no_text<;;jrk corner, or perhaps even buries it,
£tid you only know that he has a guilty
conscience by the outward manifestations
of cuilt. Any cue can train animals to
I-erform trices wlio v.-ill devote the lime
lo ltan<1 vbo a little Judgment.
It is nonsense to think one must be
tide of a food. which the animal likes
moBt. ./ - . ,
Fourth— Do not work with the animal
for an hour and then neglect him for a
week. Better devote ten minutes each
day regularly. The result* will be surer
and quicker .
anything that may suggest itself. Only
remember the same "cue" should always
be given, i A small pad, blanket or some
thing soft should be placed under the dog
at first, so that If he falls he will not be
hurl. Once hurt during any act he be
comes timid immediately, and you will
.. .., ,„..-..¦;. -. > . ¦ :. -v-j-.-J-.f .•¦'-•¦"' . : -•¦;>?,•"'"•>'. ;¦'¦•
through 'a hoop. After that you can be
gin putting paper on the hoop, till finally
he will go through a- paper hoo*p.- You
must keep him thinking it is sport all the
while. -
.Suppose you want to teach a dog -' to
walk on his hind feet. You take him by
the paws, then one paw, giving your com
mand, "stand up," all. the while, .till fin
ally he learns to walk. The first week
I hold his paw; the next I give him my
cane as a support, helping him as little
as possible, and so on, till at the com
mand he will walk.
In training a dog to walk upon 'his
front. feet take him by hia hind legs and
walk him about "wheelbarrow" fashion.
Then take a small cane, place it
under his hind legs and slightly
lift them up so that the weight
will be thrown on the front feej.
Then tap the hind legs slightly with the
cane, and the dog will soon learn what
you want him to do, and he , will do It.
Remember, a > dog or a ' horse j is always
glad to please you, after ho understands
what is wanted.
Should you want the dog to walk on
three legs tap gently the particular' leg
you want off the floor. -Th dog will'soon
w.alk on three legs. Should you . want
him to walk upon two feet on the same
side of the body follow the sa,..e rule.
Should you ; want him to walk' on the
right front foot and the left hmd foot the ;
same method may be followed.
To teach a dog to turn a back I somer
sault make a small belt with a rope at
tached.to ether ' side. Place; v the strap
around the body near the front legs. Then
lift the dog up by the strings and turn
him over. This will have to be repeated
dally for at least three weeks.: The dbg
will soon have confidence in his own,abil
ity and will turn of his own accord. Eve -y
time you turn the dog over in . training
him in this act give him some "cue" 1 or:
command, such as "high up," "over."' or
Seals are very different in disposition
Same are' affectionate and very fond ol
being, petted and made much of ; otheri
are. very snappy and vicious. They ar«
rightly called sea lions, being brave ant}
tremendously ; strong- ~ in a fight; : The
greatest diplomacy ;ind patience is need
ed in training. Weeks of hard work is de
voted to the leasr difficult of the tricks.
In the "see-saw," for Instance, they were
petted and coaxed, stulTed with fish until
they realized what was desired of thdm.
In the work of the ", seal band they were
not so stubborn, ifor. with- the Kcaly food
before : their eyes It* was .a elmple mat
ter to toot the scales. Since these dwell
ers of the • briny ¦ deep , have changed their
abode and entered j the' realm' of* art f they
have ¦ taken on the' natural conditions of
artists, and are lazy, doomlneerinjj arls-
That" fish 'is brain food has been proven
without a doubt^ by < the school of eeals
under my' care. .The sole diet of .' these
marvelous' actors Is : fish, -and-.-it must
be. confessed the sole "inspiration of their
clever performance Is— nsh, for wo have
.never yet found It possible to put a seal on
a> high rtiarar plane. '"We" treathlm as a
mere physical .; subject, thinking "only of
his physical .existence.- Intact, I doubt
very -much the existence of any soul qual
ities in . th!a .very ' remarkable" and very
selfish creature. Playing- upon his. abnbr
mal desire for gratification of his flesh
loving, propensities I have developed 'an
apparently Intelligent actor out of the
wobbly?, barking, "ungainly, seal. ,1 verily
believe 1 could, teach a seal to dance the
&panishJTanclango if he were-sure that his
repast at the end of 'the * performance
would warrant the effort. He can scarcer
ly be called an epicure, yet he is certainly
a gormandizer. As n fishmonger ho would
be a success, for 1 hi3 one cry is fish! fish!
fish! ; In training I keep his reward ever
his eyes. ,.^ '.-.'..¦ ¦¦¦• '
they have: both* turned jdut to be.lntelll
' "gent performere. - The , "zebra is. a very
; : . nervous ' t and* it; is very likely
- upon ;thls | account Uhat. he has been so
'misunderstood. ' True;, <JamelB and • zebras
cannot compare* with, horses and' dogs,
but they rival lions and other perform
ing animals'.' The method of training
camels and- zebras Is precisely that used
for dogs and horses, with a greater stock
of patience. ,The length of time required
is about five, times that given to the more
i domestic animals. . -. y f.
, After all is said, the training of zebras,
camels, lions, elephants, • and I might add
.wooden Indians,- is a snap compared to
the struggle of imparting knowledge to a
Iong-w,hiskered goat or' a- pug dog." Either"
of these animals has the happy faculty of
forgetting in 'one moment what you have
spent months in teaching him. > During
my long experience I; have wasted my
patience with many apug dog and many
a goat, and I must admit that I can only
; crown the result with the name of suc
cess once in each case, and that only to
a limited extent. The pug. dog will creep
across a tight rope that any other dog in
-the show will run across on two feet. He
is the only species of the- canine tribe for
which I have no respect.. The goat is only
used for clown purposes;: Even his clever
trick of riding a horse Is rarely apprecJat-
ed, except from the standpoint of humor.
In truth, this , solemn . creature Is com- '
pelled tolobk always on the funny sideof
things, for he Iiye3 in the environment of
laughter.; If I were compelled to train
-goats- and pug dogs continuously I am
free to confess thai. I should give up the "
animal training o'uainess. .
f -, O tx» * successful animal trainer
I one must study animals as one
I studies, people. The varieties of
I dispositions are quite similar—
-* some are mild and some are fierce;
some bright and some stupid. Some ani
mals show criminal tendencies Just as
some children do. Some are wrongdoers
from intention. They know the difference
between nght and wrong, but they delib
erately choose the wrong. Such animals
should be dealt with aa criminal*, but be
sure In choosing; your treatment that 'you
do not confound the merely stupid creat
rre with tbe criminal.
If one will give a little time and atten
tion, he will find this a most interesting
physiological study. Take young puppies
for the first example. A puppy who is
merely mischievous will never sneak up
10 you bearing the photograph of his
guilt in his hanging head and crouching
gait. If he has stolen some article for a
plaything he will probably bring the rem
nants to you in triumph and be much
chagrined at your disapproval. On the
other hand, the pup who is naturally a
thief bears his treasure away into some
peaaeaaifl of any •peetal qaaHfleatbra.
The whole eclenc* of training animals re
solves Itself into one thing— that la work,
and hard work at that. , Of course, one
must be kind, patient and persevering.
It la very slow work at first and one can
not see much advancement In any animal
that is being trained in the first tew. days,
sometimes weeks. But if the trainer con
tinue* the results will. In most cases, be
satisfactory. If I had & son bent upon
becoming an animal trainer and he came
to m* for adTlo*, X would advla* him not
to enter the business, but should he in
sist. I would set down the following aim
pie rules for him to follow:
First— Use common horse sense and do
not expect to accomplish In a. day work
that will require weeks. . . - ¦ ¦ - •
Second— Never punish an animal for the
sake of wearing out a whip. Remember,
the most contemptible thing that walks
the earth is the Individual that punishes
dumb creatures unnecessarily.
Third— When an animal doeo anything
particularly well, show your appreciation
by a kind word, a stroke or caress, and
occasionally reward him with a small par-
X>eca moat hm treated rvrr hkkA Me*
childreu. They know when they axe dis
obedient, and have naughty spells, just
as- children do, and have w be punished.
But the best way to train dogs Is by
kindness. Some trainers do it by whip
ping:, as It la a quicker way. but the ani
mals are not as reliable If trained In this
way and are apt to go back Von their
master in critical moments. ; '¦.
The way to get the best result* is to
make the do*-* think what their ar* doing
Is fun, and If the. trainer oan keep them
thinking so his success is assured. Never
let your anger get the best of you. Never
beat your dog. That will make him stu
pid. Occasionally, if they are disobedient,
I have to chastise them a lltt*e, out they
always know what It is for.
I believe the dog'is more intelligent
than people give him credit for being, and
will do anything in his power if you treat
him right. You must first make him
understand that you are master. Then
he must learn his name and to come
when he is called. It will take from two
to five weeks to do this well. Then you
will teach him to jump over a stick and
find tfcta «m of titf aiia«maU» things
with I which you will have to contend.
Much has 'been written about the re
markable memory of | elephants. ' These
articles may be written by profound
thinkers, but' not by practical animal
trainers, s Mr, experience with elephants
has been \ long and varied, and I find
them invariably treacherous, irresponsible
and as to memory I find that good, bad
and indifferent. In fact, elephants are
like i their fellow. animals, whether of a
higher or lower order. Moat of •nr ele
phants are - young, but , even at an early
age I find, their; natural' propensities ' as
serting themselves. ; They are willful' and
show signs of treachery. They axe' rea
sonably Intelligent, but : do not show
near the amount* of gray matter displayed
by^a dog or a horse. It baa been gener
ally conceded among animal trainers and
showmen; in general that camels were
useless/ except for menagerie purposes. It
has been claimed that j the , camel pos
sesses no more bra'n than an ostrich. This
has also been said of the zebra.¦¦..¦Never
theless', I have made a study of; th^e
two species, and, strange as Jt may'seera.
tf$7/tf HO has not at one time inhis
vJAJ/ life tried to teach - hia Pet dog
\^Vj « * few simple tricks— and
generally failed miserably? You fail
simply because you do not know how.
In tlays : gon,e by it was considered a
.great' thing when a dog could be
taught to "sit up," to stand on his
liind leg^, to jump through a hoop,
and a few other simple.performanccs.
Now all this work is merely a small
preliminary in the eyes of a profes
sional animal trainer. Some men
have taken the trouble to make a
. business of such training and they
"know how." Mr. C. J. Morris of .
"Norri* & Howe's Trained Animal
Show" gives below an article on ani
mal training prepared especially for
the readers of The Call, Mr. Norris
started out first merely with the idea
! of training- dogs, but he gradually en
larged the field of his efforts to tak*
in camels, zebras and even seals. Ho
saya that he has been able to do a
little in the line of teaching pug doga
and goats — but a very little. This
may prove discouraging to the fair
sex who own. some little pugs that
they t>n™v "just the smartest tilings
in all the world." Other dogs are not '
on the tabooed list, however, and
when you know how to train them it
¦ is. the simplest thing in the world to
take any pup .of evident brightness
arid turn him into an acrobatic won
der. The methods as Mr. Norris ex
plains them are so interesting that
even a person who doeo not anticipate
putting some horse, dog or possibly
oven zebra, lion or seal, through a
course of educational training, cannot
fail to enjoy reading what he has to
say on the subject. .*
THE WAY
PRO FES SIoNALS
TEACH DUMB
BEASTS TO DO
THEIR WILL.
THIS SUJSTJDAY CAJji..
tocrats. -; They believe every day. Is Fri
day and keep the ritual; in regard to that
day .They refuse fish which is not dainti
ly and ; properly, dressed, _ and show many
oth'er tendencies ' of their* civilized brother
artist. ¦ . ¦ •
Would it not be; very interesting if we
could learn their language? What hosts
they would be! What tales of mermaids
and eea serpents. What descriptions of
Father Neptune's realm beneath the seas.
; "it is a consummation' devoutly to be
wished.'* -
Shetland" ponies are bright, but it re
quires a great deal of work arid an un
limited stock of patience. My partner,
Mr. Howe, who Is eminently a business
man and Is very seldom around the show,
tausht Rosebery.; the talKlnsr pony. * Jdr.
Rowe Is vevy fond of animals and takes
great pleasure, In feeding them sujgar.ajicl
sweetmeats. Rcsebery was trained vla,"lE^
the sugar route. by Mr.'Rpwe. and 1 must
confess it worked Ilka a charm.
2For many days they toiled before the
range of cliffs and mountains were passed,
and when this was accomplished the river
' broadened and the country became more
level. The banks were well woode"d and
game was plentiful. After several days'
travel In this level country a range of
mountains was sighted, which was reached
with much difficulty. After resting for a
few days Churchill decided to ascend one
of the high peaks to view the surrounding
In his letter Mr. Churchill states that
last fall while prospecting in the Chista
china country, accompanied by two In
dian packers, lie came to a small stream
which bore the appearance of never having
been explored., so he decided to explore it.
After ascending the stream in a small ca
noe a considerable distance it narrowed
in between high cliffs and shot with
dizzy swiftness down the gulches, making
it necessary to tow the canoe by means of
a line. •
mining operations. Following these dis
coveries comes the report of the finding
of a prehistoric city in the Copper River
country, in Chistachina district, which
promises to be a rival- r to Alaska's famous
Silent City as revealed by a mirage, as
well as affording a -promising field of re
search for scientists. The~ discoverer of
th:s wcnderful city: is George F. Churchill,
and lie tells r.f his discovery in a letter
written by him to Colonel' L. F. Shaw of
this city, who spent two years in the
Nome" country as a prospecting partner
with Churchill, but early last spring
Churchill went into the Copper River
country and »ast fall Colonel Shaw re
turned here from Nome.
a series of blows from "a prospecting pick
on one of the walls disclosed that beneath
the ice covering was some sort of build
ing material, which appeared to be wood,
but it was of stonelike hardness, appar
ently in a state of petrifaction. The si
lence around the place waa something
ghostly; not the slightest sound broke the
awful stillness. The streets In many
places were blocked with huge masses of
ice. During the brief investigation the
Indian packers became stricken with ter
ror, and when Churchill signified his In
tention of continuing his investigation*
the Indians- rebelled and started to re
turn to the Chistachina country. Remon
strances availed nothing, and as Churchill
did not wish to be left alone, as winter
was approaching, he gave up further ex
ploration of his strange find, but states
that during the coming season he will or
ganize an expedition and. return to the
city of ice and snow, and he feels conn
dent that he will establish the fact that
the wilds of Alaska were once inhabited
by a civilized class of people, and al3O
that what is now a region of snow and
ice was once a tropical climate.
country, ana ne was ampty rewarded.
In one of the valleys he saw some fan
tastic arrangement of ice and snow, which.
had formed in the shape of a city, which
led him to investigate. He- descended tha
mountain, and after a few hours' travel
reached the outskirts of the mysterious
city. To his amazement he found that
the place was laid out in streets and
blocks of strange-looking buildings, which
resembled mosques, towers, etc.
The whole seemed to be of solid Ice, but
3
Evidences of Prehistoric Civilization in Wilds of Alaska.
" —y VIDENCKS of a prehistoric civlli
. J zation in the wilds of Alaska are
| f gradually being brought to light.
l» Last summer miners working on
. ; V .Gold Run Creek, in the. Nome dis
trict, found several coffer dams a consid-
erable distance , below the surface and
resting on" bedrock, while on Kougarok
Creek a bedrock drain BOO feet j In . length
was ; found, and near the. same place ; a
string of wooden beads was also found,
the beads being strung on iron wire. They
were in a state of petrifaction and have
been . sent to the Smithsonian Institution.
. These discoveries caused considerable
comment, and the miners are firm in the
belief that many centuries ago that sec
tion of Alaska was -' the scene of active
scriptlon of her gowns to be published.
"Oh, no, indeed, I could not do that,"
she responded. . ¦ - "
"No, - Mrs. Depew has the same horror
of giving out for publication purely .per
sonal matters," added the Senator, "that
all ,, women brought up abroad have. It
is something born and bred In them, and
not to be overcome at short notice."
"Knowing that aversion," I said, "1
wondered to see a description of your
gowns In one of the New York Journals."
"Thai ls easily, explained," said Mrs.
Depew. "I find tha£ in this country when
you make up your minds to find out a
thing you leave no stone unturned to get
lt. : You are also ingenious. What could
not be had from me my dressmakers
could, and did, g'ive you. Of course,, it
was a good advertisement for; them, and
they made the most of it, really exag
gerating the account to serve their own
ends."
Mrs. Depew's favorite room in Corcoran
House is her boudoir, the color scheme
of which is pink. - This pretty apartment
overlooks .the grounds in the rear of the
interesting, and historic mansion, and be
yond one has a view of the "spacious-gar
den,. Inclosed by. its high brick walls. A
great deal of curiosity is being manifested
in, regard to what particular church Mrs.
Depew . will * join, but she has as yet not
indicated what her choice .will be. In the
meantime she attends the services of old
St.»J6hn's with her husband. >
What Etiquette Demanded When
Prince Henry Went Overboard
gY profession .Prince Henry of
Prussia is a diplomat and a sailor,
says the Brooklyn Eagle. Offi
cially he is the commander of the
German - squadron in the Pacific,
and his title ls that of admiral. And be
It known, also, in the Interest of this an
ecdote, that discipline ls as strict In the
German navy as it is in the Emperor's
army.
. It happened one day during a rather
nasty storm at sea that a sailor fell
overboard from the flagship. •'.'. Prince
Henry chanced to- be the only person
who saw . the man fall, and without
waiting to think of his dignity or his
general importance to the German na
tion : and "- navy, the Prince dived over
board,-intent on saving the sailor.
The people who had . not seen the fall
of the sailor were not so remiss In
the matter of a Prince and an admiral.
All of Prince Henry's officers who came
on deck promptly dived after their ad
miral, intent upon the preservation of the
Princex and of native tradition together.
The Prince, who had caught the
drowning sailor by diving for him,
came to the surface to find himself sur
rounded by nearly his whole staff, all
of whom saluted as well as they could
under the- circumstances, .for two of
them were most indifferent; swimmers.
Meanwhile, aboard the flagship there
was .consternation. At one sweep the
ship I had .'apparently been- deprived of
all Its executive 'officers except two,
who were below fn their cabins, asleep.
Mindful only of discipline and oblivious
to' the needs of -the men in the water,
a signalman rushed below and pounded
excitedly on the door of one officer's
cabin. .
."Herr Lieutenant!" he shouted, "the
Herr Prince Admiral is in the sea, the
¦ Herr Commandant has gone with him.
The Herr Commodore and two. Herr Cap^
tains are also overboard. There are
also others. What are the orders of
the Herr- Lieutenant?" -¦¦-¦• ;
"Throw them a rope, you blazing Idiot!*'
howled the lieutenant, hurrying Into his
clothes and racing to the deck.
The sight which greeted him is said to
have been inspiring. A rope had just been
thrown to the swimming and spluttering
.officers, but none of them would taks It
until after the Prince— etiquette forbade—
and he was too far away to reach . it.
There waa really ydanger of a tragedy,
when the Prince, who ia a powerful swim
mer, perceived and understood the diffi
culty. For the first time. It ls said, he
lost his temper In most royal fashion and
savagely ordered the nearest man to grab
the rope. The officer addressed tried to
salute respectfully, but as he waa already
half-drowned and was utterly unable to
swim at all with only one hand, the at
tempt merely sent him under the water.
Then the Prince spoke— spoks emphatic
ally, and continued to speak as his officer*
caught the line and hung on to It. one be
hind the other, like a string of trout. Tba
admiral Prince was still speaking when
he was hoisted respectfuly aboard, an*
It ls said that his Impromptu address con
tinued for some little time afterward.
Mark Twain has complained of the Inef
ficiency' of the German language in
xnoments like these, but the Prince got
along. The speech was never fully report
ed, but, the closing remarks were under
stood to have contained this historic or
der, delivered to the signal man:
" , and the next time a man
falls overboard you heave him a hyphen
ated rope before you call any qualified
officer; and then, if the double-dashed
asterisk doesn't know enough to catch
why, let him swim!"
Nevertheless, the good-tempered Prince
was himself the first to laugh over the
circumstances a few minute3 later and to
good humoredly chaff his officers for fol
lowing him into the water. Moreover, he
bo forgot his former experience and Its
orders that a little while afterward ha
again jumped into the 'sea to rescue a
sailor who had been stunned as he went
overboard.
Thinking of this exquisite gown 1 asked
Mrs. Depew if she had allowed any de-
On this occasion she 'was superbly
gowned. Mrs. Depew is quite tall, and
rather slender, and the rich folds of the
dress hung in most graceful curves.. The
material was of liberty satin, grayish
white in color, the^olds shimmering with
a silver light. A - wide band of point lace,
fully a foot and a half in width, was in
serted a few inches from the hem. Ac
cessories of the lace were used as well
upon the bodice, which was also trimmed
in silver, a delicate pattern being traced
in silver paillettes. The same delicate
tracery was used around the hem of the
gown.
. She stood Just at the entrance of the
yellow reception-room and greeted each
and all with that same quiet dignity in
her bearing and a genuine cordiality and
sweetness that one felt instinctively. From
the moment she took your hand in hers
and addressed a few words of welcome to
you you felt she had in some mysterious
way made you her friend. Her face is
very tranquil fn repose, but when she
speaks it lights up with such a kindly
spirit— gentle, yet firm, a face full of
character. /
"That is not so difficult as it seems,"
observed the Senator. And turning to his
wife he added, gallantly, "Mrs. Depew
has that happy faculty of remembenng
faces and names— a boon to be thanklul
for."
I attended one of Mrs. Depew.'s at
homes one Thursday, "Senator's day,"
and the spacious mansion was thronged
with people come to pay their respects to
the wife of the genial Senator from New
York and to see this bride, who has been
the talk of two continents. Of course the
position was a trying one for her, as all
will admit. The most critical, however,
could find not the slightest fault to cavil
over.
"Yes, the coming to Washington alone
immediately after our arrival in this
country was rather trying, but every one
was so kind they made me feel as mucn
at home as I could under the circum
stances. I thought I had met every one In
Washington, there were so many at Miss
Paulding's tea. It was delightful, but my
head whirled at the mere thought of re
membcrir.g all the faces, to say nothing
of the names."
"It is too early yet to say whether I
shall get to Paris this year," .- said she,
"but I shall go back and forth to New
York often with Mr. Depew, although 1
regard myself as settled here. I am con
stantly meeting more people — the circie is
always widening. : . . • ¦•' .
Charmed as she is with Washington,
and what she has already seen of it, Mrs.
Depew expects to visit Paris again. It is
possible she may return ntxt summer, al
though that depends largely upon the du
ration of the session of Congress.
"Oh, Washington society is delightful."
exclaimed the Senator. "I never was ;n
a place where the social glass was so sa!-<.
Either there are no stones to throw -or
there are poor throwers, or every one is
having such a good time they, do not care
to throw. No doubt there are as many
sinners here as elsewhere, but they aie
such charming sinners."
"With so many social duties I will have
no time with my music, I ftar. I do not
wish to have it appear th'at I am un
grateful for all the hospitality lavished
upon me. Far from it. The cord.ality
makes a great impression on me. It is de
lightful to come back to one's native land
and be so received. 1 have never known
anything like it."
"Do I ride? Not at all. No, my partic
ular hobby, if hobby I have, is music. I
can wax enthusiastic on that subject, for
I am very fond of it in both its branches,
vocal and instrumental. .Lately I have
been unable to do anything with either,
and I am sorry to say the outlook In that
regard is not promising.
"What do I think of her?" she said, re
peating my question. "Oh, delightful, but
so energetic, so athletic. The we nun
seem to . do all the things the men do.
They ride, play golf and tennis, hunt and
do all those things. I do not care for out
door life myself, there is too much work
about such sports. And the club at Chevy
Chase, which, they tell me, is most de
lightful, alas, does not appeal to me ii
the least.
There is a quiet dignity about Mrs. De
pew which is one 'of her chief charms,
and it seems to be a natural accompani
ment to the polish that is so quickly no
ticed when one converses with her. She*
has no affectations, and it was with a*
pleasing sincerity that she discussed the
American woman on her native heathy
"Washington is something like Paris ia
that respect," remarked Mrs. Depew, lu
her soft, well modulated voice, "and yet
it is different, too. There there is no
political element." ' ?
"In New York it is so different; there la
such a sameness about the social life. So
ciety hives by itself. Society is separate
f.rom literature. Society is separate from
Bohemia. Society, is- separate from the
life of the Judges, the preachers, the phy
sicians and the politicians. But in Wash
ington all is different. A clever, ambi
tious man from the West or the South
or the New England States can come
here, and if he has it in him can be in so
ciety and hold his own.
• "lake Paris, Yet Different"
"Precedence! How can there be any pre
cedence? Every one's position socially Ls'
fixed for him. Either one is a diplomat,
or in the Cabinet, or has some social.po
sition; and that is jus: what makes Wash
ington so delightful. There is always
some element of interest in the social,
functions here. It must be of interest or
it doesn't get in.
"Not very well," I replied; '.'but that re
mark goes to show you do not believe to
this quesfon of precedence so much talked
of here."
"Oh, no, indeed," Interjected Senator
Depew; "there Is no nonsense here. Why,
there can't be. Washington society i»
totally different from any other. Here
every one's rank Is fixed, and yon cant
be other than you are, can you?"
"Tlfe sincerity of Washington society
has often 'been Questioned?" I ventured.
"Of course, I have seen New Tork, and
have been entertained there, but our visits
have been so very limited as to time that
I have not had an opportunity to form
much opinion of that city; but Washing
ton is delightful. Every one has been so
kind, so'cordial."
"It surpasses my fondest hopes. Wash
**-gion is . so different from any other
place I have ever known. Tou know 1
went abroad when only a year old with
my mother, who, by the way, was a
Southern woman, and I have spent all my
life in Europe, mostly in Paris. I never
forgot, however, that I was an American.
All my studies were along American lines,
and before me has always been the 'fixed
purpose of coming to see my native land.
I have bc-en a long time In doing It. but
at last I am here. Yes, It was strange
that my family never came back to Amer
ica for a visit, at least, but they never
"It will take some time to tell you, but
the most prominent thought In my mind
ie that at lastA am here. I have wanted
all my life to come to America, and
especially to the capital. I have always
had such great expectations of Washing
ton, and they are every one realized and
more than realized.
"What are' my Impressions of Washing
ton T' asked Mrs. Depew.
"How I Found Washington."
The first the world heard of Mrs. De«
pew was that she was a mere slip of a
girl and that the wedding was one of
the May and December affairs. Next it
was told that the bride was no girl, but
a woman perceptibly gray. Mrs. Depew
is a woman in the prime of life, neither
middle aged nor very young, but just the
proper age for the mistress of Corcoran
house. Her hair is not gray, but brown.
Her eyes are large and a soft brown and
her teeth are white and even.
in Paiis. where she has spent nearly
nil of her life, the esthetic in most things
is 'developed to the highest degree; yet
Mrs. .Depew is genuinely enthusiastic over
the American jzapital, which is a mere
babe in comparison vrith the gay French
metropolis, wliere so much of the world's
history Has "iteen made.
To ascertain her impressions of Wash
ington i cknea at the Corcoran house and
found heir fulsome in her admiration of
her new- environs and associations!
But Usere is one striking point of dif
ferences between Mrs. Depew and the
averag^ American woman — she has no
taste for outdoor life. Hiding and driving
and the more violent goif and tennis hold
forth no inducement to her and her no
tions of. this phase of the strenuous Amer
ican fen*inine character are decided.
Mrs. I>epew and the Senator received
me in tfc« library, overlooking the "retty
park, which will soon be radiant and gor
geous with spring .blossoms. -The wife of
the SeJiator was' dressed in a becoming
blouse of white taffeta, stitched with
black and narrow pipings of turquoise
velvet, the collar b.e.ing.of blue, with black
stitchings, giving it a very chic appear
ance. Her skirt was black. She wore
no jewels except her wedding ring, a
circlet with a large diamond flanked up
on each side by a sapphire.
It teems fitting that such a place as
this thouid be the home of a woman
bi ought up in the Old World, with its
Ucie- honored traditions and historic as
sociations, instead of one of the brand
new tyicii. and span mansions, which are
so numerous in Washington.
Enthusiastic in New Home.
In the commodious garden which runs
back irom H street. Lord Lytton, then
an attache of the legation, under the
pseudonym of "Owen Meredith," wrote
"Lucile." One can easily fancy this gar
den is the cne described in the poem where
Lucile and her lover meet after a lapse
ol years.
There the late Calvin S. Brice and Mrs.
Brice dazzled the capital with their splen
did entertainments when Mr. Brice was
a Senator from Ohio. Forty years ago it
was occupied by its owner, W. W. Cor
coran, whose sympathies were with the
South when the war came on and who
discreetly leased it to Great Britain for
use as a legation in order to save it from
coniiscaiion by the Federal Government.
Society is pleased with Mrs. Depew. The
Senator's wife is already fond of Wash
ington.
Right in the heart of society's domain
Mrs. Depew is domiciled. Corcoran house,
long famous as a rendezvous for fash
ionables. ! is her home. It is visible
through Lafayette Square from the White
House, and is pointed out to visitors who
are taking In the sights.
antithesis of disappointment to her, and
she is confident she has judged unbiasedly.
She went there at the height of the busi
est season the capital has ever known.
Society was never so gay and lively, never
so much on the qui vive for innovations
and acquisitions, and the welcome it gave
her has found its response In her appre
ciation of it. The reciprocal ratio is per
fect. . '-n;>. :
Mrs. Depew is delighted with the result
of her observations. Washington is the
While society was busying itself "look-
Ing her over" she was quietly taking its
measure and fitting it to her own ideas,
and the fit is perfect.
ready, as society always is. to
pick flaws, should there be aify, and the
verdict, already pronounced, is unquali
fiedly in her favor. The wife of the junior
Senator from New York "measures up"
fully to all expectations. She Is what was
anticipated rather than what was hoped
for, and that, per se, is the equivalent of
a gracious compliment- Now Mrs. Depew
Is a part of this same society and one of
Its favorites.
On the other hand. Mrs. Depew has
practically completed her survey of Wash
ington.
WASHINGTON society has about
finished its study of Mrs.
Chauncey Depew. It has scru
tinized her with a critical eye,
ington. D. C.)
.Copyright. 19p2. by A. W. Miller. ."Wash-
THIS SUNDAY CALL.
WASHINGTON ,AS I FOUND ITMarch 16, Sunday— Those who celebrate
the unnivt-nmry of their birth upon this
day should be careful of financial losseit
during the year. They should not travel
or speculate and should avoid changing
their place of .residence. There may be
businefts anxiety for some, with changes
of occupation.
March 17, Mdnday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this date should use great
care In buxlnmis and take no risk* durlns
the coming year. There may be llln»«8>»
among near relatives. Girls should not
rink in marriage, although young widows
may receive most advantageous offera
which they will accept.
March IX, Tuesday— This will be an un
eventful year for those who celebrate
their birthday to-day. There will be no
unusual developments in the commercial
routine of buainesn men. Youne women
may experience unhappy love uffalrs
ilarch 19, Wednesday— Thn?<> in employ
ment should receive promotion if their
birthday falls upon this date. Business
men should find this a profitable year
There may be illness or disappointments
for some during the next twelve months
March 20. Thursday— Business men are
menaced by serious losses and should, be
ware of new ventures - and heavy risks
All should keep quiet and avoid excite
ment if their birthday falls upon this
date.
Birthdays.
The market should open with an uncer
tain aspect. Grain should be down at 10
and up at II, metals up at 12 and stock
at 1 p. m.
March 22, Saturday— Business will be
unsettled, yielding unsatisfactory results
upon this day.
Sell to-day. Market opena down, but
there should be a rise In supivr and pro
visions from 10 to 11 a. m. There should
be a changeable close.
Stocks and sugar should lead the mar
ket until 10 a. m., but will be very uncer
tain until 12, with a decline before 1 and
a slight rally at the close. ' #
March 21, Friday— All large deals con
summated tp-day should bring excellent
financial- results.' The correspondence
business should flourish upon this date.
Important letters should b© written from
8 to 10 a. m.
March 20, Thursday— This day will be a
propitious one for the making of changes,
especially in mechanical lines and labor
unions. Favors should be granted upon
this date.
Minerals and mining stocks should be
best from 11 to 12 m.
Business.
March 16, Sunday— This day Is a treach
erous and deceiving one. Put no faith In
promises made to-day. . All xhouiu open
the day quietly, or ill results may be the
consequence.
March 17. "Monday — The dally routine of
buisenns should be undisturbed upon this
day. Do not start new enterprises to
day. Gardens should bo planted upon this
date regardless of weather conditions.
The market for, grain may open fair,
but bo down at 10 and up at 12, and con
tinue changeable until the. close. Stocks
may move a little 'from 10 to 12.
| March 18, Tuesday— Important papers
and contracts should not bo signed upoi
this day.' Professional people should meet
with success to-day.'
Market opens quiet, but is very change
able until noon, then down, with a rise at
1 p. m. '
March 19, Wednesday— This Is an excel
lent day upon which to travel and to close
Important deals. Those 'seekinp employ
ment should meet with success during the
morning hours. Sign contracts from 9 to
10 a. in. . - ¦ j
Market opens lower. Grain ¦ should go
up by 10, down at U ami up at 1 p. m.
Marriage.
Those who seek happiness in wedded
Hvch should choose the 17th- 18th, 19th
and 20th days of this month for their
marriage ceremony. Most unfavorable ln^
tluences preside over the last two days
of the seven.
f*T>HE week beginning on Sunday,
I March 16, will bring a . readjustment
f to planetary conditions, yielding in
1 creased prosperity and harmony in
• ' X business.
During this week Jupiter and the sun
will change into other signs, and in good
aspect to each other, will lend a marked
influence on monetary . affairs. Invest
ments should greatly increase, and loans
should be secured on easier terms with
less risk. '
Speculators should use caution. Trad
ing should be narrow the first days of the
week, with fluctuations, but should grow
stronger the latter part, of , the week.
Care should be exercised during this
week in the prevention of colds, pleu
risy and bronchial troubles.
¦The weather should be windy and cool.
The equinoctial storms will sweep over
the country by the 23d, followed by rain,
unow and cold winds. There are likely to
bo many disastrous fires during this week,
and explosions In mines.
THE SECRETS OF THE STARS
perience a fortunate year. They should
not travel, however, or make decided
changes. There may be annoyancea
through letters for young people.
March 22, Saturday— Those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth upon
this day should not yield to their prodigal
tendencies or they may rue their indis
cretions. This year will be one full of
pleasure and excitement for young peopie.
Young women should have offers of mar
riage.
Births. ;( •'-
The children born on the first four days
. weelc wiu be Blfted witi» literary
genius. The children who are born on the
-Zist and 22d days of March should b'e
ecme leaders in politics, war and com
merce. One child will be born as the
sun crosses the line who will, fifty years
hence, lead the world as ruler and states- 1
man. The girls will be endowed with dra-i
matlc powers. r
March IB.- Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be the possessors of
unsettled dispositions and will enjoy
traveling and will choose occupations th.it
require changes of acenery. The girls will
marry happily.
March 17, Monday— These children will
be ambitious, steady and persevering.
They will bo fortunate In finance and in
love. The boys should make excellent
manager* of large corporations.
March IS, Tuesday— The- children of to
day will, be smart and active. Those born
from 2 to 3 ami from 8 to 9 a. m. should
b« wontVrfully successful in all of their
undertakings. Both boys and girls will
be fond of literature and th« sciences.
March 19. VV'edneaday— The»c children
Khould be very fortunate In life ami
should rise to high positions. The boys
should succeed in educational, scientln-
and religious lines of work. The girl*
will be gifted In the dramatic and mu
sical arts.
March 20 Thursday— Tho children bom
upon this day will b«? of happv and gen
er'.ua dispositions, with a love for pleas
ure. They will spend money foolishly and
may meet many disappointments. •
March 21 Friday— The children born
upon this day will he keen, clever dar
ing and ambitious. Those born from 1 to
2 and 6 to 8 will be great schemers and
will be fond of adventure. Those born
from 2 to 4 and 8 to 10 will be successful
and highly honored in life.
March 22, Saturday— The children born
to-day will be original and should be suc
cessful inventors. Some will find recogni
tlo £ J n Professional careers. The girls
will have many admirers oX tho opposite"
sex.
The protection which the law—affords
one woman in allowing her to bring the
name of another into the disgraceful pro
ceedings of a divorce court has ruined the
lives of many Innocent women. In the one
case lately exploited in the New York
courts a woman named as co-respondent
one whom her husband had never even
seen. The naming of this woman, a total
stranger to all parties, wrought chaos In
her home. The husband, who up to. that
time had cherished an absolute faith In
his wife, would not or could not under
stand how she could be named in such
connection .were not .some truth und(jr
lylng the accusation; thinking she niu.it
have been gruilty of some indiscretion that
placed h«r In a questionable light. HIh
whole nature changed toward her; he
became morose find- xuspicioua of; her
every act. Crushed by the other woman's
accUKutlons und under tho ban of u hus
band's dlBplcanurc, nlj<; became the most
pitiable physical wreck. And there have
been a number of . parallel cases where
women have been horribly wronged -by
calumnies having no foundation in fact. .
Tho unfortunate phase of sucM happen
ings in, that no woman is Immune agalnat
them, no woman can'guard against them,
nor can nny one tell when such a storm
may break over her head. „ •
The awful fate of the beautiful Ameri
can girl. In London, whom world-famed
artists and soulptoru raved over, ¦ paying
her the highest compliment ever paid
beautiful' womanhood, "God's. Master-'
piece," Is one of the saddest examples cf
these awful visitations ever recorded.
The cowardice of a man who had be
sought a mother to leave her . daughter
under the protection of his home, in cast
ing, a young girl alone and adrift -during
that* mother's absence is horrible to con
template. Several of the famous artist's
countrymen now in New York, profess
ing a personal acquaintance with all the
parties concerned, have plainly expressed
the opinion that jealousy in the home \m
vice itself. People are always on .the
alert to scent any story, whether true or
false, repeated to the detriment of an
other. The victim may be heart-broken,
but no assurances of faith in her bring
the grain of comfort she ' craves. The
world slinks away affrighted at the.,first
breath of scandal, and few women have
the courage to bravely face the cruelties
of gossip and live it down . despite the
malice of its instigators.
The 'sequence proves that ono can never
toll how gossip or scandal will affect its
victim. 1 In this ca«>e the blow worse than
killed, because it fell upon a head and
henrt as yet unschooled- In the bitter lea
8ons of experience. An oldor woman, who
hud known Ics* of the world's Idolatry
anci more of it». cruelties, could have* been
more philosophical, but the untried soul
mourned and would not b<; comforted, us
subsequent events proved.
There ar« many women whose lives art!
uselessly blighted by the utter wanton
ness of heartlces gossip. It Is a aa/e rule
not to believe anything that you hear and
very little that you eec.
A Jealous . woman will circulate any
story against the woman whom she fan
cies has wronged her, and very often her
own. diseased imagination conjures up the
phantom that destroys her peace of mind
and wrecks the life of the other.
The more kindly, we Judge or regard
others the happier will be our own lives.
I would rather go through life minting an
abiding faith In .every one with whom -I
come in contact; even if : deceived and
taken advantage of, as is often the case,
than to feel that every one must be re
garded with a modicum of suspicion.-/^W
Even If another's life , has ita dark
pages, better turn the leaves and not read
them, but Judge t by the • exterior ' that
pleases and enjoy the bliss of Ignorance.
KATE THYSON MARK.
In whatever light we view the insult. It
was the act of a coward. One can dis
pose of an undesirable guest- by some
plausible subterfuge .that will not wound.
The brutality was emphasized by the
manner of dellvering.N -
No one will suppose that this man an
ticipated for one moment auch a tragic
denouement, but his own countrymen be
ing so devoid of Bentiment, he little reck
oned on the sensitive pride of an Ameri
can-girl who had only known respect
akin to veneration. The bluntness, or i:c
centriglty, that ho cultivates and exer-,
eises a8 a twin spirit of his genius, would
hardly plead in extenuation of an, Insult
that robbed a girl o£ that which Is more
precious than life Itself—her mind, . '
the real solution of the problem.-
The subterfuge of a man who. takes
refuge in silence is 'despicable, and if
there is a "wee sma*. •. voice" within him,
the echoes of .the sobs and tears and rav
ingfi of that lovely girl wrecked by him
must haunt him day and night. -
There is no law that reaches such atro
cities., but for one who by covert insin
uations works such ¦ devastation as has
been wrought in this case some punish
ment should be meted out. ' Nothing that
he could now do would restore to "God's
Masterpiece" the beautiful youth he has
wrecked, or bring 1 back to her heart her
lovely faith ' In all things beautiful and
the ¦ gladness that makes youth the ' pe
riod that life emblazons with its glorious
sunshine. ; '.-,
He's bendin' from the saddle to make a swoop, as Dan speaks. Thar ain't a moment to lose. Dan's hand goes to his gun.
notice that a gent by standin' high in th.e
stirrups can get a grip of the gander's
head. a-m
"As many "as determines to distinguish
themse'fs in the speculation ¦ throws a
two-bit piece into a hat. Most likely
thar'll be forty participants. They then
organizes, Injun file, an 1 goes caperin'
round the cpurse, each holdin' his place
in the jo'yous procession. As a gent goes
onder the rope he grabs for the gander's
head; an", that party who's expert enough
to bring it away in his hand wins the hat
full of two-bit : pieces yeretof ore advert
ed to.
"Which, of course, no gent succeeds the
first dash outen the box, as" a gander's
head Is on some good and strong; an'
many a saddle gets emptied by virchoo
of them backward yanks a party gets.
But it's on with the dance! They keeps
a whocpin 1 an' shoutin' an' ridin'/ the
cirkle, an' . grabbln' at the gander, each
in his cheerful turn, ontil some strong or
lucky party b'ars off the prize, assoomes
title to the two-bit pieces, struttiii' to the
licker room, an 1 buys licker for the pop'-
Jpce tharwith.
"Shore, doorlhg " a contest , a gent's" got
to keep ridin'; he's not allowed to pause
an' dally with the gander an' xielay the
game. To see to this a brace of brawny
sharps is stationed by each pole with
clubs in their willin' hands to remon :
strate with, any hoss or gent who clows
down or stops as he gets onder the
gander.
"Thar you have It, son; a brief but
lively picture of a gander pullin', as
pulled former in blithe old Tennessee.
An' you'll allow if you pets down to a
ca'm an' onja'ndiced earnest study of the
same that a half hour of reasonable
thrill might be expected to flow from It.
Gander puilin's is pop'lar a whole lot,
when I'm a yearlin'; I know that for
shore; though m , a age which grows a
heap effete, mighty likely if we-all goes
back thar now we'd find it | fallen into
disuse as a relaxation. ' '
"In ridin'. for the chicken's head . a
Mexican don't hang up his prey none
same as we-all does at gander puilin's.
He buries it In the ground to such de
grees that nothin' but the head an' neck
protroodes. An' -as the Mexicans j goes
flashin' by on their broncos, each in turn
swings down an* makes a reach for the
chicken's head. The experiment calls for
a shore enough rider an' when a party ia
over on one side that a-way, and nothin*
to hold by but a left hand on the saddle
horn an* a left spur caught in the cantle,
any little old pull will fetch him out on
his head.
"This, day when Faro Nell comes
bulgln' up to amoose her young an' idlo
cur'osity with the gayetles .of Chihuahua,
trie ridin' for the - chicken's head is
about to commence. Which they're Just
plantin' the_ chicken. At first Nell don't
savey, as she ain't posted none deep on
these yere Mexican pastimes. But Nell
is plenty quick, mental ; as, actin' look
out for Cherokee's bank, she's shorely
bound to be. "Whe.-ef ore Nell don't study
"No, the camp don't do nothin'; the
word gets passed "round that old Rucker's
gone prospectin'; an' will recur in our
midst whenever thar's a reg'lar rollcall.
" 'Doc,' he says to Doc Peets, while he's
fillm' a canteen in the Red Light, prior to
his start; "1 won't tell you what I'm aim
in' to accomplish because the Stranglers
might regyard it as their dooty to round
me up. But thar's something comin''to
the public. Doc; so I yereby leaves word
with you that next week, or next month.
or later, if doubts is expressed of my fate,
that I'm Etill flittin' an' flutterin* about
the scenery some'ers aji' am a long ways
short of dead. An' as I fades from sight
Doc, I'll take a chance an' say, that the
clause in the constitootion of this yere
country which allows that all sents is
free an* e<jual wasn't meant to incloode
no married man.' An' with these croode
bluffs, Rueker chases forth for the Flori
das.
"An" thar's Missis Ruckcr; as troo a
lady as ever bakes a biscuit! Even with
ali the burdens of the O. K. Resuxuiaw.
the suil tmds energy to improve old
itucker to that extent that he ridi-;s off
toward the liills^one mornin' an" never
does come back no more.
'XUiewlsc does Henson Annie work mir
acles simlar in the conduct of that mav
erick, French, which Knright an' the"
camp to allay the burnin' excitement
that's renuin' the outfit on account of fhm
Laundry \\ ar I relates about ycrctofore,
eorts o' herds Into Her lovin arms, leii
deiioot as lie is, wiieii we-all ups an'
man its him off that time, this yere
French aircady shov.s eyniptoms oi bc
comm' one oi the "xaost . auioiiK sports
in Arizona, licnson Annie stizes nim,
puriufcs Uiin an' maKts him wnite as
fcllOiV.
"I5ut once Dav«- comes onucr the rnitl
catin' tpi-lls of Tucson Jennie, inlays i»
. i..i. i. •; a whole lot. Tucson Jenota
knoclis Dave's borofl off door»n' the unst
two weeks; he gets i-tald and clrcum
rpect; an' tharby plays better poxer an'
grows more urbane.
"Narrow ah* contracted :-:s you may
deem said camp to l>e Wolfville itse'f ol
f«-rs plenty proof bn this yere head.
Tear's Dave Tott: Whatever Is - av«, - -
like for to inguiif. pri'ir to Tucson Jen
nie runnin' her wiicly biand onto him an'
redoodn' him t u doxnestlcitjr? No, t&ara
nothing' wj evil to Dave neither; an' yet
he hats his little ways. For one tiling.
Dav«'E about as exiemporaneous a propo
sition a*> ever *ivt» in a waddle;' an' thar'»'
times when you uive Dave licker an; ,et
him bo fully dressed— that la, have his
i;uns— an' then go on an' convince him it's
a o'caMon for joobilation. an' you-a .
wouldti't have to have no. 'call' with the
< ;« r): to ttisuie your^t-'f of b*m" out early
In the in..! /.I-..' Bon, Dave wouiu oacoer
ally he«p that tamji tscitin" up all night.
T BAR'S no doubts about it." o?>-
ECrved the Old Cattleman, apropos
of the fainr. better sex— for woman^
was the gentle subject of our morn
ing talk; "thar's po <!oubt about it.
females ;s a retinir.g" in' e.ir.oblln' infloo
encc* you-all can pat down your <-hlps
on that an' bet Vm hig'-.er than a cats
back! An" when Faro Nell prefers them
requests tl.at time, she's undoubted moveil
of feelin'h of m* icy. They shore does her
credit, said motifs toe?. Which if she had
asked Cherokee, or Jack Moore, or even
Texas T'loinrscn, things would have cunie
off as «?fTcct;f. en' a mighty s : sht more
plcpsar.t. But bIcob be*« standjn' thar, all
casool an" accidental. Nell ups an" with
out doo re!lect:cn. an' sets them Mexi
cans rxarr.ples which to trive 'em a heal
cee;:*ript:on is shore sctue bad. It ain i
Nell's fault, but Dan it a gent v of- tech
onusual ImjMijsea that you-all don't know
wherever Da;? wi.I land none once* you
goes peki..' ui> his ha'r-huns senbibil'tlts
vlth Kti'gestioi.s that is novel to his game.
Still. Neil can't help, it; an' in view of
what we-all knows to be the f<?ma;e rec
ord since ever the worid iitgitis, 1 rea>
serts, onhesitatin', that effects of woman
is good. She suUiooes the reckless, sub
joogates the rel/ellious, sobers the fnv'
lous. burns the ground from onder the in
dolent moccasins of that male she's r>t>cd
up in holy wedlock's bonds, an' p'ints the
way to a higher, happier life. That's
whatever! an' this yere dramy of oXiSi
encc, as 1 once bfi&rs Colonel Sterrett say.
uould b«' 'a froft an' a failure ait' bog
plumb down if you was to cut out the
leadin' lady roles an' ring up the cui
tuin with nothin' but bucks i:i the wsi.
¦Copuriehr. 1002. ty TlobJit Howard Bueseli
As for Missis Rueker. personal, from all
we can jedge by Ivokin' on — for thar's .
shore none of v- who's that locoed we
ups an' asks— 1 don't reckon now she ever
not'CF? that Huekcr's f.uit.
"Yere's lior/ it Is. the time when Faro
Nell. 1 her heart bleedin' for the sufferin's
of dumb aJi" he'ple«s= brutes, employs Dan
Boosts in i riants <:f mercy, an" Dan's ef
for's to do tr^cd .ret? ill advised. Not thut-
Dan Ik easily brought s=o he regynrds his
play as erroneous; Snripht has to rebooke
Dan outright in pain, set terms, an' as-'
somes airs of h'gh severity before Dai)
ailiws he even rn*er*ai:is a doubt.- .
" "Punppse I (lr.ts retire that- preaser's
hand from firk'latin." says. Dan. sort o"
d >;pr-ota<irus ! with Enrpht an' Doc Peeis
w^io'k p'<nt«n" out Dan's fuuHs. 'Mexl
carf ain't pot rn 'rr.oro ; need for hands
than pqylnch owls hes for hymn books.
TKey won't wor):; they never uses them
member.-* exent for rtenl'n' T^^nte or
riavl'-' :\ puitar. I repyards a Mexican'^
haeds tbat :i-w«y. when considered as
iffacfcfrii in his muVe-up. us plumb footile.
To j;c> f ; i;y one don't make no, more real
<Vfl"erenre fp his destinies than a button
off b's mat."
" Tan. yon shore is the most perverse
sport." says Eniight. makin* a gesture of
Impatfcrce. »«rs* fit rh<; same time reflilin'
his pass in hopes of a ca'mcr frame of
mind. 'Th's yere ain't so much a ques-
Hoa of hards a« ft*s a question of tastf."
Nell's requests Is right, an' you're bcrinrt
to go about the rescoo of said chicken -as
the v>t'rn of then crooeltics. Wccre
you-all falls down ?s on a system. The
method vmi invokf-st Is impertinent. Don'*,
yon no rerard It, Doc?"
" 'Which I nhorely <loes." says Peets.
'Dan's conduct if absolutely uncouth."
"Pan lays the l^asis for thcue yere
RtrictcrCB in the following fashion: It's %
Ileste with thr- Mexicans— one of them
noomerous. Saint's days they plves way
to wheji every Greaser unbuckles an' de
votes himse'f to merriments— an' over in
Chihuahua, as the Mexican part of the
Camp la rulled. the sunburnt portion of
Wolfvnie> ppvMatton Bhore broadens Into
oultf a time. Th.-ir's ho^s races, an'
monte. air.mosc.Tl, an" jnilgue, together
with Kfc«-h roode mtiv.'c as may bp wrung
from prlmltff Instrunn-nt.s I!ke the /rultar.
the fiddle, en' tin cans, half tilled with
bea n>«.
"Faro Noll, beln' only h ch'.ld ft« you-all
mifht cay. an' ready lo he engaged an'
rntcrtainod with childish thinpt. goes
trlppiii" over to sort b' size up the ftaj'
:<crne.
"Thar's a pa«!«el of young Mexicans
Who'* ridin' for tin- cliicken's head. This
jore i.s a sport something like gander
1'ullin'; Btune u we-all engager In on
'ihankfcgivin' days tin" Christmas, back
when I'm a boy In Tennessee. Von savcyi
a pander puliin'7 i-Jon, you shore don't
mean t«ech iynoranct;! Thar piust have
been mighty little In the life >f
a yooth «n them mcrrue regions where
you wa» raised, for you-all nrver to dis
port youne'fj even as a sp'trctator, at a
gander pullin'! It wsuldn't. Furprise mo
none atter that if you ups an' Informs me
>ou never shakes a fetlock in that dance
called moncymusk.
"To the- end that you be oddica ted—for
H'f better late thi'n never— I'll pause in
iay rsarratils comvrnin' Boggs an' the
.Mexicans long cnouga to eloocidaie of
gander puilin's.
"As I su'gests. we onbends in this pas
time at :sech epoc-i-is as Christmas an'
Xhanksglvin'.' 1 d\an't myse'f take actooai
part in any gtinder puilin's. Not that I'm
too delicate, but I ain't got no hoss. Beln
a pore yooth, I spends the mornin' of m;
e'reer on foot, an" as a hoss is a neces
sary ingreedient to a scientific gander
pullin', i never does stand in personal on
the festival,' but is redooced to become a
envy-bitten looker-on.
| "Gander puilin's is conducted near a
tavern or a still house, so's the assembled
gents won't want the. inspiration berittin'
both the season an' the scene; an' it is
commonly held onder the auspices of the
proprietor tharof. Thar's a track marked
out in a cirkle like a little racecourse for
the hosses to gallop on. This yere course
runs between two poles pinned into the
ground; or mebby it's two trees. Thar's
a rope stretched that a-way from pole to
pole, taut an' stiff she's stretched! ' An*
the gander who's the object of the meetin',
with his neck an' head greased a heap
lavish, is hung head down from the rope
by his two hind laigs. As that gander
hangs thar, what Colonel Sterrett would
style 'the cynosure of every eye,'^you'll
**
there picn::i:iu..i.^.s luj.£ oeUiv. *...<_• j;et3
onto t'he roodime:..b of dome idee con
cernln' the amiable plans of these jo
cund greasers.
"At last the chicken is burieu. an" thai- s
nothin' in sight but 1*- iin:.joui; head, fclx
cept chat it La'i turn air tv.'iac its neck
soii;e. it's hr.tvt El the srour.il as iirm ,a\'
solid as the s«.u:.iijs of a. h.tsquKt: !>..¦ ...
"the flrai fcTt~:;tr— ue'd a o -*y «"' gaudy
party with mere ec!i;r* than y ,i; counts
in .my rainbow— !a organism" a.r a ru.su.
He's piti.iii' irp h.s itnu an' pushin" nid
moccasins <- |( - lf '!> teta hi-'- tacpeiUn'tes. whsn
as tie s^ca tiis c-uyGUse the *pur trie tut]
beaity or thU exvrclse of riii;n' for the
chicken's head bi::.:t:3 on Faro Nell.
Comln' en- her one^ueetetf .that a-way,
Nell don't sec no pleasure in it. It don't
present them attracttbna which so al
loores the heart of a. greaser. Without
pausin" to think, an' feetin' shocked some
over the fate that's rtdin! down on that
buried chicken, Nell her Lttle paws
convulsive an' -oiiuks her teeth. It's then
her eye catches Uan Bogija. who's* con
templating' details an' awaiiin' the finish
with vivid Intel e;f.
¦ •' *O Dan!' says Nell, grabbln' Dan's
arm. £*J uon't want that chicken hurt
none! lan'i you-ail make 'cm stop?'
"'Shore!' saya Dad, prompt to Nell's
cry. "I prevails on "cm to cease easy.'
"As Dan says this, that radiant cavalier
is sweepin' upon the pore chicken like the
breath of destiny. He's bendin' from the
saddle to make a ;;woop. as Dan speaks.
Uhar ain't a moment to iose. Dan's hand
goes to his gun.
" 'Watch me stop him.' says Dan: an'
as he does, his builet makes rass of the
Mexican's hand not an inch from the
chicken's head.
"For what time you'all might need to
slop out a drink them onlookin' Mexicans
stands plumb still. Then the stoopefyln"
impressions made by Dan's pistol prac
tice wears off an' a howl goes up like a
hundred wolves. At this Dan gets a
number two gun to b'ar, an' with one in
each hand, sort o' dictates at the tan-col
ored multitoocie.
" 'Thar's shore a nice shot. Nell!' says
Dan over his shoulder, ropin' for them
congratulations he thinks is comln'.
"But Nell don't hear him; she's ono
hundred yards away, streakin' it for the
Red Light like a shootin' star. She bursts
In on us with the brake ofl' like a siagu
coach down hill.
" 'Dan's treed them Mexicans!" gasp.-*
Nell, as she heads straight for Cherokee;
'you-all better rustle over thai* plumb
soon!'
"Cherokee Jumps an' grabs hk» hard*
ware where they're layin' onder the table.
Bfcin' daylight an' no game goln', an' the'
day some warm besides, he ain't wearln'
'em. In a second. Cherokee buckles on
his belts an" starts; the rest of us. how
ever, beln' fully clothed that a-way, is
already half way to Dan.
"It ain't a two-minute run an' we ar
rives in time. Thar'a no more blood,
though thar might have been, for w<! •
finds Dan frontin' up to full two hundred
greasers; their numbers increasln 1 an' ex
citement runnin' a heap high. We cut*
in between Dan an' the fne, an' extri
cates that over-vol'tlle sport.
"But Dan won't return none ontll ho
exhoomea th*» rhlckc-n. which Is null bob
bin' an' r.'.visiin its onharmod head wh*ro
the Mexican buries It. Dnn dip* It out
an' takes It by tht* lalgs; Knrlght mean
whllo cimln' him out, fervent an' ne rvous
for ho fears some locoed greaser will cut
loose any moment an" mebby crease a
gent an' so I»»avp it Incumbent on the rest
to desolate Chihuahua.
" 'It's for Nell,' expostulates Dan. re
plyln' to Enrltrht's criticism*. 'I know
she. wants !t from the way she grabs my
coat that time. Moreover, from the tone*
she speaks In, I reckon ahe wants tt alive
Also, I don't di3cern no reason for this
yere toomult neither: which you-all Is
shore the most, peevish bunch, Knright.
an' that's whatever!'
" 'Peevish or no,' retorts Enright, 'as a
jedge of scch warjigs I riggers that we
gets here jest In time. Thar you be up
ag'inst the entire tribe, an' each one with
a gun. It's' one of the defects of a Colt's
six-shooter that it hits as hard an' shoot*
as troo for a Injun or a greaser as It
does for folks. Talk about us bein' pee
vish! What do you-all reckon would have
been results if we hadn't cut in on the
baile at the time we does?' :
" 'Nothin',' says Dan, with tones of soo
preme vanity, at the same time dustin* the
dirt off Nell's chicken, 'nothin'. except I'd
hung crape on half the 'dobiea in Chi
huahua.'
"As I says, however, we nacherally ex
tricates Dan. About two hours after,
when things agMn simmers to the nor
mal — an' while Nell is makin' her chicken
a coop out to the r'ar of the Red Light —
Enrierht gives a half laugh.
"'Dan.' says Enright, "when I reflects
on the hole we dug you out of. an' th»
way you-all gets in, you shore reminds
me of that Thomas Benton dog- I owns
former when I'm a child on the Cumber
land. Which ThomaSs Benton that a-way
is a mighty fervid an' industrious dog,
an' would turn over a quarter section of
land any afternoon dlggln' ont a ground
hawg. But thar's this drawback to
Thomas Benton which impairs his mar
ket valyoo. Some folks used to regyard
it as a foible; but it's worse; it's a dee
feet. As I states, this Thomas Benton
dog would throw his whole soul into th«
. work and dig out a ground hawg like h»
ain't got a minute to live. But thax's
this pecooliaxity: After that Thoma*
Benton dog has done dug out the ground
hawg for a couple of hours, you-all Is
forced to* get a spado an' dig ont that
Thomas Benton dog. He's dead now thes«
yere forty years, but If he's llvln*. I'd
shorer change his name a whole lot, an*
rebrand him "Dan'l Boggs." ' "
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The very wealthy are privileged to in
dulge their, pleasant vices, and society
•with a knowing wink and smile and a
whispered "I . told you so" congratulates
The habit 'that many Indulpp In of re
peating v/itb elaboration!! everything they
hear Ik' the func-'Hip. growth from whit!)
hprhjg i).<: wandals that rulr: many lWe£i
It.is a safe rule never to repeat anything
that one hears, and bhould harm come,
you will not feel that you have given It
the impetus.
Circumstances may be against one. and
XhfTc may \m; additional circumstances
whtrc honor demand* that n»» explanation
be given, and the woman pure an* true is
made the xubjert of Hus'plelon if not at
actual accusation.
11 any a. woman's reputation ha« been
ruined and her lif« made a burden
through r"M ij» that had not a grain of
truth a* foundation. Even this is not so
hard to combat as such cases where the
barest atom of truth makes an unquali
fied denial impossible, because of the
laraagliiK foundation that uphold* the
fabric oJ fa?*ehood.
The go'fSp emanating from a man car
ries mere weight fo'ecause people will ar
gue that a woman only surmises when
ehc assert! anything derogatory to an
other woman, while a man is supposed to
know from actual experience if the
woman of whom he epeaKi deserves the
aspersion* against her.
I have no patience with a gossip of
either sex, but a man who indulges is in
finitely worse than a woman, from the
fact that people are prone to think that
a man wt'l not eay anything, especially
against a v.oman, unless he has an ex
cellent reapon for so doing, and observa
tion will establish the fact that men arc
as much addicted to gossip as women.
THE CRUELTY OF GOSSIP.
IF A LARGE percentage of the popu
lation of this dear old whirling world
could be muzzled there are many
who would be devoutly grateful.
Gossips, whether men or women,
do more harm in a month than one can
outlive in a lifetime, and when reproached
for the mischief done the only excuse is
often "I did not mean anything," when
perhaps the happiness of a score of Inno
cent victims has been sacrificed. *- * .
It is the old, old story of Ihe worship
of the golden calf— the calf may be an
aggregation of blemishes, but if the glit
ter is there it* worshipers are content.
It is my Una conviction that many
women, pure and true, yet assailed' by
gossip, when finding themselves power
less to combat its insidious undermining,
have been driven to the very haunts of
There is nothing like a bank account to
draw the fangs of gossip. The world Is
very subservient to purple and fine linen,
and the man or woman who violates every
code of moral ethics may defy its uphold
ers and its teachings if the bank account
is only large enough to flood it with daz
ling golden gloams. But let the offender
be poor, and she will find that poverty la
a crime that the world never forgives.
Her every act will be registered and re
membered against her, and she will find
hcreclf often the target of criticisms that
are the outgrowth of a thoughtless
word or, act. If, indeed any foundation in
fact exists. The woman who has to earn
her own living dare not forswear her dig
nity for otld mompnt, for In that moment
of uncuardednes*, or in the rplrit of lev
ity, some act that to her had no.tsignfi
zancc is told, exaggerated and repeated
until little ucmblancc of truth remain*.
Her every act is criticized, her every
word Ik analyzed against her. The very
clothing for which she hoards and saves
perhaps for month*, -if it be stamped with
an elegance seemingly beyond her In
come, the virtuous noses of the women
friends of her better <luy» rise and sniff
a scandal by the question' only, "How
docs she manage it?" while the men,
equally suspicious, make a coaroer gue&b.
itself upon Its shrewdness in having sur
mised what subsequent revelations veri-.
fled. If the purse is long enough to re
gild a tarnished reputation the subject
floats through life to the dulcet harmonies
of flattery and dreams on in the comfort
ing oblivion that old transgressions are
forgotten, but the world never forgets the
lapses of the unfortunate, and while
seemingly ignoring them it only redips its'
poisoned shaft deeper into the deadly po
tion and reserves its ammunition until the
favorable time when its work will be
more effective.
March H, Friday— Those who celebrate
their natal day upon this date should ex-
4
B "^ *ved to return with nippers.
. , "That's it," she said In delight. "Now,
what is that little square thing with a
round hole in the middle called? The
f thing that stops a screw?" .'
The hardware .man returned with a nut.
So the purchasing went on." Mrs, Van
Pelt returned home with a shopping bag
* full of hardware. She took it off to her
own private corner of the house and went
to work. ¦
The work was very slow and the fail
ures were many, and In the end, or
rather, long before the , end, the family
found out what she was doing. She had
to fate a torrent of questioning then and
no- end : . of "jollying," but she smiled in
the consented little way that she has, for
she always believed .that it Is effort
wasted to be angry. She kept ori with her
hammering and screwing and fitting.
Days and 'days and days went by be
fore she could see light ahead. The tools
perplexed her. The parts of a mechanism
were Greek to her.
She simply kept on. She learned what'
• ! securing pins ] are and the use of them.
Ehe learned , spindles and tumblers and
latchbolts. Gradually the lock began to
shape Itself. .
Then came that tantalizing, period when
the Inventor suffers all the fine tortures
of the will-o'-the-wisp's victim. Every
laughed at her. He said the thing could
A second one showed less sense of hu
mor, but he firmly refused to undertake
an impossibility.
Then she went to work to make the
model herself. She proved that It could
be done. Her box was a success.
She sent it off express haste to Wash
ington and, after all the delays that the
model makers had caused, it arrived just
one day after the competition closed.
That Is not the end of the story,
though.
She put away the box and kept it seven
years. Then it came of use, to prove that
the proverb knows what it is talking
abotft.
Seven years after the time that it was
completed, when she had almost forgot
ten it, a letter came to her. This letter
was from a Philadelphia firm. The firm
explained that they had applied for a let
ter box patent and found that it infringed
upon one taken out by Mrs. Ada Van Pelt
of Oakland. Would Mrs. Van Pelt join
forces with them or sell them her rights?
The box had found its use at last.
She sold it to the firm for a rousing
good price and they have combined its
advantages with those of their own.
The crew of the Oakland ferryboats
know her. Where the sign "No admit
tance" frowns from the door of the en
gine-room she is privileged to pass. She
spends hours in that room, studying the
wonderful machinery to which are en
trusted all the thousands of lives that
the boats carry daily. The engineers and
all the assistants know her, and they are
always delighted when they see her com
ing and they are ready and willing to an
swer all her questions and explain to her
every part of the machinery. '
"It'Si*ecause she doesn't ask fool ques
tions like most women," one of them
said. "Not but that she's womanly— why.
she's a lady, she la— but she knows about
things some way and she asks questions
that show that, like a man would."
In time it came about that she invented
a device to take the* place of steam In the
engine. It has been tested on small boats
with success.
Her oil burner Is the newest toy that
she has built and consequently it is her
greatest interest at present: Its comple
tion—the day on .which she carried it.
flaming to the .family and cried joyfully,
"It burns. It burns!"— was just ten months
from the time when she had begun work
on It. During that time she had worked
days and nights— far Into the night some
times. Her workshop often showed a light
from her midnight oil until 2 or 3 o'clock
in the morning. She had experimented
over and over again with the ventilator
in her efforts to ascertain the correct
number of hole's for it— one too many or
one too few ruined it. The spreader was
slow in being perfected. Her wagon was
hitched to a star and It was hard getting
near the star. She had set out to produce
an oil heater that had neither odor, smoke
nor noise; one that should consume less oil
than any other, because of complete com
bustion and one that should be clogged by
no formation of carbon. It was not a par
ticularly modest ambition.
According to the story of her heater it
does not pay to be honest. She was bump
tiously ambitious and she has finished her
work with the result that a Standard Oil
expert tells her that she has succeeded.
Mrs. Van Pelt has not spent twenty
years of her life at invention without hav
ing the perpetual motion bee in her bon
net. Once she almost accomplished her
end. like all the rest of them, but when
she found that she could get no nearer
than almost she gave up with much grace
and more wisdom and set to work at less
ambitious devices.
When she becomes thoroughly absorbed
In the working out of an invention she is
merciless to herself. She works without
eating or sleeping for long stretches; in
fact, she says sho forgets all about these
little matters when she Is thoroughly
absorbed at her work benah.
"And then when I go to my meals I
keep thinking about my scheme all the
time, and when I go to sleep I keep
dreaming about it. Sometimes I dream,
out the very thing that has been puzzling
me through the day. Once the secret
that I was after came to me In a dream
and I awoke and followed out the clew
and completed the device that I was
working: on."
And yet she Is the last woman In the
world that you would call a dreamer.
She is a gentle woman, with silky white
hair and a queenly carriage. She is full
of reserve force; her manner Is extremely
quiet, her energy is all held in the back
ground. She is entirely what the man
In the engine room calls her— "womanly."
"Some people think it is not exactly
ladylike to work with a hammer and
wrench," she said In the sweetest of
voices. "So I wish that if you are going
to publish a picture of me In" my work
shop you would put along with It another
one— « picture of me in another costume.
I want it to be a ladylike costume."
So Mrs. Van Pelt of the canvas apron
transformed herself into Mrs. Van Pelt
of the splendid silk robe and the two of
her are on this page, side by side. But I
defy any observer to discover which one
la not "ladylike."
morning she awoke with a new hope,
founded on a new Idea. By night she had
found a flaw in the scheme and had to
throw it away and begin all over next
day. - .
. Just because she kept on where the
other nine hundred and ninety-nine would
have given up, she succeeded. In the end
BhV showed her family a lock that worked.
It was a combination lock of thirty
thousand changes. And it had only seven
parts.
That is one of her boasts — that her ma
chinery is so simple, it always consists of
¦o few, parts. The .wonder of it is not its
complexity, but its simplicity.
On' the proud day that the lock was
found to work it was put on a letter
box and It turned fascinatingly' at the
mystic combination. By the next day the
novelty had worn off "and she was ready
for the next step— the patenting of her
device.
It was a triumphant moment when sho
knew that her lock was patented and that
the manufacture of it might commence.
Since that time eight thousand of the
little locks have been put in Government
postoffices within one year. It must be
a very nice sensation to see one's own in
vention attached to letter boxes in every
State in the Union. .
Mrs. Van Pelt would have been less
than human if she had not wanted to in
vent everything that the world needed
after striking twelve the first time. How
ever, the wanting to would have been
enough for some people. It. wasn't for
her. She went about the doing.
Pcstofftce needs naturally attracted her
most, and the invention of two letter
boxes was the result. One was for pri
vate houses and one for large business
houses. The one shown in the picture is
the bigger; as with other mothers and
offspring, her pride is its teeth. She will
explain to you in the most technical of
terms, which she -has acquired since her
first day in the workshop, how these
teeth prevent any one from taking out the
letters after once they have slipped down
to their proper position.
In the making of the other box she
turned loose her feminine love of beauty.
She made it so .pretty a little affair that
nobody could object to it on a front door.
She had It painted with dapper little bor
ders. It worked like a charm.
•Not until she had gone through many
tribulations, though. The Inspiration of
the letter-box was an offer made by Wan
amaker when he was Postmaster General.
He saw the need of a perfect house let
ter-box and he made an offer for de
signs. Mrs. Van Pelt set to work.-
She realized that springs are the most
troublesome part of a mechanism, the
part that Is most often out of order. She
determined, therefore, that her box should
have nothing to do with springs. She was
going to make gravity take their place.
When she explained her developed
scheme to a famous model maker h»
Has Taught 5 W^Ced Mechanics I
SeVgr-aT TrickS cF th€ Tead^
That. w$r-e New to Them. "
"I ] want that ' , thing that you ; screw
with," she said, pointing to one imple
ment, "and I want something .that will
take hold, eo.'V She illustrated with two
fingers " on the edge [ of j the. counter. .'. The
hardware man understood and he depart-
She .hadn't the slightest idea what any
of them were called but she knew what
she wanted to do with 'them. So she
looked around the shop and- picked them
out, and what she . didn't see she asked
for. ¦ . • . ,
"I can't set my letter because Pveleft
my key In my other pocket-book." •
"Dropped my key in the mud and I
can't find it."
"Somebody must have stolen my key.
I never mislay It."
And in the end somebody behind .the
window had to go to the lock box and
get out 'the mail and there had to be a
new key made.
"People ought to be chained to their
letter-box keys," said the postmaster at
heme.
Then his wif*e inquired into the matter
and was told of the chronic trouble.
"There should be a lock without a
key," she said. She said it as she says
everything, in a quiet little way that you
think doesn't mean anything until you
know her.
Her husband laughed casually. "The
thing is to get it," he said. |
She was through discussing the subject
for the time. She believes in doing things
instead of talking about them.
The one thing in her mind at that mo
ment was the idea that she would invent
that lock.
Ehe didn't know the first thing' about
machinery in a technical way. But she"
had observed. She knew something about
locks because she had a good wholesoma
curiosity about the fearfu^l and wonderful
making of useful things. She set herself
to invent a combination that could be
used for so simple and' small a thing as
a letter-box. •
She didn't want to tell the family about
her scheme until it was mature, for she
vas pretty sure that they would laugh
at her. So she stole out secretly to a
hardware shop ard laid in a store of
tool*.
By SARAH COMSTOCK.
UP to now a woman has been at the
bottom of everything except me
chanical Inventions. You might
have thought that there was ons
pie that she could keep her finger
out of. But no.
She la Inventing at last. Furthermore,
ehe Is patenting. Still furthermore, she is
selling: the things she patents. Now. if
men can prove any further good reason
for his being, let him speak up In a
hurry.
A San Francisco woman Is hammering,
eawing, screwing and monkey-wrenching
in her own little workshop day in and
day out. She is burning the midnight oil
over her labors. She is turning out me
chanical devices that men have to treat
reepectfully, no matter what they want
to do. She is making money.
A great many of you know Mrs. Ada
Van Pelt, but bow many of you know
that she is a successful inventor? She is
so qu5et about it all that half of her
friends never dream that "Van Pelt's
permutation lock" and "the Vanguard oil
turner" have anything to do with her.
"While all the time they ire owing her
their entire existence.
Twenty years ago she started on her
mechanical career.- For all those twenty
years, in spite of ridicule, id spite of fai-I
ures, in spite of Invalidism, she has stuck
to her determination to be a successful
mechanic. In that time she has taken
out five patents.
It was slnw work from -the start. She
never had so much as one lesson in me
chanics in her life. She had to work our
for herself the use of every tool and
every part of a machine. When she.be
gran she did not know even the names of
the common tools.
She made her first invention In the way
that it is said all good inventions are
made — because she saw a need for a de
vice., not because ehe set out to invent.
Patent people say that the amateur in
the one who invents what Is worth while.
When Mrs. Van Pelt liyed in lincoln,
Nebr., a score of years ago, her husband
was Postmaster. In his position he came
to notice the fact that the most of the
world loses its letter box key. People
were forever coming to the window of
the postoffice with a grievance.
M^s. Qda Van
P^Tt oF
San PVar,CYSc<V
Who Has
Pasfvcn<d Many
StyanSe
Dsvrcgs F^om
Patent tetter
1 So^§s to an
at
P^pgtUaT Motion
THE SX^DAY CAJL&
5
WOMEN
INVENTOR"I have not seen the Rev. Mr. Gibson
for some time, but as I remember him he
Is a man weighing about 170 pounds, and
W. S. BABNES, ATTORNEY.
J. D. THOMPSON,
President Board of Trustees.
"You want a description of Mr. Gibson?
Well, all the name I know him by is the
Rev. J. George Gibson. I couldn't tell you
what color his eyes are, though I have
looked into them many times.
"He has a medium forehead, and the
hair is beginning to leave it, but he is not
what you would call bald. His com
plexion is rather florid, and his hair has
been black, but Is now sprinkled with
gray. He wears a mustache. One hun
dred and eighty-five pounds is what I
wuold write down as his weight. He has
a round face, decorated with a mus
tache. He must be about 5 feet 7
Inches in height, and about 45 years old.
He has several noticeable scars on his
neck, on the left side.
"About his dress? Well, he wears spec
tacles, and I have seen him wear a gold
ring occasionally. He has a gold watch
and chain, but he never displays it. When
he is at home he generally wears a short
coat or Jacket, and on the street a Prince
Albert coat with a soft hat.
"He has hands a little below medium
Bize. They are not big hands, and his
feet are email also.- He uses them well
In a rather stately walk. He walks as
though he thought himself as good as
the Prince of Wales or any one else.
"He Is a Scotchman by birth, though I
think he was raised in London. A strong,
resonant voice, of which he does not use
the full strength in conversation, is one
of his marked characteristics, or physical
features.
"Your first Impression of the man In
meeting would be that he is distant
and reserved in manner, but after know
ing him you do not find him so. He's a
good man all around."
A. B. VOGEX,"
Trustee Emmanuel Baptist Church.
Mr. Vogel had the assistance of bis wife'
In describing Mr. Gibson, but these are
tbe conclusions be finally arrived at:
"The Rev. J. George Gibson Is "very
straight, and he has what you might call
a marching walk. He's stout too."—
"Yes." broke in Mrs. .Vogel. ,"he must
¦weigh 190 pounds. He has a great way of
running his hand through his hair," she
¦went on.— "Well, his hair's auburn or red
riish brown," said Mr. Vogel, "and he's
getting bald, but you wouldn't take him
lor bald; It's Just a little place about the
-tize of a silver dollar.
"I should take him for 40 years old, and
Let me see. he must weigh 190 pounds,
if not more; he's pretty stout. And I've
always noticed that for a man of his size
he has a very small foot. I should not
Judge that he wore more than a 6 or C'i
ehoe. He always writes his name \T
George Gibson.' His brown hair is a very
little pay. He's not bald, but he's get
ting there.
"His age must be somewhere about 40
?, r •£ yVF'&V 1 *'* *" ot 6 feet 10 lnch «»
lu height. He has a very nice, fair com
plexion. Like his feet, he has small hands.
He has the blue eyes of Scotland, where
he was born. He wears a mustache, and
once in a while he wears eyeglasses. His
face is round and full. . .
"On his neck there are three scars, one
on the left side and two on the right. A
clerical coat, with a turn-down collar is
always part of his dress. He wears one
little ring and a watch and chain.- His
voice is clear and distinct and you can
always hear him when he speaks. He
has a quick walk and no mannerisms that
Mrs. Edward Kennedy looked somewhat
aghast when asked to give a description
pi her pastor. Then sBe sat down and
thought a moment
MBS. EDWARD KENNEDY.
' "I have been going to Mr. Gibson's
church for nearly ¦ twenty years, and as
to his name, I am sure that he signs him
self J. George Gibson; what the J: is for
I cannot say. '
"His age? Well, now, that Is a hard
thing to judge about a man, but I should
think he was between 40 and 50 years old,
but I can't tell just where to draw- the
line. I should call him. rather robust than
tall, but he must be 5 feet 7 inches in
height. I have no idea as to his -weight,
but he is pretty solid. I believe he is of
English birth. v
"He has dark blue eyes, and his hair
is auite a dark brown, with no gray as
yet, or at least I have never noticed any.
Baldness is still awaiting him.- He has a
round face with a medium high forehead,
and a very small mouth. In fact, all his
features are small. He has no scars that I
know of. - . ¦
"For a' man of his size he -has 'very
small hands and feet. His voice is a most
agreeable one, and his bearing is very
erect and dignified. His dress is strictly
clerical always, and the only Jewelry I
ever saw him wear is one plain ring. One
of his most striking characteristics is that
he Is quite reserved in manner. I think
he rather unbends, though when he is
with his class of young men, who are all
very fond of him. His reticence may
have been cultivated, but he Is certainly
quite reserved." ' -
MRS. M. L. WORTH.
I know Is that he's the Rev.' J. George
Gibson— oh, yes. and be sure to say he's
an Englishman." -
MBS. J. A» TVTF,AT)E.
"He's not handsome, but he's nice
looking," said this enthusiastic admirer,
who felt that her years Justified frank
ness.
"He is stout. I should think he'd
weigh 180 pounds. y
"He's erect and he just walks like
this"— and Mrs. Meade straightened the
shoulders that are rounding some with !
age, and stepped across the room with a
quick, firm tread.
"I've heard people say, 'Just look at
Mr. Gibson, what a walk he's got/ and
I always say, 'Yes, he walks Just like Mr
Gibson." .
"His face is round and a little florid
I can't tell you much about his jnoutii
because he wears a mustache. I think
he has what I'd call a gray-blue eye
"He's very plain looking. You don't
see him with any gew-gaws or anything
like that. If he wears any Jewelry you
never see It. He wears a long coat be
low the knee: and on the platform he
generally wears it buttoned clear ud
showing only *• collar with little turn
down ends, and a little of the necktie—
always the same necktie, made of M^r ¦
seilles, tied with a knot and the ends
hanging down. At evening meetings he
generally shows a little more of th«\»hit»
necktie., but I like him best when l hi? '
coat's buttoned up. , aia
v' H L s n ? me A J> Ge T or &e Gibson, but
whether it's John or James or Jacob T
don't know. I think he's English, and do
you want to know what else I tnink'
Well. I think he's Just lovely f and he's a
happy, good man." j.auunesa
EDITH STONeT"
She was a shy little- miss, but she roes
to Sunday-school and she likes Mr! Gio-
I know of except that he Is very re
served. When he calls here, which he
does not do very often, conversation often
languishes after the first remarks, for I
am a rather.quiet person myself."
about 6 feet 10 inches in height His
name , as he writes it I believe • ia J.
George Gibson. ,. - »
"His eyes are of a - bluish gray, while
his hair is dark brown, curly, , and worn
a little long at the ends. He has" a mus
tache, .which - is worn , trimmed short. He
has a round face with a pleasant expres
sion; and he smiles a great deal. I never
noticed "any scars on his face or neck. ¦•¦
"In his voice, which is of the middle
register in tone, is the. suggestion of a
Scotch accent, and I think he was edu
cated at St. Andrew's in Edinburgh.; He
has no suggestion of baldness yet. . His
hands are rather large and. bony. I never
noticed that he wore any Jewelry, but his
clothes are always strictly clerical- in
cut. which struck me as being: rather
unusual among . Baptist clergymen."
RAYMOND HENRY/
Mr. Gibson has a penchant for boys,
One of his boys is Raymond Henry. Ray
mond is in the pastor's class at Sunday
school, T he pumps - the organ, goes . with
Mr. Gibson on long walks and to the
baths; in fact, they are close friends for
boy and man. .
"I should think that he was about mid
dle size," says this boy,, "about 5 feet
11 and pretty stout for his size. He has
a short mustache of ' a kind of reddish
brown. He is kind o' bald on top of his
head - and around the edges his hair is
thick and kind q' black. ' , ,
"He don't wear any -Jewelry except a
gold ring • and a plain watch, which he
generally, keeps hidden by having his coat
buttoned. /-:¦¦'¦'.
"His eyes are— I Son't believe ' I know
the color, '-but they're medium size. He
has some scarB on the right hand lower
part of the face.:; ¦&;
. "He . has pretty nice hands for a man,
and his feet are about the size they ought
to be -for one of his build.! He is a
Scotchman, and he always wears black
clothes that fit him pretty good— a long
coat. I don't know what you call it; and
when he's out he generally wears an
overcoat with a cape on it. and the. cape
is always thrown back over his should
ers. ; .
MISS LOTTIE J. X7NDERHHX,
Organist at Emmanuel- Church.
"Well, I should say he is not so very
tall and pretty stout," said the young
woman who plays the organ at Emmanuel:
Church. ¦ Mr. Gibson has made his home
with the Underhills for several years,
formerly boarded with Mrs. Un
aerhill b mother, to whose house he came
immediately on his arrival in California.
• We have known ; him so long," she
continued, "that I ought to be able to
describe him. yet I don't believe I know
the color of his eyes. They are rather
large and he wears glasses, sometimes
nose glasses and sometimes spectacles-..
- I should say he is rather stout in the
face. His mustacho Is light and kind of
h * av 7' hia hair black on the sides
of his head, and he's a little bald on
top. ¦•¦¦ . ' .
"Yes. I've noticed, his hands. They are
small and shapely, and he wears a heavy
gold_ band, ring on the third finger of—
no, r don't know which hand it Is; but
the ring was his mother's. His feet I
should call ordinary for a man of his
size, but you ought to see him walk.
He is straight as an arrow and quick In
his movements, like a man that means
business.
"He doesn't wear any. other Jewelry but
the ring. He^carries a silver watch with
a black bead chain that looks lik<» a
rosary. •' . , . . "¦
• "He always dresses the : same, and he's
very particular, too. He wears a cleri
cal tie— a white four-in-hand and a
standing ' collar. ¦ •¦•• • .
that's everything I know
about his looks, and as for his name all
The ;Rev< John s^oi-geSTbson
He wears a black coat and sometimes
a ring. He has a watch and chain, but he
never shows it. He's a Scotchman, but
he has no brogue at all. His walk Is a
quick one, and his hands are small. As
a singer he has a fine barytone voice, and
he Is always very pleasant whenever any
body meets him. 11 ' *
ulTti 8 ; OK UlU i, the °J s ? n in the Emmanuel
Baptist Church, and I have attended ser
f?,H*™- e for ™ an y y^rs. I believe the
full name, of the minister Is George J
Gibson. He is 45 years old, to guess at
«'. a £ d . must welgh about 170 pounds
His height, I should Judge, is 5 feet 9
inches.
w"^ S *«%? are Hght gray ' and hIs hair
black, with no gray in it. He is not bald
except the little spot on top that most of
us have. He wears spectacles. He has a
round faVe, light complexion, a high fore
head and has a scar on the left side of tu e
FRED BERGSTROM,
Organ-Builder.
Fourteen years ago J. Oeorgo Gibson
went to board with Mrs. Moore at Chlco.
and he has been In the family almost con
tinuously since that time. Mrs. Moor*
is the moat prominent member of Em
manuel Church, is president of the Ladles'
Aid Society and from Ions association
with the pastor In his home life and
church work she Is able to give a very
accurate description of the man. .
"Why. I always call him one of my*
boys," said this venerable parishioner Jk
"and I ought to know what he looks Ilk*;
"I should say he's five feet something,
perhaps eisht or nine, and weighs 175. I
don't believe anybody knows his age for
sure, but I think he is about 45.
"He has a pretty round face and his
eyes are kind o' gray and middlln' large
and keen. It's a kind eye, I tell you, and
he wears glasses. I know he has a nose,
' but It Isn't, a nose that would be any
particular attraction. It's Just a nice
looking face, nose and alV There's a
mark on his neck that most everybody
notices.
"His mustache Is a kind o' light color
and his hair's dark. Let's see— no, ho
ain't bald. I wouldn't say he's bald, but
there Is a little spot there that you can
hardly see. He parts his hair mostly in
the middle now, just a little to one side.
"He has small feet and small hands
pretty hands, too, they are. I know his
feet are small because he always gives
me his old shoes to glye away to poor
folks and they are small for them.
"He wears a clerical coat and on Sun
day he always wears It buttoned up so
nothing shows but a little of his collar
and cuffs. He wears a standing collar.
"He wears Just a common soft hat — no
plugs and no stiff hats. On the street he
wears a cape overcoat and the cape i3
always thrown back.
"He wears one ring, a plain gold band.
Yes, and he carries a watch on a black
chain he brought from tbe old country. -
The watch is a gold one the church peo
ple gave him. We gave him a gold watch
and chain, but he said he couldn't wear
the chain, for he's very. modest, but he's*
got It all the same.
"His name is John George Gibson. Amer
ican? Oh, no; he's Scotch."
MRS. R. W. MOORE.
"His eyes are light, not black nor blue
say gray. He has a fair complexion,
brown hair with no gray in it, and he is
not bald. He has an open countenance,
with a high forehead, and he does not
wear glasses. On his right cheek or neck
there is a scar. His voice is a fine one
and he has a good large mouth. He is
a. very good singer, and when it comes to
a funeral sermon I think he is as line
a preacher as I ever heard.
"You will always see him in black
clothes and generally a frock coat, with
a kind of a cloak overcoat. I don't think
he wears any Jewelry except perhaps a
small watch chain. He is an Englishman*
%? d £.£ hlnk he sidled with Spurgeon
Mr. Gibson would strike *any one. as a
pleasant, Jovial kind of a man "
"My wife and daughters attend Emman
uel Baptist Church more frequently than
I, and if they were here could give you
a good description of the Rev. George J.
Gibson. I should say myself, that he
weighs 160 pounds, is about- 40 years of
age, and 5 feet 7 inches tall.
JOSEPH STEVENS.
"To begin with, he's short and stout
though I couldn't give it In feet and
pounds. He has light eyes, but I don't
know the color. He's beginning to be
bald, but he combs his hair over the bald
spot so it hardly shows. His mustache Is
dark brown, about the color of his hair.
"I guess he's about 45. When he speaks
his voice is not light, but quite a good
voice; he sings barytone. If you heard
him preach or talk you would see that his
voice Is very expressive., that there is
¦much in the way he says a thing.
"He doesn't wear any jewelry at all ex-j
cept a plain gold ring, I think on the lefc
hand. I know he generally takes It off
when he preaches. He wears a watch
too, but you don't see it as a general
thing, for he ke^ps his coat fastened.
"You see I'm not very good at describing
any one. Shall I get his picture to teil
you how he dresses? No? Well ho
dresses like a minister, and always the
s&me, with a white tie, and he wears a
soft hat generally.
"He walks very independently, and I
think he's Scotch, though he lived most
of his time in England. Hla name Is John
George Gibson, but he always signs him
self *J- George Gibson.'
"That's about all, except his hands. I
have always admired his hands. He has
quite a pretty hand, not very big. It isn't
exactly a woman's hand: It is more
strong and capable, but quite as shapely.
And his feet are rather shapely, too I
think.
"If you'd wait till I get his picture. I
could tell you exactly what he looks like
That isn't the idea? Well, then, I'll see
If 1 can describe him, though I don't
notice people's features as much as I do
their bearing-.
MISS GKACE FELKEB,
Leader Intermediate Society.
"The Rev. Mr. Gibson must be about 15
years old, and 1 should think his weight
was about ISO pounds. His height? I
should think he was about 5 feet 8 inches
On the side of his neck there is a slight
scar. I cannot describe his dress otner
than that it is ministerial in style and
quiet. He has a fine deep voice and a
consequential walk.
• "I believe he was born in Scotland and
educated in England. His manner is not
a social one in meeting him casually, but
ruthcr dignified and reserved."
* ;
SIRS. T. BEBBY.
"Well, Mr. Gibson is what I should call
a good preacher, and 1 think his fu.i
name is John Georfee Gibson.- He has
gray eyes and wears spectacles. His hair
is brown and- he is getting a little bald,
he has a mustache.
H. C. STEWART,
Janitor Emmanuel Baptist Church.
In a little bit of a house set way back
in a yard full of flowers out on Ca-jp
street lives the janitor of the Rev. Mr.
GibsoVs church. He is a bache or, and
as neat a housekeeper as you would find
in a day's journey.
"Well, I've only been here two years,"
he said, "but in all that time I have al
ways found the Rev. J. George Gibson
the same, day in and day out. I think
he is about 40 years old, but he may b«
45. He's deceiving in that respect. He
must weigh about 160 pounds, and he
must be 5 feet 8 inches tall.
"His eyes? Well, I've never noticed
them, but I think they're blue. His hair
is kind of brown, with a little gray, and
he is a very little bald on the t;p of his
head. His face is rather full, and he has
a medium good forehead. His nose is
' medium, but he has a pretty good sized
mouth.
"I have noticed a scar on the s#9e of
his neck, I think on the left, but you
wouldn't notice it at a distance. Oh yes,
he has a mustache and he wears spec
tacles, but only for reading.
"Straight, quick military step, and head
up all the time, is the way he walks.
"He has small hands and feet for a man
of his size. I never saw him wear any
Jewelry but a plain ring on his little
finger, and he never wears that In the
pulpit
"He almost always wears a cape over
coat, and a Prince Albert coat on the
6treet. I think he's English. He has a
good, strong- voice. He's what you'd call
a self-possessed man; he g'oes along and
you'd never think that he noticed any
thing, but he takes it all in."
"He wears eyeglasses once in a while, '
1-ut in Mrs. Vqgx-.. "and he wears a ring
on his third finger, and it may have a.
wnall set in it."
"About his clothes?" said Mr. Vogol;
"he wears always a cierical, closed coat
and a soft hat. He is a line singer and
lias a good barytone voice.* When he
speaks you can hear him in the last seat
in the church. I think he was born in
F.dlnborough, Scotland, and later gradu
ated under Spurgeon. Oh. yes, he wears
an overcoat with a cape, and I think
that's about as good a description as we
can Kive of him."
lies about 5 foot 9 inches in height. He
has a round face, medium high iorehc-ad
iii.o prominent . Ecaxs on his throat and
cl:ir.."
7 HE Rev. Mr. Gibson's full name and correctly spelled
is John. George Gibson. He is 45 years old, 5 feet 7^2
inches tall and weighs 180 pounds. His eyes are blue.
His hair was a very dark brown, but is slightly sprinkled
with white now. He is not bald, but his hair is getting thin
on top and over the temples. He has a very heavy sandy
mustache. There are y noticeable scars which extend almost
about his throat, but his hands arcfree from them. His face
is round, forehead medium, heavy eyebrows and a slightly re
ceding chin. His dress is that of a clergyman, but different
from the majority in that the frock coat is much longer than
the ordinary. He wears a white pique four-in-hand tie. The
only jewelry that he wears is a watch held in place by a
black bead chain, a tiny King's Daughter cross, and occa
sionally a plain gold ring. His hands are quite small, taking
a jV± glove. His carriage is erect, and he takes short, quick
steps. The peculiarity that would be noticed by a casual ac
quaintance is his English accent, and his glasses uave a very
thick lens. He is a Scotchman, but was reared in England.
¦-¦--'.¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦. ¦¦¦ - ¦ °.
ihe Rev. J. G. Gibson as He Really Is.
"He walks very erect, with a heavy
tread, and quick, short step3. He always
wears ministerial dress, with Ions frock
coat. His collar is just the ordinary kind,
but he wears a very broad white tie. | The
most distinctive feature of his dress is
his overcoat, which has a long cape that
comes down to his hands. I suppose
others have told you of this overcoat and
how he always wears the cape thrown
back. Another peculiar to him Is
that he rarely wears gloveg; he nearly
always carries a pair in his hand.
"He wears a black Fedora, size 7%, and
he nearly always wears the same style
shoe, without toe caps; the size, I think.
la 7. He has a small hand and once In a
while he puts on a plain gold ring, but not
often. I have only noticed him wear it
once or twice. He has no other Jewelry,
unless you call a watch jewelry. Hi3
watch chain is of black beads, with a lit
tle silver cross like the cros3 of the King's
Daughters' Society.
"I wouldn't care to say how old Mr.
Gibson is, but he is acotch and his name
Is J. George Gibson."
"His mustache is light brown, tinged
with gray, quite thick and stubby, and
his hair Is dark brown and gray mixed.
There Is a slight tendency to baldness,
but it's hardly noticeable. His hair is In
clined to be curly.
In the same house with Mr. Gibson and
sharing his apartments is Alfred E.
Wolff, the head usher of Emmanuel
Church. The young man Is In very close
touch with Mr. Gibson and this Is the
way he describes his friend:
"He is about 5 feet S and weighs
175. He has a round face and strong chin,
rather square, I think. His neck Is thick;
In fact, he's thickset all over. His nose
Is not prominent; his eyes are blue and
not. very large, and he wears glasses. His
eyebrows are rather dark.
The two girls agreed on his watch with
Its black-beaded chain; also on his hav
ing a medium-sized foot, rather nice
shaped hands and his ability to play the
organ and sins well.
"He always wears the regular costuma
of a minister, with long coat buttoned up
tight In front and always a white four
in-hand piaue tie.
"As to his name," said LJllla, "I only
know it's George, and I think that's all
he's got." /
"And he's English to,- 'the backbone,"
was the smaller one's last Item.
ALFRED E. WOLFF.
"No, his eyes are blue," Ruby corrected.
"A mustache? Yes, I guess he has."
ventured the older sister. "Of course he
has." added the younger, "and his hair la
bushy."
"He -wears glasses."
"He has a round face."
"His nose isn't pointed, but IVn
straight."
"His face always, loolcs pleasant."
Thus far they agre d, and then came a
difference of 'opinion as to which Is hia
ring finger, the third or fourth, with a
final decision on the third finger, the rlns
being a plain heavy gold one.
LiUIe Bennett and her Bister. Ruby, go
regularly to Emmanuel Sunday-school
and they sea Mr. Gibson often, but they
do not agree as to his looks.
"He's about 5 feet 8, I gue3s." said Lil-
He, "and he's quite stout; weighs about
250. I should think."
"Oh. no," protested Ruby, "not that
much, about 190."
"He is dark complected and bald-head
ed, and his eyes, I think they are dark
brown."
UIXIE BENNETT,
Sunday-School Scholar.
/?=o AN you describe your pastor correctly P There are fev7 people whoso
(( picture should be more strong 1 y impressed upon your memory than
his. In the spiritual and temporal lires of most people their cler
gyman is indissolubly connected with many of the most important hap
penings of their careers. Ee it is who at the altar performed the rites
that made two people happy, and be it is also who speaks for us the last
pad words of farewell to those we love. Surely the mind and memory
should always be able to*recall a perfect image of his personality.
Take our pencil and sit down &nd see how many personal charac
teristics and features of your pastor you can recall correctly. Then read
the article below and find how well the congregation of the Emmanuel
Baptist Church describe their pastor, the Rev. J. George Gibson. The
people giving these impressions were selected from young and old
among the minister's acquaintances emd friends, many being compara
itively new comers to the congregation, while others have been under
the Rev. Mr. Gibson's guidance for years. The children, too, have- a
Land in this observation test, and the observations show , a degree "of
accuracy that older people would doiheir observations show a degree, of
art. The women are good hands ganerally at describing their spiritual
leaders, probably because they sse them so much oftener than the men
church-goers, and the ladies of the Emmanuel Baptist congregation are'
no exception to the rule. Strange r.s it may seem in describing a per
scn the one particular feature on which the elect seem to be dubious is
the eye. Therein is conveyed a suggestion to every one to cultivate a
directness of glance, particularly in conversation. Another stick
ing point seems to be the apparel of the party described. To mark these
details more fully is good practic for the observer. If you know the
Rev. J. George Gibson write out your can description of him before read- .
irg this article and then see how nearly the result of your own observa
tion test tallies with, the description of him as he really is, and witii
those of his friends who are sure tney could describe him perfectly.
You. will be surprised at the composite picture secured.
son and she knows pretty well what h«
looks like. She tells It with a pretty,
childish lisp, her eyes brightening as she
talks.
"He's straight, very straight." and he
walks straight and fast, too, like a man
In a hurry.
"His eyes are gray, I think; he has a
light mustache and dark hair, and he is a
little bit bald. He has not a very long
face, and he is always smiling. He has
small hands and his feet are just medium
feet. I know he wears one plain ring. I
think on his left hand. Yes, he carries a
watch on a little black bead chain.
''He wears a black Prince Albert coat."
said the little maid with great precision.
And he -wears a white necktie and when
ne s out of doors he wears a soft hat, and
I think his name's George Gibson."
Try a Description
and See How Near
Right You Come.
Here Is a flemory
Test That Cannot
Fail to Interest.
Can You Describe Your Best Friend so that the
Police Would Know Him?
THE SUJ^D^IT CALL;
6THE latest instructor at the Univer
sity of California. 1? a Yuki Indian..
He is a live Jr<Mrirt and a fujl
bjcode<3 «no. H<= I? a ful?-s:r~>-vn
YuHl. who csp rieclw hlmrelf H a.
handirlfpf feather «H:s=ter avd r^". v e V-n
solf et home In the costume. I**veTthe-
Icfs It Droved that he ccu'd teach the
University pr -f^Fsors a thins or two.
He may be called a no'i-resldent in
structor, for hit? home Is ;<* :l?e Rcun-l
Valley Reset v-"t If n. and he completed his
course cf in i. - »:rt:on at Berkeley in two
weeks. He merely made a flying: visit for
the purpose of netting the Department of
Anthrcprtlopy right abort 3ume matters
that It did not understand.
Those matters were the ifi^ends. sang.-,
customs and Ia::r4"'ise -f tV.e Yuki tribe.
Ralph Modr<> Id the only youn;j member
of his tribe who thoroughly knows thse
things. The others have forgotten. They
are so much Americanized that the Yuki
language is alrr.o-t dead new. even In
the^e thirty years pince the reservation
was established. Cr.'y a few of the old
people keep it up: the ycur.g ones, even
the middle-aged ones, use our language
among themselves as well as with our
people.
The Drpartmen of Anthropology at
Berkeley is <;evct,rg' rr,::ch lime and la
bor nowadavs to thp s:n.h- <u' the Califor-
tribes have pome account of the begin
ning of the world, and of how man vTig-
Jna'ed. Very few of these stories have
.«»vor r-p«?n- recorded by white people. Gen
erally only a few okl Indians know them.
Vhe«=p ure airiest always very u»\v.iillng
to rprrnl tl-e history of ihe'.r tribe to
* stranrrr of a (afferent race. In a. few
capes where they may have been wRlt.n?
they have been unable to do so thorough'y
through ipabili'y to us-? English fluency.
It wa •: ascertained that among the
Yu'*!» ciiiy ore o!<i man knew the whole
legend of his tribe. From other Yukis
part of it could be lea:ned, but he alone
ccuiJ teach it comnletelv. But he was
unhhle to tell it in English! At this point
Eaiiii) Moore's services came into use
|t v a% arranged that lie- -uuuld lea^n
the legend, get it in letter perfect form
from the old man. then bring it to Berke
ley.
Night after night the two worked, at it
up there at the reservation. Moore went
to" the old man's home and listened to
him while he recounted the myth slowly
and laboriously. Over and over his pupil
was only water and mist, thus the earth
was invisible under the water. Things ex
isted, not." The statements from which
this is deduced run In this fashion.: "Hill
aatat yat'ei et Talkomol ixnk'op,* • and io
onto a great len&th. It Is fortunate that
the . scientists have.: taken the , matter in
hand and put it into shape for us, for the
original wotild never
make popular read
ing matter.;
This, long.^tory by
no means comprises
all the old lore of
the. Yukisi They
bave '-.". many tothtr
legends and myths,
some sad, some .hu
morous, some telling
of ancient events in
tribal history, som-3
resembling our fairy
tales in . character.
Many of these have
been recorded us
well as the creation
myth.
The recording of -
the songs- was very
much of a surprise
to Mr. Moore and a
surprise that did
entirely please
him. He had: never
looked a grapho
phone in the funnel
before, and it evi
dently struck him as
an undignified pro
ceeding to sing the
songs of his ances
tors into that horn. ¦
- I He did it, however,
although he rebelled.
- "I didn't come hei e
to talk ¦¦ into no
horn," he said aside.
"I come to teach -±9
professors."
But the songs were
¦ung and the. rec-^
ords have made
-them permanent. All
-kinds of chants they
are; songs that oc
cur In, the course of
the legends, songs of
joy and of sadness,
a new Testament,
so theirs also nils'
two parts. The sec
ond part, which is
ecjua.ly iong as tho
first, tells of Coyote.
When Ty-koh-niul
left the earth to live
in heaven -the world
was not completely
finished^ It was
dark, and besides
that there was no
tire to cook for.d
v.ith. Coyote, the
cunningest of an!
iaa.s, v. as at that
time in human
shape.
Fire, the sun and
the moon we re each
in tho possession of
different monsters or
evil people. Coyote,
after many dangers
and adventures, sue-
ceeded in sieaiing
all three. Thus . hs
made the wor.d light
and warm.
He made many
other improvements
and* reforms . 'n
the world which
Ty-koh-mul, the cre
ator, had left for
him to do. At !ast.
he was. transformed
into the - animal
coyote.
Literally trans
lated, the myth be
gins in this wise:
"All human \ beings
did not exist. Ty
koh-mul on the wa
ter created himself
from a feather in
the beginning. All
earth was not; there
...
Been
Teach the Use of
Their Curious
Legends of .the
Yukis and to
Preserving"
the Lore and
to Assist in
California
s'.ty of
Univer*
at th-
Ha^
and Ancient Relics
nla Indians. The scientists of the depart
ment make frequent excursions to the re
mote parts of the State where the Indians
make their headquarters. And they find
It cussed hard, even when on the fielB, to
get at any correct knowledge cf the tribes'
histories. Indians keep their mouths shut
to whites, either because they can't or
•won't speak.
"When they were at Round Valley last
fall they came upon this young fellow,
Ralph Moore, and they found that he was
different from the rest. He could talk
English and he likewise would. When
they were hunting relics, which are grow
ing sadly scarce, he helped them out in
their difficulties. They took him into
their confidence, he took them Into his,
and the upshot was that an agreement
was entered into. He was to come to
Berkeley later on to instruct them in the
lore and language of his tribe.
He has come and gone now. and the sci
entists across the bay are patting them
selves on the back and congratulating
themselves that the thing was a thcrough
success. Ralph Moore is likewise patting
himself on the back and rejoicing that
he la back at Round Valley, which he
never left before and never will a sain,
for the city made so much note.? that he
couldn't sleep one ni?rht of th«> fourteen
and the country is pood enough for him.
Go he congratulates himself, too, and the
affair is satisfactory all round.
The piece de resistance of the two
weeks' work was the recording of the
creation myth of the Yukis.
It seems that among th* Yuki tribe th*re
remains only one person that knows the
creation mvth of his people. All Indian
repeated it until he had It perfect. Then
lie covered it with his': best- hat, took tho
llendoclno stage and came to the univer
sity. .
Down here he devoted the most of hla
two weeks' time to relating and explain
ing this myth to the» anthropologists.
Much of the Yuki language was recorded
in this way: " •. •.
It was first' written in the Yuki .. lan
guage as told by the old man. Then it
was translated word for word into Eng
lish. Obscure passages were gone over
and explained. Songs occurred in the
course of* the story' and these were re
corded carefully. The result is that the
Yuki account of the creation is now re
corded in its totality and with nearly ab
solute accuracy. V '•. /
The Yukis call the god who created
them and all other Indians Ty-kah-mul."
At the beginning, the world was all. wat--:
and mist. Just as after the biblical flood,
there was no land. But Ty-koh-mul wa^
in existence. -• ' .. •
Firrt he made 'a- little land.. Then from
this he made the whole earth. After this
he made mankind and 'gave the peopfi.'
different languages. That is why no twri
tribe* epeak the sam« language.
Ty-kch-mui also made the mountains
sr:d rivers and lakes. He made many
< Ihcr things. At last he went up from
Ihe earth to heaven, where he is now.
This is the Indian story of the creation,
the book of Genesis. It is a long story.
As it was written down from- tho Up.? ol
the narrator it fills a hundred pages of
closely written manuscript.
The Yukis call tho story their Bible.
A:- our Bible has an Old Testament :m<l
HAND LOSES ITS CUNNING LONG BE
FORE THE MIND SHOWS AGE.
THE brain of a great man remains in
fine working order long af;er hie
hands, directed by that brain, have
lost their deftness. That is one of
the curious things of life. There are
plenty of instances of m«%i who have
reached the allotted age of life continuing
5n the activities of the world as long as
those activities are of tho brain and not of
the hand. But the mechanic's highest sk'.ll
is shown when he is between the ages of
30 and 40. Afte-r th« latter age the hand
loses its cunning, but if his brain has been
taught to work he can continue to labor
and may even .surpass the earning power
of his hand. After 49 the muscles do not
reEpond nearly as certainly and read
ily to the orders and the willingness of
the brain, and a man's handiwork begins
to fall off la its earning capacity. Yet in
the case of the brain it is only after 40
that it really begins its best work— the
Work that endures and is called famous
long after the man has ceased to be.
A good instance of the early death of
manual activity is seen in the button
trade. A skillful button-maker in his
prime, between 30 and 40 years of age.
can make $11 or $12 a week, being in ivory
an output each day on his lathe of 6240
buttons. When he gets to be 45 years old
if ho can make $6 or $7 a week he is lucky,
while twenty years later, even if he still
enjoys sound health and faculties, all he
can make is $5 a week. In his trade, of
course, one hand is used principally. In
farming or seafaring, or in some other
vocations in which the energy of the inus- |
cles is distributed' equally over the body,
the physical activity does not dwindle as
soon, and sometimes in these cases of
eq\ml development and use of the muscles
the physical being outlasts the mental,
but these exceptional cases are not those
of mechanics in these daya of .division of
labor.-New York Press.
He
Sang
the
Songs
of His
Tribe Into
the Myste
nous Gra=
phophone
That They
Might Be Per
petuated for the
Ears of White Hen
these in correct form, for they are rarely
known and still more rarely given to
outsiders. They are charms. which the
doctor was wont to use when examining
the patient, to aid him in locating the
disease.
It was a still bigger Achievement to get
tho poison songs on record, for these are
known by almost none of the- tribe and
are held as dark secrets. They are sup
posed to be as potent as the most deadly
pcison in making way with the one at
whom the dread incantation is directed.
' The love songs have a fascinating ca
dence. So. too, the hunting songs: they
are sung before starting on a hunt, for
luck. The fishing songs are used in a
similar way before /setting off for a sal
mon killing.
The teaching songs are for the purpose
of giving moral instruction. They teach
kindness, bravery, endurance and the rest
of the virtues.
Moore taught the scientists the use of
the relics which they had gathered with
much labor and have now preserved In
the university museum. They are by no
mums the same sort of Indian articles
that we see In the curio shops; the regu
lation blankets and beads and baskets
are rot prominent - among them. There
are rtre ornaments used in dances and
celel.ru lions — head dresses, feather adorn
ments, decorative ( bands.
The kop kolkut, or feather dress, is used
in the kop wok, which is the gorgeous
fe-ather. dance. It is shaped like an Im
mense cape to be thrown over the shoul
ders. The basis of the thing is a strong
net into which are woven turkey feath-
each bird can furnish only one feather
the labor of gathering material is Ions
and wearisome. j ...
Horns made of Ion? nullla tipped with
ornamental points aro fastened into the
net so that they tower above the head and
flare at both sides Not until these are in
place does the Yuki consider himself in
full evening dress..
Moore illustrated the use of the pack
net. The band attached to it passes over
the forehead, the net with its load hangs
at the back. Th,e making- of the head
l-and is a work of marvelous Ingenuity.
Tiny round, fiat beads are woven into it.
placed so that they will revolve. as the
band rubs against the forehead. This re
lieves the pressure that would come from
a flat surface drarrn tight over the head.
The deerskin blanket thrown over tha
shoulders is the only kind In use by' tho
Yukis. It was a blanket-of-all-work In
the days before the hand-me-downs, ap
peared on the- reservation. Xow.it is rel
egated in the' same way that our-grand
mother's cashmere shawl is— save that th»
modern Yuki has not enough reverence
to pack it away with mothballs.
Ralph Moore takes an immense prids
in making permanent the lore of his tribe.
But he is very glad that the job la done.
He prefers to brand cattle" and plow his
good native soli. The Yukis . have j ad
vanced a long way in one generation, ! but
they do' not yd take over kindly to an
thropology and .graphophones. .
In Georgia it is estimated that 30,000 ne
groes have been graduated, at a cost of
$100,000,u\a>, from colleges supported by
Northern money. -
QUEER ACTIONS OF BIRDS WHOSE
BRAINS HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
-T is a very common idea that if the
I brain of an animal is completely de
li stroyed it will die. or if it lives It re
main's in a comatose condition. An in
genious German has cut out some p'geona*
brains with care, given the wound time to
heal and shown that the. birds can run
about, fly, measure a distance, eat, go to
sleep in the dark, wake up with the light
and. In fine! do most of the things a
healthy! normal pigeon can do. Only mem
ory and the mating impulses are gone. It
Is possible to^ discriminate very neatly
between the reflex acts and those involv
ing some use of the memory. Thus a
brainless falcon was put in a cage with
some mice. -Every time a mouse moved
the falcon Jumped for it and caught it.
There the act ended. The normal falcon
eats its mouse. When its brain is gone it
pays no moro attention to its captured"
prey as soon as the mouse ceases to move.
These and a great. variety of other ex-
periments on rabbits, dogs, fishes and still
lower orders have shed a deal of light on
the obscure phenomena of "mental" ac
tion. With this have come very material
istic views. *For if the larger p"art of bod
ily actions can be shown to be nothing
more than simple mechanical responses
to appropriate stimuli, the suspicion
grows that the more intricate working of
the' brain is really only the result of %
highly complex arrangement of the same
automatic character. This, is, indeed, the
drift of present-day scientillc opinion; and
this : explains why the reactionaries, of
whom Professor Lombard appears from
the newspaper accounts, to be one, are
driven to- find "reason" in the kick of a
dead fros's leg. For the live frog dem
onstrates his disgust of science In pre
cisely the same fashion, and -this whether
he have a brain to think about it or has
had his thinkirtg apparatus cut out. Those
who are interested in such matters will
find, the latest results summed' up in Dr.
Jacques t.oeb's capital book on tbn...com
parative physiology of the brain. — Har-
songs ,of magic charm. The graphophone
will wheel them off in weird cadences long
after the last Yuki who knows them has
passed away.
Some are dancing songs. They are the
chant3 that the circle of dancers used to
keep up during one.. sometimes two- nights
of revelry. Nowadays the reservation
Indians dance in white man's style
waltzes and two steps that don't permit
you to sirg and that have no thri'l of ex
citement such as the old dances have. A
real Indian dance is a rare dissipation: it
takes place oniji when the agent order3
It for his own or his visitors' amuse
ment. This is usually on one of our holi
days, such as Christmas or the Fourth of
July, when work is laid aside on the
reservation, and the neighboring Con
cowb and Little Lakes join the Yukis in
celebrating.
Then the songs are heard, the same
that Moore has left in the graphophone.
The doctoring songs are very old— nun-'
dreds, ' perhaps thousands of years old,
and it was a big achievement to get
ers. They are netted closely so that they
overlap like scales.
The feather dance In which this Is worn
is a dancing match. Prizes are awarded
to the best dancer. ' More than the prizes
is the glory, dear to the vanity of the In
dian heart. But these competitions are
almost never seen nowadays, and most
cf the young Indians do not even know
the correct way of wearing the costumes,
they aro so used to striped shirts and
fedora hats.
One magnificent head dress was a pua
zle to the possessors of it until Moors
tasr.e upon the scene to explain that It
v,as neither a crest nor an ear tab, but a
decoration for the back of the- neck. It
i'.ppears to be the top of a feather duster
vith the handle removed. It is a hugo
ros>eite of turkey feathers which .13 fast
ened to the net ¦worn over the head by a
sort of skewer like the one that spits
your rcast of beef.
A band woven of the red -quills of wood
l'ecker feathers ia strapped across the
forehead so low that the diamond-shapeJ
black tlp3 shadow the eyes. Sometimes
this band is replaced by the woodpecker
feather head dress; this costs from twen
ty-five to fifty dollars, according to the
slie. It Is woven cf the brilliant copper
red crests of the woodpeckers, and as
THE SUNDAY; GALL, >
7
AN INDIAN WHO GAVE OUR COLLEGE
PROFESSORS
POINTERSTRJL Sins DAY CAL.L.
8For those to whom diamonds are com
mon as everyday there are novelties ga
lore. Milady In the picture, gowned for
the opera, carries a lorgnette whose han
dle of greenish gold is wrought in relief
figures, which form a background for an
emerald matrix of cabachon cut as big:
is a bird's egg. A few little diamonds
sprinkled about create* daintiness. ' The
chain worn with thla is a Jeweled one.
binoculars and the bags that so with
them.
Milady who goes for a drive, expect
ing to drop in at a reception or two and
drink tea with whoever happens to be
serving "tea that day, will • rummage
through n Jewel chest for^ something -not
too costly, not toq^ pla^n.' Thef^ Is ; "any
quantity of the betwlxts and . betweens
for her to beam through at her frlends^or
freeze her foes withal. There are han
dles of mother-of-pearl with a design
HOMER wrote of the long-haired
¦ Greeks by way of honorable dis
tinction.. Subsequently the Athen
ian cavalry and all Lacedaemo
nian soldiery wore long hair. The Par
thlans and ancient Persians wore long,
flowing * hair. The and ancient
Teutons considered long hair a mark of
high birth. The Goths looked on long
hair as a mark of honor and on short
hair as a mark of thralldom; so did the
Gauls, for which reason- Julius Caesar,
when ho subdued them, obliged them* to
¦ cut their hair short in token .of submls
' sion. In England Judges, the Speaker of
the House 'oj Commons and at one, time
the Bishops, wore long hair, while crim
inals and paupers wore short hair. On
the other hand Jewish priests during
their time of service had their hair 'cut
once a fortnight, and Roman slaves wore
their hair and beards long, but Bhaved
off their heads when manumitted. Sail
ors who escaped from shipwreck shaved
their heads as If manumitted from the
sea. In Ezeklel v:l there is mention of a
"barber's razor." with instructions to
"thou son* of man to cause It to pass
upon thine head and upon thy beard." .
Something About Hair.
Curious Naval. Customs.
fl™? FACT not generally known Is that
>O the black silk handkerchief which
fa \^ Jack knots around hl3 throat was
first worn as mourning for Nelson,
and has ever since been retained. The
three white stripes around the broad blue •
collar of the sailor's jumper commemornto
the victories of Trafalgar. Copenhagen
and the Nile. Thus, it has been remarked,
the Nelson legcn,d affects not only Jack'*
work, but his food and clothing as well.
The broad blue collar Itself Is older than
the great admiral. It was first • adopted
at that period when sailors plastered their
hair Into a stiff pigtail with grease ami
powder. At 9 o'clock *ach night the sen
try In every ship In harbor fires off hi*
rifle. For the origin of this custom we
may have to look back to the days of
Hint-locks. Then. In order to test th<»
I. riming and see th.it' hH weapon was In
usable condition, the sentry had to fire It
off each night. There Is no necessity for
such a test with modem rifles, but the 9
o'clock firing Is religiously carried out
Every officer or man climbing to th»
quarterdeck salutes. The origin of this
usage dates back a long way. When
England was a Roman Catholic country #
a crucifix stood on the quarterdeck of
all ships. Every time any one, of the crew
approached this holy symbol he crossed
himself. Out of that has grown the cus
tom of saluting the quarterdeck.— Family
Herald.
by a fleur-de-lis, or other outline -In,
ptBrts. . '.
Gun metal is the widow'u 'nolaer. Of
course it would never do for her to carry
any other, and It /would- he more than
too badfor her to lose her husband and
have to give up her lorgnette at the same
time; so gun metal is a godsend. How
ever, it is far too : fashionable to be
given over entirely to the somber-clad,
and the chains are often brightened by
combination with gold.
Five hundred dollars is not too much to
pay for a lorgnette, • nor a thousand for
the chain. This means a handle ex
quisitely wrought and studded with Jew
els, and a chain with diamonds in place
cf links at not too frequent intervals.
It should mean, too — oh, such an air.
As If. by her gracious consent the moon
and stars were permitted to beam or.
others; as If— but why stop to explain
the sort of an air that goes with diamond
baubles? Everybody knows it, whether
be has it or not.
AN Interesting account of an album
owned by the Queen of Greece, to
which many royal personages have
contributed, is given by a London
paper. Some of the opinions expressed
in the book are quite amusing. To the
question, "What 1b your idea of happi
ness?" the King of Greece replied: "Al
ways to have a sovereign without a
crown." The King of Sweden was asked
what wa* h!* conception of real unhap
jilnes?. nn<J answered that he caulti think
of nothing v.hd'o than tight »shoe»;. a corn
and a heavy foot on it. When Kdward
VII wan requited to reveal the person
ngainrt whom be bore the greatest
grudge. lie anKwrred, "The man who in
sists upon pointing hl» umbrella at me
and exclaiming. There he is!' " The Em
peror of Austria gave a. different answer
to thin query, and said he could think of
no person whom he disliked more than
the man whose customary greeting was,
"Good heavens, how old you do look!"
The Empress of Russia answered the
une question as follows: "For me there
Jj no person more disagreeable than the
woman who considers her children the
healthiest In the world and who looks
upon other children as being very/intelli
gent, but fearfully weak and delicate."
From a Queen's Album.
r*~r LORGNETTE Is, the smartest thin*
f j colnc— smarter even than a white
I 1 bull pup or the Du Barry »ob.
*» I The lorgnette Is perennially
X *mart. Other fads and modes
como and go. but the lorgnette we have
with us always.
This year, more than, ever, (the lorgnette
is its own excuse. You need not feign
near-sightedness, astigmatism or other
optical illusion of your own or the ocu
list.
Tou need not pretend even that there is
anything more than plain glass In your
lorgnette.
In fart, you can be honest this year—
If you care to. It is no longer considered
an affectation to carry one of the smart
trinkets; and since they are so freely and
frankly a fad, and the fad of this year.
many have become addicted to their use
who hitherto longed sfecretly but scorned
ctztwarfily to adopt theiw.
The lorgnette Is a weapon, for defense
and attack. With It you can guard your
Inmost thoughts one moment, and deal
them out with double effect the next.
Lorgnette In hand, the haughty one
presents such a frigid front that the very
marrow of your bones crackles with the
frost, and you ehlver for a week.
Lornette In hand, the winsome one Is
rurer of conquests when ehe practices
the art of coquetry.
To the graceful one this dainty, dan
gling bit of nonsense gives new grace.
To the plain or.e it gives an air of dis
tinction that never counts for naught.
And there are kinds and kinds of lorg
nettes; and still more kinds and kinds of
chains to wear thorn on.
If you would be modest, you may;- on
the street, you should.
For those who would and should be
xnodest there are the silver ones—every
thing from a plain little stem to wondei
ful designs in response. In these the
handles are perhaps a little longer than
In the more elaborate styles, which this
year are very short indeed. Nowhere
does one see the .long handles of u few
years ago. '
Then, too. there are the simple but
very smart handle* of tun metal. Korr.e
tlmes severely plain, sometimes relieved
i • .*. ¦ •
• '"¦¦¦¦• '•' • - • ' . '
One of the curiosities of Cuba Is a" Quak
er meeting house which_ has been erected
at Gibara, near Santiago. The congrega
tion of Friends Is said to numoer over 200.
picked but In tiny diamonds, or the dlf
fVrint gold oxidization* which take away
the shinyness of the yellow stuff;' Aid
;rlve ltsuch soft tints In green and' ru«.
And for chains there are strings of pearl
or perfectly matched coral, fine-linked
chains of gold studded with turquoise
matrix or large irregular pearls— in fact
It were easier to say what is not than
what is. among the fashions in lorgnettes.
. Perhaps there is no conceit more o«ld,
certainly none more fashionable, than
what to the untrained eye seems a close
linked chain of silver dotted with dia
monds, emeralds, sapphires or any stone
that glitters and wears big price marks.
We are wont to see these gems conscrt
with gold, although it is the foreign fash-
Ion to set diamonds in silver, which tar-'
nishes directly. But the jeweler that has
a fancy for making the setting for gems
as inconspicuous as possible uses plati
num, which, ounce for ounce. Is worth
less than gold, but In the working comes
to be of greater value because of the
greater difficulty and loss. And platinum
looks very much like sliver.
There are lorgnettes, too, that are Van
ity's'own. A tiny, hidden spring, that
only her fingers can find, discloses a wee
mirror Just big enough to smile into.
This, and the bitof a powder puff that
every woman can produce from some
where—and no one else ' knows where—
are like a cup of water to the traveler
In the desert or another round of am
munition to the soldier whose cartridge
box Is empty when the enemy still shows
fight A little dab of powder at the right
minute puts new courage into a woman.
Milady in her boudoir sees the tip of
her^chln In a shiny spot scarce bigger
than her thumb nail that for the most
part Is concealed in the handle of her
lorgnette of rose gold that dangles from
a ohaln of smdoth round coral beads.
When she snaps the cover Into place
agam and stows" away the puff she is
ready for more worlds to conquer.
The range of the lorgnette is wide, from
debutante to dowager, and who shall
number Its victims?
No uonser
Considered arj
tSCtatrori
one of These
i <
Pasctna^ng \
For opera, or theater the' opera glass
lenses may replace the. common, lenses
arid this does 'away with the bothersome
The
Lorg
-nette
and
its
useCe he
the .-race- « n
6 *ll»ft«il
ti!li§ ill II liH
iilisliiiifiis
BeC^ the blU ( o^.
\\?Vvete tUe - A troves ov
lliiiiiSsiiii
T ° no demo-
Stood w tVve « cr a
iii^ftiWiiiift
IB^ ill
iiPliiiiiiftrfiil
iwWfeli^Biiiil
. , tVve ll f«-ntt\ v ¦»
iiiiiilip»ilii^^
iPiilj^iiPiiiii
ST. PATRICKter with me every night, I stepped. Into
the circle and before either the captain
or ; I myself realized clearly N what was
happening I was not only playing the ac
coinpaniment, but was singing the old
familiar hymns with all the enthusiasm
I used to display in my Sunday-school
class in Sacramento years ago.
. "Instantly I was recognized by the
throng hurrying past on the way to. the
/theater/ and in a few moments a , big, '
curious, crushing crowd had collected.
The street was blockaded, but still I play
ed on as I had never played before the
footlights. -
"In the excitement I whispered to the
little i captain to pass the tambourine for
the usual collection. She did as directed
and such a collection it was. Suddenly
realizing where I' was, however. I hur
ried through the crowd and- off to the
theater.
"The next day the little captain called
, during the matinee and told me that the
collection was not only the largest . ever
taken in the town, but that I had been
made a Salvation Army lassie with all
the. privileges of the barracks, of which
'honor I am exceptionally proua." " ¦
• » ¦ •
.. In the line of managerial restraint
every company has Its difficulties, and
.none more so than Richard Mansfield's, if
the folk, geneiaily. are to be
bellevftd. This great actor has the, repu
tation of being severe and exacting to a
despotic degree. His word is law and
."rebellion 01 any sort is absolutely un
heard of; *n his company.
Therr-f ore, to judge from the demure
looking features of Fljrence Smyth, How.
ard Kyle's leading lady, who plays the
part ' of • Alice Adams- In Clyde Fitch's .
revolutionary drama, "Nathan Hale,'' at
the California Theater to-night, one"
would never guess that she had not only
had an Rencounter -with • the autocratic
star, but what is more to the purpose
"had come off victorious.
. The play was- "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde.". Miss Smyth • had . only two or
.three small speeches, which, though
Mansfield held them to be exceptionally
important, she often rendered in a man- -.
ner peculiarly • her ; own. This invariably
brought forth a severe 'reprimand, for
She has played the part several times
during the past few months on her way
to the coast, and it is said that as a con
trast to her powerful emotional acting
in "La Madeleine," the new play by
Harry Dam of Sacramento, which will be
seen for the first time at the Columbia
Theater to-morrow night, she may jive
an extra matinee of "Romeo and Juliet"
during the single week of her engagement
here.
She plays the masculine part, see says,
not so much to show how pleasing to the
eye she can appear in Romeo's pictur
esque habiliments, but because she be
lieves that the. poetry, the delicacy, the
great tenderness and youthful ardor of
this, the most romantic of all stage lov
ers, can better be portrayed by the subtle
art of a woman than by the more robust
expression of a man. Romeo, she ex
plains, was a mere boy, slender, delicate,
almost fragile, and those who have seen
Mtss Walsh In the play say she is quite
the living embodiment of Shakespeare's
Meal.
It is a role that has always had a pecu
liar fascination for her and there is no
doubt that If she Is given managerial per
mission to present it here her perform
ance will • rival even her sensational act
ing in "La Madeleine." From the pic
ture on this page you can judge for
yourself how nearly she looks the part.
But, nevertheless, it will astonish oven
the most blase theater-goers to learn that
Blanche Walsh has also caught the fever
and has Included "Romeo and Juliet" In
her repertoire for this, her latest West
ern tour, herself playing; the part of the
love-sick swain In Shakespeare's immor
tal tragedy.
Of late It has become quite the fad
among the most famous actresses In Eu
rope and America to play male roles seri
ously. Bernhardt astonished the world
with her acting of Hamlet and L'AIglon.
In the latter role dainty little Mauda
Adams snatched the honors away from
the great Sarah arM made the piece quite
her own. about which the press of two
continents gossiped overmuch.
"You see," she says. "I cannot give up
the stage as my husband wishes me to.
He is a very wealthy man and can give
me everything to make home attractive,
but I have tried it and I hate it. I must
have my. theater and I mu3t have my
applause. I would not give it up for any
man."
"It 4s all nonsense. On what grounds
could. I get a divorce from my husband:
that is what I should like to know? It
may be that he might try to get a divorce
from me on the ground that I won't quit
the stage and go home to him.
It was not generally known then— In
fact' it will be a big surprise even now
to tl»e great theater-going public to learn
that Miss Stone in private life is the wife
of Mr. Ledley, one of the richest men
in Toronto, and that the gems she wears
in Cleopatra and all the other Sardou
plays which will be seen during the long
engagement that begins to-morrow night
At the Grand Opera-house were all her
own long before she ever thought of
going on the stage.
And apropos of her ambition for his
trionic fame and the great success sha
has won in her chosen profession, against
the wishes of her. husband, it has more
than once been rumored that she would
Seek a divorce in order to be free to con
tinue on the stage. In answer to all the
stories that have been circulated about
her Miss Stone has said: 1
Next to the surprise that she should
have undertaken to play such heavy
roles at Sardou's heroines with an actor
of such commanding 'physique and dom
inating personality as Melbourne Mac-
Dowel!, Florence Stone's jewels created
the greatest sensation when she appeared
as Cleopatra at the Grand Opera-house.
She was literally ablaze with jewels from
head to foot. There •were pendants of
faultless pearls in her ears and ropes of
the same rare gems twined about her
throat, while a heavy girdle of the most
precious stones encircled her waist and
hung almost to the edge of her skirt.
Never before had she been cast for a
part that demanded such lavish display,
and many there were, who, having seen
her only as a downtrodden heroine in
the black alpaca of the domestic plays,
marveled much thereat.
' Perhaps there Is no other profession
that receives more recruits who have
been trained for something else vastly dif
ferent than the stage. Strange as it may
seem the step from the clergy to foot
light favorite is one of the most popular.
In this connection the career of Howard
Kyle, who will appear to-night at the
California Theater as Nathan Hale, is
doubly interesting, for his father, who,
though he was a distinguished veteran
of both the Mexican and the Civil War.
was very religious, and had counted upon
his son becoming a clergyman. Young
Kyle, however, though he had acquiesced
In his father's wishes, had seqretly taken
up the study of. Blackstone, with the am
bition to become a great lawyer. But
just at the time, when he seemed
destined to realize his father's dreams,
and become admitted to the bar at ona
and the same time, he waa impressed
into service as manager for the . local
theatrical entertainments.
During one of these performances in
which he had been induced to take a
leading part he was seen by the late
Margaret Mather, who engaged him at
once for leading parts. His success was
flattering froiri the first and since then
the name of Howard Kyle has been con
spicuous with such companies as Mod
jeska's and the great Warde and James
combination.
the august actor jealously dominate*
every pose and gesture of every member
of his company.
Finally he became so provoked over
what he considered too great a breach
of: her professional prerogatives that, in
taking her to task he pinched her arm
until she almost screamed from the pain.
Instantly all Miss Smyth's Western spirit
flared up. Since earliest childhood, being
an only child, she has always had her
own way. Without a moment's hesita
tion, therefore, she retaliated by seizins
Mr. Mansfield by the throat with one
hand and soundly boxing bis ears with
the other. Then she rushed into her
dressing room, packed her trunks, and
was off to Chicago to join the present
Nathan Hale Company before the aston
ished actor fully realized what had hap
pened.
Jbarn-stor^ning company, for which rea
son my sympathies went out to them and
especially^ to their captain, a sweet-faced
little woman, who appealed to me
strongly from the very nrst moment I saw
her, and invariably I stopped each even
ing on, my way to the : theater to listen
to her singing. She possessed a sweet
voice and, accompanying her singing on
the guitar, rendered the old-fashioned
hymns with sweet simplicity. But it was
pitiful to see their vain attempts to at
tract an audience. Often I was the only
listener, and toward the end of the week
the captain would greet my appearance
with a smile and a nod. N
"On Friday evening, before our engage-
ment closed, I found the band "as usual
on. the street corner, but to my surprise
.the bass drum and the guitar were not
in evidence. On inquiry I learned that
the owner of the hall where the army
held their indoor meetings had attached
their Instruments for non-payment of
rent The little captain was making" a
sorry effort to use the tambourine as an
accompaniment to the hymns, but in the
slang of the stage the meeting was a
'frost.' '"
"In a moment my California blood was
aroused. The little" captain had suddenly
become like an old friend. I hesitated for
only a moment and then quickly unstrap
ping my banjo; which I carry to the thea-
WHILE you are laughing at the
actor making 'Tunny faces'
for your amusement in the
full glare of the calcium light,
did you ever stop to think
xvhat "funny faces" you are making in
the glare or the same calcium light for
the amusement of the actor who is amus
ing you. This ludicrous condition of af
fairs oft-times comes near to being dis
astrous for the performer, especially thooi
who. like Fanny Rice, depend upon their
absolute seriousness to make their witti
cisms doubly droll.
"I amuse my audience, yes," she said,
in her dressing-room at the Orpheum
Theater, "but let me tell you my audi
ence amuses me much more. While I nm
in my miniature theater acting with dd!l
figures my electric frame casts a very
strong light over about fourteen rows -!n
front of me ar.d the varied expressions
on the many faces as I appear in the difr
ferent characters are a perfect study for
me. Really, you don't know how har<!
It is to keep from laughing myself, their
quizzical looks are so funny.
"For instance, there is the curious
couple. They spend all their time in ar
guing as to how I do the illusion. These
contrast so ludicrously with the blase
couple who know it all. They could come
right up and tako my place at a second's
notice. Then there are the whole-souled,
genial faces. All smiles or broad griri-s.
ready and eager to be amused. They do
not realize that their voices are as audible
to me as mine is to them, and frequently,
when I am playing, singing and dancing
dolls, I catch such remarks as thes*:
•That ain't at ail. It's a face and
body that she works with springs,' while
another insists that the weird effects are
produced with mirrors and a host of ac
complices.
"These are the people *who enjoy every
mcment they are in the theater and they
are the people to whom I play, but you
can't know how hard it is to keep from
laughing at them for their laughter unt:l
you go out on the stage to make them
lau.u'h without laughing yourself."
In the title role of "The Belle of New
York" pretty Edna May won her way
ir.to the charmed circle of London's peer
iA£ii. t-y her clever acting of the demure
Salvation Army lassie, who becomes a
Si-.yety girl. Miss Alice Kellar, the sou
br-iU- iand banjoist of the new musical
ccrnedy company at Fischer's Theater,
has reversed the sequence in real life. <£
"I do rot wish to encroach upon Miss
May's reputation," says Miss Kellar,
"but I think I can truthfully claim to be
the only real Salvation Army lassie on
the stage, for I am a Sister in good stand
ing of one of the 'New England army
posts.
"It was while I was playing with May
Irwin's company through the New Eng
land States that my attention ¦ was at
tracted by several earnest Salvation
Army enthusiasts at one of their street
meetings.
"For some unexplainable reason the peo
ple of the town did not take kindly to the '
little band of workers. They were hav«
Ing more trials and triLuiaXloas t*>»Ti a
\ THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
Some Facts you
don't know
about
Actor
FolkHenry T. Coates & . Co. (Philadelphia)
issue -aVnew, edition r of "The* Night-Side
of. Nature." -The 1 sub-title, of the book,
.'.'Ghosts ; and ;Ghost; Seers," 4 . indicates f the
nature' of ,* its contents? It' is something
more .than a.: collection -of ghost stories,
The ; Light :; Side - of - Nature.
' "Tne .Woman Who .-Dared,", by Law
rence L. Lynch, is 'a.: novel 'of the blood
curdling,'.-melodramatic 'type." The scene
is'laid in Cheyenne at the, time" when that
city was at its worst.'.The heroine accom
plishes apparently, impossible ; things ,with '
the 'easo] that : such heroines '.do', and flnallj*
every thing {ends . beautifully . arid to ' the
satisfaction ; of " eyerybedy. A ' glance at
the chapter, headings of , the last six chap
ters'ofjthe book ; and-you have the keyvto
the whole affair: >V An- Old- Letter)" ¦ '.'The
Tempest'Breaks," "Pony -Jack's Speech,"
"Face 1 '-to. Face," "Exit '¦:; Sidney- Starr,'* -
"Justice"; Meted Out," "Happy /.Times. ",
(Published ';*'•'¦ by Laird- & Lee." Chicago.
Priced 75* cents.) : , • :
The Woman Who Dared.
Under the rather startling title,, 'Na
ked 'Truths and Veiled . Allusions,',' Minna
Thcmas Antrim (Titian) has had bound I
I together .; a "• large number ' [ot ; epigram
matic remarks : dealing , with "human na
ture." Here Is one, for,^example: "It- Is'
true all of 'us: have friends not in • so
ciety, but ' it . is .noticeable - we" keep them
well " In the : background." -Having read
one'; you ¦ have a .sample of them . all.'
With | a' booic 'of ' this kind you tnignt take
a, homeopathic -dose of say, one before
oach ineal and have enjoyment and bene
fit .therefrom,' but to sit down 7and read
it through— It is hard to Imagine'any
thing-more/indigestible. Not that . the
matter is .not" 1 ; bright enough, but: It is
like . trying to eat a two-pound ; box of.
candy all ; .at one sitting. . (Published by.
Henry -Altemus .Company, Philadelphia.
Price 50 . cents.) .^SBBK&BMSI
Naked Truths and Veiled Allusions.
The Overland .Monthly; has the follow
ing to offer for March: Frontispiece The
Eskimo Mother; "In the American Style"
by John Fleming Wilson; VAvila; An Idyl
of. Sou them: California," by Tracy and
Lucy: Robinson ; "Jim. and Kittick," by
Josephine Scroggs; "According to Scrip
ture,'.' by S. Homer Henley; "The Woods "
by Fannie Herron Cooke; "The Life and
Harper & Brothers are reprinting Thom
as. W.. Knox's admirable , series of 'The
Boy Travelers," in which two youths
Frank Bassett -and Fred Bronson, ac
companied by their genial mentor." Dr
Bronson, journey all over the globe, hav
ing (toe adventures by the way and learn
ing more in one chapter than a dry bo*»k
of facts wauld'teach, them In a volume
These books are in demand' year after
year, and have no successful rivals in
their' line. Mr. Knox. who died several
years ago, had a very genial, attractive
personality.' Kg was always In sympathy
with young people and had the rare ca
pacity ;to write for them. successfully as
his bcoks testify.
The current issue of Out West, for
merly the- Land' of Sunshine, contains
that "interesting article by Charles F.
liummls on "Oranges 250 Years *Ago" that
was commenced last month. V. O^ La nee
has a well Illustrated paper on "Studies
in Floral Portraiture":' Carl Purdyhas
something .further to say on Indian
baskets— this time he takes up the study
of the Porno Indian baskets. There is a
dainty bit of verse, "The North Wind In
California." by Herbert Muller Hopkins,
at one time assistant in Latin at the Uni
versity, of California. Some striking pic
tures add much to a most readable arti
cle on San Dleeo.
Interesting' paper, "Glimpses of the Colo
rado Desert," by John Hamilton Gllmour;
"Midwinter Football in California.", by
Archie Rice." and a remarkably gqpd arti
cle on, "Yachting on San Francisco Bay,"
by Arthur Inkersley.
THE MILLIONAIRE MYSTERY— By Fergu*
Hume. F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York. $t LT>.
THE LOVELY MRS. PEAIBERTOX — By
Florence Warden/ F. M. Buckles & Co.. New }
York.: *l 25.
THE SANDALS— By Z. Grenell. Funk & y
Wasnalls Co., New York. - 40 cents.
•UNDER MY OWN ROOF— By ' Adelaide { L.
Rousa. Funk & Wagnalls Co.. New York.
THE COURTSHIP OF SWEET ANNS
PAGE— By Elien V. Talbot. Funk & Was
nalis Co., New York. 4(1 cents.
FEM1NOLOOY — A GnMe.for "Womanklnrl-
By Florence Dressier. M. D. C. L. Dressier
& Co., Chicago.
• THE IMPROPRIETIES OF NOAH— By Har
old V. Smedberg. ¦' The Abbey Press, New
York. 50 cents.
BOBTAIL DIXIE— By Abbie N. Smith. Tha
Abbey Press, New York. $1. '
BEHIND THE GRILLr— By Duncan FrancU
Young. . The .Abbey Press, New York. 50 cents.
THE KING OF ANDORRA— By Henry B.
Harris. The Abbey Press, New York. $1 '£>.
JOSEPHINE GRAHAME— By Jeannett*
Wheeler. The Abbey Press, New York. $1 30.
¦¦: His book is .riot only interesting .as n
history, but it is of practical, iise for .'daily
consultation regarding 'matters of,. inter-'
national importance. ¦ In part I the'authbr
considers ""Ancient* and "Medieval State
Systems" : under ' the --following heads:
"The Ancient State as the City-Common
wealth," VThe" Modem' State as .the /Na
tion," "The ¦ Medieval: Empire ;as.ar. In
ternational'Power. 1 ' Part ,11 concerns it
self with "Sources and" Foundations" of
Modern International ."Law"' and is' ; dl-'
vlded * into ; the v following, chapters : ;' "In
ternational Courts, Congresses and Ccih-'
ferences,'.; ,• "Rise of the .Publicists',",
"Grotiiis and the Aftergrowth of His) Sys
tem," "Treaties na Sources, of r Internu-'
The 'Monroe doctrine, as a part of the
internatldnal ; law of the ! new world; has
been restated in the light of recent events^
and: an explanation has been made 'of "all
notable Instances of the application of the
laws of warto, new. "conditions arising but
of ¦recent: conflicts; including; the .Spanish-
American and Boer wars. ' '¦';¦¦'
)'¦. During the last forty years international
law as a science" has jindergohe a ; notable
development through the~ concerted efforts*
of nations to : formulate: and systematize
its ;rules ' upon the ' great subjects dealt
with; in that series of conferences; which
began at Geneva in 1864 and ended at The
Hague in 1899.7 Into' the text of this work
the results of the j Peace Conference: at
The Hague have been ; incorporated,' for
the first time, and: In" such' a way as to
illustrate their relations to each of the
great questions" affected by -' them. - -
The present volume is Jan. octavo, com
prising more than 900 pages. \ It is tlte
most exhaustive work of. the kind that has
been issued in the United States since- tlifc
appearance of Dana's f VWheaton," em
bracing as it does, in a' compact and con-'
venierit ; .form,' the results- of ; the exposi
tions'of- all the' notable"- European pub
licists, medieval and modern, English and
Continental. 1 g In the chapter entitled the
"Rise of „ the Publicists,'.';, they have\beeh!
grouped according to nationality, and in
such a v.-ay as to . indicate the epoch of
each and his relative .importance. ,
Callaghan &: Co. of Chicago have just
Issued a : remarkable book b'n "Inter
national. Public Law,',' by Hannis Taylor,
LL.D. Mr. Taylor was. -late Minister
Plenipotentiary of the United States- to
Spain. ; From experience and knowledge
he is undoubtedly, a man well fitted for
the huge task he has 'undertaken. 'He is
at present a member of the general ad
visory committee of '.the American Acad
emy of Political and Social Science. This
is not Mr.. Taylor's \ first work, ~for J h&
spent over twenty years in : writing '-'The
Origin and Growth of tho English Con
stitution," I'whlch has been. highly praised.
'A Treatise on International Law
Elder & Shepard of San Francisco have
published as one of ¦ the .- ."Impression
Classics," "Gray's . Elegy - 'and • Other
Poems." The volume' 13 certainly most
attractive. It Is bound in soft tan leath
er, with the title and decorations stamped
In gold. The introduction gives a brief
account of Gray's life and is followed by.
the ."Elegy. Written in a Country Church
yard," "On ';the Spring.*; "On the. Death
of V Favorite Cat," "On a .Distant" Pros
pect of Eton 'College,'.' "Hymn to Adver
sity," ."The Progress of Poesy," "The
Bard," "Sonnet, on the Death of .Mr.
Richard, West," "Epitaph," on Mrs. ; Jaie
Clerke." '. "Cde, on the Pleasure Arising
from Vicissitude," "Stanzas' to Mr. Bent
ley," "Sketch of His Own Character."
and '"Song." The paper and typography
are excellent; and the little book will be
found an'addition.to any library .table.
Impression Classics.
Mr. Flower is a son of James M. Flow
er, a Chicago lawyer, and was born' at
Madison, Wis., in 1S63. He attended- the
Chicago public schools. . later entered a
private school in the same city and then
went to Phillips Academy, Andover, Maes.
for periodicals and magazines. He has
some verse ana serious work to his credit
as well. At present he is conducting a
department of humor ¦ in . the Brooklyn
Sunday Easle. ' '',:'""¦
A complete list of authorities cited is
given, also" a table, of cases cited. In an
appendix is given "Insular Tariff Cases."
The index for the volume Is so copious
that all references" to any subject cm-
braced in the pages of the book can be
traced In an Instant. It is bound in the
uvjal leather legal- binding. Price ?5 50. .
1 .be" giad enough t» keep him on "his old
' duties of patrolman; He is. put in a hard
neighborhood, where the boys run things
about as they please and welcome the .tp
• pearance of a new policeman with all pos
i sible manifestations of delight. The way
? he finally manages to land them "with
the goods on them" so he can get a con
, fiction is "just like Flynn": .
He knew tbat they were resposlble for the
minor crimes of which complaint was fre
guently mads, but he lacked evidence, and it
was not until he had narrowly escaped being"
! brained by half a brick that he finally tock
two of the ringleaders to the station,
l "What's the charge?" asked the police mag
istrate the next morning.
§ "M-m-m, well, they's a bad lot, an" they
s was heavin" r-rocks at me." answered Poltce
r man Flynn. 1 .."^
"Did they hit you?" demanded the magis
trate. And when the policeman admitted that
be had succeeded in dodging the missile, the
magistrate added, "Oh. well, boys, will -be
. boye, and we mustn't be too hard on them. If
they'd hit you It would be different. . Dis
charged." i ••
"Luk at that, now," commented Policeman
Flynn. "A big chunk iv a brick come r-rignt
f'r me head, an' I duck, an 1 that lets thim go
free. 'T was fr me, I suppose, to ha-ave me
head eohlit open t'r to rna-ake a case. Oho!\
't is a fine thing. Is th' law iv th' magis
thrates. "Ha-ave ye ye'er head with ye?" says
his Honor. • 'I ha-ave,' says L • 'Ye ha-ave no
business too,' says he, an' thin he says, 'This -
day-findent is dlscha-arxed f'r th' reason that
Officer Flynn comes into coort with his head
on, thereby vi'latln' th' la-aw.' I'd like ¦ to
ha-ave a ton Iv that la-aw f'r to throw in th'
river. ' Ye've got to ha-ave th\ ividence, a
ca-art-l6ad Iv it. 'T is like this: A felly comes
cr-reepin' up behind a ma-an with a knife In
his ha-and. 'T is me Juty,' says I to mesilf,
Tr to arrifit hiin\"' 'Walt,' says th' la-aw to
me, Tr may-be he'll kil> th' ma-an. an' thin
ye'll ha-ave a good case.' Oho! 't is a gr-reat
thing to know th' la-aw."
Fortunately, however, these remarks were
not made in the . hearing of the court, and
Policeman Flynn returned to his beat. Natur
' ally, his troubles were not lessened by his at
tempts to secure a conviction, for the gang
became bolder and more demonstrative than
ever. But the policeman patiently awaited hlb
opportunity, and before long he had the same
two in custody again, with what he believed to
be a gcod case against them.
"'T was like this," he explained in court
the following day: "Th' door Iv th' groe'ry
Is open an' th' two pris'ners Is r-runnin'
awa-ay. I follies thim an' . sh tumbles over a
ham. which they dr-ropped." '
"Did you see them drop It?" asked the boys'
lawyer.
"Iv c'oorse not," answered Policeman Flynn,
"but, 't is not to be . sup-posed " th* ham
wa-alked-down the alley be ltsilf. They's a lot
iv fruit, too. leadln' all th' wa-ay to where th'
byes Is r-rounded up, an" they ha-ave a pocket-"
ful Iv cha-ange t^ken from th' till." •
"How do you know it was taken from the
till?" demanded the lawyer.
"Because 't is not Jn th" till now," replied
Policeman Flynn.
"Oh, well," said the Judge at the conclu
sion of the hearing, "there is nothing to show
/ that they are the ones who dropped the ham -
and the fruit, and they give a plausible ex- '
planation of the possession of so much small
change. The evidence is putely circumstantial, .
and to send them ui> would" be only to utait
them on the downward path. I'll give them
another chance."
"Sta-art thim down l* ,sindin' thim-iup," '
muttered Policeman Flynn to himself, as he
left the courtroom. —Oho! "t Is a hum'roua .
mi-an th' Judge Is. 'T id a sha-ame he's not
edilin' a comic pa-aper. It is that. Sta-art
thim: Why, 't Is thim same la-ads Uiafs r-ri<l
ing a tandem bi-sickle on th' down'ard pa-ath
now with th' lw-rake br-rcke."
That Might, as usual, he told his troubles to
his wife, but he got little sympathy from her.
"If yt're an Injane-yus ma-an," the said, -''
"ye'll land thim fellies with th' « goods on'
thJm. 'T is th' only wa-ay. an* ye're long
(r.ough on th' foorce f'r to know it. Don't
talk to roe Iv th' Judge. He knows what he
wa-ants. an' 't Is Tr you to give it to him!"
Policpman Flynn thook his head with the
doleful air of a • man who thought the . whole
world was against him; but he always shows
best in adversity. In. his own language, he
"wlnt out afther thim la-ads," : and he ' got
them. He marched them into tne station- ,
bouse one night about two weeks • later, and ¦
two morR dejected specimens of humanity
never appeared there. One of them was car- ,
ryinjf a mantle clock heavy enough' seriously ¦
I thim. Oho! I ha-ave th' ividence this time. 1
I caught thlni comln* out iv a house with th'.
i'' goods on thim." ;":"•."'•'
"But they can't possibly ' hold those thlnj:
untl! 'they pet into court,:' urged one 'of. the '>
, other officers. '.'It would wreck an Atlas."
¦ "11-m-m, . well, I'm not posted on Jography,
but I. know a " bit Iv po-lls coorts, an' I've
l'arned a few things of ' ividence." returned
Policeman Flynn.
' back's near broke.' an' me arms is fall
in' off," whined one of the^ culprits. ¦ \
"Sthand up. there!" commanded Policeman
Flynn. "Ye've been , playin' ta-ag. with nn 1
long enough. Put th' clock on ye-er' .other
shoulder an" shift ye'er fut. . 'T will give ye
a bit iv a r-rest. Oho! ye had a good laugh oh
Barney Flynn f'r not bein* -able to puf^ye over
twlct befoor,' but 't is, not th 1 sa-amenow."
"You'll kill them. Barney." said the ser
geant; "Either of those loads would tire a
Samson out in fltteen. minutes."
"I'll show thim to th* Judge with th' goods
on thim,". persisted Policeman Flynn,. dog
gedly: "I'll ha-ave no more monkey-foolin'
with thim' la-ads." ; ¦'
. . "I'll draw , a picture or them, and you can ;
show that to the Judge, "¦ suggested a police
man of artistic inclinatlons.-
Policeman Flynn hesitated/ He had no de
sire to Inflict unnecessary, hardship on. his
\ prisoners, but he did not whsh to take any
chances, j . .
"Will ye all sign It an* shwear f t Is th'
wa-ay I br-rought thim in?" he asked.
"We will," was the prompt reply. .
And when the evidence was produced in court .
the next day it was pronounced. conclusive. ¦
-,. •• •",';¦
Flynn haa ¦ all softs of troubles arising
from his official duties, *and each and
every one of them is equally Interesting.
Mr. Flower not only does splendid work
in catching all the little details that; go
to make up perfect character drawing,
but ho is a good story-teller as well. You
feel riot only an interest In all the odd
bits of philosophy that. Flynn has to ex
pound for the edification of his better
half in recounting the. adventures of tho
day, 'but every one of the .sketches has a-,
sustained narrative interest that holds
your attention until the climax at the
end. Some of the sketches have some re
markably -well turned bits of pathos irr
' them, and you laugh, with -a tear in your.
eye.
Terry Is a chip of the old block and on
more than, -one occasion he comes out
well in the lead of "th' ol' ma-an."- Flynn
has occasion to lecture his son on^the ad
vantages of diplomacy over •' brute
strength. Note the result: ,
"Who was the greatest diplomat "you ever
heard of?" inquired Terry.
VM-m-m, well, 'tie ha-ard to sa-ay," re
turned Policeman .; Flynn. ' ."Sometimes- 1 think ;
'tis LI Hung Chaiig, even If he do be aChlny- •
man; but there was another felly who, c'u'd
have beat. thim ail, if he'd lver gone in frto,
use his talints th' right wa-ay. He had th'
idee iv it, but. 't was only spbort an' not juty ¦
"A felly be th' na-ame : iv Baron Moonch,ow
»en." . , . . •¦'¦ . .. '...¦¦ V-"v ' ¦'
' Terry was duly impressed, and for a time he a
isat Eilent; watching his mother's' preparations
for a f ea*t of pancakes.
','Ye-er. father likes thim," she said, as she
noted his attention. '
"He does;" he replied,, and then suddenly
bettirred himself. and began to help her in va
rloue little" ways.
.•-'."I'll give ye an-exthra wan f'r 'that,'.' she
said..' - . . ¦ ¦ ,¦ ' ... '' ¦,..
"I'll get that shawl you left at Mrs. Casey's
after dinner," : 6U£gested the boy, s casually. -
"I'lfgiTe ye two exthra wans f r thinking iv
gotn' fr, it,"' Eatd Mrs. Flynn.' / j^"V
"Luk at th' day-plomacy ivith' la-ad," com-..:
niented Policeman Flynn. -S, .
."Did)you see th'.man waltln' fg.r you at the'- 1 :
corner as. you came in?" asked Terry. -. : 1Bb<
"Who was he?"; asked Policeman , Flynn. <
"Give it up," replied '. Terry. .. , "' .'•*.
¦ "Why didn't .ye "tell! me. ivit .befoor?" jde-', ,.
manded Policeman Flynni , . ,"1 hear-rd Cassldy^ , (
wa-anted f'r to see me." ¦'.¦¦
VMaybe It was ' Cassldy,'" returned ¦ the' boy, ;. '
.""an" •maybe, he' a waltin', there yet."-- I
Policeman , Flynn caught up his' hat and bolt- '
ed r out* of the door. He ! was back , In about --'
twenty, minutes, sadly out: of temper. ¦ }
"Dlvil a soul was there,'.' he exclaimed.' "an' '
bo I win t on U Kelly'n pla-ace.to seelf he was '
waitin." Whin did y« ste him ther*. ' Terry ?"' 1
*¦'•;'
IRRIGATION IN THE UNITED STATES—
By Frederick Haynes Newell. Thomaa Y.
Crowell & Co.. New York. $2. ¦
LOVE IN ITS TENDERNESS — By J. R.
Aitken. D. Appleton & Co., New York. $1-
CAPTAIN JINKS. HERO— By Ernest Cros
by. Funk & "Wagnalls Company, New York.
$1 50.
SONGS NOT SET TO MUSIC— By Kate Mills
Fargo. The Abbey Press, New York. $1.
GOLDEN FLUFF— By Mrs. James Edwra
Morris. The Abbey Press, New York. M
cents.
VERBA CRUCIS — By T. Calvin McCleUand-
Thomas Y. Crowell & Cot, New York. 50 cents.
THE HAND OF GOD IN AMERICAN HIS
TORY—By Robert Ellis Thompson. S. T. D."
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York. $1.
Books Received.
FOGG'S FERRY — By C. K. Callahan. Laird
& Lee, Chicag-o. 75c.
PASSES, or the Beauties of Transportation—-
By August Faure. The Lord Baltimore Press.
Baltimore. Md.
LEPIDUS. THE CENTURION— By E4wto
Lester Arnold. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.,
New Tork. $1 60.
The current " issue of Sunset is strong
in readable The frontispiece is
a tine halftone | reproduction of a.' photo
graph showing the bronze figure of "Vic
tory", as completed in clay by Robert I.
Altken for the monument to be erected
in Union square as a tribute to the Amer
ican navy, commemorating Admiral Dew
ej s >r victory at the battle of Manila Bay.
The' contents include: "Ballad of the
Hyde-street Grip," by Gelett Burgess; an
>.- -'..-¦¦• .
>The Bowen-Merrill Company announces
for immediate publication a new book of
essays by Richard Burton. The title of
th-3 book, "Forces', in Fiction," indicates
its character. It is a collection of papers
on the elements of and the treatment ac
corded the modern literature, as espe
cially shown in the novel, romantic and
historical, and in the later day drama.
The International Monthly for March
offers the following instructive matter to
its readers; "The Military Rule of Obedi
e: e," by Captain Alfred T. Mahan, U.
S. N.; "Contemporary French Philos
ophy," by Alfred Fouillee; "Giosue - Car
ducci," by Richard Garnett; "Decay of
the Belief in the Devil," by Fred C. Cony
beare; "Fairy Lore and Primitive Reli
gion," by William Wells Newell; "Native
American Culture: Its Independent Evo
lution," by A. H. Keane; "Our Work In
the Philippines," by Charles A. Conant;
"Chronicle of the Month," by Joseph B.
Bishop.
The 'Home Magazine for March has two
well -written articles', that will prove of
special interest to Calif ornians. One is
"Life on a Revenue Cutter," by William
F. Lampton. and -the other is "A .Trip
Up Mount Lowe," by E. H. Rydall. Both
are illustrated with halftone reproduc
tions of excellent photographs.
Literary Notes.
*7* jr n. FLOWER deserves a vote of
I \ / ! Panics from' every one who Is
I y I fortunate enough to nave the
' V. "* I opportifnity of enjoying^ his
. X book, "Policeman Flynn." A
good laugh is better than a good cry any
day— opinions from some members of the
fair sex to the contrary notwithstanding
—and the reader who is so lacking in ap
preciation as not to enjoy the keen humor
In these sketches is indeed fairly on the
road to mental perdition. VV'r.T
"Policeman Flynn" is a series of
sketches relating- the troubles of an offi
cer of the law in a great city. Each chap
ter is really complete in itself, but taken
all together they run through the gamut
of all possible happenings in the career
of a patrolman. Flynn Is a character
that wins his way into your heart at
orce. He possesses a fund of g'ood na
ture, natural humor, shrewdness and per
tinacity hard to equal and most enter
taining. Mrs. Flynn and Terry, the son.
are equally delightful. The original oi
the character Flynn was a Chicago po
liceman (now dead), and It is said that
some of the adventures were actual oc
currences.
Flynn is a patrolman out and out and
any change that his superiors try to maks
for his personal advantage are always for
the worse. He is promoted to «.ue rank ol
sergeant, but soon asks to be reduced to
the racks because there is no work to do
and because every man that he likes has
to treat him with "ray-splct."
Since he will have none of the honors
in advanced rank, he is given the posi
tion of doorkeeper for the Mayor.' "bu;
tbis, too,- proves to be a mistaken step,
and Flynn is not In his element again un
til he finds himself back on his old beat.
As guardian of the Mayor he inadver
• tently gets himself and the chief execu
tive into all kinds of trouble. At hom^
he gives Mrs. Flynn all the details of hit
difllculties in his own inimitable way:
" '1 wa-ait to see his nibs,' says th' politi
cian to me, doin* th' rush act an' thryin' to gc
" 'I'll hsve ye-«>r ba-adge.' says he. 'M«
cousin wae a schoolmate iv his nibs, an' 1 do b«
. brlngla' him new? he' I! be c la-ad to ha-ave.
Te'l! eee him la-all on me neck th' minute he
eees me.'
"So I lets the gazabo in, but does his nibs
fa-Bll on his neck? Oho! well, if he does, it dc
be with an ax. an' me own neck feels th' whin
Iv th* wind."
"Ser-rves ye right." commented Mrs. Flynn.
"Te have no elnee at all. Barney. 'Tls ye-er
Juty to do what ye're told an' 1'ave others to
do th' thlnkln".'"
"Listen to that, now!" exclaimed FoMeenyn
Flynn. "Oho", but ye-re a sma-art woman.
That's what his nibs says to me. 'Do as ye're
told. Barney.' he saye. 'an' l'ave me to do th
thinkin' f r th' office. That ma-an c'u'dn't get
ye" re ba-adge In a million years, but I can
ha-avf It ar.ny day I r-reach Tr tt.' An' 'tw'u'd
be ail r-rUrht. only his nibs do be a politician
too."
"Take him at his wor-rd, anyhow," advised
MrE. Fljnn.
"I Cii eo." returned Policeman Flynn, "an"
Pr two da-ays im ba-adge was like" to dhrop
off me coat, it hun? so loose. 'Twas a'l along
Iv another politician.
" Til be afther eeein' th' May'r.' he say-.s
Important like.
" 'Ye'H not.' says I.
" Yt don't re-cognize me," says he.
" 'I do not.' says I. v
" 'Me fa-ace eh'u'd be familiar to ye,' says
" 'Mebbe 'tw-u'd be.' Bay. I, 'If I'd lukked in
th r-rogues' sal'ry Iv late.'
"With that fcis nibs, bearln' voices, comes
out an' cra.-abB th' felly be th' hand an' takes
l\* a ' threiLt " hlm 1Ike h « ¦"•»« th' only
fri nd he had in th' wqr-rld. An' when th'
felly's eone. his nibs comes to me an' says
'Doc't ye know him?' '
|| 'I &O Hot.' 6JLJ-B L
" 'He carritt two wa-ard* in hij inside pock
*C b«t« hia nlb«.
i*"*,',?*^ WM9m *• * tbat< " " Irhilt «P° IIs «»' nt
*? Hi* coat,
" 'JClver tur-cn down a m*-an like that,'
ear, hi. nibi, payin' no attlnUoa to me little
joke.
• " 'How*ll I tell thim apa.-art?' sayi 1.
" V— ye-er head.' tayg hii alb*
,SZ bU ' " a « I. "*• to!' me' ye'd Ho th'
tiUnkln' f r thii office re-ersllf ; an' besides • I
•*y», *I elver took a coorae la xnlnd-r-readln' •
t was overlooked.' • • • *
"1 mart see him,' e*y« wan. Tm hl«
tMaallT dochtex/
" •Where'* r«r tool-chistr says L knowin'
a Cocther always carries wan.
" 'He told tne to call.' eaya another
•~ 'Am' be tol' me to lay Cr ye whin ye
come/ cays I.
" *Ohol Tm eood at re-partee, bnt *t Is like
to cet me Into throuble.. fr th' wan I turn
flown th' ha-ardest Is always th' only wan I
ou«ht to have passed in. Some Iv thim come
Ivery da-ay an* wait an' wait, an' they gra-ab
fellies coin' In an* comia' out, an' thry to get
their infloo'nee. I'd be sorry rr thin* If It
wasn't Tr wan thing."
"What'B that?" asked Mr«. Flynn. *
"Why don't they wor-rk fr a llrln' Instead
It wor-rklc' fr a. Job? 'T Is less dlsappolntln'
an' no ha-arder whin ye get used to it. But th'
Job's too much f*r me. I'm gola* back on th'
beat again."
"F'r v.hy?" asked Mrs. Flynn.
"Well. *t was this wa-ay," explained Police
man Fljiin: 'Td been «cr-rappln* with tin or
ilivln fellies that wa-arited to see his nibs
whin hJs nibs didn't wa-ant to see thim an*
along comes a little gazabo that's so thin an'
pale ye'd think he'd blow away. But, f'r all
that, he carries himself in a soopeer-yer wa-ay
an' me feelin" wr-rong annynow.
" 'I ray-ceived wor-rd.' cays he. 'that some
body wants to Fee me here.'
" ' *T Is likely to.' says I. with sa-arcasm,
f'r that's th' ol" gag. '
CcndUc^d by
although it contains a very great number
of these. Written before the establish
ment of the Society for Psychical Re
search, for the book made its first ap
pearance more than half a century ago.
It aims to do what that society has done
—investigate the laws underlying the oc
currence of what appear to be occult
phenomena. Dr. Thomas Jay Hudson,
the author of "The Law of Psychic Phe
nomepa," has written an introduction to
this editjpn of the book. In it Dr. Hud
son commends the author- for the method
she used in pursuing her inquiries, and
recommends the book to those interested'
in thd study of the so-called occult.
tional Law," "Extension of" International
System to New World," "Monroe Doc
trine ; and Other Sources.". In part III is
given, the "Rights and Duties of. States in
Time of Peace," discussed- under six dif
ferent heads: "Nature and Attributes of
Slates, Sovereign and' Part Sovereign,'.'
"Sovereignty and Jurisdiction in Relation
to Person," "Sovereignty and Jurisdic
tion in ; Relation to Property," "Dip
lomatic Intercourse," "The ; Treaty
making. Power" and "Rights- of
Self- Preservation." Part~ IV naturally
follows with "Rights and Duties of
States in Time of War," considered under
these heads: "Forcible Means" of Redress
Short of ; Actual War," "Commencement
of War. and Its Immediate Consequences,"
"Rights and Duties of .Belligerents Dur-
. ing. Hostilities on Land," "Rights and
Duties: of Belligerents, During Hostilities
at -Sea," "Limitation, . Suspension an>l
Conclusion of Hostilities," "Laws of War
as to Enemy '.Persons,'.'. "Laws of War as
to Enemy Property on Land," "Laws of
War. as to > Enemy Property at Sea,"
"Military Occupation and Administra
tion," "Termination of War." Part V is
devoted to "Rights and Duties of Neu
tral" States," "which are- considered under
the following eight chapter headings:
"Origin and Growth of the Law of Neu
trality," "Duties of Neutral Toward Bel
ligerent States,".. "Duties of ". , Belligerent
Toward ' Neutral . States,". "Legitimate
Neutral Commerce," "Contraband Trade,".
"Neutral Services, Lawful and Unlaw
ful;".. "Blockade,"- "Right of and
Capture." . :.;;.
1 " 'I think 't is th' may'r," says he, 'al
though th' wor-rd brought me was not plain
on that.' » . . ¦¦_...-.¦ ;...«.
"'I thmtc 't is. not.' says 1. 'I think, from
th' looks Iv ye, that th' ma -an who wants ye is
in t^h' corner office on^th' floor below.'
"With that he goes away, - and whin he
comes back he tur-rns out to be wan iv the
biggest taxpayers in th' city, , an' a ma-an that
Ivery wan jumps r-round f'r; an' back 1 go
on th' beat again/' But 't is me ol' chop-house
beat, thank Hiven! Oho! but mebbe he
wasn't mad!" * ' ¦', . •"
¦ [ "Where was it ye'd slnt him, Barney?"
' "Why," replied Policeman Flynn. noncha
lantly. "I sint th' bloodless divll to th' Cor
oner's office, to be sure." ,
• • •
After that Flynn finds the "powers that
to tax his strength, and the other was loaded
down with brass andirons. One of the officers
In the station made a motion to take the booty
away ' from them. . but Poficemah - Flynn in
stantly Interfered. •
"L'ave' tbim alone!" lie cried. "I ' ha-ave
thim with th' goods on thtm, an" I'll not 1'ave
thim put th'- things down till th' maglbthrate
sees thim.' I've" wa-alked thim from a mil-?
awa-ay, an' they'll not be out iv me sight this
night." • • . •;' ¦'.:¦
' ''Walked them!" cried the sergeant "Why
didn't you call the wagon?" . ,
" 'T w'u'dn't do," answered i Policeman
Flynn "I, c'u'dn't keep me eye on [thlntj I
follied behind thim with a gun in me ha-and.
an' ma-arched thim all th' wa-ay, an" they's
no wan takes thim things till th' Judge sees
• ¦
"I didn't; see him at "all," answered the boy.
"I only asked lfjyou saw him." ')'¦'>:
Policeman Flynn took a ' step In the boy's
direction, but restrained himself -from making
any further demonstration. -.. '•¦'•• ...
¦"Ye sh'u'dn't be playin'. jokes on ft' ol'
ma'-an, Terry/' he said. "Where's th' cakes?"
, "I. thought from the way that /you hurried
out that you wouldn't be bSck," -Terry
calmly replied, as he disposed ot the last' pan
cake, y >*'
"Luk at th ! day-plomaey iv th'. la-ad," com
mented Mrs Flynn proudly.
-* . " * • •¦ ¦
; This .is Mr. Flower's first book, and
frohvits excellent quality it is to be hoped
that it Is the forerunner of many more of
the same kind. The good," wholesome tone
and the « delicious humor that rills its
pages deserves , the utmost encourage
ment. •'•¦>•
The series appeared In the Century
Magazine under the title of "Policeman
Flynn's Adventures." In the book recent
ly - published by the Century Company,
New York, some' of .the chapters have
been rewritten and a number of "new ones
added. Price $150. • *
¦ » •• •
Elliott Flower received most of hte
early training as a writer on the Chicago
daily papers. From the first he 'showed
a strong tendency toward the writing of
humor. - In 1893 he joined the staff, of tho
Chicago Evening Post as a paragrapher
arid later had an editorial page column of
his own In which to exploit his fanciful
ideas. Her held -this position until the'
paper changed hands ( in 1901,, and then
devoted himself to miscellaneous writing
A. new magazine has recently made its
appearance in Boston that deserves more
than passing mention. It is called "Ama
teur Work," and is intended as an aid
for boys who have. any liking at all for
industrial work. We have the January
and February numbers before us and find
much to commend. Tne contents of the
January number include -Studies in EIsc
tricity," "A Steam Automobile," "A
Plate Rack," "An Iceboat," "First Cam
era Work," "Mechanical Drawing:." "A
Boy's Bed," "Uses of Paper." "Astronomy
for January" and "New Star In Perseus."
All of the articles are well and clearly
illustrated with photographs or working
plans and so are of practical use. The
subjects and their treatment vary la
range for the benefit of the boy who has
only the simplest tools with which to
work to the lad who is the proud owner
of a complete shop. In the February
number the studies in electricity are con
tinued. The young idea is also educated
in the intricacies of making a medical coll,
a home-made colonial clock, a house boat,
and further given many handy receipts.
"Amateur Work" will prove a lasting
source of delight to any boy.
Death of Chouicha. a Sacramento River
Salmon," by Cloudsley Rutter; "Recent
Outdoor Literature." by Charles Howard
Shinn; "The Unforeseen." by Mary Hard
ing; "Current Books." reviewed by
Grace Luce Irwin; "A Matter of Opin^
Ion"; '"The Rape of the Redwoods."
!v;THE r!SU2sDAY v.OAIj.L;
12
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
? NOW ISSUED.
, Chnrles Warrefli St->ddard'a
u In the Footprints
of (he Padres."
Mr. Stoddar-i sets forth in th's -
work his rVcollect oh* of early
days in Califomii Beautifully
llustrit;d Book rqlbct>rs
should place orders at encein or-
-j-derto secure copies of first ed>
PRICS S! ~O NET.
J
A. iV\. ROBERTSON,
Publisher. .26 Post Street. J
Will be rcpafd lor send- §
fnfi lor ovr illustrated IS
i caialoivc o! original \
-H| ' Cards I
Wk and books, newly dc. M
«ti signed £Jid published j|A
|y ELDER and SHEPAPJ)
fe^K *33 PcctSlrcst /^WtTHE Rose-Soley combination are
well-known characters whose fame
extends outside the pale of tha
Latins' Bohemia. The trip Rose.
Soley and dog. are known best to
the newspaper offices and publishers.
They write in conjunction. Which 13
Rose^and which is Soley has puzzled
many a publisher, but they agree that the
dog is tbe hyphen. He Is their advance
agent. Ke suddenly looms up In the edi
tor's sanctum ;»nd then the editor knows
that the group have evolved another liter
ary effort. Eut to know the real Rose-
Soley one must visit them at their home,
if a Bohemian may be said to have any
one home, for to the real Bohemian every
place is home. . - "
The little three-roomed chack hangs in
midair on the edge of a precipice on the
north side of Tplejrraph Hill— that hill
which is a colony by itself as different
from the rest of San Francisco in .its
peopie and customs as it is in its geog
raphy. The people speak of going down
to the city and coming up from the city
as though they were referring to some
distant place. They are a people sepa
rate and distinct, who live unconscious
of the outside world and have their laws
unto themselves.
While Rope-So!ey & Co. eat they feed
on the inspiration of the panorama of the
bay. *. 7 /' : ;
"And we're going to move on before
that gets to be our only diet," said Mrs.
Rose Soley. She is a practical one. She
has to meet the butcher and baker and
stand them off when the combination
hasn't sold its latest poem.
"You must stay to luncheon." said she.
"The good things are a little slack to
day, for we have a sick neighbor at the
City and County Hospital, and I took
all I had in the house to her yesterday,
but we have plenty of broken crackers.
We get them from the factory and tbey
are fresh. We feed them to our dog.
Have some." This was a compliment in
disguise, for when one knows these good
people he learns that what is good enough
for the dog is fit food for the angels. In
their estimation.
The madam, unlike most literary -wo
men, is a fine cook. An omelet, boiled
tprouts. crackers and cheese was shared
by a number of dogs on the fioor. An
occasional dynamite blast from where
Cray Bros, are excavating for rock just
back of the cottage made us hold our
broken crackers in midair and then look
ominously around to see if the back end
of the cottage was still attached.
seven years ago, and he was : taking them
back to'. Dalmatian' .'.They* had some dif
ficulty in making, Bakulich understand
that the Custom-house ,was not an un-
dertaking' establishment and that, trunks
were not coffins. '; ; .
Matias ¦ is . the proud proprietor and sole
of the Barbary Coast, went home to Aus
tria not long since and brought back a
bride with him aa big as himself. "The
Sandow of the Force" served his time aa
a bachelor for many years. /He' said he
wanted a wife who could look into ; his -
eyes without standing on a chair and even
CalifornJa. with her prodigious growth,
could furnish' nothing for Virgil. Mrs.
Bakulich stands 6 feet 4% inches and is
known as the female Sandow. They come
of a race of giants on the border of the
Adriatic Sea.
„ Bakulich was once held up by a foot
pad' in Los Gatos whom he promptly
knocked down, disarmed, handcuffed and
marched to Jail. When he went back to
his old home he concpived an idea, for
taking back his" father's remains. He 'Had'
the skeleton dismembered at the kncea
and placed in a trunk to save expense
of shipping. The authorities of the' Cus
tom-house at New York were surprised
when they opened the trunk. They were
Inclined to think It was a practical joko,
but Bakulich explained that these were
the bones of his father, .who had been
drowned in a mine in 'California' twenty- 1
The Rose-Soleys are known as Romeo
and Juliet on the hilL The balcony scene
'.is enacted every day.' When Romeo and
the hyphen start down the hill Juliet
comes out on the rose-trelllsed balcony,
plucks a red' rose and throws it after her
love. He picks it up, kisses it and pins
it on his coat-
Soon San Francisco will know these pic
turesque folks r:o more. The spirit of the
wanderer Is at work.
'And yet." said Mr. Rose-Soiey, "I have
no doubt but that we will be homesick as
soon a« we leave the little cottage on the
hill Well miss the gorgeous sunrises
and sunsets: we'll miss the majestic fog
banks that swwp in at the Golden Gale
and the thousand and one ties. that bind
us to San Francisco!"
But stronger than ail in the hearts of
these children of fortune is the "move
on" epirit.
Moving is an easy task for the Rose-
Soleys. They have no furniture save an
old bed. which they can sell to a second
hand rr>sn. and a rusty stove, which the
junk man v.-ill take. Worldly cares in the
way of household goods have they none
and the whole affair is reduced to a sim
ple Bcience. All they have to do Is to pack
their camjjhcr chest, call their; dogs ana
hit the road.
• • • .
1 Virgil 1*. Bakulich. the giant policeman
orten he counts over nothing but chicken
feed and then he lives like a heathen.
And some nights he finds nothing and,
the next day .
."But that does not happen often.
When I have an audience of music-loving
people and play and sing selections frcm
the operas for them then I never thi:.'t
of money, but when I sing 'Goo-goo
Eyes' and 'My Black Baby' it's a hard
way of earning money."
His overcoat is a mammoth apartment
store and he is a walking emporium.' Ha
insists on large and frequent^ pockets.
In the 'side pockets of this overcoat h»
carries the morning papers folded ones
and old manuscripts. From the inner
pockets he can dig up anything front
Ebers' : "Cleopatra" to a needle and
, thread.
Usually the professor i3 a3 silent and
unyielding as the great desert itself about
Egypt. «
But when he gets an appreciative au
dience he draws and explains the hiero
glyphics and talks of Cleopatra and Ram
eses, the Ptolemys and the Pharaoh3 as
though they were old partners.
"Speaking about the great Pyramid, of
Cheops or Kufu," said he. "if I had
money and the permission of the Gov
ernment I would like to use the diamond
drill In the Interior of the king's chamber.
"After the discovery of the mummy of
thegreat Rameses himself I am not sur
prised at the latest discoveries made by
Amerfcan parties. Scarabs? Scarabeua*
They are of three classes; the historic,
with the king's name; the mythological,
with name's and figures of the deities
and the talismanic or lucky amulet."
* Here the professor dug down and with
some difficulty found a dime. "For me,
that i3 the kind of, lucky talisman that I
4 believe in:"
The professor, as well. as Portia of the
restaurant, has* "I' come to realize the
tyranny and power of dollars and cents
Each hails ' from ' a land of romance and
history - and both have that queer com
mingling of native romance and acquired
practicability, immature but- intense.
He continued: ."The land of Kbem—
Egypt— has been made famous by Wilkin
son.. Smith. Mariette. Maspero, Brughs
Bey— all enthusiastic Egyptologists whom .
I know i>ersona!ly."
And here, lighting a fresh cigarette, the
old , professor falls Into a day dream of
Khem and the pyramid* or la Boheme.
.'¦ • •" - - • -. ¦ ' • ¦ ~ '-v-v
he will never be rich. He 13 use ' nis
father, who was a toy-maker In the old
country, and who made a fortune only
to spend it on his friends in having a.
good time and putting oft till to-morrow,
the thought of the responslbilty that
comes with wealth.
Wung Jung . is the only Chinaman al
lowed on Telegraph^ Hill. The rest have
been stoned »by the boys, but Wung Jung
is a foxy Chinese. He bought his right of
way with Chinese candy and nuts. During
Chinese New Yejir he went to no end of
pains to please" the boys] He assumed
the role of Santa .Claus with his basket
laden with a bag for each.
"Heap fine boy ,'\ he tells their mothers.
"He no fire rock— heap good." And the
mothers believe It and Wung gets the
washee, wasnee, and the boys get the
candy. It is a' paying 1 1nvestment for
Wung, for he has a monopoly on the
washing of the hill.
Robert Davios is known as the skeleton
man, not because of his resemblance to
one,', but because, skeletons are his stock
in ;trade. He talks of and barters his
ghastly goods just "as a pawn broker talks
of second-hand clothes. Davis is janitor
of. a medical college and In his spare time
he articulates skeletons for the college.
His workshop and boudoir Is a barelittla
room in the old Metropolitan block.
Skulls and bones are' piled up in one cor
ner with the wire -with which he hinges
them -together — his -day's, work on the
morrow.
"No, ; I am not a doctor, although they
call me doctor. I understand a little
about anatomy. Do I ever make a mis
take and hinge a joint. on the_wrong side?
No, it wouldn't fit. "You can't fit a right
arm in a left shoulder. "Nature arranges
it so I can't. make a. mistake. .
"Where do I get the corpses? The un
claimed bodies are sent from the Morgue
to .the medical college, and after. the stu
dents, get tnrough 1 dissecting I cut "off the
remaining flesh and bpll the bones ; In ' a
large''vat. : I usually put, in a little bi
carbonateof soda. It whitens, the bones.
This skull belonged to a, German. It i&
i-j'wurUtsd by men, who take turns grind
ing. This" ancient .hand press reminds
one of the torture : machines of the In
quisition. It; is heavy work, and when
the. men are /tired old Dematei. the
strong-armed, takes the "press and a cheer
bursts from the crowd as th« grape ;
icives .up' its blood 1 in a purple stream
that soon fills the buckets and tubs.
- Dematei talks of his different brands of
wine just, as a horseman speaks of his
horses. • -.'¦" . ¦>'• ¦'• ' :
"This is- a light wine— a lady's wine."
That is what. he says to the signarinas.
"I will, give the signor a strong spirited
wine." This to, a man who cornea with a
demijohn' to be filled. ¦¦[
And he fills them both from the same
Martinez, 'the. Indian artist, holds forth
above a second-hand clothing store. He
lived for many years In the Latin quar
ter in Paris. Now tie sits and smokes
cigarettes and - looks at his pictures and
dreams' of old .days. „,
"Oh, .this is not like Paris," he says,
depreciatingly. ... "In Paris; if you! talk
about art, they know what you are talk
ing about;' 1 but here, they • think you are
crazy." I know very many people here
viho think I am; just a' little loco— but
some day— we will- see."
He tells many interesting incidents of
• the life of the Bohemians of Paris, of the
struggling ones who enter artistic careers
;¦ without ; -other j' visible support, armed
oftentimes by the courageof despair and:
kept up by Itheir confidence in the talent,
for which they' have risked all in this one.
great throw. \ .". ¦¦'¦¦'.-*,•"
."Plenty of. -work and plenty of'fun
that'was'our (life, in Paris'and plenty of.
good friends,"'. said Martinez with his pe
culiar Spanish-French ' accent. f\
"You know that man Grau— the opera
man? Well. , ; his son was ; studying - in
Paris when I was there. vHe used to come
to my r studio, throw up' the window and
read .Victor*' Hugo in the- original- to the
crowd' that would congregate. He. was a
great" v/it and , would- insert many funny
sayings and the crowd would Ju'st : ; roar
with laughter. See, :here is a caricature
I made of. him; I : have plenty of time" to
finish' my, work now.* '.When, I- go .out in
the Btreet I do", not feel; at home. I: am
anxious to' get back to my pictures. • The
studio is my world."
waiter of a little Mexican restaurant on
; ' Broad way— a veritable "hole in the ' walL"
Until lately Matias'. wife, Portia/ .was the
cook, but prosperity following in the wake
r of- Portia's ;'. peppery ': Mexican : concoctions
has enabled the firm to 'import' a Mexican
chef, while Portia now'/guards the till.
Her .business "is to .see thac.no small
¦; change. gets ', away from the firm. 'When
i Matias, "or Don Antonio, as he is popularly
' called, first sighted Portia she was work
ing in a tarn ale factory. •. ' . - '
¦'¦> "I went to . the • tamale - factory," ex
plained Don Antonio, "to get some ta
males for. my restaurant, arid as^ soon as
I see that Portia I make up my mind to
cop" hereout: for my senora."
She Is a Mexican,; with a "strain of
Aztec, and '. Don "Antonio is an Austrian^
wjrth a- smattering; of languages that en
ables him to hail every one that enters
the door; in his native tongue.; . —
In the afternoon Portia dons her man-'
. lilla. and ;_ takes, her 'market basket:' and
{joes shopping for the firm. Well she has
"learned" the American art of bargaining,
/which, added to her ready jest, brings the
most obstinate sooner or later to' bed
rock prices.. ¦
Matiag has a guest book, which , he de
clares will some day be historic. It is
. filled with poems and drawings 1 and;
toasts, with here- and there.^ a notable's
•i -. ..-.-¦-¦ ¦¦ ¦ .- ¦ - .
name. . . . ' .; i • , .
"And ' many, more that will be famous
some day," says Matias, for Matias al
ways -tends a, sympathetic ear to the
hopes' and ambitions' of the artist v folk
that gather round his board.
To . Dematel's wine ship the laughing
Latins come with their bottles and demi
johns to be filled.
, In' the fall H when grapes are cheap and
the annual Vintage Is. on, the wine shoR
is the center of attention and attraction.
A great, bulky wine press on the street
The ancient '. Bkye terrier of Telegraph
Hill is known as "the old lady." She has
contributed thirty-eight pups to the na
tion and now enjoys a well-earned rest
as a pensioner. Her canine ulster protects
her': from the cold, for "the old lady" Is
asthmatic. The ttlll - fcies her and often
while. making her regular route of dally
visits 1 she has to stop to get her breath.
They feed ' the old dowager every place
she goes and the children always have an
extra cake in their pockets for her. The
result is her ulster had to be let out and
her embonp'oint now permits . her merely
to waddle. .
a • •
' Thirty years ago old Mother Strand
came to this coast to" marry her sailor
lover, who pledged his troth before he
left Sweden. When he got hi3 little pile
and stationary : job as longshoreman In
San Francisco he sent for his bride, who
came out' here, not knowing a WOrd of
English, built a little nest for her; carry
ing every board up Telegraph'Hill himself
almost" to the summit and driving every
nail with his own hand. Old Mother
Strand has always lived on the hill. Here
she raised her family and here her hus
band died and now she and the bulldog
Moses guard the old place on the hill
that to her is so full of memories.
Angelo, the brown man, is a busted mil
lionaire, a has-been bonanza king of the
early days. He suddenly struck it rich
and while he was yet wondering open
eyed at his luck "ad d American dog"
cheated him out of it His one idea now
is to get back to sunny Italy, away from
this place where he declares it is not so
much trouble to get rich as to keep rich.
"There is not much money In brooms,"
says Angelo. "You see, this is only a 20
cent city. New York is a 25 cent city
and much""pecple arc there. If I could get
back there I sure could make money."
But Angelo's companions declare that
surprising how skulls differ in shape
and thickness. This one Is very thick. I
remember the night the German was sent
to the medical college. He was a well
dressed fellow. I went through his pock
ets and found 50 cents. There were ftve
girls there that night dissecting and
when they got through we all went and
had coffee and sinkers at 10 cents per
head. The girls wanted to pay for them
selves, but I told them about the Ger
man's 60 cents and I persuaded them to
call it his treat, knowing that it would
be his last.
"The bones that I have now in stock
I can't do anything with. They crumble^
on me. They are old people's bones and
are too soft to make good skeletons. To
make a really good skeleton the bones of
a fresh young person are the best every
time. But the skeleton business is like
every other business — you can't always
have what you want to work with and
you have to make the best of what you
have. ;.. .
"Sometimes I sell a skull to an artist
or writer. "What do they want them for?
They set them on their Uesk3 and get in
spired. Talking about inspiration, here is
an anonymous poem that was left at the
foot of a skeleton in the British Museum.
Fifty crowns were offered if the author
would come forward and mriTr e himself
known. I often think of those lines when
I am at work." And the skeleton man
recited:
Behold this ruin, 'tis * skua.
Once with ethereal spirtta full.
This narrow cell was life's retreat.
This space was thought's mysterious IMS.
What wondrous visions filled tM» gpot.
What dreams of pleasure long forgot.
Nor hope, nor love, nor joy, nor fear,
Hav left one trace of record here.
Beneath this moldertn? canopy
Once shone the brixtit and busy eye.
But start not aj toe dismal void.
If holy love. that eye employed.
It with no lawless fire It gleamed.
i But through the dew of kindness, beaxaed, •
That eye shall siiino forever, brigat.
When suns and stars are sunk In n2gtt»
.Within this hollow cavern hung.
The ready, swift and tuneful tongas^
If falsehood's honey it disdained. ¦
And when It could not praise was chatwd.
If swift in virtue's cause it spoke.,
Tet gentle concord never broke.
That .silent tongue shall plead for tb—
'•"When time unveils eternity.
Say, did these fingers delve the roln*.
Or with Its envied rubles shin??
To hew the rock or wear the gem,
Can little new avail for them.
Yet if the page of truth they sought.
And comfort to the mourner brought.
Those hands a richer meaJ shall claim
- Than all that waits on wealth or fain*.
Avails it whether bare or shod.
Those feet the paths of duty trod.
If, grandeur's gniltv. bribe they spumed.
And home to virtue's cot returned.
Those feet with angel's feet shall rim.
To tread tho palace of the sky.
Professor de Zara, the Egyptologist,
was brought up at the foot of the pyr.*
xnids. He can unravel ' the hieroglyph \?
history. written on the ancient tombs an l
obelisks. .
But he Is far from his native land to
day and hieroglyphic knowledge la not
practical In America and absolutely un
convertible Into bread and butter.
So the old professor keeps his knowl
edge of Egyptology up his sleeve an-1
plays the piano in a dance hall at nisrl '
When he has finished he mechanical!-.
passes the hat The next day he lives on
the hafs contents. If the hat prov»!»
generous he lives like a prince, but more
THE STJXD A Y: CALL.
13
INTERESTING
CHARACTERS
OF
THE
LATIN
QUARTERUenoU w»» rlpht. Ut-foro the nun went
down tlM mtivejlck wan In a hkh fever,
and i.i dunk hU terth were -clicking Ilko
ruftUnctM. During the night ho bceamo
dfllrtouM, and thfn he wum drlvlna tii<*
mulm mhI building « bnrrlrade and it.—
iii t-h. •<!<<«» In the nirxijuitK, and living
«v«t :<K..li> tho rxrltlnit <*perlrncen of the
pa*! few o«y». Tho off rull<<f look turns
Miiim; up with him. forrliiK him at Inter
vnl» to drink mronn Mark coflVe, into
w lii< ii tiny hnd mined rjuinln« powder*—
«h« only inrdlrlnv In tho ranch plmrma
pupotia.
Whrn Jlrockmcn rame off herd the hoy
wuh tn.'Hnii about on hi* blanket* und
mruir llrnols to hurry und mount. )£<i
put )iix linnd on tin maverick's forrhrnd
mid thru tnvnlnntnilly Mnrted burk as tho
little ch«p nhrlnkrd In lenr: *.'0h, Mr.
Ilrurkmnn, they're ri-«ii>lnn mo!" An h«
throw hJrnnclf about In IiIh delirium a bit
of tin jiii. closely Jolilo.i, fell out of thn
pocket in hli> shirt. Hraclcrnnn took it
up and saw that It waa covered with writ-
CHAPTER XI.
THE MAVEniCK'H KAMILY SKELE-
LROCKMAN OOTJI/D HEAR THEM HELPING AS THEY WHIPPED TH EER PONIES' TO GET WITHIN EANGE.
fer with Benois about his idea.
Allen and Ringer had appointed them
selyes surgeons to Benois. They had sent
Kirby out to peel and trim some long
and wide strips of cypress bark, and
Griner had been ordered to bring in as
much of the sticky red clay as he could
carry up from the branch. Then the in
jured limb was laid bare, and, while the
others chatted with Benois to keep his
mind off the operation, the Belf-appointed
surgeons pulled and rubbed tho fractured
bones into place.
Meantime, Al Gentry was kneading the
clay into putty by the addition of a little
water, and Dalton was shaping the cy
press bark into splints. The wagon cover
was cut into strips for bandage*. Then
the clay-putty was laid in a wide strip
under the Injured leg from thigh to the
ankle, and another strip was laid over
tho leg. These two were molded by preHS
urc of the hands to the shape of th« leg
and to eueh other, lormlng a »ort of plan
ter ciist for the limb. Tim bark splintn
were applied outside of the clay, and
were bound Into place, by strips of canvas
from anklo to hlD.
it was a long, todloua operation, but
thin- frontier nurgoons of no school at alt
were as gentle as women, and 'when it
was over Uenolv declared that tho Job
rould not hnvo been better. done at tho
pout. Months later, tt 1* only fnlr to
Mtate, I'oli* found that Allen and 'Hlnsrcr
liiul Improved on nature. Honots had
been dreadfully bowleirged, No account
had been tnken of thin In setting tho
fractured limb, and when' he wan attain
Abln to walk It won neon thnt the right
Irr wim r'nilKht. whllo thn left Mill re
tained Its how, Whin thlM'wnn pointed
out te» hid surgeon* they cheerfully prom*
lord to tnnkn mutter* all right whenever
l'olr mtw fit to break hlx other leir,
Jlcnnid had ulept well after thn op<?rn»
t Ion. und Ik- wuh Httintf up on his couch
Kmoklnn n pine when Drockman dropped
down benlde him.
"How'n the maverick. 12d7", h« anked.
"Out of his head and telling ("errotu,"
Jlrockmnn nald. and then h* told Ilenotid
the utory he hud pieced together from the
boy's delirious talk. "Whatever she may
"What does he say?" Brockman de
manded, Impatiently..
"He say?' r Benois repeated. "He say?
Why, haven't you read it?"
"N-no," stammered Brockman. "I'm
sure slow at that. What does he say?"
"Why, he don't say nothing. It's from
her— the mother. And say, Ed, she don't
need no man's abuse. Damme if I know
which I'm sorrier for, her or the boy."
"But she ran away and left him, didn't
Bhe?" Ed persisted. .'She might have
qtayed with him, mightn't she? He ain't
nobody to be ashamed of, is he? He ain't;
that I can swear to; so can you, for the
matter of that."
"Walt till you hear this," Benois said,
with another snort. "Walt till you hear
this, and then maybe you'll see a reason
for her doing what, ahe's done." -"
Ho ' read tho letter out to Brockman,
commenting on It at every breath. This
la what tho mother had written:
"My poor, dear, unfortunate lit lie liny—
May the good. Lord give -you courage to
bear, this added trouble and lind you
friends. And If, In abandoning you, as I
now am ubout to do, It Hhould not provo
to !»<• for our ultimate good— an I believe
and pray It will— oh, my little Edward, by
the memory of your dear, dear; father,
never, never doubt that my only motive
was to keep you »ufo from harm and Im
mornl contamination. I Huffer more bo
cause of your unhnpplncHit than from my
own, iumI 1 would nnvor part with you
could I be Hiiro of protecting you from
Injury at tho handM of thin wicked man.
f '\V« aro irolnjf nway, for he him been
unfortunate hero. Ho Miiya wo tnuat tco
to ,i plnco called Henrietta, and he ha«
houitht u team and wmkum fur tho trip. I
darn not take you with uh, und I dura not
lcnve him whllo you a to noun Ha him
tlii'Miti'in «l mo. even an ho him throatonod
you. ii-tiiux" ho tins deceived i me, ho bu*
liiTrn that I now decclvo him, and ho tor
t im mm tne with «en«olc«s aecuiiatloni. IIo
Is IciilniiH even of my affection for you,
ana, alono with hint !n n wild 'country,
he would not control hid hatred of you.
We have no friends to whom wo enn ap
peal, and in my distress I can think of.no
other way to lnaure your safety. So 1
"Something's gone wrong. What is It,
John?". he asked.
'"I'm stumped > as to I what to do," the
boss herder, replied. "I've as good as
promised the herald and Ikard boys that
we'd be plugging along on the trail of
these Indians, and if they've done what 1
asked they may be needing our help. I
reckoned to be traveling -off toward the
Big Wichita by now; but I can't leave
you arid, the maverick behind, and we
can't go a-chaslng Indians in a wagon.
I'm Juat stumped what to do. It the
Kiowas slip by them. 'it won't matter;
but If they run into 'em and the boys get
the worst of It— well, I'd Juat never get
over it."
"J want to quit you for a while and go 1
up to Henrietta," Brockmnn Hald to, him;
"and If you say so I'll mnko n run out by
Ikard'B and try to head them. off."
"That might do," Dalton replied: "but
h'h ii rlrilcy rldq to make alone. . Our.
cattle are pretty badly HCiiUared by this
time and It would rIvo uh a chance to
round them up. But you've juat coma
buck from town. What do you want to,
go .to llunrlotta for, anyway?" •
"It'H n family matter," iiild Donolii, who
buw that nroekman honltated to. reply.
Ah a matter of fact It hod juit occurred
to Urockman that he would hayo comld
ni-uhlq dltllmlty In JiiHtlfylng to tho hard
headed and m im«*m i Itiiftit til foreman his
Intention to mix up In tho maverick's
family itfTatrH. ¦]j«»Jdofl. 1 ho hadn't mndn
up liln mind iim tn.what ho really Intended
to do In Henrietta. Jn truth, nrocltmnn
whb a crentiiru of ImptiiHO, but mo«l of hid
IrnimlHi'H woro-fjyod ones. even. If a trlflo
Quixotic at tlmcM. Bo h«. only nodded,
und did, not 'toll Halton It wn« nomobody
I'lnr'H family mutter that wan taking him
away. ' - .
•"Well, If you wnnt. to rlnlc It, nil right,'.'
l)nlton unld, "Home of our utook may
huv« worked. up fntn Clny County, nny«
way, and.lt mlRhtb« a Rood thing to
nnvoyou Innk around n. bit there for
ntrnyn. Take the lipgt'homo you can find,
and If you can male* Tlcnrd'ii-hqfore dark
you'll 'ba all rlKht. Hut you'd 1 batter 'wait
there until these IClowas get back Into
fldence. '
"If .1 run across anybody that would
like to know how you're getting on," he
said gently, as he turned away, "I'll Just
tell them that I've adopted you."
. Later in the day, while galloping along
the big divide which separates the Trinity
watershed from Union Creek, it suddenly
occurred , to Brockman vthat he did not
know the name of the woman he had
started out to find for some as yet unde
fined purpose,-nor even thatof the man
upon whom he had determined to force a
quarrel at the earliest opportunity. He
blamed himself- at first for" not having
wormed -v this 'information 'out of the boy,
but a little reflection convinced him that,
while tho maverick might have told him
IiIh own name, the little chap would not
have named ,; the gambler who was to
blame for his 'having been hoi adrift to
shift for himself. The . woman, very
likely, wan known by the gambler's name.
To hnve asked for thnt would have been
to. tell the little chap that bis nhnme wa»
no socrot to the men he was living among.
And Drockman would not have given hi*
maverick that f pain for anything In tho
world, ,
lie fell to ¦peculating about what kind
of a: woman thin must bo .who could cut
herself off. from a child whom apparently
nlio IuvimI hm film Invril no one 'oIko, and
then his own words to Henola enmo into
his mind: "Like enough It.was to suve
him 'the shamo of It." Thnt numt be It,
after all, < although bus hud thought ,dlN
tvi'i'iiily whim ht) limird ltonols road her
Hitter. Yen, tlim mum ho It, for what
mother would tall h«r slmmo to her child?
llclurn Him Itittur WHH iviul, lie mmiikim*
orcil, lit) hud ImiukIiimiI hn knew tint typn
of wotnnn;.»he wim big and flushy . itnd
Niiiitl aiitl n«ii»(UliioUliiK. like 1 hundreds of
nlli'MM who hud K"t a IIMIm further nlonif
und whom lm hail flpon'ln tho fra«*arul*
i'umIi'm und ilniiMii IuiIIm; mica started, they
all w>nt tho Bumn wny, ho. told him
¦elf. Hut ilnco that letter (ho .noftnnod
as he thought of whnt nho inum have
Muttered wh«jn writing It)— since hn had
hud 'a glimpses of her grief through her
own eyt'M— ho had tak«n u now marital
photograph of her. /-He - felt sure now
"Been having, a bad* dream?" Brock
man asked.
"They're coming again. I heard them,"
he said.
"Who?" Benois asked, while Brockman
took a look about In the brush.
"Indians," the boy replied.
"Kinder late In the day to be getting
scared, my maverick." .Ed said, with a
tsmile meant to be rcattsuring. "You're
nervous and you Just droamed about 'em "
"Hell! 1 believe he's right. Ed " Benolx
cried. He had fallen back, and now nad
his ear to the ground. "Something**
coming; J can hear It."
Urockman bent to the ground and
caught a rumble off toward the prairie
"Jt's th« boys with the wagon, I reckon,"
he tsald.
"Wonder if those Indians have made
for the Territory, or if they're hanging
around In the brush for another try at
the bunch." Brockman said, rather sud
denly changing the subject. "1 saw half
a dozen of 'em sneaking up back of the
corral when 1 started the herd."
"They ain't waiting, or they'd have
come out in the open after us before
this," Benois replied. "They know the
country's up behind 'em on account of
the M'.lliken killing. Bet they're making
tracks for the Nation right now as hard
as ever they can."
Of a sudden the maverick sat bolt up
right and stared about him in a frightened
manner.
"Well, I owe him one mighty good
turn," Benois said, "and when it comes
my way to do anything for him, I hope
I'll break the other leg If I ain't saddled
up and ready."
"It dun't ki< in quite right thnt he should
i" knocking around In a placu like this,"
13rnol» Mm! ;iin r a tinir. chitting hia
position und groaning with puln us !><• did
io. "He muKt have rotnv folks, Ed, ub
will be wondering where he \i?. He's
marked for the uguc, too, if ever &. chap
wub. Look linw white he is, and how
blue hlK lip* urc. Why, he'll be tshakiiig
lit to kill hiettelf before the day'* out. I'll
huvv company while I'm laid up, if the
signs ain't changed."
"He does iook used up," Brockman
agreed, studying the boys face. "Poor
little chap. But he's better off with Ub
than he would be in there lying around
the post. He don't want to\ talk none
about his people for some reason. His
mother's gone away for a time, and he
must learn to do something against bhe
gets back, so that he can take care of
her. That's the way he puts it. But
there's them at the post, as I told you,
that say she's gone oif with a short-card
man He says his father is dead, so I
guess the mother must have been driven
by hard luck into taking up with the card
sharper. Hi.s thinking she'll come back
to him is what puzzles me. Like enough
she went away to save him the shame of
it. Anyway, he's my bunkie from now
en till he's able tc take care of himself."
"We couldn't .find hl» sign." said Ed.
"You xnuKt have rubbed it out after him.
But how did he come to be down when
you were thrown?"
"He wasn't." Benois said. "Just nulled
up und t-.i'l off when he t*aw the buckhktn
in in i lit-. Didn't know he wan atiywheio
around until he gave me a hand to get
mil from under. Then 1 told him to mount
and lite out, and hu 'lowed the bronk
could carry double. Then we had the
fUMt about It."
"Well, for a little cutis he's mighty
hundy." Kd nald, regurdlng his muvcrick
with admiration; "mighty handy, not to
be Texan bred."
"No. You stay here and look after
them, and I'll 'tend to the wagon," re
plied Daiton. "The boys ought to be jubt
about starting in with the norses, and it
won't take us long to hitch up."
In another minute he was tearing his
way out through the brush, and a few
seconds later they heard him galloping
away across the prairie. Worn out, the
maverick dropped beside Benois and soon
was fast asleep.
"This'll save your boy a hard job. Eu,"
said Benois. "Another trip like last
night's would about finish him."
"What do you mean?" Brockman asked.
"And how did he get here, anyway?"
"Why. if you fehows hadn't found us I
reckon he'd a-been a-dragging of me off
tc the ranch by now. Never could have
got under cover if he hadn't helped me.
Carried my gun and stood by me like a
big one. Wanted to help me up on his
mount, but the bronk broke away while
we were lussing about it. Expected they'd
be a-comine out of the timoer on us at
any minute, so we made for this bot
tom."
Benois came to and saw the maverick
standing at his feet. He smiled laintly.
"You'll do, young one," • he mutteied.
Then he saw the others, and raised him
self on one «lbow to -greet them. "I've
got it good and hard tnis deal," said he.
"It'll be a long time before X can sling
that over a saddle again." and he gazed
ruefully at the fractured limb.
"That's all right, Pole," Dalton said,
cheerfully. "We ain't like people thai
can't take care of you while it's mending.
But well have a job to get you to the
ranch."
"We'll need the wagon to take him
in." said Brockman. 'Hadn't I better
make a. break for it?"
CHAPTER IX— Continued.
/¦^f o at a gallop they followed the
trail left by Benois, and where it
y^ c-nttred the brush they pulled up
!<./ i.nd siiout^d his name. There was
A *io answer at rirst, but at the sec-
cail the busbes at one side were
paiUai. The maverick peered cautiously
out. and. seeing tin in. said very soberly:
"Ciood morning, Mister Brockman!"
CHAPTER X.
THE FRIENDS BENOIS FOUND IN
HIS NEED.
"Well— I'll be cUiiuntd!" Brockman
ejaculated, compromising between a de
eire to shout for Joy and au. inclination to
, laugh at the great gravity of the boy.
"litre we are. ui-sheuding tears for you,
und there you stand, a-refusing to be
dead and a-telling of us howdy like the
jjarson a: the post. Now, this ain't white,
my maverick. You're a-dragging of the
liair-DiamoniJ L. in the dirt."
he had Jumped from his horse while
reudins the boy this lecture, and pulled
him ironi the brush and turned him
aiuurid to assuie himself that the little
cbap ieally was all right. Dalton inter
rupted.
"iV Hire's Benois?" he demanded.
"lu there by a water-hoie," tue maver
ick leylied, pointing into the brush.
"He's nun. and lie's just gone to sleep.
lit led the way tnrough tne thicket to
a teruo-oak near the bank of a muddy
little yooi. and ihere beiiuis was i'ounu,
\yilig oil nis back with ais chaps (.leather
legg.ngs) lOileu up under his nead for a
piuow. His lace was pule and drawn,
ui.a the Loot liaa been cut away from his
right foot. Beside him on one siae was
ins cartridge uelt, a.nd on the othei,
wuhUi esisy reach of his hanu. lay his
Wiuchesier.
"Poor oie Pole," said Brockman.
"Looks almost like he was done for .this
time."
".bring up some water In your hat. Eu, '
Dalton sa:a, alter having shaken Benois
and tailed to arouse him. "This ain't
b.eep. He's played out from pain." .
Aii examination disclosed that Jienois"
rijjht leg was oroken in two peaces, one
liaciure being above and the other below
the knee. \> hiie they worked tf. bring
him out of his faint the maverick told
them what they already had studied out
lor themselves— that Benois' horse had
fallen and roiled over upon him.
desert you/ God forgive me if I am doing
wrong. ¦
"Oh, my dear,- dear child, pray forme
as I- will always pray for you. Try to
got something to do and be a brave little
man. . There must be an end to this soon,
and if I live I .will come back to you.
Be nrave and strong and good, and if you
are compelled, to -go away leave a letter
for mammy withthe^commandantat the
post, saying where you have gone— for I
feel that God surely will soon release me
from, this bondage. .
"Oh, my boy, forgive and pray for your
unhappy , . - . ¦ MOTHER."
"Pole." said Brockman, as he took the
letter and thrust it back into his pocket,
"I'll leave the maverick with you. Take
care of him till I get back. And if I
don't come back, why, have, a try at that
card-sharper yourself." • .
"You ain't a-going to quit the hunt, are
you?" Benois asked. - '
"I'm a-going to Henrietta," Brockman
replied.
CHAPTER XII.
BROCKMAN AS A NEW DON
QUIXOTE.
Dalton came into the room where Be
nois and Brockman were and he seemed
worried. Benois was the first to notice it
the nation .before you strike across for
Henrietta." ¦'¦!-¦ - , • . •
Brockman i selected a, big gray stallion
for his mount— an. animal that had lorded
it over' a bunch of wild horses. until one
day- when, with most of his herd, he
walked into a- blind corral and found
himself trapped. Brockman had broken
him-aftef a great dedl of trouble, and he
knew : the animal .. had .: no equal in " that
part of the country either for.speed or for
endurance. When he had saddled the
gray and ldoked to . his Winchester and
six-shooter and stuffed some Jerked beef
and some, biscuit into his. saddle pockets;
he went in to say a word to the maverick.
He found the little 1 fellow conscious, . but
very weak. ¦.«.-. . . •,
"I'm going away for. a time," -he said,
simply. "Benois will look after you. as
weir as he can, and you must look after
Benois."
"Where are you , going?" the boy
asked. . -
"To Henrietta," Ed replied. "Do you
know anybody there?"
The maverick covered his face with his
hands and did not answer. A. little later,
when he took his hands away to cling to
Brockman's big fist, there were tears in
his eyes, but he said nothing. Brockman
made no further attempt to force his con-
mg. He put l\ in his own pocket. Then
he bathed the maverick's face, forced
some quinine coffee between his lips and
sat down to watch beside him.
All night long the boy talked in a wild
manner. New he was imploring some
one to come away with him; and again
ht was declaring that another some one
had better make good his threat to kill
him or else stop being cruel to the ilrst
some one. Then he wou;d fall to petting
that first some one, pleading with her no:
to cry, and promising that it would all be
right as>"so«n as he could get work and
make money enough to take her "back
home."
And then for a moment he imagineu
they were there. "This Is home," he cried,
sitting up on his couch and stretching
out his arms — "Kentucky, mammy! Good
old Kentucky!" Then the mother slipped
away from him. for he fell back crying,
"Oh. she's gone— she's gone!".
There was more, much more. In the
same strain; some of it of a nature to
make Brockman grit his teeth, and all of
St showing him Glimpses of a life which,
in his conscious moments, the boy hud
done his best to conceal. And as he lis
tened and pieced together the rambling
talk an idea began to take shape in his
mind. Finally, with the coming of day
light, the boy fell Into . a heavy sleep.
Then Brockman left him and went to con-
be otherwise," said -he, "she's everything
to him, anu she- did- a cowardly Unrig. to
runolt and leave him. If she don't know
it now, she will when I gee a chance at
her. And if I don't give "that card-sharper
cause to threaten' somebody bigger than
the maverick, then 1 don't Know my own
brand." . '¦'¦
"I'd like to get a crack at that fellow
myself." Benoia said, "but it ain't likely
that we'll ever come across him.' If he
knows when the paymaster's due, he may
get back to ¦ Jacksboro then to skin , the
soldiers. Outside of that it's a blind trail.
We don't know whore he's gone, nor even
what he calls hisself." ¦'• :
"Maybe this wii.1 tell us," Ed said,
handing Benois the paper that had fallen
from the maverick's pocket. ~
Benois knocked the asnes out of. his
pipe, laid it aside, took the paper, opened
it very deliberately and settled. himself
back comfortably to read it. Almost at
once his manner changed, his brows con
tracted, and he drew himself up. into a
tense attitude. Brockman watched him
intently, unconsicously-mimicklng his ex
pression. When Benois finished with a
snort of indignation and crumpled the
paper in his hand, Brockman also snorted,
clenched his lists, and then sprang to his
feet. .
"The rope's too good for a man like
that," Benois declared, with an oatb. >
that she was a little, clinging. a ffec j*> n :
ate, timid woman that a- man could
frighten with a frown. He had known a
woman like that once, and she had a big
brute of a husband who was unkind, to
her; there was something about her that
used to make him think of a dog-tte
more she was abused the closer sne
would cling to the man who HI;" 3 " 1 her
Yes. surely, this must.be another sucn
woman; for one of. the bold and n asn y
sort would stand up for her own. a~nu
. tight and cut throats for him if . nece^ a 5^,
. Brockman never had come in . contact
with the type of womanhood that is a
martyr to conscience and duty as a ™ sm \
of religious training and culture, and it
•puzzled him to make the inherited mental
qualities and the patient courage of hb
maverick fit In with the weak character
he had Just reasoned out to be that boy a
mother.- . - ':¦"
"However It happens, It's a da 11 " 1^
shame," he muttered, as he pulled up to
study the basin of the Big Wichita, which
lay before him. "and I'm going to fet .it
right if any one man can do it. I " see
him through— and his mother, too, lor
his sake." \; ¦¦- y •"¦.••- - r S\ 111
He; had started down the divide into
the wooded bottom of the Wichita when
the gray stallion suddenly came to a stand
and, throwing up his head, sniffed the
air. Brockman regarded the timber sus
piciously for a moment, then pulled tne
Winchester from beneath his leg and
pumped a cartridge Into the barrel. At
' the same time the stallion pawed the
earth and neighed shrilly. From the tim
ber then there came a succession 01
whinneylngs, betraying the presence in
its shade of a number of horses.'
"Good old boy," said Ed, patting. the
stallion's neck. "With your nose and my
eyes they'll sure need a right smart trap
to catch us." "'-
Brockman turned his horse back up the
divide. There came a halloo from the
timber, and the runner from Milliken's
rode into view and waved his hand.
. Half a dozen men followed him out of
the timber, i One of these, Brockman rec
ognized as Foreman Wilson of the Herald
outfit. He waited for them to come up,
and learned that they were on the way to
Join Ikard's men. '
"They were all out on a round-up when
I reached the Herald camp." the runner
from Milliken's explained, "and I had to
wait for them to come in. We re going
on now to get Ikard's men out." N
"Then there's no need of my going any
further," said Ed. "You all can tell them
that we've got one man laid up with a
broken leg, and another sick, and Dalton
can'l leave them alone. He was afraid
you'all might go out after the Indians,
thinking that he was trailing them up,
so I was sent to tell you that we couldn't
follow. We've thinned "em out a few.
though. They ain't as many by eight as
they were when they came In. I'm going
to strike across here to Henrietta, but If
-I hit a fresh trail I'll turn back to Ikard's.
They must be off to the northeast of- us
here somewhere, and if you're going out
after them my advice to you is to try
and 'bush them up above, near the- falls,
;or over where the big buffalo trail crosses
Pease Rfver."
"We'll have a try at them, anyhow,"
* Foreman Wilson said. "They got some of
our horses the last time In, and we owe
' them a llcklnp. If we find they haven't
crossed the Wichita, we'll turn back
across country and hunt them up."
With that .understanding they parted
companv. Brockman turning off to the
east and the others continuing up the
Wichita. After crossing the Little Wich
ita. Brockman bore away to the south of
Henrietta, not caring to risk an encounter
single-handed with the Kiowas, and be
lieving them to be near by to the north.
. It was night when he reached a point al
most due south of and about twenty
seven miles- from Henrietta. He knew
of .a little stream there where the trail
from Jacksboro crossed, and expected to
make camp for the night near the 1 cross
ing. He could then reach Henrietta In
the morning in time for breakfast.
As he drew near the crossing he saw
a campflre 1 pHmmerinsr In th^ brush near
the trail. "Buffalo hunters." he said to
himself, "and nhorthorns . at that, else
they'd have put their fire out at dark.
That's an Invlt* to call that a Kiowa
could nee with hl» eves shut."
Without dismounting he made a recon
nolssanee, and saw a wagon drawn uo at
one.*!dfi tt the trail. He waited to hear
voice*, and. not hearlmr them, drew
nearer. A little cru*t of. wtnd caiifttrt the
fire to 1 flarw up brljchtly for a moment,
and by It* llsrht he cntieht a rllmp«« of a
woman seated in n delected attitude on a
blanket beside the wagon.
CHAPTER XIII.
THE LONE CAMPER. ''7
As she heard the tread of an approach
ing horse the woman started up and
called out tremulously: "Is that you,
James?"
. "Nope," aald Brockman, as he rode Into
the camp; "this chap was christened Ed,
and his mad brand Is Brockman. Howdy,
ma'am; and whore's the men folks?"
"I thought it was my husband," the
woman said falteringly. "He has gone
to look for one of our horses. Won't you
—won't you get down and have some
coffee?" she asked, hesitatingly, as tf un
certain whether she ought to extend the
Invitation.
S "To be sure, and thank you for It," Ed
replied heartily, wondering, as he dis
mounted, -where he might have met this
, woman, so familiar did her voice Bound
to him. As he turned toward her, one
arm thrust through his bridle reins and
the thumbs of both hands hanging on the
edge of the cartridge belt at his hips, she
shrank back toward the wagon as if In
some sort of dread of him.
"I can go on, ma'am," he said gently,
"if you feel uneasy. about me." K
"No, no," she replied hurriedly, as If
ashamed that she had mistrusted him.
"Have ~ something to eat first." Then
from the boot of the wagon she brought a
tin plate and a cup and a knife and fork,
which she placed upon the blanket. ' From
the fire she took a skillet with some ham
In it, and the coffee pot and a platter with
a pone of bread upon it. These she
placed beside the plate, and invited him
to help himself. v
"Is James likely to be gone long?" Ed
asked, as he dropped the bridle reins so
that the gray might browse.
"I cannot tell; 1 hope not," his hostess
replied, her suspicions evidently aroused
again by the question. . '
"Well, as he ain't here to do it," Ed
said, "I'll Just bank this fire. for him. It
shows too bright out there on the prairie
and might bring him some troublesome
company." As he spoke he heaped the
ashes up over the blazing embers.
"You don't seem to have had much
luck with the buffalo," he went on, as he
plumped down and helped himself to the
food, "seeing as you haven't any. hides.
¦You should come down on our range.
They're plenty enough* there — out Union
Creek way. And a precious lot of trouble
¦ they give us. for they feed in among the
¦cattle, and every time they wind one of
us they stampede like mad, and the fool
steers Just run off with 'em and keep us
a-killlng of our horses to cut 'em out."
"We are not buffalo hunters," the
woman Bald, smiling at his mistake.
"No? Then what in the name of tho
great muley cow have you been a-camp
lng here a week for? Nobody that knows
this country would come here to picnic."
"How do you know that we have been
- here a week?" the woman asked, all sus
picion again.
' "You'd never have burnt wood enough
to make that pile of nshes In less time,"
Ed replied, pointing to . the smoldering
* campnre. ''That's how I know it.
You're not thinking nbout taking up
land herp. are you? Not that I want to
Knoon Into your affairs; but thin here Is
no nfftca for a white woman. It's too closo
to tho line, and there's too many Indiana
coming In from the Nation every moon."
••We are on our way to Henrietta." said
his hontcBd, wearily. ''One of our harass
Btvuyt'il off In the night a f«w days ago.
nnd I feur h« hue gone hack toJackahoro.
My hUHbanil nun ridden off on thq other
onctn^rureh of him."
Urotrkmiin Ift hi* Wntfe fall clattering
on hU i»lnte and whlatledi noftly as ho
Mtiucu Into th« fuce of the woman tioforo
him. , , , .
/"Are you Acquainted much In Jacks<
born?" ho rmked suddenly.
"No," mild nho. a\*-rtln* hit face.'
"I didn't know but you might hnvn » fl «n
n !lttl>i friend o* mine there"' he wont on
hurriedly, as I* afraid that she. might In
terrupt him. "A little chup, natn« of Kd
ward, that was left there by his mammy
when nho up ami run off- with a enrd-
Bharpwr— more shame to h«r for forgetting
that she was a mother."
Tho woman started up with n cry.
"What do you mean?" she asked, clnsn
' Ing her. hands and staring into his face.
""Why do you come here to say this to
me? Is this some trick of my husband's?"
"This ain't nobody's trick but mine,"
Brockman said gravely, as he rose to his
feet. "That little chap is my bunkie.
I've got him in charge. I've adopted him.
He belongs to me now, and his trouble is
my trouble. I've come out to find hia
mammy— was going to Henrietta to hunt
for her and that there gambler'. Not to
hurt her," he protected, as she drew
away from him; "not to hurt her. though
I won't say as much for the gambler.
.UUt just to tell her that the little chap is
down sick— sore in head and heart and
body at the way he's been treated. Not
that he complains to me, or to any one.
Oniy that the fever gets into hia head
and makes him see things and talk about
them I ii never have known any. more
than those folks at the post know. But
he's siek and grieving for a sight of the
woman that ran away from him to— to
go off with a blackleg. And he's plan
ning all the time When the fever's on
how he's going to take her home and
care for her. So I just made up my mind
to lind her and tell her so. and to tell
her as well, that if there's any decency
left in her she'll up and go back to Jacks
boro and wait there until— well, until he'
can take her back to Kentucky. That's
what I ve come out to tell her."
The woman sank soubing beside th«
wagon. "You don't know." she cried—
"you 'do not know. It was for his sake
—to save him— that I left him so." She
covered her face with her hands and
trembled violently in the effort to sup
press her emotion. "I knew that ho
would suffer," she moaned; "but I had
begged him to be brave and to wait. Oh.
my poor iittle boy!" '
jJrockmun's mind turned to the letter
of farewell that he had in his pocket, and
his conscience smote him. That waa sin
cere, he felt sure, and the grief- of this
woman at his feet was pitiable. He be
gan to fear that he bad taken too much
lor granted. He was a big brute, he told
himself. "What right had he to set him
self up as this woman's Judge? Besides,
there surely was something back of it all
that he did not know. The woman did ¦
not love the card-sharper; that much was
clear from her letter to the boy. Why.
then, did she desert a child whom she did
love to go with a man for whom she cared
nothing. That was the puzzle. She had
spoken of the gambler as "my husband."
Perhaps, after all, he was her husband!
What a fool not to have thought at It
before! And he had just been treating
her as if she were a woman of the town*
had talked to her as to a person who had
degraded herself by traveling with a
man who, whatever else he might be,
was perhaps her legal protector. It It
should turn out that way, he said to him
self, then he had done the maverick urn
good, and had only wounded somebody
who was very dear to the boy. What *
blunderer he was, anyway, and how It
hurt to look at that woman to tears.
"Look a-bere. Missus Jim"— Brockman' •
voice was a bit husky in spite of bis
effort to be calm as he bent over her—
"will you just answer me one question,
for the boy's : sake?"
"Yes; I have nothing to conceal," she
sobbed.
"I don't want to hurt your t eelin*s any
more, but— are you truly married to 'this
cuss?"
"What right have you— what right has
any one to doubt it?" she cried fiercely,
getting upon her feet. "Yes; to my ever
lasting n;isery. I am hia wife. The shame
of that lies only in the deceit he prac
ticed on me, and In bis cruelty to my
child."
Brockman struck his clenched right
hand upon the palm of his left. '¦ It was
as If he were punishing himself for a
fault.
"Then I've wronged you, and I can't
say no more than that I'd sooner have
been beat to death than have done It. I
wanted to do something for the boy — to
turn you back for his sake if things had
been different. It'll do you good anyhow
to know that he has friends who won't let
him want for anything thgy can give
him. And you can Just say to yourself.
If ever there should be need, 'My boy's
friends will be my friends,' and you won't
be making any mistake. I'm— I'm sorry,
Missus Jim." a
She made no reply, and he went on:
"I'd better be going before that gam
bler gets back. Seeing that he really is
your husband, I ain't got no business with
him. But I don't like to leave you here
alone. The country ain't safe ¦, when th*
moon's like thia. When did be go out
after that horse?" *
"At noon of the day before yesterday."
she answered, sobblnr more tfoftly now.
for the cowboy's willingness to befriend
her, as he had befriended her child,
touched her deeply, and made, her willing
to forget the brutal . things hejhad said.
"And you've been here all alone sine*
then?" he asked in astonishment.
She' nodded. "The strain and/ the
solitude have made me a bit hysterical.
I'm afraid," she said, as if offering an
¦ apnloKy for her weakness. "And I've
been tortured by a horrible fear that per
haps— perhaps—" .* "
'.'That perhaps you might be left
here?" the cowboy suggested.
She buried her face In her hands and
did not reply.
"You might have been scalped a dosen
times as it is," he said to her then, "for
the country's 1 full of Indians. You must
ge out of this. You can't go on waiting
here. I'll take—"
There came a scream from the gray
stallion. They turned Just In time to see
a dark form vaulting for the saddle. It
did not land there, for the stallion
swerved and made a sudden buck Jump
which dislodged it. As It was falling a
pair of wicked heels shot out and caught >
the intruder fairly upon the head, casting
him senseless and bleeding at their feet.
At the sight of the Indian the woman
reeled and would have fallen had not
Brockman caught her.
"We can't stay here/* he cried.
"There's sure to be wore of them near
by. We must run for It."
While speaking he had dragged her
toward the stallion. He lifted her as If
she were a child and placed her in tne
saddle. Vaulting into place behind her.
he slipped his left arm under hers and
gathered . the reins. Then, taking his
six-shooter in his right hand, he headed
the gray toward Jacksboro. .The stallion
refused to move out. As Brockman let
feel the spur he backed off In the
opposite direction.
"There must be something I can't sea
out there ahead of us." said Ed, "and he
knows it. We'll have to make for Hen
rietta. It's a shorter run, anyhow."
Turned in the way he wanted to go and
given his head the biff stallion plunged
through the brush and out upon the trail
to the north. As they made the open
prairie a chorus of fierce yells and half a.,
dozen shots from beyond the wagon told
them that their flight, was discovered.
"Don't be afraid," he said, as he ft-lt.
her tremble in his arms. "LiKe enough
they were all down. They've got to get
back to their mounts before they can
follow. And there ain't a horse in the
country that can hoof it with thl* one." : I
There was no reply, and looking down f
Into her face as the big gray horse bore
them swiftly along, Brockman saw that
she had fainted.
CHAPTER XIV.
A CHANCE SHOT.
Fairly out upon the trail, with open
country ahead and none of their pursuers
yet In Bight. Brockman eased the gray
up. With twenty-aeven miles to go. and
with a double burden to curry, It was noc
eaaary to nave htm an much as po*«tblo
In order that he might, when culleu upon,
be able to head off a rush. So at a long,
HwtnglnK lopo, which cost him little ef
fort while It carried them ahcuul at a
Hirmly puce, the big atnlllon martt> hi*
way northward, responding on the In
stant to the lightest touch of the lines
upon hla neck urul onrrylna himself as
nromlly n* » champion.
- Drockmun hsul "Hppud his *ix-*hont«r
b«ck Into th« hoUtor ho mm to hav* both
hiuulrt fr«H- t«> nupnort the il«iiul weight of
hi:t companion. Now h»» llft.it h«r out of
the Hftit ami •ml Into It hlrmtnlf, holding
her iieronn his limtvt in n niiitlwr eurrU-*
ii child. Her half had fulltin down, ttiut
tho WllHl IrtUI It UP .IKIllll :t tu , «!het'IC
i.nv.MiMKiy. muklnir in* i.i.,.,.i tlnsla
»lr»tM8rly.
They wrru nut wftrr th^m i>ow, llronK*
iiiuii ioiiI.i hear them ytlpln* n« thry
whipped t li**tr ponkM to «nt within run*».
mid pri'K^ntiy lie could mnkf them out mm
he Klnntrri over hl« HhoiiUt^r— Muck
•Itnd'iw* racing nl«n« tit the moonlight, n
jirmit nwnrm of thfrn. aprvad nut no mi
to h^nii him off wnr* b* to turn «tthor f
to tho right or to th« l«ft.
concluded Next Weak
14
BROCKMAN'S MAVERICK
~ '.Q1/AILBY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
fHE girl of summer comes tripping
' toward us and it Is pleasant to go
out to meet her upon the way.
She wears a sunny smile, as befits
her mission, and an artless man
ner. She also wears. a shirt waist..
When will woman ever be divorced from
this shirt waist of hers? It is as though
she had looked long for that which she
sought and having once found It had de
termined to cling to it forevermore.
lii selecting the shirt waist a«s her con
stant friend the woman of to-day has
shown her good taste; she has forever
freed herself from the charge of not
knowing a good thing when she taw it.
Hygienic, pretty, inexpensive, becoming,
stylish, useful, easy to obtain; all these
qualities and many more can . be attrib
uted to the summer shirt waist.
It would be well if. with its other un
fading virtues, the shirt waist could be
maintained at its original cost, which was
of a dollar or less. But it bas received
Important additions that have made U
costly end it is to-day not so cheap a
waist as it was. •
You can get a very simple thing in thjn
The shirt vwalst of' very fine goods,
whether it be an India lawn or a sheer
muslin or a fine" linen, or one of the new
and deliciously soft grass linens, is placed
in the social scale of fabrics along with
silk and satin. - ..
The full blouse or the blouse that bags
Very justly have such waists taken
their places along with the very fine
things of dress. They, are to be worn
with white satin skirts this summer, J for
piazza and lawn occasions, and will oc
cupy places of honor at high teas. They
rank with the silk muslins, with tne
crepe de chines and with the taffetas and
with satin Itself.
.-;.•-;.>.'¦ v ¦ . ¦ ¦ - ? Tv
white goods, ' sheer enough to show the
rose of your finger tips, with some ¦ pin
tucks running from the neck bairn down
to the bust, and with a band of open
needlework extending around the blouae
just above the belt line. The needlework
looks very nice and there is an air of re
finement to the waist.
You u«k the price, expecting it to be
some moderate Mini, and are amazed to
rind it immoderately large. The waist
happens to be an India lawn and the
needlework a hand embroidery, telling of
hours of time and eyesight, so the sales
woman intimates. .
all the way over the belt is seen again.
It calls for a great deal of beautifully
trimmed material and it also calls for. ex
tremely good fitting, for of all waists* the
full blouse is the hardest - to make set
well.
A New Sleeve.*
The blouse sleeve that goes with this
waist Is interesting. If it is not a'.leg-V
mutton It is suspiciously like one. Its
top ¦ Is tucked and the tucks come ' down
to the elbow, while below there is a great
shirt, bosom and alii. with this difference,,
that *> there ; is more breadth ; across the
shoulders// ¦¦'¦,,' v, : ' -¦¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦'•":.•¦.-.- v
The prime object of this waist is to give
a woman width across j the figure ; without
fullness. : The • ruffled epaulette Is : not - in
style,- nor'ls: the shoulder puff.. -But .this
waist ¦ broadens theform by the laying of
Somebody, It may have been the spring
poet; . has discovered ' that the shirt waist
makes woman, look younger. .Perhaps
woman herself has discovered this long
ago, and that Is -.the reason why she
wears it so continually. , She herself— fair
woman— declares that .' she wears 1 1 be
cause it Is becoming. Can it be "that she
has •¦ wedded (the ; qualities of : youth , and
prettlness , in - one ; summer garment? .
,: Mrs. Langtry Waist.
The Jersey Lily, Mrs. Langtry, who will
FASHIONABLE TIDINGS FOB THE WOMAN WHO WILL
SPEND THE SEASON IN A SHIRT WAIST AND FOR THE
ONE WHO IS NOT PREPARED TO LAY OUT A MILLION UPON
THIS NOW FAMOUS LITTLT. ARTICLE OF SUMMER DRESS—
THE WAIST AS IT IS MAKING ITS APPEARANCE IN LON
DON, IN PARIS AND IN THE FASHION CENTERS OF THIS
One wide strip of the Insertion extends
from under the chin, right down the front
of the waist* to the belt. Then comes a
cluster of - narrow tucks. Then a wide
bund of needlework reaching to the arm
holeH. Thun the front of the waist Is al
most exclusively of the insertion, but it
huts just enough of the cambric to main
tain Its HhnjH; and body.
Too many Ktilrt waists are made this
summer without re Kurd to servleeable
nenH In arty way. They have, n» the shirt
wal»t makers nay,, "no body," ' and • they
cannot, be <ftspecU>d to wear well and -they
do not wear well.
. There is a charming waist that is made
In the pastel colors, . pale pink, pale
blue, pale graji and butter, color. . It is
really so serviceable and so well adapted
to-many occasions; that a! dozen' of It
would, not be tqo'many In this. summer's
.wardrobe. Its pattern is a very, simple
.blouse "and Its pnly trimming Is needle
work, insertion. Tnis can be bought,' for
it need not be hand made, and the 1 man
ner, of placing it in the waist Is one that
shows It off well. .', •.'¦. '.
¦ The. girl ,who is going to/spend the
summer in a shirt '/waist,' would do well
| to- "make-tip : s tocke^by th"e" iwieri. ' Foe,- ttto '
;• moment there is a*.demand'i for, the. white'
.' stock no other wity- do.>'Of these'. the
summer girl should nave a hundred and
all Should be tall and trim and "plain.
Probably : the; fussy stock: will arrive In
, due seasqn.ybut now there' is a reaction ¦
from the velvet stock- of winter tind the
• call Is for the- stiff, thing of. muslin,"* of
linen, of whlte» no matter what it-be, 1
duck or canvas, just .so it- is. white and
¦ cut on the new and improved \lines. - '•'•¦
The Stylish Stock.
a plait or fold at the shoulder line. It is
not.a- difficult thing to accomplish; but the
material must be a stuff with a body,
isuch'.as madras cheviot', heavy cambric,"
mercerized cotton, coarse linen and • the
cotton lawns. Canvas is also used.
'' "Plaids"* in' 1 cotton make up. well in
this shape, and the only/trimming that is
needed Isa little row of pearl, buttons
across the front and ¦ down the middle
plait. -.. • - ¦
A; self-stock is worn with the shirtwaist
of. the. more serviceable variety. The
popular style for this stock is the wash-,
able shape, which calls for a long,
straight .piece, of the goods, so planned
that- it' can be crossed In the back and
the ends brought around ; to the front,
.where they; come in under, a buckle of
the plainest sort. The simple .harness'
buckle is the approved one and the whole
has a | gentlemanly finish that is much
liked by a the summer shirt waist girl;
baggy effect that makes the blouse-like
sleeve. ' The whole comes into a tight cuff <'
at the wrist, which is of- needlework. : .
The cuff can be elaborated by a puff
and then by more needlework. This Is not ¦
a bad waist for the amateur to-experi
ment upon, for in certain ways It- Is easy
to make. A series' at the extremely pop
ular pin tucks anywhere will conceal a
multitude of .dressmaking, sins.
The plainest of all stocks goes with the.
full blouse, waist. It 'is made of a stif- '
\ fen ed band of muslin with a little inser
tion at the top and. a '.needlework border
at the head of the' -Insertion; It- Is ¦ a:'
crushable little thing/ meant for a, day /
end only a day. will, ijt last. , ; -. V , : V .
From the standpoint of economy, none of
.tbesp waists, the white India, lawn, nor
the full blouse, nor the plain white .waist,
can : be advised. All these delicate while
fabrics soil very easily and the washing
of them comes high. Nor will they stand
• th« necessary ill. treatment of' the wash
• inp tub very long. Often a' single laun- ¦
• clerinp. even at careful hands, will bring.'
¦ forth the waist slit .along the. lines that
separate needlework from the goods.
- The -.squeezing .fu-peef^jB ,h|ehjy..;re.corn
'•iftended. By thfarShetHod^Ofe^ wafst -• is.,
boiled and pressed. togather/in, the hands,'"
-as'/ though it were ;all | lace, t But j not. a '•...
. particle of treatment. does' it receive upon'
¦ the ..washboard.' This, destructive - imple-
ment is reserved for waists that will bear
its harshness with impunity, but It is not
I given to the waist of lace.
The Laundry .Question.' '¦ r .'-
Women of extreme' nicety, of p'articu
. larity. carried to the state- of 'finlckynebs. ,
actually "dry the fronts of waist3
• upon glass, choosing- the -broadest window
pane.- 'Thus the shock and ¦'the -wear of
ilie hot Iron Is prevented.
To dress in this fashion may be the
self-appointed m'ssion of. ;the. ¦ summer,
shirt waist .girl, but.it 1s well' for her, if
she- 'be blessed with a mother or with
some other work-loving member of the'
household, for else her uhlrt walat will be
Fhirt rags before the June roses have
blown. ¦ .
A more serviceable ,sort of waist Is the
Gibsonlan. which la'not difficult to mnke.
This walwt looks very much to the un
cultured eye like a man's old-fashioned
'¦¦¦¦.' rVl"' :-t. ¦
There 'are shirt waist charm pins, wish
bones and horseshoes, trifles that coat
little and. adorn much. Try the placing
of t these . upon - the . front and the back
of ¦ the neck. : accurately, and - see what' a
setting '.they give you.
'The pointed stock will be worn with
To be very much in the fad the summer
girl can select her birthstone and have
three pins, one for the front of her stock,
one for the back of her stock and one for
the back of her hair. It will hold up the
little 1 short and look very nice,
' besides catering to a fancy. < ¦
The neater . the finish of the stock the
more '. fashionable i it will be. Positively
the < neatest of all' finishes ; is the / little
round pin of mock stones, perhaps, if. one
does not happen to own the real, with its
twin In thebacR. - , ,»
Pins for the Stock.
Old cuff buttons, round and unwieldy,
are useful for this purpose and look very
well Bet In pin style. A jeweler puts on
the pin and arranges it so that it looks
as though it had never been a cuff button.
, The new shirt, waists have collars that
are hooked in the back and very often the
hook- shows.- Or there is a collar button,
occurring In the middle of the back of the
band, and this shows.- The twin pin covers
this -and establishes neatness and finish.
' There come the most attractive little
bands of white linen, with a hemstitching
along each ¦ edge, or with a catstitchlng.
This trimming can be bought by the yard,
and it Is Just right for. the adornment of
the. plain shirtwaist; It saves work, too,
for it need. only, be applied just as one
would sew on braid, whereas tucks mean
work, and embroidery is a matter of ap
plied art. vi-'V"-;- ' ¦•¦" ¦¦ .
The polka dotted materials are used to
trim white and pale blue. There is the
old-fashioned white, with black polka dots
and this Is one of the most useful of trim
mings. It is cut up and made into bands,
and this la applied to the shirtwaist so
as to outline a sailor collar.
By a little trick It can be sewed only by
the upper edge, and in this way the collar
semblance Is complete. The lower edge
of .the' polka dotted band will project over
the shoulders and lie loose upon the back
and front of the waist. A .little taste
must be used in. doing work of this de
scription.
. There is a fad. this summer— for when
was the summer girl ever - fadl«ss— for
using twin -pins upon the front and back
of ' the , stock. Large round cameos - are
sat in gold frame work and the pins are
set; one in .the 'middle of the front and
one in the middle of the back.
Shirt Trimmings.
The Duchess of Marlborough, who, as a
brunette,'' affects white continually, re
cently ordered' of h'er London: shlrtmaker
a set of padded overllds, filled with sachet,
to Jay r between her shirt waists, as they
wero piled In' their boxes. - » .
The Duchess boasts the finest lace waist
In the' world of washable fabrics. It Is all
of Valenciennes 'lace, with the rows cun
ningly put together with hemstitching. It
Is perfectly sheer and Ms worn, over a
waist of India lawn, which, in: turn, re
quires a corset ; cover, for the hand can
be seen through* It as through chiffon.
- In the vralst that is planned for the
woman who is worth less than ten mil
lions there is the grass linen, which cornea
in brown and green and in other tones,
with brown and green leading In favor.
There is no waist as serviceable as this
and none that should be so much the
subject of study by the woman of every
day tastes. How to vary the brown grass
linen waist so that one day it will look
dressy enough for luncheon and the next
day plain enough for housework should
bo looked into by her.
The brown waist or the tan waist, which
Is the prettier name for. this color, may
be made to run tho whole gamut of style.
It can be made up with yoke and cuffs
and stock of Oriental goods. Or It can
be mude up with the white lac* yoke and
the white lace stock and cuffs. ' These
fancy materials give it a light look, for
tan seems to mirror Its surroundings and
can bemad* paler or darker.
' A very good way to trim th« brown linen
waist Is with straps of white. Let two
of them run down the front and let straps
trim the yoke* In stray fashion from tne
collar to the bust. A band of white can
border the cuffs.
The tan waist will be so thoroughly In
fashion that it will be difficult to entirely
remove It from the domain of style, no
matter how it Is treated, but it may be
made I prettier by one treatment than by
another.
For | Consuela's Waists.
be a. Jersey Illy as long as she lives and
bants, is out this spring in a white wash
waist of lawn bo sheer that it shows the
underwalst. This is in pure pale green,
without a touch of yellow or blue in it, a
clear green that Langtry affects.
An Immense picture hat of black ana
green goes with this waist. Her skirt Is a
long trailing one in black silk, trimmed
• with an open lace design, with flowers in
lace, coming here and there upon the silk.
. This Is told to show that the white
;w'ash waist really, appears in the King's
set and that famous beauties are wear
ing it. , . ¦ . . -'' -
Great diversity * in pattern cannot be
claimed for the new summer waist. It is
really much less varied than it was last
~year. It is almost entirely made in white
and the waists that are not made in white
are in the very delicate tones that might
as well be white, as far as their wearing
qualities are concerned, for they soil just
as soon and are just as perishable.
After washing, when they have taken
. on a still ''paler tone, then they are prac
tically white and might be laid away in
: a drawer that is devoted to white waists.
They are selling shirt waist boxes for
the keeping of the nicer waists. These are
lined with silk and , very highly scented.
' The waistsare laid In them while damp,
to absorb the fragrance. The cover shuts
tightly. If juph a box cannot_be pur
~chasecl,"*a Very '" goo'd . substitute can be
made out of a pasteboard box, lined with
-silk«or^with cheesecloth, which is quite
as good, and gives forth the sachet better.
It is almost a pity that the shirt wai3t
should ever have departed frorn U3-pri
mal simplicity. But now that it has gone
©ut of its humble domain and is launched
into the great world of -fashion one can
only welcome it, for even with its f rills
and fixings it 13 a great improvement
upon every other . waist, and • no- matter
how . expensive it may have:become there
is always an imitation waist, almost as
good, that will answer the purpose. ;
"The trl-corner hat would look well
with such a suit, and the newest three
cornered • hats are trimmed with a band
of gold cord around the .edge and another
band, of gold- cord below that, wfci'.a
gold rosettes, very neat and very small,
loop the hat. -This Is very coquettish, but
requires a pretty forehad or a pretty
hang.
"The hair drapery for Easter should be
low and the hair should be. pulled down
in long waves that He nearly to the eye
brows. ,' Such very .good effects are ob
tained with the three-cornered hat thus
treated.". . ¦'.
"It cannot be cut more prettily than as
a new little short coat, one of .the sort
that Is trimmed with tan-colored lace. It
is open in front to show the Irish lace
shirt waist. A hat can exactly match in
blue.
A Modiste's Idsa.
The front came' almost to the belt aai
the back was as abort a» the shoulders.
This was to be slipped on over,* shirt
waist of whlto India muslin, which was
perfectly plain, round and of a full blouse
pattern.^ •:¦¦
Of course the collar could b« laundered
separately. If the fancy dictated It could
be lined with a bit of pink silk or wttfc
white, which makes the prettiest lining.
Positive sensations will be created at
Newport, that city of dress, this summer
by those who wear bUck and white.
Black gowns with dashes of whits will
be seen, and, the distinction between them
and the badly selected colored gowns will
be apparent. The critical stud/ of black
and white might be the topic for a dress)
lecture.
So very many of the waists button down
the back— so very many. To Quote from
a modiste who Is designing a new shirt
waist for a woman to wear during v«Wh
as part of an Easter shirt waist suit:
"The waist that buttons .down the back
is certainly In. and more's the pity, tot
it is difficult to fasten and. to the woman
who lives In a hotel, It means a tip every
time, quite a noticeable amount when
reckoned up at the close of the season.
"Large, handsome buttons are- •. worn
down the back, and are, made noticeable
in point of ornamentation.
. "If I were going to hav* oae THantur
suit and only .one. and It were Incumbent
upon me to wear it all the spring, I would
select one In fine blue serge; something
between a bright blue and a navy. This
I would make most modlshly by trim
ming the skirt with heavy lace, around
the bottom and with stitched bands at
the bead of the lace. -
"If lace - seemed • too perishable, ' there
come handsome silk bands, all stitched,
that can be put on from the hem of the
skirt upward at Intervals of sis or eight
inches, the bands all of different lengthy
so that they come up high and others are
shorter.
The "Laco Collar*.
Sleeves, while mightily fancy, are also
mightily plain. You can be In style with
a full sleeve that Is simply brought In to
the cuff, gathered In such a way that
most of the fullness la at the back of the
sleeve to make a little bag. Of course
there are sleeves that show more varie
ties, but these are more for the fluffy sum
mer girl than the summer shirt waist girl.
The new shiny materials are very much
In style again, but for a while even they
are overshadowed by the wonderful de
mand for -the filmy white fabrics. There
Is this about the sheer white stuffs that
they look like lace, and betweentlace ana
women there has been an affiliation.
A cunning mode bas been introduced by
one of the best modistes, one who makes
many shirt waists for' Newport each
summer— ehlrt waists by the myriad. This
is for the making of lac* collars and cuffs
to be worn with certain .waist*, fin* re
cently completed a Tudor collar of Irish
crocheted lace.
It would be positively cruel to hint at
the extravagance to which the summer
shirt waist Is being carried. It is now
classed with the summer luxuries and
ranks with the frills and fine fancies. It la
a mass of lace and Insertion, the finer and
the more delicate the better. Often it la
so delicate a thing that another under
walst is required to wear beneath it and
all these waists are a part of the plan of
the summer shirt waist.
None of the new models show the very
long point, though all are longer In the
front than in the back. They are pulled
down a little, that Is all, and fastened
low. -This Is accomplished by means of
the dress skirt, which Is caught down with
the corset hook or other contrivance, thus
making the waist seem longer.
Girls of great Blenderness are wickedly
wearing the very short waisted shirt
waist. They know that they can do It.
but that It will look funny on the fat
sister.
The Belt line.
The round waist is advised for all who
are not slim. This waist la brought to a
point in front, but not to the exaggerated
point known as the French point. This
very long point Is a mistake for the fat
woman, though she Is the one of all wo
men who may be convinced that she can
wear it: Do not think because you hav*
pulled your waist down to a point six
inches below your belt line that you nec
essarily look slender. Often you look gru
tesque.
tu© shirt waist, but it ts a mart? stork and
may not launder well. It is round and
piam, but it is cut to a point- in thy front
and the point is long and sharp. This
gives length to the thruat and for the
chunky-necked woman is absolutely . to
be advised. It may be trimmed with; a
lace figure put on under the chin in. a
great curved design. Colored lace look*
well thus applied and it can be ripped off
for the inevitable renovatjon. .-
If thin girls were the style in the tall
they are absolutely the necessity now.
The waists are cut bo full that they, will
cot allow an ounce of fat and the woman
with too much avoirdupois must hasten
to get rid of it. She will look unsightly
In tne shirt waists that are being brought
out.. .
15
THE STTISTDAY CAlil,.
THE SHIRT WAIST GIRLTHIS- SUNDAY, Ci\iL;
16PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAECH . 16, 1902— FORTY PAGES.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 106.
President Causing Removals, MostImport
ant Beting Commissioner Powderly.
APPLIES THE BROOM
TO FEDERAL OFFICES
LONDON, March 15.— A' remarkable dis
covery has been made . in County Mayo,
Ireland, where a wooden "boat, believed
to be nearly 2000 years ' old, , has' been ; dug
up. by. some laborers. The boat is ¦ beau
tifully carved from the trunk of an oak
tree. It is forty-six feet • long and "shows
no signs of decay. The'wood: was so hard
thf.t hatchets made scarcely* any imp'res-^
Elon on it. Excursions ar.e now j being oV-:
ganized.'to view this relic of Celtic hahdi-,
craft, which .will shortly be "taken to the
Dublin Museum
a Tree Trunk Discovered in
I- Ireland.
Beautifully Carved Craft Made From
TWO THOUSAND YEARS '
THZE AGE- OF. THIS BOAT
The union of the laborers Twill demand
an equal distribution of the i wages. * In
case of a strike of the miners the'labor
ers declare they will take their places un
less their "demands are met. ' The laborers
throughout the entire anthracite field are
being organized;
SCRA1CTON, Pa., March 15.— A secret
organization "has been formed -of all- the
laborers employed In' the mines -ln r thla vi
cinity. • Over £000 are Included in. the mem
bership. The object "of this new . organi
zation Js. to' compel the miners to give the
laborers as much as. they receive them
selves. At present the miners work about
four hou rsi while their laborers work 'nine
hours. For this the laborers get Taut, $1 a
day, while # the miners make more than
double this. ,
Secret Organization Now ip Opera
tion in' the . Coal Regions' of ,
Pennsylvania.
LABORERS IN f MINES .
j INSIST j ON- EQUALITY
Details as to the price at which stock
Is to be placed on the market and the pre
cise amount of the first lssue~ have not
yet been decided. The Incorporation pa
pers are being drawn by Colonel John J.
JklcCook of Alexander & Green ' of 120
Broadway. :
Marconi, who is now . in Jthe. United
States, estimates that it will, not require
more than $500,000 to place the system on a
commercial basis In the United • States.
The remainder of the $10,000,000 capital
etock will be issued from time to time in
the future as occasion may require. The
English corporation is already, on a pay-
Ing basis. The Lloyds have adopted the
pystem and are requiring that steamships.
In order to obtain favored rates of. insur
ance, roust be equipped with the system.
The plan Is to form a Marconi com
pany under the laws of New Jersey, with
a capital of J10,000,000. It Is proposed to
raise at least 5750,000 Immediately through
the eale of stock. Of this amount $250,000
vill be paid to the Marconi Wireless Tele
graph Conipany of England, which is the
parent company and has an exclusive
privilege for the manufacture and eale of
JIarconi apparatus. It will UcenEe compa
nies in various countries." The renfainlng
$500,000 will remain in the treasury to be
used for development purposes.
NEW TOBK, March 15.— The Marconi
wireless telegraph system is soon to be
placed on a commercial basis in . the
United States, and shares Trill be -offered
to the public E. Rollins Morse & Broth
er of Boston, who are members, of the
New Tork Stock Exchange, are now ar
rantfns the details of Incorporation.
Made a Factor in the Commer
cial World. ¦""¦¦ **
Wireless TelegTaph System to "B«
MARCONI WILL PLACE
STOCK ON THE. MARKET
SELECTIO2T OF SARGENT.
The selection of Sargent is regarded as
acceptable to those particularly interested
In the immigration question,, and is ex-
There has been friction between Com
xnissioner Powderly and Assistant Com
xnisioner McSweeney for a long time, and
treasury officials have in many Instances
sustained McSv-ecney as against Powder
ly. Charges and countercharges have
passed back and forth nntil it. has be
come a question of letting out either Pog
£erly or McSwccncy, or both, to preserve
reasonable* discipline in the service. .
•u-ith Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Taylor, •who has charge of immigration
matters, and has reached the conclusion
that a general cleaning out is . necessary.
The letter of resignation of First As-,
sistant Postmaster General "Johnson,
••Commissioner Powderly declines^ to pub
licly discuss the purpose of the President
to remove him, but'a friend said to-day
that he did not intend to resign, Jand "the
President •would have to dismiss^him' be
fore a vacancy would occur" In his. office. :;
- JOHNSON'S RETIREMENT. ' .^
pected to meet the hearty approval of
representatives of . organized . labor. Sar
gent was offered offlce of Commis
sioner of Immigration^ at'. Nejv^'York to
succeed Fitchie, : but . he ; declinecl ' i t ¦ He
could -have been . euperinterident *= of the
Bureau of Engraving, and Printing under
the McKinley " administration, ¦ but could
not see his way clear to accept that place.
, The report of Treasurer, Myron T. : Her
rick showed that | the fund for the monu
ment is rapidly increasing, • the contribu
tions / received during February ".beih^
larger than for any month since • the" or
ganization of the association.- .
¦ CLEVELAND,- Ohio, : March 15.— At a.
meeting of. the executive '.committee .of
the National Mckiriley Memorial Asso
ciation : held, here j to-day, the . design for
the contributors' • certificates submitted by
a New. York firm was accepted." The cer
tificates, will .be, printed . from .engraved
plates ;.upon fine cardboard, suitable -for
framing. . The > design is very ¦ handsome,
being 9x11 inches jn size. > In addition to
the . scroll work it contains , a fine picture
of i the 'late < President, ¦ the • White , House'
and -the McKinley home at 'Canton. >" ".. ¦•
tributors Accepted by the
Executive Committee. >\
Eesign for the Certificate for Con-
FUND FOR MONUMENT
TO McKINLEY INCREASES
General Salazar,, Governor of Panama,
also • sent ; a - cable dispatch to Minister
Corichdl The contents of the Governor's"
message were, not made public.
'¦_ "Important' news received regarding- the
canal makes, us appeal to your patriotism
in favor of the" interests of ',¦ Colombia,
which are intimately, connected with the
realization of this work." , -. ;
" PANAMA, Colombia, March 16.— A spe
cial 'representative of ' Panama at . Wash
ington this, mpnjingf sent a cable message
to -friends 'here 'regarding- \ the ' isthmlajn
canal Situation; and this afternoon a con
ference of prominent natives was held, at
which it was .decided to send to Dr. .lose
,V. Concha, : the Colombian , Minister at
Washington, the - following cablegram :, \
l\ Watch Interests of His
- V Country.
Minister at "Washington. Is Asked to
COLOMBIA HAS NEWS v
'¦¦¦-¦¦-- ABOUT CANAL AFFAIR
¦Hoping your -health may soon be fully re
stored,, believe me, with kind regards, sincerely
yours, ' . ' THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
"''Td. Hon." William M. Johnson, First Assistant
Postmaster General. ¦
;, WHITE , HOUSE, WASHINGTON, D. , C,
March/ 14, -1002.— My Dear Mr. Johnson: I ac
cept -with ; regret your resignation of the posi
tion -of ! First Assistant Postmaster General.
Your administration of that office has been In
the highest degree satisfactory and I .wish it
might have been . possible for you to. continue
in a position whose duties you have so well per
formed.' "¦ • -'-> ¦'¦'' '-.
whose I determination to i resign ; was ¦ an
nounced .some .time ago, is as' follows:
< POSTOFFICE.DKPART11ENT, /WASHING
TON, " ; J>. C.,-. March. 10. r 1902.— The President —
Sir:' Owing to* the condition of my health and
for other personal reasons,' I 'deem It advisable
to relinquish" the office of First Assistant Post
master General, and have the honor to tender
to you my. resignation of that office, to take
effect when, my successor shall have qualified.
In submitting the same I wish to express my
appreciation" of the" consideration shown me by.
yourself and your predecessor, 'and also by the
Postmaster General", and ' his predecessor,; with
both of whom my official and personal rela
tions have been most agreeable.
" With assurances 'of my personal regard and
best wishes for the success of your administra
tion, I am, very truly,
WILLIAM M. JOHNSON,
*¦ First" Assistant Postmaster General.' ~'
COMMISSIONER-GENERAL OF IM- ;
MIGRATION !\Ni) THE MAN. WHO *¦
' WILL SUCCEED 'HIM. ': .1_--. •'
/ -^ALL BUREAU, 1406 G
' STREET, N. W.. WASHING
fl TON. March 15. —President
R^^> Roosevelt Is industriously ap-
rh'lng his broom to Govern
ment offices.' The resignation
trt William A- Rodenberg, a member of the
Civil Service Commission, has been fol
lowed by the retirement of Wllliain M.
•Johnson from the office of First Asslst-
I ant Postmaster General and in a few days
' tlie Ions predicted removal of officials of
J the immigration service will occur. The
• immigration officers are Commissioner
General Terence V. Powderly, Commis
•eioner Thomas W. Fitchie in New York
•«nd Assistant Commissioner E. F. Me-
Sweeney. .
Frank P. Sargent, grand master of the
i IBrotherhod of Locomotive Firemen, will
• succeed Powderly.The lstter will . make a
'. \igorous fight to remain, but it will be in
¦ effectual. The successors of Fitchie and
: McSweency have not yet been selected.
The term of office of Naval Officer Shar
key will soon expire. Senators Depew
; fcnd Platt have Indorsed him for reap
. pointment.
FRICTION IS XTNFORTTJNATE. *
President Roosevelt has given special
attention to the Immigration service. He
: Js not satisfied with conditions, regarding
the friction between the New York office
| find the Immigration Bureau here as par
ticularly unfortunate. He has' conferred
Continued on Page Eighteen, i>~;
'Allison then stated, v as he • said/ a few
objections which he . had to 'the .subsidy
bill ; as ; it now stood. He had, " he con
tinued,- some difQculty in ascertaining
precisely, what the measure proposed to
do, land Jils dlfflculty had not diminished
as the debate I proceeded. \. He had been
told that\it. was a better bill than "that of
last year.. rWhile that, mighty be so, he
suggested' it, was open to, objection. Tho
measure in its . operation ought ' to have"
an end as well as". a beginning, -yet It pro
vided no limitation to the time .the con
tracts/made under it ghould be in -forced
He gave '. notice, therefore, of • an amend
ment-providing ; that'; under \ the i bill the
Postmaster General should not make con
tracts after July, 1, 1910,' and that the con
tracts ¦ should not ; extend beyond July : 1,"
1920. He ' gave ¦ notice : of 'another amend
n — nrr TiTOTiti i nrrnnrTT*ir»Tr-M»iiiTr'm—iii»— irnil
ALLISON'S OBJECTIONS.
¦ Bacon had inserted In his . remarks . a
table . showing the exports r of . American
products " from . the ' port of Boston' for ten
months': " the object being/ to show that
the . bulk of these . products was carried
in slow • vessels, ¦ much in vessels under
1000 -tons : burden. These vessel, 1 he^ con
tended, would receive little "or 'no* 'sub- 1
sidy. ; Similar . tables were presented for
the ports of _ Savannah, Ga.,- Galveston
and other places. , .
: Discussing briefly the. general purposes
of the . bill, . Bacon .' said that "the word
"subsidy" had no 'terror . for him. If a
bill . to - provide Increased compensation
for. mall lines - between this, country ; and
South America, for. instance, .was pend
ing before ¦ the - Senate, he - would support
it. He ; was opposed, '• however,' to ? boun.
ties, the effect of- which would be. to give
compensation to ' those who i did not
need'. it. .. '. : ¦ . . ..• ¦ ¦.' ... ¦ . ' ¦ -. '
Inthe course of some remarks in sup
port of the amendment Bacon urged. that
the Postmaster General ought not to be
made, responsible forV the"" demanding of
such contracts. It, was. such a delegation
of .authority- by. Congress as ; he did not
, think would be approved I by the Amerlr
can people. • , ' • -. : •
¦ Bacon of Georgia : gave notice' of an
amendment, which _. he ; proposed to 'offer
to the . subsidy bill, providing that - no
contract ' under the bill shall be binding
upori'the Government" until it should have
been submitted to and approved by Con
gress.' --'V'v" - - " '¦"'
ARGUES AN AMENDMENT.
of the. discriminating duties copld-be ab
rogated, he [ thought,. without difficulty.
ment he proposed to offer providing that
no vessel should be entitled to full, com
pensation under the act unless she shall
have cleared from a port in the United
States with at least 50 per cent of her
cargo capacity, and that the subsidy paid
such vessels should be reduced In propor
tion, to the reduction of her cargo below
50 per* cent of her capacity.
Allison believed that there ought to be
a limitation upon the aggregate amount
of subsidy to be paid annually under the
bill.
Continuing Allison expressed the convic
tion that the aggregate amount to be ex
pended'under the bill should be limited,
and he suggested an amendment limiting
the amount of mail pay under the bill for
each year until 1907 to, $3,000,000 annually,
and after that. date to $3,000,000. He said
that : If no limitation . were fixed In the
matter of price he did not doubt that by
next October (election time) th« public
would: be told that ths amount would
reach $50,000,000 annually.
¦; Allison said that he had no limitation to
suggest in connection with the subsidy,
because it could be repealed at 'any tim*.
APPARENT TO ALL.
Spooner of Wisconsin said that with the
general motives of the bill no good Amer
can could, find himself In opposition. The
desirability that the American products
should be carried in American merchant
marine was apparent to alL
Personally he Ions ago had formed the
opinion that' the true method of the re
vival of our merchant marine was by the
levylngr of discriminating duties, but our
hands • had* been tied by treaties which
prevented the levying of such duties. If
the United States should denounce those
treaties . harm . might follow, but he did
not; take kindly, he said, to the doctrine
that the United States forever was to be
bound by treaties with our competitors.
The -passage of the . pending bill would
produce retaliation and the relation
caused by the abrogation of the treaties
would.: differ only in name. He said he
would not have voted for the bill of laat
year.
As to the pending measure he said he
did not like to vote for the making of
contracts involving the appropriation of
vast sums of money unless it was evi
dent clearly that the object sought to
be accomplished by the bill would be ac-
TWO OF THE MINORITY MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES SEN
ATE WHO ARE MAKING AN ACTIVE FIGHT AGAINST THE BILL TO
-. .PROMOTE THE MERCHANT MARINE BY SUBSIDIES.
, The steamer. left L'oulsburg, C' B.f;Feb- ;
ruary. 26; .with 1 a cargo" of , coal for; Hali
fax'-a'nd nothing more 'was -heard of ' ( h"er
until'*. March .'3, . when wreckage and "life
buoys from the steamer were : found j 1 in
the . ,vicinity.5bf -'white ; Head. ... The :¦ Tiber
was ¦commanded' by J Captain , Henry Bou
langer of Quebec ; and ' carried i a crew ¦ of
twenty. •;V..,; '¦ ' '[•
v HALIFAX, N. S., March 15.— A dis'patch
received here from" Canso late this after,
nobn announces -that . the wreck of the
Dominion '¦ Coal • Company 1 s steamer . Tiber
has been; found off White Point by. lobster
fishermen; > The steamer is - below /the
water. ' No -trace of the .members of .' the
crew} has ".been -.foun'd^and It Is likely "that
they : have" all-perished. '•
sel Axe Found Off Nova
j*) -V -»¦.- Scotia. -
Remnants of a Coal Company's Ves-
WRECK ON THE SHORE
• BTJT NO SIGN OF DREW
'6:30 p. m— There has been no further,
change in " Rhodes' condition up toi\ thla
hour. He Is very drowsy.. and hardly,
speaks.' t His strength is still kept, up by,
means' of oxygen, and stimulants. :;'.. .The
weather, is warm and not favorable to. the
rickness. . --.'¦ ' ¦ ..-,;• : . •" '•',
CAPE TOWN, March 15 (Noon).— Cecil
Rhodes: at this hour is In a- very critical
condition.- 'Rhodes passea a very ;bad
night. . His condition -at times was. highly
critical "and, the attending "physicians ,had
frequent recourse to oxygen. The pa
tient's continued: loss of strength' causes
great anxiety.' The physicians" are* In con
stant cable communication with the Lon
don- heart specialist .who attended Rhodes
last yt-ar.' . . .. . _ ; • .;
Sinks Gradually and His Condi
; ¦ tion> Is Critical. f$&.\
Famous * South -African Statesman
CECIL ; RHODES IS . „ NEAR
THE DOORWAY OF DEATH
•- Elkins, a member, of the Committee on
Commerce,; supported the pending bill."
He directed attention to the fact . that the
United States was now /paying $600,000 a
day - to . foreign ship-owners for ' the : car
rying ; of our commerce. .'If .we.had.shlpr
plhg '•• to \ carry . our imports . and ¦ exports
$200,000,000; annually would be "¦. saved to
the' ; American people'. ¦ If this money were
expended;among our own people at least
$100,000,000; a year could be ; expended .in
American shipyards^- which '.would ; extend
the '¦'- Influence : ; of • our business men .'. and
accrue • generally to ¦ the. benefits of -'Amer
ican ; labor." ¦¦ Personally, he believed that
the . old policy. . of • levying discriminating
duties was the.' best for - the upbuilding of
the*^American :. merchant "marine.*,! ¦ That
policy i r would , take » . nothing ' ' from -the
United , treasury ."and yet'would
give back to this country, its former won
derful 'merchant >; marine. ' .The; treaties
which .stood In the. !way_ of adoption
; Hann'a said that during the last year or
two American' shipyards'; had ' been very
busy, but; he said' they, had been busy in
the ; construction .'of, ships for. the coastwise
trade ; almost exclusively, j The difference
between, the cost of ships constructed in
this country and Europe was the smallest
part of the. proposition. "-The'' difference In
the' cost of operation was the feature 'that
at .present made' an j Investment In Ameri
can ships unprofitable, j As a matter, of
fact,' Henna, said,, the- ship building in
dustry was not in a healthy- condition. \ A
few lank ships were beins built, a number
of ferry-boats ; and: some ¦ vessels for the
United States navy.
NEEDS/ A STIMULANT.
•Teller read from' the report of theCom
inissioner. of Navigation ¦ to prove . that the,
shipbuilding • industry was j not . languish
ing and-in need "of the assistance of boun
ties'. . . ';' , : " ; ;¦ "¦¦-*¦ •'
Teller of Colorado made a speech in op
position to the measure, and was followed
by . Elkins of West Virginia with [ a 'brief
address ' in support of it,' although' the
West Virginia Senator admitted that he
would much; prefer the adoption of the
policy of "discriminating duties, v. '
1 w £j- y ASHINGTON,,. March •
- JH • /"¦ 15 -~ Differences of opiri
/B XB / lon on tne e P u^ 1Ican
. side appeared ; in the
f r ¦¦-•¦ Senate debate on the.
ship subsidy bill to-day.
Allison of Iowa indicated that he was not
quite satisfied . .w'ith the measure as It
stands now, and gave notice of amend-,
ments he proposed to offer to it limiting
the time of its operation and limiting also
the amount of money" annually to be paid,
from the treasury on . account of it. He
\vas followed by Spooner of Wisconsin,
who. took exception to some provisions of
the measured - He '¦ was not . at* all certain
that the bill would accomplish the^ great
results which its advocates claimed for it,
and "he "urged- that "before, its enactment
into law. definite .information ..upon that
point ought to 'be 'furnished "to Congress.*
He did not care to vote for a measure
making "an appropriation' that "not only
would not" accomplish, definite results, but
which might be simply a largess to ship
owners. He gave' notice of an amendment
which he proposed to offer/providing that
the* bill "mighty be amended or repealed by
Congress'without,' however, impairing any
contract'made i under, its provisions. - . !
' The ¦ New .Vancouver Coal Company's
tug 'Mermaid' went ashore *oii' Wednesday
at Newcastle." Island. ... She/ has not : yet
been got off and. has been damaged some
what>y the\winds. Affinal effort to float
her will be ma'de, to-morrow.
On Puget Sound snow and Jiail fell ; ait
intervals *- y^sjerday- and . to-day.^ ; The
weather has been squally and 'many
steamers have'remained at' their wharves
instead, of venturing out. Everett experi
enced! a '. heavy /thunder, storm this morn-;
ing. Bright flashes of lightning awakened
the citizens and caused- astonishment, be
cause, lightning is 1 very unusual in/ this
State. -.The electric wire's at Everett were
struck by lightning and some of^them
demolished. ,' » / - . '. ,
TACOMA, March" 15.— Traffic and busi
ness throughout this State are Interrupted
by snow and -hail storms prevailing: yes
terday and to-day. Snow fell to a depth
of. several, feet last night in . the Cascade
Mountains. "Trains are arriving late on
the Northern Pacific and the Great North
ern. All trains through the mountains are
preceded by rotary snowplows. -
TRAFFIC IS IMPEDED
BY HEAVY SNOWFALL
BELLEVILLE.^Kans.; March ; 15.— A cy
clone visited. Scotch Plains, 'a Dunkard
settlement', near "'here,' to-day and >¦ did
much damage. A ' numb'er of- houses were
blown do wri^andsj the DunkarH -Church
was completely demolished.*- No lives', were
,. : BRUNSWICK, »,Ga;,j!: March. 15.^-Wash
outs on the' Southern Railway JusV above
¦Everett City, Ga, , .' have . prevented '> '¦ the
arrival of ¦ trains ' and mails over- that
system .since: yesterday: - It is reported
here that Everett City itself is' threat
ened, as the waters ''of the lowir Alta
maha are 'rising rapidly. * ¦ /''
CYCLONE, IN KANSAS.
; The Great Northern express is stalled
near the boundary line, the Northern Pa
cific train is six hours late and the Cana
dian Pacific transcontinental trains are
long overdue.. .The storm -is widespread
in its area, extending from Regina in the
west to Port Arthur, in the east.. Street
car traffic, which was kept ¦ up in an in
termittent-fashion during the day, was
entirely suspended to-night.
WINNIPEG, . Man:, March 15.— The
snowstorm ' which^ began yesterday con
tinued to-day, and to-night Winnipeg la
practically snowbound. It is one of the
worst blizzards ever experienced here and
coming, as it ¦ did,» after two! months of
almost summerlike weather," its effect Is
severely felt. No trains had 1 reached the
city up to a late. hour to-night. '
WINNIPEG SNOWBOUND.
About Huron, S. D., the storm set in to
day, and drifts are. Interfering with the
railroads. ¦-. ¦ ¦
: BISMARCK, N. D., March 15.— To-night
a storm that has raged for twenty-four
hours still. prevails, *' with a temperature
of 5 degrees below zero and. the wind
blowing forty-five 'miles an - hour. The
snow is drifting heavily and all business
and railroad traffic is suspended. : Trains
on the" Northern Pacific are snowbound
at Mandan and Dawson, after ineffectual
efforts all day to get them through the
heavy drifts. The sto"rm is the worst that
has prevailed In this section for j ten
years. Cattle on the prairies are scattered
badly and .there may be considerable
losses where owners have no shelter. ,
Blizzards May Cause
Cattle on Prairie
White Many Readers Support Granting of
SubsidieSySome Would Amend Bill.
SENATORS WHO FAVOR
THE MERCHANT MARINE
Storms in the Da=
kotas Worst in
: 1 ClI I Car o.
Trains in the North
Are Tied Up in
Drifts: /
TRAFFIC
BL OCKED
BY SNOW
Pages III
Pagesl7to28
The San Francisco Call."TWO* NOTED BRITISH ARMY OFFICERS WHO ARE AMONG THOSE -
• ; ENGAGED IN ESTABLISHING AN ANGLO- AMERICAN CLUB ; THAT -
WILL RIVAL ANY dRGANIZATION'FOR'EXCLUSIVENESS.-. "•* ' •
German Ruler Confers Decorations.
BERLIN, March 15.— Emperor William
has conferred the Order of the Red Eagla
of the second class on Herr" Ballin, direc
tor general of the ' Hamburg- American
Line, and the Order of the Red Eagle of
the third class on Herr Tietgena, presi
dent of the Hamburg- American line.
Tne brilliants to the Crown Order of th©
second class have been bestowed on Di
rector von Wiegrand of the North German
Lloyd Line and upon Herr Plate, presi
dent of that company.
tlon was connected with^the fact that h»
Was ' caught napping, . and consequently
Austria-Hungary was taken completely
by surprise. by Great Britain's action at
the- recent International sugar conference
at /Brussels. During the day the Neua
Freie Presse's statements were semi-of&V
dally declared to be unfounded.
Continued From Page Seventeen., \
PARIS, March 15.— The Parisians Aare
keenly interested in the developments ~of
a quarrel- between Sarah Bernhardt and
Catulle Mendes, the author and poet,
about the production of the latter's poeti
cal drama "Sainte -Therese," which has
been promised to the Comedie.Francaise.
. • Madame Bernhardt heard of the dramaf
begged to. he allowed to produce it and
Mendes withdrew it from the COinedie
Fran caise and gave it to tier, "under stipu
lations insuring a, good run.' Mendes sub
pequently- took it back, when .to full' re
hearsalj oh the ground that Madame
Bernhardt had made arrangements to go
to j London, -which precluded a satisfac
tory run for ."Sainte Therese." :
The story has been' told in a series of
i emarkable : letters exchanged between
Madame Bernhardt and Mendes, which
the latter published. The letters are most
amusing with their. niutual,'gusiilng com
pliments aiid, poetical forms of address,
ivhich, '. however,; deteriorated . into the
chilliest, expressions as . the quarrel be-,
came embittered.^ -j
. Madame % ..'JBerhhardt first addressed
Mendes as "My. Dear Beloved Poet," ask
ing to? be allowed to . produce "Sainte
Therese." Mendes responded to his
"despotic sovereign," offering the piece
tor the coming season. "Bernhardt then
replied . to her !'Darling Friend," promis
ing to produce If March 1. Mendes there
upon telegraphed' as a reply, "Dear
Iherese— The play and the - author are
yours."
¦; But later he heard that Madame Bern
hardt . was maJKing . conflicting . arrange
ments and telegraphed for explanations.
This time Madame Bernhardt merely ad
dressed him as \ "Friend, "and said that
her arrangements did not affect the pro
duction , of the piece. Mendes was not'
satisfied, but was Induced to leave the
play with ,. Bernhardt. , The rehearsals
were\begun, but. Mendes says he found
Bernhardt had let her ; theater to an
Italian ' coriipahy for a period which ren
dered the promised -run impossible. He
realized that all was not plain sailing
for." "Sainte Therese," and got back his
manuscript, of which he wrote her, "I will
place in a drawer strewn with red roses,
symbols, of my admiration for Sarah
Bernhardt, and with violets, emblems o£
her- fickleness." ; . 'f
The last communication of Mendes was.
written in the third person and was ail
dressed to "Mine- Sarah Bernhardt.".
Mme. Bernhardt replied to the publication
of these letters by explaining that Mendes
was wrong about the arrangements which
he thought would interfere with his playl .
She intended to give it a run of twenty
nights and could not arrange for a longer
run, because of the risk of losing her Ions
season, which : brings a large sum of
money, and complained that Mendes re
sorted to a trick to get back the manu
script, which, he said, was only, needed
for t a f ew^ corrections. Bernhardt con
cluded her letter as follows:
."In a terrible fit of despair and tears I
drowned my 'illusions,^hopes,* admiration
and my friendship 'for 'that m'an." . 1 "came
out of this crisis^ a physical wreck,, with
my^brain in a whirl, but my will safe! and
iBound. As; ; long as ; ;I,ilive ;I : never , will
see" 4 Catulle" Mendes again. '.'¦?¦ ; . v - ¦ V 1
. Mendes, onjreading .this, telegraphed as
follows to Mme Bernhardt: ""Is '"it'Tndf"
silly for us to -quarrel, when in reality, .we
love one another?". -¦..-. ,
1 The author-poet .then offered '.to give
"Sainte Therese" to Mme. -Bernhardt, if
she would only -promise to run.it while it
was drawing money.-. Mme. Bernhardt did
not even reply,- to -this communication,
.whereupon Mendes : wrote tq the Tehips
replying to all the' points of Mme. Bern
hardt's letter and concluding; after a."fer
yld outburst of "admiratfon for- lier; '"that
he would await- "repentance In- her dear,
royal, cruel heart" ¦ •-: .-< .
. :The matter thus remains, without ,hope
of a reconciliation., ¦..., ' , . • . '.
S E H ATO RS F AV DH M ER Gfl AHT^ARISE
Famous French Player Ob
jects to the Author's
.Proceedings.
Sarah' Bernhafdt and
Mr. Mendes Are Se
;. riously at Outs.
POET QUARRELS
WITH ACTRESS
Exnbassador Accused of "UTapping."
VIENNA, 'March 15.— The Neue Freie
Presse published .the statement to-day
that Count Deym, Embassador of Aus
tria-Hungary, at London, Intended to ask
to T>e relieved from his post. The paper
asserted that . the ¦ Embassador's resigna-
fjair, chance In the race for wealth and happi
ness—every citizen should bear his chare of the
burdens. ot_tbe_ Government, "one class should
never be the recipient of . benefits hot given to
others. Absolute equality of.- rights is a doc
trine, we should never abandon. The bill .is
wrong in principle, unjust, vicious, pure class
legislation.
.The Senate agreed, at the suggestion of
Berry, to take up the ship subsidy bill
immediately after routine - business on
Monday, and .that speeches onrthe bill be
limited^ to fifteen minutes, except as to
the Senator, from Maine (Frye), who was
accorded thirty minutes.
¦ STOCkf pn,' Match 15.— The will of E.
Li.'- Coltidirwas" filed' for. probate to-day.
Tfie "estate •* c6 rtfels ts ' of • real property " In
thlB'<rity.a r aJued at$4<75,' and 4498 Shares of
the capital stock -of tlie 'Mall. The will was
written in,lS91. The entire estate ¦ Is be
queathed to Mrs. Mary Colnon, the.wid
ow, and to Hazel Colnon, the daughter
They are to share alike. «
•Will 3 o* "E. L. Cblnon.
¦ SEATTLE, March 15.— A collision between j.
hose., wagon plunging down the. Columbia-street
hill in. response to a fife . alarm ; and a Third
avenue • and University ' car this ; evening re
sulted in the probable death of Engine Captain
Daniel McGinnis and the injuring of. three
others. '" • . ¦ ' . .
complished. His investigations induced
him to doubt that the pending bill would
accomplish the; results hoped for by its
advocates. He said, it had been contended
that the bill of last year would no more
than equalize the conditions between this
Country land European countries, arid yet
the present bill': proposes a much lower
subsidy.: ; He! insisted "that' the United
States' Government ought .to know defin
itely that this bill would produce the re
sults claimed for it before it was enacted.
The only ;thing_ absolutely.,. certain about
the measure : was that ships now in ex
istence w'ould receive a large amount of
money until the subsidy was repealed.
¦ Spooner gave notice . of an amendment
he proposed. to offer to the bill reser^ng
to Congress the right to amend or. repeal
the measure without, however, impairing
the operation of any contract entered into
under its 'provisions. , ' .. i
- "That wlll;be a notice to all the world,'.'
said he, "that 'this subsidy j is entirely in
the; hands of Congress and that It is not
a foundation upon which to build largely.
We ought to do this thing right, or not do
it at; ail.* For one, I do not feel at all
satisfied with the' bill."
OPPOSITION OF . MINOEITY.
' Senator. Berry - of. Arkansas... represent
ing" the; minority of the Senate Cominlttee
on Commerce, presented the report in op
position .to; the pending ship subsidy bill.
Most of - the points have • been . covered I in
speeches In ; the - Senate. The , minority
deny the accuracy.of both the predictions
and the: facts in the majority; report.
They urge that' the biir is wrong In prin
ciple and. declare that it will utterly fall
in- the accorriplishmerit-"of Its ; professed
objects. They also: say that whilelt is
not. so complicated as the subsidy bill; of
the Fifty-sixth Congress, it is- in, some
respects even more objectionable. The
Ininority continues: ,^g^j
•-; The~ bill proposes '• to ' tax the whole people to
the : extent > of- several- millions for < the benefit
of one single industry. Besides the statistics of
the last two years prove that : the shipbuilding
I Industry, does- not need such! special assistance,
but Is rapidly, increasing ' under natural condi- :
tions. -, i . -\.-.....' : i ;,—--, -; :. . ;-.-
''.They criticize the . feature of , the bill
which 'carries the ; subsidy for foreign
mails and -say:
"a The highest rate of subsidy Is given to twen
ty-knot .vessels," while the fast ocean mails are
really: carried 1n twenty-three and twenty-four
knot : vessels.* .3 The mail : compensation to the
slow ', American , vessela, already - too i high," is
made immensely higher by this- bill.- " We pay
more 'tot- a. [ weekly service than | England pays
for a semi-weekly., service; by much faster ships
than ours. RCtwttSftiifffTilr ' '
•They further^ urge -that 'the bill rna^s
hoVprovision' against aT shipping 'trust and
claim:, that it- encourages? a' {combination
leading- to ' such a t trusV V. They also say : -*
;.'.The lines, might also merge with foreign 'lines
to control .freight and . passenger rates.' Thereby
our; subsidy i would be aiding the foreign / part
ners of our -subsidized :.'. .;
know that there: ate hundreds 'and thou-'
sands of industries in our country doing a los
ing busies, but we deny that Congress for. this
reason cSj? go,, into the public treasury and save
them'.'trom. bankruptcy. ;..'VVe sympathize with
alPmen- lnr-tbe Hard 'struggles of life, 'but" It ' is
not the 'duty of.our^Governnient to interfere In
the private business affairs of, the citizen. We
believe that all men should have an equal and
FAX RAFAEL,, March 15. — Tony Silva has
been sent to the reform— school at Whi«ler t».
remain until he is of age. The lad is not yet
IB years old. ¦'¦ — . .
Indian Desperado Taken.
VANCOUVER. B. C March 15.— Whila
a contingent of provincial constables kept
watch, with rifles aimed at the door of
thf cabin which sheltered the Indian out
law, Johnnie Tackum, Constable Jones
approached the building from the woods
and • succeeded In. catching the Eiwash
who had defied capttire for three days.
The Indian murderer's" supply "of whisky
had run out and he had become tired of
his ceaseless vigil against attack. Near
by, in the woods, the overcoat of his vic
tim, Hussey, was found, with- bullet holes
through the front and back. Hussey's
body could not be found.'
Good fellowship reigned last evening at
the testimonial ¦ banquet tendered to A".
M. Cox. superintendent- of delivery of too
Postoffice, by the clerks of j the delivery
division .of this city. Superintendent Cox's
twenty--seven years of continuous service'
-was celebrated - by the gathering at the
California Hotel of the men. who are em
ployed in the branch- of the postal service
over r which- Mr.-- Cox presides, and the
banquet board was the occasion of many
happy expressions of esteem and regard
for the guest of honor.. :. . . :
When the delivery clerks and-the.in
vited guests were seated at the tables,
Chairman B. Mahoney of the, reception
committee presented to Superintendent
Cox a solid silver Invitation to the ban
quet, accompaying the gift with a happy
speech, to which- the recipient responded.
An elaborate meal was -partaken of and
it was a late hour when the tables were
cleared and Toastrnaster Welton J. "Phil
lips rose and called for order.
*. Tjhe. chairman v .called -upon E. F. Don
nelly ¦ to the health of "Our
Oaestv'*-fti»d-ln-frraceful wordsnhe latter
gentleman expressed the high esteem and
respect In' whidh' the clerks of the deliv
ery- division'" 'held their superintendent.
He ;t'6ld ; of'the long service of Superin
tendent Cox.and;the just manner in which
he always- treated? his associates and his
fcourleous bearing to all who came in con
tact {with -him. *\ jv*..
Cox was visibly affected
when be rose 'to ; reply and said that the
¦gathering^-was-ahe of the happiest that
cosld fall' to xhe lot of any man, more es
pecially'when the kindly expressions came
from his associates , in office.
"I value the esteeem of my fellow work
ers," said Superintendent Cox, "far more
than if this expression came from my su
periors, and it shows me that' those. who
have worked with me ¦ under ! trying cir
cumstances appreciate my efforts. I. thank
you all from the bottom- of my heart and
may God. bless every one of you."
E. A. O'Connor spoke for "Our Invited
Guest," J. W. Burson made a humorous
epeech in speaking for "Any Old Thing."
Harry Watkins responded to the toast of
"The Railway Mail Service." D. Sullivan
spoke for **The Carriers'* and' J. J.-Hand
ley for "The Night. Workers." .. "> -."
Those who had charge of the banquet
were: ; , ¦ . -•-•¦".;
Arrangement!! — Welton . J. . Phillips, , chair
man; Joseph Kudee. B. L. HesseHlne, E. F.
Donnelly. W. F. DoXigJas. ; B. Mahoney. : :
Reception — B. Mahoney, chairman; A. - . J.
Vining. J. W. Burson, F. D. Gri/fln. A.' K'
Imbrle, E. J, Barton and A. Springer. ;••*:,—
-The invited guests. were: '. , ;
W. W. Montague. B. F. McKlnley, Rl, R.
Munro. T. J. Ford. James O'Connell, j; L.
Mean. .S. Vv T . Backus, A. M. Cox, D, S. Rich
ardson. JS. A. O'Connor, W. . A. Robineon. M.
H. Klin*. Hv P. .Thrall, 6. Aldrlch.
Among those present* were: ':"-". '¦ 'C '¦'
W. W. Waters, D.J: Harlbw.C. ji! Per
kins. C. H. Lasercrantz, ' fc. Miller, W. C.
Dougherty, Daniel . McGrath. Hon. .William
O'Connell. XV. S. Paynter. A. . M. Wapple,
Roger Reynolds, T. M. Welch. F. McStocker.
F. O. Nelson, J. F. Mayer." C. P. M:;Queedens.
F. Jsaacs. T. N. Wilkina. E. J. Martell. J. A.
Halpln, J. O. Daut. E. E. Sawyer. Simon
Green. JVIlllam . P.. WuIU, 1*. ' t.. FitiKftrald. J.
Glnnochlo. H. Moscbach. William Ol^earv D."
1\ '-HWley.—A- T}1er.- .*.•¦ 3. 'Hahdfey,- *S.- J.
Becb*. D. Zirkle. A. R. ' Imbrie. M. Klein
haupt. M. Fried'.ander, A. Schuler. Gaorxe P.
Morris,. J. R. McGce. J. C:- Bbtles. G«orire E.
"Drum. • A.. L. Hart. F. C - . Jackson, - George VV.
KabirUv J. Mt-yersteln. Georjfe S. 'Hayman.
J. Gorflnkle. D. C. Smith. Edw. -J. Barton,
M- L., Culver, J." H. ; Donohoe, W. . E. Dean,
William G. Morrison. W. -L. Stotrell, F D
Griffin.' N.-E.- Locke. 'J.:W. Burson. R. Apple.
R. Onyon.;G. Day, D. Troy, ' A. J.VInlng.
DpnnJs Coyne, Georce Ctnway. George Hal
ton, T. D. Sullivan. Harry Watkins.
-rj- ONDON, March- 15.— The report
I that Americans, .will shortly have
I a London clubequal In exclusive
1V ness and prominence to any. qf
the leading clubs in the. United
States is confirmed. An influential An
glo-American committee was formed this
week- for the purpose of arranging- aU"'the
details' and getting tne organizatiraTeady
prior to the coronation of Kinged. ward.
Among- the . £ommitteemen are Lords
Kintore, Suffleld, Craven v. and Marcus
Beresford, Major General Sir Reginald
Pple-Carew, Anthony Drexel and ; Regi
nald D.. Ward. Other prominent -men',
both British and-Americari,' are expected
to Join the organizing body in the near
future. • • . . -. - i: ...
The club's name will probably be the
Columbia, and Its ¦ quarters will be in a
large building now occupied by the Avon
dale Hotel, Piccadilly, near St. ; James
street. The object is to afford Americans
who are now barred by their nationality
Irom several leading London clubs a- so*
cial headquarters in the- British/ capital
WILL HO1TOB- ; EMPLOYES ' r
WITH SII*VEU MEi>AIiS
Express Company Proposes 'yS66n<: to
Commemorate interestingly Its -
. . Fiftieth Anniversary.; ; : _ .
NEW YORK;. March. 15.— In". conimem-. \
oration of the fiftieth anniversary of. thel
organization of Wells, Fargo & Co., which
occurs next Tuesday, a silver medal will
be presented to" the "employes b£ the com-,
pany *4s a token .of the- company's ap^
preclction of their 'zeal and fidelity to its
interests." ¦ • ¦ -. ¦¦..-'. ¦:'.
This medal is about the size of a silver
dollar, and -in bas-relief on one side are
pictured the- stage "coach, and the pony
express rider of early -days in conflict
with Indians.' On the other side is an exr
press train, . emblematic of ,, the modern
method .of transportation. J . ' ,
In a . letter which will accompany the
medal to 1 each of the employes Dudley
Evans, the acting president, says:. ;"It
has been., customary from :-earU'est;;tlpies
to : commemorate not only an important
historical .event, but to emphasize in some
appropriate manner the birthdays of . in
dividuals, institutions and business .enters
prises of public . utility.;' In ; furtherance
of the chefrished wish of our late lamented
president,, 'who '.previous to* his : de^ath
caused: a model t6 be designed with; typ-^
ical representations on either; side in- bas
relief, we: have -had a' sufficient number
struck -to meet the requirements of the
department managers, who will-: see ; that
one of these medals, so'u'nique in ¦charac
ter, and precious as a souvenir of the serni--
Ceritennial of ih'e r cbmpany's existence.' "is
delivered on br about the "day 'named,
with : a copy of this circular, to each -emf
i ploye.. wIjo has , been l\n . the
sucUias^they have at home. Ladies will
be allowed the prlvllega J of admission- to
certain ¦> rooms, including -• the • dining
room^ s "When . started this will be the
most expensive club In England, the en
tran.ee fee (£50) being, more than the fee
asfe;etl , by . any- English. elub."'-'Any mem
ber, of^the leading, American organiza.
tlons,'such ,as: the Union and Knicker*
bobcker.; clubs of New York, the Somerset
Club of- : Boston, arid* the' MTetropolitan
Club of : : Washington, wiir be admitted
without .ballot for temporary- member
ship. To quote one of the founders of th©
club, ' "It will be a club de luxe, where,
Americans of good, social standing can |
feel ag . much . at home as .they would .at
tlie Metropolitan Club of Washington,
and yet. have the opportunty of meeting
the nicest people x in England on equal
terms."- ~ \ '•;"'•¦ >"; ' ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦.
' Only a few. weeks ago one of the old
est-, English .clubs passed a- by-law pro
hibiting Americans- from becoming mem
bers. .;,:;, . "• •¦ v ; " ¦ ir. r '-' '
service- for a_ period of one year prior to
tb'e: anniversary." •' ***'%•-:=..
"Congratulations to the gainers of med
als -ahd to ail employes -commendation for
their/faithful service and good wishes for
their: .welfare • are hereby - cordially ex
tended.'.'- : . ¦...¦: . : . ..... : . ;•-
Postal Delivery Glerks
Banquet Superin- 7
tendent Cox. ; ¦ '-\2
HIS INVITATION
ON SOLID SILVER
LYDDITE MAY IMPEBIL
THE FRIENDLY VESSELS
Explosive Seems to Possess the Curi
ous Properties of a Disas
trous .Boomerang 1 .
LONDON, March lo.— The extraordinary'
effect of lyddite has been -revealed by the ij
statement that during the recent experi
ments with the hulk of the old battleship
Belle Isle shells containing that explosive
refracted fragments upon the attacking
vessels, which were 300 yards distant-
Other fragments dropped close to a gun-,
boat situated 2000 yards abeam of the line
of fire. "¦;':'¦ '¦
The deduction drawn is that when lyd
dite is used there is danger for a friendly
vessel at least 2000 yards away. The Out
look compares. lyddite with a boomerang, ¦
and points out that to Be of any service
it must b# dropped right on board a hos- '
tile vessel, as "if the projectile does not
hit the right place it will fly back and
slay the slayer."
Britons Interested m an Organization io Be
Noted for Its Ekclu§iyehess.
SWELL ANGLO-AMERICAN
CLUB STARTS IN LONDON
THE SAN FriANGISCO '^CAJJL, /"SUNDAY^; MAECH 16, : 1902.
18
. ADVEBTISEMZNTS^f { -:;
Cures f f
DrunkaMs^ -
Secretly
Free Package of t •* Only Succ33sfal Cure
Known fcr DruaVenses3 Eenb to
All Who Send Name &nd
Address.
It Cu Be Pet Secretly lets Fojd or Coffee, tai
Qnieldy Cures the Sriift Ealit. '
Few men become drunkards from choice or
inclination — all welcome release from the aw-
ful habit. Golden Specific will cure the wont
habitual drunkard. This wonderful remedy-
can be administered by wife or daughter, in
rood, tea, coffee or milk, without causing the
slightest suspicion. Its cure is sure, without
Mf? and MF£S. HAii^Y BURNSIDZ.
harmful results' to thi system. ¦ Many a home
H now.Aappy by the .use ot -Colder* Specific
•"My husband pot , into a' habit of taking a
drink wfth the -boys on his way . home," say»
Mm. Harry Burnslde. "'After a while he caro«
home drunk frequently. He soon lost his posi-
tion and I had to make a living; for both of
lie and the tittle children. At times. he tried
to eober up. but the habit was loo strong for
h-m. and- then he would drink harder than
e%-er. . I heard of Golden : Specific and cent > for
a free package. The treatment. cured him. 1
pat it in his coffee and he never, knew -it at
all. He regained hie old position ' and • now
we are happy In our little home. again. 'I hop?
you will send Golden Specific rto . every woman
that has euffer«d as I have and eave : her loved
ones from. the drunkard's jrraye.". ,. ' .
Send yew name . and address to Dr; 'J. W:'
Halnes, 2»03 Glenn Building,'. Cincinnati;' Ohio;
and he trill mail you a fre$ . package, of golden
Specific in a plain wrapper, accompanied by
full directions how to Use JC-v, Enough: of, th«
remedy is cent in each ¦ free • package ¦ to give
you. an opportunity to uitn*tt> its- nvarveloug
effect on those who are tlaves to drink. '-
¦ Do not delay., Tou cannot tell what may
happen to the man who drinks, and you would
never forflve yourselt for waiting.
Distress
' frftPf n ff tin 0v
Nausea, between meals,- belching, yo'm-<
iting, flatulence, "fits of nervous head-
ache, pain in the stomach, are all symp-
toms of dyspepsia, and the longer it is
neglected the harder it. is to cure it.
Hood's Sdrsapairilta
and Pills
Radically and permanently cure . it-tr
strengthen, and' tone the stomach arid
other digestive organs': for the ; ' **?»??•'
performance* of their functions. . '.; .-
Testimonials , of remarkable cures .mailed or.
request. C. I.; HOOD 'CO.; Lowell, : Mass.
O«©O©O©OO»OOOQ©©©©e©QO0O©OOOOOOGOOOOCOOOOOOOO
¦9^. r : ¦¦: - ¦ ¦¦¦ ;- .:-.¦ , -p:. .... :. • . '-, -V. '. . . O
| Special Prices This Week |
1 Coke Dandruff Cure. .65c g
J JaD Rose Soap. . . ... . . . . . . ... . . . . .4 cakes 25c J
@ Regular price 10c. 0
% : .D'uirias' Perfumes... ............... .pep oz. 40c %
© Regular price ¦ 50c per oz. ' 0
| Vellot's Perfumes ................ . . pep oz, 40c {
0 R-gular price 50: oz. Q
S Peruna. . . . '. ;. . . . . ... . . .85c; 4 bottles 63,00 |
S Todd's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil. . . . .... ... . %
% ...75c; 3 bottles $2.00 g
g f odd's Sarsaparilla...... 75c; 3 bottles $2.00 g
g 'Pabst Malt Extract. . . .; . . .'. ;.;....... 20c g
© Regular price 25c. jj
S Hammohd's Celery Compound 75c; 3 bots. $2.00 g
S Trussies. . . . . . ... . . . . . . ; . .......... . . .$1.00 up I
S Elastic Silk Stockings. .S2.5O S
S Electric Belts. .. .... . ."." .S5.0O up S
© . ¦ - o
g Remember we save you about 50 per cent on f
2 Physician's Prescriptions. ¦:•
« l ci
g Buy your Camera now and get 20 per cent g
g discount— Special prices on photo supplies. o
I B? NO PERGfeNTAGE DRUG Cft J
8 949-951 Market Street. S
0" '• * we give trading' Stamps. >' '-'''S
¦©' • ' ¦ ¦" . . ¦ ¦ '®
j^yEBTISEMENTS.
Of National Eeputation are the Men Who
Recommend Pe-ru-na to Fellow Sufferers.
A Remarkable Case Reported From the
State, of New York.
COiMGRESSMAN HOWARD,. OF ALABAMA.
House of Representatives. ) \ with no better results. The diseaie kept
Washington. Feb. 4, 1899. ) . growing on me until I hid exhausted the
The Peruna Medicine Co-, Columbus, Ohio: ability of sixteen of Rochester's best physi-
.'" Gentlemen— I hare taken fertina how for dans. The last physician advised me >o
two weeks, and find I "am rery much relieved, give up my work ••»«••••«•••¦»« -
' I feel that my cure will 6e permanent, (have and go south, " in m..,. 11 ¦„¦..... - ..,, .J
also taken it for \ la grippe, \ and I take afer 'he had]
pleasure in recommending Feruna as en treated ms for ,,
excellent remedy io'all ieliow sufferers." one year. <> WBb$sT '
,.- ._.•';; . . : '- '., i M.W. HOWARD^ . «/ '„-„ ffilfea ;; ¦ lg \
Congressman Howard's home address is a thorough ex- •> '^9* 4^^- r^^ "
Fort Payne, Ala. ¦; / • _'¦; ,— •''• %.:^ amination with ' yC«A Ifff!''
MOST people think that catarrh is a ihe X-ray. They * 'Wztgk 1^^%. r^ :: -
'disease confined to the. head .and would not even 1 Oml&A. "^^^^^Sff '
nose. Nothing is farther from the , " ¦ ev f" *„ mWt^+t^g&JtMm
truthMt may be that the nose and throat determine what " "
Is the oftenest affected "by catarrh, but if my trouble was. J Ej^/pK^\SJr'JiEsg^ .
.this, is soit is so only because these parts Some of rour I tfli : lM*8(&rr*B&R*g!i 1 ' <
are more exposed io the vicissitudes of 7.7- -..-..- 7 T »¦ ' ' - !^A AI,4flu».A^g) ,,
the climate than the other parts of the testimonials in .?
body.-: >• . i ¦>¦¦:¦ -¦--¦-. :.,.;,-'. : ; . v - the Rochester " Mr. W. P. Peterson
- Every organ, every -duct; every .cavity papers seemed ['ot Morris, 111., says:
of thehuman body. Is liable to- catarrh.: *,S m a umnh* «/ "I was nearly dead
A multitude, of ailnients depend on vca- to me ?? rh l o/ "with catacrhal dyspep-
tarrh. This. 1s true winter and - summer, consideration, "sia andamnowawell-
Catarrh :< causes i many cases qf; chronic and I made up better, in fact.*,
disease. '.where the has not -the _,„ m ; nr i * n *-*„ than I have bepn for'
slightest suspicion: that catarrh has any- my .T'.J° trr ° ,? twenty T^Irs or more ?
thing, to 'do, with It. ": -I- ".¦¦:' -' " • ? ' ¦ botte of Peruna. ? tw^nce^1 eot rar/fit
,; The. following letter which gives the ex- Before the bottle tby your Peruna iTave
perjence of Mr/ A. C. .Lockhaxt Is a case as hatf gone / (jbeen consulted by a
-^Mn^^lickhart; corner .Cbttake noticed a change ;.6re« ."^ rs^ ple -"-;
street^and Thurston. road. Rochester. N. ior the better. I '.-' r Peterson.
Y., in a letter written to Dr. .Hartnaani am now on the ' L~. . .......... .Y
Sa^ the ,V-«°^ nS of Per^ a: ' - X%d mh bottle" and have nit an ache tr pain
"About. fifteen years ago I commenced 'to aaywherq / My bawefs m0K8 regu!cr fy every
63 a physiaan. He , fl £ Men Qn efg^ en f f
SftS^H^SfeSsSS^?*^ flesh. I have recommended Peruna to a
sia, and advised me. after herhad treated great matty > and the recOmmend /r Ker/
me about six months, to get a leave .of ab- l Wy , , r have io ,d several people that if
sencejronrjny business and go info, the tn l/ wou/d take a tott^ of Per^ and C0!/d
country. r /d,d so and got temporary rehef. the f nckndidly SQy that it had not benefi:ed
l^^^^0^ci
"I seldom had a passage of. the b'mefs a A f , t 7 T ' , ?"
naturally. I consulted another physician ''^^^e^^c^wi a £SS! 9 S--
;DE. PIKRCE'S REMEDIES.
- ¦?. JMiirthi is '.' an almost v In- 1 ' ¦' . *
: fallible i s i g n p f . iroocl fl ¦ ' g&a W* ¦
health. A sick woman Sj4*$I|&
may force a smile or at (^^^^
times .be . moved to laugh- lEaBgCJ!
ter. • But when a Woman IS^^w
is..-but)blincr - over wit li I^MB^y ' : ~ : ;
•pnrtb: and merriment siie ||^^y ' '
is surely- a well wonian. . , , B^ =a "^ mm
inadenhbusands of inelanchbly and mis-
erable-women", cheerful and happy,' by
curiag -the- ; painful -diseased
which underniine a woman's health and
strength. " 1^ • establishes regularity and
so^oesiaway with' monthly misery. '^It
dries;; debilitating drains ; and? so. cures
the cause* of much, womanly ' weakness.
«* heals : inflammation - attd. lilceration,'
and icures V the bearing > down - pains,
which ; are such a source of i suflenng to
side. . women." ,~ ... y :. ; ,'.-/
'«" Ita^ e S^at pleasure Inrecbrnmending Dr.
Pi^rce's- Favorite Prescription : for female wtaify
S*? 8 .'"*.^ 1 *!' Wrs - Susannah , rernftdter; ,of
Sil 1 *^ 1^ -^elby C9.,T«as. « I we» troubfed
*ith bearlnjc-dcrtra pains in my" bade and hips'
for ri^years, 1 and I wrote to Doctor Pierce for
5FH25& l tried hi * ; Favorite PreacriptJoa • and ,
•H* w'ttles cured me. .,1 feel like a new penoa
and I thank Dr. Pierce for myTiealth. Life is a
burden'to any one without -health. I havetold
a great many of my ; friends 'about the great
medicine I took.". --¦• j - ¦ . : .
; ; Accept nb '^substitute "for "Favorite
Prescnptioii.«: There is-nothiifg' «jusf
as 'good:" ' ¦•-'¦"•¦¦--,• * *
OpH^^'s^'Co^bn^nM^Med^?
Ad .Y.?? er - » s ' sent ' ffrie ¦ 6'n' receipt r of .
stamps to- pay ejrpeaae \ of .mailing; only.:
Send 2i, one-cent "stamps for the paper',
covered : book, 31 • stamps - for : thef
cloth bound. -Address Dr. R.V. Pierce, 1
Buffalo, N. Y. - ;
Mrs. Louise Grau, Who 5s 72 Years Old, Has
Been Permanently Cured of Rheumatism,
Kidney and Liver Trouble by
w||^|||i'^ffi^|M||
A TRIAL BOTTLEOF THE WORLD'S GREATEST I^IDNEY CURE SENT '
ABSOLUTELY: FREE TO EVERY HEADER OF THE. CAULlWHO SUF- .-
FERS FROM KIDNEY.' 'LIVER. BLADDER OR . BLOOD vDlSEASE, OR~i
WHAT IS COMMQ>'LY KNOWN AMONG WOMEN AS ViFEMALE WEAK- ,.;i
NESS." - ;-•¦ .-.',-'....¦ • ,.;,:¦;-. vV . _ ¦• ¦>;¦...,. ., ¦ 1
Warner's Safe :Cur£ Is tee only sure cure for all forms of kidneyr HreT, blad- -
cicr and blood diseases: It has cured thousands, it will 'cure' you: Mrs. Louise
Grau. who Ts"72 r ~> ears "old. "say's Warner's Sale' Cure" "eured"lier ' of "rheumatism, •
kidney and liver complications..:- . , . .: . j
•GUliES: RHEXJMA|IfMi 'M
jgfZiP^^^^L. ¦'¦ -~. o: 37 St.. Mark*.s' Place 1 , Brpbklyn, N. Y.
.: '"ITirm over -72 '.years Old and'have Ions
$? T^^^^^i ~'> .'I'"'- ¦ puffcred 1 .. from-- kidney /und\llver. troubie.
Igr—-.: .^ £ ,-"^^ '¦*¦>!¦¦ ;v* ;'• 'long-. ago' t*\ called a p|ty$icjlan'l '.^ho
$ — , ¦ : '-' i^J me. no good, antX'. yfriend^recOmniend- '.
' ¦SxsT'r * '- •' ''^^^'Wtj, ' ¦ c! Warner ;s Spfe Cu?e. I^began' talcing it
' fc^iii!r§> v»-sihout r Ji.Qp'e' that'Iit "\\"Ould'.;be ofja'ny
tiM v^^^S'^^^sa ; servlc*','.but"at'-onc«' I'- b^an ;to""n6tioe';a. :
'^l^_x' Z ''' 0^yhti-\ change for'the better. In'-* addition to kid-
.^^\ i '&$& i:cy aiid'llr^t trouble, I have suffered -from
Ifes^C '•J3§BF~- rheumatism."' The- latter -has entirely dls- , .
B *^U-^p^ ' ' appeared, and I feel like -a young girl. I
1^, am willing at all times to recommend this
f>- \ greatest of all remedies. .Thankfully
j^^^^^^^0 /J>^ >^\ TES T YOUR KIDNEYS.-Put somo .
/^w^^^^^»b^ifea^\v, y^yS^k, mcrnir.g urine in a glass or bottle; let it
str;r '^ twenty-four hours; if then it Is
rci'ky cr cloudy or has a reddish, chalky
TfgPNIPP/jf BW$tr'\/W- ¦' r W . J»* stdiment in the bottom of the glass, or if
*$ffia!yrT / /t>sjl 1/^*^ particles or germs float ' about In It, your
< uMp kidneys are diseased, arid you should not
lose a moment, but get a bottle of .Warner's Safe Cure, as the .disease works
very rapidly and is liable to gain such a loothold- that you cannot cure it or stoo
its spread without a great deal of pain and suffering. *
Warner's Safe Cure, is purely vegetable and contains no harmful drugs; it do»s
not constipate; it is a most valuable ana effective tonic; -it is a stimulant to
oigestion and awakens the torpid liver, putting the patient into the very best
receptive state for the work of the restorer o^ the kidneys. It prepares the tis-
sues, soothes inflammation and irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs and
reals at the same time. It builds up the body, gives it strength/ and restores
Ihe energy that is or has been wasting under the - baneful suffering of kidney
dispase. ¦ •* • . , - - . -- ... ¦ . , ..
-tVarner's Safe Cure isjiovr put up in two regular sizes and sold, by all drug-"
gists, or direct, 5O CENTS AND S51.OO A BOTTLE.
LESS THAN ONE CENT A DOSE. . .
I Refuse substitutes. There is none ''just as good as" Warner's Safe Cure. Jt
has cured all forms of kidney disease during the last thirty years. It is pre-
scribed _by all doctors and used in the leading hospitals as the only absolute cure -
tor all forms of disease of the kidney, liver, bladder and blood • • , t
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the liver, kidney bladder An*
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them a trial bottle will be sent abso-
lutely free to any one who will, v.-rite Warner Safe Cure Co.. Rochester NY
and mention having seen this liberal offer in The Call. The genuineness' of 'this
effer is fully guaranteed by the publisher of this papec On^doctor^ will semL
medical booklet, containtag symptoms ar.d treatment of each disease and rn^y
convincing testimonials. 'tree, to any one who -will write. r~~"*« manyThe checks which, pass through the
London clearing house in six weeks are
more than equal in amount to all the
coin of the world.
It was decided to put three ( m«n on
trains between this city and Ogde'n to ad
vertise Northern California personally
and by the distribution of literature.
, A resolution recommending concerted
action for irrigating and draining lands
and that laws be enacted allowing any
reclamation or swamp land district to
buy warrants or bonds of another was
adopted, and a committee composed of
J. O. Coleman, T. W. • Sheehan, R. T.
Devlin, A. T. J. Reynolds and A. L. Shinn
was appointed to arrange for a conven
tion of reclamation and swamp land dis
trict trustees, to be held' in this city In
the near future.
The erection in this city of a hotel for
the accommodation of tourists was rec
ommended.
A* resolution was" adopted urging county
Boards of Supervisors to le^ya 2-cent
tax for exhibits at the Louisiana Pur*
chase Exposition in St. Louis next year.
SACRAMENTO, March I5.-The direc
tors of the Sacramento Development As
sociation met here to-night, "Will S.
Green, F. E. Wright and J. L. Swank of
Colusa, H. S. Joselyn of : Woodland. H.
P.. Stabler, of Tuba City. Dr. R. M. Green
of Oroville and: Frank Miller, M. R.
Beard, Alexander Gordon, J. O. Coleman
and Commissioner of Public Works Frank
D. Ryan of this city being present
Takes Up a Number of
Projects.
Sacramento Development Association
PLANNING TO ADVERTISE
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
CITY OF MEXICO, March 15.— E. H.
Harriman, \. the ''railway magnate, * and
party have gone to Cuernavaca; They are
visiting J all ;- objects of interest I to sight
seers,'and Harriman refuses to talk busi
ness
Harriman Will Not Talk "Shop.''
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.— The
answer j of • Count Tolstoy " to tie letter/of
a -Swedish : committee that the
Nobel literary prize was given" to Armand
Sully-Prudhomme, the French author, in
stead of to him, has been published. He
thanks the committee for- -its friendly
communication and, ¦incidentally, ihe
whole, world for its sympathy at this
time, but remarks that, fortunately, he
Is in no need of money and regards money
as a* curse, anyhow. . The answer- was
dated February 17. , v.\ '
Tolstoy Wants No Money.
SEATTLE, March 15, — John P.. Susrue and
Arthur Wilson, two member* of the commit
tee : selected by the miners- to ¦ protest against
the ' Treadgold concession in . thie , Klondike . ar
rived -: in •'¦ the city to-night on their -way to
Ottaw» . .
SANTA" ROSA. March 15.— Suit was i be
gun here to-day in which the Wickersham
Banking Company asks for • a "judgment
against ; the Santa Rosa. Water Company
for ; $33,400/ alleged to be due on three
promissory notes: The first bears date
of January '21; 1S9S, and is . for. $27,000 ; at
C per cent. It has the- signatures of -Mark
L.v- McDonald as -president and Mark L.
McDonald Jr. as vice president. The sec
ond note was ; executed on Juno 3,* 1899,
and is for $1300. : At, this time : Mark! L.
McDonald Jr.; was president of the com
pany and Arthur S. Luce_ secretary. -The
third '. note is ¦. for. $400 and - bears the • same
signature as the second. /Interest is asked
for in addition to the face of. the notee. ,
Bank Sues on Three Notes.
¦ WASHINGTON, .March 15.— The . hear
ings on pure food legislation were contin
ued to-day before the House Committee
on Commerce, J.H. Madden of
speaking in behalf of extensive wholesale
grocery and' food manufacturing- Inter
ests. He maintained that ; the trade was
strongly opposed to deleterious articles
injurious to health, but that a restrictive
law should, end with the suppression ot
such ' goods and should not go to the ex
tent of administering, business affairs, fix
ing standards, requiring labels, formulas;
etc. The Corliss bill was pref erabte, ; he
said, to the Hepburn bill. The hearings
will continue Monday.
Pure Food Legislation Discussed.
PORT TOWNSEND.-Wash., March 15.—
Jameson and Wilkes, two notorious smug
glers of Chinese, were captured last . night
together A with their sloop, by the customs
authorities. ; The storm of yesterday, drove
the sloop into a cove near Fort Worden,
where they landed the Chinese under the
guns of the fort. The : customs officers *in
a launch bore ; down upon the sloop and
captured ;them without resistance. ..Late
last night one of the Chinese landed by
them was captured in the outskirts of the
city. The authorities ; have been looking
for Jameson for Beveral months and suc
ceeded in capturing 'three sloops belong
ing tov him ' but he managed to escape
until last night. When a. revenue •launch
was passing him recently he ran his sloop
close 'inshore and, jumping overboard,
took to the woods.
Wilkes Just After Coolies
Are Landed J
Capture the Sloop- of Jameson ar.d
CUSTOMS OFFICERS CATCH V ;."V--
SMUGGLERS OF CHINESE
The cause of the explosion is not known.
The front of the two-story frame building
was blown completely out and the plant
gutted by fire, which , followed the ex
plosion. The company manufactures rail
road torpedoes.v The pecuniary los»s -will
not exceed $10,000.- i About three* weeks
ago an .explosion ; similar ¦to- the. one' of
to-day occurred at , the torpedo • factory.
The injured are: Miss Christine Smitzer,
probably fatally burned; Miss .Kittle"
Howard, will probably die; Frank Grosch,
arm broken and body burned and bruised;
Miss Augusta Alden, burned and injured
by jumping from second-story window;
Lena Kort, .back injured In jumping from
second-story window; Mrs. Liza Cottlll,
burned and' bruised;- Miss Helen Carey,
jumped from second-story window, back
•injured. , .;~
CLEVELAND, March 15.— An explosion
in the powder-mixing department of the
Fairmount Manufacturing Company at
H2D4 Euclid avenue early to-day resulted
in' the death of one girl employe, while
at least seven other persons were seri
ously injured. The dead girl is Anna
Fritz, 17 years old.
Cleveland Firm Blows Up With
out Warning.
Powder-Mixing Department .of a
EXPLOSION CAUSES DEATH
AND INJURES EMPLOYES
Despite the, decision of the party lead
ers there , will be a strong tight over the
tjuestion' of- whether the tariff concession
shall be of indefinite, duration ; or for a
limited period. Should the beet sugar
Republicans insist on holding out the
period may not be limited. Should they
show signs of allowing the biir to go
through - for the sake of party harmony
without attempting fatal combinations in
either branch it may be that, "as decided
in Senator Hanna's house yesterday, the
period of reciprocity will be confined to
the- present and next sugar, crops. It is
hoped by the leaders that" the latter plan
will prevail, and that a serious 'party
split may be. avoided.
It was decided to force a vote at the
caucus as early after the .meeting con
vened as possible. This decision was not
reached until air the members of the con
ference thoroughly convinced that
they had votes enough in caucus to in
struct the committee to report the bill.
The programme was finally mapped out
by the House leaders this afternoon at a
meetiug held previous to a conference
with the beet sugar Republicans. There
were present Speaker Henderson, Chair
man Payne and Representatives Dalzell,
Grosvenor and Long. Only one sentiment
was expressed, and that was that it was
useless to dicker any longer. ,
CALL. BUREAU, HOG G STREET, N.
\V., WASHINGTON, March . 15.— A bill
providing, for a; 20 per cent reduction in
tariff rates on Cuban products to cover
the present and next sugar crops, or possi
bly to continue indefinitely, will be
brought to a vote in the Republican cau
cus next Tuesday night. It has been de
termined that the. Senate will not raise
the rate and will stick to the 2")* per cent
reduction of the Ways and Means bill.
.The decision reached by the Republican
leaders is the result of various confer
ences between the House leaders friendly
tc Cuba. and Senators prominent in Re
publican party management. The last
and deciding conference was held yester
day afternoon in the residence of Senator
Hanna, when it was agreed that the inter
ests of the National Republican organiza
tion demanded that action should be taken
to grant concessions to Cuba without fur
ther delay. o j }-'.'¦
\
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A Bill Granting Conces
sions to Cuba Finally
- — Agreed Upon... 'a
REDUCING RATE
ON TWO CROPS
"Inasmuch, therefore, as Henri Verner
Berghall and Margaret 'Evelyn .Herron,
being united by a reciprocal love, have
taken each other as husband and wife,
according to the laws of this State and
in the name of God I announce them hus
band and wife, and whom God' hath
joined together let no man put asunder.
Amen." - I
,The marriage was not according to "the
new: and simple form," by which the
bride's_brother. Professor Herron. and his
disciple and; affinity, Miss Carrie Rand,
were married last May. Dr. and Mrs.
Eerghali decided in favor of the convcn«
tional way. There was one .change in
this, however, the officiating Presbyterian
clergyman, the l^v. J. : S. Mason, "an
nouncing" instead of ''pronouncing", them
man and wife. Mr.' Mason, after asking
It each would take the other and each
assenting,, used these words: .
. METUCHEN, N. J., March 15. -Miss
Margaret Evelyn Herron, sister of Pro
fessor George D. Herron, was -married to
day to Dr. Henri Verner Berghall of
Manistee, Mich., at the residence v of the
bride's parents, Elrr.wood Farm, near, this
l>lace. The numbers of the Herron fam
ily an-3 a few friends were in attendance.
The couple left in the afternoon for St.
Louis, which is to be their future home.
Ritual a Trifle in New Jer
. sey Wedding.
Presbyterian Clergyman Changes the
"ANNOUNCING" THE WORD:
INSTEAD OF "PRONOUNCING"
Surgeons Perform Delicate Operation
to Relieve a Ran Jose
Infant.
REMOVE TOBACCO TAG
»FR0M A BABY'S THROAT
SAN JOSE. March 15.— A 13-month-old
baby of Los Gatos swallowed a star
shaped tin tobacco tag five week3 . ago.
and until it wasi removed from its throat
yesterday the infant's life was despaired
of. The child was playing on the floor,
and, finding the tag, put It into Its mouth.
In attempting to swallow it the pronga
of the metal struck in the throat and it
gradually worked its ? way into the
trachea and the entrance to the lungs.
The relieving: operation, which was a
very delicate one for a child of its age,
was performed In the O'Connor Sanitar
ium by Dr. J. U. Hall, assisted by Dr.
F. W. Knowles, Dr. Gober and Dr. Beat
tie. It was necessary to open the esopha
gus or gullet, where the metal tag was
found securely lodged behind the wind
pipe. The operation was a success and
the baby will recover.
Funston Dines With. President.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Brigadier
General Frederick Funston to-day had
luncheon with the President after bavins
been in consultation with him for some
time. Early in the day General Funston
called at the War Department and re
ported his arrival to Adjutant General
Corbin. He also paid his respects to Lieu
tenant General Miles. Nothing has yet
been arranged with regard to the future
duties of General Funston, but It is prob
able that he will not be sent back to the
Philippines unless he wishes to go there-
VALLEJO. March 13.— The derailing of
a cattle train in tunnel No. 1, west of
Vallejo Junction at 7:30 o'clock this morn
ing blocked traffic. The Napa and Vallejo
trains were delayed and did not make
their trips, westbound passengers waiting
at Vallejo Junction until the . steamer
General Frisbie called for them on her
way to San Francisco at 12:30 o'clock.
During the afternoon the tunnel was suf
ficiently cleared to permit east and west
bound passenger trains to pass through.
Train Derailed in Tunnel.
Mrs. Addie B. Richardson, wife "of .the
dead man, was the first - witness called
by the defense. She. explained her pres
ence at different times with Fife. The
only time she had gone riding with him
was when her husband requested her to
drive the horse to the public square and
water it, telling her at the same time to
take Fife along. When seen on. the stone
steps with Fife she said she was looking
for her husband, who was drunk. . Rlch
ardson'had taken a cure for drunkenness
and she told of ' his quarreling oh "the
street with Fife. The witness shed tears
when she said ;lier •. husband -was not
abusive when sober, but- only, when drunk.
She told the same .story .of .the .murder
as she had related at her j own •' trial ¦ a
month ago. V . . : ¦ >',-;¦
James \V. Boyd, the leading counsel for
Fife, then made the -statement-! for his
client. The defense would show.' he said,
that Richardson had - once'asked his wife
to drive Fife down-to: the square; that
when he went to ..North Yakimay' Wash.,,
after the murder, heidid notrcover : up
his whereabouts; that the revolver found
by, the Rickoff. boy was placed there a
long time after th^ murder, and that Fife
was at the Owl Club rooms at the' time
the murder was committed. '_¦ : - ¦¦ ¦- .'¦" '
Sheriff Holcomb was recalled ! to-day
and cross-examined about. the finding of
a revolver by Carl Rickoffi in a sewer
yesterday. The State submitted as evi
dence this revolver, with the /statement
that the bullet ' taken from Richardson's
head was of. the same' size- as the. empty
shell found in the revolver. "./" 1>-
The State attorneys previously, asserted
thatythey would prove by this woman
that Fife had made . admissions to her
after the murder of Richardson that
would connect him with the crime. She
wasj/not to be found when the State
called her name two days ago.
SAVANNAH, Mo., \ March . 15.— In the
trial of Stewart Fife for the murder of
Frank W. Richardson the State to-day
practically closed its side, of .-. the case.
They asked, however, to be allowed to ex
amine one- other witness. "Lydla. Fuson,
who is ill, if she is able to come into
court next week, i'.^t- f,; , . ¦ -
It is allegVd that much cattle stealing
is being done in the island and that a
nujnber of minor officials are implicated
in the work of the thieves. Investiga
tions into the stealing of cattle in Matan
zas resulted recently in the arrest' of the
Chief of Police and the administrator of
the . slaughter-house. The ; prisoners^ were
subsequently released on bail and the
Mayor of Matanzas reinstated them. Gov
ernor General Wood, however, has for
bidden that they be allowed to perform
the duties of their offices pending their
trial.
"Cuba can produce sugar more cheaply
than any other country, and she will find
markets if the Government to be estab
lished knows how to obtain liberty— to of-;
fer Cuba's ma'rket to the country which
gives the most in return. If the United
States makes less than 50 per cent reduc
tion in the tariff the first thins the new
Government should do is to demand the
right to make commercial treaties with
other nation's.""
HAVANA, M^rch 13.— Secretary of State
Tamayo and Senor Capote sailed for the
United States to-night on the steamer
Mexico. They go to .consult Tomas Es
trada PaJma; President-elect, of Cuba,
with regard to the inauguration of^the
new government. Governor General Wood
will probably leave Havana next week., j
The Avisidor Commercial in an article
on the sugar Industry in the islands says:
Cattle Stealing on Island
a Subject for, In
vestigation.
Lydia Fuson\Is Expected to
fell About Alleged
Murder. V '
Cuban Officials Will Con
fer With President-
Elect.
Trial in Missouri May
.Result in More
Revelations.
PALMA'S ADVICE
IS KEGESSAflY
STATE DEMANOS
ABSENT WITNESS
THE SA2s FRANClSGO ', CALL, SUuS DAY, MARCH 16, 1902.
19
S OUR HIGH-CUSS NOVELTIES ARE OUR ATTRACTIONS, -g
§ Wholesale. J Retail |
g o = o •
O MONDAY, MARCH 17. AT 9 A. M., 5
! A4S00-YARD FODLAHD SILK SALE |
\^ Again we demonstrate 3 *T MONDAY we will place r"
LxJ our silk-selling supremacy '" '" on sale a magnificent col- m
= ,,oWa pne, on th, n,ost C ft ft P 5
seasonable and desirable « H B H I" no t an old design in the
O Foulard Silks, an immense V? %£ W lot, but a collection of this
variety of these, entran- v season's newest patterns. -_j
cingly beautiful light and PER YARD. We firmly believe that this m
dark effects; this price will unusual special sale price
~ crowd our silk aisles with Beal_ Value will appeal to economical o
~ eager buyers. 75c Per Yard, buyers. Ti
% ° AN EXTRA HOSIERY SPECIAL. * g
FOR MONDAY ONLY. OO
— 2200 pairs Ladies' Fast Black Cotton Hose, with double soles and °
— ' toes; fine gauge; on sale five P airs for $1«OO 2>
e o J : -^ g
Extraordinary Monday Sale of OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT H
weix-made A MARVELOUS m|
g MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. EMBROIDERY SALE §|
S on RC th^ ka S e rm^nfs.1^u 1^e i tu? White Embroideries and In- g
UJ assurance that every piece is of sertings, thousands -of yards C/D
_j strictly dependable make and qual- Special, per yard, Monday.... [[J
S . SPECIAL NO. 1. AT 5c CO
-. Cambric Gowns, tucked yoke, *
5 S^^g SlfieSS^^^S °*£-Y° r * and g
6 very reasonable 75c -Bandings q
2 SPECIAIi NO. 2. AT 12^c AND 10c YARD. 5
a Cambric Gowns, with surplus 2
S back and front, tucked yoke and Swiss and Nainsook, Embroid- *£
© hemstitched • —3- V aiue •« si.OO e F ed in a great va- &
§ SPECIAL NO. 3. . nety, Monday, only.. g
© Cambric gkirt. with 5 rows of AT 15c YARD. q
© tucking and embroidery inserting \ . A
q and dust ruffle. Sale price.. §1.00 Cambric, Lawn, and Swiss Edg- 9
© SPECIAL NO. 4. ings and Insertings, beautiful ©
® Muslin Drawers, made of sooCL needlework ®
S tTr^P'tu^^lkle^^icI!^!.^ AT 3Oc, 25c AND 20c YARD. §
§ EXCLUSiVENESS OF STYLE IS OUR CHARACTERISTIC. §
iest for Yourself the Wonderful
To Prove What Swamp- Root, the World- Famous Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Dr. Kilmer & Co.! Bii^haniton, N. Y.:
Gentlemen— In justice to you I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the
. sample bottle of Swamp-Rbbt you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past five years with kid-
: : . new and bladder* trouble. . -Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being.
•' ; . but the old complaint would in a short time-return again. I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp- Root, and I found
it did me a world of good. ; Since then I have taken eight small bottles .bought at my drugstore, and I consider
r myself perfectly. cured. -It seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. 'I do not have- the
smarting and irritation; nor do I have to get. up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or four
.times a' night, but now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a' new man.
Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-Root. They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise of it.
. .:. It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all whd are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
; : v My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the blessing you
have brought t& the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root. v JAMES COOK.
: = .. ¦ /¦ V/e remain, yours very truly, HUGH E. BOYLE.
. ¦; Officers pf the 58th Police Precinct, Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.,
-^i.-. If. you.- are sick or "feel badly." begin ' taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and If permitted to continue much suffering
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irri-
table., Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges you to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy
kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints and' muscles: makes your
head ache and back ache, causes Indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you
feel asthough you had heart trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
¦ Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used In the leading hospitals, recommended by- physicians in their private
. practice, and is taken by doctors them^-lves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
¦ .science has ever been able to compound.
I'j If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-^Root. and the address. Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle. ,
1 EDITORIAL NOTICE.— Swamp- Root, the great Kidney. Liver and Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful
.'- ~ that .a special arrangement has been mndc by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial • letters received from* men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing, be
'-.¦¦'¦ sure .and .mention reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mer &- Co.",- BinghamtOTKN^YV__^^___ ' . p.
\ There are three go:d reasons why every man should buy his clothes here,
and for thesame reasons every mother should ruy her boy's clothes of us, too.
First — The clothing is all made by us in our own workshops — we know
j ;st whit sort of materials are used and we know that the cbthes are in the hands
\ of the i-est of workmen. But the value of our making the clohing lies in our
I ability to sell d:rect to you, ihus giving you the benefit of the middleman's iis.'al
\[ profits. If you could fu ly appreciate what this saving means to you, you wou'd
I; Second — We guarantee everything we se'l to give perfect satisfaction. If
| it does not y~u have your choice of two privi:eges^a satisfactory exchange^ your
! money back.
| Third — Every garment bought from us" is kept in repair iree fora year after
| purchase. You will not on y find this convenient, but When the clothe; are fixed
l \ up occasionally they wear much longer.
1 Men's Suits Three=piece suits
Buy one of our $ 9 ready-to-wear suits J M " de of , W&$t tweed f SHll!
andexaminMt critically. You will tW$*$MB% c f om P n : e coa > v f ,-
that the cloth is all-wool: that the qual- JgM %Ml C °£jA° T r^rB
ity of the trimmings lining, and lind- b^l S^'
ings are good; thit the sleeves, shoul- J " es 9 t0 l6 - the P^
I! ders but on -holes and seams are we 1 c A r /\
wcrked, the pork? s well -tayed and
he collars gracefully turned: the pants Norfnltr Cfliifc
will set wen over the b hoes, and hang; . I^IUI 1\J1IV dUItd
a> :hey -hould: in fact, the whole suit, Mad? of a^ wool tu-eed; : in x h-laes-
insid? and out. wil be well made. lcp2 desigis cf hid d check
Th ? sui s ccrne in single and doub'e y^, d and ° plai^d front and back: aVes
breasted styles and the pitterns are 4 to 14: price- .,•:•"¦•:*
i numerous: price "*' " .. "^
MO Spring styles in hats, caps, furnishing goods andV
' -^ » ¦ w'sh suits are now in and worthy of your inspection.
; A at our r A I ' jf\ jf^ ty 0^ " i^"> Out-of-town 01-
1 ways prove inter- %*^# °/ -W W %^ W S P fl«l m ffl us * op «n> thing in
esting, whether I r .^•^V^y'-w * X^^ men's or boys'
i you need clothes* . . "., clothing, furnish-
: hats or furnish ings j\S Market Street ingsorhats.
'":¥•' You can't help saving money if you buy yout
/jr drags, medicines and toilet articles at The Owl. %
¦'! We cut the price on everything we sell, and every- ||
# thing sold guaranteed to be the best you can buy 1,
'¦'•'¦ji ahywhere at any price. Special sale all week— m
/! ending Saturday night, March o.id. '\
n* f\w%*i *» •! If A &^kf" w\ III I If 111*3. ' i*\oi XI rt 3 DwlUll* VI Kr j,
I and Churchill's Skin Soap 25c Rye WhlsXcy /** Li
r> Both these toapt tell rejulafly tor h5^r ' ° • ¦ I
DAf» 5 r C - e KW^an'$ Mennen's Talcum Pciwder 9 [
t Scotch Whiskey 95c ¦ ,z tor .«e w
Direct from Scotland-ieU. tef ~ SeUt ererrrhew , ft* J|c each jM J
ulirly for $i. jo ' CarttiS rtTOXluC 01 . - ffjf
m ». Carl Renner's Malt 15c Hydrogen— small 15c ./fif
W. Made In Munich— create* aa ap- Reettlar price »jc _ /jf/i
\l V^Ln-^?^ Tangle Foot.Fly Paper box 25c W
M.Su^arofMilk 1 lb. pk^. 25c *£{£* theet * . to ** ns^" M
W ¦'. :•' othen ebar B . >w i Belladonna Plasters 4 for 25f J//
\a Oriental ueam «?• Retn i«r pnee ioc each jff/f
"vKS Regular price %\A% •_-. . - ¦- *¦_._»• S/jft
. W\ Send for our nev catalogue— just out. \ Mf^
; <LhQvW%k*tigg> Jap
'^^ / 1129 M.rllci S«.. San rr*n«u« a •J Wl/
y\\\ -^ Bro.dw.y b lOth Si.. Oahland i IfDENVER, March 15.— 3t. Vincent's 'Or
phan Asylum, situated in the • northern
part of the city, . was badly , damaged I by'
lire this afternoon., There were 200 - or
phans in the institution. 'All >ere rescued
unharmed.^ The asylum is conducted by
iho Catholic Sisters of Charity/,
Fire Damages Orphan Asylm.
WASHINGTON. March 15.-A commit
tee of representatives of printing crafts
talked with the President to-day and
handed him a memorial requesting that
the ruling of the Postofflce Department
barring from the mails certain publica
tions issued annually, seml-annually and
quartely, be set aside. Those compos
ing the committee were Joseph G.- Little.
J. C. Oswald and William Green, all of
New \ ork. They, stated that they repre
sented 1000 firms, employing 100 000 per
sons, and that the ruling was a great
hardship.
Printers Appeal to President.
Pell expects to make a trial trip the last
of April, and by the first of May will start
for San Francisco. ...
The car has been completed and the
inventor is now at work upon the two bal
loons which are to. furnish the buoyancy
expected to sustain the machine. During
the week fa 20-gallon oil tank has been
placed ln position; also a tank burner, six
heating burners and two water tanks,
each with a capacity of 35 gallons. * The
framework la ready, to be attached to the
balloons, windows are in place and! the
engine and. boiler will be ready shortly.*
All parts are of the lightest materials.
"There wJll be two balloons of cigar
shape, made of wire and light , air-tight
canvas, painted with fireproof asbestos.
Each will bo 160 feet long, a huge wing
on each side,' and the propeller wljl be 12
feet, the whole weighing two. and a half
tons."
"The passenger car and machinery room
Is ship shupud, 10x30 feot, 7 feet high, with
promenado on top," said Mr. Wolfe. "In
side the car will be a ten horsepower
steam engine which will work ( the propel
ler, two wings und a forced draught. 'Hot
air* will be used for power. Tho engineer
will be in the front of the car, and from
his post can operate all the machinery
and have the sailing apparatus completely
under control.
V. D. Wolfu of tha firm of Wolfe & Me-
Ki'uzU; nrchltects of this city, has just re
turned from lone, where ha is supervising:
the erection of buildings. While thero hu
was shown tho airship Pell has under con
struction. ,;.'•,:
BAN JOSE, March 15.-Ione, Anuidor
County, lum an Inventor of un airship
who iM-ii«-vi-rt lie has solved thu problem
ot in rlni navigation. Ills namo Is Harry
Pell. Bo confident Is this citizen of lono
that JiIm nit'Bhlp will bo a sueeesg that he
has udiiifii May 1 an th<i duy on which ho
will fly to Sun Francisco.
Bpeclal DlepHtGli to The Cull.
Another question of considerable Im
portance to all railroads In this country
Is a resolution touching the manner of
Fettlng business In Europe. The text of
this resolution Is not given to the public.
The essence is said by officers of the bu
reau to be a strong recommendation to
the European agents to "get together."
It is understood that It. recommends the
formation of a bureau or pool or working
agreement of some kind, by or through
¦which ruinous rate-cutting may be pre
vented.
PORTLAND, March J3.-Aftcr a meet
ln« iHKtlns three and n half weahn the
tr8t)«ontlnrntiil freight bureau aJ
journed »:lnn <)!- at noon. A cemplute re
vision of iho tariff sheetu hoa been effect
td nnd ev«?ry Hem )u.h been cleurod fropi
the docket. Uefore adjournment arrange-
ItifntB wero mud* for a standing inspec
tion committee, tho thief duty of which
will be to interpret the tariff sheet for
tho members of the bureau and to make
recommendations for changes when they
shall bo found desirable. Through the
Inspection committee it is expected uni
formity will be given to tho interpretation
of uncertain provisions in tho printed
•schedule and thla will not only keep the
railroads pretty well lined up at all times,
but will prevent the accumulation of so
many auestlons for the bureau to deal
with. This committee will bo composed
of representatives of the Pacific Coast
terminal lines of transcontinental sys
tems. It ia flpeclfled that the first meet-
Inc of the Inspection committee shall be
held In California and the next meeting
In the Pacific Northwest.
Br«el«l Dlrpatch to The Call.
Says He Will Ply to
San Francisco on
May 1.
Transcontinental Bureau
Ends Its Session in
Portland.
CITIZEN OF IONE
BUILDS AIRSHIP
AGREES ON NEW
FREIGHT RATES
BUTTE. Mont.. March 13.— Judge Har
ney, in a decision handed down to-day,
has- refused to grant a new trial in the
celebrated Minnie Healy mining case. Ha
also ordered stricken, from the court files
the sensational affidavits which alleged
that the court had been unduly Influenced
in deciding that the Minnie Healy prop,
erty belonged to l'\ August Heinze.
Court Repudiates the Charges.
A bond in the sum of $3000 has been tiled,
with the Napa City Trustees, which re
quires that work on the line commence
within four months. The promoters are
apparently in earnest and are going about
their. work quietly and systematically.
SUISUN, March 13.— H. F. and J. W.
Hartzell, representing a Los Angeles syn
dicate, have procured franchises in Napa.
Vallejo and Benlcia for electric railways,
and Solano County ha* granted franchises
which will connect the three towns. Napa
County will at the next meeting of its
Supervisors grant franchises for an exten
sion >of the line to St. Helena and Calla
toga and to the Lake County line. It la
authoritatively announced that the Laka
County Supervisors will be asked for a
franchise for the line into that county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Electric Line Through
Solano, Napa and
c ?. / Lake.
RAILS TO SPAN
THREE COUNTIES
LANDLADY OUSTS
A HANDSOME MAN
Son-in-Law of Horace
Grceley Gets Into
Trouble.
Edmund F. Green, the Pacific Coast
manager of the New : Amsterdam Cas
ualty Company, said last night that the
Northwestern Railway men who had in
sured in the .company would have
money which they paid as premiums re
turned to them. He claimed that th»
trouble has grown out of a mlsunder.
standing and not out of any attempt ox%
the part of the company to defraud the
men.
In explanation Green said that the New
Amsterdam Company had tried to intro
duce a system of insurance among the
Northwestern Railway men similar to
that among the Southern Pacific Rail
way employes. A representative of the
New Amsterdam Company was sent
among the men and succeeded in placing
about seventy policies. Almost as soon
as the men took out their, policies they
commenced to . complain of the condi
tions. The premiums were to be payable
quarterly, and were to be withheld from
the salaries of the men by the railway
paymaster. After the first quarterly pay
ment, had been collected and was in tHef
hands of Green, the company officials in
New York, angered by the complaints
that the men had made, and not under
standing that the premiums were to be
paid "quarterly, decided ¦to strike the en
tire list off the books; All the policies
were canceled, and this led to the men's
belief that they had been swindled.
According to stories once circulated
about him he used quince juice to make
his hair curl. He was in great demand
for many years as the best man at wed
dings on account of his handsome ap
pearance.
Colonel Smith married Ida, the younger
of Horace Qreeley's daughters,- she being
his first wife. He was a colonel of Union
volunteers and came from Kentucky.
Colonel Smith had been occupying
rooms at the home of Mrs. Hurd, on West
Ninety-third street, together with hi3 two
daughters, for about live months. During
the last few weeks the colonel has been
unable to pay his bill to Mrs. Hurd when
she demanded settlement, and offered his
notes instead of cash. Mrs. Hurd would
not take these and forced the colonel and
his daughters to leave.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Colonel Nicho
las Smith, son-in-law of Horace Greeley,
who, at one time rejoiced in the distinc
tion of being called the "handsomest man
in the world," has been forced to leave
his lodgings because he could not pay a
debt of $62. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The soldiers of the United States army,
who receive $13 a month, nre the best paid
Jn the world. Those of the British army,
who receive a shilling a day, are next.
Resolves Not to Return
to Work.
IGNORES THE EDICT
OF MASTER BUILDERS
Building Trades Council of Seattle
SEATTLE, March ' 15.— The Building
Trades Council of Seattle last flight by
a unanimous vote decided | to Ijrnore the
edfet issued by the Master Builders' Asso
ciation that if the members of the unions
on strike do not return to work on Monday
all : men rr>w at work will be <iifcharg<v1.
This virtually means that if the master
builders adhere to their expressed de
termination the building Industry of Se
attle will be paralyzed.
The Team Drivers' Union, after a ses
sion lasting four hours, has concluded to
accept the terms of the Draymen's Asso
ciation. The drivers will confer with
their employers regarding advances in
wages without the union being recognized.
BAN DIEGO, March 15.— Word was received
here to-day 'from Washington, I). C, that an
amendment whs to be made to the Indian ap
propriation bill to provide for the appointment
of a commission of five, with a majority of
members from Southern California, to again
vie:\v and select lands for the Warner's ranch
Indiana.
SAN RAFAEL, March 15,— About thirty
five employes of the California North
western Railroad Company, working In
the railroad shops in Tlburon, claim that
they have been swindled by the New Am
sterdam Casualty Company of New York
City. The men allege that, two months
ago, Jame« Harper went to Tlburon In
tho Interest of tho Casualty company,
and, acting as solicitor for E. F. Green,
the Pacific Coast manager, visited the
various workmen of the railroad shops,
whom ho Importuned to take out acci
dent pollelei. The yearly premium was
low, yet few men took out policies, claim
ing they could not afford to pay the en
tire premium At one time, Parker, so It
Is fUloged, after consulting his superior
in Ban Fmnclico, aim In visited Tlburon
nnd mnrt« u new proportion to the men,
whereby they could pay n premium of
(10 on n IIOOO polloy In monthly payments
of t'i GO, i in further Agreed to take, or*
•I'M'h upon the mllrpnii paymaiter, ao as
to put the policy Into effect At once,
Mfwiy pollelpw, rnnirlnsr from 11000 to
12000, wmi'm iiiitrui out. Tho order on tho
pnymnster wn» given by the policy hold
ers, payable to B, V, Green ni comt
manajrer. Tlioio payments hud been kept
up for two months when suddenly the
potley-holdaru received notice from the
home offlce In New York that their poli
cies hud been canceled for non-payment
of premiums. There was an Investigation
.and It was found that the paymaster had
honored tho orders. The men then
sought E. F. Oreen, at 403 Montgomery
street, San Francisco, but they assert
they are unable to get any satisfaction
and will bring a suit to recover.
•The policies are held by tho most effi
cient employes of the road. C. A. Burke,
F. B. Norton, George Nichols, M. B.
Conley and J. $. Pearson are the heav
iest losera by the alleged swindle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Insurance Agent Promises
That Premiums Will Be
Refunded.
Trouble Follows Can
celing of Accident
RAILWAY MEN
ALLEGE FRAUD
WILMINGTON, N. C. March 15.-Tug
men here were informed to-night that an
unknown s'hlp is ashore on Cape Lookout
Shoals and ¦ is in great danger. Two r tug^
boats left to-night to relieve >he • vessel.'
The weather is very Tough outside. (
Ship: on the Shoals.
New Railroad for Mining r» rt ™«f™.
OMAHA, March 15.-The Union Pacific
T^ e £ a , rln £ to mal « an entrance . tofthe
Idaho W 1 "" 1 ? *"'"«"* ' country, "n
"X. a . nd ls , "ending several : surveying
™»tii " ,n B w lect the beBt r °ute. ; Five
routes will be surveyed from ' points on
Welfer^h 110 '^ 1 : 1116 frOm - Red Rock *°
tlrs that th V U ls st ated at headquar
«h I etmvelto that country has
aSk n eC °r : larsa * and Preparation*
*hS , * 8 tor the movl n8T . of , ¦•: eeveral
mTr«L « e » fc . of Sena t°»" Simon ln the prl-"
711* r 8 wlll ' 1 lt ia believed, insure* his de
i-V«i re " electl °". Inasmuch as the fight
coun w W^t d agaln8t hlm ln the out8ld e
ThA«n! wlth - «°o«» chances of success.
Tnt-S,fP°u l » B factl on is partisan to Sena-
S«JS i tC ? elli aIth0U sh the latter took no
Ie£?e " ' " th ° flght t0 beat hls C ° J -
PORTLAND, Or., March 15.-Tho' antl-
Blmon forces carried th© Republican prl
marie* to-day, after en« of the moat ex
citing political battles over held In this
city, The lt*u« was clearly drawn In the
flffnt/aiftl it wui the re-election of Sena
tor Simon. The oppoiitlen to the return
2™!^ fv enlor Ben^ r from Ongon will
control the convention by thirty votes, the
preetoe number by which thedty pt*.
c nets were carried, the country dele«u
lions fpllttlng evon.
«SE ortltl( t. 8on ator Simon wa« the
?Kfi ttlac j 1lno which -lie hag built up,
the city and county office-holders and the
Police and Fire departments. To the last
Hit!!.,? 16 ? Went down thd llne wlth hJn > «n
defeat, in organization the Simon forces
vnt? ? e fu ectly handled, but the silent
vote of the residence portions of the city
ThTf ? ? Btr6ne ««ntiment against him.
A,. .foX 016 cast ln the cit y w «» 10.042,
of 342 " forces having a majority
Bptclsl Dlnpateh to Tht Call.
Triumph in Multnomah
County Primftrv
SENATOR SIMON'S
FOES VICTORIOUS
THE SAN FRAsreiSCO CALL, SUNDAY, 'MARCH 16, 1902.
20
. - -•"''-' " ¦ ' V.'.' ADVERTISEMENTS.. .'" ' '' ¦/ ; - / ..;.:;".i;-V; : V.V-r'; ; f v .] / • '" :" ' :/ ~ ¦ ¦ ' .
£ O : ; 9 We are now showing the GRANDEST and MOST COMPREHEN-l' ?' ' '¦ V '" ". V '." '"'""": '"¦ "¦''." Q Z
~ BEAUTIFUL . SIVE collection of Wash Goods ever displayed by any house in San Francisco. : SILK WAISTS— THE NEW EFFECTS. ?
WAQU U/AICTC Every leading make and style of both foreign and home, origin is embraced" in |, n oH a | ; nfforl nir at tRTa'ph " S
¦T* WMOn "MIOIO. this magnificent assortment. Never were greater preparations,, made . . for an v|iB^fll.UUering ai^3 Lflbll.
~z E^ery new rnense that is acceptable opening sale than we have put forth for this annual event. Thousands upon he most beautiful line -of silk —
S= of f thf 'd.inti«{' e . f nd B «r«rt Bat*"? thousands of yards of bright and dainty Wash Materials -will be ready for you |K;W, "^Sl'^K fife
Gingham and Whlio Kheer Lawn, hand- tO-mOrrOW. Those mostly favored are fabrics SUCh as LINEN and SILK styles, in all the pretty evening and _^
S= have^veTX^. T &^S?th£:. " BATISTE. OXFORD CHEVIOT. SWISSES, GRENADINES. ZEPHYR EStitr&'iiJS £ . .-" t j& u< 3 S
fc o O GINGHAMS, nTMTTTF.S DWr.ANpTFf; intl^m^^rmin.^l^ci ' rcaoiceat- »
ml' and color combinations. To get the choicest styles, early choosing is advisable, because the favored ones are always first to. go. .
§= C » 25c Yard— EMBROIDERED SWISSES. $J?£* At 25c Yard— OXFORD CHEVIOTS Wa?^] At 5Oc Yard— SILK AND GRASS -LINEN BATISTE;? i
g— rabrit-.that will be x-ery popular for dresses: ln exquisite Skirt*, in dainty stripes of Black and White; guaranteed A most 'charming ' variety - of • these handsome fabrles.ln —
5^- designs an3 colors of Light Ulue. PinK, Yellow, Grern to wear wtll. Extra special value at Yard 23c exquisite open-work and hemstitched effects. On sale at
•»— and Mack and White. Grand value at Yard 25c « ,.#.¦........,,..'.'..... ,,.,....., .Yard 30o —
£ At 15c Yard— IRISH DIMITIES. SBiifiiSSSS At 25c Yard— MERCERIZED GINGHAMS, I 8 h t e g At 25c Yard— MERCERIZED FOULARDS. 8ul 'Wr Z
X*- trrn*: «uch as Dots, ficrolls and Strlpps; In fast colors ported: a !;rand aesortment to select from. In »ll the DresBea' and' Waists; patterns copied- from the Imported ZZ
of riPk, jjyht Ulii.-, Lavender. Red. Green ami Dlark very chntctet colorines; in stripes and checks. Elegant 7f>n kind; in the hunilsonie.it designs and colorings. Ex- ' _.
*7~" dtiti White. Speclul at Yard I5o value at Yard U3o tra special at . ; Yard 25a
|f P 25OO. YARDS NEW SATIN STRIPED CHALLIES TO-MORROW 35OO YARDS CHOICE MADRAS GINGHAMS TO-MORROW T^
•— - A rr*ut variety of the hnndiiomi»*t f'hal!le» on sal* to-morrow. Ju*t th« f* ** This u one of the lt«nm that will help to crowd our Waah Oood» '* r\t -*
„. kind ymi will want for Tea Onwiis and Wrappers: In the pr#ttl*»t de«l«ns \3 CL f\ counters to-morrow. Theift Gingham* have Ju«t arrived and eomo In a 4'^Jl/* ""
•— und solid <-olors of Cream, l.tehi Hlue. Pink, Cadet, Royal, Drown and tjeJVj m0(t heautlful assortment , of itrlpe* and check* j In nil tho fashionable I /iol / XI
y Cardinal. ICxeejjtiunnl value at Yard w colorings, Absolutely fast color. Special at..... Yard **""fi w . -*
& O 1 I -O s
nwrn nniiin'p VflllD PflWCinCWPn To gain and to hold it ie the goal of our ambition. This can'only be accomplished by CArAliUlllO - . S
•^ OYER tOLLAnS, lUUn bUnriULnUU deserving it. Merit, nc, your patronage, we may rightfully expect to obtain it and QMR BUSINESS."
»*- c in( , ft9 cw *"""> "to'"'"'"* '"» >"""> Kh»nlntm /ffith in nn* nhllitj in f'nln It. Q UP VigOrOUS growth "Z
•T" beautiful nwnH-tntMH it unimptachablt evidence that the shopoing-filk of tins city and vicinity appreciate tht tinctrity of our news- Our • n . llr « " 00^ ~
y " f »»«» dainty «tid poptr promises and the manner in which they are fuH.lfed. Our present ttock ia almost unbounded in lit tcopt. Tht re&tiy and wh*n m" rS
& mn«/ /sii'iuiiTiT wt.it. new ttylet -the choicest novelties— the latest fads— from tht leading manufacturers are here in a great variety^ temtion* «.i« com-
•>- «u.«i i<>i,,iri rttctts. on and never were we to thoroughly prrptrtd to meet your every want; never more honestly, earnestly, conscientiously Vor U ourn«w if*«dy« SI
jcr •¦'* *'¦ CBCh< intent upon terving you faithfully and well. to.wenr atrraini —
•— |Rr 0*i(» ?R»»tn7R» I ¦-.,.. iftlesrdom*. to b» th* ..
j--;- 135, /OC, OStflOOrf -"- 41 nnmi on tha Count, —
S: FAMOUS BUACK SILK SALE MONDAY 8l TUESDAY. O mif | Q| f\(\ Qa| 0 nf NoUf llmoo finnHo S
— 51 r 0 PHAU DP UOICfor 7OO Yd 51 00 TAI F, TA for O7o Yd. U M I 0 1 1 U U 0(10 U iBW UlBSS UuDlloi S
"Z-- AbbIh for To Mumtow and TtMCHIJAY wn will |irp»piit one nf ihn urPMte.t nffpilnirn „..,;! wmiw mw • w^ii s»i www vwwuwi
— - nf |(t«rk Kllkn itmi w« tiav« «vrr knuwn. A iirnniinriu «nd rpllnl.le nmnufnrturpr t.f ,W« «'lll InmifuriU* to-morrow a »r»«l HwIb nf Colnmd Dr«M Ooodd— «nil>rauln» .thla -*
CS lilm-H urr»» Hllk». irn>»nl«lti« our uhlllty tn Imndl* l«rn« «|tmntttlen, Iinh nol.i {« im at Mprln« M»H»on'ii m<mt-w«nj«|1 weavp*. In the scurojit ooloiltiKS. lflvury |il«o<* ImM llmt «oft —
y^. m i •• <.i . u . tiii". lit* .Lin.- *ttri'lu« »t... u ot nin.-k i' ,\m !4..i.. .¦ 1.1 1'i.nrt,. mn. -«iiu« ..r '""I airy ••rf<M't. just tho fubrlca that will t>« In <1imiiiiiu1 su muuti this seaiun. —
~ZZ ><>"¦ >> "<¦¦'" 'i . x.-iim... thai will «lv» k'.u.i natlHfAitlnn and whlrli wo will i.ift-r, li.-uln- rt)rDr ntt D . DI . c& I f\f\ Vrl D «Miur nn ,,., r , , 1 '*.'¦*
Zl nii.K tn.nii'nnw. nl fully nNC-rmiU) L1CKH tlmn thd fninur Mlllnir prlorp. S ..vJ.»« .3»liUW-TQi PANNH PRUNELtA, S5
SS= OROn YARIl^ PYTRA HFAVY RIAM flRF^ TAFFFTA ''ii« rr««i«r 91. m qtmi. O»EPG DZ CHINBS. ar«at Valu«-lr) All FRENCH POPLIN, . sj
ZZ *OvW TAnua rAiriA hcavt dlaur untij lArrciA, iiy> n g,, k fu^, ol ,^ t , r all-wool datistc, tho riawtit coionoo* Cropo-Plnlahod melrobe
•*T n>"> crtW&NI. with dulnty ond neat Polka dots and amall d«»lgn»/ nn lilc«l mm. I ¦ " r " "v"™"Tr™
ir nil* for . .-n.i-i' '•¦ ."H" ur fnr ernHiatP ektrt* or «u!fi». never lntfndi>d to \J / r\ nnn Uinnp CO Illnll ni klW Olir\/inT nil rnrnm nil r •?
; T)^«iir,i umirrn.t^. on ..!. h» r< i-morruw .m» un»,r.^«wdi^iow o I C BOO YARDS 52-INCH BLACK CHEYIOT ON SPECIAL SALE, =:
B «I.OO PEAU 'DE Ml t'« Of 79C Yd.' ' ' ' f V. BO PEAU d'eBo'iE for 08o Yd. $fll[$£&8££ ifd?^? QQn*
ff— K.«(i yanU rnod-wcarinit niacU IVau de The «r*al*>i»t Bilk Darenln offered during Cheviots In th» market end l« exten»lvaly uietl for iepitrate *k!rt» and full O O %~t "^*
•— Knip, warianird tiure rllk of a fa»t Hlack th? entire yrnr. imw yards txtm hmvy drruPCH. A very exceptional quality, extra heavy, fully 02 Inchw wide— al* w . ZS
m». dy«, en rxrr|.tlnti«lly fine |tr«dp, thnt you DlarkyDreci Peau do Hnlo, pvery yard fully ready «pnngpd uml shrunk. Ha» Hold right alon« nt |i,3D a yard and la Yortl ¦*«
5S cunnut duHlcnte under fl.00. ..7Oc yd guaranteed. A great IutkuIii at...USc yd well worth It. On sale Monday, also Tuesday, If It laitl, at 8So yard £j
is EFFECTIVE STYLES IW SP INC SUITS, SKIRTS, WAISTS AND RAGLANS. 3
S^ Our nrst prnnd pale of the beautiful new Spring: Garments will occur here to-morrow. We take much pride ln presenting them, for seldom have garments 13
cxprcFE-ed so much style, »o much grace and so much material worth. Come to Inspect if not to buy. You are Just as welcome.
j^~ /ftAA CO Ne«fGib*on Suit, made of all wool Cheviot and Sfah. 6\%A(Ftk TTC J^^* xv00^ Venetian Suits, the greatest value
•p \L Mm Til Venetian, in colors of tan, gray, blue, brown and NwhIh fT offered this season in double-breasted Eton style; 2
«^- »J^/_/ J WV black. Single and double breasted, in the latest "^rVV dIwB1B J ¦ Jacket satin lined and lapels faced with good taf-
•- E ach fhape and dip front. Jacket silk-lined, stitched >d 1p"W Each feta. Skirt thoroughly lined; has graduated
p: and trimmed with satin and silk bands. Skirt /^^wv" flounce, nicely stitched; perfect in every detail. In —
j^: has the new flaring flounce. * Extra good value at '. .$22.50 / I *#W\ colors of blue, Oxford gray and black. A great leader at -5
(<V*lll '" ' •"' 91O.75 each
l£ ftn New Spring Suits-the latest Eton and Blouse ef- \WW |j| d ft yCH Very nobby Tailor-rnade Suits, made of the finest 3
fects. made , of all-wool Cheviot, in brown, blue ' W^ % \ I H , 3 11 Ve n e tian, in brown CT ay green, blue, tan and =5
5= unilpS'^W and black; silk-lined jacket, prettily moire trim- / iB 8 O black. Sizes -.V to 46. The newest Eton jacket^
VI W Ea ch- med: entire suit elecantly tailored. A very grace- / Each style s.lk lined revere trimmed and velvet collar. =5
Zl ful looking 'suit. On sale at S?15.O0 / t .. . Skirt high graduated flounce, with stitching and =3
•— M tucking. A grand-looking suit at $18. 5O each """
FOR MOMnAY GoIf Skirts, made of all-wool Ox- //%>* i $5.00 DRESS SKIRTS The biggest of skirt bargains. La-*] Z2
B iwywiiAi . f d grsv and b]ack materialt with ful] // *^A . Mf jNDAY $2.98 EACH. timnii^SfU 688 ts ' r floun - e 3
:Z flounce, nicely stitched Regular value $4.00. Mon- C i a- <SV I \ 7' • < ** wo -" lul ' i trimmed with three rows of satin 3
dav each $1.93 > / ) bands, in colors of tan, brown, gray, blue and black: worth Z2
i^z ° '• •' , S ' $5 °° Qn sale at; ' ••••-••• ••• $2.9S e ach_
° OUR BIC WHITE GOODS SALE. °~. TW/A SFlVlSATIOW A I "° 1
J^: Encouraged by the tremendous sales of last week, we have decided to continue the B TT Vr «JLI^1*3 A* I DV/IHr%B_ *^
m- Fale. feeling conndent that the low prices we quote will keep the department crowded ¦ - . • •»'•¦—
m-. the entire week. Here we mention a few of the many on sale. g B ft I D R l ,<"» *-» frfct" d~\ B 1 fl C> "sT^V \ a srk sr^ /rv n m > ~2
""" F*iPI KM ' flHR P.inTr! A splendid quai- 200 pieces lace striped and open work A Bf^Ji^liii lAI I fll \m i 1 W Wi 1 W/ =2
•— LrtLLian LUn'J ULUin, , ty> - M inches Lawns | a Freat variety: good value at 25c B_BIxIbI\O Ol LLl/lLO I \>" T I U W B\f 9 W
•»— wide; regular value $2.00. On sale at and 3Oc yard. On sale at ll)e yard r -.-. ".- T"^^ ' iV ¦ * ¦ • r » » -^
H coSSS^^iS^^ 32-INCH ORGANDIE. # renc To W nX an r 2 i^^^nd^^^^.SlT^.^f Xt~i*^ Be 3
S«i .? " eeula " iES SSa l SSSSS^^%SS oi ™ No. I-BEST QUALITY 60c SILK MOREEN FOR 32c YARD, 3
.taea..... - IHRIA I iKflN r>0 P'eces that regularly 150 pieces finest grade silk Moreen, extra heavy (were closed out at half erlce 1 * in'"""*
rr NAIM^Ofllf The regular 20c quality. On «RWA "-IflUH. Eel , * at 20c . O nsale at shades of Cadet. New Blue.- Light Blue. Hose. Cardinal. WnC^rquol" Xgenta and '^p
•»- llftl^<JUU^^ Ea , e> special. a t..... 12c yard lie yard Black: were COc. Here to-morrow...... , 3'c fard "^
Zl SHEETS AND pillow CASES for MONDAY. OFFER No. II— 20c AND 25c SKIRT LINING ;0N SPEChL SALE AT'iic YARD
y „ 9f) « Sh * cts > ma<3e of a hisrh-prade and durable sheeting, size SlxOO: regular price 300 pieces Moire Velour and Taffeta Skirt Lining." 82 to 36 inches wide In .hades of =3
j^ 1 COUNTRY ORDERS ounctx'rc 'pp^'mpt "^TTFNTirTrV ' He yard -^j
ANOTHER M&gs^jP &^** 4*7* MORE MONDAY SPECIALS —
S^ QfJfy Pcktterri^lt Qpslo . ff~*^ tffifjB * In Valenciennes. Point de Paris =S
ZZ. OlIK r GLLlCOdt OC2!t3. © 2?-^-* M^VJf^ tt^2P l tt&&Kk and Normandy Laces. =3S
— so ,rea« ha, ,~n the de». n <I for tho.. Pet- M M M^ /^^W W & FM y Si^k IW/3\ h^V^SSrW. pUU 3
ticoat.s that we have arranged for another lot. t&j & f& /ffl/M fflffl &£& E&B3 B3/Mf*y/BrijtiSrj£ 1SV \ ?,';?, , entlrel >' new anr1 the savings extraordinary =5.
— and we are quite convinced that these are the W f$ / (tt Iffl WL/&jM$4Sr 1&&'eaF' *&£? V$**& ** J ' > ,' ou not proftt ll >' these special induce- rS
2^ nru^'hlBheft 1 grade Ta^eta.^'n the latest styles _^f 30 ° d 0«" New^Vaienciennes Laces at. 23c doz. .^
and crJorinps. including black most of them 1 _— -<&$^ dozen at. .. .ar,^ a dozen; regular value 4',c 13
with .ir<|i e!:i(iuKtr'i flounce and double ruche +4JP m ''L.* ~l^TTSfKi^HL 'Uu c J jjj_^lJt-'^ i -ti.' J^Tg^^ 4 " (1 Jozf>n at 5O« a dozen; regular value fiKc -^
— - trimming. Immense value; well worth $11.50 -^^, *^*>y-JpFjy^y.g|Sur;f * _ V " i r >rZ3-, t<ft*~wlJP^ 15W yards Point de Parln and Normandy Va ~"^
ZZ. To-morrow $7.4 » each JojGSSS^ijSi"'^^^"'^ iejiciennes Lace?; regular 20c and 2T>c. Mon-
POrtT AD PRINCE. Haytl. March 15— The
fiacxliii) Tace arrived here to-day from Ha-
B. KATSCHTNSKi j
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. |
WHITE KID SANDALS fi
THE PRICE $1.00 I
« , X l\i l lkji tD SANDAI-B h»ve a B
<1l«nl««..l rich (ipprarunf.e that com- K
ni«-nrtn them to nil. They can bo kl
worn ot pmriin or butt* private rn- H
tfrtainmrnt« or recrptlonn. Rrndu- M
hUuk fxrrciscs or at contlrmation. H
in fnrmrr ynim they were very ex- R
pensive, but now we can place them n
within the reach ot all. Thin week 1
Ladle* \VhH<» Kid onc-xtrap Ban- V
: rtal» with bow, plain coin toe*. U
turnrd «oIps and Frrneh hcols. all M
. <JMA 81.00 ra
FRirBCfl HEEL OXFORDS I
Sprlnjf Is nigh. A cpecial to match H
th« now Easter dressed. Ladies* B
Vicl Kid Oxford Ties, with black K
cloth tops, new coin toes and tips; S
turned *o!ed and Kronen stitched i
heels; all siz^s and widths. THE w
PUICE ONLY S1.05 I
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. ||
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
1O THIRD STREET. \
£an Francisco. '¦
TREATMENT ABSOLUTELY FREE UNTIL CURED.
To all beginning' treatment with Pr«. Shores A Share*, San Francli<?a'« leading «p«^t.i!Uta, THIS wkkk to prov« to tha publtq that
th«r«rls a PBttMANKNT- UUIIHJ fer CIHlONIO ptflifAflRS (that are curable), ths doctor* flv« »h»lr profenniotiaJ »efvlea« r«KK •»«<! thalr
tr«atm«nt fitin; v> all wli» afipl/ UKVUtlE) MAht'l! 334. Th« only exptnsa to tha patient will b« for th* m«itltlne» ACTUALLY U8KU.
Many Will Be Cured for 50 Cents,
If ym httvn eatarrh, If you art deaf, If you guffsr frtim.a«thma er lung trouble. If ytiii have itomaeh, liver or kUiniy dls^aita, er any
other ehronlo ailment, thin If your uppej'Uinlty tri ebtaln ikilletl ttieflldftl tr**ttm«nt urfti-ilcaliy fr«-.
WHY BXl'UHIMWNTj WHY Mi'liNIl MONEY ON "rAKB PATENT MKUtOtNRM." WHICH OVtKS I'nNTAl.V COCAINE. OPItfM
Oft BOMW OTHKit UANCJMItOttH NAHCO1IC. wh#n you «n «#t expert mp'1lr«nl tr»-i»im^tit tirm<ttf«llv frte? TIKM ClrtANn Sl'WtAf. OP 1 .
YHH Hom INTO KVVRCV. AT ONOB, AND HOLDS GOOD TO ALL WHO Al'f'LY THIS WEEK. DO N«T UKI.AY. BTA11T IS
AT ONG13. CONSULTATION f«BM TO ALL.
f- '"• ¦ DPDMAWCWT r"ITf>l3c ' ...-,.
i^^^ftW $£ > '"'"V*WffllwJ ' Mn Ttnbortu »ay»: i AM A CAflPENTKH /*J**<A^/-J%} V.
/*%!&*$&&&*,$.¦ .S'WWr^^. 1JY OCCUPATION and live at HH» Pl«rc« M.. ft? A
•^^^^^SS^^^~^^^\ th's city. \ HAD BKEN A VEBY BICK MAN fcf, '
*5fefeir5£?t?JlC^^w^ lyx%. Bhorp* for treatment. MY LUNGS WEIlE Ulri /f*"~*
j AKFKCTniJ; I h«rl had several hemorrhage*. cf'' J^^'i y?jS\'
My BTOMACII was bad; 1 had CATAIlltll. AM '*^T "<*}¦''
., C 1^ l]pM)f$ryr 343 Pierce it. Ban Francisco, ell.' aj« vlm ~Pl?,£2P SS*!? 11 * 3 ;
, . , . *¦"**• a-iy Pierce Street, ban Francisco. Cal.
MRS. J. JOHNSON, , 1A/E TREAT /\T>ilD CUH E "
430 Golden Gate avenue, Ban Francisco, Cal. Catarrh and Stomach Troubles.' Nervous Disease* kiat^v ntTTlmZ, ri^ -i.
-. . - Disease. Diseases of the Stomach and Bowtl? Su. W ST y . Troubles. Heart
rHDfWI \C C A T A DO M Complalnta, Diseases of Women and Children Riiif?;. sl^, C «Li DI K"" 9t! Kem a'«
CHRONIC CA I ARRM
Mrs. Johnson say«: "I HAVE BEKN A Private Diseases. Scrofula and all forms of N^-mi. «* Manhood, etc.: Blood Diseases,
SUFFERER FROM. CHRONIC CATARRH for Home I reatment Cures. Write te^Z^LnZtC™*"*' "* CUrab ' e) '
years. Nearly always HAD A COLD; my nose — _ - , . rue tor Symptom List. Consult.. t; M P~ r
would J STOP UP. and for weeks at a time I WfcAK iVlElN. PAV WHF1NI riIDc:f\
could ' SCARCELY BREATHE through It. I If you suffer from any of the weaknesses or -n- " lll-11 .
»5^i^^SSiS& ¦HSwasSri s?s- v££sa8r- ° ot
two months ago. 'I can say DRS. SHORES* testimonials from home people, giving names *w. . • V. DIS^-ASES are Included In
TREATMENT; AND: MEDICINES HELPED Pictures and addrtsses. * * ' Vl 1 !.!?? 0 ™^!- 8Uch aa LOST MANHOOD.
ME FROM THE START. iN O MORE HEAD- WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURES 00^^™
fK R K S fBS B W^ P v UI ; ¦ IN PRIVATE DISEASES «? V> and - A^ WEAKNESSKs'of'ISS. P '
PFFLBETTERANDSxoln^vpvPPv 1 Because it would betray conndence. Hence we nili L° Ur ,1 "5 11 "*, ? aa Te^^^ the Incurable
I' LLL BETit« A^li faTRONUER IN EVERY have to Drove our skill ln this rl»« r,r .„ v. stape we will- frankly tell you so )
AY> ' a t n r d M t fmpn? 1^ U .? to^P^^^g Drs. fn ano?h?r%'ay ThU I? ? & O1 troubles V^NSULTATIQ^ * AXD EXAMINATION
Shores to all sufferers from catarrh. Offlce Hours— Week dava fl n mi a FREE by letter or In person. Call or write.
"wbS t treatment has certainly done, WON- ¦«««• ««>«T«e« 0 a.m. to 4 p. m . Evenings, ;0 to S. Sundays 10 a m to K m.
(S!gWd7 -: MRS. J. JOHNSON. HIK SHORF^ Expert W »«7 B *»» Ba5 " la *'
*^0 Golden Gate eve.. San FranclscoCal " Vl\J» JilUilLJ U JilUnLX o - .. 833 M»rket £t.. S»a rrsasim
' ' ' , Specialists, Botweea Wx ana OtX
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . .
•• San Francisco. Sunday. 16 March, 1002.
For the Bedroom
o — — o
A cane seat chair and rocker to match your bedroom let,
whether it be golden oak, mahogany or bjrdscye maple. Just
about as smart, a design ;n can be found nowadays nnd sure to
add beauty and comfort to any well appointed sleeping apart-
ment. Built by artisans who are, proud of their reputation
for artistic character and workmanlike construction, and fin-
ished to the Queen's taste.
Price of chair in oak, golden finish, birch, imitation mahog-
any finish, or birdseye maple, $^.25. Price of rocker to match
any of the mentioned finishes, $4.50.
Only one price can buy these chairs, and that price a
"fair one."
o : 1 n
I The mail order business is one of our great hobbies. )
I Send for big illustrated catalog— free. I
O ¦ ; ; ' _o
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
I 957 to 977 MarKet Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue."All goods. marked. In plain figures. -Spe
cial~10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays.,. •' Lei bold i Harness - Co.", 211
Larkin streett ~" , . . - •
Big -: Sale of .Harness.
The. Mission'. Federation of = Improve
ment .'Clubs, at Its meeting, last night in»
structed the, executive ] committee to' wait
upon > Mayor Schmitz ; and "ascertain from
him j when he intends : to \ reduce ' the <;;¦ ex-'
penses j of the;, city ._• government • by . ellm-,
iriating. unnecessary, employes. . . ' ,
For Municipal Retrenchment.
tlon ' of evading the duty constituted' the
offense ;. of ¦ * smuggling. :; On .this :",' theory
alone jean ; the.'. ruling; be explained. -But
In either: event .there would "be no benefit
to the prisoner, t-
ST. ' PATRICK'S i DAY, SOCIAL .
• A SPLENDID , SUCCESS
Entertainment ; Given . in . Connection
With St! Joseph's'. Church De- V
lights Xargo; Audience.
j A most enjoyable r St." Patrick's ; day . en
tertainment'and social was held last even
ing ' at ? Eintracht ' Hall, Twelfth ¦ street, in
connection, with St.; Josepn's' Church. jr.The
attendance was large andidelighted in the
spirited * progTarhme : which the committee
had so admirably,- planned.' Those . t who
took part In f the concert were: J. >: Kelly,
Francis ''J.' O'Sulllvan, Eugene <" Sullivan,
Thomas ': -W.V" Hickey, ]' S. r Bovo, , D.' > S.
Sh'eerln.'i .Professor „ Graeber,' E.' ; V. Mc-
Glnty, Thomas Mahoney, those two clever
dancers, Connor and Kelleher ; Zlla Clare
Fahey, Pearl Clough and Jessie Brown,
Grace Breslin, pupils- of - John McCann.
who rendered a quintet; Pearl
Hickman and Bessie . Allen . in i a" double
Irish' hornpipe, and Mrs.,D. M. Burns.
• The committees In charge of. the enter
tainment were:
Arrangementa — T. E. Treacey. chairman; P.
F. : Green. - vice president; D. Fitzgerald, sec
retary; Rev. -P. J. Keane. treasurer: P. M.
O'Connor, , D. Delury, v T. I. Otis. J. Tamony,
TrMcKeon, J. Sullivan and James Murphy. ¦¦
Reception — T^ J. Dowlinir, chairman: . O.
Bayreuther,. J. J. Mlley, D. Walsh, H." Thur
ber, W. Horton and F. T. ,0'Neil. - I
"Press — F. Schilling, chairman.
Floor— rM. J. McBrearty. E. F. Lucltt, P. J.
Kelly, P. F. Green. J. "Welsh. J. E. Corryn
and T. Sheehan. ¦ . •
Programme — Mesdames T. And In. \ J. Teg-'
gart. J. Denny, Black. . G. Bayreuther, Misses
Z." Herndon. IS*. McDermott and K. McPhilllps.
- Refreshment— Mrs. P., M. O'Connor. 2dsu. J.
J. Mlley. Mm. J.- Denny. Mrs. T. An*Hn
Misses A. Griffin, M. -Mclaughlin, J. Sulii
van.. N. .lf.cDermott.*A. Doran. F. Denny. A.
McPhHHps, K. McPhimps.- G. Plynn. MA
Reeves, J. Griffin, W. Sharp, N. Anrlin. Z
Herndon, A. Caplace, L. O'Hara and J. Collins
Old Pioneer Expires.
John Lockhead, an ' aged mechanical
: engineer; ' who- was Injured by an electric
car at Fourth and Minna streets on Feb
ruary. 8, died of his injuries last evenlng-
Lochhead was 81 years of age, and came
to the Pacific Coast 60 years ago. .. He
.engaged In boat building, uidput the en
gines on' the first steamer built "on the
coast.' This vessel was constructed for
Goodall, Perkins' & Co. Lochhead was
also an Inventor, and . several Inventions
still in use bear his name. The deceased
lived at 533 Minna street. '
namely twenty-eight silk caps. -The sec
ond count, which is stricken- out by Judge
de Haven's ruling. A charged Alexander
with having assisted in Importing smug
gled goods. Alexander was ordered to ap
pear for sentence on St. Patrick's day in
the morning.
The prisoner purchased . the. caps/ on
board the Doric from a Chinese^ member
of the crew, and took them ashore. < There
Is a difference of opinion among lawyers
as to' whether the act of smuggling,con
sists In bringing • the , goods into i the ter
ritorial limits of the United States, or
whether, the goods must be. taken- from
the .vessel and jlanded before .the offense
Is complete. . Judge de ." Haven's : ruling
would imply that the brlngringr '; ot the
goods into the territorial limits of : the
United States with the necessary lnten-
ALEXANDER MUST. FACE . .
• ' THE JUDGMENT SEAT
Jce Walcott Defeats Stift.
CHICAGO. March 15.— Joe Walcott de
feated Billy Stift of Chicago at the Chi
cago Athletic Club to-night in a contest
of six rounds. Stift took an awful beat
ing. Although he had no chance to win.
he fought gamely to the end.. At the
close of the sixth round Stift was in bad
fchape and could not have grone more than
two rounds further.
DENVER. ¦ March 15. — The House of ¦ Repre
icntativee to-<3a.y adopted a resolution order
ing for dissemination In the East JOOO copies
•Pt' the old Soldicru' Brran League Resolu
tions rr;eniorla.llzins Congress to defeat the
proposition to make silver redeemable In gold
tad increase the power of the national banks.
j Example Made - of One of . the Petty
j Smugglers Who Have Annoyed
j « Officials.
! The ides of March is' a bad season of
; the year for petty, smugglers, for United
States District Judge de Haven yesterday
• denied the motion for a' new trial in the
I case - of Joseph Alexander, convicted of
smuggling, and In the same case ' denied
the motion' as to .arrest of judgment- as
to the first count and granted It as t^the
second count of. the indictment. The first
'count charged' Alexander -with having
knowingly and unlawfully received, con-'
cealed and facilitated the transportation
and concealment of ° smuggled ... goods,
Iver Lawson to Hace In Paris.
SALT ¦ LAKE, March 15.— Iver . Lawson,
the young professional bicyclist, received
a cablegram to-day from Manager Leroy
cf the Velodrome. Paris, offering him
J2C30 to ride in six races at the Velodrome
this spring. Lawson wired his acceptance
to-night. Iver is a brother of 'John' Law
son, ."the Terrible Swede." who died, in
Milwaukee yesterday. BSBESflSBrcfli
O'Brien to Fight Tommy B,yan.
A N*EW YORK, March 15.— Jack O'Brien
r*.'. Philadelphia, champion middleweight
' and heavyweight pugilist ' of England,
to-day signed articles of agreement to
Elect Tommy Ryan of Kansas City for the
middleweight championship of the world.
The men wi!l fight before the Southern
Athletic Club of Louisville' on- May 3.
"Weights win be 15S pounds at the ring
side.
LONDON. March 15.— A meeting of the
general committee of the Amateur Ath
letic Association, held to-night, decided
• that this year's general championship
meeting of the association shall be held
fn London, June 5. The committee unani
mously passed A. F. Duffy's world's rec
ords of 9 4-5 seconds for the 100-yard run
and 114-5 seconds for 120 yards, estab
lished at Leicester In July. ;._" 7
Sprinting Records Accepted.
FBESIDIO GOLFEBS
TJP AGAINST "BOGEY"
G. B. Cooksey Proves the winner in a
Handicap Tournament on the
San Francisco Links.
The second half of the home-and-home
tournament, over thirty-six holes, be
tween teams representing class. B of the
fan Francisco and Oakland golf clubs
was not played yesterday afternoon on
the Presidio links owing to the misunder
standing which arose betweens Captains
Leonard Chenery and J. O. Cadman. In
stead of completing the match the regular
scheduled event, a . tournament over
eighteen holes, match play, against
"bogey," took place. Twenty players en
tered, G. B. Cooksey winning the first
prize. a mounted claret jug. and
Dr. J. R. Clark carrying off the
eecond trophy — a glass tankard with a
cover. Each contestant received a handi
cap in strokes upon certain holes. The
winner, receiving one stroke upon each
cf five holes, finished one down. The full
details are shown in the table: .¦ , ; i '-i.cz
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, handicap 6;
Dr. C. J. Decker, handicap 6; J. W.
BjroeJ handicap 2, and B. Faymonville,
handicap 16, made no returns. !
To-morrow, begrinning . at 9:S0 . In the
morning, there will be ladies' foursomes,
over eighteen hoies, on the Presidio links.
Another of the alleged white confed
erates of the negro woman, Mattie Ben
nett, was placed in Jail here to-day. His
r.Lr.ie is Joe Hood, and he admits that
he saw Pearson at 10 o'clock on the night
of his disappearance. He also admits that
he knew Mattie Bennett, but he denies
any complicity In either the robberies or
the murders.
The body was buried by the local Paint
ers' Union this afternoon in the midst of
a violent thunder storm that amounted to
almost a cloudburst.
Coroner Brown, however, declares that
KUiclde Is an impossible -theory In view
of the nature of the wounds. One extends
across the right temple from the front of
the skull to the back of the head, the top
cf the ear being lacerated. This wound,
the surgeons say, was necessarily inflict
ed by a broad, heavy instrument. Another
blow had crushed -the victim's Jaw bone,
there was a very unusual bloating and
discoloration about the eyes which is
thought to indicate violence, and there is
what appears to be an immense bruise at
the base of the man's throat.
Fellow boarders declare that on the
night when he was last seen he wa6 called
frura the bathroom and that he was never
«een after he went out of the door to
answer the call. Some friends of the
dead man profess to believe that he com
mitted suicide.
The body was that of W. R- Mac-
Namara, a young painter. It was found
near the spot where three of the other j
five victims have been found. Life had j
been crushed out in exactly the same'
manner by blows on the head and face 1
from heavy blunt weapons, and aside
from a union card, a memorandum book
and one or two trinkets not a thing had
been left in the pockets. The man had
been ml&slng since February 26, Just four
day* after the finding of Benjamin Pear
eon's naked body had led the authorities
to suspect murder in the cases of three
previous floaters.
BEAUMONT, Texas. March 16.— Another
of its dead was given up by the Naches
River to-day, and the body Is called that
cf "victim No. 6" of tne MatUe Bennett
gang of robbers and alleged murderers.
Citizens are threatening to dynamite the
river for the purpose of learning all Us
death secrets and proving or disproving
the prevalent theory that others of the
gang's supposed victims lie buried there.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
An Additional Arrest Is Made by the
Authorities in Connection. With
the Mysterious Crimes
at Beaumont.
Remains of a Missing Young
Painter Recovered From
the Neches.
One More Death Is Laid
at Door of the Mattie' }
Bennett Gang.
RIVER GIVES
UP BODY OF
SIXTH VICTIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,: CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, ; 1902.
21
CO GOLF CLIJB— HANDICAP
GAINST BOGEY.
I Handl-I Hole*
ERS. 1 cap. I Down.
I S 1
: I 10 3
• 4 C .
8 ,8 *
sea... i 8 I -is 1 .,;
er...
je ...
ener;
n. . ..
tcCor
~oni>
att..
Vtf..
Hoyt
14 9
6 a
•y 15 9 •
14 0
nkey 4 . 10
>n . 10 12
; 12 13
16 .13
14 13
2 ¦ • 13
t I 6 | 14
CO GOLF CLIJB— HANDICAP
GAINST BOGEY.
I Handl-I Hole*
ERS. 1 cap. I Down.
I S 1
: I 10 3
• 4 C .
8 ,8 *
sea... i 8 I -is 1 .,;
er...
je ...
ener;
n. . ..
tcCor
~oni>
att..
Vtf..
Hoyt
14 9
6 a
•y 15 9 •
14 0
nkey 4 . 10
>n . 10 12
; 12 13
16 .13
14 13
2 ¦ • 13
t I 6 | 14
THE EMPORIUM. | - THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE / j - THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
I 5OcVeilinq29c The Htgh p^ 'r^^^^-^^^y. $i.spouru,in a^09. 1^™™;; 1
" *4ti£$ilp&32? Ernnori in' i «"«y item bought in thi» «tore h absolutely 'flfsf 4^ y^/^y' /fli>/ll ~''^&* ' 0 : 0 M ~ &&^f A lot • of weD-lookiag, tenriceable Madras Cur- . „ , , ,-.jJ
** rflMw&M f '»">"»' ili "S f uar<int « d - Q"ick and polite icrvicc is » 3 urd. tL^J £/j 3~ W i VJ^ JlTjTJ^JJJtBT taini, 3 yardi long, 40 inches wide, 6 color i ta l r 'ouT^bV'SJol"^ fFv^L «
K Wfs^Jffi^ offering!, com- Prompt free delivery to all p»rti of city and near- %§i£gjr $ Jf fe^b^/ jg J'fflyC/ b^ ua> effectJ, heavy grenadine, in different colored of the fjmoua EmpreiJ Kid C ® H ***
i v fcT$s£%^'**$fflj mendng' Monday, by luburban poinu. Note the ipecul low price» "CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- JS ¦rTTW^^ 1 " ' "^ *~~ stripes, luiuble for cotuge curtains, librariej, Gloves. This lot Kerns to 1 "JJ
**.' J&^^Tj/^^J'A 2O °° y" Ai "* a that we quote to-day on all claivri of Spring ¦ . , '' ¦ULMJI nil I jtf 'i'i 1 *"^ '- etc., a regular <l.<o per pair . ths **" tI>at was eYtr ©t© (1 j*
g WSISImI ¦SSita'4 """""¦"- • --^^^^^^^^EmtiA'S-GRANDEST^TORE; *.»-.-r 9LO9 •?&*£•£?»". ,J %
K ll!$^!&&$^ chiffon Vri;in f5 : : - : : qdsite> • tfce ltyIeJ corr::t ' / \ [I $
| J&M*W£-/ much 't demand ' The elaborate Easter ¦ Decorations are still in place, and we add io them this week a number of features / S
% )p* a ; for < a « vdu and of especial interest to the children. "Bring the little folks down to. see the Rabbit s Easier Wedding. All the **,?** ******'*•£»* V^OJ J 5
I participants in the ceremonv are 'real 'rabbits, beautifully and appropriately, gowned for the occasbn. A decided S&h con J ce £ J 0O £ \>SSS S
«f commencing Monday, per yard. £&G . ; ; £ • ' - ' " ¦ ' -•¦ ¦ J£ . , ' g^ 3 floods J\XV J
I '^^^SSmmmmmll *"/£!£* s&ciarsaie 'mm^^Wm^, W |
5 Oo^Shir^c^ewcflfu^s'pringand We have ju.t rcceiv.-d direct from St. Gal. ' . &f SMZS OB2 Hfl®Bddl®W. ti> *A ahd */ 2 Off. black embroidered %
i d 7 a ° f r"> Handkcr " N«rly >ooo yards of the kind of colored any fancy silks thaf you want right oJ?% Z^^ZT Z^jlT^f pltud Warranted anJ kept in r< P air \
I ch,efs for the Easterns, • now , for linings d f c .^cd china ph ta , . cu^ M d^uccr^ 'in- /wo/ , W/ . • * * jj
J. . . . .' $1.00 y ' hand - e ™ broldered .; morning at a half "or less than tHcir regular :priccs. . • dmdual butter plates, fruit plates, icecream 1 J
* Men's Hosiery— Good quality of cotto'n, in Handkerchiefs, French effects , .... About iooo yards of the best quality French .'22-Inch Taffeta; exceptionally heavy grade (being P latM » and n^X «^r single pieca of decora- The L. F. Mandnl!n *
* ne>o fancy effect., the latest combination of ... . . .. 25C, 5OC. 75C manufactured expressly for^ fine costumes, a $1. a S per yard silk that will make beautiful linings tIve wea /. « c « ow »° «^ on special tables la .1 ,*. '"""*•*>"" jg
J col^ngs, good wearing, good-looking .ocks,' Sheer all-linen Handkerchiefs, elaborately " for' your Spring dresses; in- •,.:'..- .'. ' :' A •/¦.;. : .. f ™*< f,£» *'% *>?"«%** « # ««»ucaon, 3tid Guitar FolIOS. ZV X
i • MenrN^we.r-W;; hw -'iu,; ValenCnne, lace, insertion Qr tn , Sr^ise " ' JS^ MOffSSi^y SSO " '" \ S
J. some of the handsomest goods ever shown by and . cd 8 c . morc than S° «yl« marked AhoM .Y ards of c hFincy Silks in beautiful coloringi,' that were regularly sold at Safe Of Svrinun* • ¦ 3
X' us in popular-price neckwear, all decidedly new " ch • • • • • ,' • • • '. • • • 25O j,. as an d |i. S o; and a few fancy black Eilks;such much-in-demand weaves as:- . '*? " ' *J. rM "9 BSm Mandolm part 25O J
V effects and colorings, b the proper materals Extra sheer lawn scalloped embroidered hand- ' Moire Jacquard Stripes '.'.., Peau de Cygnes ". gtJg^L "'"mM AM UinCr Rubber GOOUS. Guitar part ... . ,«, . . . . . 25o 9
*. jnd fashionable shapes for Easter and the en- kerchiefi, each . . 25G Louisincs Saiin Stripe Taffetas Taffetas MsfffQffS§ff£8ty & S&Cr On Monday only we offer about soo Vene- Piano part . ......... . BOO * %
JC suing season, each . . . ¦., . . . . S Qc All-fincn hemstitched handkerchiefs, hand- About 5OO ' yard, of Peau Sultanai that rich French drew i silk that «» rerularlTso'.d «t J1.25 "n Fountoin Syringei, of . finest ¦ \
*. Us i?T ;_ . embroidered.. ... . . . . . 25O per jr-rd; in such durable coloring as:— ....... . . .... * 3 quafitr pure Para rubber, white or maroon, Waiters' antf BarkOCpOrs' X
J. High I Spar GrOWn. Sheer lawn hemstitched hand-embroidered hand- ' Tan -Gray, "Navy , Pink " ffl^l^-. •#-»_-#» «l^ complete, with three hard rubber icrew pipes. JzokOtS and AarOnS {r
f / X- Th V S th /' COrr - CCt kerchief,,,, ot of 2 oodo«n, «*J2*O j \ Blue : .Myrt.e ; . Castor. Etc., Etc. S¥iOnUSy SSC "^ S mS ' ' fliS At Special Cut PrtCOS. I
K W$ ¦ A '.nVaJm ' ,'E" g — — ' ' ' ' ' -' ""' ' ' ' ' " ' ' ' The +*-, **'. 75 ««,' Monday '. *. '. %8o ¦ Several extrt- - -^ $
I' f i\ S Tapering - • .. .. .,- ;.....; T . .,,- . , -, ,.. ¦ .. . ' . Imperia. Hot-Water Botlle- Extra heavy ordinary offering, JB g $
I ¦ X <^^^^ both front and back y^ ry CllOSCQ GOOClS at 3 Very Little Price. Rubber Sheeting-Extra heary, yard Iwide ever quoted in this / X$ * >v 5
*» — ¦ — • • ¦ exclusive jwi siorcs v - ¦¦<*'.,, fc * » f ¦¦ i , . i- , . ¦ , , , * ¦ . *¦ ¦ , • w , • * • •i*t_»t / #\ •*
k . ask f2.soand| S -oo, the Emporium's prices Our New York buyer closed out the stock of an importing jobber, consisting of many: thousand^ yards of the" Best Swiss Rubber Gloves-l-For* h'ous'e and rardenW? **? for *» class / I \ jf
$ for the samegrades $2.35 ™i..$4.0O Nainsook and Cambric Embroideries/Edgings and 'Insertions'^at a' very low price. : These bcautifur embroideries are P air • • • • • • •' • • 85o g ° ' l{ c=l \
Easter Egg Dyes. all late designs and well finished, measuring from 3 to pinches in- width; suitable for underwear, babies', dresses, Rutur^lbs-lx^'ea^'/ 6 ?'.* Jacke^Ma^by fe *" "^^\i V
K White Rabb : t and Union Egg Dyes, all colors shirt waists, white aprons, summer dresses, etc. .-. . To-morrow we shall place on special sale 3000 yards 47 #% Rubber Diapers— Extra heavy. . . . .20o Alfred Benjamin \ &^^Jj I 2
*>, harmless; on special sale all this week, for — ¦ — . — -——————. ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ -. - . Monday.. &4*35 j/*)* 5
*: East^ P ,ci»ge . . . . - 3o §g . Easter Cards, Booklets, White Gootfs Special Sates. W cfoth a jSi Blaek \5WhT *
* Tsbleoloths Sneciaf. •&ms^~ > \ Rabbits and Novelties. • Materials lor Confirmation Dresses. F«t°coior, weii'madl ' NV^»">'I. J
i To-morrow only-.zo Bleach Tablecloth, f^A. VS '//I a pettv HttUhooth, main floor, back of rotunda, To-morrow and all week, unless sold out,: fine White Goods of the better and well finished, .pedal Monday . $t. 03 5
J unusually good damask, fringed all around, '^S^^^L/ that has been especially prepared for them, will be Class> tOr onh ™ a tion, Easter and evening wear, at a generous saving. -, Black Sateen Walter Jjckels— The ¦ re f ular v '3f
£. almost 3 yards Jong; instead of |2. 3 s each, 1$ S^l^ found en display and sale, a large ' and varied assort- Flne Wh ! te °/i^y— 6i '"\ches wide; a good French White Chiffon Organdy— 68 inches «i.oo quality, ipedal Monday .. ..75 O £
j special sale price Monday is but. $,.68 -m of th= best lineT of Easter (Lcb and BooKlets in- , W^^^tM, mWke VoS '^SruTdtk^ Se^rtt^l
ar Battenberg, fquarcs. iarfs, etc, including , f cach ; ' ' * ' * " ?' '° t0 91. OO Imported French WhKe Ortfandv— 68 inch^ y - Ird * t2%O to 40o B * rK "P er$ J«Kets-Extta quality white duck X
V elegant Mexican drawn work piece, and pretty UpstatKS in TOV you Will, find the egg,, animals and oddities wide; very even weave; inW of. joe yard New Welt Pique, -Medium cord (one case . I
J. • designs in spachtel, at prices ranging from that are designed especially for the Easter festivities. _ Most of them, arc made -Monday and during .this week ./ , . 3BO only at the price); per yard . . . . ISO only to OUKOnl » reauceo lor £l oa 9^ ' X
S Tirtfe'd'cuihfil^ofs-New effects ° f PaplCr Mache and "" be fil!cd w5th «n<iJes;'Rtbbit$'5c to $1.25; Glass White Wool Fabrics— A complete line of dainty materials for confirmation WtlUrand Bar' ApronV-lcood, heavy-w'dght ' *
*; . . . .25 G \o75c Eggs with stand, flower decorations, sc, 10c and 15c; Chickens, Ducks, dresses in first ais'e'lcft of main entrance, such as Albatross, Crepes Henri- mujlin » w ij *e itrinp securely fastened, t* ,% J
I Cords and T»ssets-new ; yard. So to 2 Oc fancy figures, etc., 5 c to g 1. 5 o. ' ettas, Sablines, etc., at per yard QQc, 75c and $f.QQ ?j 5
j: Furniture, Carpets and v Rugs. >^ I
£ Large shipments of Carpets and Rugs have been arriving for the past two weeks, and we are now ready with a J^^K^r^tv ' *'"
X very complete and attractive new Spring stock. We never had such a good assortment of patterns. Better values W^^^M^^^^^^dr Since Opening Day several delayed shipments of fine, exclusive Pattern Hats have ar- Jc
J than ever at Department Store Prices. . ' _. .:. ¦ ffl$S&^? '^^ rived and wiI1 be oa « h5 b5t5on to-morrow for first time. These additions make our as- !?
{• Tapestry Brussels — In bright, cheerful patterns; good as- Wilton Velvet Carpets — A good, deep pile, and one we can - jii '>&M . <^;*^ n i «V»i«; il^i ; j c -ka-w ' ij' i. '.' «
S> ' ~- c \ • j jwe- e •j^-»— • *V %*0*& -"I or this exclusive class of Millinery unequaled anywhere. This season * ««Ooen- ft
* sortment of colorings; per yard 45o guarantee to wear for years; price, per yard. ... .35c u 0S3 "t*j v^u^^u •";""«=• laascHom ispcn- x\
k* Best Quality ol Tapestry Brussels — Including such makes Linoleums — She feet wide, made of the best quality of 'pul- ' : vvltg^i ,-J ¦ ing ' f has becn our most 8ucccss f u '« Ladies have not only praised but purchased. All
J. as San'ord's double extra and Stcnson's, borders to verized cork and linseed oil; per square yard 45c <I*g5P1L ' are invited. -'" •*
»; match; per yard 85o Linen Warp, Afartfifflf— Invisib'c and double . . '-J^"* *^ .bum*. ' > . '' 5
% Body Brussels — A carp:t which will wear for years; a dye, very serviceable; will wear for months; special, Ready '-to-n r Car' f Hat $2.25 — This ready-to-wear walking hat, made -$s£fR&? \ f c- - 11
*£ good selection of. patterns, including such makes as per yard. ..........". ;\'; : . !.-..'.... ,22 x Ao of rough straw of a fine weave, trimmed with a very full drape and pompon of new, fine r^^^K^^§%
Whkali's; per yard .'. $1.15 Moquette Rugs— Size 60x2 7'inches; a new ship- ~ mull; just as pretty and much morc serviceable than chiffon- pompon is edged with §l8mviSfei^L \
* Axminster Corpcts-With borders to match; a nice deep ment this week of a good selection of floral designs; blacl; chcnillc . color3 of d and creamj Hn whj %
X pile and very effective carpet; price, per yard .... 95o worth $2. 50, special ,....' S1.85 ... ,, •'•,', ' . k9 O/« '2
J»' :¦.'/:•. ... . ' - • ***** . light blue, and the price %j7£mB*m%J> " '-¦ "2
* . Bedroom Suite — Like picture, consisting ; ' ;-^e£3$«^w^ " '""" ' ' *—— — - | — — - - •¦ - - ¦ ¦ - •¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ - ¦ • Tj
f t^tJS, iHfeiiiii^ IrtHfelPi : fe^^fc« • ": -2 r P r <y Matchless Ores? Goods Values. ' |
inches, with odd shaped beveled French plate | « W '^Wfflt' A selection of Fashionable Spring and .Summer Dress Fabrics that positively cannot be obtained 'elsewhere in . J
*\'-- mirror, 50x24 inches; worth $42.50, special 'i Z^^r" °\j ~^^S0i§£i iff] ////% this city at such low prices for similar good qualities. .•' , ' - ' ¦ , ¦ ,'. >
g thisweekr $29.50 \ agg^r tiljk _ _£jj^\\ ¦ ' - • - 2O Colored Fabrics. 2 O Black Fabrics. 5
$ Ladies' DcsK— Made of birdseye maple, elegantly 'i i^j<K^^$^x<^ M^^^^^^^^^. Strictly zAU' Wool. ., " SMctly' All Wool, Best T>Ve. 5
j finished, size 28x17 inches; interior part d.vided ' r^ ~_ ;^X^zS^\ IZ^_1AJ^^^'^^ ¦ BOc Ystrdm '-'\r' $1*00 Yard* '" ' SOc Yard. §1.00 Yard, I
jT conveniently for stationery; -at the very special T W nf~ -^^T^^J Wsj^M mSS5&§3M ' • 3 8-in. Alba^s, all coW 46-in. Viole de Gaze, leading colors.-; 44-in. French Twin. . y.r 43 -ia. "Crepede Chme. jj
*- P ncc $6.75 j ?^^^S?^^^^J : -frC^^ 1 ' " ' *"^ - 38-in. Canvas Suiting, all colors. 43-in. Cr(; P e de Chine, leading colors. 4i-in. Cheviot Suiting. 45-in. Viole de Gaze. .*
*° TahnurettcJ_F : rher Golden 'Oak or Mahooanv i ' •Z^~5*^3& 3£g5gggZ3g1 1 38-in. Canvas Stripe, all colors.. . 43-b.Taffetaline,' leading colors.' \ 3 8-in. Batiste (very popular). 47-b. Batiste Suiting. 3
K TabOUTCtte— b.ther Golden <Jak or Mahogany, )^^pr^<S t^&^c\ r^jCp^ *- <^gS. - 42-in. Cheviots, all colors. . ¦ 43^ Satin Prunella, ; leading colon. 38-in. Mohair Suiting. co-b. Panama Suitbg '5
J, twisted rope effect, . with shelf below, circular ¦• h^^^s^^^^^-^ '; d^^^g^gt . 38-in. Mixed Suitings, 6 styles. 50-in. Canvas Suiting, leading colors. 38-b. Albatross Snitbg. 5 s-b Canvas Suiting 3»
j : shaped to P/ size 18x18 inches; regu'ariy s^ooj j [^pii^^i;,. 75cYard. . $1.5 O Yard. 75c Yard. - $1.50 Yard. *
*T tms weeK a>*£.*HJ |J. y . \^S^ZiLl^S. 1 46-b. Albatross, all colors. 48-b. Crepe de Chine.leadbg shades. 46-b. Canvas Suiting. , 47-b. Viole de Gaze. 5
JC Hall Stand — So'id- Golden Oak, 28 inches wide and *%f"\EZr\ 'i^xF^rrSFS 46-b. Canvas Suiting, all colors. * 48-b. Peau de Gant. " •• 5 o-b. Panama Suitbg. 48-b. Crepe ds Chbe. >|
%' 78 'inches high, With Slipper box and" umbrella U . i ; ' ' 44-J»- '. g™ 5 " "Siting, »» colors. 4¥«-" Melrose . •••;¦» ; .' ; 48-b. Granite Suidng. 44.^ Queen'. Qoth. £
V ' .. ¦ . • . . -,^ji o — *^ J Sm^ ¦¦; . -j. 46-in/ Mistral Suiting, all colors.. 50-m. Natte Suiting. ". " 4a-in. Prunella Suitbg. : 48-b. Melrose Suiting. 5
j» Holder; a dargain at $O.2fO , ' . '"y 40-in. ¦'Crepe "de Chine, all colors. 60-in. Priestley's Cheviot Cravenctte 38-b. Poplb Suitbg. 5 fi-b. Sadn Prunella. *
I ,M*^tZ%^?^ Spring Fashions in A Great Shoe Special. .'«i. 26£ ; S«t * w J
J *^t^|Jl;f I'i Children's Clothing. ¦ , fe rf fco ff' A ?'?^ y ' #m : 1 i&12?.^si3' ' f
5 1- j • r i.- • '.j ¦,. -_^ 1 , ' • •» . Our Spring stock of foot-wear for Ladies, Men and Chi dren • ATI 9nnA \~,a~<, i.,. ;--;-•<• " • w rr? uae » jf
I chased a quanm y O f this genuine od JgV . With the placing - on/ display and sale to- , i^nL complete. It surpasses in. variety, good styles and # JSct^T 8 ** " "" " "^ "^ . J
*' T ?n ?u f" 7 7 " ; •¦^) V 'lP? sorrow ofmany new lines of boys' and children's .excellent values, any shoe stock that the big store has yet Si«i.icia. ,1 fa. iab. 13^ , 4 fa. *
$ . W Johnson & Co.; full quarts;rcg- \W U f . top coats, wool suits and wash suits, oar .Spring shown. As an Introductory Easter Special, offcr^ for fi \ Pric«.SI.2O " S1.35 $1.50 $1.65 $1.80 jf
J. ularly '$1.25; one of the best whisky f^SD^kL^ £ A Size, . . . . ,5 b. ,6 b. , 7 b ' ,8 b I
K bargains ever offered m San Francisco . F^^uZ^ W(?^ practically complete. We positively assert that 7 ¦ • Jf 1 / >T\ _. * «. ftg ,0^ >^I .!'!.• - S
g .. at Monday's special price, bottle fjjf/.f \ ' [\ nowhere else can you get such values at the Ladf «' *rt Q ual «y 53.50 Vici Kid Lace Shoes- With . S{ t™- : -..- -W.,.**. -.*** .9135 *
g .S/C (ijt- W-< f fLA Prices. , . the latest new style toes, patent leather tips, hand- 'Sl'j^^i Forks and SpOOHS. %
,,• Pabst Best Malt Extract-Monday, dozen . .,' \l h CK. Youths' Suits— For ages 1 2 to 1 9 yesrs; in turncd • soIcs ' '" mr ™Y hccls » a brand new high y^V^/^l^ Rotter BrOS. ' "1847" 2
S •A.vJH'Gin-The'genube b* fa«^bScf " A fw^ ffruffi a!1 ' W001 Chcvi ° tS and Cassimeres; blue, gray^ grade, u p . t o-da tc sh oe, in all sizes and. widths,- , ' 7/ Shell P aSm and satb finish Teaspoon,, Table- £
S bottles ... . .51.50 / V^/ S olive and brown; and -in new- nobby striped to-morrow, pair — -* /^h^S spoons and Forks: , V. -<
t- Progress Beer-The famous Indianapolis beer, \W U /A 1/ effects, in plain mixtures; extraordinary valtfe at< •••••••••••••••••-•. «lP«#O C— — -^^^ " ' ? h M Teas P°° n^ «*' »"•?..•. «J-gO , .. -
2T S^ qUmS ' * 2 ' 3O «? Z A R 6 J\ l/Xil ' thc P rf «^... :..-......... ..,.^4-S5 . UdI«V,Bluch«rCrt Ucc~Shoe,-The very MiW and^Children', Uce * /.V : 5^OO |
£ Apricot' Brandy— A* delicious aftewhnnerTor- >F\ lflU^ // I B °y s ' Sailor SuitS— For ages. 3 to IO years; newest style; best Vid kid; mannish toe, , quality French kidj patent leather tips, welted XII sectional plate, fcney design, Teaspoons, J
\ dial;, regularly $1.00 bottle; Monday 82o VSLLll blue «rgcs, cheviot, and mixed cassimercs;' 'ill • P» tcnt '" thcr Go"dyear welted extension or medium vreight sole,; new style toes, sprbg and Forks: , s
V Mudville Rye Whisky-Is worth easify double ' '^^(71 "ith handsomely braided- colors,' embroidered Ibi"^^^' " "^3^ s£' n ? It t0 ' ' * 2l'?& T*^?*?! 6 *'"''' $* 6 £'.'$
J. * ! . . — 7 Boys ThrcC-Piece SuitS — For; ages 9 to 15 quality; new Blucher , cut; mannish toe and made on the new style last and tips; dull mat Black Coffee Spoons, in »nn lined box, set of 6 'X
i Cameras and PhotO- .-* , ' years; made Of all-wool Blu- Serge; round cornered M tip,' Goodyear welted' extension soles, with - kid tops; Goodyear welted extension : soles; a • • ........... 51,35 "J
HI graphic Supplies at '"^t^w' '! |
g lK ° d * k '" |^M?i^^PSlS?i^iSSylS tzooo ozen f6 W ei s ' Groceries-Monday m '-\
g S^^^^t^^ 1^*; "*'"''-ey»0", y $, m03m O ; , ? Bached hi 6 h Prunes^Ls^aaraVVod'^;^ 5
JC- .. ible albums, in all. of the des.rable shades of Another charming Colonial story , by the au±or La HarmOltta ' grade Huckaback Towel,, ske 18x34 inches,' „ <»*. +lbs . ... ......... 2 5o and^oSrake, complete tor 5 6.5 O ' 5
*' '",/"¦• '.\h O-^.Y ,,fcr Oh«' : °J T0 * 3 $ l ™*' t0 . **<**'' now. haying a gg Bid!* f»S*i *»»€*¦ . finely..' hemmedj instead of Ji.6 S dozen; KeM'i Gelatine-Monday, 3 pkg,. .. 25O Other styles with rubber tire,, from | 7 .co to 3
V 5M*7 «.. doth,- 2 3c; leather, 90o. . b<g run; publisher's price I1.5O} our price . '"Bit lalgtirSf each..:...,. ... . . . . Uc Sl * Frt * Demonstration in Grocery Dipt. *, 0 00 l ?
AT 7x10 in cloth S4Sc; leather, S1'35. ;-¦'¦; •> •••/•,•';.•^••'• / $1.08 '/. 9 fgimm SSg^ ¦' "¦". ' '-^ ' Hemmed Hdc^ Towels — High; grade; 40 Rabins-Loose Muscatel, 1b ...... . * o New Style ' Go-Carts— The best that are S
I* ,,ox,a,n., doth, SOc; leather, 52.^5. ''The MeOiods of^.Udy .Walderhurst'V'- ** ' O r^?*~' ; inches long;in unusual value; each >. #7© McLaren's Canadian ChU.e-Sold by the 1? manSure'd andtianv style, toT^kct from ' '
tg. W, do diixlopng and printing ma style Frances Hodgson Burnett's latest book, pub- S tier till Sal* * All tM Week Turkish, Towels-Cream color; close weave; . . . . . . . ..... \*»/Jo Z wkarnnSn* frJm " "- ' "¦ S
£ $^rtf*£th^Mj™e£g i Usher', price *,.z Si our price.. .^OO e^^ g^.l^g^.^ ¦ ¦ lo^ >>s inches wid ;. yff< ; Frisco lunch or Champion =J 3 .C ! S. 7!^! ' . ' $30.00 $POPULAR ACTRESS WHO
OPENS AT THE COLUMBIA
THEATER MONDAY NIGHT.
The ; Census Bureau "reports i ;that' diif ing.the ; decade' : preceding 1900 the output of the bicycle
industry increased in value from ; $2,500,000 per annum , toj nearly $32^000,009, b'ut so rapidly is the
use of -the wheel going out : of fashion: in the East th^t some .'of the leading papers in that » section
predict that ten years from mow the value of, the output will be nearer what it was Tin 1890 than
. -^ .'•¦ ¦''.¦ ¦- . A - '¦' •¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦'.. . ¦ ... h9
Governor Odell of New-York lias removed from office the Sheriff of Kings/Gounty on the
ground of "moraruhntness'.'j^and yet the Sheriff was^ electee! only last fall /on; the moral reform
ticket. It is ; . passing, strange' how these black sheep -get into; the whitest 'flocks, and no one- ever
perceives them until they get fat on reform grass. §&j
. Through the streams of. our California mountains there are rushing to, the sea waters whose
flow generates an energy sufficient to operate factories capable 'of working up all the raw mate-,
rial around them. There can be no question that the material exists. Were the. force .of: the!
streams once utilized the marvel : : of industrial progress now. going on around Sault. Steli Marie
would be repeated in our mountain counties. It is the old story that one enterprise . leads to an
other, that the opening of one door shows, a second door waiting .to be opened. In the move-:
ment now under way to develop the resources of th^ northern pat t of 1 the State'the' possibilities of
manufacturing enterprises should.not be overlooked: The L.ake!Superior lesson is worth heeding.
When canals were constructed along the rapids for the use of shipping; it was found that
hardly one-thousandth part of the power of -the flow was.utilized In working the locks. It there
upon-Occurred to enterprising men that since the canals were already constructed it would
not cost mucK. more to put in the machinery necessary to convert the energy of .the rushing water
into electricity and to apply it to manufacturing purposes. ' In looking round for raw. material to
operate upon the promoters soon noted the value of the spruce forests in the neighborhood and
accordingly the electrical energy, was set to work converting the trees into wood pulp. The success
of the first venture encouraged the undertaking of others. A.second and larger electric plant was
constructed. Further raw material was sought forand'found in the .mineral resources of the
region, and now it is expected that the district ;\vill become one of the largest manufacturing cen
ters on the continent. >
FROM the far-away region where the waters of Lake Superior pour through the rapf3s of
Sault Ste. Marie comes a story of interest to Califqrnians. It shows how the development
of a power for the operation of industry causes industry to rise, and how- raw materials
formerly considered out of; reach of markets are brought into the- commercial world and
made the sources of large profits.
.A. LESSON FOR. O^LXjIFOI^lsri^..
"I may have no heart." replied the con
scientious man of meats, "but I have
some choice liver."— Cleveland -'Iain
Dealer^— BWmBM
"Your work Is brutalizing," said the
vegetarian to the butcher. "I don't see
how you can have any heart in it." :
"Well, thank heaven! you've never seen
me run after people who have money."
"No, but I've seen people run after you
because you didn't have money."— Tit-
Bits.
"Always pay as you go," said Uncle
Dudley.
"But, uncle, suppose I've nothing to pay
with?" . /
"Then don't go."— Tit-Bits. >
Pupils of a Dancing Academy Pro
duce "Cinderella" With Good
Results.
It was children's day at the Alhambra
Theater yesterday. Little children and
their elders watched the spectacular opera
and patronized the peanut and popcorn
vender during the intermission. The oc
casion was the production of the comic
opera "Cinderella" and an accompanying
exhibition of fancy dances by the pup'ls
of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. O'Brien's dancing
academy.
The large auditorium was crowded and
every one present enjoyed the perform
ance. Those who ' participated In the opera •
sustained their parts well and won an
abundance of applause. The dancing spe
cialties were remarkably good. Little tots
executed steps of all nations, and the
show went through without a hitch or a,
mistake. At the end of the programmed
came a Florodora sextet, which was
worthy of special mention.
> Mrs. Caro True-Boardman, who had
coached the children for their parts in
"Cinderella," also had a part in the opera
and gave a specialty that was warmly re
ceived.
CHILD AUTISTS APPEAR
AT ALTTATVTBRA THEATER
tire mass, each head of this monster of a thou
sand heads, of this Titan of the century whom
I call "Everybody" takes cart In my play. Jt
may be for a flying 1 moment, to utter but one
word, fling: only a single glance. Perhaps his
action in the play consists of a smile, seen
but to vanish. Listless and absent-minded, he
acts without passion, without anger, without
guile, often for mere distraction's sake. .
Don Julian — What then?
Ernest — These light words, fugitive smiles,
all these passim: glances and this petty evil,
that" may be called the insignificant rays of the
dramatic light, condensed to one focus, to one
family, result in conflagration and explosion,
In strife and In victims. If I represent the
whale by a few types or symbolical person
ages. I bestow upon each one that which ¦ Is
really dispersed among many, and such a re
sult distorts jny idea. Suppose a "few types
upon the stage whose guilt repels and Is the
less natural because In them the evil has no
object. V This exposes me to the accusation , of
the intent to paint a cruel, corrupt and de
based «ociet7. when my sole purpose is to
prove that not even the most Insignificant ac
tions are In themselves insignificant, or lcat
for eood or evil.
Don Julian stamps this as metaphysics,
not drama, "a glimmer of light in an In
finitude of cloud," and says that for his
part he wants a love story, an intrigue,
action and effective situations. Ernest
replies that the love- and Jealousy in his
play will be largely subjective, that which
does not come to the surface, but runs
between the lines. Don . Julian sensibly
asks:
"But who. understands all this? How
are these Interior, cataclysms to be sug
gested? Who tells these things to the
audience? In what way are they to be
made evident? Must we spend a whole
evening hunting for an ominous glance,
a fateful sigh, a gesture, aeingle word?
My dear boy, this Is not amusement, ! It
is philosophy."
Ernest stubbornly maintains that it Is
a drama If he could 'only give it fitting
form, and ends with a grand
that It shall be done, and that "so will
he use our. lost words, our vague smiles,
our curious glances and . all those in
numerable trivialiUes that mark our idle
progress through the street, the cafe, the
theater, the reception, and In their ac
cumulated mass make life." In the play
he becomes the victim of the idly con
ceived and idly advanced suspicion of his
honor, "nobody acts with guile, conscious
evil," says the author, his benefactor is
killed, his benefactor's wife flung Into^is
arms and he Is forced into unearned In
famy through, tne fate that Echegary has
here newly personified as "Everybody."
• : • • •
Blanche "Walsh comes to the Columbia
to-morrow evening in "La Madeleine,"
the work of a California playwright
Harry J. Dam. ,
"I hear that Miss Pan key is to marry
Berkenhead. I thought you had a better
chance there than . anybody else, old fel
low."
.; ' VI think" I had. I was on the point *of
proposing, to her once, but I waited for.
the psychological' moment and It didn't
come."— Inter-Ocean.
"The new star in Perseus Is traveling
at the rate of 60,000 miles a second "
"Great Saturn! Say, wouldn't there be
fun to burn If they could hitch .the ! 'Dip
per* to its tall?"— Cleveland Plain Dealer
~~~ r ~~~ — ¦...* ' >
Ef strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap ba«£
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
C39 Market st.. Palace Hotel building «
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv • t\Z
I-rees Clipping Bureau (Allcn'Sfsio MoS?"
gomery street. Telephone; Main lt>ir •
Those same programmes, by the way
have not been wholly worthy. When a
singer can give- such songa. in such a
fashion, '. as 'the "Samson : and Delilah"
«ongs of Saint-Saens that have ¦ formed a
The voice is a .true contralto, delicious
in Its - lower range and perfectly con
trolled. The upper notes do not always
please^ having a certain reedlness of
quality. . But she slngsi delightfully. Each
phrase . Is given with exquisite sense of
its I tonal and . emotional -raluea, dramatic
light and shade, 'and her enunciation Is
artistic in the extreme. She , acts her"
songs, pictures them, in admirably aym
pathetic fashion, and monotony, that
bete noire at the sonar, and every, other
sort of recital, finds no 'place during one
of- Mrs. Fisk's programmes.
Among the pleasant musical affairs of
the season have been the song recitals of
Mrs. Katharine Fisk this week at Sheiv
man & Clay Hall. It is long since a con
cert contralto of Mrs. Fisk's kind has
been heard here and she was accordingly
doubly welcome and has made for herself
an. enviable .place in' the -hearts of those
who had the good luck to ¦ hear her.
Aileen - McCabe— while one Is about the
child-wonder question— Is a very clever
young girl, whose performance last week
at Sherman & Clay Hall was distinctly
promising. Aileen is a pupil of Noah
Brandt and shows her good teaching In
what must be grateful faahion to her in
structor. She has a robust tone, excel
lent Intonation, a supple bow arm and
good command of the finger-board. Style
is yet lacking in her performance, finish
and fineness, but there Is a sound and
healthy foundation ' to build upon and
everything to work with.
• • •
Speaking of child wonders. I heard the
other day that the poor little Schramm
children were playing up in Dawson City,
being managed by the estimable Papa
Schramm, who, like many others, ex
pected to pick up a fortune in the north
ern metropolis. Without result, I be
lieve, so far.
Kathleen Is now, and has been for two
or three years, a pupil of Henry Holmes.
Before that, time she studied with her
uncle, Mr. Kurnow, and seems to have
been well on the right path ever since her
beginning— in Canada, by the way. There
is nothing of the abnormal about the
small violinist. She is just a sweet, whole
some," normal little maid who has perhaps
been a little more" carefully and. sensibly
educated than the average child— which,
as she is the only one, is maybe not won
derful. Kathleen's puoilc appearance at
this early stage. was hardly In contempla
tion, "but "things" disposed themselves
that way, and the little girl makes her
bow In vaudeville this afternoon. Two of
her numbers will be the "Gipsy Dance" of
garasate and the' Wiehlawski variations on
"Yankee Doodle.7 and I am sure a warm
welcome p awaits her. I happen to know,
by the way. that the money earned by
the ¦ budding: Neruda will all be devoted
to her education. I also happen to know
that her schooling of the last two years
has been the generous gift of one not
overburdened himself with store of this
world's goods, Kathleen's devoted master,
Henry ' Holmes. AU honor to him!
rpHE Orpheum will havej on Its bill 1
I' -Hhis" afternoon what to any other
' I .; 'than' an -Orpheum audience, inured
I < to variety from earliest Orpheum
',?*'£• hood," would spell novelty, a child
violinist of quite exceptional at
tainment. .Kathleen Parlow is the little
girl's name, and if I have kept count cor
rectly Kathleen- must be II years oM now.
I heard her first about a year ago. in some
De Berlot numbers, and she played ever
so well ,then, with a finish, style and
ease that one is not accustomed to look
for in a child's work. She had also a very
sufficient technique, temperamental gifts
of high order, an excellent school, and
there seemed indeed every reason why she
should make her mark in the violin world.
I think she is going to do it, too, for her
work shows amazing progress since last
year.
The man of the future is (described as belonging to- a "race of four-toed giants." He will
be free from, all forms of disease causedbymicrobes. Hevwill gainso much'in longevity that the
weakness of old age will riot fall upon him until lie approaches the century mark. The final touch
is given in the prediction that the sex of infants will be predetermined; -that -for r a. time there ,wilf
I be a preponderance of boys, which will cause a big demand for girls, arid in the. succeeding gen
eration there, will be more girls than boys, but thereafter 'there will be an equal number and every;
Jack can have his Jill. What more canihumanity 'ask?
\ 1[ 7 HILE H. G. WELLS has been undertaking to forecast the future of man by a study
\ /\ I ¦ °* e econ . o . rr " c forces^now^nipperitioniProfessor.Bruner of Butler University has
\f \f been attempting to , determine' 'what the man of the future will be like: in ages far be-
I • -¦ v yond those to 'which 'the. Wells, forecast extends. Professor Bruner- does, not rely
upon political economy, nor upon sociology to throw, light upon the issue! : He obtains illumina
tion from biology, geology and history; and while not venturing to say what will be 'the social
conditions of mankind hereafter, he asserts with some. positiveness that the race will be, quite-dif
ferent from what it is to-day. . •
The professor begins by declaring that artists fail utterly in their attempts to depict the
anatomy of the primitive, man, because they furnish . him with legs based upon the anatomy of
Greek art. The legs of the Greeks in the days of the great sculptors were better than those of
primitive man, and the legs of the average man of to-day are better than those of men in the days
of Greek art. . The human anatomy is improving: with the years. The brain, the chest and the
lower limbs are alike developing; but there will be some losses. The foot, which the professor
tells us used to be a grasping organ like the foot of an ape and has now become "a mere ambu
latory appendage," will lose one of its toes; the number of ribs will be reduced, the'vermiform ap
pendix will vanish; but on the other hand the man of the future will have more hair and
better teeth. . . . ¦¦¦0^rA -< . :. V/^-ty ; . ; : : ;
"MiJ^lsT OIT 1 THEE FXJTTJI^E.
A feature of Mrs. Fisk's recitals has
been ' the charming accompaniments of
Fred Maurer. • ¦
notable part of lira. Fisk's programmes
and others such, the plea of variety
hardly suffices a3 excuse for some of the
"cheap"— yes "cheap"— songs that have
defaced them. This was possibly in def
erence to our supposed light likings, thers
could be no other reason, but I doubt
If Mrs. Fisk will include them in her
repertoire when next she comes. To end
with, this singer is splendidly alive, most
charming in personality and full of mag
netism. She can bring tears or laughter
at will by her art, and will be welcome
indeed should she again come this way.
glimpse of it;
WHEN John Drew brought "The !
Bauble Shop" to San Francisco
some six years ago, among the
extra people engaged for the
local production ¦was ¦ a young
and ambitious student of a dramatic
school, who was cast for a "thinking
part." The student "thought" to good
purpose, however, and asked a member
of the company his advice as to the best
way to go about learning to be
an actor. John Drew's associate
strongly advised the stock com
pany, and the student took the advice
and went to the Grand Opera-house,
where he "suped" and played small parts
for a year. At the year's end he again
asked advice of his former mentor, and
was told to go to New York, which he
did. There A. M. Palmer took him on,
first in small parts, and then, as his abil
ity and conscience made themselves felt,
as assistant stage director. From that
to the chief stage manager was & matter
of only a short time, and now the actor
is at the head of his own company. The
ambitious young man is Howard Kyle,
and he comes to-night to the California
Theater as the star performer in "Nathan
Hale." with the original Nat Goodwin
production. Report has all kinds of fa
vorable things to say of Mr. Kyle's con
ception of the part, and the play is said
to be one of the best examples of Clyde
Fitch's facile genius. .
But "Nathan Hale" by no means repre
sents the limit of Mr. Kyle's ambition,
•whose kind and quality may be conjec
tured from the fact that if the exigen
cies of the -week permit ho will produce at
one of those matinees in which actors in
dulge their personal liking Jose Echega- ¦
ray's "El Gran Galeoto." With its mag
nSficent reach, high literary value, Ibsen
like outlook and entire absence of the or
dinary theatrical trickery, this greatest
play of the foremost Spanish dramatist
of the day is not one to attract the actor i
cut out of common stuff. Mr. Kyle's
aspirations may of course outrun his ca
pacitiea, but - at any rate his dramatic
heart Is in the right place, and if we are
lucky enough to get "El Gran Galeoto"
a large gratitude to the actor will be in
order In any case.
• • •
The play has been given before In
America, at the Independent Theater in
New Tork three years ago, which place
and time are significant of its kind. -Per*
hups a notion of the scope of the- play
can best be given by quotation from its
prologue that Is sometimes acted, but
mere frequently not. Two of the chief
characters In the drama, Don Julian, 'a
middle-aged, wealthy and practical banker
•with a young wife, and Ernest, the young
hero, son of Don Julian's old friend, and
secretary to the banker, in the end driven
t>y cataclysmic force to become the lover
of his benefactor's wife/ appear In the
prologue that Is the playwright's appre
ciation of his own play. Ernest, imprac
tical and a poet, has conceived a wonder
ful Idea for a drama, but Is bewildered
by its bigness, and is discussing the mat
ter with Don Julian, who in the prologue
symbolizes the spirit of "Everybody," to
vhom the play is dedicated. Here la a
glimpse of It; v
Ernest — Imagine the principal personage one
who creates the drama and develops It. who
cives It life and provides the catastrophe, who,
broadly, fills and possesses It, and yet who can
not make his way to the stage.
Den Julian — Is be then so ugly? So repug
nant or bad?
Ernest— Not bo. Ugly as you and I may be
— not worse. Neither good nor bad, and truly
not repugnant. I am not such a cynic —
neither a misanthrope, nor one so out of love
with life as to fall into an error of that sort.
Den Julian — Then what fs the reason?
Ernest— The reason. Don Julian. Is that
there is no material room In the scenario for
this personage.
Don Julian— Holy Virgin! What do you
mean? Is it by chance a mythological drama
with Titans In It?
Ernest — Not at alL It Is modem.
Don Julian — Well, then?
Ernest— Briefly — It la a question of EVERY
BODY.
Don Julian— Everybody! You are right.
There is no room for everybody on the stage.
It is an incontrovertible truth that has more
than once been demonstrated.
Ernest — Then you acree with me?
Don Julian — Not entirely. EVERYBODY
may be condensed Into a few types and char
acters. This is matter beyond me. but euch,
I understand, hat been the practice of the
masters.
Ernest— Yes. But in my case It is to.con
demn me not to write my drama.
Don Julian* — How so?
Ernest — For many reasons , it would be dif
ficult to explain: above all, at this hour.
• Don Julian— Never mind; ctve me a few.
Ernest— Look! ¦ Each individual of tJiia en
¦ , ¦¦
CLEVER; CHILD VIOLINIST WHO
WILL APPEAR AT ORPHEUM
DURING THE PRESENT WEEK
The House of Commons is said to.be the best dressed assembly in the world and the
House of Representatives the worst. Altogether it. appears that Congress does not make, a good
dress parade showing in the eyes of a critical observer. However, there may be said of all these
things what Mr. Brooks was wise'enough to perceive to be the truth about the free admission • to
the Capitol — the defects of dignity, style and dress "are more than compensated for by the sys
tem that makes them possible." Better democracy even in the rough than any other governmental
or social system the world can show. " >
Within the houses the contrast is marked by. the evident regard for form in- the Commons
and the disregard for it in the ;House. of /Representatives. The /American "Mr. Speaker" wears no
wig nor flowing robe like his British prototype, and the English observer hardly recognizes him
as a. Speaker at all. The clerks, the sergeant-at-arms and the pages in Congress are alike free
from any display of official dress^ and it is. noted .that "the mace"' alone, being inanimate, shows no
loss of dignity." . . . •>/. ; .
. The larger freedom of. manners in Gongress than in Parliament strikes the critic as a, point
in which we are inferior to. his countrymen. He says: "Behind the last row of chairs and desks
runs a railing hung with drapery; and between the railing and the wallis a passage opening, on
to the smoking-rooms. Nothing could have made the visitor feel more thoroughly 'at home than
the sight of honorable members lolling in their chairs and smoking. -As they took care to leave tfie
doors of the smoking-room open, that no word of the speeches might be lost, a very pleasant odor
of tobacco was spread throughout the House." / :-:^ ' >:': • "-":'¦ /
The divergences from the customs of the Commons which chiefly impressed our visitor
were those growing out of the relation, of the Representatives. to the barber-shop of the House,
and the presence of children on the floor during debate. Of these he says: "From where I sat it
was possible to catch a glimpse of members under the razor, and democracy took on quite a new
significance for me when the colored barber, finding business dull, opened 1 the door, and, stand
ing in his shirtsleeves and barber's apron; half in and half out of his shop, joked with Congress
men and listened to the speeches till they bored Him. But for sheer domesticity the palm must be
given to a phalanx of small boys, the sons ot Congressmen, who sat on their fathers' knees during
the debates. The colored member, I was enraptured to see, brought his- little pickaninny along.
Why not? Some of. these infants, tiring of the paternal lap, would climb into the nearest chair and
there experiment, with its rotary 'mechanism; and the : Congressman to whom the chair belonged,
so far from making any effort to expel the intruder," would- smile a blank smile and walk offfor a
cigar. One urchin came up to the bar of the House with his father' to be sworn in, held up "his
little fist and took the oath of allegiance to the constitution. f And the only comment I heard from
the galleries was an admiring 'Well, isn't that just the cutest. and. cunningest thing you ever saw?*
For my own part I could safely answer that it was." Y&J&.1 • ¦
OOIsrO-IFLESS FA.KLIA.MIElSrT.
SIDNJlYBROOKS^ has contributed to the London Chronicle an interesting study of the
contrasts ; between the House of Representatives and the House of Commons as seen by a
British observer. He notes in the first place [that the. difference is observable even before
. reaching the halls where - the legislators sit. ' To enter Parliaments buildings one must
have credentials and must pass-the scrutiny of a host of officials, but the" Capitol at Washington
is open to all. Any one can enter at will; as Mr. Brooks says, "without respect to age, sex, color,
previous condition of, servitude' or, present condition of clothes." He adds: "At first it somewhat
startles English notions to see some ragged shuffle- of a man whom no second-rate hotel would
have allowed to enter its lobby lounging about the precincts of the National Legislature, but
after a while one begins to feel that his presence is'more than compensated for by the system that
makes it possible."
By Blanche Partington.
VIRTUOSI IN THE BUD
HOLD INTEREST
OF MUSICAL WORLD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ™~ , ' - ; • Address Communications to W/S/LEAKE,
SUNDAY ...... . ¦¦/. . . . ; . A ........ . . . . ; . ,\ ...;.. {;, . . ; . ; ;•. ;;v. Vl . • I: I .V:W£ X-'-^ • • • • vt^—- • V: -MARCH' i6,igo2
, Publication Office ;-.......... .'£. ......... j ¦ <^Sg&& .... ...^1 .. .:...... ... .^V... Marketed Third, s: F
S^!lill|ll|MlBI .¦ ¦¦¦>'¦• ¦¦¦•:.-• . ¦•^¦:-r.;".- v.v"'-''.-. ¦¦-'¦"?:¦-; . .- .-,. .-.,¦ ~-r- ¦¦_ ». ; •¦ -.-/ ¦ - --' . ¦ ••.-. •';•-:
LEAPS FROM STUDENT
TO MANAGER
OF HIS OWN COMPANY
By Guisard.
22
THEE SAIST FRANCISCO ;CALL, SUISTDAY, ,MAEGH 16, 1902r
ADVERTISEMEN'TS.
"Tou can fool vorae of the people all of ths
time, and all of the people some of the time,
but you can't fool all of the people all of tha
time." This Is what the other dealers here
are learning. Tho people won't be fooled but
know where to find REAL BARGAINS in'hl«tfi
grade pianos. We are selling such pianos for
leaa money than others can buy them. • Tou
ask why? It la because -we are the OXLT
MANUFACTURERS ON THE PACIFIC
COAST. Only one pront from the factory to
the purchaser.
We have taken in trade many good uprlsrht
piano*. Among these are Stelnway. Knah«.
Chlckertnic and others. Only make U3 an of-
fer on them; $25. $40 or $75 cash takes one of
them. Tou cannot afford to miss this chance
to get a good second-hand upright.
«-JL ur .i!S? c !? 1 . ofr '™ for thl " we «* : SI* Golden
Oak $600 .Heine Pianos, ten -years" guarantee
with each. $315. Easy payments .if desired.
If you are looking for a HIGH GRADK ulano
you cannot afford to miss this chanc*.' Coma
early as w. will sell OXLT SIX of these, fine
p anoa at this price. Don't forget the new
place.
HEINE
Pianos; agents 10 other makes. Agent* wantedPrize-Money Question in Court
"WASHINGTON, March 15.— The tran
script of the case of the United States vs.
Admiral Sampson and others, which haa
been appealed from . the decision of the
Supreme Court of the District of Colum
bia, was filed In the United States Su
preme Court to-day. The case involves
the question as to whether prize money
should be awarded to Admiral Sampson
and the officers and the men of the Nortel
Atlantic squadron on account of the ves
sels and supplies captured in the battle
off Santiago July 3, 1S38.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 15.— H. Manuel,
a sailor of the eteamer Umatllla. dropped dea-i
as he was wheeling a truckload of skins to
the steamer this evening. The body -will \^>
taken to San Francisco, where Manuel jolnej
the steamer. k
"When Drew turned Eickorn over to Of
ficer Henley to take him to the City
Prison the arrested man started to run.
Urew followed him for several blocks, and
finding that the prisoner was gaining Qn
him fired two shots and haltefl him. The
patrol wagon joined In the chase and
Eickorn was soon landed in prison, whera
he will be held, pending the arrival of an
officer from San Francisco.
OAKLAND, March 13.— O. Eickorn, who
is wanted in San Francisco on a bench
warrant issued by Pottce Judge Fritz for
failure to appear and answer a charge of
disturbing the peace, wa3 arrested to
night by Pollc© Officer Drew at the cor
ner of Seventh and Chestnut streets. 1
Court Bench Warrant Tries to
Run Away.
Man Wanted on San Francisco Police
OFFICER GIVES CHASE
y . . TO ESCAPING PRISONER
VICKSBURG, Miss/, March 15.— The
bodies of nineteen of the twenty victims
of the steamer Providence disaster have
been recovered from the water of lake
Palmyra. The body missing Is that of
Dr. N. A. Lancaster.
Nineteen Bodies Recovered.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The police
arrested three men this evening in a San
Pedro lodging-house who are be
lieved to be notorious criminals. They
gave the names of John Clark, John Holt
den and "Bob" Byburns. The latter ia
known under the aliases of R. W. Teth
rington and William Trinidad. Burns' and
Trinidad are said to be wanted in Truckee
for, robberies committed there last au
tumn. A set of burglars' tools and imple
ments used in "cracking" safes was found
in the rooms of the three men.
Miller exhibits no feeling of remor?e
and claims he was justified in his crime,
though refusing to advance a reason.
May Be Wanted in Truckee.
SAN RAFAEL, March 15.— The prelim
inary hearing of Frank Miller, the con-
vlct who murdered Jerry Harris^ also an
inmate of San Quentin prison, has-been
set for next Tuesday and will bo held in
this city before Judge Rodden. Ernest
K. Thompson, who was assaulted by Mil
ler, is still in the. prison hospital and at
last reports was in a precarious condition.
Just before Harris was stabbed to death
Thompson was hit on the ,head with a
large iron bar and left for "dead. He is
suffering from concussion of the brain.
Be Arraigned in San Rafael
on Tujsday.
CONVICT MILLER'S SECOND
VICTIM IS NEAR DEATH
Mi^derous San Quetin Inmate Will
Fletcher B. "Wagner, Stanford *02, this
year's Carnot medalist, acted as toast
master and toasts were responded to by
President David Starr Jordan. Vice Presi
dent J. C. Branner, Professor W. R. Dud
ley, J. HowellJr., California '96; C. P.
Stern, California '03; Carl Parker, Califor
nia '03; J. Morlarty, California '03; J.
Mills, Chicago ,'01; D. V. Cowden, Stan
ford '02; A. B. Cooley, Stanford '02, and
others.
SAN JOSE, • March 15. — An estate of*$2S0,000
will ? soon . be •' distributed . among the heirs of
the late J.~: H. • Ellis, the . administrators hav
ing tiled their ; final account to-day. One-halt
goes to' the widow,- and. the remainder l Is. to
be divided equally between the sons and daugh
ters of, deceased — A. L.i Ellis, Laura Vetterline,
Mrs. . George ' T." Dunlap.' Dora Holloway and
Marion E. - Ellis.' All • are residents J of this
county. - L l ¦ "
MATTOON, 111., : March 15.— Larry Me-,
Kee, a messenger in ; the employ of^ the'
Adams -Express service, is missing, and a
package containing, It is said, $20,000, has
also 'disappeared. ;'.. The package* was sent
from Brazilj Ind.j to S£. Louis in Mc-
Kee's charge. ., ' ;
Man , and Package Are Missing.
', SAN* JOSE, , March 15.— Joseph Delgado,
a boy of 12, died in Santa Clara 1 this morn-
Ing from injuries 'received a few days ago.
•While , playing with "some ] larger boys he
fell and broke his collar bone. The end of
the bone penetrated the lung, causing in
ternal hemorrhages.
Fall Causes Lad's Death.
SAN JOSE, March 15.— Elmer Marcen,
who resides in the old Murphy dwelling
on Market street,, answered- a ring at
bis' door ¦ at . 1# o'clock ito-nlght. As he
opened the door a stranger, slashed at
him ,wlth a knife, cutting" through his, vest
and ; shirt and : scratching the skin. Mer
cen> pursued his assailant, but was unable
to overtake him.
CALLED TO HIS DOOR BY
' : •¦ WOULD-BE ASSASSIN
On account of various threats regarding
the fomentation of disturbances, the Min
istry of War has directed the soldiers who
have recently completed , their terms of
service to remain with the colors.
The Queen Regent only called upon Se
nor Segasta to reconstruct the Ministry
after she found it Impossible to induce
the various sectional leaders to attempt
the formation of a coalition Cabinet. The
Pope has appealed to her Majesty not to
permit the recent decrees, obliging relig
ious congregations to comply with the law
of associations to be put in force. The
decree becomes operative March 21, so the
new Cabinet will bo early confronted with
a question admitted to be extremely diffi
cult to settle. ¦
MADRID, March .15.— The Queen Regent
has commissioned Senor Segasta to form
a new Cabinet.
Ministers to Discuss Some Seri
.'••; ous Matters.
Sagasta Is Commissioned to Select
QUEEN REGENT ORDERS
!"; r^NEW SPANISH CABINET
Last autumn the San Juan courts vio
lated an ' injunction order of the ' United
States Court and .refused to change the
venue v in .an - ejectment suit brought
against Americans. : The News used the
term "high-handed action" in criticizing
the refusal. This offended the dignity of
the native Judges, who under the Span
ish law were not used to press criticisms.
The Judges Instituted the libel suit <vid
also brought other suits on the ground
of further criticism. The latter, which
are still pending, will probably be dis
missed In view of Bird's acquittal to-day.
The matter involved the question whether
the Spanish press law or constitutional
freedom of the press should prevail.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, March 15.—
The editor and proprietor .of the San
Juan News, H. H. Bird, was acquitted
to-day in the Arecibo District Court of
the charge of criminally libeling the San
Juan District Court , The prosecutor
asked for two months' imprisonment.
Press in Porto. Rico Is
Decided.
Matter Involving Liberty of the
SAN JUAN EDITOR
DECLARED NOT GUILTY
The body was removed to • the Morgue
and an Inquest was commenced.* An ad
journment was taken until Monday, when
the District Attorney will make a formal
charge against the patricide. The evi
dence . thus far shows that no words
passed between father and son before the
latter fired the fatal shot, and it is likely
that . the younger man was prompted to
kill his sire simply because.the latter had
come home In an intoxicated condition. It
Is intimated that a consultation, was held
up stairs by the mother and her two sons
before the shooting occurred. • The mur
derer Is in the custody of Sheriff Llnville.
Oh opening the front door the young
man saw his father standing on the
porch. Without any wordy preliminary
the son aimed at the father's head and
flred. The elder Jarvt . fell with a moan.
Returning to his room the son proceeded
to dress himself and went to police head
quarters, where he made a full confes-
Bion to Chief Hallock. He was cool and
collected and evidently believed he had
done what was right. He expressed the
belief that his father was dead, but of
ficers who were detailed to visit the scene
of the tragedy found that Jarvi was still
alive. The dying man lay where he had
fallen, the wife and a younger son mak
ing no effort to lend him assistance. The
bullet had penetrated the left eye and
pierced the brain, and two hours after the
shooting Jarvi breathed his last, without
having regained consciousness.
At an early hour this morning Gabriel
Jarvi went home. In the house were Mrs.
Jarvi and her sons, asleep on the
upper floor. Jarvi made an effort to gain
admittance to. the house,, but could not
get in. He continued to hammer, on the
door and finally the elder son went down
.stairs. First, however, he went to his
trunk and got a 32-caJlber revolver.
Father- and son were fishermen. The
elder Jarvi was about 60 years of age. His
fondness for liquor had , often caused
trouble in the household.* It is said of him
that while under the influence of liquor
he. had threatened -the lives / of his. wife
and sons and the patricide shows a scar
on his wrist as the result of an encounter
in which the father had attacked him.
Among the temperate Finns the elder
Jarvi bore an unsavory reputation and
the Finnish colony cheerfully excuses the
awful crime.
ASTORIA, Or., March 15.— Mattson Jar
vl, aged 32, shot and killed his j father,
Gabriel Jarvi, this morning, because the
latter had . come home intoxicated. The
son seems absolutely Indifferent as to the
enormity of his crime, and his mother is
likewise apparently satisfied that he did
his duty. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Murderer's , Mother ' Justifies the
Crime and Neighbors Say the
Victim .Received His
% Deserts.
Meets Him at the Door, and
Sends Bullet Through
His Brain.
Intoxicated.
Deliberately Kills Sire
Who Comes Home
SLAYS HIS
FATHER FOR
INEBRIETY
NEW YORK, : March 15.— General Ben
jamin F. Tracey, 'Secretary of the^Navy
in the Cabinet of .General Benjamin Har-'
rison, was taken suddenly ill .while argu
ing in the Kings County Shrievalty ,^ourt
in Brooklyn. After having /been attended
by a physician general Tracey was driven
-to ' his : home in Manhattan;
General Tracey Taken, HI.
STAKFOHD UNIVERSITY. March 15.—
The annual reunion banquet of. the Cali
fornia and Stanford chapters of the Delta
Upsilon fraternity was held in the Stan
ford chapter house to-night. More than
rtxty members were present. Including
the two chapters, faculty members and
visiting alumni.
DELTA UPSILON MEMBERS ..
ATTEND ANNUAL .BANQUET
SAN DIEGO, March 15.— In the Superior
Court on April 14 there will be a hearing
on the"accounts of Colonel Isaac Trumbo,
•who for some time was receiver of the
Free Gold Mining Company, which owns
the Hedges mines and has been operating
them at great profit for some years.
When the company first, became some
what embarrassed Charles Pauly of this
city was appointed as receiver.but he was
succeeded some time '. ¦ ago by Isaac
Trumbo. After haying been in charge a
little more than a year Trumbo resigned
and Pauly was again named.
'• Though Trumbo's last accounting was
filed with the court last May, he has not
seen fit to petition the court for its al
lowance. • Pending the filing, of this peti
tion a number of persons , whose claims
aggregate $50,000 have been deprived of
their money, and they ask the court that
the accounts of the late. receiver be ap
proved in | order ' that they may get , their
dues." The Standard Oil Company, is one
of the petitioners.
Colonel Trumbo has been" directed to
eppeaMn court on April 14..'.
pany's Former Receiver to Be
Passed Upon.
Accounts of Free G old Mining Com-
COLONEL TRIBIBO CITED
TO APPEAR IN COURT
SAN- JOSE,. Marcn 15.— Sculptor Rupert
Schmid has finished "a model, : life size, of
the statue of McKinley which he will
construct, V to .be erected in St. James
Park. The , model via. 'now? in exhibition.
Work pn.the T statue;will begin next week.
Schmid has recently returned from Wash-,
ington, where he obtained photographs 1 of
the death mask^iand measurements from
Private Secretary Cortelyou.
Model for ; McKinley Statue.
The poolrooms have played an.import
ant part in local politics in the past few
years and stTong. influences have been. at
work to re-establish them here. Chief
Sullivan declares, however, that his'VMicy
will be to enforce the laws. S" fr/ '
Chief of Police Sullivan, when told this
afternoon that pools were being sold, said
that the dealers might defy him. for a few
days, but he would eventually close them
out. The Grand'Jury will meet next w«ek
and It is probable 'that it will institute an
inyestigatlonr : . , ,
SACRAMENTO, March 15.— For several
days past poolsellirig has been; carried on
in defiance of the stringent local ordinance
In rooms over the Columbia Cafe at Sixth
and J streets and In the 1^ rear of Bloom
berg's cigar . store on Seco'nd street. '-At
the . Columbia Cafe ropms t ; a lookout i is
maintained and only those customers who
are .known are admitted. An immense
business has been carried on and yester
day one of the winnings reached $400. ;,The
customary blackboard ¦ has been dispensed
with and the entries and odds appear on
a small slate. HflflBBMflttSBSBlf
Sacramento Gamblers Temporarily
Ignoring a Stringent City Oxdi
s ¦¦ ' - nance. . -
P00LK00MS ABE OPEN
IN DEFIANCE OF LAW
THE SAN FRA^GISCO CAIit., SUISTDAY, MARCH 16, 19U!2.
23
/ - ADYJIBTISEMENTS. . '¦¦ " t .
!G QM
SPECIAL. ° SNAPS SPECIAL !.
Crepe de chene . |^J .J^g SS 1
In all -new shades i very latest color- 1 1
- and black — fine, \A# A d U Ings— also in black ¦ ;-j
silky flnlsh-on sale H WA^!i 7^^'%^^
beginning to-mor- / C\C\T\^ sult lengths to- KJ
row 75c yard Kj\j\j\j^^ % morrow ...-S3.50 t|
O- ¦ O O — : O !j
This is the store to save money on wash goods— if you j j
watch the special sale items from this department you will I
save more than .enough to pay for your trouble. Strong val- } j
ues to-morrow— don't make a selection until you see these I i
lines — For sale at Market-street Store only. ! j
White Wash Goods— |
For confirmation suits— a choice assortment of fine, white lawns, India 1 1
linons, batiste "organdy and fancy satin stripes and neat lace effects, H
plain and dotted Swiss," etc. — any fabric in this lot, commencing to- >j
morrow 13c Yard ra
a Scotch' Wfadras— J|
1 An ideal fabric for surrmer waists and suits — in stripes, plaids and checks
1 i — also in solid shades of blue, pink, old rose, cadet, slate and tan — a 'A
1 fine, washable and fashionable fabric — beginning to-morrow EJ
I ". •. 12Hc Yard [
I English Clay Serge— * H
1 A splendid doth^or summer outing wear — an excellent dust shaker — in [j
P navy blue or a guaranteed fast black— every thread wool and *i
H yarn dyed— full 52 inches wide and "never sold before for less than f]
H 75c— on sale, begin-ning to-morrow 50c Yard H
I Black Silk Alpacas— ¦ H
g Only 20 pieces in this lot of 400 yards — we bought this alpaca from a j-j
M Bradford manufacturer at just half the usual cost-^in order to close lj
I them out they are 'offered to you to-mbrrow at; the same reduction — ¦}
I an extra heavy iron frame weave, full 47 inches wide— a' brilliant, fast H
I black with lustrous silky finish — for traveling dresses, bathing suits, H
I petticoats or shirt waists— a grand dollar cloth on. sale to-morrow.... H
I ........ ..:.. ..." 50c Yard II
I Eclipse Venetian Cloth—
i One of the nicest all-wool cloths for wrappers, shirt waists, children's j'-j
m dresses we have ever seen — comes in 3 shades of red, 3 of new blue, 2"of I j
H old rose, brown, royal, garnet and light and dark oxford gray — full 37 jj
B inches wide and a regular 50c value^ — on sale, beginning to-morrow n
M 35c Yard j'j
I Windsor Cheviot Suitings— |i
P We have secured another lot ofthose great Windsor cheviot suitings 'J
H .which were on sale last week — unfortunately we ran out of them be- H
S fore the week was over — better come to-morrow or early Tuesday if h
H you want to get some of this lot— the shades are light and dark- oxford [•!
H gray> seal and pastel brown, navy blue — -lull 56 inches wide^ — a " fine. El
jfl firm, heavy cloth and just the thing for eton jacke.ts, short skirts and @
M athletic costumes — can be made up without lining and well worth a dol- p
m lar a yard-^-one of the greatest specials this store has ever offered-. .50c ffl
» The above items are for safe at Market-street store only. \A
jj QfZZO'IZZZ'lZZrf MA7?7\ET */^^?^ ts 1i5^?iJ^^»i!L. ij]
?—7=^-—? Strictly Reliable
¦JWfl Dr. Talcott & Co.,
\kg>lM* Practice Confined to
fdy^^K. Contracted and Functional
Ifl Disorders of Men
C O • ¦ . mmmmmm ¦¦— "i^— »i ¦
O ; : n ¦ i ; — q
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO p NTIEE FLOOR OF 22 ROOMS AR-
Varicocele. Contagious Blood Dlsea»e» *-* ranged for prompt and private treat-
and Acute and Chronic Urethral and »ent. Our latest addttlon-Rotary Irrlga-
Prosutlc inflammation, Con.ult.t.oa S?S^^ U £^^£^ 1 2^ I S2-
free and no charte whatever for treat- one-half. Varlcocele permanently cured
meat of any case la which cure ia not In five days by Rapid Vibration. No cut- .
effected. tins or detention from business.
q. _> ¦ -Q : — — — . O
OFFICE H0UE3— 9 a m. ts 6 p m. Colored Chart, interesting for »tniy of Anatomy
Ertnifigi 7 t» 8:33.', cn-daji 10 U 2 oilj. . «f t« Male, sent sealed upon requeit.-
PLone Fdccni 901. ¦BMMBBlMArtHB
• POaTIARD OFFICE— 250 U Alder £t., Cor. Third.
P. L. Ta'cott, M. D. f or Dr. Talcoti; & Co, 997 Market StresS Cor.: SiztL
i primer s. wi
I It is the only medicine we know of that will remove |
I your pain instantly without doing you any harm. It I
I - puts pain out of the body like water puts out fire in the ;
| house. I
|ll Dr. Halpruner's Medicine is a healing and pain r.e-
• [il moving medicine and it ought to be in everybody's
' home all the time foi all the ills that annoy members
I of the household;
]| Don't let the druggists talk you out of it — demand
II the real' j!
Through the solicitation of a friend I was induced to try a
- bottle of- Dry Halpruner's Pain~ Remover, and found it a re- M
markable curative for rheumatic and neuralgia pains. t
- . _ MRS. E. F. KING.. j
I SOI Van Ness Ave., San Francisco. Cal. ' j
If your druggist won't get it for you, send direct to Hal- j
• pruner's Medical Manufacturing Company, 28 California street, |
; San Francisco. Telephone *Bush 463. . |
< A Trial Treatment Free.
All persons interested in Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine t
are invited to' call on Dr. Halpruner any afternoon, except Sat- \ \i
I urdays and Sundays, between the hours of 1 and 4 P- m., and ,;;¦
> {ret'a trial treatment absolutely free, 28 California street. 'J- \ :
. ' MISCELLANEOUS. " - : . .,' - • . : .
PRICE IS THE BEST SALESMAN— The Best illustration of this is when prosDeGtiYe. customers ex>
amine our goods and prices, and after shopping downtown return and make -their purchases here. We 'ap-
preciate th3 compliment. PRICES DO TELL Will uou make a comparison? %B
• > - '-¦--"¦ ¦ .--"."/ "¦" • ' -' ¦.¦-¦¦-.¦ ¦ - ,t. "¦• -..r..'-'." 1 .;', 1 '. -»"l,-.r'T • - ' . ¦¦¦¦'-,
/^JSI?«W and FiniSh. «- . MTKT Fabncord Leather 18 U W 1 0 I II 1 0 •
WIIV8 ¦ Se^^^h^ j ¦ MAWtELa. - 00^! ; iite^
f»i ¦ if W^^^^SS- : . We have an immense ail \mm \}W^m\
ffi*H¥«it61i sawed, finest hard pol- factory dCVOtcd tO Hl3k- -over-why not? It's " 'M ¦ ||(| Bi'jpi AtM} '
&^ MnMf&S&Bss^ ¦ ish finish: top 4 ft. 7 >n. • _ " - ., stufifed with curled hair . • UJt^ I *'vU M#$ !
wide; swell serpentine ing mantels. and has spring e d«e I* UH* F#f }. : 'IF
ftiAl 1 1 ill ffl front: (far handsomer ¦ xtr 11 * 1 j« * <;pat i;-- 1 --- *' l 'm- N f m, i"wi a ' : laks,
ff|Efe^% StllS ) than cut shows). ' (; We Sell mantels direct .^sdid oak frame. ' MlMl l^f ||U' : F t
lipiiiillill r J'l^'fil^r toevstomersandsaveyou fe^wif^i HPMl?fL
'? fi-^'^'^^lli b.l \ mirror, trame nea\u\ j f u l i incs everywhere— UMW Y $'¥ ? l W&
li^^d^S&/9 ( carved, French bevel • the middlemen's profit and see the price! ; - : % ¦ M> 1 ffl vj ! JW ¦
1 glass 42 inches hiKh in- r f . f »lkv i|| ' 1, l
) side the frame, special Write for particulars. Chair, $15.09 hvn% fl ia %\%
ir^&W ik \ March Sale Price..... J V ,- ¦ . ¦ ¦•¦ ¦ _ _ ' ' f I'.JfL ?My SBl F -
-tt v^ i I ' ¦ ¦ m w*^ S& ¦ MM m* ¦"• V^h i if I \yf vy' 1 I sx JJ AV . J5 ifi '
ffl • ¦ :::: -rrnHST^Kr( CUA ' ANTE^ Di TOyi *8i
-vH5 -^s^^ -24$£L- ¦ { LAKrLIp Dl ¦/(¦¦¦ "Make it ourselves. r==^I
Birch Mahogany f^^^^^. ' MAIL ' ] ' |3rT^r*fW\ ; ' ' l|j{?^ :^5^^^J
»3nlC, Vv% ' ¦ '^ \ /Hi^rf ' : rfl^ript*: ran hp co- ) ' iIS-ttf>lw I wPl^-
r<* •< . -. . . \>y ' • \« \ "It?; • '-'QllJclJ) uall JJtJ be ( • jffi? »w\.\fi w w« c • q»
Polish Finish iw * f iPr v> : - lectel at uour own 7 S^\|4|\|l|^ OJC«
Richly and Heavily }% : ]}a \ \ l m< fireside from sam- '|^lll(Cr|' three wings.
f%^-^ {: \ ! • '\ % • pies If uou write us H J af'¥EIL nl * jiil
Carved../ ), yk>. \ ;^Vf for them " 'S«fcSff#8/VsBfeB** Bfc . V frame, with .artis-
, Spr^ig Seat, ReyerSlble {^a^^^S' ' We Sell CarpetS at l^iSSn^^ tic pattern of silkallne'
Yelour or Silk- Tapestro, wtiol^sile prices,- .1^^^; 'W M§^M^M
thick anl soft. f^^S^^S and - H m t ak ? them WW^^$& ?vjTst you 1^ chTnct to
a T^i^i -^ f vT*=n^ t -^^ readu to lay. f*n\ \f:t ~ • ..nn ' Jt. chance to
Eidusively Oar Own Design l.J&ggP^M WE _PAY THE MmSsSm ' w-^Tf T%£
Our Friend- Wlnmncr Price | Nj^aS^l nearest railroad sm ih.f. . m«™ b.,.^
SS.53 Tor $5.00 for |l==s-3=s=3Sg||- nearesUallroaa sta- WeM , it . s a samolc of our
Rocker. . Cbalr. Wjr ¦¦-&./ .PATTfKiFN rn 1 " 1 . ' M ' SBf m«— t. c i n'
i??iJ?!^Z5i!^!*?z3ZiL~~^-^^ ..- fflarcn. bale Prices.
$9 50 : '#^^| \ CARPETS. RIGST^^ «n*t be duplicated for mis money.
For T h! s Service- |^f " VZ^S..^ 25c .^^R B ° X Seat
able Dresser. ||j| h^J... »»?'''!/'" »'1«ng
Golden oak finish: thor-" \£s£52^ )r^"Ti v'" S - 3xl °- 6 $19.50 Li (TU^Z
oughly well made^ hnte -^PSSBE^. D Br U^e™ yd 70C bS'e*! * __ W$M . Uiajr
bevel plate mirror, k^oc &~- ¦¦- ,^^-J^^ { Wilton Velvet Carpets. ?i^- 9 xl0 6... ..." tf\ <~* nor far
trimminKs. K ood locks. @|§^g|H ifjj^ *™ ' 75C A fiu, k gS S '\S>jL*l 3 ¦
In fact, a Dresser Brisks drpei. yd.. „»& ' * L ™ W^^^l
that's practical and sea- 90c.80c.70c.60c SmyrnaRugs f L>i£f A HAS LEATHER SEAT. Best
"worth double our H^**^i ocw p'-tfrn. end coiorVn^ioRu^nd Corp.^ U ¥\ Oak.
s P e Cl al March sale price. {£^~ *" — PATTOSIE f N f always ti i° w fu tt £ese |f . Compare this chair with some
Bargains Up tO the MARCH SALE PRICES H of the chairs they tax you $3
Highest Grades. - break even Pattosien records. and $4 for In 1 ha downtown stores.-
Not Our Best, but It'S a I , Your Choice of Covering. g t g This Bed, Wire
Nice and Tasteful DeSien. ( Guaranteed Construction, and Guaranteed R_JLJ™] | jjj* " r f f • Top
Something Fine. ( Construction means a good deal. 2 TfT m VFl ¦•SSfiJk
/^^ y \ WHEN .WE SAY IT WE MEAN IT. ? I 3>IU.OU_
EXTRA WIDTH-Over,* fee,, covering an y sty.e ve.-
THE BBASS center sJnnort U fr^m 3/ ( Vet velours ' 8 rows dee P tufting. enamel, all sizes, including a eood wo-
to 2 inches thick su PP°rt « from H \ The springs (it's full of them) are of the best steel and ven. wire spring and cotton top mat-
THE HEAVY IBON" FEAME most ) wired together. Our own make. tress, good ticking, com- jjq^qq
sxacefully shaped— so is ALL the iron, and ) The frame is of solid oak, with claw feet. Something spe- at_ — 1 .""i;"j'"' 7
every joint is an added adornment. ) dally good and a big bargain at this price. Bargains 111 DeuS
M£oJ?s* e c °t*,A nn One Immense Floor Devoted Entirely
price... 3>I4.OO. { to Couches and Parlor Furniture. Undoubted " '^iTftVJorthe *.
Divan ( like cut), seat upholstered i n ( I o NVEN^ l^M il'&aft 1 ! Mapfe^r I t ) "^But see the iiiong am-
suk dan-.isk. frames are made ol birch.t ience and i^SS»&«»!^^gt H Oak Desk H 1 ) p7 rn f truc tioii and careful finish
f? ecial, to-morrow, ., Ml0U Sk*" °" I worth | | -' ** ffi'^ST^cU^di
) - : -. '¦ r ' ffa "''V a irrii I*''* '¦*", \lj m e^' SIO 00 P!sU braced modern pattern turning; cas-
But see our better Divans for) a^ e J^ a^ ee fi d Ueii wlth key plates - that '^ ' U ' tors.' _ ,
$15.00, $18. OO, S2O.OO, $25.00.) In fact, a etiarantee bond that means Desk Is 42 inches high, 27 inches wide. Wo repeat: It's the best table In
S35.OO, ?50.00 and ? 75.OO^ '} IupeMIaNGES:^ ° f America for the^oney^^^^
Cop, 16th and Mission. P.^TTOS'lEN' GO« Cor. I6th and Mission.NEW YORK," March 15. — -A sum of
$1 500,000 gold' was deposited- In the Sub-
Treasury to-day for telegraphic transfer
to San Francisco, making total of
$3,500,000* so far deposited in connection
with the" San Francisco ' street-railway
consolidation. „
Immense Money Order Coming Here.
LONDON, March 15.— The movement to
make room for British women in the po
litical and professional fields grows apace,
apparently without much assistance from
the opposite sex; At the annual: meeting
of the Birmingham Society for Promoting
the Election of Women Guardians, a wo
man speaker said: "The only, complaint
we have to make against men is that they
are a little too retiring." Lieutenant Gen
eral Phelps, who was present, somewhat
gallantly replied: V Where -women .are so
capable of doing the work it would be
superfluous for us to Intervene. *
British. Women "Demand Recognition.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Philip Phenesy. "Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12.. War with Spain—
Charlwood F. Deresser, San Diego, ?6.
Increase— David F. Gray, Hollister, $12;
John Burns, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$6; John ,W. McCrumb, San Diego, }10;
John L. Somerby, Los Angeles, $24. Mex
ican war— Morris Butler, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, 512.
Oregon— Original— Samuel T. Bunch,
Klondike, $6.. Widow-Olive A. Richards,
Marshfield, * $8.
Washington— Widow— Alice Ferrler, Lit
tle Falls, $8.
Army orders announce that Brigadier
General Robert . P. Hughes is relieved
from duty in this city and ordered to the
command of the Department of Califor
nia.' Captain George T. Holloway, pay
master, will proceed from San Francisco
to New York for duty -there. Captain
William J. S. Stewart, assistant surgeon,
is ordered with troops sent from, the De
partment of the East to San Francisco
and will be assigned upon his arrival
there to duty on a Government transport
when a vacancy occurs.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
• and More New Pensions
Granted.^ r
WASHINGTON.' March 15.— The Post
office . Department to-day announced the
following:
Postoffice established—California—Cau
tion, Trinity County, Anna. Willburn
Postmistress. - Postmasters commissioned
—California— William C. Gregg. Tuol
umne; Washington — Torger Petersen,
Tanwax. Appointed— Washington— F. J.
Pingry, Ehlrich, Skagit County," vice F.
O. Ehlrich, resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Minor followred the reading with a state
ment denour^ing the article as absolute
ly and unqualifiedly false. Never by -act,
word, deed or Intimation, he said, had the
Speaker attempted to change Minor's po
sition relative to the • Cuban question.
Speaker Henderson added that so far as
the article referred to him, the averments
made by Minor were absolutely true, as
there was not a word or shadow of truth
in any statement made in it. Immediately
following this incident the House, at 3:30
p. m., adjourned. .
Minor of Wisconsin then* rose to a ques
tion of personal privilege. He sent to
the clerk's desk and had read a Washing
ton dispatch in a Cincinnati newspaper to
the effect that he. Minor, had changed his
position on the shipping bill and on the
Cuban tariff questions because of the
Speaker's - intention to. advance a local
revenue cutter measure in which Wiscon
sin is Interested. -
The House then went into committee of
the whole and entered upon the considera
tion of private pension bills. A message
from the President was received return
ing the bill restoring Edward Kirschner
to the navy, for technical correction.
Richardson said that while he would
have preferred, the reports called for in
his original resolution, he would be satis
fied with the substitute if it elicited the
facts, as he was assured it would. The
resolution was adopted without division.
Parker explained that the reports were
necessarily confidential anfl contained, in
many cases, freely expressed opinions,
which' it. might be unwise to make public.
AH Congress desired or was entitled to,
he said, was the facts.
AVhen the House met Parker of New
Jersey reported back from the Commit
tee on Military Affairs the resolution In
troduced by Richardson, the Democratic
leader,, a few ; days ago, calling upon the
Secretary of War for the reports of cer
tain army officers who examined into the
transport service between San Francisco
and Manila, with a recommendation that
a substitute be adopted which calls for
the j facts relative to this transport ser
vice instead of the reports.- .,
Late in the day Minor of Wisconsin,
rising to a question of personal privilege,
denounced a published statement regard
ing 'the Speaker and himself as false.
Speaker Henderson also stated. that there
was not a shadow of truth in the article.
Earlier, in _ the "day a resolution ' was
adopted calling upon j the War Depart
ment for information concerning the Gov
ernment transport , service Detween San
Francisco and the Philippines.
March 15.— The House
devoted to-day to private j pension bills,
passing 229 bills and clearing the calen
dar. This is the largest number of pen
sion bills ever' passed . by the House at
one session. i " ' ' ''¦ ¦ ¦
Demand Is Made for In
formation About Trans
port Service.
Clearing 6? Calendar
an Extraordinary
Achievement/
HOUSE HURRIES
PENSION BILLS
SALINAS, March 15.-Judge George "W.
Roadhouse, for more than twenty years
a Justice of the Peace of Monterey
County, was found unconscious on the
floor of his office last night. 'He Is par
alyzed and death may come at any hour.
Judge Soadhouse iDying.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.— Military
and. naval circles here have been greatly
excited by rumors to the effect that mis
understandings between Russia and Japan
led 'recently to an exchange of sharp
notes. The rumors, however, are quite
unfounded. - :
Russia and Japan Harmonious.
Toneka "Joints" Close Doors.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 15.— In com
pliance with an order of Chief of Police
Donovan, who it is said is acting upon
the advice of Mayor Parker, nearly all of
the " "joints" closed their places at noon
to-day. This action was decided upon at
a conference held last evening between
Mayor Parker, Chief of Police Donovan
and City Attorney Speyer. It Is said the
Mayor also intends to proceed against the
drugstores where liquor is sold Illegally.
Fire in Furniture Store.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.-Fire which
started in the Louden, & Overell furniture
store on Spring street last night caused
a loss of about $20,000. The flames started
in a -pile of upholstered chairs in the
rear of the store and quickly spread to
the main building, the upper stories of
which were used as lodgings. All of the
roomers ''escaped with the loss of their
personal effects. . ¦ . . . ;¦
BUTTE, Mont., March 15.— A special to
the Miner from Helena says \ the ; Nipper
Consolidated Copper % Company { organized
in the : State of j New York to-dayj filed "its
articles of incorporation " with ,the '¦, Secre
tary of State of Montana. 'The' amount' of
capital stock is given as $3,750,000. '; The in
corporatojs and directors are: Stanley
Glfford; A. P. Hei'nze and \ Richard- S.
Haxvey, all of New York. . . '- ¦ \{
Nearly Four Millions the Capital.
Dr. Paulsow, the prominent, librarian,
attacks the proposed duty on, books as
aimed chiefly against the United
and England... The bill : provides 7 for a
duty of SO marks per 100 kilos on bound
books.' jj I>r. Paulsow ' asserts '¦' that " /, the
American and' English book trade ; seems
almost ¦ exclusively bound ' books, and
that, therefore, ; books ln^ the English' laiir
guage are 'hit "hardest->. He .^assails,' the
statement made by • Count. Posadowski-
Wehrner in the Reichstag that the export
trade ,. in I German ; books f to' the 'United
States \ had suffered von | account ; of, ' the
American duty, which he declared'is'im
possible because .no- duty, is • Imposed on
books printed In, foreign languages. v • .'
Herr Wiegand, director general of • the
North German Lloyd Company,- gave an
interview,; to-day which is ¦ calculated to
allay the fears of the public lest the
North German Lloyd : and 1 the Hamburg-
American companies - become -American
ized. He assured his interviewers that he
had found among- New. York capitalists
that they had neverj had the slightest "in
tention of acquiring the lines. He also
said he ascertained ' In New York that
very few shares ' ot. the North. German
Lloyd Company were, held; there. -He de
clares that if the American and English
steamship lines form a. trust the German
steamship companies will not - taks part
In it. - ,-. .V. ; • ,. .'¦ \ •;¦..
The Russian emigrants, according to the
requirements, must have a pass, a steamer
ticket to an American port -and $100 : in
Eioney. Austrian emigrants must be sim
ilarly provided, except for the pass. ' They
must also present a certificate from the
examining agents of the companies.' -,'
The Government has - laid the emigra
tion report for 1901 before the ¦ Reichstag.
It shows that German emigrants | for the
year numbered 22,073, the ' smallest ; num
ber for many years. '¦¦ . Of these ¦emigrants
15,516 wenf to the United States." ,; The
province of Posen contributed the heav
iest : emigration. ' ; "
BERLIN, March 15.— The North Ger
man Lloyd and Hamburg- American
Steamship companies have had so much
experience in returning emigrants from
the Unit ed States who have been exclud
ed tinder the American immigration laws
that they have now entered into an agree
ment with the Prussian railway officers
•under" which the. latter agree " to refuse
transportation to persons from ; Austria
and Russia who fail to meet certain re
quirements.
Atlantic Steamship Com
panies Introduce a ' ; ; •
New System.
BAN JUAN, Porto ', Rico, "March. 15.—"
Governor. Hunt, and hi % party, who have
been visiting coast towns of the island,
returned 'to-day ¦ by ' from
Guayama. The Governor expresses him
self as delighted with his trip and as be
ing _ particularly gratified with the excel
lent spirit of the people and the generous,
enthusiastic reception accorded the party.
Everywhere the party stopped banquets,
balls and other entertainments were given
in their- honor. The Governor says he
did not see many idle persons. He also
says the crop of -sugar in the island is
heavy .and the coffee crop satisfactory,
and that in another year these crops will
reach a normal condition. New tobacco
fields are visible on all sides.
The; health of the people is good, the
Governor says, and the inhabitants ap
pear: more thlrfty than at any time in
the past.
The main impression gained by Gov
ernor Hunt is that the responsibilities of
government are better appreciated. It is
wonderful, he says, what appreciation
there -is now among the people of the
.tremendous power to . make their own
laws. Less bitterness is shown in indi
vidual politics. The ! Governor says the
largest • cities of the island will shortly
float bonds, and are approaching the
questions of municipal improvement with
intelligence and caution. . - •
j "Progress," says Governor Hunt, "is the
best word with which- to sum up the isl
and's condition— progress In "education,
commerce, agriculture, health and satis
faction." .
Farewell Sermon, to "Bluecoats."
LONDON,. March I 15.— The Bishop of
London, the Right Rev. Arthur Ingram,
will preach' a farewell sermon to-morrow
to the "picturesque blue-coat boys," who,
after the Easter vacation, will leave the
ancient Christ's Hospital in the heart of
,the city -and go to 'new- quarters in the
country, the opening 'of which' King Ed
ward is expected to attend. The ab
sence, of the bareheaded, skirted. boys In
the London streets, where they have been
familiar for centuries, will mark one' of
those many changes . which :are now ' so
rapidly doing. aV?ay with old London. * 7
Early Trial for. Campbell.
RED BLUFF, March 15.— James Camp
bell,, who is charged with the murder of
Constable ( J. H. Delaney of Vina, was
taken before Superior Judge Ellison this
morning and entered a plea of not guilty.
His' trial, was set for April 14/ Confine
ment and remorse have tended' to shatter
Campbell's nerves and It, is fortunate that
the will have an early trial.
Governor Hunt Pleased
With His Recent
M Tour. .
PORTO RICANS
MAKE PROGRESS
RENO, March 15.— A duel was fought in
Purdy this morning at 10:30 o'clock with
rifles j at 'short range, and both . contest
ants are dead. The quarrel was over a
trifle— a bit of ground worth no more
than ! the powder . the fighters burned in
killing, each other.
.The principals in, the duel were A. A.
Smith and Reese : Evans. ¦ The former was
commonly known as "Brundage" Smith
and lived in the country north Of Reno
for "many .years. -He was a well-known
character. The other duelist was a mere
bby, a son of the late David Evans, who
once: kept the Antelope 'station.
For .the past year the two had been
quarreling over; a little strip of ground.
Fences' were torn down and re-erected.
The quarrel culminated this morning,
when .Evans •'.' went ; to . Smith's cabin,
armed with a Winchester. Smith had a
similar weapon, and after a brief dispute'
both began shooting.
Each man is said to have emptied the
magazine in' his rifle. "• Although they were
at close range nearly all the shots went,
wild. These probably were the ones fired
after the men were fir"st wounded.
.Smith was; shot twice through the body
and had one arm shattered. He lived only,
a few minutes. Evans received a ball
through his left lung. Word was sent lo
Reno and • Drs. Woods and Lewis went
out; Evans had lost so 1 much blood that
it was impossible to bring him to town.
He; died at 9:30 o'clock to-night.
Both of .the fighters were well known in.
Reno and each had a number of friends. N
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Empty the In" Their
; Weapons Before They Yield to
• " the Effects of Their
Wounds.
Two Men Speed Rifle Bullet's
at Each Other at Short %
Range.
RAISE THE BARS
ON IMMIGRANTS
There was a little flurry * this morning
among the striking 'men when, upon: re
turning to their old offices,, they found
that at present their services -were not
required. ;, The men rushed back, to , their
headquarters and for a. while Indulged' In
debate, but the counsel of leaders j pre- ;
vailed and the men decided to be patient. |
The day closed with a feeling of relief i
that the worst was over and that Mon- j
day would see a general resumption of j
business. .' -;¦..' i
The lumber yards, however,' continued
closed, 'and those old men who .sought
their places found themselves locked out.
Th~e dealers, however, announced that the
yards would open again Monday and that
pearly ail the men will be taken back in
accordance with the Governor's sugges
tion. '. . T' .
This was also acceptable to the labor
organizations, and this afternoon the men
began to report for duty. The fact that
the general teamsters were at work made
it imperative that the railroads J should
complete their laboring forces, as a great
amount of merchandise is now being col
lected all over the city and hauled .to the
freighthouses. All the coal teamsters
were at work again to-day, as well as
the piano-movers and the woolhandlers.
The work of reinstatement) which,
through the efforts of the Governor, be
gan yesterday, continued td-day.'but in a
greater degree.' Of the • 800 men of tfcc
.Bostor. and -Maine ..road, who strurtt
Wednesday, 750 were offered their^ old" po
sitions by President 'Tuttle this morning,
and • he also stated that the remainder
would be taken care of in a short time.
The same disposition was shown at the
licston and Albany offices, where ar
rangements were made to take back, the
eld men at their former wages and at the
same Ume have their work in no way con
flict with the new men, who 'are all non
union.
"The strike condition continues to im
prove. The coal people are working, with
few exceptions. The Clyde Steamship
Company will take back all its men as
soon as the ships arrive. One is expected
to-morrow. \ The Metropolitan Steamship
Company has fifty-four of their men : at
wcrk and will take many, more later.
Nine-tenths of the general teamsters are
at work." . • '. * ;
To add to the general satisfaction over
the labor situation in Boston came the,
word late this afternoon that another
labor war in the mills of Fall IttveV had
been averted, so that the week closed
with something like peace in the old Bay
State. ¦'¦ . : . ¦-¦-.¦
Much to the satisfaction of the business
community, freight began, to move to-day
end much work was accomplished 1 in re
lieving the congestion of freight at' the
different distributing points. The State
Board of Arbitration at 3 p. m. issued the
following statement:. .
BOSTON, March 15.— The labor . situa
tion in this city, after a' week of agita
tion and anxiety, is gradually assuming
a normal condition and at the close of
business to-day the great majority of the
freight handlers, teamsters and express
men who Joined, out of sympathy the
strike of the freight handlers of the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
on Wednesday and Thursday had returned
to work. As ' '. announced r by? Governor
Crane just before leaving the State House
to-night, the disposition of all parties is
to allow a reasonable time. to adjust mat
ters, and in th"e" meantime to be patient.
.Tragedy.
vadans Results in
Trivial^ Quarrel of Ne-^
Governor Advises Delay That
Adjustment May Be ,
-, . Complete. , ;
Boston Employers Are
Pleased at Close of
the Strike.
WAR OF LABOR
NEAR ITS END
FIGHT DUEL
AND DEATH
FINDS BOTH
¦¦-.; 1 ¦ . V,, ¦...-.' c- .'¦:¦¦.'. 5- •. .¦ •; ::¦'•¦- % ¦ -. ¦ . ;...;. • ¦ ¦ ' - • ¦ . . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, IVLARCH 16, 1902.
24
Ask Your Furnisher For Them
h ¦ — _^^__ — ' I
OEO.P. IDE & CO. I
MrfrT SHIRTS> C0LURS r^^"
<ZtA£y AND CUFfS. QJM^T^ I
patented adjustable suspender attachnent. . H
1 *^^ !• *^3 •*™umH8H*BMBIiHiii'JWiWtf l^Si fl If yOU flrc inccrc5tcu ||
¦ '^^w^^^S^f^G^ )&BBS&BlmP i see this series of
A»j^S^^SiyH^^JiK*^3^^S^5aK]Mj!JH « in three heights us 'y.
'\\£^Ss^£eSij^SSS3ju^SfsG^m^^B M shown in cut. i
GEO. P. IDE & CO. Makers! 1
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH
516-518 MARKET STREET I
SAN FRANCISCO |
¦ •-¦••• - ¦¦ - ¦ •••- •_ ?
— — -^—1— -__Z ,^^^ -.juimmimaiijijL ¦¦
jgB^^^^ Advanced Methods
mMr \ Distinctively My Own
v<MM /^^*W * n t^ le treatmcnt of men's diseases I employ
K«5m . -y Vi original methods that fifteen years of careful
)J\X*^|> " study and practice have developed. They
have proven supremely effective. Like results
V^iSpiW^ have been attained by no other forms of treat-
j^^^N$§«g|& ment. The cures accomplished mark them as
J methods superior to those now common to
S \ A^^^V^. e Profession. In the treatment of some cases
V\ /W. . ' .-^j\ \ my procedure is radically different from the
I V^^ 2^? ordinary. In other cases it is but partially
\\r£^ \ different, but in every instance I can justly
. vWtkJ claim originality and distinctiveness. I men-
, • tion this because thousands of men have em-
o '^;i?d? n^S;iatf;t. D * pi°^ d v f.f ou5 •?«»!«• a^ d 1 . 1 hav 1 f b « n
— J treated alike and disappointed alike by each,,
i I cure Contracted Diseases thoroughly \U &,7\lbTl&SS
and in less time than is qommonly re- . • , T-*
I quired to even cure partially. Do not v'..,., -»-\ , - '
1 endanger your health and power by re- I I have conclusively demonstrated th» fact
Ilvirur upon patent nostrums .or other that derangement of th« masculine func-
uncertaln measures. ' 1 tions 13 a curative ailment. By the closest
r* ' Q observation in thousands of cases I have
** s . . ascertained that only In rare instances Is
q *J the nervous system or'greneral constitution
My treatment for Specific Blood Poison i . involved ¦ to any noticeable degfe« what-
forcea the very last taint of virus from I ever, and that weakness in all Its phases
the system, and all this is accomplished I Is merely a symptom of local disorder. In
•without the use of dangerous minerals. I • by, far the greater number of cases I find
I afford you a complete and permanent I the condition entirely due "to a stats of ln-
' cure In sixty days. . 1 flammatlon or congestion in the prostate
r» '. \j gland, or at some other vital point of the
• . .. n -- organic system, brought on by early dlisi-
p O pation or lingering as a result of some con-
My treatment for Varicocele Is unlike tracted disorder. Such cases may show
that employed by any other physician. temporary improvement under stimulating
-t positively cure this disease In one processes of treatment, but ultimata rel&pss
week by an absolutely painless method and injury are certain to follow all such
and without detaining the patient from methods. The only radical cure is the ab-
" business. ' . , - . . solute . removal of the abnormal condition
Q. — O responsible for the functional disorder, and
'V£- v vF- < .- ¦-» tnIa ' accomplish through carefully dl-
O . O rected local measures. My treatment Is en-
My pamphlet entitled "Live All Tour tirely distinctive and original No other
Years a .Man", is interesting and in- physician employs like methods nor ao-
structive, and will be mailed free upon proaches my success in curing I The results
application. . Consultation and advice I obtain are thorough and lasting and
free at office or by, mail. . . strength and rigor are restored in the full
C ¦ . , O and normal degree.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN; 1049 Market St.
Diagonally! Opposite Hibernia Bank.
= STERLING FUDNITUDE==
Didn't know I could afford it
Is the exclamation of many a deliprhted customer on learning ( Our prices.
Yes our prices and our credit terms are the easiest m ; town! ' •
' When everybody knows this and can't forget it, we'll stop talking
about it. ,-/.' : ' » ; :
AA> were rather short on KsJBawinnuiyi.1 ,, J. ;:.7,-^ r :'U.. rtft j—<iS^i^fa
portieres— different story VQ$HSB^^^^BS*9>3Bgtiml/Bll^ ¦
Wo know the r.ew line Is •„ . j '. Bj^ffl '. , ~ [ • I
the handsomest ever shown I r I \ e£;r3||l ! ' ' ,
to the prices— -what do you Jj% Z&>
th MlADRAS m pOBTIEBES. _\ &jffi& M'WST'-'^'
tan ground, with brown ano --^y - Yy//?2 w^^S^Sa^
pold cross stripes. 3 yards <±ZS^~ Js&&/^*+&r^*iW5iB^
long. 46 inches wide.. &'J. '2?> "_ Gt&Jr^ZZ..
A score or more • of new « = * I I 1 .
Oriental patterns and Roman .' ' 1 ' '
stripes, 3 yards Ions, 4S
S 5 pe? e pa i nished on both ¦ • Solid OaK Extension Tables ;
:. ... . .Ju\n6 to $3..-iO six-loot extension .$10.00
\\ e hang: them tree or - ¦ , ¦ tl , nn
charge in San Francisco, or Eijjbt-Ioot extension . .^12.0U
Oakland, or Alameda, or The column Is seven Inches In diameter. ¦ The
Berkeley. top is & inches across. These- table? are not
.. perfect; the leaves are warped and we could
; *m^&£r£3i^£-~3F sa \ not sell them as flrst-class tables; consequently
• they -have been taking up room in the ware-
= g^--^ J ='"- v ?* house — room that we need.
< g^^ « 8 i» it*~^ "We will have the worst one at the store to
I^^^^^g^^^^g Pi promise you a better table than the sample
Wa;=^^Lr!^ Sil • S That's why the prices are S1O and S12 in-
pS'j -Z-, ~* © fOf i] stead of $16 and S18. :
jg$ "^ ¦! 20,000 Yards of Matting
&djtj - tt s~ - u Japan 'se linen- warp matting that came from
«Es- fas s • * S'vl Kobe, Japan, on the steamship America Maru..
S|i>^' ¦/"?/ v Yard 20c, 25c. «Oc
MS ! " ~ ' " SEAMLESS, REVERSIBLE MATTING.
in»4. : — ~Z-z— r-- <^^^=^~^ i Thick as a board! Jn 20 or 40 yard rolls — ._...
m i JSHBife-X • New Axininster Rvgs..
'-^i ' ~? — ~yQ -^ *~\ Woven In one piece without seams, 9x12 ft.
l£31 ! - ' ' ' «^» ! New coloring's, some have solid color centers of
NC? I «» *v „ Robln's-egg Blue or Old Rose, with contrasting
• R^[ \ y\*sS-^----- : -\ borders.
l£c^ : jg4SJmaau,i, J '^^7 T I v To pay more than 75c a yard, for Sanford's
*| . JlUp- }' 1 Tapestry Brussels Carpet, when you can get it
i«i'V - at that price?
* That's our price for it— we sell It on time
m ... ». at that Price— as much as you want of It.
Chiffonier $5.50 ~ ~~
100 Piece Dinner Sets $9.93 &jpfy7^ ,.'..' .'.'''.'. ' .'
' paid for your Richmond. '¦>¦?•-*; * : — "
\ Takes a pretty prood range «* xr »im_- i> tl* »* ••• J ? c«.j
to back up that kind of a Do You ThmK This Magnificent Sidc-
puarantee. « jtt> i= • «
So.oo down and si.oo board Is Too Expensive for
and lots of them are sold for ~~~~1 YOUT PllTSe ?
cash - / \ A few dollars a month and it's yours.
/ / It is all made of quarter sawed oak— the
2T ' i very richest, and polished like a mirror.
\ Tn e top is 56 inches wide.
'^S / The beveled mirror Is 20x46 Inches and
rr <23ff ~ \ almost half an Inch thick.
fAfc^'ggiTS^gw'fk il / Notice the bold relief carving. Although
if ffa ircTS tS \ the picture is accurate it only gives a
il I "¦"¦. IWJ!1L . P \ hint at the real beauty of the sideboard.
H 1 il rHP^Tfli ) Vl ' ni credit help you to buy it? You're
l| IVX, |l I \ welcome to it! Price SCO-
; Last Thursday
Vhi Y i in i rc\ W i \ A carload of metal beds from Miller,
i III ! 1 1 1 llll^Pi w\- Hal1 & Sons - chica e°-
i wiiwiLjjSftfBmBm [Y\\\ Last Friday
j I iil) if I <*7}~f ' ¦®k'i'\ A carload of metal beds from the
U ' I ' I i I //f^-'y'^iaSk Grand Rapids Metal Bedstead Co.,
__ _/. ,^_W^^r^tL Grand Rapids, Mich.
I ¦¦P^f\>\ Last Saturday
• pS^SSF- £ J f % \\ A carload of metal beds from Kimball
ipi "i i" '-ftgjE? — - ~ / • *?. & Chapelle, Chicag-o.
Jit C&§£s2?~-' / I' ) "^* e "»' ant J' 0 " to come In and see the
s f^f handsomest display of metal beds you
\\i-*l*^*-'~ 6C.\ ' have ever seen in your life.
*' j z-\ "1 ."t r-K-»» *'. » ' We want you to visit our
1 —*• - * r-l-i * *_ A FOUR-ROOM COTTAGE IN ANNEX:
-~.— : « .» «««,,„ «r-^- "* Se€ how Prettily, how completely you
SOLID OAK BOOKc ASE *S.0j can furnish four rooms for 4ittle money.
It has a. solid back and the Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley people
shelv« aad sides areatt£hed by .f^LJ^E^l %^^Lt e^ eTy Ot thelr
binges. A neat bit of caning fin- p^ apro^ thtt t*a V
f o^^:^3.gg AJ'm ACR0S3 THB BA^
STERLING Furniture Company
1&39 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTEC.
Would you like to exert a strinse and mapric po-sror or«r others! Do you
desire to possess mi accomplishment by which you can make both fun and
I money! If so, you should become a Hypnotist. You can now master this
' •wonderful, mysterious and fascinating science free of all cost at your own
home. By a lew hours' study you can learn all about the secrets, methods,
uses and wonders of the hypnotic trance. You can surprise and mystiry all
yourf riends by placing any one you wish under this weird and masic spell, and
'compel them to Bee, think, feel, and act precisely as yon .wish. - You can
sway the minds of others, perform the most wonderful and astounding feats,
arid create fun and amusement for hours at a time. You can do a thousand
amazing things that other people cannot do, and make yourself famous in a
week's time. If you want to mate money, you can do ro by giving entertain-
ments, curing dUease, or teaching the art to others. These are three sure and
, easy ways to win a fortune. Why be poorf v w hy work for other*, when you
. can master this money-making professiqjCso easily? ¦ Inrestigate mow. --It
costs nothing to nnd out all about it. Professor Hwraden, the world-renowned Hypnotist, has issued a
large and elegant FREE BOOK,.entltled, "A Key to the Mysteries of Hypnotism." and anybody can jfet a
copy °" " without one cent of cost, merely for the asking.' Simply send for it by letter or postal, and it
will be sent you free and prepaid by return mail. It is the most beautiful, interesting and valuable book
ever published. It contains hundreds of beautiful pictures and is a marvel of elegance and splendor
ine cover is a gem of art, and the printing and .other features are simply perfect. Best of all, this
charming book tells you just how to become a hypnotist. Every secret and mystery is here ex- «- ¦
plained in the simplest language, and you are amazed to find that you can master all these powers Wk ¦
yourself and wield the subtle forces of mind as well as any operator in the land. You are '^r^w • l£9
also shown how you may- heal the sick, relieve pain, cure bad habits, pivo sleep to the. " f Tfflffl6ss3jH
restless and comfort to the sorrowing. And for yourself, as this free Book shows, you ¦ * "wBgCi 1
can win promotion, social and business standing, increase ¦ • ¦ jb£W$b|
of trade, the influence, 'friendship or love you most <J& /rtfc *» iro^P
< h'^ ' lnBhor t. all that is needed to make you —JU$r,~ii9 l W tn\^ - ESS9 ; I
ricn. esteemed, and happy as long as life lasts. : This '<?E@*««//i PyR\ ¦ Baal
book also treats fully on Personal Magnetism, Magnetic ttJftSW^ mfZl*stK=ay¥fi 'ffljL waP
Healing and kindred subjects, and how to curt yourself . • MW3BB~*l2&&\> X><K£ i' <JF$v£ US*
or any pain, ache or disease. In spite of its great value B^vAAl 'tHv"vBak vcr \H*S&Si! B^K "
and precious contents, this book is free to you— free as *&%'%!/^SSJ^'/fc-O*!^^* 1
any gift ever held out by a generous hand. There is no fE&y&X'Y .^JSg^^Vl — JSiS&ffrSi K*
cost, no charge whatever. Simply write for it, and it MyW/i\ A-5 , Kv\*Oh^*P^J Kl
6 " 111 ?""* mail, charges paid.- Don't send any M$£M&X&1 W^^^W^f ' P
?5?n iV' no 61 " a fta mp . bu t send your nam e and address jn \)KtMSSm^W^\ B, '
TODAY, and learn how to win health, wealth and fame. VMiJF&S&iW W ¦jfrWt$1&W%A m
Prof. L.A: HARRADEN, Dept. H, Jackson, Mich.^TTgJPf"?? rT ''/ 6 _J^I
[j We invite those who 1
|! look, for qvL^iity tro* |
i inspect" p\xf i
or Sell type&s
I Jr%- ET1C&9BI U8 Lkay pL {Tola f
i in the night- the passing i of the swift and luxurious ;]
j California Limited I
I gleaming with Its peal electric lights. = It races from .1
| San francisco to Chicago In three days \\
P * A|| ?h ft f *
Ci I I^^B m. II I 9 S fl iggf Mi I ifiif mw I"In San Francisco, he egged the strikers
on almost to the point of rio^and murder
he kept fanning the strike when he knew
it was lost: he twisted and distorted docu
ments of the gentle Leo into approval of
acts of cowardly cruelty; he blackguarded
all employers in this State in the language
of the slums; he crowned as heroes men
who in gangs were breaking the wrists of
helpless men with iron bars; he spat vile
languaga at the Polico Commissioners
because they dared interfere to protect
life and property; he incited strikers to
oppose the officers of the law and to
break the peace, all the time the labor
"Let any man point to a single deed
from this priest that ln any way has en
hanced the cause of labor or has benefited
the workingman. ,
"What has he ever done?
1 Ihe laboring classes of this State never
had a stancher friend than the. Bee has
been through father and through boiis.
It has fought their battles for forty-five
years unceasingly, and was the pioneer
of many laws ln their interests, to any
of which the worklngmen owe far more
than they do to Rev. Peter C." Yorke.
"But this paper has. never hesitated and
never will hesitate, in the face of any
and all opposition and threats, to battle
with all its vigor agrainst the infamous
doctrines put forth by such 'labor lead
ers' as Peter C. Yorke-doctrlnes shame
lessly un-American and as anarchistic as
any promulgated during the Reign of
Terror.
"Peter C. Yorke has done so much for
labor! '
"Who will not knuckle down to Peter C.
Yorke is in his eyes all that is vilely ir
religious. And any one who refuses to
see ln this man cither a Peter the Hermit
to the working classes or even a bene
factor to the cause of union labor is an
emeny to the tollers, a hireling af capital.
"The true friend to labor Is not tho man
nor the Journal that Is continually pat
ting it on the back, no matter Into what
errjrs and wrongs It may be led by hot
headed or unscrupulous leaders. The rcai
friend of labor is the man or the Journal
that refuses to tell labor it is right when
It is eminently wrong; when it Is com
mitting art injustice.
"As with religion, so with the cause of
labor.
"Days before that attack' on Maguire
was delivered 250,000 copies of it had been
piintcd and stacked up, ready to bo
mailed. Days before Father Yorke
harangued for Henry T. Gage, when he
had been asked to speak in Christ's name
for Christ's poor, agents and employed
of the Republican State Central Commit
tc-o had addresses prepared, so that that
abusive talk could be scattered broadcast
among the Catholics of California immc
ately after its delivery.
"Bah! A contempt for Peter C. Yorke
almost argues a respect for religion.
"And the insult was premeditated and
carefully planned on the part of Rev. Pe
ter C." Yorke and those in whose interest
he was working.
"He waited until a few days before elec
tion and used the occasion of a charity
entertainment for Father King's church
In Oakland to deliver a political speec*
appealing to Catholics throughout Call
fornia to support Henry T. Gage and
knife James G. Maguire. No more con
temptible act was ever committed by any
luan ln this State. It was an insult to the
S<x>d priest who had asked Father Yorke
to speak in the name of charity— a good
I.riest who had never anticipated that any
honorable man, any -gentleman, would
take advantage of such an occasion to
deliver a blackguardly political harangue*
agajnst a man whom Peter C. Yorke could
not dominate. It was 'an insult to every
parishioner in that parish.
"It was at this time particularly that
Rev. Yorke demonstrated his 'respect for
religion" by articles against the Protestant
clergy as\ vulgarty blackguardly as any
thing thaHias ever appeared in print ln
this State.
'•And how did Peter C. Yorke vent his
•ipleen upon James G. Maguire? ;.
"And Rev. Yorke's objection was that
Protestantism was in charge of the Sea
men's Home!
been allowed for a score of years, Dr.
Clinton absolutely refused.
A. Miller, 341 Clementina street, secured
a warrant from Judge Cabanlss yester
day for the arrest of Robert Shenson, his
son-in-law, on a charge of perjury. It 13
alleged in the complaint that on Septem
ber 26 last Shenson upplled for a license
to marry Miller's daughter Ida, giving
his age as over 21 years, whereas ho lacked
Fix months of being 21. He also swore
there were no objections to the issuance
cf the license, wherea9 Miller alleges
there were serious objections. I
Mrs. Shenson has already applied for a
divorce on the ground of cruelty. After
the marriage tho young couple lived at
8.12 Folsom street. A few weeks ngo Shen
pon hnd Miller and his son arrested for
tattery, but tho cases were dismissed by
Swearing He Was Twenty-
One Years of Age.
Troubles of Robert Shenson tor
SUED FOR DIVORCE AND
WANTED FOR PERJURY
Never before has there been such a de
votion to Mohammedanism as in India nt
this time under British rule.
Moron's Case Continued.
The case of Thomas Mqran, convicted of
the murder of George W. Rice, the non
union machinist, at Twentieth and How
ard streets on October 11, was called ln
Judge Lawlor'8 court yesterday. It was
expected that the Judge would render hla
decision on the motion for a new trial,
but it was reserved till March 21, when
judgment' will be rendered on this and
Himllar motions ln the cases of William
Buckley and Charles Donnelly, also con
victed of Rice's murder.
Judge Cabanlsa. Shenson'a father is a
liquor dealer at 1021 Folsom street, and he '
was also opposed to the marriage. Th»
young man is a clerk ln his father's store
and receives a salary of $7 50 per week.
The divorce suit Is pending before Judgo
Hebbard.
CHARLES McCLATCHY PAYS HIS
RESPECTS TO REV. P. C. YORKE
Sensational Controversy Which Is Exciting Political
and Clerical Circles. -
THE SAX^FRANqiSCO/ CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, 1902.
Ootrnsllily unilrr tlti mnnaRoincnt of tho.
locnl prloMtluiuil, by it vory «il«v«r trick Dnnltil
Kdvuno, rocoffnlstil evorywhem us thtt CJov
•.rnor'H I'liiiii'loiitiHl (milt Ion I wiirkrr, «.it tho
rtitK» niiiiiii«fiiii<rii Into his own hands. He
wrotx out Hi" list or via* pri'Dlriants whn'Mt
on tliA itmtn— (hit nolyirn tn leather VorU«,
iik they in tu it ( l»0 fiillnl-iiiitl lia led the
flaoucurN In tha pur,
Although tll« I'lli'i' Of •lillhlHslrili WAI |l,
tlcketM wi'in illnlrlhiltril liinnliK lltiliili innn nt
is." cents tiu'ii In order to Insuro tholr iilttnd*
"What caused Rev. I'eter C. Yorke to
become hlmnelf again mh a natural black
guard wjih this In tho Bee of February
19:
Hn iihi-.i thn occasion of a charitable Incturo
In the Interest of * llttla church In Hurra
nn-iitu to proselyte for Henry T. Claxe. Under
prvti-PKO of ilnllvarlns mi address on "Tho
Itliihtx of Uiiinr," he workod up a plnn for
ilif luliortnu rinwN to Hiim.l by dm man In
whoHo lnt.ii'Hi ho Is intv.'lliiK throughout th«
Mnlf.
"And now to tho original offense.
leaders were cautioning: prudence and
moderation.
"Where is that strike to-day?
"Where are the strikers?
"Curses and not blessing-s are the mes
sages that come, flocking- from the homes,
of the poor of San Francisco to Peter C.
Yorke, and those curses will grow and
multiply as the months roll on.
"No man who made ethers cripples for
life in that strike in San Francisco— and
many were so made — no man who com
mitted murders— and some murders were
committed— are any more guilty o£ those
crimes in the eyes of God than is Rev.
Peter C. Yorko himself. For, if he did
not at times almost' counsel the com
mission of such crimes, he never at any
time nor under any circumstances, either
aB priest or as citizen, reproved those
deeds, or used of and concerning them any
languago that wus not that of at least
palliation if not commendation.
"And if any man wero condemned to
death for the crlnio of murder committed
during that Btrlke, he could conscientious
ly say In the very shadow of the gallows:
'The tirlest tempted mo and I did strike. 1 "
"His offense was that when Rev. Peter
C. Yorke virtually ordered him— as a
member of the Board of Supervisors or
Fan Francisco— to vote against an appro
priation for the Seamen's Home. that had
"The trouble with Yorke Is that ho con
founda himself bb a priest with tho creed
he disgraces. J-J ** cannot understand that
his religion la iniuitrd by his acts a* Its
minister, and not by the criticism of those
acts by a man who respects that religion
nono the l««a becauae bo despises Peter C.
Yorke all the more."
"Although the writer will not nay nugM
further for himself, hn will not stund
idly by and llatcn to Insulin thrown by
this prlftot upon James II. linrry.
"Harry !¦ editor of tho Hun Francisco
Star, aa bravo and knightly n gentleman
an ever kept himself poor while doing
deeds of m^rcy and genoroxlty to other*,
ll" Is an Kplscopajlan. But long before
1'iiT C. Yorko uiirn-d one syllable In
t-i.tt; Francisco against the Infamous A.
P. A. organization Jim Harry denounced
It in hla usual fearless style— tho only
journalist In Ban Francisco who dared
beard that un-American nocloty In Its
lair. And to-day the Catholics of Him
Francisco owe Barry a debt of nrralltudo
a dozen times over that which they owe
or ever will owe Peter C. Yorke— a man
who has used them and It trying again to
use them as political puppets In his hands
to serve his own ends.
"How has the Catholic debt to Barry,
been paid?
"When Barry was a candidate to Con-;
gress— a position he neither sought nor
particularly cared for— Peter C. Yorko ls-
KUed circulars which were distributed
from Catholic houso to Catholic house, the
object being to prevail upon the members
of that creed in Barry's district to voto
against him. Not only that, but he or
ganized Catholic women whom he could
control into proselyting bands against
Barry and In the interest of Julius Kahn,
a man who was never known to utter one
word against the A. P. A. or any other
organization— no matter how infamous—
?hat carried a vote.
"And why?
"Because James H. Barry would not at
the -behest of this politician-priest knife
James G. Magulre, a life-long personal
friend to Barry and head of the ticket I
"And what was Yorke's enmity to Ma
cruire ?
"Because Maguire would not throw Dr.
Clinton from his advisory board when
.Yorke demanded it.
"And what was the matter with Dr.'
Clinton— by the way a, better Catholic
than Yorke, even If he has not taken
boly orders? '
p^rr^ HE literature of controversy tn
II this State is being enriched by a
] I series of articles now being con
iJL tributed by two men whose prom
inence tn California makes the [
battle, in which each has chosen the other [
his antagonist, one of deep interest, not
only to political and clerical circles, but to
the community at large. The Rev. Peter
C. Yorke and Charles K. McClatchy. the
editor of the Evening Bee of Sacramento,
have locked horns. On the 12th InsL, un
der the heading of "The Genesis of Rev
erend Peter C. Yorke — Likewise Some of
His Revelations," McClatchy wrote as fol
lows:
"The ¦writer feels it a duty to apologize
to the readers for the publication in yes
terday's Bee of a lengthy and very vul
gar personal attack by Rev. Peter C
Yorke. and promises the offense shall not
be repeated in these columns. The object
of that and a similar publication was to
ehow to any misguided person who still
ha* faith in this man that his only argu
ment against those who dare to criticize
his autocratic assumption of supreme
apostolic, pontifical, magisterial, fatherly
and brotherly authority is a shower of
Mllingisjrau- adjective* nnd a torrent of
mud: that his sole, though extended, re
ply to i.ny man who doubts his good
tast* in throwing aside the cloak of Christ
to don the toga for Henry T. Gage is a
stream of vulgar languace that might b«
the envy of u liarbary Coanter, but cer
tainly should bring the blush of shama
to the check of a man who professes to
be a priest of God. k
"Peter C. Yorke has grown no u«ed to
forging the Authority of the Pope and the
church to <Jerd« that give tho lie to the
r< '..'¦'.<• fi'ivit-f of the ont and ar« a.dia
gram tn the other that he cannot r«ntraln ;
his paanlon* when any one has tho temer
ity to stand tn tho path of this black'
guard liedouln of tha priesthood, thin
wandering Arab In holy orders, who dis
torts and curblca encyclical letters to null
his own political purpoMrn, und who pro
l»MfN to talk rx-cathrdra for I>o XIII
ftftrr Archbishop niorrtan baa utrlppcd
him of tho authority even of chancellor
of the dloccne. Mr has grown so used to
bavins; people humbly nubmlt as h« rldrs
rough-shod ovrr their llberttm, not' only
of r )'<¦'•' h but of thought ns well, that he
eplaahes laud like a cracy bull whenever
"Note the difference! Then he conducted
the Monitor in his usual nasty style. Now
his name Is never permitted to bo men
tioned in its columns.
"Upon only one personal point of attack
In the vulgar onslaught has he a word to
say: He has never at any time nor under
any circumstances Insulted any religion
or any minister thereof. He has treated
every religion with courtesy and respect.
And that is far more than Peter C. Yorke
can say for himself. The latter has never
publicly uttered one decent word of any
religion save his own or of any minister
not a professor of the Catholic creed. On
the contrary, his language concerning any
other faith or any minister denying alle
giance to the Pope has been such as
would not be tolerated in any decent
home. When he was editor of the' Monitor
the phrases that paper applied to th« cler
gymen of all religions save the Catholic
were vulgarly offensive. They were eo en
tirely uncalled for, so obnoxious, in fact,
that scores of the best Catholics in this
and In other cities refused to subscribe to
the Monitor because of Yorke's scurrilous
blackguardism.
he is opposed in the slightest. It is high
time he should learn that a blackguard
In the pulpit, a Simon Legree of the
cloth, is entitled to even less respect than
a blackguard of the slums. A few salu
tary lessons in this line delivered by men
who have nothing but contempt for min
isters who respect neither themselves nor
their calling might have a reducing- ef
fect on a head that imagines Itself a
Savonarola of the West.
"As to the muck. -Ossa-on-Pelion piled
by Yorke" on the devoted 'head ' or~ trie
writer. It is not worth noticing. In the
eyes of all decent and self-respecting men
eucb a weapon Is a boomerang that in
jures the thrower far more than the'tar
get. .The undersigned will not lower him
self to the level of Peter C. Yorke. He
could no,t If he. would, and he would not
If he could. ¦. ;--'-
SACRAMENTO EDITOR WHOSE
CRITICISM OF REV. P. C. YORKE
• HAS CREATED A SENSATION.
"There's < your money,' and for pity's
sake don't let the neighbors geton,";sald
O'Brien.'as he went back to bed to re
sume his sleep. i^l&iP
O'Brien , left : the . window • for a moment
and returned again after making a touch
on his trousers'. pocket. -\ . . . ..
¦ "Hush,, not ¦. so ..loud," . whispered the
colonel; "or the neighbors will hear you.
How much is it?"
¦ "Twenty-eight dollars," replied the dep
uty."-.. .. : i; ¦'.{ ¦¦¦.'/ ' "..' ..•¦
- *,'No," replied Deputy Warren, "we sim
ply woke. you up to tell you that twelve
of f-your sand teams -, are In 'custody for
non-payment of licenses and your drivers
will be locked up unless! you pay up."
' "For goodness sake," said O'Brien, put
ting his head out of ; a window, "what's
the matter? Is the house on fire?"
Deputy License Collectors Warren and
Elf endel. swooped down on the sand
wagons belonging to Contractor James H.
O'Brien early yesterday morning and
placed twelve drivers under arrest pend
ing the collection of licenses on the
wagons, which had not been paid for this
year. Mt»ls customary to notify license
payers or their delinquency, and with
that 'object in 'view Colonel O'Brien was
routed out of bed about 5 a. m. .
He Begs Them Not to Let
Neighbors Know.
Deputies Confiscate His Wagons ami
CONTRACTOR O'BRIEN
HAD TO PAY LICENSE
"Tho truth romalm that Peter C. Yorko
t'l.nui to Suarum«nto In tho intercut of
Henry T, Giigu; that lm delivered hero it
lecture which was ii literary t nhell gtimo
played upon Catholic* und union men;
that Muld shtill game wus nono too adroit
ly iniiiinjti'il by ono Dnnlol Kovuno, repre
senting, Governor Honry T. Ougo: that
union men went beguiled them at ono
quarter rate* or on frco tlcketm and that
when tlm crowd wus thero— Dnnlol Ku
viino doing tho cnpplng nnd cliippliig —
Potor.C. Yorko exhibited tho shell game,
nhowlng Henry T. Oago undur tho shell
where the audlonco hud paid— or somo of
them had—to see 'The Itlghts of Labor.'
"Vale. Reverend Peter C, Yorke I
"'An ounce of civet, good apothecaryl'
ii "C K."
. "As to tho batch of 200 tlckots, Rov. Pe
ter C. Yorke probably knows tho truth of
that himself by thin time. That will not
likely change hlH uuhscqucnt denials, how
over. His public conduct In the past year
amply demonstrates that he can separate
himself from facts with ja.fi absolute disre
gard of the Cathollo canon ugulnst di
vorce. '-V. /»
"Tickets were distributed among union
men for 25 cents. each. Not only that,
but many tickets were passed around free
by a person known to tho writer and evi
dently acting In the Interest of the State
administration.
"Daniel Kevane did make out the list of
vice presidents. He was acting for Henry
T. Gage when he did bo, and he personally
asked parties to let him write in tholr
names,
"There is positive evidence at hand to
substantiate every assertion made, an'l
the writer herewith takes particular
pleasure In repeating them all.
"Every statement therein contained -was
and Is true in each and every particular.
And even then the half has not been told.
"Not so, Peter: not so,
It may be said that every statement which
The Bee makes about /the lecture Itself, and
about the events which preceded, accompanied
and followed It, Is a plain and malicious false
hood. • • ''-'¦¦>>•¦
anc* and even' beyond that one party circu
lated 200 tickets, fearing the lecture would not
be a success In numbers.
And It would not have been, save for those
strenuous and discriminating methods.
"Of this Statement Rev. Peter. C. Yorke
says: •
25
* JOE ROSENBERG'S. "- | ; -JOE ROSENBEBG'S. " | JOE BOSEUBEBG'S. -: '.][:'. JOE BOSEUBEBG'S.
I 'K^f^\yp^' oney spent here is well
More than even exchange -for your money this week.
I ' ¦¦ Money back if goods are not satisfactory.
Jr —^^^^W^^ra? e Manufacture Our Own Sale of Corsets. OverstocKed.
*Cl—- -"" Flannelette Goods Here's a sale that will immediate- Being Heavily Slocked in $1.50 Skirls,
Pg * j ii a a * ly interest throngs of women. The And having sold all our regular $1.00
i 111$^ A l d conse( l uentl y ."» ;. affor J . *° tame of our corset department has ff > g? s ; o w < f 1 h < % e cut the price of the
m «aSH»- sell, more reasonable than others aBd . llea / Mld this sale «£ *1 81 - 00 ' They are made of best
W :-.... wno naust pay a middleman s pront. _ m .. winf-riail-ir to it* fin* renu- vA fast-black Italian cloth.
(Will Place OH Sale Monday Here is a sample of manufacturer's hav^ eve^y and S^ ' ' J*g5 -Tn^^ordTo^
A sample line of vests. Eve'ry LAKES' SKIRTS made of best dual-" sh f* e for «?* or ""» S ** : : HStJK a f$L
one knows what it means when Joe ity flannelette, solid colors, yoke band prices much lower than elsewhere. I CgE2j9b faced with best quality
Rosenberg' places a drummer's sam- of bcpt Quality heavy muslin, .loop _ - l ' „,. crinoline. Money well
BBiioBXB pia^cs auiummers sam efght . lnch flounce . colors pink, blue F a t DpodIp Made Thin s P en t in a skirt of this
pie line on sale. They are made some and cream: You couldn't buy materials - t ai FCOpiC ITiauc AUIU. klnd 81.00
of best quality all silk, others best for what we ask for skirt....! 45c For stout women we have the cele- • •»„...««. —
American silk, and some siik and Ladies' Underwear K&ntJKPSSt c SSf Y . < ffil " Jt Patnck's Day Baraams.
wool. All are samples, no two LaOICS l/nacrwear. . reaks ln , thla corae t within tbTree j^^&^f^Q^MJ***^
alike, and each marked a's sample J^\^ values ' • months we replace it wjanewcog FETA .WgBONj^ tachg wide.^he best
should be at less than manuf actui- . kind » fulle st assortments, at low- quality Italian cloth, boned £°» da y bargain. I2%c FREE-Rlb-
ers' cost. Some are slightly soiled, est P^ces, can always be found \^ throughout with^best bon bows, tied by experts. y .-^
others perfect. If you a?e in need of - here ' , This week we have quite . u tempered steely short, medium S fel Ilcm frQm q^ Lcathcr
anv be the early bird. Amone- them few excellent values awaiting you. UU|\\ best corset made for stout r /•«««!• Tl/»«»»*^««t
*ny oe tne eanyoira. Among them FmsT _T ADIES . white SKIRTS women, as it la almost impos-. GOOOS Department.
TAmF5 , ¦¦ »ad? S 5 %S IE §uamy HI ™t WelShS W, !"JV^ io wrt^boVd tSfft LADIES' WRIST BAGS, made of good
LADIES' VESTS. lov/ muslin, with deep 10-inch flounce tucked VJT'O. ?£?J t& « °iE?,™^L*5 ***& Suede, block bottom, riveted steel
fc£\ neck, no sleeves, made of nn d hemstitched, flounce of fine quality A \\ give «? thX n^Tt^. &£l% £5 frame, strong steel wrist chain. New-
\?7, - Am . e rlcan silk, lace effect; lawn, extra dust ruffle, full length, /\ »' n ° ne °* l^® llg ? te r'5°I 1^ est and swellest things ln pursea. Inex-
/»* I^Siliit; $& SnHIdS any other corset. Our price .82^5 m fc.^fc ,
f'/WM\ also ladies' veIts; Sw, . '. -¦ £?SS T S&Tuv^Slifp 6 Ovr Challenge Corset for Fit nYouBvyaPvrscThhWccKtoSavc
and Wear." Money.
nunlltv rrnoViot «nir -o^m, »sc^*'D\ wasnaDie i«ce, arm size- -rj. j_ _ rn\rT?T\r i ttav ponrpi"
lnr $<>nn v»1i,p nnw wnw ii f " fit$£=& \ and neck finished with It ia made of best quality French tJvyi* * a £i -PTrR^Vnrnh^ tTi«^h-
lar $2.00 value, now selling as samples /1^\\ lace. Well, made and cloth, bias cut, hand-sored, rust-proof, £°OK^and PURSE combined It Is mad«
• • -08c neatly finished. Can't be straight-front steel, low sloping bust, g "Ll ou t^ iellsewed Thevcomalnali
A~~1U~~ -» n A M, M ' M V^TV/ equaled anywhere in top bound with satin ribbon, which **££? ThiTiii Jf^S ?thJt^w ms^L ii
AnOlner and Aiany More. ; I X town. Only... ..50c looks neater and is more durable than £? lo 5S- h«*.fP°, n w 5
LADIES' VESTS, best quality Amer- THIRD-LA- ; -_,-— _^ lf o c « trimming. Regular $1.50 value^ « ?o S6 'Z'ey c *
lean silk, low neck, no sleeves, crocheted DIES' DRAW- «, *^ f\ SX.OO Your money-saving opportunity; $1.50
edge of silk drawn through with silk ERS, made of V, <j / \ tu:« n««-U TUt-mJIm. Tim* pocket-book now 05c
tape. Best value money can buy. Only best quality sofc /T^-x.// \ lftlll PeODlC JYiaaC Tat. TiNFVBnmTwiKTfl
• Mi;, \\\oac\\aA I rnnalln / K^^Z> : ' xOv LiAJJlJliO OXilKl WAISTS
•"¦ ¦¦•" ¦"••• • — • 30C deep flolnc^ wi h * / ¦ Evstlmprover— Latest and Best— &Q made of very best Quality
We Will Also Add to This Sale ft* **£&™ti L^!^£ ' the melba, : . . Jc ; SSTwJftSipTSii TS?
A case of VESTS and^ PANTS ordered laceS Lace and ' /«%S^. *«v Is made of best mercer- ' fi[l( HiA front, plain French
by us for our fall trade, but only just i n n e r t 1 on br-st i«toi^ffisft**^v »zcd Fateen ami Is bon^l wflftW.) /^^"t^u^Xf^ 1 ,, 80 " ? uf [;
received, so rather than have us return linen finish. Cut >S^S^5i«rt«A <H$b • with feather-bone, which is fa ."8 y K ,,T, Mt S , P n qu % ?, toc *
them the manufacturer allowed us a lib- wide and full. 5^ lSp HRht In weight nnd health- [ / with butterfly- tlo of linen,
eral <llscount, so we will place them on Time and money v^ .J\jr ¦ ful , It j a made j n one plece , L 1 * A new, up-to-date, tailor-
Bale Monday at prices that speak for wasted if you go 1&$F\ extends under the arms and a made waist for 81.50
themselves. elsewhere. 'Note our price :...30c V*yiH \. is fastened by means of a Sale O'Farr ell-street Entrance.
LADIES' VESTS, made of good Peru- I ' 'n/rfh. \ Btrap which comes over _ •_ •.. _ _„
Jfe^in'STni.Wl.A'f'warS'rSSS 'Special Values in .Hosiery. \m\ n ?\«l^:AT. Eml «* ld f*SL ? l ?**
gpeclal : ;..... ace .-f\/tfl* cotton, high spliced '< \ showing where It begins or ,«a WE BOUGHT THEM
On Exhibition O'Farrell-st. Windows. *.•*,%!$£ K w^ran^eii th^st MA S-?O°C^ E D A VnSf5§:
Cln^ina Ollt Umhrolln iv - lit black, new ribbod ortect. full length. l^ffieT TL'REn, who, on finding
UlO5in3 UUl VmOreiia .MOCK. very elastic. Sold olue where as bargHins Jiocf Dfillar GloVC in Town A^*\ hlmaelt overstocked, was
fr UMBRELLAS ALL RE- at 33c. Our way of eelllng .....25c " Sl -° „ «'^? ™ T !? Wn ' fi&U A wlll i ns to 8el Ur htle hls
Sv DUCED MORE THAN ANOTHFR-LADIKS* HOSE made of >g?t THE SOROSIS-It is made . P^iT^Jk goods were still In «ea-
WK ONE-HALF vorv Jst millftv XX Enclish thread 1^^* nt best P Ickcd lambskin. y^kfrT" 3^ son. and get the ready
**^ THIS IS AN EXAM- ' In uhlo hlu nnd to« coSd fast black t/fit^ P^ ue scwn - " parls Polnt " / r^BrtW money he waa ln need of.
LAS PLEOF LOW SELLING funLreth eStra eTastic No other 2fe FuP^' stitched back, two clasp,, in H^^S We bought his entlr©
Li^ UMBRELLls. made of hese can %ual this and It excels most VlL* rt » shades ; a n nd Equal line at a s llberal discount.
V %VerZ* fe|"fi°i' £ ° C "° Se - ° Ur SmaU Pr ° flt PrlCC - -*" W OurTrlc?:". *^?.«l!00 and sheer. 0^- Sg!?S
f' good fast' black, natural Our HnnHlfprf hip? Dpnnrfmont whI' WASTE TIME AND MONEY . foundations of muslin, with openwork
»' wood handles.? Our little UU " nanaNerCniei lieparimeni when we c , can gloyea tQ lQ0k llke . new pattern in floral or scroll designs, with
profit price ..;...... .,...35c LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS made for 5c, with our new Dry Process? good, strong buttonhole edge.
_., . >^ _ ... , of best quality lawn, neatly hem- !¦¦'¦-' • i , lnc^ es w ,'? e C
Ribbons al a Sacrifice. . £"**««-^"5. f to?? h Si^no 1^" 1 -^ - Han* Ornaments. S«
ALL-SILK .TAFFETA. RIBBON, war- LADIES' SIDE COMBS, best quality IW^t FffLV^* B^lrT
ranted all silk 4^ inches wide, colors best auallty all linen, hemstitched, with Italian shell, highly polished, curved so ftCWCSl ElleCt ID HUCKleS.
cerise, green, lavender, . navy, brown initials Former price of as to set well. into the shape of the __ „„.„. - ,, -TO . *
and^ purple. Sold formerly for ate: well finished teeth; wWth 20c. fi^^^ J% French meOTn new
Tn exhVbVtVo'nVn o'Far^Vll^rVet^how for ' 75c now lOe oxidized effect,
~ indows - mr nnOrilDCDO 816 MARKET STREET, cof«, t r. wl fi.hfo < Sed the i5
Special S*le Of Velvet Ribbon. JUt nUuLnOLUU Running through to It Orarrelt. "^^ foUwIi'sYorXif-
-NStw^r&na^pilce^^c^ecS- Mailorders Sollcitei. '^^PHELAN BUILDING. , or figure design,; alfone $SE:..'g$i
ADVEBTISBMENTB. ,, ''''fj
CURES WEAKJVIEN FREE.
Insures Love and- a Happy Honx«
for All.
liow nny man may quickly cure himself tfter
>•<•« rM of Huffcrlns from »exunl weakness, lo»t
vitality, nleht losses, varlcocel*. «t 0 .. an d ei.-
lurga small, weak organs to full sice and vigor.
Blrnply «cnd your, numo and address to l>r. ;
Knnpp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building. Detroit
Mich., un& they will gladly, send the free re-
ceipt with full -.direction* so any man., may-
easily cure himself at home. This ii certainly
a most generous offer, and i the following, ex-
tract* taken from, their dally mall, show what
men think of their generosity. ,
• "Dear Blrs: Please accept my, sincere thank*'
for yours of • recent date. I have given your>
treatment a thorough test and the benefit ha«
been extraordinary. -; It has ¦ completely bracod!
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a. buy
and you cannot realize now happy i am" .
. . rDear Sirs: Your' method' worked beiutl-"'
fully. Results were exactly 'what I needed.*
Strength and vigor, have - completely returned
and enlargement Is entirely, satisfactory.".-
VDear Sirs: Yours- was received and I^had
no trouble In making use of the receipt as dl '
rected.and can truthfully, say It la a; boon to.
weak men. ; I am greatly ' Improved- ln size >
strength and vigor.". , . -,,,';
All correspondence is strictly confidential
mailed In- plain/ sealed envelope. The receipt 1 '
1b free for the asking and they want every man
to have It. . -' : . '.,..., •
8 ad way's
Pills
¦ Purely ( vegetable, nuia -¦ and ; reliable. . • Cause*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity."- ¦. ,, ,-'¦. .¦ '.,¦•.
For the cure of all disorders of the. Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. ¦ Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir- '
regularities. Sick J Headache. -Biliousness, Con-"
etlpatlon, Files and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At. Druggists., or
by mall. ; RADWAY & CO.. New York. '
. GRAPE-NUTS.
TOOK THE HINT.
Friend Told Him to Change His Food
i " '
' ' One© In a while one can serve a friend
and win a llfe-lonz obligation by a little
food advice. This Is worth while. "Very
thankful I was to a friend for his advice
when he told 'me about Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food at the time I was suffer-
ing. My stomach trouble originally
came from neglect of colds which caused
c&tarrh of the stomach, then followed
mifccry from dyspepsia, headache, loss of
vitality and flesh. .
Last August a frlc-nd in discussing my
health said If I would change my food
and take Grape-Nuts Instead of any
other food or medicine for one week he
would guarantee that I would be greatly
Improved and feel like a new man.
"He wat so positive that I concluded to
try it and, as I said, I am exceedingly
thankful to him. In a week's time I lost
the heavy, dead feeling ln my head, nau-
sea had ceased and the action of my gen-
eral system had greatly improved.-
"I have stuck fast to Grape-Nuts. Now
I weigh nine pounds more and am stead-
ily improving. Grape-Nuts has a most
exhilarating effect on the system 1 and
makes one feel bright and alive, as
though they were well nourished as a
healthy man should be.
.' "The price of Grape-Nuts is within
'. reach of all, but I consider it worth its
weight in gold." John Haywood, 3931
Asptn street, Philadelphia, Pa. .
AD VERTISEMElfrTS.
ABOUT CAfARRFcUREsT
The Reason Why Inhlers and Local
Applications Are Useless.
For many year* catarrh van considered to
be a local dlieeatse nnd waa treated entirely ],,•
local remedle*. Halves, ointment*, powders,
¦prays and lnhulem. und nearly all of tlie.Ho
iruve a, temporary relief, but a genuine perma-
nent curu waa very rare.
It Ii true tho most nnnoylnir nymtitonu, like
Ktoi>pnije of tho none and throtit trouble hn»
purely local, but they aro nlmply nymiitomi and
tho real «eat of disease Is for removed •<
Catarrh U a conittltutlonal 'dlioane., .'» 'blood
dlnorder. complicated usually with disease * of
tho liver, nnd to auppose that, local applications
of sprays, powder*. Inhalers.' could ever reach
tho real cause of tho trouble Is ridiculous.
The sensible and successful treatment" Is to
removo the caterrhal poison from tho aystcm
by regulating the liver and purifying; tho blood
and this can only be done by an Internal rem-
edy, which should consist of antiseptics and
remedies to act vigorously on the blood and
liver. ' ¦ . -v.
The bent preparation of this kind which fills
all the requirement* of a safe ¦ constitutional
treatment Is Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, com-
posed of Dlood Hoot, Red Gum and similar
wholesome antiseptics, which - are absolutely
safe to take Into the stomach and which act
upon the liver, stomach and mucous mem-
brane. . • '
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are large pleasant
tasting lozenges, to be slowly dissolved ln the
mouth, thus reaching the mucous membrane
and wind-pipe and finally reaching the stom-
ach. -
, Dr. ' Edmondson. In speaking of -the new
treatment for catarrh, says : "I. have accom-
plished, the most satisfactory results in' all
forms of catarrh of the head, throat, bronchial
tubes, as well as catarrh of the stomach and
liver, by using nothing else but Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets., I long since threw aside sprays
and Inhalers as being Inconvenient and at the
best mero temporary make-shifts.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets act Immediately
•upon the liver and blood, nnd clear. the; wholo
system of catarrhal poison. They are, pleasant
and very convenient to use. and they are not
only the "latest, but ¦¦ I belieVe them to be " the
: best and certainly the safest treatment for any
form of .catarrh.".' ..-'¦''¦ . • -•.--¦,/-
', All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets"
'at 60 cts. for full: sized package. ¦:'>. ¦"
A little book- on cause and cure of Catarrh
mailed free by addressing the F.'A. Stuart Co
Marshall, lllch. •
I Friedman g F urn rtu£e_
I a couch, by night,
I By reason of our having many -
I duplicate styles, a chance for O hpM
1 you to economize in an article
| ' 'needed in home and lodging. No suspicion of a
I .bed in the looks of a bed couch. This one is cov-
I ered with bright velour, has solid oak frame, and
I easily opens and adjusts for a double bed — JO QQ
I 22 50 R(»d fnilfh Oriental velour, tufted, spring edge, |C PA
I "v';> ' DGU-UJUUl eon dola shape, full spring mattress I D.DU
1 25 flfl Rprf fnnrh An elegant couch, a comfortable bed. 'ID 'CA
| o.uu oea toncn Tufted top> a varlety of velour coyen | o.OU
| A 15.00 Spring Edge, Velour Covered Couch for 9.75
H And many other reductions for you in both plain and bed couches.
I "TheCredit Ho.useViSixStorieajHisK.
I v^235-237'Posf Street v Phone'Priyate Cx 3fThomas Carrigan and Otto Ratto
robbed the chicken-house of Mrs. Jane
Gray on Plymouth "street , at an early
hour -yesterday morning. Officers Dass
man and Herve saw. them and placed
them under arrest on a charge of bur
glary. .. ¦
Caught Stealing Chickens.
President .William Haas of the Mount
Zlon Hospital received $5000 yesterday
from Miss Kazle Schwabachan and Mrs.
A. L. Ehrman, children o£ the late Louis
Schwabacher, to "establish a. bed in the
hospital in honor of the memory of their
father. The bed will be installed on the
anniversary of the birthday of Mr. Schwa
bacher, which occurs on the 25th inst.
Honor Father's Memory.
cf the service, and further that the board
of organization and location has organ
ised and located as many companies as
are authorized by law. It Is expected
that there will be considerable talking
before the recently organized body is at
tached to the First Infantry.
SACRAMENTO, March 15.— Governor
Gage to-day reversed the decision of the
late Adjutant General W. H. Seamans,
In which the latter denied the application
of First Lieutenant Edward D. Finley to
be placed on the retired list with the rank
of first lieutenant. The Governor holds
that under section 1973 (A) of the present
code Finley's application should be grant
ed. Finley Is first lieutenant of Battery
D, First Battalion Artillery, stationed at
San Francisco.
EVANGELIST WHO WILL CON
DUCT SERIES OF MEETINGS
IN METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
so numerous and pressing that he. gave
up his regular charge and devoted his en
tire time to evangelical work. He visited
California in 1894, and again in 1S95, in
company with Charles M. Crittenton,
preaching with wonderful results in San
Francisco, Oakland, Stockton. Sacramen
to, Los Angeles and other places. In Jan
uary, 1901. he paid a brief visit to Los An
geles and held , a 6erics • of . meetings at
Peniel \ Hall, but was prevented by en
gagements in the East from extending
his visit to. San Francisco. His present
visit has been. pending. for several years.
•ty-^y EV. B. CARRADINE, the noted
I j\ evangelist," after an absence of
j\jr^ many years, has returned to San
il^k Francisco and will conduct a se
ries of meetings, commencing
Sunday afternoon, March, 23,- at 2:30'
o'clock," at- Metropolitan .Temple. H« : ex
pects to remain here until April 1. , Dur
ing- his stay he will preach In Metropoli-'
tan Temple every evening at 7:30 o'clock
and at 2:30 o'clock on each- Sunday after-,
noon. The week-day morning services
will be conducted at the Pcniel Mission/
40 Third street, at 10 o'clock each morn-'
inc. '.',"-'-
Dr. Carradlne has come to the coast at
the instance of the managers of the Pe
nlel Missions. He Is now preaching at
Sacramento. After his visit here he ¦will J
go to Los Angeles. Rev. Dr. Carradlne Is.
regarded' as one of the most noted' and
eloquent preachers in the country. and. the
demand for his services Is such that he
will not be likely to return to California
for many years. He Is a native of Missis-,'
slppi and began preaching at the age of
26. After a pastorate at the Methodist!
Episcopal Church at Vicksburg, MIm,, he.
V7tnt to the Carondelet-street Church in '
New Orleans and thence to the Centenary
Churchjof St. Louis. There his great;
power as a gospel preacher became more ,'
manifest. In one 'series of meetings 300 "
people were converted and 750 taken into
the church.
In 1S33 the calls Tor his services became ¦.
Course for Stenographers.
The Gregg Shorthand Society held Its
monthly meeting last evening and had a
very Instructive programme. A course in
American literature was planned as part
of its future work.
Morris Santos, a teamster, while haul
ing sand at Fourteenth avenue and P
street, south, yesterday, lost his balance
and fell In front of his wagon. Both
wheels . passed over his back. He was
taken to the City and County Hospital
for treatment In addition to a serious
injury to his spine he suffered Internal in
juries. Santos . came to San Francisco
from San Leandro during the late strike
and secured employment as a driver.
Injured by His Team.
J. Hansen, representing - the Deseret
News, Salt Lake City; R. Lowry, The
Tribune; Dr. and Mrs. Wright, Dr. and
Mrs. Stookey, Dr. and Mrs. Stauffer,
Joseph E. Taylor, Mrs. and the Misses
Taylor, C. V. Anderson, editor Vlvuken;
Professor Boshard, Professor Wilford
Hinchcliffe, Professor Hagbert Anderson,
Elder Beauman and Mrs. Smith, wife of
President Joseph F. Smith of the Mormon
church. '." • ¦'*
Monday wlll.be devoted by the visitors
to a ride to the .Cliff House and Ocean
Beach; Tuesday they are Invited to Oak
land and Berkeley by Professor Benjamin
Ide Wheeler and will be entertained by
him at the University of California, when
the choir will sing for the edification of
the students; Wednesday the entire party
will go on an excursion on the Southern
Pacific's boat Oakland round the bay, the
general public havlns the privilege to join
them on the excursion; Thursday the
party leaves for Pacific Grove and will
give a concert at Stanford University and
a short visit will be made to San Jose
Saturday, when the Journey will bo re
sumed to Sacramento, where the Mayor
has arranged a hospitable reception. Mon-
Jay the Tabernacle choir will reach Salt
Lake City: Among, those who accom
panied the Tabernacle choir are:
Will Enjoy Outing.
Among the prominent soloists of the
tabernacle choir who will be heard to-day
are Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward and
Luella Ferrin, sopranos; Mabel Cooper
and Judith Anderson, contraltos; Fred
Graham, tenor, and John Robinson, bary
tone. In addition there will be thirty
tenors, forty-five sopranos, thirty-five
contraltos and thirty-five bassos.
The choir had looksd forward to singing
at Golden Gate Park with the park band,
but as that organization of musicians has
disbanded the idea had to be given up.
The services at Metropolitan Tempi©
¦will be conducted by Dr. J. E. Talmage,
one of the speakers -of- the Mormon
church, and the two organists of tho
famous Tabernacle at Salt Lake iClty, J.
J. McClellan and Joseph J. Daynes, will
preside at the organ.
Had It been possible for even half the
members of the tabernacle choir to ac
company him there would have been sev
eral concerts given in the State, but as It
is the 150 voices, certainly a goodly num
ber, will be heard in the city only at Met
ropolitan Temple at .10 o'clock this morn
ing and "at 8 o'clock, this evening at re
ligious services. . -
All Could Not Come.
A part of the church choir of the Mor
mon Tabernacle, numbering 150, together
with 400 friends, Mormons and people of
other denominations, from Utah,, Idaho
and Wyoming, arrived on special South
ern Pacific trains last evening. They ar
rived several hours late but In the best
of spirits and all delighted to set their
feet firmly on California soil, for It has
been a long-looked-for pleasure to make
the trip to this city. To Professor Evan
Stephens, who for many years has direct
ed the choir and brought it to its present
numerical strength, is due the tour of the
choristers, and if he had had his way the
whole 550 members, the biggest church
choir in the world, would have been on
the train under his guidance.
The visit Is solely due to the admiration
Professor Stephens holds for the State of
California. He loves every Inch of the
ground, and for that reason he made up
his party,, planned the tour and as
sured 1 those who had never before visited
the State that there was nothing ! more
beautiful in the world to see.
Will Raise Voices in Hymns
at Metropolitan
Temple.
Scores of Famous Chor
isters Sent by Mor
mon Tabernacle.
MANY SINGERS
COME TO CITY
Mrs. Rosalie llcniquc, aged 70 years, re-
Bldlng at IJ03 avenue,\ was
: knocked down'at the Junction of Powell
and Market streets* yesterday afternoon
"; by a wagon driven by Fred Saeler, a car
1-penter, residing at 609 Octavla street. Po
¦ lice. Officers 'J.'Tulte- nnd PhirFraherar
' rested; Saeler and took -him to the; City
.Hall station and charged him with fast
;drlvlng" arid f battery. Mrs. Hernque was
; conveyed to the General Emergency. Hos
pital," where ?Dr.,'Armlstead found her in
juries consisted of a fracture, of the bone
'. of the left leg above the ankle and of sev
eral;of \ the i small bones. of, her, left f oot.'
I withVseriou's internal injuries, whichmay
j prove fataL"
Aged Lady Severely Injured.
The )U8t ! of the present course of popu
lar, lectures will bo given by Rabbi Isi
dore Myers in the Bush Street 8ynugogue
to-night 1 at 8 o'clock, the aubject being
"The Turkish Messiah; Another Dreamer
of .the Ghetto." BfiMSBBi
'This evening, under the auspices of the
, Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor; Dr, Maud Allen, the well-known
medical ' missionary, will deliver an ad
,drc»s on "India," at tho Calvary Presby
. terlan Church. ,
"Forty Rounds, or Going Under Fire," is
the subject on which Frank W. Smith will
preach this afternoon at the Young Men's
Christian Association.
Roy. Bradford Leavltt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning on
"The Old and, the New Thought of God."
Rev. H..H.: ; Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning cm "The Four r Kinds of Heart
Soil" and in the evening on "The Parable
of the Tares." .
Rev. r E. H. Avery of v the Westminster
Presbyterian Church _wlll preach this
morning on "The Simplicity of Truth"
and : in the evening on "What Love
Can Do. 1 .: '
Rev. • Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "A Congregation That In
spired a Very Effective Sermon" and in
the evening on "The Inspiration of a New
Song." ' ¦ ..,-.'
The -Brotherhood of St. Andrew will
hold annual . noonday ' Lenten services
of thirty minutes' duration in the rooms
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce. .The first service will be held next
Monday and the last Saturday. .
Rev. R. R. Lloyd of the Park Congre
gational Church will preach this morning
on "Catching Fish to Catch Man" and in
the evening, on "What Is Sanctlflcation?"
Meetings at Chamber of Commerce.
Rev. William Rader ofvthe Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing, on "Going Up to Jerusalem" and in
the evening on "The Actor."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con-,
gregatlonal Church will preach this morn
ing on "California" and in the evening on
"Behold, the Sower Went Forth to Sow."
'.'Matter" will be the subject of the les
son at the First Church of Christ, Scien
tists, this morning.
Frank W. Smith, . the "young men's
evangelist," will preach at the First Bap
tist Church this evening.
Rev. F. A. Keast of the- Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Spiritual Transforma
tion" and in the evening on "The Great
Conflict Betwe'en God and the Devil for
the Throne.of the Human Heart."
Rev. W. \\V. Case will preach on "A
Faithful Warning" at the Richmond Meth
odist Episcopal Church this evening..
"The Unpardonable Sin" will be the
subject on which Rev. C. Fenwick Reed
will preach at the Howard Street Method
ist Episcopal Church this evening.
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Methodist Episcopal Church . will
preach this evening on "Tho Teachers of
Jesus." ¦ ¦
A Faithful Wanting.
Organ solo, "Opening Voluntary" (Dlthier),
by T. K. Wlttlch; chorus, "The Radiant Morn"
(Woodward) ; tenor solo, "If With AH Your
Heart" from "Elijah." by Horace Hanna;
baBS solo (by request), "Open the Gates of th»
Temple" (Knapp), by H. II. Barnhart; chorus,
"Gloria" from "Twelfth Mass" (Mozart): con
tralto solo (selected), by Mlas Gertrude S.
Holmes; soprano solo, "Guide Us With Thy
Heavenly Light." by Mru. Edith Norman
Lock; organ boIo, "PoBtlude" (Gounod), by X.
K. Wlttlch.
Following Rev. Jas. H. Potts, D. D.,
will preach on "The Last Hours of tho
Prince of Peace."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
Street Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "The Transfigura
tion" and In the evening on "A Fast
Young Man Treed."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on. "Powerful Praying" and
in the evening on. "Acquainted With God."
Fiev. Frank K. Baker of the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach this
morning on "Christian. Submission" and
in tho evening on "How Sin Obscures and
Ostracizes a Man."
This evening there will be a musical
and sermon lecture in Grace M. E.
Church, with Robert Husband as musical
director. The programme Is as follows:
'This evening, St. Patrick's eve/ the de
votions in St. Francis Church will com
mence at 7:30. After vespers the pane
gyric of St. Patrick will be delivered by
the pastor, Rev. T. Caraher, who has late
ly returned from Ireland, where he has
visited the scenes of many memorable
events In the life of the great apostle.
The devotions will close with the singing
of the "Hymn of St. Patrick" by the con
gregation. . \
St. Patrick's Eve Devotion.
In St. Patrick's Church solemn I high
mass will be celebrated at 10 o'clock Mon
day. The Most Rev. Archbishop will be
present. Rev. P. F. Collopy will preach.
Special music will be rendered by the
choir. • . ¦ •
Rev. Father Culligan will preach at. the
10;30 o'clock mass this morning in St.
Ignatius Church. Rev. Father Forhan
will preach in the evening after vespers.
: At the 11 o'clock mass this morning
Father Smith will- preach the last of the
Lenten sermons which have made up the
course at old St. Mary's Church. His
subject will be "The Infallible Church."
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of the Holy. Cross Church will receive
holy, communion at the 7 o'clock mass thi3
morning.
Rev. Philip Byrne will preach on **Un
bellef" at the Calvarian devotions in St.
Mary's- Cathedrar this afternoon.
Rev. Father O'Neile will preach on St.
Patrick in St. Rose's, Church this even-
Ing. . ,- ,
- This evening the choir of St. Dominic's
Church will produce Dubois' beautiful
musical setting of the "Seven Last Words
of Christ," under the direction of J. Ham
ilton Howe, organist and director. . Spe
cial, organ numbers will Include "Cele
brated - Fantasie" and.' "Fugue" in G
minor, by. Bach; "La Priere," by Thayer;
"lnsanae et banal curae," Haydn;
"Grande Choeur," Dutioia. The membera
of the solo choir are Misses Lillian L.
Roeder, Eleanor Joseph, Ella V. McClos
lcey, Mrs. H. Clark, Messrs. F. Onslow,
G. M. Long, Ernest George and Walton
C.-Webb.
" Fast Young Man Treed " and
"The Actor" Among To-
Day's Church Themes.
Dubois' "Seven v Last
Words of Christ" Is
. the Programme.
SPECIAL SERVICE
AT ST. DOMINIC'S
TALKING ABOUT
NEW BRIGADIERS
LUMBER PRICES
TO BE ADVANCED
ciations Will Be
Merged.
Three Great Coast Asso-
Given to Adjutant
General Stone. *\
Grand Banquet to Be
Lieutenant Finley Is Entitled
to Go on the Retired
List
Washington Producers Hope
to Realize Increased
Profits. f '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. March 15. — Arrangements
have been perfected for merging Into one
organization the Pacific Coast Lumber
Menufacturers' Association, the Washing
ton Lumbermen's Association and the
Southwest Washington Lumber Manufac
turers' Association. The project .will be
carried Into effect et a meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Association In Tacoma next
week. The merger will give Washington
lumbermen the most powerful organiza
tion they have ever had and will ena.ble
them to better protect their Interests. The
combination will be followed by an im
xrediate advance in prices on all grades
cf fir lumber. The minimum increase will
be DO cents per 1000 feet.
There Is an unusually strong demand
for lumber and all of the mills are busy.
Xx>gs and labor are nigh and general con
filUons show that the lumbermen . feel
that they are entitled to somewhat higher
prices.
Prices for shingles also are likely to be
advanced. ' "The manufacturers claim
that the profits are now very small In
consequence of a scarcity of cedar logs
&nd the stiff price* at which they are held.
Shingle brokers have been endeavoring
unsuccessfully to break the market, but
the disposition of the manufacturers is
toward firmer prices. They are even will-
Ing to temporarily close the mills until
all surplus stocks are sold.
There Is a piece of 'gossip in the Na
tional Guard at this time that is agitat
ing the rank of that organization, which
is to the effect that Governor Gage, the
commander In chief, who is seeking a re
nomlnation for the office of Governor,
has In contemplation the appointment of
three brigadier generals to succeed War
field, Last and Mueller, with the Idea, »o
it is suggested, that by so doing he will
Increase his chances for the nomination.
The event In the National Guard of Cali
fornia during the current month will be
the banquet to be tendered on the even-
Ing of the 29th to Adjutant General Stone
and stall in the Occidental Hotel by Ma
jor General John H. Dickinson and all
the commissioned officers of the guard in
tho State. It Is expected that this will be
the greatest gathering of National Guaro
officers that has ever been held in this
city, for from indications • there will be
representatives from every section, of the
State where there Is an organization of
the guard.
During the current month there will be
two battalion drills. by the companies of
tba FIr6t Infantry on Van Ness avenue
about the time of the full moon./ 7"
Arrangements are being made for a la
dies' night at the armory of the First In
fantry. A committee has been appointed
to make all the arrangements for that
event. '-., -' : . .
The field and staff officers of the Fifth
Infantry were In session last night for
the purpose of being further ' instructed
lr. battalion movements. Colonel Whitton
presided. '/"
Order for Inspection.
At an election In Battery A of the First
Battalion of Artillery, at which Major
Dorn presided, last Monday night, Cap
tain Nlppert Tvas re-elected captain and
Lieutenant Varney first lieutenant. Ser
geant John A. Eason, who was a lieuten
ant in the Seventh California Volunteers,
was elected eecond lieutenant.
The same nig-ht Major Hendy presided
at an election held in Battery D of the
same organization, when Private F. V.
Kissllng, a" young attorney of this city,
who served in Company B of the Fifth
California, and is junior warden of . the
Scottish Rite Drill Corps, was elected
first lieutenant, vice Karless, resigned.
Sergeant Edward Heltman was elected
second lieutenant. He served during 1 the
Spanish-American war and was a mem
ber of the Fourth United States Cavalry.
The second of a series of military lec
tures before the First Battalion of Ar
tillery will be delivered In the Ellis-street
Armory to-morrow night by Captain W.
D. Beach, U. S. A., for several years In
structor of military topography at the
United States Infantry and Cavalry
School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
The recent order for muster and Inspec
tion of the several organizations of the
Second Brigade is to the effect that Brig
ade Inspector Napthaly shall inspect all
but the four companies composing the
First Artillery Battalion. As to that part
cf the brigade a special inspector is to be
selected. The officers who are interested
hi the brigade are wondering why the
brigado Inspector has-been ."cut out" as
to the artillery, which drills as infantry,
and they are asking one another, "Is It
possible that he cannot inspect artillery
men who are drilling as infantry?" and
tfce reply generally given is, "If he cannot
inspect such an organization he certainly
cannot inspect other organizations that
drill In the same tactics." But It is said
that that is not the solution, and It is
hinted that there are some personal rea
sons in the battalion why the brigade in
spector should not inspect. The parties
most Interested decline to discusss the
matter. They say they obey orders.
The Engineer Corps.
There has been considerable talk In re
erard to the engineer corps that Is being
orgranSzed for attachment to the First
Infantry. It Is claimed that there Is no
law for the organization of such a branch
Noted Preacher Is to Deliver Sermons Twice
Each Day DuringEthe Coming Week.
EVANGELIST CARRADINE
WILL CONDUCT REVIVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, 190?.
26
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS MIGHTY
HEALING POWER?
AH tho Land Wonders at the
Remarkable Cares Effected
by Professor Adkin.
DEALS DISEASES CALLED IN-
CURABLE.
Ministers, Doctors and Professional*
Men Tell How He Has Cured the
Blind, the Lame, the Para-
lytic and Many on the
Very Brink of Death.
FREE HELP FOB THE SICK.
Professor Adkin Offers to Help All
Sufferers From Any IHsease AV
solutely Free of Charge— Pro-
fessional Men Investi.
gate His Powers.
/' , '- '•' '
/
PROP. THO3. F. ADKIX^
President at Uie Institute of Physicians and
Surgeons.
In all parts of the country men and women,
doctors and surgeons, clergymen and educa*
tors, are wondering at the remarkable cures
made by Prof. Thomas F. Adkin. discoverer of.
the Adkin Vitaopathlc treatment.
Prof. Adkin heals not by drugs, nor by Chris-
tian Science, nor by Osteopathy, nor by Hyp-?
notism, nor by Divine Healing, but by a subtle
psychic force of nature In combination wltb
certain vital magnetic remediea which contain
the very elements of life and ntuin.
A reporter recently talked with ITof. Adkin
! and was asked to invite all readers of this
i paper who are sick or who are worried by tha
1113 of those dear to them to write to him for
assistance. "Some people have declared," said
Prof. Adkin. "that my powers are of God; they
' call me a Divine Healer, a man of mysteriuuj
1 powers. This is not so. I cure because 1 un-
derstand nature, because I use a subtle force
of nature to build up the system and restore
health. But, at the same time, I believe that
the Creator would not have given me the op-
portunity to make the discoveries I have mado
nor the ability to develop them if He had not
intended that I should use them for the sood
of humanity. I therefore feel that It Is my
duty to give the benefit of the science I practice
to all who are suffering. I want you to tell
your readers that they can write to me tn the
strictest confidence If they are troubled with
any kind of disease, and I will thoroughly
diagnose their, cases and prescribe a simple
home treatment which I positively guarantee
to effect a complete cure, absolutely free of
charge. I care not how serious their cases
nor how hopeless they may seem. I want them
to write to me and let me make them well. X
feel thai this is my life's work."
So great is the sensation wrought in. th»
medical world by the wonderful cures per-
formed by Prof. Adkin that several professional
gentlemen were asked to Investigate the cures.
Among theso gentlemen were Dr. L. B. Haw-
ley and Dr. S. Dutton "Whitney, both famous
physicians and surgeons. After a thorough
and painstaking Investigation these eminent
physicians were so astounded at the far-reach-
ing powers of Prof. Adkin and the wonderful, '
efticacy of Vitaopathy that they volunteered to I
forsake all other ties in life and all other kinds
of treatment and devote themselves to assist-
ing Prof. Adkin in his great work for human-
ity. With the discovery of the Adkin Vltao-
pathic treatment eminent physicians are gener-
ally agreed that the treatment of disease has
at last been reduced to an exact science.
In all some 8000 men and women have been
cured by the powers of Prof. Adktn. Soma
were blind, some were lame, some were deaf,
some were paralytics scarcely able to move,
so great was their infirmity. Others were af-
flicted with Brlght'a disease, heart disease,
consumption and other so-called Incurable dis-
eases. Some were -sufferers from kidney
trouble, dyspepsia, nervous debility, insomnia,
neuralgia, constipation, rheumatism, female
troubles and other . similar Ills. Soma were
men and women addicted to drunkenness, mor-
phine and other evil habits. In all cases Prof.
Adkin treats he guarantees a cure. Even those
on the brink of the grave, with all hope of re-
covery gone and despaired of by doctors and
friends alike, have been restored to perfect
health -by the force of Vitaopathy and Prof*
Adkln's marvelous skill. And. remarkable as
It may seem, distance has made no difference.
Those living far away have been cured in tha
privacy of their own homes, as well as thos*
who have been treated In person. Prof. Adkin
asserts that he can cure any one at any dis-
tance as well as though^he stood before them.
Not long ago John 4dams of Blakesbury,
la., who had been lame for twenty years, waa
permanently cured by Prof. Adkin without an
operation of way kind. About the same time*
the city of Rochester. N. Y., was startled by
the cure of one of Its oldest residents. Mr. P..
A, Wright, who had been partly blind for at
long period. John E. N'eff of Allllerstaurg, Pa., V
who had suffered for years ¦ from, a cataract 1
over, his left eye, was speedily restored to per*"^
feet 'sight without an operation. From U>~j
gansport Ind. romes the news of thu recovery
of Mrs. Mary Eicher. who had been practically
deaf'for a year, while in Warren.' Fa,; Mr. G."
W. Savage, u • noteil photograpner and artist,
who was not only partially blind and daaf, but
at death's • door from a complication of 4N-
ease», was reatored to perfect health ami
Htrength by l'rof. Adktn.
Vitaopathy cure* not one dtaeasa alono. but
It cure* hII iii.-fii.i-s when.uMd in combination
with proper remedies. If- you are sick, no
matter what ynur UiHRuse nor who suys you
cannot'.bo mrad, writ* to Prof. Artktn to-<liy;
tell . him tho leudlnir symptoms .of your cum-
plaint, how long -you- have been nufferlnir. *t\<\
he will At once ttlagnotie your cose, t-il you th*>
exact disease from which yuu are mifterlnit ami
prescribe the treutment thut win positively
cure you. This costs you absolutely nothltiR.
Prof. Adkin will nlso senil you a copy of hi*
marvelous new book, entitled "How to it-
Cured, ant! How tr> Cure Othem." This boolt
tells you exactly how Prof. Adkin wltl cure
you. It fully and completely describes th«
nature of thin wonderfut treatment: It also
explains to you how you yourself may posset!)
.this great healing power und cure the nick
around you.
> Prof. Adkin does not ask one cent for his
.services In this connection. They will bo given
" to you absolutely free. He has made a won-
derful discovery, anil he wishes to place It In
the hands of every sick- person In this country.
that he may be restored to perfect health and
strength. Mark your letter personal when you
write and no one but Prof. Adkin will see It.
Address PROF. THOS. F. ADKIN, office 2S2M.
Rochester. N. Y. ; ¦ ¦
WbbHi Gall $1.00 w TaH
AD V ±!itTlt> KTVTETfTS.
~THE STARVATION PLAN
Of Treating Dyspepsia a^d Stomach'TroaWes
Is Useless and Unscientific.
The almost certain failure of the starvation
cure for dyspepsia has been proven time and
again, but even now a course of dieting Is gen-
erally the first thing recommended for a case
of Indigestion or any stomach trouble.
Many people with weak digestion, as well as
some physicians, consider tha first step to take
In attempting to cure Indigestion la to restrict
the diet," either, by selecting certain foods and
rejecting others or to cut down tho amount of
food eaten to barely enough' to keep eoul and
body together. In other words th« starvation
plan Is by many supposed to be the first ea-
•entlal.
All this Is radically wrong. It Is foolish and
unscientific to rtcommend dieting to a man al-
ready suffering from starvation becuuse In-
digestion Itself starves every organ, nerve ana
fiber In the body.
¦'• What people with poor digestion most need I*
abundant nutrition, plenty of, good, wholesome
property cooked food, and something ' to assist
the weak stomach to digest It. "
This' Is exactly the purpose for which 8tuart'«
Dyspepsia Tablets are adapted and the tru.
reason why they cure the worst cases of Mom
ach trouble. • . - «om-
Eat a sufficient amount of wholesome *™a
and after each meol take one or tw 0 of «, Uu ,£ (1
Dyspepsia Tablets to promptly dlcest it
In this way, the system Is nourUhed »nrt »t,
overworked stomach rented, becau, " t h- tahiVl"
wilt digest the food whether the *tom a - h
,or not. one grain of, the active dijrettfvi. i°i
dple in Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets "•?«¦ 1.3"
flcient to digest 3000 grains of meat «*. \il
other albuminous food. - ' egBa °'
Dr. Harlandson and Dr. Red well rtcrmm-^
these tablets In all cases of defective d,?-M
because the pepsin and diastase n i h f m '° n
absolutely free from animal matte? «h .2 re
impurities, and being pleasant to 'he ta^«
?hl adu B n/ e rmle " 1 for the ch »d % s l " Ior
All drugstores sell this excellent nrpt> a »,.i
and the dally u*e of them after mea?« wf?h lon >
great benefit, not only as an IrnrnedlaTi "rJjL 0 /
but to permanently build up and linvi^nL, l M'
AijretUva oraana. . . * a invigorate the
. 4
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh has become such a common
disease that a person entire] j free from
tHs disgusting complaint is seldom met
with. It is customary to speak of Catarrh
as nothing more serious than a bad cold,
a simple inflammation of the nose and
throat. It is, in fact, a complicated and
very dangerous disease ; if not at first, it
very soon becomes so.
The blood is quickly contaminated by
the foul secretions, and the poison through
the general circulation is carried to all
parts of the system. "
Salves, washes and sprays are unsatis-
factory and disappointing, because they do
not reach the seat of the trouble. S. S. S.
does. It cleanses the blood of the poison
and eliminates from the system ail catar-
rba1 secretions, and thus cures thoroughly
and permanently the worst cases.
Mr. T. A. Williams, a lradinp dry-poods flier*
cbaut pi Spartanburg. S. C, write*; " Foryeara
I had a severe case of dmfH^ltftnt
nasal Catarrh, with ail /gsSS'^S k
the disagreeable effects Ar \
which belong; to that a ' fll
<Ji?fKic. ana which fl ' SJa
ins'-r life psinful and S5&'*4S^ *3
unendurable. I used \^ .^^ \E
medicines prescribed by a ' _!\ .7
l;adir:£ j.'livsiciaus and v^5%ffc%. 5
supxc-t<rd by numbers J »
of fri'nds. but without \/9^^^tK. «*£?i
rfttirjj ary better. I /*»* Jr****yJBk&2'
then bega a to takeS. S.
S. It I:ad the desired tZ&$&tf?Tf§F%
eTrct. and cured ,« J^S^^Si
after taking eighteen r IZffiZZa "
bottle*. In my opinion S. S. S. is the only medi-
cine now in use that will effect* permanent cure
ef Catarrh."
S/jSh (SSS& s e on ly purely yeg-
Wj^* fgbT* c * a t)'[ e blood purifier
known, and the great-
fe^-w £fori~T est °^ a^ blood medi*
SQjjf %2^ cines and tonics.
If you have Catarrh don't wait until it
becomes deep-seated and chronic, but be-
gin at once the use of S. S. S., and sent 1
for our book on Blood and Skin Diseases
and trrite our physicians about your case.
TKE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. CA.
TO THE PUBLIC.
I have been wonder-
jggBCfcjii fully cured of flta and of
ffi3f*^3 hip trouble by the fa-
W&? mous herb doctor. Wong
jSS&C F Him, of 115-117 Mason
TJ&Zx } rtrad when I came to
MXy* I l".im and the fits I had
yjWj^/w^ *'re droadfu!, but I am
y&ti. r ? > i"-Jo>'!ns perfect health
#J^@M-^fP&iv« now. 1 can tell any one
¦*B^&F^Bi\a* of the wonderful cures
•***¦'*¦ 3! " ;^ he has made for me.
I earn* Irom Meridian, Sutter County. Cal., to
Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all my
• llment*. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY.
Meridian, Sutter County, Cal.
January 21, 19C2.
BAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 6, 1900.— To whom
It may concern: This Is to certify that DR
¦WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason et., San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, end I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word, and an honorable
man In all h!s dealings. DR. C. A. GAT
I>entlst, »02 Second ave.. Seattle, Wash.
December 15, 1900.— This Is to certify that I
*ras suffering for fifteen years from Blight's
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
¦Ide. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
•lx month* ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason ut.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferer* may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this In person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ATvLANSON,
Orchard ave.. Elmhum, Alaroeda County Cal
FEHwrprpiLLs
Dfi. HALL'S BEINViGOKATQRPWTOS
Hu i» a!i lonras in :Miiour». rive kwf**Ur<y
hui.died i.wa-.; for ur,y cuff . Me tpti B>n
cannot rur». Th\» necirt remedy R B
f*rt» of kctf.al>u«« or rxrwueli! gt*^^
WESTERN HOTEL,
»V l.><,d.rl-d% nd renovated. KIXU, WAMU *
DAY STATE HOUSE
fiANTA CRUZ. CAL.— MARCH 1 MIIS ! V
»1A MATHISON wili open the Bay Sutc
Hou*- and Cottape. for the teason. nowly tlr.
ai*hed and refitted. Those who know the lady'.
«-ldf- rrput&tion for pood cooking will readily
understand that the table will be th« thief
feature of the tnenase of, the Bay State. The
fcouBe l» beautifully situated on Beach Hill
closo to the bathing beach. An attractive home
tor either the euir.n-.tr or winter at moderate
rate*. Open, the year round. For terms ud-
4re*«: MRS* LTDIA MATHISON Bay State
House and Cottagta, Eacta Crui. Cal.
i THIC MPnif*IlVP
r I ni2> lUCUlwiiNn
d itmm*\ ' Has been before the public for 50 years, bring-
t If 8p * ng good nea^h to thousands of people who
$ had almost lost: hope, of ever getting well
* again. It has therefore been thoroughly tested
I 0^^^^^^hi and fpund reIiable - Then do not experiment
i Wm with unknown remedies when the Bitters will
i IM^^^fj? cure you, ' X.. : .¦'/
Ifim! J&!3v$r?!>j&&^ Jk W. .r I ¦ Zt 1 i Fj b^^ Z^j
1 EO^^^^^^ OLUIIIcldJ DI LLCra
i S W* 11 cure BELCHING, INDIGESTION, DYS-
1 jiil'^^P^^^ PEPSIA, CONSTIPATION and BILIOUSNESS,
\ als6 prevent CHILLS and FEVER and MAL-
\ ; < ARIA ' PEVER and AOUE.
Si ; Smithfieid. N C. '-p \' -, ; , New York, NY: V
2 ] Dear'Sirs-l have used your Bit- f j ¦ , Dear Sirs— I have used your Bit.^ ¦'"
m "®efflg||ii tersand^nditve^eneficia.whi.e;
5 i chills and fever. ' | <j .suffering from malaria and general |
€ I . M. NEEIDHAM MUNDEN. f 1 debility: . e. F.: HURST. ' [;
4 . ... • . ; ¦ " ' ' ¦ % ¦ !¦: .: ;: ; /•/• ' ": ; ;
DON'T. FAIL TO iTRY IT. IT WILL SURELY 00 YOU GOQD4FRENCH BARIC AMIRAL TROUDE,, WHICH FINALLY MADE PORT YES
TERDAY AFTER HOVERING OFF THE* ENTRANCE TO THE HARBOR
FOR SIX DAYS, UNABLE TO GET IN BECAUSE OF CONTRARY WINDS.
Time Ball.
Branoh Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., M!er
- chants' Exchange, Can Francisco,- Cal..
March 15. 1902. , ..
: The . Time . Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time." .';.'..
... W. H. STANEILET,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements
TO SAIL
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The German ship Christine, which made port
yesterday from Santa Rosalia, was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at 25s.
The British ship Benlarig is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 22s Cd. '
The British bark Kelverdale will load lum
ber at BlaUeley for Cork at 70s.
Sun, Moon and Tides.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of .High and Low
Waters at Fort Point,' entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur, at
the city front iMlsslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
"Water Front Notes.
The eteam collier Pleiades arrived yesterday,
four days from Seattle, with 5000 tons of coal.
The revenue cutter Golden Gate was yester
day placed on the dry dock for her semi
annual scraping and painting. '. , ~ .
The breaking of the rudder of the French
bark Max will add over $1000 to the expense of
getting her ready for sea again. j
Comes in for Orders.
Tfce German ship Christine, which left Santa
Rosalia three weeks ago for Portland, put In
here yesterday for orders. As freights are
still very low at this port she will probably
proceed to the Oregon port with little delay.
To Handle the Pack.
The little steamer Thistle sailed yesterday for
Alaska with twenty-four officials of the Alas
ka Packers' Association aboard. These of
ficials -will be taken to the different cannery
stations, where they will take charge of the
packing and shipping of the salmon harvest.
The bark Euterpe will sail to-morrow with a
small army of Chinese and white laborers for
the canneries.
reading of her name the Amiral Troude has
for more, than a week past been appearing on
the horizon for. brief spells and th«n vanish
ing. Northwesterly gales, says Captain Mar-
Mn. are responsible for his Inability to make
port. In spite of the six days outside, how
ever, the Troude has made a swift passage,
being only thirty,-one days from Nagasaki. She
comes in ballast and Just as soon as a fresh
supply of water and stores can be got aboard
she will sail for New Caledonia,' where a cargo
of ore for Europe awaits her.
FROM , SEATTLE.
Elusive Bark Arrives.
When the French tark Amlral Troude came
through tae heads yesterday the Merchants'
Exchange, lookout a j sigh of > relief.
Without &- flag set and too far- distant for the
Back on 'Change.
William E. MIghells, the well known ship
owner, was at the Merchants' Exchange yester
day morning for the first time since his recent
serious illness. He has been laid up for more
than two months and is still far from being
strong. His eon Frank, who made himself
quite popular during' his short business career,
la at Auburn, dying. Young MIghells 1b only
26 years old and had a bright future. Con
sumption has claimed him, however, and his
father ' B&id yesterday that the young man
cannot possibly live for more than two weeks.
THE United States army transport
Hancock sailed yesterday for Ma
nila with the headquarters, band
and two battalions of the Tenth
Infantry, 375 recruits and casuals,
150 marines and a number, of army women
and children.
The big steamship left the transport
dock promptly at noon. She took a spin
around the bay to make sure of her com
passes, came to. an anchor for a spell
while the crew went through the regula
tion boat drill., was searched for stow
aways and then hoisted anchor and
passed out on to the Pacific.
It was a distinctly army crowd that
sailed on the Hancock, and the smart set
was well represented in the good-by
chorus on the dock.
Colonel Lil H. Lincoln was the ranking
officer on board, and the transport is
commanded by Captain Willson. formerly
of the Meade. The Hancock is the last
transport that will leave under General
Long's management. Major Duvall, the
new general superintendent, will be in
charge before the next boat sails.
The officers accompanying recruits and
casuals were: »
Captain Marcus T>. Cronln. Captain Albert :
Laws, Lieutenants William W. White, Oscar
A. McGce and Frank F. Jewett.
Accompanying Tenth Infantry — Colonel L. H.
Lincoln. Major R. W. Hoyt, Chaplain Kelly,
Captains R. S. Van Vliet, C J^-T. Clarke,
Henry Kirby. A. E. Root. Lieutenants R, F.
Walton, Turner, B. R. Wade, J. E. Morris,
R. C. Humber, E. H. Cooke, E. R. Wilson, W.
L. Reed and James G. Hannah.
Contract Surgeons A. G. Bislng, C. E. Free- 1
man and E. E. Roberts, and Dentist J. D. Mll
llkin.
L. B. Alexander, Colonel J. M. L*«, Lieu
tenant Colonel Charles B. Hall. Mrs. J. F.
Preenell and eon, Mrs. R. C. Van Vllet and
children. Mrs. O. A. McGee. John M. Sylvester
and wife. Jules Url, Mrs. Edwin A. Root, Mrs.
Wilson, Mrs. J. G. Hannah. Miss Marie Lowe,
Miss Frances May Poole, Mrs. R. C. Humber
and cnild, Mrs. R. W. Hoyt. Mrs. W. L Reed,
Mrs. Benjamin R, Wade, Mrs. M. D. Cronln,
Miss B. Hannay and Mies D. C. Downe
- SUNDAY. MARCH 10.
Sun rises .....; ......0:20
Sun sets •• »'.l8
Moon sets (first quarter) t 0:39 a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moraine tides are given in the left
hand column and the Fuccewlve tides or the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th*
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Tno heights given are in
addition to the soundings, of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
dgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from th« depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Thieves at a Fife.
Fire was discovered At ' an . early " hour
yesterday 'morning in " the Orpheum ' cafe.
47 Stockton. street, rand there, was in con
sequence great • excitement among the
roomers in the lodping-house above. Sev
eral women "• fainted and - .'. trunks were
thrown out of the windows. The fire was
caused by .the explosion of a gas stove
and wan not extinguished before the cafe
was almost In ruins. Mrs. Goeschuander,
one of. the roomers in the lodging-house,
notified the police that during the. excite
ment a. gold -watch, .valued at J10O, which
was presented to her late husband by the
Elks in Seattle, was stolen.
ID — Stmr Argyll, from Portland. Or, for United
Kingdom. .. , . .
' SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to March 15—
Stmr -YanKtse, from Llverpunl. for Seattle; U
S stmr Uufonl. from New York, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior, to March ir —
Stmr Emr>res»a of China, from Vancouver, for
Honskons; Mtmr Kinsbui Mara, from Seattle,
for ' Honskons;: stmr : Olympla. from Tacoma.
for HonKkane; Br ttmr Kairfowv'frum Shieldt.
for Senttl«.*v4SHHMM|MHMpMttHBB|||
; SHANGHAI— Sailed: Mirch , l.V-Stmr Par.
Llnr. from: Seattle, for Liverpoel.
, ANTWERl'— Sailed March 15— Stmr Frlci
land. for -Xew :y«irk.
-.LIVEItrCOL-^Sailetl tlOTch 15— Stmr Cnrr.
rnnia.- for Netv Ymk: \" " '¦ > • ¦•¦¦ . • . • ••
! CJ1K11BOURG — Snllcil March 13^-Stmr Phil
adfrrhia,' frrm Scuthnrontan;-. for,- Xcw - York.
. HAVHK— Sallrd March 15— Stmr La . Toii
ralnft.r fnr New York. • :
Shipping Intelligence, i
ARRIVED.
j, ¦ ' - Saturday, March 15.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwing, 79 hour's from
fccutt Je. . . ,, ¦ .
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 30 hours from Cres-
Stmr Pleiades. * Evans, 4 days from Seattle
Harf™d. A1CaZar ' Martln< 8 T ,bou« Som ISrt
San tr pedro rUn8WlCk ' DettmerS> 40 hoUrs «tmd
Sal tn red S ro nta Bar^ tra> Zadda rt, 40 hours from
Sa!feHy hrlSUne ' «-»<«•¦.*> -aysW
fro F m :&ak? iral Ma * la - 81 da >' 3
l qume r KlveV erey ' Panzer " C0 houra '""> Co-
QnS^lk Mln ° r< Whl < ney ' °*«y«
Behr Alcalde, Johnson, 3V6 days from Co
lumbia lllver. .
CLEARED." ¦>
..- . Saturday. March 15.
Etmr South ; Portland, Sears. Portland- J
Jerome. . • . .'..,. , ',
a.?^r^s k^^o AICXander ' San DIe *°: G^ ;
. Stmr Czarina, . Seaman, Seattle; B T Kruse
Bark ' Euteroe, Swanson, Prince' Wlllla-n
Sout,d; - Alaska^ Packers' Assn. . . •*"-,•
Hark SC Allen,. JohnsoB, Honolulu- Wil
liams. Dimond &'Co. . . lu ' WH
Ai Schr •Pf O8 P cr «; B '" and emann. Port Townsend;
Alaska Packers Assn, ,
F B and T Z Co lna< AV:instedt> Unsa * McCollum
SAILED.
Saturday, March 16.
Stmr Meteor, Jensen, Seattle. .
Stmr South Portland, Seats, .'Portland ¦
Stmr O'pint Arena." Jian.sen, . Mendoclno ¦"¦¦
fcitrnr, Crescent City, Payne; Crescent City
Ktmr Bonita. Noudnder. San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. • Nelson; Coos . Bay,
Strnr Thistle, Peterson. Urlstol.-:. •
•' Btmr^ South Portl-ind,'. Sears,- -Portland.
Slmr, Grace Dollar, Fcsjn,' Grays Harbor. •
¦ Stmr Iaqua. Gunderson, Seattle. >,-..-• ,« , . j >,-.>
. {¦ Stmr* Coquilla Hiver,'. Johnncn. . Kort ' BraRS
Stmr Empire, Maceenn. v Coos Bay, '
' US stmr Hancock. 'UMlson.' Lianlfa. '
¦ Br. itmr ¦ Adato.' Uclntmv Portland
Big Damages to the Tellus.
United States Commissioner Morse filed
in the United States District Court yes
terday his report and findings in the libel
cace of Dampskebsselskabet Tellus vs.
the steamship Belgian King, fixing the
total sum of $34,524 30 ad damages to bo
awarded . the complainant, the Tellus
Company, with the elongated name. Of
the sum mentione-i I2SB9 99 is for interest.
The damages were caused by a collision
between the two vessels.; * ...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.-Curious and
sensational developments are promised in
the trial of the suit filed by Mrs. Jose
phine Stephens in the Superior Court to
day to recover .$10,000 damages from Mr.
and Mrs. Jerwin Hoy, society leaders and
wealthy, residents ; of Santa Monica, for
alleged conspiracy and false arrest.
The^ complaint recites that , during last
January Mrs. Stephens accepted a posi
tion as cook in the home of the Hoys in
Santa Monica. The latter are of the swell
Bet_iri the ocean town and are devotees
of golf. On Sunday evening, January 19,
Mrs. Stephens says, Mr. and Mrs. Hoy
came home from church and immediately
ordered the plaintiff to leave the house,
informing her that she was discharged.
She begged to be" allowed to sleep there
that night, as she had no place to go to
and it was too late to move. She also in
formed them that dinner was ready, and
they said she could stay.
Continuing, Mrs. Stephens eays that she
served the toup anil was preparing to
serve the rest of the dinner when Mr.
Hoy suddenly jumped up and after con
ferring with his wife for a moment hur
ried to Justice of the Peace; A. M. Guid
inger and obtained a warrant for the ar
rest of Mrs.- Stephens on a charge of dis
turbing the. peace.' Mrs. : Stephens was
arrestedand locked up,, but,, fortunately,
had $20;with her, which she deposited as
cash bail and' was permitted to leave the
Jail. \ ' ¦' ' ; / -XI: ¦¦'¦-' :r : '--.:
; The next day Mr. Hoy went before Jus
tice ' Guidinger and withdrew the com
plaint, paying $5 05; as Costs. , Mrs. Ste
phens then sued for a. month's wages. The
hearing was held behind Closed doors and
was sensational, but the coo kr recovered
only ..for the *'• time 'she had actually
worked. ¦ , • : ;. . ..
'-• Meanwhile the relatives of Mrs. Ste
phtns/in.thls city. Who are well-to-do citi
zens, heard of what had. occurred 'and en
gageU a lawyer to begin an action against
Mr. and,Mrs. Hoy for damages for false
imprisonment .and conspiracy. -
Special Dispatch' to] The [Call.
REDDING, March 15.— From- the Wefaer
end of the projected Eureka; tlid' Eastern
Railroad comes news of- field operations
along: the line and the report tiiat the
engineers are under the direction cf Sen
ator W. A. Clark, the minir.s "king-^ of
Montana. This news comes in a letter to
A. L. Chlpman from a friend Hying near'
Weiser. who advises Chlpman tu,, Urveqt
in certain real estate because the Kureka
and Eastern will be built and the land
will become very valuable- *
The writer asserts that Lord Thurlow
and George H. Proctor are merely.figure
heads and that the man who Is putting
money into the surveys now being marte '
is Senator Clark.
Senator Clark recently talked of an elec
tric line from Ogden to Sacramento. This
la hardly practical and It may. be only a'
blind to' cloak his real intention to build,
the Eureka and Eastern. .
Mr. and Mrs. Jerwin Hey
- of Santa Monica the
Defendants.
Senator the Eureka and
Eastern's Prime
Mover.
SERVANT SUES
SOCIAL LEADERS
CLARK IS BACK
OF NEW RAILWAY
Ship Dashing "Wave, tianeaster, Tacoma.
: shin Kinros3-3hlre, McKinnon,- Queens
town. • -¦¦•.". • '• ' '• ¦• i ."¦'
. Bi\ EhJo Andorlnha, Nicholas,, Liverpool.
Br ship Langdale, Hunter, Antwerp.
Schr Novelty. Perry. Columbia River.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen, Coos Bay;
Schr Advent, Olsen, Willapa • Harbor.
¦ Schr Newark, Nielsen, Stewarts Point. ¦
SPOKEN.
No date., lat 8 S, Ion 31 W— Ger bark Pa
vorlta/ from Oregon, for Queenstown.
US stmr McClellan was spoken on March 3
by Br stmr Mlddleham Castle In lat. 34 10 N,
Ion 43 20 W, bound east. Sailed from. New
York Feb 23 for Manila; 20 days out.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, March 14 — Soanluh stmr. Isla da
Luzon,' from Manila, after leavins : Suez^
grounded In canal and ¦ rodder was loosened.
Will probably be towed back for repairs and
dry dock, TELEGRApma A
POINT LOBOS, Marph 15, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind N\V. velocity 10 miles per hour.
i DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦ SEATTLE — Sailed March IB — Stmr Umatllla.
for San Francisco; stmr Dirlso, for Skagway;
strtir Ncme City, for Valdes.
Arrived 'March. 15 — Stmr Bertha; from . Vic
toria; stnir Dolphin, from Skagway; stmr City
of Puebla, hence March- 12.
VENTURA — Arrived 'March 15— Stmr George
Loomls, hence March 14; and sailed for San
Francisco. • .¦ '¦ - '
• . PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived March 15--
Stmr. Chas Nelson, hence j March 13. :
PORT HARFORD— Arrived March 43— -Schr
; Wm Rehton, from Whatcom.
I UMPQUA— Sailed March 12— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro. - % ¦¦ ¦ .
EAST SAN PEDRO — Sailed March 15-^Barge
Santa Paula, in tow tus Rescue, for San
Francisco.
, 1 TACOMA— Sailed March 15— Br stmr ClaV
ering, for Honjfkons; bktn Portland, for San
Pedro; schr Marvin, fur — — *.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 15 — Stmr Ful
¦ton, from Portland, 'Or; stmr Santa Monica,
hence March 13; stmr Santa Cruz,' hence March
11; schr J M Colman, from Port Ludlow.
Marchr34-~Schr w F Wltzemann, from Ta
coma.
Sailed March 1G — Tug Rescue, with . barge
Santa Paula in . tow. for San Francisco: stmr
Santa Cruz, • for San Francisco. / -. • ¦
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 15 — Stmr"Na
tional City, for San Francisco; stmr Noyo, far
Redondo. . ' .' ' ;
NEAH BAT — Passed out March 15— Br stmr
Wellington, from Comox; for San. Francisco;
bark B.P Cheney, for San Francisco.
;¦• ASTORIA — Arrived March ¦ lt> — Br'ctmr Oce
aho, .from Seattle;, Br stmr Quito, from'Bom
bay. ' • ' ¦ ¦ '¦ "¦¦'"' • '-'
Sailed March 15 — Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived March 15— Stmr North
Fork, hence March 13; stmr Pasadffna,- hence
March 14; stmr Westport, hence March 13.
Sailed March 15— Stmr , Pomona, for San
Francisco.- ¦ . • . . ... ; ". '.
COQUILLE RIVER— Ready for sea March
]4— Sehr Corinthian. ' Schr Albion loadlhx.for
San Francisco. * . V
- PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March } 15— Schr
Aloha, for Honolulu. •
PORT TOWNSEND-^-Sniled March l. r — Bark
B P Cheney.for San Francisco;' Br stmr Clav
erlng. for.Yokohnma and Hongkong. ; : .
• PORTLAND — Sailed March IB— Bark Ver
sailles, for Queenslown.
EASTERN PORT. . '
NEWPORT NEWS— Sailed March 14— Stmr
Lyra, for Philadelphia' and San Francisco.
¦,;¦: FOREIGN . PORTS. . "
.VICTORIA— Arrived March lt-Stmr City of
Puebla. hence March 12; r ,
MAZATLAN— Sailed March 13— Stmtt City uf
Para; ¦ for • San • Francisco. . . . ¦ ¦ ,.
ACAPULCO — Sailed March 13 — Stmr San
Juan, • for- Panama. - . . . :
. IQUIQUE— In port Feb 15 — Br ship Manx
King for San. "Francisco.
RUNCORN— Arrived March /13— Br ship
Achnsshle. hence Oct 9.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to March 14 — Br
barkColllnKrove, from Eureka.
Sailed March . 10— Schr Ariel, for Newcastle,
Australia. .'„ '¦'¦''
CALLAO — Sailed March 12 — Bktn Benlcia.
f or i Port Townsend. • - . , ..
. VANCOUVER— Sailed March 10— Br ship
Belf.ird. for Seattle.
NEWCASTLE, . Aus— Sailed March IS — Ship
Henry Falllne; • for San Francisco.
TABLE ¦¦ BAY — Sailed March 15-^Br shlo
Crown of Germany, for . ' '. - ,
VICTORIA— Sailed ' March IS — Stmr Bertha,
for Seattle. :ocEATj:sTEAMERg ¦ : ,
HONGKONG — Sailed J March .15 — Strni
Strathgyle, for Portland (Or), Victoria and
Tacona. H < .
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrivn^ March 35— Stmr
UmbrJa, from New .York, for Liverpool. - : -.
Sailed March 15— Stmr Ultonia, from Hver
r>o<jl • for Boston.- ." '. ¦¦.•¦.. ¦ ¦' .
- AUCKI»ANI>-r-Sailed March 15— Stmr Sierra.
from Sydney, NSW, for. San Francl3co.7?sp l 9l
BREMEN— Sailed. March. 15^-SStmr Gera, for
New ' . York.^t^Sy | <IOTB? ! S!F*ffi«K8? >5 8!WSB4P*4
- NEWfcYQKKr—Arrlvedv March 15 — Stmr. 5*.
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg. \ .. .
Sailed March, 15-^-Stmr llenomiriee, for Lon
flon;v.stmr' Ijiirnniar; for » Liverpool ;--stmr Pre-'
torlHil for -HamburK: stmr Aller.^ for .Genoa;
ptmr ¦•" Statendp;m, -.for. • Rotterdam:^stmr. ¦•-, An
ch f irla.' for Glasgow ;¦ stmr, Hreslituit.ftw Bremen;
RT VINCENT. C V— Arrived crior to March
THE SAX JFR AN CISCO CALL, SUND AY , - MARCH 16, 1902^
Transport Hancock Carries Headquarters, Band and
Two Battalions of Tenth Infantry.
FOOT SOLDIERS AND MARINES
START FOR THE PHILIPPINES
27
n Timel Tiifle Time |Tlme
p Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Fj.
« H W I* W H W. LW-
16~ 3 '47 5.0 11:05 0.4 6:17 4.1 10:50 3.0
17 4:5S 6.012:15 0.3 7:2S 4.3
L W H W L W H W
18 0:l« 3.0 6:16 4.9 1:17 0.2 8:25 4.5
19 1-25 2.9 7:31 5.0 2:12 0.2 9:12 4.8
20 2:25 2.0 8:SS -5.2 3:03 0.2 9:56 5.2
21 3-17 2.1 0:37 5.2 3:47 0.4 10:M 5.4
22 4 : 06 1.6 10:29 5.3)4:32 0.7)11:09 5.4
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
MantfaUy:... Coquille River :..... ..IMar 16
Coronado.... Santa Barbara ....;..-. Mar 16
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara ..v;.. .. Mar! ltt
Asuncion...: Tacorai ....; Mar 16
Victoria Comox .............. ,.-.jMar' 1U
Pomona Humboldt ¦ .............. Mar 10
G. W. Elder. Portland :& Astoria..... Mar. 1«
State of Cal.. San Diego. & Way Ports. Mar. 1«
Alliance..... Portland & Way . Pts... Mar 18
Kureku Humboldt .............. Mar Is
Leelanaw.... New York, via Panama.. Mar' 19
Umatllla..... Pu*pt Sound Portn..... Mar' IS
Hermonthl*.. Hamburg via W. Coast. (Mar.- IS
Phoenix..... Mendoclno Clty:...lv... Mar 18
Newburg../.. San Pedro,...;,. 10
Despatch.... |San Pedro" ...;*.. "'.TTiMar 19
Peklne.. China & Japan M ari i»
XorthFork.. Humboldt Mar 10
Aztet^ Tacoma ....." Mar 19
SanMateo... Nanalmo Mar" 1Q
Crescent City Crescent City ...'..!!'; Mar' 20
Santa Monica San Pedro ....... m"' $
Folmlna..... Nwialmo ....;........: Mar 20
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports. .Mar : 20
Bpokana San Dieeo & Way Ports Mar "rt
Point Arena.. Point Arena . . . . ... . Mar 20
Australia.... Tahiti Mar 2?
Cltyof Para.. Panama & Way Ports'." Mar 21
r^, taAna "-- & eattl * & Tacoma."...; m» 21
%S$&^ KSS£18»:::.::fe8?
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Po'ru|Ma£ 20
earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ct*rlna....
Laktne
Spokane. ..
Eureka....
Argyll
Qutun. ....
Kival.;..\.
Mandalay..
1'omuna. ...
Newport...
Despatch .*
Phoenix....
New burg. . .
State of Cal.
G. Klder. . .
Coos Bay..
Oregon tan.
Ventura...
Alliance...
J. KImball.
March 10. .. j i . ..
Seattle At Tacuina.. C pin Pier S
Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
San ¦ Diego & • Way. a am Pier ii
-. March 17. j . . : :
Humbgldt ......... 9 am Pier "13
N\. T. via Panama. 2 pm|SwalU
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier t>
Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Marc Ii 18. \! .
Coquille Klver .'.....( 3 pm Pier' 2
Humboldt 11 ;3y p|Pier ¦ u
Panntna .«¦ Wn» Ptsll2 mlPiisa
March 10,; | • •¦- j
Seattle &. Faiihaven 0 am Pier 10
MendoclnoCity 3 pm Pler'ia
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier a
San Diego & Way.. B am Pier 11
Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. March 20.
Honolulu direct. ; Pier 20
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am|Pler 7
Portland & Coos If. IPler 10
Seattle & Tacoma.. lo amlPjer 2
March 21. ]
China & Japan l pmlPMSS '
March. 22. .
Coob ii. A Pt. Orf d|12 m Pier 13
Point. Arena ....;. | t pmiPW i
Humboldt .....| 0 am Pier -2
Puget Sound Porte ll am Pier a
March 23. ¦
Newport & Way pt B 9 am Pier 1^
March 24. .
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
N. Y. via Panama.. | 2 p m Swalli
Seattle & Tacoma.. | 0 pm Pier 2
March 27. j
Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier -S
3raya Harbor .....| 5 pmjPier 2
Amer.Maifu
Arcatta
Pt. Ar^na..
Nbrth Fork
Umatilla...
Bonita
Columbia..
Leelanaw..
Santa Ana.
City Puebla
San Pedro.
iteamer.
For.
I Sails.
?f r "}a-.' Cooks Jnlet & Way Pts. Mar. 1(S
Al-KJ ; Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar lS
Cott ap oClty. Skagway & Way For" m£ 16
Dolphin ...... Skarway . & Why Porte . AIa J J|
Faranon..... Skasway & AVay Ports. Mar. 2o
CltyofTopeka Skag-way & W«y Ports. |Mar 21
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Mar
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
MantfaUy:... Coquille River :..... ..IMar 16
Coronado.... Santa Barbara ....;..-. Mar 16
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara ..v;.. .. Mar! ltt
Asuncion...: Tacorai ....; Mar 16
Victoria Comox .............. ,.-.jMar' 1U
Pomona Humboldt ¦ .............. Mar 10
G. W. Elder. Portland :& Astoria..... Mar. 1«
State of Cal.. San Diego. & Way Ports. Mar. 1«
Alliance..... Portland & Way . Pts... Mar 18
Kureku Humboldt .............. Mar Is
Leelanaw.... New York, via Panama.. Mar' 19
Umatllla..... Pu*pt Sound Portn..... Mar' IS
Hermonthl*.. Hamburg via W. Coast. (Mar.- IS
Phoenix..... Mendoclno Clty:...lv... Mar 18
Newburg../.. San Pedro,...;,. 10
Despatch.... |San Pedro" ...;*.. "'.TTiMar 19
Peklne.. China & Japan M ari i»
XorthFork.. Humboldt Mar 10
Aztet^ Tacoma ....." Mar 19
SanMateo... Nanalmo Mar" 1Q
Crescent City Crescent City ...'..!!'; Mar' 20
Santa Monica San Pedro ....... m"' $
Folmlna..... Nwialmo ....;........: Mar 20
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports. .Mar : 20
Bpokana San Dieeo & Way Ports Mar "rt
Point Arena.. Point Arena . . . . ... . Mar 20
Australia.... Tahiti Mar 2?
Cltyof Para.. Panama & Way Ports'." Mar 21
r^, taAna "-- & eattl * & Tacoma."...; m» 21
%S$&^ KSS£18»:::.::fe8?
Colombia. . . . Valparaiso & Way Po'ru|Ma£ 20
earner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ct*rlna....
Laktne
Spokane. ..
Eureka....
Argyll
Qutun. ....
Kival.;..\.
Mandalay..
1'omuna. ...
Newport...
Despatch .*
Phoenix....
New burg. . .
State of Cal.
G. Klder. . .
Coos Bay..
Oregon tan.
Ventura...
Alliance...
J. KImball.
March 10. .. j i . ..
Seattle At Tacuina.. C pin Pier S
Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
San ¦ Diego & • Way. a am Pier ii
-. March 17. j . . : :
Humbgldt ......... 9 am Pier "13
N\. T. via Panama. 2 pm|SwalU
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier t>
Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Marc Ii 18. \! .
Coquille Klver .'.....( 3 pm Pier' 2
Humboldt 11 ;3y p|Pier ¦ u
Panntna .«¦ Wn» Ptsll2 mlPiisa
March 10,; | • •¦- j
Seattle &. Faiihaven 0 am Pier 10
MendoclnoCity 3 pm Pler'ia
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier a
San Diego & Way.. B am Pier 11
Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. March 20.
Honolulu direct. ; Pier 20
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am|Pler 7
Portland & Coos If. IPler 10
Seattle & Tacoma.. lo amlPjer 2
March 21. ]
China & Japan l pmlPMSS '
March. 22. .
Coob ii. A Pt. Orf d|12 m Pier 13
Point. Arena ....;. | t pmiPW i
Humboldt .....| 0 am Pier -2
Puget Sound Porte ll am Pier a
March 23. ¦
Newport & Way pt B 9 am Pier 1^
March 24. .
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
N. Y. via Panama.. | 2 p m Swalli
Seattle & Tacoma.. | 0 pm Pier 2
March 27. j
Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier -S
3raya Harbor .....| 5 pmjPier 2
Amer.Maifu
Arcatta
Pt. Ar^na..
Nbrth Fork
Umatilla...
Bonita
Columbia..
Leelanaw..
Santa Ana.
City Puebla
San Pedro.
n Timel Tiifle Time |Tlme
p Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Fj.
« H W I* W H W. LW-
16~ 3 '47 5.0 11:05 0.4 6:17 4.1 10:50 3.0
17 4:5S 6.012:15 0.3 7:2S 4.3
L W H W L W H W
18 0:l« 3.0 6:16 4.9 1:17 0.2 8:25 4.5
19 1-25 2.9 7:31 5.0 2:12 0.2 9:12 4.8
20 2:25 2.0 8:SS -5.2 3:03 0.2 9:56 5.2
21 3-17 2.1 0:37 5.2 3:47 0.4 10:M 5.4
22 4 : 06 1.6 10:29 5.3)4:32 0.7)11:09 5.4
iteamer.
For.
I Sails.
?f r "}a-.' Cooks Jnlet & Way Pts. Mar. 1(S
Al-KJ ; Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar lS
Cott ap oClty. Skagway & Way For" m£ 16
Dolphin ...... Skarway . & Why Porte . AIa J J|
Faranon..... Skasway & AVay Ports. Mar. 2o
CltyofTopeka Skag-way & W«y Ports. |Mar 21
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Mar
/-^T^^V^ It's over-loaded; that's what's the
/M /""""^^v matter, and if this boy don't get 2
VvC \&S Cascaret he'll be a sick boy, all
/**^-^Wv^ rXv 4iv\ over. Too much of a good thing!
V^v^llt >^ hat>s what we are a11 ' Hable tG
Y^ttE^Sw /] ' take. Grown up, sensible people
/ w '^ sometimes do it and makeT
Xq^rV^ J? ' themselves sick. "In time of peace
i 5^-----.. prepare for war," and have about
l>\\ C^^^Sn*"^^^^^l>^ c nouse a pleasant, ' perfect,
palatable, positive medicine, for
$h ! ' m "**r& sour stomach, sick headache,
colic, winds, belching, biliousness,
fur»c*d tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad breath, bad taste, all liable
to result from over-indulgence in the good things of life. Cascarcts
Candy Cathartic are what you want. -Eat and drink what and as
much as you please: A tablet after a big meal will prevent sick-
ness, or a tabled at night before-going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let*you get up clear as a bell,
ready for business or pleasure. '•
>»$fV Best for the Bowels. -All druggists, ioc, 85c, 50c. Never sold Jn twlk.
IWrW^AJVStWO® Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. .
- - T''-tS^ Sam P le and booklet free. Address . •
•**i-5i3«I*— «— Slerunj Remedy Company, Chicijjo or New York. E2A
¦
ADVEBTTSEMEKTS.
A Most Reraarkabld Remedy Thit
Quickly' Restores Lost Vijror
to Men.
A Fr^e Trial Pack a sra Sent by Mail
> to All Who Writs.
Free trial packages of a. most remark-
able remedy are being -mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
TJicy cured so many. men who hafl fa'att!e<l
for years againat the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has . decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who -write. It Is a hotuc
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual, weakness- resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss 3 £
strength and memory", weak back, varict-.
rele or emaciation of parts can now cure'
themselves at home. • .
The remedy naa a peculiarly grrateful
effect of warmth and seems. to act direct
to the ¦ desired location, giving strength
and development, just where it is ' needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an: absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 328 Elcktroh buildinjr
"FOrr Wayne. Ind.. statingrthat you deairo
one of their free trlar packages, will be
compiled with promptly. 'A'he Institute Is
dt-slrous of reaching that irreat class of
raen who are unable to leave home to be
.treated.. and the free sarrfpies .will enable
ineni to see how easy it is. to be cured of
sexual weakness when tho-p#oper rente- '
ilSts are employed. The Institute mak<>»
nu restrictions. Any mart who wrlteu will
Le sent a free sample. -carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient- need
cave -no : fear , of embarrassment •. or ¦ pul>-
Hcity. Readers are requested to writ*
without delay.
: -¦ • . • ' '¦ w -.,;¦. .; advertisements; "^JiL^^^^^^^o^^
ER.NGS YOU THIS ENTIRE SET OF THE GREAT
EneyeJopsedia Britanniea
x AA/^THOUT parallel in the history of educational en-
VV terprise stands the 'offer of THE AMERICAN
- ; -i|npnr^rTni' "NEWSPAPEI? ASSOCIATION to the thousands of
: ; !| P *¥_ S|||£ Mft _ friends and readers" of "The Call." .
W" -m^ : 1 ' Such an offer should, and doubtless will, have your
"ilv i iff "^ |||"~ ~~1 careful consideration.
: :;]P ± al^ra- — | The rnerits of this liberal and mammoth literary, en-
<m & IP ; ¦ Pl*^ terprise can only be judged by careful investigation.
Sit I fe Iff m. tfrii~T Every reader of "The Call," therefore is earnestly
' : 'lrf j*gp g' a solicited to give the attention to this offer that its im-
¦n|^ Ifi > liRT"! portance and liberality deserve.
¦"'^ ~jt WV i'iijfj I ' It means that the best, and heretofore most expen-
W\j *L I 41 sive. Encyclopaedia is now within easy reach of even the
iTOpH 7 " ll^l ]| boys and girls.
: ' i; iiv T 3ifr Illl " Pi Parents, encourage your children in habits of econ-
zl *slly- g|| j- f • omy for the noblest of all purposes, economy for the sake
*"'H\ 4: 3|r'-" of'education. ¦;
'!( -?fer~ ' 4 u st think of it— a saving of
|| I it i||- 1 1 • . 1 10; Cents a . Day.
l*rai|-'-1^^l : - 1 ' will secure to you the great ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITAN-
;P|_L: ;P| '¦•- Ift-- 1 :' NICA, which covers every department of knowledge
f Nt— III!-- llu- St I] known to Mankind. No. man needs any other library,
% fe §l|i, I|E no man can have a better one.
r^ 3iT" "~ N Qt onl y are Scientific and Historical subjects brought
! |\}g^ Ijj jll^ _A_| U p to date in this new edition, but a vast fund of new
ml^Pl^rtfl I information is added, relating -to the material, social, in-
P E *P>1 - : f |j Si dustrial -and educational progress; of the world, to- y
i*lll JiS^ 1 gether with .many thousand New Biographies not -V
wErillr"ife"~' in the Original Edition. - jT •
¦WP ilj : ij !| \^l Those who ACT PROMPTLY can secure ;Vg ¦;.';
I P f^ Illl Sli I ' this great work, at , . jT 1
'^^14* will t^H*^- I'- M jf null tH$ «a?«
«\W-— %M ¦ ¦ Jr to-d«yfor j»rti:u-
jKlliSH ; Half Price, / t^ A^, \
: ll^irPPy and on, easy monthly" WM/M^^^^
W^l^* fill 1 mentS amOUI'lting tO f neaw tend me iree of chan;<
MO > j| Sol iff •- y . J sample pages and full particulars of
TjL 5l§!3 I v?S j« S • Only f your Kncy clooaedla offer.
; i| I Z III I| TEN GENTS j^^^^MWMMM
31 mAoblVE VOLUiWtS. YJ t*S> I • S ' CALL BUREAU
r
Which Tear the Throat and Lungs
StllFfY COLDS
v,>. ¦ » y,- 2 j. I U y a- cJ %£
lh«t Slop op t!ie Head,
RCLiEVtO JIM TEN MINUTES AND
CURED IN ONE MGHT.
All yoy have to do in case of stuffy
colds is to place the large end of the
HYOMEI inhaler to the ncee and breathe
naturaily.
This new germicide at once destroys the
perms causing the disease, allays all irri-
tation and inflammation caused by them,
and a complete cure is effected.
It. hoarse, tiprht coughs, the small end
of the IIYOMEI inhaler should be taken
into the mouth and every breath inhalcu
throujrh same. On retiring at night, a
barrel saturated *vith HYOMEL should
be pinned to the collar of the ni^ht robe
As in head colds. HYO11EI kills the
I germs in the throat and lungs, allays ail
inflammation, the cough stops and inside
of twenty-four hours you are entirely
free from it
Croup germs cannot exist for thirty
minutos in an atmosphere of HYOMEI
HYOMEI Is the only known specific for
catarrh, bronchitis and consumption, and
the cr.iy remedy for which your money Is
refolded in case it does not cure.
5if?££ i ? 1 s r °! d bT a!l firuensts or sent by
mail Price *i 00. cr if you prefer to te E t this
vr^atmer.t for five d.iys free, send to The R. T.
I* 00 *!'- Co.. Ithaca. N. Y.
Frt J^ 5" — Would you achieve business and
pM Sjj id social 6uccess; improve your tal-
1B 9 8 ents; gratify your ambitions; cure
1 1 Sot um diseases and bad habits; and wield
xvonderful power and influence over others? If
60, v.Tite for cur book — by thirty eminent spe-
cialists. It thoroughly explains all the hidden
teciets -of HYPEOTlsM PERSONAL
M AGJ^KTTST.1. JrfAGVETIC tczkt,-
ITwGr. ETC. I* is the most remarkable work
of the century. Positively Rothing tike It ever
before published. It has brought success ta
thousands. %Ve guarantee success to you cr
forfeU $1000 in sold. .THE BOOlI TS
FTfEE. A postal card ¦ from yon xo-flay
brings the bock to-morrow. Audress
American College cf Sciences,
Dept ISA, 42O WainutSt., Phila., Pa
(An establishment de- i
voted to the making of
Spectacles and Eyc-
Glasscs. Factory on
premises «••»•»«•¦•*
>W642 St. m0
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
PerBOEally cenflacted excursions Tta thi«
route to Chietgo. New York. Boston and all
Eastern point*. For berth reservation and full
Information address
I* M. FLETCHER.
Paclflc Coast Axent.
126 California £t.. San Francisco. Cal.
2 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT 2)
5BUSE0H OFfiNATOHYf
¥ 0) :::: Kisniri.ttt. ££»:£, c.F.cii. i .
\ ~ ,t3f The Largest Anatomic*! Museum in tie \ ;
m mt Jtjii Worid. Weaknesses or any contracted m
riS VT5 * 4eist P»"'«»»*-»7«ir«s4 hyUrt oldest T
O /jSSal S>?ec«::»t on the Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
£ n*%* I DR. J0RDAN-C1SEASES OF KEN A
\ Fftvrjfl C«wn»ltanos free and strictly prime. \
r I ifti H roi;mtnl personally or by letter. A m
W a W *\ If J t «r.;wt Cwt in cicif case undertaken. \
B T (1 10 Write far Book, rKILOKOrBVar 4
V • If j 1 B4BRM6E, MAILC3 MtEIi. CAT
A ii li- *a>Bable book (or ra»n) \
V OB. 1OBD1SACO., 1051 Market Kt-.S. F. 9
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WiNSLOWS SOOTHING SYRUP
been used for over EIXTT TEARS br
MILLION'S of MOTHERS for their CHfLDREX
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD; 8OFTEN3
Vbf GtTOB. ALLATS all PAIN; CORES WIICD
COLIC, axsd la the best remedy' tot DIAR-
RHOEA. 6old by Dnursists in every part of
the 'world. Be sure and ask for
KES. WINSLOWS SOOTHING STBUP
AXD TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
The "Dr. 'tjfe. Alden Electnc
E*lt" fwlth ~>€^;~ • u « p e nsory) is
Cua-raoteed -»^-- to posseM all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and crucgitts. it gives
a very strong current of electricity and U
*-ael!y regxilated. . Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only: \O AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call cf address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Pott St.. San Francisco, or.
11*5 Broadway. New Tork.
EWONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HER3
SANITARIUM.
764-66 ClaySt, S. F..&L
V \ IXUlSEAbliSlVKEIt
-*r-m -^u^-m..- /-%. t-Kcluhi vfly by CJilnw*
t.erus. ever 1:000 ventiln bfir.s csed - H^utm
•. :*o if 31 k. m.. 1 u> 2 k:ict 7 10 'j p. ¦«.
DDTTCUI7C 1 FOR UAKBEltS.' BAK-
UUUk-.UJU hour,::. bllUrd taWe*,
brewers, bookblndere. ran<ly-mak«-r». csr.ners,
iycrr. : Rournjilis. ttiUTxlcior. Laundries, papers
toir.Kerr jirir.tf-e. taim^rs. facujritf*.
natl«-cru-n, inr-roorcTf. tar.nerf, tallora. etc - -
* ;.. .A » iiicO •..
Crush M«ttufa:r*ur3ri. 633 SacraTnj.nlo St*
f THE r WE-EKLY CALLTrapped* Oil cares rheumatlatn and neuralgia.
DrugrrlBte, C50c flask. Richard * Co., 408 Clay.
Morris Lubeck,:. the I aged, pawnbroker
at 655 Clay street, was arrested; yesterday
morning .\ by V Policeman^ O'BrienijVand
booked at the City Prison Ion a' charge of
disturbing, the peace. "' He had'anValterca
tion with Dr. R.W. Rogers," 637;Kearny
.-street, and used bad, language. ;' » <
Lubeck ¦ Uses Bad Language.
Petitions in Insolvency.
i'euuons In insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court as
follows: J. T. Penrose. merchant. Tuo
lumne County, liabilities $1615, no assets-
Fred TV". Midgley, farmer, Broderick Yolo
County, liabilities $2151, no assets
George Sametz, who was convicted by a
Jury in Judge Dunne's court on a charge
of grand larceny, appeared for sentence
yesterday. The Judge sentenced him to
fifteen months in San Quentin. He stole
a purse containing $21 from Mrs. Ida Call
1617 Broadway. • . • '
Sent to San Quentin.
., On next Tuesday evening Court Precila
of the Independent .Order, of Foresters
will give a grand entertainment and dance
to its members and a 1 number of Invited
guests, In Mission Masonic Hall, on which
occasion the services of Past Chief Ran
gers P. S. Moran, Robert McCauland and
John Grimes- will be. recognized in a sub
stantial manner.". ,
Presentation to Past Chiefs.
Beklns • Van and Storage Co. will move
and store your goods. . C30 Market street. • ,«
Continues : the Crusade.
Chief Wittman is continuing the crusade
against owners of- houses on Bacon, place,
and yesterday morning Policeman L. C.
Clark swore to a complaint in Judge Ca
banlss*. court charging Joseph Michel, a
wine merchant, with letting a. house on
Bacon place for immoral purposes. Michel
was arrested and released on bail.
Two. boys playing in \ an .excavation on
the southwest corner .of Minna.and Sec
ond streets, "found a- redwood board pro
jecting out of. the wet sand yesterday
forenoon.: Two ; of. them jumped upon the
board and ; it.^broke yintot; pieces, 'letting
them down into a. ¦ coffin containing a hu
man skeleton. .The " bones". were black with
age and were loose, all the ligaments and
the " shroud : in which the body had been
enveloped having rotted away. The coffin
was of planed lumber.' and that fact assists
in disposing of "a* murder " theory. Police
Commissioner, Huttbn' isauthority. for the
statement. that there was a graveyard in
that vicinity ( forty or -fifty years agoV . ,
trict " for Half a Cen
• ¦;> ;tury: ¦¦¦
Body Had Lain in a Business Dis-
HUMAN SKELETON ; FOUND
IN A DECAYED COFFIN
Rear.' Admiral Glass. . U. S. Js'., Mrs. Henry
Glass,. Frank Glas*,, Miss Glass, Howard G.
Stevenson; Miss ' Stevenson, Mr.' and Mrs
Archibald J. Treat, Mrs. H. S. Treat Charles
G.-Buck. Major M. A. Batson, TJ. S. A., Mr
find . Mrs. ; William H. Jordan. Mr. and Mrs.
Vanderlyn Stow," Rear Admiral "P. C- Prindle,
IT. 8.' N.. Rear Admiral Joseph Trilley, U.-S.
N., Dr. Fernando "Sanford, Captain' Jefferson
Moser. .V. S. X.. Dr. Burt Estes Howard. Dr.
Arthur Crosby, Captain Sage, U. S.- A., J. E
McDonald,' Hugh Brown. Mr. and Mrs. New
ton J. Tharp. Colonel J. B. Rawlea. U. S: A..
Mrs. J. B. Rawles. Miss Rawlea, E>r. Kdward
Hopklps. Colonel ', James Jackson,' U. S.' A
Mr«».. James Jackson. ' Mr. and .Mrs. A. P Red
ding and' Miss Redding. V' ' " "
Fernando Sanford, M. S...was the orator
of the evening. He;dellvered a highly in
teresting address on "Benjamin Franklin
—Patriot, Diplomat; Man." . Among those
present were the following: .' '
' Had I the , tongue, v ladies", and gentlemen, I
would - trace for you the career of a youth
whose father picked out for him- his profession
— a profession -which- is- the noblest under the
heavens of God — that of defending the stars
and stripes and holding life subject to the call
of country. : Were I In the' place of our hon
ored guest, and by some, miracle the bonds
of modesty which so securely tie his tongue
¦were loosened in me, I would tell you ¦ that
this youth- graduated from the Naval Academy
of .our- country .during the /war of the Rebel
lion. ;I tvould describe to you how the seconds
seemed hours, and the minutes days, and the
days years as I watched that gigantic struggle
for life of the .'North against the . South and
yearned to be in the midst of it that . I might
be able' to perform my ; simple duty • and to
tell my. children in' future years that I had
fought to ber-p the stars in the blue: flrmanerit
of yonder . flag.. And. I ..would tell -you,, also,
that I was not alone: in my fretting for In the
class with me I was Crowninshleld, that salty
sailor -Bob Evans, • and- Clark; who led 'the'
chase at Santiago in the bully Oregon.
After my graduation In 1863 I could tell you
of experiences in the blockading -fleet, engage
ments with. fort*. and batteries in Charlestown
harbor and of the capture of Georgetown. But
to tell, you of these things would call for the
relation, of deeds of personal • valor. There the
Glass tongue holds fast and you cannot get a
word.- V - • ¦ .'-.
Rear Admiral Henry.' Glass, U.S. N., was
the guest of honor at a banquet given last
evening in the rooms.of the San Francis
co Club by the Society o* American Wars,
Commanderj': of California. The affair
was a delightful one. Decorations of flags
and-flowers covered the, tables and chan
deMers. Music was furnished' by an or
chestra" stationed in an; adjoining room.
Archibald Treat opened the. speechmaking
by paying a . tribute to the guest of the
evening. In part he said:
In the precincts counted yesterday— the
Twelfth of the Thirty-third, Third and
Fourth of the Twenty-eighth, Fifth .of
the Twenty-ninth, Eighth of ; the Thirty
first and Twelfth of the Thirty-sixth—
the losses sustained by the eight contest
ants were as follows: -- *
Alpers 14, Bent in. Egrgers IS. Wilson 18.
Corhlan 24, Keagan 23. Walsh 25 and Finn 22.
The standing of- the contestants is now
" Allows: . -
Official. Loss to ¦ Present
., Vote. Date. Standing.
£lD«s 15,940 1209 14.731
g« nt 16,112 - 11C8 14.944
Ersrer. 15,953 12C1 14
16.517 1095- 15.422
goKhlan 15.C8C 792 14 8!»4
ea ,^ n 15.434 830 J4.604
j;»»«h ir,,8S« 819 a^O".T
Flnn 15.095 800 ' 14.795
In the six precincts counted yesterday
in Judge Murasky's court the .heaviest
losses were sustained by the Labor, can
didates. There . are still slxty.-s.e.ven . pre
cincts to count. The 236 precincts count
ed <eo far leave Walsh 336 votes ahead of
Alpers, Coghlan 22 ahead 'of Eggers; Bent
S4o ahead of Reagan and Wilson 627
ahead of Finn. It is expected .that as the
recount progresses the leads of * Bent
and Wilson will be Increased, while those
cf Walsh and Coghlan win be lessened:
This is due to the fact that most of the
precincts now being counted are located
south of Market street, where* the ma
jority of the ballots were cast for the
Labor party candidates. In consequence
of this the throwing out of a ballot will
reduce the number of votes cast for
Walsh, Coghlan, Finn and Reagan.
Edited by Charles S. Aiken. Contents
for March, 1902:' "Yacht Harpoon, Corin
thian Yacht Club, San Francisco," cover
illustration; "Victory. Crowning American
Navy, at .Manila. Bay,", frontispiece, from
photograph of model in clay by Rebert I.
Altken; VBallad of the Hyde Street Grip,"
Gelett Burgess;. "A Western Valley of the
Nile; the Great Interior Valley of Califor
nia," A.. J.. Wells, illustrations from pho
tographs, .by. H. C. Tibbitts; "Glimpses of
the Colorado. Desert," John Hamilton Gtl
mour; VMidwInter Football in Califor
nia,". Archie Rice, illustrated from photo
graphs by Carl E. Ackerman; "Yachting
on San Francisco Bay," Arthur Inkersley,
illustrated from photographs by F. J.
Clute, Schumacher, Sutherland, Strong,
W. C. Gibbs, Maxwell and others; "Miss
Folsom— Coquette" (short story), Robert
V. Carr, illustrations by Alfred Galpin*
"Golden Gate Park in Midwinter" (poem),
Grace . Hibbard; . "From a Globe Trotter's
Journal," Ednah Robinson; "In the Foot
hills" (poem), Clarence Urmy; "A Young
Sculptor' and His •Victory,' " Charles S.
Aiken, illustrations from photographs by
Standish; "The Challenge of the Blos
soms," Edwin Sidney Williams; Sunset
Rays— "In Sunset Land," E. R. Sill; "The
Old and the New," E. W.. Dutcher; "La
Senorita," Carrie B. :Fisk; "California—
An Acrostic," -Mabel Adams Ayer; "More
Flowers; Fruits and Trees," C. M. Lor-
Ir»g; "Colonist Rates"; "The Wishbone
Excursions." • Published monthly by the
passenger department ,of the Southern
Pacific Company, No. ,4 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
Sunset Magazine,
Labor Candidates Lose
in Precincts South of
Market Street.
American Wars Society
Honors Its Gom-
V mahder.
RECOUNT MAKES
MANY CHANGES
ADMIRAL GLASS
IS BANQUETED
. The annual Jefferson banquet of the
club will be' held Saturday, evening, April
12, and those In charge of the arrange
ments plan' to make it a memorable oc
casion.
! Police Commissioner Mahoney and Cor
oner Leland 1 were -forced- to decline nom
inations out of regard for the provisions
of the charter. . ¦ ..
| Barney D. Murphy was nominated for
president, W. W. McNear for vice presi
dent," William \M.'' Magulre for recording
secretary, Harry Wiibus for financial sec
retary, Louis H.-Mooser for y treasurer,
and the following for directors: Stephen
V.— Costello.- R. V.- Whiting," Patrick
Boland, Louis de F. Bartlett, Hull Mc-
Claughry, Frederick J. Teggart, Curtis
Hillyer, Louis T. Samuels, Dr. Z. T. Mal
aby. and William M. Cannon. .
,! The Monticello Club selected candidates
l.as.t night from' which officers for the en
suing year, wiir be chosen a, week from
next Saturday night. As befits a political
club inwhich the social features are made
particularly prominent, a pool tourna
ment had the right of way, and not until
u was, seen' that the players were too
evenly^ matched to linisn before the mid
dle of next week did the serious work of
the evening . begin.'
; Louis H.Mooser, the club's financial
secretary,-, in trying to keep run of the
pool tournament got points- and votes sad
ly mixed, and former Public Administra
tor Patrick Boland, with the * old habit
strong ; upon him , insisted that something
was being held out;. for points and balls
in his match did not - correspond. Mean
while T. Carl Spelling played a thoughful
game of billiards • by himself, occasionally
striking, some of the attitudes that were
part of the show features of Sacramento
during the last session of the Legislature.
¦ i Supervisor James P. Booth finally called
the members to order. During his presi
dency the club has occupied Its cozy new
quarters - at 23 Kearny street, has paid
off an indebtedness of $1500, and has grown
from a; membership of 150 to nearly 400,
including J prominent Democrats j all over
the State. Booth; was strongly urged to
take, the office for another term, but de
clined, and later in the evening his nom
ination for a directorship was enthusias
tically applauded, but he declined that
honor also; on account of the pressure of
other duties. :. - I
Hon. Perry Heath, secretary of^ the: Re
publican National Committee andi,former
ly Assistant : Postmaster 'General,*, is : in
San Francisco, "accompanied by- his .'wife.
He will leave for Southern California- to
(iaj\ Mr/ Heath is a director of -the; Salt
Luke and Los Angeles Railway,' in which
Senator. . Clark \ is so K largely : ,- interested;
Under the guidance of United States Sur
veyor Joseph . S. I Spear and wife ; Mr. ' and
Mrs, Heath have had ; the ; pleasure 'during
the past two days of vlsitingniany of the
places of interest of, San 'Frantlscbii'' : -' ¦.¦-'"
• General "W.. H, !L>. . Barnes .was * unajil-'
mously indorsed .by the camp "for •presi
dent of ,. the : convention^ of the -State
League of Republican Clubs. <¦-,' ' .. .. ¦ ,
For delegates to the convention of the
State League of Republican Clubs the fol
lowing, were, elected:* . ¦! '.;.•" ¦;¦'¦
Ex-officlo— Cftlofiel W. S. , Howe and Adjutant
G. W. All>ertl; at.Iarg'e — Leon E. Jones,. J. A.'
"Whiteslde, Charles Ellis," E. It. Merrlman, C.
H. Jenkins.' Harvey Burdell, -L.-C." "White, H.
T. Smith, R. E. Whitefleld, J. M.- Bailey, John
Tuttl*. W. H. H. Hart, W.' H. I.;.' Barnes, T.
H. Goddman, John T. Dare. J. H. Sloper.rW.
R. Smedbcrff," A. J. Vininjf. L. , D. : OHn. ' F.
Hanson, fM. Schlaudecker, | O H. - McCausl'an i,
W. AV. Freeland, C. P. Barbee. M.; Harris, E.
Woodward." John Dennine and J.; Cv Currier.
Colonel W.' S. Howe, Lieutenant' Colonel H:
T. Smith. Major ; R. : E. TVhlteHeld, < Officer of
the Day L. C. White' and Adjutant G. "W. .Al
bertl. • •:: - ¦. .. ... •,
Alger Camp of ,the Army and Navy Re
publican League-; met last ¦ night,' Colonel
Charles Ellis presiding. Therfollowing of
ficers were elected and Installed: '- . : "
Andrew G.' Myers,, commander-in-chief,
and J. Murray Bailey, adjutant general of
the Army and Navy Republican League
of California, have Issued orders . direct-
Ing -all camps V of- the league .to" assemble
oh or before April 1, 1902, : and elect dele
gates to- the "convention' of the f State
League of Republican Clubs, to.be held at
San Jose April 14 and-15.' Each camp in
California J is entitled to one. delegate { at
lar^re and one delegate for every twenty
five members "on the rolls. The com
mander asks that every - camp be ?. : fully
represented. '. . • • ';¦'. %
Delegates to San Jose.
j Intelligence comes from the -south that
the . sentiment against boss rule to State
affairs is . active. Indications are that
Preston and .Flint will gain amajority of
the delegates south of Tehachapl." In the
northern end of the State Preston will win
a goodly number of delegates. It may be
regarded as settled that. the State conven
tion will be held at" Sacramento. Los An
geles does not r seem to care for.conven
tion honors. The people are too busily
engaged in developing the resources of the
south and tapping the developed resources
of the tourist to give much time to" poli
tics. THeir chie/ desire Is that the Re
publicans shall. nominate a candidate for
Governor other, than Gage, Flint clubs
have been organized a s rallying points
for the anti-boss Republicans. If the
sentiment north ( should j incline toward
Preston or Pardee the delegates : would
readily join- the strongest anti-machine
column. • '" ' ¦" ;. '. -\ .' ,'- .-<
At a late. hour last evening Governor
Gage, also announced that he had ap
pointed the ; following members of the
State Mining Bureau: W. C. . Ralston,
Thomas B. Bishop and R; Q.- Drum of
San Francisco, and F. A. Harvey of Sac
ramento. .. " ,\ . .•: ¦';: " .
The Governor yesterday appointed two
Yosemite Valley Commissioners— John C.
Wilson of. San Francisco and Thomas A.
Hender of Tuolumne. Mr. , Wilson is *t
leading coal merchant of this city and is
well known ; in commercial clubs and so
ciety circles. Mr7 Hender is a resident of
Sonora, Tuolumne County. The Governor
also appointed- James W. Rea, George Y
Bollinger, P. B.^ Chamberlain, Harry P.
Moore and Charles Dunphy to the agri
cultural district board of Santa Clara and
San Mateo counties. . \
Yosemite Commissioners.
It is well understood that E. F. Preston
is on the best of. terms with Colonel Kirk
patrick of the Harbor Commission, and no
one doubts but that Paris Kilburn, presi
dent of the board. Is a friend of Thomas
Flint. Morecrver. Colonel Kirkpatrick, as
manager of the Sharon estate, will think
twice before he Renters into a combine
against Kilburn: when he ascertains that
Preston and Flint have interests In Ne
vada that will enable them to make re
prisals on Frank G. Newlands. whose'am
bition. is to,: represent that State in the
United States Senate.
Workers in" the" cause of anti-boss rule
redoubled their efforts and it soon became
known to Burns, Herrin and Gage .that
Mackenzie needed help. In order. to ren
der himf timely assistance they gave him
the job. of Harbor Commissioner. : Asa
matter of fact : Kilburn, Kirkpatrick and
Herold had given out the patronage for
this year, and Mackenzie will have "noth
ing but 1 gold bricks to proffer until ; this
time next season. He may be able to fool
seme of the "push" of Santa Clara Coun
ty with, the notion that all the men work
ing in the prune orchards can get employ
ment on the water front of San Francisco
immediately after the fruit Is gathered,
but the wise one's will demand places be
fore the harvesty Gage and Johnny Mac
kenziemay, not know.it, but it is a fact,
nevertheless,^ that ; the • gold brick ¦ game
was overplayed in the Senatorial contest
at | Sacramento, and [ Santa Clara Cdunty
contributed its full quota of victims.
Johnny Mackenzie will have the strenu
ous time of his experience in standing off
the place hunters. The task of control
ling his associates on the board will not
be easy. . " * ; \
',' Governor Gage commissioned John D.
Mackenzie of San Jose State Harbor Com
i rnissicner yesterday, to succeed Rudolph
| Herold of. Sari Francisco.:. Last Wednes
day The Call:apprised the -public, of the
fact that the Governor, at - the dictation
cl. Herrln and! Burns, had slatediMacken
zie for the placeV Vigorous f efforts .were
made by other newspapers to obtain from
Oagcan explicit: denial, of'-The; Call's ex
clusive ' announcement, ' but , the " denial in
the form desired, was not' obtained. :'¦^ The
message from Sacramento yesterday con
ve'yiner». the announcement that the Go v
ernor had signed ¦ Johnny, Mackenzie's
commission did \not contain a singl%» ele
ment of surprise. ;. Facts'- concerning the
appointment and the conferences" leading
up to the slating, of the San Jose boss had
been read and discussed j throughout the
State long before .the Governor made of
ficial announcement of the selection. 'The
Call will continue to announce in advance
Gage's appointments. .¦'• . •;"•¦:
The San Jose municipal election will oc
cur on Mayl9,;and the bosses, big: and
little, have.. been, boasting that' Johnny
Mackenzie would' make . the first delivery
cf | goods in May and the final delivery of
the Santa Clara : delegation to Gage at the
August' primary The unusual
boasting had an- effect just the opposite
to what was intended.
San Jose- Machine Weak..
Barney D.- Murphy Nomina
¦ ted for Organization's .
J . President.
'Santa Clara Boss Must Wait
for Sliare of Harbor '
Patronage. •
Gage Appoints -San
Josean / to Succeed
Rudbiph Herold. .
Monticello Club j Sel ec'ts
Ticket for the Next
.' : " r T : " : Election.
POOL MINGLES
WITH POLITICS
JOHN MACKENZIE
GETS THE PLAGE
THE SA^ FItAy CISCO At.Ii, . SUJSTDAY, MARCH 16, 1902. ,
28
The -Newest M ii I in ery
: ¦:. There is:, a -lively activity in — -^-v
our. millinery department in S r^&^S/f}$Ss 1 '
" preparing . for the great bust- ' f r tSA • v^C>vkiS"
1 ness' that ' will center, in this ' fj'1%? JifryKs!^^
part of our store this season, if /W
We are 'even now ready for
those ladies who want the' very iyf/^^^^^^^m^^
newest ideas in the season's Jtaillll>
made - up especially : for our \^y
.opening sale; they are such r^£> fX 5
hats as you;usually pay $io or \-~^?^^v J^/^^^
$12 for; they are perfect spring "c? '
beauties j including handsome *^"o!^^^^^^^^^?t'
color and black . chiffon :• hats, ' v lW^^^S^r "^
in the nevv colonial shapes; m $j&$Wx'^*"\^
Eiderdown Sacdues
We, now. have on special sale several dozen ripple Eider-
down, sacques, purchased by us much under 'their 1 regular value
of^$2 and:$2,5o; colors— red, purple, ;blue, old rose and gray;
all sizes;- special price- 1 - - ; \'\ ,
AVool Albatross Waists
A r splendid lot of women's light spring • waists, neatly
tucked, in , piretty shades i of Ipink; blue; red, green*: arid black;
r worth , $if. 50 .and ' $3.50; . sizes, 32 to 42 ; closing the waists out
V7H #7% /7^ >
±JB 'B jff g ff ' b m a /rktt ff J S\
¦ -'* 1 ?i | ;<M^f •M^vv^(rV:" ; (/V''^v(f '
'. I . .'¦".. AJVEBTI5EMENT3. __^
i' ' ~ -¦¦.'¦¦ : r ¦¦ \ . ¦ - y "
" ..¦¦'"--¦ * . Jf * ¦
SPECIAL,
During the past week we have rsceived a Yeru
large importation of BLEACHED DAMASK
TABLE NAPKINS, and will offer'all this week
some extraordinaru values in these goods,
FIVE SPECIMEN VALUES.
ONE LOT
300 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS,
8 different designs-. --Price $2.00 Dozen
ONE LOT
200 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS
in 10 yeru handsome designs
Price $2.50 Dozen
ONE : LOT WB&
450 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK
NAPKINS, beautiful designs and extra
large size — •• Price $3.00 Dozen
ONE LOT \
2K Djozen DOUBLE DAMASK NAPKINS,
These measure 24 and 26 inches stiuare —
.5 ..;........... .... . .Price $3.50 Dozen
ONE LOT
ty; i5OJ)ozen>FINE SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS,
extra size and veru handsome designs ......
. . ... ;. . : ;. v.v. ; . . . . ; 1 .^ Price $4.50 Dozen
; The alOYe Napkins are from ' four of the leading Irish
• manufacturers/; are all warranted pure linen, and
most^jf the designs we Gan match In either Tahle Linen
or Tahle Cloths.' :
EXTRA SPECIAL.
75 pieces CURTAIN DRAPERY MUSLIN, 36
- incfles wide and assorted patterns--
...................... ....Price 10c Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
7 ' forwarded free to any address.
HI- !I3; 115. 117; 119, 121 POST STREET.
BBBflBBBBHBBBBflJBBBBHBBBBBBflBflBBBBaBBHBEaBai&BBa
¦ ™ - ¦ • ¦¦ -. •'.•*-.¦¦¦'¦. ¦ ¦ ' .¦ - ¦ * ! . ' ¦ - *i-*. ,. 9|
! Sacrifice Clearance Sale. I
B - * - -...;•'.¦.;-.•... i . •¦ * ; . ... . mm
¦ _.,, The , be^? nlnfro . f tbia sale. was certainly a phenomenal success, but we 5?
B > will make the coming ,week even more Interesting by offering some of the K
B "ffMT^ t Ti?S 1 * u 5 8/e XS P u? ff!ered v to ? an Fr anclsco. A big stock of MUSIJN o
¦ S«? E^T^ R ; Z hic £ A as OUS^ by Mn Steen - haa 3 ust arrived from the 5
¦ Et V>, *X c< ? n J?. elle « *° close^hem out at once and will give our custom- £
¦ era the benefit of the situation. These goods will without doubt so with a «
i J U 4 h «?^ We d Tl s . eyoU v t J °^ c ° m 1 ? 6arly to secure some °f t°«m- Here are a B
¦ few of the grood things which will gro on sale to-morrow. ¦ 5
S Drawers. Skirts a
0 Made of «oocl quality muslin, with ivf a ,»« „# „„„* n* " v , _, ,_ a
g dainty, embroidery; w-orth 35c; sale Made of sood <l ualIt y cambric, with H
«j price .......23c pair lac© insertion and edging; worth B
a Drawers., ?i:Q0; sale price 79 C B
H Made- of fine quality muslin, with Sklrtc
n embroidery or lace edge; worth 50c; "-.'. • »" «"»"*=»• rj
U sale price 34c pair Made of good quality muslin, with ZS
Q ' Drawers. dee P embroidery flounce; worth 83c; B
H Made of fine quality muslin, hand- sa le price 6Sc B
gj somely tucked with wide embroid- <.i,i_* B
01 ery; worth>75c; sale price. -48c pair oKlrtS. . g
EB Night Co wns. Mad© of fine quality cambric, with H
H Made of good quality muslin, with deep embroidery flounce; worth JL25-
n insertion of lace or embroidery; well sale Drice ct« Be
S finished; worth 51.25; sale price.. 89c ""ew B
S Skirts ¦ ¦' i - Skirts. »-.
H Made of good quality cambric, with Made °* fl P e qualIt y cambric^wlth 3 g
2 extra wide flounce: worth $1.50; sale rows of lace insertion; worth $1.33; H
5 P^ce .....:....... S1.1O sale price „ S1.O5 ¦
B Skirts. Skirts. a
S Made fine quality cambric, with Made of finest quality cambric with 2
S d , c eP flounce; nicely tucked; worth very deep flounce, beautifully : fin- H
H $1.35; sale price ...¦ $1.05 ished; worth $1.85; sale price !..«1.45 B
B W fx,? a:v 1 m ?& 6 another reduction in LADIES' WOOL UNDERWEAR- 3
S everything in this department must go, as we need room, for our SDrimJ S
n--g?; d &oo°Sf 1 OTweir^.!! l . thaa ' beea " CrOWded daily - We repeat our P offef |
B ing goes on sale to-morrow at.:.. i oi/JS 3f a m
B An enormous business haa been done in our ribbon department wJrl S
B^-Peat our offer from last week.. No better values to be had anywhere nltt 3
B quality Taffeta Ribbon; all the leading color 8 ; worth 15c- sale SrideO^ £,r! n
§ .• Finest quality Liberty Satin mall, shades; wofth 25c; |
I J. M. LEVEE & CO. S
? Southwest Corner Geary and Powell. I
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaHBBBBgBBBBBBBS
WE OWN OUR OWN BU1LD1WG-WE PAY NO RENT.
O 1^ r rr A Ti ffl -,T7T-»? GoIden oa & finish, with French bevel plate glass, at fig-
CHAMotLK j'wes to meet anybody's purse. We are house furnishers.
5 Will furnish throughout for the smallest possible sum.
OU11 - C ' :> I Parlor and Dining-Room Sets, Draperies and Rugs,
&. ____ — 6. Stoves, etc.. But don't borrow any money to buy here.
TWO CARLOADS Of CflffPETS JUST IN. PRICES WAY DOWN.
Fre^deliverytp Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley
thej ;£2>? nAn furniture: co., inc.
1017-1023 Mlaalon Street, above Sixth, San Ppancls-o
WE CLOSE AT 6 P.M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR.
__ ADVERTISEMENTS.- --¦ ; 'WlJZ&z&tfZi
BffBBBBBBBHBHDBHHBBIHBBBBHBBBBBBBEBBBBEBBraBBIHB
Bn — : ; — -r-T-O B
n - ¦ - .,.¦.--> ¦;:¦¦. .*.;... *- ;> ;•-•:¦ ...%, -¦ m
13 ' mim ¦'• J ' ~ " ,^mm^ '• ' ¦' ' Kl
I /$rx\ -y^--.- ¦¦•¦¦ ¦ "'¦ :::: " ; -- : : '¦¦: : ' : ' " ; "'' : ¦¦¦¦:' "i : " : ' •' 'E
B 'f^\ ' ¦ ¦ -"' •-""" " ' ' ¦ ¦-;>'¦".>'-' •'¦• '.' ¦ - '¦'. ' - ' ¦ - EB
S 1 "S S-l\ LOW pR HIGH SHOES TO MATCH THE NEW S
n / '? * I \ SPRING GOWNS AREFlEflDY; DAINTY IN DE- B
§ Kfe* ; j /£? SIGN. MATERIAL AND M^KE; BLACK, PAT- |
H W>^^S^^ ENT AND LATEST COLORED LEATHERS; Sa
S ALSO MORE SUBSTANTIflL STYLES FOR "j
- 2f llSmi ' STREET AND BUSINESS WE^R. - < « I
« ¦' - "1 ¦ • ' -y •':.-•• ¦¦'¦- . ..' ..: |
\ ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ • ra
I Men's " 1 1 : ; 1 > 1
| WaSk-Over Shoes. -.J^^-.". |
g WALK-OVERS ARE SO FflR IN ADVANCE^^HT'--'-.'^- # |
a OF flNY OTHER $3.50 SHOE FOR MEN \>i$!Sl^l&BB' H
g THAT THEY'RE IN A CLASS BY THEM-' 'UwlzH^K'' H
SJ SELVES — UNflPPROACHED AND' lUNAP-^ ' - : ' WMBHRhI'' I
g PROACHABLE-IN STYLE, IN QUALITY. lJflli|lS H
g IN EASY-FITTING FEATURES; ; LATEST '¦•^JSHSBBtB-.' S
D LASTS AND LEATHERS. NEWEST TOEfijggHgjjP^K-- 1 §
2 SHAPES, HIGH-CUT AND OXFORD STYLES^^ nmfBfrBP «t g
0 • •. • . ., •.-.'•¦?. r . .- ¦'"¦• ' t- • ; ¦ ' P
U WalK-Ovcr Sljoes in tcp different stages of roanufacture— fg
g on cxhibitioo in tlje. north window: to-day— furnish quite an B
? object lessoo >n the art of sljoemaKing: - S
a ..•¦¦•' ;-¦; \ '• ; » ¦; -. -.. < ¦• .. ¦.., ; ,. . ¦. /.:...::¦ m
! Walkover Shoe Store, !
1 /% /=V WRIGHT 6k SON, ; g
S 924 Market Street^ Opposite Emporium/ I
a A ¦ — -— -'- : '" V ' ' • '¦ V" ' /: 6h
HBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHHBBHBBBgBBBBBBBS
. '¦ . . , EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
The Wrong Glasses
Will Ruin the Strongest Eyes!-
¦AWARNINQ!
TO THE PUBLIC: 'MR. GKORGE MAT-
ERLE is In no waycbnnected'with a party who
opened next door to. Mr. George Mayerle'o old
established Optical' place," calling himself "May-
erle & Co." . For this. reason look for GEORGE
MAYEKLE'S number: ' .
_«^Bft»w When wishing to consult
' GEORGE MAYEBLE do not
'^^SS^'S^f a3k tor "Mr. Mayerle," but
£/&j)$!n£C^' INSIST upon seeing
- {fjGSg^v CEORCE MAYERLE,."
Who is indorsed by the high-
est authorities. Remember the. number — 1071
Market street.' An Eye with a Crown on every
window indicates GEORGE MAYERLE" S Op-
tical Institute; entrance '
107-1.
CEORCE MAYERLE
German Expert • Optician, • 1071 ; Market Street. '
THE AM ERICAN AUTHORITY :
On matters of : Sanitation , and \ Hygiene,' The
American Journal of Health, says: .' 4
"George Mayerle' s latest and most Improved
method of examining and correcting most com-,
plicated ! cases of defective ! Eyesight .has been
approved by - the . highest ' authorities'. "—Ex-
tract from ithe 1 American - Journal of Health, '
New' York, October, 1898.
From Re?. Father Augustine McCIory.
: It gives me much pleasure' to recommend to
the publjf Mr. George Mayerle of 10T1: Market
street," San' Francisco, strictly as a skillful and
expert -optician. ¦- My sight began to fail 'In
1877, twenty-flve years ago, . and since that
Inie I have been wearing glasses.fl consulted
a prominent optician in Chicago, Dr. Holmes.
At different times since. that I have had lenses
fitted on In St. Louis, Cleveland, Ohio, and
also tried. the. Flfth-avenua opticians in Pitts-
burg, who claim to be among the best In their
line in the country. I do not hesitate to say
that I have met with better and more satis-
factory results with Mr. Mayerle than with
any of the above named, who have much higher
pretensions. Respectfully,
FATHER AUGUSTINE McCLORY. O. F. M
St. Boniface's Church, 115 Golden Gate ave
San Francisco.' * '.'
NOTICE— Mr. George Mayerle Is responsible
only for glasses obtained from him, which are
In every case ABSOLUTELY CORRECT. Re-
member the number,
107.1.
chr J 1 1^^. N( 1? LUS f ivc ! 1l you ¦ the nieans to- be d- musician in a very;' :
i S^^SJS • ? l W - " e^l ble you t0 play a °y and all-music as on^
tnr/nf S P1^ St - S phy;it Throu g h the ANGELUS the. piano litera-
i turc of the world is at, your, command.. '< ... .'
tory of all piano players: it v/as the original. The /beautifully voiced
effects luc^ \V?h " A^S- E - L H S has '^le you to' give fiVe orchesfral
citects such as the composition demands. - • .
Psycho, the musical, mystery, is now performing bn the An-
gelus in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s windows. . ¦ ¦':• [ I , , • ' ¦
Some people say that. Psyxho is a "lmman being; while others de-
Psycho plays in the. afternoons between the hours of, rand s - 10 and
jn the evenings between 7:30. and o-Sundav s excepted: * : *™$ : $
L / e boo^ c t w h'ch tells all aUout- the ANGELUS.' ¦ ¦ ¦
The ANGELITS is made in three styles— prices 825O S27>; o,, ,i
Sherman, Clay &Cck
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts^ S. F.COLLISION BETWEEN ELECTRIC (AND CABLE CARS. AT THE CROSSING OF JONES AND LEAVENWORTH
STREETS LAST EVENING, IN WHICH FOUR PEOPLE WERE INJURED AND THE ROLLING STOCK
. CONSIDERABLY DAMAGED. : ONE OF THE VICTIMS. '
William . i Cole . and Robert • Garner, the
foctpads who" held up Demetrius Christian
at Bush' street and Bush place on the
early' morning of March 10 ¦ and- a few
minutes later held.up 1 Policeman Mulcahy'
and took, his, revolver. from him, appeared
in " Judge'-, Conlan'sfcou'rt. yesterday on two
charges . of ' robbery". l As Judge' Conlan ,1s
still 111 'Judge' Cabaniss by consent' con
tinued-the cases till March 19.*. The police
expect tor have other charges • to prefer
against Cole and ¦ Garner. ?$;¦-'.< . •
Cole and Garner in Court.
For. the first time in this city, at Fisch
er's Theater to-morrow night, a magnifi
cent performace of "Little Christopher,",
a delightful , musical burlesque, will - be
given, that promises to be<a revelation
There are forty new musical numbers ani
specialties. ¦¦
Great Production Promised To-Mor-
row Night.
A REVELATION.
F. Levy, whose place of business li 410
Kearny street and whose residence is at
1235 Laguna' street, is a son of the de
ceased.
Mrs. Levy had been sick for a long time.
She had been an inmate of a sanitarium
a few weeks ago and a surgical operation
was to have been performed, but the phy
sicians omitted the operation because of
the advanced age and enfeebled condition
of the, patient. - ; ; .
Mre. Eva Levy, a widow, 75 years old,
was- found /yesterday morning asphyx
iated; In, bed In- her room at 1227 -Geary
street. Both keys on the sag chandeliers
were turned fully on. The windows were
closed, but Mamle ( Clark, s.ervant for Mrs.
J. A.. Hirschf eld; the landlady, said that
the room door, was about two inches ajar.
On the. floor below the chandelier were a
gas ¦ lighter ¦ a'nd * two partly burned
matches. The gas flxtureswere In perfect
order except that one key was rather
stiff and hard to turn.
by Death.
for a Long Time, Believed
Mrs. Eva Levy, Sick and Enfeebled
AGED WIDOW IS FOUND
. ASPHYXIATED IN BED
¦ banners and potted palms and flowers.
. The entrance to the reception quarters
' was draped with the national colors, and
stands of arms and an ambulance stretch
• cr were used in the plan of decoration.
A large platform was erected for the
I use of the military bands, and tastefully
cecorated lunch tables were set, Hhe ta
¦ blcs being in charge of members of the
local Red Cross Society.
The reception opened at 3 p. m., and un
til 6 p. m. there was a large crowd pres
: tnt, the majority being of the fair sex.
Llusic was furnished by the Third Ar
tillery band from the Presidio and the
' ," r.aval training station band from Goat
• Island. A feature of the reception was a
drill by fifty of the naval aprentices,
Pressed in full uniform and carrying 1
urns.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
Etate Red Cross Society, and Mrs. John
F. Merrill, president of the San Francisco
branch, were assisted by a large number
c£ ladles In receiving: the visitors. Briga
adier General Oscar F. Long of the trans
port service was the guest of honor of the
eociety, and many officers from the Pre
ridio and other military and naval sta
tions were also present-
Mayor Schmitz -Gives Praise.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz delivered a
chort address, and he was given a hearty
reception by those present when he was
escorted by Mrs. Harrington and Mrs.
Merrill to the platform.
In introducing the Mayor Mrs. Harring
ton said: "Ladles and Gentlemen—Al
though the ladles are In the majority this
afternoon, we are indebted to the gentle
men who have so loyally etood by /us In
our work of help for. the soldiers. It Is
¦with great pleasure that I introduce to
you Mayor Schmitz, who has kindly con
eented to address us." . • . .
Mayor Schmitz spoke as follows: La
dies ani Gentlemen — I have been request-'
cd to say a few words to the T.ed Cross
Eociety, and it affords me the greatest
pleasure to do so and say a few words of
praise to you for the noble work In which
you have been engaged. In two years
this society collected 5180.000 for' the sick
soldiers, and the work of the society has
attracted the attention of the whole
•world. The work of the Red Cross So
ciety is a sublime one. We are too prono
to recognize In victory the achievements
of our soldiers and sailors, but their valor
Is paralleled by the efforts of our Ameri
can women. The work of giving aid "to
our Bick soldiers will ever stand as a
bright star in the glorious records of our
country. I trust that the -country will
r.ot again need their noble . services, and
that we may ever enjoy peace and pros
perity."
If aval Lads Win Plaudits. -
The drill by, the naval apprentices was
sands of men are to return from the Phil
ippines In the course of a few months. I
am daily in receipt of letters from parents
of >soldier3 asking the Red Cross Society
to look out for their sons. We need funds
to carry on the work, for our treasury is
depleted. We have ever received gener
ous assistance .from , the public and the
press, and I ; feel sure that further help
will be forthcoming when the need for
contributions Is known."- •
"Not a day passes," said Mrs. Harring
ton,',' ' that I do - not - receive ; requests : to
help from eight to a dozen soldiers. Thou-
At, the close of the reception Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, State president of the Red
Cross ; Society, stated that funds were
urgently needed for carrying on the work
of helping the sick soldiers.. Mrs. Har
rington said that it was- a mistaken. idea
for. people to^hink that as. the war was
oveivhere was no work for the Red Cross
Society to do. \
Sacramento table — Mrs. R/ I. Bentley;-
The young ladies of the Aklen Club, In
ternational Sunshine. Society and the
Misses Fritch, Pratt, Stefan and Mabel
C. iShrler also assisted in serving refresh
ments. , .
San Jose table — Mrs. A. T. Herman, Mrs. J.
H. Henry, Mrs. Stanley Wyllie and Mrs. B.
C. Longdon.
Oregon table — Mrs. I S. L. Kline and Miss
Hazel Kline of CorvaUls, Or.
Sausallto table — Mrs.-= J. . ¦W. Harrison. Mrs.
A. H. Mays, Mrs. H. C. Miller, Miss I. Fiedler
and Mn. James Wasser.
Ladies Who Beceived Guests.
San Francisco .table— Mrs. - 1. .. .Lowenberg.
Mrs. W. R. Parneil. Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle.
Mrs.'J. Black, 'Mn. "W. H. Mills,: Mrs. Arthur
W. , Cornwall, - Mies N. Steele. Miss Marion
Snoek. Miss Tilllnshast, • Mi*s E. McComber,
Mrs L. I. Vale. I I>r. Dorothea . Moore. Mrs.
John Gilmore,. Mrs. E. ¦ Stadtmuller. Mrs. D.
Voorhles Miss M. Rcl«," • Mrs. A. Mack, Mrs.
M. Myrick, Mlsi G. McGlven and -Mrs. Chaun
cey Winslow. > . . • ' . -
Ban Francisco tea , table— Mrs. E. Clark,
Miss M. E. Langton. Miss Adabelle Langton
and Miss Caroline Huffman.
Oakland and Alameda tables — Mrs. I. L.
Reo.ua, Mrs. S. A. ¦ O"Nen. Mrs. L. Everett.
Mrs. \V T. V«lch, Miss E. Klttrldpe, . Mrs.
Oscar Fi Lonr. Mrs. B. G. Abbott, Mrs. Wil
lard Barton,. Mrs. -A.' Blanchard. - Mrs. C." H.
Klnjr, Mm. E. B. = Beck, Mrs. H... G. Brown,
Mrs. Oscar Luninr, Miss Mae Coogan." Miss
Kate Chabot. Mlas MolHe Connors, Mrs. L.
Llllencrantz, Miss Edith Llllencrantz. . Mrs.
Richard Derby, Mrs. : John W. Phillips and
Miss Florfime Brown. - t ; ¦ • •
The "ladies who presided at the-;' lunch
tables, and- who assisted Mrs. W. - B. Har :
rinston and Mrs. * John F. • Merrill In • re
ceiving were as follows: ...
The programme included short addresses
by Herbert Lewis on /'Red Cross. Work
at Calveston" and "Work for the Sailor"
by Mrs. Bowman McCalla. The rendition
of "The Star-Spangled- Banner" by Mrs.
Richard Bayne and "War Songs" by the
Knickerbocker Quartet aroused enthusi
asm. '.' '.
The generosity of the ladles of the Red
Cross was ' shown in the bountiful
cheon served to the apprentices, the
musicians of the bands and to all the
visitors. ." -v > •
thoroughly enjoyed by the guests and the
antics of the small goat that Is the mascot
of the boys caused hearty laughter. War
rant Officer J. R. Daly was in command
of the naval squad and the manner in
which the lads went through the manual
of arms' and the setting-up exercises
evoked considerable applause.
SCENES AT THE BIG RALLY AND REUNION OP THE RED CROSS SOCIETIES OP THE STATE OP CALIFOR
NIA. THAT TOOK PLACE IN THE BIC FERRY BUILDING YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, BEING LARGELY
ATTENDED BY THE FAIR SEX.
j^> OR the worthy cause of help-
M ln e the sick and needy sol
g J diers of the country who are
M * returctos from the Philippines
£g the ladies of the State Red
"^^ Cross Society and its auxil
•iarics held a rally and recep
tion yesterday in the nave of the ferry
building, meeting with complete success
In the undertaking.
The south half of the nave was used
for the occasion and was beautifully deco
rated with American flags, Red Cross
Members of the Humane Organization Meet in Nave of Ferry
Depot and Commemorate Work Conscientiously Performed.
STATE RED CROSS SOCIETY
HOLDS RECEPTION AND RALLY
FOUR PERSONS ARE SEVERELY INJURED IN DOUBLE COLLISION
AND CARS OF ELLIS AND JONES STREET ARE DAMAGED
The State Council' of. the Junior Order of
"United -American Mechanics will bo held
this- year; In Woodmen's Hall, Oakland,
commencing next \ Tuesday, morning*
American Mechanics' State Council.
Harvey was taken into dough's "6rtig
store.Vat the corner of: Ellis "and Jones
streets, where hlsleg.wa% set by Doctors
ZobelVand Himmelsbach. Harvey said he
did", not :kndw; how it happened, except
that : the Jones-street .car 'came crashing
Into ",the < Ellis-street car 'and : before ". he
could : get out of . his seat . he .'was- struck
by j the j rear . rail ' and ' was \ pinioned " to . his
seat until the car was". pulled; away.
- When the collision occurred' car 64 was
thrown, off the track. The glass in both
cars was broken land the end 'of car 54
was; so badly damaged and its running
gear "' so disarranged that • it was neces
sary to send It to .the California-street
carhouse for repairs.'
Is Thrown Off 'Track.
badly,. Injured. He held • on • to the ran,
which ¦. bumped Into the forward end of
car 562, and had two "of his fingers badly
crushed; and his. shoulder blade broken. -
: The passengers In car 562 fared - worse,
C. L. Harvey, a medical student living at
1321" Devisadero street, was struck on the
right . leg, which . ; was j broken in . ¦ two
places. ¦ ¦ J. W. Dlsbrowy. a " painter . Irving
at 1107 -• Page .' street, was ¦ cut : about ¦ tho
head and also suffered a, dislocation of
the left clavicle. '^F.Barr, a rigger, living
-at 1210 Stanyan street, i who was holding
on to the stanchion, had his fingers badly
crushed. r !¦
C. L. HARVEY, - 1321 De-',
visadero street, ; double frac
ture of right leg. , :
.¦ j;;* w. DiSBKOw, , \ioi
Page i street, - lacerated' wound .
right eaT and dislocation of
clavicle." . ¦ .-JV "'. ' \: \ i
. ROY FOWZER; (boy),; frac
ture right .' clavicle/ lacerated i
wound right ear.,- • ;
P. .BAKB,i -1210 '.Stanyan .
street, crashed fingers.
THE INJURED.
After more than an hour's hard work
both ..tracks were cleared. "While the
blockade lasted the Ellls-atreet cars were
s£nt out over" the Eddy-street line.
Peter D. Hennessey, who was a pas
senger on car 562, says that it was the
carelessness of the gripman and conductor
of car 54 In leaving their car on the grado
on Jones street that caused the second
accident. He said: "When -I first saw
the car the men were trying to catch the
cable. It -suddenly started off and cams
down the hill and . bumped Into us. I
Jumped in time to save myself, but tha
others did not seem to realize the dan
ger.'fjtSgB
.To the careless manner In -which ¦ the
Jones-street cars- are run the accident la
due, It is claimed.
. Car 54. was in & very dilapidated condi
tion. ' The roof and rail around the plat
form wero . demolished, the grip broken
and every pane of glass in it was shat
tered. Car 653 came out of tho collision
with slight injuries, but car 582 was forced
to go to the car shed for repairs. It was
damaged nearly as mucn as car 54.
Much Damage Is Done.
Disbrow says he had no warning of tha
disaster. He was standing near where
Harvey, was sitting and was struck by
the car. His ear was cut and he felt a
soreness in his shoulder. When he wa3
removed to the Emergency Hospital. Dr.
Bunnell found that his shoulder was dis
located. . ...
Little Roy Powier, as soon as he wa>
hurt,, ran- down Ellis street to Taylor an*
down Taylor to Eddy street. In front o£
Smith's drug Btore he had to give up, but
he was able to tell where ha lived and
his parents were notified. He- wa3 taken
to the Kmergrency Hospital and Dr. Bun
nell put 'his shoulder into shape, besides
dressing his bruised fingers and patching
up a. number. of lacerations on his scalp.
Bar r continued on his way home as soon
as the track was cleared.
-While ¦;¦ the , conductor .: and gripman ot
car 1 54 were [ endeavoring ., to ¦ get it Mnto
shape it "started , down the. grade, and a
few seconds later crashed Into westbound
car 562 of the Ellis-street -line,- as that car
stopped to let ', off ' some ; passengers. : Car
662 was ] In > charge !• of V Conductor, O.' : E.*
¦ Alley J. and . Motorman *,W." ' H." ; Heuston;
Both say i the f Jones-street : . car came 'upon
: them i so suddenly; that -they \ had no : time
to'avbld! the"; collision; .': ;-,...; .
. ,. Car^ 562 \was , crowded > with . passengers.
There.were' a' number, of boys on the rear
end of , car 54, ¦ and many." of • them ; jumped
off. ; Hoy •'"¦' Fowzer.^ of ¦ 1148 ; Market .; street,"
stayed' with .the car, and as a result was
Car ; Breaks ; "Lo o se.
s The Jones-street 1 car^ came" to a sudden
stop . and the »j Ellis-street car \ struck ¦ it
on "the: end and 'threw-it: off -the: track/
breaking the grip. ; Efforts were made at
once .to . push the car .'ahead, , and by the
assistance "of Volunteers , it • was run some
distance up i the -street, v In order that it
mightbe hauled to the carhouse.
The westbound cars . of the Ellis-street
line ¦ have the ; right of .way. Car 64 of
tho •¦ Jones-street line,' ¦ In chargre : of Grip
man .William. Miller, and Conductor : R. H.~
Turhbelli dashed'on to the intersection of
Jones | and Ellis streets as car 65S of the
Ellis-street line. In charge of T. L. Weber,"
motorman, and Jotin Bertleson, conduc
tor, approached. ,." - ¦ , -'¦ ¦ .•
. Street Railway Company was
the offender and cars 558 and 662 'of the
Ellls^street -' line | :of the j Market ' Street
Railway : Company were concerned. ,. All
three r cars . were more | or less | damaged,
but ; the Jones-street ; car came out - of the
collision [ in the t worst shape. : . ;
i . It Is • the habit of • the conductors and
grlpmen on what .Is popularly ; known as
the Vdlnkey" branch ; of , the, California
street line to make as quick time between
terminal points 1 as the exigencies ' of . the
service Jwill permit The , accident" In j this
instance .was probably due , to this fact. I
. ni persons j were Injured
Bf y."; {"\shortly * before " 6 .' o'clock last
: B -J 'night at the; corner , of Ellis
g, :!'¦' and Jones streets in 'a collision
rtM .,• .-. ./in which car 54 of : the . Jones?
-^- "•¦ street branch of .'tlie .Calif ornia
Passenger Vehicle on Cable Road Ob
structs One Speeding Electric Car and
Then Crashes Into Another.
"The, time has come when this matter must
be i viewed i from', the standpoint of : public
progress.--,. Cemeteries;; like people,- must' move
onward • to make ¦ room - for those pressing be
hind. | It is unreasonable to Bay that a ceme
tery, I once founded, • should | remain | forever ' in
the heart of a- great city, and retard the > ad
vance of improvements ... and population. ; - Tha
New - Tork -. Supreme - Court has • said 'that the
question .' of ; the .removal or the • dead i from
cemeteries to, make room for urban advance is
to-day no longer debatable. : The question before
this court is whether the Board of ¦ Supervisors
can legally prohibit burials i within; the limits
of San Francisco. '.Can It be denied that if a
cemetery were ¦ located . anywhere north of Ful
ton and Market (streets the -Supervisors, repre
senting the. wishes, and desires, of the : people,'
would have power to remove the same?. I main
tain that this . ordinance is, valid even though
it ; applies \ to another section • of ¦ the city, r ; ..;•
; : McEnerney ; cited , several "other v authori
ties' relative to .the subject, and oh his an
nouncement \ that? It i would ' be \ Impossible '
for him to* complete his 'argument during.
the v day', an 1 adjournment: was taken 4 until
next Friday afternoon.^ ;
McEnerney* cited many : authorities In
support of -his contention.- <. He' insisted
that there was a vast and Important;dif
ference between the terra to regulate and
regulation itself.' To. regulate was one
thing.'but regulation "was widely, different.
Thus a municipal regulation" may be of
such a character as ' to j prohibit the per
formance "of .'certain -acts, 'and. not merely
regulate them: : The. police: power of San
Francisco i was not limited to . the j regula
tion of .nuisances perse or of nuisances of
any, description whatsoever. ; The regula
tion of cemeteries was a 1 reasonable exer
cise of police power, and the speaker con
tended that' there were .'authorities up
holding that view. : Resuming he said: . ¦
Attorney. McEnerney. followed; with a
strong argument in- defense of the ordin
ance. He contended that every munici
pality In California had the same right to
exercise police powers within Its territory
as has a sovereign State. If.lt was.con
ceded by. the other side that the Legisla
ture had power to enact a law. prohibiting
the burial of ¦ people, then a municipality
like San Francisco " had . the same power.
Before the adoption of the constitution of
1879 municipalities were granted certain
powers by -the Legislature, but since that
time the' municipalities were free to'exer
cise of their own volition the powers
formerly j conferred • upon them by the
Legislature...
Power, of Municipalities.
"This ordinance is void because.it unjustly,im
poses upon adjoining counties the duty of bury
•ing the dead of San Francisco. If San Mateo.,
Marln ; and ; Alameda ' counties • were i to , enact
similar laws, • what would become of ' the dead
of San Francisco? It would virtually create. a
monopoly of the burial business. The ordinance
is void because it attempts to make a nuisance
by special enactment of a business which is -hot
a nuisance per se, but an absolute public ne
cessity. It is the duty of the court to declare
such an ordinance invalid. The relatives J of
the dead who- own plats in the- various ceme
teries will be- deprived of certain' rights arls~
Ing -under .-contracts: held by them,' if this
ordinance is I upheld. - ! For . the ¦ reasons glvon
the Judgment of the • lower court ¦ was in error,
and this appellant should be discharged.
Haven cited-. a Portland case similar to
the one under discussion, in which it was
held that such a- law -was unreasonable
and therefore . Invalid. - Arbitrary | and op
pressive laws were held by all courts to
be unconstitutional, and Haven contended
that the burial -ordinance was both ar
bitrary and oppressive; The right to reg
ulate burials was conceded by Haven, but
there was a. vast difference between regu
lation and prohibition, and . it. was just
here that- the Supervisors crossed, the con
stitutional limits. Resuming he said: *A
"I -concede nothing," replied Haven.
"All I say is that it has been done in oth
er States. .; This ordinance is unjust, un
reasonable and '. unfair, and therefore'in
valid. „, There ; are 30,000 acres of j unoccu
pied land in .this city and county remote
from public. occupation, and the use ot
these vast tracts for burial purposes Is in
no sense a nuisance, nor. can it be of dam
age to any. citizen. An ordinance which
prohibits burials within j such a vast ter
ritory, is: unreasonable,- . and • necessarily
void under the provisions of the constitu
tion." •: ¦ --¦- -:¦•• -- ¦- - . • ¦ • - . •
"Do , you '. concede that, the Legislature,
may j pass a - law - empowering the - Super
visors of San •> Francisco to ; prohibit
burials?',' asked McEnerney. -"•- i : .. . i T,
Haven resumed with the statement that
cemeteries are not nuisances except by
reason of special facts, none of which ap
pear in the case at Issue.' He; cited* from
authorities in support "of his contention
that the popular prejudice against- ceme
teries was largely based on superstition.
Then, referring to the question of munici
pal control, Haven said that there was no
authority conferred, either by -tho- constU
tution or the charter, upon the Board of
Supervisors to prohibit burials 'in San
Francisco. The constitution confers mere- ;
ly police power in the matter.? of - regu-r
lating the public health^. while the charter
only empowers the Supervisors . to abato
nuisances .and to exercise Its,." ordinary,
functions in the. matter of health regula
tions. •• In others States the L'eglsiat'ures
have enacted laws . conf erring tjipon ; mu
nicipal' authorities ?t)6wer torperfofm/cer
licEnefney ifeks ; Questions.
The opening argument was made in be
half of the appellant by Attorney Haven.
He- read a brief upon the subject filed
with the appeal and then proceeded to
discuss the general facts of the case.. He
maintained that cemeteries are necessary
and useful in communities, , and In no
sense nuisances in themselves.
"We concede that point," remarked Mc-
Enerney. . . . » .:,-'-.
The appellant was represented by Attor
neys J. F. Cowdery, Robert Harr.son, Ws
S. Wood and Thomas E. Haven. The
city's interests were in the hands of Dis-r
trict Attorney Byington and Attorney'
Garret McEnerney as special counsel.
The validity of the ordinance prohibit
ing burials in the cemeteries of San Fran- 1
cisco was argued , pro and con before
Judges Cook, Dunne and Lawlor,; sitting
in bank, yesterday, i The matter, before
the court' was the appeaj of George \V.
Fletcher* superintendent of the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery, from a judgmtnt of con
viction found In Police Judge* Cabaniss"
court sometime ago. 'Fiedler . was found
guilty of violating the ordinance prohibit
ing burials and lined $100, and as his wa.-t
a test case the matter was immediately
appealed. ,, . V. : '
Unjust
Appellant's Attorney
Contends It Is ;
Validity of Ordinance
Argued Before
BURIAL
LAW IN
DEBATE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, 1902.
, ¦ . ,• - . ___. '**__¦ v '; ¦; _ ., — ;: /.;_ .":;.v; ; L:; . . •• ' - '' : "" ¦ ¦ - .-.. " V ' . ¦•¦. ''' '• ; 'i ¦¦'•-*
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 to 40¦ ¦¦¦•'', ' ¦¦ ' V • '•
the California Baseball League will m4et
in this city next Wednesday. - This sched
ule for the season will be announced one
week from to-day. : - . '
ftAKT^J^?^ACj^CBA<Ig4^^Mday,4lja^^ Track E<>od v^
3443. FIRST RACE — Futurity 'course; selling; three-year-olds; to first SU*525.
Index [Horse and , Weight.] St. %; %. Sir. Fin. 'Owner and Jockey. ' Op?""}?!.
J^tHi, £ a^ Zade A y 2 1 2 / l !% i % " D. Cameron ...-.J. Daly C 13
(^.}> Malasplna 99 7 6 h ; 4 1/ 2 n 2 3 Mallowmot Farm.Ransch 4 0-2
3.J1.3 Mont. Peeress.... Oft 3 2n: 2 1 3# 3 % J. Coftey . . . . ...U Daly 60 CO
/ti-«» ?« as .l enzo ...HO 0 7 3 74- Ul 4 5 Joseph Maiden.. Jackson « 8
< «ini ) l? Iythro . x 107 5 3 h, 5 2 4 h 5% Elmwood Farm-.Troxler « 12
¦i^. m « e J.,,V------ 100 l 51 al 5 « 6 1 ••- W. H. Ketchetnan.Adms f.O 75
St. Philliplna,... 106 0 "4 h ' 6 3 7 1 7 1 W.O'fl Macd'neh.BIrk Brf> 11-20
?>tT, S atterpd - ••••101 8 9 9 S4 8 5 F. D. Weir. ..<.... .Hoar 100 200
2S44 Pirate Maid .....losj 2 8 V, 8 0 , . 0 ; * C. AV. Chappcll.. Stuart 50 -;15O
Ti ??T To ; 21%; to :47^; last; .%, 1:03; short %. 1:13. Good start." Won first three
i!. 1 ?^ vlnncr . D. Cameron's b. f. by St. Carlo- Partisana. . Parlzade had speed and
*n-e.cued it out. llalasplnay might have won if away iJetter. Bassenzo -had .no. chance.
He ought to win next time./ Mythrox should Have been closer up. St. Piillllpina out-
v £oo"£^Scratchejd--Pjiy^lisj£02, Kllldoe 101. Vasallo.101. .Rublno 101.
S444. SECOND RACE— Four furlongfs; two-year-olds: to first. $325. ' - ¦-.. . -
Index jHorse and . Weight, | St.. %. .. %. jstr. vlFln. ' Owner and Jockey." •; Op?" "a.
( -f I? g ell It Reed -ii3 2 :-,¦.".. i- 11% 13, ..IS- -.- W. L.Stanfleld.. Jackson YlO '7-10
JJ i- '" "i 8 -^'lO' 2 1" W.Q'B. Macd'nghi.BIrk '4 5
(3427) GeorgleJV-est ....110 3 ... S3. 31 3 2 - ¦ Chlnn- & Forsyth.-.Conly 2. 2
;;;; n""? 58 .," -}% o 1 ••• 2 I 2 « 4 10 Elmwood Farm:..Ranach - IS - 17
S U fu Ma^ tn •-••' 1O i 5 ¦••¦* '• ° 10 3 8 5 6 : L. A. Blasingame..Hoar SO .200'
3410 Dutch Princess. :0S 6. ... 0 ¦ C : 6- ' |&I. . AUman. . . v . W. Daly .30 300 "
T! ? le^; % '« : ?i. : J '^: ?'*8%.'.-Good start." Won eaeUy. Becond and third 'driving. - Winnpr,. TV~
'¦ *j--stanfleld a en. c. by Captive-Miss Gentry. , Bell. Reed outbroke and outsprlnted his field
-JS!?"^ 1^. 5 *!.-^? P lace^, by ' BIrhenru -» hugfflng.the rail. :.. Vlnctidegia fast., ,« ''
3445. THIRD RACE— 1% miles; selling; four r year-oldg .and. up; ipHrsU $325."^ T " "^
Index Horge. Age. Welght.)St. . „ y t . ' .^.' ,Str. -'Fin. : Owner 'and ¦ O^?"' "ci.
tilt M^H^'f^"' .'?--- 1 8S 1 i' f i 1 i^T 1 ' - 1 n City Stable :.: Sfeft " 0 -6
alo! p% ,f ' ± ¦••"¦• «? 2 T ? f? ' I 1% 2 5 M. Storh..:..Blrkenruth 6-5^ 8-5
3324 Fridolin. 4;,.,.... »5 !•¦ 11 11 2 V, 3 4 -• G W Scott- AVinslette 10- -fi
%%t nm e T Y ° rk J i' MS I 2 V* ,2 S*SS X 4:n -' t >Mofeh%1f S ". r :Matthew» 10; 1?
ZH, ? j 2- '*'"'ini in -.n I '*% t I 2 5n J-" B. • Bortano. . A. Kelly " 20 • 30"
vSJih iS''^ A il ? /j o $ 6 5 Klunder & Burns.Ransra * *•« % b)
.54^ Maratlne, 4 10< <l 3 % 5 1 3 h 7 3 J P Sanders •• Hoar : 12 - fin
$%t ?2 W 4 n -W' 4::X07 7.,4.h 21; SX ,82 RtDoetnlv." Jackson . 4j M
1$S La Rprgia. 5 09 5 .,2 Vj 0 1- '9 3 0 3 • Elmwood Farm. , Ransch ' -10 ' ' 15
3421 Killecn, 5 ...... 101 2 -/ 0 h 11 8 10 4: 10 5 M. Allman -J Daly ao';''<io
3438 Senator Matts, 6..101 6 'ill ; 8"« 11 10 11 10 H L.,Has{'ei 'Bell CO iol
3436 Major Hooker.- a.101 12 12 .12-. 12 , 12 ' N. " M. Jortall; ;;.'stua g rt M 12
Tt ? l tT 1/4 ' :25: :50U: %. l:17:m.l:44; ll»ra. 1:56%. -Good start -Won r'flrt«~tn"reo
WIn n ner ' ? t ard ? 1 CH^ etab 'e's b. . gj% y • o*no- Aunt Betsy ?• Sirkcnruth Sri,™
race away.. Opposite the paddock he -eased, his mount. up and wag nabbed. • Frldolin tired
Duke of York ran a good, race. Golden Light:, quit.;; Scratched-Expedfent 101.^.' v"/ .
344«.. FOURTH :RACE-Four miles: Thornton Stakes; 3-year-oldg, and up; to first. $2440.
In<]e»|Horte,- Age,* Wfelght.jSt. lm. 2m.- 3%ni. "Fin; . Owner* and J6ekey. : -OplV'ici.'
G«fiS)!SIddons,-.4... ... ..lOOJ I . 25. 2-4. 1 15 1 50 » IT H Stevens Jacfson ¦ 1 i
lilt K^-V"--iil 2 I 5 -\ #¦¦ \&'U -k- ¦¦"e&"'V6'coSSSr f ci 13-iO ',
v" x , i"° n S°r. " Hoi 2 d 3 - -3-. ' Sv jBurns &. . Waterhs,.Turnr| .. 4 ./,.5
Time^r-lm, .1:54; 2m, 3:53 1 '3m. 5:4-1; .-: 4m.' 7 ;30.,,. <3o6d» start - Won pnslIv"?!Wnnii> nTi'ViTiT
Winner. T, H. Stevens' t). h. by Wad S worth:Mo<3jeska. • Winner ¦^¦^ftechth^hrSiSd'ind'
- prftbably W*U? O'Connor's saddle slipped and he made a mess or rating Lizella BaWor
•;^Pjrt]ed^inJvjej"yJa^^ ¦.*"' ¦..>'..- I ¦. ¦ " "f° r
a447 - FIFTH RACE— 1\J-1C .miles; Auburn; Handicap'; '.'3-year,-olds and " up; to flrst. ' $.V)o!
'index J Howe.-. Age. Weight. St. '#. %. / Str! fin/' Qwny^nd '. Jockev.- | O^^'cr j
3225 iPosttton, &.. ...;.. I14I 7- 5n fl n 7 "4 76 D .' -S : 'Fo^ntaiA"mrkwh ", K' 11 "
.M3S'jCQl.'.Bairnf-ne.-4.10c}'e On ,'7 2 - 81 ¦". : 8 ; ¦ -jjamt \ wlg^^oo^ : \ ".'g
Time— 'A . :24 »4 : ' M. : 40 Vi ; "i. l:15Mi; mile. 1:4214; - -l.-l-lbm 1'4SV. rsnnd -,i.rt ¦ ixr,^'
,flr*t three. flrjvlng., -Winner. G. D.; Morris', b. ¦ c!- by • cScrais lv«( Hnml^wi!l?.
-swerved the -lint' part. tnterfering: S orrte with The Ffetter.^^ed waW Injured thT cha^cea or %
¦MacOyle by racing. out In front with him. : Frangible cut ofr at ¦head' of stretch v'ti«
. .Fretter. I'peitlon not ready... ,Wopds.rode Colonel Ballahtyne. ' \^/°-' ¦ * ¦ .':*?lv^*.'
•344S. SIXTH RaCE^-61x furlongs; three-year : oldg and;Upr. to first. .- 832S.' •' '-"
: ind e xJHor S e.;Age. ; Wel g ht:jst.« • K/- %j .-.. •*& - ; Fin. ,i3^wnerjnd; Jockey. '•¦.• O^VcP
Site' G r i«V 4 3"-" 1 ot! 6" 7- * W'l l &L f .i I ¦ fc: P ' >chor'r..:.J.5Vobd. '. 3-2 7-0
Time — %,-. :25; -JA. :49%: . %,'l;14 i 5i:...Gpo4''itart. Seco'n/i',i.»eiiv " tm^h *,~ '
Ing., Winner.; J. F.. Schorr's b. h.- by-'Belvldere-Lady Hawkstbne * lV* £ £ .J= w T"'- drl
' cut off at head of «retch. He was-a good. horse to-da"- The ™oi&r °cu F «ff "W7?5t^ arl 2X :
¦ridden the overland. .Sea. Queen :qan; do.: better. \. She =. ran a «well m p « Tr»» niM Jt f f
by . EdinborouEh while, at po.t. ' Sharp , Bird; B hdrt: 60 ; was - Vpn^8^™h\u%ffuSS )
shdn-ihg first swinging [into*' the f stretch.'
Mdrinel's .' rider .; then'-. • [became 'seized -with
that "glad 'feeling; .'arid J not " observing
Frank 'Woods, . a ' $jp ; 1 shot,: crowding up
en the outside, was: brbugnt'tb a';:drive
anddbwhed a 'neck. Frldolin. played from
20 down to. 6,-flnished in "the -show.", v ¦
'";¦['. Green >. Morris' \ crack -•*.- colt ,
again conceded:: lumps? of j, weight'; to -older;
horses -. and won 'the.. Auburn!; handlcjrp
everyone and ,& \ slxteenth/mlles In : a -hard •
drive ; Irom The I Fretter .' nHbmestteadjTwltni
Ja'cksoh .In : - the ¦saddle /and icirryingC'll* i
pc'uhds.', was ¦ played down * from'- 3 to" 9 to 5.' i
MbcGyleJahd -Bedwald .cut; out' the ; ruh
r.ihg,*with fhe^ favorite galloping \'at: their"
-• JoeiFrey was heralded 'far and I 'wide "as
¦the ; ripe -one' f or :. the x closing 1 sprint, and
the ' £ bay.t hors e. '.'did , beat /. The Giver ; with'
:com^ratly^eAse,^TIl a :o^as'.were:fbrced:
•n?> ?.";^.95^ ? Ub ..7 ,. to', 5, making ihlh? equal;
[choice with -The .'.Giver: ."; The .latter coU
.<3ia;not'get much of a ser'id-6ff;.whlch' coh
.trlbuted.td?hl.;do*nfall.. ' -, '
¦ bee s.j In,the stretchTJackson strubk clear
mailing; .and. ; mowing/ down T the '-. leaders;
locked) .horns • with The Fretter.' It ? was a
closejthlng. : with. Homestead 'finally ' scoV-'
a neck In 1:4S?4.V Position did- not
show.- any - of . his "old form; .while --.Woods'
on .Colonel ;BaIIantyne . finished absolutely
A man who sits down. and reflects lin't
necessarily. briUlant; - ¦ .™" u . llnt
Match Game of Baseball.
•At the Presidio Athletic Grounds th!s
Kfi e J?l 0Tl A tl V S °' cIock the - R'chmond
™£~ ad . t - he r B i lshnel!s -:^ ; o.P i romInent
ftlnatecr biseban teams; "will ' play a
match game. King Kelly will -play third
for the Bashnells. and Max Mulier of
the Portlands will guard the initial cush
ion ; for the Riclnnonds. The make-pp of
the teams follow: . •-.'•• - - .
Burroughs........ Catcher.,..;;:;::;' "' e££
Kbnr. ..;... . . ..... Kim base.. . * . ; .jil'sinSJ
Sialllvtn.:. ...'..;. Second baw...V. .^5'onohan
*i e ~^ - - TWrd toe.:;.;.-..-. Tlllson
Morrison Left fleJd. ...... w # Mulier
Berlin*........... Center n-ld.... kI\1 I
AMERICAN BOXERS WILL
IN ENGLISH RING
Six'Epecial Bouts Arranged Between
PWeH-Known Men for Corona
tion "Week.
iEW YORK. March 15.-The pro
gramme for the !n.ternattoa'al boxing tour
nament to be held under the^aSSteS o
the^NaUonal Sporting Club during coro
nation . week in London has been com
Pleted here by the National Club rep^
sentatives. Messrs. Gavin and Lea
Since their arrival in this country a
week ago toe Englishmen have clinched
six matches that will bring together good
boxers. The progranune wm oompSSd
to-day when a. match between Frank
E .E,'« an< \ Pat Daly was enounced as an
addiUonal fixture for the carnival. Mr
Lea said a bout b*twee P Harry Harris of
Chicago and Andy Tokell. ' the En ff 15sh
champion. wa 6 also an assured event.
The other bouts are as. fpHows: ¥ Peter
Mahervu-JH ? n g ht fcm^Shafkey'for the
I'M m o mpl0 r nsh^ : Gus Ruh "n'*Tll meet
KldMcCoy; Joe Waleott.wlH bpx Tommy
o*™^ J OmnJy Ryan flM-enoountei!
George Gardner. . ¦ . • .-.-,. S. ¦ • >
HUNTTNGTON. W. Va.. March 13.— An ex
plosiun at Kdwards' aawmlll. near here. pn>»>
ably fatalJy • Injured .Ttiotnaa Kirivards no I
Winiam Strange, and arrinusly injured sis
others.
• ¦ Mat Storn's little mare ' Morlnel received'
all sorts of .backing.: to :win? the mile 'ah'd ;
an eighth selling number." closing an' 6 t'o»
*L ' chance. ' , Bickenru th j^dld „ not % geK f her
Sway from the barrier well." biit threaded
his way'thrdugli the bun<?h "carefully ,
Q'liick as'a cat In breaking from the bar-'
rier v W.. L. ; Stapneld's Jast 'colt '..Bell Ree'd !
spreadeagled fhis field ; tn the two.-yeaWolil:
dash. Quoted a 7 to 10 chance.. he jumped;
away in the lead. and., nicely ridden by*
Jnckson. ..won easily from and'
Ceorgle West in 'the fas't time Of ':4S?J.'
4 Th'e wlnner,'carrfed 113 pounds;.' ' : •
.St.* Philliplna looked 'like one pt the real
cinches of . the card and; was sent to . tlie
post a 11 to 10 : favorite -for the opening
futurity course . sprint.' The filly rievtfF,
showed In better 'than fourth position.'
finishing among, the "also rans.";' Pari- 1
zafle,. piloted t by "Johnny. Daly : and io to 1
In .the .ring,, led. from the . start;*' runninV
hbme, more than -a. -length , before MaJ
aspina. Montana Peeress, at GO "to 1. was
third:,. ' .-"', " ..... ¦ • . -"
"Favorites performed admirably, captur
ing four of the «stx -purses. The betting
ring was thronged with speculators, and
the crowds "around the 'bookmakers'
Btinds locked', like ¦ an Oklahoma 'land
drawing.'^ " "'¦•.'.' ''•''•"'¦ '- '
Favorites Win Four Races.
Jackson on Siddone rode a, perfect race,
!"and taking the lead at three miles went
¦!on and won by himself, covering the dis
tance in 7:20. ¦ tt'h'efi T .three and a half
'miles ha'dtBeeh-'tra versed saw
the chase, to be a fruitless one, conterit
ing himself "with savlng'the oW mare and
keeping a-iweather eye on; Bangor, not feo
many lengths behind. By so. doing he took
second money feas'Jly. .AtMhV-hpad of the
stretch the last mile' Jackson was urging
Slddons with hands .and ¦ steel. ' and „ the
horse was e^raJght as a chalkllne. Later
on, when Jackson/jeaw^that O'Connor hid
given up f.hf ,strjuBfflpi y he, . too, . relaxed
•his efforts, 'ah'/S'.th^vvlctory can go do\vn
: in history as a,n:'tiHpressJve one. •
! Admltting.that O'Connor made mistakes
:ahd was not> blessed -with-' good racing
'luck, Siddons ran with rare gameness and
jwas conditioned -to the hour, reflectlhg
•much credit on the son- of "Tom" Ste
vens, and vras tmdoubtedly the best horse.
Bangor pulled, up lame after being care
fully nursed by -Nash, Turner.* The turf
has prdbably 6een the last* of him/ ; '''^ '
To begin with, he -rode, with both too
short a rein and a stirrup. After going
two miles his saddle, which had slipped,
was almost on the neck -of Lizella, and
then.'tb "cap the climax,' the saddle nearly
went to pieces. According -to; O'Connor's
own say he ivas two or three- time3
tempted to pull up. The mare acted rank
and Winnie, like the captain of the Ill
fated Reporter, now being rocked in the
'breakers -on- the-Jjeach> ,-clearly.' lost-, his
reckonings.. '. • c
O'Connor's Bad Judgment.
Winnie O'Connor piloted . the -. aged
daughter of Morello, , which- closed at.i3
to 10, and sulking Bangor had -friends
willing -to", risk coin. on his -chance at 4
and 5.- They were influenced, possibly by.
the fact that the redoubtable Xash Tur
ner had the leg up. It >va"s O'Connor's
fatewell . appearance .this season, and. .far
from covering himself with glory, he
made a sad mess of it, -clearly illustrating
that riding long distance races was not
his forte.
Long before the horses were called for
the main event of the day the grand stand
was crowded with beauty and fashion,
trie clubhoVise verandas and lawn were
dotted with groups of society folks, and
even the paddock lawn had its representa
tion of the fair sex. Grizzled veterans of
the old days. of Thad Stevens and True
Blue met again to recall reminiscences of
those dead heroes of the turf. Taken all
in ail, It was one oi the brilliant days of
the season. Only three contested for. the
#000 • prize— Siddons 109, Lizzella 111 and
Banger 116. /
The betting favored Slddons at odds of
even money.
track yesterday before one of the
largest and most fashionable crowds of
the seaso*.- The weather was mild and
balmy, and -the track, while, not lightning
fast, was velvetylike oh the surface and
amply suitable for all racing purposes.
y^ IDDONS, a grandson of the irn
iCZ mortal sire Longfeliow, and rld-
den by Lee' Jackson, won the four-
Ay>^ mile Thornton stake at Oakland
THEOALL'S R-A.OI3STO FORM CHART.
Baseball Schedule for the Year.
The managers of the various clubs; of
BERKELEY. "March 15.— The University
of California baseball nine defeated tha
Olympic Club team this afternoon In a
game on the college grounds. The scoro
aas 11 to 6. In the second Inning -Braly
for California made a homo run with twi>
men on bases. Gammon for the club nlin»
also knocked a home run and brought in
two men in the eighth Inning. The bat
tery for California was Overall and Hatcl-i
and for the Olympic Club Knell and
James.
Gpllege Defeats Club.
scored a second .goal. In the second half
;Walker put' the 'ball between the posts,
making the scor'e,2 all. Before the match
closed a third goal .was captured .by, 'the
Vampires. -the game ending 3 to 2 In their
favor. For the winners Hunter, Holland
and; Willamson; played the 'best^ forward
game and Wilding and Warren the best
baclrgime. - For- the losers Walker, Kitt
leg 'and Campbell were most prominent.
CLEVER PIANIST BACK FROM
THE EAST TO APPEAR IN VAU
- DEVILLE. '¦
Road Race at San Leandro.
The Sa-n Francisco" Wheetfnen will hold,
a ten-mile tryout over .the Ean Leandro
triangle to-day. Some of the, fastest rid
ers In the city are entered and the event
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RACING:; AT TRACK
Association Football ; Match.
A team representing the Vampire Asso-
I elation Football Club , of -San Francisco
! played a match yesterday afternoon on
! the Presidio" athletic grounds against an
(eleven from • the Seamen's Institute.. A.
, W. Wilding acted as captain of the Vam
| pires and the Rev. Mr. Klttleg as captain
of the sailors' team.
! The Vampires' team was made, up of
Wilding, Bird, Warren, Hunter, William
son, Holland, Talbqt, Powles and. Reed.
.The Seamen's Institute was represented
by the Rev. MiwKittleg, Nolan. Antrobus,
Churchill. Parish, Campbell, Wests, Mc
\Mann, Harvey, Thorn and Walker.. .
Holland, playing left wing, made the
first score for the Vampires, but the sail
ors soon evened matters by securing' a
goal. Before half time the Vampires 1
FLYCASTERS COMPETE FOR
DELICACY AND ACCURACY
Make Some High . Scores With the
Rod at Stow Lake, Golden
Gate Park.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club held their regular contests
yesterday at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park, under fair weather conditions. More
attention was paid the. accuracy and deli
cacy events than ' the distance casting.
The complete score follows:
¦ - . » » i .
NEW. YORK,. March 15.— A' nlight earth
quako shock was noticeable in Bayonne.-. N. J~,
early to-day. The tremor. vra3 the fourth this
month. • ' '
Johnny Reiff, Rlgby, Mclntyre, Bu
chanan and Henry Win Eight
'.. Places in All. _ '. ; '/¦
PARIS, March 15.— The flat racing s^a-;
son in France opened with the St. Cloud
meeting to-day. Five 'American jockeys—
J, Reiff, Rlgby. Mclnty re, Buchanan aifd
M. Henry— rode, and . in isix r?Lpes they
won two firsts, three seconds arid three :
thirds. /.. . . ;¦; ;;;;' ¦ r ' ; ;", _ :
Rigby on Tumulus took first place \t\
the opening race, the. Prix de rOuvertufc.-;
In the n^xt race,' the Prix Basteudon,'
Henry oii Cuerrtavaca was first, Buchan
an on Flageolet was second and Rein* on :
Primatlf was third. . . . . j, ¦
.The jnost important race of." the day,
the Prix de St. Cloud! 2000 .francs, was
won by Henry on Barde. Reiff. oh Mare
chal Neil was second. Barde "won fairly'
and easily. .
.: Buchanan on Courteoisie , took third
place In the Prix de Troene. ' ' ., .
All five of the Americans rode in. the. i
race for the Prix de Perrier, biit they
had poor mounts and were not -placed. ". A '
Henry gained second place in the final
race, the Prix 4 de Vlllartians. - .,
AMERICAN JOCKEYS. WIN
¦'¦.. ON A FRENCH TRACK
Seventh race, one mile and a half, selling—
Lou 'Rey won. Little Tommy Tucker second,
Woodtrice third. Time. 2:43.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Digby Hell won, Ida Ledford second,
Jessie Jarlxje third. TJme, 1:57 &.
Sixth race, handicap, six furlongs — Death
won, Ben llullum second. Velma Clark third.
Time. Iil?%:
Fourth race. Crescent City Derby, one mile
ami an eighth— Lord Quex. 11H (J. vVinktlekl),
13 to 10. won; Vassal -Dance. 110 (Otis). 20 to
1, second; ¦Prdwl, 115 (Landry), 5 to 1. third.
Time, 2:0'0>4. -St. Tammany. Kaffir, Duke of
Coiinauitht. Caatlron and Merrymaker also ran.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Jerry Hunt won, Danish second. Chicka
dee third. Time, 1:41) ft.
First race, xix furlongs— Uraw Larl won, Ida
Ptinzance second. Tenderloin third. Time. 1:18.
Se«ond race, live furlorupj — LuraliKhter won.
X.lttle Uiant second. Oondk third. Time. 1 :0»Hi-
Prowl and Duke of Connaught were first
in motion as the barrier rose and led on
sufferance into the back stretch. Wink
field picked out the best going for Lord
Quex. ' moved up on the outside as they
nearedthe half-mile post and. rounding
the far turn, opened up a gap which the
others never closed. Vassal Dance, the
real contender, despite Otis" Inability to
do him justice, came with a strong rush
at the end. WInkfleld shook tho favorite
up and won -cleverly by a length and a
half. Dnke of Connaught was injured in
the. right .foreleg. It is feared he has
broken down. The race was worth J3SU0
to the winner. Summary: .
NEW ORLEANS. La., March 15.—Near
ly 5000 people cheered the' favorite on to
victory In the sixth Crescent City Derby
to-day. A heavy rain and a track the con
dition of which seemed to presage Lord
Quex's defeat cut the attendance down.
Jeffries was represented by ' Billy De
laney and Kid Eagan. Fitzslmmons was
not represented. As it Is desirable ' the
successful bidder be notified as. soon . as
possible, it is expected a decision may be
reached to-day. Delaney will communi
cate with Jeffries by wire, and he in turn
will confer with Fitzsimmons.
Greggalns insists the "contest should.be
go t-j him if it is held here, as he has his
forfeit up,' and says he is certain to ob
tain the necessary permit The forfeit
of the Yosemite Club is also posted.
Juad Gibbs and "Jim" Xeal offered S2
per cent as representatives of the Na
tional CluK
Alex Greggalns of the San Francisco
Athletic Club offered 70 per cent, with a
$50,000 bond to guarantee the fighters their
share of the receims.
Jack Gleason. offered "SO per cent on be
half of the Twentieth Century Club.'-
Of the local clubs Harry. Corbett offered
66 2-3 per cent on behalf of the Yosemite
Club. .
Fitzsimmons and Sharkey drew a $31,640
house in this. city, while Jeffries and Ruh-
Hn drew $S0,4S7. The fighters' share of this
was $1S,SOO.
John Bradbury and other sportsmen are
said to have contributed to the $25,000
purse as a business proposition to attract
attenUm to Los Angeles. . In the J past
boxing has not been well patronized there,
a $3600 house being the record up to date.
In May, during Fiesta week. 50,000 strang
ers are expected In Los Angeles. .
Contrary to expectations, only . two
places were represented yesterday. in the
bidding, this city and Los Angeles. The
latter was represented by James Morley
and John Brink.. They made three propo
sitions: A $25,000 purse, already on. deposit
In the Citizens' Bajik, Lor Angeles, of
75 per cent of the gross receipts, or 70 per
cent* with a guarantee the purse will be
$20,000. The 'Los Angeles men had, a $5000
certified check to post as a forfeit -to guar
antee their ability to promote the right
successfully. They also showed a license
entitling them to hold a "prize. «li,--.t ;> In
Los Angeles during May.. The fight would
be held out-of-doors In the daytime and
ths club would retain- a one-third share
of the picture. privilege. ...
The bids are in for the proposed Jeff
ries^ Pitzsimmons championship fight.
All that remalns v is for the principals to
decide which offer they Will^accept.. This
Is no easy matter, owing .to the variety
of the propositions laid before , them.. •?'. ; .
Special stake— Sterl & Knowles* Freeze Out
b<>at A. R. Curtis' Narcissus 2-1; C. Plckard's
Bright Gold beat J ; Carroll's Auckland. 6-4;
Pasha Kennels' Hocker beat A. Vanderwhite's
Flora 'McDonald. 3-2; Alameda Kennels, A.
J. Martin beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete.
ti-4; A. R. Curtis' King Cotton beat F. Jones'
Wedgewood, 3-0; A. R. Curtis' Rector beat 1?.
Geary's Ireland. 4-0; Chiarini Bros." 'Santonin
beat J. Burke's Aggie W, 9-2; E. Geary's
America beat J. Cane'* Greenhall, 7-2: J. L.
Ross' Game Boy beat J. Traders Cosey. 4-0;
H.' H: Gray's Rona beat E. Geary's Ruby San
key, 5-4; O. Zahl's Hocier Boy beat E. Geary's
Boy Hushie, 5-0; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
fceat P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel. 4-1; J.
L. Ross" Fontenoy beat Chiarini Bros.'.Dew
drop, 3-2; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha a bye.
Black Bart withdrawn; A. R. Curtis' War
Eagle beat Chiarini Bros.' Scmpronius. 8-2; A,
R. Curtis' Anchor beat P. Doyle's Liberator,
4-0; E. Geary's FenSi beat C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud. 3-2: Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
beat A. R. Curtis' Lcola. 11-8; Chiarini Bros.'
White Hat beat E. Geary'* Bonnie Hughie,
1G-5; T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat Chiarini
Bros.' Tame Tralee. 3-1; E. Geary's Fair Oaks
beat A. R. Curtis' I-Kjst Chord. 13-10: J L
Roes' Mayflower beat H. H. Gray's Terron
ette. S-3; Alameda Kennels' Melrose Lad beat
E Geary's Fanaie Hughie. 8-7; -A. R. Curtis-
Old Ironsides beat B. Sllva's Master Rocket.
4-2: Sterl <fc Knowles 1 Sleety Mist bea*t A Mc-
Leod's Koyal Friend. S-5; Sterl & Knowles'
Cold Shivers beat Sir Pasha, 4-0; T J Cro
nln's Tralee Boy beat F. Jones'' ". Harlean
Oladys, j-0; D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat
G. Sharman's Little Sister, 3-2; E Shorslae's
Crawford .Lass beat Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer 4-3; P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant a
bye. Sir Lawrence withdrawn.
Open Stake— F. Roseuberger's Master Bly a
bye. Imperiel withdrawn; E. Geary's Little
Jim beat T. Jolly's Toronto. 19-3. \%\ C. de B
JfP ez f, Pepita beat H. H. Grays My Dog
"-2: T. Burke' s Jol:a Heenan beat p j
Rfilori Honesty. C-3; A. R. Curtis' Wapsee
w t x^ 1^ ea i?« ls ' feckless Admirer. lb-G;
H. U Mehany's Roxana beat E. Conroy's Atny
&* larfe,^
Bogus Brurnmel beat J. Trade's Blkckhawk
RIbbii H ?^ y % Se % C "£ *T at J " button's B Tue
beat J F . Rogers' Arbacus 25-11- J &L M cT
rolls Cascade beat G. B. Wirtl'i 'wTriSth'
5*1 ¦¦ M - Con n«-n'E Black Coon beat T
liahers JUord Goff. 2&-10; J. F Roct^ Gl »,
cu = teat Alameda Kennels' Claris 1% • 1*,""
HSrley^Shyicck 1 * **>* b^ H
The detailed results of yesterdays
coursing, with Judge John Grace's oflicial
scores, follow:
There were some surprises in the betting
yesterday. Glauctts beat Clarice and Sea
Cliff beat Blue Ribon. each at 4 to 1; St.
Simon beat Arbacus and FredFieedom
beat Real Aristocrat at 2 to 1; Little May
beat Pat Freedom at o to 2. .
In the special stake Rector has been in
stalled favorite at odds of 3 to 1. Sacra
mento Boy is at 5, as he has some speedy
greyhounds to meet before he works his
winning way down to the deciding course.
He is running in grand form, leading Lit
tle Sister, three lengths for the turn yes
terday when they met. Vandal is quoted
at seven and Is considered to have an
excellent ch.ance to again distinguish him
self. Old Ironsides. Homer Boy, Fonte
noy and A- J. Martin are all quoted at
s to 1.
The open stake at Union Coursing Park
to-day bears such an open look that there
is no pronounced favorite. It is 8 to 1 and
take your pick of the best dogs in the
running. These include Pepita, J. C.
Heenan, Wapsee, Boxana, Flower of
Gold, Kittleman, Haphazard and Lovin'a.
BERKELEY, March 13.— The young
athletes from the Oakland High School
{•roved themselves Invincible this after
noon in the fifth semi-annual field day of
the Bay Counties Athletic League, held
on the University of California cinder
path. They won handily, with their old
time rivals from the Berkeley High
School but a few points behind. Although
defeated. Berkeley had the honor of low
erlns the only two records broken during
the day. Bert Chaplin cut off two sec
onds of the 18 3-5-second record held in
the 120-yard hurdles by himself, and In
the broad Jump covered 22 feet 6% inches.
The former league record. al3O held by
Chaplin, was 20 feet 10 inches.
Oakland won the relay race easily, with
the Lowell High School second and Berke
ley third. The final scores were: Oak
land 61. Berkeley 54. "Lowell 19, California
School of Mechanical Arts 9.
The following is the result of tho
events:
Fifty-yard dash — Won by Stanley. B. H. S.J
Vosburff. L. II. S-. second: Hughes. O. H. S..
tMrd. Time. :C5 4-5.
Two-mile "run — Won by Do Mamlel. L. US.;
LouRhborough. B. H. a., second; Backus, O.
H. &. third. Time. 11:25 2-5.
8S(J-yard run — Won by Wrampelmaler. B. H.
S. : Coyne. O. H. S.. second; (no third). Time.
2:15'/ 3 .
100-yard dash — Won by Stanley, B. li 8.; tl«
for second between Mtddleton. L. H. S.. and
WIIcox. O. II. S.. Time. :1O 2-5.
120- yard hurdle — Won by Chaplin. B. II. S. ;
Melvln. O. H. S.. second: Warren. B. H. 8..
third. Time, :l(i 3^6. )
440-yard dash — Won by Sheahan, O. H. 8. |
Walker; O. H. S.. second: Lan*. C. S. M. A..
third. Ttme, :&4%.
220-yard hurdle — Won by Hnm«. B. H. S. t
Dyer, O. H. S.. second: Warren. B. H. S..
third. Time. -.29 2-5.
220- yard dash— Won by Wtlcox. O. H. B.;
Bwartz. L. II. S.. second; Baldwin. O. H. 3.,
third. Time, :24.
Mile run— Won by MacNichol. C. S. M. A.J
Cooper. O. H. S.. second; Wrampelmeler. B.
H. S.. third. Time. 5:00.
Relay race — Won by Oakland; Lowell, sec
ond: Berkeley, third.
PoJe vault — Won by Burpee. O. HI SL. height
9 feet ?>\i inches: Lans,'. C. S. SI. A,. s«oond;
Dyer. O. It. S.. third (second and third places
dividing points).
Broad jump — Won by Chaplin, B. H. 8.,
distance 22 feet 6% Inches; Melvln. O. H. S.»
second; Brock. B. H. S.. third.
Twelve-pound shot-rut — Won by Hinds. O.
H. S.. distance 41 reet 10 inches: J.' Blake
more. B. H. S., second; Hatch. O. H. 8.. third.
High jump.— Won by Hlckey. B. H. S.. height
5 feet 7»/5 inches; Chaplin. B. H. S.. second;
Magerstadt, C. S. M. A., third.
Twelve-pound hammer throw — Won by
Hinds. O. H. S.. distance 119 feet 2% Inches;
Merrltt. B. H. S.. second; Kruse. B. U S..
third.
Is the Richest Event of the
Season on New Orleans
Track.
Los . Angeles JMake3 -Strong
Effort. to. Secure
Contest.
Sacramento Boy and Rector
May . Meet in the
Special.
Chaplin of Berkeley Lowers
Only Records Broken
in the Contests.
No Pronounced Favorite
in the Stake at Union
, Park.
Defeats * Bay Counties*
High Schools in
Field Day.
Simon's Colt: Captures
the Crescent City
Derby.
a. Variety "of
Offers.
Boxing Clubs Present
. The sketch will i be \ presented; for:. tha
ijrst time in this city at the Orpheum this
afternoon, and during ..the action Miss Mc-
Comas will play Liszt's transcription from
a "Faust" melbdyl .,,...;. . • .
promifies -to ; be warmly; contested. ! Tlie
wheelmen will leave the clubrooms at pa.
m. and take the 111 o'clock boat for Oak
land: y "¦ "• : • • : ¦ ¦;
a LICE BEACH McCOMAS, . a
,'/\ pianist well known in musical and
ZjV society circles in this city, re
vr-TSV turned from the. East on Thurs
day In oompany with Fanny Rice,
the vivacious and popular comedienne.
Last August Miss McComas, who had
been playing here tor several seasons at
concerts and society entertainments,, de^
elded to visit New. York, the mecca' of all
those who desire professional advance-,
ment. • While, playing there at a Carnegie
Hall recital she,, was heard by Miss Rice,
who was looking fo*-an unusually capable
pianist to assist he; In her new vaudeville
skit, entitled "Surprises." Negotiations
wtre entered into, Miss McGdmas WaS"en
gaged, and since then "Surprises" ..has
been in demand by ..vaudeville .managers
all over the. country. '. --' ., . ..'.,;
MANY' HOUNDS
HAVE A CHANCE
OAKLAND WINS
LEAGUE GAME
LORD QUEX WINS
VALUABLE STAKE
BIDS OPENED
FOR BIG FIGHT
COMES BACK TO SAN FRANCISCO
AS ASSISTANT TO FANNY RICE
n±K SAiN' FKAJNUIbCO CAL.1J, SUNDAY; MARCH 1G, 1902.
30
O > Delicacy. . r
• : ¦ II h jrjTT ft
' fS sS ?i ?l; 5 s?
CONTESTANT. •-3^ n B> O^ J» »5
¦ : T §3 I? o ff
- ¦ ¦ ¦ • r i 3 ¦ *
'. ~. - • » - _ '•
Youns, C. G 03 .90.8 7.0 . SO. 4
Brotherton. T.W. »4 5H.&I1C.S 83.4 «S 02.1
Brooks. W.' 13. . . . :. ! 03. \Jii {70 7».6 . .
Mocker. E. A... 03 70.4jS2.8!S0 91.4 37 3
Heller, S. A S3 iSti.4j~tf.8 SI. 6 70.2
Ltattu. II 70 !)I.M8(;.3i74.2 HO. 5 7(5. 2
Skinner. H. K S9.41S7.-»!80 S3. 8
Edwards. U. C. . 94 Si.4|S).8 75 82.4 |7S.7
Klerlilff. T. C... V2 C0.4j7S.4iU«.S 72.8
MuIIer, H. F ¦ 00 !»£ j'J0.4|80.10 85.7 ....
Mamfteld, W. D JJft^i'.U.SiSO.lOISO.S S4.7
Kecd, V. II 00 yj.jsyt |S(i.8 00.4 ....
Lawrence. J ....|71.4!<!8.4 «9.10|....
Tormey. P. J. 74.4I57.U C5.ll!
O > Delicacy. . r
• : ¦ II h jrjTT ft
' fS sS ?i ?l; 5 s?
CONTESTANT. •-3^ n B> O^ J» »5
¦ : T §3 I? o ff
- ¦ ¦ ¦ • r i 3 ¦ *
'. ~. - • » - _ '•
Youns, C. G 03 .90.8 7.0 . SO. 4
Brotherton. T.W. »4 5H.&I1C.S 83.4 «S 02.1
Brooks. W.' 13. . . . :. ! 03. \Jii {70 7».6 . .
Mocker. E. A... 03 70.4jS2.8!S0 91.4 37 3
Heller, S. A S3 iSti.4j~tf.8 SI. 6 70.2
Ltattu. II 70 !)I.M8(;.3i74.2 HO. 5 7(5. 2
Skinner. H. K S9.41S7.-»!80 S3. 8
Edwards. U. C. . 94 Si.4|S).8 75 82.4 |7S.7
Klerlilff. T. C... V2 C0.4j7S.4iU«.S 72.8
MuIIer, H. F ¦ 00 !»£ j'J0.4|80.10 85.7 ....
Mamfteld, W. D JJft^i'.U.SiSO.lOISO.S S4.7
Kecd, V. II 00 yj.jsyt |S(i.8 00.4 ....
Lawrence. J ....|71.4!<!8.4 «9.10|....
Tormey. P. J. 74.4I57.U C5.ll!
Vapicocele, Impotency and Waste of Manly Power Are Quickly
and Forever Cured by the Grand Product oS Nature, Dr.
McLaughlin's. Electric Belt. Send for the Free Book.
FREE ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts and cures all
weakness of meh r varicocele, etc. It is free, i It develoos and expands all weak organs
arid checks Unnatural drains.; ,No case of Failing. Manhood, Varicocele or Sexual
Debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspensory. it never fails to cure. It is free
with Belts for "Weak Men.; ..'..;.. ' "I '. ' ...'...'•
¦*¦_¦¦'¦'-¦*.*!¦ " * , " ¦¦ '--.*•.¦-.¦.,.**-..... ' v
.No man Should be weak; no : man should suffer the ' Aifr«d'S. Hamlln. 105 Elm- st.. Reno Nev says May 2-
loss ; of 'that' vital element which renders life worth liv- ™£, t er ' Tn '*!¦£¥?*£ J?-°, l der * ly duri ' as th * pMt «««»*.' i
inK.'. No; man should allow himself to become less a man »nd 1 have nS-'iSrS'^^^ycSSy 1 "- My back to >«°"**'
M 1^- intended him;- no man should suffer for. the Aniold man of 70 says he 'feels as strong and youri^
• s !» s ;f,Kyo i !l h /5!?« ltl !^e-is herevat hand, a certain as he did at -35. That shows how it renews the i'vimr of
cure for his weakness, a cheeky to his waste of power. . .-'- ; youth. ... ** "
-Mostpf 'the :' pains,", most; of 'thi: weakness of stomach. .It stops losses in ten days. It restores full vieorous'
.heart; brain; and nerves, from which men suffer, are due power/and development to the shrunken oarts K u *
,to;an : early loss of nature's -reserve power through mis- It cures /Rheumatism Sciatic Pains LumWr, TCM
takes ofyouth. >¦ You need, not .suffer for this. You can ney Trouble.; It banishes nSn in ani-ht^r^r'ti
be .restored., The, very element which you have fost you . turn: . , uanisnes pain 111 a night, never to re-
can get back.aiid you .-tnay:be-V»;i)appy;as ahyl'man that ' Mr. Geo. Tanner, Watsonville Cal snvs- "I wnr* th
.!!y."-,- ..•':¦. -¦- /:;¦;:;-;¦;• ;. : ;.v: v ;:;;.-^ ' .Bclronly a few times when all' pain and "weakness left
! My. Electric Belt. with. Special Electric Suspensory m y pack. T recommended it to a friend up north who
(free)._will restore- your: power. It will check all unnat- natl 'a™e back for years and he received wonderful re-
ural drains' and losses and give back the bid* visrof of suits. * •
-youth. . • • • - .What aHs you? . Write and tell me. and. no matter
.-':W.S.JMcCulsten. ; Los ,'Anffeles. Cal. wrltea Marcb 7: . "I. am Wt ?' rey ° u . ar 5' * think I -Can give you the address of
more than pleased- to-^e able to "tell you '.that aMer. wearing your some one in yOQr town that I have Cured ' I've nir.f)
"belt but; one month;! iwis> completely cured. :. Tliere Is. not the thousand^ nnH . V( .™ t *u' ' „ - Ve c , nred
leaat-trace ofmy-old trouble remaining.. and It is my opinion that ".'"Hf^nus. -ana every man -of" them IS a walking adver-'
lyour treatment, Is ,th?-. greatest. remedy extant. I osaure you that ilSement Of my Belt.
' U'wlllbe ajgreat pleasure Vto.tne to recommend" the* belt when- Every man wh'n Vvit- tiemA ;? m -«>» •*. v
ever 1 coa for It has waved my health/.' . ¦-• • • ; ¦". ¦* . t 1 cv * r used ll recommends it. because it
-•-::-.•. -•> .. ¦¦i/.i'-" ~ , s honcs t. Undoes greatV work, and those whom-I have
This (drain; upon your power, causes -lUdney Trouble, cured arc ; the ¦ more grateful because the cure cost so tittle
¦Rh.?«n?itisrn-and, Stomach a.lmcnts. You know, it's- a EvervVniah who.uses my Belt pets the ' advice and
owe ':.and^affect^every organ of the body; counsel. of , a- physician free. I give you all that any
-Most of, the ailments from which men -suffer can be medical; rnan^tan' give you and a lot that he can't
d 't°:>V .. y ': -. ." \ \'x - • : . : . . '?** -.">>' Belt/ Write me tb-day for my beautifully il-
. I have cured thousands of men who 1 , have squandered Iu .?. tratcd book, with- cuts showing how my Belt is ap-
the savings of years in useless doctoring.; W-' \ r • P«ed.; and Jots ofgood reading for men who want to be
.1] ; 'My^Belt is easy'to use; put^it-on when you go .to bed;' < T he " N oblcst:Work of^God," A MAN. Inclose this ad
you feel the'- glowing h'cat from:it'(no"sting^pr.burn..as andi V will ; send the book; sealed, free. '." •
in 'did 5ty1e2b"elts), and you feer.thefnerves tirigle;with the HW M P^M >>f rt ,v«Li:« 702 MarkAt St
it^^^^W^^tq;them:^^ u^^Vupm:the:mornmg V?* I'l. ¦.Vw-fflCLaUffnlm,> -wSSSif
feehnglike a two-year-old. - ; - ' : . . ~ BT AG J^ OR D J o
9 PLEASUPJ3 AND COMFORT' GO •
SWben mcrunted on a 1D02 model ' ®
CLEVELAND, SHELL OR TftlB- S
§ ''ME BICYCLE. ¦• S
I S30.S40and.S50. S
J BARGAINS fIX SBCONX>V ft A XD •
%f .., .. BlCTCtEfi.-- - ¦- ¦ ©
• • Ll«t mailed ior the asking. " • ©
• LtAyiTT^ BILL, I
2.;.-. >3O7-3O9 LAHKiPliST* - ¦ ©The second annual entertainment and.
ball of the new Hungarian i Mutual' Aid
Society of San Francisco; was held 'last
evening at Scottish Hall. The hall "was
prettily decorated and a large crowd en
joyed the evening; ' The programme V was
as follows: Opening; by R; J. Angelotti;
Hungarian hymn, by the orchestra;
speech of the occasion (Hungarian); by
E. Janowitz; speech of ,7 the . occasion
(EnjjHsh), by I. Wise; . VTalpra Magyar!"
("To Arms, Magyars!"), by R, J. Ange
lotti;-duet (Hungarian), by Mrs. Hammel
and Mr. Barhory; "A Modern Belle".'(reci
tation in English;, by -Miss'; D;> Grass;
"Egy Gondolat" (One Though't ''),"" by Miso
I. Szanto; Hungarian songs," by r Mrs. ; Goz;
American -hymn, by the orchestra.. The
committee. 'of arrangements ' was: . E/
Abrany, B. -Kovaco and R/ J. "Angelotti.
E. Abrany acted as floor manager.
Hungarians Celebrate.
Judge Coffey decided yesterday that he
Jiad no power to compel Mrs. Margaret
Gov.'dty. guardian of the late Joseph
O'Hare. to bring back to this State from
"New 'York the wealth of the deceased,
consisting: of $4i".50O cash. The question
came' up on a motion for a citation direct
lr.K MrF. Gowdcy to account for hes
brother's wealth. It was made by the at
torneys for W. P. Burbank, executor of
©lie of th<* O'Hare wills. Judge Coffey
Informed Burbank that his only relief
¦wa« to fcrirg s'j!t for the amount against
Hrs.-Gowdcy*E bondsmen.
3day Sue Sureties.
Walter . N. Dimmick must go to trial on
the indictment charging him with hav
ing stolen' as an Individual and; embezzled
as clerk' $30,000- from J the /United States
Mint." United States -District: Judge de
Haven) yesterday overruled- the demurrer
of George ; D. Collins," attorney for Dim
mick." "The^ case : will~be set for trial .In
April. Dimmick has beenin^all for eight
months. ; . .','•";¦¦.'
Dimmick : Must Stand . Trial.
Los ; Angeles-^-M. A. Murphy, at the
Navarre;' F. W. ; Worcester, at the Hol
land; M. K. Young, at the Grand Union.
San Francisco— A. C. Paulsmeier, E. A.
Williams, at the Imperial; W. H. Hechti
Miss Hecht," Captain A. H. Maxon, at the
Manhattan; L. H. . Carey, at the St-
Denis; A. P. White. N. D. White, at the
Victoria. '
NEW YORK, March ; 15.— The following
Californians have arrived:
Californians in New York.
;-. WASHINGTON,. Murch" ,13.— Rear. Ad
miral JohnJ'A:.- Hoy/ell /-president of -.the
navaltretiring, board -and next to? Admiral
Dewey". the : ranking "officer. 1 of j the^ navy,
reached the age of 62 years to-day,, and; in
accordance with-the' lav/ was placed. on
the retired ! II I Vtri-B^IUifffVWIWk/irWF^ffli
R ear /Admiral Howell Retires
¦I WASHINGTON, March- . 13/— Speaker
Henderson "and!, 'his' 1 -; lieutenants* of the.
House > have '^decided to i report the Crum
packer resolution for the appointment by
the ' Speaker/ of ia > committee . of thirteen
to^ investigate.. the -laws of (the
Southern States and to determine whether
the right: of : suffrage '. is abridged con
trary to the provisions .of ; the constitu
tion:^ The. resolution gives, ths: committee
the ; pb wer,, to summon • witnesses and ; sentl
for persons-ahel papers. The Committee
oh Rules 'will be- gulled -together, next
week to formally '.report this resolution."
Election Laws of the South.
DENVER, Colo.T March ; 15.— The body
of : the late " Bishop 'John Franklin , Spatt
ing of the Episcopal diocese of Colorado,
who died at ; Erie, Pa., jast Sunday, ar
rived • here ¦ this niornlng and ¦ was escorted
by the clergy, from" the depot to the "cathe-"
dral. ¦ At 10 .o'clock 'holy communion was
celebrated ¦ by ,VBlshop3 Leonard of Salt
Lake, Kendrick of : New Mexico and Ari
zona,* Millspaugh of Kansas and Williams
of Nebraska. . From : 11 until 1 ' o'clock the
body,, of Bishop Spalding lay in state 'and
was viewed : by hundreds of people. ., Fu^
neral services .were'- held this v afternoon. J
inwhlch the four .visiting bishops partici
pated.' ¦ • '._/¦ "•¦ ¦ ' .,' '/; ¦¦:''
Episcopal Bishop's Funeral Servic-3.
H. A. Butler/ president of the District
Council of Carpenters, and J. F. Macdon
ald. secretary, have issued a reply to the
resolutions adopted on Friday night by
the San Francisco Labor Council in refer
ence to the troubles existing between Car
penter's Union No. 483 and the Building'
Trades Council. These resolutions claimed
that the Building Trades Council was en
deavoring to control the whole situation.
In reply the officers of the District
Council of Carpenters say that those who
signed the resolutions of the San Fran
cisco. Labor Council are not actuated by
the best of motives and are attempting
to disrupt the entire labor movement.
The resolutions are decidedly personal In
cahracter.
to Resolutions Adopted by An
' other Organization.
District Body of Carpenters Replies
LABOR COUNCILS STILL
PASSING COMPLIMENTS
Disapprobation of an actor named Chu
JFu, expressed by a part of the audience
In a strenuous manner, caused a panic at
the Chinese theater last* night. For a
Sew minutes Chinamen fairly boiled out
of the exit and down the stairs In the
full belief that the highbinder war had
"broken out again.
Sergeant Conboy stemmed the torrent
(of frightened Celestials sufficiently to
pain entrance to the theater, and ascer
tained the cause of the panic.
It developed that certain Chinamen
who have been cut off from the free list
a cf the theater went in a body last night
* purposely to create a disturbance. They
carried concealed In their blouses a plen
tiful Eupply of firecrackers and eggs,
and when Chu Fu came out looking like
"Ferris Hartman in the "Serenade" they
forthwith put in transit toward the stage
B. deluse of over,-r!pe lien product and '
explosive bombs. Chu Fu withdrew be
hind the scenes, and" that portion of the
eudience not in the joke sailed into the
rircet. When matters had become quiet
the p'ay was resumed, but votive offer
lrjps were barred. .
Audience.
tanic in Theater Because Chu Fu
Failed to Please Part of
FIRECRACKERS AND EGGS
CAUSE CHINESE TO FLEE
J. B. Lankershim, the well-known cap
italist and colonel on the "¦•'= Governor's
staff*, is up from Los Angeles. He ia at
the Palace.
George F. Ditzler, a ¦ mining, man _ of
Biggs, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
F. R. Swain, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick accompanied by his
wife.
Frank . A. Cressey,' a banker of^ Mo
desto, is spending a few days at the
Lick. '.;...
W. F. George, the. well-known attorney
of Sacramento, is a guesf at^the Grand.
Dr. C. McMuckln, a physician of Pa
cific Grove.is at the Grand. .
J. M. Day, a mining man of Grub
Gulch, is at the Lick.
F. E. Arlington, a well-known resident
of Fresno, is a guest at the California.
PERSONAL.
He. says there are something over 32,
000,000 standard dollars now in the vaults
of the j San: Francisco ".treasury, and all
available '. space, is • crowded \ to the ut
most '.L He. urges; the necessity, of moving
into another structure or, providing for
more vault 'room in the. new Custom
house about to be erected in •' San Fran
cisco. -*. » . - •
WASHINGTON, March' 15.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day notified J the
Senate* that the Treasurer of
the ..United States San • Francisco ; - had
advised him that ; he is ; unable . longer, to
exchange silver certificates for > standard
silver, dollars for want .. of vault room in
which -to store the coin. . „
. Cannot Be Exchanged There
at Presents ' " - -
VAULT; IS CROWDED T .
WITH COIN" IN SILVER
Senate Is Notified: That Certificates
WASHINGTON. March 13.— The House
Ccmmittee on Foreign Affairs to-day con
tinued work on the Mitchell-Kahn Chi
nese exclusion bills, then adjourned until
Tuesday without completing the measure.
The changes thus far made are with a
vifcw.to making the exclusion apply to tha
coolie class without affecting the mer
chant' class.
Exclusion Bill Argument Continues.
The : case of Arthur Nelson of the, Nel
son ; troupe of acrobats; now performing
at the Orpheum, charged with allowing
a minor, his granddaughter Tina, to per
form/ was dismissed by Judge I Fritz yes
terday. - It was discovered that the com
plaint was defective, as it was alleged
that the offense was committed in 1901 in
stead of'1902. ; . . -
Complaint Was Defective.
Praise the American President, i
PARIS, March 15.— M. d'Estourvelles
de ' Constant, the . French diplomat, ar
rived in Paris to-day on his return from
the United States. He referred most en
thusiastically to his visit to America and
said: "I 'was overwhelmed by the royal
hospitality of which I was the recipient
everywhere. ; I t was highly gratified by the
hearty welcome accorded my by
Roosevelt, who was courteous In the ex
treme. It is a great pity he is not bet
ter known here."
It was found necessary to cut away the
iron before traffic. { which had- been - sus
pended for an' hour, could be resumed.
Car 501 was so badly twisted that it will
occupy a position In the shops for some
time; before resuming its "beat" on the
slot. s
There were but few people on the car
when it came to its sudden stop, but they
were severely shaken up.
It is customary for the gripmen of- the
Sacramento street line on nearing Polk
street to release '. the cable, at the same
time giving the" car. sufficient momentum
to carry j it across ! Polk street j to a point
some sixty feet beyond ; the crossing, in
order to -get the.rope again. Had the car
still. been connected.' with' the cable a se
rious accident would have undoubtedly oc
curred.';. ' -. ' •¦ ': *' '
Some heavy, dray, had evidently passed
over the slot and by Rs weight bent. the
iron so us to entirely close the slot.
The cause* of the trouble was the; close
approximation of the sides of the Sacra
mento street slot, where -it crosses the
Polk street slot. ' 1 ; : " /-'.--¦''-*': •¦
As car No. 501 of the Sacramento street
line was crossing Polk street on. Its trip
toward . the , ferry yesterday afternoon
about 1:15 o'clock it suddenly came to a
most abrupt stop, standing for an instant
on its forward trucks, like \ a plunging
horse, and then swinging sideways off the
rails.
ing Horse Act.
Sacramento-Street Car Does the Balk-
PEOPLE TREATED TO SHAKE-UP.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— Ths Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions- to the Senate: Navy— Captain
Arent Schuyler Crownlnshield t"o be rear
admiral; Lieutenant commander Hobart
M. Brown, retired, to be a commander on
the retired list.
nominations in the Navy.
HORTA, Azores, March 13.— The stcam
ei Elbe ¦ left here this evening for "Liver
pool with the passengers of the Cunard
steamer Etruria, v/hich was towed here
with loss of propeller and rudder March
2, while bound from New York to Liver
pool. All were well.
Etruria's Passengers All Well.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Dr. von
Holleben. the German Embassador. dined
with the President to-night. The Embas
sador later ga.ve a theater party, having
as his guests Mrs. Roosevelt. Miss Tuck
erman, Miss Carew, Major McCauley and
G. D. Reeves. '
Dines With the President.
HOUSTON, Tex., March 13.— At n meet
ing of the directors of the Galveston,
Harrisburg and San Antonio (Southern
Pacific) Railroad C. H. Markham. execu
tive head of the Houston and Texas Cen
tral system, was elected vice president
and will become the executive head of the
first-named road. lABSt
Executive Officer of Railroad Named.
The hackmen of San Francisco made
merry last night with a ball at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. An immense crowd thronged
the hall and all enjoyed one of the best
times the hall has seen for many a day.
The decorations were exceedingly pretty,
the walls being covered with scallops of
pink and white bunting set off by a hugs
centerpiece of pink and white, with silver
and gold trimmings. The officers of the
Hackmen's Union are:
President, M. W. Coffey; vice president,
Joseph Brown; recordinc secretary, John Dow
llng; financial secretary, John F. O'Kane;
treasurer, P. H. Coyle; warden, Thomas A.
RUey; trustees — William O'Kane, H. C. Raw
lings and Frank Sullivan. ...
The committees in. charge of the affair
were: . . ¦'- '-.¦.'¦ - :
Arrangements — H. C. ' Rawlirigs, chairman;
P. H. Coyle, J. F. O'Kane, J. Dowling, T. . C.
Sulll\-an, : Ed Doherty, J. Rowe, William Mc-
Laughlin. J. ¦ Brown and " J. Kerr.
Reception — J. B. Wllgus, chairman; J. ' J.
Eheehan, Eugene' McCarthy. . J. ¦ Manning, T.
Martin; J. Cuneo, J. ' S. Godeau, A.* Bruzzone,
William .'Beatty and D. Boyle. . •
'Floor — William. Touge,.. William O'Kane and
S.-G. Sullivan,. * '
William Pinto, was floor manager. He
was assisted ; by G. Hicks. N
Numerous Friends "With a
Grand Ball.
Local Union No. 224 Entertains Its
HACKDRIVERS GET CALL
FROM ODD FELLOWS' HALL
President, James A. Emery; first vice presi
dent, James T. Cosjjrove; second vice president.
Charles Glldea: recording secretary, James F.
O'Brien; corresponding secretary, John. Mul
hern; trustees — Richard ¦ O'Connor, Jeremiah
Deasy, John Tobln, M. Merrigan and John
Mulhern. . ~
The twenty-seventh annual banquet of
the Knights of St.' Patrick will be given'
this evening at the Palace Hotel, com*
mencing at 6:30 o'clock. Among. those to
whom invitations have been sent are Gov
ernor Henry T." Gage, Mayor E. # E.
Schmitz, Major • General Shatter, Chief
Justice i W; J. Beatty-and many others.
The banquets of the Knights of St. Pat
rick have always been leading, features
of the commemoration' of St. Patrick'?
day. The officers of the society in charge
of the banquet are as follows:
St. Patrick's Knights to Banquet.
Commercial Treaty Is Approved.
LONDON, March 16.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg to the Central News says
that De Witte, Russian Minister of
Finance, In conjunction with the German
Embassador, Count von- Alvensleben. hus
completed the draft of a' commercial
treaty, . the substance of which has al
ready been approved by the Government
at Berlin.
He Bars Hiss Correll had a mania >for
Belf-destruction, and had attempted sui
dde on several different occasions. Sh&
vas deliberate in the present case to an
extreme. She left the man she professed
to love in the sitting-room and went to
"her own room, -where she wrote the fare
¦well note. Then she returned down*
rtalre, secured the poison from a medi
cine-chest, swallowed it and returned to
the room, where Eliven was sitting. He
summoned medical attendance at once,
but It was of no avail to save the girl's
life. She has been in the city for about
m. year, and eo far as known she had no
relatives here. Her body . was taken to
the Morgue.
The "Walter" mentioned in the fare
well ncte of the girl Is Walter B. Bllven,
bji electrician employed by I the Market
etreet Railway Company, who resides at
21 Taylor street. He denies that ho is to
fclame fcr the girl's self-destruction, and
eays he was no more than an acquaint
ance of hers. He had never professed
affection for her, nor suspected that she
iwe.8 deeply attached to him. He called
on her yesterday afternoon, but they had
Co quarrel, and rhe gave no intimation
©f her Intention to Mil herself.
Elsie Correll, a domestic, aged 23 years,
¦who has been in the employ of Dr. L. D.
Currier at S21 Geary street for the past
three months, committed suicide by
sv.-a.llowir.g- carbolic acid yesterday after
noon. She left a note saying that "Wal
ter had broken her heart," and begging
forgiveness from her employer for the
trouble she . would cause Dim. She re
quested that her body be cremated.
Because Her Affection Was
Not Returned.
"Elsie Correll Swallows Carbolic Acid
UNREQUITED LOVE DRIVES
% HZB, TO COMMIT SUICIDE
The varsity nine defeated the San Jose
Normal School baseball team this after
noon by the decisive' score of 11 to 4. The
game, though *• interesting, was replete
.with errors, the varsity making eleven
and the normal team nine.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 15.—
W. F. Dunn '04 again won the champion
ship of the university in the handball
tournament this afternoon. Dunn's com
petitor in the finals was H. Martin '«:.
who lost to the champion in two straight
sets by the scores of 21^-13, 21—13.
Stanford Baseball and Handball
WASHINGTON. March 15.— A high offi
cial of the Grand Army of the Republic
is authority for the statement that the
pension committee" appointed at the last
annual encampment will soon submit its
report to the President and that they
feel greatly encouraged as to the result.
They are confident of Commissioner
Evans' removal, though not immediately,
and not in a way to humiliate him.
Expect the Removal of Evans.
COPENHAGEN, March 15.— The Presi
dent of the Land thins. Dr. Matsen, who
is opposed to the* sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States, seems in
clined to , delay , consideration , of the
treaty... He. has called the first meeting
of the Landthlng for. March 19. .The press
criticizes his attitude on the ground that
the delay Is considered discourteous to
the United States. It is thought that a
few of the President's own party will
support the Government, thus insuring
the ratification of the treaty without a
plebiscite.
Seeks to Delay the Treaty.
MIDDLETOWN, N. T., March 15.— The
unexpected receipt of $200,000 by the exec
utors of the estate of the late Dr. D. C.
Jayne of Florida^ this county, the pro
ceeds of the sale of what was once sup
posed to be a worthless California gold
mine causes some changes in the estate.
Dr. Jayne's will bequeathed much money
to various religious establishments. The
estate as originally inventoried was able
to pay only 30 cents on the dollar. One
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars
now remain after paying all claims.
Churches Will Be Benefited.
In an opinion rendered -to the- District At-,
torney of Marin County, shortly after the tak
ing effect ' of the general registration act of
1890, ' where the question related I to the voting
ot, certain school bonds, I held that It would
be safer to proceed under the general registra
tion law, rather than under the special law
relating: to municipal elections. .A -municipal
election however, is a very different ,. thing
from an* election called for the purpose of vot
ing bonds, and the special act of 1899. govern
ing municipal elections, must control In such
elections, as I have explained, In my opinion
transmitted , to-day to Mr. Ewing, tbe Dis
trict Attorney of Ventura ,County. , ,
• 1 notice from" the interior press that there
seems ' to be some misunderstanding -of tn?
views of this office In respect to ' the , registra
tion of voters for the purposes of a municipal
election. ' ~ , .
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford' ren
dered an opinion yesterday to F. W.
Ewing, District Attorney - of Ventura
County," with relation to the registration
of voters for municipal elections.
.In . speaking of the opinion Attorney
General Ford said: .'I
All Municipal Elections in
State. rj&A;
Special Act of 1899 Must Control in
TIREY L. "FORD DEFINES
THE LAW , 03? REGISTRATION
OAKLAND. March 15.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day to Frank O.
Gustaf son. 37 years, and Tekla W. Ander
son, IS, both of Oakland; Alfred Wold, 2&
Oakland, and Edith Knight, 22, Alameda;
John A. L. Derrick, 37, San Francisco,
and Mabel O. Venable, 25, Oakland; Frank
E. Croxall, 26, San Francisco, and Re
becca Bellow. 21, Alameda; Joseph £*.
Pereira, 34, Pleasanton*. and Emma Pin
helro, IS, Mission San Jose.
Licensed to Marry.
Detective Ryan, who was detailed on
the case, obtained a clew that both Ste
vens and Sanchez were in Chicago, and
'the authorities there were instructed' to
be on the lookout for them. Sanchez was
arrested but Stevens is still at liberty.
The only thing found on Sanchez was an
imitation diamond taken from a necklace
which Mrs. Darling used to wear on the
stage and which she has positively iden
tified. Sanchez evidently thought the
stone was genuine.
Stevens had been afforded accommoda
tion in the basement of Mrs. Darlingjs
residence, and by that means obtained
knowledge of where she kept her jew
elry. During her temporary absence on
January 24 he entered the house, accom
panied it is said by Sanchez, and stole
Mrs. Darling's diamonds and other Jew
elry. Stevens and Sanchez fled eastward,
and as Mrs. Darling did not discover her
loss till the following day they got a good
start.
Raymond Sanchez was brought back
from Chicago yesterday morning by De
tective Ryan and booked at the City Pris
on on a charge of burglary. He is ac
cused of being the accomplice of John
Stevens, the physical instructor, who is
wanted for stealing $9000 worth of jewelr$
from Mrs. Elizabeth V. Darling, 913 Eddy
street, on January 24.
From Chicago to Stand
' . Trial.
Raymond Sanchez Is Brought Back
ABBESTED FOB. STEALING
, J MRS. DARLING'S. DIAMONDS
GALVESTON. Tex., March 13.— The
British steamer Middleham Castle, which
arrived this afternoon from Antwerp, re
ports that she spoke* the United States
transport McClellan March 3 in latitude
34.10 degrees north, longitude 43.20 degrees
west, bound east. The transport wished
to be reported all well. The McClellan
sailed from New York February 23 for
Manila. She has now been out twenty
days, and the report of her arrival at
Gibraltar is expected. On board her are
200 school teachers, most of whom come
from the Middle States and the South and
Transport McClellan Is Spoken.
A .handicap doubles tournament for the
Davis cups will "be played on the club
courts at 10:30 to-dav.
W. B. Collier beat Harry Halght, 6-3,
6-3; Dr. Sumner Hardy beat Walter Starr,
6-4, and Mitchell, 6-2. 6-2; Dr. Lane beat
Dr. Noble, 7-5, 4-6, 6-4; A. Beyfu^s beat
Dr. Noble. 7-5, and N. Rideout. 6-1, 6-0;
Alden Ames beat Horace Hill, 6-1: J. A.
Code beat Punnett, 8-6, 6-3; G. N. Arms
by beat B. G. Wood. 6-1. 6-1, 6-2; Schmidt
tied Gibson, 0-6. 6-3; Rolfe beat Miles,
6-4, 6-4; Dr. Hardy beat Dr. Lane, 7-5.
All the cracks were out on the Cali
fornia courts yesterday and the spectators
were treated to some good matches. The
best match was in doubles in which Dr
Sumner Hardy and Frank Mitchell beat
R. N. Whitney and H. W. Crowell. The
score was 9-7. Another fast doubles was
that between George Whitney and Crowell
and Bob Whitney and Chet Smith. The
former won three straight sets— 6-4. 6-4.
6-4. Other matches resulted as follows:
J. A. Code and Punnett tied Sidney Salis
bury and Orvllle Pratt, 7-5, 4-6; and J.
Gibson and H. Schmidt tied Harry'* Rolf e
and Henry Miles, 6-4, 5-7. \
In singles the following matches were
played:
Second round— Marr beat Cassell, 6-3;
Rosa beat La Garde, 6-2; London vs.
Dodge, not played; Knickerbocker vs.
Page, not played.
First round— Cassell beat Hallerln, 6-2;
Marr beat B. McFarland, 6-0; Ross beat
P. Martin, 7-6; La Garde beat O'Brien,
6-4; S. London beat Miss Bertha Gardner,
6-3; J. Dodge beat Grlffln, 6-4; Knicker
bocker beat Saunders, 8-6. and Boy Page
beat A. McFarland. 6-2. . J
Owing to the mildness of the weather
yesterday play on the tennis courts
around the bay was lively. The principal
event was the doubles try-out of tbe Uni
versity of California held on the college
court. As was expected Reuben Hunt
and George Baker won, but the fact that
they won in straight sets was somewhat
of a surprise. MacGavln played an ex
cellent game, but his partner, Brown,
who Is much stronger in singles than in
doubles, did not play well. The score in
favor of Hunt and Baker was 6-4, 6-3, 6-1.
The third tournament for Juveniles was
started to the park yesterday. Fifteen
boys and one girl took part. Following
Is a summary of the day's play:
College in Annual Match.
With Stanford.
Hunt and Baker Will Represent the
BEBKELEY TENNIS MEN
HOLD A TRY-OUT
Mrs. Lizzie . J. Cook (owner) with. Jacob
Schuler ."(contractor), . architect ' William H
Wharff— All ¦•¦ work ¦_ except plumbing, . gas an-1
electrical. fixtures, gas fittings and mantels for
a 3-story fra.me residence on the NE corner of
Sutter and Scott streets, N 94 by E 30; $56«'J.
Anna BramU (owner) with William. Plant
(contractor), architect C. , A.,Meussdorffer — All
work except plumbing, . painting,' >\ electrical
work, mantels, :; ga« ' fixtures ; and slipdes > for
alterations and additions .to a; 2-story frame
structure on lot on ; N line of. Broadway. 50 E
of Laguna.'E 30,by,N 137:6; $S270. .
' Thomas A: • Drlscoll ? (owner) . " with Duffey
Bros. ¦ ( contractors).-' architects - Shea & Shea
Plumbing ¦ and jrasfltting for a six-story .and
brick basement " building . on lot "on SE • corner
of Fourth and Clementina streets. S 50 E 70
S 10, E 40, N 60.W 110;$S281 50. '
. Julia Gascon (per E. Deplerre, : owner) ' with
L. B. Peramont (contractor), architects • E.
Deplerre and P. Rlghetti — All alterations and
additions to a. three-story frame building on
lot . on ' SE corner of ' Bush -and Hyde streets
1195, 1197 and. 1199 Bush; $1200.
Henry Llchtenstedt (owner) with • J. M. Rob
ertson (contractor), architect Charles Paff — All
work for a two-utory. partly ¦ finished basement
frame building on lot on SW corner of Willard
and. Farns worth avenues: $450S. •• • •
Builders'. Contracts.
Fred *.G. and i Freda Eiben. Andrew J. and
Annie S. Nor and William \V. Xeal to same,
lots. 8 and 9. block 4G0, same; $10. .
Louis and AVllhelmson to B -A
Lindberg, lot 227, Hey man Tract; $10. •
William and Margaret Colby to ; Harry Cos
griff, lot on E line of Diamond avenue. 100 N
of Berkshire. N 25 by E-lOO, block 14, ¦< Mis
sion and Thirtieth Streets Extension Home
stead; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Joseph Cuneo. lot on E
line of Concord avenue, 50 N • of Morse street,
N 50by. E 120, lot 00, Bernal Heights; $10.
Florenceu-M. . Crim (single) to C. August
Welhe, . lot 7, ¦ block 466; Bay View Homestead
Association; $10. I •• ¦ ¦• .' : .*¦ ; :
Mary Maguigan (widow) to P. H. McGulgan,
Re-record 1774 D. 217, lot on W line of Leaven
worth street, 57:6 S of Broadway, S 20 by W
«0; $10.
H. H. and Annie M. McGulgan to Henry Jen
sen, fame; $10.,
Thomas and Alice Plynn to Nicholas Prosl,
lot on NE line of Rltch street, 150 NW 6£ Har
rison, NW 25 by NE 80; $10.
Nellie Lieae to Martha A. Cornelius and Alice
L Higby. lot on SE line of Stevenson street,
200 SW of Sixth. SW 50 by SE 75; $5. - .
Alice L. Higby to Martha A. Cornelius, un
divided half of lot on SE vline of Stevenson
street. 200 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by SE 75; $5.
Martha" A. Cornelius to Alice L. Hlgby, un
divided half of lot on SE line of Stevenson
street, 225 SW of Sixth, SW 25 by SE 75; $5.::
Thomas and Mary J. O'Brien .to William A.
Newsom, lot on W.line of Eleventh avenue, 17o
S of Clement street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Annie R. or Ann R. Cummings (by
John A Drlnkhouse. administrator) to Solomon
Getz lot on W corner of Brazil and Edinburgh
streets SW 300 by NW 100. block 37. Excel
sior Homestead; also lot on SE line of Madrid
street? 150 SW of Brazil, SW 300 by SE 100.
block 37, same; also lot on NW line of Lisbon
street, .'500 NE of China avenue. NE 100 by
NW 100 block 17, same; also lot on NW line
Lisbon . street, 100 NE of China ave,nue. NE
150 by NW 100, block 17, same; also lot on
NW line of Lisbon street. 75 NE of China ave
nue NE- 75 by NW 100. block 17, same; also
lot on SE line of Paris street. 200 NE of China
avenue, NE 50 by SE 100. block 17. same; also
lot on SE line of • Madrid street. 75 SW of
Brazil avenue, S 75 by SE 100, block 37; same;
also lot on SE line of Madrid street. 50 NE of
Persia NE 50 by SE 100. block J>7, same; also
lot on NW line of Edinburgh street. 100 NE of
Persia avenue, , NE • 50 by. NW 100, block 17,
same; also lot on NW line of Edinburgh street,
150 NE of Persia avenue, NE 75 by NW 1C0,
block 37, same; $5600. ¦ . , ¦
.Martha J. Scooffy (widow) to DIna Elsen
bach (widow), lot on E line of Taylor street,'
»7:0 N of Post, N 40 by E 105; $10.
Giovanni and., Carolina Queirolo, to John
Bacigalupl, lot on Ii line of Mason street, SO
S of Bay, S 20 by E CS:9; $10.
A. E. Buckingham has sold six lots on
the east side of Eleventh avenue, 100 feet
north of I street, size 150x120," to McGee &
Canfield, for $5700; two lots on the west
ride of Tenth avenue, 200 feet south oi H
street, size 25x120 each, for $1900; south
west corner of H street and Tenth avenue
for $2350, to J. Proll, size- of lot 32:6x100.
Within two weeks McGee & Canfleld will
commence building on their lots.
SATURDAY, March 15.
• James and Annie G. KJtterman to^ Angela
and Luisi • Besowl, lot on N line ; of Green
street ia7:0 E of Polk, N 115. NE to point, S
t0 a P h 0 imas'L 3 and ?1 R08e A. Riordan to Bosalle
J Colombat (widow) lot on E- line of _ Van
Ness avenue. CO N of Turk street. N JO, t
10 MlchaeY- "h. and 'Marguerite *G. Golden to
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
lot on SB corner of Filbert and Webster
streets S 25 by E 1U0; $10.
Michael Crotty to Margaret O'Brien, lot on
N line of Ellis street, 40 E of Pierce, E ai by
Edward H. Bitter to- Amelia Bitter, Olive
B Bourgougnon and Mathilda B. Huillet, lot
on SW corner of Sacramento and btelner
streets. S 120 by W 51:3; $10. £ ; . '
Albert Gallatin to Malvina Gallatin. lot on
N line of Green street, 103 :ti K of Pierce. E
34- by N 137:6; $2500.
Home Mutual Building and Loan Association
to Frederick H. Clark, lot on E line of Laurel
street 77:8^ S of Clay; S 25 by E 107:0; $5S00.
Marcus S. Koshlund to Cortnne S., Kosnland,
lot on NW corner of Washington ana 'Maple,
streets, W 117:9 by N 143:7%; gift,
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Joseph
and Louisa Gregory, lot , on NE - - corner of
Twenty-first and Castro streets, N 26:ti by E
100; $1500. ' ..•...•.. -¦ ¦...;•
John M. and Hortense L. Morton to Joseph
and Jacob Weissbein, lot' on : SE corner of
Twenty-third street and Hoffman avenue (El
len) S 2(J:tt by'.E 00, lot ISO, Heyraan Tract,
quitclaim deed; $10. •-.. ¦
John and Maria Uacigalupl to Giovanni Quer
lrolo, lot on E line of Mason street, tiO S of
Bay, S 20 by E B8:0; ?10.
REAL ESTATE 3 TRANSACTIONS
OAKLAND. March la. T After an illness
o& ten months Mrs. D." S. Richardson,
wife of D. S. Richardson, general super-*
intendent of the postoffice at San Fian-
Cisco, died at 10:30 o'clock to-night at her
residence. East Thirty-first and Summit
streets. East Oakland.- Besides the hus
band there are three surviving chlldreft,
Hejen R. Espey, Sidney Richardson art!
Ruth Richardson. The funeral arrange
ments will be made later.
perintendent of San Francisco
Postoffice, Passes Away.
Mrs. D. S. Richardson, Wife of Su-
ESTIMABLE WOMAN DIES
AFTES A LONG ILLNES3
WASHINGTON, March . 15.— The chair
man of the House Democratic caucus.
Representative Hay of Virginia, to T day
published a call « for a caucus next Wed
nesday, night in the hall of the House to
consider the question of policy onthe
Boer war. The petition for" the caucus
presented to Hay contained the names of
fcrty Democratic members. : : ;
PRETORIA, . March 14 (Friday).—Com
mandant ' Selliers of the Kroonstad
(Orange River Colony) command of Boers
was among the prisoners captured by the
British recently in the HeilDron district.
DURBAN, March 15.— The civil treason
court has been disbanded. Hereafter per
sons charged with treason will be tried
by court-martial. Of the 'estimated i>00
rebels in Natal, 500 have been tried. Their
sentences ranged up to ten years' im
prisonment, and the fines which were also
Imposed amounted ' in. some cases to as
high as £5000.
, RQME,; March 15.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day » Senor Prinetti, the . Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, replying to a
question, said the Government of Italy
declined to take the initiative in propos
ing European ' Intervention in South
Africa. He was glad of the | opportunity,
to, say that -the relations between Italy
and Great were never more cor
dial and intimate than at present.
; Now, : however, since General Delarey's
chivalrous release of. General Methuen,
the Vicomte ; thinks the . British Govern
ment may consent ? to / the French am
bulance going, to", the -Boers..; .' V-
PARIS, March 15.— The Vicomte; Chris
tian de Villebois de Mareull, a brother
of ' the : hero of ; Boshof ,- South Africa,' has
written to" the British Government re
questing permission to -take a French
ambulance ; to the Boers. He says the
ambulance Is ready to start for South
Africa.if Great -Britain gives the;neces
sary authorization. The Vicomte ft would
have - made ' the ; reuuest before.' but : wa3
deterred from so doing by the British re
fusal to allow other ambulances to go to
the Boers. . ' .: > ; ' /¦¦¦ :.'.¦¦.'¦
At 2:30 o'clock the annual alumni-Cali
fornia baseball game will be played on
the campus.
In the afternoon at 2 o'clock the alumni
will meet In the students* observatory to
discuss the needs of the university and
plans for filling these needs. President
Wheeler will address theymeeting. From
4 to 6 o'clock President and Mrs. Wheeler
will give a reception to Mr. Perry in-
Hearst Hall. - . ¦ /
"vAt;9 a.' m. the doors of Harmon gymna
sium, where the exercises will be held,
will be . opened. A large section of the
seats will be reserved for the university,
and tickets will be issued for, these. Other
seats will be left unreserved for the pub
lic. '_• Two processions will move to the
gymnasium just ''preceding the exercises.
One will consist of Regents, members of
the faculty, officers of alumni bodies and
invited guests of the university, who will
assemble at the library and move in pro
cession at 10:15 a. m. The other will con
sist of graduate students, students of the
professional colleges and of the academic
colleges. • This procession will move at
9:45 a. m. The charter day address will
begin at 10:30 o'clock.
BERKELEY, March 15.— The programme
for the celebration of charter day, the
thirty-fourth anniversary of the founding
of the University of California, has been
completed. The principal exercises will
be held during the morning of Saturday,
March 22. Dr. Bliss Perry, editor of tho
Atlantic Monthly, will be the charter day
speaker. .
Mrs. v Brooks was asked to ; identify , the
watclv her. son had '-worn -when he was
killed. .'At sight of the watch Mrs. Brooks
swayed' in" her chair and would have fallen
to the floor : if a | friend '.'had not hurried
to ¦ r her>'aid. i She ""was carried from the
rcom in a'faint.- ' ¦'-.' ¦
V; Mrs.' Brooks said she'iheard many con
versations between . her son and Florence'
Burns. .The latter on one occasion taunt
ed' the young man with being a "kid" be
cause; he; said he did not .wish' to marry,
as- he would' then -.be obliged; to leave , the
home 'of his. parents. ,
'"Florence Burns said Brooks was " a
criminal because : he ( would not let-Walter
marry her... She also said::.' 'If he does not
marry- me I: will shoot -him, and I..wili
shpot to kill.' I answere'd that If she shot
him T. would shoot her/ and then I asked
her:" 'Why don't you kill yourself ?'."
NEW YORK, March : 15?— Florence
Burns. was arraigned In the' Court of Spe
cial Sessions before Justice Mayer, to-day
in the continuation of ' the case against
her on the charge of shooting Walter S.
Brooks/at the Glen • Island Hotel several
weeks ago., .' Mrs. Thomas •_ W. Brooks,
mother of the dead man, testified:
The theft for. which Smith was arrested
was committed on Friday night while
Mrs. Kruttschnltt was absent for a short
time from her apartments. When she re
turned she found the doors, locked as 'she
had left them and nothing apparently
molested. It- was only when she had oc
casion to look in her bureau drawers that
she discovered that her two handsome
gold watches, with their; fine gold chains,
a diamond brooch and two diamond pins
were missing. It was at once apparent
that the thief was or had been in the em
ploy of the hotel, as It was evident that
he used a pass key In entering the rooms.
Until last Thursday Smith was em
ployed as bellboy In the hotel, but 'on* that
aay he was discharged for- some' breach
of conduct. On the following night the
theft of Mrs. Kruttschnitt's: jewels, oc-f
curred. Suspicion immediately pointed to
the discharged bellboy,, as . it was sup- 1 ,
posed that he had an intimate knowledge
of the apartment occupied by the K/utt
schnitts and that he had frequently . seen
the valuable jewels. As. soon. as 1 the rob-*
bery was reported to Captain Seymour
defectives were ..detailed to ' search . for
Smith. His name , was placed on v the
detinue ; book, and no one, not even "his
mother, was permitted to see him.
Harry Smith, who resides at; 426 Butter
street and who was formerly ; a bellboy
hi the Hotel< Richelieu at Van j Ness ave
nue and Geary street, was arrested last
night on suspicion that he had a hand in
stealing Mrs. Julius KruttBChnitt's Jewels
trcm her rooms in itie hotel mentioned.
The arrest was made ' by Detective
Thomas Gibson at the corner : of Mason
and Turk streets. The youth was taken
to the Southern station and his . name
placed on the detinue book. '..;• '..-.¦_ ¦" _.'¦;
Mrs. Bentley was found guilty a week
ago by Judge Edgar of Berkeley of vio
lating a town ordinance that requires
people to connect their houses with the
street sewer. She claimed that the health
authorities were persecuting her. and said
that rather than pay a $30 tine she would
serve out the dollars at the rate of one
for each day in jail.
As soon as the jail doors were opened
to her the aged woman made baste to get
away from their, vicinity. She went
straight to her home in Berkeley.
The' attorney filed an appeal and then
had Judge Ellsworth accept $100 in cash
to insure her reappearance in case the
appeal goes against her.
Six days behind heavy steel bars, w.tn
forty-four more staring her in the lace,
have made .Mrs. Honorah Bentley, the
aged and rich Berkeley woman, tired of
jail life. She got her attorney to get her
out of the county bastile to-day pending
an appeal that she has taken from the
decision x>f Justice of the Peace Edgar
against her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. March 13.
The fixing of a flate for the meeting
recta wtih the Santa Fe representative.
A reply to President Schaffer's telegram
is expected to determine the time for the
fcctsiun.
To Col. A. H. Pay-son, agent Atehison, To
ss's* and Santa. Fe Railroad, Oil Market street,
£an Franci&cc), Cal.— President E. P. Ripley
has suggested by wire that you as his ac
credited representative would gladly furnish
the City Council of Oakland with information
concerning the intentions of the Santa Fe Rail
road with regard to entering this city. Your
railroad will undoubtedly De welcomed here by
t".: classes of our citizens, and If yon will
suggest some nigrht next week when you can
personally meet the council at Its chamber In
the City Hail, Oakland, we will all be glad to
see you and meet you more than half way on
tny proposition calculated to encourage the
coming of the great Santa Fe and the benefit
to this city. Kindly answer.
LOUIS SCHAFFER.
President City Council.
Upon receipt of the reply President
Echeffer sent a dispatch to Captain Pay
eon, answer to which is awaited. The tel
egram invites Captain Payson to appear
before the City Council at an early date,
And reads as follows:
OAKLAND. March IS. 1902.
; The telegram was forwarded to Presi
1 ient Ripley, who Is now at Santa Bar
. feara. His reply Is as follows:
SANTA BARBARA, March 13.
i Louis F. Bchaller. president City Council,
; Oakland, Cal. — Your icessagre to Chicago has
been- referred to me here. We are seeking- an
i entrance into Oakland. As to details, kindly
' confer with Mr. A. H. PayBon, 641 Market
'• street, San Francisco, who Is my accredited
I representative. Mr. Payson will be glad to
i. furnish you all information desired.
E. P. RIPLEY.
Asked to Appear Before Council.
The correspondence opens with a dis-
I patch from President Schaffer to Presl
- dent Ripley. It Is as follows:
T »>¦-';' OAKLAND, March 12.
Mr. E.- P. Ripley, president of the Atchison.
Topeka. and Santa Fe Railroad, Chicago—
¦ Residents of this city have made application
: Jor a railroad franchise along and bctoss public
: streets of this city, basing the request upon
the statement that it is the coming- of your
' great railroad system, moaning- terminal and
ail benefits to our people, ir it is really the
; «Teat Santa. Fe. our people will welcome It to
¦ almost a unit, but If It is merely & echetne of
, speculators we should like to know that.
Please officially inform me as to your position
I and intentions with relation to franchise and
' tbi» City. LOUIS SCHAFFER,
President City Council.
Telegraphic communication between
President Louis Schaffer of the Oakland
City Council. President Ripley and Cap
tain A. H. Payson of San Francisco, who
represents the Santa Fe road, has bee:i
made public. It positively ehows that the
6anta Fe people . are ready to come into
Oakland.
President Schaffer's Dispatch.
President E. P. Ripley of the Atchison.
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad has offi
cially confirmed the statements hitherto
•published that his great system Is seek
ing entrance into Oakland.
Oakland Office San-Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 15.
The masked burglar pulled a pistol and
fired at the'door, but the bullet went wild
and struck the partition. The masked
individual then ran out and the police
were notified. Several officers responded
and made an investigation. They found
a bullet, evidently flred from a 44-caliber
revolver. Imbedded in the partition. They
searched the neighborhood for the rob
ber; but were unable to find any trace of
him. /-.v ,
It was almost closing: time, and Olsen
and his wife were in their apartments in
the rear. Mrs. Olsen heard a noise In
front, and looking through the glass In
the door saw a man wearing a white
mask and a dark slouch hat standing in
front of the bar. She called to her hus
band, who was in the kitchen, further in
the rear, at the same 'time pulling aside
the curtain hanging over the glass 'portion
of the door.
Shortly after midnight a masked bur
glar entered the saloon kept by Mr. and
Mrs. Ellas Olsen at Third and Jefferson
streets, and not finding any one In the
front part of the saloon fired a shot at
the partition in the rear and then de
camped.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 15.
ball Game and Reception
Programmed.
Address, Conference, a Ease-
Florence Burns Hears Some
Sensational Testimony
in Court. ..
Release . of . Methuen May
• Cause the British to
.Consent.
Harry Smith Believed to Be
Person Who Took Krutt
schnitt Jewels. ...
Puts. Up Bail to Insure Her
Reappearance Pending
an Appeal.
Bullet Is Found by Police
Imbedded in Partition
in the Esar.
City Council Invites the Com
pany's Agent to Appear
Before It.
Police Think They Have
the Hotel Richelieu
Robber.
Nobleman Asks. to Take
Ambulan ce to South
Africa.
Mrs. Thomas Brooks
Testifies in } a New
York' Case.
Mrs. Honorah Bentley Is
Unwilling to Serve
Sentence.
President Ripley Makes
Official Confirmation
of News.
Events of Anniversary
Celebration Are Ar
ranged.
Fires Shot at Wife of
Proprietor When He
Is Discovered.
ANNUAL CHARTER
DAY EXERCISES
SHE TIRES AFTER
A WEEK IN JAIL
HOLD BELLBOY
ON SUSPICION
SAYS SANTA FE
ROAD IS COMING
SEEKS TO AID
BOER WOUNDED
MASKED BURGLAR
ENTERS SALOON
MOTHER TELLS
OF THE THREAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, 1902;
HAMBURG. - March. ID.— The ; ; Hamburg-
American line/: following : the : load . yesterday oC
the ' Nbrth I German I Lloyd : Steamship | Company,
announced . to-day an' Increase of ten • marks in
ltssteerase rates to .New Tork. ' '.¦¦<
Horse rnd 'Wogcn Burned
A fire in the ctable in the rear of the
Chinee laur.firj- on P*»iine street., between
California. Sacramento. Steiner 'and
Pierce etreeis. caused an alarm from box
321 at midnight. A hors=e and, wagon be
long::^ to thc» proprietor of the laundry
•were destroyed. The damage amounted
toJJUO
Successful "Rummage" Sale.
A "rummage" sale bazaar was opened
ytsterday at 417 Fourth street in aid of
the Mizpah Presbyterian /Church, Harri
eop street. There was a constant stream
of purchasers of discarded but • excellent
garments throushout the day, and many
a poor man entered looking shabby and
seedy and walked out with, the-appear
ance of being Jn co/nparatlve affluence.
Those who took an active part in dis
posing of the articles were Mrs. B.~ F.
Watson, president of the Ladles' Aid.So
ciety of the church : Mrs. , G. W.- Kidd.
secretary ; Mrs. R; F. Jenkins; treasurer;
Mrs. D. Gillie, -Mrs: M. G. Bowdlsh, Mis*
S. Rlxon, the Misses Annie Watson,' Alice
Glllio, Janette Bowdlsh and Robert "Jen
kins. The eale will 'continue till March 24.
American Foresters' Anniversary.
On the night of^the 22d jn'st. -Court > Pre-
Hiilio^No. 40: of -the"; Foresters; of /America
will "celebrate? thc'^ twelfth anniversary ,ol
it'sjtihstitution i by .'giving ¦: a < banquet; to! It«
members * and . . the ' grand ', officers resident
in this" city.'. '. The' affair; is^belns arranged
by 'a'; committee; consisting -of M.'.J.'.Ma
guire,' H. v ; G.' Tanner, i C. W.'. Brown, 11. C.
Rice and • C. 1 " F.' .Werner. .'.'¦/
31
Q. - . Dr. Meyers & Co. use remedies that are -K
li \ VsS*- t-r: ?i>it5^w'i? / entirely unknown to any other spfciaiists stjj
N \ N^t^^Jw''Se^8B > / ln the Vest - Tne physician-j have had a
0 \ . xfSwSsvjgsySft / longer experience and better training than \
m \ J»\ t-A&tfxfii^r I others. Th*y are more able to quickly h
II \ iZ^LK^J d!agi!C3e a cast, r.nd their treatment act3 H
H /\"^ NN *-ir — \*^?*^/ directly, positively and effectively. They j
Eg f. \^ I Y/'y use no poisonous drugs or. harmful meth- a
IS *\?d- IS • ods. 'Their treatment Is speedy, painless. K
s| - f*Z^^ Their equipment is modern, costly and 5
r| ' . . scientific. {^
H ¦ Behind ; these' statements are years of constant practice. . Dr. Meyers & U
M ' -o, are respected by the medical profession as physicians of the greatest abll- g
R ity. They are the court of last resort ln desperate cases where there Is not H
H time for argument or doubt' and where ; the best skill must be had immediate- B
1 ly.. Whether your case is sever* or mild, of recent or long standing. ; you Eg
B should have the best attention, Ind it. will cost you no more than any other. 21
1 Varicocelir Weakness |
H' It is remarkable how some of the No ailment of man brings toits E
l ; -SS.%^wS r t?fh.^wS? T d^f a S : victim greater discouragement, hope- I
|| particular is! this so with regard to lessness and terror than weakness B
0 the old-fogy method of treating van- - - ¦¦ : rj
B , cocele by Tnsertlngthe ligature. Mod- In the large majority of cases weak-, jj
H;;;ern medicine Is scientific— at one time ness ;is^ found! to be the result of an 9
am Dr. Meyers & Co.' 'are representa- exhausted nervous condition, impov- \
H tlve of the progressive Bpeciallets. erisned' blood or a local derangement li
M and in publishing the results of. their ¦ , W
H scientiflc Investigations with regard of the pelvic system. >3
1 nerv^u, C mseais a^ el con"eVr^ treatment restore, vigor and |
fa -, great benefit upon mankind. strength and tones up the entire con- jj
|| .They desire to meet^hosp who suf- stitution. A clear mind, ambition §1
1 ture! r p?cs^aUc 0 Tioub^Hydr S o?ele" ™* ruddyhealth areessential to hap- I
H and the.nervous diseases so often as- .piness. We could refer by permls- II
H sociated with (Pelvic Maladies. ThU sion to hundreds of successful men n
1 th an^ tO^^^alir?gS ; . who came to us In a state of phy-i- I
M • ; methods of cure. . ' cal and mental collapse. |l
lOm^MEXEJR&^CoA
a 73/" MARKET STHEE.T, Si F. H
¦ .HOURS-) to 13, 1 to '4; Evenings. 7 to' 8: Sundays. 9 to tL H
¦*MJHMWl^lLa«>AMJ<JUWJ5S*W»IJWPI^^Ancient Order of Workmen.
The' old-time minstrel show that.ls /.o.
be given '.on the night of the, 19th inst. in
Odd Fellows' Assembly Hall -by .Templar
Rtbekah > Lodge promises to, be an un
usual event, and from the -interest -that
has . been taken' the prospects 'are- that
there will be a' large attendance. 'A. good
programme has been prepared, and H. ; W.
Optoff , • the : funny man of the ; order, ' who'
.will be stage manager, declares that jokes
that:- antedate I the ark will- not -be tol
erated.-. : -;¦¦ -, , • - -, ' . ; ¦ •
;The juvenile party v given, by Oriental
Rebekah; Lodge on' the 12th Inst. was a
decided . success that r was enjoyed v by as
many as could ¦ crowd into the halli where
the .' lodge meets. . The ', programme of » tho
vaudeville ¦ order was -by children, £ and as
a~; whole ; it , was one of . the -best , that . has
ever b^en given by little ones in the Odd
Fellows' building. * The , committee a that
arranged this ¦. feature '.was ' Noble v Grand
Miss - Sarah A.*: Draffln,; Josephine " Wal
iworth; .Mrs. r. Williams, and -.Mrs.. ; Clark.'
The programme was made up of a recita
.tion- by * Miss",? Younger ; ? . duet ¦ by , Irene
Bcarmene and-: Charles Spottswood; I exhi
bition ' dance,- Miss Campbell ; ; fancy dance,
Mlra Trilsen . and Vera^Wlnterberg; l: ex
hibition-dance,-Irene .iGoudy; specialties,
Annie Driscoll ; ..-recitation,- • Frances '" Rob
liison;: specialties,"- Maude* Sharpe;,, violin
solo; ;Mary-Lutz;fmanodlln, solo, Irene
Goudy.-'- The : programme 6 was . followed by
one: of dancing for 'the adults; ¦ i
. • At -the recent party ?. given by „' Amity
The Bebekahs.
v « On ' the ¦ night - of ¦ the 28th • Inst. Yosemite
Council, after the regular . business of . the
¦evening, will" have 1 a whist party on the
progressive -line. ' ' v ¦ -
i.- The -San Francisco -Cabinet .= will visit
El Capltan Council In Balboa-Hall, Native
¦¦¦<¦ Mrs. J Leo • Canman,. wife of the presi
dent ('• of =¦ Press- Council .;• of .; Chicago, is
on a i visit to - this State and • at <l pres
ent < Is ; in : this "city.-. At : the entertain
ment ' of the :; National Union Social i and
Literary Club she was one : of the many
who enjoyed ' the . programme. : ' She ; < Is r a
guest* of i Senator -and'.Mrs. - James E.
Field: '"vvV'-i' -¦¦'<¦-¦ .-'¦¦¦ ¦:¦ :¦¦»•-: -.u</«
Gate Council.; at its meeting on
the;ilth Inst:," had agood attendance and
after; the routine of business there was a
debate on, ''Should the Government of the
United : States "maintain a tariff : on im
ports from, the Insular possessions?"- The
matter- was; ably discussed ¦ by Senators
James E. : Field. J. H. Baker and J. J.
Scovllle, and the; decision was that, such
tariff ought not; to be maintained." During
the ' evening the council - received - three
applications. -. ' ¦¦* •¦-¦•.';/;¦¦
The entertainment that was given by,
the National. Union Social and Literary,
Club* in Odd Fellows' Hall, under the'di
rection of W. W. Healey, E. A. Kidd, J.
N.; Bunting and F. J H. | Hastings as the
general committee ', and John R. ;¦ Hillman
of Pacific ' Council ? as "chairman ; of the
evening, was a great success, the hall < be
ing crowded to its utmost limit.. The pro
gramme was a well arranged and pleasing
one 1 and i the several*, numbers were i well
received. r After ' the entertainment there
was. a well ¦ balanced programme: of
dances. • The • committees of the evening
were : Reception . committee— F. A. Page,
J.-E. Field,' Carlos F. de Berna.R.vT. On
yon, ; H. ., D. Corbett/ H. ' W. >¦ Ma4ss, Al
Blass; floor, manager— A. A. Banz ("Ach
Lui") ; ' ; assistants— W: C. • Anderson. - Jo
seph^ J. ;Liberman, W. A. Galvin, ' H.
Scheper, J.-L. Morris. Arthur S. Nelson.
The ; National Union.
: The following named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary during
the past week: Grand President Mrs. G.
W. Baker, Grand Vice President Miss
Eliza Douglas Keith; Grand Treasurer
Amanda Hammerly.Mrs. Lucle Hammer
smith, Mrs. Minnie Kalloch and Mrs.
Marks of Darina Parlor; Millie Tietjen of
Golden State Parlor; Loretta Lambert of
Yosemite Parlor; Mrs. D. Daniels of Fre
mont Parlor; Dolly Hyams'of Sans Souci
Parlor; Nellie Boege of La Vesgero Par
lor; Mrs. I* M. McKenna and Delia Mc-
Cullough of Oakland, and Lena Hammer
ly of Piedmont Parlor.*
On the 12th inst. the grand ¦ president
visited the parlor- at Watsonville, on the
13th she was with the one in Gilroy and
on the 14th with the one In Martinez. On
the 17th she will visit Fremont Parlor in
this city, and on the 20th she will be with
Buena Vista Parlor, her home parlor. v. -
On the recent official visit of the grand
president, Mrs. Baker, to. Bonlta Parlor.
In San Mateo. she was accompanied by
Grand Secretary Mlsa Laura J. Frakes.
who had been specially invited, and by
Emma Dellwig of Buena. Vista .Parlor.
The visitors were met ; 'af the.depot by
Mrs. Offerman, whOjescorted them to her
home and entertained them there.. At the
meeting of the parlor, there were also
present Mrs. Buttsalihg. who was the
hrst grand inside sentinel of a grand par
lor, and Nora Wilson, a past grand offi
cer. .After the work of the evening there
was a banquet in honor of the visiting
officer and those who accompanied her.
The Native Daughters.
On the night of the 13th- inst. Yerba
Buena Lodge had an event that brought
pleasure to the heart of every member.
Some time in the distant past the lodge
was forced to borrow a : considerable sum
of money and it gave a note for the s.ame.
Within the past month the last payment
on tha, note was made and the event on
the night, named was, the burning of the
note that had been . canceled. This • wa3
done by the > noble grand, W. P. Hum
phreys, assisted by ¦. the members of the
lodge and a number of | visitors, after
which there were „ addresses by 'James
Boyes, Past Grand vMasters ! Barnes»
Louderback and L. L. Alexander, W. D.
Keyston and J. S. Reed. By: a' singular
coincidence- ' the night ,' chosen was the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the night
when W. D. Keyston joined ¦ the . lodge.
The speeches, • appropriate to . the . occa
sion, were followed by the serving of a
collation. • •' ¦'. ¦• ¦ , :
-The relief committee of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows has appointed F.' D.
Macbeth, W. E. Creed, F. ¦ J. i Smithson,
A. • A. Fr iedlander and ¦ T. R. -Mann as a
committee to arrange for the golden : an
niversary of the establishment- of tha re
lief committee in this city. This 'will be
on the 6th of December next. _
John Morton, one of the trustees of. the
home at" Thermalito, Is quite i> HI at the
Pa.citic Hospital at Stockton and
nut streets.^ . - . ... • •¦ :'• ¦-:' . . v ' .,
The Odd Fellows.
' Judge H. R. - . McNoble, second grand
vice president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West, paid an official visit to Cal
ifornia Parlor on the 13th Inst. and he
was cordially received. He gave an In
teresting and entertaining talk under
good of the order.
Grand Trustee Boxton will soon make
a tour of visitations to the parlors in
Lake and Napa countiesr , - •
The Native Sons.
Imuroved: OTder of "Red. Hex*;
On tbe "night, of .the 22di inst.' there .will
he a mass meeting of the .membership of
the local tribes of the Improved Order
cf Red Men- in the Post-street Wigwam
for the purpose of being Informed as to
the work of the new hall association.
Sotoyome Tribe at its last held session
adopted two palefaces and reinstated two
brothers, who had allowed themselves to
become suspended. • - -
Onelda Council on the night of the 13th
Snst. received an official visit from the
great Pocahontas in the wigwam in the
Khiels building.
Last week a new tribe, called Dolamano
No. 119, was instituted in San Mateo by
the great sachem and other great chief)*
with forty-two charter members. G. " A.
KIncald is the sachem and George S.
Proctor chief of records. The institution
was. followed by a collation. The degrees
were conferred "by a team .of Sagamore
Tribe 'of Palo Alto irr the ? presence of a
delegation from that . tribe, one from tho
tribe at Baden and a delegation from this
city: " ' "- "•
Another tribe. Shenandoah No. 120. was
instituted at Pinole by Grand Junior Saga
more Thomas Roche with fifty-four mem
bers. T. S. Catlett was raised up as
sachem and T. L. Bennett as chiet of
records. The degrees were conferred by
the team of'Carquinez Tribe of Crockett.
Great Chief of Records Bliss paid a
visit to the tribe in Benicia last week
and gave the tribe instruction in the work
of the order. During the evening two
palefaces were adopted.
On the 26th of April there will be a
competition for the best work in tbe
adeption degree in Vallejo between teams
from Solano Tribe, Samoset Tribe and
Carquinez Tribe. The prize Is a $60 set
of regalia for the chiefs of the winning
tribe.
The contest between Sagamore and
Ncvajo tribes in the adoption degree re
sulted in favor of the Navajo Tribe team-
On the 12th inst. Great Sachem Boyes
and other great chiefs paid . an official
visit to Manzanita Tribe. After a pleas
ant meeting there was "open; house ' and
a feast, at which T. Sprague presided as
toastmaster. : -' :'.}¦'¦',:• ¦¦•'
Lincoln Post, ' G.- A. B.
• Lincoln Post of the Grand Army of th'e
Republic will give a • social on 'the nlgrh't
¦of Thursday. -March 20, in meeting
place, on -which occasion a very- interest
ing programme will be offered by tbe com
mittee o£ arrangements. :..;.- ¦;•¦¦-..•
San l^eandro one . of the members . pra
sented the lodge a. beautiful altar of his
own make, the -speech- being by.I>.-S,
Hlrshberg,. P, G. 'M..< Another-* -member,
through Grand Receiver Sam Booth, pre
sented the lodge a Bible -to place on tho
new altar, and then. Past Grand Master
Snook presented on behalf of the. lodge
a handsome jewel to 'Brother Ober; • tho
only surviving charter meber of the lodge.
Sons* building, on the night of the- 20th
inst., on which occasion the speech of tne
evening will be made by H. M. Jascerwitz
of El Dorado Council. The. cabinet has
adopted a rule that in the future ther*.
shall be one member, selected for the-pur
pose of expressing the views of the visit
ing body, and that after that the presi
dent of the visited council t may call on
any one who shall be present to talk un-.
der good of , the. order. ¦; % - '
Pacific Council at its. meeting on ¦ tne.
14th inst. Initiated two strangers, after,
which there was an evening ' of entertain
ment for the members in 1 the form of a
musical and -literary programme contrib
uted by the members. There will be a sur
prise in this , council for . National Union
men at the next meeting:. '-- ., » -•.•
•Union. Council, at Its meeting .on the
14th ints., received one stranger by initia
tion: . . , ' , >- . . y r ¦*.¦.: .
Grand Secretary Martinoni recently re
ceived a letter .-from the grand secretary
of the Grand Grove of Louisiana asking
for ritualsin' the Italian language for the
purpose' of. establishing a grove to work
in that language In New Orleans. • • :
In the absence of Grand Noble Arch
Godeau. who was still in Reno, Nev.,
James F. Martinoni, grand secretary/paid
an official visit to Haywards Grove. He
was accompanied by Past Arch L. A.
Wolf. The reports of this grove show
that it now has a membership of ninety.
During'' the session Dr. Browning, noble
arch of the grove, presented- a beautiftil
solid gold charnfemblematic of the order
on behalf of the grove to J. Schettrini in
recognition of his Earvices for having
brought into" the grove the greatest num
ber, of candidates within a stated time, r
On the; 12th inst. Grand Arch Druidess
Mrs. Sorensen paid an official visit to the
circle' in Novato, being accompanied by
Past^ Grand Mrs. Thornhill. Grand Treas
urer Mrs. Heiden. Mrs. J. S. Godeau, Mrs
Kate . Magdalena . Martinoni. Mrs. Wil
liams and Mrs. Knarston. The following
night the same visitors - were with the
circle in Petaluma.. v " l ~
At the meeting of Alplni Grove on the
6th inst. three candidates were initiated
by the new officers in a very acceptab.c
manner. A collation followed the work. •
Mission Grove of San Luis Obispo at its
last held meeting initiated three strangers
and received two petitions. The an
nouncement was made that the grove
will shortly initiate a class of twenty
candidates. In the event of that occur
rence Noble Grand Arch J. S. GOdeau will
furnish a banquet for the grove, and he
may be present on that occasion. •' •
On the 11th inst. Aurora Grove conferred
the third degree on six eligibles, and at
its next meeting will have ten strangers
to initiate. After the third came the
fourth degree, which proved most palata
ble to all. V ,.-'¦, , . , ¦
Olympia Grove at its last held meeting
received several applications, ¦ but thesa
were not acted upon beyond the appoint
ment of committees on investigation. rj
McKinley Grove at Its last held meeting
received eleven applications, which has
increased the number of names on the roll
at this time to more than one hundred— a
good showing for a grove that started
with less than thirty members last Octo
ber. • ' ... •
¦ The husband of Mrs. Alice Frances
Hickey, the associate grand conductress,
has. been very ill for more than a week.
Grand Arch Druidess Anna Sorensen,
accompanied by Mrs. A. Thornhill, past
grand arch druidess, and Mrs. O. Heiden,
grand treasurer, and many , members of
other circles, -"paid an-*otflcial v:sif to
Olympia- Circle^on the-lOth inst. During
the evening there was an exhibition of the
floor and ritualistic- work by the'Initia
tion of two candidates, which was well
presented by the officers, who were com
plimented by the grand, arch druidess.
After the! close of the circle there was an
adjournment to the banquet-hall in the
Folsom-street temple, where a bountiful
collation was partaken of.
At tne meeting of Supreme Arch Chap
ter, Hartnagel No. 3, on the 10th Inst., I*
Palmer received his commission as dis
trict deputy for the chapter. • James F.
Martinoni, -Aii M. Armstrong* and another
member^ were appointed a committee to
prepare resolutions to the memory of the
latt John Hutton, secretary for many
years of the. chapter. L. Palmer and J.
icarao were placed in nomination for the
oflice of secretary, and I the election will
be held at the next meeting.
The official visit of Mrs. - Giberson to
Harmony Chapter on the 13th inst. was
one of the most pleasant of the season.
The visiting othcial was greeted by about
25U members of - the order, who accorded
her the honors which her station entitle
her;to, and there was the warm, cordial
welcome of all the members present.
There was the initiation of seven ellgibles
for the purpose of giving the visiting of
ficials an opportunity to see how well
Mrs. Mary iiilla Klein and her corps of
officers could do the work. That It was
well done was apparent from the very flat
tering remarks made by the worthy grand
matron. After the work of the evenins
there was a banquet In the lower room
and a more brilliant aggregation of East
ern Star members has seldom been seen
In that hall before. Among the many who
were at the tables were District Deputy
Grand Matron Mrs. Annie M. Johnson,
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats and many
of the officers of the other chapters. The
substantial feast. was. followed by a lit
erary and musical one that proved very
enjoyable. Mrs. Giberson was presented a
valuable Etruscan vase as. a souvenir of
her. visit to Harmony. The music during
the evening was by Dr. Stych and Mrs.
Severance. -¦ . • . >
On . the . night of the first Friday in
March, Norma Grove of - the United An
cient* Ord^r of .Druids, after the transac
tion; of routine business, . adjourned to the
banquet ; hall; '"where there was a high
jinks, at which Past Noble Grand Arch
Eahrs was .the sire. There was a good
programme; 6 1 , varied numbers! for the
entertainment of. those who were present.
It .included vocal and tnstrumenal music,
recitations and exhibitions of boxing by
young sports. : Among tho . latter were
V/illie Winter, f . Johnny McCarthy, T.
Hamilton, Albert Thompson and Smelter
and I Kelly. I There was an imitation of a
(Jhlnese orchestra, duet by the Fitzgerald
Irothers, tenor- solo by George Brittiey
and a parody by Walter Kelly. Then foi
luwed a number of . volunteers, who
amused , with music and stories. During
the evening the grove served a collation
and light refreshments. ¦ - ;
In Bruidic Groves.
.San Francisco Chapter, will on the night
of the 17th inst. initiate several candi
dates, after which the chapter will fcave
a social hour. ,
/<YirT :¦' ING SOLOMON'S Chapter of
V ; ; /vSSsr.tfo -Order of the -,; Eastern
. :j/- '.Star. was officially visited on
\V • the nleht ! of the first .Wed T
J(_ \\: nePday in March. Yet,, not
j . yrt% standing the fact \ tha£
thetrainon thatTnlghtcame
down in heavy' showers, the attendance of
members and visitors was up in the huni
dreds: • One' candidate .was . initiated for
the purpose of demonstrating to the visit?
lngofficlals.haw well the officers; can do
the ritualistic rand -floor work. After tn *
close of the business of the evening there
was an adjournment to the. lower ban
quet - hall, where- a choice banquet • was
served to i more ; than one-hundred *and
fifty,-, niany: having.owing to the-latenesb
of the hour, taken their departure ; for
their respective homes. During the even
ing Worthy Patron J Fred B. Wood oh.be
half of Mri>. i Lined'. L' : Baehr, worthy ma-,
tron .of r the chapter, presented to the
grand matron "as a souvenir of ; her visit
a- cut-glass, bonbon dish.^ Mrs. Clara A.
Giberson, the worthy grand matron, com
plimented the - chapter officers for the
manner in~i which, they * conducted' their
work,-, and as' to the degree . work, she
said ; that In > no chapter which she 'had
visited rn the" : Jurisdiction had -she; seen
the officers, and particularly the : star
points, more proficient in their work. Dur
ing the initiation the necessary vocal se
lections were rendered by Miss Charlotte
Morris, whose sweet soprano voice has
delighted so many. The banquet hall was
decorated in a manner that made It look
like 1 a 'scene from fairyland. -That part
of. the table at which was seated the
grand matron was a mass of ; beautiful
carnations; banked with sweet violets.
The speakers of the evening were, besides
the grand' matron, Grand Secretary. Mrs.
KateJ. Willats,. Associate Grand Con
ductress Mrs. ¦¦• Alice - F. Hickey. Past
Grand Patrons John H. Gray and George
L. Darling; €:¦ L. P; Marais, patron of
San Francisco Chapter; ¦ Mr. and , Mrs.
Howard of Honolulu, A. B. Henderson
and Patron F. B. Wood.
; On the evening. of the 7th inst. Golden
Gate Chapter had a pleasant business
meeting, when 'considerable work for, the
advancement of the chapter was trans
acted. After the • close of the meeting
there was an .adjournment /to : the < lower
banquet hall, where a social hour was
spent and the chapter's hospitality was
manifested in the serving of a collation
and ice cream. During the social hour
Miss Marie A. Smith, a pupil of Mrs.
Long, entertained with two recitations
that were warmly applauded. This chap
ter will give a fancy dress folly party in
Golden Gate Hall on the 31st inst.. Easter
Monday night. The committee in charge
proposes to make this one of the best
functions that the chapter has given in
many': a day. :
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Giberson
paid her official visit to Olive Branch
Chapter on the night of the 10th inst.; and
she was welcomed by a very large mem
bership and visitors who represented . all
but one of the city chapters. . There was
also a representative of one of the chan
ters in Utah, and Grand Secretary - Mrs.
Willats, Ernestine Wilkle,, grand Martha;
District Deputy Mrs. Annie Marie John
son, Past Grand Patron. Darling, Charles
Louis Jonathan, Warden Pierce ,of Oak
Leaf Chapter and Robert August Long of
Marshall Chapter of Willows, the present
matrons and patrons , and past matrons
and ' patrons of the local chapters. The
officers were ail attired In white and the
stations were decorated with bright-col
ored flowers, the one in the east being
particularly attractive.. The work of the
evening was carefully watched by the
visiting official, and then there was the
exemplification of the initiatory degree
by the initiation of two strangers, a lady,
and a gentleman. The officers had evi
dently made a special effort to show their
ability in this, for at- no time in the his
tory of the chapter was the degree ever
conferred in so commendable a manner.
That 'was 'the unanimous verdict : of .the
grand matron and those who spoke under
the good of the order. Every officer was
perfect In the work, and when that' :is
stated there remains nothing more, to be
said. The assemblage was addressed by
Mrs. Giberson, Mrs. Willats and Messrs..
Long and Darling. The music of the
evening was by that -charming vocalist,
Past Grftnd-Organlat- Mrar Nellie A. Dar
ling. Alter .the .meetings there was . the
presentation of an artistic bronze statue
to Mrs. Giberson -in= remembrance of tne
visit, and then followed a dainty collation
and an impromptu programme of recita
tions and song. ' I : "
Grand- Matrqn' Mrs. Giberson will visit
Sr.n Jose Chapter officially en the 18th
and on the 19th she will be with Athena
Chapter in Hollistcr, after which, start
ing on the following day, she will make
a tour of visits in the southern part of
the State. She will not return to this
city until the 24th of April. ;San Fran
cisco Chapter will be visited upon her re
turn at. a date yet to bo fixed.
On the 1 night of the 11th there was a
large attendance at- the session of Ivy
Chapter, there being present many of the
mr-.mbers of the chapter and of other
local chapters. The work of the order
was exemplified by the initiation of two
candidates in a most commendable man
ner. The music for the ceremony was
furnished by Florence • Perkins, Mabel
Gordon, Florence L. Brace and Mrs. Adel
Norton/After the work a flne. collation
was served in the banquet hall under the
supervision of Mrs. Frances L. Bonlficld,
chairman of the social committee, and
her 'associates. It was a well arranged
affair and was greatly enjoyed by all.
Worthy Matron Mrs.. C. E. -Tlsdale and
Worthy Patron Frank McGowan occupied
the head of t,he table, and the latter/, as
toastmaster, called upon Grand Matron
Mrs. Giberson, ; Past Patrons Darling and
Gray and a number of 6thers to enter
tain- with short addresses. ¦ .
The masquerade party of San Francisco
Rebekah Drill Corps No.': 2 in Union
Square Hall on the 13th inst. was a great
success , in ¦ every particular. The attend
ance 'was large, the costumes - worn by
those' who- tooK part in the grand march
varied, and 'formed a. pretty moving pic
ture as all, some two hundred and fifty,
moved In that march. The effect was re
lieved here, and there by the: presence in
the march of a number of the members of
the : corps in '¦' their very prettv uniform.
After tne march . it was Von • with the
dance". until; it was time to announce the
winners of prizes;' and" the dance waa un
der.the direction of W. O. Parker 'as floor
manager, with Messrs. Derby and Nixon
aa assistants. . The judges awarded
prizes to Mrs. Roy T. Daniels as the best
dressed lady, a Spanish costume; Mrs.
Tescher f or. the most original as the straw
girl and Mrs. Craig for the best' sus
tained character. Mr. Siberlich as the
Ameer/ was .voted the best , dressed man:
H. Maynard,,as the policeman, the most
original, and W. G. \ Horton as the tramp
the best sustained character. : '
Ledge Mrs. Emma Rabb, past, noble
grand of another lodge, In : which on . re
tiring: she was not- presented with a col
lar ,i as'rit was hot .the custom to present
euch in that .body, was by Past Grand
Styche on behalf of Mrs. Rinner presented
with-a, handsome collar of her rank, as
that -member did not like to see a past
noble ; grand : without . a collar. .
FRATERNITIES
32
.THE^-SAJ^FRA^ .SUpAY^yMAIlCH; 16, 1902.
Spartan Lodge ' of the Ancient Order of
United "Workmen at its last held meeting
Initiated . nixie , strangers . and at its next
meeting -will Impart the mysteries of the
order to ten' more. .
.; Up 1 to the 13th inst. there had been re
ceived at . the , office of the grand recorder
420 applications "since the 1st of the cur
rent month. Up to , the same time there
had been disbursed by the Grand Lodge
the, sum ; of $60,000 In payment of bene
ficiary certificates. '.
i-~All arrangements have been completed
for the Grand Lodge session, which is to
be held in this. city on April 2. A number
of . teams ¦ will compete in T the ritualistic
work- for prizes offered by the Grand
Lodge. . ' '
-Superior Lodge had Its house-warminfr
in its new quarters in Foresters' Hall
at 20 Eddy street 'by a grand entertain
ment. There were present Grand Fore
man. Freeman, Grand Overseer Browning
Past Grand Masters. Barnes and Danforth
and the membership of Memorial Lodge
/¦ .The drill, team , of _Mount Hamilton
Lodge of Sa.n Jose will give an 'enteriain
roent on-the 19th inst. .
At the last held meeting of the lodge In
Lodge No. 168 at Yreka, Slsklyou
County, enjoys the distinction of having
one of the most effective long form teams
in the State. This lodge and Mojave of
Needles have two of the most handsome-
ly furnished lodge halls on the : coast, 1
vieing with the Redland3 lodge, in ; the
latter respect. . ¦ . , .
Every California knfght will regret to
learn that Supreme" Chancellor Fethers
is. confined to his home in Janesville,
Wisconsin, with an attack of spinal
meningitis. The. illness is the result .of
an injury that he 'received on -shipboard
while en route to Honolulu a~ few" months
ago.- A - letter; written from his home on
the" 6th Inst. to Grand Chancellor Calkins
states that the- head of the order'.was
then unable to , attend to his '•> official
duties'. -- {
Grand Keeper of Records: and Seal
Schaffner has returned , from a 'Visit to
the : lodges at Los r Angeles, Santa Ana,
San Diego. Santa Barbara and San Luis
Obispo. He founds much: interest ex-
hibited : throughout the ¦ southern ; part of
the State : concerning the »¦ international
gathering at San . Francisco next August.
The third regiment will' send. up 700 ¦ men.
The grand chancellor! is arranging to
officially visit the lodges at Jackson,
Amador, Sonora, ; Angels Camp, Carters,
Coulterviile, Mariposa and Chinese Camp
during the month of April. - This itinerary
will probably be. his final one, as his term
expires in May, and Superior Judge Tiask
of Los Angeles, who is now grand vice
chancellor, will take up the duties of the
office. ¦ ' - ¦ ¦¦¦¦• •¦ : . ; - \.:. :.. -
At next -fall's convention of the Su-
preme Lodge in San Francisco it is prob-
able the present , law providing for an
official order for the password will be
abolished and that an official receipt upon
a card to be carried in a small folding
case, such as the Elks have found* so
advantageous,- will be substituted for 1 it.
The present system of requiring, a travel-
ing member to produce both an official
receipt and • an order for the password
before he is entitled to the password from
any but his own ; chancellor commander
is generally regardect as unsatisfactory
and obsolete. The holding of. annual elec-
tions instead of semi-annual, as now, will
also come up and will be strongly advo-
cated. ' ¦
Bald Mountain Lodge of Forest, Sierra
County, is one of the latest to discontinue
the payment of stipulated weekly bene-
fits. The .sentiment ln favor of this
course is spreading . rapidly throughout
the country.
Tbe San Francisco lodges are becoming
more active than they have been for
many years before, the most of 'them
having work at each convention. Social
gatherings of the order are also frequent
in the city. \
. Live Oak Lodge of Oakland continues
to pursue the even tenor of its way,
steadily increasing its membership with
material of the most desirable character.
Grand Chancellor Calkins . has promul-
gated a decision to the effect that
Pythian law gives members of the uni-
form • rank the right to wear their uni-
forms in subordinate lodge conventions
and that a chancellor commander has no
legal right- to order the members of the
military branch to remove their caps t'ur-
ing the progress of such a convention.
This point has been frequently raised in
the past and has not before been official-
ly decided in California.
The new fourth regiment of the uniform
rank includes the San.Joaquin Valley
companies.
San Bernardino Company, mustered, in
last month, continues to receive recruits
at every assembly.
The three lodges at Stockton are active-
ly engaged ln arranging a splendid repre-
sentation, of the: Windmill City af San
Francisco next August. The . uniform
rank company of the same place is active
and has strong: hopes of winning: the tro-
phy for the best drilled California com-
pany.
Knights of Pythias.
Lodge No. 41 at Lodi, Sacramento
County, has purchased a rich outfit of
robes and now confers the third rank In
the long form.
: f state /y\ jersT I \
CONDITION ANI) AFFAIRS
OF THE——
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP. HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF COX-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1001.' and for the year end Ins on that day:
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section C13 of the Political Cods of
said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned X
by the company... ' $11,919,575 ZT
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate. . . 23,521,115 Si
Amount ¦ of Loans - secured by • .
pledge of Bonds. * Stocks or ether ' " '- ' ' ~* ~ "• <
marketable securities aa col- . ¦¦
lateral 2,300 00
Premium notes and loans ln any
• form taken In payment ot pre- ¦
miums on policies now la force. . 697.0C2 91
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com- >i*; ,
pany 28.735.S68 7S
Amount of. Cash deposited tn
Bar.k3 1.103,970 2:$
Interest due and accrued 800.712 6w
Rents due and accrued,.... 10,633 2H
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of de- ¦ vv >
terred premiums 354,470 IV
Total Assets .$65,277,179 21
LIABILITIES. ™
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $43.195 30
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due > 146.780 00
Claims resisted by the Company. . ? 29.500 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording- to the Combined Expe-
rience Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent mterest 54,277,657 CO
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders , 1.101,498 21
Additional reserve by Company's
standard. Am. Table 3Vi per
cent on insurance since April 1.
1882 .'. 2.470.434 0O
All other liabilities 195,073 91
Total Liabilities $58,268,138 62
INCOME. — — —
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year.... $403,656 07
Cash received for renewal of pre-
mlums during the year 4.689.613 TO
Cash received for sale of annuities 13.783 09
Cash received for interest 2.527.195 48
Cash received for rents. J . 437.621 10
Cash received from all other
sources , 88,603 75
Total Income $8.1S2.473 S3
• EXPENDITURES. ' '
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,638.270 06
Cash paid to annuitants. . . ... . 4,224 87
Paid for surrendered policies 554,217 45
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1.284,996 2*
Commissions paid to agents . 402,703 81
Salaries and other compensation '
¦ of officers, and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. . 1(51,013 34
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 18,500 00
1 Medical examiners' fees and sala-
ries ......:.... 23.972 84
Cash paid for taxes 22B.A3U «»
Cash paid for rents. 8.3":i H3
All other cash payments ¦ 549,784 2T
Total Expenditures during the
year $7,872,913 23
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT^ "
Premium notes and other '.
premium obligations at '
beginning of the year. .$763. S61 90 ~ A
Total.. ...1..'. $763,86190
Deductions during the
year, as follows:
Amount of notes and oth#r' _
premium obligations
used in payment .of
losses and claims $18,919 ,73
Amount of notes and otter
¦ premium obligations ¦-
used in purchase of sur-
rendered pcllcies 6,487 34
Amount of notes and other
premium obi igatlons
used In payment of div-
idends to policy holders. 23.070 S3
Amount, of notes and other
premium obligations
redeemed by maker ln '
cash 12,331 07
Total reduction of Pre- . i
mlum-Note Account, $66,^28 99
balance, note assets at
«nd Bf the year. $607,032 91
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
.:., HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 10th
day of February. 1902.
NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary^ Public.
Aj K. Pi HARMON,:
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
JMC/F/C COAST ACENCIBS.
JR. R. NOYES,
OENERAi/ AGENT. «-
30-31-S2 ........ MILLS -BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
AJDVEBTISEMENTS. ;
;< DRY GOODS GOMPANY. J
I CfflLDPBN^GMMENTS. |
| The EASTER EXHIBITION o! advanced novelties *
* in ready-to-wear INFANTS', MISSES' and CHILDREN'S *
| GARMENTS, made to ovr order in distinctly conlined *
* conceptions, arc now open and ready for sale. *
'* l\T/iUTTV GIBSON DRESSES in all the latest J
T. DICllllLiY seasonable colors and ivory are here — x-
¦% jcvaxa* . t j, e smartest thing that's out— in sizes *
¦K TUt A TYF ranging from 4 to 12 years. at
'\ l^XMkJJJLui . WHITE CLOTH COATS— outside. wear *--
•< ' ' IYT/'HI^T ' V that is neat and natty, for the little ones, **
£ . KIUOIIjI . ranging in sizes from I month to 4 J
-k years. *¦
* PRICED JACKETS AND RAGLANS in cor- J
£ JCr«CXWA-«l«r» rect models and choicest colors of the J
-K L2LjLJLj/^nPT\rB season — in covert cloth. Venetian. *-
-k J-iJTl J-V' 1 i, V JL ladies', cloth, cheviots, taffeta, peau de J
£ ' /"T»I3 A l TTr\VrC' " ' s°i e >- an .d the recherche • fabrics for ¦ J
* VlvCjAt llUJNiJ the SP" 11 ? antI summer, in sizes, from 4 *¦
*' «. H to 12 years. T
* li * r IBIPOBTED INFANTS' DBESSES—^ J
¥ WFAx/F'Sk'T 1 ( Our reputation is due to the daintiness *
-K. ./ JLNJLi VY JLikJ JL ;:' o f quality and neatness of workmanship *
i . r: i T\r\TfC ; of. these elegant creations in lawns."'*-'
-K rAHKlw^* '¦ nainsooks, confections, mulls, organdies *
* - . -."'', : and Other delicate materials. ¦' \ . J
I ¦ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS (ZOIVIPAiNfY, ; J
-K ' ; Geary and Stoskton Streets, .Union Square.- ¦ ¦ /. j
/" ¦ - Mail and Express , Orders -BeceiTe ImmediatB "Attention. ' ' *"¦*¦
POLITICAJ^ |_
Voters! Organize! Organize!
Politics to be controlled by. the vot-
ers to the end that. Good Govern^
xnent may be procured and main-
tained. . ',
VOTERS!
Read extracts from "Pro* 061 " 0 . 11 ?^ '? *nr
Study of Politics." delivered by Profes^
BERNARD MOSES at the California State
University in April. 19C0.
SOVEREIGN PEOPLE ARE NOT SOV-
EREIGN.
THE SUPREME POWER IN A NATION. :
The fact that in the political organization of
every nation there Is a person or a body of per-
Bons holding power that Is theoretically unlim-
ited indicates that in one particular, at least,
all states are alike. They are alike In that in
some part of each there is vested an authority
which is not legally curtailed by any other au-
thority. They differ in that this authority In
Borne cases is vested in one man: In other in-
stances in a limited assembly of men; andin Mill
other instances In a union of several assem-
blies, or in a body of the mature male citizens.
But. However held, the authority in all cases Is
THE AUTHORITY OF THE CZAR. SUP-
POSING HIM TO BE AN ABSOLUTE
PRINCE. IS NOT GREATER THAN THAT
HELD BY THE MAKERS OF THE SL-
PREME LAW IN ENGLAND. FRANCE. THE
UNITED STATES. OR IN ANY OTHER IN-
DEPENDENT STATE.
One state rr.ay have a larger army or a more
powerful navy than another, but its independ-
ence is not theoretically more complete, nor its
nominal authority moie unlimited. Thus the
power of THE MAKERS OF THE SUPREME
LAW IN THE UNITED STATES IS NOT
LESS ABSOLUTE THAN THAT OF. THE
CZAR OF RUSSIA.
The difference between these two great 6tates.
observed from this point of view, consists In
the fact that, in the one case, the supreme
power is vested in one nan; In the other case it
is vested in a complicated union of political
bodies.
This supreme, unlimited power is called sov-
ereignty, and the person or body of persons
holding or exercising it is called sovereign.
WHAT THE SOVEREIGN IN RUSSIA MAY
DO THAT THE SOVEREIGN IN THE
UNITED STATES MAY DO.
It 1b thought that the wishes of 'the bulk of
the nation' are more likely to be respected in
the United States than in Russia: and this
thought rests on the knowledge that in Ruse!*.
the supreme power is in the hands of one man,
while in the United States it is vested in a
union of assemblies that involves, either di-
rectly or indirectly, a large part of the popula-
tion of the country; and it is expected that the
large number of persons thus involved will be
disposed to use their powerful influence to di-
rect the actions of the state in the line of their
collective interests.
THE ELECTORS AND THE SOVEREIGN.
While it is recognized that the sovereign here
described is the supreme legal authority in the
state, it is also recognized that back of 'the
sovereign in a constitutional state there is a
body of. voters called by Professor Dicey the
'•Political Sovereign." on whom the severaly
members of the legal sovereign ultimately de-
pend. This body is composed of the electors
whose vt'tec determine who ehall belong to the
supreme lawmaklng body.
The electors set up the legal sovereign, but
they have no power to make a law or Issue a
decree. THEY MAY EXPRESS THEIR WILL
WITH RESPECT TO PERSONS. BUT THEIR
WILL AS TO THE FORM AND CONTENT
OF LAWS HAS NO LEGAL EXPRESSION.
EXCEPT THROUGH THE ORGANIZED
BODY WHICH THEY CREATE.
In the British empire the courts will take no
notice of the will of the electors. The Judges
know nothing about any will of the people, ex-
cept as far as that will is expressed by an act
of Parliament, and would never suffer the va-
lidity of a statute to be questioned on the
ground of its having been passed or being kept
alive in opposition to the wishes of the elec-
tors." (Dicey. The Law of the Constitution.
1SS3, 76.)
"And no rule, wtfether of morality or of law,
which contravenes an act of Parliament, binds
any court throughout the realm." (Dicey,
;&3.)
THIS IS THE ATTITUDE OF THE COURTS
IN EVERY CIVILIZED NATION. IT IS CER-
TAINLY IMPORTANT TO KEEP IN MIND
THE POWERS OF THE ELECTORS AS A
POLITICAL BODY. BUT THEIR QUALITIES
ARE SO ESSENTIALLY DIFFERENT FROM
THOSE OF THE LEGAL SOVEREIGN THAT
IT IS LIKELY TO ADD CONFUSION TO OUR
STATEMENTS TO CALL THEM ANY KIND
OF A SOVEREIGN.
THE -REPUBLICAN MUTUAL ALLIANCE
la organized for the purpose of encouraging all
voters to exercise their right of suffrage, in
co-operation with each other, that their col-
lective interests may be centralized In one su-
preme body, thus forming an organized pow-
erful influence that will act directly with the
making and operating of our State and local
ffovernnsent.
The following preamble, constitution and by-
laws have been adopted by the "Republican
Mutual Alliance" for iu organization and gov-
ernment :
. PREAMBLE.
Whereas. We the members of the Republican
"Mutual Alliance," knowing that^jhe prfn-zlple
if universal suffrage is the fundamental i-rin-
ciple which serves as the basis cf a syntem
essential to our form of government, be it
national. State or local, and
Whereas. The genius of the people exercis-
ing such right enables them to contract with
themselves to make a government, and
Whereas, At frequent intervals the power
granted to such government Is returned to the
people for their consideration, that the -;ame
may be continued or changed; and In the exer-
cise of such rights for the continuance or
change of government, issues are sometimes
created by which the people, for the put pose
of regulating themselves, invoke the aid of
that parliamentary law peculiar to a free p«o-
rle. by which they are divided into a maiorlty
ajid. a. minority and jsuch division is often-
times the origin of new political bodies from
¦which pojltlcal issues arise and again divide
the people within themselves: and
Whereas, the "Republican Mutual Alliance."
being organized for the purpose of uniting all
I*rsons having the right to vote, and for the
purpose of. voting as a unit to aid in making
a government for the protection, security and
benefit of all the people, and especially for the
mutual interests and welfare of its members
and believing that there is only one legitimate
way to make a government or elect to a public
cf flee. . and that is by obtaining for euch gov-
ernment or Individual the highest number of
votes; that therefore, we, the members of the
"Republican Mutual Alliance." in order to
form a perfect organization of voters and es-
tablish discipline, harmony, sociability and the
general welfare and prosperity of our members
do adopt the following:
CONSTITUTION.
I.
This organization, and all branch organiza-
tions formed under its ' authority, shall be
named "The Republican Mutual Alliance "
II. -
All members cT the '•Republican Mutual Al-
l.?nce ' murt be American citizens of tha age
cf twenty-cne years or over. -
No perron shall be eligible to become a
member of the "Republican Mutual Alliance"
*-no han net read this constitution and ngreed
to nipprrt the san-.e and who does not comply
with the provisions and rules made by the
Organizer appointed for that purpose.
All governing powers herein granted i-hall
fc* yesttd ir. a central committee of th* "Re-
publican Mutual Alliance."
The central committee shall be composed of
..£ representatives chosen by members of the
"Republican Mutual Alliance" within th? as-
sembly districts wherever organized and *hall
consist of one member from each assembly Jls-
V.
There shall bs a central organization to con-
rlio^ aK pany members as will contribute
toward ma ntamlng permanent headquarters
tnd rewra, asesmbly rooms for the central
commute* ot the "Republican Mutual Alli-
?£!^'.=»,,i7^? °/u eer ?«' of the orgunlza-
m7«4 «nrf^», * offl 1 c f r " of the central com-
m«ee and the members of the central com-
mittee shall hold office for one year
£ImL™ *, y th i Mntri1 committee until *uch
matters have been submitted to all th» or-
ganizations having representation In thocen-
£?t£7 amltt '*m nd l helr aetlon reported to the
central committee by their representative or
b nn C ai n a r n a d S^ a '«
w^ r e 8 r°o f n:^;d tePUbUC * n MutUal *^S?
_ .-¦'¦ .-• - - .vr.
r™:'..^ 06 "^ . th * organization *hall
conF!«t of a Chairman, first and second Vice
?r££?- rina ,, nc ), ai an(I Recording Secretary?
Ato7 and 6econ<1 Sergeant at
VII.
f ""^..C**.'},,*** a Permanent General Orgari-
!ze £.? f . the H*P«Wic*n Mutual Alliance" and
The General Organizer *hall have full pewer
If..iT?m"* < V. branch <* the "RepublTcan Mu-
tual Alliance" In any election precinct within
IS!", £ «' te '^ POn th * »"P»c.tion of noT lels
than five citizens of euch precinct The Oen
T U ,.°£ anl7er and tn * C* 1 ** D«PUty Orga^ler
*hall be member, of the central confmiitw
#t all tlmfs and the Chief r> put y Orean'zpr
upon application to th« General OrganSr and
with hl» consent, shall have power to appoint
necessary, euch appointments must be miLd*
A^^JT-' mber8 of the "»eiwWlean Muttwl
Auiance.
IX.
All records of membership and organization
x. -;. ¦ ¦
All rule* and by-laws adopted by all or-
ranlzatlone of the Republican Mutual Alliance
must conform to this constitution
XI.
This constitution ehall not be amended re-
crinrfed. net aside. suspended, revoked
abridged, or. In any manner altered, unlesi by
The foregoing By-Laws, or. any- Section
thereof, shall not be amended, altered, re-
scinded, set aside, repealed, revoked or ex-
punged, unless by a two-thirds vote of all th»'
members of each and every . organized branch
of th« "Republican, Mutual Alliance." together
with a two-thirds vote of the Central Commit-
tee. Provided, however, that no action shall
be taken unless recommended through the or-
ganizing department of the "Republican Mu-
tual Alliance" 'by the General Organizer.
The "Republican Mutual ¦ Alliance" recog-
nizes the fact. that every Citizen has an Equit-
able Right at the Ballot-box, and that the
proper exercise of such right is the rock upon
which the foundation of our National, State
and Local Government ¦ stands. \
The men who make the government' should
take all pains to prevent : any special class of
citizens from getting- so much power that they
might be dangerous. For that reason -all po-
litical power should return every few years to
the people, so that the people may have the
power of choice. . . . '
The "Republican Mutual Alliance" asks in-
discriminately the co-operation of all Citizens
and Voters of the State of California (especially
or the City and County of San Francisco), Irre-
spective of their past social, political or busi-
ness success or grievances, , to partlcpiate with
us in organizing the Voters of the City and
County of San Francisco and State of Califor-
nia In one political organization for the purpose
of voting as a unit to aid in making a Govern-
ment for the Protection, Security and Benefit
of all the people, and not for any special class
or corporation.
Any Citizen may become a member by apply-
ing at. the Headquarters. 1104 Market street,
rooms 2i and 22. Branch organizations can be
organized upon the application of five citizens
residing within any election precinct within the
btate. __ ¦ ¦ ;
If you cannct find time to call at Headquar-
ters, the Organizer will call at your residence
or place of business, and enroll your na»ne upon
the Central Organization Roll Book. Election
of permanent officers for the Central Organiza-
i<2S' W i U Q *?H e P lace °n "Tuesday, March 18.
1902, at 8 o'clock p. m.
nrA n^'T?£ R r THIER - General Organizer.
MART =. I £ r T.£ ELLY - Chlef D<>P"ty Organizer.
REPUBLICAN- MUTUAL ALLIANCE
Telephone Scuth 309. .
Five members shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business in all Branch Or-
ganizations of the "Republican Mutual Al-
liance."
The Central Committee shall make such rules
and regulations for its own government as may
i>e necessary, providing such rules are not "in
conflict with the Constitution of the General
Organization.
i The Officers of the Central Organization
shall be the Officers of the Central CommUtee:
They shall hold office for one year, and there-
after until ' their successors shall have been
elected {and qualified. The Central Committee
pball hold, its meeting at the. rooms of the
Central Organization, and shall have full power
to decide on all business appertaining to the
pood and welfare of the "Republican Mutual
Alliance," after such business has been sub-
mitted to air the Organizations having repre-
sentation in such Committee and their re-
port made for its guidance, and shall
notify the General Organizer of the change of
residence of any members of the "Republican
Mutual Alliance." The action of the Central
Committee shall be final and binding upon
tvery member of the Organization."
XVIII. # ,
DUTIES OF THE : SERGEANT AT ARMS. ;
The Sergeant at Arms must attend all meet^
ings of tho Organization; He must -inform 'th«
Chairman, before the meeting Is called' to
order, if every person present is - a qualified
member of the Organization, and seethrl no
l*erson not a member obtains admission to the
meetings during the transaction I of ; any busi-
uess. ¦ .. ....-
The Treasurer shall receive • all • moneys be-
longing' to the Organization and hold the «am;
subject to the orders of the majority of thft
members present at any regular meeting. All
such orders must be signed by the Chairman
of the Organization and the Secretary. He
shall, whenever, required, and" at ' the meetlnj
prior to the expiration of his term of offlci,
tile a written report, showing amount ' of re-
ceipts and disbursements. - ¦ '
cf ' persons admitted , to membership * through
the General Organizer, together, with the name
of ; the Deputy Organizer by, whom eachappH-
cant was recommended, . and he shall not enter
any name' upon his Roll Book without having
such name filed, with tbe General Organizer
, Of the ."Republican Mutual Alliance.','. He
j must - also furnish I the Central , Committeeman
!,of the Assembly District .with a copy of- the
proceedings of . each meeting.
• . . - XVII. » : .
DUTIES OF THE TREASURER. . ,.
The Secretary of Central' and Branch Organ-
izations shall keep and take care of the rec-
ords of the Organization and keep a" full; ami
accurate account of the proceedings ' of each
meeting. He shall notify every member of all
meet ing. and keep a correct list of the name*
XVI.
DUTIES OF. THE SECRETARY.
It shall be the duty of the Chairman of each
Organization to call meetings and preside over
them, decide all points of order and questions
of Parliamentary Rules, and b« governed
therein by Roberts' Rules of Order, except
where such rules may conflict with the Consti-
tution of the "Republican Mutual Alliance "
The Chairman shall appoint all- Committees
unless otherwise provided for. It shall be the
duty of the Chairman, . after calling a . me-t-
lng to order, to ascertain. if every person pre»-
t?V s , a /J5 1 . alIne<i men » be r of the. "Republican
Mutual Alliance" and entitled to take part in
Us proceedings. In the absence of the Chair-
man the Vice Chairman shall perform his
duties. " . .
xv. :¦;. :¦
DUTIES OF CHAIRMAN.
The member* of all Branch Organizations of
the "Republican Mutual Alliance" within each
Assembly District are eligible to vote on all
matters appertaining to the Alliance within
rueh Assembly District: and must assemble
when, necessary, or at Ieaet once a year bv
crder of the General Organizer and the Chief
Deputy Organizer and elect a representative
to the Central Committee from each Assembly
District. Such representative shall be a irem-
ber of the Central Committee for the- term
of one year, and thereafter until his successor
in elected and qualified.
?u T1 i?T> offl i ( vr 5 o'w*" Branc h Organizations, of
the 'Republican Mutual Alliance" shall be not
lets than five: A Chairman. Vice Chairman
Secretary. Treasurer and Sergeant at " Arms
sleeted by the members of such Branch Organ-
iraUons. and they ehall hold office for the term
of one year.
.- Th . e . D 0fflC w, r . 8 of » the Central Organization of
tne "Republican Mutual Alliance" shall be a
Chairman, a First and Second Vice Chairman,
a Financial Secretary, a Recording Secretary
a Treasurer and a First and Second Sergfant
at Arms, all to be elected bv the contributing
SSB^iEm' Vi 6 Ce , n^al Organization an-1 they
Fhall hold office for the term of one year.
They shall also be the officers of the Central
Committee and be entitled to vote therein
? T , h \, meeUn .? n W ta oC the "Republican' Mu-
tual Alliance shall be every Tuesday evening
at 8 o'clock. Special Meetings may be, called
bv the Chairman at any time, and upon the
written request of five members of any branch
organization presented to the Chairman, he
must call a meeting in accordance with such
The Chief Deputy Organizer shall call for
the election of officers and the election of a
central committeeman of the "Republican Mu-
tual Alliance. V to take place within each As-
sembly District at the. game time during the
month of March each year, and the officers
e.ected ehall take their positions at the nrnt
meeting of each organization during the month
of April of each year. The time and place ot
holding such elections in Assembly Districts
F . f Jt", nan 'f ll ,by the Central Committee
All elections shall be by ballot, and each per-
ron voted for shall have the right to appoint
cne teller to receive and count the ballots
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
The General Organizer and Deputy Organ-
izer shall organize as many branches of the
"Republican Mutual Alliance" within any As-
sembly District as in their judgment shall be
lor the best interests of the general organiza-
tion of the Alliance, and at the written re-
quest of five citizens and voters of the same
election precinct: they must organize a Branch
Organization to be named Republican Mutual
Alliance No. of Assembly District
provided, however, that for the - purpose of
electing a representative to the Central Com-
mittee, or nominating candidates for delegates
to a convention, or choosing any member of
the Alliance to be nominated by Convention as
a Candidate for Public Office, or for any aim-
Ler to receive employment of any kind, all the
members of all organizations of -the Alliance
within such Assembly District shall be organ-
ized as one District' Organization for such
purpose, and every member 'shall be entitled
to vote therein, and the General Organizer or
Chief Deputy shall. notify the members of each
organization within the Assembly District'
rtatlng the time and place, such organization
is to be made.'
Furthermore, he shall notfty the officers of
each organization and the Deputy Organizers
within the Assembly District that no more
new members can be admitted until such Dis-
trict Organization is completed, and the busi-
ness for which It was called transacted and
the result made known to the Central Com-
mittee. , :'-•¦¦.-
Peputy Organizers shall receive their power
from the General Organizer and Chief Deputy
Organizer, and must obey all orders issurd
by tfcem. ,
IX.
VIII. •
DUTIES OF DEPUTY ORGANIZER.
The General Organizer and Chief Deputy
Organizer shall hold office permanently, and
keep a Register of Membership of all organi-
zations of the "Republican Mutual Alliance"
wherever organized, and furnish a complete
!i£t of the membership of all organizations In
each district to every member therein nt all
times, and when any election is to be ¦ held
must notify each member of the same.
The Chief Deputy Organizer, with . the con-
pent of the General Organizer, shall appoint
as many Deputy Organizers as In his judg-
ment shall be needed; and shall establish a
Board of Organizers. The General Organizer
and Chief Deputy, ehall have full charge of
said board of organizers and "make all rules
and regulations for the government of such
board, and must at all times report to the
Central Committee the condition and strength
of the "Republican Mutual Alliance."
UTY ORGANIZER.
GENERAL ORGANIZER AND CHIEF DEP-
Every member must report to the Central
Committeeman of his district, or at the head-
quarters of the Central Organization, all In-
formation he receives appertaining to the City.
State or Federal Government, or of the acts
cf any of Its officers: also report any member
of the Mutual Alliance known to him to vio-
late any of the provisions of the constitution
and rules of the "Republican Mutual Alli-
ance." If any member should change his resi-
dence he shall report the same to the Central
Committeeman of the district in which ue re-
sided before such change was made.
It Ehall be the duty of each member to at-
tend all meetings, of the "Republican Mutual
Alliance" at the call of the Chairman uf tha
Organization of which he is a member, and
encourage his neighbors and friends to become
members thereof. Should any member of the
"Repubifcan Mutual Alliance" be a Candidate
for Public Office, or for a Delegate to. a
Nominating Convention, or for any position of
public or private trust, it shall be the duty
of each member to cast his ballot for -ach
.nember, also to aid and assist him in prefer-
ence to any other person, and to bear in mind
that the "Republican Mutual Alliance" is or-
ganized to vote as a unit, one for all, ever
remembering that when an American Citizen
• who, through the hand of liberty, is possessed
of all the rights of suffrage that humanity can
bestow) descends to the ungrateful task of
neglecting to consider and exercise such rights
et the baJlot-box. he Willfully aids and assists
in forging the chains of slavery and oppression
upon his children and friends, and upon the
wrists of liberty and freedom.
CAN MUTUAL ALLIANCE
DUTIES OF MEMBERS OF THE REPUBLI-
There shall be a Central Organization, which
ehall be supported by monthly contributions
from Its members: shall have permanent head-
quarters within the City and. County of San
Francisco, which shall be tha headquarters of
the Central Committee and a general meeting
place for all members of the "Republican Mu-
tual Alliance." Any Citizen may be <« mem-
ber of the Central Organization =.nd such
membership must be enrolled In the District
or Precinct Organization in which each mem-
ber tesides and is registered. Fifteen members
ehall constitute a quorum In the Central Or-
ganization for the transaction of business.
No fee shall be. charged any person to be-
come a member of the "Republican Mutual
Alliance." Each organization may adopt
rules -whereby Its members may contribute to-
ward the support of the same.
Third — A Central Committee consisting of
one representative member from each Assem-
bly District and the officers of the Central
Organization and the General Organizer and
the Chief Deputy Organizer.
CENTRAL COMMITTEE;
Second — A General Organizing Department,
to consist of a General Orpanizer and a Chief
Deputy Organizer, who shall have power to
appoint as m»ny deputy, organizers as may be
necessary.
ORGANIZING BRANCH,
First — A Central Organization that will pro-
vide permanent Headquarters within the City
and County of San Francisco, and Branch
Organizations within any Assembly District
within the State of California, to be known
as the "Republican Mutual Alliance."
. The Organization of the "Republican Mutual
Alliance" shall consist of three separate de-
partments :
AH native-born and naturalized /American
citizens are eligible to become members cf the
"Republican - Mutual Alliance" upon applica-
tion to the General Organiser or Deputy Or-
sanizer appointed for ' that purpose and who
have, read the Preamble and Constitution of
the "Republican Mutual Alliance" and agreed
to support the tame, and who will comply, with
rll the provisions and rules made by the Gen-
eral Orpanlzer or any Deputy Organizer having
authority to act.
THE BEPITBLICAN MUTTTAL
ALLTANCE.
:. / - . I. 1 •'.''*¦ •• : 'i--/ : -
BY-LAWS OP
n two-thirds " vote of «tf 1 ' the ' members of each
and every organized branch of- the "Republican
Mutual Alliance," together with a two-thirds
VQte of tbe members of the central committee
of fcald Alliance. .
The Republican Mutual Alliance, in regrular
rneetiflg assembled this 18th day of February,
1902. does : hereby adopt the following By-
Laws for It* • government : . ''; ';
POLITICAL.
political:
The parcel . party and dance that was
given by Court Yerba Buena of the Inde-
pendent Order of \ Foresters In the, Laurel
Hall ,, of , the Shlels ; building, on . the' 12th
inst., was one of 'the most .enjoyable
functions that this court has ever;glven.
The court , was ; assisted .in; this by-Com-
panion Court' Yerba Buena of; the . ladles'
branch of the order. , The attendance was
good and- almost every one 'brought "a
parcel. These, numbering about 200,, were,
during the evening, distributed:: to. those
present upon the presentation of a 'num-
ber I corresponding with * the i one ¦'¦ on t the
package. There- was also a '¦ short t pro-
gramme ot musical and ' instrumental
numbers ; and ; an address on • "Fraternity"
by a member of the court. A .R Cohn was
chairman of the evening. ., '•*
Court -Yerba Buena.33
THE V SAN FRA^GISGO yCALL, SUNDAY,; MABCH 16, 1902.
' Mrs. , Sigmund . Schwabacher and ¦ the
Misses Mina- and * Stella - Bchwabacher
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss has returned
from, their extended trip In the East.
' Mrs. Augustus F. Tracy, and son are at
Belvedere: < .- , ' •
, Mrs. M. L. Leonard is stopping at the
Hotel Cumberland, 1076 Bush . * '
Mr. and Mrs. Frank : W. Griffin ar© at
Orovllle, ; -..'.' ' ' . ' ; , '.
Monterey. \?~< - . ,-..¦¦ i. . . .
Miss Ruth McNutt has left for San An-'
tonlo, Tex., where -she will visit her
sister, Mrs. Ashton Potter.
Mrs. Ryland Wallace and son are In
Santa Barbara^ ". i '....,
Franklin White Is a guest jof Lieutenant
and > Mrs. Ashton Potter at San I Antonio,
Tex. ."¦-/, . ' •' ' v- •"-.,.". U
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Painter are now ex
pected from Washington. -
'Mr. and Mrs. George :M. Mott Jr.-, ne©
Denson, have taken .up their : residence in
Sacramento, having returned/ from .their
wedding trip..: -. ¦ - ¦ •- • ..;-..:.. ..
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Magee have-gone
to their ranch In Nevada. , . .. .. •
John C. Wilson has left for the East for
a short trip. '' •
Mrs. Gordon Blandlng and Miss. Susan
Blanding have returned from an extended
visit InUhe East. \ .,,....;• Ir.. -
' . Mrs. "William B. Hopkins and j Mr. . and
Mrs. .Augustus Bray have left for, the
East, to be gone. Indefinitely. ~.
, Miss .Virginia Foltz, . daughter of Mrs.
Clara Shortridge. Foltz,., is . ill-at home
with Inflammatory rheumatism.:. .. . . ..
I - Emll I Br uguiero and ¦ Allan . .Wallace of
New York have returned to this city after
a tJrip to Monterey."; ' ..'/ ¦ . • .: - 1 '
- Miss Helen Wagner has returned to
Miss ' Alma McClung and Miss . Gladys
McClung are visiting- Miss "Elizabeth
Huntington at , her [ home on Jackson
street, c I .-. -. -, '•:.'¦• ¦">.-' . . . .-.
Addlson Mlzner .is again In. San Fran
cisco after a long stay in Honolulu.. . '. -
Mr/ and Mrs. Oscar rSewell ¦ are in San
Rafael. ; . , :
Personals.
Sailed Away.
On ' . th© Hamburg- American ¦ liner
Deutschland (with Prince. Henry of Px-us
e-Ja > and suite on board), the following
Calif ornians sailed •from New York," on
the 11th Inst, for Europe: Raphael Weill,
Julius Low, Max Hlrsch, Jacob Schlosser,
Mrs; L. - Koreff, : Miss ./"Anna - Sutro; , H.
Weisser, Henry ,Wilkens. . . , . .
. Several prominent" East Oaklanders are
arranging- a whist tournament,:, to take
place at Masonio ; Hall ."> April 16,; for th©
benefit . of St. Anthony's .• Church fair."
Many valuable prizes will. be given and no
pains will be spared .to make the evening
a pleasant one. A very choice musical'pro
gramme will: follow the game. The-la
dies In charge of the affair are Mrs. Hugh'
Hogan (chairman), -Mrs. M. | J. * Keller,'
Mrs. 1 J. F. Hanlon, Mrs. T. P. • Hogan,
Miss Josie Nesbitt, Miss Emma. Kane,
Miss Loretta Kirk," Miss AdaKenna, Miss
Beatrice r Albert!, Mrs.. Mary Moffett' and
Miss Mary Lambert. : f • ¦ ¦• - -
r- The Lowell High : School Alumni Asso-.
elation, Joseph H. Mayer,- president; con
templates giving a dance in the very near
future..'. ¦ •":¦ -• ¦¦ ',]'¦¦'. ,,:^' ',-' ¦• : ' : ¦ .¦:¦./',¦
In the; Future.
' Mr. and Mrs. William H. 1 Murphy were
serenaded on the ' 15th insf at - their resl-'
dence, 1723 Jones street, in honor of -their,
recent marriage. After: the musicians had.
rendered many ¦ popular airs ,¦ they j were
invited " into ' the house,' | where jg refresh
ments ; were served," and a very . pleasant
evening, was 'passed.' .;..' .. - ¦
Mies Lizzie Neilson, , Miss Katie Mar
shall, Miss Edna Goldsmith, ; Miss Mabel
Humphrey, Dan Conroy, ":•¦ Elwood-- Falr
hurst, Minor Leddy, J. . C. McCohochie,
A. J. Glacomini, A. RJ.'HasWns, Charles
Bowers, Alfonse Hourtney, A'. Lobree and
Will H; Stansbury. - ' ' ,
. On Tuesday evening, March 11; Will H/
Stansbury • and J. ; C McConochle gave' a
a very delightful trolley party in! the spe
cial party car Hermosa; concluding iwith
a dance and luncheon at, the Cliff House;
Among the. invited guests we're: Miss Eva
Lobree, Miss Nellie". Jordan, Miss Ida ¦
Stansbury, Miss Debora Lobree,"; Miss
Marie Hanavan, Miss Fanny ( Neilson; '
An enjoyable surprise party ; was ten
dered Miss Hazel I D. - Cohn by her sister,
Miss Gertrude M. Cohn, at her, residence,
1144 O'Farrell .street, 1 Thursday ,*¦; evening;
March 6, it being tho occasion of , her
birthday. - A pleasant evening was spent
in -singing, dancing and games I until , tho
small hours, when supper was served •¦¦-*
¦ A very .pleasant evening, was enjoyed
at the residence of Mr.- and. Mrs. ; Morris
Lando, 254 Leavenworth street, Friday,
March 8, "in honor of her father, Louis
Ehrlich; it being his seventieth birth
day.' Dancing, . singing . and ,' '¦; recitations
were kept up till a late hour, after which
supper was served.;- -,- . .¦ ' ;/, "
Miss Phyllss Lazansky was the recipient
of a delightful . surprise at her residence,
2819 Pine street, Saturday evening, March
8. The house" was decorated throughout
wlth'the choicest blossoms of theseason.
At midnight; an elaborate supper was
served.' ¦¦' >i ] ' \'- *..,' ':'':¦¦¦¦"'¦•:
£ A surprise party was given to E. Dock
ery, at his residence, 78 Carmellta street,
on Friday . evening, March 7th. The
evening was passed in games and dances.
Those present were: Eugene Dockery,
Marion King,. Andrew Schoftley, Ruby
Green; Albert Slattery,- Dorothy, Mills,
Hugh"*Keenan, Ire/e Hastings, Harry
Callahan, ' Stella Barron, Homer RIppon,
Little Adams, j Harold Sprldgen, • Martha
Beran, Lawrence Troy, Carman Schmitz,
Joseph Sorich, Hortense Grosh, Roy Luce
and Arthur Bennett.
A most enjoyable trolley party was
given on Tuesday evening, March 4. Those
who attended- were: Miss A. Guth, F. 1
Center, Miss H. Brandon, ! H. Duff, Mrs.
A. Smith, A. Smith, Miss M. Benson, J.
Shea, Miss M. de Sparr, J. Kamn'a, Miss
A. Meyer, Mr." Beaumont, Miss G. Owens,
C. Meyer, F. Weise, J. Donahue, Miss G.
Netberger, H. HlnzjA. F. Dollin, H. B.
Deyao and D." Dellcan. '¦
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Tillle Newman- last Saturday even-
Ing at her residence, 1209 Howard street.
Among those present were: The Misses
T, Newman, B. Katz, L. Blumenthal, D.
Levy, R. Tishler. T. Anlxter, 8. Anlxter,
F. Levy, H. Goldman, L. Loewenstein. S.
Shapiro, J. Levy, D. Tishler, R. .O'Connor,'
K. Loewenstein; Messrs. H. Herzog, J.
Harris, P. Mendelson, C. Glick, R. Kar
melenski, J. Golden, i S. Greenberg, L."
Wren, M. Katz, F. Nowell. H. Glick, A.
Morris, R. Somers, J.. Nathan, I. David
son, A. Felix, G. Myerson, B. Schwartz
and C. Kahn. .. .. .
Those present were: Miss Olivia Charl
ton. Miss Alma Peterson, Miss Edna'Lyt
gens, ¦ Miss Margaret Drum,. Miss/ Cora
Wiener, Miss Myrtle Buckman, the Misses
Sarah, Grace and Donaldlne Murchlson,
the. Misses Lucille and Genevleve Har
pending, Miss Milllcent Hazen, Miss Nel
lie Mickel. the Misses Elena and Ger
ttude Murasky, the Misses .Hazel and
Helen .Webb, Miss Gladys Haizelrigg,
Miss Jessie Thayer; Masters Alexander.
Charlton, Ed Eichbaum, Henry Peterson,
Rubert Drum, Elmer Buckman, Harry
Hanlkamp, Charles Olinger, Joseph"Rod
gers, Percy Fields,' Frank Thayer, Ruel
Voorhles, Earnest Ochs, John Murchlson,
Nutter and Miner Richardson, Omar
Baker. .
The youthful guests were entertained
with music, . dancing and _games.. Miss
Olivia Charlton, the hostess, rendered se
lections from Mozart, Chopin and Lizst
in an able manner. An elegant repast
was served during the evening, and .the
gueets departed shortly after midnight. |
A surprise party was given to Charles
Christln at his .residence, 343 Hayes st.,
last week. Those present were the Misses
Ethel Harrison. Fannie Scalmanine, Eva
and Gladys- Johnson, T. Fettan, ' Lulu
Mattheas, Orma Clevenger, May Fitzhen
ry, Frieda Buchholzr Nettie Decker. Ma
mie Mesenberg, Myrtl© Sand,- Emily Gil
flllan, B. and F. Huslng, Lavina Symons,
Lora Custer, Ethel' and Llllie Nell, Elsie
Meyerhoffer, N. McGlll, C. Towshend,
Charles Christln, Emil _ Huguenln,*" Guy
Burlingame, Sol Kaiser, Carl Mattheas,
Arthur Frisbee, Otto Theelan. JackFitz
henry, Roy Bow, Fred Merten, George
Mayhain, B, Thomas, F. Husing, E. Giles
and Professor H. Huguenln. .
Master Alexander Charlton and hls"sl8
ter, Miss Olivia Charlton, gave a^recep 1
tlon to a number of their young friends at
the residence of their parents, 249 Pierce
street. The programme was arranged by
Mrs. . McDonald, who was ably assisted
by Mrs. J. Lathrop and Mrs. Drum. The
decorations consisted of greens, with pink
and white spring blossoms, which were
used in artistic profusion. An American
flag, measuring twelve by eighteen feet,
was draped from th© west wall of the
front parlor. It Is one of two American
flags made from* the first silk ever pro
duced in California. A' similar one was
presented to the Charleston, the- first
cruiser built on the Pacific Coast.
Mrs. J. N. Patton of Alameda was, the
recipient of a pleasant surprise ¦ party
Saturday evening, March 8. Progressive
euchre was played, Miss C. Dixon and R.
D. Cranston being the successful winners.
An . elaborate supper " was enjoyed; t then
followed dancing. Among th© Invited
guest present ¦ were Mr. and . Mrs. C. ¦ H.
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. T.E. Gay,' Mr. and
Mrs. C: L. Langley, Mr. and Mrs. R. D.
Cranston, Miss F." Cranston, Miss C. Dlx
on, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Patton, H.
Heald, W. Cranston, Mrs. M. Jennison
'and Mrs. J. Patton. -.. '
Home Parties.
Miss Camelia Bernard and, Louis A. L.
Bonilla wish to announce. to their friends
their secret marriage, which took place
In San Jose on March 9,-1902. Th© brid©
is tho daughter of a .well-known Insur
ance man of -Kansas City, Mo., 'while the
groom is of one of the oldest families of
San Luis.Obispo County. H© is at pres
ent employed in the postal department of
San Francisco. ' - %
Married.
The marriage ceremony of Miss Rebec
ca Friedman and -N. Moskowitz takes
place to-day at 6 p. m. at the Geary-street
Temple.
Mr. and Mrs. S.Regensburger. announce
the engagement of their daughter Carrie
to Phil Levy. . They will receive , their
friends Sunday, March 23, from 2 to B,:at
1306 Ellis street. , > :. . , * < '
They're Engaged.
•but fortunately that sort of en
tertaining Is stamped with society's ap
proval and there is not a moment to b©
lost by the popular maid or matron after
she has finished her morning \ devotions
before dressing for a luncheon. Then
after' returning home late in the ! after
noon there is barely time ; to rest before
getting ready f6r a dinner, • and yet with
this round of engagements, together with
shopping and being fitted at the gown
maker's, most of the fair sex claim to
be resting and gaining strength for | the
festivities after Easter.; ¦ • ;
/t^--T F to dine in Lent were not quit©
nj I the thing to do, none of us would
dare to invite our friends in for
II I that purpose i and time might
«Z/vr\ hang heavily upon one's hands,
Th© late J. A. Flllmore. the well known
railroad man, was a member of Tancred
tx)dge. H© Joined the order in 1880
Next Tuesday night Saxon Lodge will
aave an unusually interesting meeting,
when a number of new features are to be
introduced. ,
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of Honor
Is working up a boom for the Knights of
Honor jplcrflc. !
Knights of Honor.
Sherwood Circl© of 'th© Companions of
the Fcrest has returned to its old home
n the Foresters' building. It will give
V s J?, ext E0Clal °o tiie nlrht cf the 5th of
April.
Artemis Circle will give an April fool's
party on th© night of th© 1st of AprlL -
Washington Circle on "the night of the
11th inst. had & very pleasant . meeting,
tne attendance being Increased by th©
arrival of the membership of Eureka and
Bournemouth circles. During the session
the court exemplified the work of tba or
der by the Initiation of three strangers In
full ritualistic form and correctness. Dur
i Ing th© session Joseph R. Sands, D. D. S.
G. H. C. C, was on behalf of Bourne
mouth Circle, which ha represents, pre
sented with an album of views of Bourn©
ruouth. England, for which. th© drcl© is
named. Th© chief companion of each of
the visiting circles was presented- with a
handsome bunch of flowers. Washington
Circl© la proud of th© fact that it has
been awarded a prize for. having had the
best arranged booth and having turned in
th© greatest profit at th© recent bazaar
cf the order. -
Loyal Circle of' the Companions of" th©
Fcrest, A. O. F., will give a fancy dress
[arty en masque in the Foresters' build
ing on the night of the 22d Inst. Miss M.
Ethel Speakznan has been chosen chair
man of the committee of arrangements.
Companions of the Forest.
\ BrilUant Is Acquitted;
The ¦ case of T.; Brilliant/ furniture deal-
Numerously . signed petitions were filed
yesterday with the Board of Supervisors
by residents of the Western Addition in
dorsing- the suggestion of the Merchants'
Association that the /number of .nights
when no street lamps are, lighted be re
duced to three nights, each month, and
that the gas inspector be authorized : to
order the lamps lighted > whenever, the
weather renders it necessary,' to -prevent
the streets .from -being, kept in darkness.
The petitioners ask that provision be
made in the next contract for the Innova
tion . • ¦ :. ¦:----:
Wants Fewer ' Dark Nights.
I The, Choppers'/ Friendship Club,' the sick
benefit '•branch -of -the of the
"V\ orld in . San • Francisco, , has. of late . been
quite active . and - is ' doing : much '; to hay©
all * eligible i neighbors place -their names
on'Tthe. membership roll. The constitu
tion ; J " and •. by-laws - have v recently j. : been
amended tomeet .up-to-date needs, 'and a
epecial dispensation -has .been '¦ granted; to
run- untilithe.lst.of next July,' so. as 'to
give"- applicants ; an : opportunity : . to ' be'Ini
tiated' at;a' cost; of ;$2.50.- The membership
isi"increasing,- ; but-.the' club 'wants; every.
Woodman r. to -be i enrolled, so as > to ¦ secure
the goffered in 1 case of • sick
ness. ••.'"; •;, "•¦."-:. : - " / " ' .'¦ " ¦-.•¦"
Chopper's Friendship Club.
New Century Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America at its meeting
on the ' 10th Inst. was visited by Grand
Chief Companion Miss Ticoulet, unoffi
cially, by Deputy Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Emma Harrington and several oth
ers. This circle will hold its. first anni
versary celebration on the evening of the
21st inst. in its meeting-place. ; .
On .the night of tho 17th inst. Inter Nos
Circle will have .a fancy dress party In
the social hall. of the Alcazar building
when It is' expected many of the members
•will ; appear in fancy costume behind
false faces. New.. Century "Circle
will appear in a body and become merry
makers. At the last held meeting of In
ter Nos Circle there was a "good attend
ance, and during the evening ¦ there was a
visit from the membership of Diana Cir
cle. The circle appointed its committee
on picnic. ¦ After short addresses by the
visitors all enjoyed. Inter Nos hospitality
in the form of a collation.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice Ti
coulet will officially visit Oakland Circle
on the 7th of April, and Borilta Circle on
the 1st of May. ' All companions who carji
a [« invited to accompany her on these
ViSitB. . . - . ' - .. . . ,
American Companions.
< ..The .following, named have been elected
as, the officers of the A.' O. F.: picnic com
mittee: ¦ ¦ W. • S. J Severence , of - Court ' Star
of j the I Mission, • president ; - B. Boepple | of
Court ? Star, of » the -West, vice president;
M. Boehm of Court Bohemian,' secretary,
and F." Butler of Court Lincoln, treasurer.
. ."Past Chief Ranger .; Frank Cooganv of
San Jose was in this. city,, last .week and
called , at . the • office of the • permanent sec
retary. He reports that his court, which
at.'the session of the ; last held High
Court, had a membership of • 135, - now has
243; names en -;its roll of members in good
standing. '¦ ; '-.:."¦' .,
:¦- Reports that are. now being received at
the-ofHce' of Secretary Falconer * show a
substantial -gain in '. the past two years.
Of , these! Court Cottonwood at.this time
shows the greatest percentage, of. net gain
In: members,".; and it looks tvery much as
if .it will carry off. the prize- banner, this
year. .Court Raisin City' of Fresno ,,has
doubled its membership ¦ in the past 'five
months. 1 ¦ v . --^r -r^^O*^.- i ¦'•¦¦¦;¦
? : Court Sequoia: of • Eureka has now a
membership in excess « of the 200 mark,
having doubled" , the number k of members
in "the, past two, years. ¦> v -. ' '
Court Robin Hood of the Ancient Order
of Foresters was .'officially,; visited : last
week by | the board: of deputies. -After th©
work of the evening, there was a banquet,
in - which the . members ' of : Eureka Circle
of j the Companions " of. tho Forest took
part.; V .-. '-*.''" :-7 : - :¦" "¦¦.'-¦¦
Ancient Order \ of Foresters.
•On the evening of the 10th inst. there
was a district. meeting In tha Social Hall
of th© membership of Courts Bonita
Point Lobos, Sutro Heights and Yerba
Buena, at which there were present Grand
Chief Ranger Heenan, Grand Sub-Chief
Ranger Wolfe,: Grand Secretary Cordy
Grand Recording "Secretary O'Brien and
Grand Trustee Simons. Th© meeting was
addressed for the good of. the district by
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan and Grand-
™ U £f %* ? Yh 0 "* 7**
rnad© that the order have a monster
initiation and that the several courts
hold their candidates for that occasion.
Th© date for. this is to.be fixed by the
executive council. It was also stated at
this meeting that a board of city deputies
will be organized as required by the laws
of th© order, a matter that has been
neglected for a long time.
Past Grand Chief Ranger Judge Hughes
of Sacramento was in this city last week
and he visited sevral of th© courts
Grand Sub Chief Ranger Wolf© paid an
pfflcial_ visit on th© 7th Inst. . to Court
Live Oak. '
9?^ Su i tro ? eI ? hts is still advancing
and th© aim of the . officers durirur the
current term is to make it one of the
shining lights of th© order.' Thus far they
have succeeded and there is in th© mem
bership an enthusiasm that is seldom met
with in a court of Forestry "t. . l
Steps have been taken for the. organiza
tion of a new court of th» order In this
city,, to b« known as Court James G.
Blaine. At th© preliminary meeting
twenty-five eligibles were elected to mem
bership and at the next meeting fifty-four
more will com© in. The initiatory work
will b© performed by the officers of Court
Golden Gate.
Poresters of. America.
' Mr. and : Mrs. j A. Jacobl announce the
confirmation 'of their son Milton at • Tem
ple Emanu-El on Saturday/March 22. Re
ception Sunday, March 23,i from 2 to 5 p.'
m.,-1717 Geary. street. ' ' :: " ;. ,
Mrs. Dr. L. L.. Rowland, from Salem,
Oregon', is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Jay
C. Smith; 1340 Pine street. .
Mrs;Henry. W.' Spaldlng leaves for the
East" to-day on a > visit to some relatives.
She will be absent about six weeks or two
months. ••¦¦'". "'.' . -' ; • /
•Mrs.'W. G. Curtis has returned from an
extended trip to Florida and the Southern
States. She. will ."spend the summer » in
San Rafael.- ,. -\ '-':..
have discontinued . their Fridays "at
home." -\ "V .
Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Sherman are spend
ing.-, the , month of . March with Mr. and
Mrs. C..E Sherman of Alameda.
Among the recent arrivals at Hotel
Rafael are: ' Miss Bachinan, Mrs. J. Sll
verberg, M. C. Osborn, Mrs. E. Polhemus,
Ned Polhemus, . Mr. and Mrs. Charles ¦ K.
Thornton, Mr. and- Mrs. I* C/-Babln, C.
N. - HUbert, Miss A. Robblhs, Mrs. J.
Berghauser, Mr. Dean. Mr. Kaiser, Mr.
Newmann, Miss M. Burke, Miss C. Heffer
nan,'Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Graham, M. W.
Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. A. Steinberger,
Miss Hilda Steinberger, Arthur Steinberg
er. Robert Steinberger, Irwln Steinberger,
Mr. and Mrs.' H. R. Rood, Mr. and Mrs.
E.'.H.iTowle,. ; Mlss Towle.'.Mr. and Mrs.
J. - Sllv'erberg, - Orln Goldsmith, Oliver
Goldsmith, Mrs. Louise Howland. Mrs. A.
Friend, Mrs. J. Homer Frltch, Dr. G. "W.
Slchel, Miss Madeline Slchel, I Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. . Sanford, Mr. andNMrs.' L. " D.
Stbff, San' Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. N..P.
Johnson, Raymond; Mrs. Herman Oppen
helm, : Mrs. C D. Harrington, } SL Paul,
Minn.; Mrs. L. Casey,- Miss I* P." Casey,,
Philadelphia; C. P. Ferry/Seattle, Wash.;
Mr.; and, Mrs. Dudley Evans, Miss C.
Evans," S. S. Evans, "Englewood, N. Y.;
Mr.', and Mrs. Charles Robinson, Santa
Rosa; ,.. Edwin \, Orrltt, • Alameda; C. J.
Down; MU1 Valley; Leslie A. Wright, San
Rafael. ' : \ ' ;
Mrs. T.* 7 Gunzburger of 1907 Sutter street
will ' be , at home i Monday. :
struck Brilliant several times on the face.
He denied striking her. but said she
tripped on a step at tho entrance to tha
store and fell. : '
er, charred with battery upon Mra. Olter
son, a customer, 'was dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. Th« evidence showed
that Mrs. Olterson was the aggressor and
SOCIETY EVENTS
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other. facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. -TRAVERSE,! Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-29, • with • the . electric I needle without pain or
scar; permanency uuaianteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
¦ '•" "• ... '¦ 'r , ' :.'¦: ¦ r " " .; ; ¦ '. ' ,'.'...:¦:•¦;¦
AIDVEE.TISEMENTS.
AN INJUNCTION
GRANTED
A Famous Toilette
Powder Counter-
feited.
REPUTATION AT STAKE;
Box, Label, Circular and Trade Mark
Forged. .;
LADIES, BE ON YOUR GUARD.
' ' V . - - ''¦"'."
: While It may be true that ''imitation" Is'
the.sincerest form of flattery," it does not
follow that the originator and owner, of a
valuable copyrighted article will quietly
submitt6 the knave who steals the hon-
est man's money by. deliberate forgery. "A
well-known Boston business man,, who
has, by" patient Industry, keen' Insight and
honestjjeffort, " built.- up a large .and, 'con-,
stantly increasing business, discovered a
few months ago that some one, who
ought to be repenting In prison,
had' made' and was selling In San
Franciscp an , inferior '.article, which
bore ! but a ! faint V* resemblance " 'to
the. original, and by ; ttie.use of the photo-'
electrotype process had forged >' the " box
label," the circular and. trade mark of Ben
Levy's Lablache' Face ; Powder, which is"
known' all, over' v the. world, and is In gen-
eral -use iby the r best .-and . most;r distin-J
guished women, not only In America,: but
also | in London, Paris, , Dresden,. Hong-:
kong, Shanghai, Mexico and' Manila;- and
In fact everywhere. Its virtues have been;
sounded; by Sarah. Bernhardt, : Mme.' ; Em-'
ma ] Eames, \ Maude I Adams, Mlle.' ; Rhea,
MMe. ¦ de I Lussan, ' Miss Marguerita ¦ Sylva ,
Miss v Lettice Fairfax, i and .by score3 v of
otHer famous women of the stage and in
private life;", v .^..;."-- '¦ . ¦ '. ¦,"-.-"¦ '¦''
-Of course it goes without 1 the saying
that if Lablache Face Powder were but a
mere combination of common chalk. and
perfume ' no i one : would -' have . forged Ben
.Levy's . name and , attempted to . steal his
business. Jt is only valuable sigmatures
and . articles of fame •'* that . .¦ are ••¦ forged.
When Mr. Levy's -attention- was called to
this matter he immediately, consulted his
attorneys, 1 Messrs. vBrandeis, Dunbar &
Nutter of Boston 'and Messrs. Rothchlld
&Ach^of San Francisco, '• who 'brought^a
bill, of complaint in the United States Cir-
cuit Court of, Northern California against
J^M. Wright & Co.- of San Francisco, >¦ th^s
seller, of this spurious powder,, and 'ob-
tained 1 an injunction prohibiting .further
sales. <¦ Suit is also brought \ to ; " recover
damages.. '. ¦ ,' ¦¦' •'¦ ' • " — ' ',¦¦¦¦ .,
The forger did his .work, so cleverly that
careful scrutiny is necessary to detect the
difference i between - the ¦ genuine . and "the
spurious."- The b6x-'label of the genuine'ls
clear and bright: while the printing of the
"counterfeit label is 4 dark and muddy. Mr.
Levy. feels, that his reputation is at stake,
andhe is sparing no trouble or expense to
rlghtUhis wrong:. The, Lablache Powder
is, a positive ; benefit to the complexion '
and-istheimost delightful preparation- of
the kind known, while the spurious. article
Is - deleterious . and': liable » to cause Injury
Mr. Levy asks that every, lady, using the
.Lablache .will examine the label carefully-
and if in doubt: as to* the genuineness 7 of
the article to send to: Ben Levy &• Co 125
Kingston ¦ street," Boston, • the ¦ circular or
the ; cover ' of • the box. 1 together .: with the
name, of: the v : dealer.' from whoni": 1 it was
purchased: and If .It' is .the counterfeit' she-
will be advised by. return, mail so that she
cant demand; that: her money ;be refunded
andiwhoeyer sold it will be prosecuted by
Ben Levy.* Co; to the full of "the
law.;:/ .____ • \ _••"-'•_'' '¦¦¦'; •'?'
Beautiful
\ " • The hat plays a most Important part
JjSSk 1 1—^r»^ In a woman's toilette. It is the key-
*-#¦ • .^w*ff^5jF''SSS^ note on which hangs the harmony o'
A ths "whole costume. Thi3 branch cf
tmfr^Smf^^^^i^i^^jA^xSfm^ our business is one of our most seri-
. OU3 studies, and in the handsomely
furnished parlors on th© second floor
• fiSAS^?3fe^*Sf^Ci7?S5£«B^^^ w111 be found a display of down-to-
ferS^^a^^^^^^J^SiM^W^ date trimmed hats that will dazzle and
' IrTIg Hifflfflll 1 jjfWTik''' FATM'fT N delight all lovers of millinery taste and
E»»SpSS :^Mfeg-y j !2a» J '^ elegance. Strikingly original, exclusive
»3'fsF§S2&iflKA < !r^?' IKr and beautiful models from every Pa-
BSgSk?iS'jfe'?*i' \r^ rislan modists of note— too entirely
KB9ySSfej&w£> »yf new to have been copied by any other
Iraffir^. ' ' I artistic creations from the foremost
Em% vtf^^isftSe. women and for mature matrons, de-
WU3^ ¦ .SSWQ^rSi** hat In the collection possesses a dls-
Tr * tinctive Individuality of Its own. No?
( a single one Is hostile to real art or beauty. Every touch Is for harmony, grace
'and becomlngness. Prices are fair, and many quite modest. We carry Phipp3
& Atchinson' s celebrated walking hats In an almost endless variety of styles.
"We would be pleased to have you visit this department to-morrow or any day
this week that suits your. convenience. You are as welcome- to study and ad-.
mire as you are to purchase. .....
Snitt Waists
Newest and Most Captivating of 1 902
Fashions, and Fabrics at Popular Prices*
'i Every few days we add new. and beautiful styles to our collection of ladies'
-waists. Manv of them are made up to carry out our 'own special - Ideas, pro-
ducing styles and effects radically different from those shown around town.
The more you compare styles and prices here with those prevailing elsewhere
the better satisfied you will be to do your buying here. • %>.;-
MADRAS WAISTS in all the new and pretty ¦ :2SSi§*^Ss».
colors; made with the new shirt .sleeves and . '
fancy stock collar : S3c IPliifJfei^'
MADRAS "WAISTS, In Btrtpes and figures: .'»SL'^^^^5>»
made with the stylish shirt • sleeves and stock jEIj
collar Sl'.OO %>
- SHIRT "WAISTS— three different styles; on« r^Jir\.
¦• Is made of cheviot, another of white, pique* and /^AS&Vv .'
still' another. of black muslin; all have the newest . /SF?*Z$ jfi~- '"%v
•J sleeves and stock collars.. .............$1.3O /y '"y/W/*
SHEERiWHITE MUSLIN WAISTS— Hand- /A :h*Ml »' "* *4n
.somely finished with graduated rows of hem- ///."•? v&J*.' » *\A •-!
stitching and fine, tucks ......:..... ...81.05 /*/j£j±y&& •¦i+ i
¦¦;'¦ L.INEN BATISTE WAISTS— Made with tuctf- '•'&? » /^^^^ * " V ?;
ed fronts and backs/new shirt sleeves and fancy [¦ "- .v-MSE". >J •"¦•JL"./ '
stock collar v ... ................... . v r......... 81.85 L ' ? Vl'Tv^^T I « *
v WOVEN CHAMBRAT WAISTS-Also white *^-* :^^^lW^rV > 4 * 'V
waists, trimmed -with alternating rows of half- WL iz/H w V *'
Inch .and- narrow .• tucks................ S2.00 . C LJ^ V * * /
' BEAUTIFUL .WHITE "WAISTS — Trimmed \^ *v\ — •
-all over — front, \ back and ; sleeves — with beautiful- f- \
ly made tucks and muslin insertion... ;;... 83.00 - ' j
RoBert Wallace,
219 Grant Ave., San Francisco.
; '":'" ¦•'•'¦' " : '' :^ l ''-"i' : y?yy4?\*' rijiTi^ s 9 ar v .-¦ '.. :'-,.,- -'¦¦'-.-¦¦'¦ * "'¦'¦' - - -,-
Gloves^^ ~k
¦ Our assortment of Gloves for Ladies' Gents' and Children is complete, and we are prepared
to fithands of all shapes and sizes, and to fit them as they should be fitted. The qualities and
brands are all of the best and all the favorite colors and shades are now 'to' be had.
Maggioni.Kid Gloves for 'LadtesV 3 clasps, "Ama2on,""Gascon' > and "Sterling" *
Paris point embroidery, per pair.....;.. 5>I«5° j 2 clasp, ladies gloves, glace and suede ¦* *'°°
'Trefousse Pique 1 Gloves for Ladies, " "Melba"glace gloves for ladies, 2 clasps -
1 2, clasps, allsizes and colors, per pair $2.00 Paris point embroidery, per pair ' $ .\*^5
.Dents - Gloves ,¦ for Ladies, 2 clasps, ex- „ . "Yale" and "Irma*' kid gloves for boys V|
" cellent walking gloves, per, pair....:.... #2.OO anc j gi r i s> all sizes and colors, per pair * ' •""
;The ." Wddon '*-. Gloves 'for Ladies, " - \. _ ' Dents, Fownes, and "Thistle" kid »~ « ft
' 2 clasps, pique kid and suedes, per pair $*»5Q gloves for men t pair {J1.50, and $^'^"
./'./. \ .;- 1 ;jiflieQ • SiiifQ --and ¦•¦ SkirtQ v
i ~: Never was our Third Floor more interesting to ladies.' . It is virtually a fashion, show. Finely
tailored garments of , the highest grade of material, finish, style and make, are here in great variety.
. We will i' confine ourselves to calling your: attention to these six special values :
Handsome Wool Cheviot Suits in black and navy;' Fine Black Pedestrian Skirts of metton cloth,
Eton Jacket with moire ; silk vest; CA floiince stitched and corded, with .
: flounce skirt; entire suit trimmed ~q)z4w(J sc » llo P over. flounce prettily trim- $|| 50
• with satin bands. me'd with small ball buttons.
Dressy Suits of Panama Cloth.un tah, green and Stylish unlined Dress Skirts of wool canvas
gray; Postillion back Eton Jacket O - AA i n jjrray, green and tan, with __
, with velvet collar ; newest flare C()ZD.UU ¦, ¦ stitched bands, trimmed with but- » TO 00
. flounce skirt. .• . . ¦ . / ' tohs, top and bottom. " J
Choice Black Suits '.of. fine quality wool canvas; "Dress" Skirts of splendid quality of black wool
. Taffeta lined Eton. Jacket- with i^ on '_" cheviot, neatly trimmed with _ _,:
-postillion-back- and silk stitched Jp^o.OU . moire silk bands, well made and $/.75
"reveres; flounce skirt. . -. - - tailored.
Latest Imported Iiace Robes
Just Received: Lace and Spangled Robes in a rare show of novelties— exclusive trt creations.
The beauty and worth of these handsome robes cannot be told in words— they must be ; seen
.to.be appreciated. -7. ....
Black Spangled Robes... ..$17.50, 132.50, 145.50 ! Black Applique Ruffled Robes, £22.50 .to 557.50
Silver Spangled Robes......... $30.00 to $65.00 Novelty Chiffon Robes with Colored Appliques
White and Black Escurial and Lierre Robes with arid handsomely Spangled.... ........... 1^07.50
latest ruffle flounce effects...... $27.50 to 145.00 -Ecru Net Robes, beaded and embroidered $07.50
i Easter Offerings in Silks ;
These splendid Values in new, up-to-date Silk Fabrics offered to-morrow and during the coming week:
: 24- inch Satin Liberty ' Foulards^ in Novelty Silks for Waists and Gowns
: latest novelty effects— rich and hand-' <# " in fancy stripes, new lace effects <* . *
some colorings, per yard^..... ....'.:... ** L * uu an'd pongee stripes, yard $1.00 to '¦& 1 »S°
44 inch Black Grenadines in choicest of '* _ _ 23 inch Black Taffeta, worth $1.00 ** ¦
new stripes, per yard.'..;................ i ' o ° a yard, special at............. P iTiS
. Lace Scarf Special Pillow Top Sale
Special \n wr Neckwear Department:— Lierre . Commencing to-morrow we shall haveon sale,
and hand-made renaissance Lace Scarfs, 7 ' ,O^r : n u nd redsof Persian Pillow Topsin choi- IOtz^
regular socVand 75c each. On sale at \^ tJK " . " cest colorings. Price while they last *^<*C
- iKearnp and Suiter Sts. I \
April
Number of
Out Isi
I To-Day
Should Watch: the Physical Develop-
ment of Their! Daughters. Earn-
est Words Prom Mrs. Pinkham to
Mothers.
Every mother possesses information of. vital value to her young
daughter. That daughter is a precious legacy, and tne responsibility. ,
for her future is largely in the- hands of the mother. The mysterious
change that develops the thoughtless girl into the. thoughtful
should find the mother on" the watch. day' and night As she cares iov,
the physical well-being of her daughter, so \nll the woman be, and her
children also. ; • • .
"When the young girl's thoughts become sluggish, when she expe-
riences headaches, dizziness; faintness, and exhibits an abnormal dispo-
sition to sleep, pains in tho back and lower limbs, eyes dirn^ desire for
solitude, and a dislike for the society of other girls, when she is a
mystery to herself and friends, then the mother should go to her aid
promptly. At such a time the greatest aid to nature is Lydia E. Pink- .
ham's Vegetable Compound. It prepares the young system for the
coming change, and is the surest reliance in this hour of trial. .
The following letters from Mrs. Southard are practical proof of
Mrs. Pinkham's efficient advice to young women. . ¦ . ., ] :
Mothers Who Allow Their Daughters to Suffer- are' Cruel When
Relief is Easily Obtained. Read This flother's Experience.
" Deab Mes. Pt^khxm : — I wish adTico in regard to my daughter. She
Is thirteen years old and never menstruated. We hare had the doctor to her
and he 6aid she did not hare enough blood. She has been taking iron for
three months but is no better. In the morning slie vomits, some days she
cannot keep anything on her stomach, until twelve o'clock. II she tries to do
anything she gets faint, Has headache all the time, is -as white as marble
xrith great dark rings under her eyes. Please write and -tell me what to do.
as I am discouraged with the doctor." — Mas. Chxs. Southtaed, Phcenix Mills,
N.Y. (Jan. 19, 1900.) -
" Dear Mjss. Pis kiiam : — Last January I wrote you about my daughter,
and told you what our family doctor said about her. I saw another doctor
and he said she had quick consumption. After receiving your letter, I began
giving her your remedies, and after taking four bottles of jLydia E. jPinlc-
ham's Vegetable Compound and four of Blood Purifier, ahe is now well .
and strong as ever. Menses have appeared and are regular. I can never
praise your remedies enough for they saved my daughter's life." — Mrs. Chas.
Southabd, Phoenix Mills, N.Y. (Dec 16, 1900.)
Any youngr grirl or any mother is cordially invited to write to
Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., for advice in regard to her sick-
ness. Xo one has had ereater experience or success in guiding
mothers and their daughters to health. Thousands have trusted
her and are glad. She charges nothing for advice. Write to-day. .
i\ pAAA REWARD. — We h»v« d« po*l t ed with the Jf atlona.1 City Bank of Lynn. $0000,
Vrfo'iilll vhlch will be pa.14 to tny person wbo cas find th*t the ftbore testimonial letter!
J» Will *** sot gcculae, or Tor* publUhed before obtaining the writer*! ipecial per-
yWWWU alutou I^dlm B. ««kham McdJcui* Co. t Lynn, Mjhs.Thomas W. Hunter of 502 Washington
street complained yesterday to the Board
cf Supervisors of the way in which the
Market-street Railway Company fills up
tho depressions in. the bituminous pave
tuent on Sansome ftreet. Hunter says
that owing to' inferior work the bitumen
breaks out, then the concrete gives way,
and the company dumps fine crushed red
rock in the depressions, causing clouds
of dust to arise. Hunter says that under
the terms of the company's franchise the
nuisance should be abated.
Complains of Sailway Company.
Purim Ball This Evening.
. There' will be a Purim ball, by the
Chevra Shaare Refooah, a Hebrew soci
ety of this city, in Odd Fellows' Hall this
evening, which will be in the nature of a
masquerade. The ball of the same char
afcler by the San Francisco Hebrew Social
Club will be ffiven In Union Square Hall
cm the night of Sunday, the 23d inst.
The Lyceum Clothing Company,
SL» Market street, is now selling the cloth
ing manufactured by Adler & Sons of
Chicago. To-morrow there will be on sale
1000 men's suits and overcoats, made to be
retailed for 520.00. The manufacturers'
sale will sell them for $5.85. These suits
are €legant new styles in black and. blue
clay and serge, fancy cheviots, worsteds
end thibbets. Be sure and get yourself a
BM.t for $5.S5 at the manufacturers' cloth
ing sale. 915 Market st., opp. Mason. •
The contention was made that the pat
ent by which the land was acquired was
fraudulent and defective, in that the land
was mining and not agricultural land at
the time the patent was issued. The
famous Green Copper mine Js located on
the property, and although it was worked
for ore since the early '60's the mine was
shut down for many years. By. a resur
vey of the property about the time the
patent was issued a strip of land seventy
three feet fwide and claimed by. Raynor
became the property of Sydney.
The main point at issue was the lateral
rights set up by the defendant in his an
swer. It was contended that the rights
to property of lndlvduals exteinded even
to the center of the earth. That is to say,
no adjoining property owner working a
mine on his own land could cross the
lines of ins claim beneath the surface
and delve into the property of his neigh
bor. The court held this contention to be
coiind law, he basing his judgment upon
thp opinion o/ the late Circuit Judge Saw
yer that under the common law the ex
tent of a man's ownership was not con
nned to the area on the surface, but to
the center of the earth itself. It follows
by this ruling, therefore, that miners are
not privileged to mine below the surface
it the vein being mined by them extends
into land which is owned by another.
Another interesting question decided by
Jfdge Cochran was the one of patents,
the validity of which is attacked collat
erally, as waa the cate in the suit men
tioned. It was held that the validity of
land patents couia only be tested by di
rect proceedings brought In behalf of the
United States, for the reason that the
Federal Government is most directly in
terested in seeing that the patents issued
by its sanction are supported ag-ainst all
comers. During the trial the questions of
lost and obliterated corners of land were
raited nnd discussed. While the court
held for Ihc defendant as to his right to
the seventy-three feet of land claimed by
him, the plaintiff Is estopped from work
ing his mine beyond the lateral lines of !
the land defined by the patent. Campbell
& Spillman and Bourdette & Hoyt of San
Francisco appeared for the plaintiff and
James S. Peck of Merced and C. G.
Goucher of Mariposa handled the case for
the defenCant.
A. suit of considerable interest to min
ing- men and those owning mining land in
California was decided by Judge John M.
Cochran at Mariposa last Thursday. The
suit was that of H. O. Raynor aginsV O.
R. Sydney for a decree ejecting the de
fendant from a portion of section 3V in
Mariposa County, which had been secured
by the plaintiff by virtue of an agricul
tural patent in 1S73.
The show was again greeted by a
crowded house last night. Two perforin
ences, one in the afternoon and one in
the evening, will be given each day while
the company Is in the city. It is expected
the Pavilion will be crowded during the
performances this afternoon and evening.
Even sea lions have been taught to per
form. They waddle about with consid
erable difficulty, but they appear to take
<!clight in exhibiting their accomplish
ments.
But the ponies, wonderful as they are,
constitute only a part of the attractions
cf the enow. They share their popularity
¦with the trained elephants, the trained
camels, which are the only "ships of the
desert" that have ever been taught to
1 erform, and the monkeys, which con
tribute their share of amusement.
In their display tiie little Shetland
ponies, which are probably the finest of
their species in this country, if not in
the world, show a remarkable degree of
Intelligence. These glossy coated littie
animals have been taught to march and
countermarch and even to waltz to music.
Then there is the talking pony, which an
swers correctly and without any prompt
ing all manner of difficult Questions. He
Elves his answers by pawing with his
itet or shaking his head- He can tell the
exact number of years of life he has
fceen, the number of days in the week
»nd the number of. meals he receives in
a. car.
School chiMren, with their faces aglow
v.-ith pleasure, flocked by the hundreds to
Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday afternoon
to be amused and delighted by the open
ing performance of Norris & Rowe's
trained animals. From the military
maneuvers executed by the Bhetlands
and the tricks performed by the dogs
down to the ever-ludicrous antics of the
turnkeys, all is interesting' and instruc
tive and affords an excellent idea to the
height to which .animal intelligence can
be cultivated. •
Animals in Norris &
Rowe's Show Are
Intelligent.
Important Ruling Made
by Judge Cochran
of Mariposa.
PONIES DRILL
LIKE SOLDIERS
SETTLES RIGHTS
OF MINE OWNERS
Samuel Kallsky^ to Julia i Cunningham; three
modern new flats on the west line of Webster
street, 110 feet. north of Eddy, 27:6x100 fppt
for ' $13,500; William P. and Clara Spencer t6
Charles Ehn, three modem flats on: the north
line of ' Jackson street, Nos." 2953/ 2055, 2957 •
175 feet east of Baker." lot 25x127:8^'. feet:
Susan Kelleher to Edward Storror ' 2324 Clasr
street, I north side, . near Webster, 27 :6xlO4 feet
modern residence, for. $5000; Mrs.; M.Moran to'
James Kearny, 918 to 918% Capp street, west
side, near Twenty-fourth, lot 82 :Cxll7 ; feet ' 4
flats of 4 rooms each, for. $5150 ; Charles ' Ehn
«2. ]r rs - n A - M - K - ' Menz,' two . modern .flats . at
201C2018 Sutter street,' 125 -.feet west; or Kill
more, for $SO0O; for R. . E. Radand, ; two , moa-
Three-story -frame building.', store 'and resi
dence, '¦ northwest corner of <lreen and Lafay
ette streets, 20x64:0, for $5100; -three-story
frame building, store and residence/ southwest
corner - of- pacific and Mason streets, 24x71
feet, $7000; northeast corner of Cumberland
and Dolores streets, 25x80 .feet, Improvements
consist of two flats. $3000; two-story and baser
merit residence, ¦ south line of Sacramenti.
Btreet, near Baker, 27 : Cxi 32 : 6 feet, $5600^
building lot on south line of Eddy street, east
of Scott. '50x82:6 feet, $5000; also large build
ing slto 400x500 feet on Santa Inez avenue in
San Mateo to Mary A. Lee for $10,000.- .
Easton, Eldridge . & 1 Co.,report the,fol
lowing recent sales: ;
Estate of Caroline Scherer to the Union Oil
Company, lot on the west side of Pennsylvania
avenue/ 150 feet - south of Seventeenth street,
150x200 feet. $8200; lot on the west side; of
Larkin street, 102 feet north of Jackson, 25x125
'feet, with three flats, $13,000; Baird estate to
"W. E. Lange, lot on the west ,-side of Central
avenue, 100 feet north of Haight street, 50xlia
feet,- for $5700,' on which Lange \ will at once
begin the erection of two handsome buildings
costing about $10,000 each; ! new residence and
lot on the south side of Filbert street; 80 feet
west of Broderlck, < 31 : 6x187 : 6, from John A.
Hoots to Annie N. ; Thompson, $8750; A. J.
Hahn to R. Colbrandt, lot on the west side of
Noe street, -between Alvarado and Twenty
third, 25x105 feet, with two flats, for $2500; J.
H. Kruse to M. O. Fries, lot on the east side
¦of Eureka street, 109:8 feet : north: of Eight
eenth, 24x125 feet, with two, new flats • for
$i>BO0; J. T. Burke bought the ' northwest cor
ner of Union and '.Broderlck' streets " 44x103
feet, for $3500; lot on the south "side of 'Twen
tieth Etreet, 205 feet* west of Guerrero,' 25x114
feet, with residence, . $4250; lot on . the ea£t
side of -San Bruno avenue, 75 feet southvof
Nineteenth street, 25x100 feet, with cottage,
$850; lot and 7-room house on the north side
of Filbert .street, ! 233 feet west of • Broderick
25x03 feet, $3000; lot on the west side or Elsie
street, 215 feet south of Cortland avenue. 25x
114 feet, with eottasre, from M. O. Frids to
W. H. Clarence, $1050;: H. B. Plnney to N.
Marx, northwest corner of Filbert; and Brod
erlck streets, 50x108 feet, $3000; lots 41 and
42 block B of the Park Lane tract, $850; Pa
cific Improvement Company to JV L. Harrison
lot on south side of Frederick ' street l 100 west
of Clayton. 25x100 feet, $1050. ' • ; '¦' ¦ .-
Other sales by Baldwin & Howell were
as 'follows; -
The following list of sales is reported by
Lyon & Hoag: ' "\:-:Vr^"\
Miscellaneous Properties.
Marine view lot on the north line of Val
lejo street, between Scott and Devlsadero, 10^x
137:0 feet, for $17,009;' lot 00x105 feet on the
west Hne of 'Dolores street,! between Liberty
and Twentieth, for $2500; cottage on the north
line of Twentieth street; west from -Hampshire,
with lot 24X92, for $2000; lot on the west line
of Lacuna street, between Sutter and ' Bush,
25x137:6. for $4000; lot on north line of Cali
fornia street,' between Polk and Van Ness ave-
nue. 50x87:6 feet, with L, improvements con
sisting of two houses renting for $76 per month,
for $15,000; lot 68x103 feet on the southeast
corner of Devisadero and Union streets, for
$7500; cottage and lot on the west line of Treat
avenue, between Twenty-second .and Twenty
third streets, < $1575; cottage and- lot on "the
northeast line of Oak Grove avenue, between
Harrison and Bryant streets, lot j 25x112, for
$1825. ¦¦:¦., •' -. . . .";• , .
A recent transaction of interest carried
through by Boardman Bros. & Co. waa
the sale for account of Samuel H. Board
man of the lot and Improvements situated
on the northeasterly line of Third street,
thirty feet southeast of Minna street, lot
25x75:6 feet, for $30,000. This ds the third
time these brokers haye ; negotiated
the sale", of this^ property , .within
two years. In March, 1900,. the piece
was sold for- account of Mary A.
Athearm to Douglas S. Watson for $23,500,
who in turn disposed of the property in
March, 1901, to Samuel- H. Boardman for
$26,000, who now, in March of the present
year, sells at the advanced figure above
mentioned. The same firm has also sold
for account of A. W. Crouch of Chicago,
111., the water lot W-th improvements situ
ate on the southeasterly line of Howard
street 91:8 feet northeasterly from Spear
street, for $22,500. This lot is a portion of
the property occupied by White" Bros.'
hardwood lumber yard. —
Madison & Burke have made sales as
follows: . ,
'O. D. Baldwin & Sons have sold for
Ruth G. Campbell et al. to Henry Rosen
feld the northeast corner of Jackson and
Cherry streets, 96x106, for $15,000; algo the
northwest corner of Washington and Ma
ple strets, 117x143 feet, for William Arm
strong to S. Koshland for $26,500. :
Henry Kahn has. bought property on the
south line # of Mission street, between
Sixth and 'Seventh, 35x85 feet, with two
dwellings, for $14,750, through the agency
of Thomas Magee & Sons.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold for
C E. Parks and Charles Schlessinger 95x
S£:6 on the east line' of Jones street, 107:6
feet south from Turk, for $35,000. G. H.
Umbsen & Co. have sold to Julius Abram
son ' for Mrs. . Wensinger the southwest
ccrner of Van Ne^s avenue and Turk
street, 60x109:9, with old improvemento,
for $26,000. The last named brokers have
also sold for H. A. Vance lot 25x137:6 feet
on the south line of Geary street, between
Jones and Leavenworth, to H. W. Neu
bauer, who will probably place a family
hotel on the land, -he owning the adjoin
ing lot. ' The price Involved In the sale
was $15,500. • ¦ ;
Sales by Brokers.
to have been sold also by the same
brokers to one purchaser for about $50,000,
but there are no more definite facts given
out. ;
win & Howell represented the buyer in
this deal. Property on Taylor etreet,
"north from Post, 40x105, has also been
sold by Thomas Magee & Sons for $21,500.
Ten BO-varas at North Beach are reported
The seller was Mrs. J>S. Brugiere.. Bald-
Several large deals have marked the
closing of the week. Baldwin & Howell
•have sold for the owners, the property on
the north line of Sutter street, Just east
of the Occidental Hotel, for $300,000. The
lot is 122x137:6 feet and is improved with
a four-story and basement building.
Speck & Co. have bought. from E. T. and
E. P. Kruse the Kruse residence on the
north line "of Turk street, 137:6 feet west
from Polk, the lot- being 87:6x137:6, for
Henry Kahn for $37,000, and ; a splendid
building to, cost $75,000 will be 'placed on
the site. Speck & Co., have also sold for
Mrs. Adele G. Vorbe to John Breuner the
southeast corner of Hyde and O'Farrell
streets, 70x77:6, ' for $39,000. Through, the
agency of Thomas Magee & Sons. A.
Aronson has bought 40xS0 feet, on the
south line of Mission street, 70 feet west
frcm Fourth, for $25,000;
Thomas Magee & Sons have also sold
the northwest corner of; Van Ness avenue
and Oak street, with frontage on Market
street, -to ..an Eastern buyer for $58,000.
eral blocks ; of ! lands from the Sutro es
tate. The earlier announcement is con
fiimed that there will be a splendid fam
ily hotel on the Fair estate property on
Mason, Sacramento and California streets.
Two additional stories are found neces
sary for the 'St. Francis ; Hotel that- will
be erected on the old Calvary Church" site.
On all Bides in the contracts for. buildings,
warehouses, apartment houses, family ho
tels and business blocks are evidences
that the tide of j improvement , has set jn
v.1th great ) strength, and . the ease with
which leases "tfontinife to be made for long
periods" and the sharp demahd for good
properties of all classes give reason to be
lieve that the present conditions are not
brief, but permanent. ¦ .
Some Large Deals.
Each week advances rfe interest in the
realty "situation in' this city. T?he week
just past has been marked with' several
significant happenings. ¦ Definite news has
been supplied concerning the operations
of the syndicate that has purchased sev-
em flats at 2310.. 2312 Sutter street,- 87 -.6 feet
west of. Scott, lot 34x100 feet, with two mod
ern flats of 6, 7 rooms and bath, for $7650.,
1 Richmond Transactions.
Sales are reported by McAfee Bros, as
follows:" ¦ ¦ ,','-." ¦
Lot on Sixth avenue, adjoining the Presidio,
with- 133 -feet frontage, ¦ running halfway
through the block, to | "W. A. I Lange, .the Chi
cago baseball player, upon which he will erect
a fine dwelling and stables; also to Herbert F.
Mann of the I. de Turk Wine Company, a lot
adjoining! that 'purchased by Mr. Lange, 200x
020 feet/ for a handsome residence; also J.
Rauer the northeast corner of Ellis and Bei
deman streets. 86x75, with the key lot 25x95
reeton'Beldeman/street, on private terms; lot
on the. south line of .Seventeenth street, n«ar
Diamond; • 25x75, for: $1250; two lots on the
north^ line of Lake street, between. Sixth and
Seventh avenues, lor $2000; two lots on Sixth
a yfnue. 225 feet north from Lake street, for
Shalnwald, Buckbee -& . Co. have made
the following., additional sales: Clark
Crocker, residence on the south line of
Sutter street, between Octavia and La
guna streets, with 55x120 feet. for-$8250;
also the vacant portion of the same prop
erty, at Sutter and Octavia streets, 60 feet
on Octavia street and 82:6 feet on Sutter,
for $12,500.
; Additional sales are reported by Speck,
& Co. as follows:
¦- ¦ I i°- 507 Broderlck street, near. Haye*. 62:2
feet by an irregular depth of 187:6 feet, with
ten-room residence, for $9000, from; Clementina
.w ts , c . h t0 G eraldlne C. Shannon. ' Lot on the
south line of Unlon-sauare avenue, 160:5 feet
? as V\T? m Stoc) tton street, 22:11x60 feet, from
j^Syi M. Kellosrg to Charles Schlesslnger, $16.
000. Noa. C70-572 Sixth street, lot 25x85. with
two flats. $3000, from Mr. Mowry to Mary R.
pean. No. 2110 Flllmore street/ near Pine,
¦?., ' - dXl0 ° and one-story Improvements, • from
Michael Costello to C. "W. Moulthrop. $8000.
Southwest corner Ellis and "Webster. 37:6x
S7:6, with 'two-story frame building, stores
ana flats, from Metha'Rohe to N. Dusenberry,
*ll,110. s ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦ .¦...-.
The deal for Sutro estate properties ly
ing between First and Seventh avenues
and the Affiliated. Colleges and. the park,
which was exclusively reported some time
ago in. The Call, has finally been com
pleted.- The executors of the Sutro estate
have sold to Louis Lipman fifteen' blocks
for $300,000.; Baldwin & Howell repre
sented the purchasers. The sale waa for
cash. AboV $200,000 will be expended in
grading, etc. The executors were repre
sented by B. P. Oliver. ,.; ¦
The San- Francisco Gas Light Company
has placed in j the hands of Baldwin &
Howell for sale its holdings on, Townsend,
King and Berry streets. There are two
large properties near the Pacific Mail
dock upon which a price has been placed
at $400,000. ¦
A. Mr Speck & Co. have been succeeded
by Speck & Co., which Is incorporated
with a capital stock of $50,000. John H.
Speck and William Ede are tne principal
stockholders. The new concern has large
ly improved the premises on Market street
occupied as offices.- • •
Through Guy T. Wayman the De Val
Separator Company has leased from
Hartland Law 217, 219 and 221- Drumm
street. f of the total sum of $9350 for five
years.
The John ; Breuner Company has leased
from -the -C..-J. Behlow estate for ten
years the lot on the south line of Geary
street, 77:6 feet east from Powell, upon
which a seven-story j building - will be
erected. • , .
Auction Market.
I G. H.'Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
on Monday, \March 24, at their rooms at
14 Montgomery street. -Among the proper
ties to be offered are the following: '
Premises at the Junction of Market, Halght
and Gough streets; lot 1 in block. 4, and lot 8
in block 23, of the Market-street* H6mestead
Association; a part Of block 156- in the South
San Francisco and Kallroad Homestead - Asso
ciation; Dremlsss at - Nos.- 311, 313 * and '¦ 315
Fourth street. ¦" near Folsom; No. -622 Third
street, between 'Brannan and ¦ Bryant; -property
at ¦' i 160S and ¦ 1610 Folsom street : lot on the
south line of Jackson street,. 87:6x137:6, be
tween First -avenue and Cherry street: im
proved property at Nos. "444, 446 and 448 Chest
nut street: southwest corner of Sanchez and
Day streets: lots on . Forty-third Forty
fourth • avenues. ¦-.-¦- »
Easton, Eldridge & Co. auctioned realty
last Tuesday and- report the following
prices: : .
Northeast corner of Gough and Ellis streets,
with Improvements, $18,950; Nos. 20 and 22
Sherwood j street, with ten tenements. $6100:
lot on the south line of O'Farrell street, 163-3
feet east from Larkln etreet, 25x137:6, $7500
northeast corner of Bryant street and Stanley
place, 87:6x100 feet, with two-story house and
two' flats, $13,000; lot and house on the south
line of O'Farrell street, 87 feet ; east from
Scott street, 27x49 feet, for $2750; lot 25xS7-fl
and two-story house on the south line of Page
street, 82:6 feet east from Broderlck street,
$4300; lot on the west line of Church street
57x80 feet, 07 feet north from Twenty-sixth
street, $1850.
Buildings in Sight.
S. Koshland will build an elegant stone
residence on the property on the north
west corner of Maple and Washington
streets, which site he has just purchased
from "William Armstrong.
The four-story warehouse to be erected
for Daniel L. Randolph and "Sampsom
Tarns' oiy the west line of Spear street,
183:4. feet' south from Market street, will
cost about $60,000. : / "
W. E. Lanff will erect two buildings to
cost . $10,000 ! each upon the west ; line of
Central avenue, 100 , feet north, from
Haight street. . -• ./ • —
. W. B. Bourn will .build a three-story
brick structure on East and «. Steuart
streets, between Market and Mission
streets, for wholesale purposes, the cost
Of which will be $45,000.
A three-stbry and basement apartment
house will be placed ori the north line of
O'Farrell street, between Jones and Leav
enworth Streets, at a -cost of $16,000, by
Thomas E. Taylor/;
A' five-story and basement brick j hotel
building will be erected | on , the property
owned by, Dr. Rosenstirn on' the south
west corner of . Hyde and Sutter streets,
which has been' leased to John C. and
Bertha Levy for a term of ten years at a
total rental of 1162,000.
I. Willard Bean will expend about $20,000
In the erettion of a two-story and base
ment structure for five families on the
northwest - corner of Steiner and . Fell
streets..; >,«-¦' ¦'¦; /¦:¦.:: ;•-;-•.'". '•'.:.-¦; / \
Mrs. Julia Zwelg will expend $30,000 on
her office , building: . on the north line of
Sutter street, between Powell and Mason
streets..- '.-¦-, ¦¦¦¦¦'¦ ."¦;¦., •¦.•;., ¦;.:¦.¦ ¦ ¦ .- ¦ :
¦ It V has been decided finally ; to have
twelve stories instead of ten' in the hotel
on the old Calvary" Church site, at ; the
corner of Powell and Geary streets. The
name will be St. Francis. < : v-
News in "Army- Circles.
. The headquarters band. and Second Bat
talion tif the Tenth Infantry ¦ and 375 tm
assigned recruits sailed for Manila on' the
Hancock yesterday."-: Lery, Fields, • Vun
assigned,; died of pneumonia at the gen
eral hospital early ¦ yesterday morning
Lieutenant : R. S. ' Pike, ' Twentieth , Infan
try, •; haa been relieved from -duty Tat '.'the
Presidio and will leave for the Bast With
hls:regiment. * .•
Important Deals iri Widely Separated Locali
ties in the City Are Concluded; A
TIDE OF IMPROVEMENT
IN RE AL ESTA TE MARKET
THE SA-N.: FRANGISCCK GALL, . SUND AY, MARCH ',: 16, 1902.
34
ASSJJSEHLESTB.
¦ EVKNING3 AT S SHARP!
MATINEB SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP I
MONBAY, March 17=Fourth Week
And Crowding the House Nightly,
The Immense Hit of the Season.
THE BOSTONIAHS 1
* I * Mt^^
PAUli STEINDORFF— Musical Director.
Stage Director— FERRIS HARTMAN.
WE OFFER-
THE FINEST OPERA,
THE FINEST COMPANY,
THE FINEST PRODUCTION
NOW BEFORE THE PUBLIC
THAT'S ENOUGH, DON'T YOU THINK ?
Never fief ore at Theas
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 7Bo.
Telephone Bush 9.
Norris & Howe's
Big Shows
THIS AFTERNOON
At 2:1a.
TO-NIGHT at 8:15.
pELIGHTEp 7600 PEOPLE YESTESDAY.
k TREMENDOUS DIL
ONLY NOVELTY IN TOWN.
( BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
a^S 1510 500
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c: Children. 10c
; , Phone No. - South 720.
Belasto and Thall. Managers.
: MATINEE TO-DAT
To-night— "A COAT OP MANY COLORS."
•¦'/. To-morrow (Monday) and All Week.
Thtt Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Tear
ON AND OFF.
. It Abounds in Laughs That Ch**,-
A FUNNY SHOW-A GREAT CAST
- MATINEES SATURDAY. AND SUNI&V
Seats on Sale Six Days la A S T>
PRICES-lCc. 25c. 85^ {50? ¦£$? 75^
___; Next— "BROTHER JQm?."> ,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Dainiana Bitters
1 8 tot s^i^erVln^ 10^ 1^
The Mexican Remedy tor DlaeaseWo? ?hf vu
,,The germ burrows»into the scalp } throw-
Ing up • the 'cuticle Irr thin' scales,- called
dandruff, ;or: scurf , and digging ;at the
root of the.hair, where 1 it-saps the'ihalr's
vitality. ;• First , comes brittle' hair, then
lusterless " and \ deadlike • hair . ; then ' falling
hair, and \finallybaidnes8. ; Nine-tenthsof
the ; hair' troubles Tare 'caused 'I by, dandnifT.
v Without ;j dandruff/- j, hair .'will - grow, lux-
uriantly, , as natureV, Intended. ; "Herpi-
cide" kills V: the); dandruff "germ, «! leaving
th.€.> hair.; to' grow/unhampered, ' as ' lt'does
.with the 1 Amerlwm red mani? '. '
Germs:
Herpicide Is Death- "to Dandruff
AITOTHEB GERM DESTROYER.
KTSW/ ' ABVEBTIsiEMEiJ'TS]'
A PLAIN STATEMENT-.' "
' In September, 1896, I enlisted and was
|p^»v placed under Captain J. J. Reed, who
was commander of the Olympia, the boat
yZ&'&yj i lhat A< 3mlral Dewey used later to sucli
\^[y\ Great advantage at Manila. I was in
«£^ r ' Japan from 'April until October, 18&7, and
%tlA v/hile there became ruptured, tha result
jff£j\/j\ ot an accident, . and was sent from .Toko-
k*W^^/ TVs; hatna to Mare Island and discharged for
V^ ""^IjK ">A flisability. In June, 1900, I received an
/^t v^$l^*^ Bln^^D^ appointment as mail carrier, which posi-
ii^ Air ' c WmJ^jy^ Uon 1 6tm hold - •
MicX 'sZvrJlr^ff On aCfi o un t of my rupture I have been
*^»ffi c r*£\s£' precluded from again entering In tha
w 1 \V +s£§?«i' navy, and since becoming- afflicted havo
P 1 Si^vv * \W\V P^'Vj • Eought earn^Etly for a cure that would
v ¦^vu'tSiSr '*" relieve me of this painful hindrance. My
' S^y 1 "'. 'KNX efforts were all in vain until about two
is i z*$§k H^AvJJl^Avi&^feX months ago, when I placed rnysolf under
* '¦ S^^^w iS&Mir&Zi • the care of Dr. Frank H. Wray of 26^4
eZ > \lV Kearny street. San Francisco, who is the
S^f^SsSS^v A«^2iu "i\ 'flt%\ r 'B Inventor of the "Fidelity Rupture Cure,"
'fei^Mjl which he has introduced to th'o Medical
EMYX^Ptf *v^> CyJ&sy » Profession throughout the United States,
fcvts &S*-T\fl *«¦ Epr&fg 1 and from what I have been able to leai;n,
V33*5tv\v '^Jr** 1 * many thousands of people have beon per-
• » n-.anently cured by its- means. I found
f&otW %>&2yA the treatment without pain, and followed
v» lAuit-WfT • my regular avocation, delivering: mail in
tm W'Cw^f Oakland everj- day, and in six weeks'
*FA h£sL*«/ time was able to remove my truss, and aa
/ W* P&z'/A * test « llf ted two men, whose combined
Vr%%h9mM / l weight was 380 pounds, without being 1 able-
**^3i' to produce my Rupture, • and I positively
y<^H\Sp'l believe that I am now stronger in that
%& W^ui place than ever before. .
5>--4' R'^r *' I 8ive> thls testimonial out of pure grati-
¦*+% 11® tude< hoping that It may be Instrumental
in dlrec tln* others who are similarly,
r^ t9Sfr*I afflicted to • a doctor who does . exactly as?
-j^**/f^-t^*v, agrees, and will not make a chargo
i &^Lgg&Si^j Xi^-} i } he > p erte cts a cure that is Batisfac-
' I will.be pleased to ifleet any sufferer
TTH.EX>KHirK- wruw 2I ho i care8 .Ji o:lni * ulre about this treat-
miuianeo^.oaini,
AMTJSEME1TTS.
'-'¦___ - ", ~~ " """i
> 9 ~ *
| Week Comniencirg TO 'Afternoon,
', V ¦ MARCH /6. /^';'.''." :
VAUDEVILLE
REVELATIONS!
America's Foremost Comedienne,
FANNY RIGE
Assisted by Alice Beach McComas, pre-
senting "Surprises."
HEDRIX & PRESGOTT
Refined Singers and Dancers.
ITaND MRS. SILVER
. The Originators of Illustrated Ballads.
KATHLEEN PARLOW
Tha Wonderful Child Violinist.
LES TROUBADOURS
TOULOUSIAHS
European 81ngln* Quartat.
3 DANGIN6 DAWSONS
•V" Terpslcborean Specialists.
IhT six blackbirds
Fashion Plata Colored Entertainer*.
THE BI06RAPH
Showing tha Latest Novelties.
.-.'*-•; ¦'-, Last Week of
PAUL GINQUEVALLI
Th« "World's Greatest Jussler.
. Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony, lOo:
Children. 10c, any part except reserved.
A few front Orchestra rows reserved.
60c; front rowa of Balcony reserved.
25c.
o " <;
UNION COURSING PARK
TO-DAY, I
SUNDAY - - - MARCH 16.
Notable Coursing
II Events!
OPENANB
SPECIAL STAKES
«24— NOMINATIONS— 124 f
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend sts.. 10:13 a. m..
11 a. xn.. 12 m. and 1 p. in.. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia sts. five minutes later. Returning at
4:43 v. m. and after the last course. San
Mateo Electric cars every S minutes.
. ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. INDIES FREE.
TO-NIGHT 0KS WBS * o^it.
IV M llJll 1 HATI5EX 81TTODAT.
Th« Event of the Season.
HOWARD KYLE,
And a Carefully Chosen Company of Players.
Presenting
I NATHAN HALE.
By Clydo Fitch.
Complete Scenio Production.
Correct Costumes
SEATS READY. " t
Next Week.
'"liubi DENVER EXPRgSSk**
CHUTES and zoo*
LAST DAY of the Old Chutes
fflAND FAKEWEll BILL!
Including THE .(MEAT CYCLE WBUL,
.Aquatic Sports on the lake.
—
Phon« For Seats— Park 23.
RAGING
•^^ i^^ B^^ Every Week Day-
>.^>... — . Rain or Shine.
NEW. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racea start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
,«« erry * boat leav «3 s «w> Francisco at 12 m mnA
12 =3«>. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. «£n5«iS
with, trains stopping at tho entrance to "hi
track. Last, two cars on train reserved forS
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy toiTJ
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains visf
Oakland -mole connect with San Pablo avenuo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue>cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
«o direct to the track In fifteen minutes
• Re turnings— Trains leave 'the track at 4-15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately axter tha last
race.'
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy. andMsr.
P/llJirP Desirable location,
1 CllUvw unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
slfin vice . and modern
lillU conveniences are the
* ¦ attributes that have
111*51 Tin made these two ho-
UlUlIU tels popular with
__ tourists and travel-
H AT A I C ers who visJ t San
ilUlClD Francisco.
WEEIJ1CALL
16 Pages. SI per Year
,, ATJVEBTISElCTayTS.
j Easter Garments I
% . :¦'. '. AT==r; ' / J
! Wliolesalc Prices. 1
i QOLpN GATE i
! CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE i
Our reputation for selling better made and more stylish garments g
9 -. than any other house is {growing daily. ; -T-: >^ •
| Prices Below Competition. \ |
• STYLISH PEDESTRIAN SUITS, made in shades of Oxford, •
2 { tan, brown, gray and blue, the new Eton, with silk revers, vel-- 0
S-^L vet collar and silk Hnin'sr. the hew graceful flounce skirt, richly 9
. tailor stitched ; regular value $20.00. Our Price $15.00 •
•FINE; BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT TAILOR SUITS, |
2 -revers and cuffs handsomely .velvet ; 'and satin trimmed, newest j e
O , . ¦ . cut ; skirt, fancy j trimmed and made with deep accordion pleated •
• flounce of fancy silk moreen; a strikingly stylish garment for 5
• $27.50. Our Price ?20.00 J
5 BROADCLOTH TAILOR SUITS, with fine taffeta silk^ drop . •
• ¦ skirt, triple graduating flounce, high-class tailoring; usual*" retail ©
5 price $37.50. Our Price ................. ."h ?27.5O 2
I NEWEST SPRING STYLE JACKETS -in kersey, Venetian or O
9 .cheviot, fine taffeta silk lining; full value $12.50... .......... .91O.OO •
I Novelty Silk Coats.
| Rich Silk Lining, artistic tailoring, at. ..$22.50, $25.00 and 930.00 J
| HIGH NOVELTY- SILK; GRENADINE AND ETAMINE ,C •
9 SKIRTS, most handsomely draped, in the latest mode, at.-..,.. •
» ' $20.00, $25.OO, $30.00 and ?35.00 •
J TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS. Well made. and lined, fashionable. O
5 fancy trimmed, at .............;$7.50, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 ©
• V : All extra good values. . §
f 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
»^^^o^bQ^oe^^^^o•^^^^•^•^^^^^^^o^•^^^^^o^^^^^
bU LIJ If! B I « lEADWB THIAIBI
TO-7V/GHT XZZ
Augustus Thomas' Peerless Play,
Arizona
TO-MORROW. NIMT *SA"
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Ben - Stern presents America's
GREAT EMOTIONAL ACTRUSS.
BLANCHE
First Six Nights and Saturday Matines.
Magnificent Production of the Intense Emo-
tional Play by H. J. "W. Dam.
La Madeleine
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAT
and Sunday NlKht. March 23,
The Romantic Revolutionary Drama,
Janice Meredith;
By ..Paul -Leicester Ford and E. B. Rose.
riisPEeiALMi
SALE OF SEATS .
For Llebler & Co.'s Production ot
Hall Caine's Great Play. . ¦
. ,• •' • ¦ 1 fid • ' • •;.'>" ,.'
CHRISTIAN
• . WITH . .' .' ' • • '
BDlXmRD MORGAN'
As JOHN STORM (His original role.)
Assisted By
ELSIE LESLIE a9 Glory Quayle.
OPENS THURSDAY MORNING.
March 20. at 9 o'clock.
: • ¦ ¦ ¦¦: ¦¦¦.'J ¦ - ¦
LAST MATINEB AND NIGHT OF
The House That Jack Built.
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAT)
....... ¦;¦¦-*¦¦..... EVENING. CM .-,'
- : - Return • Engagement of Cur $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE . MACDOWELL
. Supported.' by FLORENCE 8TONB, :
In a Sumptuous Production of Sardou's Great
- .- ¦; ¦.•¦ :"Play. ¦ ' . •« -. ¦ -. ¦
"CLEOFATRAi"
POPULAR ; PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
, . Good Orchestra Seat: All Matinees 25c. '
. : ; : . MATINEE". TO-DAY— 10c. 15c, 25c.
; TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
OLIVER TU/IST.
pn'ftJC "EveriingB— 10c, 15c, 1 23c, " 35c, 1 50c.
[ U-tCj. Matinees— 10c, 15c. 25c.
TO-MOP.ROW EVENlNG-^All'Next Week,
The Champion Lightweight of the Coast, -
; JIMMY BRiTT
As the Bowery Boy in the Thrllllngr Melodrama,
''THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
A Three-Round Contest Every Night— No' '*¦
- , - Advance" ln-Prlces — Secure . Seats.
fiscKeifs ThJatreJ
•¦. O'Farrell 'stl,' bet. Stockton ''and Powell. :
MATINEE THIS P. M. GOOD-BY TO-NIGHT.
• / LAST -OF THE ¦ -^
FRENCH °A\/\I|D.
• TO-MORROW (MONDAT) ) NIGHT
LIT1LE CHRISTOPHER
The funniest and the cleverest burlesque ever
¦.¦••.-. . '¦ ¦ -written. . .
• SEE . the Girls, ' the ; Spanish : Ballet.'
the Great Square of Cadis, the Midway at the
World's Fair. , .
V-f HEAR i New Songs ¦ by Lillian Coleman,-. Pllar
Morln;'. Alice ¦ Holbrobk,' Prlscllla Verne. -AUse
Kellar.: >: :'• • -¦..;-\ l - : ;u ¦¦¦-¦ ¦»..;.-: -.; : '¦'-
- : Entire ?New >and = Elegant Costumes..
¦ • Saturday, and: Sunday. . ' ,
- . Prices 25c , and . COc at .Night; « 25c : Anywhera
at Matinees; Children at Matinees 15c. -
I Dry Goods ¦'•^feggl Company, f
I Easter Garments I
g MADE RIGHT— STYLED RIGHT— PRICED RIGHT. O
• LADIES' j "»««> MAN- I
| NOVELTY K'SiSS TA/OBED |
o -SUITS L . Shape SUITS §
8 LADIES 1 MAN-TAILORED CLOTH SUITS. |
• Our perfect fitting garmsnts, the criterion of artistic elegance '•
» V have this season surpassed even their own previous recdrd— •
O are now On sale in" Eton, blouse and jacket styles at O
| $20, $25 and $30 |
| LADIES' o ri9ina i besl9ns LADIES' f
8 CLOTH and Exclusive styles CLOTH and §
f- SILK New «t Materials SILK '•
| JACKETS Medhun Mces , RAGLANS I
• ¦
o j? >*" — rr> -^- ©
J CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g
• Corcer Ceary and Stocttoa Strest3, Union Square. ONew ;York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,500. barrels;, exports, 11,160." Dull "anda
shade easier. ¦ Winter patents,' • $3;05@4'30;
winter straights.' z?. 1 ? 80@3 95 :' Minnesota - pat
ents,' $3 65@4 10; winter -extras,' r$3 10(^3 30;
Minnesota bakers',. $2 95@S 30; winter low
grade's. - $2' 00&3: 10. -'.-. : .v
WHEAT— Receipts.' 22S, 000 bushels; 'exports.
GAME— Hare, $1 23@1 50; Rabbits, $1 ; 60 for
Cottontails ' and $ltfor Brush; Gray, Geese' S3
.White: Geese." $1@1' 25 ; I Brant, : ?1@2 . per dozen ;
Honkers, i $3@4'50;»- English- Snipe,'- 'S3@3 50-
Jack- Snipe.. ?l ; 50@2.-r; ¦. ' ¦ •• '¦
' ¦ A "car ' of Eastern . Poultry was received /yes
terday, - but i was held : for , to-morrow's ¦' market.
This ~ was '. the -' fifth car - received , during ' the
past % week." -¦ • Local .' Poultry ;• waa In -light re
ceipt and the market cleaned up well.
: Game ? continues : dull '. and t neglected. Re
ceipts were (55 sks/ 1 --¦ • ' •.-. •;. .
: POULTRY— Live . Turkeys, ' J 3@14c for Gob
blers ' and -15<g>16c " for; Hens; ' Geese/ per pair.
$1-5O®1 75;"GoSHngs, $2 2502 50; Ducks $5@
5 60 for old and $ 6 60@8 for young ; Hens, $4 50
©5 : 50 ; - ' young "- Roosters; r ' , ?6@7 ; ¦ old ' . Roos
ters,"'$4-25@4 50;-Fryers, J5@5 60; .Broilers,
$1 60@6 ' .-•• for "s large - ; and " $3@4 f for * small ;
Pigeons,"' $1' 50 'per .dozen for :old : and"?2 753
3. for. Squabs. ' ; ' k : '¦¦'¦"¦ : ¦¦.-'¦¦¦,
Poultry and Game.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Rhubarb and Peas from bay points ; were not
received in time for,! the early morning trade
and as a result the market was weak\and did
not 'clean up.' Asparagus was lower • under
heavier ' receipts, . but . continued ¦ to bring fair
prices, as. the demand .for. Eastern shipping
absorbed the bulk of the . receipts.
Receipts were 273 boxes Asparagus,^ 318 Rhu
barb and 74 . sacks" Peas. Outside of . 34 sacks
i'eas ' very few .Vegetables 'came to hand • from
Los Angeles, and these .sold at easier prices.
Los Angeles Tomatoes have been accumulating
and are weak.
. POTATOES—^$1 20@l 30 for Eurbanks from
the river; Oregon Burbanks. " $1 35@1 70; Ore
eon Garnet Chiles, $1 3501 50; River •. Reda.
il 50@l 60; 'Early Rose, for seed, $l!60@l-7i>
email Burbanks, for seed, $1 20@l 40; Sweets,
$1- SO for Merceds. '.'¦'•- ••-- '_*••'
;• ONIONS— Oregons. S2@2 25 1 for the best "and
$1 75@2 • for lower . grades ; , Australian, $3 50©
8 75; Green Onions, 60@60c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, .';.: extra fancy,
20@21c per lb,'>15@17%c for No. 1 and'7@
12%c for NO. 2; Rhubarb, $1@2 25 per box;
Green Peas,' from :. Los Angeles, 4@6c; ¦ Bay
Peas, 5@6c: String Beans,' from Los Angeles,
, Including Wax ;,;¦ Cabbage," 40c . per . ctl ;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, ¦ 75c@$l 25 ' per box and
$l@l'5O per 'crate;, Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@
?1 25 "per box for repacked: Dried' Peppers,
10©llc per lb; Los'Angele3 do, 13@17%c; Dried
Okra,* '.-¦ 12%@20c pe? lb; ' Carrots, ¦ 35@50c per
Hack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 60 per dozen;
Garlic, '1%@2%c;' Los -Angeles Green Peppers,
• ; -Mexican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant- from Los
Angeles,' — — : Summer Squash from Los Ange
les — '¦ — ; r Marrowfat Squash," $10@15 per-ton;
Hubbard ' Squash, • $10® 16; : Mushrooms, '; nominal.
" The , Onion market was ¦ reported steady.
Fancy stock Is firm and active, while the de
mand for poorer grades Is less brisk. Austra
lians were offering. freely. at easier prices.
The feeling in Potatoes was firm. There were
no Origons in first hands and the receipts from
the ' rrver were light. ,The steamer due from
Oregon to-day • will : bring moderate Supplies.
New Potatoes from Decoto sold at 5c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegeta,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, March 15.— There was very
llttl« activity Ehon-n In trade In stocks to-day
citing to the complicated situation of the mar
ket. During the morning; there was a latent
dread that the back 'statement would reveal
the narrow margin of. the surplus entirely wiped
out. There was no urgent pressure to sell,
but prices sagged, except for a few special
clocks. After the publication of the state
ment there was a recovery In prices, but the
demand was listless and unimportant and the
market closed dull and only barely .steady at
some concessions from the. rally. .There has
been so evidence in the stock market of liqui
dation to anything- like the extent- of ;tne loan
contraction repotted In the statement. This
Is undoubtedly due to tha fact that the loan
obligations hare been shifted rather than paid.
It Is known that part cf them have been shift
ed to foreigners through the exchange market
and it is believed that the trust companies
have beeen large lenders, drawing on their
deposits with the banks for the purpose. *The
email disturbance caused In th« money znarket
by this extensive shifting of loans encourages
the hepe that future requirements will" be met
with eltntlar ease. It la expected also that the
Government bond redemption yesterday and
to-flay will &!I be reflected In next week's bank
statement, minus the deposits for transfer to
h « e J°' Ume S f t* 8 "^ in bonds has some
what -decreased, but prices have been well
maintained for the most part. .
. United States new 4s coupon declined U t h«
|£X£ we a ek athe ° M4Sand
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
AtcnfsoT fa H^
AtchUon pfd 800 96% l)6K »(tu?
EaiJT r o e h,o ; p?d h :?: :iw lw * T
Chesapeake & Ohio ,¦ 100 '^45% 45% ««
Chi & Alton...... 500 SO S5^ 35s?
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 75 75 74 it
Chi Ind & Louis... 800 B2t4 C2tt &>&
Chi Ind & Louis pf 200 7D 7a rsn
Chi & Eastern III ,^2^
Chi & Gt Western. 900 ZV-A 2i" 24"
Chi&GtWApfd. 100 88 S3 87%
<nil&GtWBpfd .... %{*
Chi & Northwest.. 2,300 231 228^4 2:50 : 'i
Chi R I Sc. Pac 5,200 173 1CS 172
Chi Term & Tran. 200 18% 18% 18
Chi Term & Tr pfd 400 34% 34U Slli
C C C & 6t Louis. . -.... .... 100
Colorado Southern- 5,200 27% 20«l 27%4
Colo South 1st pfd*. 1,300. 71% 71 71
Colo South 2d pfd. 4,200 43% 41% 42%
Dd & Hudson..:.. 200 170% 170% 170%
Del Lack & West :. 278
Den & Rio Grande. 200 43% 43 w 439k
Den & R G pfd... 200 01% »1 oiu
Erie 2,600 ' 3«Vi ' "35% 36%
Erie 1st pfd..;.... 800 67% 67% «7%
Erie 2d pfd 400. 53% 63U 53%
Gt Northern pfd... «K) 186% 186%* 186H
Hocking Valley 600 70% 70Vi 70%
Hockir.g Val pfd.. - 200 86% 8fi% S6%
Hlinols Central &00 140 139% 140
Iowa Central 1,100 49% 48% 4!).
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 82. $0% £1%
Lake Erie & West. ,700 07 67 -60%
L E & Western pfd .... 130
Louis & Na»h COO 104% 103% 101
Manhattan Elevat.. 15.500 134% 135% 134U
Met Street Ry..... 2,400 167% 1GG>6 107Vi
Mexican -Central... 3,400 S0% 23% 80%
Mexlcarf National.. 1,500 20 19% 20-
Mlr.n & St Louis.. 100 110 110. 110
Missouri Pacific... 14,000 100%- 98% 100%
Mo Kan & Texas.., ..:.. 24%
Mo Kan & T«x pfd 100 63% 53% .53%
New Jersey Central' ....:. ..:.;, i.\ . 1S8
New TOrk Central. 1,800 102% 1<T2H 102%
Norfolk & Wtestcrn e00 --6614 CG94 BC*
Norf & West pfd 00%
Ontario & West... 700 32% 32% 32%
Penneylvanla ...... 3,000 151% 150% 161
Reading •• ,7,500 r»5 04% f C4%
Reading let pfd... 1.600 81 80% 80%
Reading 2d pfd 3.S00 C6% 66% 06%
Rt L & San Fran.. 300 61 60% OOli
St L & S F 1st pfd . 82
8t L * S F 2d Tfd BOO 72 • 72 71%
6t Louis BW,....'. -400- '27 2G% £6*2
Bt Louis SW pfd.. C.300 C9% 68 . 69%
St Paul .„... ; 8,800 164% 163%^164%
st Paul pfd...:.:.. ..... — •.... ioo
Southern Pacific... 4,100 04% 04U ' C»%
Southern Railway.. 13,000 3X% S2% ' 32%
Southern ny pfd.. 8,200 - 97% 90% 96%
Texas & Pacific. ... 200' 89% M'Z 39?5
Tol St L & W. 700 22% 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. . 400. 40 30=1 S0*i
Union Pacific .... s 2,800 89>4 os% 09%
Union Peciflc pfd.. - 300 S6% Sd'A RS-A
Wabash.... 600 23% 23V4 23U
Wabaah pfd 400 42% 42% 42%
W.& L Erie 600 19% 19% 19%
W&LB2dpfd.. 200 31% , 81% siu
Wlnconnln Cen.... 8,000 23 i 21% ?>u,
Wisconsin Oftn pfd. ' 800 43% \ 43% 43%"
Express Companies — '
Adams ... .\.'... .... 200
American ... ..... 100 .233 233; 2.10
United States .... ! .... ..:. no'
Wells Fargo ....V. ...'.' ...; - 10y
Miscellaneous — ,?sffM|
AmalK Copper ....• 400 65% "C5 05
Am Car & Found. '3.400 82 • 31% 31 ti
Am Car ie F pfd.. 3,100 -89% • SSH4 89%
;BEANS^-Bayos, $2 40@2 60; Small White.
$2 75@3; Large White, $2 40@2 75; "Pea. $3 50
©4; Plr.k,' $2@2 20; Red. $2 25@2 50; Black
eye, $4@4 15; Llmas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys.
&H 50®4 per ctl. . • . . .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard. $3 25®3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 5C;
Canmy. 3%c for Eastern ; Alfalfa from • Utah,
ioy.@llc; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1?*©
2%c; Hemp,' 3%c per Ib..' ,
¦ DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
' The market for .Beans' remains the same,
colored being firm and white weak. Seeds con
tinue dull. ' . ¦ .
Beans and Seeds.
I* : CANNED FRUITS— The Fruit '' Grower gives
the following figures of the packs in this State
for; the past, two years: v
peg*,iiwi#Baasagg 1001. 1000.
Apricots., cases ;.' .291.146 637 001
.Free Peaches, . cases 556,100 444 847
Cling. Peaches',; cases...... 799,888 .' , A(Z>1'>\
Pears, case* Vri^T7TT7r^45a>706B|Sr-61l'2i7
Tomutoes. cases .. ......... 685,733 610.502
" SUGAR— The. Western, Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as ' follows, per pound, ln-100-lb
bags: •Cubes,; A" Crushed ' and Fine Crushed
4.60c : * Powdered, ' : 4.35c ; ' Candy ' :. Granulated,
«.35c;,I)ry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated,^ 4 23c-
Beet * " Granulated ¦¦ '(100-lb : bags only), none *
Confectioners' -'A,* 4.25c;" Magnolia A, 3 85c*
Extra / C. , 3.75c; Golden iC,\ 8.65c; ; "D "
3.65c; barrels,. 10c more; half-barrels, 25o more
boxes, 60c more; «50-lb bags, 10c more, : for all
kinds. : Domlnos— rHalfrbarrels, ; 4.75c; boxes
6c ; per lb.' No , order . taken . for less than 73
barrels. -or its equivalent. ;-'•*.-
•COAL OIL — Water White Coal OIL In bulk
13%c; Pearl 'Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. - 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocens,
22o; deodorized stove Gasoline, tin bulk. 16c; In
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c; Se-c'egree Gaaollne, in; bulk, 20c; m
cases, 26%c. . " ~,t.
TURPENTINE-^^c per gallon in cases and
61c |n ' drums and : iron \ barrels. *
OIL— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure,- $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
7 tic; raw, 74c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 64c for. raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter atraine'd, barrels, ,85c; cases.' 00c-
China Nut; 57%@68o per ¦ gallon; pure Neats
foot.'in barrels, ,70c ; cases, i 75c; Sperm, pure,
(J5c;Wh'ale Oil, natural white, 40050c per gal
lon; Fish % Oil, barrels,. 42%o; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon -and
68%c for Australian. -
COAL— Wellington, ?9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. . $8 60;
Co-operative Wallsend, 4 $8 60; Cumberland, $12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg,- ; "Welsh Anthracite, • $14;
Cannel, ' $11 - per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand. : ' .•¦;.: -
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentln, 5.53c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece
Tw!ne, .7%@8c . , -
General Merchandise.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 60@2 75 per
head, or 6%©6c per lb live weight; yearlings
4V4©5c per lb. ¦
HOGS— Live .-Hogs, 200 lbs and under 6©
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@5%c; feeders, 5%c;
go-ws, 20 per cent oft ; boars, . 30 per cent off
and stags, 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. • . :
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock 1 delivered at San Francisco, lesa 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle :
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7V>c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. '
CALVES— 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes. 3%®4c per
lb (gross weight), r. ¦
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: "
- BEEF — C%@7%c for Steers" and 6®7c per lb
for • Cows.
- VEAL — Large, 7%.@8%c; small, 8%®9%c per
pound. ••.-'..''
MUTTON— Wethers. 939%c; Ewes, 8®9c per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10@llc. per lb; Spring
Lamb. 14@15c per lb. ; . .
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. Supplies of all kinds are moderate, but the
high prices and the Lenten season operate to
cut down the demand, and quotations ehow
no further change.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during; the past week
wer» $26,752,228. against $21,77D,eO6 durtnr
the Mine week last year.
Weather Report. '
(J20th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Marc| 15—6 p. m.
The following «re th« n«-a*o«al rainfalls to
date, aa compared with those of not date
last Maaoa, aad rainfalls tn last twenty-four
boars; _.
Last 24 This La»t
Btatlon»— • Hours. Reason. Beanon.
rurek* 0.10 31.72 40.13
Red Bluff............ 0.00 27.78 22.17
FacramKMo 0.00 16.15 17. 18
Pan Francisco 0.00 16. C2 18.78
Fresno 0.00 6.83 10.28
Independence 0.00 — 4.04 6.81-
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.00 1».W» 27.62
Los Angeles 0.00 ».37 14.10
Ban Diego q.qq 4.64 8.W
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 47; mean, M.
The following maximum and minimum tem
perature* were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 10-32 Kansas City 64-40
Cincinnati 5W-44 Omaha ..64-23
Philadelphia. 64-36 Chicago 64-40
Washington Oe-'SS Duluth 60-36
Jacksonville <;s-. r ,K St. Louis 02-52
New York 64-34 Salt Lake City.. .32-22
THE COAST RECORD.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
country west of the liocky Mountains. The
temperature has risen over California and
Kevada. Lirht to heavy frosts occurred Sat
urday morning, but It Is thought ho damage
enrued.
Fair weather prevails over California and
"Nevada.
In the great valleys of California, the tem
perature remains normal.
Forecast roafie at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 16. J902:
Northern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly \rlnds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday; Mrht northerly winds.
San Francisco • and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
light northerly winds. ¦
ALEXANDER O. McADIK. ,
- Forecast • Of ficlal.
/v LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March May. July, i
Opening 6 1% 6 % tl
Closing ........ .Y...;.. C 1% «% / 6
PAPIS ""^
Whea\ — ." March. ¦ May-Aug.
Opening .....2135 22 15
Closing 21 50. 22 35
Flour — *
Opening .'. '...;.. 26 15 27 30
Closing ..20 35 . 27 40
Eastern Livestock Market. ' \
CHICAGO. ..:>
CHICAGO. March 15— CATTLE— Receipts. !
200. Nominal.^. Good to prime steers, . $(J 50@ I
7; poor to", medium, ?4 25@C 30; stockers anil j
feeders,^ $2 50@5; cows,- $1 25@5 25; heifers, !
$2 5005 00; banners. $l'25@2 25; buHs,'$2 50® i
4 75; calves. $3©0 50; Texas fed steers. $4 75 i
¦©¦o. : --.Vv.' ¦¦¦-.¦ ¦"' - ; " ¦ '¦ ¦ /i
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 27,000; Monday, 44,
000; left over, 4500. Market 6c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $0@6 40; good to ' choice heavy, ¦¦
$6 30©0 45; rough heavy,' $6©0 25; light, $5 90
@0 16;> bulk, of ¦sales, $0 10@U 30. , . |
SHEEP— Receipts, S00O. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to 'choice wethers, $4 75@5 25"
fair to -choice .- mixed, •" $;i 75@4 40; Western
sheep and yearlings, $4 75@>5 C5; native lambs.
$4@(i 65; Western lambs, $5 25@6 65.
. ST.'JOSEPH.; .
ST. JOSEPH.- Mo., March 15.— CATTLE— '
Receipts, - ' 200. Steady. Natives, $5@6 76;
Cows and heifers, $1 5C@5 75; stockers and feed
ers, $2 50@5 25. : ' ! ¦,
HOGS— Receipts, C600.' Market 5@10c lower.
Light and light mlxed,$5 00®0 25; medium and
heavy. $<5 1O@6 40; pigs, $3@3 90.
- SHEEP — Receipts/ none: .
¦ - ¦- - ¦¦ -.'O . ~.
¦ New Y^ork Cotton Market.-
NEW, .YORK. March 15.— Cotton closed net
unchanged to 4 points ¦ lower. ..
New .'York 'Metal 'Market.
]' NEW - YORK. March 15.— To-day's metal
market was quiet and there was no Important
change in rrlces.' • > v i«
, TIN— Was fairly" steady, with spot quoted at
$26@27 30. ' Some .weak . spots ,,-were developed
this week, owing to lack of • speculative demand
and the small demand for actual tin. ; > ,
f COPPER — Was moderately active • but about
steady and . unchanged. •¦ Lake , was quoted at
12%©12%c; electrorytic at 12%c and casting at
12c. ..' •¦. . . ¦ ¦¦¦ :¦ : ';', ¦ f." ¦. . s - ' ¦ -. . ¦
LEAD-^Ruled steady and unchanged at '4%c
, SPELTER— Was flrm . after a good advance
on the wfek, closing to-day, at $4 35. / ¦•
; IRON— Ruled steady but quiet.
Exports and' Imports. ¦'.¦
¦; NEW V YORK, March 1 15.— -Exports i of ; specie
from this port! to all'contrles for this week ag
gregated . $763,084 ' In : silver and $47,200 '. gold ' '
,; The imports of specie this week -were $207,200
gold and $1778 silver. , ,
¦ ' The , imports •• of - dry N goods . and merchandise
nt the port of New,York this week were valued
at 811,941, C8»-jSSSgggSteSS^B
\ . - London i Wool- Sales.
.' LONDON, ., March , 15.— At , the wool auction
sales 14, 800 bales .were offered. ' Crossbreds were
; flrm ' and i Merinos and scou reds were " In "sellers'
favor."- Lambs' wool : sola i more 'freely at 5 per
c«:nt/advance.*,There<- have been 53,000' bales
offered, . of . which 25, 000 • were withdrawn. The
offerliigs for. next week number.76,000- bales.',
Foreign ¦Markets.
".••: LONDON. 1 March >. 15.— Consols, '¦' 84 3-16. Sil
ver.' 24 13-16d. -, ¦ French rentes, ' lOlf ; 22%c', Car
goes -on imssage,* heavy I and ! depressed ; No.' • 1
Standard California, 30s; English country.mar
kets,> quiet. " "¦ - . -, . ,
,. LONDON, . March 16.— Hops : (Paciflo . Coast)
-'firm, r £3 10s@£4 Is." ,; • . - ;¦ . . :¦-¦ ¦
'-¦ LIVERPOOL," March' ; 15.— WHEAT— Quiet •
No.;xl. 'Standard .California, L 6s 3%d@6s 4d
;TvhPat:In Paris,;qulet; ; flour. in-Paria,- quiet.' ¦¦: .-
COTTON— Uplands.^4 3-16^ - ? r
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S: jobbing,
$28 60@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21r Corn Meal,
$31@32; Cracked Corn. ¦ $31 C0@32 50; Mixed
Feed $16@17 50: Cottonseed' Meal. $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $10012 50; Wheat and Oat, $9
@12; Oat, $8!3U; Alfalfa, $S011; Clover,^$7G)
0; Volunteer, ?6 C0@9; Stock, $0@8 60 per ton.
STRAW —^0@65c per bale.
Bran, Middlings and Hay continue weak, . but
prices show no change. .. Hay dealers make
concessions, however, to' close buyers. ¦
BRAN— ?15®15 60 ; per ton. •
MIDDLINGS— $19020 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
On the Produce • Exchange to-day the butte
narket was steady; creameries, l8J?25%c; dal
•ies, 184j23e. , Cheese, firm, ll@12»ic. Eggi
steady, lresh 14%@14%c.
HOPS— ll@I2c tor fair and 12%@14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17%c fcr shipment. HRBtl
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about l%c under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steere, 10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 8©8%c;
Cow Hides. Oc for heavy and 8c for light-
Stags, C%c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. i>c;
Salted Calf. 10c r Dry Hides, -16c; Culls. 14c:
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15&3OC each; shore
Wool, 3O&6UC each; medium. 60075c; long
Wool, S0c&$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@:i for large and $2 25&<2 60 for medium, $1 75
©2 for >mall and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for medium, $1
4fl -5 tor small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins
— Summer or red. skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c-; medium, 35c. » . N ' »
TALLOW — No. 1 rendared, 5t5®6o per lb-
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 3@3%c. I
WOOL— Nominal.
There will probably be sufficient new Spring
Wcol selling this week to establish quotations.
The clip is coming in on a bare market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
8 76, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 60;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
liU'A 60 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $30
2 60.' . ' . •'¦¦'¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the. trade: Graham
Flour, -S3 per -100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 23;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Grouts,*$5; Hominy,
J.4&4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 80; Farina, $4 60; • Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®8S5;
In sacks, $6 60®8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles— . . . ,. Receipts. , Shipments.
Klour, Imrrnls .......... 21. «o«> •¦ • -tt.OOO
Wheat, bushels ......... 55,000 ¦ ' 19,000
Corn, busheli .......... 82,000 23,000
Oats, bushels ..07,000 101,000
Rye, bushel* .......... 20,000
Barley, bushels ....... 40,000 11,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
winter patents $3 80@4; straights, $3 2003 70:
clears, *3®3 40; spring specials; $4; patents,
$3 2503 70; straights, $2 80^3 10; No. 3 spring
wheat, 73%«jr74%c; No. 2 red, 81<#83%c; No. 2
yellow corn,> 61 Vic; No. 2 oats, 47@47y«c; No. 2
white, 45%c; No. 3 white, 4fl@47c; No. 2 ry«.
r>7©57%c; fair to choice malting barley, 620
«5c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 08; No. 1 Northwestern
$1 72; prime timothy seed, $6 65; mess pork,
per bbl, $15 30® 15 35; lard, per 100 lbs,
*".» .",2' / iftfi;;. r ); short rlba sides (loose), $8 30^
6 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%ifi>74ic;
short clear sides (boxed),. $3 65@8 75; whisky,
basla of high wine*, $1 30.. - ,- .
SATURDAY, March 15—12 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
"UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Auk.
At qr coup... 112Vill2% 4s qr c (new)139%130%
4a qr reg 111%111% 3s qr coup... 108% 100 > /t
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76%10.1 Oc SS Co 5».101%102V4
Bay CFC Ca.107 103 Ombus C 6s. 131 — .
Cal-st Cs 116% — Pac G Im 4s &5% — ',
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk&C H 6s. 107 r
Ed L&P 6s.. — — Pk&O R «s.H7 120 .
Fer&C H 6b. 116 — ' Pwl-st R 69.117 —
Geary-st 6s.. — — Sac EOR 5a. 95% 97
H C&S 5%S. — — SF & SJV5s.l23%124%
Do 6s 90% — Sierra CaI6«.105%110
L An: R 5s. 121 — S P of A 6a '
LALCo5s. — — (1909) ....113%-^..
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% — *•
Do gtd 6s. — 106% S P of Cal 6a »!
L A &. V 5S.102 104 (1909)Sr A.109%10911
Do lcm 5s. 102% — (1905)Sr B.110 110&
Mkt-st C 6s. 128% — (1006) ....112% —"
Do lcm 69.110% — (1912) 122%122«
N R of C 68.111% — S P of Cal 1st v
Do 6a 123%123% e gatd 5s. 120 — V
N Pac C 83.108% — Do stmpd.111% — f.
N Cal R 5a.ll2% — SP Br Cal6s.l40 — :'•*¦
Oak Gaa 6s. 115 — S V "Wat 6s.lll 1«4
Oak Tm Cs.122% — Do 4s lOrwiOSti
Do 1st c5s.lll%112% Do4s 3dm. 101% — ?
Oak W G 53.102 — Stkn G&E6s.lO2 104 ;,?
WATER STOCKS. \X
Contra Costa 77 78 tPort Costa.. 63% 6a I-
Marin Co.... 67 — | Spring Val.. — 9Z%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.. 2% — Pac Light... 46 * J
Eqt G L Co. £% STi Sac E G&RC 25 81
Mutual ...../— 5 s F O & E. 43 45%
,O G L & H. 67 58 S F G L Co. 6% — "
Pac G Imp.. 38 39% Stktn Q & E 8 — f\
INSURANCE. '¦
Fir em's Fnd.257 275 I i
BANKS. ;
Anglo-Cal .. 88% — L P & A.... 165 170 r?
.Calirornia ..422 — .. Mer Ex Oiq). 1»% —C?
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Natlonl.137% — Ci
First Nationl — —
• SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1975 2260 ' Eav & Loan. 100 M
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.327% — :
Mutual Sav. 78 82 Union Trust. 2200'''
S F Sav U..515 — . %
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14%o for extra light and 15c for au gar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%«Jl3c; Califor
nia Hams. 11%!&12Uc; Mess Beef. $9 60010
per barrel: extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family.
$11 r.0Ujl2; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 60&23; Mesa. $ IS DO'S 10; Smoked Beef.
13%®l4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@llo for pure; half barrel*,
pure, U%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%o;
a-lb tin*. 11 %c.
- COTTOLENB — On» ¦ half-barrel. &%c; three
half-barrels 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tireces,
U%c; live tierces, 9%c per lb.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. says: "Provisions are dull and unchanged.
Receipts of hogs 55,000, against 30,000 last
year. The market is quiet and haa the sup
port , of confident buying by x prominent people
and local packing interests. Cash demand is
slow, however, and receipts of hogs keep large
and we think in time must have their effect
upon prices. Shipments of meats were 1.4.V1,
000 pounds, against '1,914,000 pounds last year.
Lard 654,000 pounds, against 274,000 pound*.
Pork 409 barrels, against 937 barrels."
Business continues dull at the familiar
prices. ¦ ';'.-i 1 '- -
Provisions.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week wara
36,134 shares, valued at $21,282. the leading
sales being as follows: Four,. 3100 shares;
Home, 2505; Independence. 1000; Petroleum
Center, 11.C50; Reed. 2925: Occidental, 2300*
Lion. 2C0O; Sterling, 2650; Monarch, 1000; Sov
ereign, 3800.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday.]
Four Oil, lc. or $3000;. Contra Costa Water,
regular monthlv, 42c per share, amounting to
$20,500 02; Port Costa Water Company, regular
monthly, 30c per share, amounting to j $1500:
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company, regu
lar monthly, 25c psr share, amounting to
$7500; Presidio Railway Company, regular
monthly, 20c per share, amounting to $2000."
The Little Standard Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 10c. delinquent April 12. .
The usual Saturday dullness prevailed on tha
Bond Exchange and the only change was an
advance in Oceanic Steamship to $40 SO. This
stock has been hardening for some days. Tha
oil stocks remained without change.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.'
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 13. %
Flour, qr ska... 12.105) Potatoes, sgs .. TtSO*
Wheat, ctls 185.15:^ Beans, ska' 0»;
Barley, ctls «,.:o<; Quicksilver, flsk. '¦¦ .".".
Oats, ctw r>5 Leather, rolls. .... ~«»-
Corn." ctla 10<! Sugar, ctls - C80
Rye, ctla 2S5 Lime, bbls " l^J
Middlings, ales.. t>47 Raisins, bxa.... l,C(jl '
Bran, ska ...... 413 Wine, gals .59.80(1
Hay. tons 817 Hides, no....... Se^
Straw, tons ....¦ 20 Pelta. bdls IX I
Wool, ski ISOiTallow. ctls.... -2«
Figs are scaice and higher, and other fruits
are firm.
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@llc for Royals and
10@13c for standard' to fancy Moorparics;
Evaporated Apples. -8@0c: ¦ sun dried 5o'
Peaches'. 6V4@S%c: Pears. C@9c; Plums, pitted'
5@6c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@ec
for red and 5%@6c for white; Fig3 4U,e fnr
black and 5%@«c for white. «>•»«• *"«¦
PRUNES— 1W)1 crop are quoted as follows '
30-40's; U@0%c; 40-50's. 4%@5%c; 50-eo-s 4L
<b)i%c; 60-70*3, 3%@4i,4c; 7O-8O"s, 3%®3%c: so
'jo-s, 2%@3%c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb. *
¦ RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown. 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%o for 4-crown and
&%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c"
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7©
8VjC for bleached. Clusters— ImDerials, $3- De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers
SI 25©1 35. - ¦ . . '
NUTS^— Chestnuts, ll@12c: Walnuts. No 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2 r 8@S%c; No. 1 hardshell
yc; No. 2,: 7c: Almonds. 10%@12c for paper
shell, »©10c for softshell and 6<gl7o for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12S12y.c;. Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, 11©13c-
Cocoaniits, j $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%@12c for bright and 10©
12c for lieht amber; water white .extracted. 5fra
Cc; light amber extracted. "4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The quantity of gallon Tomatoes Is but litt?«
short of the pack of 1900. .
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Con*,
pany announce the arrival of their second
cargo of new fish from Alaska this season. ..%
Am Linseed Oil .. 1,800 25 24^ 24%
Am L Oil'Dfd ... 100. 56 -56 56.:
Am Smelting & R. • lOO 46% 46% - 46%
Am, i Smelt & R . pfd . . . . ' nS%
Anaconda Mln Co. 500 31 %\ 31 31 i
Brooklyn Rap.Tran 3,900 65% . &i% - 64%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 2,000 95% '9394.94%:
consolidated Gas .. 9,800 223% 221 Vj 223%
'-on -Tobacco • pfd. V • 800 117V4 -117. . 110&
general Electric .. 1.200 307 305 .307
'.'lucose Sugar .... .... .... ......41/
; {locking Coal ..... 100 16# 16}$ : 16/
! ntern Paper ..... B00 20% 20%' 20 !£
: intern Paper pfd ....-74
: Intern Power .:.~r' 400 89 - 88% 88i£
Laclede Gas ...... .... .... 90
National BIscuif.. 1,400 49% 49%
National Lead ... 2,200 19% 19% 19%
JSorth- American'.. 600 104" 103 103
Pacific Coast ...... .... .... .... «73 ¦
Pacific Mall C00 47% ; 47%'-47%
People's Gas ..... \ 300 100% 100% . 100 1£
.Pressed Steel Car. . 200 40% , 40% : 40% '-
Pressed S Car pfd. 400 83% -'. 83% -''83%'
Pullman Pal Car. 100 . 234- 234' 230
Republic Steel -..-. 1,200 17%' 17% ' 17% !
Republic Steel pfd. 8,100 74 73 '73%
Sugar ... 9,500:126 124%. ,126 -
£enn Coal & Iron. 900 68% 67% .68%
Union Bag & P Co. ..J! .... 15%
Union B&PCpfd .... .. .77%
US Leather ..... 3,800 .11% 11% 11%
US Leather pfd.. 800 81 81 . 81
U-SRubber " . ' 1514
U S Rubber pfd... ...i " .66
y. I Steel ; 6,800 42% 42% ' 42%
US Steel pfd ... 16,700 95% 95 95vl
Western • Union ... 100 90% \ 90% > 90%
Amer Loco ......... 500 31%" 31%^ 31%
Amer LOco pfd ..; 100 93 93 . : »2%
Total sales .261,506
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS. .
U S ref 2s reg...lO9 L & N Unl 4s.... 102%
U S ref 2s coup.. 109% Mexican Cent 4s/,83
U I f« «* 109% Mex Cent 1st inc.Vi%
U S 3s coup 100% Mlnn & st L 4s.. 163%
U S new.4s reg.,139 Mo. Kan & T 4s. 90%
Vr f "fj}* 3 coup. 139% Mo, K & T 2ds.'. 81%
V. £ ° ld fs reg...Ul- n Y Cent lsts... 103%
U S old 4s coup.. 113 NYC gen 3%s..l08
U S 5s reg.......i0G ; N J Cent gen 5s.. 139
USB s coup...... 100 N Pacific 4s..... 105%
Atchison gen 4S..105* N- PaMflc 3s....: 74%
Atchison adj 4s.. 93% N & W con 4s... 103%
i a » *<5 1 ° 4s -- 1 ° 4 :}». Reading gen 4s... 09',,
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 95% S L & I M con r 5s.ll8%
B & O conv-46...1(H>V J S L & S F 4a... . 98%'
Canada So 2ds...lO7* i St L Swstrn lsts. 90%
Cent of Ga 5s. ...110% St L Swsti-n 2ds.. S0%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 78% S A & A P 4s... 91
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7% So Pacific 4s..... 94%
Chgo & Alt 3%s. 84% So Railway 5s.... 121%
C, B,& Q new 4s. 95% Tex & Pac lsts.120%
C,M'& S P gen 4s.ll4>/. T. St L & W 4s. 85 "
C & NW con 7s.. 137% Union Pacific 4s. .105% :
C R I & Pac 4s. 112% U P conv 4s. ....106 -
C.C.C& S Lgen 43.104 Wabash lsts 118Vi
Chgo Term 4s 88% Wabash 2ds. .. ...110%
Colo & So 4s 94% Wabash deb B... 75%
Den & Rio G 4s.. 102% West Shore 4a 113,
Erie prior lien 4s. 99V. W & L E 4s...... 91%
Erie cen 4s 87% Wis Centtrsil 4s.'. 90
F VT & D C sts..H3% Cons Tob 4s 66%
Hocking Val 4%s.lOS%'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 30 Little Chief ...... 11
Alice- 40 Ontario 7 75
Breece 50 Ophir O'i
Brunswick Con.... 08 Phoenix ..'... 0«
Cometock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi 08
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage . . : 05
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver. .1 40 Small Hopes 60
Iron SiU-er 73 SUndard 3 25
Ltadville Con 05
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— US Steel pfd.... 95%
.Call loans .;.... 3%<gH Westinghs Com... 96%
Time loans 4@>4»«i Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 21
Atchison 4s 102Vi Aliouez .......... 3%
Gas lsts 85% Amalgamated ... 65
Mexican Cent 4s. 81 Baltic 45
N E Gas & Coke. 69 Blngham ........ 23%
1 Railroads— Calumc-t & Hecla.6Q0 i
Atchison 75% Centennial ..:... i»%
AtchUon pfd .... 06% Copper Range.... «S
Boston & Albany. 204 Dominion Coal... 105
Boelcn &. Maine. 194% Ftanklln ; 12%
Boston Elevated.. 107 Isle Itoyale 17V.
NY. N H & H..214 Mohawk 33%
Fltchburg pfd... .147 Old Dominion 10%
Union Pacific •• ;.. 99% O«cedla 01%
Mexican Central.. 29% Parrot 30
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 130 I
Am Sugar. 120 Banta Fe Copper. 3%
Am Ruirar pfd... 117 Tamarack ...:... 1«5
Am Tel & Tel.... 107 Trl mountain ..... 05
Pom Iron &. Steel. 40% Trinity 13%
General Electrlc v 30C United States... . 17%
Mast Electric... 3/J% Utah 22
Mara Klec pfd... 07 Victoria ...•. 6%
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Wlnona 1%
Unlt«d Fruit .0.1 Wolverine 60
V S, Steel 42% . '
;;:-A. X/3NDONrCLOSING STOCKS. ¦"
Con».t4r money.. 04 *|M K "& Texas... 24%
Com for account. 01% Do pfd 53%
Anaconda 6% N Y Central ....107
Atchison 77% Norf & 4 V/e«t ... 68
Do Pfd »» Do pfd 02%
Bait & Ohio ....108' Ontario & West.. 'KJ%
Canadian /Pac ...110% Southern Hy .... 33%
Ches & Ohio .... 40% Do pfd ........ $»8yl
Chi O W 25 Southern Pac 60%
Chi M & St P. ...107% Union Pacific ...101%
Denver & R G ... 44 Do pfd 80G
D u pfd ........ 03% U S Steel 44
Erie 36% Do pfd 07%
Do 1st pfd 68% Wabash 24
Do 2d Dfd 55 Do pfd 43%
Illinois Central ..143 Spanish 4s ...... 76%
Louis & Nash ..106%
Bar silver,* quiet, 24 13-16d per ounce. Money
2%@3 rer cent. , The rate of discount in the
open market for ehort bills: Is 2% oer cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
• ** - 1 _- - •
London Market.
NEW YORK, March 15. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was • steady and dull, with
the tone heavy. The condition of Cecil Rhodes
is regarded as hopeless and the Lloyds are'
charring sixty guineas on his life for three
months. • There was one small failure to-day
The bank balance of a recent suicide proves
to have been 27b Od, I and he was long on many
thousand shares of . stock.
American stocks reflected parity. Southern
Railroad , was hard on the dividend action and
New York bid for United States Steel ami
Union Pacific.
Copper wo a firmer In the expectation of fa
vorable statistics at the next fortnightly re
port.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— To-day's state
ment of the, treasury balance in the. general
.fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows : Available
cash balance, $175,091; 562;, .gold, $94,03S,133.'
Associated Banks' Statement.
'NEW YORK, March 15.— The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day shows: ..- ; , • . .,
Loans, $920,730,100; decrease, $14,320,000
•Deposits, $984,370,000; decrease, $21296 700
Circulation, $31,497,90Gj£ Increase, $161,300
Legal tenders. $70,O14.1»00; decrease, S&ll 100
Specie. $179,100,900; decrease, $5,338,600
. Reserves, $249,205,400; decrease, $6,109 700
iTleserye required, 5240,092,500; decrease,
Surplus, $3,112,900; decrease, $845,525 •
NEW YORK. March 15.— The Financier
says: The statement of the New York Asso
ciated Banks this . week . showed a loss of
$8,169,700 cash, of which '$5,338,600 consisted
of eoecle and $831,100 legal tinders. This
amount Is about equal to that which was esti
mated ¦ from the traceable movement of money
during the week resultinff from the Treasury
operations, | transfers .to- San Francisco, export
of gold March 8and other Items, of lo«s less
th« averase of the extraordinary bond ' payi
ments on Friday^and the gain to- the banks
from new gold. The statement was made uoon
rising averages for cash. <he- payments for un
matured bonds on Friday and Saturday havine
amounted to $4,049,374. The loans were^ re
duced by $14,372,000. This was partly due to
calls in aomeof the banks whose reserves
were low and also to the quite general absence
of offerings of loans , on the Stock Exchange
by the downtown institutions. Though the
trust comDanles met the greater part of the
demand for loansjjflurlns the week,' .their opera
tions were not reflected in the statement -The
payment on Saturday by • the National* Citv
Bank of about,- $21; 500, 000 for dividend* 01
Standard Oil and Consolidated will this -week
release funds which, were accumulated for the
purpose of dividends and< tend- to relieve in
some degree . the tension In monetary condi
tions. . : The . deposits decreased - $21 296 700
which amount Is but $750,000 more than' the
total 'Of the loss of loans ' and of cash. Here
tofore the statement was harmonious. • The re
duction of; $5,324,175 in:. reserve requirement*
in great part offset the loss of cash; bo, that
•the curolus . reserve decreased • only SS45 - tn
$3,112,900. against $10,002,600 at ; the T' corre
sponding, date a year '&kq;;: The fact 1 that the
above noted reductions in'surplus was smaller
than was expected, and also that the cash was
made' upon rising • averages, as above noted,
tends to relieve apprehension ' of ' money ten
sion during this week. . ;
"For the more Important articles In the list
there is noted to-d*y & fairly steady buying
Interest, end some addition to the firmness -al
ready reported on both prunes and apricots is
observed. ¦ In the former «ize* 40s to 50s and
60s to 60s claim the most attention and show
a 'finade' stronger tone, with 6%c to 7c quoted
on Santa CUra fruit In 25-lb boxes for the
first and 6'4c to e\t,c on the latter. Outside
Xrult *n both «lzes 1* etill reported available
at 6%c for 40s and 6c for 5Os, and old fruit
at a shade tinder, according to teller and qual
ity. The larger size is reported in compara
tively light stock and a further advance on
Iteet offerings is not Improbable. The remain
ing sizes fhow a moderate interest down to
the very email fruit. In the latter there is
reported more interest, with business pending
in a large way, the basis of negotiations being
withheld. In Jobbing quantities the market for
120s and up ie quoted at 3c In bags. Coast
edvices continue to note a more active situa
tion on both new and old fruit for export and
Interior account. On new Santa Clara the
cuast view is on the 3»Ac four-size oasis for 40s
to 60s, 60s to 70s and 70s to 80s, and 3^c
four-eize basis on r>Os to 60s, 80s to 90s and
fids to 100s. A report that a further concen
tration of stocks of new fruit has taken place
has not received confirmation here so~far as
U known. In apricots the market continues
active and iirm. Peaches are in fair request
and steady. Pears are scarce and • the j viewb
of holders strong. In raisins the spot market
for eeeded Is steady. We hear of no impor
tant movement, but a fair Jobbing trade is
reported. Sales, according to holder, are re
ported at from SVic to S%c for choice and 8%c
to 8%c for fancy In 16-ounce cartons. Some
holders of fancy coa£t eeeded quote up to 9c,
but we hear of no Important business at that
figure. Loose raisins are practically un
changed. Valencia layers are held at from
7 He to 7%c and a. fair business Is noted. In
currants the market continues fairly steady,
but we bear cf no Important movement. Un
deaned Amallas are quoted as to holder at
from 6ttc to 5%e In barrels. Figs are In fair
¦hape, but we hear of no Important business.
In nuts epot Naples ¦walnuts are very firm
and reported In light stock. Shelled almonds
ar« firm and a moderate Interest Is reported
through the list."
Mall advices from New York say.:
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
But undoubtedly the principal ground for the
confidence In the money outlook lies In the
fact that the largest borrower? are the great
«!,£?? a v d ,^. bank ! n? 'nteregts whose, great
syndicate holdings in securities give them a
vital Interest in maintaining the tranquillity
of the money market conditions. A feature of
the week has been the interruption of the out
go of gold by export This was due to bor
rowing money In foreign markets through Uie
medium of the exchange market. The ex
change bills offered in the market represent
either extension of loans coming due to forelen
borrowers or new borrowings abroad as the
0 *,^ 1 "^ 1 " 0^ 1 "i"^ a&aIn8t merchandise
exports had been insignificant. The rise Jn
money rates here has relaxed the foreign pres
sure for repayment of loans and has "nvu'd
the extension of credits. This process leaves
re m 4 e e t nt in I tle th futu 0 r e ! lSn mar^
, The character of the market Is much the
same this week as for some time past. The
great mass of securities comprised in the great
railway systems of the country have laid inert
In contrast with their conspicuous leadership
of the market in times of genuine speculative
activity. The Important Industrials have not
Been so notably neglected. These securities
are more Influenced by causes individual to
them and to the trades with which' they are
concerned and less by general conditions of a
financial or Industrial character than are the
flocks of representative railroads. « They are
likely, therefore, to be resorted to for a spec
ulative medium In times of dullness and
apathy by the. speculative public. But the
feature of the week's market, as for some
time past, has been the spasmodic movements
ai L. 'PUTts of activity in many obscure stocks
which are seldom traded in on the Stock Ex
change. Most of these movements have only
vague or conflicting explanations and the sud
den ., activity is likely to be followed by as
sudden a neglect and with sudden and wide
relapses in priees. These phenomena are the
clear evidences of the artificial and manipula
tive character of the movements. Speculative
pools are formed and an accumulation made
of the stock picked for the movement. This
buying in itself raises the price. A rising price
is the sure attraction for others to buy. accord-
Ing to the law of human tendencies. The accu
mulation by the pool has reduced the. floating
•upply of the stock market and thus facilitated
the bidding of prices against the newly de
veloped outside demand. : The pool is then
thrown upon its best resources of skill and
manipulation to feed this new demand with
sufficient moderation and keep the price sus
tained at a point to yield it a profit: After
that the stock may fall back into a new period
of oblivion.. This his been the history of many
of the recent movements in the stock market.
The seasonable dullness in the general specu
lation is due to obvious causes and the general
acquiescence In it is Illustrated by the large
number of absentees from Wall street among
the figures that are influential in affairs there.
This Is *o marked as to make it difficult to se
cure quorums for directors' meetings, more
than one of which ha a therefore been passed.
The pending litigation against the Northern
Securities Company Ik to be constantly borne
m . JJI. understanding the present stock
market. The admonitory attitude of the In
terstate Commerce Commission toward the
railroads at a result' of recent investigations
by the commlwlon and admission* by the of
ncer» of railroad* have been disturbing in
fluence. The dissolution of aeveral organiza
tion* has led I to iom« disturbance and nominal
change. In freight rat*>«. This Is an unfall-
I-LSIV" 1 " ? f "n«at1neM to bolder* of railroad
¦ecurnie*. In spite of the great progress of
the recent pan toward community of Interest
among railroad properties. The usual *le
menu of doubt among the fpeeulatom al«o h'tve
oeen In force. The money market situation la
the most Important of these elements. The
usual spring . loan expansion has fully kept
pace with the reflux of reserves to New York
after the winter holidays, so that the question
of rtadjuitmrnt of loans to "meet the inroad*
upon the cash ren#rv*g of the banks is of full
force. Th!» readjustment hat been going on
this week and has carried the rates for mon»y
to a higher level, but the market has thus far
escaped any notable disturbance in »pita of the
heavy caeh withdrawals and the very narrow
proportion* of the surplus reserves. The
equanimity of the market is helped by the
•mall outstanding commitments on the stock
market with money • borrowed on call
San Francisco, which are approximately 1 ilf
the amount of the bond redemptions. \he
electrical companies, the local gas companies.
Rock Island and Missouri Pacific were notably
strong In the day's market, while some seoent
favorites were, under pressure of realizing
CHICAGO. March . 15.— Wheat ruled 'a shade
higher to-day. The opening was strong on
predictions of a cold wave descending on the
Western^ and Southwestern wheat States and
on the cable list, which was very steady com
pared to yesterday's local -decline. Much of
the firmness was due to the fact that yester
day's heavy liquidation 'and stop-loss settle
ments had left the market bare of any. pres
sure. The coarse grains felt the "weather situ
ation also and helped buoy wheat. Kansas was
still sending in crop damage .reports and
shorts who had a profit in sight covered. 'As"
not | much ( wheat was offered prices" advanced
May opened %@%c higher at 75y*@75%c and
reacted to 75%@75'4c. On the higher prices
considerable long stuff was thrown overboard
Considering this, though the gains were small
and there was a momentary dip to 74%c the
closing tone was remarkably firm. Commis
sion houses were the best buyers. At one time
it appeared that It was only selling by longs
%"lJwe V r e! at e 75Vc? -" """^ Wclosfd
Corn was quiet, but ruled firm. May closed
firm. %c up., at 62%@.62%c. May closed
¦45%®45%c! d firm \- May Cl ° Sed a up at
Provisions were very dull. May Dork and
lard closed a shade down and ribs unchanged
The leading futures, ranged aa Tfon"^^
jf\_ I will sell on March 15. at 1140 ¦ rvif
>-•> Folsom St.. 11 a. m., my entire v?5
stock of 10 express and peddling wagons", '*«3
sui-reys, 7 business buKSCies, 2 camp wasjns, 3
carts. 1 Shetland oony and cart, 40 sets of
single and double harness. y
informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, 7914 c. ¦
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular- Session — December — 2000
ctls, 79>/tC.
' OATS Previous prices rule, with a quiet
market. Grays. $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@
145; Surprise, $1 40® 1 "45; black, $1 12¥><y
1 22^. for feed and ?1 22Vs@l 32% for seed;
red. *1 30@l 42% per ctl.
CORN — The Chicago letter of- Bolton. de
Ruyter & Co. says: "Primary receipts 107.000
bushels, againm 025,000 laat year; shipments
1(53,000, against 284,000. Clearances 78,000.
Market Is dull and firm, with almost no move
ment from fanners' hands and sufficient de
mand to reduce stocks, and prices in south-
We«t markets and interior points relatively bet
ter than here. ' The market is without selling
Pr Large Yellow, $1 3£©1 CO; small round do,
$1 8501 50; white, $1 S5^1 40 per ctl.
ItYK— Quoted at 05c@fl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal -Session— 9:15 o'clock — May — 1000
ctls, $1 12%;.. December— 2000, $109%; 2000,
$1 09%.
Second Session — No sales. •-•
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 12%: 4000, 51 127i- .
BARLEY — There is no change to report. The
feeling is steady. Business hi futures has re
lapEed into dullness. ' • ¦
Feed, 93%@ I J5o for No. 1 and 90@92%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 96%c
@§1; Chevalier, 93c@l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were weak, but
Paris futures were higher. . — -¦
The Chicago advices of M. Blum & Co. said:
"Market * firmer on' cables, 'continued unfavor
able crop ' reports ' from the Southwest and the
oversold condition of the pit. The timid shorts
having covered, however, .the market again be
came ' weak. . Crop reports are very conflicting,
and there is not sufficient speculation to main
tain an advance. A Mineapolis mill sold 40,000
barrels flour yesterday."
The weekly letter of Bolton,' de.Ruyter &
Co. said: -^'Market here very quiet and fairly
steady. The relative firmness of the cables was
a disappointment to local bears and prospect of
a change: to much ' colder weather throughout
the winter wheat belt also checked to some ex
.tent the selling. Conditions of supply and de
mand are not at the moment very bearish. De
cline here has brought us upon an export basis
and foreigners have been fair buyers of wheat
in" this, market for the past two .days. . ) Our
advices from ¦ Pacific Coast are, : surplus wheat
in that ' quarter* has been pretty largely ex
hausted by the export demand of the last two
months.'. ¦ Argentine shipments are small and
European wants we think likely will have to
be more largely supplied from the Atlantic
Coast. ¦' On the other hand, with .the exception
of relatively 7 1 unimportant territory in the
Southwest; conditions for 'the growing crop
seem favorable • and the acreage is very large.;
This creates a' very bearish feeling among a
large and influential class of local professional
speculators. Visible supply is likely to show
"a fair decrease on ; Monday. . Northwest
minis report a much better demand for flour."
This market was steady, with somewhat
higher futures. Freights were quoted still
weaker at 22s 6d, and this decline in freights
helps Wheat. Y
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $111%; milling,
$1 12y.@l-15 per ctl.
Wheat and Other^Grains*.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 sofflo
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50(B2 75
for fancy; Extra Fancy, $3; Seedlings. $1 50@
1 75: Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
$1 50@2 in half boxes; Malta Bloods. $1 25<f»
1 50 v in half boxes; Lemons, 75e@$i tor
common and $1 2501 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 50 for tacny; Grape Fruit, $2'n'3- Mexi
can Limes, $6J>7; Bananas, $2@2 75 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25©1 75 for Hawaiian -
Pineapples, $3<&4 per dozen. . . '
. APPLES— $2@2 25 per box. for txtra, $125®
1 75 for good ¦ to choice and 60c@$l ror ordi
nary. • ...... .
.Oranges continue to meet with a steady de
mand and_hlgh prices still rule. Reports from
the eoutlTsay that picking is and
receipts in this market will be heavier from
now on. Three cars were received In the open
market yesterday and 6 are announced for to
morrow's auction.* Offerings of Malta Blood
Oranges are of a poor quality and sell slowiy.
The other. Fruits showed no change worthy
of note. - . ¦ ¦ ... ,.
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days r .... — $486.
Sterling Cables, sight. ..... . — 4 88%
Sterling Cables .......:......... — 4 8954
New York Exchange, sight — OS-
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0714
Silver, per ounce.;....-.- .;. — •? 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal ..'.¦..... — -45^4
Exchange and Bullion.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer and Wheat freights ivcaka.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Hay, Bran and Middlings weak. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in good supply.
Dried Fruits firm, and Figs higher.
Provisions dull at previous quotations. ] ¦ ¦:
New spring Wool coming .in on a bare market.
Meats in moderate supply and firm.
Potatoes firm, Onions steady and spring Vegetables weak.
Poultry well cleaned' up. Game neglected.
Oranges in good demand and steady.
J^cekly bank clearings show the usual gain.
'summary of] the markets.
EGGS-yRanch, 16c for selected large and
14%@15}£c for good to choice; store, 13ii@14c
per dozen-.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26@26%c per pound for
fancy, 25c for firsts and 22%®24c for seconds;
dairy. 2C<fKJ4c: store Butter. 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 9% @10^o; old, 9311c;
Young America,' S@loc; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound. ¦
Receipts were 46,900 pounds. 3 tuba of But
ter, 3100 lbs of Eastern Butter, • 178S cases of
Eggs, 5400 pounds' of ' California Cheese, —
pounds of Oregon Cheese and " — : — poun33 of
Eastern Cheese. . - •
Eggs show no further fluctuation. There are
plenty on the market and the disposition ' is to
sell. Receipts continue large. Any further
advance would probably shut off the demand
for cold storage, and also that for local con
sumption. Besides, dealers say that they have
hard work to keep down their stocks at present
prices as it is. . ¦ .
Weak prices and 'accumulating stocks char
acterize • the Cheese market. The ; Exchange re
duced Us quotation for choice : mild new to
0%s making - this grade l^c under ¦ the top
price for old. * . ' ¦'• *"• ' • '
: THe Butter- market " continues -weak; with
buying still of r a hand-to-mouth character.
Some Eastern was received yesterday. Deal
ers" are expecting a further decline ' shortly J
Butter, Cheese and ' Eggs.
V; Northern Wheat Market. -
.. • , OREGON. ¦¦:'¦'¦":. .¦-.-.¦
PORTLAND/ March .15.— Wheat — Walla
Walla, 04^@65c; bluestenv 66066 &c; valley,"
C5&C5%c. . -..••.• • . .
-WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 15.— Wheat steady but
nominal. - Bluestem, 6Cc; club. 65c.
Northern' Business:.
PORTLAND, March 15.— Clearings, $305,969 ;
balances, $62,990. : ; • / -
TACOMA: March 15.— Clearings, $168,465;
balances, $47,782. ....
SPOKANE, .March 15.— Clearings, $219,787;
balances, $46,494. .¦ -¦-.•¦ ,. •.?¦¦
SEATTLB. March ; 15.— Clearings, $476,333;
balances, $55,006. "
39,330. Spot, steady ; :, No". 2 . red, • 81c elevator
and 84c afloat: No. • 1 Northern' Duluth, &3%c
f. ati. afloat; > No. ; 1 hard - Manitoba.. 87Vio
f o. b, r afloat. ,* For ¦ a ¦ time ; after * the ¦ opening
wheat was ¦ strengthened by the coia>wave
Treat,: but setting ¦ no support except from
shorts It reacted a little before midday. A
Blight rally near the close left ¦ the market
steady at 9Jc net advance. ' March closed' at
80%c; May.. S0Ti@81i/ic,v. closed 81%o; July.
8tHig«l%c, ¦ closed 81%c; September, closed
80%c ¦ . .. :-'.,.• i .
• HOPS — Steady. ¦ State, - common',' to -good,'
choice 1001- crop, '14$£@18c; Pacific Coast, 1901
crop, 10%@l8c. • .^- '.,.,¦ ¦¦-¦-,-•; '
HIDES — Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds.
19C. . ;.¦•:' ¦-- ¦¦ . . -: ' ,
WOOL — Steady. Domestic . fleece/ 26<@i29c. -
•COFFEE— Spot Rio, .steady; No. 7. invoice,
5%c; -mild, quiet; ¦ Cordova, > 8@12c. - Futures
closed | steady, . net unchanged to - . 5 ' points
higher. Total sales." 6250 hags, 1 including:
March, $5 15; May.- $5 35; June, $5 40- July,
55 50: August,' $5 65 ;• September, $5 50-.Octo
ber. $5 75; December, ?5 90; January,. $5 95(SC.
SUGAR— Raw, firm;, fair reflning,; 2 29-32c;
centrifugal, WJ test, 3 13-16c; molasses sugar
2 13-32c ; refined. • steady ; i No. 7, • 4 . 10c ; No 8
4c; No. 9. 3.95c: No. 10, 3.00c; No. 11, 3.80c;
No.. 12. 3.80c; No. 13. 3.75c; No. 14, 3.75c;
standard A. 4.65c; confectioners' A, ; 4.55o:
mold A, 5.10c: cut loaf. 5.25c; crushed : 5 25c*
powdered, 4.S5c; granulated, *4.75e; cubes, 5c.
DRIED : FRUITS.
; The movement of , evaporated "apples ' show3
no improvement, but with the supply of prime
to fancy grades limited prices for these quali
ties are firm. Old apples are , easy and ' In
active. State, common to good, 7®8«c- prime"
9©« J 4c; choice. 9%<3>10c: fancy, 10»I@ilc.
. In California dried fruits prunes continue to
show firmness and activity. - -
PRUNES— 3#@7c. : ,
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%'
PEACHfiS— Peeled, 14@l8c; unpeeled. *8@
THE S AST 16, ;1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS. '
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thlrty-HTine.
35
Articles— Open. High
Wheat, -No. 2 — ¦ .-'
May J 75%.\. 75%
July :... .76% 761/4
September V. 75% ' 759i
Corn, No. 2— - *
May C2% . 62%
July 62% G2Vi
September .. 00% co»/ 2
Oats. No. 2—
May ..:. 44% 45%
July • 36% 36U
September . . 30% 30%
i Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 45 15 50
July 15 60 15 60
Lard, Der 100 lbs— ¦
May ¦. .... , ' ..f.
July 0 50' 9 52Vi
September .. 9 60 9 62%
Short Ribs, per "100 lbs—
May 8 40 8 42VS
July 8 50 -8 C2V."
September . , 8 B5 8 C5
Low.
74%,.
¦ 75%
75%
62% ;
.01%
60 • . ¦
' ' «%
36
soy*
15 42%
15 55 -
9*50 j .
9 60
8 40
8 CO
8 62%
Close.
75%
75%
. 75%
62%
61^
GOYi
45%
SCVi
30%
15 45
15 53
» 40
0 50
9 62%
8 42%
8 52%
8 65
STATIONS.
o.
o
3
o
a
t
2 K o
££ £= <3
3§" 33 s£
? ? :
33
• a
Astoria 30.34
Baker 30. SO
D»r«on... 30.20
Eureka 30.38
Fresno 30.20
FTtrstaff 29.92
Pacatello. Ida.S0.22
[ndependence-.30.O4
Los Angeles. . .30.04
Phoenix 29. »4
Portland SO. 32
Bed Bluff SO. 22
Hoseburg 30. .16
Sacramento. . .30.28
Salt L*ke 30.20
San Francleco.30.24
B. L. OblEpo...30.14
Ban Diego SO. 01
Seattle 30.30
Spokane 30. 23
Keah Bay «K}.28
Walla Walla. .30.23
Wlnnenmcca. .30.18
Tuma 29.08
48 3(0 S
»0 22 E
4S 2 MV
Vi 38 N
60 40 N
4'» 26 W
28 20 SE
CO 42 N
C4 42 W
70 40 "W
-*S 34- B
64 4^ W
4S 34 NE
60 40 NW
S2 22 SW
60 44 W
04 42 N
CS 44 N"W
44 34 BE
38 28 • S\V
42 34 F,
44 28 S
42 SO NW
74 44 W
Cloudy .O6
Snow T,
Pt. CIdy T.
Clear .10
Clear .00
Clear .00
6now .14
Clear .00
Clear ¦ . .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .10
Cigar • .00
Cloudy .02
Clear . .00
Clear .03
Clear .00
Clear .03
Clear .00
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .08
Rain .23
ClOUfljr T.
Cloufljr .00
Clear .00
STATIONS.
o.
o
3
o
a
t
2 K o
££ £= <3
3§" 33 s£
? ? :
33
• a
Astoria 30.34
Baker 30. SO
D»r«on... 30.20
Eureka 30.38
Fresno 30.20
FTtrstaff 29.92
Pacatello. Ida.S0.22
[ndependence-.30.O4
Los Angeles. . .30.04
Phoenix 29. »4
Portland SO. 32
Bed Bluff SO. 22
Hoseburg 30. .16
Sacramento. . .30.28
Salt L*ke 30.20
San Francleco.30.24
B. L. OblEpo...30.14
Ban Diego SO. 01
Seattle 30.30
Spokane 30. 23
Keah Bay «K}.28
Walla Walla. .30.23
Wlnnenmcca. .30.18
Tuma 29.08
48 3(0 S
»0 22 E
4S 2 MV
Vi 38 N
60 40 N
4'» 26 W
28 20 SE
CO 42 N
C4 42 W
70 40 "W
-*S 34- B
64 4^ W
4S 34 NE
60 40 NW
S2 22 SW
60 44 W
04 42 N
CS 44 N"W
44 34 BE
38 28 • S\V
42 34 F,
44 28 S
42 SO NW
74 44 W
Cloudy .O6
Snow T,
Pt. CIdy T.
Clear .10
Clear .00
Clear .00
6now .14
Clear .00
Clear ¦ . .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .10
Cigar • .00
Cloudy .02
Clear . .00
Clear .03
Clear .00
Clear .03
Clear .00
Cloudy .08
Pt Cldy .08
Rain .23
ClOUfljr T.
Cloufljr .00
Clear .00
Articles— Open. High
Wheat, -No. 2 — ¦ .-'
May J 75%.\. 75%
July :... .76% 761/4
September V. 75% ' 759i
Corn, No. 2— - *
May C2% . 62%
July 62% G2Vi
September .. 00% co»/ 2
Oats. No. 2—
May ..:. 44% 45%
July • 36% 36U
September . . 30% 30%
i Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 45 15 50
July 15 60 15 60
Lard, Der 100 lbs— ¦
May ¦. .... , ' ..f.
July 0 50' 9 52Vi
September .. 9 60 9 62%
Short Ribs, per "100 lbs—
May 8 40 8 42VS
July 8 50 -8 C2V."
September . , 8 B5 8 C5
Low.
74%,.
¦ 75%
75%
62% ;
.01%
60 • . ¦
' ' «%
36
soy*
15 42%
15 55 -
9*50 j .
9 60
8 40
8 CO
8 62%
Close.
75%
75%
. 75%
62%
61^
GOYi
45%
SCVi
30%
15 45
15 53
» 40
0 50
9 62%
8 42%
8 52%
8 65
/•'. ADVERTISE1IENTSL *%
__^_lj :: i: ..->.- ¦ . m
I PROFITABLE
I INVESTMENT
jj In Shares of v
TAGOMA '
COMPANY
| STEEL
I CORPORATION
S Some investors are selling their ¦
pj bonds and mortgages to acquire
| an interest inthis.,:bi» company ',
N while prices are low. These
|] shares are i
I 'BETTER THAN BONDS OR
I MORTGAGES i
H Because^ while equally safe, their :
ffl earning capacity will- soon. be in- '
m finitely greater.. ; S
|l The prospectus will give details.
$] Ask about our Free Excursion
|| 'to Washington and British Co-
Hj ' lumbia. A grand trip.
I The American Guaranty and
I
M HAYWARD BUILDING. I
U San Francisco - .- - -Cal.
g"g3 HUNDER Mountain
r >$M mS THE NET ELDORADO
Pm EN CENTRAL IDAHO— A com-
Eifl W-& P fete discription of the New Goid
£a£% m &&{i Fields vhich promise to tivxl the
. . ,,., T 1 Klondike is contained in ths March'
Issus of the Northwest MiningNewj. Simple
j Copy Free. -Addresa NORTHWEST MINING
j NEWS, SPOKANE, WASHINGTON, U.S. A. '
AUCTION SALES
ADCTION !_AUCTION!;
Stock of the Florjes
Hale and Company.^
By order or MRS. ANAIS HALE, admlnl'ai
tratrhe of the estate of JOSEPH P. HALE.
deceased, we will sell at auction on Friday.
March il, 1902. at 12:15 p. m., at room S2,
Chronicle buildlne. flfty-nlne thousand Bin*
hundred and ninety (59.990> shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company.- Th*
property, of the Flores Hale & Company con-
¦>lsts of four million (4.000.00U) acres of land
In Lower California. ¦ s-» ' - - * X
Terms of sale: Ten per cent on th» fall
of the hammer, the balance on conflrmatlon
of the sale by the Superior Court of tha city
and county of San Francisco. State of CallJor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale. » ; Y>| .
AIcGLYNN & ilENTON.'.
Real Estate Agents «nd Auctioneers. %
' . Chronicle Building. J>
$¦ WAIT ! M
150 HEAD OF D. MILLER'S HORSEg.*|
To Be Sold NEXT THURSDAY. March ds.
IJMJ2. • :
At 11 a. m. and 8 p. m. "¦<$•
All are found centle. broken and will b«
guaranteed *aa represented. We have testF-.
monlala from the best business houses In V\t
city as to their valus. It will pay you betttr
to rive a fair price for a good horse than to.
give a low price for a worthless animal. Ho-wea
are now on exhibition at 721 HOWARD STj:
also at 1619 MARKET ST.. near 12th. ',
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. >
' VTM. LAYNO. Auctioneer.^THE S AN ; FR^lNGISCO gC&LL, { SUpSTD A>Y, 16, 902.
36
¦ - - MEETING NOTICES. *
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. ¦ • i
. and A. M. — The officers and members
are requested to attend the funeral of TtJT
our deceased brother. EDWIN WIL- f^r '
'LIAM BUSHNELL. late a member , of Jep-
tha" Lodge No. »5. Clinton, ', Cortn., :.- THIS
DAY (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from our lodge-
room. 1839 Fillmore st. Funeral committees
of all the city lodges take notice. •• .
HAKRY BAEHR. Secretary. 1
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F.and A. •-
. M. — Officers and - members are . re- _J\_
quested to attend the funeral ; of jK3T
our • deceased • brother, HENRY A. /
STAUDE, on TUESDAY, March 18, at 1:30
p. >m. By order of the W. M.- ( ' • .
_£ H.. FORTRIEDE,': Secretary. :
FIDELITY Lods-e No. 222, I. O. \gstumeAL
O. F. — Double initiation TO-
MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN'G.
Visitora welcome. 'w«" '
. --..¦¦¦ C. L. ZEIGLER. N. G.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual , meeting of
the stockholders of the Western Sugar Re-
fining Company will be held at the office ot
the company, 327 Market et, San Francisco,
Cal., on Monday, the 31st day of March,
1902, at the hour of 12 m.,- for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1902, at 12 m. '
__ ; W. • H. HANNAM, Secretary.:
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchlnson Sugar Plan-
- tatlon Company — The regular annual meet-
ing of ' the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company ' will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market et, In
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March, 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a.* m., ' for ' the purpose ot electing ' a board
of directors . to serve for the - ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer book? will close on Friday, March 14,
1002,' at 3 o'clock p. tn. ¦¦•-..
H.W.THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California ;>ebrls Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process rrom J. M. Longnecker, in the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Genessce,
Plumas Co., to deposit tailings in .Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., In
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
¦ posit tailings in a dry swale below the mine.
gives notice that a meeting" will be held at
' room 94. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on March 24. 1902. at l:S0 p. m.
AGENTS
RELIABLE agents to sell Barton Safety Heat-
er; needed In every household; Indorsed by
leading physicians; indispensable for , sick-
room; can be used with lamps, gas or can-
dle; sells for 25c; 100 per cent profit; send
10c to cover postage on free sample. Uni-
versal Mfg. Co., 19 Barton place, Worcester,
Mass. •>.•-
WASTED TIME — If you are a flrst-class so-
licitor and wasting your' time in ' some line
not worthy of your ability and energy, come
to us forenoons. 10 to' 12. and we will show
you a proposition, the opportunities of which
are as broad as your ability. J. S. CAN-
NON, 319-320 Parrott building. - -
WE 'want agents for. our economy harness
riveter, with horse and cart: agents can
make ?200 per month selling to farmers and
rig owners; send 50c in stamps for sample
and prices. Foote Economy Co., 37 Bauchet
st, Los Anzeles, Cal. ' ;¦>,-.
WANTED — Salesmen, sal. or com., to sell "The
Merchants' Favorite • Account File," a new
time & labor-sav. device; ready seller; no
can. Ad. Fremont File & Spec. Co.. Fremont.
O., or call on L.W.Gilson. Golden West Hotel
START a mall-order business — We tell how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, etc., and place
ads in 40 different magazines on credit; par-
. tlculars free. CHICAGO SPECIALTY CO.,
134 Van Buren st.. Chicago.
AGENTS for the only successful substitute for
• a corset; particularly adapted • for slender
women; gives perfect figure without padilng.
Wright Bust Form Co., Newark, N. J.
WANTED — State, local and county managers:
salary and commission: splendid side line for
agents. Apply at once to Salubrita Phar-
macal Co., room 136 Golden West Hotel.
'ADOPTION.
SPLENDID home open for a brunette girl 2
months old and a blonde blue-eyed boy 9
months old. EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
st, Alameda. .
WANTED — For adoption, a dark-eyed boy,
between 2 and 3 years of age; good home.
Apply MRS. MEYER, 5C6 Minna st.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Prospects for the present year
with test sketch of life, by an expert prcdlc-
tlonlet; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, box 5238, Boston, Mass.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. ¦ KING, atty.. . Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damas-es. estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: lecal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 650 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. U27 Market st. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fee*;
all casts. J. M. THURSTOX. 810 Matket st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket Ft; consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Eicnange,
ALLEN Is selling Eurekarblcycies! fast^ swell-
est thing out; agency Columbia.Monarch.oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st
BIRDS. DOGS* C .T C _' '
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kind*. 1546 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children with lady .with-
out children. 36 Brady, off Market, nr. 12th.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
sunny yard;phone; nr.school. 1C07 California.
LADY wants one or two small children to
board. 217 Perry st ' - '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — WANTED— A man to take half-interest in
an old-established wood yard; present owner
been there 8 years; $600. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
A — SALOON on .city front, clearing $90 a mo'. ;
must be sold; $350. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third St.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400. In a well-
established business that will pay -him from
$150 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A CANDY store, manufacturing an£ Icecream
. parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
30 minutes from city; present owner ¦ been
there 7 -years; best of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
A — SALOON on Third st, close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
' reason celling; $2700. Rohjfs Co., 41 Third st.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market st., flne-
ly fitted' up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
SO MB bargains — McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market.
$225 — Restaurant Sc oyster house; good, cheap.
$250 — Restaurant; good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200— Saloon; $400, $600, $1200 sa-
loons. $175, $225, $500 cigar stores.
LOOK out, laundrymen!- Steam laundry; part
for sale; good chance. McBRIDE &/CO.,
7C5 Market st. ; phone Red 3433.
$175— CIGAR store,- in good condition. Me
' . BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st •:.--'
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand Investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you I to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., 318 Kearny. st. room 1.
$1000 — PARTNER .In No. 1 cash business;
clears $200 per month; genuine bargain. P.
S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st. ,
BIG sacrifice, account death: best and -most
profitable corner cigar stand in -city; always
busy; high-class cash trade; slot machines
pay rent HEDGES. 4C1 Parrott bldg.
A — 40 CIGAR stands; prices . $76 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 dally: rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES; 461-462 Parrott building.
A— SALOOXS; CO to select from $350 up
Cigar stands .225 up
Delicacy stores ." V. ."*. . . I 250 up
Groceries and bars ' 850 up
Candy factories and stores.... 1100 up
KRASKY & CO.. 1019A Market st. room 16.
CIGAR stand; nr. 3 theaters; cheap rent..*550
Cigar stands, $150, $300, $125. $200, $125;
Monday bargains. Decker & Larsen, 921 Mkt
DRUGSTORE; stock invoice $1800; barg..?20OO
Coal yard; best location; barn; horses.. 600
Fruit store; 3 living rooms; bargain... 225
Don't forget DECKER. 921 Market sf
A SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY
I°i !?fv *, cash frocerr , store onl prominent
• established-transfer corner In Oakland* ele-
0081 nearly *1000; entire rent
only $25 month: see to-day.' .-.-..«
LA YM ANCE . REAL : ESTATE CO '
460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland..
RICH gold In this State; a prospector havlnir
*?!£?.* 400 ta;rt£b- «toat wants partner with
$1500 to go with him to locate and work half-
Interest; handle own money.. For Informa-
! tlon call HAYES.. 815 Howard ety city ™7
BPSIXESS ; CHANCES— ContlPTie A. t ¦/
JOSEPH STRAUB.: - : >: - • •- :'^ : "- v.-'' ; J : :-"
•850 Market st; corner 8tockton; > •
*-'¦'.'' . . ; Telephone- Grant 1T7.
Real Estate Agent. .' ' - : ¦ . ' -•¦..¦
' ' Property Bought" and Sold.
'Rents Collected. :, •. •> »- : "' \ ¦" :.-.- ¦•¦• •
¦ - - " - ~ ' Loans Negotiated.
-'• Legitimate Business ' • •.">¦¦ '•' .
A — Oyeter : and chop house at : Presldloj ¦ owner
to leave city; a bargain at $350. . .
A— Restaurant and delicacy .store ;" doing _ fine
- business; owner sick; good location. . . , > ; ' -_•
A — Cigars, .notions and laundry' office; » rent
$18; 2 rooms In rear; price $300. . ;
A — Lodging-house; . south of Market at ; $350.
A — Grocery, on a -good corner on Mission st. ;
owner has .other business; fine place for man
and wife; price $1800. ' :
A— rGrocery and bar; on Elllsst'; good place
and cheap rent;' price $1600." ; , "
A— Grocery and bar; on Golden " Gate ' ave. ;
owner retiring, from business; price $2500.:
A— Grocery and bar; in the' Mission;, owner
cannot take . care of - the place;, rent $18;; 4
¦ rooms In rear; price $000. : " -. . , -
A— Bar and grill room; near Market st; aver-
.age receipts $50; large basement suitable for
bowling. alleys; rent $35; price $4000.
A— Half interest in a, good-paying . grocery and
bar; call and investigate. ¦ r»
A — Candy and Ice cream parlor;. good location
and good business; cwner cannot give It his
attention... .
A — Grocery, bar and cigar stand; good corner:
on Geary St.. near Kearny; long. lease; rent
-^$40; price $2500.'. ' . -., -.- -. " ;
A— Partner for an old-established and good-
paying printing business; $2500. ¦
A — Saloon, Including 2-story house and lot In
the Mlsalon; a bargain at $4000.
A — Saloon near the new. Postof flee; owner go-
ing north; price $2100. ,
A — First-class shop, with horse and wagon;
owner wants to leave city; 'good established
trade; price $850.
A— Saloon: south of Market st.f In the manu-
facturing, district: 3 living rooms upstairs;
rent $15; stable In rear; -price $275. —
$302,400—11,200 acres timber land partly, un-'
derlaid.with coal; near Coos Bay, Or.
$60,000—6000 acres Napa County pastuie land.'
$44,000—2000 acres fine. level land. Yolo Coun-
ty. Cal. .: ...- -.
$28,000 — 800 acres Glenn County; adjoins, C1-"
¦ ' • trona Cal.; would divide. ' ' -• '
$22,000 — Standing . timber estimated 50,000,000
feet; one-third sugar pine, one-third
yellow pine, one-third cedar and' flr;
located In Plumas County. Cal. "\
$18,700—1100 acres upland; good for fruit; has
.all been plowed; In Yolo County., •-
$10,200 — 17 acres in \ Frultvale, Alameda.
County. .••-.>
$9,000 — 300 acres orange and lemon land near
Porterville. Cal. :
$4.800 — 320 acres Colusa, Cal.; good oil pros-
- pects. - •
) $1,920 — 320 acres good fruit land; Lake
j County, Cal. ,
I . $750 — 15 acres mixed fruits; excellent 6-
I, year-old orchard: Yolo County Cal.
$5,500— Two buildings, two story ¦ each. 75x
40 .and 60x40; containing boiler, en-
gine, etc.; located in South San Fran-
cisco; lot 172x100; now used as glue
factory. <
$5,000 — Two-story residence and stable in
good condition; brick foundation • un-
- Crr dwelling: lot 75x160; located In
Los Gatos, Cal. '
$300 to $600 — Building lots in warm belt
' Alameda, Cal.
$650 — Building lot 25x108 In Oakland -' ; •
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Hayward building, corner California and Mont-
gomery sts., .
San Francisco, . Cal.
A—WE buy, sell' or exchange business • of any
kind; partners procured. STRAND &. CO
'209 Kearny at. . ¦ ' .
A— $350; DELICACY store; 4 rooms; rent $20;
clears $75 month. . STRAND & CO., 209
Kearny st. ¦
HEALY fc CARR, C Eddy st, San Francisco,
rooms 18 and 19; phone James 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business opportunities, city and
country real estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
FOR sale— $600; Cream City Bakery, restaurant
and lodging; the only bakery In Ferndale; no
bakery .within 20 miles; supply three other
towns with bread; ill health cause of selling;
good chance for the right party. ' Address
"Cream City Bakery," opp. Postof flee, Fern-
dale, Cal. ...' • •
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion Is the sasfest and most profitable ' ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers, 113 Stockton at.
BILLS, notes, etc., collected in all parts of the
world. Gal. Commercial Guaranty Co., 184
Crocker, building.
CAPE NOME — Owing to the pressure of other
business the owner of a rich claim, 660x1320
feet, adjoining Dexter Creek, offers rare bar-
gain; assessment work done; title perfect;
terms easy." Particulars TOMLINSON tt
CO.. 408 California st. -.
IF you ar* seeking safe and profitable ' Invest-
ment write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(Incorporated under New York State laws);
- a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
8. HAND. Secretary, 113 Stockton at. -
YOUNG or middle-aged man, with push, abil-
ity, office experience and capital, to manage
office and learn management of business; can
Invest money and become active member of
firm after thorough Investigation; • should
have at least $25.000. Box 4223, Call." • •
AN excellent Investment; . rapid- and rich re-
turns Is assured by the offer of small block
stock at $1 per share; nonassessable; In the
richest, mining camp of Nevada; this is a
sacrifice, as seller leaves for Alaska. ¦' Box
4»73. Call office. . .. . • . ; ; . ; ; ¦
20 PER cent average monthly profit each share:
dividends paid semi-monthly; shares $10
each; money returned at any time If not sat-
isfactory; send for circular. WHITE & CO
408 Beard building:. New York City. (Men-
tlon paper). . .. ,' r ¦
$5 11 PROFIT paid on each share since Decem-
- ' ber 1, 1901. If you want good paying safe In-
vestment, shares $10 each, dividends payable
every fifteen days, send for circular. STER-
¦ LING & CO.. 506 Liberty building, ;¦. N. | Y. .,
$20,000 CAPITAL wanted by firm of long stand,
ing. doing exclusively a large shipping trad©
to the East and Europe: equal share In busi-
ness as partner; highest references. H box
4490, Call office. : - '.<
FOR LEASE to a reliable- party, the WM.
TELL HOUSE; furniture for. sale. -Further
Information Inquire at 317 Bush st, room 12.
$1000— PARTNER wanted In high class dra-
matic enterprise for which advertiser ' has
valuable property; rare opportunity for clever
business man or 1 woman or ' ambitions ama-
teur. ¦ Box 4238, Call office. . ¦ » ;_ , -_ •
$500 — ACTIVE, reliable , man as partner in
business established for years; paying hand-
somely; knowledge of business easily ¦ ac-
quired; call personally. 408 California st,
room 4. • . ¦ ' . ¦•';- . , . '. .
PROPERTY free offered you; S. P. R. R. 1 tra-
verses : famous I Beaumont oil - district ; * write
: for plat map, application- blank. Texas Col-
onization Co., Deed Department, Chicago. '-.¦ .'
A BUSINESS established: Inducements; clean
living room; fine yard; 8 minutes from' cor.
Geary and Kearny north; $850; departure; no
.agents. Box 4200," Call office, v. ¦ / ¦ : •
UNEMPLOYED man .would Invest some moifcy
-where good returns could be got with services
or without Box 4206, : Call office.). .y-tsrf.Vi'-Sr
LOAN office for sale; 'doing good' business;
watch repairing pays all expenses ;• low irent;
good location. Box 4235,. Call. ...
$300^-RESTAURANT rand chophouse: first-"
claSs furniture; good location. D. McRAE,
"837 Mission st. • •', s ' -. i. ; -- • -
OLD established corner grocery store for sale ¦
? cheap.- Apply ¦ 1795 .Ellis st., cor. , Pierce. -;¦
NOW'S your chance; Roller canaries, $!,- $1 50;
singers ; ' moving 1 Monday. 918 ' Hyde st. • ¦
FOR Sale — Grocery, fruit and 'vegetable busi-
. ness; well located.' Box 3664, Call.
GOOD opening for -bakery at Wlllits. Address
A. J. BLEDSOE.' Uklah, Cal. ¦ . •.'¦-'¦•¦¦•
GENTLEMAN- or lady can reach people
with money, to Invest 'In a company owning
a mountain of ' low-grade gold-bearing ore
superior to Tread well mine of I Alaska; divi-
dends will ' run • lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish- to'. represent
or Invest in; a paying • proposition - address
.room 412. Parrott bldg:., San Francisco, Cal.
MECHANICS'- : - board 'and lodging bouse for
sale. Box. 44C0. Call.. ..-',' - _;',. ¦-¦,. . ; . ¦-.¦\. :I ¦ , ,
SALOON, corner ¦ lot, property, ¦ stock ; and fix-
.tures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL.
Paso Robles,: Cal.'-... . ,: ' - : .. .'.7 ;.'
WANTED — Either to sell or buy a small laun-
dry route. Box 4 4SO, Call. • ¦- ; --, ¦-':<
SALOON and property for: sale. Call'-- at
CAMPE CO., 221 Front St.- . ' '¦¦¦.¦>¦ <-¦,.¦- . ,-j
35 PER CENT PER MONTH v
. Earned during past five years -by -our Infal-
lible system < of 1 speculation ; dividends : paid
weekly ; : no failures: highly . Indorsed ; -partlc-
.ulars free;: mention -paper. -• HAMMOND &
.. CO.. 21 Park Row. New^York City.v ?«•. -; - . ,;
RESTAURANT— $4000; one of the': finest that
has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi-
ness man.. Address box 4180 Call office, t ,
BUSIMSSS CHANCES—^Continued. ; .
I $525^-TAILORlNa ; on Market st ; full value In.
sight; good will; cause for sale,- owner study-
>lng medicine; cheap rent O. Newton.759 Mkf
$400— SALOON : ; old ¦ established ; transfer ; cor-
' ¦ ner;. low rent;' long lease.' Call office. ¦ . .
AGENTS — Do you want something more proflt-
, able and easier to sell than books 1 or Insur-
~: ance T ¦-. F. PERSON, room 412. ¦¦ Parrott bldg.
ViLODGiNG-HOUSBS FOR SALE. ,
H.-. C- DECKER, RELIABLE : BROKER,
r -™1.. ' 1020 Market st., opposite FJf th.
;-.* Following r money makers ¦ sold on ¦ monthly
payments:- '•;. • -•'.,•. ¦>
18 - rooms ; 6th st"; ; nets- $65 .....:. i :;.... J800
12 1 rooms; Jones st. ; bargain: r.'.i.'.T.;. .••'¦ 650
r 6 rooms; $150 cash,' balance $200 monthly.:'
50 rooms; sunny corner; lease.;.'...".'.'.'. .. 3500
13 rooms; Van Ness; new furn, car.,' etc.. 1000
10. rooms; boarding house; clears $05..... 850
10' roomt;, Golden Gate ave. ; cheap:..... . 650
. 8 rooms ; Jessie gt. ; cash $200, bal $200 mo.
rooms; rent ?425;' lease; n-sw; make offer.
i0 rooms; rent $350; modern; up to date, .f 6800
100 rms.; otflces; permanent; tran.; f want ofler.
ll'rooms; Postst; rent $40.:;. ......:.• f050
'42 rooms; Ellis; new; modern; only. .....' U500
14 rooms; rent $30;, clears $50 $700
10 rooms; boarding;. newly- furnished. .
Rent $60; profits $100; offer wanted. .
Call -before buying or selling." -French spoken.
H. C. ' DECKER. : 1020 Market: phone Mint 700.
A — 10 ROOMS; good location; rent $30. . • $250
• 20 rooms; oak walnut furniture; piano.. 1475
16 rooms; 2 folding beds; new carpets. . .1250
• 20. rooms; bay windows; furniture oak.. 1BO0
18 rooms;' rent $00- good location.....'.. 1250
28 rooms; Oakland; rent $50; a bargain. 1100
• Monday bargains. .Decker & Larsen, 021 Mkt.
A— $550;. 12 ROOMS; furniture oak;. housekeep-
ing ; all ; rented ; t best ; location ; carpets good ;
must go East; bargain. DECKER & LAR-
. SEN, 021 Market st. :.. ,- ;
, 1nna ~ WINSTON & WOLF — ¦
1028 Market st 1026 • Market st.
¦ ... (Photograph 'Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor. ; new furn.; payments.. $1150
20 rooms; rent: $50; good furniture..... 1000
23 *ooms; rent $65; must sell ......;1250
¦28 rooms; corner; cheap rent 1500
29 rooms; rent $75; must sell. 1200
50 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market St.. . .(Inc.). .. .Phone Davis 281.
! Reliable dealers ' In ' rooming-houses, hotels,
.business chances and real estate.', •-
We furnish vacant houses and ¦
Loan money at lowest rates. • '
' Something new every day. :
New houses to lease. ' .
A— 75 ROOMS, near Market st. .' .$6000
22 rooms, $1300; 20 rooms,' $1400;. '58 rooms,
$2000; 11 rooms, $400; 18 \ rooms, ' money
maker, ;$1SOO; 100 others, 6 rms. to 220, J200
to'$13,000. KRASKY •& CO., 1049A Market
A — 18 ROOMS; sunny; icorner; rent $55; part
cash. Room 16, 1040A Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO., • . ~ ~~~~~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st,
' Rooms. 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us ;¦ buyers call; we can suit
you;, have bargains In hotels, lodgfng- houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A—- ¦ -¦ ¦ ¦•• ,Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-3/
¦¦•": •¦¦"¦• V -MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses atf my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call. •
HOTEL MERRITT, 60 rooms; sunny corner;
rent $100; price $2500; $1800 down; water,
. gas, fireplace. In all rooms; dining. rented for
$65 month; take' narrow' gauge. Corner.
, Twelfth." and Franklin sts., Oakland.
TO BUY. ,SELL OR EXCHANGE
CALL ON
. A.. H. RETSLOFF. Phono John 531.
. 006 Market St., corner Ellis.
A—^-NOTICE— -We j have rooming-houses, ] all
sizes and prices, in «U parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
$500^AT: a' bargain; good paying flat, 9 rms.
and. bath; rms.. light; all rented; well fur-
: nlshed; rent {SO. Address box 4485, Call.
NICELY fur. ; 17 light rms.; cheap rent; near
Stockton and Broadway. Box 4205, Call.
$1600— CENTRAL; 12 rooms; rent $86; clears
$70. Address quickly, Owner, box 4211, Call.
$18,000— ELEGANTLY furnished family hotel:
best location: -pays big profits. Box 601, Call
10 ROOMS. v including kitchen: neatly furn.;
$275. 217 Natoma st. near Third. ¦
?400 — 7-ROOM house; upstairs pays expenses;
yard; rent ?25. . 37. Van Ness ave.
FOR : SALE— House of 10 rooms and furnish-
ings; cheap. • 440 First st
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V; MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl.. Sun... 8 p. m. ; BOc. ,10S4 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, .trance, bus. medium;
I life reader;" medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; w Ellla car.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing . Be-'
ance 1 p. m. Sunday, BOc. 731.26th, Oakland.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materializing Sunday
eve; fekeatlcs invited. 325 Eflla; 50 cents.
MRS. Winchester, 1610 Clay— Circle Sunday &
Wed., 8: Tues., 2 p. m.; consultation dally.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWAED EARLE, 82S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk leOl;. seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c- 1
CLAIRVOYANTS.
00c, 50c, 50c, GOc. 50 AND $1, $1, II: $1, $1
V PROF. WELLBR'S COLLEGE. --¦ -
PRT7F. WELLER, «. clairvoyant, scientific
. palmist and card reader; $2, $3, $S and '$10
readings reduced^ to BOc and $1." Tells you
all, from cradle to the grave; danger, losses,
! sickness can be averted, I disaster turned to
¦ success, despair to ; happiness, the^ troubled,
¦ dissatisfied, unfortunate should seek his aid.
and start aright ' I There Is no home so
.dreary, no' life so blighted, no heart so sad
that he cannot 1 restore happiness. | Advice on
business, speculation, . all love . and :¦ domestic
v troubles,' settles lovers'; quarrels, ' reunites
the separated,' tells whom you. will marry,
¦ how to ' win '. the man . or woman you love,.
. how to overcome all enemies; gives full se-
cret how to control or Influence. any one you
- love . or meet. - An. examination made . by
PROF. .WELLER will point out. the business.
trade or - profession - to which : nature has
adapted • you, which, If followed, ; will win.
success. Hours 9 a. ra. to s> p. m. . Readings
by mail, $1. - Send date of birth and lock of
, hair, 12 questions. 1007 »4 Market ' st, near
Sixth. San Francisco, : Cal. : •
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY..
. Ismar, the Egyptian j Gypsy, ' draws aside tha
uncertain years ahead ; happiness ¦ and success '
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind.* discontented,: unhappy: or. not satis-
fied in life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame, and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands : of . homes made
happy by her aid. and advice; Ismar, can be
consulted daily from 10 a. .m. to 5 p.m., Sun-
days from. 10 to 12 a. tn., at her office. 1148
Market st.', opposite ' Sixth; -—¦:.: ».'
SPECIAL— Owing ; to a large number of ; in-
quiries from country persons, .Ismar wishes'. to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as 1 in person;. readings by mall
$2; send Jockof hair, date and ¦ year »of birth.
MME.'M. BERNARD. *; I '
¦ :' ¦'...>¦ . THE FAMOUS * . .-.¦ .;,'.'...¦.¦
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third : st., ,- next . Examiner • bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present' hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In -the fu-
ture.y. If v you are. In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life,, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and ' you will be told , how, to . overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up;:, satisfaction ; guaranteed. ¦ Tel.'. Black -4569.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. " "¦' ¦' '.'•
Miss Wllle. 326A Ellis st; the : celebrated
: crystal seer and trance medium.. '.
-¦ ', ¦ WILL GIVE ,
•• Another special >' full* life reading to-day or
- Monday for 50c ; ' advice on ' all affairs of life ;
."•' bring this ad. ;¦ hours, 10 a." m. to 8 p. m. ./¦
MRS/DR, F.r CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium,, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
. 26; take elevator.- Perfect satisfaction guar-
;¦•'¦ an teed by mall; send stamp- for •-. pamphlet
with special * terms. . Daily • and ¦ Sunday. •
MME." ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, ' tells
; past,' future ; never .. falls : has ' the greatest
.. Egyptian secret; shows picture future 'hus-
'. band' or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
, everybody; open -Sun.,' 10 to 8 p. ,m. 215% 6th.
FREE ! . - •;».. FREE ! ? < T - -" -- FREE !
• PROF. • BROCKWAY, ' PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 . Ellis st, bet. Franklin .and - Gough.""
': Readings free ;between the hours of 9:30 and
.11 a. ¦ m.--. Other hours, $1. ¦¦-. /.,-¦ ,
ISMAR, ' the i Egyptian" Gypsy, . clairvoyant and
' • palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
:posite, Sixth; private readings dally.H0 a. m."
'."to B p.'m. ¦. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. ' m. - ;¦ .
A— MISS ! M." WILLE, 326A Ellis ; ; clairvoyant,
•;¦ crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
•'ques. ;- full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.,.to,8 p.m.
'MME. RAVENNA- reads Ufa fluently; business'
advice; names given;- 25c up. j 5 Fourth, st.:-.
MME. SPRENGER, clalrvoyant;»full life read-
"¦ lngB,;60c.. ilO49A Market sty room 12. . j;: : -
' MRS.,' JACQUE, 1 trance,', sittings - & palmistry
-.$1: card reading, 25c & 50c. 300 5th et.y r. 12.
1 MRS.'. LA VON. I worrderful fortune- teller; \ truth
*-: 10r.no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard,' cor. 3d.,
MRS. MALLORY, 017 Howard/clairvoyant and
;¦ .spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G.'OOc.
MME., WALTERS, great card i reader; 4a.' 25c;
'..:genta;50c.i. 051 ¦Mission, near Cth; open-Sun.
.tj'- :r? CLAIRVOyAyTS— Continwea. ' ; v *>
MMB.":'ODELL, , clairvoyant" card reader; . past,
present, future; L.' 25c, Q.': 60c.", 821% Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant; card reader; ladles
, 25c, gents 50; readings daily. 182 Sixth st i
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from : Louisiana;
: only 10c; from 1 to 8.- 262 Minna st. nr. 4th,
CARPET j BEATING^\ AlffD^LJBAMIWO.'
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
¦•¦ send to SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 4a
American Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. ; WALCOM . & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating. works; prices
; . reasonable. . 1703 Harrison ct ; tel.Mlsaion 2G3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
1 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. '
¦ J.'- E. ' MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
:. vatlng Co.. 240 14th sf; tel. Mission 74.
*.' COLLECTION OFFICES.
TOLUMmAN'Xa^wid^^ile^tlon" Agency,' 6th
1 floor, 016 Market st; advice. free, ,TeL Bush
; 104; able body of attorneys. . .
GEORGE , W. ; KELLY'S Agency— No charge
, unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
•c ¦''_>"' COTTAGES TO LET. ¦
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $8. 1 Lombard st.
& — __ DENTISTS^ ____^^
A— DR." T: S. HIGGINS, 027 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain, crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. . ,
' . Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions, or. fillings by my
wonderful secret, -painless method;. 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; -prices
cheapest and guaranteed;- lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; : teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9a. m. toOp.'m. ; Sundays,
,9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
, Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
. SON, D. P. S..; proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
, warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, SOc*
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors,' 24 Sixth st
SEE- my new pink ivory ' plates ; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
: crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr.' Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR. R.L.WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
..less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
: FulUset of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER. 46- O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st;
;: crown and bridge work; -.gas specialist.
DR.. E.. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st: expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
M' DO WELL DRESSMAKING & MILLINERY
SCHOOL— -Largest -and best conducted school
¦on -the coast; ten . years . established. We fit
t pupils for home work, to take positions or to
open, business;, cutting, • fitting, designing;
skirt draughting a specialty; millinery course
unsurpassed; corset making taught; corsets
1 to. order;- any pattern cut to measure; hats
.trimmed to order. ' 1010 Market. st .
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dogr soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
HEALD' S SCHOOL . OF^ELECTRic a£T ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.I
catalogue free. ¦..'¦' • ¦¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8. per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees ' a complete bus. . education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
.- spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new: typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited ' preparatory
school for the university, law and' medical'
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford - professor. Pheian building.'
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEIt-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship • $30; - catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School',
. associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
fler Nallltn School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Mont thorough course on coast;
beginners and college ¦ graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page .catalogue free. 305 , Larkln «t
ALL Gregg: stenographers secure positions; 14
good positions last week; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1230 Market.
LADY, nlano teacher . would like a' room fur-
nished or unfurnished in return for lessons.
Box 4489, Call. .. . .
BPANlSH,French,etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post ;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo .taught in
class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
v lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. uth.
. SHORTHAND taught by . mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments ¦ selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
• Pitman shorthand, typing, boo kkeep. ; $6 mo.
KENT Law School; day and night B54' Par-
,rott bldg., (Emporium); send for catalogue.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. ,421 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post'st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new -80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
' Call, . 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United- Statea nr Cannd& one-year for SI.
/ 4 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, , cooks
'and waiters furnished at short - notice. - Geo.
Klnoshita. 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; tcLFell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beet help. 411% O'Farrell at. ; tel. -East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Of flee, ; 415 Stock-
" ton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help...
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; . cook and
,: waiter, j 421 Post GEO.'AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese , Employment Of-'
, flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish . most
.' reliable help. - ' 524 Bush , st. ; tel. 516. , ' ¦ .- . ¦ .-
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.- Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:t»l.Black 5073.
EMPLOYMENT .WASTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED , nurse > ¦wishes 1 -\ engagements,'
surgical or confinements; reasonable;' refer-
ences given.- Call or address . Ladles' . Nurse,
• 127. Seventh st. '' ,- :•¦.-¦ ' ¦ - -.' -'¦
FRENCH lady ¦ (native) - wishes pupils ; to In-
-,. struct • in that language.'' 1204 Leavenworth
*. St.; reception ' hours 9. to 10, a. m., 7 to 8 p. m.
• WANTED — A* I position as L housekeeper . where
'" help. Is kept ;> city 'or country. ¦ Address box
.4486, .Call .office. ;:; a :: ' '. ¦' ¦¦ 1 .
WISH position as . nurse to I Invalid or elderly
{. lady; experienced. MISS ROSE, 1606% Bush.
GOOD German piano, teacher,- new,', easy
. method. ¦ desires scholars; - terms - easy." - 216
1 \ Golden; Gate ave. . . . ':-;...
NEAT young. woman wants •work by the day or
•week; .sleep, homer* Box 4203, Call office. .
A NICE girl wants a position to take care of a
¦v child from two to three years old and do some
< plain sewing; no postals. .Call at 1535 Mis-
sion at.' ¦.'¦'*¦- i't-'.i ¦",;'"....; >. ¦" :
WANTED— "-Work with a dressmaker by good
' .¦' seamstress. Box 4494; Call office, t ,':
A" FJRST-CLASS dressmaker would like a few
'< more ¦ engagements i by 1, the 'day;: old 'dresses
¦¦¦', made Into the latest styles.'."- 60S Ninth "st.
SITUATION ."wanted by middle-aged woman as
¦ housekeeper; '• no : washing; Call or address
362 Third, st" ..-.. \.. .r,:., ¦..-.. ¦".¦', a-^ :..;.,. •¦
YOUNG ; lady » wishes . position in a • first-class
; confectionery store; references. Address box
,'v 4220,7 Call . of flee. : :. ." , . '.' ¦ t , -
FIRST-CLASS German wishes position as cook
, In • first-class family. '« 2003 Folsom ' at; ¦ r l
EMPLOYMENT^-jg^TEP^^EMALB.
RESPECTABLE womax .wishes^Wjg^.g
j place . P re :
f erred: Call at 22 Page st __^
"SW-SS SSS«5S5i=rt'.K
. cialty; reference.- -247 Turk st. — ¦_
SWEDISH girl wishes ». £«£&,£. g£3~
..housework and cooking m Amen ««
wages from $20 to $25. Box 3741. Can.
COMPETENT young «W
and sewing. Address W.. t-an i"»" .
2200 Flllmore Bt: '
GERMAN woman would like i>laln»ewlnK to
do at home. ¦ 140 Fourth st. room a .
COMPETENT German ; woman jrtth-2 young
nred'appl^be^T.Vl^ggjglg^
DRESSMAKER and tailored ; good fitter and
designer: understands ber business. Box
4192. Call office. : ' "
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Marj
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 00 per nigh-. $^«»
to $6 week; convenient and respectable, ire*
bus and baggago . to ' and from wry.
WANT ads and subscriptions jakenjer The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 039 McAllister St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ***£$&&?£?-
received at Call branch office. : 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st . '
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MAfcE^
WANTED— Work for boy after school and all
day Saturday; understands work In. Dike es-
tabllshment Box 4405, Call office. .
YOUNG man,, clean worker, with some experi-
ence in painting and paper-hanging, wants
work as paper-hanger's helper. Address «.
PFLITSCH. 217 Third St. - ' "
COMPETENT machinist and erecting engineer
wants place setting up any klnd_ of b«-
chlnery: will go any place. Box 4470. Call.
YOUNG man, 30, seeks a steady position; pr»-
fers outdoor work. Box 4482. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a steady position as bar-
tender. ¦ Box ¦ 4483, Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted by watchman; best of ref-
¦ erences.. Watchman. 421 Minna at. N
YOUNG married man with excellent habits
will give $20 for a good, steady ' situation.
B. J. E.. 332 Turk St.. city. . ' ' •'_
GENTLEMAN, energetic - and executive, ten
years with the largest brewery in the South.
is open for an engagement; speaks several
, languages; willing to go to any part of the
globe. Box 4224, Call. ...
BAKER, sober, reliable, wants position; coun-
-.try shop preferred. Box 4217, Call. . .- .
YOUNG man would like position as ranch cook;
best : of references. E. E. E., box 4216. Call.
EXPERT accountant, 28 years old. desires any
kind of clerical work; 10 years in last posi-
tion; best references. -Box 4230, Call office.-
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
temperate and reliable all around florist and
gardener; single, age 35; life experience In
all branches; references; private place. Ad-
dress a. G.. box 4226. Call office.
COMPETENT young man . wishes to work
morning and evening for good room. Box
4230, Call office. \ .
YOUNG man of 27 years old of good habits
desires to have a position In wholesale
house; willing to work; speaks French; can
give best of references. Box 4236, Call.
MAN and wife wbuld like to run a boardmg-
house near school; wife good cook; man la
cooper, rough carpenter and, bridge carpen-
, ter; have two boys 10 arid 6 years old; speak
' German and English.- H.K., Melrose, Cal. .
GERMAN young man, 16 years' experience in
restaurant and hotel work. In business for
himself last 4 years, deslrea position of trust;*
willing to go to the country. Box 37S9. CaU.
STEADY young man of 12 months* shop ex-
perience wishes position aa apprentice in
barber shop; wages $5. Box 4474, Call. -
WANTED — Position on ranch by man and wife,
both young, no incumbrances; good pay.
Box 41SS. Call. - '
STRONG young man, 26, -wants position as
.fireman; wages no ' object. Address box
4481. Call office. '
COMPETENT man wishes position as station-
ary engineer; can run donkey; steady work;
'country preferred; steady; reliable. Box
4180. Call office. . . ' ' -
STEADY, reliable young German wishes po-
. sltion as assistant bartender; has experience.
Address box 4464, Call office. ¦ - ¦ . ¦
HOTEL and barman desires position hi the
country with hotel or -summer resort; refer-
ences. . Address box, 4184, Call office.'. .
SITUATION wanted by Japanese in laundry;
good experience. Address KATSU INAMI. -
935 Sacramento «t- ¦ •
: -¦,-"-" ¦ FLJLTS " WAJTrKD. ¦
FUR. flat « or 8 rooms: desirable locality tor
summer; reasonable;. no chll. Box 4186. Can
FTntUClTURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALEV-A great sacrifice: 6 rooms » a< *
bath; .modern, sunny flat, newly furnlsh»4
complete; carpets, and draperies; rent of flat
only $30. ' Call between 10 and 12 a. m., ;5a
Grove st., corner Webster.
FOR' sale — Elegant '/new' furniture, carp«tjL
. brlc-a-brac. In new flat. 135 Baker St.. near
Page,*; Monday,' 1 to . 4 o'clock, at prtvat*
1 sale by tha piece; no auction and no deaiera.
FOR sale — Flat 4 rooms and bath; newly tvf-
nlshed; Eddy. at. near Jones; rent reason-
able; party going East' Add, box 44e8. CaU.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with So. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITCRB TVAJKTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
• reasons. , WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner bids.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mlsalon st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Re,| t;^
GLOVES. ;
D & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the worli"-
'warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
. HELP WAX TEP— FEM ALg.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO. '8. .Phone Grant 185
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
" 3*mor6 waitresses, flrst-class country hotel.
free far* •••. l'^3
2 waitresses hotel, short distance J25
chambermaid to wait, country, choice place..
$20
2 waitresses, R. R. eating-house fc:o
Chambermaid to wait, plain place, coun-
try •'• '- 0
Chambermaid to wait, short distance....!^
Chambermaid, city *i:**i rvf 23
Waitress, south, on Banta F«, far* paid.. .1:0
2 waitresses. . choice place, city $30
2 waitresses, new hotel, city ;ii-' :o
30 waitresses, city and country $«0-$23
Cook, Institution, city •• $05
2 cooks small horns restaurants $30
Polisher, country laundry 130 foun*
Mangle girl, city hotel ..................$15
Cleaner, institution acrosa the bay $15
Young girl tend bell — ....$19
. .7. f. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, choice place. Oakland, $25, s«»
party here Monday, 12 noon: 8 cooks, city.
$25-$30; cook. Berkeley. $25-$30; nic« place,
house girl. Swedish or German, $30. no wash-
ing, aee lady here T...VM ••«
C. R. HANSEN 8s CO 10* Geary it
WANTED — Cook for 5 men, $29: chambermaid,
private family, $25; chambermaid, hotel. $15:
2 laundresses, $25, $30; 14 cooks, with and
without washing. $25, $30; 2 housework gfrls,
$30; 6 waitresses, family hotels, $20. $25 and
$30; waitress, San Mateo Co., $23; cook and
second girl, same house, $25, $15; ajso a larga
number of girls for housework in nic* Ameri-
can and Jewish families; places too numerous
to advertise; call .Monday. J. T. CROSETT
Sc CO.. 334 Sutter st. -
FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid. .$J50
2 second girls *'iivJo«
2 laundresses •• #30-$-5
German cook • $«5
Waitresses, hotel $30-$25
Waitresses, restaurants ..... $25-$-0
Girls for housework $25-$20
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
2 NEAT young ladies, living with parents, as
salesladies In candy store; no experience
necessary; $7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO.. 335 Geary st
STENOGRAPHERS, attention— Are yon out ot
a position? We can get positions for com-
petent stenographers who hav» a speed .of
125 words; our speed classes will perfect you:
SOc weekly. Correspondence Exchange.. 927
Market st.. rooms 301-C05.
LADIES — Something new. making- sofa pollows
home; $7 to $12 weekly; materials furnished;
no canvassing; send stamped addressed en-
velope. Household Mfg. Co., Erie at, Chicago.
WANTED by reliable business firm, 2 ladie*
and gentlemen for permanent positions; flrst-
class salary; Al references. Call after 8:39
a. m. ' Monday, room 82, Donohoe bldg.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; 3 In
family; must be good cook; reference re-
quired. 1188 Ellis st; apply from 10 to 12
a. m., Sunday. .
WANTED— Experienced lady bookkeeper.
Wanted — Experienced salesladies. Apply
southwest corner Powell and Geary sts.
Monday, between 8 and 9 a. m.
WANTED— Girl* to sew shirts; a few begin-
ners taught: steady work; good pay. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
$25 TO $35 week guarantd. : theatrical ; 5 ladles
St 3 rents; no experience necessary. Cald-
well Collega Oratory & Acting. 1327 Market.
STENOGRAPHER . and assistant bookkeeper
for the country: wages $50; answer in own
handwriting. E. L.. box 4402. Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl for wrapping and label-
¦ ing in wholesale drug house laboratory. Ad-
dress box 4231. Call office.
Al GARDENER, who understands his bust-
ness thoroughly, with 25 years . of expe-
rience and practical knowledge of all various
branches of horticulture and. art gardening,
¦who shows tht best references and diplomas,
needs situation; private place preferred. Ad.
dress LOUIS KNAUF. St. Helena, Napa
County, Cal. - '
FIRST-CLASS gardener. German, with , long
experience - In growing of flowers, ' vegetables,
. ornamental - bedding, ' greenhouses, wishes
GIRL for candy store: permanent: apply Sun-
day a. m. ROBERTS', corner ¦ Polk and
Bush sts. 1 #
A FEW mors finishers on waists; good say.
BAUER BROS.' CO.. 21 Sansome st
SEWING machine operators and apprentices.
CHESTER F. WRIGHT. S3» Market st
WANTED — A younx girl to assist in house-
work. 236 Valley; take green Mission car.
steady position; references. Gardener, box
4100. Call office.
CABINETMAKER and carpenter,' age 45.
wishes work in an institution, hotel;. any kind
' of work. Box 4436, -Call office. -
STEADY, reliable man wants position aa
- watchman and elevator man. 725 Utah »t.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants . position In
family; city or country; best references. Ad-
. - dress 400 Dupont st ; phone John 1051.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. / .
. . '- ' . . . . / ' . I3X _ CH ' AjrGE _'. n ' . ''. -
TO exchange — A fine ' city lot for upr'ght
piano. 11 City Hall square. jj
PA^i5n?IC^CJm£rwrlti^
have 42 offices In operation ; . new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; 1 stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; 'good projects. wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan ; write
> us. Pac. Statea Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
FLATS TO LET.
AN 8-rcom modern flat;-lG70 Washington st. r
near Larkln; tiled bath, electric* light.marble
sttps; water and janitor' free; $47 CO month.
BRAND-NEW sunny upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath;, modern In every respect; close to Park;
rent $3G. LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery.
FOURTEENTH, 132 A — Nicely furnished' 4-
• room- flat; on sunny tide, of >.. - street ; bath;
$25. Call Sunday or Monday, 10 to 4 p. m.
HANDSOME sunny upper and j middle flats,
. Just completed;- latest Improvements; fine
view; rent reasonable. 1351-1361 ¦ McAllister.
MODERN up .to date * flats: S natural finish,
Washington st, bet. Polk and Via Ness ave.;
-. . open to-day. . ' ...
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat, 5 rooms. 2SH
"West Mission Bt., bet. Twelfth 1 and Brady.
"WANTED —^A millinery trimmer to trim 2 or 3
evenings a week. Address box 4487. Call.
GERMAN nurse Mlna, who called several
times on Mrs. B., please call again. .
WANTED — Girl for housework tn family of
three at 2512 California «t
GIRL for general housework. Apoly 438 Bart-
lett at. bet Twcnty-flfth and Twenty-sixth.
OPERATORS on waists; good pay. BAUER
BROS.' CO., 21 Sanaon\8 st . .
SECOND girl In small family; references. Ap-
ply evenings. 2623 Stelner at . ¦ .,..•.,
WANTED— Stenographer. Hoover ' Cnlveralry
of Physical Culture. 1327 Market st.
WANTED — Musicians to play for lessons*
Hoover University of Phy. CuL, 1327 Market.
RESPECTABLE lady to help In apartment
house: light work; good home; $14. 1002 Polk.
GIRL for plain cooking and general Housework
114 Guerrero st ¦ •
WANTED-^-Flnlshers and operators on waists
JUDA BROS., 820 Market st. ¦^: : . -
WANTED — Flrst-class finisher on ladles* tall,
oring. 319 Geary st. . - ; .
WANTED— Girl for upstalra work and assist
i with grown children. 431 Peviaadero at.
GIRLS to' learn millinery.. 8AHLEIN"S 873
Market st
.WANTED— Respectable young women to train
aa nurses. Apply Matron. 913 Golden Gate.
YOUNG girl; care of child and assist wUli
light housework. 1629 Golden GetTa™.
THREE ladle, to travel; well paying prooost-
tlon; must b» capable. Box^S^<g]j;
"WANTED-i-Two experienced dressmakers at
678 Twentieth st. Oakland. MM^SSStt.
YOUNG girl for light - - work and l«arn a
trade; good home. 2C03 Bush at. •
G^, to ne^T?ylo? It r "°
In small famUy. Call Monday at 1324 Vallejo.
BRAND- new' 7-room* flat;" flooded with sun-
shine. 314 Capp st, near Nineteenth.
— i — a .
FLAT 4 rooms; rent $9. 1210 Stevenson st,
or, rear, of 1711 Market st .. ¦• . . . _• . -
GOLDEN GATE ave., .975 — New upper sunny
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath; no children.
HAYES, ; 1715. ' nr. * Central • ave. — Cozy, 1 modern,-
sunny cot... ,5 rms.; yard; cellar; Q. G. Park.
MODERN, ." sunny . 8-room upper - fiat to let.
Apply 1726 Sutter st
NEW: flat. 3230A Sixteenth st. near Dolores.
SEE thla flat: 5 rooms and bath; f 11. 2022
Lasuna st, near. Union. ,, \ '
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rms.; 'grand view; yard;
adults; $11. 5 Lysett.pl... off Sacto.. nr.- Jones.
4-ROOM flat ; . gaa ; cellar, 22 Sumner . st . oft
. Howard, nr. -, 8th ; ; water and ashman free. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The 'Weekly
.. Call, : 16 pages, sent : to • any - address - In ] the
¦ United States or Canada one year for $1.
. flats' to let-1-purnishki).
AT a sacrifice.* up to date downtown sunny flat
-of 6 rooms and bath; newly furnished com-
; - plete; latest decorations; , carpets ¦ and dra-
... peries, etc. ; rent of flat only. . $30. . Call be-
.tween 10 and 12 a. m.,790 Grove st, corner
t VV GDStt?r, ¦- ¦ - . ' .-
FIVE rooms and bath on ' Twenty-second «t
between -Valencia -, and Guerrero; all con-
- venlences: • sun all^day ; , two , Unes of " cms
: Apply 1006 Valencia st. from 10 to 2.
ELLIS.. 647— Handsomely furnished modern"
5-room flat, for sale or rent, cheap. ™ OQern
Furnished lower flat, 5 rooms, bath- nr Vai.n""
¦rcla&23d..F.:.B.Surrhyne;i38Mont g n m !. e rv-
BUSH, 1060-Newly . furnished modern ' flat- 8
rooms; , rent reasonable. Call be™ 10 a^d 4!
A WEEK'S news for 5' cents— The Weeklv CaiT
16 pages, in wrapper for nwlllnV tl^?^?Jr
; FLATS V FOR SALE—FmtyisHEp
8-ROOMED modern -flat; Western A<MiMnr.~
•£ furniture for «ale. Box;4202,;cTli offlce. °°'
ivuiNVr giti tor second work. CkU 2930 Sacra-
mento st. 'corner Brodertck.
SMART girl to learn to b« madhim and tr»»ol
on road with professional. Box 4234. Call.
EXPERIENCED dre«smaker« and apprmtloaw
023 Sutter st. room 8.
MILLINERY saleslady and maktr. WKEL8.
1102 Market st. "¦• v ¦ ' :
BEDMAKERS. male and fBmal*. wanted at
118H ElUs at., room T. ;
GIRLS. learn hairdresslnx: only 2 ' w««ka re-
quired: course J5, lncludlnc m **"T*..mul
enrtngr, wlga, switches, chiropody, electrons;
950 per mo. assured after learning; positions
guaranteed; bring thla ad., worth $1: day and
eve. class. S.*F. HAIRDKESSINO COL-
LEGE. 233 Geary St., roomi 13-1S.
FROM this data on and until farther notto* w*
will Instruct inexperienced handj th« trad*
of ' making overalls freo of chairs; will b*
paid while learning-. - LEV! STRAUSS A
CO., 32ft Fremont st Apply to MR. DAVI3.
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
work at highest pay;, also have a few ma-
chines empty for girls aboat 16 years of ag«
' to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
LADY of .indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F., PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. ¦
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Experienced . operators on .women's
muslin underwear: steady work; electrlo
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
ket st. ¦ - -"..:-¦ . • - • ' " •
YOUNG lady wanted for first-class ladlea*
tailor establishment: good chance learn tradai
will pay. R. BE PROS. 52S Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID at tho Manhattan House,
* 825 . Battery st. <_ . . ¦
MACHINE operators to work In factory oa
¦ children's wash suits. 636 Mission. 3d floo*.
g AJT FRAJf CISCO CALL. *
BUSINESS OFFICE of -The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and. Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montieomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m." v
S00 Eayes Etreet: open until 8:30 p. m. ,
€39 McAllister street: open until »:30 p.' m.
31C Larldn street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner ' Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. .
106 Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
1090 Valencia street: ooen untU » P. ™-
Northwest comer Twenty-«econd and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open_untll_g_P^J n^ >l<JM ,
CHURCH SERVICES^
FIRSTCo^rcgaUonal Church corner P°«* and
Mason eu.-Kct. George C Adams D.D..
pastor, will .preach at botii sen- ces At
IT a. m.. topic. "California.' '^At . :30 p. m..
!,l>ic. "Behold the Sower Went Forth to
>w." All are cordially Invited.
iK Congregational Church iw g ««'!"" *!•
»ar Central ave. — The pastor. Professor «.
Lloyd* win preach morning and evening.
' a. m.' subject. "Catching fish o Citch
en " 7:30 p m.. subject. "What Is Sancti-
on?" Sunday school and Professor
ioyd'. Bible class at 12:30. C. E. at 0:30.
i^clal music by the choir and male Quar-
t under the leadership of Mrs. Jessie Dean
oore. A cordial welcome to all.' __
HMOND Congregational Church, corner
>vcnth ave. and Clement St.— Pastor. Rev.
lillip Coombe. Residence, 3415 Jackson st.
rlepbonc Jackson 1941. Sermon themes:
a. m.. "A Congregation That Inspired a
cry Effective Sermon." 7:45 p. m.. The
mplratlon of a New Song." Sunday school
9:i5 a. m. C. E. Society, 6:46 p. m.
free. A cordial welcome for everyone.
rLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post st,
near Wcb.'ter— Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D..
pastor will preach at 11 a. m. Subject, "The
Sustaining Power of a Prophetic Joy," and
ct 7:30 p m., subject, "The Despair of
Atheism." Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. The
public cordially invited.
REV WILLIAM RADER will preach at both
sen-ices in the Third Congregational Church,
Fifteenth et., near Mission. 11 a % m. t "Go-
Ing Up to Jerusalem. 7:30 p. m., "The
Actor."
FIRST Presbyterian Church. - corner of Van
Net* ave. and Sacramento st. — Sen-Ices at 11
a. m. and 7 :30 p. m. Rev. William Kirk
Outhrie will preach both morning and even-
ing. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.; Christian
Endeavor at 6:15 p. m.; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at 8 o'clock. All are cordially
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, -California
and Octavia Ets. — Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
pastor. Rev. George G. Eldredge. associate
l»8tor. Morning service. 11; evening service.
7:30. Dr. Hemphill will preach at Stanford
University and Mr. Eldredge In Calvary In
the' morning. Topic. "Cast Thyself Down."
"Jn the. evening missionary .meeting. Ad-
dresses by Dr. Maud Allen, • India, and Dr.
Hemphill. and exercises by children from, the
Chinese Home. Mr. Eldredge will preach in
the Second-street mission.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. superin-
tendent of Sunday school. J The Sunday school
Is at 10 o'clock. The morning service Is at
II o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach.
Subject. -'The Old and the New Thought of
God.- Music by quartet and chorus* H
Bretherick, organist and director. Bible
<-!ass under leadership of Professor Bacon
et 10 o'clock. All are cordially Invited
There is no evening sen-ice.
ECTARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
id Twentieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore.
lmster. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
ormng theme, "The Unforgiven." The
u n ,£f J eCt , Ur ?, Wi " deal wlth M «- "Ward's
tielbeck _of Bannisdale." a story, of pre-
.' The « sual Musical exercises under
rection of Mr. William Wertsch Jr. '
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough ets
Holy communion 7:30 a. m.; Sunday schoo";
™™J" m ' Mornln S service, 11 o'clock. Holy
communion, sermon by the rector, "The Phll-
«f?f£ y ° f Pn 7 er -" nfth of Lenten series;
j[««.-8K.* tzar*.
Wmsm.
wmsm.
Mmmssm
THE First Divine Science Church.— M E Cral
™r e - r V PaF K Or V Dl8COU «e at 11 t. nT: sub£S"
a^ * X « e Inratherlng." Services e^ery Bw-
HERMETIC Brotherhood-Open meetings every
Thursday evening at S o'clock. 509 Van New
ave.; friends are welcome. . .
T of d Thepsophical Society— Public lecture in
Odd FellowB" building to-night at 8 oVlorlT
by Mr Frederick M. Wim S ; Object "Mas-
r Z Ot m -" Children'^ group. "The
. Golden Chain," meets Sunday. 11:30 a. m.
Inquirers' class, Sunday. 11:30 a. m Public
MECTWGS SPyPAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909
Market st; subject. "Physical Culture Its
Importance In Health and Disease," followed
by magnificent views in Egypt and India.
Kree tickets will be distributed for X-ray ex-
hibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening
Seats free, no collection. Remember the
Question Box. .. -
1 C r N f A W, ? AY MH.LS will lecture at Golden
Gate HaJJ 1 to-night on "The . Brotherhood of
£m U T,i« Mte A* Ir 7 le . FninklIn - a*™* soloist
will play. Admission free.
A ~££ W " » ec JSJJ f ~ I ?, eniT . - Hartwn Brown.
Go^°rn'usl c . Odd re "° WB . ?
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 605 McAllister st ; 10c; wme,
skeptics.
A— TESTS: front hall, f>09 Market; 11. free- 2.
8, 10c: Wilson. Seely and others.
ZIRS. STODDARD'S convincing test circle. 10c.
Sunday. Tuesday; readings dally. 278 Ninth!
< PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. 305 Larkln st.
March 16. 7:30 p.m. R. S. Ullle. speaker;free.
2. E, 10c. fevan. Maxwell, others; ordination!
W. G. KEEG AN holds spiritual meeUnr «verr
night ex. Saturday; admlwlon 10c 148 1 6thT
•' C -, V B % MILLER'S materiailrlng seance. 8 p. m.
1084 Bush St.. near Leavenworth ; . 6O0. ", -. -
VAN ACKEN FREE LECTORe! «n N th«
HAND, 8 this evenlnc. 830 E^et
MR 4 S- . VTJGAR ' S te «J meeting to-night. 10c. 148
Sixth st, room 32; sittings daily.
EARLE-S elate--wrlting seance to-night 3M
Ellis ct - -
WEETiyGS— Pnlveraal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society will hold special public meeting to-
night at 310 O'Farrell et. 8 o'clock. Sub-
ject. "The Needs of Humanity," from a The-
oeophical standpoint' by J. H. Fussell stu-
dent and representative from the Theosonhi-
cal center. Point Loma, Cal.; music; all in-
vited.
THE. Theosophlcal Society, Golden Gate Lodge
—Public lecture to-night at 8 o'clock at feoo
Market at. Flood building: subject "Soul
Migration." by Swam I 'Abhayananda.
BOOKS \BW AKD:OLD.
J3OOK6 of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
11. C. Holmes, llid Market; tel. Howard 1940.THE SAN FR^KGISCp* GALL, SUNDAY^ MARCH 16, 1902;
37
j HELP WA\TEP~FEMALC— Con.
GIRL wanted to a?Fist in housework; deep '
home: $15 per month. 12-"S3 Jackson gt
FIRST-CLASS ladles* hair dressers and ven-
tllatort.. 40 Geary gt. * ; ' •¦
YrANTED— Immediately. 3 ambitious girls to
learn halrdressing from A to Z in 2 weeks
end take charre cf private customers where
5-ou can earn $50 per month: course $5. Col-
lege. 2^3 Geary st.. rooms 13-15.
At PacincHalrdrcEsinsCollege.Murphy bld..r.9l;
hRirdressiR?.nias»>age.manlcurinis.wlss.swltch.
etc ;eoursi-,$5;2 wks.;posltlon secured ;day.eve.
LADIES wtrit«d for dramatic company. We
*^ ch you. Box 41fll. Call office. -
VOL"VG lady to eo'ieit shorthand class and re-
ceive course free. Box 4103. Call offlce.
LADIES wanted for dramatic company; we
teach you. Address box 4181. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
receii-fd at Call branch office. 22QQ Flllmore.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10y«
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5SJS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. m
2 machinists for mining -work $3 50 day
Horsethoer for camp, $2 50 day; tinner S3
<lay-
'. AGRICULTURAL DEPT ....'.
5 teamttcrs, large fruit ranch.. $30 and found
a teams lens, ea.m< orchard $20 and found
26 i artaers, different vineyards
• *2« and $30 and founl
4 Eastern farmers, drive email team
I--- ; •• *2(i and found
.1 plow teamsters, big teams $32 SO and M
6 Italian vineyard hands .810
3 men to jjIow new vineyard.... $28 and found
5 milker*, north $:{J and found, fare paid-
•A milkers near city. $30; U milkers, other
dairies, $30 to $10 and found; 2 butter mak-
en J J_. chees * maker; U choremen. ranches
ond private Places, $15 to $30 and found; 11
chore boys, $10 to $20.
•• MISCELLANEOUS V.l.
Man for coal yard $40 to $50
Gardener, steady Job $30
3 block maker*. $4 to $5 day; 2 basket mak-
ers; man to work on |>eddle wagon; st'nog-
rarher and bookkeeper; 50 woodchoppem.
*v**1/"rf*' *. oo<1 c * m P. W» wage*, sue to
$2 cord; tienukers. 10c to lie, reduced fares.
••••• LABORERfl :.i*.
7 laborers, near city. $04 and found; 5 labor-
ers for quarry. $1 fare. $1 75 day: 6 laborer*
to cut and burn brush. $30 and found; 2
-U borer, for factory, $1 75 day; 5 laborers,
near city, $2 day.
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel, $2 60 fare.... $50 and fd
Cook, hotel, north $50 and found
Cook, near city. $10 and found; cook and
dlehwaiher. plain hotel, $40 and $15; second
cook, restaurant. $10 week; night cook, email
mining camp. $25 and found; 19 cooks other
places, $35 to $00 snd found; waiter for Ne-
vada: 5 waiters, other places; laundryman
country laundry. $15 week; elevator boy;
kitchen help and dishwashers. MURRAY &.
READY, C34-<3« Clay st. v>««ax «
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary et
WANTED FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
•- STATE OF NEVADA
SO0 railroad teamsters $•» a dav
5O0 railroad laborers "$<7 a Ua y
100 rockmen $2 £ JJay
10 etDnemasoas *4 » n . v
2 blacksmiths .'.$3 a
Blacksmith's helper $2 25 a day '
£ «= -E F ARE SHIP DAILY
SHIP DAILY .FREE FARE
•• A TRACK GANG 1.
£<?5 *\£ V £ DA SHIP TO-DAY
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 tunnelmen $2. $2 CO and $3 a day
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK... SHIP DAILY
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
FOR CALIFORNIA .- "
SECTION GANG . M.
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
Teamster for a vineyard. $1 a day; 2 farm
hir.ds. $20 a month; choreman. $20; carpen-
ter, %Z a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler and roast ccok. country hotel. $75; 2
eecond cooks, cafe*, city. $00 and $50: pe; tr«-
cook, hotel, city, $65; eecond cooks, broilers,
tryert, bellboys, porters, etc.. etc
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
RELIABLE Cleveland house wants bright
traveling salesman; general mercantile trade;
energy, ability and salesmanship will make
pos. perm. 55 Mercantile Bank. Cleveland. O.
WANTED — Retail salesman, rarr.;:iar with gro-
cery or crockery business; give experience,
references and wa^cs expected. Box 4491.
Ca!}/office.
WANTED — Mechanical engineer accustomed to
estimating -Hydraulic, /electric *nd steam
plants; tsta.te ae», experience and salary re-
• quired. Box 4483, Call office.
AGENTS wanted for the De Lery Incandescent
Gas Burner: good pay to energetic men. Ap-
ply to R. J. KERB & CO., 220 gutter Bt,
room S.
ENERGETIC workers to distribute circulars
and eamples; permanent occupation; good
Pay. Distributors League. 4» W. 2Sth. U. Y.
STENOGRAPHER and assistant bookkeeper
for the country; wages $50; answer in own
handwriting. E. L.. box 4492. Call office.
"WANTED— In a twenty years established car-
riage and wagon shop, a first-class painter
to rent chop. Address box 4233. Call office.
BOY 16 or 17 to work In bazaar and general
store; best, of references required; room,
board and salary. Apply 2200 Fillmore gt.
MAN to wash dishes and general yard work;
board, room and $10 a month. VILLA MIR-
AMAH, Ocean boulevard.
STRONG, industrious boy for steady employ-
ment: chance for advancement; state age.
_ Address box 4232. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted; only
first-class men need apply; state experience.
Box 4215. Call office.
"WANTED — First-class machinery salesman;
etate age, experience and salary required.
Box 4483. Call office.
COATMAKERS, pants and vest makers and
buthelmen for country. Apply REISS BROS.
Sc CO.. 2i Sutter «t
WANTED— Young boy for learning the trade;
wages after 4 weeks. DUVAL, Theatrical
Wigmaker. 112 Eddy gt
WANTED — Good cash boys. Apply BW. cor.
Powell and Geary sts.. Monday, between 8
and 9 a. m.
"WANTED — A eood co&tm&ker for Martinez.
Apply to M. J. O'MALLEY. merchant tailor.
BOY 15 years old. Plerce's Piano Factory]
Market. Fourteenth and Church sts. "
AN oid tnsn wanted to cook. 330 Main st.
B^Z H l^^.^acr^tnro.^r WM "
WANTED — Entry clerk and assistant book-
keeper; young man; reference. Box 4219, Call.
FIRST -CLACS preeser on coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. Ml Market «-t «*-L>ASCO-
ELECTRICIAX and locksmith, for repair work
only. L. H. KOHN. Polk and lacr^neX
WANTED — Firwt-claEB ladies' tailor- steady
work: ?25 a week. P. VERDIER. 984 Geary.
WANTED — Cabinetmaker: must be good work-
man. Apply 71b Mission st., Monday.
AT 630 Market et. — Ex-eoldler* to file extra
1 P a >" claims, etc. O. E. HOWE.
A GOOD waiter wanted at 543 Fourth et.
2 FIRST-CLASS union carpenters and good boy
about 15 oall Sunday. 1472 Ellle st.
BARBER shop for ta!e— Averages from $120 to
$1UO per month; established S years; shop j
and flat of 3 well-furnUhed rooms for family
of 4; rent $15; price (250; $100 cash, the
reel $10 per month at 4 per cent interest.
ia;5 Ouerrero Ft.
BARBER shop. 3 chair*. Berkeley; well fitted
at.d drying vv.'i businenc: can be bought at
very reasonable price. STOLTZ, 723 Market
WANTED — An errand boy. 14 or 15 years of
¦E*:. large manufacturing concern; Hgbi
duties ; good pa>'; must reside with parents
snd have satisfactory references as to hon-
eety and respectability. Address "B." CalL
WANTED— Boss spinner and carder for a
t:\x-tt-t woolen mill in California; state
ege, «-xp*xiftnce. manie-d or single. Address
_box **71 / _Ca!l office. 6. F. ' '
YOUNG man to learn the practical side of
i-lectrical «-ngtmering and construction busi-
ness; rnurt have ftdt'ift to Invest; at good ln-
twst. with best of liocurity. Box 4470. Call.
A FIP.ST-CLAES architectural draughtsman;
Mate experience and wages. W. E. WARE,
Halt Lake City. . •
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enerry, and |
pu*h; »roou opportunity for right man. F.
PKjiSQN. room 412. Parrott building.
BARBERS— I want to buy a 2 or 3 chair shop
in city or nearby town; must be first-class.
Address box 4479, Call offlce.
INTELLIGENT people who need an income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534. Philadelphia, l'a.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade-,: eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Corsica's Barber College. Los Angelee, Cal. . >
HELP IVAXTED — MALE — Cow. ¦ ¦.
WANTED— First-class bartender at 16 Post
Et : references required.
WANTED — Recruits for the. marine cores. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet J
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 ElUs st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
. LEGE. C35 Clay et. '....¦• ;
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217. Third st: 150-lar^e
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.-
Al DRAUGHTSMAN: steady Job. Apply
MEYER & O'BRIEN, architect. Chronicle
building. ¦ ¦ :¦ -
WANTED — Young man in tin shop; learn
trade: aged 10. Apply between 7 and 9 at
533 Mission st. . ¦..--¦ ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED — Apprentice boy. about 16. to learn
blacksmith trade. Box 4194, Call.
3 ARCHER barber chairs for sale cheap. 325
Grant ave.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. .
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop; good location;
: reason for selling, leaving city. Call 702
Howard st
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat-
ing are and experience, box 4182, Call office.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market
&00 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army choes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st, nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull!*. 3, 40, Phelnn
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. It.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CHESTNUT driving '.earn of mares, aged 7
years, rtred by Rfro Prince; very gentle,
stylish, perfectly fearless, free from vice and
need no boots; broke single: easy to drive;
price very low. Apply to WM. O. LAYNG,
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st,
near Third. . .¦
A LOT of hortes for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth et; also buggies, wagon»,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for ssle or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grade*, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies bought nnd ffJd, r.ew stock always
on hand. 1499 Market «.. corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, eur-
rey,harness,work,drfvlng horses. 15th&Valencla
SECOND-HAND business buggy and 1 top
buggy; bargain. 1370 Turk st.
'ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, elngle: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNER; half Interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.~
A — PRINTED list houses to let: 6end for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY cor. residence. 8 rooms; conservatory,
bath, grounds, etc; XE. cor. Sacramento and
Steiner. Von Rhein R. E. Co., t>13 California.
$11 — SUNNY house of 5 rooms, yard and base-
ment Key 2228 Geary st
$7 — 3 LARGE sunny upper rooms. SO Sil-
ver Ft., rear. ¦
$47 50— HOUSE of 8 rooms; large basement and
iTgg yard. 1813 Bash «t.. nejtr Franklin.
FURNISHED house, 9 rooms, bath and ser-
vant's room; near Alta Plaza: everything in
first-class order. Address BROWN, Call
branch office. 2200 Fillmore st .
SUTTER «t; nicely furnished house. 7 rooms
and bath: piano: 4 months from April 1.
F. B. SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery et.
HOUSES . WASTED.
HOUSE wanted to be removed, near Csdo and
Twenty-flfth sts. Address box 4187. Call.
COTTAGE, small house, lower flat: must have
yard; ans. at once. 27^ Fourth, room 11.
HOUSES FOR SALE,
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet
Pierce and Steiner. Geo. Moore. C3 Portola.
HVG1KXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success; free consul ta-
tlon. Room 39. Liebes building. 139 Post st
LOST AND FOU.VD.
LOST — Heart-shaped topaz brooch; valuable
only to owner account associations. $50 re
ward to finder at SHERWOOD & SHER-
WOOD'S. 212 Market st. .
LOST — A fur boa on the boulevard, near
wreck, Friday, bet 10 and 12 m; liberal re-
ward. Return 458 Castro st.
LOST or .strayed — St- Bernard dog, 11 months
old. Finder will please return to 543 Clay
Bt and receive reward.
LOST — Saturday, between 11:30 and 12, on
Polk or Sutter st care, gold Jeweled purse.
Return to 18G6 Pacific ave. -and receive liberal
reward.
LOST — Bunch of about 14 keys, one key name
plate, word "Hall" engraved; Finder return
BERTOX. 323 Montgomery st. : reward $2 50.
LOST — Gordon setter, tag No. 3352, near
Golden Gate Park; liberal reward. 20 ElUs.
LOST — A diamond sunburst Tuesday evening.
Reward of $20 if returned to 222 California.,
LOST — One ruby scarf pin set with 16 dia-
monds; reward $20. Return to 13 Third st.
LOST — Irish setter bitch; white on forehead
and chest. Return 1117 Folsom st; reward.
LOST — In or near Orpheum, night of February
14. 1902, lady'B gilt belt, with gold buckle.
Finder please return to 630 Mission st. and
collect $5 reward.
LOST — A Scotch collie, female, tan, with white
marking. 6 months old. Return 2840 Jack-
son st. and receive reward.
LOST— In Mission, brown cocker spaniel. "W.
Price" on collar. Reward at 224 Capp st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ean Francisco, in the
name of DAVIDE CAPELLO; No. 224-15S3.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND — On beach at Giant, Contra Costa Co..
round-bottom boat, painted green outside.
Owner can, have same by proving property
and paying costs. Ad. L. Lea veil. Giant, Cal.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cares.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 18S7; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 700 Ellis.
3IATTRESSE5 AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and. sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st: tcl. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron 1 beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission; tel. Main 7->0.
~ "~~~ ~~ ~ BIKDICAL. ~- ~~
A — DR O'DONNELL.. world-renowned special-
ist— Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated^.
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1018 Mkt, op. 5th,
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before' and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near -Taylor. ,
MRS. KOHL. BpecIell8t..41O O'Farrell st
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office, 1228 Market st; .'10 years'
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
- years' ecuccespful experience in , S. F. , Ma-
ternlty Home, OW Market St., op. 4th: fee low.
HINDOOHERB and MRS.: DA VIES' original'
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement 112fl Market st, S. F.. -.
MRS. D. ' ALLEN. J 118 Market— Reliable ladies 1
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care;. low fees. -
ijjti. kusKN, iadi^-t-' reliable and * sincere spe-
clalitt. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR.* NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton it, opposite
' Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
$55,000 — RENTS. ?3300 a year; corner on San-
Ecme Bt. ; substantial' brick building;
large, lot. ¦ .-•-.¦ -.
$35,000 — Rents , $219 per month; ; which ¦ can
readily.be increased; choice corner, on
McAllister st'.; 5 houses of 8-10 rooms
ami bath each; in perfect order, and
steadily rented; 82x100.
?25,000 — Rents ?150 per: .month: Washington
. • -st. -near Buchanan; 2 elegant three-
story bay-window ¦ residences of -.' 18
- rooms and bath, nicely located and
handsomely finished; 50x137:0.
$17,000^— Vallejo st; elegant residence, of 17
rooms and bath; large ¦" garden ' and
barn; 48:6x137:6. . V
?16,000 — Rents ?13o per month; Octavia St.,
near Ellis; 3 new, handsome flats of
7-8 rooms and bath each, elegantly
finished; 25x110. .
$15,000 — Rents J120 per month; Pine St.; near
Hyde; 3 substantial modern flats • i of
7-8 rooms and bath each, rear cot-
tage; 34x137:6.
$13,500 — Rents ?102 50 per month; 3. new. flats
• of 7-8 rooms and bath each; on Post
St., near Van Ness ave.; 25x137 ;6. • >
$12,500— Rents ?55 per | month; ' Mission ' st.,'
• near Sixth ; substantial " 2-story and
basement frame building; 25x80. ¦
$10,000— Rents $60 per month, . which will
readily stand an increase; corner on
Mission st, near 16th; a good build-
ing of 2 stores and flat of 7 rooms,
bay windows, brick foundation, large
lot, 30 feet front.
$8, SOO-^-Rents ¦$($<$ per month; 4 flats,- good
location, near Franklin and Haight
sts.; 44xSl.
$7,500— Rents ?55 per month, which can be
readily Increased; Hyde st; 2 stores
and flats: 31 feet front.
$7,250 — Rents $C8 per month; Howard st., near
12th; 3 bay-window flats of 7-6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, «tc. ;
25x137:6. .' '
$6,500— Vallejo st, north side, near Octavia;
a well-built two-story and basement
house of 7 rooms and bath, com-
manding a flne marine view.
$6,500 — Rents $60 per month; Fell st; 3
houses of 5-ii rooms and bath each ;
large lot, 27:6x120; 2 frontages; this
is a good buy. ' '"¦
$5,500— Rents $43 per month; Devlsadero st;
2 flats of 0-0 rooms and bath each,
' brick foundation, etc.; must sell to
¦ ; :.• close an estate. "•" :,;.-. -, - \
$4,000— Rents *38 per month; good 2- flat
house on Post st: building alone al-
most cost the price asked; 25x137:6.
$3,e00 — Rents *2G per month, which are low;
Twenty-fifth st; 2 desirable bay-win-
dow flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each,
brick foundation, etc. ,
$3,500— Near Buchanan and O'Farrell sts..
bay-window cottage of. 6 rooms . and
bath, brick foundation, etc.; ,
$3 noo Cottage of 8 rooms and bath In choice
*' Jortlonof the Mission: lot 32:Bxll7 : O.
$3.100 — Rents ?33 50 per month: near Ninth
and Mission sts. : 3 desirable flats of
3-4 rooms each; street paved and ac-
cepted by the. city; a bargain.
$2,500— Mission cottage, 5 rooms and bain.
** large lot, 30 foot front; centrally lo-
' $2,400— California st. near Baker; a choice
building lot. 25 feet front.
Call or write for. our Real Estate Record
containing a list of properties for sale in all
Pa £te°s f t p h^VH°^ S MBfEN C L 8C C<)?- ~
14 Montgomery st. ¦
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO '~,,,, M ii-'n^vi
205 Montgomery st, opp. Mills building.
GILT EDGE "INSIDE" INVESTMENT. -
$46$lfc-Rents $4260 per annum; vicinity of
* ' Eddy and Larkin sts.; large lot; 50 ft.
frontage on two streets; new improve-
ments; paying nearly 10 per cent.
$15,50O-Northeast corner flats; east of Larkln
. st • 32:6 corner; 3 elegant flats, 6, 8. 9
rooms and bath; flooded with sunshine;
handsome income; guaranteed future;
can't be equaled for price or appear-
ance.
*1« 000 Downtown investment; fine large lot.
*>7 -6x120 feet to rear street; Improved
with 4 houses; 5 minutes to Market fet.
$10.750— Rents $1225; pay nearly 12 per cent:
3 new flats; marble steps; round bay
windows; elegant view: near Park
Panhandle; cars pass; 27 feet frontage.
$8 000— Rent $960; near Sixth and Mission sts.;
42 ft frontage: store and 5 flats.
$8,200— Rent $S70 ; northeast corner on FU-
more st; 3 fine flats. 5, 5, 6 rooms and
bath ; all modern improvements. ¦
$5 500— Near Post and Octavia 6ts. : substan-
tial bay-window home, 10 rooms; por-
celain bath; snap. j. ;
-'-. PAYS 13 PER CENT NET. -'/-.-'<
$4,250— Rents $588; all rented; 6 flats, 3 rooms,
near Sixtn and Howard sts.; pays $540
net after taxes, insurance and water
are paid.
S5,2jO — Two flats, 15, 6 rooms, bath; choice
portion Western Addition; lot 25x100
feet; rents $540. ' .
$3,500— On Powell st, near Clay; house of
6 rooms.
$2,700 — Rents $324: 3 fine 'flats, all rented,'
near Sixth st; lot 25xS0 feet; snap.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St., -opp. Mills bldg. '
JACOB HEYMAN CO.,
117 Sutter street
A SIMPLE PROPOSITION. .
Our home-owning plan is simple. ¦ For the
same* monthly payments that you now waste
In rent we sell you a new, modern, cozy, cot-
tage. Look at our (5-room and bath cottage
or. .Mvarado st, near Hoffman ave., Heyman
Tract Mr. Cotter, our resident agent, 113
Hoffman ave., will show it to you.
Cheap — Two new, modern G-room and bath
cottages on Lundy lane, one block from Mis-
sion at', opposite the terminus of Valencia Bt;
easy terms.
Eight rooms and bath, Forty-ninth-ave.
boulevard. Ocean Beach ; beautifully located.
Only two lots, each 25x120, left fronting the
Ocean boulevard.
Alvln Tract, Elmhurst, lots fronting the rail-
road station. 25x125, $50 ; $5 down, $2 per
month; fine climate and beautifully located; a
real bargain; 45 minutes' ride from Ban Fran-
cisco. '.
$450—28:9x114; Corbett ave. and < Eighteenth
Bt. ; 6trcet sewered and graded; easy terms;
close to electric cars.
Only a few of our $150 Boulevard lots, near
Golden Gate Park, left on the easy terms of
$5 down. $1 per month.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.,
¦ [ 117 Sutter st.
$2850 SAVED WITHIN 9 YEARS. "
Another renter free from the landlord's yoke;
sold 5-room and bath house on Twenty-third
st for rent money. ¦
One more left; 6-rooni and bath house on
-Alvarado st, near Douglass; rent money will
buy it; also two new 6- room and bath houses
opposite Valencia-st. terminus. Come quick
before they are gone. . "
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter St.
REAL ESTATE ADVANCING. 1 '
$1000 each— Two lots left for sale on Forty-
ninth ave.. fronting boulevard. Ocean Beach-
will be worth $5000. "
Lots $400 to $500 on J st. and Forty-eighth
ave.. Ocean Beach.
Three lots on McAllister st, near Stanyan '
Lots on Twenty-second St., Heyman Tract
$150 — Lots .near Ocean. House, Drexlers
Palace and near Boulevard; $5 down and $2 50
monthly. • • . > . ,
$50— Beautiful Alvln Tract lots, Elmhurst—
25x125; $5 down and $1 monthly.
- % JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter St.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Don't' delay! We can positively suit you.
$100 to $400 — Ocean Boulevard lots; graded
and fjenced; $5 monthly. .
$500 to $1100— Choicest Sunset lots; all
graded; splendid demand; wonderful improve-
ments; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Offlce. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $800 — Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $lo monthly. . . -
$100 to $250 — Level building lots near Mls-
slon-st. electric cars; perfect bargains; Inspect
them and you will admit It; $5 monthly.
- $1000, $1500 .to $2500— Modern -cottages; all
bargains; choice locations; easy terms.
.- SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, -Chronicle building. ••
'' ¦' = . •• '""V v v
A. E. BUCKINGHAM... .....REAL: ESTATE
'2(i Montgomery st... room' 11: ¦ ¦¦¦¦
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$46,500 — Bargain; N. S. Sutter st; 44x137:6
feet; ' short distance from Kearny.
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara ; Turk ; 3 f rontaves ; ; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$2375— A snap: .north sine Clay st. near
•'¦ Lyon: fine location for flats ,' ¦ : -.-.
$16,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats 8
rooms: choice location; rents S150 '
$10,500 — Oood buy; store and flats; Larkln st
near Geary; rents $70.
$5500— Fine 5 and 0 room flats; on. Stevenson
st, near Thirteenth; rent; $45 • ¦
$1050 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner. Sanchez and
- ; . Alvarado sts.: 26:0x105 feet. >.- '•>. ¦>-
HOUSES— SUNSET. HEIGHTS— LOTS *j
Installments; Eleventh 'ave.'.H and I sts., "nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
> A.' E. BUCKINGHAM, 20 Montgomery,; room
11... Branch office. , Sunset. . 1215 Ninth' ave.'-
AN • elegant : modern > cottage of 6' rooms, arid
bath; sunny side .street;. San. Jose, near
Valley, . bet. 28th and 20th ; . Guerrero-street
cars, pass door; • appreciated if, /seen;- lot
25x100. ... . . ,¦¦¦ ¦¦ /. ; .; 1 -, ¦ .¦,, ¦¦¦; ,
COTTAGE of 4 large rooms and, bath; ; cheap
• \ior, cash or installments; ,;4278; Army st'
•REAL; E STATE-— CITY— FOR SALE.
' BALDWIN & HOWELL/ \
V'-i'10 MONTGOMERY ST. ;. ...
$6,750-^Splendld marine view, 'modern. East-
• lake - 2-story and > basement . residence, ;
¦ containing 9 / rooms. - bath, ; laundry,
etc. ; < only 2. years- built;. original cost .
$0000; .vicinity, of Clay and Laurel sts.
$20,000— O'Farrell st.,- Inside of ; Larkln ;¦ splen- .
. . >. did building site for apartment house; '
lot 50x137:6;' excellent exposure; key
, lot; present frame -buildings, pay $90 '
per month; properly, Improved will pay 1 ;
. 8 per, cent net. .' ¦ . ': ,
$14,000 — California st, north, sunny side, near !
' • ¦ '- Hyde: no better renting location; new," ¦
- . ¦ . modern building , of . 3 separate .. flats ;
¦. rents $1290 per annum; largre mortgage
reason for selling; offer will probably
be entertained. ¦, . " " " . \
$6,000 — Only $1000 cash;.rents pay the balance :
In monthly installments; 2 new flats
; of 6 and 6 rooms, and , bath each ; gas
\ range, electric lights "and -all modern
.conveniences; marine 'view; rents " :
$52 50 per month; Hyde-st' cars pass '.!
; '' the property. ¦. ':;¦.-
$4,000— Castro st., near Twenty-flrst: 2-story'
modern home, 9 rooms and bath;. lot
• .25:4x105; a cheap home; terms can be !
arranged.. '¦.. . :
$5,150— Stelner-st. business property; vicinity '
• . of earhouse on Turkst; store, and 5
living- rooms below, ¦ flat above of 6
rooms and bath; rent $402 per year..' • •
$2S,o6o— Northeast business corner, within 2 ;
blocks of Powell and Market sts.; !
frame building of stores, lodging-house i
" of 27 rooms and flats; rents $2340 per ;
annum; extra large lot, containing .
8000 square feet; a splendid Invest- "
. ment. .
$0,500— Rents $C6 per month; lot 50x104; 2 ;
frame houses In separate flats; large
lot; splendid Income: -Mission warm
: t i.--'j ;belt; Twenty-second st.-,^
- $9,500 — Broadway: sunny side: lot 27:6x137:6: '
house of 9 rooms, bath, basement, bil- '
- . Hard-room, servant's ¦ room, laundry,
etc.; splendid - residence location; -
cheapest home offered on the street
$8,500— Rents $78 per. month; newly Improved :
corner on Bryant, st; . lot 65x80; 3
separate stores and flats; property in
the best of condition; sold to close up
an estate; worth investigating at once.
$3,250-^Only $500 cash, balance to suit your '
own . convenience , In . small monthly '
. .. payments, same as your rent; entirely •
' new 2-story cottage house: of 6 rooms,
. bath, basement, etc. : ¦ brick . founda-
i tion;. cement sidewalk; house Just '
completed; excellent ¦¦ marine v view; '
Hyde-st cars pass the property. ;
Two new flats in a new, rapidly growing
district, 6 and, 6 rooms. and bath each; can
be bought for $5500; only $800 cash; rents '.
$li 50 per month will pay the monthly ln-
stallments, Including Interest. ¦ '
$250 AND UPWARD.
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works — Tubba
Cordage Factory— Sugar Refinery and lands ;
purchased by Santa Fe .Rairoad, located on
Twenty-third, Missouri, Texas, Mississippi In-
diana and Minnesota sts. . .
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take Thlrd-st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts. S . \, -. ¦ < ..'..-¦.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery «t.
SUNSET '.LOTS — ~
...Your own terms; monthly installments...
....Home lots in blocks front G. G. Park
17th, 18th, 19th and 20th aves., H and I VtV
Electric Cars Pass the Property
Lots and streets on official grades, ready for
• ••-... building
Gas and Water Plank Sidewalks
. Welsbach Street -Lamps ;
...Superior Residence and Improvements!!!
Call at once at branch offlce, corner H Bt
and Ninth ave. (open . week days, Sundays
and holidays), .south of Golden. Gate Park-
horse and buggy at your, disposal.
•BALDWIN & HOWELL.
- 10 Montgomery st
HOUSES and flats In Sunset District on terms
to suit your pocket-book. Call for particulars
at our branch offlce. corner H st. and Ninth
ave., or at our main office. • '¦¦'•¦
BALDWIN Sc HOWELL.
* -'-•"¦ 10 Montgomery st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. ~ ' ~
20 Montgomery «t . ¦'..-.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
$30,000— Rent $355. a month; large lot* brick
Improvements; great future. . ¦:'
.. ¥70,000— Retail business corner; flne brick
building; half cash; pays 7 per cent net; close
to Market and Kearny sts.
HOWARD-ST. BARGAiN. '
• • ¦ $12,750— Rent $100 a Month. "
Reduced price; elegant 3-story building, close
to Slxth^ st; al ways rented ; v must.seU,at. once.
_" BUSINESS— CORNERS— BUSINESS '
$20.00O-Rent .$150; Hyde st; 137 ft frontage
«Jv«°^~5 ent * 100; ne * r Market lro3Ulee "
?10.JoO— Rent $90; Bush, near FKlmore.
$8,*j0— Rent $60; Folsom'st; new; 1 tenant
$S.00O-Rent $55; Brannan. near 6th. •
SELECTED LIST,'^ PAYING 12 PER CENT
$4000 — Rent 550; close to 1st and Howard ¦ ¦
«i2St« ent H2 B0 ' nea r Mlsslon'and 5th. •
2ff$S~ ReTlt $o9: clo8e to Folsom and 3d.
$1000— Rent $39; close to California and Powell
$3500— Rent $45; Bryant," near 2d.
$4250— Rent $43: near 6th and-Howard '
$2600— Rent $24; Natoma, near 14th.
$5500— Rent $64; Brannan, near 3d.
• / ./ f. RARE CHANCE.
¦ Grand Corner Flats.
$24,000— Pays about $200 a month; corner
flats: best Dart of W. A.; big bargain; should
be seen at once. .. , >
FORECLOSURE SALE I ' ..''."
$0000— Large lot 60x125; only half of lot Im-
proved, which pays $64 a month: choice loca-
tion on Geary st; any reasonable offer con-
sidered. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . -
BUSINESS PROPERTY
$8250 — Rent $60; Pacific st, near Battery
UNION-SQUARE LOT. ¦
$205,000— Size 100x137:6: secured lease kt
good, rent to party who will build.
6UTTER-ST. COTTAGE.
?£>000 —^Very flne cottasre home on Sutter st. ;
7 rooms and bath; offered low for quick 'sale. \
GRAND SUTTER-ST. 'INVESTMENT.-'
- $28,000. Rent $180. • - :
Large lot and elegant 3-story apartment flat;
building always rented; near Leayenworth st
. DOWNTOWN CORNER!
f 45,000 — Rent $300, can be increased to $400;
8-story building; east of Polk st. ;1 tenant <
.BURNHAM t MARSH CO.,
-'.-¦¦¦¦'¦--. .- 20 . Montgomery st
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, T~~~~T*
; . , : , : -, REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
• ¦ Rents Collected, Houses Rented and FulP
Charge Taken of Property. :
... t • 624 MARKET ST. .
$110,000— A full- 50-vara. -.lot; close ' to" Union '.
Square. ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦-'••.'¦ .'. '¦¦. . .- . ¦ . ¦ - - ,". : : , ¦
$80,000 — Mason, st., close to Market; lot 65
feet frontage; frame Improvements; one of the '
best pieces of property In the city to be Im-
proved; rents .nominal. - j .•", ¦ :-t -.'
$46,600— Sutter st, close to Kearny; lot 44
feet frontage;' old Improvements. .
$55,000 — Choice corner on: Sutter st.- close to'
Kearny: 'old Improvements. • ¦• . • : . .•¦¦¦\ K • '
$32,500 — Mason st, near: Geary; 1 , frame Im-
provements: rents *194 per month, j .
$28,000 — Choice corner, on Post 6t.,'near Pow- "
ell; frame building upon same. ,¦ - *"
- $25,000 — Corner closeto Union Square; store
and. flats above;; rents $138 per , month
$18,500 — Haight st., near Steiner; four fine
residences; rents $140 per month; lot 63:9xl37-ti" '
. feet; ¦¦¦-¦_: . ¦ - . • ¦ • :
$14,600 — Steiner st, '* near Post; six choice'
flats; rents $117 50, per month. ¦ .: ¦ • '¦
. $11,600 — Three brand new flats on Hayes sti :
of, 7 and 8 rooms and, bath; rents $112 50 ner '
month; t>t 25X137-.6 feet. . 1
$8500 — Choice corner; on Eddy st. hear Fill- "
more; size 28x100 feet: consisting of store and
flats above; 1 rents $70 per, month. - - , -• .
t $8000 — Bush St., near Hyde; large residence
containing ; 16 , rooms - and bath; lot 30x137:6
feet ¦¦¦ 1 ;< \-'.' . ,',.. .;..;¦, ¦ ¦• - '¦.'¦",¦ ••* '
$«400— Post St., near . Devisadero: pair of '
modern flats, containing.: B* and -6 -rocms and
bath: rents $52 60 per ¦month.; /.
$4500 — Steiner St.. near Ellis; residence con
taininir -1-. rooms and bath ; , In flne condition.
$4000 — Natoma st", * near Eleventh: 2 houses
of 0' rooms-andvbath each;, income $32 per
month :;open /^ for I offer. ; -: * ¦ ¦¦:<¦. '•¦ ..
Further • particulars ' of • BOVEE TOY-'*' ¦'
SONNTAG/. 624. Market st. ' ¦ -. V.^.X-v', ,^ .
$10,000— LOT, 28x84;- 16-room house- rents $65-'
' Pine st.*. ,- near Powell. . - ,'
$2,800— Lot 22:CWI2:6: 4-room. house- rent "
¦ •••. r$10; corner .Twenty-flfth and Harrison
$»,000— Three 0-room flats. Just finished: mod- :
:¦¦.- ern; fine;. near Golden Gate Park <
$11,000— Lot -50x105; 2-story frame; good as -
new; storreroom, hall, 7-room flat and .
, 7-roomvcottage;;Preclta ave.. near '
':;"-'¦ Mission St.- v -- . , , :¦, . .....
$3,500^-2-story; S-room , house; lot 22x75-" rent
. :>¦:¦¦ $24; Lexington ave. .-' . -^ .?';.. *
HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy St., -rooms 18-19. '< .
SAN FRANCISCO. ¦•/...¦•..'¦"• •, . ¦-••• -..,r".. ~—
' ¦" 3508 .o M iS slon ' B ,V ; ' Btore and ; Hvlng-rooms ;
price r *2200: a small • payment 4 down, "balance
same a»rent.;>> •- -^ "'. "• ' . /'.,-•;,- •'
¦,1819 16th ave. /8-room house; price $800- S5O ,
down; balance same as rent- .»•¦;¦..;. . . - ..-v^ ..
• '.1871 15th ave.; price $700;no payment down * -
same as rent ¦ '-• >>• . . ,, .'
';¦•.:'.:•/,'.:, sunnyside.-: ; " •-:.•'.' ¦• ¦ -' ": ,
.;> > 26 Circular ave.' ; , flat of 5 • rooms and store ;
8t6re ; rents .for^?8 ;, price: $1250; - no payment
down,' same arf rrnt ' |t1 * 1|l Jtl '
*/ 414 Forester, ave. ; 5-room cottage;' price' $850; ¦'¦
no payment; down:, monthly, payment $11.90.v- '•
I- also have a few; houses, to -rent. ¦•-¦¦• " - :'- ¦
-. •,;;¦¦' "A.^E. RUDELL.-301 California st..';.
$55(>0 MUST.^.be J paid ; „ $3000 .cash i only; £ rents i
; •-; $60. , Apply ; on premises, - 2623 ' Sutter st , ¦•'• "
RKAL7. ESTATE— -ciTY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE "& CO., 638 Market' St.
- AUCTION.
. ' "T AUCTION. '.
. ' AUCTION. ,-':,
' v TUESDAY. : . . . .: .-. . . ".-. .. .March 25. 1902. •
•. . f At Our Salesroom, "No. 638 Market st
' At 12 O' clock Noon. ; - ~>. f n )
SIXTH STREET ) IMPROVED ", P ROPERTY.
¦ " East side (Nos. 425 and . 427) Sixth^ st , 325
feet south -, of . Harrison, and ¦> west "de (Nos.
44-46) Morris ave.r 350 feet south of .Harrison
St., ' two 2-story frame dwellings, 7 rooms and
bath, each and renting for $600 per annum, on
Sixth : st; and - two 2-story frame dwellings. 0
rooms each, renting for $288 per annum, on
Morris ave. V lot 50x160x25x75 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. ~^ '
• North > side . (Nos. * 650-652) Oak st. . «teet
east of Fillmore; two modern. flats 5-6 rooms
and bath;' sunny side } of . street; . lot 25x87 .o
feet. '/, : -' ¦'" : : '____'. .¦'.':.;¦"'•
MISSION HOME. •
West side '(No. 924) Shotwell st. 240 feet
•north of Twenty-fourth; two-story house , 0
rooms and bath in a flne neighborhood, large
lot. 65x105 feet. .' ;¦¦: ¦-¦
- y .ASHBURY ¦ HEIGHTS; RESipENCE. ,
West side (No. 727) Ashbury lit, 26< .3 feet
south of Waller; a flne large modem two-s tory
residence 10 rooms and bath, etc-, all tne
latest improvements and very desirable, lot
25x111. - • . i . .' ." ""
V '"¦'/' OCEAN VIEW'BLOCK. . ..
West End Map No." 2. block M.'^™*?**?
Wyoming, Huron. Aherman and / ar J a^
aves.;. within a block of railroad and fclectric
cars; 10 lots, 80x237:6 feet each; m P ro y, em « l ts
8-room house with bath, windmill and tank,
lot 400x475 feet. . "i>.. » ': : .-
- 'SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. '
North side (No.- 26) Welch st, 150 feet east
of Fourth; three tenements in good condition,
renting for $276 per annum; lot 20x80 feef.
' ' MISSION LOTS -
South line of Twenty-ninth st, 101:9 feot
west of Diamond; four flne lots, only a short
dittance from the Twenty-ninth or. Castro st.
cars; lot 25:514x114 feet each.
. . MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side (No. 1406) Ouerrcro tt.\ 53 feet
south of Twenty-sixth; a flne large two-story
residence 11 rooms and bath; large. lot. 60x
155 feet;. . "•.;.',• ¦_
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side fNo. 4041) Eighteenth st, 25 _fect
east of Hartford; flat of 4 rooms and stable 0
stalls In rear; store could be finished off un-
der flat at a small' expense; lot 25x75 feet. •
' FULTON STREET CORNER.
• Northeast corner of , Fulton st and Parker
ave.:; flne large unimproved lots, level and
ready for building: corner 28:10%xl09:8 feet,
and four Inside lots 25x100:8 feet.
MISSION BUILDING ' LOT. ft
North side of Twenty-second st, 50 feet
west of Florida: flne lot; level and ready for
bUlld>n8; ELDRIDGE & CO.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO.. MARKg ~
$22,000— Howard st, near Second; lot 50x165
feet to rear *t ; present old lmprove-
• / « ments pay ?S50 per annum.
820 000 Rents $2400 per annum; 4 stores with
living rooms In rear and 4 houses 7
• rooms and bath each, and three flats
5 rooms and bath on Montgomery ave. ;
the Market street of the North side;
flne lot. 68:9x137:6 feet to a main
street In rear. . .
$12,000— An elegant corner on Hyde st, not far
- . from California; good house' of .lrt
.--.:• rooms easily made into flats; lot CO
x70. '
$10,500 — Two up to date ' swell modern flats.
' 7-8 rooms and bath'; only ¦ six months
. old: on Leavenworth et, near Pine;
. 'key lot; rents $1020 per annum.
$8,750— Three well-built flats, 6-7-8 rooms and
bath each; on tbe north side of How-
ard st. near Eighth; 8 years' old; in
"good condition; pays $780 per annum;
could easily be increased 15 per cent;
lot 25x82:6 feet j
$8,600— Two. new modern flats of 7-9 rooms
and bath; on Bush st. near Brodericic;
marble ' steps; modern plumbing;
handsome mantels: rents $84 : per
month; lot 26x137:6 feet.
$8,250—^Store and five well-built flats, only
100 feet from (Sixth St., near Howard;
rents $960 per annum; lot 42x75 feet
$7,000 — Handsome modern residence 9 rooms
and bath; high basement; sanitary
plumbing, etc. ; could easily . be re-
. modeled into swell flats; !ot 25x137 :C
feet; mortgage $4000 at 6 per cent
. -* j _ mmm _^^ . - .
SO, 250- — Two well-built 'modern flats 5-6 rooms
* .. . .' and bath '". on Lyon . st., .. near Golden
¦Gate Park; modern plumbing; in Al
" condition; rents $660 per annum; 'lot
25x112:6 feet.
$6,250— Handsome : two-story residence of ¦ 7
. . rooms and bath and 2 rear flats/ 4
.. rooms each;- on Sacramento et., near
Webster; rents £684 per annum; lot 25
.. - X103 feet. :. . .
$6,000— Three modern flats of 8-5-6 rooms and
bath each ; near Fourth ¦ and Howard
¦ >,:.'.V.' sts.: pays $720 per annum; lot 25x
75 feet. .
' $3,500 — Fine site for flats; Laguna st., near
. ' Haight; 2- blocks from Market St.,
lot 25x100 feet" \
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦¦ ' '¦ ¦ 638 Market st
DESIRABLE REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,' *"•>:
'• ¦¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS
,-, > 630 Market st.
Dolores st., east side, 183 feet south of
Twenty-third; lot 31x117:6, with 2 fine flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each, to rear street
Dolores st, east side, adjoining above: lot
30x117:6 to rear street; cars pass
FINE EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS
_ Lot east line of London st.,- 150 feet north'of
Persia, 150x100. ... , .
Lot .west line of Paris st, 150 feet north
of Persia, 150x100; adjoining above; these" lota
reach through from London st to Paris and
are within one block of the Mlsslon-st 'road,
and are original lots 3 and 6, block 12
¦-¦ " :~r. ..-..- '•¦••:•,.- .¦•¦. •" • . . '
> Fine corner lot fronting 150 feet on east line
of Vienna st. -by 100 feet on Brazil .-.also ad-
Joining lot 150 feet on Vienna st, with a depth
east of 100 feet, being lots 1 and 2 In block 64
¦ • ; . ¦"¦ "' ALSO
Fine corner lot fronting 142:9 feet en xve^t
line of Munich st. by 150 feet more ?r
on France ave., being lot 5 in block 80 as plr
map of Excelsior Homestead. ¦' . • p
„, , ALSO
Une large corner lot fronting 500 feet on
easterly line ot Twenty-ninth ave by 120 fet t
on R st, in block 1094 of the outride lands,
' , ¦ ALSO ¦ ¦ . ¦
¦¦ A foothill farm of 240 acres in tho frn«M-o^
¦belt- five mile, from Napa and near thVlKSa
Soda_Sprin K s; the best bee ranch In the Stl'te
Sold to close an " estate as a * whoi^ «r a i
5 a^ IS -T, B1 , d^ Wl11 be "ceivta by C °g e c^APP
PERcivA? 1 s ES^t v^ Ag -S nts - «<> Market S£*£
CuJ r • I f ING ' E8 ?-. Co"" block, Napa
°^. T >, ?12 B6 , a Mo 2 th ' f or a Home. . . ' . -7
.With a small. cash payment you can buv a
Buys a 5-room , cottage ; • sunny side • bav-win
dow front ond rear. 2 mantels; open plumbTnt-
one ; block from . Twenty-aecond-s^eet cars. S>
$10 a month secures you a level hulMin^. i«»"
25x125 and^ only U of a block from Guerrero:
Bold 0 " 8 '' work, done; only 4 lots to fbe
lots; near Kentucky-
street- cars and within 10 minutes of thl
Unicn Iron Works and Potrero? the
$5 ¦ a month: for building lots from $200 up
within one • block . of Twenty-second-st • cars.
A 4 new_home of 4 S rooms ;*level lot, 25x100-
fronting San Mateo cars; for - - ¦ !
$9 80 a.month. y ,> $9 80 a month.' .
FOR SALE BY. B.^G. HAAS, -. . ,-
... Insurance and Real Estate -¦ ¦ V -
• ,-/. 589 Parrott . Building.
$17,500— Lot and- Improvements;: southwest
coiner Fulton, and 'Gough sts; 'lot 60x87:6.
.'. $2700— 8-room dwelling;, north side Elizabeth
st.,. near Sanchez.. >. : ,-,... ,
: Some nice -lots, ¦ corner ' Cole and Carl' sts '' '
: - 1 . . r. , . • :; ROSS ' STATION. - - , -"". .
$2700— Nice cottage of 11. rooms and bath."
. .. r :v.....,">'.. ALAMEDA, : ; •- » * ' ¦
;- $G000—9-room- dwelling; 'on north sld<» San
• Antonio,',' n6ar.WHlowa. .;•-?- V, ..-.- ;I . '
- $7000— 10-room dwellings on south side Clln-"
ton, near Lafayette; facing bay; nicer view. '
CHEAPEST HOMES IN SAN FRANCISCO. '"'•'
,Why ? » Owners ;> must * sell..? -¦ Cottage of . 6
rooms and : summer ' kitchen, - chicken • houses -
barn ' and stables ; '« two . lots, 25x100 ; each ; ' only
$900; , $400 r cash, -balance as- monthly (rent: '
V Lovely, cottage . of . 4 ' rooms, ». chicken houses,
etc. ; 2 large lots,' 25x125 each; near cars; will
sell 'for value of the lots.",--' "s - : " ¦. . : •¦ - „ ;
sjsj Four • large lots ready, for ' building; ¦ adjoining
lots: sold for, $150 each;. will; sell. these for: $90
each. .. }gt¥^giS9SlS^>m^SSI03v^^^ssl^\itgl
ft ¦ If ; you < have bargains In - property ! to sell, or
wish to purchase, call or write to : .., • . - g ¦•;
.THI8TLETON, 272 Sadowa st.'.": Ocean' View.-
A— LOT 68:9x137:6; 'north side 'of Golden Gate
:-,ave.', near Laguna rt.", for sale; #225 per.front
;.; .' foot <\ HOOKER ; & ¦ LENT, :. 14 Post , st^J^;
T-ROOM • cottage ; I small j payment ' down ; J10 a
'menth.'; 3504 Mission st ',0 ' - }^
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE &' CO..
.-I REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
'¦¦¦• -¦:•. •- ' -.--. 218-220 Montgomery st.
'. "We desire to notify the buying public that
we have a number of first-class investmenta
under contract at very low figures. .. Principals
may call and get full particulars.
$35,000— New modern marine vltw residence:
large lot, 65x127:8% ¦ feet; hardwood
- finish throughout; living room, • 17x34
- •' feet; -other rooms in proportion.' ¦
$10,000— Southwest corner Bryant and Zoe sts.,
between Third and Fourth; store and
3 fiats: rents $81 per month; in good
condition; lot' £5xS0 feet"
$10,500 — Leavenworth st, near "Washington;
, ......fine bay-window residence of 8 rooms
.'. and bath; extra large lot 45:6x137:6
-" -"feet • '• " . - . . ¦
$3,000 — Vallejo St.. near Jones; marine view
property; improvements rent for
$27 50; lot 34:9xti8:8r feet
$14,000 — Buchanan St., near Sutter; 3 new flats,
' v Just finished,' 0. 7 rooms and - bath;
every possible convenience; rents
* $112 50 per month; lot, 25x68:9 feet;
a bargain. .
$12,000 — Washington st.. near "Webster; modern
residence of 9 rooms and bath; beau-
tifully situated; large lot, 47: 0x92:4 &
feet. ¦ ¦•: .
$14,400 — Sutter st., near Leavenworth: frame
dwelling of 10 -rooms and bath; lot
25x68:0 feet; one of the few pieces
for sale on this street at this figure.
$14,000 — Devisadero st, near Broadway; 2 new
- ; flats, just finished. -9. .'11 rooms and
bath; very latest Improvements; lot
" ¦- : 26:3x110 feet; rent $140.
$5,000 — Market st., near Sanchez; fine lot;
27:8x110 feet
$6,000 — Mission st., near Sixteenth; store and
flat above of 0 rooms and bath: in Al
condition; rents $540 per annum; lot
25xS0 feet.
$6,500— Vallejo st., near ' Laguna; flne bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and
hath; very latest improvements; rents
i ¦ . for $42 50; lot 22:6x107:6 Wet.
$8,200— Woodward ave.. near Fourteenth st;
3 modern flats. 6. 7 rooms and bath;
rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; flne Invest-
ment.
$6,500— Zoe st, between Third and Fourth,
\ Bryant and Brannan; frame tene-
ments; all rented; In Al condition;'
pays $04 monthly, or over 14 per cent;
one of the best bargains offered south
. of Market st
$850 — Twenty-flrst st. near Potrero ave.; a
•ot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
this price is very much below market
values.
$23,000— Pad flc ave., north line; near Octavia:
residence, 14 rooms and 2 baths; ma-
J» n « view; cannot be taken away; lot
_ ¦ 33x133 feet
$7,250— Fillmore st, near Sacramento; trans-
fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
«r'««Lj ith; renta * 30; lot 25x»O:6 feet
$7,500 — Leavenworth et.. near Broadway.; four
5r5 t0 Pl h ,5 u ? es In good condition; rents
$3,000— The cheapest and best building lot In
the Western Addition; north side Clay
$6.000-cVaSaf. y t° n resTde^o 00 oTio room,
$12,500— Grove st., near Larkln; lot 30x120-
• with fine building of store and 2 ud-
Clty Hau : reDtS |45; X . bloclc *««
$11,500— Post st, sunny side, near Larkln'
111 |6 ° : l0t 2 *= 6x120 fe «
$2,050— 3649 Twenty-first st.. near Church-
m iJffiiFsvis ¦ c '"' : * '"""*
¦¦¦.£4& : £?r3? BS -- t '.«
for'slle. COPX ° f ° Ur » ri «ed list of properties
2M BU CKBEE & CO.
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
LYON & HOAG. " " " "
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Hats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each^
.„_ a" rented; lot 25x106:314 '
tain b and 7 large sunny rooms and all
latest conveniences; kitchen In center
of the house; dining-room, is paneled -
al^rooms prettily tinted; lot 30 feet
$9.750-Rent"?06 50; 3 new flats on Frederick
st; close to Park; contain 6 and 7
• rooms and bath each; lot 25x105" flue
.« r™ property. '
?5,500-Paclfic st near Leavenworth; large
lot 4ox62:6; improvements, store aid
.- ,w. flat: rents * 40 ' c^ 1 * *>e increased
$o,000— Hill st.. near Valencia; Iot30xll4- 2-
story house. 8 rooms^and bath, laundry
and conservatory; terms $1250 cash
balance in monthly installments; on
mortgage, or will trade equity for good
vacant lot; driveway and room for
$2,500 — Nice 5-room and bath (porcelain)
modern In every respect: lot '25x120-
' ,,^ T W i lfth ave "' near ** oi nt Lobos ave.
$3,-50 — Alabama st.. near Twenty-flfth; lot
. 29x100; new 2-story house, « rooms
and bath; also (•Jttage, 4 rooms and
bath; rent ?2b\
$5,500— Rent ?4a; offer wanted; Liberty \st
near Guerrero; lot 30x114; two flats 5
. and 6 rooms and bath; best light and
sun; always rented.
$12,500— Splendid corner investment in the poo-
¦¦ -¦ ular Panhandle district: 4 flne sunny
- flats; always rented; lot 52x104; por-
tion of lot vacant; rent $106
$70,000— Rent ?6000 per annum; leased to one
: , ¦ tenant; fine building; heated by steam-
. lighted by electricity; light and sunny;
¦¦.,', . . . handsome front; splendid investment'
not far from Sutter and Hyde st3.:
very large lot; offer wanted. ¦¦ :¦ .'
LYON & HOAG,
../'-¦ 114 Montgomery st. !
von' rhein real estate co. anc )
, • 513 California' st.
improved. .
$16,080— Vallejo st. near Mason; 38-3%x
13tf:6 with L 39:2%x76:6; 6 front and 11 rear
flats;- rents $150. ¦
$13,000 — McAllister. ¦ nr: Buchanan; 63-9x
137:6; dairy, coal yard and 2 flats; rents $87 oO.
$10,250— Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57 -b-
store and flat; rent $65. . .'
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats; rents
-..- $7500— Corner Twentieth and Dolores- 77-6x
105; old improvements. "
$«750 — Green, near Dupont; 20x137-6- new
3-story building and rear house; rents $'66.
$5750— Broderick, near .Jackson; 25x112-6-
cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Union place,- near. Green st; 20x58-9-
2 houses; rent $41. \ . ¦ " '
$5000 — Leavenworth st, near ' Union- 23x
112:0; 3 new flats;. rent $53. .
"$4750 — Post, near Lyon; 25x137:6: 2 flats-
rents $37. . '
$4750— Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rent?
$41 50. ¦ .;•;/"
I $4500 — Corner Union and Pierce; 30x100 • cot-
tage; rent $22 50.
UNIMPROVED."
$17,000 — Sansome, near. Green; 83:6x137-6
-California, near Webster; 3 lots; each' 25x
137 :6. ..¦•¦. J . ..< v i r r - : ¦ ~..
Corner Buchanan and Pine; .65x81-3- '•» Iota
$5000— Green, .near Polk; 50x115. ' "
« $5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10xl37-C,
$5250 — Corner Jackson /and Locust; 37;6x
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st; 200
$i000 — Union, I "ear Devisadero; 37:6x137-6
$3500— Fulton St., near Fillmore: 32:6xl37*-6
" Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100 V
$3000— Clay, near. Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot
$2500— Steiner. near Waller; 25x1*1:6.
$2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97-6
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114 '
$1300 per lot — Bryant ave., near Twentv-
slxth;2 lots, each 26:8x100. nc '
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105
$9O0 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lota
each 2ts:8xl00. - . . f . . ',
$S5 a front foot — Mission, nr. ; Twenty-elehtn.
- 400- lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; » electric
road .passes. - ¦ ' ... ' . ¦¦
HAWKS &" SKELTON, - -
..Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.'.
$6000— Valencla-st ¦ investment; 2 houses, 7
rooms-each; rents $45; lot 40x85; a bargain
$6500— OTarrell-st investment near La-
guna; rents $50; never vacant; lot is nearly
worth the price. -, .•-« .
$3500— North side Sutter st. between Baker
and Lyon ; good house, ¦ 7 rooms and bath.
. $4000 — Lot ; on Leavenworth , st. , near Green ;
50x60; close to Hyde or Union st cars; will
pay well If imDroved. . . ...-.• , : ,
¦.¦"$6500— Lot : N\V corner Hyde . and Filbert
"sts., 60x137; flne site for building with every
room sunny; good view of bay from upper floor.
$3000 — Lot SE corner Larkln and Filbert sts..
41x62; choice site for home or flats. . ; ¦ -.
$2000— Lot on Fourth ave., 1 near Point Lobos.
50x120 ; street sewered, macadamized ; '. will . di-
vide; make offer." . , - . : .< , .
$0300 — Lot on south side of Jackson st, near
Walnut:; 50x100; near cars ."and 'Presidio.- •
,, HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
FOR sale cheap— Modern 8-room house. ' recep-
': tion hall, porcelain bath. * conservatory, large
..finished basement, 'fine marine view. overlook-
Ming Golden Gate Park; lot 25x140; cost over
$4000; will sacrifice -for quick sale; leaving
s, : city. . See : Owner; premises.^ 1278 Stanyan st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY-— -FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO., 607 MARKET ST..
Opp. Kearny, Real Estate Agents
. ' and Rent Collectors.
• SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
$100.000— Corner: 275x137:6; splendid improve-
ments: rented at $800 per month.
$87,500— Vicinity Sutter and Stockton sts.; »C
feet frontage. '
$58,000 — Geary st., near Stockton; 2 frontages;
no better Inside buy; lfe blocks from
Market st
$35,000 — Half block from Orpheum. one block
. from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
houses.
$40.000 — Geary-st. corner; lot 87:6x137:8; very
substantial Improvements; rents $255;
pays 7 per cent net
$40,000 — Sansome-st corner? 68:9x137:6 feet;
nominal Improvements; rents $212 5U;
want offer.
$35,000— McAllister-st. corner; 83x98: good lm-"
provements; rents $220.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and t
flats; building cost $25,000; lot 68.0x
71; rents $2450 per year.
$30,000— Geary st. near Jones; flne improve-
- ' ments: rents $170..
$11,000— Modern flats; near Hyde and Sutter;
rents f 00.
$0,000— Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown In-
vestment
$5,500— Geary-st. . corner; 62 feet frontage;
half of property Improved; a cheap
buy. -qptyttf
$5.000 — 50 feet frontage; flats; near Sixth st;
rents SOU.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000— Modern Jackson-st. residence; 13
rooms and baths; rents $100. ,
CHOICE X7NIMPROVED PROPERTT.
$41,000 — N. W. cor. California and Jones; 115s
105 feet ; 2 blocks from proposed Fair,
mount Hotel; if improved according
to our plans, can get tenant at $1800
' per month.
$33,000—170x160 feet; suitable for manufac-
turing purposes; "3 frontages; mort-
gage $36,000; Mission st
$30,000—137:6x128 feet; N. W. cor. Gough st;
marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site.
$18,000— McAllister st, close to Fillmore; 73x
137:6. "
$3,000—100x100 feet; on* block from Golden
Gate Park.
BPECK * CO.. 697 Market st.
O. D. BALDWIN A SON.
22 Montgomery st.
$23,000— Hyde, near Geary; 50x8T:8; Just thj»
¦ place for apartment house or hotel;
present improvements rent for about
$120.
$2.500— Very cheap lot; 8cott. west side, be-
tween Hayes and Fell; only one bloc*
from Alamo Square; street accepted;
size 25x100.
$24,000— Rents $153 per month; good Improve-
ments; choice business corner. 86x80;
best business street in the Mission.
$13,000 — Rents $1320 per annum; marine view
fiats of 6, 7 and 9 rooms and bath
each; new, modern, up to date; kitch-
ens in mlddlo of bouse; dining-room*
finished in quartered oak; hardwood
; floors ; these rents can be increased to
$130 per month.
$S,5C0— Rents. I97S per annum; 3 flne flats of
' ' 0, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each; Jack-
son st. Pacific Heights; a first-class
investment.
$2,100 — Corner of Francisco and Jones sts.: 5
',.-t* **:... lots;. only 10 steps from Montgomery
ave. * - -
$9.000 — Rents $75; two flats, north side Sutter;
¦•- C and 7 rooms and bath; lot 34x100.
$25,000— Leavenworth st, near Clay; 77:6x
, • 137:6; elegant improvements; $2160
per annum; tenants pay water and re-
pairs.
$11,500 — Rents $1080 per annum; 60x80 and 3
fine 2-story bay-window bouses; mod-
ern and up to date; Guerrero, near
- Seventeenth st; rents should be raised.
$50,000 — Rents $5OOO.per annum; splendid Im-
provements; inside of Hyde st. near
Sutter; large lot.
$45,000 — Fine corner, with three frontages, on
I ..' Polk st, 250 feet frontage; present
rental $250; can be readily raised;
cheapest piece of inside property on
the market; offered at this low price
t to close an estate.
$7,000 — Presidio Heights; NW. corner lot,
47:6x110; marina view; very cheap.
SEE THIS
$3,500— Fine house of » rooms and bath; 1617
Sanchez st, near Twenty-ninth; open
lor inspection; a bargain.
$18,000 — Rents $155: 3 handsome splendidly
built new flats of 8 rooms and bath
each; large lot on sunny side of Sut-
ter st; fine, location.
$1,500 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath: brick
foundation; near Market and Sixteenth
sts.; lot 25x80; a snap.
$2.850— Lot 25x100. on north side of Hatght
3 1... near Baker; cheap.
SELECTED list of some good purchases in
real estate for sale by "W. J. GUNN, 530 Cal-
ifornia »t.. Savings Union bldg.
$3tt00 — Very cbeap; nice residence and garden
on Octavia st, only built a short time; 5 rooms
and bath; high basement; a neat, pretty home
both outside and Inside; 2 frontages, street In
rear, all street work done and bltumlnized •
25x137:6; full depth: easy reach; not far out:
a few steps from cable cars; flats can be built
to front on the rear street; so situated that
every room has th« snn: easy terms can, be
arranged; location desirable.
$2500 — A flne corner for grocery or flats; SE
cor. Webster and Filbert sts.; 23x100; a few
steps from cable cars; all street work done
A very cheap lot on Pierce st., east side be-
tween Union and Filbert; 28x82:6; desirable on
account of extra width; 3 flats ean be built.
$2500 — A ' grand lot on Broderick st , over-
looking the Presidio, and with a lovely marine
view: good frontage, extra depth of 151:6.
$1250— Greenwich st. near Broderick; lot
30:2x94; street bituminlzed.
$2500— Choice Western Addition corner lot *
Green st: 25x100; flne marine view.
, $2000— Three Pierce st. lots left; 25x100- ele-
vated and having a flne unobstructed marina
view; very cheap; easy terms.
¦ $2125 — Lot 25x110; north or sunny side of
street; near Scott; pretty marine view; all
street work done; on the slope of the hill; very
desirable; cars pass In front.
$2500— Laguna st. lot; 25x137:6; near Green.
$12.000— Beautiful home; Western Addition-
lovely grounds, flne surroundings; large lot-
75x137:6; the lot alone ls> worth the price asked.
$5000 — Northwest corner of Broderick antt
Filbert sts.: 75x108:2; for marine view go ana
look at this lot; It Is a picture and something
grand; take Union st. car. .
Two desirable new flats; no use to describe
them as they are all that can be wished for-
2853-2S57 Broderick St.. Just south from Fil-
bert; charminr location; 10 and 6 rooms; rent
$45 and $30; separate entrance: sublim« marine
view, front and rear; take Union st cars; cor-
ner flat just sold.
$8400 — An income paying; property south of
Market st; flats and storey $78 50 rental; 25x
75: in fine condition.
Two lots in Richmond; so cheap that th»
price Is not given; a great bargain; ready for
building: owner wants to sell; a few steps from
cars; near Clement st
W. J. QUNN". 530 California st.
WRIGHT & EWELL
REAL ESTATE AND FINANCIAL AGENTS
Loans. Insurance 316 Montgomery rt.
$150,000— N. side of Geary St., nr. Taylor- lot
; 75x77:6; two frontages: 3-story new
1 pressed-brlck front building; pays 6
- per cent net. •««¦«*<
$110,000— Lot 60x137:6. with brick improve-
ments, on Powell st.. nr. Ellis. Thla
. , L~* Property has a great future.
$47,500—3. side of Post st. bet. Taylor and
Jones; 70x137:6; wish buyer to im-
prove for first-class tenant.
$60,000 — Lot and improvements. 45:10xl37-6-
Mlsslon St.. nr. Beale; pays 6 per
cent net. .
$50,000— N. side of Sutter st. nr. Powell; 45x
. 137:6, with Improvements; a splendid
.,«~..» buy: Particulars at ofUce
$12,000— Large lot, 55x127 :8*i; Pacific ave
nr. Baker st
$10,500 — Fine modern flats on^Clay and Pi«™»
sts.;. lot 27:6x93:6.
$10,000— Octavia st.. nr. O'Farrell: lot 30x110
. with flne modern house of 14 room*"
and 2 baths, furnace; rents $75^*
month: a flne buy. *^
$6,000— Lot on the corner of Vallejo and Pierce
sts., 00x137? 6,
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st : "V
$500 CASH! PRICE REDUCED!
Balance monthly installments same aa r«nt-
price $3250: lowest bank rate Interest 6 on
cent on deferred payments; handsome new cot-
tage, just completed: 5 large rooms and bath-
n-ftst beautiful marine view in the city 2 lanta
and elegant bay windows; large yard 'in rear-
latest, most Improved nTckle-plated open plumb-'
ing; porcelain bath tub, porcelain sink, tiled-
elegant gas fixtures throughout: gas grate-'
cement wash trays; blrdseye maple mantel'
best painting, graining, varnishing, tinting and
luncrusta throughout halls and dining-room-
dome ceilings; brick foundation; plate-glass
doors; abundance of sun and light all day long-
every modern convenience; water, gas and
sewer connections all made: cement sidewalks-
first-class location; 15 minutes from Kearny
and Market sts. ; on car line; no transferring
to ret downtown.
Don't miss this bargain; It is worth 50 per
cent more than price we are asking; Inspect
this bargain to-day; owner on premises Hyde
and North Point sts. ¦
RIVERS BROS.,
303 Montgomery street.
$60,000 — ELLIS-ST. investment: pays ' over 7
per cent net. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64«
Market st. ' , - - ..
BIG corner. Pacific Heights: good marine view.
-. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$12,000— GRAND Paciflc-ave. lot 40x127 ft
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
$6500 — FELL. ''to rear street: house and flats.
THE, MCCARTHY CO.. 640 Market st.
$5000 — SCOTT st. bet Page and Oak: lot 24:3
r xlO6 :3, f with ; nice two-story, detached house
of 7, rooms and bath; flne basement garden
and conservatory: terms very easy.
$6000 — 20th st and San Carlos av*.: corner;
warm belt; large lot, 37:6x85, with 2-story
- house of 0 rooms and' bath; brick basement
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st
For /Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Seo Page Thirty-eight.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 16, 1902.
38
OAKLAND; ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKUXD REAI/iBSTATE..
LAYMANCE REAL -ESTATE CO., '
'« Of flees, 400 and 462 8th St., Oakland.
'¦-*-"/. «; INVESTMENT. . ¦ " ¦-. -
¦ . $30,000— Eargaln; • two-story buildings, 100-
foot -frontage on - main . street, where property
recently, sold for $400 per foot.';
':,!¦ $20,000— Cheap > to-day , : at $25,000; ¦ some day
.will be .worth $50,000 , to $100.000 ; > business ab-
solutely compelled to center around." as Is now
evident; paying 6 per, cent now; safer than any
savings-bank ¦ and paying . more; likely : to be
advanced any 'day; special reasons for not giv-
ing location, v ... ¦:. * * *
- $12,500 — A .subdivision of lots fronting car
line; choicely located near Berkeley; only
about $7 60. foot} can be sold at great profit;
a special bargain... . .
RESIDENCES. "
, $22,000— A magnificent Piedmont home, re-
plete with all modern conveniences; possessing
advantages of near remoteness . and accessible
seclusion. ¦ • •" : - "...' *"-
$2««O00 — Handsome new home, completely
and elegantly, furnished; selling on account de-
parture. v '¦> ¦: :-.%'. • ..".
• $12,500— A special ; sacrifice .. of " magnificent
modern residence -; In suburbs t of i and In city
limits of .< Berkeley, with 5 acres v choicest
grounds; handsome 10-room home; -cost $25,-
000; must be sold. ' ." *
s$13,600 — Lakeside district: elegant ,. 12-room
modern' home; grounds 100x150. , V •>•<££***$
$7000— Linda Vista; : prettiest 8-room resi-
dence; extraordinary complete; largo lot, stable
and grandly situated for neighbors and view. ,
$5500-*-Vernon Heights;, specially constructed ]
home; -French plate glass; furnace; forcing
sale.' ¦¦ . , .-.-. - - •-'." .'¦' ..•¦' "¦ : . ¦' .• ¦ - ¦' ¦ • - :. I
$4500 and $4000 each— No reasonable offer re-
1 fused . over ¦ present flat loans of $3000 ¦ and
$3500 : on each ; two new Colonial . two-story. 8
rooms; Flemish oak finish dining-room; never
occupied; fronts Telegraph ave.; see Immedi-
ately; choicest, neighborhood;" a pick-up..
$4000 (mortgage $3100)— Eighth-street resi-
dence, recently modernized; 9 rooms, porcelain
bath: 50 feet; -quick offer wanted; fine home.
$3500 — High-class private boarding-house;
elegant furniture; central location; Income $650
per month; rent nominal; Investigate. If mean
business. " - •
$3500 — New*, ; elegant 7-room Colonial, porce-
lain' bath, ; open plumbing, cemented j basement;
lot 40x100; corner Grove street.
$3100 — Right . downtown; . Oak station, north
of Seventh st. ; flne new two-story Colonial, 6
rooms; Just received this week." -
— Storo and flat; business location near
t terminus of Santa Fe.road; bargain. •
1 $1750 — Splendid 6-room house; poultry house,
[ barcv orchard; 'lot 150x140; snap; East Oak-
land. ,¦••¦.¦ .¦ - .---¦ '¦ ¦ .- -, ¦ ; ' '¦:
I $2600— Colonial house, 8 rooms, bath, v barn;
!,terraced lot, 60x150; north side; cholce'loca-
Uon; East: Oakland. T:
$1850 — Must sell; mortgage, $1400; can re-
main;, make offer; r splendid 5-room and bath
cottage, at Clinton station; bargain.
' $1350— Special bargain: 13th and Peralta; .2-
story house, . 6 rooms, in good order.
LOTS.
$2000 — Snap'; near 32d and Telegraph; 90x123;
an extra choice lot. ..
$2250-^Llnda Vista terrace, .70x160; choice-
adjoining lot , sold at $60 per foot.
$4000 — Reduced from $6000; Linda Vista cor-
ner, ¦ 100x126; : grandly situated. .-. -
. $52 50 foot — Telegraph ave. corner; .beauti-
fully situated; large frontage and depth \, fine
for flats/ ¦.¦¦¦. ¦¦¦ :_¦¦¦' ,.
:¦_¦ $5000— Foreclosure; snap; 200 feet; frontage
close in; worth to-day $10,000.
$1050 — 10th ave. ; snap: 60x160; 5 adjoining
and; opposite property held $40 foot; mortgage
$800. .' - - .
BERKELEY. A BERKELEY. x BERKELEY.
We j have secured an exclusive contract ' for
the . sale : of » absolutely the v choicest . residence
property In Berkeley, opposite and adjoining
Its . finest homes, fronting Telegraph, Bancroft
and. Durant avenues; prices $45 per foot and
upward. / . ¦ - - ¦' - .
; LAYMANCE REAL. ESTATE CO.. '
offices, 460 and 462 8th St..
' . ¦ . ' • ' - ' Oakland.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
803 Broadway, Oakland.
A BARGAIN LIST.
$2250— Lot 50x100; on the south side of 11th
St., between Jackson and Madison sts.; plenty
of sun; fine Improvements on both sides; prop-
erty opposite held. at $100 per foot.
$2750— Lot '60x100; east aide of Oak it, 50
feet* south of 12th st. ; this is a. very desirable
lot and is the cheapest lot on Oak st.; there is
a - beautiful "colonial" . stable on it that cost
$2200 to build and was only used three months;
the lot and Improvements cost over $7000; must
be sold at once. - . * - . •
$2250 — Lot 40x100; on Madison St.; near 13th,
'west side; best location in Oakland; nothing on
this street in this location for less than $90 per
foot. * ¦_.'¦•'¦¦:
$3000—60x100; NE.- corner Eighth and West
sts. ;. best corner In Oakland for flats; only one
block from Market st.- station; nothing. In this
location at this price. -
v - ¦ ¦¦¦'¦, $3750. '¦>.>¦ i
I Best chance ever offered to get a new modern
home right In town; lot 34x100, : on west side
Valdez St., between 23d and 24th • sts., facing
east; getting the morning sun;- lot stands about
6 feet above grade; stone wall and steps; the
house is "colonial," having seven rooms, bath,
cement basement: every modern improvement:
elegantly finished inside; take Piedmont cars
and get off at Valdez.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
603 Broadway, Oakland.
. : " ¦ ¦ ' ¦ '
'.¦¦'.'¦••¦'-• ' . '--¦'"
E. J. STEWART & CO.. .
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$700— Fine corner lot on Telegraph ave.; SOx
... . '. 113; snap; see It at once.
$1850 — New modern 6-room cottage; all mod-
ern conveniences; electricity; ..gas:
bath, etc.; lot 44x100 feet; 6
-blocks from local; easy payments If
, desired.
V • -. :. -• - ¦ '. ¦'¦ . ¦ " .
$3500— Just completed; In Linda Vista Terrace;
. ~ ¦ 2-story ' house with 7 rooms . and . bath,
with. all modern conveniences: complete
.. In every respect; large lot 40x126; flne
: ,vlew; surroundings best Jn city; 1 block
- from • electric cars ; easy , terms to right
parties. - / /, y.
Valuable building lots in Oakland Heights,
adjoining Linda Vista Terrace, only $20 per.
foot; street- work. all done; see these before
the price . advances. .'.'.;.;
t , Some flne ranches In Southern > California.
¦ as well aa In the central and southern por-
tions of the State, to exchange for Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda property. , . -
E. J. STEWART & COl.
j ¦.•¦..-¦"-. 1008 Broadway. Oakland. .
! $3850— ACTUAL ' VALUE $4500. ,:
|. 1. .Brand new colonial house; open and nickel
' plumblns;^7 rooms and bath; driveway,
! lawn; an ideal, home; a No. I. location; ,con-
• venlent to business center, cars, schools, . etc ;
'only $1000 cash,- balance on mortgage.
" J. S. MYERS. ¦
¦ 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2750— ORIGINAL COST $4300.
-- 2 fiats, 5 room and bath each, near Market-
: 'i st. station,' business center, and . local train;
always rented; a good Income; a splendid in-
vestment f seeing , is believing; call early.'
- I ' J. S. MYERS, .'
. .1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1650— TWO -COTTAGES. L'7
• 8 rooms each ; large : lot: ,' well rented : ; near
local station, business center, etc. ; land alone
.worth the money;, first come first served; my
I - instructions are to sell, or rather give It
„ away at this price. . J. - S. - MYERS, ;-
¦ y- . ¦ • 1002 Broadway, Oakland. -
7! ~ . ...-¦ .--..-¦ v - ¦ ¦• - . , - ~ ¦ "
$3500— WORTH $4500; 0-room' new house; near
¦ local: 60x200.- - .. . .-¦- • ' .
-¦-,:$ 1400 — 6- room. cottage; central; 60x75; first
come • gets a bargain. »,'- ¦-«-, ,
$500 an , acre . for. land ' In Oakland, near
cars; large list of acreage for sale; call early
and get a bargain.^"
¦'.;. 12 chicken ranches of all sizes for sale; ln-
vestlgate before you buy. -. .
" : $700— Dairy business, paying $90 per month
net. BSjffiS^WSSSgg
1 Colony lands, from- 10 to 50,000 acres.
• Timber) lands ; ¦ coaJ lands.
• Thirty-page catalogue of homes. . -,
', Before . you buy ' or -, lean your ; money on
; California real estate get my : opinion ' of -. its
l - . value. .:.'-. ¦ . . . . . . . .'¦
\Will build you a house to suit. ' \ ; . v
¦- • - \ - y ;• .-." E. E. BUNCE.
052 Broadway,'
• \ Oakland. Cal. • ,
$350 CASH, $7' 60 monthly: cottage of 5 rooms ;-
s large -barn;-.: chicken-house^-good '¦' well of
.. water, ¦; also • city ; water and sewer;;' Immense
•'--; fruit ; trees ; . assorted - small y fruit 'f. in ' abun-
'-.. dance ; . shrubbery " and ' flowers t in 1 profusion ;
' nice": cheap- 'home; (¦;• lot v 37:6x203, feet,, all
'¦-' fenced;; ; l',block':from.electricicars and fine
'¦p. model : schoolhouse ; adjoining ; East ' Oakland ;
'>¦ no; fogs nor -raw winds;, price all told $925.'
V." Call ' or ; send j for.; circular. /: 455'. Seventh • st.,'
.. v 'oppoelte ' BroadwayN- station, ,- Oakland; ; car-
rlage free.. H. Z. ¦ JONES, » Land Owner. w '. V
i Oakland ;.: FURariTiiRB'v;.' forV sale.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. - H.
f~ SCHELLHAAS." 408 Eleventh 1 St.. Oakland^- '
FHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. - ;
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;'
T; no 'operation: ino detention:, from business; all
> private ' diseases \ treated ' successfully ; - consul-
\xi tatlon free. ; Drs. 'Forden & Porterfleld,- 6 .Turk.'
A— DR. « OLIVE GRUVER,' < lady < physician : and
r % curgeon, at 1122 Market st. ; , hours 10 to 8.
DR." C.* C- O'DONNELL^-Offlce 'and : residence,
1 1021 ">A Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh., •
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
,.'; BERKELEY REAL"' ESTATE.'.? lp.\
MUST be sold;' a. modern high'-base_ment V,
room cottage, brick foundation, china closet,
, folding doors, etc. ; large lot; near station;
. : good 6-foot board fence about lot; price $1400,
•.$200. cash, balance .same as rent. - •_¦ ":¦¦_* '¦ ¦ : -:
.'- HOME; REALTY. CO. .
"j A • chance to secure a i flne . modern home on
very easy terms: 7 rooms; ¦ everything up-to-
date; large lot: street work" all done and cenient
walks about house ; > near station : price $2750,
$300 down. 'v : HOME REALTY CO. -, ,
5-room cottage : 'modern plumbing, folding
doors, flne mantel,' high basement, brick foun-
dation, etc.; only one block from station; street
work all done; price $1800; easy terms.,- ..
HOME REALTY CO.. ¦ ..
Lorln Station. v Berkeley, Cal.
Open ' Sundays. , - 1
$1500— THE best bargain ever placed upon- the
market; 1%-story house, 7- rooms and bath,
large elevated lot, 60x120; > nice f rult trees ,
etable. chicken-house, etc.; • 1 rt»tjy:.- Place,
lovely view; three blocks from loci] trains
In the beautiful residence, city of Berkeley,
street work all done; easy terms.
$6000— Berkeley home for sale ; , ; elec"* new
home of 11 rooms and bath; large finished at-
tic; all modern improvements; stable and car-
riage-house; cement sidewalks ; street work all
completed; large lot. 60x135; 8 blocks from
Berkeley station; 10 minutes', walk. from uni-
versity bulldlnz. - ¦ L "' i-'-Zin' 1^
E. J STEWART & CO., - ,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
ONLY $600— A flne corner lot ¦- on _ University
ave.: elze 60x100; street work done. JOS.
J.; MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$2000— CORNER lot, 50x159:0; street work all
done; near electric R. R. and university.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
¦-- tlbn." \ ¦ ¦ - . ' - ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦" ••'•.•• ¦- - - ' -' ¦ v .'-
CHOICE lots In the Kellogg property, fronting
•on Oxford St.. near the university.- JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
ONLY S2700— Fine 2-story house of 7 rooms;
lot 50x130; near the station; electric .cars
< pass the property." JOS. J.. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley station. - ;
NEW 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered- corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 ?500 cash, balance monthly: ,.4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley,
train. . - - ' • • ¦_ ¦"
$1750— $550 cash balance flat loan. Paclflo
Home Building Company. 39 Nevada block,
San Francisco.. ¦ ¦ ¦..•.-
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITY ALB REAL ESTATE.
H A PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal. .'
$150 — Choice ' lot, 60x1 OS, fronting on mac-
adamized street; three " blocks \ from electric
$375 — House of 2 large rooms; chicken house;
10 fruit trees; lot 50x130; one block from elec-
tric cars.
$750 — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms, stable and
chicken house; city water; lot 75x100; two
blocks from electric cars ; easy terms If de-
sired. ' ¦• . . ¦'•'¦'¦- <-', .
$850 — Cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished; pan-
try and closets; 7-foot basement and good brick
foundation; fine well and pump; chicken house,,
etc; lot 81x108; all fenced.
$1200— Two acres of rich 60II fronting on
High st.; choice location; only one block from
electric cars. .
$1700— Chicken ranch of 214 acres; house of 5
rooms, stable, chicken' houses; good well and
force pump; flne location; only one block from
electric cars. . ¦ " ;
$2200 — New modern cottage of B rooms and
bath; hall; high basement,- . and all modern
Improvements;, fruit trees, etc. ; lot 72:6x360;
all fenced, and cross fenced; fronting on main
county road. ¦......•
A new home for $2600 on" easy terms ; $160
cash, $30 monthly; pretty colonial style house
of 6 rooms and basement; .large hall; flne brick
mantel: open plumbing; porcelain bath; tiled
sink; stationary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted
and frescoed; lot 60x107; all fenced; located in
the choicest part of Frultvale; handy to schools
chmrches and within walking distance of local
train. For particulars apply to H. "A. PLEIT-
NER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; . 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of -6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit or-
chard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. -
HOME BUILDING CO.. : Fruitvale ave.--. »,
$1000 — House, 6 rooms and .bath; lot 112x
112; barn; % mile from station; $100 cash, bal-
ance $12 50 per month.
$1500 — House, 6 rooms and bath; . 4 short
blocks from station; $200 cas^i, balance $18 20
per month. - . -
$1800— House, 9 • rooms, bath, mantel, sta-
tionary tubs, high basement: 2 blocks 'from
station; $."00 cash, balance $21 per month.
$1700 — House, 6 rooms and bath; lot 36x124;
nice stable; 1 block from car line; 4 blocks
from station; $300 cash, balance $19 60 per
month. -¦
$600— House. 3 rooms; lot 50x100; good well*
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3 blocks from
Haywards car line, "Fltzburg." ¦ . ¦ -
$1500— House. 5 rooms and bath; lot 60x164-
$21 per month will buy this home; "Forest
$1000 — House, 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash
balance $12 CO per month; "AUendale Tract"
W. E. RUDELL, •
Home Building Co., Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington st. -"*
Office hours 8 a. m. to. 6 p. to., Sundays in-
1 eluded.. . ¦ , • .
$6 50— Al CHICKEN ranch; plenty -of good
water; 475 chickens, 6 ducks, 1 cow, modern
Incubator laixe broodery, 3 bropders and
number of chicken houses; well laid out and
nicely fenced: bone mill, meat Krinder and
garden tools: $500; 2 acres rich land at a
bargain; near steam and electric cars; model
school. Call or address HULL & LEE, XV,
blocks from .Frultvale station. Fpiitvale ave!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE-^1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ] "1 ", ,
BUY BEFORE THE RISE. ~ ¦"-' '.:--" ~
" -',. . LOOK, THESE UP TO-DAY.
$1000— Cczy cottage of 6 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall, porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny side; street work and walks
complete ; near cars and school ; terms " If de-
sired; No. 1743 Filbert St., near 26th; go and
see it to-day; owner will be there.- ¦.*. ,-¦ v .
$3250 — Big bargains ;' off er wanted ; two cozy
cottages of 4 and 5 .rooms; right on Broadway
In the immediate vicinity of St. Mary's Col-
lege, the site of the. new Merritt Hospital. and
the route and the terminal of the Santa Fe R
R.; rents for $324 per year now; may double lii
value In a year; room to build 2 or 3 more cot-
tages; lot 05x150, with double frontage; elec-
tric cars right; in front: street complete; all; In
fine condition; on the best street -in -Oakland •
look this vb at once. - - . - .'.":. ..-.-'.¦ .,..-..
. $1400— Close to San Pablo ave.; house of '7
rooms and bath; all . in - first-class condition*
Btreet work all • done ; \ easy terms can be ' ar-
ranged. .'— '_•• ; - " ¦ ¦ ' . . . '- : . .
$250 In all — Lot on Twenty-eighth" st. ; sunny
ride and street work, all done;' west of San
Pablo ave. J.
$2250 and $3850-^-Two flne homes of 6 and 8
rooms; lots 29x100 and 46x100; Nos. 1 674 and 676
8Sd st./ near Grove; choice location; all- mod-
ern; open; sloping lawns; ; .handy .--to school'
churches and cars. .- . ¦ ' . *
$12,500 — One of the finest residences '¦ In Oak-
land, containing 11 rooms: , thoroughly modern
and In first-class condition, throughout; heater
8 large mantels,' large -reception hall; : north
corner, . 100x120 : feet; . : sunny - ¦ all day; ; choice
home property and very suitable for. a site for
elegant flats; would bring 'big. rentals;, present
Improvements rent for ¦ $720 per year; only >. a
few -blocks from Broadway, In the ¦ very best
part of town. ¦- ¦¦ ' " '
-¦ $10,000 — A model -sanitarium or.: boarding-
house; sunny comfortable home of 22 rooms (all
opening on the hall),' 2. baths, 8 mantels; all In
fine condition; large veranda; lot 100 feet front'
sunny side, near, cars ;¦ not far out;, will accept
$1000 cash, balance monthly.;- ,-; :-v-;:^ -.j. i-.f-
GEORGE 1 W. AUSTIN/, .,"¦
400 10th St., near. Broadway, : Oakland. •„,
LOOK THIS UP TO-,MORROW! f.: ;,;:..; . v
Seven new cozy homes of 5, 6,^7, and 8 'rooms'
each, - with latest • style j plumbing, . tinting. ' etc 7
, etc. ; all' pretty ' and modern ; . lots : 40 ' feet < front
(or : more if desired), , ¦ with , -x elevated,'- sloping
lawns, * stone walks ; and • street 1 work " all > done ;
terms' $250 * DOWN 1 and i monthly,: payments f of
$25 and upward; located on "Merrimac or Twen-
ty-eigl )h '-.-> et.,'-.- ¦ between i ave.' "¦ and
Grove"st. ; j handy ; to school,- churches ; and ! elec-"
:tric cars, and within walking distance of town;
take Telegraph; ave., or Grove st.* cars direct.to'
. the £ property.;'! See" W.-T.;' HARRIS ¦ on the
premises to-morrow, or GEO. W., AUSTIN, 460
Tenth: st., Oakland. . * \- .v^»'
LOOK THIS; UP, TO-DAY. "• .; V , ' - • .-.-¦
Pretty, homes, new ; and; modern, , flve . to
, ? eight ; rooms,', with every t convenience ; t latest
' style • plumbing; ; lots f 40 . feet i front ; (or"! more,
*. if desired) ; •; lawns ; ,, stone ? walks - and v street
t „ w6rk i , complete; - moderate < prices . and s> easy
: terms. .¦ Vacant -. 40-foot , lots ;> $S00 1 to ¦ $1000;
'; , very, desirable ; in t every .; respect'; s, near J school
and X churches and " two ," electric & lines ; - ; ele-
vated " ground ; : Merrimac 1 or. Twenty-eighth
st., between; Telegraph:ave."-'artdrGrove'st.
See W. V T. * HARRIS.*; on « the"; premises or
. GEO..W.-, AUSTIN,'; 460 Tenth st..~ Oakland. ?,:
NEW house ; on i Oakland SHeighta,;* with large
, lot; • a bargain. '•..'Apply , to • P. • W. - ANDER^
- BON,. 28 San Pablo. ave., Oakland.,*.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY.— For Sale
AT your own price, to accornplishi quick 'sale,'
cost $3000, 21 acres choice land, > 500 bearing
prune trees; 400 apple trees. 4 years old; 5-
" room house, barn; chicken-houses, : etc. ; ex-
cellent well; immediate possession; might
rent or exchange for vacant lots if -I' do -not
eell. Addresg'or apply (forenoons) to S. H.
CHALMERS. 44 Third' st.y room 542. ' -;.'-,t.
A CHEAP stock ranch and general f arm.. < 361
acres at $10 per acre; 7 miles .from, a' large
town, Alameda County; on county rrad; 100
acres farming; no waste land; fenced ; Tic-use,
barn, etc.; abundance spring .water;.- school
2 miles; this Is a bargain for some one. H.
H. CRANE, 608 California st.> ,¦"'- • . p .
PLEASE note — I have, a furnished home, for
, rent between San Mateo and Menio Park;
the home Is correct, so Is the price. ' EDGAR
C. HUMPHREY. Call bldg., or Palo Alto.
280 'ACRES ¦• unimproved land; Tuolumne ; Co. ;
also 160 acres Mariposa Co.; wood and water;
road crosses both places; cheap,* cash. Par-
ticulars box 4497, Call.
FOR sale — 80 acres, near Santa Rosa-; . rough
land; -warm belt; $15 per 'acre. Box 4-1SS,
Call office. . . . './,
ELEGANT tract of land cheap; will grow any
thing; will pay $5000 to $35,000 additional for
city property. . Box 4201. Call.' | ¦¦:
RENT or sale— -82 acres, near Napa; 300 bear-
ing trees; water. 410 Jersey sL "
STOCK' ranch; 920 acres; -Sonoma County; no
agents. Box 4218, Call. ' -
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— —
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
8an Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st... for
pamphlets and information. ¦ ***"
; FOR eale— .The beet and most profitable land
in the West: come to Watsonvllle, Cal., be-
fore purchasing elsewhere: send for cata-
logue. ... R. P. QUINN,
Real Estate, WatEonvllle. Cal. ¦
Santa Clara Valley. San- Jose and Ponfnsular
properties, fee WOOSTER. . WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. P.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
\ lands to eell: right locality; big money; easy
X payments. HSALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st. .
SONOMA and Mendocino county lands; write
for circular. J. T. Peters. 11 Montgomery.
SCUURBAN REAL. ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY PARK. :
Beautiful lots, 50x150 and larger; water, sew-
ers and flne roads; wooded and open; $300 to
$700; easy terms; one- third of tract already
sold. ,
COLE TRACT— ROSS VALLEY.'- -'i -'
Lovely new cottage on superbly -wooded large
lot; $3500; easy terms. •• . .
Fine large wooded lot adjoining, $700.
ROSS VALLEY. .
$30,000 — Grand country finely Improved;
a few minutes' walk from Ross Station; a
great bargain.
$15.000 — IV, acres; beautifully timbered; resi-
dence, stable, etc.; extremely attractive.
. ' ean Rafael; .
West End residence; large grounds In fine
order; $30,000; very choice.
$12.000 — Beautiful home and grounds near
Hotel Rafael and broad-gauge depot. . -
$10,000 — Another lovely home near Hotel Ra-
faeL ... . ¦ .-.. -
$10,500— Still another charming home near Ho-
tel Rafael, in Coleman Addition.
I have fine properties on line - of the new
North Shore electric R. R. from Sausallto up
to San Rafael. GEO. A. RAYMOND.
. Seventh floor, room 2, Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE residence In Berkeley, worth $CO00, to
exchange for vacant lot In Western Addition.
W. B. EASTIN. 401 California st. .
A — NICE place in Oakland to exchange for
ranch. Address A. J. J.. box 192, Oakland.
WHAT have you to trade for 160 acres located
oil land? 3504 Mission et. -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ItEAL ¦ ESTATE.
$750 — LOT '33:4x85; cottage of 4 rooms' and
bath; street work done; near station.
$1750 — Lot 60x140: 2-story house; 7 rooms.
$2200 — Lot 37:6x150; flne cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; lawn, flowers and fruit; near
school and station. - ...
$2000 — New 6-room cottage: near station.
$2900— Lot 40x175; up-to-date new cottage of 7
rooms and bath; ~ $500 cash, $25 » per
month; fine neighborhood.
$3300 — Lot 40x176; new 2-story house of 8
rooms and bath; first-class neighbor-
hood; near station; $750 cash. $27 per
month. ; .
$6000 — Lot 100x150; 8-room .modern home;
lawn, flowers, orchard; flne stable; near
station and school ; great bargain.
$4500 — Lot 42x150; flne NE. cor. In flrst-claeii
, neighborhood, with 2-story house of 8
rooms and bath; inlaid floors and-bll-
liard-room; $1000 cash," balance to suit;
great bargain. . '
Houses to let; choice lots at low prices.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1422 Park st. .
SEE OUR PROPERTY for sale; homes In* all
parts of Alameda.
GREAT BARGAINS. : "-* ;
$1000 — Good cottage, 6 rooms; best location;
a snap.
$1500 — 6-room 2-story house; large lot; must
be sold. - "
$1500— 6-room cottage; lot 40x140.
$1650— 6-room house; modern; deep lot; a
bargain. • ¦ .
$1900 — Fine 7-room cottage; lot 40x207. '.."
$2450 — Nice 7-room cottage; lot 60x150; a
snap. ' ¦
$2500— Elegant 2-story 6-room house; lot
42x125. ¦ .•¦; ;
$3000— $-room cottage; choice location- lot
60x100.
$3250 — 8-room house; lot 40x207; carriage-
house and windmill.
LOTS IN ALL PARTS OF ALAMEDA.
Purchase a home In Alameda. .
Houses built, rented and exchanged. - > ~' •- 5
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
1500 Park 6t.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$2500 — FINE, modern. 5-room cottage; north
side of street; near station and school.
$2500 — 7-room cottage on San Antonio ave
near Walnut St.; lot 50x150; this Is a
snap; the cheapest snap in the city.
$1750— 7-room house; lot 60x150; windmill,
tank, chicken-house; a bargain.
$5000— New modern 7-room house on Central
ave.; very best location; now building.
Office open Sundays and evenings. Cor-
respondence solicited. Trades a specialty .
HAMMOND A HAMMOND^
- . . 2326 Santa Clara ave.
$1800 — LOT and cottage of 5 rooms; $400 cash!
$15 per month.
•• :-¦ $1140 — Corner lot, 38x120; Santa Clara ave
and fiherman st. .-. ¦ , "
$700 — Lot 30x110; Santa Clara ave. ; will
build on these lots on terms to suit. J H
YOUNG, builder. 12*3 Park St.. Alameda. .
H. G. MEHRTENS. 1620 Webster I Ala-
meda. — Real estate property bought and sold;
rare bargains this -month; send for list;
houses rented. ?>* •
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
ALAMEDA elegantly furnished residence of 9
large, sunny rooms, northwest corner 1837
Clinton ave., cor. Lafayette St., v Narrow
Gauge Chestnut-st. station, from April 1,
for. cummer months or longer. , Apply at
' premises. WtEPSfPSvfm - ...
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
2 SUNNY furnished rooms suitable for 2 gen-
tlemen or desirable - for light ¦ housekeeping.
Box 36C5. Call office, Oakland. , . . • ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1900 — NEW five-room cottage; lot > 85x122 :6*
street work . all done; 2 blocks to train and
cars; only $100 down, balance less than rent;
. only $15 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO. ;
$2100— $200 CASH," balance $20 per month; less
than rent; 6 ; large rooms, 8 foot basement
concrete foundation 2 ft. "¦ high; porcelain
bath, tiled sink,' flne sideboard and mantel,
tinted walls, stationary tubs, gas fixtures ; all
complete to move Into; lot 45x100. W C
MORAN & CO.
$2200 — NEW 7-room house; lot 60x140; % block
to cars; on 80 ft. 6treet. W. C. MORAN &
CO.
$2500 — 8-ROOM house; corner, lot 1 45x100* all
sewered; clty.water connected; will trade. for
ranch . of equal value or : will sell .' for $100
down, balance $20 per month; " 1 block" from
¦ new, railroad. • W." Cv MORAN & CO. :.;,-¦
SEE Wheeler Tract. before prices raise: 33 lots
, already sold. W. C. MORAN & CO.,* Loriu
.Station and Schmidt block. Berkeley. > "
* 5 II£~ FINE T, 2 ~ Btory hous <5 of 7 rooms; lot 60x
1BO; near U. C. grounds and electric "R. R.
JOS. J. MASON,
. Real . Estate, -
- • ' Berkeley Station.
$8300— THOROUGHLY well built house ' of 9
rooms; window shad's; combination^ fixtures; >
corner lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk; only 2% blocks from station" and 1
•Week from electric railroad. .
' JOS^J.* MASON,
-.'. Real: Estate, .
- - ' Berkeley; Station.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms ' and . bath : hiKh '- base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK,- 614 Pine.*
_ _ :;. MINES AND MINING.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING ' MINING , SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
' COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
COPPER KING MINING SYNDICATE.
This company Is making good progress In
, the development of Its copper-gold properties
In Pierce County, Washington. We have brief
- reports of r a . second • new strike In the ledge
¦ on "Stray (Beauty" claim, and expect fuller
¦ Information In a few - days. -
¦ FOUR NEW PROPERTIES.
."The syndicate has Just bonded four new
copper-gold properties - on Prince of. Wales
Island Alaska, and - sends " us ore therefrom
,, • showing values of $18 to $33 per ton. These
'mines are on deep water." and the ore can
be delivered to" the smelter at small expense.
MACHINERY ; NEEDED.
More stock must be sold for. the purchase
of machinery, and In order to realize quickly
prices will remain for a short time as here-
tofore — 6c cash or 6c on. easy Installments.
This Is a good speculative buy. Write for
prospectus and reports.- -
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY A TRUST CO.,
. Hayward building, cor. California and Mont-
gomery sts.. San ' Francisco. Cal.
OWNERS of Market Street Railway stock will
• find shares of Tacoma Company Steel Cor-
poration a more profitable holding and equally
safe. , It promises to become a big dividend
- payer and some people have enough faith In
It and their own Judgment to sell their bonds
and mortgages * and buy Tacoma Company
shares while the price Is low. Prospectus for
the asking gives full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY, & TRUST
CO., Haywards building. San Francisco.
MINES! MINES'. MINES!
Wanted Immediately, large gold, sliver and
copper properties. We can place mines up to
any amount if worth price asked. Do not
want prospects. Correspondence promptly an-
swered. J. F. JENKINS A CO., 134 South
Broadway, Los Angeles. Cal. -
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
for a good party to act as director in opening
the "Wabash Mine." near Amador, on mother
lode, near Keystone mine. Room 406, annex
to Call. 3. F. • .
-FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 103-197 Fremont St.
15-K.W. WESTINGHOUSE generator $250
• 200 light generator, engine and boiler... $500
8 h-p. boiler and engine, centrifugal 4-ln. •
pump, belt, pip*, etc $200
25-h. p. boiler and engine, complete $2S0
48x16 return tubular boiler....... $250
40 h.p. fire box boiler (locomotive). .....$175
« h.p. vertical boiler $00
H. S. WHITE, 180-132 Beale st.
A— BUY8," sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc , WHITELAW. 263-265. Spear st.
BAR fixtures.: big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust; elegant
quality; condition finest; cost originally $225,
for $100 cash. Box 3896, Call.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; -money back it , not satisfactory.
KAHN A CO., 209 Battery st., San Francisco.
ONE 25 H. P. steam engine power lathe. 14
feet, complete with tools; good as new. Box
4467. Call office.
$15— DOMESTIC - sewing machine; 6 drawers;
. attachments ; , good order. . 1671 Market st.,
near Twelfth. ',
WANT to sell or borrow money on 8 diamond
rings, diamond pendant, diamond earrings and
ladles' gold watch; no dealers. Box 4237, Call. ,
FINE automobile: will exchange for 75 H. P.
engine, motors or real estate. Address box
8663, Oakland.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery it.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $63. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
LOT of fine antique mahogany furniture: beds
bureau, side board. 313 27th St.. nr. Churchl
NEARLY paid-up contracts of Tontine Savings
Assn. .of Minneapolis. Box 4210, Call office.
FOR sale — Good mining property' In Nome;
good location. Box 4229, Call office.
ARK, new and completely furnished;, price
$400. Particulars box 4208, Call office.
FOR sale— Spaniel; broke land or water; also
2 pups very cheap. | 608 Post st.
BRICK for sale; bats and filling free. Battery
and Union Bts. . "
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
.TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission at., bet.' 1st and 2d sts.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ";. :~ ~
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
NEW home and Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 896 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HSR-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
- United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TIMBER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
. will pay stumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dreas box 4484. Call office. . . - '
WILL pay cash and good , prices for old seal-
skins; address at once; will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 8276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — One billiard ;and one pool table;
bargain for cash. Apply The Racine. 601
Post st.. cor. Mason. ,'-•:
WANTED — Rolling top office desk. Address,
stating price,: . 1006 Valencia st.
WANTED — Small Ice plant,- %-ton up In
good order. Box 4477. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
- - , MONEY : TO ; LOAN.
A^HERM^N~MU^plfr^60i^6^^»mliaer%dg
.........$4,600,000 at Lowest Rates....
'„ On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates........
......Property Being Held In Trust........
' .....Undivided Interests In Real Estate..;..
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
....:.. ...IF YOU NEED MONEY..
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
~ City. - Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in, real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel: Red 6024; 7th floor, Crocker building.
AN Y. A MOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages.'.
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages . and legacies bought; no delay..*..
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
•...:;; : R. McCOLGAN..........;.....
.........24 Montgomery st., room 3.........
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
' second and' third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, - Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing, and mer-
cantile , Interests, 1 corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle blg.\ GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603. HESS!
HIGHLY " respectable , private * place to obtala
liberal advances on " diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
• Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 - Third.
'ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal -
: lowest, rate ; private.- confidential. ORMSBY*
26 Montgomery st., room 7, opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit In city
*.;.- $150,000 on . large ranches • at ' fair | rates; I sec-
. ond.mortgs. R.J.i Mercer & Son; 412 Pine.
ON real estate,* 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
- nlture or . pianos ; r no removal ; . any amount*
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.. room 36.'
A PRIVATE party. loans any amount on furnl-
- -ture,' pianos; no removal;. low rates; conflden-
tlal. , WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOU S LEY;cO.:..V?!°?l43 0 ph^^ oSfc
ON " • furniture. ¦ pianos;. 1 no ; . removal; money
! quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party, v 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates ' on '. furniture. '. etc.;? toy i private
- ; party • ino removal ; . no commission ; conflden-
tlal. Room -:3. Conservatory bldg.; 301 Jones.
$10 UP on furniture," pianos; ' no com. ; " private
"party^-St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir!
$5^60 PER month repays $1000 loan;stOD nay-'
Ing rent. -MURDOCK. 514 Pine st. '
O^iL^ ericent ' on fu rniture: $5 a month on each
¦ $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery «t° r? I
Money > loaned salaried ; people i without security.
. .HIL.L, r. 44, Merchants'. Excp 431 Calif ornlj.
MONEY TO . 1OA5— Continued.
CASH loaned salaried pecple "on note without
lndorser., MORRELL. 601> Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
¦ IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy, it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no fndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
,
v - MognEnr yANTEp. .
WANTED— $1000 on suburban lots; county ln-
ter&3t. Box 4496, Call office. - '-¦-...
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL must go without reserve. Sale open*
Monday morning at 8. First callers will get
first choice of 150 pianos. Some special bar-
gains:
1 Sommer ...........................$28
1 Antlsell $3»
1 Newnaa (small upright) ...$85
1 Sherman A Hyde ....$93
* Chlckerinjrs from $135 to $233
" 8 Steinways from $135 to $393
87 Helnes from $185 to $593
80 new upright pianos exactly the same as
offered as bargains by others for $133 we will
sell for $98. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Paclflo Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINE PIANO CO..
. Geary St., opp. Union Square.
THE Simplex piano player Is the most won-
derful of all piano players; It plays music
In such a way as to captivate the best
musical people, because Its playing Is not at
all mechanical, the expression being perfect^
and the manipulation the simplest: Call and
bear them play, and play them yourself, at
any time. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 760 Market st. '/¦
DECKER & SON, Wlssner and Baumeister
pianos, as well as many good second-hand In-
struments at MAUVAIS' , 769 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemtnxly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
est assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. 7.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 119.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 np.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ Sk
EON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Masoa
A Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. ¦
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c * teTtii W *
piano from us. - KOHLER A CHASB. 30
O'Farrell st. ; established 1850.
SOHMER A CO. pianos; Byron Mauiy pianos;
Lester pianos; Spielmann pianos; Ceclllaa
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 808. 310.
812 Post st. '" ¦
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square planoe, $3* up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $273.
Bowers A Son. 23 Bth st.. Ivers A Pond agts.
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION! ~~"
Everything must go; PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for storage, $40 up. W1L-
BON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
" renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. B6O Hayes st.
.WE offer for one week 12 beautiful piano* at
bargain prices from $85 up. F. w. SPBN*
CER A CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allea
Co.. 931 Market st. -
MAHOGANY upright; nearly new; must be
sold by Sunday night. 1648 Hyde st.
"WILL pa^V$100 cash for good second-hand
standard make piano. Box 4204. Call office.
Absolute sacrifice — Beautiful tone high-grade
upright piano; going East. 811 O'Farrell st.
3 LEADING pianos. Steinway, Checkering,
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S, 1729 Mission.
WANTED — Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st.
2 ELECTRIC self-playln* pianos; bargains.
BYRON MACZY. 310 Post St.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, slthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best to America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FIRST, 221 — Corner basement. 40x72 feet; good
light, high, dry; suitable for storage or busi-
ness. ,-*¦ ¦
DESKROOM cheap to right party; fine office;
private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
STORE with adjoining large room; running
water. Call College Clinic. 813 Howard at.
SALOON and 2 rooms; No. 259 Steveaeon St.,
near Fourth; rent satisfactory; keys there.
$13 — STORE and living rooms, suitable for
dressmaker. 225 Eighth st.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny St., $10; also
large store. Keys 636 Clay st., room 1.
OIL. / .
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all size/;
cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting A tinting den*.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.; teL RM 3321.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE, 640 G. O. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E PEARCE, scientific business pahnlst.
parlors 12 and 13 The Vendome, 1104 Market
st. ; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. H. Ellenwood. scientific palmist and life
reading; 9 a.m.,9 p.m. 483 Geary, cor. Taylor.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. TOO
- Post st., corner of- Jones; phone Polk 837. i ¦'
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor st.. bet.' Geary and Poat;teLBIack 661.
PERSONALS. \
WHAT the people say of DR. MOORE'S Hair
GOOd'tEMPLARS' ORPHAN HOME, Val-
lejo. Cal., March 4 1902.
Dr. G. S. Moore. 332 O'Farrell St.. San
Francisco— Dear Doctor: Please send three
bottles of your hair restorer. I have used
two -bottles and I find It the best remedy I
have ever used, and I think I have tried al-
most everything I have heard of and never
found anything that would stop It from fall-
ing. Your remedy stopped It from, falling
and I am astonished -. to see how thick the
new hair Is all over my head with the two
bottles. I do not think I will need more than
; the present order, but I shall try and keep
some on hand to clean my scalp -with. My
head never felt to well as now. Yours truly,
GEORGE BUNNER.
Try Dr. Moore's Walnut Stain for gray
and faded hair. Send for circular. Prepara-
tions sent to all parts of the world.
A RUPTURE truss with steel spring* has been
In use for 100 years without change-. Has
10 per cent been cured with such trusses?
No. Is It not time for a change? Hunter's
Lever Rupture Holder has revolutionized the
antiquated truss, and has made it possible
to cure 90 per cent In 90 days. The holder
la .worn night and day. without torturing.
A continuous pressure Is maintained during
the granulation and growth of the tissue
filling and covering the breach." Would a
wound on the body heal If a hard pad was
bound on It? Never. Has It not the samei
effect on a rupture? Address HUNTER'S
Sanitarium. 1206 Market st.
DR. H. McG. W1LLSON. physician and sur-
geon; M. D., Albany, N. Y.; M. D., Bellevue
N. Y. City; M.D.. Physicians and Surgeons'
Canada; late surgeon U..S. A. office of the
WiUson Maternity Hospital and Sanitarium.
1122 Market st.. San 'Francisco; special caro
• Is given, to maternity cases and diseases of
women and children; ruptures cured or nj
pay; hours 1 to 5 p. m.
ABOUT your hair — To restore % gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, ¦ stop fall-
: Ing and grow new hair. . The Stan Hair Rem-
edy fs superior to all other tonics and restora-
tlvei. It Is clean and healthful, is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
Sold by druarsists, hairdressers or our office.
385 Geary at.. The Star Remedy Co.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order
.— $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
¦of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.; between Seventh and Eighth.
MINIATURE Portrait Co.. 374 Sutter st. S?
¦ F.; photo buttons and .Jewelry for photo;-'
raphers our specialty; prices reduced; valua-
ble premiums each month to every customer;
Illustrated catalogue free. ;
COMPARE my switches with others; I only
keep the best; hair for $1 50, $2 $3- ha'r
'. dressing." 25c r shampooing. 50c; hair dried in
10 minutes. " O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by usUw? Standard Patterns; A Dill pa t-
, terrs and 1{he Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic. office. 1021 Market. nr.6th -
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
X ot^- 44 Third ,st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
5?* to * 1:B0 P« r night; $1 60 to *S per week;
free bos and baggage t and from the ferry.
A^ HAT , ao you -^'nkT ; O. BERMAN,' ts
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as -white shlrta; selection 300 patterns.
HEAL ESTATE--CITY— FOR. SALE.
McAFEE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST..
. San Francisco.
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
3 new modern flats, 7, 7 and 0 rooms; all
rented fcr $112 50 monthly; price $13,000.
PAYS 6 PER CENT NET. -
Fine modern brick building; rent can be
raised when tenants' lea^e expires; near Market
Ft.; lot 50x137:6; price $120,000; a fine invest-
ment; Quick sales desired; the best and cheapest
Investment in the market.
Fine residence, splendidly located on corner
lot. facing the Panhandle; 10 rooms; all mod-
ern improvements; owner is going East and de-
tires quick sale; price reduced from $12,000 to
$10,000. '
. : . 6HRADER ST.
Beet block; fine modern fiats, 6 and 6 rooms;
rents $57 50; price $GU50.
COLE ST. "
Elegant new modern flats, finely built, «
rooms each: rent* $70: price $7750. .....
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT.
63:11,4x137:6; commands fine marine view;
splendid site for residence or 4 swell flats;
owned by estate and heirs anxious to sell; prise
$175 per foot.
SWELL FLATS ¦ '' ' -
On ; Paclflo Heights; 9. and 11 rooms; dining-
room finished In solid oak; marble steps; every-
thing elegant; beautiful marine view from
many of the rooms; rents $140: price $14,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.' L
Fine 8-room cottage on N. side of "tf^et and
key lot; owner anxious to sell: price $0000.
WALLER-ST. HOME. '
Near Scott; 2-etory and basement, 7 rooms
. and bath; lot 30x110; price $5250; will exchange
for smaller property.
VALLEJO-ST. LOT- .
On J'allejo et.. near Baker; marine view lot;
€9:10x137:6; a bargain; price only $3500.
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth St.. between Church
and Sanchex; eunny side; 25x114 each; ¦ only
$800 each.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 4 and 5 rooms on Twenty-flrtt
et.: lot 25x100; rents $28; pries $3300.
NEAR THE CHUTES.
Lot on Eighth ave.: 2(i:2xl20; price $1000.
SCOTT ST. ¦ '
Lot on Scott Et.. between McAllister and
Fulton: 25x106:3: price $2750.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement. 14th and Kth
aves.- very cheap lots, only $700 and upward;
etreet work done; send for plat: sold on terms
if desired. Lots on Sixth ave., between Lake
and the Presidio line, $650 each; only 4 lots
left; secure them before you are too late.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
l0U ' McAFEE BROTHERS, .
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE, ,
(Established January. 1S5S.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
¦FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St.. opposite Lick
House.
. RETAIL BUSINESS CORNER.
$50 000— Pays 9 per cent net; business local-
ity; elegant building in 2 stores and « flats;
juet completed and leased; large _lot."
SUTTER STREET. .
125,000 — Sutter st.. inside Polk; "l*rge lot
rnnth double frontage; exertitorfa sale; must be
•old.- ' ¦•;;'*;.:;- \ ¦
$13.000— Two choice new flats on Scott *t..
facing Alta'Park; elegant In every; tarticular;
paying $1320 per annum. : t*
CHEAP CORNER-
Corner Thirteenth and Klssling* sts.. near
Fol-rom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well* rented; $9000.
-:... NEW RESIDENCE.
$5000— New house; Lake st., corner of Eighth
ave.; 60x72; S rooms; finished attic and base-
ment.
;"; l'-X '-.*.- INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — O'Farrell St., near Polk; large
home; lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this Is an
Improving- location.
MARKET-ST. CORNER,
$16,000— Market-st gore lot. Intersection of
Ridley st.. 89 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000 — Stockton et., near Sutter; 8-story
brick building, paying good Interest; new and
substantial Improvements. •
LOTS.
$3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth and * Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to improve.
$2500— Stelner St.. near Waller; a choice
budding lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
$2000 — Broderlck St.. near Oak; an elegant
build'.ns; near Park Panhandle. <A~~"'-
$5000 — Ean Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth St.;
fiats and store; rents $5£; lot S6xSl.
$2000— Nice cottage home 'on NineteenthisL,
near Eureka; modern; 6 rooms and bath; lot
26x75. M^lllll'WJIIjjfl W IB
Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement st- j
and Point Lobos ave.: a choice line of lots.
$550 and SCOO; can sell on easy terms if de-
eired. , MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery Et.
JOSEPH ETRAUB,
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
$7,000 — 6 flats on Harrison st., bet. 4th and
5th; rent $630 per annum.
$3,800— New 2-Etorj* house In ' the Mission;
good 6unny corner; with store.
$12,500 — Three new flats on Page st., near
AEhbury; rents §112 50 per month.
$S,SOO — Jackson Et.. near Baker; 3 modern
flats; rents $S1 60 per month.
$20,003 — House and lot near Stockton and Sut-
ter EU.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
pood Income producing property of 12
fiats and residence of 9 rooms; stable,-
chicken yard; lot In rear to build on;
rents $3600 per annum.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 8 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott st- near Geary; worth $12,000.
$8,000 — New modern 2-story and basement
house; etable; garden In front; on
Ellis st.
$350 — Corner lot. near Thirty-fourth and
Mission sta.: 75x25.
. $250 each — Four lots, 25x75, near Thirty- !
fourth and Mission sts.
$2,500 — Harrison and Twenty-sixth ats.; cor- I
ner lot. 25x100. f
West Berkeley — Corner lot on Bancroft way
\ --.-."."- V and Seventh st.
\": $5C0— Fourth St., bet.- Charming- and Ben-
croft way; sewered; sidewalk; lot 62x
125.
*C00 — Lots 22 and 23, Raymond Tract; Ban-
croft way and Eighth et.: 100x100. '. j
$600 — Lot 22; Mitchell St.. near San Pablo
ave.: 50x100.
East : Oakland — On Louis st., near Prospect;
for sale or exchange for city property.
MU1 Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; lot
126x300; price $2000.
Campbell, Santa Clara County — Cottage of 5
rooms; lot 40x120; price $750.
$5000 — RENTS $51; fine buy In a tenement
.property; six flats, three years old; always
rented; rent can be increased; Federal St.,
, near Second and Bryant. Full particulars at
our office.
$250 — Easy terms; $10 down, $5 monthly;
cheap lot on Twenty-seventh ave., near Point
Lobos ; close to the cars.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivisions 60-
vara lot. south line Union St.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:8 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st.
PRESIDIO Heights lot 32%xl30: modem house."
8 sunny rooms; interior new; rented to steady
tenants $60; answer quick; $0750; no com-
misslon. 2200 Fillmore st.
FOR sale cheap— New 6-room house;* 25 De
Long ave., bet. Waller and Frederick ets ;
easy terms; 2 mantels and electric fixture*.
$4000— BEAUTIFUL lot north side of street.
off Park Panhandle. THE MCCARTHY CO
C46 Market et. - -.., H - .
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
NEAREST, best and cheapest Irrigated land to
San Francisco; 860 acres; will subdivide.
Alfalfa lands for sale; cattle and hogs now
lc demand; alfalfa Is moet desirable; we have
820 acres under Irrigation; 8 years In alfalfa-
in San Joaquin County, near railroad; as a
whole or'in subdivisions; price $75 per acre.
Ban Joaquin County— 962 acres reclaimed
tule land; 600 acres planted In rye -and 300
acres rented at $8 per acre for vegetables :
price $70 per acre.
Mineral springs and resort ,*wlthln 60 miles
of San Francisco; recommended by physicians
of San Francisco; paid 10 "per cent on last
year e business vrtthout advertising; a good op-
J30 t OO0 ty 1Or * hOtBl man ° r phyeictan : Price
We have other lands for grazing, grain or
any oth?r crop In rood locations and at reason-
able terms; we Invite land seekers to visit our
office. SHWBQB&HMMMWh
McAFEE BROTHERS."
. ¦_..;. . ¦ 10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
FOB eale In small tracts at $45 to $50 per acre*
440 acre: on Mokelumne River near Lodi'
San Joaquin County; suitable for water-
melons, vineyards, rtc.
I In small tracts, 431 acres pood wheat land
stt,$30 per acre; near Paso Robles, San Luis
ObiRpo County,
Also J»GO acres of grazing land ' at $2 per
acre : near Jolon. Monterey County ,
M. TAYLOR. Mill? bldg., 9th floor, room 15.
' ACRES, 26 miles from this city, close to
B. R.. town; also shipping point by' water; a
desirable residence location, with ¦¦ never fail-
ure of crops; price $4500; might exchange
H. H. CRANE. 508 California Bt.
CHICKEX. and hog ranch, near. county line;
land and improvements cost over $1000;- will
cell fcr half, easy payments :' complete; make
BWXy.^ Business Board of Trade, 326', Pine
[i|JN||DMTlSEMENTSr
r OAKlJAIVD iRBAIiV ESTATE.
WOOD WARD; " .WATSON : ' & CO.",
WOODWARD, ..' WATSON : & CO., ¦ '
WOODWARD, ;: WATSON & ' CO., .'>••¦- .
"WOODWARD, , WATSON & . CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON ¦ & CO., m '
WOODWARD, ';: WATSON & CO., ¦ .¦ \
WOODWARD," WATSON &. CO., ¦
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., , 1
WOODWARD, V WATSON & ;CO., j ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., ;
WOODWARD, "WATSON v& CO., ' -
WOODWARD, "WATSON & -CO., 'V"
"WOOD-WARD, "WATSON <- & CO.,
I WOODWARD, 1 WATSON: & CO.,
' - '¦'¦'$"¦ v - (Incorporated), v
- FIRST SALE OF. THE SEASON.
;%'.- FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
: : v •-;: i FIRST SALE OF THE . SEASON. ?
;¦¦;•:¦. FIRST SALE i OF THE SEASON. ¦
-FIRST SALE, OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF 'THE SEASON.
,y. FIRST SALE. OF 'THE SEASON.
¦ " fcl ECIAIj - BAijij'
SPECIAL SALE.
''. . • SPECIAL' SALE. ; ¦ v ; .v ¦ -
'' ; -:"TALBOT PLACE," ]'•;•'£';
. ¦'-.' : ' VTALBOT ' PLACE,"
"¦: : "TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE," ,r - ?•; ..
•TALBOT -PLACE," .
.. - - ' "TALBOT PLACE,"
.—TALBOT- PLACE," - : f
¦'¦"'' : ..;ii Near San, Leandro, |
: Near San Leandro, ,; -:?¦•¦•
,-¦ Near ¦ San Leandro, • •,
¦ ¦'-¦•}'• ' Near San Leandro, ¦ -
8ATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1002 -^'v"
SATURDAY, MARCH 28. 1002.;-
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1002.
'¦-.¦ SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1002. • .
d SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.
- SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902. ¦
'} SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1002.
1 At 11 O'clock a. m. on the Premises.
We will sell ; at publlo auction and to the
highest bidder, the beautiful country home of
Mr. 1 Fred C. Talbot, consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land— sixty
acres In ¦ full bearing orchard, consisting of.
English .Walnuts. Oranges, Cherries, and all
Vft BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
Thoroughly modern." fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk house, brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an Ideal country home. *
Following the sale of the land and Improve-
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE —
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings, oil paintings, steel engravings, Decker
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc.
Carriage teams, saddle horses, Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddles.
Several fine head of cattle — "Jersey stock.'.'
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete list of . property to ..be ¦ sold.
WOODWARD,'? WATSON A CO., ,
" WOODWARD. WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
• WOODWARD, WATSON &. CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON &^ CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
! WOODWARD. ; WATSON ?& 'CO.,
¦ " WOODWARD, WATSON & . CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Auctioneers,
' ' Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers, ',,-
¦ Real Estate Auctioneers,-
: Real Estate , Auctioneers,
, - • Real Estate ¦¦ Auctioneers, , .. .
' -Real . Estate .. Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
• 903 Broadway,
,' 903 Broadway, "Oakland.
903 Broadway, -Oakland.
•903 Broadway. ' Oakland. ' *. *
903 Broadway. - Oakland. '
903 Broadway. Oakland.' .
A. J. SNYDER, ,' ' -¦¦
¦J '¦ ': 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
$1850 — Occidental st., near Berkeley local Ry.
station and Cal.' and Nev: Railway. -
$3000 — Adeline et.. Just off San Pablo ave. ; 2
cottages always rented; this is within 200 feet
of the proposed depot of the Santa Fe Railway;
all the property In this vicinity has recently
been purchased at a high figure for; terminal
purposes. - - .
• $2500 — Thirtieth St., near. Telegraph ave.; lot
25x140; new two-story -house,- 8 rooms and
bath; more land can be had If desired. ¦. :
$2700 — Broadway, near 20th St.; lot 83x113;
two-story house, 7 rooms and bath. ' » ,
.$1900 — 69th st.; lot 60x135; cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; near the crossing of Cal. and Nev. R.
R., East Berkeley local; this property is worth
$2500. '¦ ¦" -. • .:, - ' - --.-; : ¦ ¦
; $2000 — Same location as above; lot 60x110; 7
rooms and bath. - - - .-.' ' ' .
$2200 — 60th St.; lot 42x135; new, 7 rooms and
bath.-- '.'<¦¦ ¦ : *.'¦ .-¦ ¦ ;. ..; ; >•¦ -, --• < . , :;¦¦ ;:..•
¦¦ . $2500— Alcatraz, near Raymond; lot 40x115; 7
rooms and bath. . •
, ¦ $2000 — 39th st., near Telegraph ave. ; \ lot 81x
1C9; 6 rooms and bath.: -. :'• % ' ¦
- $2800 — 39th St., between" Grove and West; lot
53x122; 9 rooms and bath; -windmill and barn.
- $2000^ — Sixth st.,, near Brush; lot, 25x90; new
2-story house, 7 rooms and 'bath.- ' ¦
": $3250— 36th St.,' near West; lot" 40x120; 'new
2-story, .7 rooms and bath. -?X* > Qs3i3VaiS«Q l «M«|£
.- $4000^-Jones st., near Telegraph ave.; lot SOx
190; new house; 9 rooms and bath.' ¦
¦v $12,000 — San ¦ , Pablo . ave.. south of where
Grove . st. # crosses; : lot : 66x100; present • Income
$36 per month; this property will double In two
years.- •• '"¦.-'¦; -.'-.•• .s/.j.--- . •'¦ • '¦.;¦;
$14,000 — Corner on Clay St.; 70x76. v.
i '$1400 — Corner 31st and Grove sts.; lot 40x115;
positively, the -cheapest' small corner on Grove.-
¦¦ -$55-per foot— -On Telegraph, ave., nclghbor-
bood of 30th st. ' '¦": •-;-.:•..-...- ¦-..:.,' , :
'? $16 per foot — 100 feet on 82d st; as a whole
cr In' subdivisions. -. -••; ¦¦; v.\ .". - ¦¦.
-. $15,000— Acreage ', which will subdivide Into
1838 front feet; street work done; on one street;
this property Is ' on the Cal. and < Nevada Road,
which will be the means: of Ingress . Into Oak-
land, of : the-/Atchison, Topeka . and Santa : Fe
Railway.* ' .i ,- A." J. SNYDER,
¦ . ¦ ~ 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$2000^-FINB modern' house, new, south 1 , front
; ; on Stuart st.; near Anhby. station,/ Berkeley;
lot 40x120 ;_ feet ; very, easy terms.
-..- $1500— Cottage, . 6 rooms, south front on
•.Webster ave. ," near Telegraph ave.; large lot;
easy terms. . . .. ,;. .
¦ $3750— Berkeley; • .nearly; new • two-story
-house ;" open • plumbing ; , good : .barn ; corner . on
Telegraph ave.; cheap.- "J f£i' ¦-.-¦' "
; Call and see our large list J of Oakland and
7 Berkeley - properties. .'.as^iSWIBSSSgsaraMttSMSis
i. ,.--<. THE E. : , P. r -VANDERCOOK CO.,' ;.'. 1016
?: Broadway, Oalcland," and; room 82, second
i»; I floor,-; Mills ~ building, i Ean ] Francisco. , ; . :
LINDA\ VISTA' TERRACE--That mosticharm-
r ;ing of : all. residence sections of Oakland; only
': fifty ? minutes r to ". San /Francisco ; : . unequaled
: \ for,- health; r We • have ? Just • had • placed <¦., with
/. us ¦ for - sale , one ¦ of \ the -: very u best ; residences
',- . on ; this ¦. hill ; : the : house ¦ has eight " rooms," ' and
;: everything • is : flrst-class;i this house >was: not
„ built: to "sell, 'but; the owner desires; to; build
U. a .larger : house : on / another ' lot in * the ? same
-» locality; ' ; the; lot; is: 76x120 and rwill: be; sold
RWlth.3 Improvements | for $6300 : j easy | terms I of
i ' payment £ can \ be 5 arranged i If i desired. , : ' Call
"and see us and we will go 1 out with you and
' show you the property.") '¦-.'. •'-'¦ — ". ¦ ''
" JAS. S.-.NAISMITH,- ..
¦ - '¦¦', - ¦ •'. .,.'¦-'." . - " 471 ; Twelfth ; street;.,::
'"AN. elegant 14-room""'. residence; ' "«table;'vwith
-> beautiful grounds; lot ; 105x150; 6 : minutes to
trains- and business center; unfurnished," $100
-: per '.month; a furnished,'* $125 t per * month ; ;j or
b r wlll,Bell. t ';M.'!TAYU)R,.MlUs building, ninth
-floor, room IB. v , , - * ¦ -.'¦ - •COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirty-flve.
TO KEEP MLARKET STREET
IN CLEANER QONDITION
Merchants'; Association; / Con
v ducts Experiment. .
"3oard.-^of -Works, at Suggestion of
At the suggestion of the Merchants' As
sociation - the v Board; of ( Public Work's is
conducting ¦ an /experiment '\ forjkeeping
Market street; between Second and Sixth;
In a niore presentable condition thknhere
tofore. Six men have jbeen taken from* the
Western Addition and added j to the force
which ' works over : the territory men
tioned. ""Two ¦ men \ have . "charge , ; , of ; , the
cleaning of trie first two blocks on. Kearny
and : Montgomery, streets,- instead: of hav
ing a block and a half each," as has been
the custom.;.. ;. . ; , . .. "'.' : *. .
- \ The -experirnent has . been in operation
if or ;-. three > days . and : the \ improvement is
very ' noticeable. ..The* work >wlll continue
for a month and If the result proves : satis
factory thei "change "will be .-/permanent,'
The members/ of the /association .think
that Market street, should be ' It ept looking
as well- as possible, in: View.! of /the^ fact
that; it r is the ; principal I thoroughfare of
the city "and ; that r portion of It; seen' first*
by strangers. . It f. is maintained that " the
streets north of Market can be kept clean
with less men now that smooth pa-vements
have been; laid.* .". _ _ - . ; t - .
The word \ "prevent" . originally » meant
nothing • more -. than: to go v before: ¦- It is
used in. this sense in several places in the
Scriptures, '^.r '" ' ' ,:. •
The lower court decided in favor of the
Terminal Land Company, _ but 'the Su
preme Court reversed that decision. It
ie held that a. ferry, will be of great con
venience to the l public and that the \ per
sonal covenant embodied: in .the original
sate cannet legally prohibit the proposed
improvement. , :
One of .the conditions, under, which the
land was first sold was that-',' nothing
should be done : to it which would Injure
the intercsts-of the realty company.' When
the Southern Pacific Company , began to
build the ferry it-became evident that the
business of the Terminal Railway Com
pany would be injured and litigation com
menced." ' - ; ;s. •, . .: ... '
The: realty^ company bought the island
In 1892. The lot^where the ferry landing
is to be built was sold to the Catalina
Yacht Club four years later. The yacht
club decided riot to. use the property and
sold it to~the Southern Pacific
; The Southern Pacinc Railroad Company
has won its fight for a ferry landing on
Terminal Island in San Pedro Bay. by a
decision of the Supreme Court rendered
yesterday. The Los Angeles -Terminal
Land Company was the opposing party in
the. suit. ¦ '¦ ¦••' - . ¦ • ;- : :'-¦¦-> ¦ ' " ¦"-•¦? ;
Favor of Ferry Landing on
Terminal Island.
Supreme Court Renders Decision in
LEGAL VICTORY WON
BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Work- is to be resumed on the well . of the
Corning Oil and Ga's Company next -week; and
Driller W. - A. Glenn . has already been notified
to be on hand by that time. -Some preliminary
work, such as splicing cables, getting the ma
chinery In 1 , proper working order and cleaning
out the well, -will have to be done while wAlt
inE for the arrival of the casing. If the roads
are not. too soft no time should: be lost in 'get
ting the casing on the ground. The > company
means business and Is going to keep' on bor
ing? until the flow is tapped. At present the
well ¦ lacks just four feet of being . 2000 > feet
deep.'-', «r. • . ~.. rSi-iT -. : . '-. ---•- . - ... - « : ¦
The Corning Observer says:
There were 455 wells completed, the new
production Jbeing 1775 barrels. On the last
day of the month : there were 005 rigs and
drilling wells, being fifty-four fewer rigs than
In January. In the Northwestern Ohio and
Indiana fields V decline In field operations was
noted in the -former and -a -slight- increase In
the latter. There were 325 wells completed,
the' new production /being :484a barrels, -and
forty-four dry holes. * At the month end there
were OOiJ rigs and drilling wells, a' decrease
of thirty-two I In new operations. •
The Oil City Derrick tells- of the falling
oft in operations in the Pennsylvania oil
Meld for • ; several months. The lowest
point in years was reached in February,
there being 127 fewer wells completed in
that 'month than in the month ot Jan
uary: i - ¦ ¦ ¦
Eastern' Work Diminishes.
A gentleman who Is familiar with the Stand
ard'Oil-eotnpany's-method^ of laying, a ' pipe
line predicts that nicety days after the worK
on:" the ¦ line • from - -BakerBtWld to - Point t Rich
mond Is begun 'will see the finish of the bis
project. The usual method pursued is to start
forces'of men to work every twenty or twenty
flve miles and when. each- gang has completed
Its section of the line the entire line is nnisheri.
Of ' course time ( will be required to Install the
pumping plants' necessary f6r-the conveyance
of^the oil, and it."wlll ; probably he conslderably
longcr than ninety days before the line is in
operation., but Its completion is looked for
within the time: stated. • \
The experiments that! are being tried
by Chansldr & Canfield in . the Midway
district are attracting much attention. If
their' expectations are .justifled it will be
tlemonstrated that there are two parallel
belts or' oil sand in the Midway, one slop
ing .to the northeast into the valley and
one toward the southwest' into. the inoun
taln. . ¦ ¦¦ . ;..' .-. - : ..- '':''.' ::~
The Associated Oil Company is: gather
ing .'.in more • companies . steadily. .Last
week there were J six additions to the
ranks of ' the concerns that 'have been
fused in the greater corporation.
¦ The-Bakerslield Calif orniin says:
Gathering in Companies.
The actual arrival of. pipe In the. State
for the pipe line to be; constructed by the
Standard": Oil ; Company ; indicates that the
newera ; of the oil" industry -in this State
is. at hand.; Not many months will elapse
befone the completion' of the line and the
oil will be "coming", to- tide wate.r by that
rcute without having freight charges to
pa y Xo the railroads. - This has more sig
iiinc'ance than Is indicated -by the differ
ence that can be shown in figures. In
the 1 extension of the 1 demand in. this'city
fcrfuel oil there.are many comparatively
email consumers who do hot wish : to
bring the : oil here on their, own account
nor ,: to 'invest, large sums in- the institu
tion of Storage plants and delivery plants.
Such small : consumers, who together rep
resent a large aggregate, of consumption,
prefer tq,have the oil-brought to them a3
they use'iit. ; \ . " : '
Eastern -Oil Production 'Is
:::^CStill Steadily on the ;
T")«3o.1itip» ' ' '. ¦
front Competing
Agencies.
Railroads About to Con-
NEW PIPE LINE
USHERS IN ERA
, (¦}¦:.¦ STREET RAILROADS. . f
California ....1CJ 173 Market ..... 09 V4 —
Geary .;;... — t)5 Presidio ; . . . — 50
POWDER.
Giant .. -. S««,i SOfl Vlgorlt ......3 4 ¦
SUGAR. . ;
Hana ..\.... 3 — Kllauea .... 0% —
Hawaiian .. 37V0 40 -Makawell ..; 25 - 25}J
Honokaa ..*-. 11 V* 12% Onomea .... 24 21%
Hutchinson .12 13»4 Paaiihau .... 11 12
." -¦• MISCELLANKOUS. • • / *
Alaska Pack.lC2' 104 Pac A F A. • 2% —
Cal Fruit 'As.- 97VI 9S Pac C Borx.165 — :
Cal Wine Aa. 0!)%10O Par Paint... 18 —
Oceanic 3 Co 4O'-i -il , -
.. , . Morning 'Session.
: Board — . ... .' /•.',.•. ¦
10 California Fruit Cannera. ....... 0" 30
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry Cs.. ;;...121 25
,100 Oak Gas 67 50
>1000 Oakland Water Cs /. .,102 25
50 Oceanic S S Co. ...i. ............ 40 50
$5000 S P of Arizona (1010)..... ;..;.. lu 62%
t 14 Spring Valley .Water.... ........ j)2 25
"10 Spring Valley Water ......:...... 9a 37%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ,
¦ : •• ' Marnlrig.Session. • . . . '. .' . ; .
'; .^Bcard — .•- :"./. ¦'-- - . ••
200 Home : '....... S'sh "
300 Home, 8 SO .... :;..:., ......... S. V, R5 '
100. Home \\ .3 90
100 Monarch of Arltona. "........;.... is
700 Occidental cf W Va. ' is
500 Reed Crude,...?.." .... as
330 Sterling ...;.. ..'" i.17^
..•¦"'. MIN ING; STOCKS. \ '¦>-
Following • were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. Mornint Session. /. - '
100 Caledonia ... 45; 300 Con N Y » n->
. 100 Caledonia ... 4tlj 200 Sierra ls T ev.'" 14
; 200 Caledonia .. . i 7 1 SCO Yellow Jacket ; 'J)
_ Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange . yesterday : . , /"¦¦ ""-,-*
'. Morning Session.' " ;¦¦"
200 Best & Bel. 1 . 22 .100 Ophir : ua
300 Caledonia,...- 49 500 Overman'""' 11
20» Caledonia ; . . . 50 300 Overman"" 19
200 Caledonia ... 52 300 Potosi ' ' -"• ' 1 1 2
w ga^y.;^ 50 ° skrra
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March is-12 m. # : r
Alpha ;.;„.. B 02^ Kentnck..".; \-X£&
Alta.. ....*..; 04 . ¦ 00 Lady Wash. IZ. %1
• Andes .....;. 04 05 Mexican .. 20 7 "
Belcher >...:;; 00 07 Occidental V." 08 OS
Best & Belch. .22 23 Ophir . . . . " -05 :
Bullion ...... 02 V03 Overman .'\ ¦ ' 12 ,?r {
Caledonia'.... 52 64 Potosl -"• 11 10
Challenge-Con 23 24 Savage .,"'" {£ '«r
Chollar ......... 09 ¦ 10 Scorpion ..'*' -2 m
Confidence ... 70 73 Ssg Belcher' _' ol
C C & Va-...'.l 25 1 30 Sierra Nev " ; 14 ir,
Con Imperial. — fll Silver Hill "* m •" «n
Con n y. . i . . 01 . . 02 st LouS • •'•• ¦:¦—.* ?S
Crown Point. . 05-06 Syndicate " " — n«
Eureka. Con?.. 18. . — Union Con"' 54 9«
Exchequer ••.;;— 02 Utah .';.!:;" OO'OT
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Yellow Jacket 21 2-»
Hale & v Nor. . 28 29 Justice ;. .¦ . 09 10
IMPORTANT l>ANiy STJIT / r
IS-rWON^-BY^TikSsVciTT 1
Supreme Court • Settles Dispute Over
Ormership of Upper Portion of
',::_:•¦. : Lyoii' Street. ¦ ¦_¦ .¦
The Supreme ¦, Court : decided " yesterday
that the city; and county ©f San Francisco
and • not^ Lillian ; M/j Wheeler, is : the : prac
tical owner.Tof 'a : big strip of. land border-
Ing the military reservation on the north/
east corner, of Lyon street and Broadway.
7: The ' lot ' is ! 137:6 : feet long : by^ "sixty; ; feet
wide. V It was deeded: to private" parties by
the "city, in' 1870^ahd by ; themi transferred
to : Mr s, ; Wheeler,-, Congress passed an act
in 187G ! giving what ¦ Ts , how ; L-yon street' to
the: clts^. % In ;iS68 ? a; city p ordinance \waa
passed which allowed such 'sales s as that
jmade of;.the;land£in Jdfspute. > tThe Con
gressional - act ' provided "that land " which
had; been sold ..under .1 the ordinance should
belongftoTthe purchasers.: •; In, view, of -this
state , of I affairs t the ] S aprerhe . Court t hold3
that^Mre/ Wheeler" owns the land, 1>u"t' that
the ;clty ' has" 1 an ¦Indisputable ¦ right i of. way,
alongLypn street. ¦:'.''. _ •;- ; * *
'..The' decision deprives the claimant from"
any; use'of' the; property; .
f . THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL" SUNDAY; MAllGH 16, 1902.
39
• BOBNV v
BASSILLIO— In this city, March 11, '1902,- to
the wife of J.F.* Bassiliio, a son. : ; • v -.
DUNN&-In Berkeley, March 14. 1902,' to the
wife of W. F. Dunne, a son. ¦-• ,-.-'-
FRENCH— In this city, March' 8, 1902, to the
wife of Edward J. French, a son.
HERGET— In this city, March 6, 1902, to the
' wife of Gus Herget, a daughter.- -.
RUEF— In thia city, March 10, 1902, .to the
. wife of ; Cliarles L. Ruef. a eon..
STACKPOLE— In this city. Maroh 13, 1002, to
the^wife of Edw. C. Stackpole, a son.v
WENDORFF— In this city, March 10, 1902, to
.the wife of.Alfred C. W.- Wendorff, .a -son.'' -
"WHITE— In this city, March 12, 1902, | to ¦ the
wife of Henry White, a son.
WOBSER— In Tiburon, ' March 0, \1902; to the
_jvi fe of : J. J. , WosPer, ; twin daughters.: .'
Birth, Vj marriage " and death notices sent • by
m.ill will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at -either of the- publication offices; and be
Indorsed with- the name' and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published,
BIRTHS-fflAERIAGES-DEATHS.
MABBIED. -
GOTTLIEB — GOODMAN— In this Tclty, March
9. . 1002. ¦• by the Rev. M. M. Golden, Paul
Oottlieb and Bertha . Goodman, both of San
Francisco. • ' ," : ' ' ¦-
ICyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, €59 Ellis street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem man .will
be celebrated for the reoose of her bouI at
11 o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. . ;.......
JAHN— In ,. this city, March 13,* 1902, at his
residence, 603 Powell j street. Herman Jahn
Jr., beloved husband of Nellie Jahn, son of
Captain H. -rand Anna Jahn, and brother of
Mrs. Emma Holmes, a native of Hoboken,
N. J., aged 37 years 2, months. and 17. days.
_. OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at the chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
¦ v Sunday, March 10. at- 3 o'clock. ...
KELLY— In this • city, ' March 15. 1902, Peter
beloved son of Esther' and - the late Peter
' Kelly, brother of Mary Kelly, and nephew of
William Kelly and Mrs. P. J. Smith, a na-
tive of San Francisco, axed 9 years. ¦ ¦-¦¦ ,
C?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.' (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 7% Isis street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦' i.- .
HILDEBRANDT— In this city, March 14, 1002
Dora, beloved wife of Charles Hildebrandt,
mother of Charles . H. Hildebrandt, and
grandmother of Dora, Tlllie. Charles and
Harry Hildebrandt. a native- ' of Hanover,
Germany, aged 70 years ' 1 month and 14
days. (Wheeling, W. Va.. papers . please
copy.) , . . . -.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 . o'clock, from . her late resi-
dence, 1407 Lyon street, " between Post ¦ and
Sutter, thance to • Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
J where the services will be held at the chapel
of the crematorium.
HUGHES— In this city.' March 15, 1902. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late J. J. Hughes
mother of Gertrude and Alice Hughes, and
sister of Mrs. Charles Gillette.- Mr*. J. Ler-
men, Agnes J. Conolly and Sister ' M. Agnes
of Sisters of Charity.' a native of San Fran-
cisco. ¦ ¦ :...-•••¦ „ /-. . .
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
lully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), - at tt:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her mother, 2110 Bryant street,
thciice to St. C-arles Borromeo's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repo3e of her. soul, com-
' mencins at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ' . \
OFFICERS and members of Yosemite Parlor
• No 83, N. D. G. W.— You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at above address at 9 o'clock
• to attend the funeral of our deceased sister,
Mary Flynn. '...¦'¦.
LORETTA LAMBURTH. President.
STJP1E KALTHOFF, Secretary.
GUTHRZE — In Rochester, N. ,Y., March 4.
1902, Isabelle May, beloved wife of H.- Will
. Guthrle, mother of Oliver, and Marion Guth-
rle, daughter of the late Marion M. Land-
mann, and sister of Marion M. | Young and
Carl F., Alexander H. " and Auguste Land-
rnann. & native of " Australia. ' ,' ;;
HANDLEY — In this city; March 15 r 1002, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Patrick Hand-
ley, and stepmother of Mary and Katie
Handley, a native of Limerick. . Ireland.
I tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
f uliy invited to attend ' the funeral, to-morrow
(Monday)," at S:30 o'clock," from -the resl-
" dence, 423 Eleventh avenue, thence to Star
.of the Sea Church, where a requiem • high
¦ mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOOLET — In this city, March 15. 1902, John
J., beloved son of. Patrick and the late Mar-
garet Dooley, and brother ) of Thomas and
James Dooley. a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years and 3 months. .
CThe funeral will take place 'Monday,
March 17. 1902, from the parlors of G. j Iac-
chfcri, 629 Broadway, at 12:30 o'clock, thence
to St." Francis Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLTNN — In this city, March 15, 1902, May
Flynn, beloved daughter of Edward and
Mary Lawton, and sister of John J.' and
Jaires T. .Flynn and Annie and^ Eddie Law-
ton, a • native of San Francisco, aged 25
yearc 6 months and 2 days."
ICJ" Friends and acquaintances* are Invited
to attend - the funeral to-day (Sunday), at
1:45 o'clock, from the residence, 225tt Union
. street. Interment private. . - ,
DENNY— In Stockton, March 14, 1002, Joseph
P., eon of the late Timothy and Mary Denny,
and brother of William . J. and Thomas. F.
Denny. Mra. 1.. O'MaUty, Mrs. W. Wright
and the late Charles A. Denny, a native of
San Francisco. - - • . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from . his - latu
residence, 2740 Baker street, thence to St.
lirisid's Church for sen-ices at 1 . o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ' .
COOK— In this city. March 14, 1902, Catherine
M.. beloved wife of F. T.H. Cook, -and
mother of Mrs. G. D. Harper, Mrs. W. G
-Chronister and Fred, .Charles, Harry anil
John Cook, a native of Ireland, ared 55
years 7 months and 11 days.
ASH— In this city, March 15,: 1902, Morris, be-
loved husband of Jennie Ash, father of-.Mil-
. ton Ash, and brother of - Herrman, I Isador,
WUh&m and Philip AeSi, Mrs. ; Hulda Bar-
nett, Mrs. M. Davidson, Mrs. S. N. David-
con and Mrs. A. Mueller. . a native of Pcsen,
Prussia, aged 5C years and 9 months. '.
BERKENKOPF— In this city. March 15, 1002,
Annie,' beloved wife of Henry Berkenkopf,-
devottd mother of Annie and Agnes . Berken-
kopf. and •danifhter of Mrs. Cordes of Marsh-
fieid. Or., a native of Oregon, aged 31 year*.
. 1 month and 15 days. (Marshfleld, Or., pa 1
pers please copy.) ¦ / • '
CT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March 18, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3S Casselli avenue, near Douglass
j street, between Eighteenth and Nineteenth,
thence to the Church of the Holy Redeemer,
Diamond street, near Eiehteenth, where a
requiem higii mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at a o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
BREITZMANN— In this citr. March 14, 1002,
at his residence, 1511 Valiejo street,- Robert,
beloved husband of Anna Breitzmann. and
father of R. J.. J.'. A., S. C, Freda and
Claudine Braitzmann. d. native of, Prenzlau.
Germany, a&ed .G4 years 7 -months- and 7
clays. ..-. - -. ¦ , : .-¦ .' . .
E^ Friends are resDectfully invite'd to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, st his late residence,
1511 Valiejo street. Interment private.
COLLINS— In this city, | March 13. 1902, Den-
nis W., beloved husband of Jennie L. Col-
lins, beloved ftther of Mary L. Collins, be-
. loved son of James and the late Julia. Col-
lins, brother ot Mrs. Lulu Farrell, Mrs. Mag-
gie Collins and Ellen, Mary and James Col-
lins, and brother-in-law ¦ of John, George,
Lottie and the late Thomas Dwyer, a native
of Montello. Marquette County, wis,, aged
3S years. • : * : / .
Ash, Morris '"'. • . M^ansstaclter, . Jean-
Berkenkopf, Annie •'. nette ' , C' : . ; ;" :
Breitzmann. Robert Levy, Eva .:v :< -'">
ColliTis. Oenhis ,W. Lochhead. John
Cook. Catherine M. Luhman; Edward J.
Denny. Joseph P. McClean, Harry
Dooley, ' John J. • ¦ McGrath,'' John - -
Flynn, May. ¦ ., Martens, . Catherine
Guihrle. leabelle M. Muller. " Herrinan
Handley, Margraret Nunan, Thomas '.'
Hildebrandt. Dora Rosfenstlrri, Johanna
Hughes, Marfearet Soderman, Hilda-
Jahn, Herman Jr. Staude. Henry A.
Keily, Peter Trainer, : Gertrude
Levlngston, Dr. M. Wilkie. John G. ; ¦
Shanahan Florist Co:
ARTISTIC FLORAL, DC5l6Na
Prices Reasonable^
107 POWELL sf.N^ELUS 2^ 505(5
-¦; ¦ - OCEAU TBAVEI..
SJacifio Coast Steamship Co.
1^, _ ; 1 :' Steamers leaV« Broadway
kW. t Wharf, San Francisco:
KtK For Ketchikan, Juneau.
liS|S^L£>-- fckatjway, etc.. Alaska— 11
|W%^M^l *-m~ March 7, 12. 17. 22.^7.
; E^'i^ll »3a April 1. Change to - com-
i B^MC^^^wia pany's steamers at Seattle.
! **«BgS^^« For Victoria. Vancouver.
iTr Bl^|^i Pt)r t Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. EverettCltsy ¦ 1R T 1 a 'J"
com— 11 a.m.; March 7. 12. 17. 22«7. April 1.
Change at Seattle | to this -«omP»T'« t «tMiiM>n
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
March S. 13. IS. 23. 29. April 2- § "
For - San, Diego, stopping only at fan* 8 -
Barbara, -Port Los Angeles i and .Redondo
(Los Angeles)— Spokane. Sundays. 0 a.. m. ;
State of California. Wednesdays. 9 a. ni.-
For Los Angeles/calling at Santa Crui,
Monterey^ San Simeon. Cayucos. . Port Harford
(San- Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme., East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport (•Bonita only). " •
Bonita. 0 a. m..- March' 7. 15; 23. 81. April S.
. Coos Bay^.O a. m.. March 19. 27. April. 4. t
¦ For Ensenada. - Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. * Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia ana Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. - ¦¦.-.¦ • ¦ - ' :•¦ " .
. For , further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change . steamers «r
sailing date*. - - -. . -
TICKET OFTICE^-* New Montgomery
street cPalace, Hotel). . '¦'}•'' '
GOODALL. PERKINS » «t CO.. Gen. Agents.
. •' " "10 Market st..' San Francisco. ;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
¦ i — for—^ - -• •-'- ¦; '
- - LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR 1. JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and CiUEEN.
leaving- San Francisco May 2G and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant stearashlrs Senator and; State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all - passengers and freight with-
out lofi«. mishap nr delay.- For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel}. . .
GOODALL. PERKINS "fc CO.^Genl. Agents.
. ¦ . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
y. O **ly Steamship Xjlna to
Or.,
And Short Rail Ltns from Portl'SHd to tii\
points East. Through Ticks t* to >tt
point*, nlT rnW nr* steamship and rail, at
XiOTfTEnST HATES.-
BTEAKER TICKETS 1NCLUDS B£RTd t'ni MB A I, V
SS; COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 14, 24. April 3. 13
BS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails........'.. ......
... . . . . : Mar. 19. 29. April 8. 13
Steamer sails from. foot of Spear st.'. ' It a.- m. ,
D. JtV. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y. S.F.
FACING STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
An r J Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping >at Mexican, Central
and South American ports.' Sailing from How-
ard .3. pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..March 29 1GUATEMALA .Apr. —
TL'CAPEL ;.-.. April 19 )a STEAMER —
.These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Fretght and
passenger office. 316 Californra street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta. '
PANAMA RrRri^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT. |
z Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meatls Free.
S.S. Argyll sails Tues Jay, Map. 18
S. 6. Leelanaw eails Monday, . Mar. 24
8. S. Ar&yll Rails Tuesday. April 29
I From Sea Wall, .Section 1, ' at 2 p. ra. ¦
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market sa>'
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
S3.' VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
". - land and Sydney. .Thurs.; March 20 10 a -m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for TahlU.. :....'..-:....
, ...V.. :.:... V.Saturday. March 29. 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA, 'for Honolulu.............
.............Saturday, March 29. 2 p. m.
J. D.SPSEGKELS& U9S.C0., BmtrailgMti. 327 Vaiiatt
W\ Passtngsr Office, 143 llariat St., far la. 7. Paa'fie St
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to -
- - e TRANS-ALASKA COMPANT.
Crocker : building.
Operating stage lines between Iliamna Bay
and above points. .. .- .. -j •;
COMPAQNIE GENERALS THANSATIrWfTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO^HAVRE-PARIS." *<*„•
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <WtfKEi»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42," te * B1 ™SB»
North Rrver.V foot of Morton street..-- - . i\'<
. First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. . GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway , (Hudson - building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.; Pacific Coast
Agents.- 6 -Montgomery avenue, . San . Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. {
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEfcS!
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
.Steamers GEN. FRISB1E or MONTICELLO
. »:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 pi m, except Sun-
day .Sunday. 8:45 "a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Valiejo ?-a.--th.' a ,12:30 nbonV "0 J»;.an., except
Sunday. " Sunday, 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents Telephone Main .1608. -Landing, and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. . : "i - - " '-. - : '--'..-- . .-, .
! -¦¦" * ' ' ' l - _ ' .*. : ", " ..it
BAliiWAY TBAVEL.
¦ \ohic~ac6
IN JLESS rTHAM
. :::, : 'W.-DAYS .
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
f : &. NORTHWESTERN^LINB ;
DOIJBL.E ; Drawing-Room Sleeping
Cars, ' Buffet, Smoking and Li-
brary ' Cars, ,-wlth bafber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Daily Ton rla t
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions • every Wednea-
d ay ami Friday at 8 a. m.-.from San
Francisco. • The best ot everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
l - 617 MARKET ST. ' Gen;^gent Pacinc Cotit
. Palace Hotel Sail Francisco
'NORTH : PAGiFIC COAST RAILROAD.
,; Via ; Sausalito^ F«rry i \
Commencini September 29, 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO .TO MILL VALLET
¦ s L" JlHV SAN RAFAEL.
« WEEK DATS— 6:53, S-^0.*9:S0, H-.60 a. m. t
n:45 8:lo. ; 4:15, 5:16, «&:16, 6:45..p. m. :i.-
- EXTRA- TRIPS— For Mill .Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m." " \ .¦'¦ • -.¦¦-- .
SUNDAY— *S:0O,' *10:00. "11:30 a. m., 1:18.
3-lG-»4:i6.' 6:80,! 9:30 .p. J m.'.^r:;; i -. >
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
.FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— »5:25. 8:27. 7:46. 8:35k 10:15
am n2:25. 2:15,.»3:35. 4:40, 6:30. p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:49 and 9:05 p. ¦ m. ' -f •iUfwm&Bgmm
-TSUNDATS— 6:15, •8:00.,.nO:00, 1XAS a. m.,
•1-40 •3:15r,4:45, *8:30 p.m." ' .
• Trains markea - (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL -VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5 ;45. 8 :45, ,7 :55, 8 :55, 10 :30
imt. 12.35, 2:45^3:50. 5:10 p.m.
EXTRA . TRIPS -on Monday*; Wednesdays
and Saturdays' at 7:10 and "10:35 p.: m; -r
-.BUNOAYS— 8:05. .10:05 ' *. T m., 12:03. 2 :15
3-30. 6:00. 6:45-i>. m.-- , - ¦ . .
. THROUGH TRAINS,
6:85^a. m.v week days-TCaxaderb and way
stations.'-''-. 'V* •s,~-^ : i-:\,i. I ...'¦', •¦ -: ;-.'.
\ 1:45 p. tn. Saturdays— rDuncan Mills and way
stations.' - - - -.'... -.... . ' - -.¦¦.- ¦¦
<¦•¦ 8 .00 a. . m.' Sundays^-Duncan " Mills and way
stations. •.;.--- ....
•.<¦ Legal- ¦ Holiday.' boats and • trains will run on
Sunday, time. IH9HBBBH
„. v , CARD OF THANKS.
To the many frierida and icquAintances
who gave so many evidences of their heart-
felt and eomforllnz sympathy." and .beautiful
floral offerings during our. late bereavement
of lovins wife, and. mother. Mrs. Cecelia M-.
Freudenthal, we desire to return our heart-
felt thanks. .-"¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦¦ - .
MR. J. H, FREUDENTHAL and Family.
LANGSTADTER— In this city; March V£: ISMfcJ,
• Jeannette, ¦¦ wife \ of ! the ; late t Seligman Lang-
- stadter,- and, beloved 'mother- of ?Isaiah S.,
Daniel, Cecelia. , rauline, Adallne and • Lllll*
- Langetadter, , a native of Paris, France, aged
74 years ; 0 months and IS days. V ' ' "¦
C7 Friends and acqualntances'are respect-"
fully Invited - to attend the funeral Sunday,
.' at 10 o" clock, from ter- late residence. • 1460
O'Farrell ; street. • Interment Home of • Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
andTownsend streets:..; ". '¦¦'¦'. ~ ¦"¦ -
LEVINGSTON— In - this city," March 1 14,' 1 1002."
Dr. Marc Levlngston; beloved. brother of Mrs.
D. L. Mayers, Mrs. A.HarrH 6t:Kis^r.wTork»'
Mis. Martin Berwln and Belle, . Esther and
Miriam Levingston, a native of South. Caro-.
¦Una, aged 44 years.' .-f.,V . '•"'• "'
C? The funeral -will take place Sunday, 'at
j 0 o'clock sharp; from the, family residence, :
1301 Octavia street, * corner O'Farrell. Fu-
. nera! and interment strictly.: private. Cypress
'Lawn Cemetery. -Please omit flowers.
LEVY— In this city,' ' March 15, 1002, Eva
. Levy, , wife of •¦ the late Samuel Levy, and
. mother of Morris F. Levy, Sol Levy, Mrs. A:
- Cohn, Mrs. ; A. Marks ; and • Charles Levy,* a
native. of Germany, aged : 76 years. ¦ . .
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
' fully invited- to attend tne- funeral - services
to-morrow (Monday), 1 at 10:30 o'clock, at her
¦ late residence, 1227 Geary street. -Infermint
- Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 .o'clock
'train from Third. and Townsend streets.
LOCHHE AD— In this ' city, March 15, 1002,
| John Lochhead, a native of Greenock, Scot-
¦-.' land, aeed SI years. "... - - • . '
LUHMAN— Edward - J. ' Luhman Jr.. beloved
son of Edward .' J. and {Catherine • Luhman.
7 aged 1 year and S'months.v.--- . . - ..
- -¦ B3;Notlce of funeral" hereafter.
McCLEAN— In the City and County Hospital,
Marcn 15, 1902, Harry McClean, a native ot
Pcnnsyhania, aged . 24 ¦. ye^rs.
McGRATH— In this city,' Ma'rch 13, 1902, John
McGrath, a native of Ireland,- aged 70 years.
MARTENS— In this city. March 15, ldO2, Cath-
erine Martens, wife of . John Martens, and
beloved mother of Mrs. F. N. Buese and
Herman and George Martens, a native . if
Baimstadt, Germany, . aeed 09 years. ;
MULLER- In this city, March. IS, 1902, Herr-
man, beloved husband of Marie Muller, and
devoted father , of . Herrmari Jr.. Freda ' and
Carl Muller, a native. of Bremen, Germany,
aged 40 years 10 months . and 20 days.-"
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend " tha funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 3:30o'clock, from Ma late resi-
r.dence, 130 parker_avenue, "near Point Lobos
.avenue. Interment Laurel » Hill Cemetery. *
NUNAN — In the City and County Hospital,
March. 15, 1902, Thomas Nunan, a native of
Ireland, ared 69 years..
ROSENSTIRN— In this city. -March* 14, 1002,
. Johanna, beloved wife ¦ of Dr. Julius Rosen-
fstirn, and mother of Emily, Alfred and Eric
. Rosenstirn,' a native of -.Germany, , aged 40
years 7 months and 2 days. - •
O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvtted to attend the. funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' northeast corner of Sutter and Hyde
streets. : Interment strictly private. Friends
are, earnestly requested not to send flowera. i
SODERMAN— Ih this city. March 15,,- 1002.
Hilda/ beloved wife of: CaDtain John F.
Soderman, r and mother of Edwin and Helen
Soderman, a native of Sweden, aged 38 years
and f> months, i ,;¦ ¦ . ...
(CyFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend . the funeral Monday,
March 17, ' 1902, at 2 o'clock, from her latb
residence, 316V6 Francisco street, near Pow-
ell. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STAUDE— In this city, March 15, 1002, Henry
, -Aus-Ust Staude, beloved son of Elisabeth
Staude and the late John Staude, and brother
of Fred. .John and Charles J.' Staude/ Mrs.
Louis Weisman and the late Mrs. Annie Ed-
son, a native of Sari Francisco, aged 34 years
2 months and 3 days. '.;-. . r .
. . ICXFrienVl's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral Tuesday,
March IS, 1902, at. 2 o'clock sharp, from Ma-
sonic! Temple, northwest , corner* of Post -and
Montgomery streets, . where the i services will
be held, commencing at 2 o'clock sharp, un-
. der the auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 130.
F. and! A. M." A member of Independent
. ; Rifles and Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S.
G. AV.
TRAINER— In this city, March 16, 1002, Ger-
trude, beloved wife of Thomas Trainer, and
mother of William Beach, Mr. -J..T. Miller
and: Mrs. M. J. Gflraan, a native of New
York, aged 50 years. and 8, months. . -;.
WILKIE — On beard steamship Ahchoria. at
Glasgow, Scotland." February 22, 1002, -John
Georse, . eldest son of the late Rev. ( John
Wilkie, minister of Holytown,,' Scotland.
NEW FIRM \ OF UNDERTAKERS.
-¦ Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
Use United . Undertakers'. Association ; M. 3.,
McBrearty. with the same company fa? 18
years; P. F. Green," late with JVC.. O'Con-
nor. & Co.. have opened 'new' Funeral ¦Par-
lcrs at 1171 Mission street,' betweeft Seventh
and Eighth. -Telephone South ?*.>.;-. .'¦¦¦ . ..
..*: 'i7.«nd 19 Fifth St. Tel. South »«_*,->
rUWERXL DIRECTORS' AND EMSALMERi
- Finest Equipment ¦ at -.] Moderate Raits. ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
. PERSOXAC5 Continnffl.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rues, ellk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WHITE enamel iron beds, elngle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Et.. near Broadway.
TOUR fortune told from cradle to |?xave. Send
<5!m« and birth date. PROF. J. - MTERS,
Drawer 704. Chicago. v .
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoat*
and trousers et CHARLES LYONS'. Loadan
tailor. 721 Market st. '
Klectro!ytlc removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work truaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdressing. hair work.' man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Kess. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WILL party who purchased nugget from
stranger at Call Wdg. Feb. 4 leave address?
Box 44G3. Call office.
AMERICAN, steady income, wishes acquaint-
ance of lafly under So; object matrimony
Box 4240, CaU olfice.
Mrs. Briggrs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by elec. needle. 17-19 Buchanan Ael.Larkin3171.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric ncegle. MISS EATON. 1119 Eutter st.
A_ S. CHASE, Glimpsie for. tale;' come . and
eee me. ¦ F. L. M. S. •
' A — IF your hair i* fnlllnir or you are bald call on
T>t.G E.M<»*<r*.S32e"F«rren: eend for circular.
Mrs. Brijars — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
fcy electric needle. 1713 Buchanan, nr. Sutter.
ilcDOWEIjL millinery opening reception Tues.,
March IS to 22; hrs. .9 to 5. 1018 Market st.
MEN gvtttng shaved without soap for 15c at
Rugs House Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery St.
PRIVATE detective wcrk; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT, 457 Minna st.
PAPERING room, walls, $1 50; painting:. $1:
whitening. 75c Palter. 315 Golden Gate av.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costurner. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electri: & electric-Ug-ht baths, massage, hot air
treatn-ent tar rheumati6m.ete\ 233 Geary, r.27.
ELECTRIC r.eedte EpecialiFts; superfluous hair
ft moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
. SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
r lectrlc r.ecdle.Dr.&Mrg.Traverse.H70 Market
AI.FRF.DfKS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: JCtj at all druggists.
ONE MIXLTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
iiwtertly; 10c end 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE coeturr.e*. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 31kt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. 52 50.
Misfit Clc-thinu Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR I-AMCTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tha
frc»t «-<Ti <yirf. ?r^c: w'.l <1mgriBt>^
PROPEltTY WASTED. .
WANTED— 1C0 acres or more general farming
land within S miles of railroad. G. R. W.,
room 60. Brooklyn Hotel: no agente.
ROOSIS FOH HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1020 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; gas and
t.mh. Call IMS PclK st. .
DEWEY House. 32 East St.— Furnished house-
keeping rooms.
ELLIS, 3^0 — 2 crr.ail sunny furnished house-
keeping- rooms in rear; rent $10.
FTFTH. S53 — Furrdshed housekeeping ; 3 con-
necting rooms, $12; 2. $12; single rms.. $4-J7.
GEAKY, 736 — Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; others; gas.
GOIiDEN 3ATE ave.. 21C — 2 sunny rooms and
kitchen, nicely furnished; basement. i • >¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404 — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD. C49 — 1 or 2 front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping with bath.
HOWARD. 728. near 3d— 2 or 3 nicely furn.
mis., complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
IIOVTARD, 1C32A — Furnished housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms with gas; cheap.
HOAVAUD. 1066 — Sunny front housekeeping
rooms and kitchen; cheap rent.
HOWARD, 1046 — Alcove bay- window room;
.with or witiiout kitchen.
HOWARD, 10C3 — 2 complete^- furnished sunny
connecting hkpg. rms.; range; run. water;$10.
JONES, 706A — A nice furnished eunny front
room; gronnd floor; rent ?7 month.
JULIAN ave., 154, bet. 15th and 16th— 3 sua-
ny furnished housekeeping rooms/ — • '
LARKIN, 716 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 cr 3 rooms, furn. or
unfurnished for bousekpg; no other roomers.
MARKET. 2S18, near 15th— 3 nicely furnished
bright fur.r.j- rooms for housekeeping; gas
range. Castro-street cars.
MINNA. 25 — Sunny furnished front house-
keeping and single rooms, 75c and $1 week.
POLK, 2216 — Parlor suite for housekeeping; un-
furnished; bath; phone; $12.
R.AUSCH, S3 — 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; j-ent $3 0; nice yard.
ETOCOTON. 1206 — Sunny single and douole
housekeeping rooms in a modern house; new
turn.; e&s free; gas stove; $5. f <J, ?S, $10, $12.
BUTTER. 428— By April 1, lower floor of 3
rooms.
TURK, ISO — A neatly furnished room for
housekeeping.
TURK. SC2— 1 large sunny light housekeeping
room; 1 small room.
TCKff. 643 — Large nteely furnished front room;
grate, gas. bath; light housekpg if desired.
CLASSIFIED advert! sements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at- 1036
Valencia ct.
ROOMS TO L.ET — Furn. and Unfarn.
ARGYLI? Hotel. 234 McAlSister— New. elegant,
sunny; 7!>c day upward; rates fcy week or
month; McAllister cars to doer; handsomest
srill .room ta Catlf orcla attached. . , • ; ; "
A — FKEE list furnished rooms to let; with or
without board; we save you walking the
Btret-ts. Tourist Renting Bureau. 10 Montg'y.
A— BHUXSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms,
25c to (1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all eight.
ASHBUST, 22!>— Sunny furnished rooms; in
private modern home; half-block from pork.
BURNETT. 1420 Market fold No. 1364>— Fur-
nished rms.. euites, elngle; also untarnished.
BUSH. CCS — Large room, nicely furnished; run-
clrig v.-ater; one or two gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA, S25— Sunuy smile or single
room; private family; references. •
CHESTNUT. 232, corner Dupont — Sunny fur-
nished healthy rooms.
•CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
fiynished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, €27 — Large nicely furnished room for
1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 50 night; $1 SO. $0 wlc; open all night.
ELLIS, 1104 — Elegant eunny unfurnished
room. ' .".••.*¦
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 4S3— Several veil furnished rooms to
let. - -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1221 — Pleasant eunny
room furnished; German family. • '
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission —
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
borne at moderate charges; 6Uit, single ;elevat.
HOWARD, C4C — New house; free gas; running
water; irom $1 23 week and up. -¦
JESSIE. 3C3. near Fifth and Market — Fur-
nished rooms, $4 and $3.
JULIAN ave.. 154, bet. 10th and 16th Bts. —
Eunny parlor, furnished or unfurnished.-,
LARKIN. 119 — Elegantly furnished 1 rooms; en
eulte or single. . ' . ; ¦ .
LARKIN. 804 — Large eunny room, neatly fur-
nlshed, for 1 or 2 gents. $« 50; elngle. $4.
LARKIN, filS'/x — Sunny front room; gas, bath,
phone; $7 per month; gentleman. . • *
LILY ave., 134, near Octavia— Nice eunny fur-
" niEhed Jiall room suitable for gentleman; rent
reasonable. • ¦ •
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Handsome/ euites;
private baths ;newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 434 — Single sunny furnished front
room; $4. .» •
MINKA, 6C7, corner 8th — Newly furnished bar-
. window room; (1 per week; transient. .
iII£SION, 2247. near l&th— Sunny furnlehed
front room; gas; for 1 or 2 men. ..
NATOMA,' C22— Furnished rooms in private
family. {' . ¦ .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely . fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
OAK, '719— -Large front room and 'kitchen;
partly far. '.I desired; tunny. yard; reasonbl.
PvOYALr House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent" light,
read I nc- room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
tor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ; ground
fioor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.;
lEuccessor to Flannagan & " Gallagher. j > '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r. ¦ \
FCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB3.
20 Fifth st.; opposite . Lincoln , School.
; - : - - Telephone South " 80. '. • : vs ,
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO. 1
R003fIS*TO LETr-Fnrn. and t'nfnni.
O'FARRELL 20 — Sunnx furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec lights;. day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 ElRhlh St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. '
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis.. 24 Turk st. - - . .-
SUTTER. 717— Furnished double parlors Buit-
able for of flees. ; ¦..--,' "¦-.¦'¦ -
TEHAMA, 331— Large sunny furnished rooms
- to let; also housekeeping rooms:
TENTH, 153 (upstairs bell)— Large nicely fur-
nished room; grate and closet, for, 1 or 2
young men; rent SS.
TURK. 210— Front room In cottage: rent low.
TURK, 545 — Pleasant eunny furnished room;
gat, bath, phone.
TWELFTH, 111— Larpe funny frcnt room, com-
fortably furn; phone, bath; prlv. fam.; reas.
VALENCIA. 1122— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; new flat; dinner If desired; gentlemen
pief erred. j ' "'¦¦--•'*.'
Vendome. 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. "Mrs. V. W. Miller. :
2 LARGE sunny front rooms with alcove; "run-
ning water, bath, suitable 'or 4 or 5 adults;
furn. or unfur. ; central. Box 4227, Call. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore. •
A BRANCH office ror Call advertisements «nd
FUbecrlptions bas been established at 1098 Va- i
lencta st. -. - - ;
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CO-OPERATIVE homes. Nos. 2- and 3. for
self-respecting, low-salaried working girls.
$2 50 per week, board and loddng; refer-
' rnce$. Call at Or address MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER. 645 Folsom gt. . \
MEREDITH. 21S Turk— Sunny front rooms-
plectrlc lights; hot and cold water; modern;-
first-class board; reasonable ;phone South 829. •
GOOD home for rlrl emploj-ed or child for
$2 50 per week. Call or address 22 San Car-
los ave.. between 17th and ISth sts.
Nicely furnished front room, modern flat home
cooking; couple S45; glngle $20. . S49 Geary.
VAN NESS, 915 — Large sunny rm; grate; run
water; CQuple. $45—3 suit, lerms; ex. board!
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
galtes. tingle rooms; first-class table board.
JOHNSON. The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates. ;
NIARA, C15 Taylor— Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
- ROOMS AND BOARD WANffiD. 1
YOUNG working man wishes room and board
in a nice private family; close to town. - Ad- :
dress J.J. REIJP. 737»4 Howard st. - '"-- .
ROOMS WASTED. '
AT once by three adults. 4 rooms lor house-
keeping. Box 4490. Call offiee.
. SPECIAL NOTICES. .'
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC • COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55SQ.
SEWIXOi MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold. rente3. ex.. repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. .145 Sixth.
WANTED— Tailors to buy the latest and best
sewing machine guides. R.C.Leith,GT2 Mission.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
raliing: lowest rates. 1>I. Greeti 144. 205 4th.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~C0L7
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 57J3.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. «30 Market- st*:
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~TYPEWRITERS — We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 2B6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 gansome.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS-^Office of the
Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
-.Eansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' I Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County. Cal.." ,and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
2<J. 1901. Statutes 1901. page 823), and In
accordance with the' resolution of the board
cf directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1001. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing the materials
and . performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital bu'ldlng, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with the plans, de-
scriptions, bills . and specifications prepared
thereror by George T. de Colmesnll, archi-
tect; and that contracts ¦ based upon such
eeaied proposals will be let. made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions. - bills and
specifications can be Keen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
' m. of each and every business day, • from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at the office of the said di-
rectors of *aid Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome st.; San Francisco. Cal.
•Hpparate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered Into as herein-
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of said buildine. erection or structure
' including the . furnishins of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An 1 act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State in relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1876
Statutes 1875-6. page 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say for the
following parts, namely:
¦ ' ¦ First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the -carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing -work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
elating work, and • ¦¦ .. ¦ . - - . . -
Sixth, for the painting and graining
Eaid work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the 1 two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including the
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor. -
The work Is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home- acting
for and on the behalf of Us eald lioard of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for as many
different, kinds of work as are hereinabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
«nd sufficient bond of, said proposer or bid--
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If eaid proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party • proposing or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contiwct or contracts, in accord-
• ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans
descriptions, bills and specifications. ¦ which
' are hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the' nald directors of the \ T eterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there.
- ©f. at the office of eaid directors roomll
320 Sansome St., In the city and' county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, on or
before the hour of 1 :30 p/ m. of the twenty-
second day of March. 1902 which is hereby
. designated ¦» the time and place where the
said sealed bids or proposals will be opened
¦byithe said directors of the said Veterans-
Home, and eald contracts let and'made
; If !n the opinion of said . board] of directors
of the said -Veterans' Home th«f acceptan"
of tfce lowest of said sealed bids or nroDosni.
eball not be for the best Interests of lh«
. State, said board of directors hereby reserve.
th« right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the beet Interests of the State, under and In
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of, the, said act entitled "An
act to regulate contracts on bshalf of the
Btate In relation to erection of builoinirs"
(approved March ¦ 23, 1876, Statutes 1875-6
page - 427), or to reject any oV all of said
eeaied bids cr proDosals,
For ' further Information ¦ and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby - referred to
.. the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, .at the office of said board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth.
/ By order of the board ' of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California. • ¦
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
Datf d February 10. 1902. ¦ /
.. MARBIAGE LICENSES. ,
The following marriage licenses, were: Issued
yesterday:' 1 :*- " ' *
Richard Retzke, 28. 78 Third "- street, • and
Marie V. Toussau,'24,'7S Third street.
Gkuret H. ¦ Rlchardeon,: if5,' Fort Apache,
Ariz., anfl Emma L. Meyer, 28. city.:" :•-¦ ,..-
Clement C. Young, • 32. city, and Lyla J. Vin-
cent, 2L city. . :>-.- .- V
Carl L. C: Petersen. 40, Alexander Valley,
and Magdalene C. Michelsen, 56, city. ;
Isaac D. Klonstock, 85, city, and , Grace E.
Coates, 34, ' city. •-. ' -;,' _• ¦ •¦_¦'¦ ¦-."
Hinrich Schoellermann, 45, Redding, and
Meta Van der Ltfbbe, 37. 133 Clement street.: ¦
• Francis • E. • Raynes, ; 1S». Angels Camn, and
Marie L. Koppitz, £7, ; 1322 Octavia street.
Mix. Olivet Cemetery,
. NEAREST THE CITY."- " ' '
O f f I c e, 9 1 6 / M a rket Street.
. " " Telephone Bu«h'. 367. ¦¦./:.>'.'.-.
OCEA1T TRAVEL; :-,-; - ;'/¦¦'¦
S" TKAMERS WILL" LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First? and Brannan* streets, at i p. ni.,'
for YOKOHAMA I and HONGKONG.' calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with > steamers for India,
etc." ¦ No i cargo . received : on' - board on . day of
calling.' ¦"¦- ' '.-¦'-¦•¦'¦•'¦ - " i-.i ., - ¦
S3. -AMERICA MARC. . . . .'. . '.. . '.. IV. : . . . . . . /
"j- ......;.......... ..Friday. March 21st, l»02
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ.............:....
i= .i-- .4.,:...:..*.;.: — .Tuesday., AprU15th. 1903
BS.NIPPOK MARU.V.: Friday, May 9th, 11902
-. '•¦; RoUnd-trlp: tickets '< at .'reduced': rates.: J iFor
freight and passage apply at company's. offlc*.
421 Market street, corner r First. <¦- \ >
: . - ., '' ' W, H. AVERT, 1 General Agent.. :
>'•-;'¦'-, AiiiJBXBLXGA.isrr.'xlixvja:.-. - '
- ; NEW TORK^-SOUTHAMPTON- LONDON". I
' Phlla<fel*Mar.26,10 - am St.. Louis. Apr.' 0.* 10 am ;
St.1Paul.Apr/ 2,'»10 am Phlladel.Apr. 16, 10 am
,'; • ;¦ '.'. , 3ECaE3I3r7Sn.-'^a«. i -.XjiIJVI3. V ". ¦ •
x " ¦'¦ \ vj NEWr^ftBK^- ANTWERP— PARIS. •" - ! "y
Haverford.Mar 20; noon' South Wark. Apr. 9, noon
Friesland..Apr,*,2,!noon Vaterlarid,'Apr.'US,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION. CO.; \
Chas. D. . Taylor. -G. A. 'P. C." 30 Montg'my.-
. Ernest- A. Wheelor. . 37, 917 Market street,
and | Minnie M. , Noble, 'Si, 944 Van Ness J ave.
Guglielmo i BlaginI,* 24," 702 ! Front ; street, and
Caterina Vannuccl, . 18, 702 Front street: :.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
30UTHERJST PAGIFia
Trnlna Imtritml nri> ilni-li nrrlf* wl
MAN K II A Si «!!>*«:»>." .
(Main Hn«. Foot ot Market 3tre«l)
tCATE '— v'Ktnt y«BRUAXT 9. 1903 — - ABXITS
7 t«O A Deii!ots,*SiUaaii. Elmlim »Qil a««r»- ¦'¦" '•
¦'¦¦ ¦¦ - meutu ,...,^. .<.•...>.......•• B.ilXp
"iO9a Vae»»Ule. Wlct*r», Kuuuoj.., t:."i3t
M»rti.i8/..S*iiK*mmi,V»lle]o. 5sp»» - "-'
l.'»li3t<>|tt.»iul.S»ii!A Hob* Htiip
SiOOa D»Ti», Woodland. Knlgnli Landiot.
M*rjatille. OnuilU : 7l3-1»
SiO»» Atlantht K»i,r«<w-Orl«ii mil Kut - *>S3a
H:Oi>a NIl«a. Iinthrop. Stockton;.'.......:.. ?tX3f
¦ iOOaXUm. Mmnlota. JUutord. VUiUn,
. - Po»*wnrJIle.'. .V.../...-..^... 4i.13»
Si3t*A ShMta Kxprns— D«tU, Williams (tot - .
IUrtlott Hriincs). Willow*. R»d
Bluff, FotUsnd... .....;:... 5 7ilM»
• i8«a S>ui Jni«, Mtormore, MtncUtnu.
Iniia. Hmcr»ineu to. ' l'Uoc nilla, . " '
' M.iry»»ni«, Chic... It«<! HhilT 4i2.1t
¦ ¦SO* Oakdair. ChineM.SoniTra. Tuolmttn* 4i2.1»
»:««» IUyw*nl. Kiieaaud W»f KUtious.. I IiA.1*
StOOA Vallejo ,12r43»
BittOA Loa Anxatea Eqmn — MtrtliioK. ' »
. Tr»oy, l,athrnp. MtoekkoD, M«r««a .
Vre«uu ami Los Angarfe* ,.v....... ' 7i»S»
II-.SBA Yatl-K Miwtiiiwc ami Xttj HUilc.n* ~i*a»
IO:UOa Tlia Overlaiid 1 Jail ted- Otden, i>«o-
T«r, Uiuabs. Chleaj{i> .*. , «Ii23#
fl:«Hp S»Gntin«iit» Kltnr .Siamn^r* flliUUr
tinur llDitiela, Winter*. . Hmnf*m««ilo. - v - --, -
iViimllAni!. KiillfHU l.au<lln».
M»ry«»lll«.Or.nll!«. .;;........... 1»:.V1»
¦ :3i»r Ilayiratil, NII<-» aii.l Way Stathms..- 7:"»ar
4i*«rMuUuw. N>n U»i»»h, ValUJow
N»|.«. ChIIiiI.hu. Hmitii UftRa »'*- 1 >4
4«oor Nile*. LiTtnnore. Stockton. L~H... 1* Jtur
*iil<>r H»yiTMil. Mlo», Hiui.iitii*. Li'«rroor« tSiflO*
4iSttrTli» Owl IJmlt«..l t. Ftfgno, TuUr«,
BuberiflaM, Hftil;!)* (or Santa Bar*
- barn, r.oti AllKtileS... ....,...; StSSft
5m»0p Port Costa. Tr*<T. Lathrop, Stockton IuiXSa
Siniir M4rt(nts. Antioch. fttodtton, M«r-
.c«d. Freano !»«*»»
•iWr Ha/war.l. NI1<m und Han Jaws....... 7iS94
flltttttr Vnlleja ;. 1||S34
•>O«r Oriental Mail— Ogrten. DenTtr,
Onialia. 3t Louis, fTliic»«o.. ...... «lS9*
tiOllr Oregon rtnd OalifniiiU Uz|>i«M,Haa>
rut.iBiitii Marj»rlll«. KviIiIIiik.
* - I'hi'IIhuiI. I'tiKHt rtiiuiiit nn.l E»st ti334
¦in.tr 8an Pablo. P»ri Conta, Martinez
a..«UVa» rtUtlom KJIKSwS H'»»*
UriWfVtlM............. ;..,.„.„.*. .7ia*y
COAST IjINB <R«rraiT«4<M»ti«X
. (Trot «rf M.rkat 3W««M
BiIOa NetTurk,C»rtWrillle,HanJ<M«,Pi>lto>nt
¦"' ;>\ lirtii!anr(;nek,.1a!ilaOrireana\V»»
bUUim* /.... •>*•»
ISilSr Nowark O«nt«rt Ilia. Sail Jni9, N«»
AlmaiUu, IThILih). ttnuldar t'ra«k.
Santo C/nis and lilnclp»l W»r ¦'¦*.-*- ¦'"» ''¦'-
Suiloui.i ..< ~. l*<n«4
4ilSr Newark. M»u .lo««, I.os Gat«a.: fS«3<»4
' •».3up Hunters' Train -Son. loie aad War -
StaMona. ....;.„ H.a«t
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY;
rria Sis mscisco-rMi *i Mukn \\m\ (sn/«v—
17:15 900 lt:00l.U. - l:C3 - }:]0 ftlSf .«.
rum OKU KD— Nil .' »r«Ww,.,_tcoo J. ; oO tS;O*
io:oo*.»}. ig:oa. a.oo .«:e»r.av , . ., - a
COAST IjINE (ltr««il !!««•).
, fl'hl"' »''d Townaemt Sl»> ¦--, ;'
R:I«A Ban Jo«) and W»y«Uliun«.. ....... «>4«4
7iOO\ Hun ,l«n« m rW»rHUti»iii , f»'«»*4
/7s««a Now Atua^vM ......... J^V..".^-. / 4lttt»
liOUACeatt Lie* Limited - Jw Jon
. Gilr.7, Hallnu. fiar. Lais OMipot *<&mm
Santa, liarb.ara. 1am AngrJei tu —- -
principal Intermediate slatlcia.... lMif
¦ <«Oa «i»n Jimn. Ties l"iou*. Haul* Urn*.
. rneliic Urn>*. M*lin««. 8*n Luis
. ¦ OMapo aud PrimetpaJ lutanaadl^t* ' . "- ;
Htiitidiw ...— ........ .... «ll«»
lODIO a Baa Jc« and W»y SUilon*.... «i3«*
I lia»A Han Join and Way KUtlnui »i4§4
I 1»t-lft» San .Matro. K«dwo<x>. M«»U Park. . ,
! r»!o Alto. Hanta Clara, San. ln»a.
I ¦ /*- v TraePiiMW, Santa Ornjt;,8«ltomv. .
Moiiierejr aii<l TaalDt UraTa...... |l 0i4.1»
«::i»p Man Jom and Way HUU<mi......... li»i»r .
MilftrSanJonamtPiitMnrml W.jMUUotw »tM»
4»B«r Soaaet limited— Mondaj*. Wednf*-
dajs, Frld*;«, for \jd% At>jslf». Kl
Faao. New urlem.n» and New York.
Anita Bandars. Tae«d»jr» aa4 - ...
Thurtdayt „. Iwilft*
fOi«»r Ban Jots. Los CUtos andPrludpal - -
Wa/86ktloui..........^.. ......... t»««»*
ilSOFBanJoisamlPrlueipilWayBUUons «i3Of
¦laftrSanJetoand W*r Sutloii*^.... ..-. 7*3«»
Ti*Or Vtnr Orleans Zxpraa*— feu Lab
1 ' Obispo. Sa.tU Barbata. Los An-
i • tele*. D mfn». Kl Pa»o. N*» O»» .—
lo»nt and K*«S ...... .............. tlt«*%
¦ 1ll«fSmJo«»;i,lWtT SUttona. ........ 1>*99
I . - A for Morniuc P lot Aft«n«oa.
t Bandar MOflHsd. I hundftf om\y. •> ¦¦ "
-Illiait»y«nl7._— . /TuwdajiMd. T&i*i±.
Santa Fe
Tpains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
| Local | Llm'd | Ovrl'd Local
j Daily I Dally ["Dally Dally
X.v. San Fran 7:20 af 0:00 a 8:00 p i-JtO p
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11 :45 a 11 :IO j> t:X8 »
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:18 a 10:50 j>
" Hanford.. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
" Visatia... 3-^8 p. -..;.. 8:0O »
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a.......
" Iian. City 2:40a T:30a ;.
" Chicago. 2:15p »:00p....»..
a for morning, p for afternoon,
9:00 a m. train Is the California. Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers: .. No second- -
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor- :
responding train arrives at 7:06 a. m. dally.
4 -.20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. .Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. 13 the OverTajja Express, wrtft
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to; Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts ' out at Fresno.
.Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. tn. Is Bakersfleld.' Local, stopping
'at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily..
Offices — 641 Market street- and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. -." >' . ' '¦ V . ,, ....^..... ..*¦
CALIFORNIA NORTBWBStiiN RY; CflL
SAU FRARCISCO AND HOT fi«.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot: of : Market S|>
San Francisco to Sim Rafael. • - .'
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:0O,Hrfl« «. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m.. . nwrsdaTS— BDtU»
trip at 11:30 -p. tn. -Saturday*— Extra trlp«
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. A -.- _ _• _ "
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3<^
6:00. 8:20 p. m. ¦ . : .' , .
San Rafael to f*aa FpamcUoo. . ;
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. »:20»;lliM a-.m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. nu .Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p; m.. •" •' _
SUNDAYS— S:1O, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. '.'¦¦-.; ¦ „. - -. ' .„>,'
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 1901 [ Ban Franctoco^
Week I Sun- I f , Sub- I Week
Days. \ days. 1 Destination \ daya. } P*y».
7-30»m 8:00am Novato,. . 10:40am] 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6r08pm lO^Saro
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:35pa> 6:g0pn»
Fulton.' 1 — -•
7:30am Windsor., v ¦-.,.-»!»»¦
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am ' .
Lytton, : - : :-
Geyservnia, . ¦• - "¦",.;¦
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:55pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland- 10; 40am 10 :25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 71S8pm 6:20pn\
7:30am \^ - . 10:4eamJ10:25am
. -. 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:33pm -¦ ¦¦ .-
S-JJOym 6:00pm -''"'¦".''"•.'* ' *?0p«*
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma % 9:15am ,8:40am
¦ . ... and... . ; ". *,. ¦--',-
8:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:0Spm < :20pm
7 :30am I 8 :00am I . - "" |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm|"5:00pm| Sebastopol:"! 7.:3&pm( ft:20t>m
--Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark Wast
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for. Skaggs Springs;- at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland* for Dunc«n
Bprlnes. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, C»r>.
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and BartlMB
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy. Springs. Saratoga,
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo* Potter . . Valley,"
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe.Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg; .Westnort. U«a^
Wlllits. Laytonvllle. ; Cummins.: Bell's Spring*.
Harris, Olsen's,. Dyer, - Scotia and Eureka." • » - •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ' - . .-• :.-j v
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate* pMMaVMMm
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building. . '. • /
H. C. WHITTNG. R..X. RYAN.
" Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pasa. Agt. .
MOUNT TAMALPA15 RAILWAY
""-, Leave -Via Sausalito Ferry . - Armre
San Fran. Foot of Market St.. - San Fran.
D-30 a. 8:00a. i^. 1 « m^L ui^, im 10Q r. k43 a,
1:45 p. 10:00a. j^Z^^^^^j 3M t. 3:» p.
405 i>. 11:30a. 4:25 » 5s5S '•
... S*rt0&aa. «ttXA2JJKBIXJUT H4SACB*U»nUl . .
The Wely Call
SI per Yeiap.Geors« Mayerle, German Expert Optician.
Catrance 1071 Market; look for eya wltn crqwa.
- Of ; all money, transaction*-. In ;' England
97, per cent are, transacted by checks, only
3 per cent by notes and fold. •'-..'. • - . .
' , Ofderja supply of i Evans'; Ale' or .Evans',
Stout; from': the nearest; dealer. i> Sherwood
& 1 Sherwood.'.dlstributors;, San ; Francisco,
Lost Angeles,. Portland;? Seattle. : . •
Good ; Advice.'
The-^Vasp' published; a boardlngr-house ' story,
this" week whlch.has | excited a commotion 'In
social : circles. .;• Everyone Is • guessing- • who ; the
couple are.: k i2*5AS^£<*>*laHSflo - '.' *
Boarding-Houses Excited.
Chon. Keon was held to answer before
the Superior Court by. Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of murder without
ball. ¦... He shot and killed Chin Ging at
Washington street and Ross alley on the
afternoon .of February H . because he
alleged Chin Ging had stolen his wife and
money. : When. the case was first called
Chon Keon wanted to plead guilty and be
hanged at once. - ; ¦'/- '.'.
widow claimed -that her -husband had
given her the- money at -various "times
She : finally i admitted t that - he (old h w to
put .lt;ln the.bankj saying. : •'It ianytning
happens to me It Is yours, and if any thin,
happens to you -If Is mine." : , ; \"*
Chon Keon Held > for Murder.
. -
A difference of opinion has arisen be
tween Superior Judg* Lawlor and Auditor
Harry Baehr over the- payment of de
mands in favor of citizens drawn to serve
as trial Jurors In criminal cases. The
Auditor, holds that the mere appearance 1
ln court Is not enough to warrant the payi]
ment of $2 per diem to a Juror, while
Judge Lawlor holds that under the codo
It does. ¦
.The question came up at the 'Auditor's
office yesterday when the demands of 130
jurors were presented for payment. Alex
Fraser, who held a demand signed by
Judge Lawlor for J2 for one- day's "ap
pearance" ln court in February, last, and
Henry Goldstone. who held a similar de
mand, caused- all the •' trouble. Fraser' a
; wife told the Auditor that her husband
i had not been in town for five months and
Goldstone said he had not "served" on a
Jury, for more than a "year. This puzzled
the Auditor and for a time trouble for
some one seemed Imminent. '.It was
learned," however, that - Fraser's » warrant
should have, been drawn ln favor of M.
Scliwabacher and that the latter's failure
to get his warrant' was^due to a mistake
In -checking the names. Goldstone had
not served, but he had "appeared" in'
answer to - a summons and under Judge
Lawlor's ruling he Is entitled to pay.
In the Supervisors* .budget for this year
the sum of J16.00O la set aside to pay jurors
who "serve." There were thirty-seven $2
demands presented to the Auditor yester
day for payment. The holders thereof
had' answered summons to appear and
according to Judge Lawlor they are en
titled to pay, ' :¦
. As the warrants were all signed by the
Judge, the*Auditor had no redress and haU
to cash them. :
, Before School Director James Denman
can sit as one of the Judges in the trial
of Miss Mary ¦. C. - McKinney, the teacher
in the John Swett Grammar School, who Is
charged: with incompetency, he must con
vince Judge Hunt that he Is. not prejudiced
against the lady. . According to Attorney
Stephen . V. : Costello, who . is looking out
for the legal end of Miss McKinney's bat
tle, with the Board of Education and Prin
cipal • Lyser, . who ; preferred ¦ the charge
against her,' Denman is not in a frame of
mind to give the teacher a fair and im
partial , hearing. ;'; ::'¦'¦
The "school teacher's" attorney has had
Director fc. " W. ' Mark ; disqualified for ut
tering opinions adverse to ; the lady and
yesterday: Costello asked for a writ ot
prohibition restraining Denman from try
ing Miss McKinney -because of -a certain
spejsch the aged educator hadwith Super
intendent Webster. In this, talk, alleges
Costello,' : Denman said: « "The woman Is
Insane; we must .not have any crazy
teachers In the 'department." -
' The case*. was- assigned . to Judge Hunti
who issued the writ against Mark. ¦•
¦'•..The , proposed •' changes on .Nineteenth and
Twentieth streets. • between Iowa ¦ and ( Indiana
streets,^- are Mo-, be: made In conjunction ,wlth
the arrangements • ior ' the' construction and
maintenance of .a steel ; foot ', bridge . on ) Nine
teenth; street, •;• between -Iowa 'and- Minnesota
streets, - and\ the ¦ construction ' and maintenance
of -'a.; temporary -wooden foot brWee on. Twen
tieth ¦ , street. '. between ' Iowa;, and . Minnesota
streets; 'also with an agreement; on the part of
the - Atchlson, r ' Topeka and Santa ; Fe : Railway
isystem-to/ at -any -time after, the . expiration ol
fe. t term 1 , of five , yeara,> -whenever -the - city,. au-_
thorltles may .require. > remove .L f the ,. wooden
structure .', which ahall- have, been erected on
said'. Twentieth street, between Iowa and'Min
nesota : streets.-;. and ,. reDlaee .the' same" with a
• steel j» wasron -. and . foot •' bridge ' of • a ' width : 'of
thirty-three ; feet, . out : , to ,out, ; and; to maintain
the '.' same ; I further, 1 " to ' construct I and • maintain
whenever j required .' a ' substantial stairway ! on
Twentieth i street, extending easterly r from the
easterly. ' : llne : of . Iowa,,i street,-: and - running • to
the » lower: grade plane on Twentieth ' street, be
tween Iowa and Irfdiana ' streets. ' •.•-¦-••-.¦ ¦-,-¦,-
1 The Krade:, changes: herein recommended for
Elthteerith street : are? only < to be 'effected in
case' arrangements .be' made -with- the? 1 Atchl
son, - ToDeka and' Santa.Fe -Hallway, if or 1 the
maintenance ot the ; roadway and ; sidewalks of
Eighteenth 'street, .between Iowa street and
a aolnt:,85'0-12 : feet:- easterly .-from -.Indiana
street; • ln I accordance' with plans i satisfactory
to your honorable board and the Board of Pub
lic-Works. .:-,' > -r ! ,•-.".'¦¦•
. The Board of Public Works recommend
ed • yesterday' jjj to v "the Supervisors that
grades' be established on Minnesota, street ;
Nineteenth, street; between Tennessee 'and
Indiana; streets; :on;Eighteenth street, be
tween* Iowa and ' Indiana • streets, 1 and on
Nlneteepth street; '. between^lowa and In
diana: streets.*;" The', streets ,' are .located
where the; SantaV Fe. Railway- Company
proposes •' improvements ? <^f -.great"; magni
tude. "In' a communication "to the; Super
visors o'n'.the'subject'the Board of Works
says:- ¦¦¦"••;•-¦;¦.,¦.'- 'y' '¦ '¦ i'. -. - . ¦¦ '' ' ; ,''•
ii Mrs. Smith.*' the widow, : also • petitioned
for' special letters, j' nominating ; John-' H;
Dawso'n.Hhei well -known fas ad
ministrator. .The latter, was appointed yes
terdayJ by; Judge Coffey. ' During the hear
ing. G;< F. : Smith and -A.-D. ; Smith 'charged
thelrf. stepmother!' and > her - children 1 with
using "undue ;f Influenced over -; their:' father
i'cr j the ; purpose:oi;securiris,"bi3;property.
'¦* Attorney ,LW/ M.'CannonT.who represents
the f - children rot ; theyflrst ¦ wlf e.'i" cross-ex
amined j Mrs^ t Smith; very sharply; about : a
deposit " of : $^000 '•: In • a ' local '¦>. bank. ' v The
•He left no will; and!*A. D. Smith brought
the estate V intoT court : by ; petitioning • for
special letters of administration; claiming
that Smith's ¦ "property was held by- rela
tives' who pretended 1 to J own the same."
.'; Between the time of his withdrawal and
his ; he divided I his ' remaining , prop
erty,]'j consisting ' .1 of "interests In a large
number 'of I ships '^worth $50,005 and; prop
erty .on. Dolores; street, between .Twenty
third and; Twenty-fourth,: among" his. sec
ond .wife and the .offspring "of 'the second
marriage,", giving deeds : and 'bills , ot > sale
for the same. ¦ ; 1' : "
. G . : F. 5 Smith and ; A: ¦ D.V Smith, • children
of thejflrst wife, were engaged with ' thelr ;
father In 'the rigging business. ' Some time
ago 'the] "deceased ,, withdrew- ¦ 57500 :and
transferred two-thirds of ¦ the business to
.his .sons.; .Last ¦ October 'k they "paid "him
$1400 and he. withdrew, from the firm alto
gether/..; ;. ' ' -. .. ' ;. .- > ; '...' ? : - ¦
; two families , of the 1 late ..William
II. Smith, the well known rigger and ship
ping man^who'died February 28, 1902, leav-;
ing ' an f estate . worth more than $50,000,
have" 1 entered : into \ a dispute . over. r his
wealth and will probably soon be involved
ln a' legal action to determine ; their rights.
Snilth\ was married twice, /and the. chil
dren of his first wife,: who is. dead, claim
that ••' their mother's i successor; and: her
children" unduly ' Influenced , Smith fi in the
distribution .of his property. C--;" s ,- ; '¦'. { ¦'•
' Wh'en^i 8lje wasi: taken j to'- the /Central
Emergency. Hospital - it? : was
that 1 she did . not need medicine,* but' food.
Then; she -.was, placed' in^thejAlmshouse.'
where ¦ she 3 will • be allowed ; to* spend , her
few remal nin g days j In! pe'ace?,; She is very
feeble ' andilt Is not thought; that 'flhe will
long 'survive 'her ? husband: -' Both : were
' McQrath was "about 75 -years of-age and
was 'receiving - a 'small pension vf rom'. the
Government as ; a '¦ veteran -' of • the Civil
WaivvOf- late years lie" had) been- able I to
do but Jlttle to" support; himself -and .his
wife, and had It : not been for 'the pension
they might: have starved. 'Several; weeks
ago .Mcarath'contractedv a- severe cold,
whjeh developed- into pneumonia.,- and his
faithful , old; wife; ;hardly: able, to' do'morc
than crawl around therooirijherself, wait
ed upon' hlni'wlth ! a devotion and ,self
sacrifice ', rarely > equaled. | < They ' had j been
three days. without a- scrap ' of food in the
house, she. said/, She'could-not leave her
sick 1 hutfbaud,', butiremalnedr by: his. side
until the r grim " end - came," \ arid * even then
she. would not desert him;: < Her sufferings
had almost unhlrigfed her.'njind,'iand she
spoke.-in a' childish strain/;./ ¦' :'"'}.}•. •;•*
•Mrs.' Ellen'Deeley McGrath; lay. by ; the
side ,of ther. dead .husband;, John-McGrath,
yesterday morning^- in 1 their humble quar
ters, ,166 .Clara, street,- when* H. "Olseh, a
kind-hearted neighbor^. • called ¦ • to • see
whether sh'e' was .'.sick', or 'dead: Her hus
band had died' during 'the night; and the
decrepit old 'woman'' ha'd .the j b'edclothlng
covering her' head when Mn» Olsen called.
She'^was". muttering incoherently, .and the
visitor.. made. -up" his .mind Vthaf/thel old
woman was' insane. ¦- The -police were:iio
tlfled, and the old* couple that. had breast
ed the storms "and basked in' the' sunshine,
of life together for, more* than a half-cen-;
tury. .were.! separated, Ithe. husband being
taken to the Morgue, : the poof old' woman
to the Ahnshousc. T" 1 •','¦ ' "' ¦"
¦ Harry, H. Glendeunlng is suing. Ethel iL,.;
Glendenning,. 1 f or, : .;divorce . '. for . , desertion.?
They ( «n«ere- married at . Sacramento in'
August, 1894, have two children and' reside
at 19 Willow avenue. ; According' to .thd
husband's complaint Mrs.' : Glendennlng
left him' January 13, 190L"* ','
born in" Ireland' and- came; to this country
fifty years ago." , The couple had no chll-'
dren. . i" .. .¦• ¦ ' •., ' ':" . ..¦¦ ':¦'¦'¦¦<¦'¦:'•: ¦¦ .
j A suit I for ! divorce on ;' the ' grounds 4 of
cruelty and desertion was flled*i by l Trin
Sheovolos against-, Marina; Sheovolos' yes
terday. ' Mrs. Sheovolos, ; her ; husband al
leges, came. to~lhe"store"whei'e; he" was
employed, corner of Leavenworth and El
lis streets. . and created a disturbanpe - by
insisting , that, he', owned "the ¦ store." •> This
made him >. very he ' says.*' She
helped herself , to the goods, : he declares,'
and was -only , prevented 'from-. becoming
more boisterous by theanivalofa-pollce
ofneer. ' The Sheovoloses were married in
1S98.' . ; .:; ¦ -, ' . -¦:: '¦ :;•»•"••:$
Anna Apel , Is suing Carl . Ap el,' a/tanner ;
for divorce ' on the ground of ¦ cruelty. The
couple v/ere married in. 1885 and "have four
children. They ieslde at A Wolf e street/- £
Mrs. Apel alleges: that/ her '-'husband
about a year ago threw her over a"chair
with such force that she is still suffering
from an internal injury ¦ received ' in < the
fall. She alleges further /that : !¦ oh -the
night of February 1 of this? year' * he
knocked her senseless by striking- her
with his fisr. ' • . . , •_ ? ...¦¦¦• u
Mrs. Christine Parsons of • 12G5 Ellis
street is suing the Market Street Rail
way Company for 55352 damages for in
juries received ln November,- 1901, through
being thrown to the ground by. the sud
den startine of the turntable at the foot
of Market street. Mrs. ' Parsons, who. is
69 years of age and weighs 220 .'pounds,
claims that the injuries she received kept
her ln bed for two months. ... , •
Turntable Causes Damage Suit. .
Judge Holds Jurors Are
Entitled to Pay for
Appearance.
Lawyer Oostello Objects
to His Trying Miss
- McKinney.
Prelibainary Steps for
• Santa ;Fe Company,
..; .Improvements.
Tanner's iWife Says :Her
Husband Knocked
Her Senseless: ;
Pitiful , Plight :vof ;EUen
JMcQrath *in Her ij
p; ' ¦¦;./. Old A^ge. •*''¦:'
Offspring of Smith's Two
Marriages Appear
¦ ¦;;¦ in.Coiirt. V .
LAWLOR CLAIMS
BAEHR IS WRONG
SITS DENMAN
IS PREJUDICED
GRADE CHANGES
IN THE POTRERO
BOTH FAMILIES
CLAIM WEALTH
CHARGES APEL
WITH CRUELTY
LAY BESIDE HER
HUSBAND'S BODY
Jacob F^hel, broker, 317 Davis street,
# eecured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
;ye6terda.y for the arrest of Samuel' Mles-'
t«?r, commission merchant, on the- charge
.of obtaining. money by false I pretenses.
.FIshel alleges that ln May last . Miester
obtained $100 from him by representing
teat he owned oil lands ln San 'Bernardino
"County and urgently needed the money
because R. E. Swing had filed suit against
him to recover possession of- the lands,
.which he declared to be false. Miester
¦was arrested and released on $300 bonds.
Declares Miester Deceived Him.
Schools to Be Closed Three Days to
Enable Teachers to Attend . ' t
Institute.
The Board of Education yesterday sent
the following circular of Instruction' to
principals: • :¦ '
Schools wlU be dosed on March" 19.- 20 and
2X, 1902. to enable teachers to attend the In
stitute as required by law. • " r ' : •_ . »
The mid-term . vacation has been 'fixed .from
March 24 to March 2S, both dates Inclusive. ¦
Tou are requested . not to hold- examinations
.on March 17. 1902, so that . the: children of
parents taking x>art in the celebration of that'
day may not lose credits 'by absence.- • '
• Your attention Is directed .to. section r 100 'ot
.the rules, and you are requested to see that
janitors carry out directions durlnr vacation,
¦ecpeclal attention to be given to scrubbing tho
floors and cleaning the building- and . furniture.
EOAED OF EDUCATION^ . / | ; j
FIXES MID-TERM VACATION
The personnel of the department In
cludes 1 chief engineer, 2 assistant', engi
neers, 7 battalion chiefs, 57 -captains .of
companies, 57 lieutenants, 37 steam." engi
neers, SS9 drivers, tillermen, ,. hosemen,
stokers and truckmen.' ' - - ' . .
Attention Is called to the necessity of a
fully equipped engine and truck company
in the rapidly growing boarding-house
district ln the neighborhood of Suttef and
Jones streets. For this purpose a
sition of $22,950 is made. For! 'two'. new
combination hose and chemical wagons
$2000 each is required, two new hook 'and
tedder trucks will cost $3000 each, and. for
three new fire engines $5500 each Is .asked.
Several of the chemical- machines. now ln
use are of old style and have deteriorated.
For substitutes for disabled' firemen $7S00
Is needed.
The estimate is Indorsed by Fire -Chief
EuUlvan, and the Commissioners J call at
tention to the charter "provision : fixing
salaries of firemen at $30 . and. $100. per
raonth when they have served , two and
three, years. In the estimate is an: Item
for fifty men of the first year- at. 580 per
month to permit of leaves of one day In
every ten. . . ' ¦ -
The Fire Commission yesterday, for
warded Its estimates of the requirements
ef the department for the next fiscal year.
The Commissioners say they will require
an appropriation of $S9S,720, which -Is the
least amount with which the department
can be conducted. Of this amount • $159,
800 Is for new apparatus, materials and
supplies, 5687,580 for salaries, $44,220 'for
Corporation Yard employes and J7620 for
stable employes. - ... ,
for Additional Firemen. and* a
New Engine Company. .
Commissioners Petition. Supervisors
STATE REQUXREirENTS '
OF FERE DEPABTMENT
• Hutchinson »ax then told" not to make
a noise otherwise he would ha vie Ills head
blown off, and tba'two masked footpads
and the woman ran down ; Leavenwortb
•treet. Hutchinson did not report the rob
bery till yesterday afternooh. He said he
thought the woman was known at the sa
loon on Post and Taylor streets, . and. the
detectives are making an Investigation.
Hutchtnson describes the . woman ! as
•weighing about 175 pounds, light complex
ion and hair and wearing a black tailor
made suit, black bat and veil and black
feather boL I ; -
Archie Hutchinson. a clerkj who lives at
726 Post street, met the wpman * at" Post
and Taylor streets shortly befpre - 11
o'clock Friday night. They went into the
saloon on the corner and had severaf
drinks. After leaving the they
walked west on Post street, and Just be
fore reaching Leavenworth street two
masked m«*i«Jumped from a doorway in
front of them. One of the men grabbed
Hutchinson by the throat and, the other
presented a revolver at his head and or
dered him to throw up his hands. Hutch
inson' promptly obeyed,, and .'the blonde
woman went throuffh hi» pockets," secur
ing about HO. . 1. .' *'"-
A stout, blonde woman was" the] star
performer at a hola-up on Post street,
near J>avenworth, about 11 o'clock Friday
night, and she did her share of the job so
quickly and deftly that the police are in
clined to the belief that she Is not a
novice at the business. She Is probably
the woman whom a discharged soldi* r
followed from the Tha'.la abo at two week3
ago till she reached tne Oerman Cafiioltc
Church on Golden Gale avenue, when- two
masked men sprang upon him -and robbed
him of his watch and coin. . , ; ."....
Makes Second Time She Ap
peared in That Pariic- f
ular Role. ¦ ¦
Blonde Woman Takes
Part in Hold-Up on,
Post Street.:" •'
ACTS AS DECOY
FOR FOOTPADS
: T^^S^^tt^CIS^qgfc^C^ SUNDAY, MARCH- 16; 1902.
40
|^ that ha? quality fciwfh-ll^la
satisfaction — is ' Vi^ilfll'PSSf
! ihe kind of suit • - KfliHi'Wl •
you get. In- our ¦ 11'lf'liHI 1 '
tailoring deparr- - . tliW-,, .I'lasl I
ment- Order one. Im0 ' ' - '" iS 1 4 1 - * **
Payments of . ... jSf. : !_fe ll ' ¦'
a Week
arable you to be aa well dresned as you
desire. . ¦ . ¦: . .
Br SME OF OUR NAME AND. ADDRESS
128 Ellis St. AbWPown
v-- - . : .repeats Itself in fashions. as in politics!.' 1 ; The -Duchess i Du Barry ..who* for a while ; was the center of an admiring group in the latter days yT^\
of Iipi^vXA^s reign is again Jjfe center £f>n*o|J|^^ Her 'fayonteTcios'e^ (^a^y with trains) : ;\- /rf ; $ff 3>s\
'^~^- ¦''.:'' .''"¦'':-.¦'":!" '"T : '.'' . '; ".'.,'¦ -"'..'. .' : J.. ' ' '/, '/* with;little:or^no:color on them,' maybe .tucked or corded Ior strapped, but with no frills or i\^^^^Bv ¦* A
¦¦¦^^"QT'iP-i*^'-flTrt\7'P^ C : I^-PiS/i'V' ' faricies; nothing to spoil their : lines, are' again in the. ascendency. : It's a year '.of lines in suits • V Wff «v = j&
• f^fl: , :.-Sr^ : . ..' ; :^ >: >* *" 'Y-^^- '¦^ ln^ ats - But 'tailors, like milliners, thinktheymustjputron^a little here and a little: there • JBpj fe]Sw|i))^P^m^ §'fe>
• : --"^' ..¦//.;,.'' '.".'¦¦'. .''.'.'.'.'.'•'"• ,\ ' . .. : '. ". '¦''¦'¦''..•¦'. ':- ." ¦'¦<•' ti. 11 : first thing, you know -the: lines are gone.; 'It's to g^et these lines that requires the/ highest Wlp \\\\W- W\^E -rr ,f^
Lace i>P : variety, for street or afternoon^or j art:/;It:sVthe';sriape/ thecut r the.-swing/of the suit, that gives it style and prominence this • SgJ| ftk \\i^^(f /M :
. ;-'..•¦ ; v ;evenmg;;, W ear; picked with care and^ discretion! '¦ spring-— a Du^ Barry personality that seemsto take ahold- of one as soon as they see it. We 3l! fv Wtr^^^^^ "1^^&
ISlik .Ol! to please San Francisco's best dressers. We've -invite every one to come to-morrow and see this '-styje .through' its varying -modes, for \ «p^4^ r A 23 S Pfe
Hf-£»' lam/in HfPCC TllnVPC af cO -Doubly interesting because they are American made and shown in fine, spacious quarters. ., .. t\"35lfll \\ I'/^^Bb^
« * LC7. JUUVill L/1C&3 VJSUVC5 d •, vPl»^>V/» .We've lately remodeled our cloak and suit section, giving it every modern touch of convenience and luxury. lizI*^^C fi\ U 'l^tlW^3f
Park inrl Sin 'Fnnri^n fivnrifpQ famnin; for tiieir fault- • *«7. SO— Black moire silk with a Gibson blouse Jacket; .<5."»2..")O— Fashionable black and white smooth finished "^ — K|\ \ \ >^^^SF I
rarib ailU C5an . l.ranclSCO ia\ontes, iamoilS ior.uiur ,dun the tails are slashed to nt the hips smoothly; the roll- cheviot, blazer jacket, slashed sleeves, pompadour col- — }^$%F> I \ W >U >L->
less "fir inH'lono- life Oniv spifrteH Frenrh kid skins o-o'ifltO " ing collar,' th«> fancy bishop sleeves, have a silk ap- ; lar, a broailcloth girdle and reveres; the skirt' has a «£Fl2?*«? IM I I If
less lit anu long me. Univ selected rrencn Kia SKlllb gu iulu pllque trimming The skirt has a double French box yoke top, with a deep circular flounce. d^^J^ I I * \ -°^-L
tliein The'v are ill' all the" new" and Staole Shades Of tan mode, Pleat down the front; tucked, graduated flounce, head- 840.00-Handsome blue Venetian cloth; silk lined; dJxft&T / «4 -^Bz^-l
iiicui. A"cy uic lii^dii uic UCW V ciliu &Ldpic aiidu^ ui idu, lnyut, ed with black applique French tucks over hips; silk' '-moire vest; shawl collar ending ln a French point; tftT*feU i \VK^^*^
hr'nw'n rpri " liliip -o-riv. o-rppti mnctinup ' n'pnrl vvliitp anH'hinric ¦ drop skirt. * ' -: \ • , • . r ." ¦' ; . ffront; strapped » and crossed with moire \ bands; bell vt\\ y\ r \ '^^* < S >^
DlOWn, iea,DlUe, gray, green, maStiqiie, pearl, Willie anq.DiacK. Venetian; an extremely stylish Gibson . Isleeves; graduating: flounce. The moire bands help to / I \ "<^
Among.pth>rs,are:;.; ¦; / . , | : ' W0 | a^ffi? a^lK^ fS^^fflSSSS^ I that runs mto /\ iVV
I Marvel 2-clasp; Bique^shable glove, made of selected kid^ skins. ,, It's , a /V^S^^S&X^^Z&^.Z^ rtve^f ?ac^wl?h e^o^ Urn - baCk CUfls: C ° U / V^ / / / V \
.. glove that : does not soil with perspiration. Always fresh and stylish, lansr, with braldand' sweeping curves and squares of stitch- . S27.5O— Etamine, blue and black, with ajaunty dou- *^^//f // "/ I \\ VV
1. . .mode,. -beaver, '.mastique, 'white or black— $2.Q9 a pair. - '• ; ¦'.-x r-ed-peau desole. ¦- • .. : ble-breasted jacket; military straps in front; shawl iff //, I /I \\ \W
The Marvel 2-clasp . Overseam Glove is. lighter "and '.more -dressy, ; and y e.r jiEg^^g^^S^^^a r S?dStS k 8^\'iSK5? 7 // / // \\\ VV^
only JpJ«.« •», spring shades. ; \ : — ¦¦''¦' '•' : '" "¦"¦ * stylish" serpe -tine skirt 'trimmed with broad, glossy, French folds-. . , . c . \^£J§ / "It \ \ \ A
'¦/•'.-,' '.'. % " ' Tht> ' fnhnn ¦/J/nwe ' ' '¦' ' ¦ ' ""• ¦"¦ ' straps down front, meeting the flounce; corded tucks ; S24. 75— Venetian, with an interesting collarless Eton '^ — \ It, I / // ) \ i \'//\
I . ., ' • ¦ - .- 1 tie rupric UlUves. . • » • • , over the hip i; silk drop underskirt. <¦ 'i . Jacket with a dainty vest; tailor collar; French dip v — *+~J If, \ J If h 11/ VV
} Even at25c women may get a superior quality of lisle glove, 2-clasp,. -all ' *3."».OO-Etamine, . douDle-breasted blouse Jacket; iex-; \j front; circular flounce skirt, which has that new styl- -^./V i J I, V \ 'L \
.colors. -The chiWred^ at^price are finished with silk embroidery^. , t ; SlSs^l S?ra?£SV h^T^au^ui : suit; Eton Jacket; silk lined- '¦¦ . OfeLid L^
Splendid choosing 'at other prices. . ••: , . graduating flounce and. a drop .silk' underskirt. It's . roll cuffs: stitched satin bands; flare flounce skirt- new *T^ \.>2ZJF$&P Jf5S*£& /
. :- .';:¦¦;.:: ¦;¦: 'Lace Gloves the Latest Novelty. ;- ¦ ¦ one those strong m im e . outfits; ¦ . _. ; . : . styieback ; • v^ Ht^ £^^
25c and 50ciPair—An%nsv. price for such style. They have 2 clasps; come, ¦ . r : TVTy-kW-W r '¦¦¦"¦ : d 5 1 Xr \X / Vl 5 tr*4- *+ I HaJf-Prlce Sale
-in>hit e> .m O de > :gra y: and;bl a ck. ¦ ;. ; . / ¦::';;¦' ' IN C W OlIK W alStS. ; D aner Flower*
-•¦•>-- ..-¦-..,~i -.-,-- -,^.,... :^.-. ....... , — \ — - ,.»-. ¦:,.,.- • :¦ . ,. . .:..-. :¦¦ ' . SO.To— Black silk- taffeta, with fine tucks down the front, to " $10.00 — Peau de Seine, in oink black whit^ mair^ nr 7" 1
¦ :< r*W '¦¦¦¦'•*'£• <*n . ".--a-'- x-T ¦ ¦/¦ -a •'. • ' -: ',- ; r <the;walst line, gfvlng a long dip effect; reveres run to a ¦ , ./ \u • aeinc » t "» P"»«» oiaoc, wmte, maize or p or Easter Decorations.
.- •.¦ -J^W-r-thl >>>!¦•¦ /^ni*«4-nl*«o • ' ¦• ' ' Point-In the, back; bishop sleeves, stock collar, lined.- r ..-.•• j- lavender, -with anew gathered yoke, with deep cuffs set —
" i^^ I 8 1 B IHj | .1 51 I 5-1 I n^k ',-..• 87.50— Peau de Sole, corded and hemstitched on sleeves; • on jet ornament down the front wit-Vi mr^^H tnrl-c t- -. it a i_ i i vt 1
' - r-. .-JLX •UlillWU- • VUl L-dlllO* , front.and back; has that new pouched fronti buttoned down • . «», wnu jci uruamcin aown m« tront, with corded tucks Easter lilies that look like the
, :?>;,/«.',•.• . i '..-.-.. •.-;--. v:-V- - the back. - v> 1. . . . ' ; . running to a point in the back. -^ w^vw.-TT., •-.
¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦ . ' '\: ., - . • .- ' " ¦¦-¦•----¦¦-¦ - - ¦ - ¦¦ .... rea | fj ower> finished with foh-
In'Q^vScc^ :Our new line of Cottage curtains is; complete: '^fJ^^^ijL'^^lf. C 5 I l>c Wm/1 F^#«nCTC» ' i^i W^>1 r» a^ e> Those we sel1 regularly
p- V lSlCllf§^SlPP| suggestions for bright I13.SXQV UrCbb VJOOUS. at $i 50, beginning )to-mor-
-nlSiinet, enirig up the- home; Somehow housewives take ' tt > n „.- '•'¦ \il- i. * 'a j j r 1 •u-r+- • U* a 4. jj i, • • row 75c a dozen or 7Hc each.
¦ and .particular pride in their homes 'durimr 'Easter .Here's a collection, that affords wonderful possibilities .in attire Art and dress have joined Tho^ h we havc se J zl hundrcd
RnKh'n^ f^Wp^fi c a Homes . during Ulster hand togive wom ankind beautiful clothes this. spring. Textile artists have gone to seventeenth we feel they won't last ion*. They
. l^! 1 ? t ;^e. They find many of :thec^erest,ideas . - intin sfor tHeir mspirations - Modern machinery has allowed, then^to weave into dollar - e in ? j<" decorating
Vv • • of recent drapenng^s come from ruffled curtains s ;, ,, , , ,r , . j 1, ¦¦"-. a '¦¦"¦'.' ii *.u * 1 xt. • j Y j churches, show windows or your
Dainty >- Spring _;_**,. .... ¦"[¦•> & ., -> ,•¦>•: . •. : . .....'. .and .- dpllar-and-a-half, and two-dollar stuff s,many extreme styles that only the indulgent and extray- homes. .
::P«-P<r^:-, 1 P W^e^e^oWside^h™^-'' time could,enjo X ; One ckn but glanced the new soft.clinging dresses and- see how . 2Sg&SSJ!gi&3g&,
yards long;., flntahed' with 4-lnch rufHe.* yards .lon ff 40 Inches wide. In pretty Cence' that mUSt liaVe Tdgned in LOUIS XV S COUrt. What are they? LlSten: \ and beauUful lamp shades, 81.35 to
. One of the newest bed chamber curtains patterns, the most attractive of which , . . ....... , ° J ¦ »<*..UQ.
IWi^^^-lLJKiSh 1 ?!^ hi Black, StuffS: hi Colored Stuffs: Perhips of them all.the French Veil- % g
>. SteV-«^v£;??a'cf 1^. f \SJ?;- *XXO™VMh%^l^^lC*^ Voiles.: $2 .75 yard. : -Lou'ls XV 8 crepes. 6 shades. $1 50 yard. ingS ( 4 2 inches) will be most SOUght X Topestry
mfn* l 1 nS £ r . t l l 2?' ™ -C ''^ ¦'*' ' ' • tains, 3 yards ; long,, finished with a *%- —Striped Etamlnes, $1 25 yard. - ,— Frentfh , velllnes, 11 shades, $1*. . ' olr for; then, tOO, its One of the newest T-v • j f ** % •
fl— * >- PAIR— Fish Net Curtains, white Inch- ruffled edge; a. very dainty curtain —Serpentine effects,. $1 50 yard. • —Corded striped Etamlnes. 7 shades, SI 25. thincs we have soft and clin£r?nir tnrW« r*ttlf\X\r *^llT\C
or «cni.. set oft with a 4-inch, lace ed K - ¦ for bed chamber, dlnlnp-room or llbranT. —French Mistral, $1, $1 r,0.,?2 25. — Silk, warp Fayette, 4 shades, $1 25. tmnp we na\e. SOIt ana Clinging, tucks E^HlKJW *-?lipi>
• Inr. 8 yardr-lons. 40 inches wide. Ser- - Others at $1.75 S2.OO 82 23 and —Silk warp Fayette $1 25. > I —Fairy. French Mistral. 10 shades, ?1. nicely. ¦ -
rwms le " eat curtalns for b " d or dlnln * 9»-OO are finished with lace Edging and . .. . ;. .-' - :¦ ' ' %-':, 49 Cents.
: -^;,::; t? : Ma 'r: : :P |i|MiiliilM|^^BHI^ Offers. sg5ssss&s!
' ' r \Z\j 1 m 't<Cm- r*L Cl £\i* CZ' I ' r» 4.-' r I l * v> ' - - : • * - ners w1th heav y tassels to match. All
.-; .T:V:T;1^L *l3Cl.^^ In- particular. . .., i t ' s 'ribbons that give tone and color and artistic finish to the Easter hat or' the Easter ready to mi. Monday for the first time.
•¦'¦•.'"• ' - • "-;•• •' '"'i-i.' -" ' ,- - ; - ; '¦-',. costume. This ; beauty is increased many times- this season by the original twist or novel draping If you want a pillow to put in them
— Purses/ -¦''¦ "^ Miny other interesting Easter things in one,maygiye the ribbon. As a help in this direction ; " here are^^ Kood
'¦ : < - ¦ leather goods. . " , We Are Introducing Some Original Easter Styles, a^SSS: li^sl
Pocket ¦ Books No woman's outfit is complete without one. of .Ghief : of which is this DU BARRY RUFF— prettiest of all ribbon creations. It's just shown in New Good"Slk n floss and lots ofitTn^ever 1 *
. -Chatelaines the new .., wrist bags or purses or chatelainesV York and causing quite a stir. You should see the one in the window. Then the DU BARRY BOW for pillow. ° ° ' in e%er -
,t- _,,.., There's more style expression in them { than the hair, which Mrs/ Leslie Carter is popularizing. The NEW SASH is another favorite, but most Laundry Bags 25c.
. ~T~iraYCIiDZ-- • ", :¦¦•'*. * '•- ' , -, .. . - , ¦ . • ., r ' '¦;,-.¦•, ,.-.,._» . . ,,. ninnni , „..- . . ! , • ¦ , , . . ¦ . - . 17xS0 inches, well made, ot good art
¦ R " one dreams of. It s the sensibleness and cqh- beautiful of all ideas is the RIBBON ROSE on apin for the hair, or on a stem or in a spray for the ticking.
¦¦'; ., P -.; .'.-¦".¦ venience'of.the wrist bags that commend t them; ' corsage. ; They are'so real women are even wearing them on the hat — they always look fresh, never Free Embroidery Classes
¦.v . { It's- always -there—hanging on your arm (left : arm)/ No ,!crush nor lose' th^ir shape or shade. • , - d^Staa^l^^^^^^^
lne^^o^^p^^|[u^^cei|or parasol to get at it— handy ' •• Those ".new POMPADOUR tWREATHS for the decorating of lace dresses, made from little sio^al^chers^who 6 wfll 6
as, a man's pants ; pocket. Several styles. '- " . bunches of ribbon roses, are quite attractive. Another new way of fixing ribbons is to -make them course in fancy work, devoting an
wrist; bags. 23o— Children's or misses' wrist bar suede nrcttv ooinr« ' ' V 'i i*r ' ¦¦u" i_ ' r ' • i i i ¦ • • j-rc / t: j ¦' Ti. • Vr 1 • i_'i ' • . . hour and a naif to the lesson and
soe-imitation walrus skin, brown? tai^ irwu"^iSrt\r w« iSat'ed'-'frami'-'aiifl ~ look hke : a.bunch of viokts, also wor v n in different shades. It is a fashionable corsage tnmming. giving you their personal attention
¦; . ::¦.: ¦ ;¦•-. Then come, many' new style bows WHICH WE ARE TYING FOR YOU FREE OF CHARGE i New classes now being formed. ]
?Jfn^ 1^ 1 *^ :- -But the five: special offers: ¦'. . : ¦¦ \ g ig
f^.OO — :SeaI, with chain and leather strapped handle,' outside Docket •' chamois lining 1 • -...,••• . • - ! w~^ a ¦ /<"» ' ' • • '¦ -
, -new oblong: shape., • . • • • , ¦ ¦ .. , epocKer. cnamois- lining^ 1G rArf i Pure silk ancf satin taffeta OK r vf 1 Liberty satin double-faced OQ^ xrf * LoUisine ribbons, fine, firm HaStCr Ljc\TlC\ie<
Chatelaine Bags SJ.5O— Genuine allieator l«thfr rnv^d frW c* ; * i, V IC '- C y«» ribbons, gop<T quality, with 43C.ya. ribbon .^ Inches, in light ya. heavy _ nat a cheap kind- l-ra3iCIVaiIUlC^.
fSSHHi!e'^md»KS^nSS^^^^^%?I' Xr covered^ frame, stitched -a : beautiful, luster, 3% . Inches wide. blue, pink, maize, cardinal, white; it's the has a «poke stitch border and a quarter^ ' '
.leather handles, handkerchief pocket, held on the waist with safety clasp.. cream,: .white, light blue, pink, old rose, highest quality of rich, weighty; ribbon, inch satin stripe edge; shades are clea- CTTOfOTATF EA«stt?T? -pan* -T
Chat€lalne-Bag^l..*O_Walrus skin, leather covered frames, outside Docket' - maize, ,.nile,. lilac,; black;, 3000 yds.; 25c soft and beautiful: 3Sc is low as a like and brilliant, 61nches wide; all best EACH— Made of- pure J creara^and best
chamois lining • • . V, ., ' . . • ¦ ¦ ¦ • -" quality now 18c. . . . quality sold for. heretofore; now 25c. . shades. 29c. ' - 555iny chocolate. Even have yellow
14-lnch^lligator Traveling Bags $4.50. U-: :.-:¦¦¦ & nr > M en : - : - : ' - ' : ' %£. B^BM W$t«i$S
,t' wm"a*nfS;^s^ ¦ :- :.aU*:»B, WHITE SHmTS.IXNDEEWEAR. , ; . 19C.yd. r ,."^'^'^X ' MISS, 23c ' COc - "« »
brass. trimmings, good lock and key,; the most commonvsize.' : V ; ' - -„¦,•.;•--••¦---'-.- ~ — ~ — ~~~; ~ ~ " « ftyles; not one of them stiff effects; Juat Eastar Booklets
¦!¦ '.; . '¦ : . :./.. . -7——-—^ ' •¦¦'•••' ' ' 1 ... - Weliketosavethemenmoneyvyhen-wecan:- v ." e n f 0^ r ln n c l c ea Zlal' hat trlmntin e-- 1 I Andjancy Easter cards from 3 c to 5O c
' : ' ¦ -' ' ' '' ¦¦¦'¦/m/ : '- '•¦¦"¦' t: Hmr-' : ¦' O ' ' : ; ' \\\ Ha^ f gose 8c Pa^ r — Blacks and tans, fine gauge, spliced .heels and toes,. y e y four inches wide. '6— 22£l { ,
f£t& J££? J53&/ /Ml at, \1a r [/pt <Jr every size; 8c pair or 90c a dozen. . - ., M__f._ fr t4 . ? /sST /xtyT *7lf7
i<^)^(^^ ' '»a«l^[ 31., White. Unlaundered Shirts 43c— Made' from New York mills' muslin, with Market 5>t., * /£/ (3)
M& w. ' Wpp. OOlden Underwear . 5Oc— Camel's hair garments, superior weight for Spring and Opp. Golden fffl/ /jM[ — •
*^^'"^to* **&&& GOOlK&*y^ . bate AVC summer wear. One of the best values in cur underwear section. Gate Ave. . /W/ _^*^€&rts*rs sisi^rx**