Continued on ; Page Three. '
Continued on Page '. Two.
on . Page ¦', Three. ';. |
San Franciscan Selected.
NEW- YORK, April IS.— Rev. r>r. Rand,
secretary of the American Tract Society,
has resigned. Rev. John H. Kerr, pastor
of : , Trinity Presbyterian Church of San
Francisco, has been elected secretary of
the publishing department of the society.
WASHINGTON,, April 18.— When ' the t House
met to-day ; at - ( 11 . o'clock there ; was , a. ; prospect
of * a '; memorable session^- ahead.";'. The 'general
debate' upon" the Cuban "reciprocity bill- was tu ,
Democrats \ Try to . Drive in a . Free
, -,- ; /¦¦ y ¦•''*¦•-. ' /-Trade .Wedge.:,. >.'•¦'.¦. '."¦ ; ;'.
DEBATE ON ;." RECIPROCITY.
. • CHEYENNE, >Wy°-. ': April ;18.-willlam
Harris and William ' Dlarribng, negroes;
stole ¦ some express ; matter from , Sherrnari
station ! to-day. They i were overtaken ' at
Bufordarid a battle ensued In which. one
of the negroes -rt^a's 'wounded.' When" cailed
upori-.to surrender the thieves pulled' guris
and ; stood : .the ; officers ' off until I reirif orce
ments^ arrived.":. As; soon as Harris was
shot his 'companion surrendered." * They
were taken , to Laramiei Harris will p'rob-'
ably/not recover. '. ¦ '¦' ¦ .' V','.''
Negroes ' Defy /the ! Pursuers/
Detective Sergeant Dlsan . next /told
what hefcnew.of the shooting. '.'I^was on
duty on the .morning of the shooting, of
Robinson," said he, "and went to the hos
pital to '. see him., . I found him very low
and telephoned to Assistant District At
torney Greeley, to como and take hji> dying
statement.' Greeley.;wa3 unable, to '. get >"u
statement ' owing" to Robinson's condltloii.
I aeked Robinson- who 'shot him and : .he
the other men. Officer Fogarty accom
panied me. ..When I subsequently ; told
Robinson at the hospital, that I had .pot
cr.e of the men he said, 'That's good.' "
They then opened 'fire' on me and I shot
back. I followed and capturedV Hender
son, who was wounded. After sending
him to' the hospital a went In search' of
and that he was chasing the smaller; men
When : I got closer I found the men . wer
together. I yelled, ' 'Halt j' I' am' an'offlcer.
IgfE, the jury, find, that iha
wo said Eugene E. Robinson,
age 36; nativity. Cc/ifornia; .
occupation,-pa»/ice-officer;resi
dence,'Russ Hofrse;/n the '¦- city
and count/of San . Francisco;
came to his death' at the Rail-,
road Hospital in • the : said I city,
and county, on the 21st day of
January, 1902, from shock and
internal hemorrhage from gun
shot wounds of the abdomen, at
the hands of ', William' Hender- .
son, Frank ' Woods,- alias St.
Louis , Frank; James Courtney,
Alien Goucher, Louis Kaufman
and one "Yellow," and we, the
jury, ; charge the above named,
parties ¦ nith the crime ' . of
murder. F.. A. O'BRSEM,
JOHN COATES, [ > ¦
JAMES POWERS,
F. S. CLARK,
S. N1ERMKN,
D. F.SHAW,
H. A. MALOON.'
MURDER THE CHARGE
OF COR OXER'S JURY
It is now known "from 'the statement
made .by . Kaufman ; , and .also ' that - of
Part of .Kaufman's statement disclosed
the identity, of . the woman who ' was the
companion of "Kid" Goucrier iri the Turk
street house, and, it was learned for the
flrsftime that she was a resident of one
of , the towns across the bay. ' For three
days Captain '. Seymour has been search-.
Ing for; her, and yesterday succeeded in
finding . her. He ¦ thought that ;. from - her
he^ might, be able to ascertain the present
whereabouts of Goucher, and : from his
confident . manner last night it is . believed
that he gained this Information. It is
fully' expected that the arrest ¦ of Goucher
will be made within a few days, : and pos
sibly; that t of /'Brownie" 'also, who' is sup
posed to be traveling i,with Goucher. ,'
. Captain Seymour ' admitted last night
that; Kaufman had made such/ a state
ment, but. persisted in not making' public
the details pt it at this time.
The evidence gathered by the police
originally was" fairly strong, but it \was
rendered/posltive by; the statement made
by ' Kaufman three days after his return
from Fort Williams, Ontario. -
"As a matter, of 'fact the police are not
! especially anxious for Woods' . confession.
I A truthful statement from him of the cir
! cumstances surrounding the murder
; would undoubtedly curtail > the time that
will be", occupied by the trial of the four
men now .'in - the tanks charged \ with the
crime by rendering unnecessary a large
lot of ; circumstantial evidence that can
be 'presented j for . the prosecution, but a
confession from Woods is not vital to the
case. ; The , police have a : conclusive case
against, all .four of the nfen now in /cus
tody, and" against , "Kid" .; Goucher and
"Brownie," two "others of the gang who
succeeded in making their escape and are
now at* large. ; . •
, '£}'* 'KAUFMAIN, AIDS POLICE. .
¦s - . -
BROKEN*, by -two > mapths of sol
itary confinement; in. the City
Prison, and .apprised * in some
manner that 'his partner in
crime, Kaufirian, . had - con
fessed the entire story of the
murder of Policeman Robinson, Frank
Woods, alias "St. Louis. Frank," Is ready
to tell all he knows. lie sent for Detect
1 ve . Jerry Dinan Thursday j night and
i agreed: to divulge every ' particular con
• nected with the crime if '• Chief Wittman
I would agree to use his influence in pre
!venting a;death senterice being passed on
-him. Chief Wittman absolutely refused
to . hold out any hope for . clemency,
! whether ! -or7 not .Woods made a clean
breast of the crime. .
THE CORONER AND TWO OF THE WITNESSES AT THE ROBINSON
INQUEST, AND ONE OF. THE MURDERERS,' WHO HAS OFFERED
TO CONFESS IF HIS LIFE IS SPARED. 1
"It charces some members of this House
with attempting to traffic, with" the legislation
before 'this: body,"- he said. "It. charges them
with a willingness to shelve legislation 'which
member's here consider very important in order
.' Hepburn; of Iowa' aroused considerable ex
citement by bringing forward . theV revelation
made, In the Democratic caucus. last night con
cerning the alleged : overtures J from, the Repub
lican side; to 'abandon the Crumpacker resolu
tion If the • Democrats from the States threat
ened would vote aeaihst .'overruling the chair.
After . reading the account | of ¦ the caucus in a
morning ' paper he prfceeeded with great em
phasis to • declare that the charge .was of ] a
very serious character. .
•,'Pordney of Michigan opposed the bill.' .He
declared that not a single Cuban ' appeared be
fore the 'Ways and Means Committee In favor
of the bill. "1 Every, one of the witnesses for It,
he : said, , was - either, an ; American citizen ' own
ing sugar land in Cuba or Indirectly 'or dlrect
ly'representlng'the Interest of ¦ the sugar trust.
"Absoiutely : nothlnsr," r replied Richardson.
, ' Richardson called attention . to the action of
two country - districts of 'Babcock, indorsing;
the- latter' s bill "to remove, the duties on steel,
and amid Democratic applause said the Demo
crats proposed to give Babcock, an opportunity
later on to vote for the bill; his constituents
had Indorsed. He' also outlined the Demo
cratic programme relative to - offering an
amendment to abolish the - differential duty on
refined sugar. If this amendment carried, he
said,' five or six million dollars would be taken
from' the sugar refiners and given to the Amer
ican " consumers of sugar. '
; Just before ' Richardson took his seat Brom
wellof Ohio asked him this- question:
¦ "Does . the gentleman from Tennessee know
anything of a - reported bargain between the
leaders on this side and the Democrats on that
by. which the Crumpacker resolution: is to be
smothered in 'order to aid the passase of the
pending, bill?"
. Richardson of .- Tennessee, ' .the Democratic
le'ader, was the first speaker. He mads a care
ful .' and dispassionate speech, ' explaining why
he had voted ' in . favor . of ; reporting ¦ the bill.
He | stated frankly that - he ' doubted .whether
the enactment of the bill would ¦ do . much to
bring about the reciprocal ¦ trade relations be
tv/cenCuba and the .United States which were
earnestly to be desired. .But . he had voted
for it in the hope that 'It might accomplish
something. . It would at least: reduce by 20
per ! cent : the outrageously high rates of the
Dingley 4 law : so • far . as Cuba . was concerned.
These high rates could not stand and. he said,'
Grosvenor's ' speech a few days ago was a
warning : of - the coming storm.. He. thought
the time for a revision of'th« tariff was. at
hand and the fact that the pending bill began
it in a modest way ' commended the ¦ measure
to htm. : V
THREE NOTED REPRESENTA
TIVES WHO. MADE CLOSING
SPEECHES ON CUBAN . BILL
A mendment Removes
Refined Sugar Dif
ferential.
close at 3 o'clock, and it was the Intention of
the ¦ leaders," if possible, to hold the House ses
sion until the final vote -was taken. The action
of^the Democratic ¦ caucus last ' night. "¦ which
decided, to T vote,.aolidly;for^the*removal of the
difterentlal_on ¦ refined, sugar, .gave .the . leaders
much ( concern, as they were unable to figure
out exactly what strength the proposition would
command . on . the Republican '. side. •: The dis
closures of .Underwood last night relative to
overtures . made to the Democrats on the basis
of an 'abandonment 'of : the Crumpacker resolu
tion added a new complication to the situation
and there: seemed a likelihood that It might
figure In the "debate to-day in a sensational
fashion. The - whole atmosphere of the House
was : In fact charged with electricity and pre
saged ¦ the comlnsr storm.' - - c -..
Officer Ingram, who was next called,
testified in part as follows:
"On January 2L a little after 1 o'clock,
I was awakened by a shot. I immediately 4
wont to the window of my home and I
looked out on the street. A milkman was j
passing and he told me that an officer had
been shot. I harried out on the street !
ar,d tried, to summon the ambulance, but
:lie telephone operator refused to give me j
Jh*» switch fceca-jse I did not have a nickel I
to drop in the box. 1 then Van to a patrol j
t'jx-cr. Sixteenth street and found that j
CJT.ccr Taylcr had a'ready rung for the j
v.;iccn. When I reii-rr.cS 1 a<=krd Robin- j
son who shot h'.rr. ami i:» said .four, fel-, j
Police- Officer Taylor \ra- the next ,wlt- '•
ness. In part he- testified as' follows: j
"On January 21 I was standing on Six- J
tecnth street, near Valencia, waitinj; for
another officer. It was 1:14 a. m.. for I
had jift looked at my watch. I heard a
ghot that seemed to come from Valencia i
street. 1 ran In the direction of the sound J
and heard eleven cr twelve more shots, j
I saw three men across the street. They •
were running. : j
CAPTTTBE OF HENDERSON. j
**1 thought the tall one was a pc.'lceman
DELAY IN QETTIirO'HELP.
Dr. S. J. Gardner testified he was at
the Railroad Hospital when Robinson was
taken there and told of a short conversa
tion he had with the dying man. Robin
son told him that there were four men
implicated in the shooting, and said they
had shot him down like a dog. "He s sald
be was chasing them," continued the wit
ness, "but was unable to tell much about
the affair. We tried to get a dying state
ment from him, but without success." ¦ •
ROBINSON WAS CONSCIOUS.
George Eastman, a plumber, • testified
that the first shot awakened Jiim from
Bleep, and then he ¦ heard several more
shots. "I went to the front of my house,"
he said, "and I saw a man lying In the
street. My attention was called . to Offi
cer Ingram, who was calling from his
window. I thought it was a drunken
brawl. Officer Robinson was not in uni
form and was lying In the gutter.; When
I reached him he was groaning. I opened
my place of business opposite and Rob
inson was carried in. Robinson seemingly
recognized me, as he answered my ques
tions. I did not, ask him who shot him."
Vincent M. Vogden, a cook, testified in
part as follows: "I was closing my res
taurant 7 at C17 Valencia ' street when I
beard a shot fired. I did not pay any at
tention to It, as I thought a drunken row
was in progress. . When I heard six more
shots I stepped to the door and saw three
men run away., .They passed me on the
run. One of ..them had a pistol . In his
hand. I then went over to where a man
was lying in the gutterway. I recognized
him as Officer Robinson."
The first witnesss called was Dr. J. F.
Sullivan, who testified that he was called
to attend Robinson when he was taken
Into Eastman's plumbing shop on Valen
cia street immediately after the shooting.
He said that he found Robinson in a dy
ing condition and administered stimulants.
Robinson was soon afterward taken to
the Railroad Hospital, where he died four
hours later.
p—-y—& HE Coroner'."? jury in the case
' M of Policeman Eugene E. Rob-
M. irusnn.. -»-ho— was shot- «nd
H killed by six thugs on Valen
-^*- cia street, near Sixteenth, on
the morning of January. 21
last, returned a verdict yesterday charg
ing William Henderson; Frank Woods,
alias "St. Louis Frank"; James Courtney,
Allen Goucher, Louis Kaufmann and one
"Yellow" with the crime of murder.
ident,'; as soon as may be after I the estab-
Hshriierit pf; an .independent ; Government
in Cuba arid the enactment : by that Gov
erriierit ; of i immigration, .^"exclusion • and
contract labor; laws 'as restrictive r as those
of ; ; the' United ) States, /to negotiate; a_re :
ciprocal " trade ': agreement (with Cuba, by
which/,* In ¦¦' for " equivalent corices-'
isions, :; th'e JUrilteid • States , will 1 grant a/re
ductlon'of '20 per cent: from the* Dlrigiey
rates on:; goods coming -into .the United
States from Cuba; such agreement^o con
tinue; until 1;,' 1903.'.;.; During the
existence : of ; such agreement the if duty ;« on
refined sugars arid all sugars above No. 16
Dutch' standard -is to be; 1.825 'cents -per
pound. . •' . T ? ¦ . . .¦'¦.•':"
- One of the surprises of the session was
the ' attempt ; ot Roberts,' a ¦ Massachusetts
Republican,' 'to take , the ) duty ¦ , off . hides.
He offered ' two amendments 'and appealed
one 1 from the decision of the j chair, • but
was \ voted, down > each. time. " f
f/I The. bill 'as passed; authorizes the Pres-
The . Democrats attempted . to follow ¦. up
their • advantage when ' the ¦ differential
amendment : was adopted by ; offering, the
Babcock-bill "and .other /amendments . to
reduce the Dingley schedules, but on these
amendments the; Republicans declined to
stand with them and the Democrats I did
not press them vigorously.
..An analysis of the vote shows that 124
Republicans and 123 , Democrats voted for
the* amended bill and/42 Republicans and
10; Democrats against It. The voting on
the* bill was the culmination of a long
struggle, which began almost with the
opening, of : this session of • Congress, ¦ arid
after- two ; weeks of : continuous debate^,
during •/: which . .much ...bitterness was
aroused. ¦¦: To-day's ' debate was of an ex
ceedingly- lively; character, the", features
being echoes of last . night's - Democratic
caucus. , To this caucus' the ; defeat of the
Republican leaders who- sought ¦' to; pass
the bill, without amendment'is attributa- ;
ble. ¦ Previous to the holding, of "the cau
cus the Democrats were very much divid-;
ed, ; and the . opposition (of ' the Republican
beet sugar; men showed signs of'disinte
grating. [• To-day, "when It became . appar
ent that the Democrats would act - to
gether • the -. beet < sugar nlen decided at a
naeeting attended by_ thirty-two , of ; them
to • take ¦, the bit In ' their;. teetJh ; and over
ride : the chair. As soon as this i combina
tion was effected the Republican leaders
realized, that they, would be defeated so
far us the removal of the differential was
concerned, and - Payne, ¦. " the ' . Republican
leader,"- contented himself •¦ with '¦- warning
his beet sugar colleagues ; that ; in ¦ remoy^
ing the differential-^ they were .taking off
a" bit of protection placed ; in. the ' Dingley.
bill especially for the benefit 'of the beet
sugar producers. , . ' > • •
•6f;the7feclprocity agreement provided for
in i the; bill. The vote to overrule.the;de- ;
cision : of - the chair,"; made by ! Sherman of
New .York,\ was 171 to 130, ; Republicans ,to
the nuiriber of thirty-sevenjolnlng with a
solid ' Democratic vote'; to accomplish this
result.' won. this, preliminary ., vic
tory, the amendment was adopted in' com-,
mittee, 164, to 111, and later in v the Hous^e
by a still larger majority, , 199 to 105. "On
this", occasion sixty-four. Republicans,
voted with the Democrats for the amend
ment. - The bill then ' was passed by an
overwhelming majority,' 247, to 52.
-¦"- --¦'¦ - leaders to-day - -when j
the voting. began. on the Cuban reciprocity !
bill. \They \ overthrew. , the . ruling of 'the
chair in committee of , the whole on ; thc
question v of-' the gerriianeness' of.' an
.amendment^ to -Yembve —„ the ¦ • differential
-:from.*"reflricd*sugar'''durihg**the";exlstehco
¦yrw- -y ASHINGTON. April 13.
IS JB j —The* Democrats and
B /¦/ thj Republican ln
¦ V Ef'-, -surgents rode rough-j
r r -shod over the House
Republican Protesters
Join Democrats
in House.
- BERLIN, f April 18.—TheSocialist;execu
tive has /sent; 10,000 ; marks]; to
assist the Belgian' Socialist riioveinent arid
has . a call to 'the j Germany So
cialists asking \ them" itb '... make individual
contributions' for the same purpose.' •;
It was rumored, here late to-night > that
King : Leopold had 'decided] to -take (the
initiative' arid dissolve 'Parliament. ¦
"The defeat in the Chamber is a tri
umph for the country. What the-Gov
ernment . has . arbitrarily refused to-day
will be realized by the Belgian people.to
morrow. • This is a memorable day in the
history of Socialism. Never has such an
Impressive spectacle been . offered to the
world. Three ... hundred thousand men
have gone on strike, riot for an increase
of wages . or , personal benefit but for " the
sake of their .'political convictions! ' The
Catholic party ; ignores the ; popular ., will,'
and if the King be wise he will show that
he . Is ; King ; of the Belgian people. • The
days for street riots are over. ' We Trely
on •;.¦ moral force . and therein lies i our
strength." ;.,-.,;. : :-'V /' •;'¦'"
In an interview after the Socialist meet
ing M. Van Dervelde said:
TRIUMPH FOR COUNTRY.
' The people of this city, are generally im
patient with agitation; which greatly im
pedes trade and , business. .'.
The meeting passed a resolution to con
tinue the strike and dispersed without dis
order.
"If," he continued, L "his Majesty does
this we, while preserving our 'ideal, will
for the present lay aside all Idea of realiz
ing it. /The Belgian people should kneel at
the throne and say, .'We are, hungry, but
.we want Justice.'"
This speech is regarded as showing that
the . Socialists accept defeat. . . • -^
Great excitement followed the vote In
the chamber. The Socialists held a meet-
Ing in the Malson du Peuple, at which M.
Van Dervelde, the leader of the Socialist
movement In Belgium, urged his hearers
to be calm and said he hoped King Leo
pold would still ' Intervene. ' His speech
took a conciliatory j form. . : He j indicated
the dangers attending, the insurrection of
an almost weaponless people against or
ganized forces of police arid military, and
said- a struggle" by methods of violence
was quite hopeless. The people could only;
adopt pacific means. The speaker said
he trusted the King would 'arbitrate! in
the difficulty.
SPEECH OF THE LEADER.
REVISION IS REJECTED.
The Chamber of Representatives to-day
by 84 to 64 votes rejected : the' proposal to
revise the Belgian constitution so; as to
provide fdr universal suffrage.' / •: : " ¦'"¦•
j The debate In the chamberjrollowed \ yes
terday's. lines. . M. Smer^? j^'sJ^vl t j^c?
cused . the- Government? of 1 ;being;ttnTilQ«B
to let loose 60,000 : soldiers against ¦ their
brethren. But: they would be unable : to
exterminate Socialism, he added, arid
enough' Socialists would remain to con
tinue the j struggle. As the Government
was not willing. to counsel «he King to do
his duty nothing" was left but for the
Socialists to address his Majesty 'directly
and plead for his -intervention. 'If he but
said the word peace would be re-estab
lished.
After other speeches the vote was taken.
A similar riot occurredin another part
of Louvain, and altogether five persons
were killed and twelve wounded. Some of
the mob carried the dead and wounded to
the Malson des Protetaires..,
. Another jj riot is reported ¦; to have oc
curred in Bruges, Flanders. Here the po
lice charged the Socialists with drawn
swords' and ten of the latter were
wounded.
The rioting at Louvain. began at about
7:30 o'clock to-night. A band of Socialists
paraded the streets of the town; smash
ing windows with . bottles and rivets:
They broke through the police cordons
in the Rue Tirelmont. . The civic guards
stationed in the Place" Saint Antoine^ ulti
mately became hard pressed by the rioters
and fired a volley. The guard fired a.
second volley In front of the j Catholic
Club. It is rumored that twelve police
men were wounded. "'In. some .quarters
the number of wounded policemen is
placed at twenty, and several are said to
have been mortally ' Injured. All '-.the
streets of Louvain are i barred . and '¦ the
maintenance of peace has_, been assumed
by the military. .'/.'.: . .. r
BRUSSELS, April 18.7-^A serious riot' has
occurred at Louvain,"* near Brussels. The
Socialists held a demonstration In ; f ron t
of the residence of M. •J3chollaert, Presi
dent of the Chamber of Deputies.. The po
lice in attempting to disperse ; them we're
received with a shower.; of stones. The
civic guard then flredori!the mob.
¦ Lieutenant Cook of the scouts Is to be
tried by court martial on charges similar
to those brought against Major Waller
and Lieutenant Day.
The Senate Committee " on the Philip
pines did not hear testimony to-day be
cause of the failure of a witness to arrive.
This expected witness is Grover Flint of
Cambridge, Mass., who spent some time
in the Philippinea and who is reported to'
have stated that he had seen the "water
cure" administered. , He will be heard
Monday. On motion of " Senator Bever
idge the committee, by a party vote of
five to four, adjourned until Monday, al
though ; Senator Carmack stated that he
requested Edward Atkinson to come to
Washington for the purpose of testifying
to-morrow. •
MANILA, April 18.— lieutenant John H.
A. D*a'y of the Marine Corps testified to
day at his trial by court martial, on the
charge : of executing natives ' of Samar
without trial, that .the Presldente of Ba
sey, Samar, and his fellow plotters were
shot, as he believed, by the orders of Ma
jor. Glenn." The trial was adjourned until
April 22.'
ATKINSON IS SUMMONED.
The reports state, however, that Maca
bebe scouts treat their own people as
harshly as they do the Tagalogs. In re
gard to the application of ' the "water-'
cure" treatment to women, and other
outrages committed upon them*, the de
partment states that every case was im
mediately investigated and the perpetra
tors were punished. The department is
considerably concerned over the publica
tion of reports of atrocities and Is minim
izing their, importance, j Members of the
Senate committee say," however, that the
charges are extremely, serious and that
the Democrats are making as much cap
ital as possible out of them, for use in the
fall elections.
In anticipation of a call from the Senate
Committee on Philippines,' the .War De
partment prepared to-day copies of re
ports detailing outrages committed by
Macabebe scouts. These reports, will, it is
said at the department, show that swift
punishment has ' followed all . cruelties
committed by the natives. This will
show, furthermore, that there has beta
enmity for many years between the Mao
ababes and Tagalogs, arising out of an
attack by the latter upon the former.
DETAILING O"
These* advisers have undertaken to
prove to the President that the immediate
retirement of Root would be a boon to
the party, especially if General Miles la
compelled to retire.
ADMIRATION" FOB ROOT.
management of the War Department
methods which made him a successful
corporation lawyer. He is secretive and
distant. It is more difficult to get into
his office than into the President's private
office. He makes no distinction between
leaders of Congress and his fellow Gov
ernment ofllcials in this respect.
The Secretary has introduced into his
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April IS.— Secretary
of War Root may withdraw from the
Cabinet as a result of recent develop
ments in connection with our military
operations in the Philippines.
Root is in a most unfortunate position.
His suppression of the Gardener report,
his alleged failure to take proper cogniz
ance of the "water cure" and other atroo
itles alleged to have been committed by
efflcers an enlisted men of the army,
¦•his precipitation of the disastrous conflict
with General Miles and hl3 failure to act
in harmony with Republican Senators—
these and other causes make it desirable
for him to retire.
Republicans Anxious
to Have Him
Retire.
Rejection of Revision
Followed fry Fresh
Outbreaks.
~~ —^T^' ' :¦.;.¦•••¦' ¦
Five Persons Killed
and Twelve Are
Wounded.
Scandal Over Miles
and Philippines
the Cause.
Serious Riot Occurs
at Louvain, Near
\^: : i Brussels.
Secretary of War May
Withdraw From
Cabinet
GUARDS
FIRE ON
THE M0B
ROOT'S
JOB NOT
SECURE
RIDE ROUGH SHOD
OVE R LEADERS AND
PASS CUBAN BILL
"ST. LOUIS FRANK" HOPES
TO ESCAPE THE HALL OWS BY
TURNING STATE'S EVIDENCE
Promises to Tell Story of
Murder of Officer Rob
inson==The Inquest.
VOLUME XCI-SO. 140.
S AN yJFB ANCISCOi: SATITOPitYy JAFRII. 19, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The President has high admiration tot
Root. He constituted him his chief ad
viser and friend within a few minutes
after he took the oath of office In Buffalo
last fall. Ever since the Secretary of
War has been closer to the President
than any other member of .the Cabinet.
The President would regard it as a mis
fortune to lose hi3 services, but Repub
lican politicians believe It would be to the
advantage of the party If he got out vol
untarily. In their analysis, the conditions'
in :the-PJilllp.plnes. whether, they are good
or bad, rest on Root. He Is responsible
for them. Senators who are not friendly
to the Secretary of "War say he blundered
grievously In inviting a conflict with Gen
eral Miles over a matter In which the
general obviously was right. They main
tain "also that without more or less en
couragement from "Washington the crimes
which are now charged to our soldiers
would not have continued through a pe
riod of years. The President is being
constantly urged to act without fear or
favor, as a means of proving to the pub
lic that - Republicans will not stand for
conduct such as is charged against high
army officers in the Philippines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CLEVER AMATEUR ; THESPI
ANS WHO WILJL. APPEAR IN
"THE MERRY TRAMPS." :
}.•-.¦• •'.•¦-•.•.* ¦>;."¦- •¦••r .•¦¦'¦*#¦-" -¦¦>?;
is Mies Rita dl Rovey, who is a-favorUiT
among the, German people. She la not
only a clever actress; but a beautiful
woman with a charming- voice. - She will
be ably assisted by Miss Auguste Hem
pie, Miss Ellse Delterbeck, Alb. Fischer,
John Delterbeck. Hans Dames, Carl Was
sei man, Alex Hans, Henry Schmidt and
Hugo Breitter, who is also acting stage
manager. Dancing will follow the play.
The floor will be in charge of.F. A; Ro»a
and committee. . .
HUGO ' . BREITTER, tha Trell
known German actor and come
dian, has arranged to produce
the well-known German play,
"Robert and Bertram oder Die
Lustigen Vagabo'nden," which, trans
lated, is "Robert and Bertram, or the
Merry Tramps." The play, which is to
be given in the German tongue, will be
held Sunday night at Turn Hall, 323 Turk
street, and will be followed by dancing.
The play is in three acts, and tells of
£he adventures of two tramps, who' find
they" are arrested for stealing. They are
lodged in the town jail, but succeed in
making their -escape after locking the
jailer and his nephew, up. - They wander
away r but soon fall in with- the cele->
brants at a farmer's wedding and proceed
to relieve the guests of their valuables.
Finding they are closely ¦ pursued by the
police, they disguise themselves as women
and make a second escape and . so on
through many adventures until they are
finally captured and brought to justice.
Among the able amateurs who are to
take part In the evening's entertainment
BIDE ROUGH SHOD OVER LEADERS HID PASS TIE CUBAN TARIFF BILL.
Continued From. Page One.
>'KNOXVILLEj ?C TennH'i April 18.— The
Tennessee Federation | of -.Woman's Clubs,
in . session ¦ here ' to-day,*: defeated; a.i resolu
tion to-instruct its delegates to; the Los
Angeles : convention j to , vote 'against the
admission > of ; negro women's r clubs - to "the
General Federation.*: - * ' ' ;' •'"••;.
Tennessee 'i Women" Favor Negroes.'
'Representative Champ Clark of Missouri
stated that he might -determine ito make
a minority. report. .He referred to'Hay's
oration as a. t literary gem . In which no
elnple sentence : could- be found' violating
any .-. political - propriety. . -And^yet' as. a
¦whole, Clark 'said, there was a'Uhread of
politics • running through it, and for : that
reason -he* might want to < 'dissent.-" '•"-'¦'
;\ WASHINGTON, April j 18.— The; joint
special committee of Congressmen on the
exercises \f or 'the late" President McKini
ley *. to-day > adopted ; a : resolution, which
Will be reported • to the ' House, by. Repre
sentative' Grosvenor,'/ giving the thanks
pf Congress to Secretary- Hay. for the ora
tion 1 delivered on. the occasion of the serv
ices.':.'/. ¦;• ;'.";-* ; : i . : : - ..- -:.- ! ' :- ¦•:- ; *;¦< *::¦'¦ •:.¦•; vV
Missouri? Congressman Comments on
Hay's Speech" at McKinley V
Memorial Exercises. * -/
CHAMP CLARK SUSPECTS
':;¦> ORATION WAS POLITICAL
,Qovernor ; Dole said for the .present the
island Industries could not be carried on
Entirely -by white labor, the Chinese-rand
Japanese . being so numerously employed
in the rice, and other industries that an
immediate i change to white labor would
not be practical. . The experience in aiains
Porto Rican labor had been disappointing.
v The Governor said there were some
fhings in the organic law which the Ha
walians . Would have been \ glad to have
different. He, said; he had no purpose to
criticize, but . answering direct , ajiestlons
said the franchise* might have been prop
erlv limited further than to Asiatics. ¦
There also was the land question,.con
cerning which : he said there was : vague
ness regarding ¦; the provision- allowing
corporations | to hold i 1000 acres.; Whether
this land was to be held In fee simple or
simply by. lease: or otherwise was not
seemingly understood; by the Hawaiian
people. . He explained also the confusion
, that might arise in the reduction of Sen
ators. -, .'" -;.-•', \--. : . v -¦¦'.•".¦- ¦".---.." .. .
' WASHINGTON, April * . 18.— Governor
Dole of Hawaii was before the . House
Committee on .Territories to-day and gave
an extended review- of conditions on. the
islands. .- • "' . - \ ; . ;.-T/
/Territorial Governor Ap
pears Before House
V Committee, v
Tawney argued that if the beet sugar in
dustry were properly protected Jn a few years
it would supply the entire domestic consume
Tawney at the outsot defended the course of
those on the Republican side who had not stir
rendered their convictions that "thrift might
follow fawning." He pointed to illustrious in
stances in the past where Republicans had op
posed measures advocated by a. majority of
their colleagues^ — notably the case of ex
gpeaker Reed in the Congress when he voted
to Issue gold interest bearing bonds. He de
clared that those of his colleagues who be
lieved as he did had been denounced ae traitors,
their motives had been impugned and they had
even been insulted because tftey had dared to
assert and defend what they believed to be
the interest of their >party, their constituents
and their country.
The remaining time after Hepburn concluded
— two hours and twenty minutes — was divided
equally between Tawney (Minnesota), who
closed the debate against the bill, and Dalzell
of Pennsylvania, ' who concluded for the
masure. : " /-
Would Protect Beet Sugar.
Hepburn also satirized the two and a. half
hour speech of Long cf Kansas, which he de
scribed as a "great physical effort." which
befitted the Kansas statesman for a champion
ship in the prize ring under the Marquis of
Queensberry rules. He denounced the feature
of the bili to compel Cuba to accept our Im
migration laws when the greatest need of
Cuba to-day was labor. If the. Yankee was
¦what he -was sometimes said to be— cunning,
grasping, avaricious and adroit — then he would
say this section of the bill had been written by
a Yankee.
"Great God!" exclaimed Hepburn. "On what
a slender thread hang everlasting things."
(Great laughter and applause.)
It was only when the concession was reduced
5 per cent further that he was induced to sup
port it. In other words, said Hepburn, had it
not been for that last nickel of reduction, the
gentleman Irom Ohio, to quote his own lan
guage, would have to-day been with the in
surgents attempting to divide the Republican
party and destroy It.
With great earnestness Hepburn continued
to express his doubt whether such alleged
methods would be resorted to to pass a bill
which he was convinced 80 per cent of the
Republicans were indifferent .or opposed to.
He held up to ridicule some of the most ardent
friends of the measure. He quoted from the
speech of Groevenor of Ohio the statement that
Grosvenor declined to support a bill for a 50,
*0, SO or 25 per cent reduction. " -. ' .
to secure the ultimate triumph of this bill.
"I do not believe it. I think the gentleman
from Indiana (Underwood) must have been mis
taken or misinformed, but nevertheless I think
It his duty to this House to be more explicit
and to locate this offense where it properly
belongs."
As soon as- the decision was announced .Taw
ney , appealed from the decision of - the • chair.'
The : vote was taken by tellers. : Speaker Hen
derson i was the : first . member - to • pass between
the tellers in support pf the chair's ruling.-. It
was ' an interesting spectacle as the 'issue was
put to ' the • test. | Th6 . whole Democratic j side
rose en inaase and watched. the Republicans to
see how:many would decline to vote with their
colleagues. I Not a Democrat voted j to sustain
the ¦ chair. The ¦ Louisiana delegation - wa s : the
first lo go through: in opposition to the chair's
ruling. .Then, trooping down a side aisle, cam*
the Republican' recalcitrants, . thirty-seven
strong. - The Democrats cheered . as I they went
•through. 1 .- When the > announcement was -made
that the chair had been overruled — 130 to 171—.
the Democrats and the Republican insurgents
cheered.- ¦¦¦ "..-¦•¦ •-¦¦ • . •/• ;,-..; ¦.,¦,•¦-,.»;-,
A dozen Republican members were on their
feet flourishing amendments and ¦ clamoring for
recognition before: the applause died away, but
the chair- recognized Payne, the . Republican
floor leader.". Arold profound, silence -he- ad
dressed his '• Republican colleagues. He said It '
was i useless to address the - other side. ¦ The !
Opposition en his own side, he said, claimed to I
¦be. friendly to the beet sugar- Industry. , Trff
amendment was on. a proposition to reduce the
duty on -. sugar from beet ¦ sugar : causes." ,i He
warned. those friends ot beet sugar that he pro
posed to show his friendship for beet sugar: by
voting against- the amendment. ¦' r ¦
¦ McClellan of. New,- Yorkr offered. an amerid
raent to, the amendment ; to reduce, still- further
by. 20 per cent 'the whole sj^gar.achedule of. ths'
Cheer: Republican Insurgents.
De Armond of Missouri suggested that the
chair should gubrnit the point of order; to 'the
House. He observed ironically that he thought
the chairman had not I made j up ' his i mind.
Speaking to the ' merit* of the point of 6rder,
he argued that the real object of the rules was
to facilitate matters/not to restrict or hamper
a I free expression on questions brought before
the House. - . ; .-. • • ' ..
"Whether the chair rules this amendment is
in'order or not," he said,' i'we will at least find
out who are f or the . sugar trust and who are
agalnst.lt." . "-•_•¦' , • ¦¦ .- .
• "An ex-member of New York said on a mem
orable occasion," suggested Olmsted of Penn
sylvania, "what Is the constitution- between
friends." (Laughter. ) ¦ ¦ . . : ; . j , •
- "Oh, no," retorted De Armond, "the question
Is how powerful Is a poor little rule when the
issue -is between the sugar trust and the Amer
•ican people." (Applause.) ¦ • ¦
Morris, of Minnesota concluded 'the debate on
the subject of order : with a strong speech
against it. .While he" agreed with; Grow, that
the word "sugar" was . not in the bill,, sugar
was all over it. - i-'i •¦ .: •-.;¦
t In. a very elaborate ruling. Sherman of New
York, who was in the chair, sustained" the point
of order. Infloingsohe cited along^Hne of
precedents covering three-fourths of century of
parliamentary procedure in accord' with his de
cision. ., ' ;.-... •¦ ....'- - .. -
j tleman repeats, either in a .Democratic caucus
'• or elsewhere. . .
; The Republicans applauded this . statement
and both Underwood and Payne sat down."; I
"I have accomplished my purpose," said
Littleneld.' "I have succeeded In vindicating
the Republican I majority." ».-.-...-.-¦.
He then proceeded with, his argument that
the Morris amendment was in order, as it bore
directly upon the duties on sugar, which wera
to be disturbed *y the proposed reduction upon
Cuban sugars. - Other tariff amendments, how
ever, he argued, would not be in order. He
l quoted a decision of Speaker Blaine in sup
port of his contention." ' j
Grow of Pennsylvania, the venerable ex-
Speaker of the House, argued that the amend
ment was not germane because sugar was not
mentioned in the original bill. , ¦ .-
Richardson, the Democratic leader, contend
ed that the amendment' was' in order. . He
thought: Speaker. • Elaine's decision was con
clusive. As Richardson concluded the-Demo
crats cried "vote, vote," but several'Repub
licans, ¦ including Grosvenor, Olmsted '.and
Lacey, were on their feet, clamoring for
recognition. ..".¦• :
.-"-'Sherman of New York, who was in the chair,
recognized Grosvenor, who called attention to
the fact that Blaine, great as he was as a par
liamentarian, had been overruled ' repeatedly.
Especially with regard to his proposition that
one could lead a horse to water but not make
him drink — the question of counting a quorum.
.'Deeplte the . Impatience of the members,- as
evidenced by their demands for a'vote.'/Lacey
Of Iowa spoke briefly in support of the point of
order and urged his- fellow Republicans not to
play Into the hands of -the Democrats, 'who
had ' bound J themselves by I caucus I action . .last
night to try to open the ', whole question of tariff
reduction. . . ¦- ; ¦...'. ¦-,-.¦
Never Made the Charge.
"I desire to say Just one word." said he.>"I
havenever made any; such charge' as \ the gen-
Littlefield. in reply to Grosvenor, said he
thought Payne, the chairman. of the Ways and
Means Committee, . should make a statement,
and the Republican leader was "Just about to
do bo when Underwood again arose. *
Grosvenor of Ohio was on his feet in an in
stant, asking Uttlefleld to whom he referred,
when Underwood arose and was about to In
terrupt him. But the latter was appealed to
by some of his Democratic colleagues : and he
took his s?a.t. artataaaegBaw . ..
"An insinuation has been made here to-day,"
he said, '"which has not been repelled ¦ as it
ought to have' been. I refer to the report that
at the Democratic caucus last . night it waa
stated that approaches had come ., from this
side -of the House for the members to enter
into an unholy, ungodly and infamous alliance
to -sacrifice human rights In order to 'save the
face' of certain leaders or protect the profits
of an aggregation of capital." ' •"•. ¦
"Upon the making of. said agreement and the
itsuance of said proclamation ana while said
agreement shall remain 1n force, there shall be
levied, collected and paid, in lieu of the duties
thereon now provided by law on all sugars
above number 16 Dutch standard In color, and
or. all sugar which has gone through a pro
cess of refining, imported Into the United
States, one cent and 825-1000 • of one cent per
pound."
Payne, the Republican leader, at "once made
the- point of " order that ' the amendment was
not sermane. He argued there had been rul
ings inuumerable against such B extraneous
amendments. • . ¦ ¦ - * . . ¦ - . • ¦ - .
. Littleneld of Maine j followed Payne, taking
the view that the amendment was" germane.
He had net proceeded far In his argument be
fore hr-aroused intense interest* by -.reverting
to the report that at the Democratic caucuen
last night Underwood stated that overtures had
been made to him in regard to the Crumpacker
resolution. . i
Morris of Minnesota, one of the Republican
opponents of the bill, was recognized and amid
much excitement offered an amendment to re
move the differential from refined sugar. The
amendment was as follows: . . . • . . .
Amendment by Morris.
At 3 o'clock the time for general debate ex
pired,- and the bill; which consisted of only
one - section, was opened to amendment under
the five-minute rule.
"If I am to have sugar from a trust," said
he, "I want it from an American trust, not
an English trust." . • ¦ ,. ; . ¦
Just before he concluded,- Dalzell discussed
the Question of striking the differential from
refined sugar. That differential, he eaid, was
placed in the Dingley law for the' benefit of the
beet susar industry.'
While Dalzell was speaking several of the
Senators, including Elkins of West Virginia.
Spooner of Wisconsin and Fairbanks -of In
diana, came into the chamber. Ex-Senator HIs
cock of New. York alBo was on the floor. The
galleries had also filled to overflowing and al
most every member was in his seat, so that he
had a brilliant and attentive audience. Re
peatedly he stirred the friends- of the bill to
applause:
Dalzell insisted that !t was our duty, now
that Cuba was to.be set upon the high road of
the world, to see that . she started under fair
auspices. ~ • '
It Is not a revision of the existing: tariff
laws or Its schedules," said he. "It will not
harm a single American industry or deprive an
American workman of a single day's wages.
This bill contains a single proposition for re
ciprocal trade relations and is Justifiable on
plain business principles. But.lt is more than
that. It is a stop toward the redemption ¦ of
the pledge we made . not to Cuba, but to our
selves when- we volunteered to' intervene to
right the wrong* whieh she was suffering under
the Spanish regime. '• ¦ .
Dalzell, in closing the debate for the friends
cf the bill, declared it was not an attack upon
protection. . . * , j .
Dalzell Closes Debate.
In conclusion Tawney said this was the first
time Republican leaders had proposed to de
part from the protective theory. The Repub
lican party" was bound In honor to keep faith
with those whom it had Induced to enter the
beet sugar Industry. If .the United States
owed a debt to Cuba It should be paid out cf
the public treasury by the whole people and
not alone by the farmers who were growing
sugar beets.
tion. It was for thia reason, he declared, that
the sugar trust was seeking through - the
agency of this bill to cripple and destroy its
great rival of the future.
man accent. Miss Russell afterward told
me that as soon as she landed in London
her first move would be to buy a book
containing the song, as she never in
tended to be caught napping again."
Mr. Brown has had a varied experience
in his chosen profession. He has played
with Scanlon, Willard, Miller, Reed, Ada
Rehah and other stars and has reached
a high plane in the theatrical world. Dur
ing, his last visit to this city Mr. Brown
was a member of the star cast that sup
ported Henry MiHer. Many will remem
ber him as the dashing Irishman 6'Hara
\^Ll Heartsease" and Mr. Farquarson in
"The. Liars." He showed then that he
possessed versatility, and the manage
ment of the Central are congratulating
s^rTin^lcto?" haVlnff - S6CUred * UCh a
CLEVER" ACTOR WHO HAS
BEEN. ENGAGED BY THE
CENTRAL MANAGEMENT.
DOLE EXPLAINS
HAWAIIAN NEEDS
t! ¦ ¦ -^ ARL BROWN, the Central Thea-
ter's new leading man,' Will be
" hailed as a matinee. idol when he
opens his engagement at the lo
cal playhouse a week from next
Monday. He is, conceded to be, a hand
some man, and as a well known actress
said yesterday,** "He makes love b-e-a-u
tifully." Mr. Brown Is a fine dresser and
has personal magnetism. Further than
that, he is a Californian. •,
Mr. Belasco engaged him to play lead
ing roles at the Central the coming sea
son, and theatergoers will have an oppor
tunity - of passing . judgment on Mr.
I Brown's ability. to make love on the stage.
I :Mr. Brown is a "Lamb," and never tires,
of telling of lils, gambols with- his fellow
clubmen. The popular young actor was
entertaining a _ party of friends at the
Bohemian. Club yesterday and, among the
stories he told was one on certain mem
bers of his profession. <
"There was rQuite* a bunch of us going
to Europe a few seasons back and wa
had a Jolly time on shipboard," he said.
"There were many foreigners among the
passengers, but they were outnumbered
I by Americana. As a matter of course en
tertainments were got up to pass the time
away. One 1 night — I think it- : was the
Fourth of July— some one in the party
suggested that all good patriots should
celebrate the birthday of American inde
pendence/ As a novel feature' national
anthems of various countries were ren
dered by the passengers. ' A German sang
'Der Vaterland,' a Frenchman the 'Mar
seillaise' and an Englishman 'God Save
the Queen.' Soma • one then suggested
that the national : anthem of America,
would be v. apropos. ' In " a ' second we
Americans felt very meek. 1 Not one of us
could recall the words of "The Star
spangled Banner.' ,
Lillian Russell was in the -party and
she felt chagrined because . she did not
know the words of Key's immortal poem.
At last the German who sang for his
country came to our rescue and rendered
,the. beautiful- anthem with a strong Ger-
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Joseph Pettyjohn, now at San
Francisco, will proceed to Vancouver
Barracks, Washington, for assignment to
duty in Alaska.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Charles L. Hubbard, Caspar,
SS; Patrick Finley, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12. War with Spain— Edward
Hiil, San Francisco. $8. Increase — WUliam
McCall, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $8;
¦\Villiam H. Welchman, Santa Paula, 510-
Henry M- Xewhall, Keedles, $10; Henry
M. S. Morey, Placerville, $6. Widows-
Margaret J. Lawler, San Francisco, 58;
Eugene ilengula, mother, San Francisco,
$12: Mary E. Coburn. Capay. $8.
Washington— Original— John T. Glenn
Summit, $12. War with Spain— Benton
Wilson. Bothell. $8.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postoffiee
established— California— Schneider, Siski
you County. Postmasters commissioned-
California — Margaret Johnstone, Schneid
er. Washington — Lucretia McKay, Mar
shall. Appointed — California — C. B. Fish
er, Burbank, Los Angeles County, vice C.
E. Patterson, resigned.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Richardson then offered the Babcock bill to
place articles in the metal schedules on th«
free list, also cotton bagging, binding , twine,
wood pulp, etc. It was ruled out of order.
Corliss of Michigan offered an amendment to
authorize . the President to, negotiate , a reci
procity agreement with Canada.,; It -was ruled
out on a oolut of order.: '-.' '¦ \ '
. Newlands of -Nevada offered his amendment
to establish free trade between Cuba and the
United States and to extend an invitation to
Cuba- to enter the^ United States as a.Terri
tory, with a view to ultimate statehood. It
also was ruled out.-. .: > -.'
j On. motion of Payne the committee then
rose and reported the bill to the House. . ; ¦• ;
j -The previous question was ordered. Payne
demanded a separate vote on the Morris amend
ment to abolish the differential on refined sugar
and the roll was called. . •: \ . : |
The Morris amendment was adopted, .199 to
105. All the Democrats and the following- Re
publicans, sixty-four in number, voted for the
amendment: ¦ ':• ' ¦ • v - .: iV-'.i ¦
Aplin, Barney,. Bishop. Bowersock, Bromwell,
Brown, Burkett, Calderhead, . Conner, Coombs,
Cooper of WUconsIn, Corliss, Cousins, Crum
packer, Cushman, Dahle, Darragh," Davidson,
Dayton.' Esch, Fordney.- Gardner of Michigan,
Gill, Oreen of Massachusetts, Hamilton,
Haughln, HepbunC Hltt, Holllday.NHull, Jones
of Wisconsin, Kahn, Knox, Lacey,- Lawrence,
Lessler, Littleneld, Loud, McCle&ry, McLach
lan. Mercer, Miller, Morris, Moss, Mudd, ; Need
ham, Powers of ; Massachusetts, Prince, Rob
erts, Sheldon. Smith of Illinois, Smith of Iowa,
H. C. Smith, 8. ¦ ,W. Smith, W.' A. Smith,
Southard, Steven* of Minnesota, Sutherland.
Tawney, Thomas } of I Iowa, "Warner, Weeks,
¦Woods. .-'.¦¦¦• •' : .-',¦- ' ' ' - :
'The bill was then pawed, 247 to B2. " Those
voting in the negative wer«: ..
Alpin, i Barney, Bell, • Brazeale, s Bromwell.
Broussard. Brown, Coombs, Corllae, Cushman.
Dahle, Darragh, Davey. of Louisiana, Davis of
Florida, Dayt6n, Dick, Each. Fletcher,»Ford
ney,: Gardner of Michigan. Grbsvenor, Hamil
ton, I Hepburn, | Hildebrandt, Jones ¦ • of - Wash- !
ington, Kahn, Littleneld, .Loud; MeCleary, Me-
La«hlan, Mescal f. Meyer of ¦ Louisiana, Morris,'
NeMham. I Neville, Prince. RanBdell, ! Robertgo'n
.of Louisiana, Shaf roth; 8heldon, Smith, of Illi
nois, .H. C Smith, 8. vW. Smith, W. ,A.-> Smith,
Btevans of Minnesota, < Sutherland, Tawney,
Taylor, Tompkins ' of Ohio, Warner, Weeks,
Wdpds-B2.;-:.- ...:'¦¦,-,:,:¦ ¦':.-,, .¦ , ¦
Amendment and Bill Pass.
Dlngley law. De Armond offered another
amendment to strike out the language of the
Morris amendment, which limited Its operation
to the period covered by the reciprocity agree
ment. Both were voted down without division.
, The vote then recurred on the Morris amend
ment, which was adopted, amid Democratic
cheers.- by a vote of 164 to 111. The majority
for It was so overwhelming that Payne did not
The next surprise came from the Republican
side, when Roberts of Massachusetts offered an
amendment to place hides on the free Hat. The
chair sustained a point of order against It, and
when Roberts appealed many Democrats and
practically all the Republicans voted to sus
tain the chair, and , the chair was sustained
183 to 70. ' ' '
•Roberts then modified his amendment so as
to make it apply only to hides from Cuba, and
as modified It was held to be in order. But
on a direct vote it was defeated, 120 to 186.
McClellan then moved to increase the recipro
cal concession- from 20 to 30 per cent. __ Two
Republicans/Parker of New Jersey and Tomp
kins of. New .York, voted 'for the amendment
and the Louisiana Democrats and several other
Democrats, eleven in all, voted against It. It
was defeated, 102 to, 162. .
It la' understood that the new arrange
ments will involve no change of/ Hag and
little or no change in management. The
White Star, Dominion and Leyland lines
will, as heretofore, run under, the British
colors. With them will be associated the
Atlantic, Transport line, American line
and Red'Star line. Joint control of these
amalgamated ; companies will practically
be in- the' hands of the same men Who
guide their separate destinies. : ¦
The hearty co-operation of the two
great German companies engaged in the
North Atlantic traffic is assured. .The
Hamburg- American line and the North
German. Lloyd .enter Into harmonious
"community of Interests," working one
with the- other, while maintaining abso
lute autonomy and nationality. ** . :
Another great advantage the new com
pany will . possess is the assured har
monious working arrangements with the
great-railroads of the United States,
which are controlled by the same inter
68tS - ' • ' * '
While the combination willaffect Brit
ish shipping, British shipbuilding and
shareholders in these interests it is
thought the result will be favorable rather
than the .reverse. •' ¦'¦'¦'¦ ¦*¦••-.• •
From a British standpoint it is realized
that those. who control the ; great trans
continental-lines- by the grant of prefer
ential rates to goods invoiced to American
lines. could practically boycott .the^British
carrying trade by the new arrangement.
A possible -war of British versus
can' capital,"- or ;what, would be far worse,
commercially?* iK&Ji- politically, a war of
ship bounties? 5 B§tween the two ; govern
ments, has been avoided.,.,, u^r
• ROTTERDAM, "April 18.— At a meeting
here to-day ' of the shareholders of., the
Holland-American Steamship Company.it
was decided to increase the capital of tho
concern from 8,000,000 . to 20,000.000 florins
($3,200,000 j to $8,000.000). ;.. Harland I. Wolff,
the Belfast shipbuilder representing an
association composed of .several ltnea-'in
terested in transatlantic traffic, will par
tlclpate.in the reorganization of the com
pany to the extent of 6,000,000 florins (|2,
400,000),. . . : ¦ . v
: > LONDON,' Aprjl 18.— The details; of the
biggest' steamship" deal ever.: consum-,
mated 'Will be made .-public here to-mor
row imorning.y .L Pierpont^ Morgan has
succeeded In. his project of bringing to
gether In close "working agreement six of
thejbiggest British and American, trans-
Atlantic j lines, while two of the . great
German lines have agreed to Jenler.into
a; harmonious working agreement that
assures ji, "community of. interests." Th«j
lines, in •' the- new combination' are the
White Star, Dominion, Leyland, Atlantic
Transport, American (International Nav
igation Company) and Red Star, while the
allied heartily co-operating" ar& the Ham
burg-American and North German. Lloyd.
-To every one familiar with -the.; North
Atlantie steamship' situation this combi
nation-seems irresistible. Considering the
fact of«;the possession of the liners of, the
White r.Star, American, Hamburg-Ameri
can and North German Llo*yd. the pas
senger? situation seems absolutely in the
grasp. of the new combination, while the
big fleets of enormous cargo boats be
longing- to the' Leyland, Dominion, At
lantic Transport and Red Star lines make
a domination of the freight situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nevr Arrangement Will Not Involve
a Transfer of. Flag or Muchj|j
Change in the Man-
\ v . agement.
'•Community' of Interest" Plan
j for the British ami
American Boats. .-
As in duty bound, I send this dispatch to
your Excellency, requesting you to transmit it
to your Government and ask them to adopt*
s-crne plan to withdraw me Philippines from
the operations of this harsh regulation,- so as
to pacify the Chinese emigrants, which will be
amicable and just.
The communcation is signed' by Prince
Ching, President of the Chinese Board of
Foreign Affairs. .
In the House to-day the Senate amend
ments to the Chinese exclusion bill were
disagreed to and the bill was sent to con
ference. Hltt, Perkins and Clark were ap
pointed conferees. •
If no distinction is to be made between la
borers and merchants and the severe regula
tions are to 'be applied to that place also and
are to be subjected to these harsh "restrictions,
I fear the good reputation of your honorable
country "will hardly be able to escape injury.
Tour honorable country has usually the repu
tation of being lenient, and at present your re
lations with China are especially friendly.
There are places to which the restriction*
agreed upon in past treaties apply, but while
we are hoping that these restrictions may be
entirely abrogated, there- has never been any
treaty applying the restrictions to those
islands.
I find en examination Vhat the- Philippines
are not far from China and that from the time
of the Mills' dynaety, which preceded the pres
ent, down to to-day a large number of-emi
grants have gone there from Fuklen and the
two Kuangs, amounting to a hundred thou
sand, more or less, and that it is very difficult
to put a etop to the coming and going of their
families, fellow villagers and relatives. These
« migrants were formerly ! ill treated and
harassed by the Spanish Government, but
they were never forbidden to land or harshly
driven back to China.
On the ninth of the first moon of the
XXVIII year Kuang^Hsu (February 18, 1902),
I received a petition from Verraln Chinese mer
chants in the Philippines saying that the
United States officials are obstructing the en
trance of Chinese; that they have established
exclusion officers at the ports, ¦ and that when
Chinese . arrive in the -¦' waters, . no matter
whether they are laborers or merchants, all are
driven in together and treated as criminals,
and if there is any mistake made by them in
their verbal statements they are not al
lowed to land, but are compelled to return to
China.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— The Secre
tary of State to-oay transmitted to the
Senate a communication from ' United
States Minister Conger, inclosing a pro
test from U e Chinese Government against
the exclusion of Chinese from the Philip
pine Islands. The communication is as
follows:
V
Senate Receives a Communi
cation Sent to Minister
Conger.
Morgan Completes Deal
vWithSix of Biggest
'v4V Companies.
Objection to Restrictions
on Philippine-Emi
gration.
ATLANTIC
SHIPS ARE
COMBINED
CHINA ENTERS
TERSE PROTEST
COLOMBIA FIXES
CANAL PROTOCOL
Earl Brown, Who Bids Fair to Be a Matinee Idol,
Will- Play. Leading Roles at Local Playhouse*
... T
Modified Proposition Is
Submitted to State
Department.
Provisions Remain the Same,
but Are Better Ex
. plained.
: WASHINGTON. April J8.-The Colom
bian, canal protocol, which was delivered
at the State Department on April -1, ana
afterward recalled by Minister Concha for
modifications, was again presented to Sec-y
rC ThT proposal as' to price is set out as
follows: One year after the .exchange of
ratifications of a treaty the United States
shall pay Colombia the lump sum of $7,
000 000. This figure will represent fourteen
years' rental at $500,000 a year. At the
end of the fourteen>ears period the price
which the United States shall pay each
year is to be fixed by mutual consent of
the two" countries. In case^ the Paries
cannot agree upon a sum it will be left to
an arbitrator to be selected between: the
two Governments. - £ilwi
The protocol provides for the appoint
ment of a joint committee representing
Colombia ,and the United States which,
will arrange and provide for all matters
pertaining to- the administration of affairs
within the proposed canal belt, including:
the membership of the mixed - tri
bunals for the administration or
Justice, and other steps necessary to the
joint occupation of the belt. It is realized
that the building of a Panama .canal
would bring great numbers of persons or
all sorts and conditions to the isthmus,
and for this reason it has been provided
that the policing of the strip shall be per
formed by both American and Colombian
constables, neither of these nationalities,
it is held, being efficient without the aid
of the other. ;->.; . " . ¦
It is stated positively In an authorita
tive quarter that the .modifications for
which the protocol was recalled were in
no sense a retraction of any of the pro
posals embodied in it at its former pre
sentation, but were in the nature of ex
planations which make certain points
clearer, but do not chansre their effect.
The retention of Colombian sovereignty
over the canal land Is a point which has
been consistently adhered to all through,
the protocol, and none of its provisions
relinquish this sovereignty in any degree.
It is stated. . . "-'•
SONS OF BEVO*LTJTION ,". ~
VISIT WASHINGTON'S TOMB
Triennial Conclave of the General So
ciety Is Held at Mount
; '¦•-'. Vernon. ¦;•!; "\\ ! ¦""'
WASHINGTON, April -18.— The trien
nial conclave of the General Society, Sons
of the Revolution, Convened here to-day.
President Roosevelt received the dele
gates at the White House at 9;30 o'clock
and half an hour later.- they left for
Mount Vernon. . ' ...
At Washington's home . the. delegates
marched to the manor house, in .the ban
quet hall of which the business meeting
was held. They were preceded by a drum,
corps and a . color-bearer with a ha"nd
some flag of the United States, whllo
members carried with them, various em
blems of the order.
The following officers were" elected:
President general, John Lee Carroll,
Maryland; general jrice president, Garrett
Forsett Wall Vroom, New Jersey; general
secretary, James Mortimer Montgomery,
New York; general treasurer,. Richard
McCall Cadwalader, Pennsylvania; gen
eral chaplain, the Rev. Dr. Thomas Ed
ward Green, Ohio; general registrar, Wal
ter Gil man Page, Massachusetts. ' .. .
It was decided, to hold, all future meet
ings of the society in Washington.- 0 !La'ter
members in procession and with- uncov
ered heads marched to and around the
tomb of Washington, the band play in gr a
dirge. , - *'
2>EATH CAT1T1S PBTOEH,
WHITE HOUSE SECRETARY
Confidential Member of the Executive
Staff for Many Years Passes
Away. . <
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Major Ot-
tavus L» Pruden. one of the assistant sec
retaries to the President, died this morn
ing from an affection of the heart, aged
60 years. Major Pruden occupied a con
fidential position at the White House for
many years. . -•:..;
FINDS FATHER
IN SQUALID HUT
Boosevelt Goes to New York.
WASHINGTON, April 18.-President and
Mrs. Roosevelt left here. to-night for New
York, where they will attend to-morrow
the exercises incident to the installation:
of Nicolas Murray Butler as president
of Columbia University. Accompanying
them were Secretary and Mrs, Cortelyou,
Dr. John P. Urie, the President's physi
cian, and Surgeon General Rlxey of tho
navy. The party occupied the private car
Rivea, which was attached to the regular
Pennsylvania Railroad train. Tho Presi
dent will leave New York on the return
trip to "Washington to-morrow night. /
Son of a -Rich Iowan
Locates His Missing
Parent, j
COXTRT ACCEPTS B0N3> '
FOB RAfTHBONE'S RELEASE
Stipulation Is Made, However,. Tliat
• It Must Be Drawn Before a
••."} Notary. ¦ ¦¦••.'.'...¦-' ...
HAVANA. April 13.— At a lat© heiur thia
afternoon", this Audencia Court accepted
the bond of $100,000 offered by a fidelity
company for the appearance, of Estes G.
Rathbone. The« court . requires,, however,
that this. bond be drawn before a notary.
This involve* much time and expense, as
the notary's fees' and a. State tax must
be paid. Rathbone' 3 attorneys insist that
the habeas corpus* proceedings be contin
ued and demand that the bond should ba
drawn before- -the court as is customary
without further" delay or further expense.
In the habeas corpus petition Rathbone' s
attorneys declare the court's delay illegal
and Intimate that the court may be im
peached for such action-. •
: The habeas corpus petition will be heard
to-morrow. A number of- Cuban Senators
and Representatives elect have seat a tel
egram to President-electVPalma at Gtbara,
petitioning him to ask the United States
to pardon all Americans now under arrest
hi Cuba. /¦ . ¦:._ -
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, April 18.— Four
years ago James A. Evelyth of this
county, owner of a thousand-acre farm
worth $75,000 and father of seven sons
drew. $13,000 from a bank, j Next day he
disappeared. . -~::J
For four years his wife I searched the
country for him. Police throughout tha
United States had his picture: At last
she gave up the search and asked the
District Court here to set aside her share
in the estate. • .- ..
Last week a letter came that told her
her husband was living near Redondo,
IjOS Angeles County, Cat.; in a' rude hut
His son- found him,: hia clothing in rags"
his hair'iong and tangled. Misery and
squalor , were evident in the habitation
of this man .whose mansion here Is the
princellest in all the -county. . He fiercely
resisted all efforts to take him away from
his rude shanty, for in his dementia he
did not recognize his son. j • ,-.. .......
¦Mrs. Evelyth to-day was appointed her
husband's guardian and soon she will
leave , for California and bring: back to
their elegant home the husband who has
endured four yeara of needless poverty.
Kills : Neigfbor In' a Quarrel.
.SALT LJUCE % Utah; April 13.— Thomas
McGee, 'colored,' a smelter employe at
Murray, shot and almost Instantly killed
Henry Johnson," also colored; in a Quar
rel over the possession of a barn this
morning. The men were neighbors and
the killing was witnessed by the wives of
both men. McGee was arrested. •.:
STERLING YOUNG ACTOR
COMES TO THE CENTRAL
COMEDY TO BE PRODUCED
BY GERMAN AMATEURS
Hugo Breitter, Miss Rita dJ-Rorcy and Other Clever
Actors in "The Merry Tramps." ;
.THE .SAN FBASTOISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, APRIL 19, 19O2.>
2
rVi,' >v , To Cure Grip in'Tvrq 2>ays.' ? . "•.;
'"> Laxative.. Browio-Quinlhe £ renioves the cause.
; E.-.W.. Grove's signature on every box." *. :
..NEW YORK, April »18.~The, factory.- of the
Bradley ,AVhite , Lead Company, in Brooklyn
burned to-day.-. ' Loss,' $100,000. ¦¦ ~: , - ¦
Piles Cured Without tie Knife.
¦Itching, Blind,' Bleeding or Protruding- Piles."
No cure. No Pay.. All druggists /ire authorized
by . manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
miney where it falls to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how .'long standing, i Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application ¦ glvea case and 1 , rest.::' Relieves
itching tnsta'ritly. -..'This Isanew discovery. 1 and
is : the only ' pile remedy sold ¦ on ' positive guar-
antee. ' no : cure, no pay- A free sample ¦ will . ba
sent* by. mail to any one sending name and ad-
dress. .. Price, • COc. - If your druggist. don't keep
it in Stock send 60p in stamps and we will for-
ward full'siio box by. mail. * Manufactured • by
PARIS MEDICINE CO-'. St. ¦ Louis, , Mo., -. who
also 'manufacture' tho celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. " ; ?i.
'100 Doses
For Oiie Dollar
Economy in medicine must be
measured by two things— cost
and effect. It cannot be measured
by either alone. It is greatest in
that medicine that does the most
for the money — that radically and
permanently cures at the least ex-
pense. That medicine is
Hood's Sarsaparilia
It purifies and enriches the blood, cures
pimples, eczema and ail eruptions, tired,
languid feelings, loss of appetite, and
general debility.
Hood's Sarsaparilia promises to
c uro and keeps the promise.
i tKe most agreeable and refreshing"
Vvyater, alone or mixed with wine, etcv
Its moderate al kal i ni ty admirably/
¦ counteracts the effects of wine and
spirits.
: lJ^ : M< THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."STOCKTON ELKS. WHO HAVE
MADE ,THE LATE P. T. BARNUM
"LOOK CHEAP." " -' .- , '
Continued From Page One.
ST. LOUIS FRANK HOPES.
Such events "as" these held the specta
tors spellbound: - "Professor" H. Scam
niss Lewis, with a troupe of trained
horses ; Hughes and Perryman , trapeze
artists; Madame Logan, equestrienne, i in
her : successful menage act; the great
Teslo, Juggler; th© original and only
• It was to-night In th© Pavilion, how
ever, 1 " that the blaze, of glory blazed., The
seats were built In amphitheater form
around the rings, and every inch of
space was . occupied before Ringmaster
Orrin S. Henderson cracked his whip. Aa
actors appeared programmes were con
sulted, and, on the Identity 1 of the per
formers becoming known, there was no
prohibition against "joshing the actors. '-•
Well-known citizens appeared as freakish
clowns. Three' bands, Including the , fa
mous Boys' Band of forty:- pieces,
belched forth ragtime melody and cir
cus steps, while the performers drew
forth the thunderous applause of th© ad
miring horde of their, neighbors.' County
Clerk Otto Grunsky and his herd of ele
phants were only a part of the great ag
gregation of performing \ animals. . Every
actor was so \bad he was good. A few
professionals were mixed In to add zest
and show by comparison how much' th*
members of No. 218 had to learn. ¦ *-
Cages. Stunts. .Five human dice.
Lodl Band.
liillie on his high bike. Eight riders. Relsler
the clown. Cages of animals. More' ..
clowns, i
Bill Newman and Bob Knowles.
• ... Boys' Band. • . -. ¦
Lady and gentleman riders. Mallory, spieler.
Stunts. Oakland Clown Quartet. Other.
• • : Oakland features.
. ,-•• German Band. ¦ ". • •
Dougherty, tandem. Nicewonger. tandem.
' Guernsey. Roberts, ': Atwood -and -Bull.
Second Blossom Band. - ¦ -¦
.Stunts. Human calliope., .
Wonders of the Arena.
' SAN JOSE.Y April • 18.— By th© explosion
of a flue; in the boiler^of train No. 10,
bound .' for '. Los" Angeles, . as ' It passed
through this city to-night,' .Fireman Ed.
H. /Tulleylwas badly, though not danger
ously, scalded. 1 He was knocked from th©
cab and severely I bruised. ' Th© engineer
was not hurt. Tulley lives ' at 1627 Clay
street, ' San Francisco. .The train was de
layed forty minutes. • --,. .
Explosion on a Locomotive:
that rod© on the cars th© night preceding
the; murder. . • ¦ ¦ •• . . ¦¦ - ¦ v .
Some - of th© performers acted seriously
and well. The peanut venders were well
known citizens who would climb in this
Instance just as far for a nickel as the
sure-enough extractor of I coin at a cir
cus. Tho affair will certainly net Stock
ton Lodge No. 218 a handsome sum.
Then came Paul Pickert. "the Teutonic
Sandow";x Little Isella Johnstone, Shet
land pony act; Mile. Tarrara (James
Bull), bewildering beautiful equestrienne:
Skaterovslty ¦ (Louis Giovassi ) in fancy
trick skating; the Queen of th© Arena,
the petite Le Loodle (Dr. Harry Taggart)
in his fearless two-horse act; the. star
of th© arena In his Roman two-horse
standing act, Signor Hotstuff (Jack Mc-
Leod). It is needless to say that the horses
moved in a walk. Diddenheinier (Billy
Hughes), the emperor 'of the saddle:
Charles ¦F.'Pugh, Oakland's bareback
rider and clown, (from the Elks' circus
nt Oakland); the cycle wonder. Court
Edwards, In his daring acts with the
wheel; , Wild Bill, the Newhop© bronco
buster; , hippodrome races by members
of the company, introducing Lillie Herk
ner and Susie Sievers in their thrilling
chariot races; exciting running race be
tween George Hogan of Lodl and Tod
Sloan .of. England; tandem Shetland
pony race between J. W. Dougherty of
Terminous and Cary . Nicewonger of
Stockton. .
Freakish and Fearsome Feats.
As Mr. Gall is blessed with 220 and
Bertrand with only 85 pounds, although
a voter, their forms in plnklings were
alone enough to send laughter around in
waves. . . ' \ \ .
(name blown in bottle) Brothers La
Didlt (Bob Knowles and John Moore), in
hair-raising ladder balancing feats;
Mile, Shortclothes, the dashing and beau
tiful lady bareback' rider (Broderick
Jones); George Olsen, slack wire perform
er; Pierce and O'Connell. trick bicyclists
the Australian twin marvels, the charm
ing Bubble Sisters (Joseph Gall and
Charles Bertrand), in star fling acrobatic
feats.
LOS ANGELES. Anril 18— Maw that ihow
the joint survey made by the San Pedro. Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad and the Ore
Ron Short Line through Nevada have arrived
here and will be approved -by the directors of
the Clark road at a meeting to be held in Los
Angeles In a few ¦ days. '
• SAN RAFAEL. April lS.-^Judg© Angel
lotti to-day handed down his decision In
the case of Thomas O'Connor vs. Adolph
Sylva. The judgment is for plaintiff on
foreclosure of lien on building:, to the
amount of $1362 and attorneys' fees. The
property in question Is "Craven Hall,"
Sylva' s mansion in Sausalito, which cost
about $20,000.,
Court Decides Against Sylva.
I ' Fred Brown is major student In - the
physiology department and registers from
Pasadena. . . \
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April IS —
Frederick A. Brown, *02^center fielder on
this year's varsity nine, was unanimous
ly elected captain of next season's base
ball team at a meeting - of the varsity
players this afternoon. D. V. Cowden, '02,
th© retiring captain, placed Brown's name
In nomination. .-. ¦
Will Captain Cardinal Nine.
REDDING, April 18.— L. W. Corrigan,
one of the men employed in building the
new railroad bridge across the river at
Delta, .was drowned there last evening.
Corrigan and three, companions were tak
ing a boat ride when they broke an oar.
As their craft passed a willow tree one
of the men grasped a branch that project
ed over the water. The sudden jerk cap
sized the boat. Corrigan was swept down
the stream and his body has not been re
covered. His companions succeeded in
reaching shore. Corrigan was 35 years of
age.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 18.—
Harold P. Kuhn. '03, the crack Stanford
hurdler, was taken to the Lane Hospital
in ' San - Francisco this afternoon to be
operated upon for appendicitis. Kuhn
had been counted on as a point winner in
the intercollegiate .field day to-morrowl
His illness did not develop into a serious
nature until last night. I
H. W. Bell. '05, and Captain McGaugh- ;
era of the track team are also* on the
sick list and the former will probably not
enter the meet | to-morrow. His absence
from the team and that of Kuhn and
Henley will seriously affect the showing
made by the Stanford men.
Stanford Hurdler Critically 111.
Sacramentans Hear That Napa Has
Seen Invited to Submit
a Bid.
$S SACRAMENTO, April 18.— It is ru
mored here that President A. B. Spreck
els of the State Board of Agriculture
proposed to : J. t S.: .Taylor at Napa ;.City
that Napa should bid for the State Fair,
Intimating that a $75,000 bonus should be
offered. The • Agricultural directors- here
say they do not -believe it is proposed to
remove the fair /from Sacramento.
J> Regarding the' foregoing dispatch from
Sacramento, A. Bf Spreckels said .last
night:
"Mr. Taylor Interviewed me some time
ago in regard to securing the Stats Fair
for Napa. I told him that if he would
put in a bid I would lay it before the di
rectors. That is -all I know about the
matter." - •
RUMOR OF STATE FAIR
CHANGE CAUSES ALARM
LOS-, ANGEL-ES, April. 18.— Delfin Al
bitre," charged with robbing the United
States mails near Oxnard on April 13, was
to-day placed under bonds of $1500 by
Commissioner .Van Dyke- to await trial
next Friday. Two men witnessed Al
bitre's alleged attempt.- He was one of
three passengers on the Hueneme stage on
Tuesday: At a certain spot on the country
road, it is alleged, Albltre suddenly threw
two mail sacks from the stage and sprang
out after them. Fred McLane leaped
after the Mexican and secured one of the
sacks containing the letters. Albltre
grabbed the one containing papers and
packages and ran. McLane gave chase
and knocked the fellow \almost senseless
with his revolver butt. The stage went
on with the mail sacks, leaving the Mexi
can lying on the ground. An officer found
him on the spot, a short time afterward,
in a dazed condition.
Witnesses Tell of Delfin Albitre's Al
leged Attempt to Rob the
.Hueneme Stage.
THROWS OUT MAIL SACKS
AND LEAPS AFTER THEM
The expected fight among the companies
that are members of the association, In
reference -to the nfljitary' business, has
gone over. As many of the railroad men
are going away to-morrow the. question
was postponed - to the next quarterly
meeting, which will take place in either
Colorado or Utah in July. All of. -the rail
road men will journey northward, i in
specting their local offices in Los Angeles
and San Francisco before returning to
the East, j .
A one-way fare was allowed the Drug
gists' Convention that win take place in
Monterey in October of this year.
Before the association adjourned reso
lutions were adopted tjianking Manager
E.. S. Babcock of the Hotel del Coronado.
the Chamber of Commerce of San Diego
and the Pacific Coast Steamship Company
for their courtesy to the railroad men
during the meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOTEL, DEL CORONADO. Aprjl 18.^-
The Transcontinental Passenger Assbcia
tion closed its quarterly meeting here this
afternoon. - The most important business
transacted was the. adoption of inter
changeable mileage by: all the roads of the
association. The only Western roads that
at present will not recognize the inter
changeable mileage are the Northern Pa
cific, the" Great Northern and the Cana
dian Pacific. These are not members of,
the association, but Geneial Passenger
and Ticket Agent Fee of the Northern
Pacific says the northern roads will with
out 'doubt adopt Interchangeable mileage
after thejr have had a consultation. ; . '
Railroad Agents End Their
Session at Hotel del
< X Coronado.
Victim Receives a Serious
Wound, but Is Likely
to Recover.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
April IS.— Howard Wells, a
veterinarian, shot E. A. Hutson thi3 aft
ernoon, a bullet from his pistol passing
through the neck of his victim and lodg
ing in the left shoulder. Wells was ar
rested and is in jail on a charge of as
sault with Intent to commit murder. The
shooting took place at Northneld's place,
just out of town, and Is alleged to have
been unprovoked.
Wells had been drinking with Hutson
during the afternoon and the men drov©
to the Northfield place together. Wells
was so intoxicated that* he asked to be
permitted to lie down. He first went into
the house and later staggered to the bank
or Iresno River. Hutson drove after a
cow, and when he got back to the house
Wells had returned. As Hutson drove up
Wells exclaimed, "Give me my money—
you ve got it." Drawing his pistol ha
fired and Hutson fell. Hutson will re
cover.
Wells a short time ago shot Georg©
Austin and was himself shot In return.
CHINESE ARE AGAIN
WROTH AT F0REIGNER3
Uneasiness Reported to Prevail in
Peking Because of Bitter Feel
ing Among Troops/
LONDON, April 13.— In a dispatch from
Shanghai the correspondent of the Times
says he learns from a high native author
ity that there Is uneasiness at Peking in
consequence of unmistakable anti-foreign
feeling among the nadve troops in North
ern China.
HONGKONG. April 18.— The Rev. Mr.
Landis, an American missionary, who has
arrived from Nan King, province of
Kwang Si, confirms the reports of the
seriousness of the rebellion in the south
ern provinces of China. He says all trade
beyond Nan Ning is paralyzed. The
stores there are packed with goods
stopped on their \ ay to the Interior. Th©
total rebel force numbers about 10,000 well
armed men. The country around Nan
Ning is simmering with discontent aris
ing from the oppression of the prefect of
that district. The rebels are friendly
toward foreigners and Christians and al
low the Imperial post to penetrate Into
the rebel districts and deliver mail to for
eigners.
TELEPHONE SUPPLANTS
RAILROAD TELEGEAPH
Ordinary Business to Be Transacted
by New System on the Bur
lington Line.
CHICAGO. April 13.— Telephones will
supplant telegraph lines for practically all
of the. commercial business of the Bur
lington Railroad within a short time.
Wires are now being strung connecting
the principal division points of th© sys
tem, and as soon as the lines are finished
all of the communication between offices,
and all directions, with- the possible ex
ception of train orders, will be thus trans
mitted. The Burlington is the second road
in the country to aupplant the telegraph
for ordinary business, the change having /
been made on the Illinois Central some
time ago.
nominations by the President.
WASHINGTON, April IS.— The Presi
dent to-day sent th© following nomina
tions to the Senate:
Promotions In the revenue cutter ser
vice: First assistant- engineers, to ba
chief engineers— George B. Maher. Dis
trict of Columbia; Henry O. Slayton.
Maine. First lieutenants, to- be captains-
Frank H. Newcomb. Massachusetts-
Charles H. McLellan, Maine; E. C. Cha
ton, South Carolina. Second lieutenants
to be first lieutenants:— Percy H. Brere
ton. New Jersey; Godfrey L. Carden Cal
ifornia. Third lieutenant, to be second
lieutenant— William G. Blaisdell, jCalifoiu
nla.
Marine hospital service— Assistant Sur
geon Hill Hastings, past assistant sur
geon.
Army— Clark Elliott. Minnesota, second
lieutenant of Infantry.
Coursing Men Accused of Cruelty.
DENVER. Colo., April 18.— The District
Attorney in the Criminal Court to-day
filed information against James J. Noce
David Mosconi and J. McParland. pro
moters and managers of the Denver
Coursing Club, charging them with cru
elty in chasing and mutilating rabbits,
and also with having Interfered with, as
saulted, kicked and beaten Secretary
Whitehead of the Humane Society, who
sought to prevent th© coursing.
France and Venezuela Agree.
CARACAS, Venezuela. April IS.— The
Congress of Venezuela having yesterday
adopted the French protocol providing for
a renewal of diplomatic relations between
France and Venezuela, the ratification of
the protocol was signed to-day by repre
sentatives of both countries. Thisvter
mlnates the suspension of relations Nbe
tween France and Venezuela, which was
broken In 1895.
Snowslide Buries a Prospector.
DENVER. April IS.— A special' to . the
Republican from .Tellurlde, Colo., says th©
news reached that town to-day that a
snowslide on the mountain above Deeo
Creek has destroyed th© cabin of Charles
Wurster, an old-time prospector of thi<*
district, burying Wurster in the rulna. It
is not known when the slid© occurred but
It Is supposed to "have been some months
ago.
Heavy Earthquake la Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, April 18.— A severe
earthquake shock was felt here at 760
o'clock this morning. It lasted on© min
ute and a half and was th© longest expert,
enced in years. - ¦
SAN DIEGO. April 18.— An Injunction
granted to restrain the California Development
Company from turning Irrigation water upon
territory controlled by the Impelal Company
In the southeastern part of San Die^o County
wa« dissolved this afternoon by Judge Tor
ranoe."
SPOKANE, April IS. — Approximately 250.000
acres of timber land in Spokane and Stevens
counties, Washington, estimated to. contain
1.000.000,000 feet of lumber, has been sold by
the Northern Pacific Railroad to mill men' of
Spokane, Seattle and Wisconsin.
Wantonly Attempts a
Murder on a Madera
Ranch.
Passenger " Association
Adopts Interchange-
MILEAGE "GOOD"
ON ALL ROADS
DRUNKEN MAN
SHOOTS FRIEND
REDDING,- April . M.— From Elena,
sixty miles northeast of Redding, i comes
a story of th© heroism of the 13-year-old
daughter, of W. ' H. . Shadley, • a; farmer
While the parents were away from home
the :. house caught fire from a , defective,
flue. -•' The 'girl . carried her f our ,- youngei
brothers and ¦ sisters . from • the burning
house." Then she set to work to carry out
the furniture.^/Sho.suceeded In , saving
everything but two stoves and some beds.
Girl's Heroism at a Fire.
TWO THUGS AT LARGE.
Four of them are In jail and two are
missing.' One ¦ of them Is . a mulatto. It
was the latter. Woods told him, who ac
tually caused the shooting. The sextet
tried to hold up a Jap, and when the lat
ter cried out for help the mulatto shot at
him. It was this shot that attracted Po
liceman Robinson's attention. When Rob
inson came up he asked who fired th*
shot and attempted to search the ' men
They then opened fire on him because
they had burglar tools In their possession
Woods, according to the witness, admit
ted that he gave his pistol to Goucher
Dr. Baclgalupl, autopsy physician, testi
fied as to the nature of the wounds that
caused the death of Robinson. "The jury
then retired and brought in Its verdict '
raised four fingers, Indicating that four
men were concerned in the shooting."
The witness then told of going to Port
land, Or., to get Frank Woods, alias St.
Louis Frank, who was arrested there; and
of a conversation he had with the pris
oner. He' said Woods admitted being
present, at the- shooting of Robinson.
Wood3 implicated "Kid" Goucher, who
has thus far evaded arrest. He also said
there were six men together at the time.
*- Captain Seymour says that the men now
In custody will not be charged immediate
ly, but thelri : cases will be, presented to
the Grand . Jury .... Tuesday , and . Indictments
asked | for \ against . them. This Is to- pre
vent any- possibility,. of .technical Impedi
ments arising from a preliminary hearing
in the Police Court; , > • ' ;:'>
"Last 'night 'Detective Wren "arid Police
man . Taylor ¦ had\ a party of . people down"
to the- City . Prison to Identify ¦ Henderson,
Woods, Kaufman, and-. Courtney, as. .the
four men who went out to the Mount Oli
vet Cemetery on a' San" Mateo car and re-'
turned on an Ingleslde.car. The witnesses
werp Vincent Bagden of 147 Lexington ave
nue, sW. Ritchie and A. Banning/ grlpman
and conductor \ respectively., on car ¦ 61 of
the San • Mateo' line; - J. , W. 'Anderson and
A.'^ D. Fredrlcks of • the ¦ Inglesid«. car.* a\\
of .whom, were positive i that; one or all\«f
the men • In : custody ' had been ; in . a party*
Woods started ' to run J away and . was
shot In sthe 'back. VThen he returned and
fired .two shots Into the body of- the pros
trate policeman. . As he turned to go he
received a' second bullet from the dying
officer's- revolver. rHe believed he -was
dangerously hurt and crawled into a va
cant lot. to die. ' "Kid". Goucher. remained
with him a short time. -Woods took •< off
his coat and gave his revolver to Goucher.
Later: be felt better and -went, alone to
the | Turk-street flat, ; where all 1 the mem
bers of the gang agreed to go their sep
arate . ways. The coat found-'in ' th© lot
with cartridges ln v the , pocket Woods ; ad
mitted belonged to 'him. - .
Woods to Detective Dlnan that all six
men were present when the " murder was
committed. ' Policeman Robinson .first
fired a -shot In the air and was fired, on
by Henderson and Woods. , . ,.
PRISONERS * ARE IDENTIFIED.
Freight Cars Ditched.
BAKERSFIELD, April 18.— Freight
train No. 33 on the Santa Fe. Conductor
Bowyer, was wrecked early this morning
one mile- west of Rosedale, thirteen cars
being ditched ¦ and badly smashed.' The
wreck was caused by a washout from an
overflow of an irrigating canal. Of the
thirteen cars wrecked, three were furni
ture cars, while the others were ' refrig
erators, carrying oranges and other per
ishable fruits. A hobo, name unknown,
was Injured. .
Million-Dollar Smelter Company.
LOS ANGELES, April 18.— Incorporation
paper3 of a $1,000,000 smelting • company
were filed to-day in the County Clerk's
office. The concern is the Blast Furnace
Smelting Company, with the following di
rectors; Samuel L. Kistler, F. B. Plt
tlnglll, Edward Nicholson, J. E. Eichel
berger and I* F. < Kistler. The company
Is to establish a smelter .in the vicinity of
Los Angeles.
Gold at Bottom of a Well.
REDDING, April 18.— O. L. Jezler, a
local photographer,'. has struck. a ledge of
gold-bearing, quartz < at the bottom of a
well he is sinking. The ledge Is so prom
ising that he ' doesn't care .whether he
strikes ¦ water> or > not.', The 1 well ; Is. three
blocks west of the county courthouse. It
will, be turned into a mine. • •
Continued From Page One.
SACRAMENTO, April 18.— The Council
of. Federated Trades has arranged for a
great demonstration, to be given in honor
of Mayor Schmitz of San' Francisco upon
his arrival in this city to-morrow evening.
Mayor Schmitz will be met at the station
by the members of the thirty-four labor
unions, and, headed by a band of 100 mu
sicians, will be escorted to the old pavil
ion, where he and prominent local: labor
leaders will deliver addresses. A ball will
mark the close of the evening's demon
stration. • . '
To Welcome Mayor Schmitz.
RESULT OF INQUEST.
FRESNO, April 18.— To-morrow will be
a red-letter day in the history of the local
camp of Woodmen of the World. MorQ
than 600 men will Join the organization,
and the choppers are coming from far
and near to witness the grand log-roll
ing. In . the afternoon there 'will be
speeches in the courthouse park. At 7:15
o'clock there will be a parade through
the streets of Fresno that will eclipse
in numbers all former parades in this
city. Twenty-five camps of the- Wood
men of the World will take part In the
procession.. There will be at least 2000
men in line. In the evening, in the Bar
ton Opera-house, many strangers win -be
Initiated into the mysteries of Woodcraft.
Fresno's Big- Log-E.olling.
The show first came forth In a blaze of
dazzling splendor this afternoon, In a pa
rade full' of astounding wonders and con
tinuous surprises. The natives gaped
and wondered while the masqueraders
stunted by with all the dignity of pro
fessionals. The grotesque make-ups of
well-known men called for salutes of up
roarious laughter, all along the • line. A
platoon of policemen in misfit suits in
cluded W. B. Nutter and other well
known men. Dr. Taggart appeared as a
dashing equestrienne. Frank E. Guern
sey and other well-known young men
were made up like fair stars of the saw
dust ring. . William Deltrlch and his
Dutch band were "great." Scores ot
novel features were represented, and a
large company, of well-known' Elks and
their ladiea appeared In conventional at
tire in the saddle. Without any effort
the pageant stretched out a dozen
blocks. These were the features:-
Police.
Grand Marshal Slbley and aids. .
Director General Lewis. Exalted rulers In
. hacks.
. Blossom's Band, i • ' ¦ v
Professional riders. Hlpgrlnbotham and Hen
derson, clowns. :
A .W~^T..?..t..?..;..T~I..?..t..!..f..T.4- t ..t~V.T..:..t..V
fair up with' a finish. It was no
warmed-over presentation. The whole
show came to town. To-night In Agri
cultural Pavilion, 5000 persona roared
with merriment at the burlesque' on Bar
num. Weak lemonade and soggy pea
nuts were cried with gusto by vender*
who a few hours before were In their
offices and places of business, grave and
sedate men of affairs. . ¦
STOCKTON, April 18.— The circus
of the Elks made a clean sweep.
' The . antlered tribe known as the
"best people on earth" did the af-
Every few days the cyanide tanks at the
mining plant are cleaned, and early this
morning this duty fell upon O'Brien' and
Miller. When they entered the tanks it
was scon seen' that the fumes had not all
escaped. O'Brien was quickly overcome
and fell unconscious- to the bottom of the
tank, where he died. Miller's calls for
help attracted the attention of other em
ployes and he was rescued as he was
about to give up hope.
O'Brien leaves a widow in Los Angeles.
She will reach Mojave to-night on tne
Owl, having been notified of her husband's
death.
BAKKRSFIELD. April 18.— Suffocated
In the cynanide tanks of the Exposed
Treasure • Gold Mining Company's plant
near Mojave was the terrible fate of
John O'Brien, an employe of the com
pany, whose home is in Los Angeles.
Edward Miller, another miner, narrowly
escaped death In the tank. He was res
cued before the deadly fumes overcame,
him. He is now pronounced out of dan
ger.
Workman . Dies of Suffocation and
His Companion Has NarroV
Escape.
MEETS DEATH IN MINING
COMPANY'S CYANIDE TANKS
DAWSON. Y. T., April 18.— The follow
ing telegram was received yesterday aft
. ernoon from the Minister of the Interior:
OTTAWA. April 17. — To E. C. Senkter. Cold
Commissioner: Throw open for entry at once
all the lapsed and abandoned claims withheld
from entry by reason of Treadgold concession.
* " SIFTON.
Ten minutes later the Gold Commission
er had a notice posted in his office, throw
ing open to location 3400 placer mining
claims that had been withheld from entry
by reason of the Treadgold concession.
These cover an area of ten square miles.
Since the first of the year 300 reverted
claims fell to Treadgold by reason of the
order in council giving him all abandoned
claims, and these also will now be thrown
open to location.
This will mean a series of the biggest
stampedes for vacant claims ever record
ed in the Klondike country, for most of
the miners here have ground picked out
that they know to be of \-alue, but which
they have been unable to secure because
It was withheld from location for the
benefit of Treadgold.
The concession to A. N. C. Treadgold.
Sir Thomas Tancred and associates was
originally granted last . year. It gave
TTcadgold the exclusive right to take
¦water for mining purposes from the Klon
dike River and tributaries, except such
rights as were already given to others,
end to use the water on Hunker. Bear
and Bonanza creeks and tributaries. The
Ti-eadgold syndicate was given all lapsed
claims on those creeks and adjacent hlll
eides "and benches. The amended conces
sion of last December, made public In
February, gave it far greater rights, an
nouncing that the Treadgold syndicate
should have all vacant ground free from
royalty fees for recording .or other ex
penses.
Through the efforts of Governor Ross
and Delegates Wilson and Sugrue at Ot
tawa, aided by telegrams from Dawson.
the Government has been Induced to re
scind this sweeping concession.
Lapsed Klondike Gold Lands Are
Opened to Entry and a Stam
pede Will Result.
THOUSANDS OF CT.ATMS
FOB. TEE YUKON MINERS
REDDING, April 18.— A discovery made
by surveyors ill the woods north of Red
ding, on the opposite side of the Sacra
mento River, which at first seemed mere
ly a novel find, now appears to "have a
deep and far-reaching significance. The
discovery was of a complete railroad and
a mixed train of passenger and box cars,
all in miniature. At first the engineers
who made the find believed they had
come upon the hidden retreat of an in
ventor, but a study of the circumstances
leads to the supposition that' men now in
teresting New York capitalists in project
ed railways liere may.have»hlt upon the
scheme of placing this miniature railway
system in the woods to justify them tech
nically in declaring that the first division
of a narrow gauge railroad was actually
built, with a train running over it.
T. G. Parker and A. C. Freeland were
running lines for an electric road to Kes
•wick and had reached the junction of a
creek and the Sacramento River. At this
point two railroads projected to run from
Eureka or other coast points via Redding
would cross the river. The surveyors
were speculating upon the possibility of
Buch a road being built when suddenly
they came upon a small clearing and
found a perfect railway track, six inches
¦wide and twenty yards In length. Lpon
it stood a tiny train, whose locomotive
and five coaches aggregated seven feet
in length. The cars and engine were
turned from wood and titled with wheels
and appliances in exact imitation of a
real engine and coaches. Ingenious boys
could not have built the perfect little
road and train.
The tracks of a man and freshly turned
earth showed that this narrow gauge lim
ited had not been In operation more than
a week. The ferryman at Reids Ferry, a
half-mile away, remembers - having fer
ried a stranger in a buggy, who asked
many questions about the frequency of
visitors to the isolated spot on the river
bank. The stranger returned In an hour
ana hurried away.
It Is believed that a glowing description
of the first division of the projected rail
way may be published in the circulars
used in New York to interest buyers of
stock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.-
Is Complete in Every Detail and a
t Train of Toy Cars Stands
Upon the Tiny
Sixty-Foot Road Probably
Being Exploited in the
East I
Beebe and his wife have lived in the
neighborhood for some vears, having
come from Oakland. He is about 35 years
of age and she was five years his junior.
It is the opinion of the Coroner that Mrs.
Beebe died from natural causes, but that
she was slightly demented and believed
her husband wanted to get rid of her. No
trace of poison was found in the autopsy.
A number of organs were diseased to
such an extent that death might have re
sulted from several causes.
Sheriff Langford went to the Beebf>
home, to-day to investigate the case.
While the neighbors relate many rumors
and stories told by Mrs. Beebe of her
husband's threats to get rid of her, the
Sheriff is not inclined to the theory of
foul play. Beebe told Langford that there
had been a bottle of laudanum in Vhe
house for four years and that Mrs. Beebe
might have taken some of It yesterday.
He said his wife ; had repeatedly asked
him to give her some laudanum when she
was ill. but he had always refused. He
said he was not at home when she was
taken sick. His wife had frequentlySiad
spells of hysteria, one of these occurring
last evening.
Mrs. Beebe's body was removed to an
undertaking parlor in this city. Coroner
Kell ordered an autopsy, which was per
formed by Drs. Gates and Miller this
afternoon. .
When Mrs. Beebe called on District At
torney Campbell yesterday she said sbs
believed her husband was becoming in
sane from overwork: She said he would
get up at 2 or 3 o'clock In the morning
and work until 10 o'clock at night. She
had the District Attorney write a letter
to Dr. Charles H. Barnes of Los An
geles, a half-brother of Beebe; advising
him of the man's condition and asking
him to Interest himself in the case. Mrs.
Beebe said her husband had not become
afflicted to the extent that she feared he
would harm her. • Another woman was
with Mrs. Beebee at the time.
When taken ill' Mrs. Beebe complained
of a burning sensation in the stomach,
and some of the neighbors - gave her a
concoction of turpentine and sweet oil.
The woman had been doctoring for
months with various physicians. .
Mrs. Beebe returned to her home from
this city about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. An hour or so later she was taken
ill, and about 6 o'clock sent her little bqy
to a blacksmith shop in the vicinity to
telephone for Dr. Gates. Beebe was not
home at the time, but he met the boy
going to telephone and he went on the
errand himself. Dr. Gates went out and
prescribed for Mrs. Beebe. Some of the
neighbors were with her. At 8 • o'clock
Mrs. Beebe told Mrs. Garvey and other
neighbors not to let her go to sleep, as
her husband had given her a big dose of
laudanum and if she- went to sleep she
would never awaken. Despite the efforts
of her attendants Mrs. Beebe fell asleep
Late in the night Dr. Miller was called
to attend her, the people being unable to
find Dr. Gates. Mrs. Beebe died at . I
o'clock this morning.
The little settlement of orchardists in
that locality, which is three and a half
miles southwest of this city, is greatly
excited. Mrs. Beebe I had told the
neighbors that she and her husband did
not get along well together, and only yes
terday she went to District Attorney
Campbell and told him she believed her
husband was becoming Insane. These
facts and her sudden death have thrown
a mystery about the case, which both
Sheriff Langford and Coroner Kell are
trying to solve. One theory advanced by
the officers is that the woman was in
sane. \
SAN. JOSE, April 18.— Mystery surrounds
the death of Mrs. Lulu M.J3eebe, wife of
Herry G. Beebe, who resides on Buena
Vista avenue. Her demise occurred at 4
o'clock this morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara Officials Investi
gating the of
Mrs. Beebe.
Discovery Near Redding
Gives Rise to Novel
. Theory.
Expires After Asserting*
That Husband Gave £|
Her Laudanum.
MINIATURE
RAILWAY IN
THE WOODS
MYSTERY VEILS
WOMAN'S DEATH
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL, 19, .1902.
Stockton Elks Surprise Spectators "With Strenuous and Startling
Stunts on the Sawdust Stage of a Stadium*
FIERCE, FREAKISH PHANTASMAGORIA
OF SCINTILLATING CIRCUS STARS
3
SB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
wjOtWBS&ffl rail
Who is discouraged by a condition of ill-
health which falls to yield to the treat-
merit of local physicians will be glad to
know she can consult Dr. Pierce, by
letter, free. In a little more than thirty
years, Dr. Pierce, chief consulting phy-
sician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute. Buffalo, N. Y., assisted by his
staff of nearly a score of physicians,
has treated ana cured hundreds of thou-
sands of weak and sick women. All
correspondence is held as strictly privata
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
1L V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. '
"After being subjected for some time to »a
•nnoring female trouble." says Mrs. Mianis
TiUotaon. of Potomac. Vermillion Co., 111., Box
ijo, «I wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce, who at onc«
understood my suffering, and advi«ed me ta
take hit 'Favorite Prescription' and 'Golden
Medical Discovery,' and uec also his 'Lotion
T&blcU' and 'Suppositorict.' After using hi*
medicines eight or sine months I was com-
pletely oared. /
" I us erateful to Or. Pierce for his ad-rice and
the kin<f and encouraging 1 letters he wrote to'
toe. I would adriae any woman suffering with
fcmale diaeaae, to consult him. Prompt and
iw^eUful attention will be gives ana good
advice received by so doing."
The Common Sense Medical Adviser, j
jooS large pages in paper covers, is sent' '
free on receipt of .21 one-cent stamps to
pay expense of mailing only.' Address ,
£r. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y. j
|| A HO YAL SMOKE Jbass fishing at San Leandro Bay to-mor
row. _ . .
E.~ L. Goodman" and J. B. Kenniff will
try their luck on Castro Creek, near San
Pablo, to-morrow.- .-. . , v£. .
¦«';?*T L *i For . 8fe cam ,e down from, Tracked
on Wednesday. He reports the water
higher than In years past. The fishing
should be good about the middle of May
when- the snow, will have disappeared'
M n JF£ o £ he unas «any high water manv
big fish have come up from Pyramid
Lake, getting: over the dam. *«**««.
Charged With Robbery.
Charles Farrell and William A. Be*be
appeared In Judge Cabanlss' court yester
day on a charge of robbery. They wrre
instructed and arraigned .and the cas©
continued till Monday. They are accused
of stealing; $18 from, Frank Burnett, an
old man. at a saloon at 651 Sacramento
street, early yesterday morning:.
j The Grand Jury went into Judge Cook's
court yesterday morning: and placed on
file two indictments. One was against
Thomas Galvln for committing: perjury
while testifying at his trial before Judge
Cook for robbing and beating Mrs. Ellen
J. Foote in her rooms in the Hotel Elys
ium, and the other was against Joseph T
Finn, who testified fqr the defense at th©
same tr^al.
Indictments for Perjury.
IT Is not likely the trial races. between
the sloops Harpoon and Presto of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will take place
before next month.
The committee in charge of the matter
of defending the Perpetual Challenge
Cup, consisting ot Commodore E. P. Sa
gar and ex-Commodores J. W. Pew and
A. J. Young, when they are satisfied her
owners have reduced the racing length
of th.e Harpoon to 23 feet, will arrange a
series of trial races between her and
Frank Stone's yacht- A new suit of sails
has been ordered for the Presto, and no
racing will be done until these are ready.
The Presto has already been fitted with
a lead keel, for which she was originally
designed. It la likely that when she gets
her new; sails she will prove faiter than
ever. The older Corinthians are rather
disposed to pin their faith on. the Presto.
as they are familiar with her perform
ances, but do not feel certain about the •
result of changing the trim, altering the
sail plan and reducing: the ballast ot the
Harpoon.
The San Francisco Yacht Club commit
tee i3 working on Its entertainment for
opening day, which takes place on Satur
day, the 26th inst. A handsome souvenir
is being prepared for the occasion. It
will be illustrated with the portraits of
the officers of the club, the yachts, club
house and characteristic scenes. It will
also contain a history of the club, lists of
the members, the boats and their meas
urements.
The entertainment committee is sure of.
a fine jinks on opening: night, but Is not
desirous to give out the details at pres
ent. In the afternoon there will be
dancing in the main hall of the clubhouse
and a reception on board the yachts from
2:30 to 5:30. The lining and decoration ot
the main hall will be finished in readiness
for opening day and the members of Las
Amigas/Club will beautify the hall with
flowers and ferns. The entertainment
committee, consisting of William Mers
felder, W. Westwater, A. F. Broad. Dr.
T. L. Hill and G. Kilborn," promise an. ex
cellent jinks, invitations to which will be"
given out by the committee only.
The membership list of the San Fran
cisco Xacht Club is growing:, about
twenty-five names having: been added
since the beginning: of the year.
The sloop Rover, formerly owned by C.
C. Bruce, has been chartered for th© com
ing, season by W. H. Haley, Thomas Ha
ley, J. C. Haley and Samuel Rogers, and
is already at moorings off the Sausallto
clubhouse. •. ¦ > . : ¦
H. R. Slmpkins' yawl Tramontana Is not
yet in commission, but probably will be
so ere long:.
• The sloop Hope-, formerly owned by W.
Turnbull. but now by E* Bouquet of th©
California Yacht Club, came off thp
Berkeley mud flats and Is back at her
anchorage in- Oakland Creek without
suffering any serious v damage.
The sloop Occident will need consider
able repairs before she Is ready to cruisa
again. The sloop Lapwing: haa been
named. Dixie and is owned by Alfred Col- *
11ns. '.. .
I. and M. Zabrtskie' recently launched
the sloop Kitty, which haa an over-all
length of 30 feet 6 Inches and a load water
Una of 21 feet. .
The big sloop Mischief has been sold to
Robert A. and C. P. Dean, and will fly
the flag of the Corinthian Yacht Club^; It
13 said her owners propose to take an ex
tended cruise, visiting: several islands in
the South Seas. '
Commodore A. Dalton Harrison of the
Kncinal Yacht Club has prepared a pro
gramme containing twenty or more sail- '
ing events, but It is not likely - any of
these CTuises will be taken. The Enclnal
Tacht Club confines Itself to rowing:, ca
noeing, swimming: and various social
amusements.
. Commodore Philip Caduc of the Oakland
Canoe Club has issued a sailing - pro
gramme for the season, the opening cruise
taking place on May 4. The other events -
in May will be May U, race for the May
rtsch badge; May 18, cruise to Goat
Island and return; Decoration day» canoe
race for the Holiday Cup.
¦ . ._¦•-¦¦¦
Trials May Be Held Between
Sloops Harpoon and
Presto.
Amateurs at Sausalito and
Tiburon Make Ready
for Jinks.
YACHTING DAYS
DRAW RAPIDLY
NEAR AT HAND
- : Films, .plates,: papers, camefas.'.prlntlng
and ' developing. .. The best of everything
at; Sanborn, Vail's, 741 Market street. ?
Photographic ' Supplies.
Theclub expects to , be able to puta
talrly; strong ;team into the field | this sea
son, as ft has forty members j 1 on its i list.
Among these, < however, are some - who'
never play cricket, such as Rolla V.^Watt
John Lawson,: Edgar Alexander,-, William
Balnaves and Captain < . Jo"hh > - Metcalf e
The , roll . also . includes i. J.» Antrobus ' ¦>'¦
Bennion, G. W. BirdBall, H. C. ; Casldy'
On Sunday lapt a ' dozen J or ' more mem
bers of the Pacific Cricket . Club ' held , the
first practice of the season on the' grounds
at Webster street, Alameda. 1 . :
Opening Match of the Season Will Be
Played on Alameda Grotiind
;! 3ffay Fourth. .'. -.
CRICKETEKS ENGAGE '>: - :
' IN FIRST PBACTICE
Philip Carroll,. an employe o(. the Con
sumers Ice <5ompapy. . appeared for the
fourth time before Judge SIobs" yesterday
for contempt of court. The "Iceman" has
got so used to being cited for contempt
and being given over to the custody of
the Sheriff that he answers the citation
prepared to spend any length of time in
Jail. He appeared yesterday In the court
,with a~grip<jcontaining a change of rai
ment and a few belongings " calculated to
make his stay at the County Jail a com-'
fortable one. ( He was promptly "sent up"
by Judge Sloss. - • -, .
Carroll steadfastly refuses • to pay td
Christina Carroll, 'his divorced wife, $25 a
month alimony, as ordered by the court
until he has spent his "vacation,", as he
calls It. at the County Jail. He now owes
bis former wife $7^
Stubbornly Befuse3 -to Pay Alimony
' and Is , Punished for '
. . '. Contenipt.
PHILIP CABBOIil; APPEARS ;
IH COUBT^BEADT, FOB.^ JAIL
WITH clear weather there should be
good angling to-morrow in. the
nearby streams. • The Paper Mill
was high last Sunday and the water
was milky. The trout ought to take the
spinner to-morrow, , and after 10 o'clock
fly-fishing should be in order.; The ang
lers familiar with the stream recommend
the "black gnat," .. "black ant" and
"brown hackle."
W. A. ¦ L. Miller took a seven-pound
steelhead last Sunday near the" bridge at
Lagunltas.
• T. Rothschild and .W. Stevens fished
from Lagunitas to Camp Taylor, the
former taking twenty-four and the latter
thirty trout..
Charles Precht secured a three-pounder
at Tocaloma. .
Louis Rondeau and W. A. Cooper spent
the day near Nicaslo. ; The trout taken
¦were poor and. small. ..
. Holt , secured sixty near Point
Reyes on bait Saturday. .
John Siebe fished the Throckmorton la
goon, taking fifty-one trout on a fly .
¦^ Frank Dolliver, James Watt. E L.
Goodman, Bert Spring, L. V. Merle and
H: E. Pembroke spent Sunday on the
Paper Mill. . ¦
George -Walsh fished near Glen Ellen,
with poor results. - ¦
-Bruce Cornwall : and Mr. Hurlbut fished
the Soquel, near Santa Cruz, last Satur
da^*». The . former took forty-eight trout
and the latter forty-seven, j They were all
good-sized fish."
¥ p ».. at "^dependence Lake they are
catching trout, through holes cut in the
ice. They are all unusually large fish
averaging one and a quarter pounds each'
The trout are being shipped to thiscitv
at the rate of 300 pounds a day. y
From Sims, on the upper Sacramento
come reports of good sport with bait and
spoon* -
?w 5^ Ve 5n!?, n '- took t rout from
the Paper Mill, near Point Reyes, last
8 ?-«£ y - , Ab0 " t fif ty anglers left the train
at this place to. -whip the creek. .
j J. A. Pariser and J. Watt will try the
T r .HE home team has suffered a great
f loss". at the outset of the season.
- Nordyke is badly, injured , andmay
. ,. .be kept from, active service for sev
eral weeks. ..This will undoubtedly , crip
ple the team'," as Dyke is one of its inain»-
Btays.". "--.'., ¦ ¦ -V ¦'- ¦''.,'.•¦¦¦,-¦¦¦.'¦- . : '
There Is a blind fan over in Oakland
who enjoys the national pastime just as
much as the fortunate ones who are gift
ed - with perfect ¦] optics. He takes his
'stand behind; the" Oakland bench and
"hears the game" from the startito.the
finish. >. / ; ' : '. . -. . "•' ,
The Los .Angeles management has
placed old George Decker at first base.
Decker is confident he will.' again play
good ball," and. Morley seems to have faith
in him. •' The fans will be much gratified
If Decker makes good. . . , .
The Oaklands j are the home ; team this
week and' sport the white .togs*. The Oak
lands '• really have no regular grounds. and
have to ( take turns with the Ponies . at
Recreation Park. v : .
. Btg McCreedie of . Ewlng*s nine gets
over the bases like.' a deer for such a
lengthy : man. : .He got a three-bagger in
Thursday's- game and gave a good exhi
bition of the hot foot act. V ' ; : \
Pete Lohman has not begun to register
any, kicks yet. ¦ This is unusual, for Peta
is never. right unless he has a few objec
tions to make. , . *. -' - ¦';--• .•
Dunleavy has Improved 100 per cent over
his playing last season.*' If Dun '¦ • only
keeps it up he should be seen in big
league company by next year. ¦-""¦' ¦
.--The National League opened on Thurs
day I without * much fireworks. , When ¦ the
American ; League begins operations thero
will no doubt be some big doings.* v ,
; In last Wednesday's . game at j Oakland
Holly put a long drive out to center field
Walters went' after ; it : and it looked as
though. he failed . to . touch ..it-; with ¦• his
hands. ;.¦; The - \ scorer, however, ; charged
Walters with an error, and l did -. not give
Holly > a two-base hit. . - . - >
Oakland Has a Blind Fan
Who "Hears" the Game
'" Y .'-Played. -V^v'.
Trout Are Being Taken at
V Independence Lake in r
Numbers.
Injury to Nordyke Puts Him
Out of the Game
Temporarily.
Few Chances Are Afforded
for the Use of the
Dainty Fly. *
UNCLE'S TEAM
IS WEAKENED
BY ACCIDENT
ANGLERS AWAIT
CLEAR WATER
IN STREAMS
HIGH-CLASS DOGS, REPRESENTATIVE OF VARIOUS WELL-KNOWN
\ BREEDS, WHICH WILL, BE BENCHED IN MECHANICS' PAVILION
I NEXT WEDNESDAY AT THE KENNEL<CLUB SHOW..
The schedules of" the matches for- the
season -have been *; issued -'and ,' the first
match -will take place on Sunday,- May
4, at 'Alameda,. between the Alameda and
Pacific. teams. There will be a net prac
tice to-morrow on. the Alameda .ground;
beginning. at 10:30 a. nr. ; ,,. — .% ,, ,
¦Harold Richardson, who played last sea
son ;j. with the • Pacific Club, is this year
included: on the roll of .the Santa Cruz
Cricket -Club. As he lives at Baker'sfleld
it is not likely he will play in more than
one or two matches during the year.
¦ The Alameda roll includes the following
names: Edward Brown, J. Brown. H. w.
Brown .-. Charles Banner, Harry, « Bert and
John Bird, A. ¦ E. Chivers, F. ; J., George
and John Croll, A. Dickenson, W. G. Fort
•mann, J. . Guild, R;vB. Hamilton.'Robert
B.. Hogue, . J. J. ;Moriarity,' W. "< H. Mc-
Naughton, "Arthur^Price, W. J.Richter,
J. , W. Roberts, J. H. Saundera,- V. See
be'ck,; F. -A. Stahl/ Harold. Ward and A.
Willis. . . ;. >.;,- ; •¦
'•' The Pavilion will be ; decorated with
palms and flowers, ; unusuar efforts being
made to have' an artistic exhibition. The
kennels will . be decorated, as .usual, ' by
the" exhibitors . of. dogs'. ¦¦¦".' ¦•;.? '¦¦ '¦•
The. California Coursing Committee will
have officials 'at the greyhound exhibit- to
explain the fine points of. the celebrated
dogs which will be benched there.
C. P. Coles. W. Franken,' J. H. Harbour,
H. H. Hatfleld, : C. B. ul\\,- D. Jamieson,
W. Jamieson, B. : A. M. Lannowe, E. T.
Langdale, J. B. McNamara.-J.N. .Mat
thews, C. J. Marshall, E-. C. Musson,|John
Myers, A. McBoyle, . W. Petherick, L.
Sandllands. W. G.iSelwood, F. Sewell, J.
Storrs, V. P. Soll6m, C. Stapleton, B. J.
Stratton, C. Simmonds, George Theobald,
J. J.: Theobald, T. J.* A. Tiedemann, A.
W. Wilding, George Wiseman. W. Powell
and G... S. McCallum. ,. It should not be
difficult to moke ' up a j good- team from
these, • -•'•" ¦¦'¦•'¦'. :¦.¦¦¦¦- ¦'•¦ -¦ -¦.¦>¦¦-¦
Commander Herbert Winslow of the U.
S. S. Solace has entered his Pekinese
spaniel, or sleeve dog, for competition.
The Scotch terriers owned by Dr. Ewlng
of Webster Grove, Mo., have arrived. . .
Among the Eastern dogs here are, three
bulldogs, five: Boston terriers and! , two
Irish terriers "from Joseph Meddan of
New York. ":•'. - ; :•....:'.-' -... ' >
Mrs. G. Steadman Thomas of Hamilton,
Mass., has sent a King Charles spaniel.'
F. H. Farwell's kennel- of fox terriers
from Orange, Tex., have. arrived.
George A. Cranfleld, the judge of grey
hounds, will have his hands full when the
dogs are taken into the ring. "There is a
record entry of coursing dogs, and many
of, them are of the highest class. Two
winners. of. the John Grace challenge cup,
Luxor and Sacramento Boy, are • among
the entries. They will meet Palo Alto in
the" competition for the best greyhound in
the. show. Rural Artist (imp.), Royal
Archer, A. J.' Martin and other, cracks
will also have to be reckoned -with.
The majority of the Eastern dogs will
have reached this city to-night. The dogs
now on the northern circuit of bench
shows are due here on Monday. •'
sixth annual show. This exhibition,
the largest of its kind ever held in the
West, gives promise of being a. marked
success. It will open next Wednesday In
Mechanics' Pavilion. . " • '.'<
FROM. all points of the compass dogs
are headed for this city to take part
In the San Francisco Kennel Club's
Frank Jones has bought Tyrone" Prince
Lady Newark, Funston and Emin Bey
J. L.., Ross has returned from Texas
with his string of dogs. , He found con
ditions there different to -what -he hid
been accustomed . to here - and , cut - short
his visit. .-. ; . . ¦.'¦¦- ..; ' ... ... .
Open stake— Mose. Flora McDonald, Anchor
Olita, Fenii, Liberator,. "Royal Archer Little
Sister, Rona, Mamie Pleasant. Melrose Lad
Sempronius, Ireland, Lear Kingr, Herschel's
Pride. Harlean Gladys; Roy Hughle. Old Iron
sides, Fair Oaks. Lost. Chord, Gllmore - Forest
Qu^en. Pepita, Sir Pasha, Clarice, Fly by
Night, Tyrone -Prince, La Belle, Cascade
Lilac, Golden Garter- and Wedgewood.
A For Freedom-Nancy R puppy, sold by
"Doc" Rike to a Texas coursing-man
won a puppy stake there recently, in sen
sational style. It led everything it' met
several lengths. The remainder of the
litter is owned in tWs city, J. H. Rosset»r
having one puppy in his kennel; while
Rike has four. A dog puppy, considered
the best of the litter, was killed toy a
tiain near Baden.' , . ,. , ¦•. •..-..,
Reserve etake— Lord Granard, O'Hara. Black
ford Lad, Lady Chiqulta, Little Jim, New
Moon Statesman, Delia M, Toronto, Master
Bljr, RUey Grannan. Lady Granard, Reral At
tiro, Bridget Cleary, Vagrant and Miss Shir
ley. ¦ " -¦ -.' ¦' -¦¦ . ¦ •- -. i '•;-
Champion stake — Mcrrlmac, Vandal, Rural
Artist, Beacon, Rector, Homer Boy,- Tame
Tralee and Palo Alto. -,-,
Puppy stak« — Medea, Creswlck, Nancy Till
The probable winners look to be:
The two old rivals are somewhat of an
unknown quantity. While they have
shown slashing private trials, the testa
of competition may develop a weak spot
in their condition. Beacon meets A. J.
Martin in his first course, and the win
ner of this, is expected to be good enough
to capture the long end of the purse.
The winner of the stake will receive
$250; runner-up, $150; next two. at $100 each
and next four at $50. The dogs beaten in
the first round by the ultimate winner
and the runner-up will each receive $25.
Of the original sixteen entries "ten will
receive some part of the purse. : . v -•
Of the four stakes which go to make up
the card the reserve will be run in its en
tirety to-day. One round, of the open
stake and several rounds of the puppy
6take will also be run. The champion
stake and the remainder of the other two
stakes will. make an attractive card for
to-morrow. . • ...
brought Beacon anu Palo Altoout of
their retirement, and they will meet the
best of the dogs which have been win
ning recently.
CHAMPION greyhounds will meet to
morrow at Union Coursing Park in
an important event. The stake- has
Champion Stake at Union
Park Draws Them From
Retirement. ¦ '
Artistic Decorations to Be a
. Feature of 'the Ex
,:¦.. ' hibition.
Palo Alto, Beacon, Rector and
Other Cracks to Meet
I Again.
Majority. Will Have Been
'Received Here by
, To-Night.-
The high jump will be close - between
Henley. and Bell of Stanford and Cooley,
Powell and Cheek of California, . Hussey
and Topham of California and Bell and
Henley of Stanford will be the main con
testants in the broad jump. Berkeley
looks for first place through Hussey. : -
Stanford should .get the pole vault' If
Henley's ankle is not too bad. Wllcox of
California should follow him for second
place.
The winner of the relay la hard;to se
lect. Each university has several men en
tered, although but four will take part on
a side. California has such athletes as
Service, Cadogan. Brown, Powell, Ligda,
Howard and others to choose from, while
Stanford has Dunn, Smith, Crossman,
Dole, Davis, Fowler and others.
Plaw has the hammer throw without
doubt, but in the shot put the contest be
tween him and Hyde of Stanford will be
close. The outcome is doubtful. Hartline
and Albertson of California stand good
chances for. second and third in the ham
mer throw. ._."-.' V
Cadogan is picked the first place man
In the 100 .and 220 yard dashes. Abadie
and Brown should- show up well in both,
although McCaughern of Stanford is gen
erally conceded a place in each event. ¦
In the hurdles California looks for the
first two places through Cheek and Pow
ell. Hannigan has been coming up In his
work and may also score.
The 440 yard dash Is conceded to ! Stan
ford, which has Smith and Dunn for win
ners. Either Ligda, Howard, Adler or
Kuster should get third at least.. Powell
and Service are entered, but will probably
not compete.
In the two mile run Tibbetts and West
dahl are picked for first and second places
for . California. Service is expected to
win the half-mile, with Stanford probably
second and third.
In the mile run California looks for first
place through Redewill, with possible sec
ond and third by Woods and Graves. Ser
vice Is entered, but not expected to run.
California's men, taken as a whole, are
In good condition. The past two weeks
have been spent in training on the soft
surface of the Alameda' speedway and
this has relieved^ the soreness caused by
training on the ' hard cinders. Service,
Cadogan and Powell are important excep
tions of the general rule of "good condi
tion." Cadogan has "shln-spllnt,"/ caused
by work on the hard tracK. Service is
not. up to his usual form and Powell has a
bad knee. Their conditions will not keep
them out of the field day and the first two
named, at least, are expected to win their
events.
BERKELEY, April 18.— California ex
pects to win' at Palo Alto to-morrow and
to win by no uncertain ecore. The athletes
are confident of it and the students have
no doubts in their minds. They concede
Stanford some points and even first
places, but they expect an easy victory
with all that.
California Expects to Win.
If either of the two contests result In a
cardinal victory it should be the tennis
match. Harry Weihe, the only former
varsity tennis player in college, will ap
pear in both singles and doubles, and on
him the hppes for a Stanford victory
must be pinned. Cleveland H. Baker, *03,
will be the other singles man. He plays
a hard, steady game, but has hardly
shown himself to be In a class with Mac-
Gavin, against whom he will be pitted.
Trainer "Dad" Moulton does not ex
pect his, men to win the field day from
the California team, but there are some
events In . which he feels confident the
Stanford men will come to the front. Ar
thur S. Henley, '04, does not expect to en
ter any of the events, as the risk of fur
ther injuring his ankle would be too
great. This, means a loss of several
points to Stanford, as Henley was count
ed on to be the cardinal's strongest point
winner. Smith, '03, and uunn, '04, will
compel the California man who expects
to win the quarter-mile run to put up an
exceedingly fast race. Both men have
made the distance in :52 2-5. Stanford
will also have a fast relay team, as there
is an abundance of good material to draw
from. t
and California— the first being the
tennis tournament on the California Club
courts In San FrancUco and the second
the annual track meet, which will take
place on the Stanford oval. Stanford has
neither expectation nor prospect of win
ning either, but the respective teams are
prepared to put up their best efforts. ;
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 18.—
To-morrow two intercollegiate con
tests will occur., betweeen Stanford
FAST COURSERS
ENTERED IN A
CLASSIC EVENT
EASTERN DOGS
ARE ARRIVING
FOR THE SHOW
University of California Con
ceded to Have the Bet
ter Team.
Athletes Will Meet in the
Annual Intercollegiate
Games.
The first regatta to be given by the Dol
phin Boating Club will take place on Sun
day, May 4. and will consist of barge
races. The second regatta will consist of
outrigged skiff races and the committee
In oharse will ask the club to offer a
medal for novice*, to be competed for be
fore the race for the medal presented by
President J. S« Earls. \
The member*" of the South End Row-
Ing Club are displaying a good\deal of
activity and a large number, freauent the
boathouse on Sundays. '¦
It is probable a four-oared shell race
will be on the Lake Merritt programme,
as the University of California Boating
Association now possesses a shell, and
the South End Rowing Club has one
which will probably be overhaulded and
put Into commission.
S. J. Pembroke thinks it would be well
to soend less money in trophies^ and de
vote more to bringing crews from other
cities to compete at the annual regattas.
If transportation and hotel expenses can
be guaranteed, it will be possible to get
crews from Stockton and also from As
toria to enter the Lake Merritt races.
The president of the Merchants' Exchange
of Oakland has appointed G. W. Arper.
Theodore Gier. D. C. Brown, A. D. Sin
clair and Wilbur Walker a committee on
preparation for the celebration on. July 4.
The Alameda Boating Club has decided
to open the season on Sunday, May 20,
with barge, shell and skiff races,- swim
ming contests and other aquatic cports,
such as walking the greasy pole and chas
ing the duck. Music will be provided by
the Alameda Band. The day's •proceed
ings will start at 10 in the morning. Five
junior barge crews have been made up.
No. 1 consisting-of George Renner, bow;
Fred Farrar, No. 2; Fawn Natt, No. 3;
Lawrence Chevalier, stroke, and Roy
West, cockswain. Crew No. ,2 Is made up
of W. Burnham, bow; F. Brown, No. 2;
James J. Jeffries, No. 3; Charles Hague,
etroke, and Bert Cameron,-, cockswain.
Crew No. 3 comprises Chauneey Pratt,
bow; Roy Platt, No. 2; Andrew, Webb,
No. 2; George Schroeder, stroke, and Roy
West, cockswain. In the 105-pound crew,
Manowa Brown is bow; J. Hammond, -No.
6; Bert Cameron, No. 3; George Tupper,
stroke, and Carson Donnelly, cockswain
William Bhreve, bow; Edward Lenihan
No. 2; T. Reeves. No. 3: ;Edward' ¦Wil
liams, stroke, and Roy West, cockswain
make up the Academic crew. The Ala
meda Boating Club has orSered three new
pleasure yawls from Jules Hartman, who
will have them ready in about a month "
The committee in chargeof the iiind for
builtJtnr a new boathouse -for the Ariels
has been increased and will give another
boxing entertainment on May 7. James
Wilson will be matchmaker arid the tour
nament will take place in the annex to
the Mechanics' Pavilion. '
As the club now owns a new outrigged
skiff, it will be represented in the ski!I
races at the annual regatta on Lake Mer
ritt. At a meeting held at the Mer
chants' Exchange, Oakland, on Tuesday
night. Captain S. J. Pembroke presented
a letter from Percy E. Btowell on behalf
of the Portland Rowing Club, stating that
the Oregonians hope to have representa~
tives present at the Lake Menitt regatta.
The Portlanders, however, have already
arranged to send two four-oared crews,
junior and senior single scullers and also
competitors in the double sculling race to
the annual regatta of the North Pacific
Association of Amateur Oarsmen, which
will be held at Nelson, B. C. As the ex
penses connected with that event will be
heavy, the Portlanders will be unable to
visit San Francisco unless their trans
portation and hotel bills are paid. If the
Oakland committee will do this, the club
will send a four-oar and a single
Bculler. If the arrangements can be made,
the Portland Rowing Club will send down
the best available oarsmen, as they are
anxious to have a really good trial of
strength with the rowing men of Cai
fornia. The Portlanders have no barges,
but are willing to row a barge race if they
can set the loan of one.
There was a large attendance of mem
ters at the Olympic boathous© last
Sunday and on Monday night several of
the men went through exercises at the
Olympic Club. Captain S. J. Pembroke has
picked out a new crew for the junior barge,
which will race against other crews in
the monthly regattas.
THE prospect for an active rowing
season is good, notwithstanding the
fact that some of the clubs are
handicapped by lack of quarters.
Five Crews Are in Practice
on Creek and Four at '
North Eeach.
COLLEGE MEN
ON THE FIELD
AT PALO ALTO
Portlanders W:sh to Send
Shell Four to Races
at Oakland.
BOATING MEN
LOOK FORWARD
TO FINE SEASON
DOGS FROM AFAR ARE HEADED FOR SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB SHOW
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY^ APRIL. 19, 1902.
4THEOAl.L. ; SRAblNGr'FORM.OHART
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, April 18.'— Weather fine.' Track fast
3017. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, ' $325. '
Index Horse and Weight. St. %¦ ' %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O^?" 11 }^*.
(3572) Solinus ......... .119 3 1 1%1 3 1 4 ' 1 8 L. Levy 1 . Donnelly "~6^5 ~l
3000 El Pilar ...122 7 .6 hnllC 6 % 2 1% Los Gatos Stablc.Bozmn 3 7
3431 Rlonda ..114 6 5% 5% 7 1 3n R. Hughes. .J. McCarthy 20 7
8347 Mike Murphy.... :119 5. 4n.,4h 2h 4 4. J.-Nell. . .:. Howson 20 100
359G Axminster ..122 8 8 2.9; 8 1 B'n' W. D. Randall .. Spargur 4 8
3523 Senator Bruce.... 122 2 ,-2 h. % 3 1% 3 h 6 3 Clayton & Co... .L Daly 6 12
3£>»3 Ann'* Max. ::..v. 1J2 0 :. 9r .: z.7 M 0 -; _\1 3 ; P. Sheridan. J.. Desmond 20" 40
3520 Dwight.Way 11? 174 8 1 58 8 h V. Gilbert Vickery 8 20
21T© Snooze ......... ..112 4 33 ,24 41 9; ' A. B. Spreckels.-.Troxler 10 6
3473 Robt. Bonner II.. 114 Left -..: ...¦-... p. e. Smith See 30 80
Tim jT %f : ?. 4 r! /4: T :«;%.l:01M. Straggling start. 'Won easing up. Second and third
S?.\&*-'. Wlnne D. X *' I i? yB « b - *' *>y -fndlo-Edith. Solinus lost his field from the start.
.j^^j^J^J^,^^ Child 112. Baldo 110.
3618. SECOND RACE-^-Four furlongi; Bcillng; 1^ two- year-olds; to first. $325.
Index Horse and' Weight. St. %. %.-''' Str. :Fln. Owner and Jockey. Qp?" 1^".
,!S?i % yl n 1^ Talbot.... 100 3 ..., : 11U1 1% 1 3 B. Schrelber Troxler *~B^2 JTi
( I^P BeU Keed 110 2 ••• -c 2 >3i 2n 2n W. L. Stanfleld... .Hoar 4-6 3-5
5?2a Amoruna_........ 94 B ; ... >;8 6 3 4 3 2% Burns & Waterhs-.Butler 20 30
S»00 Georgie West..... 07 1 ... '4 5 45 45 Chlnn & Forsyth..Donnly 7 10
.3007 Jockey Club 112 6 ... 6 % 6 6 5 1% W. Fisher. .. ,...L. Daly 200 300
.... Nabuco.... ..102 7 ... 7' 5 V ¦_ .. 6 10 Elmwood Farm..Sheehan 100 200
Esforzada :..1O2 4 ... : 6 n . 7 : 7 Baldwin & Co.. Bozeman 50 .30
Tlm t~ 1 £- : . 24:^^i : t 8 \, Fair start. Won easily." Second and third driving. Winner, B.
Schrelber s ch. f. by Balgowan- Parolee. Bell Reed out In front in a number of false break
aways, but when the barrier finally was sprung he was away poorly. Amoruna is small
but speedy. Georgie West gave It up. Scratched— Fire Dance 94, Tamm 106, Nigrette 99.
Tne Forum 110. Iriv-". V. .-*-.;;-,;. .',.;¦ *
8010. THIRD RACE— Seven -furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. ' . ¦
I™*" Horse. Age, » Weight. St. %. | %. • Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ; 6p? t " B Cl.
l*M fl y - *••••••••••• -1" 2* 23 3 % 1 n 1 % D. M. Hanlon.. Bozeman "Til 9^5
35<9 Matt Hogan. 6... .111 5 4% 2n2n 2 1% Magrane & Co.. Frawley 9-5 11-5
3506 Golden Light. 4. .108 4 3 n 4 % 8 1 3 l£ R. t: Doefner Hoar. 6 7
3530 Silver Fizz. 5. ...109 6 6 .65 6845 P. Corrigan Donnelly 12 15
8382 Young Morello. 5..114 1 1 % 1 1% 4 % 5 10 W. Scharetg ....See 60 150
.... Alms Giver. 5 111 2 6 n 6 .6 6 W. D. Randall.. Spargur 20 40
S5S5 Dr. Boyle. 6 Ill Left ... ... ... j. c. Nealon Conley 3 18-5
Tlm »T~ %> '¦£*&• P :49%: %1 1:18 H: %.• 1:28%. Poor start. Won first three driving.
\V Inner, D. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Racine- Aurella II. Sly nicely ridden and best. Trifle
too much weight on Matt Hogan. Silver Fizz outfooted. Dr. Boyle acted badly at the
post. Scratched— Meehanus 119. The Hoodoo 106.
363O. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4,-year-oIds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. %'. < Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. (^"'cfl'.
3601 Marlneuse, 4 111 ij iU 13 1 1% 1 h J. Conway Troxler "~~4 ~8
3553 Mike Rice, a.. ..114 2 2 1% 2 1% 2 1% 2 1 T. E. McLaughlln.Conly 10 15
86S3 Alfred C. 5......117 44h 4n 8h 31 F. Phillips.. .J. Sheehan ' 8 15
358.-J Lief Prince, 4..;. 114 98%5h4n 4% William Cahill.....Hoar 5 0-2
35G7 Har. Thatcher, 6.. 114 3 7% 0% 7 1.-5 2 W. Johnson ...*.. Fogg 15 30
8575 Rasp. 4 11114 12 % 7 1 8 2 6 % J. Green Donnelly 5 8
35.S9 Matilda O, 4.....I02 (t 6 1 8% 6% 71 H. C. Ahlers. Knapp 6 6
339« Benora Caesar, 6.. 105 13 9 4 6 2-91 84 Elmwood Farm.. .Butler 20 16
Zi*2 Rio\ Chlco, 6. ....107 7 6 % 11 1 10 3 9 1 O. A. Tolle See 20 15
3601 Gold Baron. 0 114 12 11 n 12 11 10 4 H. L. Haskell Bell 20 60
3C09 Fondo. 4 .... 11111 13 5 10 3 12 112 P. G. Lynch . ..Frawley 15 20
SC09 Devereux. 5 114 1 18 8h- 5h 12 10 S. Merrlwether Prior 5 4
S671 St. Rica. 4. ......104 10 10 h IS. 13 13% J. P. Atkln L Daly 8" 20
8539 Morinel. a 112 15 13 3 14 -14 14 3 . M. Storn Bozeman 10 20
3587 Qulbo, 4 .... 106 5 15 15 15 15 Evans & Price. .Vickery 15 • 2Q
Time— Vt. :23%; %, :49; %. 1:15%: 6%f. 1:22%. ; Good start. , Won first three driving
Winner. J. Conway's b. g. by Mariner- Petroleuse. Winner excellently ridden. Mike Rico
made a gams ., effort. Alfred C well ridden.. Rasp came from far back. Devereux "blew
up." St. Rica ho account. t. . -!¦•¦ ' '.- . '.
3(J21. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Flirtation handicap; 3-year-olds & up; to first, $400.
Index|Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op?^ *<?!.
3592 Flush of Gold, 5.. 100 76h 6%8h In Owen Bros. Hoar 6 8
3002 Bragg, 3 ........ 75 8 7 2 3 n 2 h" 2 % Curl & Co.... W. Knapp 20 20
8002 Hagerdon. 6 107 2 1 n 1 % 1 n 3 1 H. L. Frank... ..Troxlerl 5 7
(3602) La Goleta, a. ...108 3 3 % 4 1 5n 4n Baldwin & Co. .Bozeman 5-*> a
3590 Varro, 4 ..92 1 -9 9 6 % 5 % Geo. W. Miller.. Sheehan 20 15
(3560) Constellator, 5 ..107 4 5 2 8 4 7 % C 3 T. H. Ryan Vickery 2 2
(3585) Dlvlna, 3. ...... .103 5 4 n 0 1. 82, 7 2 El Prlmero Stable. ..See 6 6
¦358P Rubus, 3 ........ 98 9 8 1% 7 % 9 8 4' Chlnn & Forsythe.Donley 8 15
3602 Byron Rose. 4. ..101 6 2 2 2 2% 4 % 9.. Ray Wilson. ... ,L. Daly 8 15
Time— M, :23%; %, :48%; %, 1:14%; %, 1:27. Good start. Won first three driving. Wln
ner. Owen Bros/ ch. m. by Royal Flush-Gold Cup. Flush of Gold a clever one with light
weight up. Bragg nearly turned, out "the Joker.'.' Hagerdon raced Byron Rose to a stand
still and then . grew weary himself. ' Constellatcr cut off on back stretch and pocketed
Divina badly handled. £ -^ _ : . _ . . ¦¦
3K22. SIXTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three- year-olds and up; to first. $325.
________ — — — —^ . . . * I
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St: %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "cf.
(.1003) Wolhurst, a'.... .110 4 624%lh 11 J. McMichael.... .Conley " 1 9.5
(.'1M)6) McNamara, 5 .:.1O7 6 7 2 6 1 2 n 2 % '¦' Magrane & Co. .Frawley 7 8
3603 Expedient, 6 ....104 2 8 182 4%, 3% P. E. Smith See 8 8
8603 Larry Wilt, 3.... 88 0 31 3% 3 1 .4 4 T. H ; Stevens. ...Knapp - 3 18-5
860.°. L. Meddlesome. 6.105 1 In 1 h 5 1 5 % A. G. Blakeley. Donnelly 6 1 7
3610 El MIdo. 6.... ...107 5 91926162J. S. Campbell.. Bozeman 10 20
3609 Klckumbob, 5 ...107 7 5 % 5 1% 7 2 ' 7 % N L. O. Walz. .Burllnsrame 15 30
3010 Merops, 0 104 10 10 10 9 2 8 5. ••' F. ,D.\ Weir . . .. . . .Hoar 8 12
3505 Lena, a •:..... ...108 3 4 n 7 3 ' 8 1 9 6 F. T. Nlcholls... Vickery 10 . 10
3496 Sunello. 5 -104 8 2-2%2 1%10 10 M. Storn .......L. Daly 10 20
Time— %, :24%; %..:49; %. 1:15%; m. .1:42%: 1 l-16m, 1:4!). Good start. Won cleverly
: Second and third driving. Winner, J. McMichael's b. g. by Ventilator- Nutbrown Win
ner best. Larry Wilt quit. So did Lady. Meddlesome.- Lena cut oft. El Mido compelled
to go the overland. Scratched — Straggler 113. Plan 104, Galanthus 100. * - ¦ v
CHICAGO. April IS.— "Wild Bill" Han
r rahan. the pugilist, <Jl*d at C a. m. to-day
at the County Hospital ' of pneumonia.
Hanrahan was about to enter ' the ring
lome days since when it-was discovered
he was ill. A doctor was called and dis
covered the pugilist had a temperature of
104. He was Immediately sent to the hos-
Hanrahan, the Pugilist, Dies.
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
First race-rNellie Holton, ] Billisis',
Bill Bohmanson. ' "'
Second race— Our Pride, Jingler,
Yankee Lass.
•: ',_ Third race— Doublet, Glendenning,
February.;,;.:; .; ¦'¦)' : i : t '¦,-;¦' ' ¦¦'.,' ;. " ¦' ':
Fourth race— Grafter, Oscar Tolle;
Compass.
Jackson Forces Creedon to Quit.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 18.— Dan Cree
don quit at the end of the fifth round of
a fight with "Young Peter Jackson" ' here
to-night. He- claimed Jackson's stomach
punches had made him sick and he was
unable to continue the fight. As the gong
struck for the sixth round Bobby Dobbs,'
one "of Creedon's seconds, stood In front
ofCreedon and told Referee Charley
White' of New York that Jackson's stom
ach punches had made Creedon so sick at
the stomach that he ; was unable to con
tinue the fight. Creedon nodded assent.
The referee announced to the spectators
that Creedon was a sick man; that Jack
son's stomach punches were too much for
him, and he believed before the light had
gone another, round he would- be com
pelled to stop it. *
.. CHICAGO. - April IS.— Buddy Ryan
knocked out Young Mowatt; after two
minutes of fighting in the second round
here to-night. They were fighting to de
cide who shall get a • match with Young
Corbett. As Corbett, has already agreed
to meet the winner of to-night's bout. In
all 1 probability Ryan and the champion
will come together for a six-round contest
in '¦ Chicago/'agRgspseangK^MBHMHHaHlAP
DENVER, April . 18.— Rube Smith • of
Denver ¦- to-night : defeated Eddie: Toy of
California '¦• before } the Centennial Club.
The : decision was given after ten rounds
of lively fighting. HSBR
: • NEW. TORK; S April , 18.— The ; National
Sporting . Club of • London has signified its
intention. of bidding for the mill between
Jim Jeffries and' Bob Fitzsimmons. The
officials have decided to offer a purse of
$15,000 for, : the eventl Dr.\ Ordway,- repre
senting the club in this country, this aft
ernoon received" a , cable dispatch from
Matchmaker Bettinson to this effect. If
the offer is accepted by the, rival pugilists
the club will allow; them $1000 each for ex
penses. f^The." clubt Is desirous of holding
the mill,! which is to be limited to twenty
rounds, on Derby, night, June 2. I
!; It was the' original intention of the club
to | have ,the men J meet during' the ' fistic
carnival, : which is to be held during the
last i week in June. "They realized / the
match would be a better card. for Derby
night. This is the largest purse <¦ ever of
fered by this club for a fight. Ordway! to
day notified Billy Delaney :of the offer
and exaects ' a . favorable reply.
Jockey Henry Pilots Two Winners.
. , PARIS, April 18.— W.', K. Vanderbilt's
Francisque,\ridden : by Buchanan!. (Ameri
can),'" finished « second ' to-day, i in^ the race
for the Prix Gamin, at" the Maisoh Lafltte
meeting. "¦ iulltonv Henry (American) . won
two (firsts;; Buchanan won two, seconds
and' Mclntyre • (American) won one first
olacedurlng theday's racine."
NATIONAL SPORTING CLTJB -
' -BIDS FOB,* THE BIG FIGHT
"HAM" IBUBG PITCHES
GOOD BALIi IN THE EAST
Holds Down the New York Giants to
Five Hits and Wins for
v >;: Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA. April 1R— "Ham" Iburg
the Fan Francisco pitcher, was In the box for
tha - home team to-day and pitched winning
ball. He held the Giants down to five hits
The score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 0200050 x— 9 11 2
New York 0 1000000 1—2 5 2
nattcrics— Iburg and Dora; Kennedy and
Yecger.
NEW YOR7C. April IS. — Score:
*R. H. E.
Borton 0 0 0 10 0 2 1 0 4 9 5
Brooklyn 11080000 x— 10 2 il
Batteries— Ma'.arkey and Kittredge; Newton
and Ahcam. ,
CINCINNATI, April 18.— Score: ..
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2 10 ¦ 3
Chicago ...00500000 0— 6 » ]-, 3
Batteries — Glendon, Heisman ¦ and Bergen;
Mentfee and Chance. /
ST. ' LOUIS. , April ; 18.— Score :
PitUburg . ;" ;......:............. . r. '.'.', 0
St. Louis ; — 0
'Game called end of.' second Inning: rain.'"
, : Fifth . race— Killdoe, King Dellis,'
MacFlecknoe. • ¦";' .-'
Sixth race — Diomed, Bab, Quadra.
8596 Billy 'Moore.. 100 3621 Byron Rose.. 110
3505 Glendenning .100 -3604 February ..;.1O5
(3502) Doublet .120
"Fourth race — One mile; handicap; 'three
year-olds and, upward.
3604 Oscar" VTolle . .110 3340 Grafter ..110
3006 Elmer L ,...100 3595 Compass ....'. 96
(3383)Jennie Reid... 104 3610 Gawalne .....114
3611 Baldo ... ... 00 3606 UUoa ... ....107
3620 Matilda O ...102 3571 Bob Palmer.. 105
.< Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; three'-year
olds and 'upward. '...'•
(3C01)Klng Dellis ' . .114 3572 MacFleckrioe 1111
3479 M. Peeress ..05 3609 Our Lizzie... 100
3503 Cathello ..... 95 3508 Skip Me ....106
3508 Intrepldo 108 ,3372 Hilary ......111'
3370 Algarcta ....109 3616 First Shot ..111
3611 Sir Claus ...07 3575 Satan ... ....Ill
3467 Berendos ."..".108 3417 Sea Lion ....114
3005 Killdoe ...' . .,97
Sixth race— On« mile; \ selling; ' three-year
olds and upward. ¦'.'¦, ¦ i '.-£¦'. ¦ '.'
P5S9)Bab ... ......106 3509 The Elk ..;..108
3616 Dlomed : . . '• .112 3612 Headstrong . ,' 03
3527, Geo Dewey :108 2930 Disturber ....112
3587 Rainier V... ..112 3616 Frank Woods.112
3580 Quadra ... . . 01 3003 Decoy ..... .112
3413 Urchin ... ...112. 3620 Rio Chlco ...112
3467 Loyal S... :..1O8 3606 Billy Lyons '.103
Hickey of Sacramento Proves Easy
Hark for the Batsmen.
LOS ANGELES. April 18.— Hickey of
the Sacramentos was an easy mark for
the home team to-day, while McPartlin
was effective after the second inning.
Hickey might have held the locals down
to a closer score had his support been
good. Ragged fielding and lack of team
work were the most notable feature? of
the Senators' playing. Anderson of Los
Angeles was the star batter of the day,
finding Hickey for two three-baggers and
a single. Fisher will try his new pitcher
Thomas to-morrow. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, «s ••• 4 10 0 4 3 0
Haniivan. If 5 1 2 0 0 0 0
Atherton. rf .4 2 2 2 1 9 0
H.yjiwholdor. cf..., 4 1 3 0 3 0 0
Raymer. 2b 3 1 1 133 0
Reillr. 3b 4 13 0 0 3 0
Docker lb 4 0 0 0 9 0 2
Anderson, c 4 13 0 6 0 0
UcPartlin, p 4 0 0 0 1 5 C
Totals 1...38 8 14 3 27 14 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan 3b ..." S 1 2 0 2 3.0
Doyle, 2b 4 1 1 0 4,20
Uebsamen, cf .4 0.1 01 0 0
Birmingham, lb 4 0 0 0 8 1 0
Frary. rf 4 0 3 0 1 1 0
Graham, c 2 1 0 03 1 1
McCarthy. II 3 10 0 1 0 0
Iiriscno. us.: 3 0 1 0 2 7 1
Hickey, p 4 0 0 0 1 00
Totals ...33 4 S 0 '23 15 2
•Decker out. hit by ball at third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo* Angeles 0 0 2 1 3.2 0 0 x— 8
Uase hits 1 2 3 2 2 2 11 x— 14
Sacramento 1 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 — 4
Bit*- hXs 0 2 0 13 0 0 11—8
Sr.'MMARY.
Runs responsible tor — McPartfin 2, Hlckey
«. T*r*«-'-i.«!e hits — Anderson 2. Householder.
Two-bace lrif — Reilly. Frary. Sacrifice h:t» —
HebRanwn, Graham, M'XTarthy. First base on
error? — Los AngPlo? I. Sacramento 2. First
base on called ball*— Off McPartlin 2, oft*
Hlckey 1. Left on base* — Los Angeles 5, Sac
ramento 7. Struck out — By McPartlin 5, by
Hlckey t. Hit by pitcher — Raymer, Doyle.
Double plays — McPartlin to Toman to Decker;
Krarr to Dcyle: BriM^io to Birmingham to
Shofthan. Passed bails — Anderson, Graham.
Time of game — One hour and flfty-flve min
utes Umpire — McDonald.
AlTGEXS DEFEAT SENATORS.
Track Notes.
This will be "Milroy day" at Oakland
track. Complimentary badges will not
be honored. The entire gate receipts, in
addition to all privilege money received
by the association,, will be donated to
the fund for the benefit of the family of
the late secretary of the New California
Jockey Club, Robert B. Milroy. As stated
before, no limit is set on the amount a.
purchaser may give for a ticket. To
date, the advance sale of single admis
sions amounts tol nearly' $1700: In addi
tion to the names already published the
following sums were received for tickets
at- the track office yesterday: P. Corri
gan, $10; P. Ryan, $10; cash, $20: cash,
$10; J. F. Reynolds, $5; Ed Fay, $5; Ed
Purser, $5; B. J. Johnson, $10; Jack
Dinue, $5: Judge Quinn, $5; George Rose,
$50; Frank Leavitt, $5; C. H. Ledgett, $5;
Ferris Hartman, $10; Frank Phillips, $5;
Mrs. Sam Ralney, $10; Gus Bluhm, $25;
H. Hoffman, $10; J. Gaylon Brown. $10;
Thomas McGee, $5; J. .S. Campbell, $5;
C. R. Ellison, $20; John Mackey of Rancho
del Paso. $20; T. H. Ryan, $50; . R. Mc-
Gibben, $5; R. Harris, $5; cash, $20; cash,
$10; cash, $25; R. Hughes, $10.
The association requests all visitors to
the track this afternoon who desire to
give more than the customary price of
$1 50 for a ticket, to purchase the same at
the track boxoffice window. ;
The day's salary of .each of the track
officials has been donated to the fund,
and- 50 per cent will be deducted from
every purse.
Roscoe Troxler was not a bit perturbed
over the criticism of his ride on Lass of
Langdon, and rode in excellent form yes
terday, piloting two winners. . •
Old Wolhurst changed owners after
capturing the last race. Entered to be
sold for $400, the price was raised to $900
by Billy Magrane, owner, of McNamara,
which ran second. C. Hammond, one of
the owners of the Montana stable, then
took a hand, bidding $1000. He secured
the horse. • J. McMicnael, "owner of Wol
hurst, next claimed McNamara, s getting
the gelding for $626. ..
Following are the entries for to-day: r
First race— Six furlongs; selling; .three-year
olds and vpward. :
3604 B. BohmansonlOS 3509 Swlftllght ... 95
3545 Resin ... ... 07 3078 Wm. Boyer.,108
7>.. Judge Napton.111 3eO6 Royal Prize. Ill
3367 Ural . . . 108 3462 Chappie .... .Ill
3167 Nellie Holton.103 3620 Gold Baron.. Ill
3C05 Breton .. ... .100 3130 Lakeland . ,. .111
' 3478 Cath. Bravo.. 106 3533Billisls 100
25t!8 Carlonian ....108 . . <
¦ Second race— Five furlongs ; selling; three
year-olds. , : ... . ¦ . . i . . ' ¦
3617 Dwlght Way.109 3611 Matin Bell... 99
3557 Sleep. . Child.. 101 1 3C05 Myr, Dancer. 101
3676 Cassie W 1071 3605* Theron ......101
\32G3 Arthur Ray .112; 3577 San Lution.V.109
3593 Yankee- Lass. 03 (3150)Our Pride.*: .'.100
3317 Discovery ...104 3401 Jlngler; .>;.., 108
3617 R. Bonner 11.101 3011 Sol ;.'. : . . . .". :1O9
' 3011 1 Knockings .:. 107 / ', ' '•'¦¦'"
Third race— Six ' furlongs; • handicap; three-"
vesr-olds and upward, '. . -. -. . f
Eastern Racing Results.
NEW YORK. April 18. — Aqueduct summary:
, First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Dark Planet won, Gloriosa second, Tom May
bin third. Time, :56.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Geneseo won. Iridescent second, Taxman
third. Time, 1 :08 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Kilogram won,
Roue second. Rocky third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Fourth race, selling, four and a half furlongs
— Florestan won. Impetuous second, Jane Kay
third. Time. :54%.
Fifth race, -seven furlongs — Roysterer won.
Bounteous second, Elsie Ship third. - Time,
1:29 1-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— May Harrison won,
Ohio Girl second, 'Adelaide Prince third. Time,
1:15 3-5. ;
CHICAGO, April 18. — Lakeside results:
First race, six furlongs — Smith's Reel won.
Moran second, Lucy Locket third. Time,
1:17 1-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — The
Phantom won, Lucy Crawford second, Boy
Wonder third. Time, :56. • . .
Third race, six furlongs — Approved won. Lit
tle Jack Homer second, Haydon third. Time.
1:10 4-5. . ,
Fourth race, one mlle^ — Domey won, Dandola
second, John A. Clark third. Time, 1:43.
'. Fifth race, four furlongs — Agnes Mack won,
Frances Porter second, Gehelmness third. Time.
:49.
Sixth race, one mile— Cogswell won, Thurles
second. Homage third. Time, 1 :42 1-5. '¦'¦;¦:
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 18. — Montgomery
Park results:
First race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Sir Rolla won, Mr. Pomeroy second, Mr. Rose
third. Time. 1 :50.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Right
ful .won, Au Revolr second. Lyman Hay third.
Time. :GG%. . . \ •
Third race, one mile — Lacrlmae won. The
Conqueror II second. Waring third. .Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, one mile ¦ and seventy yards,
handicap — Silurian won. South Breeze second.
Scarlet Lilly^hlrd. Time. 1:45%.
Fifth race. Tour and a half furlongs — Votary
won, Step Around second. Gold Ornament third.
Time. :&".
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Carest
won, Ermack second, Edith i J third. Time*
l:30Va. ¦.'¦".. '
He Is Supposed to Tell His Troubles
to Blitzen, the "Iron Horse"
of Guttenberg.
Michael F. Dwyer, at one time one of
the most prominent figures on the Amer
ican turf, took Banquet, a famous: race
horse, to England. Banquet broke down
soon afterward and was retired from the
turf. He is drawing a cab in London
and that he is not satisfied with his lot
is evidenced by a letter to a former
lriend, as translated by a Mall and Ex
press man. The' letter 'is addressed to
Blitzen, the far-famed "iron horse" of
Guttenberg. He .was raced regularly six
days a week. The letter reads :
Blitzen, care Colonel -Pepper, U. S. A. — My
Dear Blluen: Little did.I think when I em
barked for Old England -with Dick Croker and
Mike Dwyer that I would never return to the
dear land of my triumphs. It's a shame and
an outrage how they treated me after all the
money I won for them in America. To think
that Banquet. -who often carried all the money
of the talent — Banquet, the pride of the fair
sex and the king of the paddock, should now
be hauling a cab for an abusive driver! It
gives me the heaves to think of It!
It wouldn't, be so bad If he was only an
American, but to be submitted to the constant
Indignity and nerve-racking, head-splitting
abuse In cockney Is awful. l .
Of course, you don't know what suffering a
ringbone causes one, and I hepe you never will.
Yes, I have one. I wouldn't mind being short
of wind bo much, as you can bluff them out
on that proposition, but a ringbone doesn't
give you any rest. The pain Is something
awful. What are they doing for them in
America now? They used to blister them, I
believe, though I never paid much attention
In • the red days, and we never knew much
about that sort of thlnz.
You see, my leg got a bat coming over, and
they rushed me too much. I couldn't deliver
the goods, though I almost beat the lobsters
I met over hero on three legB the first time I
ran. Dwyer was sore and so was Croker. By
the way. I understand Seth Low came in on
the bit. Just rolled home the other day In
New York. Heard a coupl* of Americans talk
ing about It. ,
I am glad Croker lost. Croker said to Mike
that they had better put me in with a bunch of
telling-platers and see what I could do. They
made a good bet on me on that race, and I
soaked them at the post. An English army
officer bought me and was going to take me to
India. I'll never forget the day. It was the
last time I ever saw Dwyer or Croker, either.
They let me go, and I guess they knew, what
I suspected myself by that time, that my off
hind leg was on the bum. I kept up the bluff
for a while and was treated right by the Eng
lishman, who gave orders that nothing was too
good for me. "But the vets caught on. They
caw there was something bad coming Just
above the hoof, and that could be only one
thing — ringbone. I went at auction to a dealer
and he blistered and liked to burned the hoof
off me. It made It all right for a while, but it
was sure to come out in the wash. So here I
am. BUtzen. one time a thoroughbred, now
hauling a cab in London. _
Well, goodby; take care of yourself. And,
say, don't forget the new ringbone ' cure if
they have one. BANQUET.
i S i~5 av ,'. you * ot an V P u » with steamship
people? Could you get me a pass? B.
COMPI/AINT OF BATJ-QTTET,
ONCE FAMOUS RACE HORSE
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals have begun
an investigation of the use of burrs on
bits of. horses driven by the fashionable
set. Several people who have carriages
of their own have already been called to
account for this form, of cruelty and Sec
retary Holbrbok states that If necessary
he shall begin to make arrests.
'-• The burr Is made of a circular piece of
leather, through which bristles protrude
about a quarter of an Inch.
One of these contrivances is fastened on
each end of the bit In such a manner that
the bristles strike against the horse's
mouth. The theory is that animals with
this equipment will be more submissive to
the rein and more stylish in appearance,
as they are constantly tossing their heads
in the effort to become free from the
burr.
The members of New York's "four hun
dred" were using the contrivance quite
extensively a ¦ few months ago, but the
practice was stopped through force of
public sentiment. The humane- society
officials intend that the outcome In this
city will be the same as that In New
York. -
. At the regular meeting of the society
held yesterday it was shown that 230 ani
mals had been relieved during ?ast month.
Seven persons have been convicted of
cruelty to animals through the agency of
the society officials during the same
period. .
Officer Hooper arrested E. "Williams of
Oakland yesterday for . overloading his
wagon and abusing his horses. -;i '.
SAY THE "UFPEB TEN",
HAVE A CRTTEIi NEIW TAD
.- ILL KNAPP did not have to" per
)/ form any ten-mile stunt on the
~^ road to do 75 pounds on .Bragg In
t^JJ the seven ¦ furlong handicap at
Oakland yesterday. ': .""¦¦¦
He was compelled, however, for the first
time this season to remove his every-day
work clothes to make the weight. .Bill
then came close to creating a disturbance,
for I Flush of Gold, piloted by Johnny
Hoar, only beat his mount a neck- ,
There were nine starters, in the race,
and Mr. Brooks' handling of the weights
certainly furnished a most vexing propo
sition, as every one of the starters looked
to have a chance. The smart money went
In on Constellator.with 107 pounds up, the
Ryan entry closing a 2 to 1 choice after
opening at 3. He was- cut off and pock
eted on the backstretch. never getting a
chance to show what he really couddo.
At the start Troxler on Hagerdon slipped
away first, with Byron Rose as traveling
companion. When the ¦*'£<•*]""
reached the last named horse had fallen
back and Bragg trailed at the heels of
Hagerdon. Hard work told on Hagerdon
ana at the paddock ..Bragg looked tho
winner, when Flush of Gold closed on the
outside with a rush,' beating the light
weight out a neck in 1:27. Hagerdon was
third, a length before La Goleta. \V Mio
See on Divina tried the trick of Jabbing
an oyster can through the ey« of a needle
and of course did not succeed. At the
head of the stretch "he attempted to go
through on the rail and "brought up sev
enth at the wire. -..
The card was, .an '-.attractive one and
drew a large attendance. Favorites man
aged to hold their own, capturing three of
the six' events. r^'Yl
An unexpected happening was the de
feat of Bell Reed, favorite for the two
vear-old dash, by Barney Schreiber's filly
Sylvia Talbot. Johnny Hoar on the first
choice repeatedly tried to beat the barrier,
but eventually got the worst of it. Roscoe
Troxler soon had Sylvia in the lead and
despite Hoar's hard urging the favorite
could not make up the ground lost early,
getting in three lengths late in M*i.
Amoruna ran third.
For the Introductory five furlong scram
ble Solinus, backed from 8 to 5 down to
even money, simply spreadeagled his field.
Eight lengths farther away El Pllar took
the place from Rlonda, a 20 to 1 shot
played to 7. There was a hot tip out on
Snooze, but the filly gave It up in the
stretch.
James Nealon's sprinter, Dr. Boyle, had
one of. his old-time tantrums at the post
in the seven-furlong event, refusing to
break away from the barrier. Jimmy
Bozeman on Sly, the 9 to 6 favorite, rode
a cleverly rated race, winning from Matt
Hogan at the wire. Show honors went to
Golden Light.
Fifteen cheap platers lined up in the
six and a half furlong selling run, with
Devereux ruling a mild favorite. He led
for a quarter and then blew up. Mar
ineuse took the front position In the
stretch and in a driving finish downed the
15 to 1 shot Mike Rice a head. The win
ner was 8 to 1. .
"Longshot" Conley astride Wolhurst
turned up a handy winner of the final
mile and a sixteenth event, starting.a 9 to
5 favorite. McNamara in a drive dis
posed of Expedient for the place.
THE annual intercollegate tennis
matches between Stanford and the
University of California will be
. played on the California Club courts
at Bush and Scott streets this morning.
The games will commence at 9 o'clock
sharp. . " • -,
Up to the present week the chances, of
Stanford were considered ratherpoor, but
the cardinal players have shown great
improvement' lately and are expected to
put up a great ¦ -fight. t Several changes
have been made in the line-up of both
teams. -Instead of Weihe and Baker play
ing the doubles the latter's place will be
taken by Frank Lleb. This will un
doubtedly make . a much stronger com
bination, as LJeb Is a better doubles play
er than Baker. The latter will be the
second 'man in singles and will meet
Drummond McGavin, Berkeley's second
man. This match Is almost certain to go
to California, as MacGavin outclasses
Baker. The match that is looked forward
to with the most interest is the Hunt-
Welhe match. These men are two of the
best in the first class and are evenly
matched. The odds are slightly In Hunt's
favor, as he has put in the last few
months practicing hard, while Weihe has
been unable to get any practice on ac
count of the poor condition of the Stan
ford courts. Weihe plays an aggressive,
fast game, while that of his opponent- is
Just the opposite. Hunt is wonderfully
steady, and- counts mostly on wearing his
opponent out.
In doubles the chances are about even.
Of the four men Weihe is easily the best
doubles player, and with any kind of sup
port from his partner should give the
Berkeley men a hard game. California
has an abundance of good material this
year, but has shown poor Judgment in
the selection of its men. With Drum
mond MacGavin in George Baker's place
the University of California men would
be almost sure to win, as the former is
an excellent man in doubles. In singles
MacGavin Is erratic, on some days play
ing brilliant tennis and on others being
poor. Baker Is fully as good a man In
singles and is much steadier than Mac-
Gavin, but does not understand doubles
as does the latter.
The matches to be played ¦will be as fol
lows: Harry "Weihe, Stanford, vs. Reu
ben Hunt, California; Cleveland Baker,
Stanford, vs. Drummond MacGavin, Cali
fornia; Weihe and Frank Lieb, Stanford,
vs. Hunt and George Baker. California.
All matches will be the best two sets in
three.
The invitation tournament to be held at
Penryn, Placer County, will bring out
some of the best tennis ever seen on the
coast. Eight of the best players in the
State will take part, and the Citrus Col
ony Club will undoubtedly be treated to
some fine tennis. The men who have been
Invited • to participate are the Hardy
brothers. Whitney brothers, Professor
Daily. H. W. Crowell. W. B. Collier and
Grant Smith. The date of the tourna
ments is the 3d and 4th of May.'
The OJai Valley enthusiasts will hold
their yearly championship tournaments
next Thursday, Friday and ' Saturday.
Mrs. Kincald is the only local player who
will take part. It . is not expected that
she will wrest the championship from.
Miss Ruby Garland'. '¦"¦¦¦¦ ... *
PORTLAND, April ' 18.— The dogs ex
hibited at the Portland Kennel Club
show • by San Francisco owners car
ried off the - major," pdrtlon of the hon
ors. The awards follow :~ : ./ ,
Bull terriers,' open, dogs— First, Champion
Woddcote Wonder, L. A. Klein. San Francisco;
also first winner's class." Bull terriers, novice,
bitches— Fftet. Nancy, L. A. Klein, San Fran
cisco. . Limit, bitches— Dot. Li A. Klein, San
Francisco. Open, bitches — American BelV.-L.
A. -Klein. San - Francisco. Winner's class-
First, Dot: reserve, American Bell.
Boston- terriers,' open,. •_ dogs— First, Win
ner," Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr./ San Francisco;
alsa first in winner's dog class. Open, bitches
—First, The Lady. John Bradshaw, San- Fran
cisco; also first in winner's bitches class.
Fox terriers ' (smooth-coated), ' puppy,- dogs-
Third, • Wandell Bings, Wandell Kennels. .San
Francisco. Limit. dogs-^First. * Wandell Jes
ter, Wandell Kennels, San Francisco. Third —
Bar None John F- Bradshaw/ San Francisco.
Reserve — fcndcllffe Resist, H. N. ¦ .Hlckman,-
San Francisco. Open, dogs— Second. Champion
Viola Dady John Morgan, San Francisco.
Winner's class, dogs— First, Norfolk Trueman,
H. N. Hlckman, San Francisco.' Novice,
bitches— First, Iono, H. N. Hlckman. ; San
Francisco; also reserve winner's bitches. Limit,
bitches — Third 'Wandell Carmencita,- wandell
Kennels, San Francisco. r
Fox terriers (wire-haired), limit, dogs — End
cliffe Skyrocket. George S. Thomas. San Fran
cisco;, also first In open, dogs and winners
class. Open, dogs— Second, ..Endcllffe Sky
scraper, George S. Thomas, San Francisco; also
reserve' In winner's class. .
Dachshunds, ooen, do*s — First, Champion
Vtnlo Forever, L. A. Klein, San Francisco;
also first In winner's class. Open, bltches^ —
First,. The Shrew of Venlo, L. 'A. Klein, San
Francisco; also first in winner's bitches.
Irish terriers, limit, dogs and bitches^ — First.
Virginia F. E. Courtney Ford, San Francisco.
Cpen, dog's and bitches — First. Wlllmount
Highwayman, and third. Champion Endcliffe
Shelac, both owned by George S. Thomas, San
Francisco.
Cocker spaniels (black). . open, dogs— Second.
Hampton Promise, Delverton Cocker Kennels,
Fruitvale, Cal. . Reserve — Glenwood Havoc,
Mrs. Philip Meyer. San Mateo, Cal. Open,
bitches — First, Champion Princess Florl. Adel
berton Kennels. Fruitvale, Cal.; also first In
winner's class, bitches. Cocker spaniels (other
than black) puppy, dogs — Bud Zonts, MUs
Dorathea Sharpless, Seattle; also reserve In
limit dogs. Open, dogs^ — Hampton Goldle,
Plumeria Cocker Kennels, San Francisco; also
reserve In winner's class, dogs. N - ce , vl °
bitches—First. Glenwood Ruby, Mrs. Philip
Mercer San Mateo; also reserve In winner s
class, bitches. Limit, bitches— First. Plume
ria Surprise Plumerla Cocker Kennels, San
Francisco; also first In winner's, class, bitches.
Scotch terriers — Limit dogs and bitches —
First, Endcllffe Rebel. G. S. Thomas, oan
Francisco. ¦ i£ ? '"- y J-
Bedlington terriers, open, dogs— First, Clar
ence J, J. Redelsheimer, Seattle. Winners
class, same, open, bitches— First, Champion
Hardwick Mollle, J. Redelsheimer. Seattle.
Winners' class — Same.
Ewing's talent rules supreme in ball
circles. Every crank looks at them with
awe and nudges his neighbor with the re
mark. "They're the goods, the real thing
and any nine that can skin them takes
the money."
They met the Ponies again yesterday
and made them look like a bunch ¦ of
truck horses who did not get any midday
meal. They ran bases so fast the local
players thought they were running for
oftice and the Infield slammed the ball
around so lively as to make several- ping
pong players weep. The score, after a
full 25 cents' worth of fun had been
passed out, was: Oakland 3, Ponies 2. .
Aside from the closeness of the contest.
a triple play was enacted In the first
round, the first seen on the local field in
several years. McHale was safe on
i'rancks' error and Bone and Lawler
walked. It looked bad for Oakland. Croll
hit a sharp infield fly toward second.
Mohler made a great run, caught the bail,
threw to FrancKs. who retired Bone at
second, while Francks lined the sphere
Into Streib's mitt before Lawler had a
chance to touch the bag. It was all done
bo quickly the Ponies were absolutely be
wilciered and half the crowd did not real
ize what had occurred for nearly five
minutes.
Kar.e and Moskiman shot against each
other and both were mysterious In the
goods they offered. Kane was unsteady
at times, but the. Oaklands never could
do him any damage. The Doctor was the
same cool, graceful, effective twirler who
has faced so many batsmen on the differ
ent California diamonds. He was a little
lavi&h in his distribution of passes at
times, but he fielded his position in grand
style and throughout the struggle acted
In a manner which would have made Jim
Hart of Chicago weep had he been among
those present.
The suburbans scored one in the initial
round. Mohler and Streib drew four bad
ones and Immediately executed a pretty
double steal. Brick Devereaux also ar
rived at first on Kane's generosity and
Dunleavy followed suit, scoring Mohler.
Mohler was there again In the fifth. He
hit a rattler to center for half the trip.
Streib again worked Kane for a ticket
and they did the double steal stunt for
the second time. The wee fellow regis
tered-when McCreedie died by the first
st-cond route.
For the Ponies Holly opened round two
with a singing double to left territory and
tied the score on Streib's overthrow to
third base. Delmas completed the local
doings in the eighth on a pass, a sacri
fice and Lawler's wallop to left.
With the board reading two all, Dun
leavy started hostilities In the ninth with
a hot drive to second. Francks was
passed and both advanced on Mother
Pete's sacrifice. The Doctor drove a liner
to Delmas, who fumbled. Dunleavy end
ed the argument with a run.
Croll, who did tricks with them last
season, acted as right field galloper for
the little horses and Delmas cut a few
capers at first. Gorton of Oakland hurt
himself in the second spasm, so old St.
Peter Lohman received the doctor's of
ferings. All the members of Oakland's
infield did splendid work, while their bet
ter playing all around won for them the
money and shouting. The score:
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If 3 0 10 10 0
Bon?. 2b 3 0 0 1 2 3 0
Lawler. cf 3 0 1 0 2 0 1
Crcll, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Holly, s. s 4 1 2 0 2 2 0
Shupart, 3b 4 O 0.0 1" 1 0
Lrahy, c. 2 O- 0 0 7 0 0
Delmas, lb 2 0 1 0 9 1 J
Kane, p 21 0 00 1 0
Totals 27 2 5 1*25 8 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf. 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b 3 2 1 3 2 4 .0
Etreib. lb 2 O 0 2 12 0 1
McCreedlc, rf. ..'.... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Devereaux 3b. 3 0 0 0 0 4-0
Dunleavy. If 3 110 110
Francks. s. 8 3 0 0 0 5 5 1
Gcncn. c 2 0 1 0 1 0 0
Mosklnuw. p 3 0 001 3 0
fc /LoJ.rr.an, c 2 0 1 02 1 0
1 Totals 29 3 4 8 27 18 2
•One out when winning run wa» made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Bf.n Francisco 0 1000001 0 — 2
Base hits • 0 11110 0 1 0—5
Oakland 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1—3
Base hits 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 — I
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Holly. Mohler. Sacrifice
hits — Mosjdman, McHale, Lohman. First base
on errors — San Francisco 1, Oakland 1. First
base on called balls — Off Kane 6, Off Moslciman
8. Left on bases — San Francisco 4, Oakland
7. Btruck out — By Kane 5, by Mosklman 1.
Double play — Moskiman to Francks to Streib.
Trij,le piay — Mohler to Francks to Streib.
Passed ball — Lohman. Time of Rime — 1:45.
Umpire — O'Connell. Official scorer — Harry
Cashman.
Cardinal Representatives Are
Showing Improved
.norm.
Their Dogs Show to Advan
.; - : -tags When in the
v Ring.
Mohler and Streib Score
D ubls Steals and Dazt
Locals.
Stanford arid „ I erkeley to
Mee: en C al forma Club,
California Owners Are Con
>, spicuous Among the
Medalists.
TENNIS PLAYERS
TO DECIDE THE
CHAMPIONSHIP
GOLFERS HOLD
TOURNAMENT IN
HAPPY VALLEY
Tie in 'Jnterclub Contest to Bs
Decided at.'Bur
lingame.
Class A Will Meet Class B
in Handicap To-Day at
Last Saturday the opening team, match
of the San Rafael Golf Club was won by
the team of which R. Oilman Brown was
captain, 29 up, the losing team being cap
tained by R. J. Davis. R. G. Brown lost
2 down to R. J. Davis; Mrs. R. G. Brown
beat George Heazelton 2 up; Major
Charles Christensen lost 2 down by de
fault to A. A. Curtis; R. B. Rorison and
R. H. Ingram tied; E. J. Hooper beat Dr.
"W. J. Casey 16 up; T. T. Williams beat F.
H. Green 1 up; Mrs. George Heazelton
beat Carlton Curtis 2 up; Mrs. D. E.
Skinner beat Mrs. E. J. Hooper 12 up.
On Thursday, May 1, on the links of the
San Francisco Golf Club there will be an
eighteen-hole handicap, medal play, open
to members of any golf club on the Pa
cific Coast. In all cases in which it Is
found possible each player will receive the
handicap to which he Is entitled on his
home course. First and second prizes will
be given. On Saturday, May 3, the San
Rafael Golf Club will hold a men's stroke
competition, 6pen to all amateur golfers.
Play will begin at 1:30 p. m. and the links
will be. open from April 19 to- members of
other cluba who desire to enter the com
petition. Two prizes will be given. The
San Rafael Golf Club chose this date for
the open contest that golfers may be
more readily Induced to enter from other
clubs, when they nnd they can play In
an open competition on the Presidio links
on May 1, and two days later can enter a
similar contest at San Rafael.
•As two or three of the men who repre
sented San Francisco in the lnterclub
match against Oakland last Saturday will
not be available to-day. It is possible the
teams will consist of six Instead of eight
men each. S. L. Abbot Jr. will captain
the Class A team, and ' Leonard Chenery
will -perform the same office for the Class
B team. The handicap will be allotted by
Robert' Johnstone, the professional.
The series of lnterclub tournaments be
tween the San Francisco and Oakland
golf clubs - having ended in a tie. It Is
"proposed to play oS the tie on the links
of the Burllngame Country ' Club next
Saturday, over thirty-six holes, eighteen
being played In the morning and eighteen
In the afternoon. . This j Is a departure
from the" procedure adopted In 1898-1899.
when the tie waa played oft on the Bur
lingame course over eighteen holes. The
change requires the consent of the two
teams. .Captain S. L,. Abbot Jr. and the.
members of the San Francisco team art*
willing. Vice Captain P. E. Bowles, who
has charge of the match for Oakland, Is
consulting the members of his team oa
the matter. If all the Oakland team but
one can devote the whole day to tha
game, it may be arranged that one couple
shall play an eighteen-hole match, tha
rest playing over thirty-six holes. Other
wise the tie must be decided by an
elghteen-hole match, as on the only pre
vious occasion on which a tie has re
sulted.
This morning at 9:30 a competition for
women begins on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club, the contestants being
those who have not during the present
year covered nine holes in fewer than
seventy-five strokes. At 1:30 this after
noon there will be an eighteen-hole com
petition for men of the San Rafael Golf
Club who have not during the present
year made nine holes In fewer than slxty
rive strokes. The scores made In tho
scratch stroke competitions to-day may
also be counted for the Best Ball handi
cap, which begins at 9:30 this morning and
concludes at t> p. m. on the 26th lnst. Dur
ing this period golfers may play as many
complete rounds of nine holes as they ar©
able or desire to play, handing In their
score cards, signed by a scorer, directly
after a round has been completed. The
best score for each hole will be selected
to make up the best ball score, and the
lowest net score will win.
T' HE event set down for this after
noon on the programme of the San
, Francisco Golf Club is a handicap
•- over eighteen holes, match play.
Class A against Class B.
HOME KENNEL'S
WIN PRIZES AT
PORTLAND
PONIE AGA IN
RUN SECOND IN
SPIRITED RACE
Ewng's Stars Make a Great
Ti ipls Play in tV c First
Round.
DEVOTEES OF VARIED SPORTS AND PASTIMES SHOW MARKED ACTIVITY
THE SA^» EBAKCiSCO CALL, SATURDAY,? APBLL 19, 1902;
Garden Gity Wheelmein, Bay ; City^ Wheelmen and Other Glubs
Will Be Represente:d byj^Their Fastest Riders*
RIDERS representing: the clubs of the .California Associated 'Cyclers; ;will meet , to-morrow', on .the San
Leandro road for the first time, in competition for'the. Eldridge, cup. '/Five teams will compete, each
consisting of ten men. These fifty riders will start/.in ten groups of five meri, r an interval of five minutes
being allowed between each group. The time ofeach rider will be taken separately,*, and the club; with
the lowest aggregate time will be declared the winner. The trophy must' be won twice iby one club be
fore becoming its property. ' J - : "^. ¦¦.'¦; ;'¦¦¦ ¦ i' •, .' : ; f
. The Garden City Wheelmen will. have the service of Lace and Burton Downing.; and' the ever blooming
Tony Delmas, a trio of riders hard«to beat. '- The Bay City. Wheelmen will be represented* by. J. ,R. Kenna/ one
time amateur. champion of the coast, who has not been seen/in competition for several years. ..The other clubs
represented are the San Francisco Wheelmen, Oakland Wheelmen and California 7 Cycling .Club. The official
make-up of the teams follows: V ¦ v ¦¦.-:!;:-, ¦ . •' : ' ; •
,• Garden City Wheelmen — C. .Limberg, Lace Downing,; Homer Lowe, M. Grey; C.;Marty, Burton Downing.
Tony Delmas, P. McDonald. Alex Cameron. Substitutes :.^E.B. Wastie and-W. J. Mahohe. ; -.
San Francisco Wheelmen — George Cushman, H. J Hancock, G. E.^Krce'tz, Ed Ayres, N. B. Borree, F. West
cott, H. Roberts, R. Varney. O. Malech, Al Knox. Substitutes: -L. Meyers' land F;" E. Carroll. '¦'¦-, ;
Oakland Wheelmen— A. T. Smith, H. Burite,,W.' Lucio. P." K^f0^^^^K^pj^rma0'iA\ Bannister.
W. Lane. W. Hammett. R. Williamson.- Substitutes: WV : Street, and; W.-Reidc. 7. V .'''¦¦/ '5 \ ¦>. .¦¦:¦ ¦'¦' '••¦¦¦¦¦¦• -¦ '
Bay City Wheelmen— H. Nevvsom, J. Duvoll, C Long/ ; F. ; Pearne,'. George \Vyman,~ J. J Simmons, W. De
mara, Fred West. E. Rusac. T. R. Kenna. Substitutes: . I. '• R.vLind.\ r H.' : Anth6ny:and:'j6hri'Kfelly/-' ; ."-; : '' • : •
California Cycline Club— E. Warren, A. Carl, WV Rornbach. F. McLaughlin, -; C; Brown, ;F. McNulty, J.
Williams; E. Clifton, W. Brown, E. Bergman. Substitutes: E. Mitchell and E. Pfeiffe'r. ,' r '_¦¦-. , ,.;..,. ¦
The officials in charge of the race will be: Referee, J. A. Woodson; starter, Dr. E. T.Meryy; timers— H.
L. Day, George Wetmore, Richard Plomenden, ; Frank Smith; A. Reid, W, A; Reese, Mr. Post, Mr." Sampson,
Al E. Nye, J. C. Travis; judges— J.- A. Desimone, H. H. Varney. : Frank Bollo, Joseph Holle,, A. B. ' Moffitt;
clerk of the course. George E. Dixon;. racing committee — M. C. Rambo., Frank Bollo, H. L.. Mclnjerney, C. W.
Carpenter and L.O. Sill. . . .. : \' .'"/.[¦' . '.^V; i>. : .
Each rider will be allowed a. trailer, who may ride his extra wheel in ; case of accident or breakdown. The
majority of the spectators will leave this city on the 9, and 9:30 a. m. boats: , The race; will be started at iir.^o, the
course being the usual one over the San Leandro triangle. . ..'•¦• * . ;¦ .,.\ " . . -
RACING CYCLISTS TO COMPLETE
FOR VALUABLE ELDRIDGE CUP
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Takes Precedence i
In all the best Hotels, Clubs. 1
Cafes and the buffets of
private families in America '
: IS Hunter:
mm Baltimore
§fiill BanUl * a^ es precedence [
igiffr^^ Age, Parity,
ill 1*^ Jill ? aYor> Q^y* !
from excellence ,
r^tfrli ItKl ft t'lii'v^ an<^ *k° prefer- >
223«2»C*IKorni»8«..s*n F rancl9CO,fcali£ T
Talephona Main SO. 7
SOSOaSHOCA A5D CSINABT DISCHASQX3
A CURE IN AS HOURS.
IBM CHICHCSTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pjlls
Att\J£$&. *" CHlCHlSSTEB'S^NOliSa
&$£>•£&&, >n KEI> »o4 Gold nut4U!a boz M . m^mI
ieS T IUl 6la * rtt>bon - T " ko co «*4er. JtetUam
¦ fR f«% Wfl I>o«aeroa* S«bMItatt«<M mmi imito-
1/ OT tlf«*. Buy »f 7»»r Dngfln. -or Mad 4«. la ' -
I J» ' Jr . n»mf 1 »>r PartlmUm, T«.«im.»UU
W. *p «*l**Ileltrf (brUdlas'nMNr.t/r*
AT^./ 7 tinHill. 10.0«OT».<l»onl»JA Mn> ., •.- - ¦_..-¦/
Agitntion has at last won an important concession
from the Pacific\Mail Steamship Company, in its
handling of Chinese coolies. The company admits
that the detention shed on the Mail dock is construc
tively the deck of a. Pacific Mail vessel and that the
company is responsible for coolies there in custody.
This information will be worth remembering when a
few more Chinese arc "lost" from the dock.
Thc;Maryland Legislature was so busy, and so ab
sorbed .in' carrying out Democratic schemes that it
adjourned without enacting a. tax levy or. providing
a .revenue for. the . coming fiscal year; and -now;
much to the disgust of the people, the Governor is
going to call it back ?.gain and tell'it what to do.**
Illinois has'/a law making it a misdemeanor' for
women to wear the plumage of songbirds, or for, mil
liners to sell it,.vand a society of prominent women
in- Chicago has been organized to eh force the, statute;
and now the girl who walks the streets'; off Chicago
has to be very: careful of the feathers she flaunts. .
. Walter N. Dimmick, who ison trial upon a, serious
accusationin the' District Court, seems to have over
lookedone of/ the elements of his character which, ju
diciously handled, might have been made profitable.
With prophetY vision he said long, before his •arrest
that he-expected some day to see'a sensation in con
nection with the. cashier's vault of the Mint. "
Sacramento Bee (Ind.):
The Preston School Bulletin' for March baa
the following- relative to Goverh6r Gage and
another famous personage: , r. : • : ;•;
"These two distinguished citizens visited th«
school together In , February and looked over
its affairs very carefully. - Governor Gage is
a great favorite • in : this community. He . de
serves all tho popular favor bestowed upon,
him. California never hadva- better Governor.
He has given the people an honest administra
tion and'- his ' strict . economy has resulted : In
tho smallest tax rate known for years. More
than this, he is a brainy man. -thoroughly In
forined and with an Intellect clear as -a sun-,
beam. He Is beyond doubt one' of the greatest
lawyers in the State.'. He combines,. more than
is usual, the qualities that go, to make up a
great : man. :* .-.• • .' •¦ -
•'Hon. -Mr. Kevane, • secretary ; of the -, State
Board of Examiners, ; is a noble coadjutor of the
Governor. '.., If there is an honest man in Cali
fornia it is, Daniel Kevane He has: done the
State heroic service , in his present responsible
position.'-. We are 'more, than -proud to hear
that both of these gentlemen were pleased with
the management : of the school.'.*^ ¦
Verily, as is said in the Book of the Prophet
Isaiah: ?< ¦ r ¦ '- .- '¦ ' ' v "; - :- ~ ; ¦¦¦¦'¦. ¦¦. ¦
• -"The. ox knoweth his owner and the ass his
master's, crib.". : ,. . • .. •--
- C. B.r-Rlddlck, the .superintendent 'of the
Preston School, is not of those" who' bite the
hand • that • feedeth.'f He yleldeth a "mild form
of feudal homage" for. benefits conferred. ¦ •
: Honor to whom honor Is due.'- s._." ">• • '
• ¦ Great Is ' Gage, ¦ and • great.' < too"." his ' "noble
coadjutor,"- the- V-*ionest, the heroic. Daniel,
worthy to lift up the hand of. the puissant Gov
ernor, with the sunbeam Intellect. : ;" . -'
••Hoch_the Governor I .'Hoch Kevane! '-
Marysville Democrat : •-'.*¦
• General Snafter telegraphed General Horace
¦ ¦'..:,¦¦.-¦¦.•-¦¦'. i^.O-.'. ¦--•'..:'¦..¦? -.'¦.-"'.¦¦.¦¦¦
Vallejo Times (Dem.): : • . t . \
The Gage and : anti-Gage forces are ; lining
up for a sharp fight." To a man up a tree }t
looks as though the Governor wlll'make a
mistake in forcing ; himself upon his party
(even if he has ; the strength to do so) in the
face of so riiuch opposition. ; v . ¦ ' . .' i .
Petaluma Courier (Dem.): .
A marked copy of ' the " Sacramento Sunday
News t3es to tell how Governor Gage w/s the
salvation of California during 'the bubonic
plague excitement in an editorial half a column
long. In another editorial he tells of how
the Governor is Justified In being a boss be
cause forsooth ' Spreckels and Do You ne. boss
the other wings of the Republican party... It
isn't nice to find out that Republicans need
bosses to herd them up no the -polls properly,
although they -haven't much chance of winning
otherwise.' Governor Gage tried • the hardest
he was able to get Dan Burns elected Senator
from 'California, and when he found himself
unable to do that dead-locked the Legislature.
Governor Gage Is a birdjy But he controls but
one wine, and that doesn't enable him to
attain any,. extended elevation In .flisht.
But it Is hardly fair In the Chronicle or
The Call or the Times of this city.' the tBree
leading Republican papers of- the State, to
deny him due credit for any decided service
he may have done the State.
'By the way, -one of the recent straws show-
Ing the direction of the wind, Is the election
of anti-Gage officers by the Union League
Club of this city. . ,
The News Is not a -partisan sheet. It Is
an Independent, free-lance Journal In politics,
religion and every other field. . As a looker
on it sees that Gage cannot be renominated
nor re-elected; that he is In no sense a man
of • the ; people, but Is a public man of the
Dan Burns-machine order. The News Judged
him by the speeches and the canvass he made
during* the last campaign, and, using a rail
road figure pronounced him a "narrow-Gage.'-
He has certainly done very, little to entitle him
to a second term.
Los Angeles News (Ind.) :
General Shafter would be far- mcr» popular
as nominee than Governor Gage, as we view
the situation.
Bell that he will accept the Republican nomi
nation for Governor. General Shatter Is one
of the Spanish- American War heroes. Ha may
be a good soldier, but he is likely to meet his
Waterloo when he gets Into politics. If the
general: has any other qualification for the of
fice other than breadth of beam the public
has never heard of It. — Woodland Democrat.
I General Shatter Is a large man bodily, but
that does not detract from his ability. A per
sonal acquaintance with the general would re
move to a certain extent the prejudice of the
editor of the Democrat. He is a genial gentle
man,- entertaining ln : conversation, and can
make a good speech on almost any subject of
public interest. . In point of ability General
Shafter will compare favorably with General
Stoneman when he was Governor of California,
and it 4s conceded that Stoneman made a very
good, record as chief executive of the State.
carnp: yy
Vallejo Times (Dein.): . ;
Flint's friends have reorganized the Union
League Club of Los Angeles. This is said to
be a distinct victory over Gage's- forces. .
NON-PARTISANS AND DEMOCRATS.
Democratic journals and the newspapers of independent tendencies thus, speak of the conflict in the Rcpublidaa
Pel Norta Record:
¦While the San Francisco papers credit Gag*
wlUThavlBg a solid delegation in the Republic
can State convention from Del Norte County,
there appears to be a feeling here that such
will not be the case. A great many of th»
"faithful" would like to see a northern man
at the head of the ticket.' Edson for Instance.
The reports from Illinois were to the effect that
the political managers of the various Senatorial aspir
ants are already in the field canvassing the Assembly
districts and pledging candidates to support one or
the other of the would-be Senators. Large sums of
money are of course necessary for that sort- of can
vassing, and if a man be not a millionaire he must
have the backing of corporations in making tlie fight.
That in itself is bad enough, but the worst is. that
such campaigning prevents the election of fit men to
the Legislature, and v thus leads to further corruption
in legislative work. Even where' there is no gross
corruption there is always indifference to the public
welfare on the part of men who owe their election
solely to their relations to a political boss^ •' -.-,
Here, then, is a threatening prospect of another
Senatorial wrangle which will be as disgraceful as
that of Addicks in Delaware and that of Clark iin
Montana.y Moreover it is going to distract. State
politics in West Virginia from now until the winter
of 1905, when the election by the Legislature is to
take place. During the whole of that time the gravest
State issues will be set aside or used for. the purpose
of., promoting the candidacy of one of the three mil
lionaires who wishes a seat in the. United States Sen T
ate and is willing to pay for it.
The manner in which the contest is being waged
is revealed in a recent report from the State, which
among other things says: "Caldwell is to be downed
at any cost, is the word brought from Senator Scott;
and Caldwell says he will win, no matter what it
costs him. Schmuelbach is willing to pay his money
into the contest, and it promises to be a campaign
of flowing gold."
In West Virginia three millionaires are in the field
for the honor of succeeding Senator Scott. One of
lhjem is the Senator himself, who is a mine owner and
a banker; another is James L. Caldwell, banker and
railroad president, while the third is Henry Schmuel
bach, a wealthy brewer. Scott's term does not end
until March, 1005; and yet the struggle for the suc r
cessorship is already disturbing the whole political
system of the State.
RECENTLY The Call directed attention to cer
tain reports of the progress of the campaign 1
in Illinois as an object lesson showing the
evils of the present plan of electing United_ States
Senators. It is now to be noted that the campaign
in West Virginia is just about as instructive a
lessen as that in Illinois. 'In each State the selection
of candidates for the Legislature is to be subordinated
to the rivalries of the candidates for the Senatorship,
and the choice will be determined not by the fitness
of any of- them for legislative work, but by his allegi
ance to this, or that aspirant for the Senate.^,
: Those in Kansas who know him best predict that
the new Commissioner will ably fulfill the best ex
pectations of the country. He has been a -faithful
worker.all hislife, and is one of the men who were
most efficient, in breaking the hold of Populism upon
Kansas; and restoring the State to sane politics. Even
those who ;regret the removal of Evans commend the
choice made for his successor,: and it seems therefore
that it is to be accounted one- of the "successes of the
administration. : . . . :'^i .• . &'-<;.
Fortunately for'his reputation he has given the
world much better verse than that, and/more fortu
nately still, he enters his high office with something
more than literary talent. Hardly any position-under
the Government is more difficult to.fill.than that of
Commissioner of Pensions, for there swarms 'around
the Pension Bureau a veritable horde of hungry at
torney s absolutely unscrupulous asjto- the means they
employ to obtain a pension fo/a client, no matter
how. fraudulent his claim may be.
In Kansas Mr. Ware is known as a lawyer of extra?.
ordinary ability and a. practical politician, but
throughout the country .' he is best known, by his
writings, published over the riom de plume "Iron
quill." His verses range all the way from nonsense
to a high order of genuine poetry. He is the author
of the jingle that everybody was repeating a few
years ago— '; ' - -¦
Oh, Dewey was the morning
Upon the first of May, v
And Dewey was the Admiral
Down fn Manila Bay; , \
And Dewey were the Regent's eyes—
Those orbs of royal blue — \
And Dewey feel discouraged?
I Dew not think we Dew.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT may have -com ;
milted • a • blunder in accepting the ' resignation
of Commissioner Evans of the' Pension Bu
reau,-but if so he has redeemed it by the selection of
Eugene F. Ware to fill the place. The new Com
missioner is a gentleman of versatility. He was born
in Connecticut, got his wife in New York, entered
the army from Iowa and lives in Kansas. He is a
soldier, a lawyer, a politician, a legislator and a poet.
What more can be asked of any man?
THE COMMISSIONER! OP 'JPENsfoNS.
ANOTHER OBJECT LESSON.
It' now. transpires. ¦- as was: expected,* that
a large majority of the Republican? who came
In from' the -outside a ndi voted-: for * the t Gage
programme ' on Monday evening . did "hot ' know
what' they were voting for. ' Since they have
found out they are outspoken in letting It be
known' that they are not for Gage. They did
not know that the whole scheme was simply
to capture the organization of the Pomona
Valley Club for Gage and then
herald it to the world as a sweeping Gage
victory in an anti-Gage stronghold; and , it
has leaked out that in anticipation of such a
victory • an announcement of it had already
been drafted and was ready - to send out to
the press. And the Republicans who profess
to.be anti-Gage and joined In th§ attempt s to
capture the Republican club here for (he
Governor are making a sorry exhibition ' of
themselves in trying to square things with the
Pomona Progress:
The San Francisco Call tells the truth and
shows plainly why Gage should .not be re
seated In the gubernatorial chair which .has
been polluted by his actions since 'occupying
the seat. .
Pinole Times:
going to submit to boss rule in their cities or in their State. ; The interests of the South
ern Pacific Railroad are on the side of the interests of the people. Mr. Harriman should
study the situation. He can gain nothing by retaining Herrin and subsidizing corrupt
politicians. He . can secure the rightful interests of his road only by combining with the
people or by abstaining from politics altogether.
After this experience it would appear; to be to the
advantage of the railroad as well as to that of the
public if future dealings of; the roads with the com
mission be carried on through' the business officers
of the road who understand' traffic and the relation
of income to expenditure,^ and not through the law
department, which, under its present management,
has been completely discredited.
The compromise as a will be accepted by
the public as a fairly satisfactory solution of an ugly
and vexatious problem. All that is desired has not
been gained, but it is to be borne in mind that it is
by no means certain that the wholo could have been
gained even had the fight been persistently prose
cuted. The lawsuit would almost certainly have, been
prolonged, and the outcome was doubtful. The com
promise, therefore, may be accepted as judicious and
commendable. . . • •• ¦¦¦
A significant feature of the compromise is that so
far as the Southern Pacific Company is. concerned it
was made by the business manager of the road and
not.through-the law and politics department manipu
lated by Billy Herrin. It will be remembered that
Herrin, with great volubility and much emphasis,
declared to the Commissioners and to the courts that
his road could not possibly carry oil at less than the
high figures of the old rates. He asserted that any
reduction would mean ruin. We now learn what
those assertions arid declarations were *orth. The
traffic managers and business men of the road, who
devote themselves to railroading and ! let politics
alone, conclude that considerable reductions can be
made, and, what is more, they agree wjth the Rail
road Commissioners to make them almost at once.
An important feature of the compromise is that
the rates agreed 'upon will go into operation within
twenty days. That fact in itself is a strong argu
ment in favor of the compromise, for had the com
mission continued to fight in the courts for the whole
amount of the^proposed reduction the case might
have been held up for years. A half loaf is better
than no bread, and in this case the gain is consid
erably more than a half loaf.
The gain for the public by the establishment of the
new rates is considerable. It amounts to a reduction
of 5 cents per barrel on shipments to San Fran
cisco, or about $7 50 per carload. It is estimated
that under existing conditions of the oil industry the
net returns per car will be increased from 20 to 25
per cent. Such gain may be expected to improve
the industry and stimulate its activity, so that much
of the benefit will accrue to the public, and the con
sumer will share in it with the producer.
The terms of the agreement provide for the estab
lishment of the following rates: "For shipment in
carload lots — Per barrel of 42 gallons,- from Bakers
field and Coalinga to San Francisco and all inter
mediate points, and all points of consignment north
of Bakersfield in this State where the rate charged
has hitherto been 42 cents per barrel, 37.8 cents; for
transportation over the switch or spur track into the
Kern River oil district, extending from main lines of
railroad operated by Southern Pacific Company
arid the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company, per barrel of 42 gallons, "shipped from Oil
City on said spur track or intermediate points to
¦said main line, when destined beyond Bakersfield,
2 2-3 cents; car loaded to capacity, minimum charge
per car, $4; per barrel of 42 gallons, shipped from
any point on said spur track more distant from said
main line than said Oil City, when destined beyond
Bakersfield, 4 cents; car loaded to capacity, minimum
charge per car, $6." :
BY airangement between the Railroad Commis
iioners and the roads the oil rate litigation
has been brought to a summary conclusion.
The results are beneficial to the public. The Com
missioners not only put an end to what threatened
to be a prolonged lawsuit, but they gain substantial
justice for the public in the form of a large reduction
in railway rates. V
A JUDICIOUS COMPROMISE.
The apologrists for Governor Gage assert in
his defense that, he is a good fighter, that he
stands by his friends, that he has caused a
low State tax levy to be made. So much
may be admitted. He is a good fighter, as
good as any Indian, and he stands by his
friends — ye sods, what friends'! — and he did
cause a low tax levy to -be made this year 1 —
by the same sort of methods employed by Jim
Budd, holding: back : appropriations that, ought
to have been made and will have to 'be made
up next year. We want all this tn a Gover
nor, but we want more. We want a flehter
who will fight for what. is for. the good of the
State. . W« want a Governor who will < stand
by friends outside and not inside the push.
We want economy In public expenditure, but
we want something done for the building of
the commonwealth and Gage Is not the man
for a large minded, progressive administration.
Tulare Register:
SATURDAY V. APRIL 19, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. \ •
kitntt All CcmacaicitioM te W. S. LEAKS. Ktstger.
HLUL1CATIOA OFFICE Market and Tblrd. S. P.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The. Operator Will Connect
You With tlic Department You Wish. 1
'Delivered *»t Carrier*. IK Crntn Per Weelr. -
' 5Jnarle Copies. S Cents.
Term* *>y Mail. : Inclndlnc Poitacci t
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year.'.. fi.ofl
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), « months... 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5e
SCJJDAY CALL. On« Year 1.50
WEE1O-Y CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to reeelro -'
• subscriptions.
Cample copies -will be forwarded when requested.
Mill subscriber* In ordering chance of address should bt
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
lo insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAJCLAXD OFFICES 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TKSS.
Kistger TtTtign Atrtrtisiag, K*r?nett# Building. Cbitag*.
CLonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHEW B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildins
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcerman Hoaae: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
rrtmont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
CBtll 8:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. KZ
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. opea until
§6:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, opea until • o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open untU 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
cntu 9 o'clock. £200 FlUmore. open" until 9 p. m.
The worst evil in California politics has been
corporation control; ' Against* his express pub
lic pledge. Governor Gage has - chosen for bis
closest advisers the hired representatives of
the m#st corrupting political corporation in.
California. He has chosen for appointment to
office some ; of the most notorious of the pro
fessional corruptera of politics of the State.
He has used the power. of his. office to gain
practically dictatorial control of the Legisla
ture of the State, and has then used that con
trol to force through some of the most vicious
legislation-, proposed, while opposing- or veto-
Ing some of the most important and salutary
measures. He has secured the passage of a
bill fixing the terms of the appointive officers
so that they expire- : after the adjournment of
the Legislature, thus practically nullifying the
constitutional authority of the Senate to con
firm nominations. He sought to have passed,
and placed it among- the emergency measures
for which he called the Legislature in extra
Fresno Republican:
It Is becoming Increasingly evident that If
the next Republican convention Is. In any
sense representative of the Republican party
of the State, Governor Gage cannot be re
nomlnated. The problem, then, Is to see to
It that tho convention does represent the party,
and not . the narrow set of professional seek
ers for official favor who, too often, consti
tute the dominant element In State conven-
tlons. Against Gage are practically all the
newspapers and the whole body of the people
of the State. In his favor are the Southern
Pacific Railroad, Its hired attorneys and lob
byists, the politicians who have always done
Its bidding, State office holders "and their
satellites, and the whole mass of th» "push"
whom old companionship In iniquity has
habituated to acting together. . In actual num
bers the people who are against Gage so over
whelmingly outnumber the few politicians who
are for him that In any actual test of votes
there would practically bo only one side to tha
conflict. That, under these circumstances.
Gage is still the most formidable of all the
candidates, so formidable that it Is practically
Gage on one side and all the remaining can
didates on the other, Is a sad commentary on
the habitual abdication of the people in favor
of the rolitlclans when 'It comes to choosing
candidates for office.
Since the situation Is perfectly plain, how
ever, the Remedy Is as plain. The delegates
to the next State convention must represent the
party, not the "push." The rank and file of
the party can determine the selection of dele
gates if they will take the trouble. They must
take tha trouble. It Is not a question of get
ting one man or another, for Governor. There
are plenty of men who would make good Gov
ernors, and those who would personally prefer
any one of these can easily afford to stand by
any other of them. - But it is a question of
approving, or disapproving an administration
which has become the representative of all the
pernicious .influences- and methods In Califor
nia politics. "¦* - •¦" •' ¦ -
Bed Bluff Sentinel:
. It is true that Senator Gillette ha» always
been against the machine, and therein; lies his
present strength. He. stood > by the people as
a Senator, and upon- that platform he went be
fore the convention at Santa Cruz and was
a formidable opponent, and would have won
had he declared himself in tbe start. North
ern California had been betrayed by Laird and
Jlllson. and was ready for revolt. Siskiyou.
always Independent, came out solid for Gillette.
The feeling against the machine never was
stronger in the north than rtght now. ¦ If Sen
ator Gillette stands by his colors nothing can
prevent him from being nominated' and elected.
While, on the other hand, if nominated by the
machine, he Is doomed to defeat at the. polls.
It 13 no time for him to extend the oliva
branch, to the machine when the machine is
dead. and. we believe that he Is shrewd enough
to know that Burns* support would only b«
tendered to him . for the 'very purpose of com
passing his defeat.. ' '. . -' . _,.
The situation. In HumbokU as It now ap
pears demands that Senator Gillette let -his own
position be known to the people of the First
Congressional District. They will take no
chances.. Humboldt must be In " the right
column or relinquish her right to a Congress
man. ¦."-•.•'¦-•- • •
THE opinion is clearly expressed by the leading men and influential newspapers of the State that party, harmon?
cannot be achieved under Qage: leadership. It required great skill, dexterity and conciliation on the part of hia
managers at San Jose to obtain an indorsement of a mere perfunctory resolution in which his name
was mentioned. Had thejre been the slightest attempt to secure indorsement of his candidacy for another term the
Gageites would have been overwhelmed. As it was! the mention of the Governor's name evoked but little applause,
and that little was confined to abunch of State office-holders. Four years ago when Gage ran for Governor he was
supported by all the newspapers of the party. Republican orators went to the platform and spoke for the success of
the ticket. Harmony prevailed in the party and victory was gained. It is a remarkable fact that the forces winch
won success for Gage four. years ago are foremost in opposition to his present candidacy. In. 1898 appeals were made to
the conscience, the patriotism and the public spirit of Californians in his behalf. Now, since he has lost the stalwart
Republican supjptJrt, he is appealing to the push elements of the Democratic party for aid. As an index of public senti
ment the following excerpts from the i press of the. State are republished:
Los Angeles Times: "'¦¦ ,
The California Code Commission ¦ Is another
rotten. feature of Gage's" administration. It
will ; not> s bear scrutiny. Its weakness, Its
waste.: its. blunders." Its defects— all have been
exploited and exposed to the Raze of the vic
timized lawyers and the outraged citizens of
the State. ' Governor Gage appointed that com
mission and a large proportion of its work,
occupying months, : and even years, and caus
ing the expenditure of large sums of public
money, has been overthrown by the deliberate
action ' of the ' Supreme Court, having been
found by that ¦: body repugnant -to the con
stitution, f whose commands, requirements and
limitations careful lawyers are; supnosed to
know and be. guided by. Large; sums of the
people's money thus- expended were literally
thrown away in tinkering the Political Code.
And yet the same apprentice commission goes
on tinkering at a work which Journeymen law
yers might- have completed completed correct
ly, and without loss to the State, long ago
had openings been made on the commission
for men who knew their trade. • No such op
portunity was .given,, but blunderers were
chosen and they did blundering work.
• A' "barbers' .commission" (shave the mark!)
was appointed by the Governor.. Whether go
Intended or- not -that ' commission has degen
erated,; Into an official triumvirate for "doing
politics" in the Governor's interest. It is an
objector, contempt and the laughing stock of
the State. / .\X"". " \ ¦ - . ,
Throughout Governor Gage's : administration
Burns politics have been '•doing." Behind
the scenes at Sacramento is to be found, al
ways, the malign presence of Dan Burns;
Burns the boodler; Burns the backer, defender
and champion ot political" parasites and party
harlots; Burns the political gopher; Burns the
unblushing; Burns the standing and impudent
aspirant for the exalted office of Senator from
a State that has repeatedly repudiated him
politically; Burns the indicted, who still seeks
to be the man . behind the throne under every
Republican State administration, dragging It
into the mire, degrading its character and
acts, and trailing in the dust the banner of
the party and the escutcheon of the State.
party by throwing mud at those who stood fast
for what they profess and what three-fourths
of the Republicans of .Pomona profess. As Is
stated above, a great many did not know any
thing about the job that was put up on Mon
day evening, but some professed anti-Gage
Republicans who - understood the situation
thoroughly deliberately aided in the attempt
to deliver Pomona Into the hands of th* en
emy. And their position is not an enviable
one - r ; ¦¦_ _ >
Alameda Argus:
It is worth while to take account ot San
Francisco's new Mayor in connection with the
forthcoming gubernatorial campaign.- That he
is a factor there is no use of disputing. He is
a political accident -and- those who assumed
that he would so the way of all such onoa^he
found himself In power must guess again. It
is a fact that h»-has made few mistakes that
will tell against him In a political way. He
has done several things that may not appeal
to the prosaic citizen who only Interests him
self. In the abstract actions of officials, but
they have been nicely calculated to appall to
a man who Is in politics. In the event of a
decisive cleavage In the Republican ranks this
other Richmond may come decidedly to the
Jore, The situation was recently stated by a
Republican concisely, in the observation that
lt<is not as violent to say now that Schmitx
may be elected Governor as It was prior to
the municipal campaign to say that he might
be elected Mayor. . - .
session, a bill giving him authority to> remova
all the appointive officers throughout. the" State
and fill the places with his henchmen.
He could have prevented the pass
age of the notorious Assembly consti
tutional amendment No. 28, and**
promised to do so, but broke his
promise. This amendment, if ratified,
will give Mm the power to appoint a
commission, to - serve through, ths
term of his successor, and part of it
for' ten years, will, take the
place of all the commissions, and
boards in the State having to do with
corporations. ; A\ more dang-erousi
proposition was never. placed befora
a free people. ...y^" : VK>i*? -.^... •
Ha made the fight of his life to- prevent tha
election of an eminent and honorable citizen
of his own section to the United States Senate,
and to elect. Instead, the most notorious leader
of corrupt politics in California.
Ho vetoed many necessary appropriation
bills, some because the Legislators* Interested
in them, refused to submit to hia dictation,
many In order to make a false show tn< o£
economy, and some from real lack of compre
hension of the actual needs of- the State. H*
signed some of the most pernicious and absurd
legislation. Including, a law (still on the statuts
books) to confiscate every newspaper property
in the State and donate it to whoever might
ask for It. He has neglected both the dignity
and the duties of his office. He has not lived
nor spent much time In 'Sacramento, . and has
not attended the meetings nor taken part in
the work of the boards and commissions oC
which he is -«x-of flcio a member. He has been
a politician, not a Governor; and, has chosen
the worst possible associates and methods, even
as a politician. He baa thereby alienated tha
support of the people of the State, but secured
that of a certain class of. politicians. This
class of polticiacs is very skillful la tha
manipulation of primaries and "very numerous
In conventions. In this fact Is the Governor's
¦ole hope of renominatlon- In the aroused ';
political activity of the people is the sura t
means of preventing It. The people of Call- y
fornla can afford to have almost' any one o£
the gentlemen now prominently ..mentioned as
Governor. But they cannot afford to indorse,
nor to do anything less than positively -to dis
claim responsibility for the administration of
Henry T. Gage, by the grace of Democratic
blundering and Republican misunderstanding.
Governor of California.
Leading Men: and Influential Newspapers That Supported
Him Four Years Ago Oppose His Re-election.
ONE TERM OF GAGE QUITE
ENOUGH FOR CALIFORNIANS
Mr. Harriman can hardly be ignorant of the results of that combination. Gage was
elected Governor only because the people were persuaded that he was not in alliance
with the railroad bosses. When he showed himself conspicuously as the ally of Herrin in
the fight to elect Burns to the United States Senate, the Republicans who had elected
him to office revolted and Burns, was beaten by a Republican Legislature. Later on
when the combination endeavored in this city to name the Mayor and the members of
the Board of Supervisors, the scheme was defeated by Republican votes cast for a*Demo
cratic candidate in one instance and for a labor candidate in another.
The mass of people of California, whether Republicans or Democrats, are not
There is not one single genuine interest of the railroad that is conserved by an
alliance with Gage, Burns,. Kelly, Crimmins, Lynch or Jere Burke. Mr. Herrin, who does
politics for the railroad, uses those men more for private gain than for the benefit of the
road. By their alliance he has been enabled to render himself so, useful' to the water com
pany and the street railway company as to obtain from them salaries as their attorney,
as well as the attorney of the railroad. He has been also able to obtain large fees in pri
vate practice by reason of his political pull. ¦
The Southern Pacific Railroad cannot have any lasting interests that are ;; op-?
posed to the permanent interests of California, lit cannot be to the interests of the road
to support corrupt politicians, nor to back them in predatory raids .either . upon the
State or upon counties or municipalities. If Mr. Harriman undertake to^corrupt Cali
fornia politics the corruption will react upon his road. Evil begets evil. ' For a 1 long time
the Southern Pacific Company has antagonized tlie best people of both parties in Cali
fornia, and as a consequence there has been engendered on' the part ;of
the people that has seriously hampered its activities. The company has been compelled
to pay out many thousands of dollars to political "bosses and" their. gangs, which "could
have been retained in the treasury of the company had : the managers of the ' roads
allied themselves with the»better elements of the people instead of resorting to corruption.
Mr. Harriman may have no aptitude for politics, nor any inclination for it, but as
president of ''the Southern Pacific Company it is; his duty to concern himself with tlie
political interests of his roads and 1 he manner in which they are managed. It .will* be
profitable to him and to his company to devote some portion of his stay on this coast^to
a study of those matters. The political interests of the. railroad in' this State have 1 been
woefully mismanaged to the detriment of the State and of the road, and the- people and : the
company have a right to expect of Mr. Harriman something in the way of reform. .
In the first place all will agree, with the statement that . railroad companies and
all other big interests should put themselves in a position to protect ;their_ political inter
ests. Jn fact whether men have big or little interests they should strive to hold; such a
position. It" is upon that principle our Government is based, and it)is just for the^ pur
pose of clothing every citizen with power to protect his interests that -he is -given the
franchise' and the right of free speech. Upon that phase of the .issue then : there, will be
no dispute, but now come the specific questions, What interests of the Southern Pacific
Railroad are at stake in the politics of California, and how can they be best protected?
As Mr.' Harriman is a candid talker, that statement may be accepted as a fair ex
pression of his views upon an issue of great importance to California and of, noiittle im
portance to himself and to his company. It is therefore a fit subject -for public comment
and it is but right Mr. Harriman should know what the public think of it.
E- H. HARRIMAN, in reply to, a question by a representative, of the press as to
what policy he had established for the Southern Pacific Company in regard to
participation in political arlairs in California; said: "I am not. a politician and
• have no familiarity with political affairs. I haven't any aptitude nor the incli
nation for it. I will say this much, however, that I t believe railroad; companies, as well
as all other big interests, must of necessity' place themselves in a position to protect
their interests." • .. 1 -.".¦¦-.'
l&Ti: IlA.JEl'Rll&LA-lX j^lsTD POLITICS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL* 19, 1902
Three millionaires 'are. seeking the nomination for
Governor of .Maine and three others seeking a simi
lar honor in>Vefnio i nt, while' still another three are
"seeking 'the'^
. g ! n ' a «', ?,9 hp\jFears "" ajre^ felt in the East concerning
the 'circulation [of. money' this fall. '
¦:•-•:¦ .r-.r^v'.-.v i- 1 SyC;. '*:¦• " V:' : - ; ' ("¦¦¦ " ./
Mark Twain;hasf'bought'a $50,000 residence on the
banks; of the Hudson, and the people 'of his old,
Hartford home are now wondering. whether the set-:
tlement of -the joker in; New -York -was intended: as'
a joke bh them: ' . - . ".
. -¦ . ( • ' ¦ -
6
Pacific Avenue Lots
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
-5, Stireesfc.
BROADWAY STREET.
. i $14,500 $14,500 2 SOLDI £ •
— -— -__ 45:10 45:10 45:10*
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
&!Hv A, n J c 1 pr l s ? nt for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend*a.»
CaL glace / fruit 50c per 1b at'Townaeod's.*
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call aabscriberB contemplating a chansre ol
¦residence during the snmmer months can hnre
their paper forwarded . by mail to tbeir new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Ofllce.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all tOTrns on the coast.
Alcazar — "Why Smith Left Home."
Columbia — "The Professor's Love Story."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — The Sons of Ham. « :
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recitau
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.Margaret and Rene Valle, aged 17 and .15
years, respectively, are in the City Prison
till the California Society for the Preven
tion of .Cruelty to Children can- find- a
home for them. They were found on
Kearny street Thursday night quarreling
with their mother, who has been divorced
from her husband, a traveling acrobat.
Girls Taken From Mother.
BOY VAGBANT MAKES
DASH FOB LIBERTY
Spiro Racevich Escapes From Judge
Conlan's Court, but Is Re
captured.
Splro Racevich, a boy 16 years. of age,
who was arrested on a charge of vagran
cy, made a dash for liberty from Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning, 'and
after a swift chase by Bailiff Michael
Walsh, one of the heaviest men on the
force, he was caught on the first floor "of
the Hall of Justice, just as he was open
ing the door leading into Kearny street.
The case had been called, and after
hearing the evidence of the arresting offi
cer the Judge granted a continuance to
hear the testimony of the boy's father.
The boy was standing close to the bench,
and, unobserved, walked half way toward
the entrance to the court room. Just
then Walsh noticed him and the boy made
a rush out of the court room. Walsh ran
out of the side door to head him oft, but
he had almost reached. the stairs -leading
to the first floor when Walsh saw him.
Walsh put on a desperate spurt and suc
ceeded in overtaking the boy. who waa de
layed by trying to open the door the
wrong way. . - .
Racevich was taken back to the court
room, and the Judge convicted him. on the
charge of vagrancy and sentenced him to
six months in the County Jail.
"William M. Zimmermann, professor of
German in the Polytechnic High School,
was on trial yesterday before- the Board
of Education on charges preferred by
Walter N. Bush, principal of the same
school. The charges include lack of dis
cipline and evident unfitness for teaching
on the part of Zimmermann, who consid
ered the situation serious enough to be
represented by counsel, in the person of
Attorney Stephen V. Costello, while Bush
was fortified by Attorney W. S. Brann.
There was an array of witnesses present
to give their testimony". These included a
number of associate teachers of Zimmer
mann, who had been called by. Principal
Bush to substantiate his charges.
Bush was the first witness to be exam
ined. He reiterated the allegations con
tained in his written charges filed with
the board and upon which the trial' was
ordered, after an unsuccessful appeal by
Zimmermann to the courts to prevent it.
Bush testified that the accused teacher
was unable to keep order among his pu
pils. There- was a constant shuffling - of
feet in the class and continual contra
dicting of the teacher, according to Bush.
"Whenever I heard any unusual noise,"
said Bush, "I knew it was in Zimmer
mann's room. I tried to support him in
securing discipline, but without success.
Other teachers had taught the class with
out any trouble." . \ ¦ :
Bush's testimony was corroborated by
C. H. Ham. R. C. Daniels. J. B. C. Clarke
and A. G. Duffy, all teachers in the
school. ¦ • • , ¦ ,
Zimmermann, in his own defense, said
that while the discipline in his class was
not what it should have been, it .was. be
cause his principal had never supported
him and was not "from lack of ability on
his part. Bush , had frequently found
fault with him 'before his class, which
had tended to demoralize the pupils. Zim
mermann spoke of outings taken during
school hours by pupils and teachers, but
Bush explained that they had been taken
with permission of the former, president
of the board, Mrs. Klncaid. ' Professor
Elisha Brooks testified that Zimmer
mann's class in the Girls'V High School
was well conducted. The trial was then
declared closed and the board adjourned
until this morning to hear argument.
He Is Charged With Lack
of Discipline by. His
Principal. :"S
Eo rd ol Education ruts
German Teacher on
His Defense..
ZIMMERMANN'S
TRIAL BEGINS
Hostler , Christensen - Hangs Himself.
[Christen' ' Mlkkelsen Chrlstensen,.- ; a
hostler, ' committed suicide last Thursday,
night by . hanging himself In a' stable , at'
409 Taylor- street. ¦Christensen :was em
ployed by ' his uncle, C. : J. Clemens, 'who
owns the stable. The body was discovered
yesterday morning by G. B.Ferrio., There
was a wound In. the forehead and a ham
mer lay-on the ground near: the body.
-Detectives RIordan and Thomas Gibson
were detailed* to investigate .the case.
.They reported that it was, a suicide. :;.:•;-
To Pay. Off 'Debt of Y. M. C. A.
A determined' effort is being made to
cancel the indebtedness of ' the \ Young
Men's Christian Association' by popular
subscription.' • A considerable amount of
money; has already been raised for this
purpose. The following named gentle
men have "volunteered to receive contri
butions for this end; '
William. H. Crocker of tha Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank; Major W. B. Hooper of
the Occidental Hotel; C. S. Wright of N. Gray
& Co.. (541 • Sacramento street; Charles , Webb
Howard, Spring: Valley WaterxCompany build
lnjr; C. R. . Bishop of the. Bank" of California-
Robert Bruce of Balfour. Guthrie & Co., 316
California street; Edward . Coleman of Borer s
Bank, 211 . Montgomery street; Rolla V. < Watt,
Royal Insurance Company, Pine and Sansome
streets; C."S. Holmes of Renton-Holmes Lum
ber Company, Steuart street; . I. J. Truman,
Columbian Bank; A. B. Forbes, Mutual Life
building; C. W. Pike; of' Pike & Co., 124 Cali
fornia street: Dr. Hartland Law. Viavl Com
pany, 2304 Van Ness avenue, and Mayor
Schmltz, City Hall.
Charles Farrell and W. D. Beebe were
arrested at j 4 o'clock yesterday morning
by Policeman O. H. • Rudiger and charged
with robbing Frank Bernett, an old man,
of $17. The policeman's attention was at
tracted by cries for help from the Baloon
at 655 Sacramento street, and a moment
afterward he saw a man run. out and flee
in the direction of Montgomery street. He
gave chase and found a young fellow
hldingjn a doorway.
He took his captive back to the saloon
and found Bernett there clinging to an
other young man. The 'old man imme
diately recognized the man brought back
by the policeman as the one who knocked
him down and the other one as the one
who went through his pockets.; He said
that when the policeman gave chase, to
the first man the second one had disposed
of the money in the closet.
The saloon where the robbery Is alleged
to have occurred is said to be the resort
of thieves, and its proprietor bears an
unsavory reputation. A report on - its
character has been made by Policeman
Rudiger and an , effort will be made to
have the license revoked.
The two young -men were held for rob
bery on $2000 bail. The victim is -a pen
sioner of the civil war.
Habitues of Disrep
utable House.
Old Man .Is: the Victim of
YOUNG THIVES
ROB PENSIONER
Paulson. Is : Alccused of Perjury.
Andrew Paulson was arrested yesterday
af, Port'C Costa .' by Deputy United States
Marshal Delaricle , on ; a ; complaint charg
ing "him with having procured a'certifi
cate of naturalization by false and fraud
ulent testimony to the effect that he had
resided within the United States for five
years before the granting the. certifi
cate. The ' complaint -was sworn 'to by
William Wescott. .\ . ;
.- . It is alleged \ that Paulson exhibited to
the .United States Local Inspectors of
Steam Vessels " his certificate of .naturali
zation inorder to complete his qualifica
tions for a master mariner's license. ;
Raise Funds to Build New
Church. ¦
Fine Programme Given in Order to
An entertainment was given last night
in Vereln Eintracht Hall, on Twelfth
street, 'by the parishioners of St. Charles
Borromeo, under the . auspices of the
building society of the parish. The object
of the. entertainment Is to raise funds to
erect a new edifice on the corner of Eight
eenth and Howard streets.
. Among those who took part were: V :V.
Calvin Dix,. Johnson and 'Williamson and
double • male octet, William H. Brown, . Ed
Hogan, Jack Holland. N. Parrent, C. Z,. Glraru,
Richard H. Hunt, George F. Keene, Lloyd
Spencer Elton Lambert, William L. Smith,
Mike ScanlanAHarry Coleman, George Sweeney,
Robert Davis \ni Thomas Nowlan. :
¦Mario "A.' Zau acted as stage manager
and Maurice S. Kramer was musical di
rector. ¦ < ¦¦'¦.-¦¦ -
ENTERTAINMENT IN AID .
OF ST. CHARLES CHURCH
Virtually Charged With
Persecution.
Members of Public Works Body Are
The members of the Board of Public
Works received the j following i protest
from the Independent Gas and Power
Company yesterday: .
Gentlemen: Information reached this com
pany yesterday that it was the intention of
the Board of. Public Works, which is composed
of you three gentlemen, to Institute a series
of wholesale arrests of employes of this com
pany upon charges of violation of the provi
sions of 'ordinance No. 2S8. ' - ' '¦'
To-day five arrests have already been made.
This company, acting under the advice of
counsel, has at all times cheerfully and prompt
ly • acquiesced andvtfbeyed every police regula
tion adopted with/ reference to the exercise of
Its constitutional franchise and does not and
has not sought to evade the same In any man
ner. • It has controverted the power of tha
Board of Public Works to require a permit upon
the exercise of its constitutional right by this*
company, and it has also denied the right of
the board to levy a monetary charge upon the
exercise of such rights.
The last Auditor of the city and county of
San Francisco, acting upon the advice of emi
nent counsel, >. sustained the position of this
company. The Board of Public Works then
procured jthe arrest of an employe of the com
pany, the defendant was i acquitted, and our
pocitlon was sustained by the court. The pres
ent Auditor, acting- under the advice of.coun
sel, presumably, has again sustained the posi
tion of this company. A second prosecution,
instituted by your ¦ board within the past two
months has resulted, after a very full argu
ment and presentation of authorities, in the
discharge of the defendant employe.
The communication was signed for the
company by General Manager A. M.
Hunt, c; ¦
A case involving a similar question Is under
submission in the Supreme .Court of this State,
and the authorities quoted by counsel for the
company in the last, case have been submitted
to that court in a brief filed by permission as
amicus curiae. ,. The opinion ¦ may be ' rendered
at any moment and would be a conclusive ex
position of the law upon th« subject. V
Under these circumstances this company de
sires to enter its protest against the present
action taken by you gentlemen, as members of
the -Board of Public Works, and to call your
attention to the fact that in the opinion of this
company such action Is unjust and unfair. In
view of the series of adverse decisions. It seems
to the. officers, of this company that such ac
tion is more like persecution tnan prosecution.
GAS COMPANY FILES
PROTEST WITH BOARD
Judge Troutt accepted the resignation
of W. S. Goodfellow as executor of the
Fair estate yesterday. The resignation
was unaccompanied by any explanation,
and Mr._ Goodfellow would vouchsafe
none. Several days ago, when the news
of his, intended retirement was made pub
lic, Mr. Goodfellow said he resigned be
cause he could not see the need of three
executors and that James S. Angus and
Thomas G. Crothers could close up the
estate without his assistance. Further
than this he would not say, and he main
tained theBame silence concerning hl3
reasons for resigning yesterday. It is
said that the long legal battles indulged
in over the property of the late Senator
Fair caused him to tire of a trust, which,
when it first devolved upon him, promised
only honor and emoluments. Goodfellow's
fees as executor have amounted to $130,
000 since the assumption of his duties. Iij
connection with his resignation . Goodfel
low filed a supplemental account of his
stewardship from April 1 up to date. The
account shows that the receipts during
that time amounted to $63,530 73 and the
expenditures $784 50. ~
YOUUGr LADY INSULTED
WHILE ON HEB WAY HOME
Miss Mary Shelton of 1286 -Washington
street was Insulted by a man- Thursday
night while she was walking on Jones
street, near Calif brnia. . The man made
his escape and the police are searching
for him. , •
Miss Shelton's statement to Detective
Crockett, who was detailed on the case
yesterdajr, was as follows:
I left the Hotel Oliver at 8:45, walked up'
Pine street and crossed Jones, going np Jones
toward California. A man crossed diagonally
when I was near California street and walked
toward me. When within ten. feet of me h«
started to Insult me. I rah back toward the.
house of Mr. Allen and ran? the bell. Mr.
Allen went In search of the- man. but could see
no trace ' of him. The man was at no Urns
near enough to put his hand on me.
Miss Mary Shelton Is Accosted by a
TVTft-n on Jones Street, CTear ->;V--:-
Califomia.
W. S. Goodfellow Re
signs His Trust in
. Fair Estate.
LEGAL BATTLES
TIRE EXECUTOR
Ella Cook, who was { divorced from-
Charles A. Cook, a druggist, on the 4th
inst. , is still . without knowledge of the
whereabouts j of her former hHsband • and
her little son, both of whom" disappeared
as- short time | before the suit for divorce
came up for trial. Samuel A. Cook, father
of the missing man, who it was claimed
knew, where his son and "grandchild were,"
denied having j any knowledge of their
whereabouts . yesterday In Judge Hunt's
court. His appearance in; court was due
to a •writ of habeas corpus sworn out by
Mrs. Cook in an endeavor to get posses
sion of her child, who she claimed was
in the, custody of /his grandfather.' She
testified that . her : father-in-law would
meet her on the street- and say to her, "I
know where, the boy is. You will never
get him." ¦ •
Cook denied making, any such remarks,
and" informed the court that . he . did not
want to know- where his son is. "I am
not interested in him any longer. Judge,"
he said. "He broke me up in business and
ruined the business I gave him money to
start. I do not care where he is, and " I
have not got the child." -' '¦•'
, Ordered to Pay Alimony.
. Captain Colin E. Salmond, who Is being
sued for divorce by Mary E. Salmond,
was ordered to pay. her $100 a month ali
mony pending the - trial of the suit by
Judge ! Hebbard yesterday. Salmond is
captain of the steamer Wellington. Judge
Hebbard also ordered Fred Spaulding, a
real estate salesman, who Is suing Mar
garet M. Spaulding for divorce, to pay
his wife $20 a month until his suit is de
cided. - I .
Judge Seawell granted Elizabeth Gold
stein a divorce from Hiram P. Goldstein,
a deputy tax collector, yesterday, and or
dered Goldstein to pay her $25 a month
alimony. ¦ . . t '
Julia A. Jones was granted a divorce
from Samuel A. Jones by Judge Troutt
on the ground of cruelty. The custody
of a minor child was awarded to the de
fendant.
Sues for Divorce.
Margaret Shakespeare filed a suit for
divorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide against Joseph H. Shakespeare yes
terday. She alleges that for the last two
years he has neglected to provide mean3
for the support of herself and four minor
children. - v •
Maud Geisler is being sued for divorce
by George H. Geisler on the ground of
cruelty. He alleges that' she caused him,
a great deal of mental suffering by cir
culating stories derogatory to his reputa
tion as an honest, respectable member of
the community. He alleges further that
she has by reason of her false and ma
licious statements compelled him to retire
from several businesss ventures. They
were married at San Bernardino in De
cember, 1896, and reside at 1033 Sutter
street. "
Former Wife Seeks Him to
Recover Child: He Took
v Away.'
His Father Denies Hav
ing Knowledge of His
. Whereab i)uts.
CHARLES COOK
STILL MISSING
Hit With Brass Knuckles.
James I. Mansur, who says he is a stu
dent from New Hampshire, ' lay : down 'on
the grass in Union Square Park yesterday
afternoon' and fell.'asleep. •: Gus M.rDavls,
the gardener, while clipping *". the grass
with a pair of. shears happened to ..touch
Mansur' s head, which, awakened him. -He
Jumped to his feet and there was a 1 fight
Mansur was getting the worst of the , en
counter and > pulled a pair 'of brass
knuckles . out of : his pocket and , struck*
Davis : on : the . head ¦-* with ¦; the -> weapon,
knocking him out. 'Sergeant Kelly arrest
ed . them both for - disturbing '- the peace
and a charge of .carrying; brass kauckles
was also booked against Mansur. 1 '•.
. ¦¦
Purity and Ags I
Must be combined in beer in order . that
It ' may be j wholesome.- If the' name of
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing' Ass'n, St.
Louis, Mo., appears on. the labels of /the
beer with which you are served, you 'are
absolutely sure . of^. purity sand proper
aging. Budweiser, Mlchelob, ., Black A
Tan, Pale- Lager, Faust, > Anheuser-Stan
dard. Export Pale and Exquisite are the
brews. Orders promptly filled by B.'- G.
Lyons & Raas Co., wholesale dealers, San
Francisco. . •
HABRIMAN'S TEIP.
Beauty of the field and Orchard Im-
presses the Railway King.
SAN JOSE, April 18.— President E. H.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific, and
party,-, enjoyed an automobile ride
through the orchards of Santa Clara
County this afternoon. A committee
from the Santa 'Clara County Improve
ment Club, headed, by -President Schel
ler and Mayor Martin, met them at the
station with five automobiles. \ The visit
ors were taken about the city •, and out
as far as 5 Mrs. Winchester's mansion.
There the. party was photographed.N Mr.
Harriman expressed great delight J at
whafhe saw, and promised that the rail
road would do what it. could to advance
the interests of this section. At 6:45
o'clock the party left for Burlingame,
where Mr. Harriman will make his home
while on. the coast. , .-...,.
SANTA CRUZ, -April 18. — Santa Cruz, enter
tained a 'party of .distinguished visitors to
day. President Harriman of the Southern Pa
dflo and his friends arrived from Del Monte
at 10 o'clock. They were taken for a drive
over the Cliff drive, along the beach, to De La
veaga Heights, and about the city and then
to the Big Trees. ...They took luncheon at the
Big Troes and returned over the broad. gauge
to- San Jose.' ¦¦'¦ - '¦
President E. H. Harrlman of the South
ern Pacific Company spent his first offi
cial day in the yellow building at Market
and Montgomery streets yesterday. The
magnate was among the first to arrive at
the executive offices, and until 1 o'clock
he was closeted with Vice President
Kruttschnitt and other officials of the
company. ' At that hour the president, ac
companied ' by Kruttschnitt, . lunched at
the Palace and at 2:45 the two officials
took the train for San Jose. .
The people of San Jose Invited Harrl
man to visit that city some time ago, and
after some persuasion he consented j to
make the trip. Harrlman does not hesi
tate to say that he hates to be lionized
and it was on the distinct' understanding
that he -yould not be feted that he gave
his consent. . - " ¦ . ¦
It is understood that Harrlman paid
considerable attention to the Mission
track problem and to the improvement of
the suburban train service. He said yes
terday that these matters would bo given
prompt attention and that in the near fu
ture active operations would . be vigor
ously pushed to completion. -
Enjoys Visits to Cities of
San Jose and Santa
/ Cruz.
JOSEPH AUSTIN, one of the best
known residents of this State,
passed away at 11 o'clock yesterday
at his late residence, 340 ,Page
street Death was caused by blood
poisoning. Deceased had been ill for the
past ten days, and despite the medical
skill of Drs. Barger and Buckley, he suc
cumbed.
At the time of his death Mr. Austin
was 69 years of age. He was a native of
Scotland. He came to. America when a
young man. On landing in New York he
secured employment with William T.
Beck & Co. and remained five years with
the firm. He then followed his brother to
San Francisco and subsequently went into
the dry goods business with him. Gov
ernor Haight appointed him Port War
den and he was reappolnted to the posi
tion by Governor Booth. In 1S77 he ac
cepted the position of claims adjuster for
HARRIMAN GOES
OUT ON A JAUNT
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company. When the Toyo Klsen Kaisha
corporation was formed he filled .the
same position. He served the three com
panies for twenty-five years and | gave
eminent satisfaction.
Governor Stoneman appointed Mr. Aus
tin Park Commissioner, and he served for
twelve years. During his Incumbency he
did a great deal to Improve and beautify
the people's pleasure grounds. ¦
He was one of the original stockholders
in the Argonaut, weekly periodical. De
ceased was well known in club circles. He
was one of the oldest members of the Bo
hemian Club. His first wife was a Mlas
Hart, whose articles in the -Argonaut
under the nom de plume "Betsy B" were
familiar to residents of this State. His
second wife was a Miss Sesnon, a sister
of the present secretary of the Railroad
Commissioners.
Deceased had no children. His nearest
relative is a sister, who lives in Scotland.
PROMINENT CITIZEN OP SAN FRANCISCO AND FORMER PARK COM
MISSIONER, WHO DIED AT HIS HOME YESTERDAY AFTER } A
BRIEF ILLNESS FROM BLOOD-POISONING. . \ '
THE SAST FB AKGISCO CALL, . SATURDAY^ APRIL 19,v 1902.
DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN
PASSES TO FINAL REST
Joseph Austin, Former Park Commissioner, Dies of
Blood Poisoning After a Short illness.
The problem of raising funds for th«
purpose of. entertaining the grand officers
of and delegates to the Grand Parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden West,
which is to meet in this city next June, is
at present exciting the members of the
local parlors. A joint committee has this
matter in hand and there have been so
cial events and a day at the Chutes, but
sufficient funds have not been realized. At
a meeting of the committee last week at
which Grand Vice President E. D. Keith.
presided some members insisted that the
committee has the right to levy a tax or
assessment on the members of the sub
ordinate parlors and that if the tax is not
paid that the members can be deprived of
benefits.
In answer to a question upon the legal-
It of such a tax, the presiding; officer de
clared that the committee has no power
to levy any tax or assessment on the sub
ordinate parlors, but that It could ask
for voluntary contributions; further that
if such a . tax was levied its collection
could 'not be enforced; that a parlor
might vote to donate, so much per capita*
but that it was a matter for the parlors to
decide. It wis, nevertheless, .decided by
the committee to invite the parlors to levy
an assessment upon their members. Sev
eral parlors have already taken action
and voted down the proposition, notably
I>a Vespero and Orinda parlors. Regard
ins the proposed assessment the grand
vice president said:
"It is absurd to talk about the imposi
tion of an assessment by the joint com
mittee, for it; has not that power. I am
opposed unalterably to raisins funds by
compulsory /assessment in subordinate
parlors. The members have already been
heavily taxed for tickets tor the Chutes,
theaters, bazaar and so forth. I feel that
the parlors would make a voluntary con
tribution from the social fund for this
purpose. The Native Daughters feel soma
curiosity to know for what purpose the
money is to be expended before they maka
any donation, as no definite plan has yet
been announced. There seems to be a
strong feeling against any proposition
that will net be for the entertainment o£
all."
Proposition to Levy Tax
to Raisfe Funds Is
the Cause.
LOCAL PARLORS
MUCH EXCITED
7
AMUSEMENTS. J
\ Belarco & Tfaa.l Mansjtrs.
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAT — LAST - NIGilTS.
Uroadhurst's Greatest L.ai!jrl«ji:s Saivise,
WHY SMITH
Lip 5T TP 1LE£°» li^I '"^
JL/a. 2. k$L\j> ivi.L.9
An Avalanche of Fun. A I«iuj:h in Every
Word. A Scream in Every Line.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 23c, 50c asd 75e
Next Monday— "THE TWO ESCUTCH.KONS."
—A v^ 0fi3Jt CttT IUUM
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY— LAST NIOHTS. !
Elaborate Production of the Latter-Day Melo-
drama, THE
DANGERS OF
A GREAT CITY.
Etlrrln* IncldeSts — Side-Spl!ttln#; Comedy. .
rHDN-T FAIL TO SEE IT. \
PpIfCC Evenlns 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
I&IWLO Matinee 10c, 15e. 25c
Kert Monflay— "A CHILD OF FORTUNE."
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"FEDORA"
Farewell Week Beginning MONDAY EVEN-
ING NEXT.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY. .
GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
MELBOURNE Af ACOO WELL,,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In a Grand Sardou Revival.
Monday and Tuesday Evenings
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA"
Wednesday Evening "FEDORA"-
Thursday Matinee and Eve "GISMOXDA"
Friday and Saturday Evenings and Satur-
day Matinee "CLEOPATRA"
Sunday Mat. and Sunday Eve "LA.TOSCA"
Popular Prices — 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. April 19.
Parquet. Any Seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. Any Part Except Reserved, 10c
NBW SHOW!
Sam, Kittie and Clara Morton; The
Pony Ballet; Banks and Winona
Winter; Fetching Brothers, and
Biograph, showing Bridal Veil
Falls and the Golden Gate. Last
times of Marie Wainwright and
Company; The Clipper Quartet, and
James H. Cullen.
LAST~TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY— AND TO-NIGHT.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
THE SONS"OF HAM.
MONDAY EVENING— WELCOME HOME.
Mr. James Neill and His Company.
Presenting the Datnty ComedysDrama,
CAPTAIN LETTAR BLAIR.
Seats for next Monday night and remainder
week now selling. . '
' In Preparation . ' " " '
The Latest Eartern Pronounced Stage Success,
"THE STARBUCKS."
f*f$l ll§yi£»31i& surojiHscTi
VVbVg?808ll LMISG TBEATEf
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
l\ WILLAR D
Last 2 Times of the Comedy,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE 5T0RY"
By I. K. Btrrie, asthor of "Tfcs Littls Xi&ister."
850TH PERFORMANCE TO-DAY.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY—
Last Week of Mr. E. S. Wlllard.
Monday and Friday Nights and Sat. Matinee,
"DAVID GAERICK," by T. W. Robertson.
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday Nights
"TOM PINCH." by Charles Dickens.
Saturday Night— "The Professor's Love Story."
Seats— $2, $1.50. $1, 75c. 50c. 25c.
Coming— N. C. Goodwin and Maxine Elliott.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP. MATIXEE TO-
DAY AT 2 SHARP.
DOING THE BANNER BUSINESS.
BEST PRODUCTION YET.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
TWO AND ONE-HALF HOURS OF FUN.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50e and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
| FISCHER'S HEATER
OTarrelL bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
LAST NIGHT A MAN HAD TO BE TAKEN
HOME IN AN AMBULANCE.
"FIDDLE OEE DEE"
CAUSED A' SPLIT IN HIS RIBS.
He Lausbed -Himself to Distraction.
Perhaps You Doubt It. Buy a 25c or 50c Ticket
or a 25c Ticket for the Sunday Mati-
nee and Be Your Owu Judge.
KOLB, DILL. AMBER. BLAKE. HERM-
EEN. COLEMAN, KELLAH. HOPE. EMER-
SON and the rest of the zreat bunch.
All at To-day's Matinee and the Rest of the
W«k. .
Children at Matinees 10c • •-'
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLiBR,
pianist.- .; ; .'
positively last recital.
~^ METROPOLITAN HALL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3. .
R«t*rved Seats — 75c. $1. $1.50, $2. On sale at
6h»rmaa, C'.zy & Co.'*. SteinTray piano used.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
G/.KUND ts. "SA3 FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK.
Eichth and Harrison its.
Advance £ale of Seats. 5 Stockton St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Darniana Bitters
tti A Gi.tlAT i:tti'lOi'.AVl\"K. INVIGpKA-
¦ tor end Nervine.
The mott wonderful apbro4ielac and Special
TcdIc for che Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican liexsedy for Diseases. of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NAEEK ALFS & BRCNE, Agents.
823 Market rt.. 6. P.— <Send for Circular*.)
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Established 1823.
' JAKE JOSEPH. ¦ Representative, 300 Battery . Street, San Francisco.
2TEW. ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HAIR BRTJSH. \
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness.
Prof. Unna, Hamburg. Germany, Euro-
pean authority on skin diseases, says that
dandruff is as contagious as . any - other
malevolent disease, and that one. common
source of the spread of dandruff : is the
use of the same hair brush by different
persons. The way to avoid catching dan-
druff or any other disease- from another's
brush is to insist on the us© of Newbro's
Herpicide. It not only kills the dandruff
germ, but it is also an antiseptic that will
prevent the catching of any disease what-
ever through contagion of • another's
brush. .'':¦".¦¦
.DolrtAp Desirable location,
1 uluvV unsurpassed cuisine,
-, unequal e d scr-
' 'A II i\ v ' ce - an( * modern
* Ullll conveniences are the
attributes that have
£l 1**211/1 made these two ho-
\lluilU ids popular with
tourists and travel-
Hnfflklc ers w 'ho visit San
liUlCla Francisco.
NEW ( WESTERN HOTEL, :
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. • KINO, WARD &
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
(5 to 18 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; tin grates la
every room: elevator runs all night. . .
AMUSEMENTS. _
gll^ RAGING
£-33^*2^*^5^ Every Week Day-
i ffgr Rain or Shine.
NEW (CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
I '.aces start at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
- ferry-boat leaves £an Francisco at 12 m. and
I":30, 1, l£'-i0. '£, 2:30 and 3 p. m... connecting
i v.ilh traink stopping at the entrance to .£&«
' irack. I-ast two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenuo
electric cam at Seventh' and Broadway, Oak-
lar.d. Also all ' trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric - cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave: the track at 4:15
and. 4:45 P. m. and immediately, after the -last
rtW THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES , F. PRICE, Secy.' and Mcr.
ADviEBTisiatEirrs.
CtPYRlOMT 1IM *T TMI MOCT1M * 0AMM.I CO. CINCI*NATI
SOAP DIGNITY. *
i^^jJTIS easy to find a pure soap; it is easy
|jO|» to find a cheap one. The problem is
lS^fllto find both combined; a soap that is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is the best
solution of that^ problem. It is an original
product^ evolved after years of experiment and
research. It is the most of pure soap for
the least money. It stands approved to-day
by a second generation of Ivory Soap users, ; :
Bj§ ren because the strength Ci oln. TO^
if and health giving properties W rr v* i lit H
II of the grain and fruit are in $| y% c^ 0/ „ Ws
M' a state; of solution and /I -5?- • v^? Ji
are therefore quickly ab- §3' Mi3*-*-*.lw «f
Ride through the most interesting* tenritoi-xes
in t Ke world otv thew luxurious
fifeJisL&g Three Days to Chicevgo .
..•'¦*¦¦' -- . . . ¦ -PETITION IN. INSOLVKNCY.—C.' A. ;Sn-'
bersteln, : a farmer: residing "in" Yolo, '- filed .a
petition In Insolvency yesterday/ In . the United
States District Court. • He owes $9425 and has
no assets.
Clearance Sale of Framed ' Pictures.
. 1000 framed pictures— some slightly worn.
Some good as new.. Genuine bargains.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.', 741 Market street. ¦•
Drops Dead. While at Work.
Emlle ¦ Jorgensen of 1 825 ..Turk '.street
dropped dead yesterday, while ; doing, some
carpentering work for a.. plumber at 434
Natoma street.*. He leaves a . widow, ' who
Is an inmate of an insane asylum. . Death
was due. to heart failure. - ' : ,:
Benefit for Clever, C3iild Artist.'
An entertainment and dance will be
given In Union 6quare Hall j this evening
for. the benefit of Little Maud Sharp. The
friends of the clever little artist have vol
unteered their services and the- affali
promises to be a success.' Among: the chil
dren who will take part, -are ¦ Baby
Deutsch, Clare • Deutsch, ¦ Adams Sisters,
Queenie Tilton, Reyna ' Belasco, ¦ Irene
Bacigalupi and Esther Olson. .
WILL DEVELOP POINT RICHMOND.— The
Point Richmond Development Company waa in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock of
$200,000. The directors are O. S. Trimmer, C.
K. Turtle. W. J. Eardley. Thomas FUben and
W. C. Gray. They have subscribed $1 each.
TOE SENT TO WHTTTIER.— Raymond Yoe,
an incorrigible youth, residing with his wid
owed mother at 240 Lexington avenue, was
committed to the Reform School at Whittler
by Ju(?i:e Graham yesterday.
Reliance Club Re-elects Officers.
The Reliance Athletic Club of Oakland
Is so prosperous that a plan is under dis
cussion to limit the attendance at the
tight* given twice a month by this club
to members only. President R. M. Fitz
greralfl made this announcement at the an
nual meeting- last evening, but no date
has been set for making the change. The
club at its annual meeting last evening
paid a deserved honor to the directors of
the organization by re-electing every one
of them. These gentlemen have worked
hard for the club for years and pulled it
through the time when clubs were sus
pending In all directions. The officers are:
President. R. M. Fitzgerald: vice presi
dent, Felton Taylor; directors. P. J. Cado
pan, G. R. Loikens. M. W. Jellett J. M.
Jellett and C. M.' Davis.
Officer Harris was called and said that
all the statements which Mrs. Heyer de
nied or did not remeber were made • by
her. She positively- declared thatr-Heyei
had fired the Bhot at her and showed the
wrapper as evidence of the fact that stw
had a narrow escape. ' After, hearing Har
ris' testimony the case was continued till
Monday. Heyer is out on $1000 cash bail,
furnished by his wife. -
She sent, her maid to gat a policeman,
as she wanted her husband arrested so
that he would not annoy her. He was
arrested and after he was released , and
came home he struck her. She denied
.telling Officer Harris that the bullet had
gone through her wrappers and nearly
struck her. She did not say, ."There's the
dirty young pup who took-, a shot at me,
and I want to get- a divorce -from him. "
She did not think she- said, "I got a
divorce" from a banker in Chicago, who
was . a good man, . to marry that pup."
AfU< he had struck her on returning
home from prison she told: her maid to
telephone to the police station for the pa
trol wagon. | She did not think- about" the
black cat incident' at the time she spoke
to Officer Harris. • . . = : -
, Mrs. Heyer. was put on the stand and
made a very unwilling • witness, doing
everything she could apparently to shield
her husband. She staid she lived at 1116
Fell street. She had been married to
Heyer two months ago- in Chicago and
had been here three weeks. . On .Tuesday
night, while Wooldridge and Miss Fields
were in the dining-room, she and . her
husband, who was under the influence of
liquor, had a quarrel about a black cat
which was in the room, .and he said he
would shoot the cat. She, objected, and
then she heard the report of a shot. She
did, not see a revolver in her husband'3
hand. She did not know that the bullet
had gone through her Bilk wrapper. •
The case was continued till 2 o'clock
and Policeman G. B. Harris was handed
the attachments. At 2 o'clock Mrs. Heyer
appeared in court and looked as if she
had been suffering. Harris announced
that he had been unable to - find Wool
dridge or Miss Fields, and the Judge in
structed him to see that the attachments
were served upon them, as they had been
guilty of contempt of court.- The Jud-ge
had to wait for nearly I half an hour till
Attorney McConaghy, who , represented
Heyer.'made his appearance.
Mrs. Frances M. Heyer, who had her
young husband, Horace "H. Heyer, arrest
ed Tuesday night on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, learned yesterday
from. Judge Mogan that the law cannot
be trifled with. When the case was called
yesterday morning neither Mrs. Heyer
nor the two ¦witnesses subpenaed to be
present, W. . B. Wooldridge and : Miss
Emmie Fields, were In court. , Dr. Meyer3
told the Judge that Mrs. Heyer was sick
in bed, but the Judge was not convinced
and ordered attachments to be issued
against her/ and Wooldridge and Miss
Fields. . i
Frances M^Heyer Claims
Husband Did Not Try :
to Kill Her. /'
;¦ ¦ . . ¦ /.
Chiefs of Com-'
mands to Meet the ;
British.
Local Sunday-School Workers Pre
pare to Entertain Many Dele
gates to Coming Conclave. '
The programme ! for the California State
Sunday-school Convention, which is to be
held in this city April 29 and 30 and May
1, has -been completed. It con
tains many . interesting features, in
cluding . addresses by many distin
guished ministers and others., who have
played, a prominent part in advancing
Sunday-school work. ' The meeting will
be- held* in the 1 First Congregational
Church. Each school is entitled to send
five delegates and .one .additional ' dele
gate for each fifty pupils above the first
onei* hundred. Reduced " railroad \ rates
have been secured, and it is expected that
the 'convention, will be well attended. ¦
The principal speaker of the meeting
will be Charles D..Meigs. He comes from
Indianapolis,- Ind. -Mrs. G. R.' Alden, who
has acquired. a reputation as .an author,
is also scheduled to talk to the Sunday
school workers. Rev. W. M." White of
this city will preside. Earl E. S. Bing
ham of San Jose will act as secretary,
while Donald McKenzle will be chairman
of the reception committee.
Catholic Young Men Entertain.
The Young Men's Society, composed of
the young Catholic Frenchmen of this
city, gave a successful presentation • of
"The Perils of a Great City," a melo
drama in four acts, last night'in Native-
Sons' Hall. The play was produced under
the direction of Mrs. Carro True Board
man and A. Van • der Naillen Jr. Those
who took part were: L. . Brouchoud, J.
Garrisaere, Camllle Lahanier, H. Kelly,
J. C. Kohler. P. Donahue, Rena Van der
Naillen, Marie Therien and Aim.ee Benoit.
The committee which, contributed to the
success of the occasion was as follows:
P. H. Donahue (chairman), J.NBrouchoud,
J. Mesple, L. Brouchoud, J. Kohler,' J.
Garrissere. G. Garrissere, C. Lahanier, A.
Brouchoud, E. Lacoste, E. Lalanne, W.
Kelly and G. Baraty. , ' J
Debate on Chinese Question.
A debate between the junior class of the
Hastings Law College and the debating
society of the Young Men's Christian
Association will be held at Y. M. C. A.
Hall this evening. The subject will be:
"Resolved, that the Chinese should be ex
cluded from the -United ' States and s its
possessions." The affirmative will be up
held by F. Dorn, C. H. Sooy and , JV Plow
er of the Hastings Law College and. the
negative by S. E. Huntingdon, h. Hansen
and G. H. Thompson of the association.
DR. HERMAN TO SPEAK.— Rabbi E. Ber
man will deliver a lecture this afternoon at
3:30 at the Congregation Kenseth Israel Syna
gogue on Minna street, near Fifth.
LONDON, April 18.— The Government
leader, A. J. Balfour, in the House of
Commons, to-day made the following im
portant statement f ..
"After two conferences between Lord
Mllner, the British High Commissioner in
South Africa, and Lord Kitchener and
the Boer delegates at Pretoria, Lord
Kitchener, .while refusing to grant an
armistice on military grounds, has agreed
to give facilities for the election and
meeting of representatives of the various
commands to consider the situation. The
Boer leaders have therefore left Pretoria
to carry out this plan."
Balfour admitted that- it was not'ex
pected that communication between v the
British authorities and he Boer leaders
could be resumed in less than three
weeks. .. . . . .¦
Balfour's statement made a generally
favorable . impression. It ' was . argued
among the members that the action of
the , Boer leaders demonstrates that at
any rate a majority of the delegates
favor the acceptance of the suggested
British peace terms. . ¦
¦ The submission j of the question : to a
plebiscite of the burghers is according to
Boer law, which requires the leaders of
armed forces In the field to take the opin
ion of "their followers before concluding
peace. ¦ .
KLERKSDORP, Transvaal, April 18.—
General Ian Hamilton, in a further drive,
has captured sixty-four Boers. .. .
CHICAGO, April 18.— Peter Van Vlissin
gren, who has been one of the most active
frienda of the Boers in Chicago, to-day
sent to President Roosevelt an open let
ter advancing, an argument, against the
British mule traffic In the United States.
He declares the. traffic in violation of the
treaty of Washington.
Van Vlissingen has been at work for
months preparing material for this letter.
He concludes with a request that ., the
President Rive 'the matter earnest consid
eration and early attention. >,
Robs Japanese of Trousers.
Two men entered the Japanese tailoring
establishment • of Derpach Takaki, 506%
Bush street, "yesterday afternoon and
while : one was being measured for a suit
of clothes his pal became very much at
tached to five pairs of j trousers and de
parted with them. The 1098 was not dis
covered until some time after the. theft.
The 'police were notified and Detective
Reynolds was detailed on the case.
EXPECTS CONVENTION
TO BE WELL ATTENDED
Australia Reduces a Duty.
MELBOURNE,. Victoria. April 18.—
The Federal House of > Representatives
to-day reduced the duty on imported ma
chinery from 20 to 15 per cent. The tariff
bill J was afterward passed throught the
committee stage. It gees to the Senate
April 23. The bill contains a provision
allowing a suspension of duties where
there is evidence that such duties lead
to the formation of trusts and combina
tions.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 18.— Julius Lehman,
former member of the House of Delegates, in
dicted en a charge of perjury . in connection
with franchise legislation, gave a new bond
to-day in the sum of $10,000 for appearance
on the date set for his trlaJ. /
The crime was committed last "Christ
mas eve. Early in the evening of that
day the three brothers and Harvey Bruce,
their cousin, who is also under indict
ment for participation In the murder,
drove to Hallenbeck' s home at Greenport,
Columbia County. The youns men wore
falsefaces and also wore their coats
turned inside out. Hallenbeck, who was a
very old man, opened the door in re
sponse to their knocking, and as he did
bo they fired upon him, inflicting wounds
from which he died in a short time. At
their trial, which lasted about two weeks,
the accused men declared they went to
Hsllenbeck's house merely for the pur
pose of frightening him, with no thought
of injuring him. Bruoe, who secured a
eeparate trial. testified against the
brothers.
HUDSON, N. Y., April 18.— The jury
In the case of Burton, Willis and Fred
erick Van Wormer. charged with the
murder of their uncle, Peter Hallenbeck,
to-day returned a verdict of murder in
the first degree against the three ac
cused men. The prisoners were sentenced
to be electrocuted at Clinton Prison, Dan
nemora, during the week beginning May
80 next. The case will be carried to the
Court of Appeals, notice of which will
act as a stay of execution.
2Ien Convicted of Killing Uncle in
New York Sentenced to
Electrocution.
TRIO OF MURDERERS
7" MUST SUFFER DEATH
WILL GIVE BENEFIT
FOR DUCROUX FAMILY
Well-Known Amateur Entertainers
Will Appear in South San Fran
cisco Opera Hall.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Ducroux family will be given to-night in
South San Francisco Opera Hall. An ex
cellent programme, including specialties
by some of the best entertainers in the
city, will be rendered. The advance sale
of tickets has been unusually large and
it Is expected that the hall will be packed
to the doors. The Baruh Sisters. Little
Ruth Burnham and Miss Hazel Ham
burger will all appear and do their best
to make the affair a delightful success.
Two of the Ducroux boys recently died
suddenly near San Mated; leaving the
family, of which they were the principal
support, in straitened circumstances.
Friends prepared this testimonial benefit
in order to relieve their wants. The pro
gramme is as follows: Carrie Schiller,
song; Miss Hazel Hamburger, recitation;
John Smith, ragtime: Little Ruth Burn
ham, fancy dancing; Gleason and Duffy,
song-; C. Schug^ musical selection; Myrtle
and Dorothy Baruh, ragtime specialties
and fancy dancing; Miss Nora Regan,
song; Fred Kane, song; J. Gregoire, song.
Bowlers Hold Banquet.
The San Francisco Bowling Association
held its first banquet last night. The af
fair was largely attended, all the clubs
of the association being well represented.
Speeches were made by the different of
ficers. Plans were offered for the com
ing season and suggestions for bringing
Eastern clubs here to compete. A most
prosperous year was enjoyed and the out
look for bowling looks bright for the com
ing year. Dr. Birdsall's suggestion for
the formation of a Pacific Coast Bowling
Association was applauded.
The following are the prize winners in
the recent tournament: First prize, flve
man team— H. Leap, A. Harwood, Ed
Gott, Dr. Birdsall, G. Eacret; second
prize— E. Dreger. w. Smith, H. Bush, A.
Hutter, W. Thormahlen; double teams—
H. Leap and A. Thorpe, first prize: W.
Lux and W. Lee. second prize; W. Thor
mahlen and W. G. Smith, third prize; In
dividual prizes — H.. Leap, A. Thorpe, -E.
Scott. G. Eacret. C. Crawford. H. Thor
mahlen, W. Lux, W. G. Smith, H. Bush,
E. Dreger.
SAYS BLACK CAT
WAS HIS TARGET
election of the officers who are to
serve for the current Knight Templar
year. The following named were chosen:
R. E. Sir William Frank Pierce of Oakland
becomes "grand commander; deputy grand
commander. Very Eminent Sir William Dur
rant Knights. Sacramento; _ grand generalis
simo. Eminent Sir George Sinsabaugh, Los
Angeles; grand captain general. Eminent Sir
John B. de Jarnatt, Colusa; grand senior
warden. Eminent Sir Brilsford P. Flint. San
Francisco; grand Junior warden. Eminent Sir
Charles Lord Field. San Francisco: grand pre
late. Eminent Sir Reuben Hervy Sink, Stock
ton; grand treasurer. Eminent Sir Edward
Coloman; San Francisco; grand recorder, Emi
nent Sir William A. Davies. San Francisco;
' grand standard bearer, Eminent Sir Hudson
B Glllls, Yreka; grand sword bearer. Emi
nent Sir William D. Stephens, Los Angeles;
grand organist. Sir Samuel David Mayer, San
Frai«cisco; grand captain of the guard, Sir
George W. Perkins, San Francisco.
. Some time was taken up in the consid-
THE early part of the " session of
the Grand Commandery of the
Knights Templar of California
was taken up yesterday iri the
BOERS ARRANGE
NEW CONFERENCE
Past master of Oakland Lodge No. 188. F.
and A. M. ; past high priest Oakland Chapter
No. 36, Royal Arch Mason?; past Illustrious
master Oakland Council No. : 12, Royal and
Select .Masters; past eminent commander Oak
land commandery No. 11, Knights Templar;
inspector general thirty-third degree Ancient
and -Accepted Scottish ftlte for the State of
California; deputy grand commander of the
Grand Commandery. Knights Templar of Cali
fornia; member of Islam Temple, Ancient
Arabic Order Nobles of the Mystic Shrine.
eration of the reports of the officers and
the transaction of business of special in
terest to the members -only. Suggestions
for the conclave of 1904 were presented,
and they will be carried out by the com
mittee having the matter In charge. ¦
The Grand Commandery voted a testi
monial to retiring Grand Commander Mc-
Kee, and it will- be presented to him in
the meeting place of his commandery. \
¦ < William Frank Pierce, the new com
mander, is a resident of Oakland and is
engaged in businss in this city. He is a
man who Is very popular in Masonry and
is held in high esteem by all who know
him. The following is his Masonic record
in-brief -up to the-*time of the election
yesterday: .--. .
.c. The. co-respondent, Laycock, is. a mil
lionaire," and is well known in- hunting
and yachting circles. He served under
General French in South Africa and was
twice mentioned in dispatches. He was
best man at the marriage of the Duke of
Westminster. 'Laycock is the owner of
the motor car which won, the Paris-Ber
lin, race. ;
LONDON, April IS.— The Marquis of
Dbwnshire was granted a divorce to-day
because of the misconduct of the Mar
chioness,, who was -a Miss Hare, with
Captain Joseph Laycock of the Yeo
manry. The . case was not defended,
counsel for ¦ the co-respondent admitting
the truth of the charges made. A pa
thetic letter, written subsequent to the
separation, by the Marchioness, was read
in court. In it she appealed to the Mar
quis for the sake of the past to speak
one word of farewell and say he would
try to .forgive her, and they need never
meet again. ¦' He ignored the appeal. . ¦
Marquis of Downshire Is Granted a
Divorce Because of Marchion
¦ ' ess' Misconduct.
SENDS HO FAREWELL
TO HIS ERRING WIFE
THE NEW GRAND COMMANDER OF THE GRAND COMMANDER! OP
THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR OF THE JURISDICTION OF CALIFORNIA
WHO WAS ELECTED YESTERDAY. ' .
LONDON, April 18.— During the course
of to-day's session of the select commit
tee of the House of Lords appointed to
inquire into the merits of the various
proposed railroad schemes for London the
opponents of some of Charles T. Yerkes'
plans objected to the introduction of
American capital, contending that all or
ders for the machinery and equipment
required for Yerkes' schemes were going
to the United States. Lord Knutsford, a
member of the committee, interposed and
remarked that the. committee did not
care whether the capital was American
or British, so long as the committee was
satisfied that the line would be properly
financed. .
American Capital Has Friends.
Shortly after the State began its case
in the District Court by serving the sum
mons and complaint on the Great Northern
Railroad Company, the Great Northern
Company, the Northern tSecuritles • Com
pany and James J. Hill individually, the
attorneys for the Securities Company
ecrved notice on the Attorney General of
a motion to set aside the service of the
summons upon that company, which was
made upon Hill as president, on the
irround that Hill was not present in the
State as president of the Northern Securi
ties Company. • i •
To-day, however, the attorneys for the
Securities Company decided to withdraw
this motion and waive the question of
service, and petitioned the District Court
for removal of the -case to the Federal
court. The grounds for this motion were
allegations that the suit Involved a con
struction of the Federal statutes and of
the constitution of the United States. This
motion Judge Otis granted. Attorney
General Douglas, when asked In regard to
the course that would now be pursued,
eaid: •
"I cannot say what action the State will
take until I have examined the papers in
the case. It is probable, however, that
the State will move to remand the case
back to the Ramsey County Court. Such
a motion can be made at any time upon
notice to the defendants. The original
complaint in the suit the State attempted
to bring in the Federal Supreme Court did
not allege violation of the Federal sta
tutes. I did not draw the complaint in
the present case, and do not remember
whether such a violation Is alleged or not.
If it Is, the Federal Circuit Court would
probably have jurisdiction' in the case.
We will probably move to remand the
case anyway."
ST. PAUL. April lS.-Judge Otis in the
Ramsey County District Court to-day
signed an order removing the action
brought by the State of Minnesota against
the so-called railroad merger to the
United States Circuit Coxrrt. The suit will
therefore have to be tried in the Federal
court, unless the latter sees fit to remand
it back to the State court.
LONDON, April 18.— The Rotterdam cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says
he learns that the Queen mother will de
cline the regency because she wishes to
nurse her daughter, and that the Govern
ment will propose that Prince Henry be
come regent- for six months. ' '«' ,
BERLIN, April 18.— The Cologne Ga
zette to-day revives the report of the
probable convocation of the Dutch States
General in order to establish a regency
in Holland on account of Queen Wilhel
mina's illness.
HETLOO, Holland. April 18, 7 p. m.—
Queen Wilhelmina's fever has not abated,
but the condition of the -royal patient is
said to be satisfactory. Her Majesty's
physlc/ans are said to be less anxious, as
it is believed the malady will not assume
the ordinary malignant character. Queen
Wilheimina is visited by her doctors three
times a day. She is supposed to have con
tracted her illness as the result of a
chill. Among the cable messages received
at the palace to-day Inquiring about the
Queen's progress was one from President
Roosevelt. . . • .
The gates of Castle Loo have been
placarded - with a notification reading,
"Typhoid fever within.',' This was Tin
compliance with the Dutch law requiring
every house in which a case of contagious
disease exists to post a notice to that ef
fect outside. ;';. . " . ¦ '. ; . ..
It has not been discovered where her
Majesty contracted the disease. It is de
clared that while the. water supplied to
the castle is good, the Queen has been in
the habit of drinking sterilized milk. ¦ ,
"The supposition entertained by the
Queen's physicians since the commence
ment 0^ her Majesty's illness has become
a certainty. It is now established that
the Queen is suffering from typhoid fever.
Up to the present time the malady has
rim its ordinary course."
The question of establishing a regency
is being earnestly considered by Tiie
Netherlands Government, and it is
thought probable in view of the possibly
long-continued Illness of the Queen that
the States General (Parliament) will ? be
summoned In joint session at an, early
date to take action in the matter. i
THE HAGUE; April IS.— An official bul
letin was issued this morning from Castle
Loo stating that Queen Wilhelraina.
passed a fairly quiet night. The alarming
fever which complicated the Queen's con
dition is now officially admitted. to be ty
phoid. A special edition of the Official
Journal this morning publishes the doc
tor's statement, as follows: ¦
LONDON, April. 18.— The voyage from
New York of the German ' imperial yacht
Meteor III, which anchored on* Hythe, in
Southampton water, yesterday .evening,
was by no means uneventful. She had
much bad weather, "and once even the
safety V, of the yacht was endangered.
Lieutenant Commander Karp'f, Emperor
William's representative on board the
Meteor, said: .
{• "On April 11. while we. were towing, a
hard easterly blow sprang tip. -Owing to
I the heavy seas our consort, the steamer
i Scotia, was only just able to keep steer
! ing way. The seas broke i over her con-
I- tiniially. At 4 o'clock in the morning of
April 12 ¦ the Meteor's bobstay carried
away. - We. cut away the tow rope, hove
to and tried hard to secure the bowsprit,
but we found that to.be impossible, and
the bowsprit was -ultimately carried
! away, seriously endangering the safety
of the yacht and all on board of her. we
managed, however, to recover the spar.
The weather became so bad that we were
j obliged to heave to for twenty-four hours.
! Thereafter the weather v was generally
'¦ fine. We towed the rest of the way to
| port. The Meteor behaved splendidly and
remained dry throughout the bad weath-
I er. She is a fast sailer." : :
Scurvy, and: typhoid fever are devasta
ting , the peasantry j throughout the , whole
of the Altai (highlands,- of -Siberia) region,
formerly the chief granary of Siberia.
The starving people there have consumed
even the last, remnants of their seed
grain, and no spring ; crops have been
sown. ' The last wheat sole! in Altai
fetched 2%' rubles * per '¦ pood,,: against
the normal price of sixteen to twenty ko 7 
pecks per pood. In some places the scar
city of fodder is so great that half the
houses. have been unthatched to save the
lives of the cattle and horses.. . '¦'¦¦ ;
The gravity of the situation is -evi
denced by. the latest statistics. - At j Men
zelisk,- Government of Kufa, there have
been upward of 4000 cases of typhus; at
Belibeisky, 682 cases have been reported,,
and at Akmolllnsk over '1900 cases have
occurred.. -Similar reports, come from
Vero'nej; Kasan and Saratoff;
The Red Cross Society is furnishing all
the aid at its command; in the way of
free kitchens and medicines. *
ST. PETERSBURG, April 18.— The! rer
ports received ¦ here irom 'the famine
stricken districts- of Russia more than
justify, the anticipations < of acute suffer
ing in those localities.
Railroad Merger Case Is
Removed to Higher
Tribunal.
Contention That Constitu
tional Questions Are
Involved. $££
-
Bowsprit Is Carried Awaj
in a Storm on the
: Atlantic.
Starving- Subjects, of i the
Czar Die in Great
. Numbers.
Ruler Has High Fever and
Regency May Be Es
tablished.
Disease Spreads Among
Siberian Highland
Peasantry.
Nature of Wilhelmina's
Ailment Is Officially
Announced.
Voyage of the German
Emperor's Yacht Very
.Severe.
QUEEN SUFFERS
FROM TYPHOID
HILL PREFERS
FEDERAL COURT
DREAD FAMINE
ALARMS RUSSIA
METEOR RIDES
PERILOUS SEAS
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ELECT
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
William Frank Pierce of Oakland Becomes Grand
Commander of the Order in California. v
THE SAN FEANCISGOvCALL, SATURDAY, > APRIL 19 j 1902.
8
Gonstipated Old M^t
Isn't it too bad that so many, people, 'when ; 3 they get old; get
cranky arid rickety and mean; and don't feel right towards themselves
or anybody else; yet it need not be so: -<^,^/ . ! -
"Cascarets mako me feel so light-hearted and lively, that
V; ' ' - thotigh I hare seen three score and three, a few more
jfjir //z^ scores I yet m«7 see."— James S. Millar, Villa Park, Cal. - .
J^^^/"/C^r "For.many years I have been troubled with constipation.
/KrMf/c*95fe a I used one J»c and twoSOc boxes of Ca»carets, and they hav«
UmSff/l'tfA -. «r> \ - effected a permanent cure. Since my discharge from th»
ESuf//AfrEuK'i > f^~'~ K^^' l army In 18G5, I have never before found a lasting remedr."
fsgffllfflfMnfcr^'u^- 1 — H. J. McGwern, WJ Chapline Street, "SYheelins, W. Vv
WtWMvMifflilifc~5*<^ \ ¦ " l ¦*¦*» troubled with somi-thine that baffled the «kill of
/KC^yTSll1t3S^&' ' v-1^- K phrslolani for 3S ycarg; 1 nsed five boxes of Cascarets and
jfZ^f £&!)W$3iFf / j&*%Z^\T3!^\ am in bettor health than ever be/ore."
Mj^rfw N^Svi©f'SL-'V i" K \ "Six month's aso I took Cascarets for constipation con-
WtMYiTS $&& JT / > V A tracted during the War of the Rebellion. The result is
VC*3L'»5 wSTM A-*& JVL wonderful and I advise all old soldiers to trr them.
1 \ \8Cf/S % — Jas. Putman, late Capt. Krd 111., Haney, Wis.
/AiS&iiuiiSnf /#C«*fen>" 'L "I was feelinu bad. loslnjr flesh, had dnll headache, cold
awsiiABMBp \) H Ef^ iJ'. feet, and couldn't sleep well. I took Cascarets, and in four
' TSwC^wS^^'^S* it weeks gained 15 pounds. Am feeline fltie now."
jf^K^HSik; * Of —A. B. Story, vetoran Mexican and Civil Wars, Epworth, la.
i^\ jJ /-jiyjHfcs "I hare been uslne Cascarets for some tima for
J37m2\ "— ___ constipation, nnd their grentc&t benefit has been to
WMJ&SOi. '-".- -^^g^StfcBWtrf '« • •- cure me of asthma. - I am In mr 88th. year and ha*
jtBBKswBk. ; V&ii&kixSTTKSBZL ' -been luflaring with ntthmt for yenrs."
¦ ¦¦¦: BHjmmBniSasSlS&N^ -T. M. White, Bob Lee, Georgia.
' .J^SSSKW/SS^. "^?3^lw^fe^^S^^R^k. - •' "Being now in my 79th year, I had suffered fo*
"^WS^Sr^'&mSS^k '¦¦¦ b/BBB ' ' ¦WKeHlBi^* * ve years from kidney trouble, disordered stomach,
MpTrr ffflrlf ' ¦'¦' t^BUEBBr '-' ¦'¦'¦ .indieestion, no appetite, twinees of rhenmatism.
S^ ¦ \*9r «l Hr. - flMMr ' . ¦;¦", After five weeks taking Cascarets, all tho above
;.,4 ! 'V--' \fii^S^ bodily annoyances were driven from my system. I
¦ '. ' ' >¦¦¦ W now feel able to dance a break-down." -wi .>-«,« t""-*!
. . ™ ." -:-V' , — Prank O. Mahoney, West Side, Hannibal, Mo.
'All old people's muscles get weak and flabby, arid: it's itheVame'
with the muscular walls of . their intestines as witlv the muscles of their,
arms.' .When the bowels gro\y> weak, the old; folks 'get. constipated,
bilious,. sick;; helpless,' irritable, 'and: that's thevchief cause of their
death. } ;,Old. folks should '¦ talce Gascarets Gandy. Cathartic bowel tonic,
keep their. liver lively," their bowels. regular arid strong and live to be
a hundreds, v" : : •.;¦'.
/7?r\/>A!t n^rv ' Best for the Bowels. ... 4.11 druggists, ioc, 35c. 50c. '. Never sold in bulk.
tyiy3#\*VV Vwwftr The genuine tablet r,t«.mpsd C C C." Guaranteed to cure or your money
back. Sample and booklet free. Address ,>XttfifWf6BqimdmtitfKysZiA
. . rf'fBBBISW*^ .••¦¦•>.*,.•:¦:-. . Sterling Romedy Company, Chicago or New York. w v
AD VEBTISEMENT3.
; the soap which began its
sale in the 1 8th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Sells all orer the world. :¦¦':.'
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A gft 1331 U12XITK. lit. 6:h47iXS.r.CiI. i
\ 'Of ' The Largest Anatomical Miuetun la the \
m Pt'I World. VVeakaeue* or any contracted m
V llxyPw disease f>«»i«l»^l7 nraJ by the oldest T
0 Iggl Speaiiist on the Coast. Ext. 36 years. C
A Q*M*l OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f ?R§5« ConTOltation free and stricJly priTate. \
1 ' J A*^ 1 Treatment personally or by letter. A A
I flr oi W Po»itiv« Curt in CTery case undertaken. . T
A ft 11 II A Write for Book. rBlLOSOPBY of A
V • II I 1 * HABMAGE. MAILED FXEE. (Af
1 n II valuable book for mrn) / \
< ' JDB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. 9
OCEAIT TBAVEIi. .
feg^^ NOME
|||||i®|l SAILINGS.
fSS. PORTLAND
\U WILL SAIL FOR
NOME DIRECT
Leaving San Francisco....!. .April 19th
Leaving Seattle. ." *. . .April 26th
(Stopping at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
• ¦ . For Freight and Passage Apply to '
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
015 Market St.. San Francisco, ¦
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO., Pu g «i
_gpund Agent.. Seattle, _V£a»_h. ;
TOYO KM KAISflZ
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India.
¦ etc. No cargo - received on board on day of
railing. = ' . .
SS. NIPPON MARU .Friday. May 9th, 1002
SS. AMERICA MARU....... .....'.....
.. /....: /.Wednesday, June 4th 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU. ..,.....:.
.......... .......Saturday. June 28th, 1902
¦ Round-trip tickets 'at reduced rateSr For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Jiamburg'Jkmencan.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
j PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
F. Bismarck.... May ljDeutschland ...May'lS
j Columbia .. ....May 8|A. Victoria..... May 22
TWIV-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICK
, PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURGr^-HAMBURG
• Pretoria ......'April 29|Patrtcia ...:...May"l3
, Moltke ......... May ;6|rValderse« .....May 20
¦ Hamburg-American' Line, 37 B'way N Y
I r- H^ R ?°i G A.? O \ Qeneral A * er >ts for Pacific
Coast. 401 California st.; San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS ' THAN8ATLAHTIQUB '
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '«¦-»_'*
• Sailing everj' Thursday, instead of 4KOTn»
Sp.turday. at 10 a. m., from pier 4^ i^cMSaaO
; North River,' foot of Morton street.
I First class to Havre. *70 and upward. Second
. cl * 8 " k .V» Havre. ?45 and upward. GENERAL
j AGENCY FOR UNITED- STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). ¦ New
• York. ,J. F. FUpAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 [Montgomery' avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket' Agents.
| AMKWilCAN L1\E.
; NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON.- LONDON.
I St,Paul..Apl. 23. 10amiPhllad*l..May 7. 10 am
St. Lculs..Apl. 30.10 amiSt. Paul.May 14. 10 am
. RED . STAR ; LINE.' '
, NEW, YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kcn8lngton.Ap.23.: noon|Friesland..May 7. noon
Zeeland..Apr. 30. noon South wk.. May 14 noon
- .INTERNATIONAL -NAVIGATION . CO.?
CHAS. -D. TAYtOR.G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y. st.
OCEAU TBAVEL.
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
Kg, Steamers leave Broadway
Hjhkt-- Wharf. San Francisco:
TOsgffafc. For Ketchikan. Juneau,
rS3&*3S^. Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
ESfelKv?! »•• A P ril 16 - 21 > 28 - May *¦
HjaBita V<3 Change to company's ateam-
ff»iTTL>!w1 ers at Seattle.
r^SS-^iSKu For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New What-
com-lli; m.. April 10. 21. 28. May 1. Change
at Seattle to thla company's steamer* for
AJasfci and G. N- KT-: at Seattle or Tacoma
toN P Ky ; at Vancouver to C: P. Ry. < -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. in..
Am-ll 12 17. 22. 27. May 2.
£"r Lo» Angeles <via Port Lob An^ele. and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Spo-
kane. Sunday*. 8 a. ra. •
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angelea (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Part Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crux only). „ M „ .
CocVBay. 9 a. m.. April 12. 20. 28. May «.
Santa Crua, 9 a. m. (freight only). April 18.
24 *
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information* obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sall-
D TICTCF-T fVRFTCE — • New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
NOME™™
\ LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR , JUNE t
VALENCIA JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May SI re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Noma last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom*
folder, apply Ticket Office.- 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS St CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O.R.&N.CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Ran, at
LOWEST RAOHSIS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
8S. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23. May 3. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
" '"•• .'...April 8. 18. 23. May S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., U a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. G«n. Agt-. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. ¦ Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
A STEAMER . . Apr. — IPALENA ...;.. May 31
GUATEMALA. .May 10lCOt.OMBIA June 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and Scuth American passenger service-.
(Nu change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California, street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceaaics.sxo,s?r^
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu . .' ,-.
'•' Saturday. April 19 2 p. ra.
S3. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thura.. May 1 10 a. ra.
S3 AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.............
...................Sunday. May 4. 10 a. ra.
I. D. SPBICKELS k BR0S.CO., Gensral Atfs., 329 Martet
Gen'l Pass. Offlcs, 643 Marist St, Pier Ho. 7. Paelflc si
PANAMA •iiil.'W
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. |40: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll.....: sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw. Sails Saturday. May 10
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Of flee. 330 Market st.
• F. F. CO3SXOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVEK STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. TRISBIE or MONTIGELLO
_»••¦*& J». m.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m.. except Sun-
d *y- Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Laadln* and
S/tee. pier. 2. Misilon-strwt dock. HATCH
BROS. i " " r " SSsMBBBBPHndKSf
• ¦ .
TATtTE'S CIXEBY COMPOUND.
PAlKlELERY
COMPOUND '
Permanently Cures All the
Varied Forms of
Rheumatism.
It Purifies the Biood and
Removes Every Trace
of Poisonous Acid.
The Great Medicine Has Cured More
Rheumatic Sufferers Than All
Other Combined Remedies.
Sufferers from the varied forms of rheu-
matism—articular, muscular, inflamma-
tory — lumbago and gout should bear in
mind that there is a morbid principle In
the blood when rheumatism is present.
This morbid principle is uric acid, which
circulates with the blood and acts upon
the joints and muscles, causing the pains
and agonies of rheumatism. Palne'a Cel-
! ery Compound Is the only scientific rem-
i edy for the permanent banishment of
every form of rheumatism. If your Joints
are painful; If the knees', wrists, elbows
or .ankles are swollen a few bottles of
Paloe's Celery Compound will soon re-
move all your troubles and pains. If you
have Inflammatory or sciatica rheuma-
tism accompanied with fever, acute, dart-
ing pains in the sciatic nerve from the
hip down the leg, Paine's - Celery Com-
pound taken at once will soon drive out
the disease and make you strong and
active.
At this particular time, when rheuma-
tism frequently lays the foundation for'
other Incurable and grave troubles, we
specially urge the honest use of at least
one bottle of Dr. Phelps' life-giving medi-
cine. Paine's Celery Compound. No case
is too complicated or difficult for this king
of medicines. Thousands of happy and
grateful men and women sing its praises
and continually recommend It. It is tha
only medicine that can rescue people from
agony and death after physicians pro-
nounce them incurable. Mrs. Louisa FJ.x,
Wesley, Iowa, 'says:
"Some time ago my husband was taken
down with inflammatory rheumatism, so
that he was unable to get out of bed
alone or to dress himself. We employed
gocd doctors and used many kinds of
medicines, but with no relief. We .finally
sent for a bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound, and before he had finished it he
v.-as able to be at work. Another bottle
entirely cured him."
UflNFY h y dyeing Tour faded garments
onii. muilLl Diamond Dyes. 10 centa.
VfSrfc Jrfftlm Jra^. J^?^
The Hottest Onc-Minvte Fight
on Record.
The Most Exclusive Clvb in
San Francisco.
« Vho Do You Think Are the Members 7
' ' ' y ". ' ¦ • ' • .
I Sensations of a Man Who Has
I the Hand of Death Grip-
I ping His Heart
b Fiction, Fashions, Beauty Quest/
I and How to Be Healthy
§ and Strong.
j I Story ol California's Great Free
j I Food Supply.
! I California's Family oi Giants.
16>-PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST STORIES— 16YOUNG STUDENT OF UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA WHO DIED AS
RESULT OF OVERWORK..'
LO3 ANGELES.' April 18.— R. H. Ingram,
the Southern ' Pacific Company's new - superin
tendent in this Jurisdiction, arrived In the city
to-day from San : Francisco and entered at onco
on '• the : discharge of his duties. '
Seventh. Day Adventist ¦Conferences.
i.TOPEKA.Kans.", April 18.^fThe national
meeting •; of the Seventh "Day Adventlsts
hero 'j to-day decided ' to ¦ divide ." the two
conferences 1 of \ the -country ¦:'' Into i' three.'
Louisiana. was added to the southern con-
Sunset Mining Suit Is Dismissed.
Gavin McNab filed - yesterday ; In , the
elerk's'ofnee of the United States Circuit
Court a dismissal of the^ultof D. D.
Smith vs. G. W. Rumble and the Sunset
Mining Company, the matter having been
settled out of court. The dismissal will
be acted upon by United States Circuit
Judge Morrow on Monday- v *
Pope's Injuries Prove Fatal.
' H. ; Pope died In : the ' German Hospital
yesterday morning from ¦ • the • effects 5 of
burns ¦ received while working at the
Santa Fe : oil pumping station at Point
Richmond.' On Thursday some oil caught
fire, and Pope, in- attempting to extin
guish it, was fatally -burned. .-„? He "was
taken In r a' tug • to-* Mission-street wharf
and, thence to the German Hospital. \
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
/ Friday, April 18.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, 62 . hours from
Grays Harbor; bound to San Pedro: cut in "to
land passengers. -. ,, ; ,7 "\ .
SAILED. - . .
Stmr Gualala. Weber. ±™**- AprtI "¦
DOMESTIC PORTS. " -
TACOMA^- Arrived Anril . 10— Stmr '. Robert
Dollar, from San Francisco; stmr Queen of the
Pacific, flshlns. v. •• • ; ¦ . ¦
Sailed -.April 1&— Bktn Charles F Crocker for
Ban Francisco. '. >:
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed . April 18— Bktn
Amazon, for Shanghai. . .
' FOREIGN PORT.
. VICTORIA, B C— Arrived April, 18— Stmr
Queen, hence April " 16. • . •„' ¦ .
_ :.'.. OCEAN 8TEAMERS. \
NEW ' YORK— Arrived April 18— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool and Queenstown ; \ stmr
Cansel, from , Bremen. •¦¦:.•,¦ > .!' t ;V • J.
. , 8AGRES— Passed ' Anril > 18-^Stmr ; Lirurla,
' for Genoa and Naples. - -. ¦ . -.
MANILA, i ! April . 18.— The cholera ' epidemic
Is unabated. f - The. totals for Manila up to 'noon
to-day, were 332. cases and 253 deaths •"'for the
province, 1 ' 651- cases; and ,430 deaths. ; s- ; •
• DONALDSVILX.E.' v La.V , April 18— -Ellis
Washington, and Phil : Wallace, negroes were
hanged' here ., to-day "for the- murder of Lee
Gelimar, ¦¦¦ a . wealthy, storekeeper, on January
13 -last. (¦;-....', hi.- :--•-' ¦¦'>-:•¦¦¦;- ¦-.-::¦>. -\-- ¦.•¦''•¦¦¦ •-*
V'. NEW. YORK. April ¦ 18.— The • Holland ' Sub;
marine Boat .Company has been notified by
the British Admiralty that on» of their'sub
marine - torpedo-boats has been 1 accepted- by
th« British navy. ' '
•'ST.- PETERSBURG, April : 18.— Senator ' von
Plehwe, ". Secretary ot State ,' for Finland,' has
been - appointed .Minister of the "Interior,.-suc
ceeding: the ¦ late M. Slplagulne, who ' was : as
sassinated April j 15. . . . •' ¦ , ¦ •• i-
! | FRESNO.'^ April '. 18.— The i Bricklayers' j Union
In this city ; has . declared a «trlke. ;*¦ They de
mand ' f fl '; for the < present ; day' », work of , eight
hours. ' All, work under, contract at' the present
time will be completed for the $5 a day wage.
TELEGRAPH NEWS;
University of California Show At
tracts Large Audience and Proves
Splendid Entertainment.
BERKELEY, April 18.— The University
of California vaudeville, held to-night in
Harmon Gymnasium,"- proved one of the
best entertainments ever given lii charge
oft students. The audience was large and
a considerable sum was netted for the
track team.
During the performance the rooters
added extra liveliness to the feelings of
all and really formed a part of the show.
The university orchestra, a new organiza
tion under the leadership of Francis Rede
will, made Its first public appearance and
scored a great success. Those who took
part in the programme were: ;
Baker and Bush, from Stanford; Daven
port and Glllen. from California; Me-
Laughlin and Sloan, from San Francisco;
C. J. Heeseman, L. Kennedy and C. Ire
land. Besides these there was Sousa's
little German band, the Dora Flora sex
tet, from Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
and the University df California baseball
sextet, which -did a fancy dance In mar*
velous baseball costumes.
rATJDETvTLLE PROVES "
A GREAT SUCCESS
James McDaniels.
EL PASO, Tex.,' April 18.-^Jamesi ' Mc-
Danlels, ; an , old-time " theatrical manager
and actor, died to-day at ' the' age of 63
years. McDaniels was at, one time man
ager of John McCullough's, theater in San
Francisco, and later owned the McDaniels
block at^ Cheyenne, -Wyo.; which was
burned, 1 leaving him penniless.
Bupport In recent years was an 'allowance
from ; the Actors', Association. '¦« He at one
time played with Clara Morris! and Froh
man. . . •• '; ; .- ;•:/ • ¦ ;'/.' •: T, ''•-¦• ' l ¦- ', : - "
NEW. ORLEANS, April _ 18.— A telegram
from New York announces the death of
Captain Samuel- J. Whltehead, a j well
known Capitalist of Savannah, Ga., who
had large interests in New. Orleans, Geor
gia and Alabama. He was 72 years old.
Its Object Is the Improvement of tho
Florists' Business by Mutual
Co-operation.
State Vice President H. H. Lllienthal
of the Society of American Florists and
Ornamental Horticulturists announces an
increase in tho membership of the organ
ization since January 1. The aggregate
increase in.. California for that time ic
over 300 per cent. • . ™''. u
He has addressed an official circular let
ter to the leading; errowers and dealers
throughout the State advising united
action and closer co-operation amon» all
engaged in the production . and sale of
floral and horticultural commodities •'
. The circular calls attention to the neces
sity of co-operation among raisers of
nowerb, plants and bulbs and refers to
the work accomplished by the Society of
American -Florists in V its eighteen years
of exi&tence. It is the object of the na
tional organization to hold its annual con
vention in this State with ' the view of
"giving greater prominence to California's
generous endowments as a prolific ¦*>•,?
vine, fruit, floral and hortlculturW ri
gion." - ¦ , . ¦; ¦ . ,
THE DAY'S DEAD.
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
GATHER ON ISTHMUS
Preparations to Put an End to Insur
rection in Department of
Panama. : ;
COLON. Colombia, April 18.— A thou
sand Government troops from the depart
ment of Santander reached Colon • last
night by way of Barranquilla on board
the former French steamer • St. Germain
and the Colombian gunboat General Pin
zon. They are under the*, command of
General Louis Morales Mertl. At Bar
ranquilla he has 20,000 additional soldiers
ready to eend to' the isthmus at the. first
opportunity. The Government is now
able, owing to the defeat of the insur
gents in the interior of the country,' to
Bend any necessary reinforcements to the
isthmus to put' an end to the insurrection
in the department of Panama. The Gov
ernment its also receiving large sums of
money from Bogota, An tioquia, Barran
quilla and Cauca to meet the necessary
wax expenses.
A strong expedition under General
Gomez, the military , Governor of Colon
left hera at noon • to-day for Bocas del
Toro, on board the Government gunboat
General Pinzon. The commander of the
gunboat has-been instructed to protect
foreign interests at Bocas. The Govern
menf.expects 3000 more men'to reach the
isthmus within the. next three weeks.
There are now nearly 5000 Government
soldiers on the isthmus. General Salazar
the Governor of Panama, will attack the
revolutionists as soon as one of the re
cently purchased warships reaches Colom
bia. News • from the interior of the re
public is favorable to the Government.
ASKS GROWERS OP FLOWERS
TO JOIN NATIONAL BODY
Do Honor to Their Host.
OAKLAND, April 18.— Oakland - Hos
pitlum Nor 2, Bohemians of America, will
give a reception to Dr. H. B. Mehrmann,
their chief host, on Monday evening at
Fraternal Hall. Dr. Mehrmann has just
recovered from a long and serious sick
ness, and this organization will celebrate
his return to health with " ; . an excellent
banquet and a programme composed of
good addresses and selections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 18.-Chlef of Po
lice Sullivan, believes he has located the
man who fired the shot that killed Hugh
Duffy in this city on the night of Febru
ary 17. A Two men were concerned in tne
crime, both; of whom escaped.
Nearly two weeks ago a man was. ar
rested In Salt Lake City on a charge of
petty , larceny." 'He gave the name .of
Johnson, alias Cook. Johnson told a fel
low criminal In confidence that he was
wanted in California for murder. This
reported to Sheriff ¦ Nailor. who
gained information from. Johnson which
convinced him that the prisoner was the
man who killed Duffy in this city.
Detective Max P. Flshersays that from
the information which Chief Sullivan has
at hand there is no doubt Johnson
is the man wanted.- but ha would not
divulge the nature of the information.
Detective Fisher says that requisition pa
pers will be Issued at once/ and that. ha
will leave for Salt Lake without delay: to
bring back the suspect.. > . ¦
"9ALT LAKE, April 18.— John Johnson,
AJiaa Wade, alias Cook, 1 accused of the
murder of Hugh Duffy, in Sacramento, is
noiloneer in Salt Lake, as far -as- pan:be
learned to-night.- He completed his sen
tence for petty larceny several days ago
and was released. Johnson was
hT Salt Lake under the- name ' of Wade,
chanced with stealing chickens and ducks
from Mrs. E, Hirschman, who conducts a
dairy In the southern part of_che dty..:At
the dairy is employed Carl Dolman, who
told the, police that Wade had confided . to
him that he was a murderer for whom a
reward * of J1B00 .• had been • offered : by the
California authorities/ According to Dol
man's story Johnson or Wader while ro
ine under a' Russian alias,' had; in -com
nany with a sixteen-year-old boy, tried to
rob a" house. * The proprietor resisted and
was i killed.. Wade. and. the boy rvere ar
rested. Wade was acquitted and iho boy
sent to prison. . . ... .
The police suppressed the • story and
wrote " to the San-: Francisco "authorities,
outlining : the ; statement ' of Dolman and
asking u Wade were wanted.;.' It was said"
to-niglit - that t no reply had been received
andtthat it was supposed the story was
fictitious. Wade served : his- sentence for
petty; larceny and waa released.
Vetoes Sewer Ordinance.
OAKLAND, April 18.— Mayor Barstow
has vetoed an ordinance which appro
priates U000 toward the reconstruction of
the Adeline street sewer outlet. The
Mayor says the work should be done on
the district plan and should not come out
of the municipal treasury.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The Evening
Post printed a statement to-day that light
had been thrown on the motive which led
to a settlement of the Louisville and
Nashville siuation. The Post said:
The Gates pool appears to have secured
a majority of the 160,000,000 of stock of
the Louisville, and if It saw fit it could
have squeezed the shorts.
• Gates walked Into the offices of J. P.
Morgan & Co. and explained the situa
tion, intimating that the pool was ready
to sell out to the bankers at a reasonable
profit. The bankers realized the serious
ness of the case and invited August Bel
mont, chairman of the Louisville and
Nashville board of directors, to attend a
conference.
"You have got control— there Is no doubt
about that," Belmont is said to have re
marked to Gates,, "and I guess there is no
doubt about somebody being badly cor
nered from the' looks of things.
"Perhaps the gentleman does not know
whom he has caught short. I am not
short and never have been. That $5.000.tOO
of new stock was sold for the company.
You and your friends have got control of
the company. You are the company.
The higher the price Is put on the shorts.
the more It will cost the company—your
selves, that is."
• ; ¦'¦¦¦'¦ '_ . . i-r i 1
Salt Lake Police Hold
the Culprit; But a
ShortTime.
Motive Behind Louisville
•-- and Nashville Set-
Wives Complain of Husbands.
OAKLAND, April 18.— Laura W. Bacon
began suit to-day against Dr. Truman F.
Eacon, on the ground of desertion. They
were married in 1887 and have been sep
arated ten years. There are no children.
Mary Johnson asks for a divorce from
Andrew J. Johnson, on the ground of fail
ure to provide. They have three children.
He is a carpenter.
CHANGES IN STATIONS
OF THE FEDERAL TSOOPS
Readjustment Made Necessary by In-
coming Soldiers and Creation
of New Artillery.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— A general
order Just issued by the War Department
directs many changes ' in the stations of
the troops in the United States, made
necessary by Incoming troops from, the
Philippines and Cuba and the creation of
new artiHery batteries. Among the as
signments are the following: -
Department of Dakota. — Twenty- fourth In
fantry. Fort Snelllngr, Mirfn., Yates. N. D., and
Kefen. Mont.; Twenty-first -Infantry. Forts
Harrison, Mont., and Asslniboine. Mont.; Thir
teenth Cavalry, Forts Me&de, 8. D,, Yates, N.
D.. and Keogh, Mont.
' Department* of Dakota* ¦ and Columbia —
Third Cavalry, Fort* Aasinlbolne. < Mont., and
Yellowstone, Yellowstone National Park. Fort
Walla Walla. Wash., and BoIm Barracks.
Idaho. One squadron of this reftlm«nt will
take temporary station at th»*Presldio of San
Francisco for service in national parks.
Departments of Dakota. Columbia and Cali
fornia — First Battalion. Eighth Infantry, from
Department of i Dakota, and temporarily the
Thirty-second . and One Hundred and Sixth
companies of coast artillery, now temporarily
stationed at Fort Lawton. Department of • the
Columbia. ! to Alaska to relieve the companies
of the Seventh- Inf entry there stationed. These
companies, together with headquarters and two
companies Seventh Infantry from Vancouver
Barracks. Wash., to takjjstation at the depot
of recruit Instruction. Presidio of San Fran
cisco there to unite with the remalninr bat
talion Seventh Infantry when the same is
withdrawn from the Philippine Islands. The
remaining battalion* of the : Eighth Infantry
to be asstroed to the Department of the Co
lumbia will b« withdrawn from.' the PhUip-
P Department of the Columbia— Seventeenth In
fantry Vancouver Barracks, Forts Lawton and
Wright ' Wash., and Boise Barracks, Idaho. ,
Department of th» Colorado — Eighteenth In
fantry, Fort* D. A. Russell, Wyo.. and Logan.
Colo.; Fourth Cavalry. Forts Grant. Huachuca
and Apache, Aria. - -• -
Departments of th« Colorado and Texas —
Twelfth Infantry, Forts Douglas and Duquesne,
Utah; Apache, Ari«., and Fort Bliss, Tex.
Department of California — Thirteenth Infan
try, depot of recruit' Instruction. Presidio of
San Francisco; Nineteenth Infantry, discharge
camp,' Angel Island, iCal. 1
.60 much of orders No. 3 of January 13. 1902.
aa designates ¦ the Seventh Infantry and First
Battalion, Eighth . Infantry, and Company I,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, for »ervice In the di
vision of the Philippine* and assigns the Ninth
Infantry to.the Department . cf Dakota is re
voked. ; • , r ; . " •
Encinal Yacht Club Dance.
ALAMEDA, April .18.— Members of the
Encinal Yacht Club formally opened the
season with a dance given In the club
house at the south end of Grand street to
night. Many invitations had : been sent
out and the attendance ofyachtsmen and
their friends was large. The wharf lead-
Ing out to the clubhouse and the building
itself-were gayly decorated and Illuminat
ed with Chinese lanterns. Dance music
was furnished by a special orchestra.
GETS' POWER
CAUSE OF FEAR
f erence from which Kansas, Nebraska and
Colorado were taken to be added to the
new central conference. Minnesota and
Wisconsin were added to Manitoba and
Asslnabolne to form the Northern con
ference. • Addresses were delivered to -day
by Elder A. C. Daniels, the head of Ad
ventlsm in America, and R. E. Palmer of
Melbourne, Australia.
MISUNDERSTANDING AMONG
RACES MUST BE OVERCOME
out a pistol and fired, wounding the lad
In the leg. There was no prosecution.
At Berkeley, Salisbury was active in
fraternal circles. He wlaa clerk and form
er council commander of Peralta Camp.
Woodmen of the World; was a past chief
gachem of Cherokee Tribe No. 101, Im
proved Order of Red Men, and was also a
member of the Junior Order of American
Mechanics. He was 44 years of age, a
native of • Tahlequah. Indian Territory.
Salisbury boasted often that Cherokee
blood coursed through his veins. He was
tall, aquiline and dark of countenance,
with Jet black and straight hair. There
are no surviving children.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an inquest
to-morrow night. The funeral will be
held at a date not yet fixed.
BERKELEY, April' 18.— The new offi
cers of t)he Associated Women Students of
the University of California, who will
serve throughout the next college year,
were Installed to-day. The co-eds met
"this morning: In room 18, North Hall, for
that purpose, but besides the Installation
the annual reports from the different
heads of the women's activities were
heard. It was the closing meeting of the
year. \~ .
Tfcbse who were formally assigned the
duties of conducting the women students'
affairs are as follows: .
President,- Miss Grace Barnett; first vice
president. Miss Mary Putnam; second vice
president. Miss Edith Evans; secretary, M!b»
Alfce Phillips; treasurer. Miss Martha. Rice;
directors of the Art Association— Miss Gertrude
Davidson. Miss Margaret Henderson, Miss
Ruby Cunningham and Miss Edna Wilde.
Miss Grace Woods, the retiring presi
dent, presided at the meeting. She pre
sented Miss Barnett, who addressed the
college girls briefly. A rising vote of
thanks was given the retiring officers.
Miss Sue Dunbar, the former treasurer,
reported a balance of S21 in the treasury
after all expenses had been paid. Miss
Mary Putnam., in the absence of Miss
Alice Farno, the basket-ball captain, re
ported on the progress of the team's work.
The first intercollegiate basket ball game
of the season, she said, would be held
with the University of Nevada girls to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in the
Hearst Hall court. On the Saturday fol
lowing, April - 26, the California team
would play a return game in Reno, Nev.
The expenses of the Nevada team for
the trip here had been guaranteed. -
Miss Barnett has general charge 'of the
women's activities. She is a junior in the
college of natural sciences. Miss Put
nam, by virtue of her office as first vice
president, is manager of the Sports and
Pastime Club, which includes all " the
athletic organizations of the co-eds.
The visiting basket-ball team arrived
frcm Reno this evening and Is being en
tertained at the different sorjority houses
around town. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April IS.
"William G. Henshaw and A. S. Macdon
ald of this city admit that they have, In
combination with W. A. Bissell, pur
chased the street railroad system • of
Stockton. They say that the purchase
was made for themselves and that they
are not acting for any other company or
syndicate. Despite the fact that Bissell
is connected with the Santa Fe Railroad,
the purchase, they say, has nothing to do
with that corporation. William- G. . Hen
ehaw is the president of the Union Sav
ings Bank of this city and has been con
nected with all" of the railroad deals of
the Oakland Transit Company. Henshaw
was a large stockholder in the Oakland
Transit Company, ahd it was through him
that the transit company finally, secured
possession of the Haywards* system, that
gave the transit company 'complete con
trol of the Oakland railroads, so that
Henshaw is no stranger to these railroad
deals. ' Macdonald is well known in rail
road and financial circles* He secured
the rights of way for the Santa Fe from
Stockton to Point Richmond, and has
been intimately connected with many of
the big deals at Point Richmond
In company with Henshaw, Macdonald
secured a series of franchises from Point
Richmond "to the. Alameda County line
which franchises are now in the posses
sion of the Oakland Transit Company
Macdonald said in regard to.the pur
chase: . ..••..
"The purchase of the Stockton street
railroad system has been made purely as
an investment. We are acting entirely for
ourselves, and no corporation or syndi
cate has anything to do with it. Stockton
is a growing city. It stands at the head
of water navigation, has a large and
very -wealthy agricultural country and a
rich mining -country tributary to it and
my associates and myself believe that it
la a good Investment." . -
Prejudice Between Malays and Whites
Must Be Wiped Out, Says
Dr. Barrows.
BERKELEY. April 18.— Dr. D. P. Bar
rows, chief of the bureau of the non-
Christian tribes of the Philippines, lect
ured at the University of California this
afternoon on the problems of ethnology in
the Philippines. He described from an
ethnological standpoint the races in the
Philippines and told where they were to
be found In the various East India Isl
ands.
In speaking of the "true Malay." the
leading race of the islands, Dr. Barrows
eaid:
The Malay is not a diminishing race. It is
increasing. It is full of virility, ambition and
ability to progress. It has a future I believe
emong the races of the world. The mission of
the United States in the Philippines, if it seems
to have one at all, is to overcome the race
prejudice and misunderstanding: which exist
between the Malays and the white race. This
frreat undertaking must be accomplished in
order to insure peace and tranquillity between
thera.
« Dr. Barrows will speak again to-mer
row evening in Stiles HaJL The subject
will deal with the Philippines.
MAN WHO COMMITTED SUI
CIDE IN THE ARLINGTON
HOTEL IN OAKLAND.
Women' Students Hold
tHe Last Meeting of j
the Year.
two' men injubed
in. -'college city
BERKELEY, 'April 18.— Joseph Mc-
Keown, who resides ,at 2226 Telegraph
avenue, had his right shoulder blade shat
tered In a. runaway accident yesterday
evening. He was driving south along Ox
ford street: in a light wagon, when, his
horse became unmanageable and '. ran
away. At the corner of Oxford'street and
Allston way the wagon was overturned
and McKeown was thrown out on his
right shoulder. The full extent of his in
juries is as yet undetermined, but. he' is
seriously, if not fatally, hurt.. .
McKeown up to a few months ago was
employed at the university. He has a
wife and family.
Michael Murphy, a laborer, had his left
shoulder blade broken this morning while
at work helping to remove the eucalyptus
trees on the site for the Hearst mining
building in the University of California
grounds. A tall, slender shoot from ; the
roots of a larger tree fell without warning
when other trees which supported it had
been removed. Murphy was working with
his back to it and only the top branches
struck him. Curious to say. the fracture
was caused by a branch but little larger
than an ordinary switch. His head was
also cut and bruised. Dr. H. N.-Rowell
and Dr. F. H. Payne are attending him,
ond they /pronounce his Injuries serious.
Murphy in a brother-in-law to the street
contractor In North Berkeley of the same
name. .' V . ..;¦.'.
Capitalists of Oakland
Buy Streetcar Sys
tem of Stockton.
RAILROAD LINE
CHANGES HANDS
Salisbury left home yesterday morning,
telling his wifo he intended to go to Oak
land to make some collections for the
Everdlng starch factory at West Berke
ley, in which his employers are inter-
There is nothing In hla business affairs with
us which can throw any light on the case.
We have not seen Mr. Salisbury since last
Tuenday.' He had complained of being ill on
Monday, which waa collection day. After
the bank closed I told him to go home. Tues
day he was on hand, but waa still complaining
of illness, so we sent him home.
Mr. Salisbury had been In our employ for
four years. There 1* nothing: wrong with his
accounts. X know that, for I have looked over
his books. -
That suicide had been in the man's
mind was manifest from the of
strychnine' and laudanum which" were
found in Salisbury's pockets. The labels
en - the vials were worn, as If carried in.
the pockets for several days.
Salisbury's employers say they are as
much in the dark concerning the cause of
their bookkeeper's death as Is his wife.
After being notified that Salisbury had
ended his life under peculiar circum
stances, J. C. Everdlng said:
- The wife quickly identified her husband.
She did not exhibit great surprise- al
though later she declared she could not
find any cause for his act.
Fcison Found on Body. ,
bullet had been aimed straight through
the heart.
OAKLAND; ' April 18.— Under cir
cumstances which enshroud the
case in much mystery Paola E. J.
Salisbury, accountant^ for J.
Everding & Co., hay and grain
merchants of San Francisco, and a prom
inent fraternal order man, committed sui
cide yesterday or. last night at the Arl
ington. .. Hotel. -Ninth and Washington
streets, by shooting himself through the
heart with a Distol.
The anxious search of the suicide's wife
uncovered the deed. Worried because her
husband did not return last night to his
home. 1927 University avenue, Berkeley,
Mrs. Salisbury started j on a tour of the
hotels In Oakland this morning, making
inquiry about her absent husband. At
the Arlington the name "P. J. Early" on
the hotel register had a familiar appear
ance. \ „
"That is my husband's handwriting,
declared Mrs. Salisbury.
It was a. matter of a few moments to
go to room 32, which had been rented by
"Early " The door was forced, after re
peated knockings had failed to bring a
response. ; . . •' ,
The body of Salisbury, who had given
the false name, was, found fully dressed
and lying on a lounge. There was a pool
of blood and a pistol on the floor, me
CAPTURE SLAYER
OF HUGH DUFFY
Tf-*v ERKELEY, April 18.-Miss Louise
I _</ M. Garland, the University of
I ~^V California student who was taken
II, t JJ with violent delirium from over
study a few weeks ago in this
city, died yesterday afternoon at a Liver
more sanitarium. She had been removed
NEW OFFICERS
ARE INSTALLED
Administration of Estate Is Made
Easier by Compromise — Spring
Valley Again Suffers.
OAKLAND, April 18.— In accordance
with the compromise recently entered
into between the heirs, the will of the
late Arthur W. Jee, the wealthy Incom
petent, who died recently, was admitted
to probate to-day in Judge Ellsworth's
court. By the terms of the compromise
W. F. Barton, who Is executor of the
will, and Percy H. Coward, executor of a
codicil that is disputed, stepped aside and
permitted t*he Public Administrator to be
administrator of the estate. Now if the
heirs named in the will want to contest
Coward's claim they can. otherwise the
probate will go ahead. ¦
The Epring Valley Water Works was
the sufferer again to-day in a legal dis
pute over technicalities in Judge Greene's
court, where Mrs. John R. Clough is pros
ecuting a suit against the corporation for
Nlles Canyon water rights. Its demurrer,
motion to strike out and motion to sepa
¦ rate causes were all denied. It has twen
ty flays to answer and put in Its case.
The rights of apprentices are involved
in a suit that has just been decided in
Judge Stetson's court. Hiram Donaldson
sued the Oakland Iron Works for $19
wages. The defendants claim that he
was under agreement with them to serve
out an apprenticeship and that he broke
the contract when he quit without notice.
Judge Stetson decided in favor of the
plaintiff. The case will be appealed.
Judge Ellsworth appointed Flora Pan
tosky guardian of her husband, Herman
Pantoskyy who wa* recently declared in
sane.
there Immediately after the attack,' but
she sank continually and remained deli
rious to the end. The flag at the univer
sity was lowered to-day to half-mast In
respect to her memory.
Miss Garland had a' record as a bright
student and a hard* worker. As a mem
ber of the college of letters she was con
tinually poring 6ver the ancient classics,
and to this constant mental effort is cred
ited the breaking down. of her brain and
her final death. While here she lived
with Mrs. C. E. Atkinson at 2316 Allston
way. When her Illness first came upon her
she became bo violent that other students
residing In the same place were compelled
to hold her. She was sent to the sanita
rium with the thought that her Insanity
would leave her as soon as her mind wa3
free from her studies.
Miss Garland was the daughter of R. H.
Garland of Redlands. She would have
graduated next month but for her fatal
illness. The body will be shipped to Red
lands for interment.
AETHTTB, W. JEE'S WILL
IS ADMITTED TO PROBATE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 18.
By giving his wife $3000 John Simonds,
the eaw manufacturer, puts a chasm be
tween himself and»her forever and ends
aU the talk that has been going on ever
since she began suit against him a while
ago for maintenance.
The terms of the agreement are made
public in a document that was filed to-day
in the County Recorder's office. She
agrees to relinquish all claims to further
alimony and possession of their former
home at 2412* Channing way, Berkeley, in
consideration of $a»0 that he gives her.
She waives all present and future rights
end both agre3 to go their ways, never to
cross each other's path again.
The Simondses were married four years
ago in San Francisco after she had come
ail the way across the continent in re
eponse to his proposal. He was her fourth
husoand.
They soon began to disagree. She didn't
like California and he didn't like her son,
whom he characterized as "the star
boarder." Finally he left home and com
pelled her to sue him for maintenance.
Mrs. Simonds came out ahead in her
suit. He lost his temper on the stand in
Judge Halls court while trying to prove
that hers was irascible. That counted
against him with the Judge, who ordered
him to pay her JT5 a month and let her
live in their unhappy home for the rest ol
her days.
To this penalty Simonds objected and
threatened to get a new trial, if he could.
The prospect for more notoriety was so
abhorrent to the wife that she capitulated
•when overtures for a settlement were
made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, ' 1118 Broadway, April 18. ';
N. O. Nelson,' founder of a Utopian
town in Illinois, ¦; just across ;', the Missis
sippi River from St. ;; Louis, ; was given a
dinner \ by the Ruskin Club this evening
at' the Hotel Metrdpole. ; : Mr. Nelson is
here on a visit that mixes pleasured with
business and as he is an out-and-out So
cialist he is being received by socialistic
bodies wherever , he goes. . "-v/-. ? -
While the dinner was given in his.honor
there were other prominent guests pre.s
ent, among .them Mayor Schmitz of San
Francisco, the Rev. B. Fay Mills, the Rev.
George Fuller Professor Walter T.: Mills,
Robert S. Knight, John Henry Dickman
Jr.,, Joshua P. Garlick.M. ,V. Roark, Ar
thur C. Gutterson, and. Herman Lesser.;
The round-table after the dessert was
led by A. A; Dennison on the subject
'"Spots on the Urn."... The. origin and cure
of existing social evils were elaborately
analyzed, Mr. Nelson, Mayor Schmitz and
the other guests entering enthusiastically
into the spirit of the discussion.' After
dinner Mr. Nelson was invited • to- talk
about trades unionism and the capitalist.
His auditors thought he) was going to in
clude a description of Le Claire,"the'Illi
nois -town- that he is responsible for, but
he didn't say a word about it.
He might have told how Le Claire Is a
place of unmixed happiness, where the
people live in almost perfect equality and
share In the government and profit-shar
ing of their employer, but he left that all
for next Sunday evening when he will
address the congregation of the First
Unitarian Church on the subject. . ,
'¦ "Thee trades union movement," he said,
"while general and beneficial, is not the
ultimate end of this fight for social re
form by any means. My experience with
trades unionists and also my observation
is that they don't make unreasonable de
mands and that eventually : socialization
in the means of manufacture and distri
bution will be the result of their pioneer
ing.
"In regard to the New Zealand plan of
arbitration I think some of the provisions
are a littje harsh,' but these will adjust
themselves after a while. It is my opin
ion that trades unions are a form of co
operation. \Ve had to have them before
we could come to a realizing sense^of the
strength that lies in unification.
,"As an employer of labor I have seen a
great deal to convince me that there are
irreconcilable differences between the em
ployer and employe. I don't think these
can ever be fully bridged, but it seems
to me that there must be some way by
which the breach can be kept narrow.
.This will come through a more ready
sympathy between the two conditions and
the co-operation that -socialism w»rks
for." •
Mayor Schmitz said that he could not
see how it was possible to wholly elimin
ate capital as a force in the world. He
believed it to be necessary to make- the
world go round. He advised the working
men to stand together. ....•
"The greatest enemy of the working
man." he said, "Is the political boss— the
political demagogue— and you. want, to
Bteer clear of him if you ever, hope to reg
ulate capital."
The members of the Ruskin Club pres
ent were Austin Lewis, Jack London,
Halvor Hauch, Felix Peano. • John L.
Burnslde, A. H. 'Sutherland, -A. A: Den
nison. J. -George- Smith, Frederick I.
Bamford and H. S. Walker.
Saw Manufacturer's Threat
Forces Former Spouse
to Capitulate.
Says Trades Union;Movement
• Is Not End'of Fight for ';
; Reform. : "' l: :
Agrees to Go Her Way
for Stipulated Sum,
and* It -Is' Paid.
The Founder of Utopian
Town Honored Guest
of Socialists.'
RUSKIN CLUB
DINES NELSON
SIMONDS' WIFE
ACCEPTS MONEY
¦¦•;,. ..¦-.-¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ , . ¦¦¦.--. ¦ •¦ , ¦¦•¦¦.•
THE SAN FKA:N CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1902.
Miss Louise M. . Garland of tlie State' University
Passes Away at a Livermore Sanitarium* *
DEATH ENDS DELIRIUM
OF OVERWORKED STUDENT
Under GircumstancesW the Case in Much Mystery,
lPao!a E* J; Salisbury Sends Bullet Through His Heart
WIFE MAKES SEARCH FOR HUSBAND
AND FINDS HIM DEAD, A SUICIDE
ested. He hired the room at the Arling
ton at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, going
there almost directly from hla home.
Nothing was found upon his person that
would throw light on the cause of the
suicide. Only a few private letters and
tome pocket odds and ends were brought
to light- by Deputy Coroner Quellen, who
removed the body to the Morgue.
The dead accountant was in the real
estate business In San Francisco befora
going to the Everdlngs. He had been re
garded by some as eccentric and waa of
a highly nervous temperament. Several
vears ago, while driving a buggy in San
Francisco, Salisbury was struck by a
missile thrown by a boy. Salisbury pulled
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
SWEET BREATH
When Coffee Is Left Off.
A test was made to find if just the
leaving off of coffee alone would produce
ar. equal condition of health as when cof-
fee is left off and Postum Food Coffee
used in it* place.
A man from Clinton, WIs.. made the ex- !
periment. He says: "About a year ago I
left off drinking coffee and tea and .began
to use Postum. For several years pre-
vious my system had been in wretched
condition. I always had a thickly furred,
bilious tongue and foul breath often ac-
* companied with severe headaches. I was
troubled all the time with chronic con-
stipation so that I was morose In dispo-
sition and almost discouraged.
"At the end of the first week after
making the change from coffee to Pos-
tum I witnessed a marvelous change in
myself. My once coated tongue cleared
off, my email appetite Increased, breath
became sweet and the headaches ceased
entirely. One tning I wish to state em-
phatically, you have in Postum a virgin
remedy for constipation, for I certainly
had about the worst case ever known
among mortals, and I am completely
cured of It I feel in every way like a
new person.
"During the last summer I concluded
that I would experiment to; see if the
Postum kept me In good shape or whether
I had got well from Just leaving off
coffee. So I quit Postum for -quite a
time and drank cov-oa and water. I found
out. before two weeks were past, that
something was wrong, and I began to get
costive as of old. It was evident the
liver was not working properly," so I be-
came convinced It was not the avoidance
of coffee alone that cured me, t but, the
great value came from, the regular use
cl Postum"VTWO STEAM , SCHOONERS
MAKING 'PORT j AFTER A
HEAD-ON COLLISION.
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The. high and lew waters occur at
the city ' front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-rive minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 'is the 'same at both places.
¦ Steamer. From. •' | Due.
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro *Dr 10
Rival. Willapa Harbor Apr! 19
IsorthFork.. Huipboldt Apr VJ
Lakme ....... Portland & Astoria .... Aprl 13
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor Apr 19
Macklnav/... Tacoraa Apr 20
Pomona Humboldt Apr' 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Apr! 20
M. Dollar.... Hadlock & Whatcom... Apr. 20
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Apr 21
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Pts.. Apr 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr.' 21
Krtlth Seattle a™- 21
Pleiades Seattle Apr 21
Tellus..": Oyster Harbor .;....¦... Apr' *>i
Crescent City Crescent City Apr' 2°
Arctic Humboldt Apr' '.22
Eureka Humboldt Apr' 22
Sta. Barbara. San Pedro Apr.' 22
Ban Juan.... Panama & Way PortB.. Apr' 22
Doric...... <T. China & Japan Apr z2
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr *>2
Titania Nanaimo Apr 23
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Apr' 24
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 24
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
O. w. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr 25
Sequoia Grays Harbor Apr 25
Ne wburg . . . . Grays Harbor Apr 26
Australia.... Tahiti Apr "»e
Curacao Mexican Ports. Apr" 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports...... Apr! 27
San Jose..... Panama & Way Ports .. Apr °9
KantaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr., 29
fj TO 8AIL. •
Steamer.' Destination. (Sails. | Pier.
April 19. ~\~ ~ ¦-.-
Argo Ferndale & Eel RIv 5 pmlPier 2
Kureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Portland... Nome. via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
- - April 20.
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt OrM 12 m Pier IS
Mandalay.. Coquilie River . .j. : 10 am Pier 2
Fhcenlx.... Mendocino City .... 12 m Pier 13
Spokane... Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 8 amjPler 11
Empire.... Coos Bay ....*..... 10 am Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt'.......... 2 pm|Pler -2
Umatil(a... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPirr 9
A Ai>rll 22.
Pomona... Humboldt- '. ... 1:30 plPier R
S. Barbara. Seattle direct ...... 5 pmPler 2
North Fork Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
April 23..
Rival...... Willapa • Harbor. ..'. 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am "ier 24
... April 24. - l * r **
Lakme Astoria &' Portland. ...v. . Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt ...... .-. . 10 am Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego :& Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts '9 am Pier 11
' - • ¦ ' April -25.' - • . . , ;
BeEEle K... Golofnln- Bay-Teller pier
• f - April 26. .
City Puebla Puget . Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
.. April 28. :• 1 ¦
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am' Pier 24
San Juan.v. Panama & Way Pts 12 . m PMSS '
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
. , April 20. '
Newburg.. Grays Harbor '..;.'. B pm|Pler 2
FROM SEATTLE. :••• ,
i : — — — — — : — -:: — ' '
¦ Steamer.. -. ..,.-. " .. ' For.- ;-. : ¦; Sails.'
Dolphin J....". Skagway & Way 'Ports. Apr. 10
City of Topekf Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon. . .- . . Skagway. & , Way ; Ports. Apr. 20
Nome City... Nome direct •....;.•....-. Apr ' °i
Al-Kl........ Skagway. & Way. Ports. Apr! 23
Jc-anie Nome direct '.....'. Apr."' 24
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Apr 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way i'ts.iApr. 25
Dirlgo. . ..;.. Skagway & vWay Ports.lApr. 27
City Seattle. : Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.lApr. 30
Sun, ; Moon and Tidt.
United. States -Coast - and . Geodetic Survey—
' Times and '¦ Heights of .High "and Low'
r Waters at Fort Point, entrance to -Baa
Matters of Interest to ;. Mariners and
j , Shipping, Merchants..
J. ' The British ship ' Lydgate 'Is chartered for
. J^at l » Europe at 23s Cd; If to a direct port.
• . ... , - . ¦-¦¦••,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Time Ball.
Branch -Hydrographlc Office, U. S. : N.','; Mer
. ¦ chants' Exchange, San : Francisco. Cal..
April is, 1002. ¦ -,- x : ,•;—••
. The Time. Ball on the tower of 'the ''Ferry
eulldln? was : dropped - exactly at • noon ¦ to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or .'at 8
p. m., mean time. > * ', •¦-
- • • W. H. STANDLET. ..
Lieutenant,. U.. S. N.,: In charge.
The British ship Argus, from Hamburg to
Port Los Angeles, is . reported : at Montevideo
with sundry losses and ' damages ' sustained in
heavy weather In the North Atlantic "-TV m
_ The schooner King Cyrus, from Honolulu for
w?s at her des " na »-
Reinsurance on the Sam Skolfield-II and the
cent WaS yesterday advanced to 40 per
Bailroad Ties to Guatemala.
The steam collier Jlineola will sail shortly
for Tacoma to load railroad ties to be used on
the Guatemala Central Railroad.
Water Front Notes.
The American Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's new freighter Alaskan cleared yesterday
for New York via Honolulu. She will have
her trial trip to-day and to-morrow or Monday
will start on^-her maiden voyage. -
Trial Trip To-T>ay.
Hind. Rolph & Co.'s' schooner Lahaina has
arrived at Port Natal from Puget Sound after
I "B^kaMy ««•=* passages The Lahatna
nolds the record betwe«n Shanghai and Puget
Sound. . ¦ - . . . ¦ .
Lahaina's Quick Passage.
James Verdagie, a four-year-old boy, who
lives at 324 -Broadway, was injured yesterday
in an elevator at Sansome and Pacific streets
The little fellow caught hit left foot between
the floor or the | elevator and the shaft. The
loot was badly lacerated and four toes were
torn and dislocated. His injuries were at
tended to. at the Harbor Hospital.
Hurt in an Elevator.
The Pacific Mall steamship Acapnlco sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports with a
large cargo and passengers as follows:
C. F. Furry. G. E. Schofleld, B. Llndeman,
Mrs. V. Preciado. Otto Patt and G. Octavla.
Acapulco Sails for Panama.
_, " Friday, April 18.
port" 11 ' ¦ ° 08 Bay ' Gielow ' w hours from Newy
Ar^tmr Alcazar. Martin, 12 hours from Point
do Stm o r ; Phoenix, ,Odland. "u hours from Men-
ArKO. Dunham/ 23 hours from Eel
Stmr N°yo. Johnson, from sea; put back in
Eureka. PedR> ' Jahnsen - 34 hou ™ from
CLEARED.
„, ., , ' i Friday, April 18.
Stmr Alaskan. Banfleld.v New York, via
Honolulu: Williams. Dlmond& Co.
.Mfir r s t eaS CO Co RUSSe11 ': PaClflC
T^sTco MeXaJld<ir - San DISBO: Good 
/tt r A^a^ah^n 61^ 1 *™' / Brl8to1 Bay:
DunVmu^S^s 0^ *£?&. Lad >™ Ith : *
Ch^^^-Co 1 "^ 1 !^ 61800 ' ******•>
Schr Peerless. Rydoll, Bristol Bay; F SchadL
.• /¦ ". < ¦ SAILED. >
„ '- ¦ - Friday, April 18.'
1 S tmr Coronado. Johnson, Grays Harbor. ¦
_btmr AcoduIco. Russell, . Panama and way
Stmr Gipsy." Le!arid> Santa Cruz. " \,
I ttmr Redwood City, Hansen. /• -
. Br stmr Victoria, . Casey. - Ladysmith. \
Russ bktn Bering. Petrooaulovskl. \
. ;..-_ SPOKEN.. A >h } .
March 11, lat 48 S, Ion 01 -W— Br ship Tola,
from Liverpool, for Honolulu .T . "
\[ £ prl l. lt la £, 24 N - Ion 21 W— Fr bark Monte
bello, from Cardiff, for Honolulu.
- •' • MISCELLANEOUS. ".
LONDON, April 18— Br: ship: Argus, bound
r? m » nar ? , s t0T Port k 08 Angeles, Cal. put
into Montevideo with sundry • losses and dam
ages sustained in ; heavy > weather. ' : .
•¦ : " ¦ ¦ TELEGRAPHIC.
,-^POINT LOBOS. April 18. 10 p m— Weather
thick:- wind W, velocity. 12 miles per hour;
lt ,^r. DOMESTIC'PORTS.-
ASTORIA— Sailed ADril IS— Stmrs Columbia
and ¦ Lakme, for San Francisco. '-oiumpia
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 18— Stmr Call
forriian. hence rAnril 14.* for Seattle; schr Annie
M Campbell, hence April 7, for Olympia,- shin
Glory of the Seas, hence April . 9. tofcomox
stmr Queen, hence April 16. for Victoria; schr
Mary.T Foster, from Honolulu, for Port Gam-
Pacsert- out April 18— Br bark Glenmark and
. Br . ship fc Belf ord. from i Tacoma, for Queens
town; schr Victoria, from Tacoma, for Yoko
hama. •- v -.. ' ¦ . -,-K- . "¦ / ¦ " -
tj S^ N ,^ p EDRO--A'rrlved April 18-Schr F S
1^ Vent '-
¦¦:¦¦ Sailed Anrll 18— Schr A F Coates. for Fair
haven ; seh j; t Forest " Home, for - Tacoma. . T. .-.¦
¦'¦;¦ PORTT ANGELES^-Passed in April 18-Schr
Annie M.Campbell, hence April 7,, for Olym-
Jj» 'bay April 18— Br bark Peter Iredale
¦: PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived i April 18-Shr
King. Cyrus, from Honolulu.' with rudder head
C«ne. ":¦<'•" ¦ ; ;.: » A s > . '-¦::¦ .. ... . .,-- j. t .
. ! Passed Inward Aprll ¦¦ is— Stmr : CaJIfornian,
her.ee April 14. for 'Seattle. •
Sailed ApririS— Bark Kah Davenport. ' from
Seattle, . for -Hunters Bay. ... ¦-• ;
-EUREKA— Arrived .. April ' 18— Stmr ' Santa
Monica, hence April 16, for- Grays -Harbor •
Btmrs Pomona and Arctic, hence April 17.
* Sailed » Asril 18 — Stmr Ruth; ; for. San . Fran
cisco; ' etmr Santa Monica,'" for Grays Harbor- •
stmr. North. Fork. * for 'San Francisco. -
SEATTLE— Arrived ='. April 18— Stmr" 'Call
fornian,- hence April-. 14 j-strnf. City, of Topeka ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Dutch steamship Folmlna will to-day
be placed on the Hunters Point drydock for a
cleaning and general overhauling. On the
Merchants' drydock this will be a busy day
and quite a fleet of Uttlc vessels will be taken
out of the water for scraping: and painting
purpose*. Those that will be docked are ; thf
tugs Redmond and Monarch, the army trans
port tender Slocum end the schooner J B
Kany Vessels for Drydock.
Fifteen sailors deserted the French bark
Saint Rogatien at Beale- street wharf during
Thursday night. Boarding-house runners were
responsible for this wholesale- leaving. The
men left their clothes behind and these Can
tain Arneau will turn Into the ship's slop chest
foc^tfce -future use of crews to come. Three of
the deserters returned and demanded their
clothes. They accompanied the demand with a
show cf violence and were promptly arrested
oa a charge of disturbing the peace. v
French Sailors Desert.
OCEAN : STEAMERS.
- HALIFAX— Arrived - Anril 18 — Stmr Ionian
from Liverpool and Moville.X
-^-BOSTON— Arrived ; April 18— Stmr Common
wealth, from •Liverpool and Movilie '
Arrived , April 18— Stmr" New
England, -from' Boston. ; f - •
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived . April ' 18— Stmr
Lucanla, from New York, for ; Liverpool. - and
proceeded without • communicating with the
shore on account- of . rough weather." . ¦ ¦ ¦
r Sailed ' April -' 18— Stmr Mercer. * from' Liver
pool," for • Boston. : r ,• '.-/-¦ - . ,•'•¦
•-. KOBE— Sailed April IS— Stmr • Chin* "Wo
f rom ; .Tacoma; etc. for London, r
SINGAPORE — The reswrted /sailing ' on the
15th of .the- stmr. Chlng'Wo from'Taeoma etc
for London, ¦¦ was error.'.' , , *.. - ¦¦ '
' NAPLES— Sailed April . 18— Stmr Phoenicia
for : New -York; -¦''. «r. '. ;. j
-. LONDON— Sailed April '. IS— Stmr Manitou
for New*' York. - ' " ¦:• ¦-..-• . '
• BOULOGNE-^-Salled •• April 18— Stmr ' Rhyn
dam. for Rotterdam,, for New.Lork. • ¦-•¦ -
! GENOA— Arrived April lS-^Stmr Lahn,- from
New York, via. Gibraltar and Naples. - - •
from Skagway; U S stmr Manzanfta. from
cruise.
Sailed -April 17— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway;, stmr Jeanie, for Quadra Bay. '.
Sailed April IS— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco; bark Guy C Goss, for Nushagak; stmr
Santa Ana, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 18— Br" stmr Garonne, from
Tacoina. .' '
f ROGUE RIVER— Sailed April 16 — Schr Del
Norte, for San Francisco. ••
PORT KENYON— Sailed April 17. 6 pm—
Stmr Arco, for San Francisco. - •
REDONDO— Sailed April 17— Stmrs Aber
deen and Santa Barbara, for San Pedro.
. .FOREIGN PORTS/
PANAMA — To sail AorH : 19 — Stmr Leelanaw
for ¦ San ' Francisco.
MAZATLAN- Sailed April 17— Stmr San
Juan, for San Francisco. . • • . - •
GUATMAS- Sailed. April 17— Stmr Curacao
for San Francisco. ' ' • ...
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 18— Stmr City
of Peking, hence March 29. . . ¦ • -. . , • ¦
• Sailed -¦• April 17 — Stmr •' Olympia, for Ta
coma. April 10— Br ttmr Algoa, for San Fran
cisco. - .'¦.;¦••.., .. . - •;
DEAL — Passed April 17— Br stmr British
General.' hence Oct 30, ¦ for London. "--
KINSALE — Passsd April 17 — Br ship Mll
tiades. hence Dec 23,-for Queenstown - .-'
PRAWLE POINT — Pasaed April 17— Dutch
ship Nederland,' hence Dec 22, for London.
SHANGHAI— In port April 1— Br ship Queea
.Victoria, for San Francisco. ;' . ,
¦ NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed April 18— Br
ship Eulomene. ¦ for San Erandsco. ¦ ¦¦
¦ ¦ SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed April 3— Ger bark
Antitrone, for. Royal • Rbads. • . -
SWANSEA— Sailed April 16— Ft bark Mare
chal de Villars, -for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Arrived Anril 16— rFr bark Be!
len. from Oregon;- Br bark Hinemoa, hence
Dec 24. . . •
-IPSWITCH— Arrived ADril 18— Ital bark
Francesco Clam pa, hence Nov 20. v ' ¦'.
LEGHORN — Arrived April 14 — Br etmr Falls
of Keltic, from -Seattle. - . ""
MADEIRA — Arrived ' March ¦ 80— Br stiar
Wenninston Hall.^from Cardiff. :
ST .VINCENT-— Arrived . April , 17— Br stmr
Clumberhall, ifrom-Iquique. • ¦
' LONDON— Arrived April 18— Br ship British
General, t hence Oct 30. • ¦ -.¦.<. - -
• ' QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 17— Fr bark
Due d'Aumale. for London. • ,
- Arrived ADril 18^-Br ; ship Miltlades. hence
- . IQUIQTJB— Sailed April 17— Schr Sehome,
for Honolul*. '. ..' .. ¦ . •. .»
We are selling' agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2.50 to $10
each, and sole ager\ts for the "Marshall."
the best $1.00 fountain pen in the world
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
/The Best Fountain Fens.
Benefit Entertainment for Boers.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Boer women and children In the concen
tration camps of South Africa will be
given at Metropolitan Temple Thursday
evening, April 24. Mayor Schmitz, Rev
B. Fay Mills and several pastors of city
churches will speaic and an Interesting
musical programme will be rendered. Miss
Busaa McDowell will deliver the address
of the evening on "Life in the Concentra
tion Camps in South Africa.""
Seeks to Recover Mining Claims.
F. J. Perkins filed a suit against Percy
t; Morgan yesterday for the reconvey
ance of v two raining claims In Oregon and
for money expended in developing them.
He alleges Morgan obtained them fraudu
lently. -
. SATURDAY. APRIL 19.
Sun rise's .....5-29
Sun sots .'........ . Q-in
Moon sets ..3:35 a. m.
D Time Time - Time " Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
•_ t, W H W L, W - v H W
19 3:10 1.4 9:32 TTi iTlO ~L3 9I5T ~b!b
20 8:67 ;1.0 10:27 4.9 3:5G 1.6 10:27 5 5
21 4:39 0.7 11:19 4.9 4:34 1.0 11:01 5.5
22 5:16 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11:34 5.4
23 5:55 0.2 12:52 4.6 5:44 2.5... .
H W L, W H W L.W
24 0:03 5.3 6:35 0.2 l:Sfl 4.4 6:10 "8
25 0:30 5.1 7:13 0.3 2:25 4.3 6:55 2*0
26 0:5S 4.8 7:53 0.4 3:171 4.2 7:36 3.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides. of the
day in. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth timo column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted. from the depth given by
the charts. The, plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Dr. George T. Brady and Dr. George
M. Chase both declared that the other
Bide had five or Elx men to assist In th»ir
attack upon them, and the McNevins and
Kenny were as positive that the two doc
tors had from five to eight men who wera
concealed in the bushes. William Mc-
Nevin said there must have been thaz
number because every time he shot out
his good right hand some one bit the
dust. Dr. Chase took upon himself to
cross-examine the opposite side, but he
¦was not a success, and several times ha
had to be called to order by the Judge.
There was a desire on both sides to
keep Mrs. Gertrude Piper from belns
called as a witness, and she escaped tha
ordeaL Although the Judge, in dismiss-
Ing the cases, asked for a suspension of
hostilities, both sides eyed each other in
Buch a manner as to lead to the belief
that his advice would not be heeded if the
occasion offers.
Judge Cabanlss, after listening to the
stories told by the opposing forces at the
battle In Union Square Monday night, ad
vised them to cease hostilities In the
future and dismissed the charges of bat
tery against Harry and William McNevin
and Lou Kenny.
Nevins and Lou Kenny Are
Dismissed.
Charges of Battery Against the Mc-
BOTH SIDES CAUTIONED
TO SUSPEND HOSTILITIES
"It is known that a mild stimulant well
diluted with, Apollinaris was drunk by
Queen Victoria, under the advice of her
physician, Sir William Jenner, and now
we even find the London Times, ceremoni
ously stating in its column of news about
royalty that the Apollinaris Company has
been appointed purveyors of natural min
eral water to. the King and to the Prince
of Wales. Between this association with
royalty and. the worth of the water it Is
easy, to understand why on nearly every
table in London hotels a bottle of Apol
linaris can be seen as an accompaniment
to the meal, but the special point is that
the glass of ordinary water with ice is not
asked for or served." ~ s^.
A well known Fifth-avenue Hotel man'
says: "We Americans" have not yet fully
overcome the pernicious ice water habit,
for many people here still expect that a
glass with ordinary water almost filled,
with ice be served to them at once. Or
dinary water to fbe palatable must., be
served too cold to be healthful, while a
wholesome effervescent table .water. on'
account of its carbonic acid gas is ra
freshing even , If served without Ice, so
long a? It be cool. It is, however, already
noticeable that ¦ Americans, particularly
those who have traveled much, are more
and more acquiring the preferable Apol
linaris habit, although they have not yet
fully reached the same stage as our Brit
ish friends. - . - - . -
No Ice Water for Royalty.
Although the San Pedro had ten passen
gers aboard, none of them knew of the
accident until they awoke this morning.
In spite v of a heavy tarpaulin that was
speedily rigged over the San Pedro's
shattered bow she made water rapidly,
and the engine-room fires were soon ex
tinguished. The Noyo took her in tow
and brought her to port. In order to
lighten the strain on the twisted hull
1,400,000 shingles were Jettisoned.
First Mate Anderson was on the bridge
of the Noyo, which left here on Thurs
day for Fort Bragg, when the accident
occurred. He did not see the San Pedro
he said, on account of the Noyo's fore
sail being set. He heard her whistle and
answered it, but what he did after that
he declines to discuss beyond saying that
he knew something was going to -happen.
Captain Johnson, who was in his bunk
at the time, passes up his interest In the
occurrence to the local inspectors of hulls
and boilers. I . ' ,
"Let Bolles and 'Bulger find out." he
says.
We left Eureka at 7 o'clock Thursday morn-
Ing. All went well until about 12:50 this
morning, when about thirty-fiVe miles north
west of Point Reyes we saw a light about two
miles ahead. The night was inclined to be
misty, but was clear enough for purposes of
navigation. Hedwell, the second mate, was on
the bridge with me. As we approached the
light I blew one whistle and put my wheel to
port. The Xoyo answered my whistle, put her
wheel to starboard and ran plumb Into us.
That's all I have to say about It.
The San Pedro was the greater sufferer.
She was struck on the port side of the
bow, her stem was taken clean out of her
and her planking was started to an
alarming extent. Had she not been load
ed with lumber nothing could have saved
her from a rapid trip to the bottom.
Captain Jahnsen of the San Pedro tells
of the accident as follows:
WITH thirty-five miles of water
on one side and the width of
the Pacific Ocean on oth
er, the steam schooners San
Pedro and Noyo ran Into each
other early yesterday morning, head on.
A watertight bulkhead prevented ths
Noyo from sinking and a load of lumber
buoyed up the San Pedro. The San Pedro
arrived yesterday afternoon in tow of the
Noyo. ' •
Captain Jahnsen of the San Pedro
places the blame on the Noyo.
Captain Johnson c* the Noyo said, "Let
Bolles and Bulger find out."
The bark Prussia leads himber at Blakeley
for Honolulu. - • ••
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Acapulco sailed yesterday for
Panama and way popjs with cargro for Central
America, exclusive of some in transit, valued
at ?S0,437, and for Mexico $10,759. The cargo
Included the following merchandise and prod
uce: . ;
For Central America— 1493 bbls flour. 43.628
lbs malt, 300 lbs beans, 40 csks bottled beer.
3480 gals coal oil, 96 pkgs dry goods. 21 -bales
cotton domestics, 1 cargo lighter, 242 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 187 lbs hops. 674 lbs ham
and bacon, -107 pkgs hardware, 42 bdls 63 pes
Iron, 10 cs liquor; 4700 ft lumber, 2 rkgs ma
chinery, 136 cs nails, 6 bales oakum 268 pkgs
paints and oils, 55 crts potatoes, 55 pkgs
paper, 10.975 lbs rice, 51 bdls 30 pes pipe. 9610
lbs resin. 010 lbs spices, 792 lbs soda, 12 pkgs
ship chandlery, 948« lbs tallow. 32 cs 11SG gals
wine, 2<T pkgs windmills. 20 reels barbed wire.
240 cs whisky.
For Mexico— 22.900 lbs malt, 45,635 ft lum
ber. 945 lbs millstuffs, 8 cs arms and-ammu
nltion. li pkgs bicycles and sundries, 524 lbs
butter, 2038 lbs bread. 9 cs boots and shoes.
53 cs canned goods, 5 tons coal, 11 pkgs dry
goods, 10 pkgs drugs, 46 pkgs electrical, sup
plies, 243 pkgs groceries and provisions 77
pkgs hardware. 53 pkgu machinery, 38 /crts
potatoes and onions, 75 bdls paper. 181 pkgs
pipe. 10 coils-rope, 660 bdls shooks. 2412 lbs
BU^ r>^ 200 lbs Boda - 21 ca 8ho * findings. 8 bdls
steel, 22 pkgs ship chandlery. 0 cs canned sal
mon. 180 pkgs tank material, 817 gals wine 8
PKjjs wire. . ¦ --
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
An entertainment was given last night
in Scottish Hall, under the auspices of
jtfie literary committee of the Caledonian
; Club, composed of J/ A. McLeod, James
H. Duncan and Neil Lindsay. The hall
was crowded with members of the club
and their lady friends and seating accom
modation could not be supplied for all.
Chief A. M. Macpherson presided.
An interesting programme was present
ed. It opened with selections on the bag
pipes by Pipers Lindsay and Ross. Then
followed songs by-Miss Ella Teeling, Miss
Chaffers, Miss Dlttemar and Miss Hattle
Wilson, each one being encored. Miss
Sybil Campbell, the most graceful High
land dancer on' the coast, danced the
sword dance and the Highland fling in
costume and was- enthusiastically ap
plauded. Mr. and Miss Fairgrleve played
Scotch selections on the piano and cornet,
and J. R. Cameron, known as "Casey the
Flddier," played reels pn the violin. Pro
fessor Reid made his first appearance in
this city and gave a humorous ventrilo
qulal entertainment, followed by comic
songs. The programme was thoroughly
| enjoyed and a vote of thanks was passed
1 to the literary committee.
tertainment of Scotch. Songs
. - and Dances. '
Literary Committee Provides an En-
CALEDONIANS ENJOY
A PLEASANT EVENING
Miss ! Olive '•Catharine Longabaugh,* a
trained . nurse.'X residing at 791 Hayes
street, is named as legatee of the late Ed
ward R. Swain in the will of the de
ceaiBe'd,', which was filed for probate yes
terday. It is a peculiar will, in that it cuts
off the Swain family from any share of
the estate, with_the exception of a legacy
of $1 each to the two brothers of the tes
tator, . F. A. ¦ and . Charles Swain, one of
whom resides in this city and the other In
New York. It is probable,' however, .that
Miss Longabaugh will never receive the
legacy, as the will is Invalid in that it is
not entirely holographic, it being written
on a_letternead of fa wain's,-" the" date lino
being printed thereon. Many decisions of
the Supreme Court have declared that
holographic wills .not- "entirely" in the
handwriting, of a testator are invalid.
Miss Longabaugh, it is said, was engaged
to be married to Swain for several months
prior to his death. He was ill for several
months at. the residence of her sister. Dr.
Emily j Hartman, before his removal to
Lane's " Hospital. She accompanied • him
to the hospital and nursed him until his
death' occurred on the 10th lnst. Swain's
estate is estimated to be worth "more
than $10,000." His architect's library, at
his office in the Crocker building, and the
office fixtures, he leaves to G. .R. Ward,
a lifelong friend, and to \V. E\ Pinkham,
his business associate, he leaves the fix
tures of his office in Honolulu. V -
Harry D. LovelaAd expressed the senti
ments of the gathering when he said that
the merchants of San Francisco were glad
cf an opportunity to show to the people
of the interior towns and cities that they
have the warm sympathy of San Fran
cisco.
Charles Bundschu. Leopold Michels, H.
D. Loveland. Andrea Sbarboro, T. C
Friedlander. Walter M. Castle. Rufus P.
Jennings. J. A. Filcher, I* P. Currier and
J. D. Grant took part in discussing the
several features cf the excursion. In the
original plan It was arranged that the
party should go to Bakersneld by .the
Santa Fe and return by the Southern
Pacific line. Some of the business men
thought that It would be better to start
by the Southern Pacific and return ths
ether way. On motion of T. C Fried
lander it was voted that all further ar
rangements shali be left to the sub-com
mittees of the general committee, with
power to act.
At least one hundred business men will
make the trip. The invitations will be
confined to the business community. Very
likely the number of excursionists will far
exceed one hundred. The minimum is
one hundred. Every excursionist will pay
his own expenses. The committee on ar
rangements has not finally concluded its
understanding with the , railroad people
but there will be unquestionably a very
low rate, which will include the charge
for the sleeper. v
The Saa Francisco business men who
are going to visit the Bakersfield carnival
*nd street fair next month may go down
in a decorated special train with a brass
band, waving banners and placards bear
ing messages of good cheer to the entire
San Joaquin Valley. Such was the sug
gestion made by Charles Bundschu of the
Merchants' Association at a meeting'
which was held yesterday in the hall of
the Chamber of Commerce. Joseph D.
Grant presided at the deliberations, Tjhich
attracted representatives of about every'
line of trade in the city. A report was
submitted by the committee on arrange
ments concerning a proposed itinerary.
When this ccme to be discussed it was
epeedily made clear that the general de
slre was to visit as many clues of the
Ban Joaquin \ alley en route as possible
in the time allotted. To accomplish this
the report was referred back to the com
mittee to fix the matter up finally and
definitely.
So far as already decided upon by the
committee the special train will leave
San Francisco on the evening of Thurs
day. May is, at 9 o'clock, and will run
directly through to Bakerslieid, arriving
there at 7 o'clock the following morning.
The Etay in Bakersneld will last until 4
a., m., Jsatuiday, May 10. Then the spe
cial train will ctart on the homeward run
and it is arranged that Fresno shall be
reached at noon Saturday. The torenoon
of that day will be devoted to visiting
Visalia., Kanford and Tulare, the purpose
being to call upon the business men of !
the valley at their own business centers.
From Fresno the trip to San Francisco
will not «be continuous. A stop will be
made at Madera. Tnat is all that is dell
citely decided at present. The spirit of
good fellowship will be cultivated all
along the line.
Architect's Will Probably
Invalid Owing to.
. . Date Line.
Will Invade the Valley With
Brass Band and Wav
ing - Banners. v
Business Men Prepare
for Their Visit to the
Carnival.
- /
Edward R. Swain Cuts
Off brothers With ,
v $l;Each.
Noyo and San Pedro Meet Head |3n and Both Vessels Sustain Seri
ous Damage, but Reach Port With AU Hands Safe*
LEAVES ESTATE
TO HIS NURSE
TWO STEAM SCHOONERS COLLIDE
THROUGH MISTAKE OF NAVIGATOR
DISCUSS TRIP
TO BAKERSFIELD
,THE SAN EBANCISCO vCALL.^ SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 19p2;
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
that arc too fast or too slow,
too strong or too weak, are not
the kind that come from a
healthv heart. Remember,
every heart that pains, flutters,
palpitates, skips beats, and
¦every heart that causes fainting
spells, shortness of breath or.
smothering, is weak or diseased,
end cannot keep the blood cir-
culating at its normal rate. -Ji
ylleart '"' rasTer J "weak andhJ
Kept Bkipplng beats until It '•
!. missed from one to three beats a
I' xmnnte. Well knowing what
the result would be if this trouble
; 5S 8 I began taking
¦ Heart CareT and two
tootues brought the heart actioa
to its normal condition." i
D. D. Holm, S
.. . Huntington, Ind.
Df. Mfles' f l
Hea^t Cute
\>
never fails to benefit weak o t
diseased hearts, when taken in
time. Don't wait, but begin
its use at once. '• Sold by drug-
gists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., E&hart»,IndL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
x g h. & a
Tourists Car
— a Burlington tourist car—
if you would ENJOY your
trip across the continent
The cars are so comfort-
able, ths route so interest-
ing, the people so pleasant,
the excursion manager so ac-
commodating, and the por-
ters so obliging, that yon
simply can *t help being sat-
isfied.
From San Francisco three
times a week — Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis
and points beyond.
Folder giving full inform** t
tion furnished on request.
| """"1 W. D. SANBORN, /
[JiMiifepS San Francisco.
' "" ' ' ¦' California.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.)
Uiatm — • FitoM March 30. 1902. — a»mt»~
7.00a Beslcla, Sulsua, Klmlra and Sscra-
mento 6 657
7JJ0A Vmcarllle. Wintem, Rumaey™ 7.55*
7-30 -». Almrtlnez. San Bamoa, Vallejo,
Napa. Callstoga. Santa Rosa...... 6-2&F
8C0a Davis, "Woodland, Knights Landing.
¦ MarriTlUe. Ororllle 7.5S>
- 8 00a Atlantic Kxpreaa— Ogtlcn and Eist. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25>
8.00a Nlles, Mendota, Hanford, YJialla,
Portcrvllle 4.B5*
8-30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows.
Red Bluff, Portland 7.53*
|.30a San Jose, Llvermors, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllls,
Marysvllle, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25»
¦.30a Oakdale.Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolutnna 4.25*
8.00a Vallejo.. 12^5*
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced,
Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25*
830a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7.65*
M 0.00a Hayward, Nlles and "Way Station*. 1 12-55*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. „¦ 5-25*
Ti-CO* Sacramento River Steamera_ tii.OQ*
. 1-00* Benlda. "Winters. . Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Laadlni,
__ ¦ Marysvllle, Oreville 10.55a
330r Hayward, Kllcs and Way Stottons.. 7.55*
4 00? Martlnez.San Ramon, ValleJo.Xapa,
Calistoga, Santa Rosa. 8.28*
4-00* Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25*
4 30p Hayward,Nnes,SanJose,Llvermore 18.55a
4-30r The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakersfleld. Sangns for Santa>
_'_^ ' Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5.00* Port Costa, Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 1025a
5-00* Martinez. Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12.25*
15.30* Niles Local. ...I.'. 7^2si
8.00* Hayward, Xlles and San Jose. 7.55*
t800* Vsllejo 1125a
8.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver!
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 425*
7-00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo !.....!!" fit*
8.Q&* Oregon «t California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvlUe, Redding,
_,,. Portland, Puget Sound and Ka«t. 8.53a
t9.10* Hayward and Xilea tii-SsZ
COAST LI N E farrow G»$i).
. • (Foot of Murket Street.) ¦ g ' L --
8-15a Newark, Centerrllle. Baa Jose. "
Felton, BouMer Creek. SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 5.50*
t2-15* Centervllle, San Joae,
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder ¦
CtccS. Santa Cruz and Principal - • Nl >.
.„ Way Stations 10.50*
4.15* Newark, San Jose, Lcs Gatoa t8^0A
•8.30* Hunters' Tr»ln— San Jose and Way
Stations... t7 20*
HARBOR FERRY. "
from SAN KRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. t Slip S)
— 17:15 9:00 U:0Oa^. LOO SCO 6.15 px
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — «:0o »0B
+8:05 10: (10 a.m. 1200 2.00 4.00 * J»
CO AST .LINE (Broad G« Bf e).
, (Third aka Townsend Streets.) '* . > ¦} ¦
8-12 A 6an Jose afad Way Stations 6.40a
700a San Jose a^id Way Stations +8.0Oa
7.00a New Almaden.... ....Ill y410»
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose"
Gl'.roy, Salinas, San Lqls Oblspo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
- _^ Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.43*
800a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz,
¦ Paciac Grove. Salinas, San Lsis
Oblspo and Principal IntennedJ- y
ate flutlons 410*
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations. 8"38a
11.30a San Jose and Way SWtlons 8.48a
t2^4o* San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jos%
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Paclflo
Grove 110.43a
$.30* Ban Joae and Way Stations \ i'3n*
t4.15* San Jose and PrlaclpalWayStAtious 6.3fl»
, 4*0* 8un»ctLImlU»d— Monday, Aprinth.
14th, 21st, for Los Angeles, £]
Paso,New Orleans and New York.
Last train leaves New Orleans
-April Uth.; Ifl iba
t5.0i)r San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal *^
- ¦ ¦ Way Stations.. ........... t9 00a
5^3* SanJon-rjndPrlncJpalWayStjItioni 6.30*
j 6^30* San Jose and Way Stations. 7 Jn*
i 74)0* New Orleans Express — San Lull
•,-¦-':'»> Oblspo, SanU Barbara, Loa An-
gelfs, Demlnir. El Paso. New
Orleans and East....... .. 11 xn.
•11^45* San Jose and Way Stations"" "'. 7. an»
*o A i orMornlnft ' ~P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sanday only. -• '_
.^q Saturdajonly. yTnesdaw and Trw.y^.
WOUNt TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
" _ l-eave - -Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -""
San F "iu Foot of Market St. San Fran.
lib *" 10-00 a" "*-*« >— * * » 1% F ' *•
. 1:15 p. •¦».*•* Bv-^ - siU;* 55 *
goxoak^aanAaaaTsmxgrtgAcaAmoTim, J
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.IBST ST. Kstabllshed
In ISS-t for the treatment of Private
Di.wases. Inwt Manhood. Debility or
diseasfvwearlngnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Toe- Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. ('barges low.
iarr* caarniitrrd. Cull or write.
Pr. J. y. CiBBO.S, 8a» Francisco, Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
;l ADVERTISEMENTS. \
a longIurse
Is a convenience, but it's not necessary
in order to get laundry work that's pleas-
ing. . ¦ ¦
Our methods, our results guarantee a
perfect solution of the laundry problem
both in work and wear of garments.
Let U3 call for a sample bundle for you.
No saw edges. •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone — South 4^O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTEMRY. COl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AN3 HQRT'l PAGlFlfi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAW V FRAKCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
' - trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— C: 10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 15:40, 5:15 p. .m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and «^5. p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, »:40.
6:05. 0:25 p. m. ¦ * -- - -
, ( Leave ' I In Effect | • Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28, 1901 1, San Francisco.
-."Week. -I Sun- I T~ .: I* Sun-- I Week
• Days. I days. . 1 Destination f days. . | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am| 8:40am
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:O5pm!lO:25am
6:10pm 5:C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Fulton, . .
7:30am - "Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg-, 10:40am
Lytton,
G«yservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm C:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8 :00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am • 10:40am 10:25am
: 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm .
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am S:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40aia
¦' ¦ and .
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm>
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10 :25am
S:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at 'Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs,. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, . Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"s Hot Springs,
Mendocino City,'- Fort Bragg-, Westport. Usal
Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays ¦ round-trip tickets to all points
beyond' San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. ¦ .
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daiw.
*• 'Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I i I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
. • : Daily Dally Dally Dally
.Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
I Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11 :10 p 7:18 p
- '! Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15al0;50p'
.-" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27 p S:05a
" ViFalia.. 3:39p 5:00a
" Bakcrsfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
; " Chicago.. .." I 2:15 p 0:00 p -
a for morning, .p for afternoon. t "
. 9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying • Palace • Sleeping . Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of.
local first-class passengers, i No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. . m. . daily. • _
- S p. m. ¦ Is the 'Overland Express", with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars. to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding tralr. arrivts at 6:00 n. m.
dally. ¦• • ¦•-. .
- 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley.. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market " street aad In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. *
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Sausallto . Perry,"
' Commencing September 21). 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO- TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦ n^^ x
WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30, »9:30 11-00 a. m
•1:45. 3:15. 4:1(5. 5:15, »6: 15, 6:45 p7m. *
• EXTRA TVIPS— For - Mill Valley and Saa
af^Vand °iST'p7m dneSdayS ™* Saturday,
SUNDAYS—^CO. 9:00,»10:00 *ll:30 a. m.
•1:15. 3:15, »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.;m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6.27. 7:45.^35 10-15
a. m.. •12:25. 2:15. »3:3S; 4:40, 5-30 p. m.
anl^Sda^a 1^^^ an^S^Tp **"**»
TO!r5l n 5.K*T rk -, e r d .4*, ) 8Urt from San Qaentln. ,
MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
anS^da^^:^ .^S^^^"^
!&$&%£*£&& :••• m - "^ *¦*
I -.'"-'; THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero aad way
stations. ' • -- " • .- . , .
.1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan MUls/and way
'Fairfax. . Sundays— 8:00." 0:00. 10:00. 11:30
SuSlf t?m" da 'f b0at8 ' "^trains will' ro^en
?AJ3VEBTISEMSNTS^ _-_.
"ABSOLUTE^SECURlfYT
ISenuiiie CARTER^ LITTLE LIVER PILli most
bear signature of /&e~?^£**£>
: ' . Tory sBcall and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF lr*ADTrD*cl F^ R HEADACHE - SEE
CASlTERg FOR DIZZINESS.
i^ITTSr FOS BIUOUSMESS. ArnillIlin
GENUINE If vfr for torpid uyer. GENUINE
I pi if"s FOR CONSTIPATION.
WDADDUDi I HI ' FOR SALLOW SKIK. WRAPPFR
WRAPPER [am Ifor thecomplexsok WKArriiH
"Fi^iisrrrEib our red fa^'eis,.''Continued on Page Thirteen,
* .- -..,., . : — — .;-¦»
.NEW YORK, April 18.— Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:' Weather conations have
operated Irregularly, affecting prices of staples
on the exchange and the distribution of mer
chandise through, regular channels. -but not
in all cases, however, unfavorably. ., Continued
ow temperatures ; .and .dry - weather have
lessened confidence in a bumper yield of winter
wheat and given the crop , killers , an oppor
tunity., as shown in-higher; prices for all
cereals. Prices of provisions of .all < kinds but
particularly. beef, hog products and butter have
been advanced ostensibly - because ¦ of i reduced
receipts. Cattle and . hog prices -. at : Chicago
are ¦ the highest : reached in years ; and ' receipts
are .the smallest. geBHJMetaBKT" '
Nothing like the present activity In: building
The, situation shows no change whatever..
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; small ; White.
$1 90@2 15; large White. $2@2 20; Pea, $3 25®
3 60;. Pink, - $1 85@2.10;i Red, $2 25#2 60;
Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; Llmas,$3 35@3 60; Red
Kidneys, $3 75@4 per etl.".'*-— ¦,'¦¦ l > •
. SEEDS — Trieste -Mustard, '$2 60@2 65;: Yel
low. Mustard, • $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%o for ;Easte/n; "Alfalfa " from Utah.
10?4@lli4c; California, 10@10%c; Rape/ 1%@
2Vtc; Hemp, r 3%c per lb. - .
DRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 . 60@2; ; Green. $1 60
®2;^Blackeye, nominal. . _ /
.... Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The _' demand for old Potatoes continued brisk
Beans and Seeds
; LIVERPOOL. v / . •-
Wheat— ' , >>*.Ma.y.' • July!
Opening;. ........••: 6 1% : - 6 00-
Closing ....................... 6 0%- : :v 6 11%
PARIS. ':',', _. . "
Wheat— . ." - "April." S«pt.-Dec."
Opening-.' • .22 45 20 60
Closing .... ...•• •" •"¦'• • • 22..40 ,.. 20 60
Flour — ~ v - . ..-_ •"•'¦ ¦• -"
Opening 27 10 26 65
Closing . . ... .... ....--. »...2< 10 26 65
.-.-New York^Mctal Market. ¦[,
NEW YORK, 'April 18. — Some business wa»
closed > in" standard copper : for future ; delivery,
and fifty, tons 1 for. April delivery, sold" at $11 20.'
Spot standard closed at $11 12%@11 25.'! Lake.was"
quoted at $12 25 and electrolytic and 'casting at
$12.v At London copper was 3s Od higher,- with
spot and futures, both closing at ! £53 < Is Cd." .
'- TIN — Wat -. steady = and -unchanged^ at -New
-York, .with J spot at $28 50@29. p At London . the
• metal advanced - 1 point, closing ¦ spot at ' £130
• 15a r a^id r futures at'£127il0s.\ ¦; --••¦ . <*• - ;
"LEAD- : -Qulet and unchanged, here 'at $1 12%.'
STOCK MARKET.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April IS.— The varied activity
of very large speculative forces was still mani
fest in the stock market to-day. The move
ment of prices was entirely characteristic of
an active speculative movement under a well
centered and aggressive leadership. The deal
ings were on a larger scale than those of yes
terday and progress was made also In the
¦ bi-eadth of the movement and the variety of the
stocks dealt In. The average of the dally deal- '
ings for the ifeek has been brought up to im
pressive proportions and, in fact, to a level bt .
t-uft ained activity that was . entirely unprece
dented In the local stock market until last
year's new records were established during the
period or greatest speculative excitement. There ¦
was nothing In the news to-day or in the con
ditions «r outlook to account for the manner
Jn which new points of strength were con
stantly developed, while the older points of
strength were left to drift downward or | were
subjected to Judicious feeding of the demand
for the purpose of realizing profits. Those
flocks which spurted late in the day yesterday
"icd those which opened this morning with . a
vigorous upward movement almost without ex
ception -were subjected to realizing to-day and
closed the day with small net gains below the
b*rt' prices. Thli was notably true of Atchlson
&nd the anthracite coalers and was measurably
true of etocks which showed periods of strength
later In the day. Broadly sneaking the leader
ship of the advance was shifted. to St. Paul and
then the Union Pacifies, with a more moderate
response among the other Southwestems and
Pacifies. Southern Railway and Louisville and
Nashville fell Into the background again. The
bituminous coal carriers enjoyed a - period of
strength and there were a number or wide
advances among scattered industrials and'upe
cialtiee. Colorado Fuel was active and strong
en speculative supposition that absorption of
that company into the United States Steel Cor
poration had been assured a« part of the set
tlement of the control of Louisville and Nash
ville, international Power wu extremely er
rHic but rose an extreme . 10 ',}. preeumably
¦» "ir- dividend declaration yesterday. There
•All descriptions remain as before quoted.
BRAN— $17018 per ton. ; - '
- MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21@21^O^»«
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, : $20021: Corn Meal.
$29@29 60:- Cracked Corn, $29 60@30; , Mixed
Feed, $16@17;. Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
- HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat.
$S 50@ll; Oat, $8®10 60; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7©9 ; Volunteer,- $6 50@S 50; Stock, $6@8
per ton./. . ¦ ' ;> ;•¦ **¦'
STRAW-^-*0@65o ¦ per bale.
Hay and.Feedstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon,' 1 $2 75@3 25 per barrel for ' family and
$3@3 50 ' for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', '$3
®3 50.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in - sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the . trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2.75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats,. $5 25: Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour,- $4 50@4 75; . Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; .Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35©9; in
sacks, $6 85© S 50;; Pearl Barley. $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
1 Articles — . ; .". -.Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour, barrels ...16,000 ,^30.000
Wheat, bushels ;:.. 39,000 235,000
Corn, . bushels .....51,000 -69,000
Oats, bushels ........... .129,000 - .94,000
Rye.-bushels .:.......... 10,000 '-'......
Barley. - 1 bushels ........:. 20,000 f • 1,000 .
On the Produce Exchange to-day . the butter
market was easier; ' creameries,' 25@30c;
dairies, 25@28c. Cheese, steady, 12@13c. < E«gs 1
firm ; fresh, 15%@15%c. ...
Cash' quotations were as follows: Flour, ;
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 73%@74%c; No. 2
red, 81@82%c; No. 2 oats, 44%e; No. 2 white.
45@46c; No. 3 white, 45@46c; No. 3 rye, 69®
60c; fair to choice malting • barley, 65%@08c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 69; No.; 1 Northwestern,
$180; prime timothy - seed. $6 8u@6 90; mess
pork, -. per -barrel, $16 80@16 85; lard, 1 ' per. 100
pounds, $9 70@9 76;" short ribs sides (loose),
$9 15@9 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
7%c; short clear sides (boxed), • $9 65@9 75;
clover, . contract grade, $7 00. ¦ .
Chicago was off, with the packers selling.
Offerings were light and early sellers turned
buyers.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light..
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cure'd;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14®14%c; California
Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess. $10@10 50; Family, $11®11 so;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@19: Dry Salt Pork. $11 6O@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%®14c per lb. t
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 12 ftc: 10-lb tins, 12%c, 5-lb tins. 12%e;
3-lb tins. 12 %c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, ,10c; one tierce, »%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. ¦ - \
/" ' : ¦ \ ¦ •
¦ Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 0@9%c; light, 8®8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags, 6@6%c: Salted Kip, S@8%c; Salted Veal,
9©9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls.
14c; Dry Kip. -13c; Dry Calf. -18c; Culls and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings,' 20©o0c
each: short Wool. 35@60c each: medium. 63@
75c; long Wool, 00c@$l 10 each: Hone Hides,
salt $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium. • $1 for email and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@150 for me
dium, $1 for small and • 50c for Colts. • Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medlum.SSc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%©6c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c: grease, 2%@\$%c.
' ,»WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@16c* do
defective. 13@14c; Middle county free, 13@15o
do. defective, '12@13c; Southern. 12 months'
9@10c; do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. 11013c-
Nevada. 12015c per lb. . - *
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@15c per lb for
gcod to choice.-
General Merchandise. ".
BAGS-^-Graln Bags,' June and July, 6c: San.
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, , 32@35c; Fleece
Twine." 7%@Sc. V
' COAL-^Welllngton. $0 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; , Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-oneratlve Wallsend. $8 60; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania' Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $14: Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 In . sacks; . Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 ner 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton
according, to brand.
'¦ Harrison's . circular fays :
-- ."During the ¦ week ¦ there have been four ar
rivals ' of -coal 'from Washington. 12.520 tens;
six from British: Columbia, . 18.11S tons; one
from v Newcastle, N.:S. W., -2204 tons; "two
from Oregon.= 525 tons: total, -33.367 tons.
Business in the fuel line is fair and the' whole
sale dealers report a brisk trade; the retailers
As expected, Bacon and Lard have followed
Hams up, all descriptions showing an ad
vance generally of %c. Dealers report an im
proved demand and Increased activity.
Provisions.
Articles — Open. . High. Low. Close
Wheat, No.- 2 — ' •.»•¦•¦ ¦ .
May ........ .74% 74% 73% 73%
July 76 76 74% 74%
September... 75% 75% 74 .74%
Corn. No. 2— ,
May ........ 62% 62"4 '«l%--/«2. :
July ........ 68% 63% , 62 -.¦ .62VI
September .. 62% 62% 61% 61%
Oats. No. «— -V . .
May ........ 44 44 43 43-
July; old ... 36% '36% 35% 35%
July. new.. #38% 38% 37% 37%
Bept.,.old ... 32 32% - 31% "31%
Sept., new .. .33% 34 33 33
Mess Pork, per bbl— -\
May .....T.-.10 95 16 95 16 75 16 80
July ........17 12% 17 15 16 95 17 00
September ..17 12% 17 12% 17 07% 17 07%
¦"Lard, per 100-lbs — —
May ........ 9 75 9 77% 9 72% 9 73
July . ;;; ft 85 . 9 87% fl 82% 9 85
September .. 9 97% 9 97% 9 92% 9 95 '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 9 22% 9 22% 9 20 9 22%
July ........ 9 40 ¦ v. 9 40 . 9 32% . 9 37%
September ". . 9 47% u 9 60 9 40 9 42^
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weatiier Saturday, probably light show
ers; light southwest winds.
t ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, possibly light showers; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy. cooler Saturday; brisk
ccutherly winds.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers; fresh
southwest wln<J.
In the Sacramento Valley the temperature
lias fallen Irom 4 to 10 degrees. In the 8an
Joaqutn Valley and along the coast there has
been but little chance.
• Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 19:*
Rain has fallen In moderate amounts from
Eureka northward. A thunder storm it re
ported at S«attle.
FORECAST,
The pressure hjis fallen rapidly over the en
tire country west of the Rocky Mountain*
During the past twenty-four hours there has
been a fall of nearly a quarter of an inch
over Southern Idaho and Northern Nevada.
Unsettled weather prevails generally over-^lhe
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
ian Franctoco temperature 7 a. m.. 46 degrees
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c . for Royals and
10® 13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated- Apples, 8:50c; sun dried, 6c;
Peaches, 6U@8Vic; Pears, 6@9c: Plums, pitted,
6@6c; ' unpitted; 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for whl|e; figs, 4%c for
black and 5%@6c for white.
' PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
BO-JO'S, 6>4<S6?ic: 40-5CS. 5@5%c; 60-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70'b. 4@4%,c: 70-80's. 3%©3%c; 80
90's, 3@3^4c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c .for 4-crown and
6i4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7(9
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy. $1 50; London Layers,
<$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9-glOc for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12®12%c; Filberts,
12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@Ilc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5®
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
er r9-I« 60 44 6E Cloudy .06
C*r*on 29.76 68 38 W Cloudy 00
£««*» 30.04 66 62 SB Cloody *58
Fresno 29.80 *4 50 XW Pt Cldy OO
'riagstaff 23.78 72 32 SW Clear w
Pocatcllo. Ida.28.7S 72 42 S PtCldy *OO
Independence..29.70 t2 50 S Clear "oo
Los Angeles.. .a.86 60 52 W Cloudy *00
Phoenix 29.72 S4 CS NW Clear 00
Poland 29.82 CO 44 S Rauf 52
gel Bluff 29.84 68 56 8E Cloudy *00
Roseburg 29.92 6-J 52 SW Cloudy *50
Bacramento... 20.84 72 52 S Cloudy .'oo
SaltLaie 29. us 78 46 SE Clear 00
San Francisco. 23 .90 58 .48 W Cloudy T
S. L. Ol)i£po...2{j.m «<$ 50 W Cloudy 06
Kan Diego 29. «J «2 56 W Cloudy 00
g«*«le 29.78 62 38 SW Cloudy V
Spoksfe 2».feO 54 38 NE Cloudy .10
£.«»; h **?>- 52 42 SW Clcudy .40
\\ alia Walla. .29.70 72 52 NE Cloudy .08
Winnemucca. .29.74 72 34 SW Cloudy .OO
Yum * 2».66 M SS 8 Clear .00
*-— - ¦ ; — r— : '——. *'
. ... . .. . - 1 '¦' -
CHICAGO, -April 18.— There was not such a
volume of business " in ~ wheat as for several
days past. The crowd was in a guessing frame
of mind and .feared possible rain news might
cause a break at any moment. There was any
quantity of bullish news, but under . the pre
vailing sentiment much was lost sight of and
the trade seemed deaf to anything but rain
possibilities. The condition, as one expert . put
It, is one of dry ness from Pennsylvania to
Texas and north to the North Dakota line. The
trade understands well what can happen if rain
does not. fall. The extreme of the dry ness cen
ters in Kansas. At the opening there was a
short-lived spurt. May prices started %@%c
up at 74%@74%c. Prices were somewhat 'er
ratic In their fluctuations, dipping frequently,
and then as frequently rallying, - though . the
rallies were weaker each time. There was a
rumor of rainfalls West and profit-taking and
some short selling pressed until May ¦ closed
weak. %@%c lower at 73%@73%c
Trade in corn was inclined toward. the wait-
Ing attitude. > Business was moderately active
at times. The close was weak, May %c down
at '62c:- - ' ,
Oats had a fairly good trade, though wheat
and corn dragged • it down. May closed
down ' at 43c. '
Provisions looked like a manipulated ¦ market
to-day. ' Though trade was quiet, /prices early
were strong. The hog market was only steady
and may have contributed to a growing .weak
ness, but prices were depressed by ' the local
bears. May pork closed 12%c lower; lard 2%o
down and ribs 2%®5c lower.
The- leading futures ranged as follows:
g 2 S O w
S *#5 4% *Z I
ETATIONS. J 5| || Pc. ffS ~
•* £ S : o . 5 %
» © • * • 1 •
THE COAST RECORD.
Cannel $— — @13 00 Southfleld «
Wellington.. @11 00 Wellington $ — ©11 00
Seattle .... 8 50 Cbcs Bay ... — <ti T 00
Roslyn — -i-@ 9 00 Greta ..—©10 CO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice. sq35@45j Common Eggs...l5@— •
Do good 35© — I Ranch Eggs, per
Common 30@ — j dozen 17%@20
Cheese, Cal 12@ 15 1 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17020 pound ..15@2(»
Cheese, Swiss 20@30| Do extracted... 8fflU
" MEATS. PER LB.—
Bacon 14@18|Pork Sausages. 12%®13
Hams 13@17i Smoked Beef . ...17r<i2il
Lard 15#— |
The" San Francisco Butchers' Protective A»
tociation announces the following retail prices
for meats: • . ¦ .
Roast Beef 10@15iBprins Lamb ..12%<32U
Tenderloin Stk.l5@17%| Roast Mutton .12V,®
Porterhouse do. 17 %@20 Mutton Chops. .12"%®13
Round Steak... 10&12% I Mutton Stew .... 8'JilK
Beef Stew 8@10 Roast Veal 12®13
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets ....15@13
Roast Lamb 15@1S Roast Pork ...12%@15
Lamb Chops 15®20i Pork Chops — $j§15
POULTRY AND GAME—.
Hens, each 50©0o Pigeons, pair 40®5ii
Young Roosters, Squabs, per palr.50@65
1 each '. 75©$1 Rabbits, each 15@2(l
Old Roosters, ea.5O@75 Hare, each ...... —fc2u
Fryers, each 5O@75 English Snipe,
Broilers, each 30@65 per dozen .. — ©$i 00
Turkeys, per lb..20@22 Jack Snipe ©$2 59
Ducks, each 65@$1 Wild Geese, per
Geese, each ...$I50@2 pair 75@$l 00
Goslings — 52 50 Brant, each . . . .25©33
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alligator Pears. Dried Figs, per lb— ®lu
each ....". 25@50 Limes, dozen.. ...io@15
Almonds 15®20 Lemons, dozen... 20@SU
Apples «• 3® o Oranges, dozen.. .20(960
Pecans — @20 Pineapples, each. 30-350
Brazil Nuts 2a ®~ Raisins, per Ib.r6@15
Bananas, doz....li>@25 Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts, each.. — @10 basket 20®25
Grape Fruit, per _ Walnuts, pr lb...l5®20
dozen 50@*5
VEGETABLES
Asparagus 6@IO Okra. dried. lb..— ©23
Artichokes, doz..l5@40 Potatoes, per lb. . 2ffl 4
Beets, dozen 10® — New Potatoes. ..2%<a 5
Beans, white, lb. 6®— Parsnips, per dz.lO®—
Colored. peV lb. 5@tt Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... 6# 8 bunches ....;.. 15@2o"
Cabbage, each... 5@ — Rhubarb .V. 30 0
Celery, head 60 — Sweet Potatoes. N
Cress, dz bnchs..20@30j per lb 2%@ 4
Cucumbers. dz.$l 60@2 Sage, doz bnchs.2503(|
Egg Plant, lb. . . . 30040) String Beans, per
Garlic 4 @ 6 pound 20023
Green Peppers. Ib.l5@25 Summer Squash, .
Green Peas, lb...2%@l per pound... 12%@13
Lettuce, per doz.l5(eC20iSprouts. per lb. ..— d—
Leeks, doz bnchs.l5@20 Spinach, per lb.. 5@—
Onions, per lb. .2%® 4 Thyme, dz bchs..25<a3O
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz. 10®
bunches 15@20 Tomatoes, pr lb.8012%
Mushrooms, U>...'40@60
FISH—
Carp — 010 Se » Eass — @__
Catfish 10@— Smelts 12%@15
Codfish 12%@— Soles ...12%@15.
Flounders 10® — Skates, each S@15
Halibut . — ®15 Squid § .
Herring — @— Tomcod 10©12>,.i
Mackerel — #— Turbot 20@3O
Do horse — #— Trout .'. 35@50
Perch 12%® — Brook Trout — @65
Pompino .75@.S1 Whlteflsh 10@—
-^15 Clams, gallon . ..50@—
Rockflsh — @15 , Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh.. 12%@15 per pound ... 8(910
Do, smoked 15S25 Crawfish ......... — iq —
Sardines — ® — Crabs, each 15®2O
Shrimps 10@— Mussels, quart...—® —
ghad .....10@12% Oysters. Cal, 100.40@.V)
Striped Bass...l2%@15 Do Eastern. da.25@40
Dullness still prevailed on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, with an advance
in Gas and Electric to $44. There were sales
of Bank of California at. $425@423 25.
.-The leading oil stocks continued in active
movement, as will be seen, and quotations
were maintained.
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold
down to $30. The oil stocks stood about the
same. ? ¦
The Sea Breeze OU Company has levied an
assessment of Uc. delinquent May 7: Oakland
Oil and Asphaltum one of lc. May 10.
. The Pacific Coast Borax Company has de
tlared the regular, monthly dividend of $1 per
share,' payable. April 29.
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of . San Francisco were received yester
day ... from New -York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock. ' $24 S7*,i@25 12%; pre
ferred. $t;-_"gt;i» 25: 4 per cent bends, $90^90 25;
subscriptions. $101 75@102. .
* : ¦ —j,
Butter is still cheaper, and is now about as
low as usual 'at this time ot the year. Cheese
and Egg3 are plentiful and not materially
chan~ed. .... ¦ .
Prices for all other lines remain about as
they were last week. Asparagus and Straw
berries are somewhat cheaper, but the latter
are still scarce and high. Fish, Meats and
Poultry show little variation. '
COAL, PER TON—
Boston 52-40[Kansas City 68-02
Cincinnati 62-40!Duluth 66-S6
Philadelphia 60-42!Omaha 70-50
Jacksonville 80-5S Chicago 62-50
Washington 64-58 SC Louis 66-52
New York ,. 5S-42iSa.Il Lake City.-. 66-46
* : . — ; _ *
NEW YORK. April 18.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at' the principal cities for the week ended
April. 17. .with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: •
. r J> ' j , • V'. •• Percentages-
Cities — ¦¦* Amount. "¦ ' Inc. ¦ Dec.
New York $l,703,ol8,588 ....' 23.5
Chicago 171.745,742 15. 5 ....
Boston 146.411,383 .... 20.3
Philadelphia 114.688,414 ¦ «.2
St. Louis 67.202.829 23.1
Pittsburg ..". 45,(569,245 9.9
Baltimore 45,002,434 15.8
San Francisco.... 20.999.195 18.1
Cincinnati 22.608,700 16.5 ....
Kansas City...... 20,069,973 17.4 -....
Cleveland 16,011,416 24.0 ....
MlnBeapolis 11,158,405 22.4 ....
New Orleans 13.804,401 19.3 ....
Detroit 10,003,428 2.8 ....
Louisville ....... 10,217.237 .6.0
Indianapolis 10,161,358 34.4
Provid*«ce 7,004,200 .... 1.7
Omaha 7,459,607 18.1
Milwaukee 6,714.997 10.3
Buffalo .-. : 5.791,672 6.8
St. Paul 4,843.539 11.6 ....
St. Joseph........ 4,702,719 7.1 ....
Denver 4,670,831 .... J.s
Richmond 4.806,996 18.0
Savannah 8,272.333 4.5
Salt Lake City... 3,129,025 41.4
Albany 3.180,671 12.1
Los Angeles 4,050,647 48. 6
Memphis .2.906.191 7.9 ....
Fort Worth...... 3,ll.-0,S50 ,34.5
Seattle 3,222,734 38.4 ..'.'.
Washington ...... 3.940.308 45.2 ....
Hartford ........ 2.902.C33 4.2
Peoria ' 2.683,445 15.2 -;...
Toledo 2,682.082 40.1 ....
Portland, Or 2.848,603 34.2
Rochester 2,611.798 ..... .
Atlanta ;.. 2,575,781 "."-* 7.4
Des Moinea 2,156,253 29.2 -
New Haven ,1,777.922 11.9 .""
Worcester 1,584.771. .... 6.4
Nashville 1,719,988 13.8 . .
Spnngf.eld, Mass.. 1,508,031 .... 1 2 S
Norfolk 1,579,009 15.8 .„.
Grand Rapids.... 1.171,663 13.4
Scranton ;.. 1.5C.8.647 • . - • i'9
Portland. Me 1.402.2C8 7.2
Sioux City 1.677,978 23.5
Augusta •1,811,364 .... 15
Syracuse 1,195,390 .... 2 # 1
Dayton, Ohio 1.512,332 12.5 -
Tacoma 1,228,444 17.9 "'*
Spokane 1,718.000 61. « . .
Tmpeka 1.4S8.57K 34.4 .!..
Davenport ....... 1,053,516 33.4
Wilmlnston. Del. 1.181.4fll 12 2
Evansvllle ... 800.197 I lr'i
Birmingham 1,018.441 8 9 '
Fall River 1,045.853 21.0 **""
Macon B87.000 .' .... 'a a
Little Rock 1.004.228 7 70.1
Helena 498.016 ... 34'i
KnoxvlUe 751.351 26.0 •
Lowell 627,053 1.4 """
Akron i S4H.O0O 10.6
Wichita 485.406 .. ""¦
Springfield. 111... 619,578 31.4
T^xinetcn 601, 81B 'h'h
New Ecd ford r-S2,0«3 77
Chattanooga 554.107 2S.8 ""
Yountr«=town ...... («O.1O2 60. S "
Kalamazoo 4f»9,0R2 ¦".... lft'h
Fargo 327.373 22.9
BinKhamton :¦: 402.300 R.fl ""
Rockford 475.608 30.1 «.-
Canton ........... . 626.000 '67. S
Jacksnr.ville, Fla. j 409,253 34.0
Snringfield, Ohio. ' 402.2+5 17.5 ***"
Chester .:........ 418.048 38.2 "*"
Oulncy .....% 514.P5I ...- ""*
Bloon-iington ..... ; 21.\R50 R.O **"*
t'loux Falls....... 219.920 22.3* ""
Jacksonville,' 111.. . 2*0,882 60 8 ""*
Fremont 12.1,588 / ¦ . io'f
•Houston 11.1*72.743 - 6« 3 •
•Galventc-n ...... fi.919.000 . 'i'i
*CnIumbuK. Ohio..- ' 7,R47.00n 20*4
tWh^ellng- -74t.nfi5 70 .-"¦*¦"
tWIlkeBbarre 8(H.2S4 " ••••
tBeaumont ...... 574,796 ..;" '.'.'.'.
Total n. U. S.... $2,541. R4 1.707- '..- -¦-' i«~7
Outside. N. Y... 838.523.119 — 0
- CANADA. "¦
Montreal $26,340,472 44 0
Toronto 19.7S7.5S4 fin'7 •""
AVinnipeg - : ft. 149.335' v S9 - 5 "'-".
Halifax ..- 1.S02.676 14"ft ""
Vancouver, B.- C: 820.261 1 «
Hamilton .... S34.079 ' ' '"*
St. John.'N. B... 782,90ft '0*9
Victoria.. B. C... 3M.2fi« - ' ' k'h
tQuebec - .1,045,478 "'
Ottawa...^,..... 1.S34.114 ;-'.'"'" " ]."'.
Totals, panada. $54,168,582 47 0 ¦': r^ r
'¦ 'Not ;inelurted In totals . because containing
other items than clearings. .' IBB
tNot Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. ¦ m
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
13. minimum 48, mean 64.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—'
6000 ctls. 79c; 6000. 78% c; 2000, 78%c.
Second Session — No sales.
' Regular Morning: Session — May— 2000 ctls
91c. December — 2000, 78%c. . • •
Afternoon % -r Session — December — 4000 ctls.
78i4c; 14,000, 78%c; S000. 78-2. •
•OATS — Reports from Chicago said: "It is
a wep.thcr market, and If the dry weather con
tinues thcro will be a sharp 'rally. Iowa and
Nebraska report damage -by drought."
This market continued neglected and un
changed. ¦¦•¦ .. V '.'••• - : ¦ ' .
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise. $1 40@l 45; black. $1 12yi@l 32%; red.
$1 30(5)1 42% per ctl. \
- CORN — Chicago advanced- from 62%. c ¦ to
62Tic and fell back to 71%c. .Cash Corn was In
slender supply and , excellent demand, with a
largo speculative trade. Little Rock. Ark.,
reported that the demand for. Corn was so
great that the market was snowed under, with
estimated- needs, of 1,000,000 bushels for the
next sixty, days alone. •-.,; -
This • market' continued . neglected and un
changed.
¦ Large ' Yellow. $1 35@1 45; small round do
$1 35@1 47%; white. $1 4001 50 per ctl.
•RYE — Dull at 90@95c per ctl. ¦ r
BUCKWHEAT — Quoted at • $ 1 65@1 75 per
Ctl. . - "-. ¦ ' ¦:-¦ ' -"¦, ¦ ... ¦¦¦••• '.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Sess'on — 9:15 o'clock — December—
18,000 ctls. $1 08%. May — 10,000, $1 11%.
• Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 4000 ctls»
$1 11%; 24.00Q. $1 11.' December— 6000. $1 OS'i;
£000. $1 03%; 14,000. $1 08; COOO, $1 07%.
¦ Afternoon .Session — May— 8000 ctls. ¦ $1 io s ,i
December— 2000, $1 07%; 14,000, $V07%..
BARLEY — The market continued weak, with
moro sellers than buyers.
Feed, «5@©6%o for No. 1 and 92%@93%c for
off grades; brewing 'and shipping grades, i)7%c
@$1; Chevalier, $1@1 20.
CA' L BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The English market was easier,
while the French market showed.no noteworthy
change."
Chicago continued nervous and unsettled, goi<
ing up and down at a moment's notice. It ad-'
yanced from 74%o / to 74%c, and fell back to
73%c. " It was almost purely a weather market.
The Chicago dispatches of M. Blum & Co.
said: "Market firm and fairly active, with the
\vtather influencing. The market feels the loss
of the St. Louis contingent, who sold out yes
terday. The weather is generally clear . and
cool, except insignificant showers in Iowa and
Minnesota. The bearish sentiment is develop-
In* and- the crowd is going short. Northwest
stocks show a decrease of ovea- 2 t 000,000_ bush
els* " A : Minneapolis authority estimates the
acreage in Minnesota and North Dakota at
from 15 to 25 per. cent less than last year.
Snow's statement gives the Kansas condition
a decline of 5®10 points this month." •
. The . advices of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.,
said: "The - Southwest is again buying, and
Kansas City reports that even with favorable
weather from now on not over half a crop is
possible In the .Southwest. The Modern Miller
says that damage' reports are increasing and
there has not been enough rain. R. G. Dun &
Co. issue a wheat statement in which they
say the outlook is encouraging for a large yield
of winter wheat, the least satisfactory feature
being the lack of moisture, which Is causing
arxiety In a number of States. Bradstreet's
gives th* exports ¦ of wheat and flour for the
week at 4,118,000 bushels. At the close of the
day It was raining hard in St. Louis and'sev
eral parts of Southern Illinois, and wheat and
corn were very weak there in consequence,
v/lth the best people selling."
This market was steady for shipping grades,
but lower- on call. .
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 11%; milling.
$1 12»<.@1 15 per ctl.
Wheat and, Other Grains.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
©1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary. - . --
CITRUS FRIJTS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 60@2; Va
lenclas. $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3: Tangerines, in quarter, boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons. 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25@.$1 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1
@3, Including seedless; Mexican Limes. $4 500
6; Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $1 50@2 for Hawaiians; Pineapples,
$3@4 per dozen.
Two cars of New Orleans Bananas came in,
but as they were mostly green prices were un
changed. - - . -
9
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Attractive offerings of Longworth Strawber
ries sold readily at 8Qc@$l per drawer. 'Some
small ' and otherwise poor stock was - sold as
low as 75c. The demand for Oranges was less
brisk, as receipts have been heavy during the
past week and dealers were apparently well
supplied. Owing to the light receipts yester
day In the open market prices were upheld,
although standards were noticeably dull. At
the auction prices were lower. Three cars
were sold as follows: Fancy Navels, $2 40@
2 M; Choice do, $1 50@2.70; Standard do, 90c
@$2 40; Seedlings, $1 23® 1 35.
Last This - Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season Season
Eureka 30 46.94 44. 5S
Red Bluff 00 29.71 22 68
Sacramento 00 J6.28 17^50
San Francisco ....Trace 17.38 18.89
Fresno 00 6.40 10.39
Independence «o 4.23 5 fcl
HLuis Oblspo... .00 21.18 27 fc7
Angeles 00 10.44 14.81
Diego 00 5.85 10. 6C
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— To-day's' state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance^ $177,976,754; gold, $02,002,
009. -
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 18— -5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
tate as compared with those of same date last
reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 S8%
sterling Cables — 4 89 1 *.
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic 17%
Silver, per ounce — -, 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. , 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Flour, qr ski... 11,725 Hops, bales .... 2
Wheat, ctls .... 57.200 Tallow, ctls ... 2T.7
Barley, ctl3 .... 14,555 Pelts, bdls 60
Oats, ctl3 1,020 Hides. No 31 j)
Beans, sks 730 Raisins, bxs ... 9irf>
Potatoes, sks .. 1,161 Quicksilver, flsk 90
Onions, sks 75 Leather, rolls .. "NJ
Straw, tons .... 10 Lime, bbls .... 3tn
Hay. tons 410 Wine, gals 32,000
Middlings. sk3.. 223 Sugar, ctla .... 700
Wool. bale3 .... 460
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 1,660/
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 5.076/Corn Meal, ska.. 400
FOR FRIDAY. APRIL IS.
Receipts of Produce.
. NEW YORK, April 18.— Money on call,
steady, 4@4% per cent; closing bid and asked,
4@4% per cent Prime mercantile paper, 4%@
5% per cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
@4 87% for demand and at $4 85@4 85% for
sixty days. Posted* 1 rates, $4 86 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver,
52%c. Mexican dollars. 42%c.
Government bonds, irregular; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, ' irregular.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 18. — Evaporated apples
are flrn;er in tone, but without ¦ change in
price. A fair business is doing in ! prime and
choice rrades, which are held rather higher.
State, common lo good, 7@8W.-o; prime, Oai>%c;
choice, 9%©>10c; fancy, 10%<g:ilc. •
Prunes are steady on most grades, old fruit
showing rather an easier feeling. Traae is
moderate for Jobbing account | at unchanged
prices. Apricots are steady and quiet.
Peaches show a little steadier tone.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%
@12%c.
PEACHES — Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled. S@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
*"——— — — . .-. .,,,. -, - .¦...?
NEW YORK,. April 1S.--FLOIJR— Receipts,
14.0S0 barrels; : exports, 2811. barrels; market
quiet,' but steady; closed dull: ¦,'; :' -\ . :; : "• .
¦ WHEAT — Receipts, 2(38,650. bushels; exports,
117,000 bushels. Spot was easy. J : No. .2 red.
86%c elevator. No. 2 red, 87 %cf. o. b.
afloat- No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86%c • f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard- Monitoba. 86%c f. .0. b.
afloat. Except for a short time at the start,
when bullish crop. news and small. receipts ad
vanced prices a little, wheat was unsettled and
easy, reflecting a pressure of . long stuff on .the
market and less vigorous support than was ex
pected. Export trade also proved light. The
close was rather weak at' %@>%o net decline.
May 79 15-16@80%c, closed 80c; July, 80 1-16®
80 15-lfic, closed 8OV4c; September.. 79%@80%c,
closed 79%c; December. 80 ll-16@81%c. closed
tjtt"11j*<s«— Firm
WOOL— Steady. - f -*>
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull ; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed steady, net to 5@10 points lower/ Total
sales, 31,500 bags, including: May, $1^90®
4 95; June, $5; July, $5 10@5 15; September,
$5 25@5 30; October, $5 35; Decembers $5 50@.
5 55; January, $5 65. •
SUGAR — Firm. Fair refining, 2 29-32c; Cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3 13-32c; molasses sugar,
2 21-32c. Refined was firm. -
-The situation remained unchanged. Re
ceipts of Butter were again heavy, but the
market was steady, with a continued demand
for the East, though the Chicago . market was
l%c off and the New ' York market barely
steady. ' Cheese continued weak, . with plenty
on hand and plenty coming in. - Eggs were
also In liberal supply, with a steady demand
and fine large "ranch bringing the top figure
in a small way, large lots being readily ob
tainable ftt 15c. "
-The third car of- Butter for the East has not
yet been made up, but will be shipped it the
shipper can get the goods at the figure he
feel3 able to pay. t ¦ • -
Receipts were 91,600 pounds and 2 kegs and
223 tubs of Butter. 1955 cases of Eggs, 18.800
pounds of California Cheese and 3200 pounds
of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 19@20c per pound for
fancy, 18@18%c for firsts and 17%c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@18c; store Butter, 14313c per
pound. - > / '• ¦
CHEESE— New, 9®10c: old. B@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern,' 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 14@15c. with 16c for selected
large; store, 12%@14c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New. York Grain and 'Produce.
NEW YORK, April 18. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram from London
says: ' .
Stocks were : animated to-day, on the Boer
statement regarding negotiations printed in the
Daily Mall. Betting is 4 to 1 on peace.
There is better -feeling all round,' and the bear
contingent scrambled to cover, but after the
close of the Exchange Balfour's announcement
that negotiations had been suspended for a con
sultation among the Boer leaders had a ; de
pressing influence on Kaffirs and Americans in
the street.
Speculation finally had a recovering tendency,
with . Atchlson and Erie the favorites. Local
business in Americans is much improved.
Copper was % up to £53% the ton; Rio Tln
tos % up to 44%.
The bank will take £500,000 in gold due to
morrow from America and India. .
London Market.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6V»J»
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6a4@tj%c; feeders 5=£®
6%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off, and stags. 40 per cent off from the abova
quotations.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%«3t!c per lb liveweight; yearlings.
4% (35c per lb.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. SV.«i9c; Cows and Heifers.
7®7%c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — i%i@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3V4@4o ner
lb (gross weight). . . •
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
nre as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6®7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small. 8%@10o per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8%@9%c; Ewes. 8®8%a
per lb.
LAMB — Yearlings. 9:310c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 11%®12%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are being received from outside sources
and three cars' came in from Utah yesterday.
All kinds remain as previously quoted.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Northern Wheat Market.
.' : OREGON. "~~"
J PORTLAND, April 18.— Wheat— Nominal ;
Walls Walla,- 64%©65c; Bluestem 66@6C%c;
Valley,'. C5c. .... - . .-. ; • ?,T -. _i.. (
.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 18.— Wheat— Steady; Blu»
stem, 66c; Club, ; 65c. . •.• , ¦¦ ¦ '
Foreign Markets.
. LONDON. April 18.— Consols, 94 13-16; sil
ver,24%d; French rentes, lOOf 95c; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, . 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s <5d-
English country, markets, firm. - ¦ • .
. LIVERPOOL. April 18.^\Vheat in Paris
steady; French country markets, firmer; weath
er-in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 3-82d.
"Tair progress has been made in garden and
potato planting-. In Southern Oregon and tfor
tions of the Willamette Valley early planted
gardens are up and looking well.
"Peaches, apricots, early plums, prunes and
•ctne varieties of cherries are In full bloom.
"Mock Is improving."
"Grass has maintained a slow but steady
erowtn throughout the week and pasturage Jn
the western section is reported to be in good
condition. Jn the eastern section the weather
nas been toto cool for satisfactory growth to
ensue, and as a result feed Is short on the
ranges.
*«v^t,i^' * nower y weather has been un
;^f ? ( for farm work and the growth of
™SI *1 - ,*- Fa "-? OW ' I > "heat and oats are in
good condition. Winter wheat is still back
ward and the spring sown is elow In germinat
ing, -w arm. sunshiny weather is badly needed
to bring the wheat crop up to its normal con
dition. Hop yards are looking fine and in some
sections the vines will soon *e ready to train,
hm tbCre aTC n ° com P laInts ot missing
. ?^l frosts have frequently occurred, but
as yet they have caused little or no damage to
f tn° r ve * eUuion - ow *ng to the backwardness
"Abnormally cool weather has prevailed dur
ing the past week over the entire State. In the
western section moderately heavy showers have
occurred almost dally, while In the eastern sec
tion they were principally confined to the first
few days, the latter half of the week being
The report of Edward A. Beals, section di
rector of the United States Weather Bureau,
for the Oregon crop bulletin, week ended April
15. is as follows:
Oregon Crop
SEATTLE,-- April 18.— Clearings, $526,358;
balances, 7 $88,864. - - . ; ¦ . .
TACOMA. April 18.— Oearinga, $206,000; bal
ances. $69,878. --.':. : .: . - .
PORTLAND. April - 18.— CTearings, $323,483;
balances, $51,159. ~ ( . - T . . . .
SPOKANE, ¦ April 18.— Clearings, $274,794
balances, $4752. .-,-'•
Northern Business.
were gains of between 2 and 8 points In North
American. People's Gas. the rubber- goods
stocks. New Tork,' Air -Brake, the American
Snuff - stocks. Fort Worth • and • Denver City
stamped and Nashville.- Chattanooga and St.
Louis. Burlington, Cedar. Rapids and North
ern dropped 10 points on a single sale and
Brooklyn Lnion Gas 3. Amalgamated Copper
was quiet, but somewhat depressed after ye«
terday s dividend reduction. American Sugar
v.-as sold on the strength of the proposed
amendment to the Cuban reciprocity bill to
rescind the differential duty on. refined sugar.
The preliminary flgures of the caBh movement
for the week, indicating a gain In reserves of
over $1,500,000 and an easier tone in the money
market, were calculated to sustain the specu
lative . movement. The fact that sterling ex
change has ruled easy throughout the week in
spite of large American subscriptions to the
new British loan and some selling of securi
ties Here on London account, while the supply
of commercial bills of exchange is notably
scanty, Is striking evidence of the large credit
resources of this center in foreign markets.
The market closed active and Irregular.
The activity In stocks has diverted interest
rrom the "bond market, which was rather dull
and Irregular. Total sales, par value. $5,975,-
United States 3s coupon advanced i£ per
cent and the old 4s coupon declined % per
cent on the last call. -
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
,. . . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchson 71.400 84% 83% S3H
Atchison pfd 28,600 100% 99% 100»4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17,500 110 109'4 loft*;
Bait & Ohio pfd ... 9«'*
Canadian Pac 18,400 123% 121% 123%
Canada Southern.. 200 01 90 00
Chesapeake & Ohio 9.5O0 48U 47% 48
Chicago & Alton... 1,300 37% 37V? 37tf
Chic & Alton pfd.. 500 76% 76^ 7« i
Chic. Ind & L 19.000 66% 62 66$
(Talc. Ind & L. pfd. 1,500 78% 78 78
Chic & East 111.... 100 169 169 168%
Chicago & G W... 8,500 20'i 25% 26
Ch|c & G W B pfd 100 47 47 46v1
9£\ C » rt i; west - »00 251% 250% 25ff%
Chic. R I & Pac... 800 175 174 174
Chic Term & Trans 4,700 22% 22 22
S hl £ Tf r . *o' T J pfd 6 ' 800 4 °H 39% 39%
C. C, C & St Louis 400 106% 105% 105U
Colo Southern 28,400 31% 29"2 Zl*t
Colo South 1st prd. 700 74% 74 71^
Colo South 24 pfd. 7.000 45% 44% 45%
Delaware & Hudson 1,300 175 174 it 1/4
D, Lacka & West. 005
Denver & R G.... 3,300 46% '4514 %5W
Denver & R G pfd. 1.200 »3% 93 02»i
=1e .24,400 S9% 89 39(4
Erie 1st pfd 3,700 7O# 69S4 rtftsJ
Krie2dpfd 2 :806 56 •* 65% 55%
Great Northern pfd 400 185% 185 185
Hocking Valley.... 7,100 84% 83 83«
Hocking Valley pfd 1.500 . 02 * 91 tl%
Illinois Central.... 28.100 J49% 146 149
Iowa Contral 2,800 50% 49% 49%
1 ° w * O«tr«l pfd.. 4,600 88% v «7% ' 88%
5 J? Southern ... 3,800 I 26% V 25% 20
L Erie & Western. 200 69 68 ?;6S%
L E & Western pfd 128
Louisville & Nash. 9,800 129% 126% 127%
Manhattan ;L.....-;- 7.800 134%' 134^ 'imy.
Metropolitan St Ry 1,700 154% 154. 154U
Mexican Central... S.500 30% 29« 30
Mexican National.. 19.800 20% 19% 20%
Minn t St Louis.. 1.200 110 109% no
Missouri Pacific... 52,000 102% 101H ICl**
Missouri. Kan & T. 5,000 27% 25% 26i!
Mo, Kan &T pfd.. 9,500 57% 55^ 56%
Ontario & Western 11,400 34% '34% 34W
Pennsylvania 25.000 151% 151-51%
geaans 129,800 63 61% C^vl
Reading 1st pfd... 1.500 84 84 S3a?
to. to «M pfd.... 2.400 71% 70% ?S44
St L & S F 2d pfd. I.ioo "74% . 7i" U
St Louis SW 2,100 30% 29% 29J4
St Louis SW pfd.. 2,800 63% 62% 62%
15 ?S U "Vi 81 ' 700 173^ l"0% 172^
St Paul pfd....... 1,300 194 193% 193
Southern Pacific... 77,500 . «S% 67% 67*i
Southern Ry 29,600 37% 37 S7ii
Southern Ry pfd... 2,900 »6% 95V4 95M
Texas i Pacific... 400 44U 431! 40S
Toledo. St L & W. - 700 22% 21^ «?v
T S L & W pfd.. 1.200 39% 39«$ j&l
Lnion Pacific 170.300 105 lovl 104^
Union Pacific pfd.. 6.600 88% 87« ' J»(t
Wabaeh 1,700 25% 24% wl
Wabash pfd .:.... 3,200 Us 44% 441Z
W & Lake Erie,... 400 20% 20% 20^
W & L E 2d pfd.. 300 33 33^ W*
Wisconsin Central. 3,300 27% 26<S4 2n»{
Wisconsin Cen pfd.- 900 49% 48% 4s4
Express Companies — . "
Adams ...'. .... ' 210
American . . - 035
United States ..... 600 125 1*>2" 1*2
Wells Fargo o^J
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 21.600 64%. -63%' 64>S4
Am Car & Foundry 1,700 29% 28% 29
Am Car & F pfd.. 600 89% ss% 89
Am Linseed Oil ... 900 22% 21»4 2"
Am Lin Oil pfd... 1,000 54 51% 53U
Amer Loco 41.100 36% 35%' 36
Amer Loco pfd... 11,700 98 96% 97
Am Smelt & Ref. 1.700 47 46% 4C&
Am S & Ref pfd... 500 87 97 87
Anaconda Mln Co. 300 112 ¦ 110% 114
Brooklyn Rap-.Trn. 23.500 67 65% 66 w'
Colo Fuel & Iron... 80.700 109% 107 108%
Consolidated Gas.. 5,900 225% 224 224%
Con Tobacco pfd... 300 119% 119 119W
General Electric . . »00 327% 326 32Cii
Hocking Coal .... 900 21 a i 21 21
Internat Paper ... 300 21 '. 20% 20%
Internat Paper pfd :".... 74
Intemat Power ... 13.200 163 152% 162
Lacledo Gas w -. 90
National Biscuit .. 400 51 60% 50%
National Lead ... 1,300 10% 19 19 y.
North American . . 5,700 132 . 120% 129»i
Pacific Coast 200 71% 70% 70%
Pacific Mall .. . 600. 43% 43% 43
People's Gas ..... 30,800 105 102% 104
Pressed Steel Car.. COO 41% 40% 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. * 100 83% S3V1' 83%
Pullman Pal Car. 200 •; 238% 237 236
Republic Steel ... 1,700 I 18 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd.- 2,500 ' 74 -73% 74
Sugar ... ....... 24,400 133 131% 131%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 14,500 71% 70% 7114
Union Bag & P Co. 200 16 16 15X4
U B & P Co pfd. go
U S Leather ...... l.fiOO 13 54 12% 13
17 S Leather pfd... 400 85 84% R4«
U S Rubber ....... 400 18% 18 18
TJ S Rubber pfd... ¦ ; go
U S Steel 36.300 42% 42»i 42%
U S Steel pfd . ».7OO 93% !>2% 92%
Western Union ... 21,700 94% 93 83%
Total sales ....1,573,900
CLOSING BONDS..
U S refunding 2s, L & Nash unl 4s. .102%
reg 109% Mexican Cent 4s.. 84%
do coup .......109% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 37'A
do 3s reg 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
do coup 108% M K & T 4s 101
do new 4s reg. .138 do 2ds . . ; 83U
•do coup ....... WiVt N Y Cent lets... 10J%
do old 4b reg. ..111U do gen 3%s....lO9
do coup .......11114 N.J Cent gen 5s.. 141
do 5s reg ..105% North Pac 4s.... .105
do coup ..107 • do 3s '. .' 74«i
Atchlson gen 4s. -.103% Norf & W con 4s. 101 U
do a<JJ 4s »4% Reading gen 4s... 99%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% St L & I me 5s. 116%
do 8%s . V.. 06% St L & S P 4s.... 101
do conv 4s 110 St L 8W lsts.:... 100
Can South. 2ds... 108 do 2ds.......... 86%
Cent of Ga 6s. ...112# S A & A Pass 4s. 91 ii
Ches &-Ohlo 4%s.l08i4 South Pac 4s..T.. 95
Chi & Alton 8%s. SHi South Ry 6s... ...123
C B & Q new 4».. 90% Tex & Pac lsts. ..120U
C M & St P g 4s. 116 Tol St L & W 4s. S2Vi
C & NW con 7s.. 136% Union Pac 4s..... 105%
C R I & P 4s... ..113% do conv 4s.:.;. 108%
C C C & StL g 4s. 104% Wabash lsts -. . . ..119%
Chi Term 4s.....'. 90% do 2ds ..,....,,. HO'Vi
Colo & South 4s. V 90 • do deb ~B ...... 75U
Den & R Gr 4s... 103% West Shore 4s. . ..113 U
Erie prior lien 4s.l00Vi Wheel & L E 4s.". 92%
do sen 4b 87% Wls Cent 4s.....; 93
Ft W & D C lsts. 114% Con Tobacco 4s...' 65%
Hock Valley 4%s.Ul :«,--.%,;, ™
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. :
Adams Con ....:. 20, Little Chief...:;;.' 11.
Alice ............ CO Ontario '.';.. ; . ; ; . . fl 50
Breece 50iOphlr ............1 25
Brunswick Con... 15 Phoenix ..'.; cW
Comstockg Tunnel 05% Potosl .' " 20
Con Cal & V..... 1 'M Savage ...... ..».-.. 10
Dead wood Terra. . CO Sierra Nevada. ... 20
Horn Silver ..... 1 40 Small Hopes... :; '. 46
Iron Silver ... ... , 70 Standard ' . V.;~. ,'. ; 3 35
• POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and log 16c for Hens ; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50
@5 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens, $4 50®
5 50; young Roosters. $C 50®7 60; old Roosters,
$4 5005 F;ryers. $5<@6; Broilers, $4 50®5 for
large and $2#3 for small: Pigeons, $1 5001 75
per dozen for old and ?1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$150;- White Geese. 50c; Brant. 75c@$l 25 per
dozen; Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $2 50@3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Poultry was In liberal receipt and the demand
was rather slack. Large young stock was In
fair demand, but small stock was not wanted.
Old Hens and Roosters were also dull. . The
quotations were generally obtained when sales
wer« made. One car of Eastern Is expected for
to-day's market. • '¦
Game continues to move slowly at unchanged
prices. Twenty-six sacks came in. '
Poultry and Game.
i Woolen ' goods are - In urgent demand, ; pur
chasers having secured most of the cloth which
the American Company: was unable to furnish
owing to the strike. Footwear shipments from
Boston have decreased, but, jobbers are placing
orders for fall and the, shops are well oc
cupied. . ¦ - ' «'•
Grain and meats have advanced very strong.
Wheat was sustained by exports from all ports
of 4.485,352 bushels, • flour Included,' against
4,613,891 bushels a year ago. -
I Sugar and coffee . have been notably . weak,
the latter falling to within -a sixteenth of the
bottom record. ' ¦ .; ;..-•-. .
Failures for the week numbered ¦ 261 in the
United States, against 203 last year,' and 24
In Canada, against 21 a year ago. :.;,../-„¦
Quotations of Iron and steel cannot • yet I be
considered . inflated, ; but the ' market Is follow
ing natural courses,' despite the efforts of-lead
ing interests to maintain a conservative po
sition. ' ' . ; .-. :¦ • . ¦
,*/ "; ' ¦¦¦- : — " ¦ , • •¦ — — *
NEW YORK. April 18.— R.G. Dun &.Co.'s
Weekly j Review of Trade to-morrow t will I say :
Weather conditions have been potent for good
during the past week. .-.- Retail distribution was
greatly accelerated, .' which > In turn enlarged
jobbing j trade and brought ' : more pressure on
manufacturers " for prompt shipment;, agricult
ural work was facilitated -and building opera
tions made rapid • progress ; traffic . increased at
the interior as the condition of < country, roads
improved, which made collections better. Some
labor controversies were, settled and others
were averted. Complaints are still heard re
garding,. tardy deliveries, but : freight is- less
congested and business has increased to the
extent of 6.9 per cent, larger railroad earnings
for April thus far than last year and 16.3 per
cent over 1900. ; ; '. «
'Another decline in Silver. No variation in* Exchange.
Lucol Oil marked up.
Wheat someivhat loiver on call Barley quiet and cas\
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Fccdstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull and featureless.
Butter and Eggs steady and_ Cheese zveakf-
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Bacon and Lard follow Hants up i-2c.
Hogs coming in from Western points again.
Potatoes in good demand and firm. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game continue quiet. ¦
Oranges in better supply and quieter.
Local stocks and bonds' show little variation. •':' -
SHEEP— Receipts, • 2300; markei steady.
Western lambs, $6 25@6 90;. Western . sheep.
f4 70@G 10. ..
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, ¦: 500; market steady. . Natives, $5 50@
7 10; cows and ' heifers, $1 25@6 50;' veals
$3 00@6; stockers and feeders, $2@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 4000; 5c higher. Light ana
light packers, $6 92%@7; medium and heavy,
$7 10<&7 35; pigs, $4 85@6 35.
ST. JOSEPH,
"SHEEP— Receipts/ 3000 head; market steady;
lambs steady. . Good to choice wethers, $5 50
@(3 20; fair to choice mixed, $4 75@5 50; West
ern sheep, $4 75@G 20; native lambs, $4 75a
6 50; Western lambs, $5 50@6 65.
- HOGS — Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over, 6000 head. Market steady to
strong. MIxedand butchers', $6 80@7 30- good
to choice heavy, - $7 25@7 40; rough heavy, $7
@7 20; light, $(i 75@C 95; bulk of sales, ?7@
CHICAGO, April 18.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500. . Good to prime steers, . nominal, : $6 60©
7 25; poor to medium, $4 63@6 50; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@5 25; .cows,* ?1 50@5 75; heif
ers, $2 C0@6; canners', $1 50@2 40; bulls, $2 50
@5 50; calves, $2 50@5 50; Texas-fed' steers,
$5 25@6 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— . US Steel :...... 42%
Call loans 4 @4% Do pfd ....'.... 02ft
Time loans . ..4%@5 Mining — .
Bonds — « Adventure ... ... 22
Atchlson 4s 103 Allouez ... 3%
Gas lsts 8oi$ Amalgamated .... 61%
Me jjcan Cen 4s.. 83% Bingham ... .7.V 38%
NE Gas & Coke. M Calumet & Hecla. 590
Railroads— Centennial ... ..19 '
Atchlson 83% Copper Range ... 59%
Do pfd 100 Dominion" Coal ..140}i
Boston & Albany. 2tK Franklin ... .... 12
Boston & Maine. 104 Mohawk ... .....35
N V_ N H & H..224 Old Dominion ... 21%'
Fitchburg pfd ...140 Osceola 01 T4
Union Pacific ....104% Parrot ..V26%
Mexican Central. . 29% Quincy ...122'-
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. .2
American Sugar.. 131 V 8 Tamarack ... ,.;175 '
Do- pfd ........ 119% Trimountain ..... 98 '
Amer Tel & Tel. 178 Trinity- .13%
Dorii Iron & Steel. 70 United States ... 22
General Electric. 325% Utah . . "2214
Mass Electric ... 45% Victoria 5%
Do pfd ....97 VVinona 1%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Wolverine . 63
United Fruit . . . 104 Daly West ...... 45%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 94% M K & Texas.... 26%
Cons for acct..94 13-lti Do pfd ........ 35%
Anaconda 5% N Y Central .....168%
Atchison ... .... 86% Norf & West 60
Do pfd ...:... .102% Do pfd . 92%
Bait & Ohio..... 112% Ontario & West.. 35 : !4
Canadian Pacific. 124% Southern Ry 38%
Chesap & Ohio.. 49% Do pfd ........ 09
Chicago G W. ... 30% Southern Pacific V.68>&
Chi Mil & St P. 175% Union Pacific ...10«
Denver & Rio. G.. 48-Ji Do pfd ........ 90%
Do pfd 05% U S Steel 43%
Erie 40% Do pfd ........ 96%
Do 1st pfd. .... 72 Wabash ... 25%
Do 2d pfd -. 57% Do pfd 46
Illinois Central. ..150 Spanish 4 S ...... 7S%
Louis & Nash ...12994
Bar silver, weak, 24Ud'per ounce. Money,
2M per cent. The rate of discount in the open
market for short bills is 2?i per cent. The
rate of discount in the open market for three
months* bills Is 2% per ce"nt.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
complain of a shrinkage, but this if the natu
ral result ot the change of weather for the
past week. British Columbia Is increasing- her
shipments of household coal, hence there . Is . a
relative decrease of demand for Australian
domestic grades, although there are several
cargoes now en route, suitable for that pur
pose. Freights on ccal . from Australia still
remain depressed, evidencing that outward,
grain freights from there are ruling: low. aa
our. local outward grain freights are anything
but seductive. Fuel Oil Is being sold in lar«»
quantities, still there is no perceptible im
provement in quotations; It is still being:
offered, at very low flgures, notwithstanding
consumers can well afford to pay much higher
for it. An extraordinary demand has recently
developed itself for screenings and slack for
steam, as it is low-priced and very effective:
for the moment all the yards are without any
on hand. As only house coals' are screened,
the quantity made is not large, steam coals
are never screened. The large deliveries here
this week from British Columbia will relieve
the market and will cause some of it to go Into
yard."
OIL— Lucol is higher. California Castor Oil,
in cases. No. 1, 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil,
in barrels, boiled, 78c: raw,«T6c: cases. 5c
more; Lucol. 68c for boiled and 66c for raw,
in barrels: Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels, 0Oc; cases. 05c; China Nut, 57%@68o
per gallon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels. 70c;
cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c. Whale Oil, nat
ural white, 40@50c per gallon; Fish Oil. bar
rels 42%c; cases, 47%c; Cocoanut OIL barrels,
63> 2 c for Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
i£?J?f OIL— Water White Coal OU. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, la bulk. 18c:
In cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, lf-jc; in
cases. 21c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c- la
cases, 26%c. "
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases an*
61c in drums and iron barrels
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes 33 follows, per pound, in 100-Ib
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
l'%! c: vP 0W 5 ered> 4s Sc: Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated 4.25c-
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c*
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "T>," 3.55c
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels, 4.75c;* boxes
6c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$1 S5@2 per box. $1 60@l 75 for No. 1 and $1®
1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@S5c per box:
extra fancy. 90c@$l 25; Green Peas, ". 75c@$l 25
per sack; .String Beans, from. Los Angeles,
lC@15c per lb. . Including Wax: Cabbage. 40@
50c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ~5c<ff$l 2o
per box and $1@1 25 per crate; Mexican Toma
toes, 75c@$l 50 per box, including repacked;
Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do,
13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12 %@20c per lb; Car
rots. 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@
$1 per • dozen for small and $1 25@1 50 for
large; Garlic. 2@2%c; Los Angeles Green Pep
.rers, 12%@15cJ Mexican do, 8@10c; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 15@20c: Summer Squash,
frcm Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50: Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton ; Hubbard Squash, $15
(gliO; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS-nrOregons, $2 10@2 35 for the best
and $1 60@2 for lower grades; Australian, $:>¦$
3 25, second^ hands; . Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions, 40@B0c per box. .
POTATOES — New Potatoes,- 2@2%c per lb;
old. $1 35@l 55 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 60@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. ; River Reds, , $1 50@l 60; Early
Rose, for seed, $1 5O@ 1 65; Oregon Burbank3,
for seed, $1 20@l 50; Sweets. $1 00@2 for Mer
ced. .
-Asparagus cleaned ' up well under a steady
local demand. - Receipts were large and fancy
stock was slightly lower. Rhubarb was plen
tiful and sold at unsteady prices. Receipts of
Peas have been heavy all the week, with large
quantities carried over from day to day.
About - 1000 sacks came in yesterday and al
though offered at low figures, the market did
not clean up. Los Angeles Vegetables were in
liberal receipt and being in good condition- met
with ready sale.
There were no Onions received and the mar
ket showed no change, stocks of all descriptions
being plentiful.
and . offerings in first, hand3- were firmly held.
New Potatoes. were- offering freely at slightly
lower prices.
New York : Cotton Market.
-•NEW YORK, April. 18.— The cotton market
closed steady with prices 12 points higher to 1
point .lower..
while London was Is 3d higher at £13 13s 9d.
- SPELTER— Locally was firm • and unchanged
at $4 45,. and 2s 6d higher at London at £18. J
IRON — The iron market was quiet.* Pigiron
warrants, nominal ; i No. 1 foundry Northern,
$10@20; No. 2 foundry Northern, $1S@19; No. 1
foundry, Southern, $17 6O@1S; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft, $17 50@18. '.-• •• -
¦ English markets were lower. Glasgow closed
at 54s 4d and Middlesboro at 46a 7%d.
is recalled for at'least'a decade past arid lum
ber and kindred, materials are active: at; mobt
markets. & It • has been : a weather; market for
the' cereals, .with the general, tendency. upward
on poor crop reports and- light receipts. . The
imposition of the export duties by. the .British
Government had only^a momentary 'effect here.
Production and. consumption of Iron and steel
are apparently at the maximum.
• Wheat including . flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,118,108 bushels, against 3,842.012
bushels last week and 5,308,217 bushels in this
week last year.-. ¦¦' :y- ... ¦- - ¦: •.-:< ;- ;< -
Wheat exports, July. 1, 1001, to date (forty
two weeks), aggregate 206,800,087- bushels,
against 166,333,035 bushels last season..'-, ¦
In Canada for the week failures aggregated
20, against 16 last -week and 28 in this ween
a yearaso. -.,.¦:;' ' v . r . , ¦ , ;
Business failures for the week hr the United
States number 193, against 1S2 last week.' 212
in this week last year, and 161 In 1000. ¦-
THE SAIST FKANCISCO / CALL, SATURDAY^ APRIL 19, ,1902. r
Dun's Review of Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Bradst reefs on Trade.
11THE SAST IEANCISCOCALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1902
12
MISS or Mrs. Curti3. ' the hotel housekeeper,
please call or send your, address' to C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
OPERATORS. oriMadies'. waists.; 050 Mission
. -. st.-,- third - floor, r.- " ¦¦ ':¦.: ' -. >
OPERATORS to take. work home. 656 Mission
.- ,-' st.^thlrd floor.'.;.'.".;,." ,;.,-_ , . .- - '»*" :
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
.¦and where ; last employed.' Box;4S07, Call.
GIRLto assist tailor; icall early. .1274 Union
¦¦ street.!.: ¦-. j,.;;.^V:V.:;:.;.l.. ! .-¦'¦;¦¦ V;'-.'.
GLOVE makers wanted ; steady work. , , Apply
¦ 369 Hayes st.':--; ¦:"./,'• ; ' ' ¦¦-¦-'.-•"¦•. ¦¦ '.'-'1-. :.a'-
A YOUNG - woman ,-to ;do general housework;
;¦-;¦ wages $20 per month.: Apply store. 435 Third.
HAIRDRESSER ; " good wages'; permanent.'. 324
¦; ; Post; at.*; "7; JIT!' ''¦ .:' '.' ¦ -. -'¦' ''¦¦'' ¦'•'• ' - ¦ : -' '
WANTED^-Glrl . ' to attend shooting gallery.
¦Call 523 Pacific st' ,¦'¦•.•¦.* ¦;> ". : i- ; •¦ ; '.'• ¦'. ¦¦'
¦MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light': housework
•and asslBt;wlth baby.; -1008 Ftllmore st. :
A- GIRL to '< help in • dining-room. 615 Valen- ;
¦ r: da' st. ¦'¦. .•f.-y-^-^Yr.--';^--' ¦-. -•¦•¦:•" ¦¦' : -"-. •'' '
APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
i '? WOOD & CO./ 27 Geary st. ¦ ¦;'..-'.- :* ¦ . . < .
OPERATORS i on '-;> gents' custom and ' stock
'.' shirts.-. 535 '.Valencia' st. : ' - : . ¦•: .;> '' : '¦:.•'.:
OPERATORS : on golf : and dress Bhirts:*highest
prices, t D. 1 , C." HEGER, ; 723 MarlcetiStSmiHa.
¦ .; •:¦¦.'•'•. '^^¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦.; ! - -.-,;• ¦-.. ¦¦¦ .,....• S' -* :!.";*¦¦¦¦* - :-:'i
.--..¦ ¦ ¦ , . - ¦ . ¦ , .
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, 656 Mission
st, third floor. ... V
OPERATORS on-ladles" oversklrts, 056 Mission
st./ third floor. '. t - : V '
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. Apply,' ready
• for work, at LIVINGSTON. BROS... 123 Post.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' ; silk waists;
steady work; good pay. . S. F. MFG. CO.,
523 ' Market st. ' .-.'..;.:, - ¦•¦ '¦ ; : : .-•';•¦;.! 'i.V'v
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying ,work. . LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.,; 32% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; good
wages. . 421 Noe st, near Seventeenth.
WAITER or waitress wanted. 1270 Devlsadero,
cor. Sutter. ',';¦"' ','.'¦_¦ .
MONEY TO LOAN.
J^HERMaTmUKPHY, 601-602 Examiner biff
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
...On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates «
Property Being Held In Trust. .-...«
.....Undivided Interests In Real Estate....,
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
iA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. One.).
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; .will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN*
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First second and third mortgages...........*
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.".. .«
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
..... ...,24 Montgomery st.. room 3 »
ANY. proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant are., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market at: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no re«moval; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st. room 33.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture pianos; no removal: low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
E F DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
,Oi> furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private-
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential: open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan turns to
cult: Interest low; also easy payment loans.
. Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthels. ,208 Post
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. I.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH -loaned salaried people on note without
mdorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON ¦ furniture and pianos; . $15 up; ¦ no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
. strictly private. ; LICK. 118 McAllister st
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It , A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Easter*
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
WANTED — Experienced waitress in restaurant,
' 310 Third st. : ¦ : : ': ','.¦•' '-
WANTED— Second 'girl; small family: 'wages
$20; call Monday. 1020 Green; ref.: required.
LAUNDRESS for every Monday. .-. 1713 Brod-
.erlck st., near Bush. : ..,.;•
WANTED— A young girl to assist with chil-
dren 1316 Steiner st. :
OPERATORS and button-hole" makers on vests;
¦ -good wages. 766 Geary st ' ' . -.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32Vi Fremont
»t, MR. DAVIS. . ; '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng,1213 Market. bet8th&9th,tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. .WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.;tel.Mlsslon 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G.^H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329. Guerrero St.: teL Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. .
J. E. MITCHELL' Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.*
FOR lowest prices In carpet-cleaning ring up
PRICE & CO.. Howard 2475; office 15 8th st
~~~ ~ jffijjjffi-j
A^DR."t!"s7T5iGGINs" 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns,' $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
. Painless extraction.'
. I- do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, ¦ plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ¦ ex-
perience; no, students; advlne free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, \D-D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk st:. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D/ S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4;. crowns, $3; fillings, 60c.
DR E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; houre 10 to 4.
MEYER 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas* specialist.
BET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk >t.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
EDUqATIONAL.
HISALb' S SCHOOL OF^LECTRICAl' ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop "work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
_$S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
'¦ tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
| A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, . law and - medical
colleges; references; President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
I A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
! MARSH COLLEGE.' Is this advice Wprth
i following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
FRENCH lady knowing perfectly French lan-
guage gives lessons at pronunciation and
writing to little boys and girls. 831 Sutter
I st ; WM. BERTH. ' '
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School.
; associated with theatrical agency securing
S positions.- Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
. beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
1 new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
rood positions In March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; indlvidualln-
struction; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
SPANISH. French.etc. Prof. De Flllppe'sAcademy
J of Languages,320Post;estab'd !S71;ablest prof a.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1003 Mission: Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st. •-¦
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page, catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,565 Mission; tel.John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT O^FICEJ^_^^
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kiroshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 616.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook, and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Suttfr.tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A GIRL speaking two foreign languages ' and
English wishes a position to take care of chil-
dren; wages $25. Box 4965, Call of flee. , •
.YOUNG lady desires position as secretary or
assistant correspondent; speaks German; best
references. Address box 1496, Call office. \
WOMAN wishes a situation with an old cou-
ple; good references exchanged. Apply to
133' Hancock St., bet. 18th and 19th, Noe and
Sanchez.
WANTED — Position ¦ by well-bred woman, to
care for house; can do beautiful sewing and
¦embroidery; I desire good home., Address
A. M.. box 4940. Call office.
YOUNG girl would like position to assist with
light housework: city; or country; wages $10-
$12. 412 Linden ave.
WANTED — Position J as housekeeper or com-
panion to elderly lady, for " the day only.
. Address Lady, box 4912, Call office. *. ¦ :
COLORED woman wishes day's « work. ¦ $1 25
. per day and car fare. -Phone 5491. 1133 Clay.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants to go out
washing. Box 1800, Call office. . ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt; near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; fre9
bus and baggage to and '. from ferry. -
WANT ads and subscriptions i taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C39 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call • advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st. ... :, ¦' . ;•¦: . .¦; ¦ . ¦,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED Swedish' man wants work
of any kind; $15 to $20. MRS, NORTON,
313 Sutter st. • ' '¦•'¦) . - /. .••> ;
MAN and wife wish > positions; - wife • Is I flrst-
• class cook; man handy generally about place;
, best of references. Box 4953. Call. - ..:¦-.-. t y .;- ¦,
RELIABLE younc man wishes situation with
"*~-- some private family; understands care horses.
can milk and care garden. '- Box 4073, Call. ¦.
STEADY young . German wishes t any < kind of
position in wholesale or . commission-house.
.Box 4961. Call. . ; ¦;/. >>\S'/-:-.- ; . '
A YOUNG man. 2.3 years of age, wishes situa-
tion; as a bottler in' a wine house: good- ref-
erences. AUGUST. BOEHM. 122 Seventh st.
YOUNG man wants situation -.taking: : care- of
horses and garden; good driver; , can 'milk;
handy with tools.. • Box 1452, .Call.,;.'. .; .
WANTED— Position by. correspondent ' and : ad r
. : vertlsing , writer; ¦ highest class i Eastern ref er-
¦ en.ces ; and - experience i In' department % store
mail ¦ order and ; hardware business.' : Box
: 4052, .Call office.'. 1 ,;;, -'. ¦¦ ¦:¦¦_. .' ¦:.-. ¦"'¦¦'.' ;¦¦*-
\ MIDDLE-AGED Dane ¦ wishes' situation In prl-
vjite family; understands care of horses/, cows
! and garden; first-clasp recommendations.-
;. ' Box 4949, Call office. V '."',,,' .; : - ;;- ,. , -/
WANT a position as .working, foreman of ware-
' •¦ house; ; thoroughly ."understand' storing ,*. and
• shipping of : merchandise; good reference.
! . Box 1556,'; Call offlce.\
¦ JAPANESE, good- young boy, ., wishes. place to
i . , do housework or In. store; -good recommenda-
tions. Call at: 333 Eddy st • , ,: - :, ..-;.?;.
SKILLED operators In facial tnassage. Call on
Fanny Briggs Carr Los Angeles Face Prepa-
ration Co., Mondays, 11 a. m.,,123 Stockton.
YOUNG lady with small capital as traveling
partner: good paying business. Box < 1624,
Call office. : ,
SHORT-ORDER cook from 6 a. m. to 2 p. m.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st >
WAITRESSES for resorts, commercial and city
hotels, $25 and $20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335
Geary, st, ¦; ¦
WANTED — Cooks, waitresses, • nurses, second
girls and a large number of girls for house-
work in city; big wages. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A large number of , girls for all
kinds of housework in- Alameda. Oakland.
Nlles, Berkeley, Crockett, San Rafael, No-
vato and all nearby towns; places too num-
erous to advertise ; call early to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. /
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR Sale — 1 pair big black carriage horses; 1
pair medium black mares; 1 pair black road-
sters- 1 pair bay roadsters; all well matched.
Inquire at St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st
JAS. SHIRLEY. ¦'
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st WM. G. LAYNQ. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOH,N J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale, Santa' Rosa salesyard — Just arrlred.
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
- sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
LARGE draught horses for sale, weighing from j
1700 to 1800. at STEIN'S stable, 712 Broad-
way, near Stockton st. ..
HORSE, $45; big mare. $60; young stud. $30;
cut-down express, $125; harness, $6. 79 City
Hall a\-e. .
WANTED — 50 horses for pasture; terms $2 per
month. EUGENE RILEY, 109 Vallejo st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.driving horses. 15th&VaIencta.
AN A 'No. I express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing.' <1 per vearl
'.V;;; HOUSES TO LET. - ,«/
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, -six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Chiy and Sacramento." Apply
10 Ewer place. . . ¦ *- *
TO lease for 6 months or year," 9 rooms all car-
peted:bath; gardens. 220 13th, nr.' Howard.
FOLSOM, 2410, near Twentieth — House, 0
large sunny rooms; bath, garden. - stable.
HOUSES TO - LET-— FURNISHED.
NICE furnished house in Western Addition »
rooms., for the summer to desirable tenant
Apply tojC. S. CAPP & CO.. real estate
agents. 630 Market St.
TO rent for one year.- on account of departure
house of 6 rooms and bath; piano; reason-
able. Apply 1615 Gough st
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms: sun all day: fino resi-
dence district: Pcrtola st. off Waller b«t
Pl»rc» and St»»ln»r. OKO. MOOttTC, «CT Portol*.
/ ;^INVESTMENTS.
: THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
• LOST AND FOUND. "
LOST — Promissory note ' of $^500; signed by J.
B. ¦ McGLEW; and Indorsed . by CD.' Lane
. and Lynde-Hough Co. and payable to Lynde-
Hough Co. The public is ' warned not to ne-
. gotlate the same, as payment Is stopped. San
' Francisco, April IS. 1002. , J. B.! McGLEW.
'¦ LOST— Cocker spaniel. Return 1223 York st
" LOST— Umbrella In Park, Panhandle. Return
' to ' Palace Hotel ; , reward^ ' ¦ ' * '
' LOST-— -Tuesday. ' a black, cocker spaniel dog.
Reward at 1223«York st.r " ¦> :¦- '-"'•'--'
" LOST — A Pass Book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society, of San Francisco. ln;the
name of MARY W. SHERRY. No. 153-409.
The finder will please return to Bank.
: LOST— From ark Utopia, Belvedere. . green
p .'. round bottom rowboat * DR. . M AUK, 203 Ma-
son st: reward
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
" free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. 5th.
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H.^ Thomas Post. G.A.R.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper, resort, only experienced
wanted $35
, Head waitresses for resort and spring.. . .$35
Waitress and chambermaid, same resort.. $20
. 2 waitresses, Mendoclno Co., fare paid... .$20
2 waitresses, Yosemite, see boss here-.. ..$20
Chambermaid to wait, and a nurse girl,
mother and daughter, country hotel,
see boss here .'. . . . .-. . ; . .' $23
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, oil region," ?20, see party here;
.housegirl, Oakland, nice place, see party
' here; about fifty other places, city and coun-
try, ' for cooks, houseglrls, second ', girls,
nursegirls, $10-S30; housegirl, Alameda, -3 In
family, German or Swedish, :. $30; a choice
place, 2 in family, Sausalito, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ... . . .429 Bush st.
(Opposite : California Hotel.)
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
IIKLP WANTED — FEMALE.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart st.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD,
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Post.G.A.R
GLOVES.
.' _¦ F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
YOUNG painter and paperhanger, $1 50 day.
and found; milker and wife, $50 and found;
'cheese maker' and wife.- $45;- 3 milkers, $30
and found; farmers. $25. $30 and $35; fore-
man for ranch, $50 and found; teamsters,
$1 25 and board; 10 laborers for mill and
woods $30 and found, fare . advanced; 5
drillers, $2 25 day, free fare; 4 miners, $2
day and board and $2 50 to $2 75 day; stable-
man for milkman, $30 and found; can wash-
er, $30 and found ; milk wagon driver. | $35
and found; carpenters, $3 50 day; blacksmith.
$2 50 day; bench hand; wood turner and
• band sawyer; and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st-
STEWARD for country hospital; cook and wife,
$50; camp cook, SCO; boarding-house cook, $35;
ranch cook and choreman; $25 to $30; fourth
hand baker. $8 week and board; waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. ' CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ' '. . , 1
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. nhone Bush 405.
• RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE FARE. .". .'.:.. .FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada. $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. .... ..$2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods.
$26 to $G5 month and board, fare . advanced.
1 experienced edgerman ...... .$3 per day
1 head setter or screw turner. .... .$3 per day
. 6 laborers, city, 8 hours. .... ...$1 75 per day
Fruit pantryman, city hotel, $30 per. month:
experienced driver . 2-horse * wagon, ; city,' $2
! per day; marble cutter, country, 8 hours,
$3 50 per day. CALIFORNIA EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY, 59 Third. st. •
A — SECOND cook for commercial hotel, coun-
try, $60, fare advanced. MRS. M. DAY, 335
Geary st. '¦ . ....
A — FOREMAN for bottling works; must be
¦ carbonator. : MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
A— WAITER for springs, $25, fare here. C.
R. Lewis, waiter, please call. MRS. M. E.
DAY.- 335 Geary st
A — NURSE' for elderly gentleman, $25 and
found. MRS. M/ E. DA Y. 335 Geary st.
A — PORTER for first-class springs, $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Cook, nice
country hotel, $40; cook and helper or man
and wife, country hotel. $65; young man to
help waiting, country, $25;. dishwashers, $15
to- $30; coachman and do garden work, $35;
choreman for ' nursery, $20 and found; valet,
$40; 2 farm hands, Napa County. $25; porter,
family hotel. $20; bell and elevator boys,- $15.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Barman, $40 ; elevator boy, $15, country.
A YOUNG man. light work, $20, see party here
10 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Local 14S— Special
meeting. MONDAY, ; April - 21. ' Business of
great Importance. . By. order of the union. ,
, \. ¦• ', JOS. R. : BLEILY, ', Secretary.
WANTED — A few energetic/Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; -.successful 'candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ;' salary and "liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T.' W. Griffin, dally from 2
j to 4 p.m.,' ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 1606 Market St.- . ; . . : .:
WANTED— For U. : S. army, ablebodled unmar-
¦ rled men. between ages of 21 and 35;. citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits,- who can speak, read and write
'English.; For Information' apply to Recrult-
..'lng; Officer. 121, New " Montgomery 'St. San
1 Francisco. ¦ or Masonic building, ' Sacramento.
2 FIRST-CLASS picture agents on new article;
I .must-be A No. 1 and prepared- to make rea-
¦ . sonable ! deposit on ¦ sample case ; $10 ' a week
and commission: call Immediately. 826 Six-
, .teenth St., Oakland. ! - ¦-¦,..- . '
WANTED— Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
' Apply, MANGRUM & , OTTER," 581-583 Mar-
¦\ket st. .: ,'...'. ' ¦'.¦¦¦ ¦ . . ' -¦. . :'¦¦,.
YOUNG- man . to . work about, premises :• good
salary; meet party here 8 a.m. ¦' Coast Em-
ployment Co., 502 Taylor st.
WANTED — Second cook, young man, for short
orders and to help on dinners; $8. .; Capital
• ' Restaurant, \ 200 McAllister st. . , .
SALESMAN .wanted; $600 per year guaranteed;
state age, .ref erences and experience.' Box
,".]4966, -Call office.,-.: v , ' ¦, ,, ¦• . „»; . .
FIRST-CLASS : operator ; wanted 'on coats. • S.
;• . N. .TVOOD& CO..i27 Geary; at.- ¦-.' . ¦ .. .
CARRIAGE' painters at .'¦ O'BRIEN & SON'S,
,• Golden Gate ave. and Polk st. ' .
WANTED— Baker; young man to help. ' Apply
; r Cottage Bakery. ' 1550 Church, : cor.* Duncan. .¦
EXPERIENCED dishwasher, jj! 1507 Market st,
: : near, Eleventh. : .- '¦'¦-. '-";.. ¦;.-..--•.-¦ .
AN .'• apprentice . boy. wanted for an architect's
;, of flee. ," Box 1437. Call office.- . :
ELEVATOR boy. 12G Ellis st. , v .
»WANTED--Good- waiter; at 108 Seventh st:
- v call after So' clock. '•¦' \. . ¦ / >
-WANTED— To rent. .'a three-chair barber shop
: • cheap. ' Apply • Call . office.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion.' S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment
541 . Market at.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
. rcasona. S. J. WAUGH. r.' -115, Examiner big.'
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel: Red 1354.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALK.
_tOILERsTengines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH * WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
COLLEGE KENNELS has Just received a fins
stock of dogs of all descriptions; come and
pick your prize-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. 115 Halght St.; phone Fell 6811.
A BUYS sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnek, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: big stock: Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. Th«
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
EOILERS engines, pumps, dynamos, compres-
sors water pipe and belting, second-hand,
bought and sold. H. S. White. 130-132 Beats.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats; $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
SMITH Premier typewriter No. 2. cheap. Mllk-
ers' Union of California. 431 Pine st. •
POINT RICHMOND Lots— Maps mailed free.
Richmond Land Co.. 182 Crocker bldg.
ELEGANT saloon and panel doors; going
cheap. J. E. Whittler Co.. 18th and Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS equipment of restaurant for
sale cheap. Box 4793. Call office.
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK S.
KNOWLES. Mission road, near Union Park.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal
ASK for nrices on second-hand type-writers (all
inakes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
FOR sale — Soda water fountain, price $200;
original cost $850. Drug store. Pine & Krny.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st ,.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
SAFES New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern, engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J.. BURKE. 139 Beale st
MISCELLANEOUS ~WAXTS.
WANTED — Second-hand marine engine and
boiler; 3-horsepower; suitable for stern-wheel
boat: must be cheap. Address, with full par-
tlculars. CHAS. R. KAISER. West Berkeley.
EIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call offlca.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie ,2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectricaIWks..41STurlu
FURNITURE WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment 541 Market st.
FOR SALE — First-class gas range; also other
household furniture. 4:J0 Elizabeth st
FURNITURE, 6 rooms, as a whole, or by piece.
49 Hill st, corner Guerrero.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
AT CAVANAGH Furniture Co., 848 and 850
Mission st — Special Inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves. $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
$3 and up; 4 rme. furn., oak. '$48, No. 7 stove.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room_ corner flat
goes to highest bidder; call Saturday p. m.
and Sunday. 495 Eddy st.
FL'ATS r-'Oll SALS KliKXlSHKll
| - FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
UPSTAIRS flat, C sunny furnished rooms. • Call
ld20 Central ave.,- bet. Sutter and Bush sts.
ELDERLY man wanted to help peddling: fruit
and vegetable wagon; wages $15 month and
found. Call to 9 a. m. at 123 Henry st
WANTED — A few brieht boys from 14 to 16
years of age to work In shirt factory. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED — Coatmaker for Eureka: steady job.
J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery it.
A STRONG boy to drive delivery wagon. Ap-
ply at Twenty-fifth and Folsom ata.
WANTED — Miners for Alaska; $6 . day and
, board. Box 1641. Call office.
BARBER evenings, Saturday and Sunday;
steady. Job, 940 McAllister st. .
BARBER shop for sale; boss is sick. ' l&l
Minna st ¦ . . .
BARBERS — Good-paying 2-chalr barber shop A.
bath for sale. H. FALK. Angels Camp. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter;
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good pay; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REIS3 BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
HARNESS and saddle makers wanted. W.
DAVIS & SON. 11 Front st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IC pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB^SALIEl^.
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 $<00
130 rooms; cor.; first-class; Investigate. 16,000
100 rooms; Market st; clears $350 6,000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1,500
9 rooms; sunny cor.; a beauty; only. 3.5
32 rooms: Powell; big transient trade. 3,oOO ,
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350 I
40 rooms: clears S10S • 800
A. H RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market st. corner Ellis.
S500 8 ROOMS; clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and '8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodgtng-houws,
flats: all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
6 r.; Geary: rent $25; lease: very nice. $560 ;
10 r. ; all new and elegant; clears $50.. JO00 !
17 r.; downtown; hskeeplng; clears $60. 900 I
63 r.; total expense of house $175: aparts. l"9Oo |
Money Loaned, 1% per cent.
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent$50; modern building; good
furnishings; death cause of selling $500 |
20 rms.; rent $70; cent, loc.; mixed fur. 1300 j
23 rms.; rent $56: bay-window house.... 1700 j
27 rooms; rent $125; lease; fine furn 3500 .
85 rms.; rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotels to suit all classes j
of buyers; large list; call and Investigate be-
fore buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st (upstairs), bet 5th and Cth.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient: low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house for men 5000
60 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $65: terms.. 1400 j
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market — Some bargains.
$1650 — 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375— 19 rms. ; Jackson; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice business.
$180 — 7 rooms; 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
A SNAP— Lodging-house, 21 rooms; Kearny st;
corner house; best furniture; nets $100 month;
only $1300. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. >
£50 Market St. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value Is in sight
A — NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
FOR SALE — Rooming-house, sunny . corner;
Pcwell st; 42 rooms; owner going to Nome:
price $4000. Box 1494. Call office. <
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C V. MILLER, world's famous materially
Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer, 408 Golden
Gate ave.; all diseases cured; hours 10-4, 7-9.
Mnb. Seal, spiritual -and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no Day. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601 ; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
* MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS ;.-•':.:
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
j description of the past, reveals the present hap-
j penlngs acd portrays events to occur in the fu-
. ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
' love or business troubles, consult this great me-
; dlum and you will be told how to overcome
. them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
j up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
0 MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket &t, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
" 26; take'elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
f anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
" ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant .and
, palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
poslte Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. rn. Sundays from ' 10 to 12 a.m.
" MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
8 reader, born with double veil — second eight;
• diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies 50c,
r . gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
1. A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
~ crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
2 ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. nv
> MRS. CARL STEPHANS. clairvoyant and card
i- reader, 104 Fell, near Van Ness; readings
> dally 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; ladles 50c; gents $1.
— MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
>- advice; names given; -25c up. 5 Fourth st.
a '
3 A — Mrs. Melvill. wonderful , clairvoyant water
I; reader. 11 6th: German spoken; hours, 0 to 9. ,
. ____________________________________
— MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
y read accurately; L. 25c. G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
y CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st, room
I' 22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
CARD reading; ladles 10c; gentlemen 25c. . C25
~ Minna, st
h MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
i- spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 60c.
— MRS. BROWN," clairvoyant card reader; ladles
?- 25c. gents 50c< readings dally. 132 Sixth st
st CLAIRVOYANT, card reader : from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St. nr. 4th.
IP CARPENTER AXD JOBBER, j
_' JOBBING,' office and store fitting wanted by aq
y . Eastern carpenter: reasonable. Box 4931,- Call.
*t! " COLLECTION OFFICES.
X! GEOaGE^wTlcELLY'E I.^ Agency^-No * charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
iH COTTAGES TO LET.': \.>/',~:
id MICHIGAN, 352 — C-room cottage; near Union
Iron Works; $12. " .: ;,
LAGUNA, 2922. near Union— Lower flat 5
rooms and bath; ¦ $11.
LOWER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
BUY Point Richmond lots, $180 and $200; terms
$25 cash, $5 per month; send for circulars.
Richmond Land Company. 182 Crocker bldg.
FINE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
2134-O'Farrell st. >
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
• be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended: no cigarette smokers.' Box 4928, Call.
$22— SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms, bath. 2051
¦ Fifteenth St., corner Sharon. '
ELLIS. 1229, near Octavta — Elegant new S-
room flat; beautiful view of Jefferson square.
TO tailors — First-class foreman for coat fac-
tory; good wages; correspondence strictly
confidential. Address L. Z., box 4962, Call.
FLAT 3 rooms and bath. 9 Tonnlnsrsen place,
. off Howard, between Twelfth and Thirteenth.
A— STEADY man with $200 cash can make
$100 month, year around. 209 Kearny St.,
room 1. .
$25— UPPER sunny modern flat, 6 rooms and
bath; nearly new. . .4159 Twentieth st'
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere »pe-
clallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st., opposite
Union square: all diseases cored by herbs.
PINE. 2132 — 6 rooms, .bath;' all modern; large
bock yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine:
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to %2 per week.
NEW modern sunny flat ; yard and basement ;
near Park. 257 Carl St., near Stanyan.
FLATS TO ; LET.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable "Pecial-
1st; maternity hospital; home for Infants free.
fee low. 906 Market st.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable Jadlea*
specialist; a private home before and durlngj
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining&Invest Co., 326 Post.
DR AND MRS. DAVTES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment Moved from
1223 to 1126 Market St. . C- '¦-'>¦•. '-•¦
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm. $15 to $17 week; per-
manent place; must have some cash. BROWN
& CO., 1221 Market st, upstairs. ' .
MURRAY &, READY.......... 634-636 Clay St.
"...Phone Main 5S48
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
'¦ .........Office Open 7 a. m •••
....... FOR. NEVADA
'r I R. MEN. .'.SALT LAKE DIVISION, i
750 teamsters. Nevada. ..... .$2 to $2 50 day
:t50 laborers. Nevada... *2 to |2 50 day
750 rockmen, Nevada. ...... .$2 to $2 50 day
Steel gang. .Extra gang. .Carpenter s helper
Stone masons' helpers
. .. FREE FARE
SHIP".'." ...(...MORNING AND NIGHT
. CARPENTERS ... . CARPENTERS
CARPENTERS
10 carpenters, country, 5 months' Job, county
- work, $71 50 and found; 5 carpenters, 4
months' job, $3 25 day.... '"iik
« bridge carpenters, long Job ?83
5 carpenters for making concrete forms
$3 75 day
.' 6* carpenters, house work. near city $3 day
3 carpenters, rough work, city .$3 day
4 carpenters for boat building, country
.......... MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith for a small sawmill, easy job
for an old man o $45 and found; blacksmith
for a sawmill, Amador County; blacksmith
for wagon work, city; camp blacksmith.
$2 50 • • '¦¦•
I BRICKYARD HELP
2 brick molders, mine company. $i5; 2 kiln
burners, mine, $75: '4 brick setters, city; 5
brick pitchers; 15 laborers for brickyard
.-. SAWMILL HELP
2 blacksmiths for sawmill; log sniper, Santa
Cruz County, $2 75 day; gang . edgerman,
Amador County; shingle sawyer, see boss
here; 2 shingle packers: 10 laborers for a
- - sawmill, yards and ' woods, fare paid, $oO
and found; 15 laborers for another mill, $35
and found: 20 men to work in woods, $35 and
found „...«.... Ship to-day
LABORERS
5 laborers, near city, $2 day: 6 laborers, city,
8 hours' work; 4 laborers, $27 50, board and
lodging; 50 laborers, other Jobs
. MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener city. $2 day; printer, small coun-
try printing office. $10 week; 2 deck hands
for dredger, $35 and found; 3 stablemen, $40
to $t!0: choreman, private place on ranch, $25
and found; 175 farmers for different ranches.
$25 to $35 and found; 17 Shoremen, $20 to $30
and found; 15 choreboys, $15 to $20; 25 milk-
ers, $25 to $40 and found: 3 butter- makers;
2 . cheesemakers • • •
Five 2-horse scraper teamsters, ranch, $20
and found
Farmer and wife, Yolo County .*.
2 sailors for river dredger. .. .$35 and found
...... .HOTEL, ETC., DEPARTMENT
¦ Cook, summer hotel, Sonoma County. $55 and
found; camp cook. $60;- 2 second cooks,
' springs, $40 and $45; second ; cook, railroad
house, $40 and found: 15 cooks, other places:
14 waiters, $25 to» $40 and' found; 18 dish-
washers, kitchen hands, etc. ................
MURRAY & READY... 034-636 Clay st.
HEU' WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices In operation ; new method , of
placing . stocks and. bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
M or. address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
men need apply; technical man preferred; no
attention paid to answers" unless' giving full
< detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4S10, Call office.-
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerero st. near 13«>—
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 25
years' experience Jn midwifery cases, takes
ladies before and during confinement. Best
motherly care: Infants adopted: confl , n «?2 en _*
,$15; room and board $5 week: consult m« be-
¦ fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at loao
Valencia st. . ' ' ¦ - ~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course: short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8 navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooj
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply .it the Recrultlnr
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
GIRLS 14 to 17 for factory work. - Apnly at
once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
BARBER wanted from Saturday noon to Sun-
day noon. 623 Clay st. ¦ . >*
WANTED— Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market st, -
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 137 Tay-
lor st., near Eddy. . .- '
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment 541 Market st. . - • - ' ' ¦¦'
59,990 ! SHARES of the , capital stock of the
Flores Ha le & Co. were ' sold at : auction on
March. 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior : Court has been set for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m., in Department
9; -any person may appear in Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers;- the highest
bidder. If the price is satisfactory , to ' the
Court, will secure the property. For other
I property of the estate for sale same day see
"Country Real Estate" and "City Real ¦• Es-
tate'.' columns of this paper. For all Infor-
mation apply to . ' -
: . ¦'¦'¦- McGLYNN & MENTON,
Real. Estate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
• 22, Chronicle building.
FIRST-CLASS finishers ' on . coats wanted.
N. WOOD & CO., .27 Geary st. .
BARBER wanted ; steady Job and good guar-
antee if suitable. 763 Mission St.
GIRLS about 16 yeara of age will find Plenty
of - good-paying , work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 22% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS. »
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia -st. ... - • ¦ .
MRS D. KOHL — Well-known ladies' special-
ist removed to 1008% Market St., opp. 5tH
st: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
A— DR O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist Ladles all who are sink or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female -complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
capes taken: the moat difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1013 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladles*
specialist; instant relief guaranteed: home In
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008^ Market st, opposite 5th st,
MKDICAL.
JBCSINES^^HA^ES— Contlnn^d^,
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third sf
Cash customers waiting: established 180S.
A — K. KENNY. 75 Third st. has the following
safe-paying business Investments: ¦ •
$400— Partner wanted in a handsomely
fitted-up oyster and chop house on Market
6t: fine business; no previous experience re-
quired; must be a steady man.
$1000— Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade of 6 cattle per week; fine location: best
reasons for selllnc.
$1000 — Coal wood, hay and grain business;
best stand in the city: has a fine trade; J2
stalls let to steady men. ¦
$475 — Fine candy store; choice location. No.
1 theater and general trade^ clears $100 per
month; owner sick in hospital. , ,¦ ¦ „
$300— Saloon; well located;- on Third st: 2
living rooms; good business; low rent. .
$300— Corner cigar store; prominent - busi-
ness street; sure to clear over $75 per month:
low rent; fine paying laundry agency con-
C $25*— Branch bakery and dairy produce
store; any lady can run it; choice corner, lo-
cation; clears $fi0 month; nice living rooms.
$800— Partner wanted to attend to the tak-
ing of cash in a fine business on best busi-
ness street; doing a large trade; owner win
guarantee over $100 per month clear ta-each
and Increasing; too much for one to attend
to; full value given and a good man to^be
connected with; no previous experience re-
qulred. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
FOR SALE — Branch bakery, notions, candy and
Echool supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established many years; change of business
cause of sale; no agents. Box 4020. Call.
ON account of death — For sale or exchange, a
locksmith and electrical shop for outside
property: business established 9 years. 900
Pacific st, bet. Powell. and- Mason.
$3150 FOR SALE; well-established plumbing
business; building and. good stock all go;
roust sell because sickness. Box 4925. Call.
BARGAIN— A good bicycle, some furniture,
bedding and gas stove with fixtures. 874
Howard st - '
BAKERY for sale, in good country town; old-
established : business; reason for selling,
' owner has other Interests. Box 1634. Call.
|9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4818, Call.
GOOD paying fruit - and vegetable stand for
sale: well stocked. 1281 Mission st
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4930,
Call. i __'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at iosk>
Valencia st ' *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
Halrdresslng, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.;' 2 wks.,$5. College, 123(J
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
GOOD experienced ' Chinese ; cook ..wishes posi-
tion in hotel - or •-.. boarding-house. -. Address
YEE LING, 20 Prospect place.: : :
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not nece3-
: sary. ¦ LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
. st. MR. DAVIS. .
FIRST-CLAS8 carpenter wishes situation In
hotel,- Institution-, or -ranch; no tools. Box
4932. Call office.
1 _,OST AXD FQUXD^-Cont lnlied ' ..
CAPTi H. H LUDLOW. Fort Baker. Sau-
salito, Cal. ¦ - ' -
, LOST— Last week, envelope containing^rpOT"
ation papers. Address J. K-. P. O. box 54*..
San Jose. Cal. ; ;
POINT RICHMOND— All information mailed
free. Richmond Land Company. 1S2 Crocker
building. .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs oU
gold and silver to make n«~- watch ca?e«.
~~~ MATK1MOX1AL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1SS7: reliably «ml
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 703 ETH.
MATTRESSCS__AjW j J^nXO^S«___
TO order- al3o cleaned~and sterilized; uphol-
stery* Al carpet cleaning; honest work gu a »-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
«t. ; tel. Bush 421. ' "
Erass. iron beds: mattresses: pillows \r wlndo-"
.ph.an>s. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main >¦»".
TAILORESS. vestmaker. ' for | country! steady
Job. J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., . 7 Mont-
gomery St ; ' '"¦¦-"" ' ¦•"- - :
YOUNG man " with successful experience run-
ning country, newspaper wishes position; good
i references. Box 1472. Call' of flee. '. \ . •
COUPLE want ¦ ranch positions; ' husband hon-
est, capable, sober, -Intelligent; performs
light ' general work: and superintends; wife
splendid; housekeeper and manager; Eastern
- experience., -i Box . 4873, Call office.
YOUNG educated man would like an engage-
ment 1 during, his spare time, between 2-5 p.
m. Box 4941,- Call office. ' ;
WANTED^-Glrl or . young woman to do Hsht
housework In Alameda; 5- room cottage; 2. In
family; good home for right person; wages
$10 per month. 2045 San Antonio ave., Ala-
; meda. ; ¦ . "' • '
WANTED— 5 girls to learn halrdressing, manl-
• curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs' only $3 50:13 posi-
tions waiting ;private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College, . 233 Geary Bt., rooms 13-15. „- ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS i sewers ' on i ladles' .waists, etc. ;
take work home. H. FREIDLANDER. - 338
Fell st. :—,-¦. ,-:;.
Al HOTELMAN, • middle-aged, good appear-
ance, years' of experience, .wants position as
; head waiter or steward in or out of city;, ho-
tel or club. Box . 1B40, Call office. ¦ ' ¦ } i -
. HELP WASTED MAL jJi_35l <> *- - -
AT C.-R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....429 Bush st.
.;... ........Wanted fpr Nevada.. .....-•"
2000 teamsters, labortVs ?- to ?* j»
3 blacksmiths. . • - • • •'• • • • • • • •**
Ship Morning and Night. ... ; -
50 tunnelmen. Chats worth: Park.. ?2 ! to $2 oO
- Free .fare........ Free fare........ Free fare
¦ 20 laborers, concrete work, country, $2 a
day; 20 laborers for quarry. $2 a day; 10
§ laborers, near city. $2 a day, free fare; 6 car-
penters, country. $3 a day; bottler for car-
bonated waters; 10 lumber pliers. £15 and
board, see boss here; farmers, milkers, chore-
men and others. • ¦¦-_,_,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT - ; .
Head waiter who speaks languages ?.o
Eastern head waiter, country hotel....... *t>u
- Bread baker, country, $50; 10 cooks, city anu
country. $40 to $70; butler, good references,
$50; valet, good references, $40; dishwashers,
• kitchen hands and others.
. ...Male entrance. 12 Berryst .........
C. R. HANSEN & CO—-- 429 Bush st :
JAPANESE cook. $40: 2 Japanese cleaners.
$20. for country hotel. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 429 Bush st.
FOR sale-^Barbers; 3-chalr sl.op; 3 rooms; cen-
tral;-low rent; paying $30 per week; price
$150. Box 1451, Call office.
BARBER shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
month, with nice :*>-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250.' 1035 Guerrero st.
BARBER to-night and Sunday. 708 McAllis-
ter st . ;
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open, until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9;30 p. m.
S15 Larkln Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission 6treet; open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. xn.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MC-RIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M. — Officers and members are re-
*P«"Ctfuny requested to assemble at 1C3C
the Temple, SUNDAY. April 20, 1902. / ~r
at 2 o'clock p. — i.. for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral obsequies of our late
brother P. M-. DAN JOSEPH EDGAR. By
order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secy.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS {SATURDAY) -_J^-
EVENING, at 7 :3>» o'clock. First de- jZJX
grec. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. / ~r '
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M. — •
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. Second
degree. Sojourning brethren are In- / ~r »
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
THE 39th annual picnic of the St » O" >,
Andrew's Society of San Francisco 5S U^J
will take place at Fairfax Park on < «_nX_*
SATURDAY. May 3, 1902; games ~o£2~»
dancing; a good time is assured.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President
GRANDEST excursion of the season >_^
will take place at Fernbrook Park, RL3»£_§
Niles Canycn, en SUNDAY, May 4, «t!^S
under the auspices cf lhe Austrian pg^b
Military and Benevolent Association.
A tombola of 100 cash prizes will be drawn.
A good time is assured. THE COMMITTEE.
ENGROSSING,
R«jolutions, etc.. in first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald'g But. College. 24 Post Bt
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES case; future predicted; readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
suges. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
IC pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some ewell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkln st. and 305 Market st
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet.8th&9th.
B OOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1500; SALOON, few doors from Market
et; first-class paying; established years;
rent $45: elegant fixtures; large stock. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearay St.
A — I HAVE few of the best paying saloons for
sale; price from $4000 to $5000; choicest loca-
tion in this city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26VS
Kecniy et
A — $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
roale depot clearing $400 per month; rent
$130; no better investment in any kind ol
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A — $650; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing mills - and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery ir
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stoci
iu voices about $3500; price $4000; rent $20
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy st
A -$800; BUTCHER shop; established year*
doing a first-class business; located in Oak-
land; rent $35, including 7 rooms, 2 horses,
1 wagon. 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st
A— $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55, including 6 pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny et
A— $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can
dy and variety store, with telephone office
in booming town across the bay; place clear:
above $250 during 8 months in year; inyesti
gate at once. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A A. ETENBERG
759 Market Et -Tel. Black 549
Money Advanced on Any Business....
...If You Want Invest In a Good Business..
Or Sell Your Merchandse
Why Don't You See STENBERG7.il!
Restaurant
Among Shops, Factories
Receipts About $40
Must Be Sold
A. STENBERG. 759 Market st
$1800 — COFFEE saloon in heart of the city;
Idown town; magnificently fitted throughout;
well established place; everything first-class,
enormous transient business; low rent; re-
ceipts Justify $3000 investment; old age the
only cause of sale; best chance In this city.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery St. room 4.
$900 — CORNER grocery and bar. In Western
Addition ; 6 rooms and bath; present owner
there 8 years. M. LESS, 131 Montgy, rm. 4.
OUR dividend for the week ending April 12 was
$5 68 on each $100 Invested. Our dividends
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. Earns more in
one week than in year in savings bank.
Principal can be withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal. A
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds.
We Invite investigation. Call or write for
interesting literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATTVE AESN:.
Suite 615, Emma Spreckels bidg.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB.
S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale, ex-
change. Call or write for our free list.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market gt.. room 208.
$300 — PARTNER wanted In light business;
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with
$18 to $25 a week; no experience required; no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary et, room 4. S ¦: -
A— 30 CIGAR etands; prices $75 to $2000:
rents $6 to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
dally. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
$200 — COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
man and wife to make money; don't miss It
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st
A GOOD Investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is Increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; *at-
Isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
$3000— HARDWARE store paying well; lo-
cated in growing, prosperous town: sales
average $13,000 per annum; profits net 33 1-3
per cent: expenses light; invoice if desired;
must cell; make offer; no agents. 4922, Call.
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
town 10,000 Inhabitant* with monthly pay
toll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc,
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Aodrecs Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. CaL
PHYSICIAN, regular. 20 years' experience,
would like partnership or employment with
advertising parties or specialist: registered.
Box 4957. Call orfice.
RELIABLE man with $250 will find rare op-
portunity for rapid money making In esteb-
Itrhcd. legitimate business; open to fullest
' investigation. 765 Market et., room 3.
$3500— "THE PLEAEANTON": 28 rooms; high
grade; central; modern; all rented; cheap
rent: big- profits. Box 10. Salt Lake.
$800 — fiALOON; rare chance: heart of city;
north Market: established years; good stock;
money-maker; $25, $30 day. 783% Market.
A— $575; DELICACY store: receipts $16 day;
Prent $18; bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
'ANTED— A partner with $300 to Join me in
the real estate business. Box 4355, Call.
A BARGAIN: livery and boarding stable; good
location; 20 good horses. Box 4948. Call.
FEMALE— -Con^.
REFINED intelligent woman 20 to 30 rears of
; age to assist with duties for training school
' for little girls; outside work: one with knowl-
edge .of music and plain sev/ing; hours. 9:30
to 5. - two evenings weekly; salary ' $40
monthly. : Box: 4950, Call : office. '¦ '
POSITION; wanted by/German in:a liquor or
wholesale house or. drive delivery wagon;; was
' In' the, liquor, business -for himself the last -9
years and acquainted' In the city. : Box 4943,
. Call office. ,". rV-';:." - ¦ "• :'¦:¦'"'¦¦- '• r'-Y.-V
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FINANCIAL.Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
r . FRIDAY. ApririS— 4 p m
: Bld.Aak.l " Bid Anlc
Alpha ... 02- 03 Justice...... 06 oi
Alta ......... O3 05 Kentuck ..... m
Andes ... 04 . 05 1 Lady . Wash . . — 04
Belcher ;.'.... 08 09 Mexican 43 47
Best & Belch. 24 25 (Occidental ...10 12
Bullion .. 02 03 Ophlr 1 20 1 25
Caledonia..".. 43 4o Overman ;.... 19 21
Challenge Con > 14 ltt Potosi ....... 24 25
Chollar ......: 13 14 Savage 12-13
Confidence.'.. 60 65 Scorpion .-¦ 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 S3 Seg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 22 13
Con New Yk. — 02 Silver Hill... 48 50
Crown Point. ; 07 . 08 St Louis ..;..- 06
Eureka Con:. IS . — Syndicate...*. 07 —
Exchequer '. C ." -.'¦ — 01 Union. Con., i 23 24
Gould & Cur.' 07. 08 Utah ........*. 03 05
Hale & Norc. 20 22 Yellow Jacket 11, ~J2
Julia; — 04
Ernst R.. Hermann O. and Carl W. Jentxsch.
Maria T. Whltson (Jentzsch) (wife of Edward)
to Franz L. Jentzsch, lot on NE of Morris
(Park avenue) street, 125 SB of Bryant. SB
21:6 by NE 75; $10.
Charles N. Johnson to T. B. Draper, lot on
W line of First avenue. 175 S of Point Lobos
avenue, S 50 by W 120: $10. /
Melissa A. Potter to J. Sheldon Potter, lot an
E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 125 N of B
street, N 210 by E 100; gift.
Beta. Meier to Bertha llensres, lot on W line*
of Orizaba street. 125 N of Randolph, N 25 by
W 100, lot 47, block 54, City Land Association ;
$10.
Same to Matilda Milken, lot on W line of
Orizaba, street. 225 N of Randolph, N 25 by W
100 lot 43, block 54. same; $10.
George D. H. Reck to George W. Reck, lot
1484, Gift Map 3; $1.
Henry and Loisa Schwartlng to Adolf Kautz
ky, lot on NE line of Twenty-first avenue. 17-5
NW of K street, NW 12:8 by E 100. block 403.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association: $10.
Robert Dalziel (owner) wlth.F. D. Fischer
(D. Etaub & Son) (contractor), architect Wal
ter J. Mathews — Carpenter work. Interior fin
ish." stairs, hardware, galvanized iron cornic»
and skylights and anchors for a six-story brick
building on N line of Mission street. 108 W oC
First, W 48, NE 90:6. SE 48, SW 99:6; $6855.
Same owner . with Thomas Butler (contrac
tor), architect same — Brick work for same on
same; $7450.
Henry Mangels (owner) with William Horst
meyer &.C0. (contractors), architects, • H. Geil
fuss & Son — Excavation, brick, concrete, mar
ble, mosaic.- carpenter, mill and stair work,
plastering, glazing, roofing, tinning, galvan
ized Iron and hardware for a three-story frame
building with basement (flats) on N line of
Paso street. 131:7 W of Clayton, W 50 by N
137:6: $13,460.
' Same owner with Henry Hufachmidt (con
tractor).- architect same — Plumbing, gas fitting
an1 sewerage for same on same; $2044.
B. L. Spence (owner) with W. F. Lloyd (con
tractor), architect Thomas "IK Newiom — AH'
work for two two-story framn -TlMlngs (flats)
on W line of Broderlck street, J) If Of Filbert.
N 50 by W 108:2. W. A- 551; $9000. -' /
Lawrence Fasd to Charles J. Lercari, lot W
line of Gaven place, 87:6 S of Greenwich, S 29
by W 47:6; $425.
Louis Fascl to same, same; $425.
Mary E. and James A. McMahon to Helen
Locke (wife of William J.).' lot on W Una of
Church street, 55 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by
W 100: $10.
Eliza Robinson (widow) to Marie G., Mar
garet and Joseph Nealon, lot on S line of Twen
ty-third street, 175 E of Guerrero. E 25 by.S
114; Klft.
Federal Security Company (corporation) to
Elizabeth O'Donnell. lot on W line of Califor
nia avenue. 300 S of Fair avenue. W 150 by 3
80. P. V.. lot 363: also lot on W line of Hamp
shire street. 140 S of Twenty-fifth, S SO by W
100: also lot on W line of Hampshire street, 115
S of Twenty-flfth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Thomas W. Madden to Catherine Madden, lot
on E line of Harrison street. 182 g of Twen
tieth. S 52 by E 100; $10.
Matilda K. Wendell (minor) fby Emma G.
Wendell, guardian) to same, undivided one
sixth of same; $10.
Emma G.. Susan S., Thomas and Matilda K.
Wendell to Mary A. McNeill (wife of D. R.>.
lot on NW line of Market street. 140 S of Fif
teenth. SW 50 by NW 115; $10.
L. Maria Baker (widow) to Carrie M. Cole,
lot on W line of Gough street, 85 N of Pine, N"
25 by W 110: gift.
F. C. Boydner and Sarah Kahn vs. Frank
Pauson (by Samuel B. Pauson, referee) to
Frank Pauson lot on S line of McAllister
street. 156:3 W of Lyon, W 25 by 3 137:6; $10.
Frank and Ida Pauson- to George W. Hoeper.
same: $10.
Emma G. Palmer to F. F. Connolly, lot on 3
line of Bird avenue, 8:1% E of Dearborn place,
E 31:8, 8 80, W 21:6, N 80:4; $10.
John and Annie S. Fowler to Edgar "W\
Briggrs. lot on W line of Dolores street, 7tJ:6 S
of Liberty. S 50 by W 105; $10.
Estate of Anna Cohn (by Adolph Unger and
Hugo Rothschild, executors) to O. F. Von
Rheln. lot on S line of Jackson street, 124:3 E
of Franklin. E 50 by S 127:8%; $23,650.
Bertha Furstenbuerg (widow) to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda Von Rheln to Paolo do
Vecchi. same; $10.
FRIDAY, APRIL 17.
BEAI. ESTATE _ TRANSACTIONS.
Colombia Minstrels Entertain.
Every seat in the Odd Fellows' Hall was
taken last night at an entertainment
given by the Columbia Minstrel Com
pany. An exceedingly good programme
of songs and specialties was presented.
The entertainment was given under -the
direction of W. ,W. Brackett. A musical
skit, dubbed "Soakadora," was rendered
by members of the company.
"¦ 4V ' FRIDAY, April' 18^-2 "p. m.
¦... UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid Ask
4s qr coup.. 11114112 4s qr c (new)139«4139«4
4s qr reg...lll%112 3sqr coup. .109&110
* V MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 01 — Oc SS Co 5s. 97^100
Bay CPC 5s.lO7%108% Ombus ..... _^™
Cal-st 5s. . . .118 ¦ — Pac G Im 4s. 96%100£
C Costa 5s. ;110% — Pk & C H 6s.lO7 — 1
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk & O R 68.117 120 '
Fer&C H Cs. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — - —
Geary-st 5s.. — Sac EGR 5s. — 102%
H C&S 5&s. — — SF & SJV5s.l20}4121 ?
Do 5s 96%. — ... Sierra Cal 6s.. — 115U
L AngR 5 3 .118V6119!4 S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 (1909) ... 113%
. Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) .. ..U4« —
Do gtd 5s.l02^104& S P of C 6s
L^A & P 5s.lO2tf — (1005)Sr A.106^ —
Do lem r.s.10254 , (1005)Sr B.107^; —
Mkt-st C 6s.— 130 (1906). 109 110
Do lem 5s. 121 121 Vi (1912) ....119%121
N R of C.Cs.112% — S P of C 1st
Do 5s ....12O%121^4 c gntd5s..l20 ' —
N Pac C 6S.109& -^ Do stmpd.lllU —
N R Cal 5s. 114% — ;• SP Br CalCs.139 —
9^t S as l*\T 114 S V Wat 6sl11 H1H
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm. — 104
Do 1st c5s. — 115'/i Do 4s 3dm. — 102
Oak W G 5s.lO3 — Stkn G&E6S.102 104
¦ ' .- WATER STOCKS. • ,
Contra Costa 77 , 78^ I Port : Costa.. 63 VS. 66
Marin Co ... 60 — I Spring Val.. 02 % 92 «i
. . GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light ..45 —
Eqt G L Co. ZYt. 3Vi Sac E G&R. — 35
Mutual . — - 4% S F G & E. 43% 44
O G L & H. 59 COVi S F G L Co. 6# 6
Pac G Imp.. 36% 37% 6tktn G & B. 8 —
: . INSURANCE.
'Irem's Fnd.265 — ' S '• •
banks;
kmer B & T.102&112V4 First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal . . — . 91 L. P & A. 1 .. .167
California ;.425 426 Mer Ex (liq) 18% _
Cal Safe Dp. 119 « - gp Nationl. 140 _
, . SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..'.2000 — Sav & Loan. — 95
Humboldt .. — ' — Security J3av.330 375
Mutual Sav.. 80 — Union Trst.1825
S F Sav U..520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..167% — IMarket ..:..100 —
Geary ......— 60 I Presidio ,35 _
1 •..¦'•¦ POWDER.
Giant ... 79% — (Vigrorlt ..... 3 '—•>.
SUGAR.
Hana ..^.. .. 3% 4 Kllauea ..... — 9U
Hawaiian ..33 — Makawell ... 23J4 23>;
Honokaa ... 12 — • Onomea .... 25
Hutchinson . 12% 1294 Paauhau ... 11 12
', . . MISCELLANEOUS. -
Alaska Pack.l61V4163%'Pac A F A 2%
Cal Fruit As. 103 104%|Pao C Borx.165
Cal Wine As. 100% 10144 Par Faint .. 19
Oceanic SCo 29% 35 I ¦;-;;«'¦ -.
[ . , Morning Session.
60 Bank of California. 423 00
8 Bank of California ..425 25.
100 Central Light and Power • 2 75
110 Hutchinson S P Co: ... vi ... ....". 12 00
25 Paauhau ... . .'. n gg
.115 Pacific Gas Imp. '.....-37 00
10 S F Gas and Electric. Co. ........ 43 25
' \ 10 S F'Gas and Electric Co:...-.... 43 50
. 5 S-.F Gas and Electric 'Co... . ../. 43 87%
25 S F Gas and Electric Co. ...... -. 44 00
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s........ 115 35
J19.000 Spring Valley 6s.. .....;111 00
- Afternoon . Session.
•' • Board— ¦- > . ;-. . •¦
5 Cal Wine Assn :'..' .;..... 101 00
- 40 Giant Powder Con ; 79 50 '
10 Giant Powder Con ........: 79 3714
. 60 Giant' Powder Con, s 30. ...... ..79 25
30 Makawell '. >»... 23 75
10 Oceanic S'S Co...;, "...1...30 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp.. .........v..... 37 00
$1000 Hawaiian C and S Co 5s........ 98 50
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s... ......... .J15 12%
- . - Street — . -' . '.—:¦ ¦ ¦'-
$17,000 S P, of Arlsona, (1910) . : 114 87%
' PRODUCKRS'; OIL~EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Cala-Standard - 20
..600 Cala-Standord, blO..". ,20
- : 1 : Hanford :'. .V. ..¦....'..;... 85 00
i;Hanford ......."..". S600
1 Hanford .¦..".....¦...-.,..."...¦...... 87 00
' 50 Occidental of W.^Va. ............. 20
2000 Petroleum ¦ Center ...:.....'...... 15'
2000 Petroleum Center, s 00..... 14
1 238 Petroleum s Center.7rr;.V".n.V...... 14 '
200 Sovereign .¦...:..;.:.:............ 32
.300 Sterling, cash.. 1 eo .
,100 Sterling. ....... .V l 62%
100 Sterling, . b 30. 1 65
1000 sterling, •.cash|T'."»*rrrrrrrr.v...... 1 62%
- 900 Sterling, b, 10.. % 65
200 Sterling, s 30. .... .....;.:.. 1 C2%
?200 Sterling, «00. .....:.:.. ;i go
-. Afternoon Session."
Board — .¦
¦ 200 Cala-Standard ' .... V. '...'...'.:.: '.V. 19
NOO Cala-Standard, b 10. . . 20 •".
2000 Petroleum Center .'...;•. - 15 - ; ,
1000 Piedmont, s:80. ..'...'..;. V.'.'...'... ¦ 09.
1000 , Sovereign •.........*..'..' 33
10 Sterling ;...;....;. ¦.;.*.. 1 60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Linemen's Union, Local No. 151, I.
B. E. W., will give its first ball In Odd
Fellows' Hall { this evening. In addition
to a well-arranged programme of dances
there will be an electric display,, the com
mittee in charge declares, that will sur
pass anything of that character ever be
fore seen in this city. The committee ia:
M. J. Sullivan, Fred F. Dunne, James C.
Kelly, J. J- Guenther, M. J. Brydges, J.
D. Loudermilk and George Cooney.
linemen Will Dance.
NEW YORK, April 18.— The following
Californians have arrived:
San Francisco— N. Alcock, at the Grand
Union; A. D. Gardemeyer, at the Bar
tholdi; H. M. Holbrook, at the Manhat
tan; C. H. Kausteiner, at the Bartholdi;
C. H. McAuliffe and wife, at the Gilsey;
J. F. Merrill, at the Manhattan; Miss Nel
son, N. C. Nelson, A. E. Newson, at th,e
Bartholdi; Mrs. C. M. Praft, at the Conti
nental.
Sacramento— A. C. "WlHcing, at the Ven
dome.
Mrs. G. D. Turner, at the Grand Union.
Los Angeles— F. Lacey, at the Imperial;
Oakland— J. D. Myers and wife, at tha
Vendome.
Californians in New York.
300 Belcher ...... 00 200 Mexican . 4«
200 Caledonia ... 44 650 Ophlr . **i 5s
100 Caledonia .:.. 43 200 Sierra Ne'v" "^
800 Con Cal & V.I 30 600 Silver Hill"" is
500 Gould & Cur. ¦ 07! . . •«»••••*»
Afternoon Session
200 Best «: Belch. 25 600 Mexican ..." 49
BOO Best & Belch. 24 800 Mexican .. * 47
60 Caledonia ..;. 42 600 Ophir ... "1 An
200 Con C &V.1 37ft 200 Ophlr ...."^a 35
1250 Con Cal & V.I M 400 Ophlr" ....... J 30
200 Con C & V.I 32W 200 Overman i»
600 Crown Point. 08 200 Sierra, N ev " 24
: 300- Gould ¦ & ¦ Cur. 07 200 Union Con *»4
1000 Mexican ..... 5CJ 700 Yellow Jacket 11
Morning Session,
The following were the. sales in the Pacific
Stock E/tehang« yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. .13 COO Justice ... n<J
1)00 Chollar 13 300 Mexican . 4«
600 Con Cal & V.I 30 100 Ophlr *"l 30
100 Crown Point.. ¦; 08 600 Ophir .... 1 25
100 Gould & Cur. 07 700 Union Con..! 23
Morning Session.
4700 Best & Belch. 25 800 Mexican 4ft
200 Caledonia 41 100 Ophir .... LTl ,35
600 Con Cal & V.I 35 300 Sierra Nev^k 24
100 Justice ...... 07 , 100 Union Con. .* 24
The. following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ,' ¦ \ r - ¦ , '¦»'.¦•-.-'-
MINING STOCKS.
R. Hotallngf entertained a few friends
at his country home near San Rafael last
Saturday and Sunday. ' .
Miss Helen Merrill is enjoying a trip
East.' ¦-'-^ ; '.' v ¦ . i -
Mr. and Mrs. James Bishop left Thurs
day for a stay of several months in the
southern part of the Statev
• • ;* •
Addison Mizner is paying a visit to his
sister, Mrs. Horace B. Chase, at Stags
Leap.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kimmell have re
moved to 1256 California street.
Mrs. John Henry Lund Jr. (nee Lally)
held her first post-nuptial receptidn yes
terday afternoon at her residence. The"
decorations were pretty and artistic and
many callers were charmingly enter
tained, Those who assisted in receiving
were: Miss Kate Green, Miss Georgie
Lacy, • Miss Muriel Russell, Miss Char
lotte Lally, Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent,
Miss Laws of Oakland, Mrs. Irving. Lund
borg, Mrs. Starr Keeler and Miss Ruby
Johnson of San Jose.
The De Koven Cotillon Society gave a
cotillon last evening at Golden Gate Hall
and fully 350 guests were present. The
decorations were elaborate and tasty. The
hall was done In roses, pinks and foliage,
with purple and lavender bunting. Red
roses predominated in the dining-room,
and the gold letters of the society were
placed upon the walls. Music was a fea
ture of the evening. "The grand march
was led by E. Gensler and Celia Oppen
helm and Carl Craner and Miss Lesner.
Many prefi. gowns were in evidence. The
dancing * continued until midnight, after
which supper was served.
Ruth Merrill, president; - Carol Moore first
vice president; Merrltt Reid, second vice pres
ident: Helen Ashton, recording secretary;
Maude Payne, corresponding' secretary: Kath
leen Bull, treasurer; Mrs. John F. Merrill, hon
orary president. Members — Helen Ashton, Bes
sie Ashton, Ruth Merrill, Carol Moore, Joseph
ine Hannigan, Kathleen Bull, Merritt Reid, Na
dlnt- Belden, Bernice Wilson, Maude Payne,
Lcuise Stone. Eleanor Jones, Belle Mackenzie,
Marjorie Paterson, Helene Irwin. Janet Cole
man Jeanette Wright, Marion Wright. Edna
Davis. Anita Davis.
.The last numbers on the programme,
"studio portraits," showed: the different
girls in gold frames arranged in a row.
The effects produced by the beauty and
grace of the participants were pleasing.
¦ During the dancing which followed
Marguerites presided over the flower and
candy booths with gratifying success.
Dancing continued until midnight." : The
active Marguerites are:
Bessie Ashton, "A Marguerite"; Helen Ash
ton, "Milkmaid"; Josephine Hannlgan. "Car
men" ; Kathleen Bull. "Elsa"; Merritt Reid,
"Janice Meredith"; Bernice Wilson, "Turkish
Dancing 1 Girl"; Louise Stone, "Juliette";
Maude Payne, "A Dresden Shepherdess": Isa
bel Mackenzie, "Good Night"; Edna Davis,
"Barbara Frietchle"; Ruth Merrill, "Lady
Babbie as the Gypsy."
The Marguerite Auxiliary of the Chil
dren's Hospital made a pronounced suc
cess, both socially and financially, of its
benefit last evening at Century Hall. The
young Marguerites worked diligently to
make the affair enjoyable, and were ably
directed by their honorary president, Mrs.
John F. Merrill. The entertainment con
sisted of character sketches by Mrs. J. K.
Toosley, studio effects by the girls, music
and dancing. The audience was most en
thusiastic and everybody had a pleasant
evening. The subjects - of the pictures
were as follows:
MARGUERITES
REAP HARVEST
FOR CHARITY
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Cassidy, Miss E. K.
Cassidy and Miss Florence Walker ofi
Pittsburg are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Macquards and
Miss Delia Macquards of Des Moines,
Iowa, are at the Palace. _..-
Colonel and Mrs. "W. A. Robinson oC
Pittsburg are on a brief visit to the city.
Mrs. Agnes Booth-Schoeffel of Boston ia
at the Palace.
Mrs. J. C. Fraser of Clayton is here oa
a short visit.
J. P. Lauritzen, a hotel man of Salinas,
is at the Grand.
W. S. Hoyt and wife of Fresno are visit
ing friends in the city.
F. Casademunt, a merchant of Barce
lona, is visiting the city.
Dr. T. J. Eaton of Los Angeles is at tha
Grand. - .
Walter Armstrong of Sebastopol la at
the Grand. . >- . > - ¦ : m-.' '•:,-'•'.
PERSONA!/.
Ganswindt. who was originally a lawyer
and then a farmer, had been experiment
ing for ten years with various visionary
inventions, none of which practically
realized his expectations.
The police had long suspected Gans
windt and detectives had been working on
the case for five months. He recently of
fered to the War Minister for 20,000,000
marks a flying machine which, he said,
would reach the planet Mars. The pris
oner also claimed to have invented a
motor paving multiplying power*, result
ing in a sort of perpetual motion.
Ganswindt recently flooded the papers
here with immense advertisements of fly-
Ing machines, containing the indorsements
of clergymen and other persons inexperi
enced in business, from all parts of Ger
many. It transpires that some of the
names were forged, including the name of?
Duke Ernst Guenther of Schleswlg-Hol
stein, Emperor William's brother-in-law.
BERLIN, April 18.— Hermann Gans
windt, whese so-called flying machine has
attracted wide attention, here and abroad,
was arrested to-day for deception, forgery
and gulling the public into subscribing for
shares of an aeroplane company. He had
obtained money In small sums from, hun
dreds of people.
The Philippine bill was laid aside and a
bill . was passed appropriating $25,000 to
establish a fish hatchery and fish station
in Utah. The Senate then passed flfty
flve private pension bills and, after a
brief executive session, at 4:53 p. m.'ad
journed.
Bawlins, a member of the Philippine
Committee, offered a substitute for cer
tain sections of the measure relating' to
the government of the islands, the**<Jpera
tions of the courts and extending to the
Philippines the land laws of the United
States. He also offered, on behalf of the
minority, a substitute for the entire meas
ure, granting, from the restoration of
peace in the archipelago, independence to
the Filipinos, and providing for the for
mation of a constitutional government in
the Philippines.
Carmack offered two amendments, one
providing that no person or corporation
should hold . persons in slavery in the
islands or should enploy persons held in
slavery, under penalty of a fine of not
less than $10,000; and the other declaring
that the United States regards with ex
treme disfavor the admission of the
Philippine Islands as a State of this
Union.
The reading of the measure was con
cluded at 5:50. p. m., aU of the committee
amendments being agreed to with the un
derstanding that all parts of the bill
should be subject to amendment.
WASHINGTON, April 18.-At to-day's
session of the Senate consideration was
begun of the bill temporarily to provide
a form of government for the Philippine
Islands. The measure was read and the
committee- amendments were agreed to
tentatively, but no action was taken.
Former Farmer Is Too Vision
ary to Satisfy the
Authorities!
Consideration of Measure to
Prdvide a Government
Begins.
German Inventor Ar
rested on a Charge
of Deception.
Senator Carmack Offers
Amendment to Phil-
ippine Bill.
AIRSHIP SCHEME
ALL IN THE AIR
WANTS SLAVERY
MADE UNLAWFUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj SATURDAY, APRIL, 19, 1902.
13
POLK, 1642 — Two sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; gas range. I
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Bay window par-
. lor with kitchen complete; other rooms $8 up.
STOCKTON. 1307 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms with stove. . • • ..'¦
BORN. .
BROWN— In • this city, April IS, 1902, to the
wife <if Dr. Philip King Brown, a son. . ¦¦¦.
CLARKON — In this city, March 18, 1902/ to
! . the wife of Thomas Olarkon, a daughter. £ j i
DOEING — In this city, April 17, 1902. to the
\ wife of Frank L. Doeing, a . son. . .
OLSEN— In this "city, April -13, 1002, to the
. wife of John Olsen, a daughter. ' • -.1
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at "either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the, name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the. same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth — 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor. 2 bedrooms, din-
ing-room and kitchen. $20; no children;- : ¦
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, nr. Dolores — 2 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
TWELFTH, 120-^Neatly- furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
TENTH, 149 — Newly furnished. 2 or 3 house-
. keeping rooms; bath; piano.
CONEY— EODWELL— In this city, April 16,
1W2, at the residence of E. P. Vining, by
the Rev. Dr.. Woods, Dr.. Elmer, J. Coney of
¦ Fresno and Blanche P. Bod well of San Fran-
. Cisco. /
HIRD — KELLY— In San Rafael, April 7, 1902,
by the Rev. Father Egan, . Benjamin F. .Hird
and . Irene A. Kelly, both of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
•within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'FarreU st; established 1S50.
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
rt.. San Francisco. Agent* Chase & Baker
piano players.
ATTENTION*. BARGAIN-HUNTERS
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up
Second-hand equare pianos from $50 up*
Peeond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ &
FON*. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerine. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
AS our new building and hall is ,/iot quite
completed *e are making a cut on all our
pianos. Some epecial bargains — 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine, $185; 2 Stelnways, $1C5; 3 Chlcker-
ir.ps, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
f 15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
RFSOrttnent of best makes to choose ¦ from.
FHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
cor Kearny and Sutter sts., E. F.; Broad -
*ay and Thirteenth Ets.. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
630 Market Street
Post bet. Octavia and Laguna— Lot 26x00;
old improvements.
«, P i e "r e and California— Double corner, 50x120,
r? . neat nXKlern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near rhh— Lot 25x100; fine view.
Jones, near Jackson — Large lot and 7-room
house; very cheap.
California st, near Walnut— Cars pass; two
" 0 " ses . 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage.
Geary st, opposite Hamilton square — House,
•i etories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
i» Eureka •*•• between 17th and 18th— Lot 60x
i-o, with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000.
Eureka st. between 17th and 18th— 3 flats. 7
t?/2« 8 room « an <i bath and 4 rooms and bath;
O'Farrell. between Polk and Van Ness— Lot
..« :Cxl20 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented.
.Arlington, between Natlck and Roanoke — Lot
43x51 to 6» feet; only $300.
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st, between Pierce and Scott—
Fine lot 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st ; easy terms If desired.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster— Lot
Blxl20, with six houses and flats: all rented.
Folsom. bet 3d and 4th— Large lot; old im-
provements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel or
factory. . ¦ '* <^>.
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots In Holladay Map A cheap.
Several cheap cottages near Castro st.; easy
terms if desired.
Sanchez, bet 14th and 15th— 25 or 50x100.
Cheap lots In Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot: near Mission road.
Arlington, near Natick— Large lot cheap.
BARGAIN coles may "come and go," but w*
"co on forever" Belling good pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full value
for what they pay for. We cell the cele-
brated Decker. Wissner. Baumelster and
Btodard pianos and warrant every one to be
lust what we represent Low prices for pay-
ments »nd a rood discount for all cash. THE
ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
A BRANCH office for Coll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st .
CLASSIFIED advertlsements v and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nndllnfnrn.
CSfALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A B
Cameron, walnut case, almost new $275
Bowers & Son. 23 5th et. Ivors & Pond agts"
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain- best
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st
§170 — GREAT sacrifice; almost new upright
6CHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st; next
Hibemia Bonk.
A— BRUNSWICK H«6se. 148 SlxtB"— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by. week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suits. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 50 night; ?2 to $7 week; elevator.
ALL choice neat aunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
CITY OF RICHMOND — Invest your savings In
tho new manufacturing town; lots from $180
— $25 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad,
Standard Oil Company, Southern Pacific Com-
pany — all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for Investment; send for free
maps and all Information. Richmond Land
Company (Inc.). 182 Crocker building. San
Francisco. Cal.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
county of San Francisco belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March"
21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28,
at.2 o'clock p. m., in Department 9; any per-
son may appear in court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder. If
the price is satisfactory to the court, will
secure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and.- '•Financial" columns of
thla paper. For all Information, apply to
" McGLYNN & MEXTON,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22.
Chronicle building.
EDDY, 832— Newly furnished front and back-
parlors, $10; private house; other rooms $8.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old. No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.,. suites, single; also-unfurnished.
JOSEPH ETRAUB,
S50 Market st. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177,
Real Estate Agent
"- • Property Bought and Sold.
Rent* Collected.
CHEAP, new cottage 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; large lot; high finished base-
ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car line. See
oirner on premises, Chenery and Fairmount
tts. ; small amount cash, balance like rent.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first -
class family hotel. Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery St., room 14.
$1350 — A SNAP in a new modern cottage; bath.
Fink and closet; $350 cash, balance $14 per
month; no taxes or Interest; 30 minutes to
3d st WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market
GOUGH, 1613— Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms; gas; bath. - , ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 758 — Sunny front and
back room, $5; bath; 1 light housekeeping.
FOR Sale or Lease — House of 11 rooms, bath;
In University Mound. Tract; fine suburban
residence; terms reasonable. For further In-
formation appty Geo. I* Perham, 2779 Folsom.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; .day, week, mo.
NATOMA. 217, 2 blocks from Call— Neat fur-
nished front room; $1 50 per week.
MISSION, 1514. near Eleventh— Clean airy
room, suitable for 1 or 2; $1 50 per week.
NEW and nicely finished cottage, 6 large
rooms and bath; sunny, with all modern im-
provements. 658 San Jose ave.. between
£8th and 29th sts. ; San Mateo cars pass door.
MINNA, 541 — Room to let suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; call morning or evening. ¦
Florist CoV
K^ / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Pr/'pes Reasonable. %
107 POWELL ST.NCARELLiS £££5056
O'FARRELL, 914 — Handsome sunny alcove
room; also single room for gentleman; refer-
ences. ¦ .
PINE. 2708— Cozy front suite, cheerful and
quiet; modern: $10. \-
POLK, 1530 — Large front room, $10; with or
¦without light housekeeping; private.
Phone Grant 197.
311 SUTTER ST.
HOTHOUSE ROSES, FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER DOZ,
SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH.
SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
SHERMAN Ananment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnishad; also 3 unfurnished.
WANTED— May 1. by lady and daughter sun-
ny suite with board; central; permanent;
references; not over $50. Box 4051. Call. '
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
STABLES TO LET. '
STALLS to let. Apply at 847 Mission St., coal
_^TORAGE^_A1VD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH^toTogT^inT^Iovlng^Co"
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. "
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
elon st; tel. Howard 941. p. W. ZEHFUS8. ,
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st •
. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. \ ""
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 231.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEwlwTERS^We
sell better machlner for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctor? : estimate free. 200 Sansome.
TY^W^IT^^ANFAUMioGRAPHING^
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
e-ographlng. 927 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 15B4J
__ ¦ ' PROPOSALS, i-
Mt Olivet CemeterW
. NEAREST -THE \ CITY. '¦': ."? .'-•<-.
Office; 916 Market Street.
"" _¦•'.>: '-:\ Telephone Bush 367. '¦¦-¦:
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) : - :
: DANIEL P.- DONOVAN, Mkt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB
20 Fifth st... opposite Lincoln School. '
. Telephone South 80. ' ¦ ¦ .: '¦'.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK..514 Pine.
IN the Supreme Court of New South Wales—
In Divorce— Between FRANCES EMMA
AMELIA COHEN. Petitioner, and EDWARD
WILLIAM COHEN. Respondent To ED-
WARD WILLIAM COHEN, late of Newcas-
tle, in the State of New South Wales.' Take
notice that the eaid FRANCES EMMA AME-
LIA COHEN has commenced a suit against
you in this honorable court and is applying
for a dissolution of marriage on the ground
of desertion without just cause or excuse
for three years and upward. And take notice
that you are required to enter an appearance
to the said suit at tbe proper office of this
honorable court on or before the twenty-
fourth day of May next and in the event of
fycur not doing- so within the time . limited
or obtaining further time the petitioner will
proceed and tbe suit be heard and deter-
mined your absence notwithstanding. A copy
of the petition filed herein may be bad on
application to the undersigned free of charge.
HENRY ARCHDALL L.ANGLEY. Solicitor
for Petitioner. 105 Pitt street, Sydney. For
tbe Retrletrar JOHN GEORGE LSARY
VUSJ. Chief Clerk.
to 1 1 au t 01 i rooms ana Dam; nign Dase-
roent: easy payments. MURDOCK..514 Pine.
Mill Valley AdvertisemeDts.
MILL VALLEY. REAL, ESTATflJ.-
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and insurance.
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; im-
proved and unimproved property for. sale. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
0FFlCE--ni3 BHUADWAYr
OAKLAND FUR 5* T JB5 E _S?iL^ ALE>
"FURNITURE good and cheap this month.. H,
SCHELLHA/iS. 408 Eleventh st, Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — 300-ocre fruit and stock farm In
Sonoma County, $8000; bargains in houses
and lots ' in Berkeley; prices to suit; easy
terms. J. P. HALE. 1504 Shattuck axe.,
last station. Berkeley. . . ¦'
DR. C. C. O'DONNEIO. — Office and residence,
102H4 Market St. bet Sixth and Seventh.
DR. J. W. 6EELEY, 207 Powell St.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
PHYSICIANS AND Sl'RGEOXS.
ELEGANT cottage, fine large garden; must bo
sold account departure. See owner 1518 Ben-
ton. Alameda. or 603 California, r. 218. S.'F.'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or 'Canada one year for $1.
$2350 — NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 85x120;
terms $250 cash, balance $30 per month. - ; J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE salts, $7 SO; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing- Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1: rent $60 per
month. • J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c All druggists., _
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SI7UURBAK REAL ESTATE.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and. moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1(5 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
Electric St electric-light baths, massage, hot air
tre&tmeni for rheumatism,etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
Masquerade costumes at*H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept.,
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hayward bldg.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept., American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy et.. corner Mason.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; -superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J,
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 208.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are told call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,3320'Farrell; send for circular.
A SNAP — Finest country home in Ran Mateo
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds; ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; 14 mile from sta-
tion: 29 miles from city; 26 daily trains.
GEO: W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
POINT RICHMOND lots— $180 to $200; terms
$25 cash. $5 per month; vend lor maps.
Richmond Land Company, 182 Crocker bldg.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 - 4th.
ALL kinds bought.- sold, rented, ex., repairing-
loweBt rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.'
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312,Stockton gt. near Broadway.
FOR sale — 152, acres of farm and orchard land,
v 414 miles to railroad, with or without stock,
-**€.; no agents. 330% Sixth st, 9 to 12 a. m.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st
AT lees than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market et
INVEST your savings in Point Richmond lots;
j.rices sure to advance: $25 cash. $5 per
month; information mailed free. Richmond
Land Company, 182 Crocker building:, San
Francisco. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
£~ 7 ?L country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel 5580
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley. 1702 Market
GOO ACRES at a bargain: fine land; no adobe;
cak trees; very best of improvements; good
¦water rupply; adjoining railroad station; 12
trains each way daily; just the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE, Redwood City.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 520 Lake st., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
girls, from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1902: Hazel W
West, 6 yrs.; Daisy Rood. 11 yrs. ;, Elsie M
Moggrlde, 2 yrs. 6 mos.; Blanche M. Wilson
6 yrs.; Erol Goldstein, 10 yrs.; Hazel i! Wolfe
12 yrs.; Louisa B. Loeser, 9 yrs.; Hattie h"*
Neindeck. 10 yrs.; Juanita Tomlinson, 12
* yrs.: Evelyn Raymaud, 7 yrs.
BAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 60c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 min. Miss A.V.Doyle,1702 Mkt op. 10th.
WANTED — Unfurnished room by man: one
small floor with a family". Box 4964, Call.
pamphlets and information,
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— —
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
CotatI, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CotatI Co.. 302 California St., for
ROOMS WANTED.
FREE treatments facial massage, using FAN-
NY BRIGGS CARR (Los Angeles) face prep-
arations. LEDERER' S. 123 Stockton Et.
BAIR dyeing and bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically; hair dressing 25c;
shampooing 50c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
feme as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board. In private home.
VAN NESS, 91»— Sunny rooms: hot and cold
water; excellent board, $45 & $40, for couple.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to eee at Domestic
office. 1021 Market Et. near Sixth.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished gunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et, near Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tbe ferry.
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m., in
Department 9: any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
the highest bidder, if the price is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the estate for sale same
day. Bee "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to
. McGLTNN k. MEXTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
22. Chronicle building.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table ; popular rates.
? — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist 131 Post st.
MEREDITH. • 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN elegant line of remnants Xor suits to order,
115; with these suits we moke on extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PERSOXALS.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia «t . , - . .-¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
PARTNER wanted; Russ House barber shop;
$100. 175 South First st. San Jose.
A 10-acre full bearing prune orchard ' In
Santa Clara Valley. % mile from public,
grammar and high schools; improvements are
a modern 8-room cottage, with bath and toi-
let, stable^ carriage-house, tank and win4-i
mill, man's quarters, chicken-house and yard,
deep well, irrigating plant, steam pumps in
perfect order;' full line of orchard imple-
ments; will be sold on easy terms to sntt
purchaser. Inquire J. H. PERINE, 328
Montgomery st,' room 211, San Francisco.
A BARGAIN — TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
PAHTKERS WASTED.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 61»
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post ;tel. Black 5C1.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— THe Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
$5500 — MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rents
¦ $60. Apply 2623 Sutter st., near Lyon.
111!S. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 1 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8 month, $8 to $30, elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and .cold water; baths.
$5000 — Sacrifice; nice flats; Mission warm belt;
well rented. Owner, box 4956, Call office.
Mrs. E. Pearce, scientific business salmist, re-
move! to 104 Turk. r. 2S; 10 a.m. to 9 p. m.;
horoscopes cast by mail, SI : palmistry taught.
HOUSE and lot $950; 5 rooms. 107 Elsie st,
three blocks from Mission, oppposlte 29th.
PALMISTRY.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 1423.
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner:
transfer point: 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st. ; tel. Red 3521.
PAIVTERS AJfD' DECORATORS.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
ets.; 75x75. with Improvements: make ' an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
equare.
OIL tanks, Snd-hand. in good order; all sixes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-1S2 Beole 6t
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 p res. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
6TORE with larg* basement, below Kearny; al-
terations to suit tenant C36 Clay, room L .
CIGAR etore to let; fixtures for Bale.
Howard st.
XXJFT for rent, 40x65 feet for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water; $16 month.
Tilt LOANE, plamber. 439 Fifth St.
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month;
light, heat Janitor and telephone.
OFFICES AJfD STORES TO LET.
FILLMORE. 1720 — Large sunny bay-window
room, newly furnished: hot and cold water;
bath; gas; terms reasonable; private family.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
; ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
EIiLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms. 35c.
$150 night; $150. $6 week; open all night
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year Xor II.
poEtaev paid.
6UFERI0R violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BYRON MACZT. S08-310-312 Post ut; Bohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
ALMOST .new large size Steinway upright left
on sale: bargain. 235 Geary st
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
ficed account death in family. 1000 Von Ness.
A. LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WTTSON* 8 Storage, 1710 Market st
BNAP — 2 only, new. $450; high-grade uprights,
cropped from catalogue, $250, Bruenn,20S Post
[ET Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, '1200 Mis-
sion street, between Eighth and Ninth. . In-
terment Holy Cross - Cemetery. , ...-. .;... .
MIKKELSEN— In this city. ADril 18. 1902
Christian Mikkelsen, aged 25: years 3 months
and 7 days. A member of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 49, Danish Brotherhood. - .
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
CTFriends and acquaintances i are respect-
fully Invited t to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 12:30 o'clock, 1 . from his late residence/ 731
Pine street, thence to the French Church,
Bush street, where services will be held at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
MATHEWS — In this city, April 18, - 1902, Ber^
nard Mathews, beloved husband of - the late
. Annie Mathews, and father of Mrs. George
de Brie, t Mrs. A. H. Parnell of j Raymond,'
Madera County, Cal., and William Mathews
of San Francisco, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Peter's Church for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • • • , . • ..¦•¦. • ¦
MARCY— In this city, April IS/ 1902. Joseph
'. • M. ¦ Marcy, . beloved husband of Mary Marcy,
and uncle of Z.C. Marcy . of San ¦ Francisco
and J. G. Marcy of Sonoma City, a native
of France, aged 80 years 2 months and 1
day. ¦ ¦ •- ¦ ,- ¦ <• .. • ¦ ¦
. CHARLES TILDEN. C. of R.
P. C. W. 5L — The officers and members of the
Pacific Coast 'Waiters' Association ' are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
v'our lnte member, Peter Kernan, Sunday, at
1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street.' • :. ' , - -' ¦
MAHONEY— In this city, April 17, 1902, WIL
Ham, beloved husband of the late Julia Ma-
honey, beloved father of Michael J., William
P., Katie. T. and Margaret H. Mahoney and
Mrs. James A. Flynn, and »rrandfather of
- Cecelia A. and William J. Flynn, a native
of- Mount . Pleasant, Bandon, Cpunty. Cork,
Ireland, aged 58 years. " - .',-..¦",.. , ./
I. O. R. "M. — The officers and members of Wln-
nemucca Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M.. are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our late brothfr, Peter- Kernan, Sunday, at
1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street. WILLIAM DIAZ, Sachem.
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street. Funeral servicee under the auspices
of Winnemucca Tribe No. 61. I. O. R.-M,
Remains at the parlors of Porter & White,
122 Eddy street. Interment Mount- Olivet
Cemetery.'. '|. ,' - .\ ...
EXFuneral will be held underthe auspice*
of James. A. Garfield Post, G. A. R.,- from
Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell street, Sun-
day, April 20. at 1:30 'o'clock. - Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio. Remains a*,
tha Darlors of the California . Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
JORGENSEN — In this city, - April 18, 1902,
Emil Jorsensen, beloved father : of Mrs. C.
von Rosen and Victor. Martin and Carl
Jorgensen, and brother of Mrs. P. Daniel-
son and Mrs. C. Bohme, a native of Copen-
' hagen, Denmark, aged 56 years.
KERNAN— In this city, April 18. 1902, Peter
Kernan, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
36 years. A member of P. C. W. A. and
Wlnnemucca Tribe No; 61, I/O. R. M. (New
York papers please copy.)
¦ E7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
April 21. at 1:30 o'clock, -from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. . J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
vault, by carriage. --^ -¦*- -
IMES — In this city. April 16, 1902, Benjamin
. Imes, a member of James A. GarfieM Post
No. 34, Grand Army of the Republic, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 56 years.
£7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 20, at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
conic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of- Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ..."
FINNERTY — In this city, April - lg, 1902.
Thomas, beloved husband of Catherine Fin-
nerty, • and father of Charlotte, Ruby and
Thomas Finnerty. a native of Scranton, Pa.,
aged 49 years 3 monthiuand 17 days. '¦-- '21*
HILL— In this city, April 18." 1902. Mary Annie
Hill, beloved daughter of Henry Hill of
Trail, Or., and sister of Henry and Emma
Hill, a native of Trail, Or., aged' 27- years
3 mdntbs and 25 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ins parlors of G. Iaccherl, 629 Broadway,
between Dupont and Stockton streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.-, j
COPELAND— In t this city, April 18, 1902,
Jesse W. Copeland, beloved father of Violet
,and Edgar Coptland, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 41 years 1 month and ' 24 days.
(Eureka' papers please copy.) 4 \.
EDGAR — In this city. April 16, 1902, Daniel
J.. beloved husband of Emily C. Edgar, and
father of George B., Philip G. and Emily
C. Edgac, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
67 years and 27 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fufleral to-day
(Saturday), at -11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.,- 214 Eddy
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Fu-
neral private. ¦ ¦ . ¦•. '. ' -
CASEY— In this city, April 17, 1902, Mary,
beloved wife of John Casey, a native of San
Francisco, * aged 37 years. . .
CONKLEMAN— In this city, April 17, 1902,
Frank Conkleman, a native of New York,
aged 44. years. , .' .- ¦ . _¦¦ • . ¦.
' CC?"Funeral notice hereafter.' Remains "at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 . Montgomery
avenue.
BRENNAN — In Middletown. Lake County,
Cal., April 18, 1902. Rev. William Brennan,
a native of Toronto, Canada, aged 56 years
4. months and .22 days.
CAMPION — In this city, April 16, 1902. Min-
nie Campion, beloved wife of John Campion,
"and stepmother of Julia. Alice and 'Edward
Campion, a native of Illinois, aged 35 years.
Eyinterment at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BERG — In this city, April 17, 1902, Mrs.
Sophie Berg, mother of William Berg, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 69 years 10 months and
4 days. ¦ - . ¦ '
E7*Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at" Westminster Pres-
byterian Church, corner Page and Webster
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
AVERY — In this city, at St. Luke's Hospital.
April 15. 1902, Robert J., beloved husband
of Mary Avery, , and father of Mrs. 11. M.
Bear, Mr.-H. Avery and H. \V\ Avery, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 76 years. ¦ ¦
AUSTIN — In this city. April 18, 1902, Joseph
Austin, beloved husband of Mary Sesnon
'Austin, a native of Moniaive, • Dumfries-
shire, Scotland, aged CO years and 7 months.
Austin, -Joseph . Mathews, Bernard.
Avery, Robert J. Mikkelsen. Christian -
Berg, Mrs. Sophie ( Murphy, John
Brennan, Rev. Wm.'..- Nelson, Ruben E.
Campion, Minnie ' Pope, Hiram
Casey, Mary . . ' Salisbury, Paola J
Conkleman, Frank ' Shafe, Delbert M.
Copeland, Jesse W. . Smith, Celia A.
Edgar. Daniel J. Stuart. Virgil C.
Finnerty, Thomas Tierney, Philip
Hill, Mary A. Tora, T. -
Imes, Benjamin ' Van Valkenburgh, "
Jorgensen. Emil ' ! Frances . .
Kernan. Peter ' Wade-Mahaney,' Jen-
Mahoney. William nle J.
Marcy, Joseph M. ¦ Younr, Eliza
DIED.
McGinn bros:.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 'and 226 McAllister st. (For*
merlyiof 31 1 Edd^ st. - Tel, t South 252.) ~ ¦>
RhMOVED!
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
¦ Samuel McFadden. -18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; AI. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for> 10
years;P.F.. Green, late .with J. C. O'Con-
nor. & Co., have opened new Funeral (Par-
lors/ at 1171. Mission st, between Seventh
and' Eighth. Telephone South 44. - "
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA Berkeley-
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Mate-
rial Men : Notice Is hereby given to all con-
cerned that eealed proposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing
the materials necebsary to the erection of an
addition to the Bacon Art Gallery and Li-
brary Building on the grounds of the Uni-
, versity of California at Berkeley, Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals will be
received at room 1», ninth floor. Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April. . 1902. - And notice
is hereby further given that the plans and
specilicatlonSv of said building have beer
made and adopted and are placed in the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Recent*
room 10. South Hall. Berkeley. Cal where
the bame may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until- said 30th dav of
April, 1902. No bids, or proposals" wlir b*
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said Dro-
poser equal to ten (10) . per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties,, conditioned
that if said bid or proposal shall be ac
'cepted the party proposing will duly enter
into a proper contract to faithfully perform tha
duty and obligations in accordance with said
.proposal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a Dart
of such contract. The right to • reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. This notice
is given pursuant to an act entitled "An
act to amend an-act entitled 'An act to' cre-
ate and organize the University of Califor-
nia,' approved March 25.' 1868. and. an act
¦ amendatory of section 25 ythereof,-. approved
March 28, 1872, relating ; to the construction
of buildings," approved March 3, 1897. By
order of the Committee on ..Grounds anil
; Buildings of the Board of ! Regents. ¦-. t
. W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
E^Frlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 435 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TORA— In the City and County Hospital. April
18, 1902, T. Tora, a native of JaDan, aged
50 years. •
VAN VALKENBURGH— In Tucson, Ariz.,
April 17. 1902. Frances Van Valkenburgh.
beloved daughter of Edsrar Van Valkenburgh
and sister of Aloheus. Henry and Edgar
Van Valkenburgh, a native of Santa Bar-
bara. (Santa Barbara papers please copy.)
, (E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WAD.E-MAHANEY— In this city, April 16.
1902, Jennie J. Wade-Mahaney, dearly be-
loved wife of Harry J.. Mahaney, and |be'-
loved daughter of Emelia Pfaff, a native of
Wisconsin, aged -46 years 6 months and 23
days. ' ¦
YOUNG— In this city. April 17, 1902. Eliza,
beloved . wife of Charles F. Young, and
mother of Eliza Jane Lee and Caroline L.
1 Marchant of Alameda, a native of England,
aged 71 years 8 months and 5 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. April 20. 1902. at 9 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents, 214 Gates avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TIERNEY— In this city. April 18, 1902, Philip,
beloved husband of the late . Mary Tierney.
and father of John, Mollle, Philip and
Thomas • Tierney. Mrs. W. Dalton, Mrs. E.
Skelley and Mrs. W. Harkins, a nathre of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 06 years. .
GT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), et 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, ' 1719 Clay street. Interment
private.. • • -- • •
STUART— In this city, April 18, 1002, Virgil
"Clalr, beloved son of J. C. G. and Esteile
Stuart, and brother of Wendell A. and Sybil
Stuart, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 8 months and 27 days. : I
C?"Frlend3 , and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral services
Saturday, April 19, 1902, at 1 :30 o'clock, at
the mortuary chanel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flr3t. .-. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, . > ; ,
SMITH— In this city, Aprill7, 1902, Celia A.,
beloved wife of the late C. W. M. Smith, a
native of Northampton, Mass., aged 09 yeard
and l> months. , :
(U^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funera.1 «ervlce3
-to-morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock noon, at
the I.: O. O. F. Hall, Berkeley, under tha
auspices of Cherokee Tribe No. 101. I. O. R.
M., Peralta Camp No. , 123, W. O. W., and
Paul Revere Council No. 28. Jr. 0- U. A. M.
SHAFE— In this city, April 17. 1902, Delbert
M. Shafe, beloved son of Mrs. C. A. Spur-
, rier and J. M. Shafe, and brother of Mrs.
F. L. Shirran and Mantle Shafe. a native of
:, California. "' (Modesto, Cal.. papers please
copy.) • • . ,-.-.
'i-$~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 20, > at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
, dence, Halleck street. Emeryville. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. ;
SALISBURY--In , Oakland, April 17, 1902.
Paola J. E., dearly beloved husband of Ma;-
Mhllda Salisbury, a native of Talequah, I. T.,
ased 44 years. • " . ¦ .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from, the parlors
. of H. P. Petersan/ 228 McAllister street,
where funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of Golden Gate ¦ Lodge ¦ No. 49,
Danish Erotherhood. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ' . • - . ¦
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 18, 1902, John Murphy, a native of Ire-
. land. '. aged tiS : years.
NELSON— In Berkeley, April 16. 1002, -at 1453
Blackstone street, Ruben E.,- dearly beloved
son of R. and the late Hanna Nelson, a na-
tive of ¦ Haywards, Cal.; aged 7 years 3
months and 19 days. .... ¦. . . ¦
POPE— In Emeryville. Hiram Pope.- beloved
husband of Mary Pope, and father of George
Pope and Mrs. N. Earle, a native of Canada,
. ared ¦ 53 years. . . N • ' -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS for light housekeeping; furnish-
. ed sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna sts. ; i
The' following marriaKe licenses were ¦• Issued
yesterday: :' ' ¦ •: ¦ ¦•
Frank E. pidis, 27, 310 Ellis street, and
Nellie T. Lougan, 24, 2995 Folsom street.
Harold W. Wllcox, 23, Mendota, 111.. , arid
Flora C.McConneli, 20, Harlan, Iowa. Js.
""Rutherford B. Moore. 25, 2496 Market street,
and Genevieve G..' Galloway, 24. - 140U Powell st.
Rafael E. Martinez, 2S, 234 McAllister street,
and Rose A. Sparks, 20, -2844 Folsom street. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
LANGTON, 230%— Three furnished rooms fcr
housekeeping; private. •
HYDE. 408 — Sunny, front parlor suite, com-
. plete for housekeeping $20; another suite $15.
HOWARD, 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. hkpg. rms.; range, running water; $9.
MASON, 415 — 3 connecting rooms, complete,
STOCKTON, 1206— Nicely furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms; free zas and
stove; model house; $4, $6. $8 and $10.
SEVENTH, 28— Sunny furnished rooms, $12,
$10, $8, $9; also housekeeping rooms, $10.exhibition of first aid to the injured. The
• casualties were nearly as numerous as in
*¦ a Philippine ambuscade.
.Trunks, valises, - dress suit , cases and
traveling -sets ' ' at V our famous carload
prices, t All : kinds of leather goods In thi3
department lettered'ln gold letters ¦ free of
charge. Sanborn; Vail & Co., 741 Market.'
Trunks and Valises.
Favor Eew City Hospital:
\ne roiiowirc named have rent to the
Board r f Supervisors letters d Indorse- i
ment of the nrooosed plan to levy a tax I
in two installments for the construction
of a nf w City and County Hospital: |
J. George Gibson, j-astor of • the Emai«nuel
Baptist Church; Martha J. Ames, *u]«rln
tendent of the Chinese Baptist Mission; Her
bert N. Bcvler, pastor Memorial Prpsbyterlan
Church; W. E. Dugan, pastor Stewart Mem
orial Second Usitpd Preebyterlan Church, and
H. W. Brayton. St&te superintendent Chil
dren's Home Find Ire Society.
Want to Recover Child.
JoFcph FIshburn and his' wife have com
menced suit against Secretary .White, of
the tocletyfor the Prevention -of Cruelty
to Children to recover the custody of their
daughter Jcnta: Fishburn Is the • alleged
ex-minister who stated in Judge Coff ey's
court at the former trial that he married
his wife by proxy. The couple state that
they are; how. suitable •: guardians for the
child, as they. have, forsworn the use. of
intoxicants, and are -In comfortable cir
cumstances. . ¦ -¦ . ;¦;
.. . '¦-<¦ . : ¦ ¦
A dispatch from Washington, D.'C. was
received at army headquarters yesterday
announcing that Colonel Auman, Twenty
ninth- Infantry, who- is ¦ now on duty at
|theiPresidto,i had been .: recommended for
i promotion- to the rank! of -brigadier- gen
;eral.'J The W^ar Department has issued
;orders for the sailing of the . transport
Logan for Manila on May 1. " .
News in -Army Circles.
Contractors Are Handicapped.
The squabble between g the£ Building
Trades Council .and Carperiters','4 Union
4S3 over, the , recognition " ; of . union cards J is
being felt by- the contractors. -Mapy;con
tracts are' being delayed in : consequence'
of the dispute," and the fight,, as it ' now
stands, * is seriously crippling ;. building
operations in this city. The contractors
are ¦ not. disposed : to . take ; up * with either
faction, and say that they only desire , to
have the trouble ended. : Concessions have
been suggested, but neither , side seems
disposed to .yield ; on ¦ material points. . «
Carpenters from outside points .hesitate,
to come, to . San Francisco at '< this- 1 time,
preferring. not to. be drawn into any' fight
between. local and national- organizations.
On Thursday next the Southern Pacific
will run a personally conducted excursion
through the Napa Valley, leaving San
Francisco at 9:30 a. m., passing Mare Isl
and and the United States navy yard up
-the fine valley with its orchards, vine
yards, wooded hills and beautiful homes
to Calistoga, returning- to Tfapa for lunch
eon and a carriage drive of two hours
Tickets on sale Wednesday and Thursday
include train passage, luncheon and drive
only !?/¦;;¦.). •
Beautiful Napa Valley.
The case of Fred Hansted, charged with
an assault -to do grievous bodily injury, on
Thomas < Garrett, ¦ .was called ¦ .¦ again in
Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday morning.
Attorney Archie * ¦ Campbell ¦ protested
against another continuance as the de
fendant was and had been ready to pro
ceed, but as it was 'stated that Garrett
was- unable to leave :"the hospital the
Judge granted a continuance * till to-day,
when the six days allowed by the charter
will exDire. It was announced that At
torney Peter. F. Dunne had been retained
as special ' prosecutor.- < ¦
Hansted Again in Court.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday that the bond filed by Superinten
dent of Schools Webster In the sum of
$10,000. as required by the consolidation
act, is sufficient. While the Suoerinten
dent i« not necessarily removed from
charter control. Lane holds that ae the of
ficial named entered on the discharge of
his duties before the charter became law
the bond he has given, while not comply
ing with the present law, Is good because
It compiled with the law In force when
he took office.
Webster's Bond Is Good.
The trial of Gus Nader, a merchant In
Fresno, charged with administering drugs
to Beulah ,N: Slgmund, a youngr girl,
whom it was^ alleged he had betrayed, for
an illegal purpose, was concluded before
a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court. yesterday,
and the Jury, returned a verdict of guilty
with a recommendation to mercy. This
is the first conviction of the kind in the
courts here. Mrs. Mary Davis, who was
also held for trial on the same charge has
fled the city. Miss Sigmund recently se
cured a .verdict of ?5000 in the ; Superior
Court in Fresno against Nader for be
trayal under promise of marriage -
Qus Nader Convicted.
The complaints, it is said, were : drawn
up by Police Commissioner. Hutton and
were not . indorsed ¦ by the Warrant and
Bcr.d Clerk or any of his assistants.
Attorneys Ach and Riordari demurred to
the complaints, holding that poker . was
not an Illegal game, and- urging that the
cases be dismissed. It was .finally decided
to submit briefs and the cases were con
tinued till April 26. The case of Mahony
was continued till to-day, but the Judgs
intimated that it would have to follow the
same course as the others. - - •
When the cases of the 115 poker players
arrested in. the Cafe Royal last Saturday
nigrft were called in Judge. Fritz's, court
yesterday morning Attorney Ach filed an
affidavit from several of- the defendants,
reciting that the Royal* Social Club,- of
which they were members, was organised
for social amusement and had &. member
ship of 200 respectable citizens; that Gus
tav Mahony,' who -was one of those arrest
ed and through. Attorney \ Byers wanted
to iro to trial at once, -was not a member
of the club and had gone there that night,
it was believed, for the purpose of putting
up a job on the club. ~ Further, that the
complaints had not been drawn up by the
Warrant and Bond Clerk,- as required by
the charter, but by an outside . attorney,
and ' alleged violations of three distinct
ordinances. " . = ' ' _• " -;.-
Whether Poker Is an Illegal
¦¦" ' Game. ' :
Briefs Will Be Submitted as to
I Harry Corbett has given to the " Press
Club a ping-pong table and outfit, and tne
new game -has- become quite- popular In
the Ellis-street dubrooms. •
Captain 'William. S. 'Barnes, • who; la J: a
life member- of the San ¦ Francisco ' Press
Club, has made another, splendid gift : to
that organization. ; This time it^ Is j a .col
lection .of . 150. book's for. the club. library.
Included In the gift are the entire 'works
of Dickens, LojWell^tongfellow, Emerson,
Milton, Carlyle and others of the masters.
Historical arid economic' works - and | some
rare ( old .prints of- erreat . value make up
the balanceof- the collection. -This is "the
second large consignment of books pre
sented by Captain Barnes to the Press
Club,, and' he has 'signified his Intention
of ; ultimately 'giving.' his-" entire 'library .'to
the newspaper men a organization.. . \- ¦
| "Just, because. I.'. love . the . Press ¦ Club,",
said Captain Barnes, In .-presenting ¦, the
git t.~ ". "When . I ¦ 'long ! for •: the > g-low of ' a
kindly heart and- the clasp of a friendly
hand,' I. turn" to' the -haunt; of the;news
paper'men.' It Is a home of true.bohe
mians." ' ¦¦'. ... • ¦'¦- ' ' .'¦'. '.,-. • . ¦ ¦
Adds One Hundred and!, Fifty
umes .to. the. Library of the News-'-.';'
paper -Men's' Organization. . • : "
CAiPTAIN BARNES' ITinB % ; ; ¦
"' C GOT TOPERS- CLUB
Ping-pong is the game now and Wallace
Irwin hag a poem about It In to-day's San
FVandsco News Letter that reaches the high
water mark of comic verse. The story this
week is "A Glimpse Beneath the Surface," a
eparklim? little society pastel. "Plots for' and
Against Short-Story Writers" is a scathing
expose of literary agents. W. O. McQeehan
has a very funny eketch. "Saturday Night at
the OJj-mpus Cafe," and "The Two-Penny
Prophet and the Magazine of the Future" Is
a solemnly ludicrous lot of advice to magazine
publishers. "Strange Commonplaces" is the
heading for a new and attractive deoartment
The paper does not lack a serious side. "Cam
paign Echoes" is a thorough discussion of the
San Jose convention. Financial, literary and
dramatic pubjects are ably discussed by able
¦writers. The Looker On and the Town Crier
mutt not be overlooked; they are full of good
Btories and pungent paragraphs. The uocieiy
department is the most complete and authentic
in San Francisco. •
To-Day's News Letter.
1 Tour telegram received and I sincerely trust
you are in earnest and that you mean busi
ness. Without wasting words you made a big
mistake ¦ in not accepting Los Angeles' offer,
an everything was fair and Just to you. Your
acknowledgment that a' contest Is Impossible
In the East is only a repetition of my action
toward their bids. Your actions toward Cali
fornia, bids -led -me to believe you were trying
to avoid a meeting. We pledged mutually to
agree on the best bid on a certain date and
at that time the East had not been heard from
and - you refused to accept anything here. I
don't want to dictate anything, but want mu
tual financial interests, and 1 will, therefore,
communicate .with clubs in ¦ California, which
will doubtless insist on deciding as to the best
date, and we must agree , on something*. . You
deposit $2500 now and I will do likewise. I
am sincere in all I have done and sorry you
have not ' realized the same. :
• JAMES J. JEFFRIES.
justed," but he seems , to think that he Is
pursuing the right course to proceed * In
the way' he started out I consider Mr.
Vining to blame for the whole trouble.
¦>.' "If a general strike Is precipitated and
there Is trouble in this city I shall con
sider Mr. Vining responsible for all that
it entails. It doesn't seem to be possible
to avert a strike when. the attitude of Mr.
Vining is so hostile to the men and those
who are trying to effect some kind of a
settlement." ' . , ' .
LOS ANGELES, April 18.— Replying to
Fitzsimmons' telegram -of - yesterday,
stating that he' was now willing to fight
In California, Champion Jeffries to-day
wired the following to his prospective an
tagonist: . • - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
v. Cojonel. Deasy .and the members of th«
various companies were well pleased with
the results.- The crowd was the largest
that has ever attended a drill and the
receipts will add a handsome sum to the
treasury of the regiment. The entire af
fair \ was j under the direction of the fol
lowing committee ' of . arrangements :
• Lieutenant Colonel I.'- D. Dwyer (chairman).
Captain -Frahk -;McCarthy (secretary), 1 Walter
E.'.'Dorn -(treasurer), . Rev. ¦ Philip O'Ryan,
Colonel Daniel C.' Deasy, Major John P. Duffy,
Captain ;Frank' Grimley, Lieutenant Frank Col
ligan,VJames ; B.JCoffey. Jr. ' ' ".
ment was under c command of Lieutenant
Colonel -I: > D.- Dwyer. Company D was
the- center. of attraction and received tho
plaudits, of ; the audience as it marched
around the hall. . ':
Both wore service - uniforms and were
armed- with rifles and a -lively- -fusillade
marked the mimic encounter. Major and
Surgeon Joseph G. Morrissey, .assisted by
Hospital Steward James I. O'Dea and the
members . of the hospital corps, • gave : an
Another novel feature was the building
of a bridge across an Imaginary river, its
attack and defense. Major John -P. : Duff y
had. charge of the work. While ;Com-.
pany M., under command of ' Captain J.
A. Rlddell, was building the bridge, Com
pany D, under, command of Captain' Mc-
Carthy, attacked the bridge' guilders.
They were repulsed by Company H; under
command of Lieutenant Daly: ••••¦ ';,•,.'
A,. Captain William C. Hopper,.and'Com
pany L, Captain Frank. Grimley; were'the
other competing companies. Between D^
and L the rivalry was r close, but after a
long consultation the judges decided that
D. was again the winner. .All did . excel
lently, was their judgment; -' • -' ' '
Between the drills Company N presented
a -fancy drill, 'showing remarkable'apti
tude ; for .prompt execution' "of • Intricate
evolutions. "A Night, in Camp" was-'the
burlesque feature of the . entertainment/
Company O, Captain Joseph Wesplear, as
sistqd by details from all the.companies,
a .camp band and provost guard undertthe
direction. of Lieutenant David B.; Torres,,
gave a realistic representation of £llfe
about the tents, blanket, tossing, and -.the
general relaxation thatrls^ sometimes in
dulged in. The hospital . corps -Jdist in,-'
gulshed itself by occasionally spHllhg the
wounded off their litters onto the floor. 1 .
CAPTAINS COMMANDING THE COMPANIES OF, THE LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS, WHO COMPETEDFOR .THE COLONEL.E.' J. POWER
' TROPHY, GIVEN BY THE OFFICERS' OF: THE REGIMENT.
Jeffries Answers Favor
able Message From
Fitzsimmons.":
CLEARING WAY
FOR BIG FIGHT
AFFIDAVIT IS FIXED IN ¦ ;
THE CAFE: BOYAL CASES
Company H, under command' of L»Ieuten T
ant John P. Daly, In place of Captain
Thomas Eccles, who was' absent, owing to
the recent death of his mother; Company
Company D, the winner of the trophy,
under command, of .Captain Frank -Mc-
Carthy, was the first on the floor. The
Judges were Captain D. J. Rumbough,
Captain E. A. Millar and Lieutenant W.
R. Bettlson, artillery corps, United States
army.
Each captain was handed a llst'of the
maneuvers that were to be executed:
They were not intricate, but sufficed to
display the ability of the commanding of
ficer and his men.
Maneuvers Not Intricate.
Colonel Daniel C. Deasy led his regi
ment in the review which was tendered to
Major General Hughes. The battalions
were commanded by Majors James E.
Power. John P. Duffy and P. .J. Hagger
ty. When the colors passed the review
ing stand all the officers arose, arid as
the grizzled veteran doffed his hat the
spectators arose and remained standing
while the circuit of the hall was made.
"The American League ' March" ; selection,
"Norma"; "The Village Blacksmith"; "The
Lame Gooee"; medley of popular, airs; march,
"Creole Bellee." .- ' '. : .
Before the exercises commenced the
band, under the direction of Rev. "Crea
tore" Kennedy. Its new leader, rendered
the following programme: . *
last night in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. The assemblage was large and en
thusiastic. It appreciated the work done
by the boys and frequently signified its
approval by generous applause.
In the grand stand were Major General
Robert P. Hughes, U. S. A., and staff;
Rear Admiral Henry M. Glass and aids,
from the training station on Yerba Buena
Island; Adjutant General G-eorge ,B.
Stone, N. G. C, and staff; Coionel Thomas
F. O'Nell, commanding the First Califor
nia Regiment, N. G. C, and officers of
the regiment; Major H. P. Bush,- com
manding the First Artillery Battalion, N.
<x. C; Captain H. A-' Jensen, commanding
Troop A. N. G. C: Captain Thomas A.
Nerney of the Naval Militia and staff, and
Captain Moore of the Congregational Ca
det Corps.
There were a number of distinguished
clergymen present. Very Rev. J. J. Pren
dergast, V. G., represented the Arch
bishop and every parish In the city was
represented either by - the pastor ' or one
of his assistants. ...
FOR the fourth time Company D of
the League of the Cross Cadets
won the prize in the annual com
petitive drill, which was held
Dimmick went into minute details as to
the system employed at the Mint of
counting the gold stored in the vaults. He
said that the sacks of gold stored In the
pigeonholes around the walls of the vault
were frequently concealed by piles of gold
on trucks or in heaps on the floor. When
the vaults were in this overladened con
dition so that all of the money could nat
be seen it was counted by assumption
that is, the sacks in the pigeonholes
were eupposed to be in place.
The defendant described at great length
all the events that occurred both imme
diately before and on the day that it was
discovered that the bags of double
eagles were missing. He entered so ex
tensively Into detail at this point that the
court had to request that he confine him
self more to the matter at issue. Collins
told the court that he desired his client to
make a clean breast of everything so that
It might be seen that he was acting just
•as an innocent man would act and that
he was holding back nothing.
Dimmick had not finished his testimony
when the court adjourned at 5 o'clock
He will again resume the stand on Mon
day morning.
In regard to his duties Dimmick testi
fied that Superintendent Leach had in
structed him to keep a close watch on
Cole so that if anything should go wrong
he would be able to reprimand the
cashier. One of his duties in this respect
was to count the gold in the vaults at
the close of each day. After three or four
months, Dimmick said. Cole objected to
his counting the cash, saying that he
could look after his own business and
Dimmick should confine himself to his
own affairs.
Dimmick testified that Leach requested
him to assist Cole in changing the com
bination of the vault. Continuing the
witness said he took off the back plate of
the upper combination lock and gave Cole
the necessary instructions written on a
slip of paper. Cole made up the combina
tion and found that it would not work.
Then Dimmick came to the rescue with a
lead pencil in his hand and had Cole work
the dial. Cole failed a second time. Then
• It became necessary to take off the dust
plate and line up the tumblers with the
lead pencil. Cole failed again and the
matter was let ' go until the next day,
•when Cole succeeded in getting his new
combination to -work. Dimmick did not
know then and never knew what num
bers ¦were selected by Cole for his com
bination. He also denied positively that
he had ascertained from the back of the
lock the numbers selected by Cole. Ete
denied equally as positively that he had
*ver made any marks on the mechanism
of the vault locks.
Says He Was Told to Watch Cole.
When the defendant Dimmick was
called to tne stand by his attorney there
was a perceptible stir of Interest in the
courtroom. Although half a year has
elapsed since the disappearance of the
coin he was able to repeat the exact
words of every conversation addresse.l to
him at that time. Not only this, but he
described the places where the conversa
tions were held and the events leading up
to them.
The court admitted that the prosecution
had tailed to prove that the lock was out
of order before, July, but he declined to
order the testimony stricken out, declar
ing that the jury should determine how
far it should oe used.
Jury Will Determine Facts.
A mild sensation was sprung in the
morning by Attorney Cxeorge L>. Collins,
when he made a motion to strike out
from the record the testimony given by
J. 1*. Bergen, John F. Young, Charles £'.
"Waltz anu Aorian rtyan. i'heir testi
mony had been offered to show that tne
Iock. on tne vault was out of order after
the shortage had been discovered in July,
1SW1. Collins argued to have this testi
mony cxpungea on the grouna that it was
incompetent, irrelevant ana immaterial,
nothing having been adduced to prove
that tue lock was out of order precious
to the theft.
During the entire time that Dimmick
occupied the stand, and he was there cur
ing almost the entire day, not once did he
display the least confusion or hesitancy
in answering any quesUon propounded by
Attorney Collins. Those who had come
vith the expectation of witnessing any
mclodranilc outbreaks or embarrassing
responses on the part of the defendant,
were disappointed.
As on the preceding day the defense
again attempted to cast suspicion on
Cashier Cole. Dimmick asserted that
Cole objected to the removal of the gold
irom the overcrowded vault just previous
to the time that the empty pigeonholes
were discovered.
Walter N. DImmick. the defendant i
whom the United States Government is j
trying its utmost to convict on the charge
that he stole $30,000 in gold from one of '
ils most substantial vaults, took the wit
ness stand yesterday in his own behalf, j
Nothing that has not been told and re
told again and again was developed, but j
the interest of the spectators was kepc at j
lever heat by the thorough and most cir
cumstantial manner in which Dimmick
exploited the details connected with the
disappearance of the sacks of coin. |
. "I : have ; tried my best • to ,.-. prevent a
strike, while knowing all the time that
.the men were perfectly Justified. Mr. Vin
ing's attitude has not been conciliatory
at all. He has not conceded anything to
the men since this strike agitation began.
I urged him* through • his superior, • Mr.
Duane, to quit discharging men until alf
the disquiet . caused by the recent ex
change of the street car lines had been ad-
: "I had the promise' of the '-committee
that called on me this afternoon," he said,
"that they would not order a strike unless
it was absolutely necessary. I am sorry
that circumstances forced them j to take
this action, as it means a great amount of
suffering and loss to the men and the
families depending upon their ¦ labor for
their daily, bread.- v ¦ .. . .
¦ Mayor Schmitz was surprised when told
that the street car men had decided to go
out on a. strike. ¦ ... . • ¦
Schmitz Blames . Vining.
President Cornelius stated that the
strike had the sanction of. the • Interna
tional Union of- Streetcar Employes.
jSaid that a telegram had been sent to
"President W. . D." Mahon of. the Interna
tional Union, explaining the situation and
that he was satisfied that the strike
should be ordered. Cornelius further an
nounced that : President Mahon was now
on his way to this day to assist tne
streetcar men in winning their fight
The following telegram explains the
character, of President Mahon's informa
tion: ¦
OWOSSO, Mich., April" IS.— W. D. Mahon of
Detroit, president of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of " i Street I Railway Employes of
America, who is in. this city visiting- friends,
to-night received a telegram from one of the
leaders In San Francisco stating that a strike
of .the street railway men had been ordered tj
take . rilace .to-morrow morning and that 3000
men would be Involved. -
President Cornelius and Financial Sec
retary Dingwall stated last night that the
exact time for striking could not be an
nounced, as it was the desire of the union
'•to hit the companies as hard as possible
and not to give them the least time to
prepare." The' executive committee
seemed to be- of 'the opinion that if the
hour of strike should be made public the
companies might succeed in intimidating
the members of the -Union and thus frus
trate the plans in the very inception. -
President Cornelius estimates that the
number of. men that would Join in tne
fight would aggregate about 2000, but the
other officers of the union were in no
wise so confident that . the strike call
would be obeyed by so many. In fact the
whole plans for the strike seem to be ex
ceedingly vague and Incomplete. While
it wa!s decided not to inform the street
car employes last night President Corne
lius. Financial Secretary Dingwall, and
Henry Johnson, a member of the execu
tive committee, were cither unable or un
willing to say how the men were to.be
called out. They also were unprepared
to say whether the : cars of the com
panies were to- . be abandoned In the
streets and left to take care of them
selves or whether they - were to be run
Into the carhouses and there consigned to
an enforced rest.
Help From. the East.
At the meeting last night of the San
Francisco Labor Council, with, which Di
vision . No. 205, Amalgamated Association
of Street Railway Employes, is affiliated,
the question of a strike of the • streetcar
men -was not even considered. The union
was not represented at its meeting by the
delegates. Two weeks ago the Labor
Council refused to indorse the proposed
strike. 1
Strike Not Discussed.
. Those among the owners and managers
of' the -lines who are most familiar with
the situation say there will be no strike,
the union not being strong enough in
membership to affect seriously the opera r
tion of any line of the street car system
of the city. Manager Vining. Superintend
ent Reynolds of the Sutter-street line and
others say that it is not possible for Cor
nelius and his associates to cause" tho
employes to leave their posts. ;¦¦¦•• ;
No meeting of the union was held, and
the' decision to order a strike was reached
at a short conferenc^of four, or five lead
ers in the organization of - the union held
at the . Turk-street Temple during the
afternoon, after Manager Vining of the
Market-street lines had declined to see
them or to consider their demands and
after Mayor Schmitz had told them that
he could : do " nothing more in the way of
mediation.
Cornelius declined to state the exact
hour at which the men would be asked to
•leave the cars or how they would be noti
fied, as that would forewarn the employ
ers. \ He said that it was hoped that 2U00
men would quit work, but that the leaders
did not expect to be able to tie up the
street car system of the city immediately.
Richard Cornelius, president of the
Street * Railway '¦':¦'• Employes'. Union, an
nounced last night that a strike would be
ordered to r day on. all the lines of San
Francisco excepting those of the Califor
nia-street Railroad Company. This action
was decided upon, by the executive com
mittee of the union after Manager Vining
refused to reply to the committee's writ
ten demands, a . . ;
Attorney George D. " Collins
Springs Surprise on the
Prosecution.
Employers Claim Union. Has
No Strength of Numbers !
Behind It. ' --v '•>';•
Shows Self - Possession,
in Giving His Ver
sion' of Theft.
Distinguished Army and Navy Officers Give Praise for Excellent
Work Done by the Young Soldiers of the Regiment*
Strike Will Be Ordered
Tc-Day, Leaders
Announce.
DIMMICK TAKES
WITNESS STAND
SAY THE CARMEN
WILL QUIT WORK
COMPANY D IS WINNER OF TROPHY
AT LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS' DRILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY,^ APRIL 19, 1902.
j , ; Just before , the - closing ; feature of the
• evenlng, : the regiment parade, the decision
: of the judges was announced. Very Rev.
Father Prendergast presented the Colonel
¦ Power trophy to Captain McCarthy, pin
ning, it .on his breast alongside the Mont
• ' gomery .trophy, which was finally won
by Company D last year. In order to
•: retain the Colonel Power trophy it must
: 'be won three times.
During the • regimental parade, which
: was reviewed by Colonel Deasy, the regi-
• . : March „ Over the' Bridge.
I 'When* the bridge was completed the
3 regiment was marched over Jt, while the
; band played "A Hot Time." .'.¦'-¦• j *. :
14
¦ "¦'^•^ Won't i say/ much about our BIG VAI/TJES. Just read "'over our
'"list" bfV.SFECIALS to-day, then call and judge for yourselves.
lp?$>. ;. ; > %K WALTS. ; ; ' '¦ 2 ;DRESS SKIRT Sf ECIA15/
(CQ OK Jor'' regular $5.00 TAFFETA .CO QK for regular $5.00 CLOTH
:<q>0»ZO SILK WAISTS.. These stylish': :&*•**** DRESS SKIRTS. Made with
: ivwaists are tucked, front and back, made ; lull flounce and effectively trlmmed-
¦:--.: ¦with extra. vest portion of silk, > tucked with bands of| ratin. .
'¦- '¦ ... and; stitched and trimmed with small <C^[ Afk forJFINE - QUALITY LIGHT
'. ; silk buttons. ,„- , .. ..- ; . -. QOiUU anrf MEDIOMWEIGHT VE-
' ¦>¦:. . NETIAN CLOTH TAILOR MADE
» ¦-,- '.;-'¦¦ LAWN .WAISTS. : .. SKIRTS. 1 Regular value $7.00.
! QK/, for reguiar$ll50 LAWN WAISTS. V RAPr ER^.
,-¦••; CrfJV We offer you' a. choice of 3 styles QQr» tor regular $1.25 . . PERCALE
,' In these, dainty, garments,.' tucked, hem- C/Ow WRAPPERS. ¦; Just 'received 60
'.:' stitched and; trimmed with' embroidery or dozen from our factory; pretty styles'.
lace Insertions rand edgings. -. dainty "patterns. "-Won't last long at this
' ' ¦: .- i • ' • . ,.. ¦ price. • All . sizes. '•
¦¦ , :" OUR CORSET GUARANTEE. ,'ja»| ore for our $1.75 fine quality
Your 'Monevbick V or a' NEW CORSET ' P E R.C A L. E WRAPPKRS.:
f given iTSte^fw days you find a Corfe? 2uh ""ah *!**"* trimm **
. bought at our store unsatlsf actor}-. with torchon lace. All sizes.
' : CC^SE¥'°Giv^S^ 8 SSh W from '.'? B jiS5S r ? f - *$$& 4 R>^A^ y TIN
;' effect; is made of fine Italian Cloth.; -. ..TAFFETA . WASH RIBBON, oe f
¦•>.,:..•.¦•.. ¦ . ,. ...-.-. . ¦ • . . at Per Yard 4OW
. To-day ?1^>O for a regular $2.25 FRENCH . , ¦.'¦¦;• All Colors.
: ERECT FORM CORSET. Light" weight, . . . \nr\n Y«-rf«
,V unllned. bias gored." adaptable to all fl g- , Qf rwlai ;. 3 5cUlBERTY SILK WASH
;, '¦; •••,., % RIBBON,' all colors, 6 inches 1O-.
; .¦ ,.-..'': HO'IERY. ./•;.': wide, at..'..:.".: .-.:.*. Yard -*<tfC
IQl r .for .WOMEN'S LISLE FINISH' CHILDREN'S WM'E ' A D E>.
..'••l^&aV^-j BLACK 'HOSE, extra long, -tfji £* PS for DAINTY. WHITE PIQUE
double heel and toe., A regular 20c qual- '.tP ¦•*>**, ¦CAPES.;- Extra full . and
.-.:',lty... .. .:¦.-. .. .;. ." . • ; '.,..;. ' with three rows of wide embrol-
* '¦¦¦¦ • ¦.. ' -¦'"= k '•¦•¦¦¦ 'dery. Usual price 82.23. ' •
QQf for 'WOMEN'S .REGULAR .'.tec fSi'r*' in for' el^ant WTTITP' ptotttt
-^* 5C -QUALITY. HERMSDORFF HOSE. $2.40 C^PES^LlnT? through^,
*KIRTS FOR OUTING^ ; with fine .white Marseilles Flannel, cut
>™ RI |'f u| \ wutiniua. . very full and trimmed - with ruffles of
*.;.; THESE, ARE JUST. THE THING. .-.-.; ' ¦¦"¦ wide ' deep '- embroidery. ' Usual prlce'i
' Q PS f> ¦' for i- ; LINEN v OUTING 93^5.\r\ '.'•<
• *J<J\*l extra i wide, trimmed with three ] KNiT UNDERWEAR '"
¦'¦¦ ''^Sfiii^ 1 "*"- H:^° od '?l-60, quality; |Q^ ; : for : g0 od quality : BALBRIGGAN ;
; ;:*:". ¦..."¦•, - : I *J UNDER VESTS. A regular 35o
• ¦SL C >- IBS'.'-' 'of, GRASS LINEN. SKIRTS, . .. quality. .All sizes. . . ..
¦¦...<?'¦*'• tO. made with! two ¦ stylish • flare QO r for SILK AND. WOOL MIXED
• flounces and < piped throughout in white , ;UOw IMPORTED or
. . linen. ; These, skirts never sell < for.' less PANTS, in pink, blue or white. ' All
; than 93.25. > All sizes. , :.\ • ¦/¦! sizes. ; Regular price fl.SO.
: NOVELTIES. 1212,12l|MS{K£T Si'.; |S|jf ;
A~':-"- . : :. : °- . Between Taylor. and. Jones.V .. ° — — — - — — — — O
¦ . . ¦ v iOPEN TO-NIGHT TILL' 11' O'CLOCK.
/¦Hale's. I Hale's. '
Best Hosiery of the Season.
Vacation Hosiery
By the dozen now at Reduced Prices.
v Customers may make their own assortment of sizes.
Children's. Hose, 95c dozen. ;•,.
108 dozen children's fast black seamless cotton hose — fine rit> — good
weight— full . length and elastic — all sizes 5 to gYt. Regular value $1.20
a dozen, sale. price .........'. 95c dozen
Boys' Bicycle Ribbed Hose,. $1.20. dozen.
50 dozen boys' heavy bicycle ribbed fast black seamless cotton hose.
v . extra 4ong and elastic— all sizes S to 9 J A. Regular value $1.50 dozen, sale
price ...' J£1.2O dozen
Ladies' Cotton Hose, 75c dozen.
100 dozen ladies' fast black or assorted tan cotton hose — full-length,
seamless and elastic. Regular value $1.00 dozen, sale price 75 c dozen
Ladies' Cotton Hose, 95c dozen.
ioo dozen- ladies' fast black full seamless cotton hose^ — good weight, ex-
tra long and elastic, sizes 8j4 to 10. Regular value $1.20 a dozen, sale-price
' *** O5c dozen
Ribbons.
4j£-inch satin taffeta ribbon, bright, soft and good quality. We will make
any new style bow you ask- for- and charge you but 23c a yard for the ribbon
used. ". No charge for tying. • ,• .
Ribbon Koses for your hair. All colors; they are stylish, genteel and
very pretty. The idea of a cluster of those very small Dresden roses -for the '
waist finished with a bow originated here and is rapidly becoming the fad.
Millinery for the Little Girls.
Saturday, as we remarked before, is children's day in the millinery sec-,
tion— not but what we are very glad to see , them any time — but that we
make special preparations for their reception on Saturdays. ' •
We havetOKday, for "instance,, an extra big supply of those soft floppy
wide brim hats. in leghocn or fancy straw, daintily trimmed with ribbon and
flowers — and at an extra low-price.' ............^ 92.35 each
Toilet Articles.
¦ • . , ' , -
Extra'quality .whisk broom— worth regularly. 15c— special. 10c each
•Russet leather shoe dressing for tan shoes — regular 20c bottle—^closing out
- this time for ..^......1.. .5c
Violet Talcum powder — purifying antiseptic, made by Colgate & Co:, at
..1..^.. 13c box
Colgate's antiseptic tooth powder — highly perfumed. ........... ; . 15c bottle
Petromilk toilet soap — box containing three cakes perfumed— extra good
value ..^. ....".:. ".. 5c box
Novelties in Meh'is Neckwear.
New colors— new shapes — in bows for standing or turn-down collars, tecks
or four-in-hands. A more comprehensive line would-be hard to find
....... .... ....v.:.-. :.. 25c each
Candy Section.
Chocolate marshmallow chews — special ......... .".'. i. 1 5c lb
Choice peanut candy, made from pure molasses and choice selected Virginia
peanuts, in K-lb bars lOe bar
cisco. > * rf ?iiiit - .^flO GOOS^^^ 0^ \cisco.
KitdienUtensilsj
- HAVING THIS e i
(burned in the enamel) ztcSafe
We claim Purity ana Safety, and
substantiate this claim with Chemists'
Certificate.
Note the bine label used by tw (and
fully sustained by recent U. S. Circuit J
Court decision) to distinguish our
absolutely pure Agate Nickel-Steel
Ware. * this label £ pasted on every
piece of genuine Agate Ware.
_ A full assortment of these poods for sale brail
Beokltt shewing facsimile of <mr laiel.ttc..
. . free to any address.
LALANCE &. GROSJEAN rtFO. CO.
mwt Tour bostom Chicago
_A»E~SflFE.~ i
Orizaba
ggffee
50c pound.
Richest Flavored Coffee Grown. •
KONA KOFFEE KOMPANY,
SOI»E AGENTS.
145 STOCKTON ST., Neap Geary
Opposite the City of Paris Dry Goods Co.
Phone Bush 610.
For Stomach Disorders.
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATUkAL Alkalinsj Water
220 BROA3WAI, -Nj T.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces andjooking. - :
There Is so fuel that, will compare with coks
Delivered In , any - quantity. Country ordera
solicited. .P. A. McDONALD. SIS FoUom at.