VOLUME XCH— NO. 11.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
The executive session of the council was
then held, with the result thatSaratoga
Springs, N. Y., was selected as the place
for holding: the next annual meeting on
the second Wednesday and Thursday in
July. 1903. There was a shadow fo a con
test for the honor of entertaining the
Nobles by^Dallas, Tex., but the Saratoga
contingent swept the council by a decisive
vote. The election for imperial officers
will take place to-day, at which time, ac
cording to custom. Imperial Deputy
Potentate Henry C. Alken of Omaha,
Nebr., will be elected imperial potentate.
SARATOGA WINS FIGHT.
The main feature of the morning ¦was
the parade of the escort to the Imperial
potentate. The streets were crowded all
along the line of march and great enthu
siasm, was manifested. The unique cos
tumes of the Arabian and Egyptian
patrols, some of them of exceedingly ornate
pattern, won the admiration of the femi
nine contingent. At Golden Gate Hall,
where the council sessions are being held,
the visiting Nobles were officially wel
comed in behalf of San . Francisco by
Mayor Schmitz. Charles H. ! Murphy,
potentate of Islam Temple, the -well
known organization of this city, delivered
the fraternal welcome."
darker shade and women who jauntily
disported white fezes with red tassels
and gold lace trimmings have become fa
miliar figures In San Francisco Just now.
The Insignia of the Mystic Shrine, the
sclmlter, cross and crescent, the Eastern
star, the numberless badges of unique de
sign met with at every turn have Im
pressed themselves upon the populace so
that there has developed an immense de
mand for them In all quarters as souve
nirs.
At 2 p. m. the reception of Al Malaikah
will take place in the maple room at- the
Palace. Preparations have been made for
the care of as many persons as may come.
The room has been /tastefully decorated
for the occasion and a special programme :
of vocal , and-, instrumental ¦• music will ; : be
rendered. .The day's festivities wilPconr
elude with a promenade concert at the
At 9:30 o'clcok the first excursion to
Mount Tamalnais will leave via the
Sausalito ferry. The second excursion
leaves on the 1:45 boat and the last at
5:15 p. m. Those attending this excursion
will remain on the mountain all night and
will have an opportunity of witnessing the
sunrise to-morrow , morning.
The events outlined for the Shriners and
their friends to-day are of a character to
impress the ' Visiting \ pilgrim* ; with the
beauties of the country adjacent to the
bay, as well as the importance of Its in
stitutions. At 9 o'clock an. excursion to
Berkeley will be given, the \ boat leaving
at the hour indicated. Special provisions
have been made for the handling of the
crowd on the other side of the bay and
for its entertainment In Berkeley.
PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY.
The ladies'- reception at the Lick was a
brilliant affair, In which thousands took
part during trie afternoon. It was an en
joyable occasion for all who attended and
Its success' reflects great . credit upon the
ladles of the committee whose painstak
ing efforts to please contributed so large
ly to render the visit of the Nobles and
their friends • enjoyable. • The ¦ parade in
the evening , was : one of the most unique
ever seen here; and was witnessed by im
mense crowds. The rally at the Pavilion,
which attracted a' great ' throng, ¦ was a
complete success in every detail.
M im <HE last belated pilgrim, who
* g ' strayed from, his caravan while
H crossing the hot' sands of the
E desert, made his appearance
-*X yesterday and there. was great
rejoicing and feasting In conse-.
<juence among the sons of the prophet.
The Shriners had rested and- were in "ex
cellent trim for the performance of the
obligations imposed upon them by their
hosts, which included a ready acquiescence
in the will of San Franciscans as to their
entertainment and the promotion of a dis
position to accept .uncomplainingly and
without reservation all the good cheer the
people had to offer them. That, they
were successful in both respects was evi
denced yesterday by the good will,
stanch fraternity and hearty. friendliness
that characterized the functions of the
day.
There was much to occupy the attention
of the visiting Nobles during the day. The
r-urade of the morning, the meeting of
the Imperial Council, the selection of
Saratoga. K. Y., for the meeting of the
council next year, the brilliant reception
by the iocal ladies at the Lick House, the
magnificent and novel pageant of last
ingkt. and the rally at the Pavilion fur
l-.ished a menu of social delights which
the most blase of the visitors found it dif-
Jicult to ignore. The general public, too,
vas determined to share In the pleasures
of the' day. as was attested by the thou
sands that thronged the streets and
crowded to the various receptions .at
temple headquarters. The venders of
Islamic badges plied a profitable trade
and those merchants who had Turkish
fezes to sell soon found their stock In
trade insufficient to satisfy the popular
aemand.
Men wearing red fezes with tassels of a
Visiting Nobles and Their Friends Are
Most Royally Entertained.
The first division was the most pictur
esque and interesting of the parade. - H.
P* Steel was marshal. First came wagon
trains that recalled the days ;of the pio
neers. Four yokes of oxen plodded along,
drawing wagons that for , age and un
couthness evidenced that they were used
| in crossing the, plains when railroads were
a dream and not a reality. Seated In the
old 'wagons were Nobles who had ac
tually crossed the deserts to California
in '49. ' The members of Islam Temple,
garbed as cowboys and mounted on mus-»
tangs, dashed. back and forth, firing pis
tols and creating excitement. Members
of the United States cavalry stationed at
the Presidio, dressed In the fantastical
garb of Indians, with, faces .painted; as
though on the warpath, were also In line.
They made the faint-hearted shudder
¦with their hideous war cries and startled
the multitude with their daring riding.
At every stop the Indians would dismount
from their horses and the trained animals
would stand huddled together, unmindful
of .the noise their masters generated. War
dunces and powwows enlivened the pro
ceedings. ' One Indian would squat on the
1 ground and bea"t a. tomtom solo ¦while his
tollow braves danced in glee around him.
I They; sang Indian songs and delivered
FEATURES OF THE PARADE.
John A. Hammersmith, leader of the
Olympic Club and an officer of the 'Mystic
Shriners, looked { after the various divi
sions. He had his hands full, but he was
in his element and enjoyed the novelty.
Sixtieth regiments and the Fifth Artil
lery. The men were on horseback and
played enlivening airs along the line of
march. Immediately after them were
forty members of . Islam Temple, San
Francisco, on /horseback. They made a
striking appearance in their zouave uni
forms. Each man bestrode a striking
"charger and held a lance surmounted by
a red flag, on which was the symbol of a
crescent.. As they rode through the long
line^of watching thousands they .maneu
vered with the skill of cavalrymen.
A band played stirring marches and the
horses kept perfect time to the music.
- A feature of the parade was the pres- v
en'ce of Philip C. Shaffer, Imperial poten
tate, and Illustrious Potentate Charles H.
Murphy of Islam . Temple. They rode In
an open carriage drawn by six whlta
horses, and ' were greeted along the Una
with 'cheers. ¦ .
: . Then ¦ followed, eleven , mounted buglers,
detailed. . from the Ninety-second, One
Hundred and" Fifth, - Twenty-ninth and
'.At 8:45 p. m. the first portion of the
parade reached The Call building at
Third and Market streets. Following th*e
escort of : mounted policemen came the
grand marshal of > the parade, Reuben P.
llurlbut. Riding at his side were his
chief of staff, Gustave H. Umbsen, and
William H. Edwards, chairman of the
parade committee. Then came the aids
to. the grand marshal— Frank W. Marston,
George H. Pippy.vH. Madison, George W.
Bauer, Walter," N. Brunt, James-Spauld
itg, J. A. Devoto, H. W. . Goodall, E. P.
Hulm, J. R- "Knowlarid, A. P. Leach, Wil
liam Mooser, George S. Andres, Al Ken
dell, M. E. Gaines," Harry Umbsen, W. W.
Stocker, W. L. Hughson, James McNab,
J. H. Wilkins, R. J. Taussig and Byron
Mauzy. . '.'. ¦¦ •
At.8:15 o'clock the" procession started on
its. way: From Market ' and Eleventh
streets Chief of Police : Wittman led the
van. He was attired In full uniform and
bestrode a black charger caparisoned in
the trappings j of the Police : Department.
'The '.Chief is. a high Noble, but laid aside
his. fraternal affiliations for official duty.
Close behind . the popular jofficer was his
aid,- Lieutenant Mullen. , In the latter' s
wake came Sergeant Clarence Coogan and
sixteen mounted policemen. The latter
.compose . the Park squad and every man
rodehis horse like a soldier. They made
a striking appearance and were favorably
commented on by trie, citizens. '
START OF PARADE.
All along the line of march searchlights
threw their powerful rays up and down
the street, bringing into bold • relief the
standing and marching thousands. Red
fire stands were placed at. every block
and a soft red light added to the brilliance
of . the scene.
could be seen at a great distance. At '
Third arid Market streets night was turn
ed into day. Suspended from • two tall
buildings was the motto "Es Selamu Al- V
elkum" (Peace be with you). Long pend
ants of lights were strung from The Call
buildingto the Palace Hotel, a block dis-
Jant. The latter building also presented
a fine appearance with its many lights.
At . the foot of . Market street the Ferry
depot tower looked beautiful. Thousands
of lights "were used In illuminating I the
tower and it presented a notable appear
ance. . . .. •. . '. .7
The scene last night was not unlike that
which residents and visitors witnessed
when the -brave California boys returned
and on -the evening the late lamented
President, William McKinley, waa escort
ed down Market street.' The electrical dis
play was equal to that seen on 'the occa
sions named. The City Hall dome ; stood
out in bold relief with its thousands, of
lights. Down the line in order, was the
Central Theater with vari-colored; lights.
Hale Brothers', building, John Breuner's
store and other leading business houses.
The Call v building loomed up in magnifi
cent style. The graceful outlines -of the
tall "¦ structure • were '"! brilliant with - thou
sands of ' incandescent lights. The .'dome
was Illuminated- with • colored lights and
BRILLIANT DISPLAY.
Market street from - Montgomery to
Eleventh street was a scene of animation.
Thousands upon thousands of people lined
the curbs ' and waited patiently for the
procession. As early a3 7 o'clock the wire
ropes placed at the edge of the curbs by
the- police were lined - with people and * at
the time the parade started it was impos
sible to get through: 'People stood - ten
deep, and craned their necks In. order to
view the pageant. - There was ' the usual
crushing and the- police had' their hands
full trying to prevent accidents. The
crowds would surge against the wire ca
bles, and In many instances the stout rope
snapped. Women fainted in the crush and
men became excited. Although there were
many minor accidents, nothing serious
happened to mar the occasion. Every of
ficer in trie . department was pressed into
service to keep the crowds In line and they
felt greatly^ relieved when ' the people be
gan to disperse.
that turned the darkness' into
day. Although a trifle chilly the night
was a perfect one for the parade. A cres
cent moon was overhead, but Its rays
seemed overshadowed by. thei brilliance of
the scene on the . main thoroughfare.
•Myriad lights \ strung on wires .from one
side of the street to the other and fifty
feet' apart •.- brilliantly . illuminated . the
scene. On every building inslgnias of the
order ornamented the walls and added to
the magnificence of the spectacle.
street under a canopy of lights
of the most brilliant specta-
gk cles seen* in this city in years
Hr ra was the parade ¦ last evening
M Em of the Mystic Shriners.- Fully
5000 Nobles marched on Market
yells that sounded maniacal. The cow
boys would cut short their dancing by
making a dash past them, discharging
revolvers and adding realism to the scene.
Accompanying, these was a wagon train
containing a commissary wagon and
tumbled-down vehicles bearing signs that
read, "From Pike County to Hangtown,"
"Zem Zem Water," "California or Bust"
and other appropriate lines.
Then came a float that represented the
army in time of war. A score of soldiers
attired In overcoats were grouped out
side a tent erected on the float. The men
were seated and standing. Arms were
'stacked and a campftre waa burning. Sus
pended by branches was the- old kettle.
El Jebel Drum Corps of Denver, sixty
five strong, attired in zouave uniforms, led,
the members of El Jebel Temple. Charles
A. Trac'ey, J. C. Legget and Samuel B.
Miller were aids to the marshal.
DRILLING ON THE MARCH.
Forty members of El Jebel Temple,
comprising the drill corps, went through
difficult evolutions as they marched- Their
efforts were highly appreciated by the*
people that lined the sidewalks. After
them, came 100 members of the tribe at
tired In /evening dress. Each member
wore a fez and carried a cane tied with
colored ribbons. In order came Abdallah
Temple, El Zagal Temple; El Zaribah
Temple, sixty strong, from Arizona; Isla
Temple, Sesostris Temple and Tangier
Temple. All were in evening attire and
carried lights and canes. Many of the
temples had yells, which they gave in
hearty fashion.
Following the second division was a
float representing a Southern plantation.
Negroes dressed in the'r unique costumes
stood before an o!d cabin and sang songs.
A field of cotton was represented very
cleverly. Old mammies gazed at the
crowd through bowglasses and picka
ninnies danced about in glee..
G. H. G. McBrlde and Charles A. Bene
dict were marshals of the. second division..
A band was led by three fantastically at
tired cakewalkers, who moved gracefully
down the line In step with ragtime music
discoursed by the band. Members of
Mecca Temple rode in a carriage and
threw ribbons of varl-colored papers,
which were caught by the bystanders.
In line were members of Mecca Temple.
Aleppo Temple, Boumi Temple, Cyprus
Continued on Page Seven.
Unique Features of Procession Provoke Extraordinary
Enthusiasm Along the Line of March.
ONE OF THE THRILLING FEATURES OF THE NIQHT PARADE WHICH PROVOKED APPLAUSE.
ENTHUSIASTIC THOUSAND WITNESS EVENING
PARADE OF MYSTIC SHRINERS WHICH PROVES TO BE THE
MOST BRILLIANT SPECTACLE EVER SEEN IN SAN FRANCISCO
PRICE FIVE CENTS. ..
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,, JTJNE 1, 1902.The Supervisors hope to avoid any seri
ous complications by entering Into some
agreement with the United Railroads re
garding a right of way for the Geary
street road to the ferry.
It Is more than five blocks on Market
street from Kearny street, the terminus
of the Geary street road, to the ferry,
but when the United Railroads absorbed
the Sutter street system it was thought
at once that a way was open for the city
to extend the Geary street line to the
water front if it acquired that line. That
was by extending it along Kearny street
after converting it into an electric road
to Pine and down Tine to Market and
over the Market street lines to the ferry.
Now that It is known that the Sutter
street Railway Company retains Its right
of way to the ferry a different aspect la
put on the proposition of extending tha
Geary-street line to the water front. The
retention of the franchise from Sansomo
street to the ferry by the Slutter-street
Company Is looked upon as a shrewd
move on the part of Interested persons to
prevent- the extension of the Geary-street
line.
Two lines of street railways, operated under
different management, may be permitted to uso
the same street, but In no case must two lines
operated under different management occupy
and use the same street or tracks for the dis
tance of more than five blocks consecutively.
These franchises were granted in 1879
for a period of fifty years, and terminate
in 1929. - .-'*'•
Section 499 of the Civil Coda reads aa
follows: -- ¦* - - ¦ * . . --=' .--,—•-.^<
Section 5 of order 1525 of the Sutter
street railroad franchise on Market street
Is couched in similar terms.
It shall be lawful for the Board of Super
visors of the city and county of San Fran
cisco to grant to one other corporation, and no
more, th.e right to. use either of the aforesaid
streets for a distance of five blocks, and no
more, upon the terms and conditions specified
ln the . 499th section of the Civ 11 Cod« ot this
State. This section shall apply to persona and
companies as well aa corporations.
It has reached the ears of. some or tn«
Supervisors that the Geary Street Rail
way Company has another matter that 11
is ready to spring In the hope of discour
aging the acquirement by the city of this
line. Though this point is new to the Su*
pervisors, it is evidently not ' so to tlK
Geary-street corporation and its coming tc
light probably explains why the United
Railroads Company did not acquire thai
portion of the Sutter-street system. Iron
Sansome street to the ferry, when it ab
sorbed the rest of that system.
Section S of order 1514 of the Mar
ket-street railway franchise on Market
street, from the ferry to Seventeenth,
reads as follows: i
Blocked.
Geary-Street Company
Says the Way Is
LINE TO FERRY
THE QUESTION
If it doesn't' work well a little adjusting
do without charge. We are selling agents
may be all that it requires, -which we can
for Waterman's Ideal and Swan Fountain
Pens; and sole agents ; for the Marshall
the»best $1 pen in the world. Sanborn
Vail & Co. . ¦ • '
How Is: Your jFountain- Pen P
Golf at Burlingame Club.
The Burllngame Country Club will be
the scene of a women's golf tournament
on Independence day. The trophy- will
be the Prince PoniatowEki cup. This is to
be won twice by the same player before
becoming her , property. Airs. George
Doubleday (Miss Moffltt), Mrs. L. I. Scott
(Miss Crockett), and Mrs. Brown have
each won the cup once.
During the morning the pigeon shooters
will have their annual. shoot for the Caro
lan cup. There will be music on the club
house veranda.' I
ST. PAUL, ; June 10.— Danny Shea, short
stop of the local American Association
baseball team, was arrested last 'night as
he was taking a. train for San Francisco
where he expected to join Captain Shu
gart's ball team, on a- charge of securing
money by false pretenses. .The local man
agement believed that , . he- proposed • to
jump his contract, and claimed that he
had drawn $150 more than was due.- He
was arraigned in court to-day. After a
conference with Captain Kelly he pleaded
guilty of breaking the "lumber jack law,"
paid a fine of. $25 and promised to repay
$138 which he had overdrawn. He will be
allowed to join the San Francisco team
without further trouble.
Danny j Shea Is Arrested.
PRINCET.OH, .Ho., June 10.— Daniel Porter
a wealthy farmer, was shot and probably fatal
ly wounded by his 18-year-old Bon here to-day.
A dispute arose as to which should use the
buggy. ¦ , . . .... .
SEATTLE, June 10.— There is now little
doubt that Charles Hill, who died in a
hospital at Los Angeles, leaving $142,000
in cash, was Michael Hill, the long lost
father of Mrs. H. Wllcox, Henry V Hill
and Henrietta Hill of Seattle. Miss' Hill
the youngest member, of the family and
the last of the children to see her father
alive, has written to the hospital author
ities in Los Angeles, giving a description
of her parent, and if the resemblance tal
lies one of the family will go to California
at once to establish Identification
Miss Hill lives with her blind "brother
at 230?) Main street. She has been a resi
dent of Seattle for the past thirteen years
and tip to two years^ago she was con
stantly searching for her father, who di4
appeared from the family home in Mil
was^lltUe^gTrr^ 8 &B °' When Ml3a ™
"For the past two years I have Dras
tically given up the search for father"
said Henrietta Hill to-night, "and I did
not pay much attention to the fact th«t»
man named Hill died in Los Angelea ,m
til a local paper printed an interview Vifh
Alexander Allen- I remember Sat^
Allen was an old friend of r the TfamUv
When he said so positively that h<T h£
lieved the dead man to be father I betSn
to hope that perhaps | t waa he after aU
and 1 wrote to the hospital people at Lo"
"Father left Milwaukee twenty years
ago. when I was a child, and told me then
that, should he die, I was to. have all his
money. My father had no bad habits of
any kind, but he was an eccentric cha?a?
ter, and it would have been Just like him
to tell those around his death bed that h£
had not a friend or relative Ton earth H?
disliked the name of Michael and used to
say that that name should have been left
In the old countrv. My mother died ln
Seattle eight years ago, without know
ing where my father was, or whether he
was dead or alive."
MAY CLEAR MYSTEB.Y
OF HTLL'S IDENTITY
Bock Island. Route Excursions
J>av« San Franclaco every Wednesday and
Bnaday. via. Rio Grande and Rock Island Ra.ll
•p-ays, and via. Los Angeles and £1 Paso every
Bunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Reek Island Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones, General
Agtr.t Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st. *
Promises .o Continue the
> Present Foreign : ,
; Policy.
PARIS, June 10.— In the Chamber of
T>eputies to-day the Premier, M. Combes,
made the Ministerial declaration. It was
on the lines of the. synopsis cabled on
June 7, and was received in silence by the
Moderates and Right, while the Radicals,
and Radical-Socialists warmly applauded.
In concluding his remarks the President
said:
Never lofins sight of the superior perm
anent interests of the country, our foreign
policy will continue the alliance of which
France and Russia equally appreciate the
beneficent action, and in which universal opin
ion sees an essential guarantee of the world's
equilibrium. We nhall cultivate relations and
friendships which have been happily developed
or renewed and which are facilitated by com
munity" of orleln. proximity or similarity of
Institutions and history. Respectful of others'
rights we shall devote ourselves to maintaining
intact the moral and material patrimony of
France.
The Chamber decided to discuss inter
pellations on the Government's pro
gramme Thursday.
Divorce for Mrs. Beal.
SAN RAFAEL, June 10.— Judge Ange
lotti yesterday granted Lillian Beal a
divorce from Ray C. Beal on statutory
grounds.
Modern airships are a success — as dime
museum attractions.
WESTERN LEAGUE. •
• DES MOINES," -Iowa, June 10. — Score: De3
Moines 2, Omaha 3. ' •¦ .
PHILADELPHIA, June 10.— Cincinnati hit
Duggleby . hard in the innings in -which the
runs were made. Philadelphia could not hit
Ewlng. Attendance 1042. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 1 7 1
Cincinnati ,.. ¦. .-...10, 17 1
Batteries — Duggleby and Dooln; Ewing and
Peitz. Umpire— Emslle.
NEW YORK, June 10.— St. Louis defeated
New York in the' first game of the series on
the Polo Grounds to-day, the score being 3 to
2. Poor base running and two error3 by the
home team were responsible for the defeat. At
tendance 2110. Score:
.'¦:'• ¦ ' -. • ¦. R. ¦ H. E.
St. Louis 3 0 5
New York ;•••'•• 2 9 2
Batteries — Dunham and J. O'Nell; Evans arid
Bowerman. Umpire— Powers and Brown
BOSTON, June 10. — Bfeston il, Chicago 7;
game called at the end of the third Inning on
account of rain. ..-.'.
BROOKLYN, June 10. — Brooklyn took the
first game of the series from Pittsburg to-day
Umpire O'Day put Dolan out of the game for
protesting. Ward was substituted. -Attendance
4500. Score :¦.--•««'.{ ¦;•.-•
-';/, '¦•¦; v -. t..R.'., H. E.
Pittsburg 4, 8 2
Brooklyn .....5 5 3
Batteries — Doheny- and- Smith; Hughes and
Ahsarn. Umpire-^O'Day. : v : ,
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
. WASHINGTON, June 10.— In the ab
sence of any ofllcial advices on the sub
ject the officials here are in the dark as
to. the reasons for the hurried departure
of the -German -warships for Venezuela,
as reported in the St. Thomas dispatch.
Germany has a big claim .against Vene
zuela—that, of the Berlin Company, of
Discount— for the non-performance of en
gagements which the Venezuelan Govern
ment-has undertaken in connection with
the great Venezuelan Railroad built by
the Government. The claim approximates
6,000,000 bolivars. One. inference, and it is
merely that, as, there is no official infor
mation upon which to base a statement,
is that Germany has sent her vessels to
La Guaira to enforce the payment of the
claim, as Venezuela has not attempted to
meet the? obligation. v The diplomatic cor
resppndeiice pf the State Department
shows that Germany has considered the
question" of coercion in connection with
the payment of the claim...
ST. -THOMAS, D. W. I., June 10.— The
German cruiser Falke sailed for La Gualra,
Venezuela, yesterday . and the German
cruiser Gazette sailed for the same port
to-day, under hurried orders from Berlin.
Paying a Claim Must Be
Explained.
Impression Prevails That Delay in
GERMAN WARSHIPS
HURRY*, TO. VENEZUELA
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich:, June 10—At
torney Thomas M. McGarry was todav
convicted by a jury in the Allegan Circuit
Court at Allegan of the charge of bribery
in connection with the Lake Michigan
water supply scandal. >He was granted a
change of venue, on the ground that "he
could not secure a fair trial in this city.'
The trial has been in progress for four
weeks and conviction was .practically, on
the same testimony that convicted Citv
Attorney Salsbury and~H. A. -Taylor an
Eastern capitalist who furnished ' the
funds. - .» ;,• .• . ¦
Gardner, however, is lost sight of in the
scandal that his conviction unfolds. He
was the amahuensls of Mayor Ames, and
the prosecution sought to show that such
bribes as he accepted were taken with at
least the connivance of executive mem
bers of the city administration. Police
Chief Ames, brother of the Mayor, is now
under indictment -and "will toe - placed on
trial within a few: days.
The State's case rested upon the testi
mony of men who asserted that money
was regularly paid to Gardner, and that
he distributed It among the members of
the administration, the consideration be
ing immunity from police
not only of shark gaming establishments,
but of various other places of crime, in
cluding social evil resorts.. It was the
claim of the prosecution that a complete
system had been; perfected whereby the
victims of the -protected criminals were
persuaded to leave '• town after having
been victimized. It Js alleged. that Detec
tive Lorbeck, who : will -go on trial to
morrow under Indictment for receiving a
bribe, was charged with the task of get
ting rid of these victims. .
MINNEAPOLIS, June lO.-Irwin A.
Gardner was found guilty to-night of
having accepted a bribe as special officer
to procure police protection for shark
gaming establishments. The specific
charge was that Gardner had accepted $25
from Billy Edwards, who has since been
convicted of gambling. , .".
Says Reason Has Returned.
SAN JOSE. June 10. — John Ryan, a well
known resident of this cliy, petitioned the
Superior Court to-day for 1 a restoration
to his mental capacity. Some years ago
Ryan was committed to Agnews Asylum,
and ln January. 1900, was discharged as
Cured. The old man possessed considera
ble property, and a son, Thomas P. Ryan,
was appointed as his guardian. He now
asserts that he . has . fully, recovered his
reason, and asks the court to declare him
mentally responsible, so that he can man
ege his own affairs. The petition will b^
heard before Judge Hyland on June 27.
Sensational Scandal in
Minneapolis Is Un
folded.
FRANCE'S NEW
PREMIER TALKS
CITY OFFICIALS
ARE IMPLICATED
Batteries— Siever. and McGuirej.'Wiltse, Hust
ings and Powers. .. , . /\ .* ;
CLEVELAND, June 10. — After I.Bernhard had
been knocked out of the box In twp innings
Lundbom went in and held Baltimore down to
four hits and three runs. . Howell was knocked
out of the box in the fifth. His support was
very poor. Attendance 1574. Score:
- -.; ¦ ¦-¦ R; - h: e.
Cleveland. ... . .:..... 10.', 14 l
Baltimore .....;..... ....;... 7.- 10 5
Batteries — Bernhard, Lundbom and Wood;
Howell, Lawson and Robinson.
Philadelphia 4
Batteries— Garvin and Sullivan;. Patten and
Clarke. ., . ." .. ¦. .. ...
DETROIT, June 10.— The home team
bunched five hits and three stolen; bases in the
fifth inning.. . Thi3 combination netted four
runs and won the game, giving Detroit three
out 1 of the series of four. Attendance 2000.
Score : v " '
-— -v R- H. E.
Detroit ....8 12 1
Chicago '. 4
"Washington ..¦ 3.-
ST. LOUIS, June . 10. — Boston broke even
with St. fxmis by taking to-day's game. The
local team landed on Dineen in the eighth' in
ning and nearly tied the score. Attendance
2500. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Loui^ 4 8 8
Boston «.. 5 10 0
Bafterles — Harper and Moloney; Dineen and
Warner.
CHICAGO, June' 10.—^3arvln was invincible
after the second Inning, ' when two singles and
Clarke's four-bagger gave the visitors all their
runs. Attendance 2250. Score: . '
;R. H. E.
First Bemhard Is Batted Out of the
Box and Then Howell Gets the
Same Treatment. .
. . . .. AMERICAN LEAGUE. ..."
TWO PITCHERS RETIRE
IN. CLEVELAND GAME
publican State Convention to
morrow. Ex-Senator William M. Brown
of Newcastle will be nominated for Lieu
tenant Governor and Major Isaac B.
Brown of Erie will be the candidate for
Secretary of Internal Affairs.
Senator Quay expects to succeed Gen
eral Frank Reeder of Easton as chairman
of the Republican State Committee and
to conduct the campaign this fall. At
tcrney General John P. Elkin of Indiana
is still battling for the nomination for
Governor, but his most sanguine, ad
herents concede Pennypacker' s nomina-
HARRISBURG, Pa., June 10.—
Judge Samuel W. Pennypacker
of Philadelphia will likely be the
nominee for Governor of the Re-.
Several times during the committee
meeting Senator Quay, leader of the Pen
n> packer forces, and . Attorney General
Eikln, who was in personal command of
his adherents, shook their fingers ln each
other's face and threatened political re
prisals if each was not given fair treat
ment in the disposition of the contested
seats in the convention. State Chairman
Reeder accused Senator Quay of making
deliberate misstatements, and the Senator
irttantly replied that this was an~tnsult
which he resented. The Pennypacker.
forces had a decisive majority in the com
mittee, and United States Senator Pen
rose was named for temporary chairman.
Both the Pennypacker and Elkin dele-"
gates held caucuses to-night to agree
upon a plan of action. The Watres dele
gates attended the Pennypacker confer
ence. : Senator Penrose will be temporary
chairman of the convention and Congress
man Sibley of Franklin was slated for
permanent chairman.
The Pennypacker-Watres caucus was
attended by 206 delegates, 180 being neces
psry to control the convention.
• A poll of the delegates this afternoon
showed that there exists an unexpected
bjtterness between the leaders of the rival
fatclons. Elkin, ho.wever, is pledged in
h!s speeches during the .campaign to stand
by. the ticket, and it is naturally expected
that his adherents will do likewise.
tlon. Elkin said to-night that he would
stay in the fight to the finish; and that
his name would be presented in the con
vention. Lieutenant Governor Watres of
Scranton practically took himself out of
the contest when his delegates partici
pated in to-night's caucus called by the
Pcnnypacker managers. Watres' name
also will go before the convention, and
the indications are that he will poll about
2"> of the 258 votes in the gathering. -> -
Oregon— Increase — Dominlck Ca va naugh,
Portland, J8; Robert M. Wickham, Oregon
City. $12; John J. Paddock, The Dalles,
510. : ; .
Washington— Increase— Herman Culver,
Port Angeles, $12.
These patents were Issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Henry B. Cary, Los Angeles, word
counting attachment for typewriting ma
chines; Thomas E. Clark, Visalia. device
for perforating well casings; Willis G.
Dodd, San Francisco, ore concentrator;
Thomas B. Draper, San" Francisco, and
G. T. Lyon, East Oakland, fire starter or
gas heater; Arthur W. Edwards, Sacra
mento, acetylene gas apparatus; James
Garretty, Pinole, tube machine; Achilles
Giacomlnl, San-Francisco; assignor to A.
White, Vallejo, button-sewing machine;
same, starting or stopping mechanism;
August Johnson, San Francisco, oil burn
er; John R. Koaetsky, -assignor one-half
to W. A. Schrock, San Francisco, con
necting joints for bedsteads; Eripk G.
Lundquist, Los Angeles, bed rail; Francis
M. McCum, Chico, plow attachment; Rob
ert B. Moore, San Francisco, hoop plug;
Napman Paulsen, Jolon, clearing attach
ment for harrows; James B. Payne, Han
ford, assignor to Hanfbrd OH Burner
Company, Limited, oil burner; Ernest O.
Pieper, San 'Jose, support and switch for
electric dental instruments; George H
Bwarthout, assignor one-half lo Thomas
L. Smith, Placervllle, pipe wrench.
Washington— Fredrick G. Jordon, Spo
kane, making cement; Barnct'M. Whit
ing, Spokane, weather strip.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— The Postoffice
Department announced: Postmasters
commissioned: California— Nelson B.Stan
ton, Avalon; Harriet Sharp, Buntingville.
"Washington— Henry T.-Cayou, Decatur;
William Colbert, Dragoon; Elmer J. Glf
lord, Gifford. Postmasters appointed:
California— H. A. Slayton, Lang, Los An
geles County, vice C. H. Ciayton, re
signed. Washington— J. L. Cowan, Dart
ford, Spokane County, vice H. W. Dart,
resigned; M. J. Hills, Highland. Spokane
County, vice Nathan Leigh, resigned; W.
L. Murphy, Keller, Perry County, vice E.
B. McGuire, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Thomas F. Wells, San Jose,
58; Henry Mathey, Fruitland, IS; Horace
A. B. Cook. Perris, $6. War, with Spain-
Jacob Mengel, San Francisco, $6. In
crease—Justus H. Cole. Stewards Point,
$12; Rebecca M. Liening. Colusa, J*.
ment and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Depart-
OF INTEREST TO ; PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
TWO PENNSYLVANIA STATES
MEN WHO ARE LEADING THE
PENNYPACKER FORCES.
Mrs. Baker responded, thanking the
Mayor for the cordial welcome, and paid
a tribute to the worth of the Nativo
Daughters. She was followed by Mr. By
ington, who spoke at some length on the
v/ork that the Native Sons and Daughters
have commenced — that of preserving his
torical landmarks and collecting material
for a full history of the country.
~ The speechmaking was followed by vo
cal selections by Miss Etta O'Brien and
E. C. Boysen, after which icecream and
cakes were served. Dancing followed.
There was to have been a presentation
to Mrs. Baker, but It was decided to post
pone that until to-morrow night.
At the session yesterday for the first
time in ten years all the past grand presi
dents were present.
Xast evening there was a reception in
Native Sons' Hall in honor of the grand
officers and delegates. Owing to the pro
cession of the Shriners it was half-past 9
before the hall, which was decorated In
yhite and gold, with a curtain of green
leaves and popples for a background, be
gan to be filled. At that hour Mayor
Schmitz, accompanied by Grand President
Mrs. Baker and Grand President Lewis
F» Byington of the Native Sons, appeared
on the stage, when the Mayor was Intro
duced by Mrs. Julia A. Steinbach of Alta
Parlor. He delivered a short address of
welcome to the Native Daughters, and
said he hoped that the session of the
Grand Parlor would continue to the end
ln that peaceful harmony which marked
the first day's session. He said that the
fair daughters of the Golden State can
prove an important factor in the develop
ment of the State and that the members
of the order will do all ln their power to
maintain . its supremacy and glory. He
said that earlier in the day he had given
the keys of the city to another organiza
tion, but that as the doors were wide open
the Native Daughters were also welcome
to enter and enjoy the freedom of the
metropolis by the sea.
In the afternoon the committee on
credentials presented its report ln favor
of seating all the delegates, but there was
objection to some of the delegates whose
credentials were presented and this led to
a discussion upon the right of these to be
admitted, which lasted until 6:30 o'clock,
and finally when a vote was taken- the
report was. adopted and the delegates
seated. - .
An adjournment was then taken until
this morning, when the committees will
be named, the reports of the grand officers
will be presented and If Is probable that
the nominations for grand officers will be
made. There are two offices for which
there will be a contest— grand president
and grand- secretary. Miss Eliza D. Keith
the vice president, will be placed In nomi
nation for the highest office and It Is
stated that some one will be named in op
position to her. For the office of grand
secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes, the in
cumbent, will be placed in nomination and
her opponent will be Elizabeth F. Doug
lass of Alta Parlor.
Miss Mae B. Wllkin, past grand presi
dent; Miss Alice Ticoulet and Mrs. Julia
A. Steinbach were appointed the press
committee, after which the committee on
credentials, consisting of Mrs. H. M.
Greene of Buena Vista Parlor, Mrs, M.
Yates of Ema Crockett Parlor and Mrs.
Ada Landers of Ramona Parlor, was in
structed to report at the afternoon ses
sion. Each delegate was presented a
badge and a neat gold pin 40 fasten the
same. It consists of a circle of laurel
with a bar on- the top, on which are the
initials of the order, and from the bow
hangs a small star on which is engraved
"1902." The grand and- past grand officers
were also each presented such a memento.
The sixteenth annual session of the
Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West opened yesterday morn
ing, in Native Sons' Hall and after the
opening ceremonies there was presented
to Grand . President Mrs. G. W. Baker
beautiful flowers, the offerings of Buena
Vista Parlor, of which she is a member,
and of personal friends. . ';..
•At a- meeting of the owners of the
threatened vineyards it was decided to pe
tition the County Board of Horticulture to
authorize . the burning over of all of the
waste breeding ground of the hoppers.
Fearing that such action might result in
damage for which they would be person
ally responsible, the board refused to act
and the farmers ore $hus left to carry out
their fight themselves. ' -^ j -*- —
BERKELEY, June 10.— In a report re
ceived to-day by Professor E. W. Hil
grard, head of the agricultural station at
the University of California, Warren T.
Clarke," the entomologist sent Into the
Roseville district to combat the threatened
niRgue of grasshoppers, says that the
pest Is growing to proportions which are
unmanageable and predicts a serious loss
to the agriculturists as a result. He fur
ther states that the danger is greatly in
creased by the refusal of the County
Board of Horticulture to take any-con
certed action toward checking the ad
vance of the devouring army of insects.
The breeding ground of the pest covers
some 3000 acres of. wast? lands, according
to Clarke's report, and the vast army of
hoppers is advancing 300 feet a day in the
direction of the vineyards. The crop value
of the threatened district Is estimated- at;
$150,008. ¦ • .••*- •
sity Reports That Heavy Loss
Will Ensue.
Entomologist Clark of State Univer-
GRASSHOPPER ARMY
t ¦ ADVANCES TTNCHECE^D
ST. LOUIS, June 10. — Fair Grounds results:
First: race, six . furlonfjs, selling — Blue Mint
won, Navarlno second, Florrie S third. Time,
1:16..
Second race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Grand Shot won, Au Revolr secoad, Adiron
dack third. Time, 1:01^.*
Third race, steeplechase, one mile and a half
— Pat My Boy won. Buck O*Dowd second. Hes
itate third. Time. 3:00. .
Fourth- race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse — South Breeze won, Lady Strathmore
second, Found third. Time, 1:44%.
Fifth race, one mile and three-sixteenths,
selling — Cogswell won, • Gilbert second. Ignis
third. Time. 1 2:005i.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
Terra Incognita won, "Eda Riley second, Zazel
third. Time. 1:54%.
NEW YORK. June 10. — Gravesend results:
First race, about six. furlongs, two-year
olds, handlcap-^-Onatas won,",Witch Hazel sec
ond, Bensonliurst third. Time, 1:11" 1-5.
Second race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Flying Buttress won. Smart Set sec
ond. Numeral third. TimeV 1 :47 4-5.
Third race.- the Hanover stakes, for two
year-olds, five furlong's — Plater won, Sergeant
second, Fort Wayrie- third. /-Time, 1:01. :• ¦ .
• ' Fourth ,' race, - ' sjeeplecrfiae "handicap, labout
two miles— Adjidatimo wonl Foolhardy second,
Boisterous third. Time.. m55. .
Fifth race, about six f»lonea — Smoke won,
Sister Juliet second, JRiati third. Time,
1:09 3-6. T
Sixth race, one mllejBnd a furlong, selling —
Caithness won, Rocky* second,- Prince Richard
third. .Time. 1:54%. ,,. .... lX7 , .
CHICAGO,"June ib ;7 ?aarlem rifeultsi ".
First race, five furtongs — Farmer Jim. won,
Flo Carlin second, Jo'se^te third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
Second race; six'aftd a half vfurlongs-^-Ethel
"Wheat won, imp. Rose Tree second, Ice King
third. Time, 1 :22 2-5/
, Third race, one mile and 100 yards—Cher
ished won., vlncennes second, Banish third.
Time. 1:50 1-5. .,- ¦¦- ¦ . ¦
Fourth . race, one mile and a sixteenth —
Aladdin won, McChesney- second, Bragg third.
Time. 1:49 3-5. v
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sidney C. Love
won. Early second, Mlrance third. Time,
1:02 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and 100 yards — Rasselas
won, Birdie D second, John Drake third. Time,
1:49 3-5.
CINCINNATI. June 10. — Latonla summary:
First race, six furlongs — Juanette won, At
more second, Jim Nap third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, one. mile— rDrummond won.
Boaster second, Colonel Anderson third. Time,
1-A2%. ' ¦ ¦• . v -u
Third race, five furlongs — Joe . Buckley won,
Landin second, Sinner Simon third. Time,
1:02. '
Fourth race. Merchants' stake, one mile —
Alard won, . Jim Clark Becond, Alfred Var
grave third. Time, 1:40^4.
Fifth race, five furlong-s— Watoma won.
Flora WHIoughby second, Deborah third. Time,
1:02%. - -
Sixth race, six furlongs — Prince of Melroso
won, Bobb Baker second, .Oconee third. ¦ Time,
1:15.
BUFFALO, June 10. — Fort Erie summary:
First race, six furlongs — Huntressa won,
Zonne second, Imp. Albula third. Time, 1:18%.-
Second .race, four and a half furlongs — Stand
Pat won, Au Fait second. Kite third. Time,
:59.
Third race, one mile — Radford won. Bean
second. Jack McGinn third. Time, 1:461$.,.
Fourth race, Canadian Derby, mile and a
quarter — Red Robe won, Dubious second, Matt
Spencer third. Time, 2:17Vi-
Fifth race, half mile — Laura F M won. Lori
nel second. On the Quint third. Time, . :51%- ''
Sixth race, steeplechase, short course — Vcrna
K won, Sauber second, ' Mango third. Time,
3:11%. ' - • "¦ ' .- _r. ¦
Hildreth's Derby Candidate Downed
by the Bennett Colt — Results
. . on Various Tracks.
McCHESNEY IS SECONT>
TO ALADDIN AT HARLEM
Native Daughters Begin
Session of Grand
Parlor.
CREDENTIALS
CAUSE DEBATE
The dispatch from Hermoslllo also
states that a band of 100 Yaquis held up
the stage which runs between Hermosillo
and Ures at El Gavilan, a small place
fifteen miles from Ures. The driver was
killed, but the one passenger, an Ameri
can, was left unharmed. The Indians
took the arms in possession of the driver
and the American and everything of
value, including the express aboard the
stage, but the mail sack, which had been
concealed, was left untouched. A party
of volunteer soldiers set out from Ures
and escorted the belated stage to that
town.
General Torres is encouraged by this
victory and is preparing to pursue the re
treating and demoralized band.
News of the victory was received with
rejoicing in Hermosillo.
The attack was led by 500 mounted men
of his command. The Yaquis made a de
termined stand, but the forces of General
Torres gained their position on the first
advance and the Indians began a des
perate fight to cut their way out at the
rear. It was here that the greater num
ber of Yaquis fell. They succtseded in
carrying off the majority of their wound
ed, retreating toward the Mazatan Moun
tains, in the direction of Nacori.
General Torres had been advised in de
tail of their position by loyal Yaqui
scouts, and advancing with all the forces
at his command succeeded ln completely
surrounding them.
The Yaquis had taken jap what they be
lieved to be an impregnable position at
Santa Rosa, a ranch in the foothills of
the Mazatan Mountains, thirty miles
south of Ures. They were strongly en
trenched behind a row of hills heavily
wooded with scrub oak, and were well
supplied with water and provisions. They
also had a good store of arms and am
munition.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 10.— A late dis
patch from the Hennosillo correspondent
of El Correo de Sonora says that a mes
senger has just arrived • at Hermosillo
bringing the latest details of Sunday's
decisive battle between 2500 Mexican sol
diers and a force of Yaqui Indians esti
mated at 800 braves. Twenty-four Mexi
cans were killed, including several of
ficers, and more than 100 Yaquis were
slain. The Mexican army took over 200
prisoners, the majority of whom were
women and children left behind by the
retreating Yaquis. The latter left eighty
dead on the field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 10.— An earth
quake shock was felt in Los Angeles
shortly before 7 o'clock to-night. .The vi
brations seemed to be from east td' west
and continued several' seconds. No alarm
was felt and no damage is reported. The
weather/ to-day was unsettled. Heavy
black clouds hung above the mountains,
and about 2-o'clock this afternoon a light
shower fell here, accompanied by thunder.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 10. -This lo
cality was visited by a terrific thunder
storm this evening, accompanied by a
brilliant electrical display. Shortly before
7 o'clock two shocks of earthquake were
felt, the first coming at 6:45 and the sec
ond two minutes later, each lasting about
thirty seconds. The vibrations were from
north to south and were so violent as to
shake the most- substantial buildings ln
town, causing some excitement.
INDIO, June . 10.— t hree earthquake
shocks were felt here at 6:48 o'clock this
evening. ' ¦
SAN DIEGO, June 10.— A light earth
quake shock was felt here this evening
at 6:49 o'clock, standard time. It was a
gentle swaying or rocking motion, lasting
five seconds, without sharp or violent
shocks and preceded and accompanied by
faint, dull . rumblings. There were five or
six of the. oscillations; which were cumu
lative in their .effect in making chande
liers and other hanging objects sway. A
simple pendulum seismograph recorded by
a needle oh smoked glass showed the first
earth movement to be : southweet one
quarter, northwest one-sixteenth, north
east three-eighths , south three^eighths
and southwest one-fourth. Only one shock
was felt. : . "'• ¦:. ¦ - : .-, ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Railroad officials . assert that the grass
hoppers are so thick in some places that
It is > impossible to run handcars, while
even locomotives slip on the rails. It is
believed that the only salvation of -the
farmers and orchardists is In applying the
torch in the open places and thus saving
the valuable trees and vines from destruc
tion by the 'hoppers, which devour every
vestige of green growth.
The same condltions^exist at Fair Oaks,
where a public meeting was held to-night,
at which- measures for .protection against
the grasshoppers" were resolved upon. It
is estimated- that 30,000; - acres between
Roseville and Newcastle, ¦ Placer County,
are affected. -: •
The Orangevale '. people assert that
unless the' 'hoppers' are destroyed within
thirty-six hours $100,000- worth *of property
will _be .ruined. .Y The -'hoppers are begin
ning;to ,fly and . the .ruin of vast orchards
of orange trees and" hundreds of acres of
vines is feared. '.'/.'.,-:¦¦' V- ' : "' .¦ • ¦•¦¦
SACRAMENTO, June 10.— The farmers
and , orchardists in the lower portions of
Placer County and the northeastern sec
tion- of Sacramento County are greatly
alarmed over the. visitation of grasshop
pers.' Last night the residents of Orange
vale held a public meeting to consider the
danger. A : committee of . forty was ap
pointed- to. 'apply the torch to all fields
owned by committee members and neigh
bors; or controlled by the Orangevale
Colonizatipn Company. The committee
was engaged. in ; this work all this after
noon, when- one of the land owners \yhose
fields would have gone. up in smoke pro
tested and - threatened to call on the
Sheriff to protect his- property:' The of
ficers of the Orangevale Company in Sac
ramento .were, appealed to and sent back
word to fireball the. fields if necessary to
aid in the destruction of the pest, and the
company ¦ would" be prepared tft stand all
lawsuits..- ;.v.Y; .':.'". -:-¦.•:.
Ececial^ Dispatch to The Call.
Retreating Indians Succeed
in Carrying Cff Their
Wounded.
Thunder Storm Prec9des the
Disturbance in Some
Districts.
Prospective Heavy Losses in
Sacramento and Placer
Counties.
Farmers Adopt Heroic
Measures Against
Grasshoppers.
One Hundred Braves Are
Killed in the Santa
Rosa Battle.
Residents Below Teha
chapi Feel Slight
Quake.
PENNYPACKER IN LEAD
for the Governorship
Pennsylvania Republicans Are Ready for the
Fray--Senator Quay Expects to Be
come Chairman of the State Committee
FLEEING YAQUIS
ABANDON DEAD
TEMBLOR JARS
THE SOUTHLAND
FIGHTING INSECT
ARMY WITH FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY; JUNE 11, 1902
Baseball at Oakland.
Oakland and San Francisco are tint
headliners In the baseball world this
week. They will commence a series of
six games this afternoon at Oakland.
or Meredith will do box otunta
"for Harris, while Schmidt or Cristall wilt
officiate for. Ewing.
2
JOHN J. FTTLTON CO.
How It reddens^the skin,":. itches; oozes,
dries and scales! ¦¦-- : •-.'¦¦¦. :-i.» • V: v/'v:-v>
Some people -call it tetter;, milk crust or
salt rheum. ..- .: ,-
The suffering from it is Bometimes in-
tense; local applications are resorted to—
they mitigate, but cannot cure.
It proceeds from humors inherited or
acquired and persists until these have
been removed. '- ' . * - ..
Hood's Sarsaparilld
Positively removes them, has radically
and permanently cured the worst cases
and la without an equal for all cutaneous
eruptions.
Hood's Pills are the best cathartic. Price 20c.
Sczema
Bright's Disease and Diabetes
Are Posi:ively Curabla.
Physicians
An Offer to
Nevertheless the specific has been found
and people cured or recovering from theao
hitherto fatal diseases are in every ward
In this city. And the recoveries are not
the exception, but the rule, for nearly
nine-tenths of all cases within thirty
days turn toward recovery, and it Is thea
simply a question of care, diet and per-
sistency.
Recent recoveries include two druggists
and two city physicians, and many physi-
cians have prescribed the Pulton Cora-
pounds, and have, therefore, had their
previous opinions reversed. But to con-
vince those who bave not we have now to
say that we will give to any reputable
physician In this city, who has either
Bright's disease or diabetes, the treat-
ment for six weeks without charge. He
will by that time know he can recover.
The only consideration we ask ln . return
is that when he Is well on the road to re-
covery he will admit It and tell his broth-
er physicians whatjla doing it.
We will be glad to mall to those Inter-
ested a copy of the printed report cover-
ing the investigation and detailing the
test cases that decided the. members of
this corporation to purchase' the'tormulae
and announce to the world the cure of
Bright's disease and diabetes.. Address
Jno. J. Fulton Co., Mills "building San
Francisco. k ~.
We can -well understand the hesitancy
of physicians in believing that chronic
Brlghfs disease and diabetes are curable,
for education and experience have kept
before them the Incurability of both.
And. as if to fasten in the mind of the
medical student the hopelessness of a
cure, one text book says: "Tou may aa
well attempt to cure gray hair or wrin-
kles."
Mellin's Food children
represent perfect and
healthy childhood. Mellin's
Food will give your baby
health, strength and a good
development.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OP MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON. MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«i *? l^'^lip ll tte IDE; L A ' flT IAN0 cf th8 Wcrld
2' Jlv— S§9 *t=i <S^^jr Every feature Is distinctive and bu-
n &2C^^Jr X. ri ' * y perior and the quality- of tone em-;
( || r-iJ^fW^^ 1 ,i _, iVy.W bodies the highest range of human genius.
U CTSpkS(y\ ' IX Vv\\l and art ' n Piano construction. In Bhort, it ¦
B^9VQrR\\^ • i^\\l l * th * modem piano with all the modern .
1 V V^MlYk-'j '•^* vis. superiorities over old-time methods of con-
H V53>ii^SM (I 1 fl/fc^ \7^l If you want % hl *n grade piano — one that . '
fl > |\| \tll\Pyyy/1 ha * no e< * ual ln tfl e world, and that is in-
f- I ¦£%] n\\\\\yyy%6l <Joi*ed and used by the world's greatest
fl V^Sf WiWl&Z^^ musicians and pianists, buy an EVERETT. ¦":¦
THE WILEY B ALLEN CO. ?
931 Market Street, San Francisco.
All Market-Street Cars Stop In Frcnt o7 Our Door.
Bran:h— 951 Broadway, Oakland. *utilized for building war vessels."
Perkins discussed the depth of water at
various shipyard docks in the country,
showing that the depth at the Govern
ment yards was greater ordinarily than
at private yards. He maintained that,
with conditions equal, the Government
yards, '-having been entirely emancipated
from politics," war vessels could be built
at such yards as cheaply as at private
yards, and certainly within the contract
price. He maintained that the Increased
cost of construction in Government yards,
on account of the eight-hour law, was
more than offset by the immense salaries
paid the management In private yards.
GOVERNMENT PROTECTED.
In his opinion the Government could be
protected from, excessive cost of ships by
the utilization of the advantages of Gov
ernment yards.
At the conclusion of Perkins' speech, the
committee amendment as to the building
of two each of the battleships, cruisers
and gunboats was agreed to.
An amendment offered by Mallory of
Florida, providing for a $100,000 fireproof
building at the Pensaeola Navyyard, was
adopted.
Without further debate- the bill was
passed.
The London dock charges bill was taken
up and after some minor amendments
had been agreed to Hale presented objec
tions to the measure. The fundamental
trouble with the bill, he said, was that
men who ought to know their own busi
ness should not make shipping contracts.
It was an ' attempt to legislate against
men making their own contracts. He be
lieved the lumber men who were forcing
this bill could take care of themselves.
The Bee Hive Shoe Company
Sells ladles' and men's $4 00 shoes for 52 13
at the Manufacturers' Shoe Sale, 717 Mar
ket street, near Third. •
LOSES HIS THUMB. — Monto Chapman, aged
14 years, and living at 219 Harrison street,
bad his rleht thumb amputated at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday. The boy is em
ployed by Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson and
-was Injured by a roller in the shop while at
work.
dock in construction at Mare
Island shall be hurried to completion, and
setting forth that "we deprecate any
movement to minimize the importance of
making the Mare Island yard first class in
all respects." In the same dispatch was
included the text of a resolution adopted
by the board yesterday, which was a3
follows: i
Resolved further, that this board reaffirms
THE State Board of Trade yester
day authorized the sending of a
dispatch to Senator Perkins at
Washington urging that- the dry-
Favoring Completion
of the Big Drydock
at Mare Island Yard
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Esrope without seeins
Paris. It is a leading feature of San Fran
cisco. It is a marvel of beauty and ele
gance and is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry emporium in th3
world— the splendid conception of a mas
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste and skill challenge competition here.
To be appreciated it must be seen. Every
visitor and resident should go and exam
ine the marvels of genius at No. 221 Mont
gomery street. A. Andrews, proprietor. •
MAINE STATESMAN WHO OB
JECTS TO LONDON DOCK
CHARGES BILL.
House Committee Votes Against the
Proposition to Make Him a Lieu
tenant General.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
voted against making a favorable report
on the bill which recently passed the Sen
ate, authorizing the advancement of the
senior major general of the army. General
Brooke,' to the rank of lieutenant general
and his retirement with that rank.
The. vote, which was 7 to 3, was not on
party lines. Members of the committee
said that the adverse action was due to
the course taken by the House against
the ' bill advancing Surgeon General
Sternberg, and also because of opposition
within the committee to retirements at
advanced grades.
Its unqualified approval of the Nicaragua route
for the Isthmian canal.
The first part of the telegram was
called out by the action of the Chamber
of Commerce, through President Newhall,
in telegraphing to Washington as follows:
"We believe the best solution of the navy yard
question will be reached by building: a new
drydock In San Francisco harbor, capable of
docking the largest warships, with facilities
for painting and cleaning and where. If large
repairs are necessary to be made, vessels can
be dismantled and taken to Mare Island for
permanent repairs, thereby maintaining the ex
tensive shops and improvements now existing.
There was great Interest in Vallejo yes
terday over the telegram from President
Newhall, and the secretary of the Cham
ber* of Commerce of Vallejo came to San
Francisco to inquire into the real attitude
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce. He interviewed men prominently
connected with the chamber and returned
to Vallejo to report.
Since the first dispatch was sent over
the signature of President Newhall, an
other has been sent to Senator Hale,
chairman of the Senate Committee on
Naval Affairs, and Senator Perkins, who
is a member of the same committee. In
the second dispatch President Newhall
expressed regret that there should be any
complications, and earnestly requested
that no commissioner should be appointed
to locate a new navy yard. The comple
tion of the drydock at "Mare Island as
soon as possible was also urged.
BROOKE IS REFUSED
ADVANCE IN GRADE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, June 10.— Articles of In
corporation of the United States Ship
building Company will be filed in Trenton,
N. J., to-morrow. It will have a capital
of $20,000,000, not Including bonds to tho
amount of $16,000,000. The president of the
corporation will probably be Henry T.
Scott, and the vice president will be Lewis
Nixon. These two officers may possibly
be interchanged, Nixon being made presi
dent. The following companies will enter
the combination: The Union Iron Works
of San Francisco; the Bath Iron Work3
of Bath, Maine; the Hyde Windlass
Company of Bath, Maine; the Crescent
Shipyards of Elizabethport, N. J.; the
Harlan and Holllngsworth Company of
Wilmington, Del.
It is understood that the Cramps of
Philadelphia will be closely allied with
the new combination.
Nixon could not be seen In this city to
day for the reason that he was In Phila
delphia. From a man connected with the
firm of Alexander & Green, who will be
general counsel for the combination, It
was learned that the Trust Company of
the Republic will finance the United
States Shipbuilding Company. Common
and preferred stock will be issued, each to
the amount of $10,000,000. It la planned
that not more than $9,000,000 of the bonds
will be issued at present. $7,000,000 worth
being retained in the treasury! All of the
papers have been signed, and everything
Is now In readiness for the filing of the
Incorporation papers, which will be done
by Nixon. Other officers than Scott for
president and Nixon for vice president
have not yet been selected.
Capital Stock to Be Twenty Million
Dollars, Not Including Bonds
. to the Amount of Six- '
teen Millions.
Union Iron Works Among the
Concerns Included in
the Scheme.
PRETORIA, June 10.— Boer commandoes
arriving here bring reports of fresh in
stances of fraternization between the
Boers and the British troops. The sur
render of a commando at Balmoral^
Transvaal, was followed by a big "sing
song." The British soldiers stationed at
the blockhouses between Balmoral and
Pretoria in some instances held up the
train and proffered coffee and tobacco to
their late enemies.
The Boers generally hold unfavorable
estimates of their foreign allies except
th«i Americans, whom they declare to be
crafty and great fighters. A prominent
commandant said: "All the Germans ar«
fit for is to give horses sore backs."
ALIWAL NORTH, Cape Colony, June
9. — Commandant Fouche, supervising the
surrender of various Boer commandoea
here, said the Boers had been good citi
zens of their own country and they would
be equally good citizens under the British
Government.
United States Shipbuild
ing Company Will
Incorporate.
Fighters i of South Africa
Shower Praises on
Americana
Peace Permits Frater
nization Between Late
Enemies. !•
HENRY SCOTT
MAY HEAD THE
NEW COMBINE
BOERS CHEER
WITH BRITONS
NEW YORK, June 10.— The information
called for by President Roosevelt about
the coal strike has been secured and will
soon' be presented to him in the form of
an official report by Carroll D. Wright,
United States Commissioner of Labor.
The report will touch at the root of
the difficulty and will explain the "real
causes" leading to the great industrial
conflict, which causes have been jealously
guarded by both sides. Wright will not
make any suggestions or recommenda
tions.
The Information sought was obtained in
two interviews, which occupied in all but
four hours. Monday night at the Man
hattan Hotel President Mitchell made a
presentment of the miners' controversy.
Late to-day in the office of the Delaware
and Hudson, President Oliphant of the
company, President Baer of the Philadel
phia and Reading Railroad and President
Thomas of the Erie Company discussed
the strike from the standpoint of the
operators.
"I have practically completed the official
investigation," said Commissioner Wright
to-night, "and will present my report as
quickly as possible to President Roosevelt.
1 have secured the information I desired
and was treated courteously by the rep
resentatives on both sides of the contro
versy. It will not be necessary for me to
go to the coal fields." )
Speaking of the prospect of a general
strike of the miners Commissioner Wright
expressed himself as follows:
"If the eoft, coal men who have signed
contracts should strike they would be
violating their agreement and thus put
their unions at a decided disadvantage
and forfeit the sympathy of the public
This action would put the unions on the
defensive in every arbitration that would
follow the outbreak. None of the strikers
thus far was bound by contracts "
President Mitchell returned to Wllkes
barre to-niffht. \ - - .
¦ ¦ . . v ¦
Information About Mine
Trouble Ready for
Roosevelt.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 10.— After ad
journing at two-week Intervals ever since
April 1, 1901, the stockholders of the Cen
tral Pacific Railway held their annual
meeting in this city to-day and elected a
board of directors for the ensuing year.
In all there were 672,722 common and 120*,
000 preferred shares voted. Five new di
rectors were chosen. The new directors
are: E. H. Harriman; David R. Gray,
general agent for the Harriman lines
in Salt Lake; Jonathan C. Royle,
Salt Lake; W. H. Cheevers, gen
eral freight agent for the South
ern Pacific at Ogden, Utah; and J. 8. No
ble, general superintendent of the Salt
Lake division of the Southern division
with headquarters at Ogden. Besides
these the board consists of Thomas Mar
shall and Charles H. Tweed, New York-
H. E. Huntington, Los Angeles, and Da
vid B. Hempstead of Salt Lake, Utah
Central 'Pacific Elects Directors.
WASHINGTON. June 10. — President
Roosevelt and party, who are going to
West Point to attend the centennial cele
bration, left here at 11:20 o'clock over the
Pennsylvania Railroad. They occupied a
special train. The President will return
to the city Friday.
President Starts for West Point
2TORTH CAROLTCTANS
LYNCH TWO NEGROES
Fifty Masked Men Break Into a Jail
and Hang Alleged Mur
derers.
CHARLOTTE. N. C, June 11. — A mob it
about fifty masked men broke Into the jail
about 1 o'clock this morning, secured two
negroes, took them to the outskirts of the
city and hanged them to a tree, riddling
their bodies with bullets.
The negroes lynched were Harris and
James Gillespie, charged with the murder
oi Miss Cornelia Benson in Roan County
on Monday. Governor Aycock had order
ed out the Salisbury military company to
protect them.
LEADER OF BRIGANDS
IN THEIR COUN'CIIi
Delegates Sold a Secret Session to
Dispose of Ransom.
Honey.
SALONICA, Roumelia^ June 10.— The
Stroumauj, a newspaper published at
Kostendit, Bulgaria, says It has trans
pired that a secret congress of delegates
from Kostendit, Dubnitza and elsewhere
mat in Sofia at the end of March and ar
ranged for the disposition of the money
received as ransom for Ellen M. Stone,
the American missionary, and her com
panion, Madame Tsilka.
Karapeoff, alias Tchnerpeoff. the leader
of the brigands who captured the mission
aries, was among the delegates, who de
cided to send the bands into Macedonia
on a secret mission.
Among his achievements was the leader
ship cf the notorious "Hole-in-the-wall
panr" He was connected with "Butch"
Cassidy and the other notorious criminals
•who composed that organization in most
of the worst crimes of which they were
pullry. He left that company, however,
and began to operate on his own account.
Leaving the quarry, the escaped con
victs separated. Tracy and a convict
named Lent going- in the direction cf Par
ley's Canyon. They held up a man and
his wife who were driving in their direc
tion, and, taking their buggy, escaped
Into Colorado, whore they killed a young
ranchman with whom they quarreled.
After this crime, Tracy was captured by
Colorado officers and placed in Jail, but
escaped after beating three guards into
insensibility. He was retaken and kept
in custody for two weeks, when he again
escaped after almost killing a guard by
clubbing him on the head. Since his sec
ond escape nothing was heard of the man
until he became notorious by his crimes
in Oregon.
Suddenly Tracy drew a revolver from
his convict's jacket and covered the guard
•with the weapon. Commanding the guard
lo remove his clothing, and taking his
gun, Tracy donned the uniform of the
guard, and, with three other prisoners,
walked boldly av.-ay. They kept the guard
covered with a revolver until they passed
from view. A posse searched the coun
try, but none of the men was ever found.
SALT LAKE, Utah. June 10.— Harry
Tracy, who, with David Merrill, shot and
killed four men while escaping from the
State prison at Salem, Or., yesterday, has
6erved time in the Utaix penitentiary, but
escaped from custody with four other
criminals, none of whom have ever been
recaptured. He is well known to the po
lice of this city. In 1S97 Tracy was sen
tenced to a term of one year for burglary,
but remained In prison only two months.
While a member of the work gang which
was operated at the penitentiary, he held
up the guard at the point of a revolver,
and, with three others, got away.
The gang had been taken out as usual
that morning and put at work in a rock
quarry. Four of the convicts were under
the charge of Guard John Van Stetter,
and Tracy was one of the four. The guard
was armed with a. double-barreled shot
gun and remained at a distance from the
prisoners. Various devices were resorted
to by the prisoners to divert the attention
of the guard, but all were futile. Tracy's
shovel, however, finally was bent and Van
Stetter approached to assist in mending
It. The men stood side by side, too close
for the use of a long-barreled shotgun.
der Charged to Him.
T'wo- Previous Jailbreaks and aHur-
TEACY'S CAEEEB OF CBXBE23.
Fire Claims Many Homes.
MICHEL, B. C, June 10.— As a result
of the fire that started yesterday after
noon In the residence section of this
place, fifty families are homeless and des
titute. Many had narrow escapes. The
Crows Pass Coal Company's loss is near
ly 550,000. Canadian Pacific cars were
burned at a loss to the company of $10,000.
The Canadian Pacific Railroad station had
a narrow oacape. The railroad track 13
badly damaped and passenger traffic will
b« delayed rix to ten hours. Thirty resi
dences were burned.
Tf '-rf jr ASHINGTON, June 10.—An
\\ )\ / other of the big supply bills
Vk/vt/ of the Government was dis-
V V posed of by the Senate to-day,
the naval bill, carrying more
than $78,000,000, being passed. It Includes
provision for two first-class battleships,
two first-class armored cruisers and two
gunboats, but strikes out the House pro
vision that one of each shall be built
at Government yards.
When consideration was resumed on the
Isthmian canal question, Turner delivered
an extended argument in support of the
Nicaragua route. He maintained that the
new Panama Company could not pass a
clear title to the Panama Canal Com
pany's rights, franchises and property to
the United States, and that if this Govern
ment purchased it, it would be with all
Its incumbrances.
Soon after the Senate convened, Car
mack of Tennessee Introduced a resolution
directing the Committee on Civil Service
and Retrenchment to investigate the case
of Rebecca J. Taylor, a clerk in the War
Department, who was discharged for the
alleged reason of criticising the adminis
tration's Philippine policy in a communi
cation to the press. The committee was
directed to investigate the reasons for her
discharge. The resolution went over un
der the rules.
Consideration of the naval appropriation
bill was then resumed, the pending
amendment being that providing for the
construction of two first-class battleships,
two first-class armored cruisers and two
gunboats.
ARGUED BY PERKINS.
Perkins of California, a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, argued that
some of the vessels of the navy ought to
be constructed at Government yards and
he urged that the admirably equipped
Government yards ought to be utilized.
This policy, he said, was demanded by the
labor unions.
Platt of Connecticut asked if this was a
demand or a request on the part of the
labor unions.
"I meant that it Is a request," replied
Perkins. "They maintain tnat it is to the
interest of the .Government that the navy
yards belonging to the people should be
STRIKERS GIVE
THEIR REASONS
Perkins Urges Use of
the Navy Yards in
Building Warships
RAXLBOAD PREPARES
FOB THE ROBBERS
Armed Guards Will Prevent an Ex-
pected Attack on an Overland
Flyer.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., June 10.—Superin
tendent Whitney of the Union Pacific
Railroad has gone to Rawlins to direct ar
rangements looking to the capture of a
gang of bandits, who, the officials have
been Informed, will attempt to stop one
of the overland flyers near Table Rock,
between Rawlins and Green River, in the
Red Desert. Armed guards have been
placed on all trains and a special train,
equipped with arms, ammunition, provi
sions, horses and saddles, Is in readiness
at Rawlins to chase the robbers in case
an attempt is made to rob a train. A
posse of picked men is ready to board
the train at a moment's notice.
A train was held up at Tipton, near
Table Rock, about a year ago. The rob
bers dynamited the express car and se
cured considerable money. Officers gave
chase, but the bandits eluded them in the
Blue Mountains to the south.
CAL.IFORNIAN WHO ARGUED
FOR BUILDING WARSHIPS
IN FEDERAL YARDS.
SALEM, Or., June 10.— Tracy and Mer
rill, the convicts who yesterday killed
three gruards and a fellow prisoner and es
caped from the Oregon penitentiary, ara
still at larg-e. They were seen early this
morning at Gervais, eighteen miles north
of Salem, where they took possession of
& farmhouse and compelled the occupants
to supply them with breakfast. The fugi
tives rode through Gervais, but there
abandoned their horses after breakfast
and took to the woods on foot. Sheriff
Durbin of Marion County, with a posse
and bloodhounds, arrived at Gervais at
I o'clock this afternoon and started on ,
the traiL
The bloodhounds soon picked up the
trail of the escaped convicts and pressed
them so close that at 9 o'clock to-night
they ran into town, held up Dr. C. S.
White and Edward Dupuis, two business
men of Gervais, took the doctor's horse
buggy and drove away. The Sheriff's
posse, with bloodhounds, was only a
quarter of a mile behind. The convicts
ran Into a road which was fenced and
there abandoned the team and took to the
woods, through a large field half a mile
west of Gervais. The posse is close on
the trail and the fugitives are exhausted.
Their capture, it is believed, is a question
of only a short time.
During yesterday and last night the men
stayed close to Salem and shortly before
midnight passed through the center of
Salem, took a man's clothes from him,
stole another suit and then took two
horses out of a stable near town and
started northward. The officers in Salem
knew nothing of the presence in Salem of
the escaped convicts until this morning,
when J. W. Roberts informed them that
he had been stripped of his clothing near
his bouse in South Salem at 10 o'clock last
night by Tracy and Merrill and that they
threatened to kill him if he gave out the
ir formation before morning.
During the day several attempts were
made to start the hounds on the track
of the fugitives, but each time the scent
was lost. The hounds were taken to the
Roberts house, where Tracy and Merrill
changed clothing, and were put on the
scent frcm the clothing. They followed
it to the stable from which the horses
were stolen, but there it was lost.
All officers realize the desperate char
acter of Tracy and it is not likely he will
be taken without a battle.
It is known that they have friends In
Portland, and from their northerly course
it is supposed they are endeavoring to
reach that city.
Louis Butler, an ex-convict, was arrest
ed to-day on a charge of assisting Tracy
and Merrill to steal the horses from the
local stable.
Boldly Hold Up a Citizen on a
Street of Salem at Night and
Strip Him of His
Clothing.
Convicts Commit Deeds of
Outlawry While Racing
ior Liberty.
SDftclal Dispatch to The Call.
CAJ,L BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 10.— That the
adoption of the Spooner substitute In
structing the President to negotiate for
the Panama canal instead of the passage
of the Hepburn bill means no canal legis
lation for^the present, session was mado
plain to-day by expressions of opinion by
prominent members of the House that the
lower branch would stick to its own canal
bill and that the matter would die in con
ference.
This is the view repeatedly expressed by
Senator Morgan and Senator Harris, who
have been leading the fight In the Senate
all winter, and it is known that the
friends of Nicaragua in the House are of
the same opinion.
Representative Hepburn, by whose
name the bill is known, is now out of the
city, but those who are familiar with his
views say that he would never yield if the
Spooner substitute comes over to the
House. Representative Mann of Illinois,
who has been an able lieutenant of Hep
burn in the House, said:
"It is a question of a canal or no canal
If the Senate should adopt what is known
as the Spooner substitute the House, which
passed the Hepburn bill with only two
dissenting: votes, would not yield. It Is a
desperate fight between legislation and no
legislation and I do not think that the
Senate fully appreciates the situation.
Nicaragua means certainty of completion.
Panama means uncertainty of beginning.
Nicaragua means a clear title and free
dom from scandal. Panama means legal
and diplomatic clouds and the possibility
of almost endless scandal."
It is pointed out by friends of Nicar
agua In the House that Senator Hanna in
his argument for Panama misrepresented
the attitude of the House by saying that
It passed the Hepburn bill before an offer
of the Panama Company was made. They
said that while this is strictly true so far
as a formal offer is concerned, the House
took action several days after the news
that the Panama Company had voted to
make an offer had become known.
If the advocates of the Spooner substi
tute are altogether sincere in their desire
for some canal, the friends of Nicaragua
inquire, why is it that all of the Senators
who for years have opposed any canal
across the isthmus are joining in their
support.
Conflict in Congress Almost
Certain to Prevent
Action.
Capture of Tracy and
Merrill a Question
of Hours.
Probability of. Legisla
tion Is Now Very
Remote.
BLOODHOUNDS
ON THE HEELS
OF FUGITIVES
DOOM SETTLES
ON CANAL BILL
THE SAN FBASpiSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902.
Perkins of California Makes a Strong Argument ior the Building of
Some War Vessels at Government Navy Yards, but the House
Provision to That Effect Is Stricken Out of the Measure
SENATE PASSES THE NAVAL BILL
WHICH CARRIES MANY MILLIONS
S&ccial Dispatch to The Call.
VALLE JO, Cal., June 1O.—
"While the Idea of aban
doning Mare Island
- jVavy Yard seems pre
posterous, sacrificing as it
would l(i25,OOO,OOO in Govern
ment property, "the situation
is so serious that prompt
and active measures should
be taken to . forestall the
plan, not only by Vallejo but
by California generally.*
It is a coincidence Worthy
of notice that, simultaneous
with the resolution intro
duced by Senator Hale, comes
the first news of the consoli
dation of ¦ private shipbuild
er* throughout the country.
In other words, we will have
a shipbuilding trust as well
as the beef trust, coal trusts,
and other like combinations.
I firmly believe that the pri
vate contractors, realizing
that they have dangerous ri
vals in the first-class navy
yards of the. country, are de
termined to dispose of them,
and Mare Island is first on
the list. .
Senator Hale asks If a flrst
class * battleship has ever
been to Mare Island. Xoj
neither has there been the
necessity for sending one, as
the present dry dock could
not accommodate the Iowa
or Wisconsin; bnt the new
dry dock under course of
construction will be able.
Did Senntor Hale ask the
same qnestlon concerning?
the Xorfolfc or Portsmouth,
N. H., >*avy Yard? Had he,
the answer would be the
same as that In regard to
Mare Island, as no first-class
battleship has been at either
of those yards.
Perhaps he -will ask this
qnestion concerning: these
yards at the next session of
Congress. T understand that
an appropriation of $750,000
hms been made this year for
dredfetngr the approach to
Portsmouth yard. And ntill
the strongest point made
n&ralnst Marc Island is that
some dreds?insr Is necessary.
I would have absolutely no
fear of a comminslon com
posed of uncli men as Ad
mirals Miller, Glass, Kemp
or . Cof^blnn .or^ Captains
Cotton or fhelps, able
officers and sailors who
have spent years In and
about Mare Island and know
Its desirability' as a navy
ynrd, but I -would fear a com
mission appointed through
the influence of those hostile
to Mare Island.
I cannot understand the
notion of President IVevrball
of tbe San Francisco Cbnm>
her of Commerce in Indors
ing: Senator Hale'* resolu
tion. It appears certain to me
that the passage of the reso
lution would mean that Cali
fornia -would never have an
other navy yard worthy of
the name.
FRAXK R. DEVL.I3T,
President Vallejo Chamber
of Commerce.
URGES ENTIRE
STATE TO GIVE
AID TO VALLEJO
3
Noteworthy Facts.
Apollinaris Sales in 1901 exceeded
the Enormous 1900 Figures— 28,000,000 bottles
_fl_ "THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
_ Bottled at, and imported from,
the rApollinaris Spring, Rhenish Prussia, Germany,
chargejd:7.%pnly with its OWN Natural Gas,
UlUlllvl Ovlgv3 lili^?
Of course light colored patterns are favorably re- AvV
ceiyed for summer suits, but the b'ue serge has a strong \IS r^&\\
following as a summer garment. And what is neater /^^^^^^^
than a nice, light weight all wool serge in a pretty shade .'^M^MMf^^kw
of fast blue? We anticipate a large demand for serges /MS^^Sliw^^^
this year, so have prepared ourselves with an exceedingly /jvM^^WSIISS^^Sf-
fine line made by ourselves to d3 duty in San Francisco /^^^S|/|S^K Plllf!/
weather. If you have not bought your summer suit as t !^^^S^^^^W^0iwfj
yet, we offer our -serge as a good, serviceable, stylish suit
that will wear you well and give entire satisfaction. If \ >^^^^^^S Iffilj ''' ' ;
it fails in any way you can have your money back. The Vi^|B|^B|^P^W^/'||
nine dollars 1H|1I||
The boy will enjoy his vacation much more if he is \\\\ ll^^lilK 1 If rl
properly attired with good outing tog c . We tffer sugges- AllffllHl^HI'iili
tions which will help to make your choosing easy — :he u\^HfflBfQH'IIi
-£»T\': from U. S." Government khaki, first- 'i
\\tg J ' class material; suits are made in the Ymrai 1
JyJa^SggJjA regulation rough rider uniform style, x^'^lSif In '
i'Mi l '!iS ' \ \ 'M^MImU ent weaf i n £ goods — will wear the boy ffiffljSM |j
M//M ] ®$4h JBl^l*^ through the entire vacation; price but 1
fc W%ft ..„ Wash suits in all materials and at all prices; we can show you about fifty
' " \\SSffli'/i i H 1 Wn-fi dlfferent styles, one of which we picture; the prices are
V^^^miil 50c up to $3.00 a suit
¦ 1 wilwWmli -^ We C -£ y a , 5w asso , rtmc^ of °. vera "s boys or girls; they are made
'nllrii'W !»»'] nff// with or without bibs, and are strongly sewed and riveted
\WS. Ill ' ' only At J " >5C> 35C ' 4^° 3nd 5 ° C * br ° Wn ' bl3Ck ° r blUe ' With bibs ' for b °y s
hfEffi Ipl . ¦¦' At 5Oc and 65c, blue only, without bibs for boys
" wl'ffl^ IP* { At 45c ' Wue and brown « witn bib s for girls, ages 2 to 10 years.
Ill; \ III 1 White or percale shirt waists, with or without collars attached, ages 4 to I"
I ifl'a/ [. I I: t\ i years, oOc. . '¦¦-..'.*.-'
i Ifl' ' \ i\w I It Unlaundered shirt waists in all colors, ages 3 to 12 years 23c,
\fm' ,\n »fj \\\ Unlaundered blouse waists with large sailor collars, ages'3 to 10 years 25c
\fm /f ! ll\- : \^KA|\ All-wool sweaters, in various colors and combination stripes, ages 2 to 6
MM/' Also a complete stock of underwear, hosiery, knee pants, wash pants duck
>SSF pants for youths, etc., all at reasonable prices.
nishings or hats. f '—' ¦ -¦?¦ * **mJf it's free.
718 Market Street ,
2000 SETS OF
Have Arrived From the
Drexler New York Office.
Our expert dentists make them up (guar-
anteed) for 94.OO ; this price good for
twenty days. The same plate usually costs
$15. $10 gold crowns. for $3.O0. and teeth
without place (our specialty), $3.OO. '. .
uexler Painless Dental Co. cf New York
S. F. PARLORS 11O4 MARKET STREET
Corner v Turk.MAYOR WELCOMES THE MYSTIC SHRINERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902.
GREETED BY THE MAYOR.
After the conclusion of Potentate Mur*
Here you shall see men and women, rich in
intellectual wealth, royal in figure, noble in
conduct and morals, and whose hospitable
homes are welcome to you. and whose kind
acts rhall be memories never forgotten, linger
ing with you like great strains of music.
Here you shall see the rolling waves of the
Paclflc. singing their lullabys in such divine
strains of harmony that the whistling winds
shall carry tt;e melody across the continent
and leave music in every one of your homes.
Here you shall see forests, aged and noble,
dating back into the dreamy past j and reach-
Ing out into the hopeful future, which shall flu
ycur souls with the <rrandness of nature and
awaken your thoughts of the mightiness of Him
whose power of omniflc speech created worlds.
Here you shall find climatic conditions where
Eunshine and shadow combine Jn peace, and
eongs are hushed and soothed In the lap of
comfort; no cold, no heat, but all one heavenly
ray of light and damp, making life one Joy,
and prosperity come out of cloud and sun
shine.
Here you shall find broad fields where every
thing of plant or flower or fruit or grain or
prat-s grows Into the fullness of the tropics,
and seeds in abundance ripen Into wealth
and where farming is an occupation leading
to the ease that lifts man into the place in the
social scale where the arts and sciences re
ligion, oratory, music and all that ennobles
mankind has an opportunity for growth.
Here commerce expands, energy grows life
enlarges, the noblest in man develops, and all
nature- enrobes herself in beauty, and the sDlr-
Itual within us reaches out and grows in touch
with the great Over-soul of all things
To this land of beauty and wealth and cheer
ful and honest hearts I welcome you. Again
To ell the glories of our oasis and to our hearts
as well, y
We welrome you with such pood cheer (as
tongue lacks power to tell.
Here you shall find Paradise restored, and
prosperity growing day by day, until the far
East shall pay its tribute to the Queen City
of the West, and the palmy days of Palmyra
ana Thebes, and Carthage and Troy, shall
dwindle into nothingness under the royal com
niercial splendor of San Francisco.
Here you shall find the science of the stars,
the wonderful movement of the heavenly bod
ies studied in the Lick Observatory, which
gazes into abysmal space with the strongest
eye made by the hands of man.
Here you shall find a noble, intelligent and
active people, who by energy and enterprise
are laying the foundation of a wonderful em
pire, where art and science, literature and law,
shall rise to the standard of excellence equal
to any people, ancient or modern.
A WONDERFUL EMPIRE.
Here you will find broad and fertile acres,
watered by fine streams, hemmed in by grand
and lofty, sublime and picturesque mountains.
Here in California you will find green pas
tures for your camels and refreshments for
yourselves.
You need rest from the trials of the Journey
and you enter the Temple of Islam, and there
expect not only friendly greeting, but repose
and rest (which you will not get), and I
heartily invite you and welcome you.
Life has its failures, its hopes, its Joys, its
cares and every mystic order holds within itself
the one purpose of bringing Its members into
that relationship which shall develop the high
est, the purest and noblest in jnnn. With that
object In view you have crossed deserts, as
cended mountains, traveled the plains, and af
ter miles of distance traversed by you, you now
stand upon the grandest oasis of all the world,
the beautiful, wealthy and hospitable Califor
nia.
the oasis- of San Francisco, -and ' ask that the
salt of friendship may be eaten In truth,- and
that our hands may be clasped with heart
beats.
After prayer had been offered the Lor-
Ing Club, under direction of W. C. Stadt
feld. sang the "Bedouin Love Sontr ••
v;hich was received with considerable ap
plause. Chairman Field then introduced
Charles H. Murphy, potentate of Islam
Temple, who made an address of wel
come. He told about the beauties of the
great State of California in a speech filled
with flowers of language. He spoke as
fellows:
All over this great republic come the repre
•cntatlves of the Imperial Council of the An
rlent Arabic Order Nobles cf the My6tic Shrine
Tor North America, to visit the Western shores
where the waves of the Pacific Ocean lap the
(olden sands of California In amorous glee
411 over thip great nation the tramping host*
»f pilgrims have come to Saa Francisco the
ttetropolls of the West, to ree how wonderful
i State may bf-come In a few years, and here
o Join the v.-cary travelers over the Funds, not
»n!y of the deserts, but of time. Jn commemor
*ing the deeds and purposes of our mystic
»rd«T. I have the honor of welcoming you,
H bidfli&ff you peace and comfort and Joy ln^
ISLAM WELCOMES NOBLES.
pBBEXSXH HE Imperial Council, Ancient
Arabic Order Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine for North
America, was duly opened
yesterday morning in Golden
Gate Hall by Imperial Po
tentate Philip C. Shaffer. A
splendid assemblage of local
Shriners, pilgrims from tem
ples of every State in tik Union and from
the Dominion of Canada, with their wives
and sweethearts, were on hand to witness
the opening ceremony. Before the session
was commenced Mayor Schmitz, in behalf
of the people of this city, welcomed the
Shriners to the hospitality of the Western
metropolis, and Charles H. Murphy, po
tei'tate of Islam Temple extended to them
the right hand cf fellowship in the name
of their brethren of the local temple.
The opening of the council was an lm
preEsive event. The hall had been ao
propriately decorated with flowers, Amer
ican flags and emblems of the mystic or
der. Around the rails of the balcony were
ctrung streamers of bunting which hung
iii graceful folds. The stage was trans
formed into a very forest bower, with a
profusion of ferns, flowers, verdant foli
age and potted palms. Across the stage
end written in letters of blazing lights
were the words, "Welcome to California.
On the stage were seated Imperial Po
tentate Philip C. Shaffer. Past Imperial
Potentate Lou B. Winsor of Michigan, Po
tentate Charles H. Murphy of the local
temple. Mayor Schmitz. Rev. George C.
Adams and officers of the Imperial Coun
cil. The main body of representatives to
the council occupied seats in the central
part of the hall.
Charles L. Field, past imperial potentate
and chairman of the executive committee,
acted as chairman of the meeting, and
after calling the assemblage to order re
quested the Shriners to rise and uncover
while Rev. George C. Adams asked the
Great Father to bless the council and
guide it in its work.
COUNCIL OF MYSTIC SHRINERS OPENS ITS SESSIONS WITH BRILLIANT
ORATORY BEFORE LARGE AUDIENCE OF NOBLES.
phy's address Mayor Schmitz was intro
duced and formally welcomed the Shrin
ers and their Imperial Council to this city,
lie promised that they would be treated
with all hospitality and he begged them
to accept their welcome in the same
£.i art TX' manne r in which It was extended.
The Mayor said In part:
irem'£m!L Of Imperial -Council, ladies and
gentlemen:. In behalf of the city of -San
S?h nC i 8C0 T I K*S tend t0 you a hearty welcome,
tend tn * elleve onIy a Westerner can ex
es? nl£«, l t ™ n * w ; II affords me the great-
£-£o ? re t0 , wel 5 ci ne visitors who come to
see what a splendid city we have erected by
months'"? h f a th \ P 5 cfflc - Withln the Past few
£rS? «?=.= „? m had occasion to welcome sev
encl [n*S™V2 M> b f l none W»led »n influ
ence, in number or in popularity the Mv<;Mr>
Shriners. You have traveled across the ho?
sss& it N&ss
Upon yourselves It will depend In a jrreat
wm EI £f h ° wmuOh you wln feel at home. CT We
will do all m our power, during your stav
here, to make you feel that you are our Lists
*,"? * hen you turn W agate ??w£d the
&wr\s sssr J wit r h ne u ho oifirt r h d e i P &
you the greeting- which is so beautifully ex?
Aletkum." y ° Ur Arablc words ' " E ° VeSami
WINSOR MAKES RESPONSE.
As Imperial Potentate Philip C. Shaf-
n f f"t e Wa fL not iT i condition the task
? S £ lylng: t0 , the words of welcome which
d^ en s P£ ken f eH to Lou B. Winsor Vt
Michigan. He performed the duty in the
most pleasing manner. Past Potentate
Winsor on a previous occasion had been
a visitor to this city and in consequence
Do You See the Point?
It's a good one if it's one dfj_our pyro
graphy points, and we have "everything
else in the Artiat Materia.l-line. including
skins, fresh from the tanner, and fancy
wocd articles to burn.. -Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market sL " ~z~^ -,•»'»» •
Peter Alladin appeared before Judga
Fritz yesterday on a charge of vagrancy.
Policeman Cavanaugh, who arrestedjjim!
stated that Alladin was in tha service of
a pawnbroker on Kearny street and ac
costed people on the street with a pitiful
story of suffering,' showing a pawn ticket
for a watch, which he would "assert cost
him ?uO. He would offer the ticket for 110
or $15, and when the purchaser went to
the pawnshop he got a watch of the value
of about $3. The Judge ordered a sub
pena issued for the • attendance of the
pawnbroker in court this morning, and
asked the officer to also bring any of the
victims into court.
Alleged Scheme to Defraud.
9:30 a. m.— Excursion on the bay, when all points of interest, including the Golden* Gate Goat
Island and Mare Island Navy Yard, will be visited. ** '
8:30 p.m. — Banquet at the Pavilion.
8 a. m.— Shriners' "wishbone" excursion to Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto Pain
Alto and San Jose, via Oakland 'ferry, returning at 4 p. m.
¦' : ri,Vi.° p. m.— Grand ball for Shriners, and the public at the Pavilion.
FRIDAY.
2 p. m.— Prize drill of Arab patrols, for valuable trophies at the Oakland Racetrack.
8 p. m.— Distribution of prizes by Islam Temple at Mechanics' Pavilion, drill by winnine- teams
promenade concert and reception. '¦
THURSDAY.'
10 a. m.— Drive from the Palace to the Presidio, Cliff House and Ocean Beach. Lunch at Cliff House
and drive through the Park and visit to the Park Museum. * nouse
9 a. m— Excursion to Berkeley.
9:30 a. m.— Excursion to Mount Tamalpais, via Sausalito ferry. Additional trains for the same
place at 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. Last excursionists will remain on summit all night '
2 p. m— Reception by Al Malaikah Temple, Maple Room, Palace Hotel. .Y. .
8 p. m.— Promenade concert at Mechanics' Pavilion.
, TO-DAY.
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS OF SHRINER WEEK
It has been decided that no Shriners
will be admitted to the entertainment
which will be given to-day" by El
Malaikah at the Palace Hotel unless they
wear their badges. This of course will
not apply to the ladies who- will accom
pany the Shriners.
Must Wear Badges.
Among the most popular members of
the visiting Shriners are those who com
pose Za-Ga-Zig Temple. They hall from
Des Moines, Iowa. Frank O. Evans is
potentate, Charles H. Austin recorder.
George \V. Macartney past potentate and;
Sidney A. Foster representative of the
temple. This temple has given away a
very handsome watch fob a3 a souvenir
of the pilgrimage to San Francisco. On
the fob is suspended a camel, and, it Is
without exception the costliest and most
tasty present that has been given away.
Some Popular Shriners.
At the annual election of the Improve
ment Club to-day the following officers
were chosen: President, V. A. Scheller;
treasurer, J. E. Auzerais; secretary, L B.
KcMahill. The board of managers of
twenty-five was re-elected. •
SAN JOSE. June 10.— The Santa Clara
County Improvement Club will entertain
the Mystic Shriners on Friday. There
¦will be an excursion from San Francisco
on that day. A committee will meet the
visitors at the depot and the Shriners will
be driven about the city and county. They
will be loaded down with fruit and flow
ers and royally entertained.
"Will Entertain Nobles.
SCENES OF DAT PARADE AND
OPENING OF IMPERIAL,
COUNCIL.
he had many friends in the assemblage to
greet him when he rose to speak. He
said in substance:
Members of the Imperial Council, Nobles and
ladies: It is indeed to be regretted that you
are not to hear Imperial Potentate Philip G.
Shaffer. I would that it were within my power
to reveal to you the emotions that at this mo
ment animate his bosom. I wish that some
more able speaker had been selected to respond
to the hearty words of welcome which we have
heard to-day. But when I am directed by the
Imperial potentate , Jt is not for me to reason
why, my duty is but ,to act.
The closing week of May and the first week
IMPERIAL POTENTATE SHAFFER IS ESCORTED TO THE COUNCIL HALL
IN SPLENDID STYLE BY RICHLY GARBED PATROLS.
gomery street to California, to Kearny, to
Market, to Stockton, to Post, to Powell,
to Sutter, thence to Golden Gate Hall,
where it was disbanded, and the Shriners
entered the hall to witness the opening
ceremony. All along the line of march
people crowded the sidewalks and the
windows and doorways of the stores to
witness the parade and to cheer the pil
grims on their way.
of June I witnessed great activity in all our
temples scattered through', this broad domain.
The caravans have- been- preparing for this
Western j Journey, which is the longest ever
undertaken in the annals of our organization.
The caravans on their long Journey paused. for
a time to enjoy the picturesque beauty of the
majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains, the
pilgrims refreshed themselves in the great Salt
Lake and took their last stop before reach
ing this Western oasis to offer up their devo
tions amid the snows of the Sierra Nevadas.
The Journey of the caravans is completed and
the pilgrims are here to rest themselves be
neath the date and palm trees of the oasis of
Islam.
Assembled here are men from every State
in the Union and from the Dominion of Can
ada. Whether they come from New England,
the scene of the first civilization on this con
tinent, or from Dixie land or from the domain
of England's King, they are men of promi
nence in their home country. They are men
prominent in the social, political .and business
world.
In behalf of the Nobles of the Imperial Coun
cil and their ladies I wish to assure you that
we accept this welcome in the same hearty
spirit in which it is given. Some of us al
ready in times past . had the pleasure . of
enjoying your hospitality. One of the proudest
mementoes in my possession is a key to this
great city which was given to ma a year ago.
I desire to say to those who have not yet had
the pleasure of experiencing: the good fellow
ship of the people of this city that their hos
pitality will prove a revelation to you. It will
far exceed that" about which you have read
in the history of Arabia.
When Past Imperial Potentate Winsor
had concluded his response, Imperial Po
tentate Philip G. Shaffer announced that
the Imperial Council was about to com
mence its session and requested those
who were not representatives to with
draw. . ..'...¦ .
The formation of the parade was ei
fected on New Montgomery street, and
hither between the hours of 8 and 9
o'clock in the morning thronged the
Shriners, costumed in all the colors of
the spectrum. It is the custom for the
Arab patrols to act as escort to the Im
perial Council. The Shriners have, won
fame because of the splendor of their
costuming, but the Arab patrols in this
respect have certainly reached the limit
of perfection.
R. P. Hurlbut acted as grand marshal.
Immediately behind his staff rode a corps
of buglers from the Presidio. Then came
what in all probability was the flower of
the parade, the mounted ' patrol of Islam
Temple, consisting of twenty-four Shrin
ers clad in immaculate white and astride
ccal-black chargers. They were under
command of Captain George F. Neil and
attracted attention all along the line of
march. Thirty-three members of Islam
patrol marched on foot. They were
dressed in Arabic costumes. Between
the mounted patrol and the Shrin
ers on foot rode little Horace Logan, the
mascot of the patrol, mounted on a
prancing Shetland pony. Both Master Lo
gan and his miniature charger were deco
rated in appropriate style.
Following . the local delegation came
Arab patrols from temples in. all paxts
of the Union. Each patrol was arrayed
in a distinctive uniform, "and it would be
difficult to say with Justice which was the
most attractive. Ararat patrol, which
hails from Kansas City, was arrayed in
a, garb that showed all the colors of a
rainbow. They wore turbans of blue, gold
and purple, and their boleros were or
namented with applique work on royal
purple plush. All along the line they re
ceived applause both for their dress and
the precision with which they executed
maneuvers. They were commanded by
Captain C. H. Salinas, assisted by First
Lieutenant R. S. Emmert and Second
Lieutenant M. J. Gelhan.
El Malaikah patrol of Los Angeles, un
der command of Drill Master Percy Weld
ner and with "William Lcvet right guard
and Robert Wankewsky left guard, also
made a very- commendable appearnce
They had twenty-four in line.
Other patrols in line were: El Jebel of
Denver, headed by a band of sixty-five
pieces; Aladdin of Columbus, Ohio; Syria
of Pittsburg, Moolah of St. Louis and
Zuhrah of Minneapolis. Without a single
exception the patrols, with their Oriental
garbs ,. lively music and picturesque drill
ing, made splendid showings. The mem
bers of the Imperial Council rode in car
riages. ;
The course of the parade was up Mont«
intended as a display for the
enjoyment of the spectators so much
as it was designed to be an escort
to the officers and representatives of the
Imperial Council to their meeting place
in Golden Gate Hall. Nevertheless it wa3
a very picturesque spectacle, and one the
equal of which has been seldom if ever
before witnessed in this city.
passpicSE^HE Shriner parade yesterday
I morning served to give the
' people a faint idea of the mag
i nificence of the pageant which
\ they were to have the pleas
d j k ure of witnessing in the even
ing. The procession was not
4SCENE AT RECEPTION OF VISITING SHRINERS BY SAN FRANCI5CO LADIES AT THE LICK.
$9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. W
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkin street,
opposite City Hall. . *
Big Harness Sale.
Many Shrlners ana their frlend3 are
availing themselves of the hospitality be
ing liberally dispensed by the Oriental
Art Rooms, 332 Post street. Convenient of
location, it is a restful spot and welcome
after hours of sightseeing. There one may
sip a genuine cup of Mocha Coffee and
puff an exhilarating Persian Narghule.
The brewing and serving of coffee with
the real Turkish utensils are both inter
esting and suggestive of Oriental ease and
luxury.
Visitors Welcome.
Malt-Nutrine is the only really great
Extract of Malt offered on the market,
other so-called extracts being nothing
better than strong black beer with a large
percentage of Alcohol and a very small
one of extractive matter. Such extracts
should not be given or recommended to
convalescents or strength-seeking people,
since their merits are all on the label and
not In the bottle. Malt-Nutrine is pre
pared by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n, which guarantees its purity, excel
lence and merit. . •
The Leading: jiTalt Extract.
To Abby C. Riversmith, a sister, of
Saco, Maine, $2000; to the four children of
Mrs. Riversmith, and the three children
of James Shepley, a deceased brother,
$28,000; to Franklin Nourse of Lowell,
Mass., and C. S. Sergeant of Boston,
Mass., $16,000 in trust for her sister Abby;
to Messrs. Norse and Sergeant, $7000 in
trust for Abby Barstow, sister of her dead
husband, providing that in the event of
her death the trust fund reverts to Helen
L. T. Bryant; to H. L. T. Bryant, $10,000;
to Richard Barstow, $7000, and to George
Barstow, his son, $3000; to the four
children of James T. Barstow, $1000
each; to/ Rev. C. Barstow, $6000;
to the ¦ children of Ebenezer Bar
stow,- $3000; to the San Francisco
Ladles' Protection and Relief Society,
$7000; to the Women's Occidental Board of
Foreign /Missions, $3000; to Mills College.
$5000; to the First Congregational Church
of Saco, Maine, and the Congregational
church of Haverhill, New . Hampshire
$1000 each.
All the estate remaining after the pay
ment of the bequests is left to her neph
ews and nieces,- share and share alike.
George P. Thurston.and Warren Olney
are named as executors of the will* which
Is holographic and bears date of July 26
1S99. ; • • • ¦ ¦-. r.: ¦ u ;•• - .- '
The will of Mrs. Emily E. Barstow, who
died at her residence at 927 Pine street on
the 6th inst.,was filed for probate yester
day. She disposes of an estate consisting
of $117,000 in money and real estate in this
city worth more than $200,000, as follows:
Nieces and Remembers Churches
in Her Will.
Provides Liberally for Nephews and
MRS. EMILY E. BARSTOW «
DIVIDES LARGE FORTUNE
Imperial t. Potentate Shaffer's stand,
which was situated on the right hand side
of the hall, directly opposite the center,
was also tastefully decorated. The Arab
Patrol of Islam Temple vras the first, to
reach the Pavilion. As It marched In
there were few Shriners or other specta
tors " present to greet .it. " But as the
various patrols continued to arrive at the
Pavilion the crowd of spectators kept
pouring in until the hall was filled. Each
patrol on marching into, the hall, headed
by a band and with Its members attired
In fantastic costumes, added to the at
tractiveness of the spectacle.
It would be difficult to determine Justly
Mechanics' Pavilion had been decorated
with flowers, varl-colored ' bunting and il
luminated with electric lights until It
seemed a fitting rival in splendor to Alad
din's wondrous palace. Immense American
flags had been so arranged across the
ceiling as to form a starry canopy over,
the marching Shrlners. Suspended from
the center of the ceiling was an Immense
framework decorated with bunting and
flags and brilliantly lighted. On both sides
of this ornamented framework were hung
smaller figures, which were also decor
ated with bunting, flags and lights.
Around the balcony were twined stream
ers of red, white and blue.
to gain admission to the hall
witnessed a spectacle the memory of
which will remain with them as long as
life lasts. After the parade along Market
street the Shriners marched into the Pa
vilion to be reviewed by Imperial Poten
tate Phillip C. Shaffer. The review proved
an appropriate climax to the outdoor pa
rade.
NEVER In its history did Me
chanics' Pavilion present a
more magnificent scene than
It did last night when it -was
filled with the parading host
of Mystic Shriners. Those
who were fortunate enough
Alameda,. Miss Zada. Whipple; Alpine, Miss
Bessie Baker; Amador, Miss Jennie Holden,
Butte, Miss Lizzie F. Baker; Calaveras, Miss
Madeline Young; Colusa, Miss Kitty Mitchell;
Contra Costa, Miss Rose Dunleavy; Del Norte,
Miss Gettle N. Stoddard; El Dorado, Miss Dolly
Echeverrla; Fresno, Miss Lena Wolff; Glenn,
Miss Kitty 8. Corbett; Humboldt, Miss Annie
Burton; Inyo, Miss Birdie Hesler; Kern, Misa
Louisa Caret; Kings, Miss Bertha Burton;
Lake, Miss Frances Sheldon; Lassen, Miss Lil
lian PeUitier; Los Angeles; Mrs. George A.
Fitch; Madera. Miss Minnie Nace; Marln, Miss
Nellie Warren; Marlposa, Miss P. S. Korbitt;
Mendoclno. Miss Jennie .Wisecarver; Merced,
Miss ' Dollle Lebrecht; Modoc, Miss , Maud
Phipps; Mono, Miss Bertha Telchelt: Monterey,
Miss Daisy Scott; Napa, Miss Nellie Strohl;
Nevada, Mrs. F. L. Shlrkleld; Orange, | Misa
Clara Phipps; Placer.' Miss Jean Wilson; Plu
mas. Miss Florence Hostrawser; Riverside,'
Miss Susie Murphy; Sacramento, Miss C. W.
Morton; San Benito, Miss Carrie E. MUler; San
Bernardino, Miss Mary* Thurber; San Diego,
Miss Opal Pierce; San Francisco, Miss Mabel
Gunn; San Joaquln, Miss Kitty Smith; San
Luis Obispo, Miss D. W. Carrlson; San Mateo
Miss Lillian Johnson; Santa Barbara, > Miss An-
The scene as far as beauty and enthu
siasm are concerned reached Its height
when the young ladles from the -various
counties acting as representatives for and
sponsors of the Shriners. marched into
the hall, accompanied by their escorts.
Miss Grace Oliver of Sulsun had the honor
of heading this procession of beauty. She
was becomingly attired in a dress of
shimmering silk. She made an appearance
which stamped her well worthy of the
honor of taking the leading part in the
splendid scene.
After Miss Oliver marched the follow
ing young ladies representing the various
counties of the State: ¦'¦
YOUNG LADIES PARADE.
which patrol made the best showing or
which was dressed in the most attractive
or picturesque costumes. Each patrol
without exception presented an appear
ance that it may well i be proud of. , El
Jebel of Denver, El Malaikah of Los An
geles and Moolah of St. Louis and a num
ber of others were greeted with applause.
March. "The Yankee Hustler?" (Hon.' Eugene
B. Schmitz, Mayor of San Francisco) ; selec
tion "Huguenots" (Meyerbeer); "An Album
Leaf" (Richard Wagner); patrol, "Blue and
Gray" (Dalby); "A Midnight Patrol by the
Shriners" (returning home at 4 a. m.) (Lee
Johnson); "American Medley"' (Bendlx); se
lection; St.- Luke's choir boys; Hungarian
Dances Nos. 1 and 2 (Brahms); selection, "Lo
hengrin" (Wagner): half an hour with the ath
letes, direction of Noble John A. Hammer
smith; intermezzo,- "Forget-Me-Not" (Mac
beth);, waltz, ."Artist's Life" (Strauss); (a)
Morceau characterlstlque, "A Southern Rev
erie" ' (Bendix) (b) - march, "The American
Citizen"; march, "Stars and Stripes" (Sousa).
After all the patrols had marched into
the hall Moolah Patrol of St.' Louis, Mo.,
gave an exhibition of drilling, the equal
of which has never been seen in this city.
This patrol is composed of stalwart men,
many of whom may well be considered
portly, yet they marched," counter
marched, wheeled and formed intricate
figures in the maneuvering in the most
surprising manner. Not once in twenty
minutes, of- steady drilling did they make
a mistake. Their . exhibition was
easily the feature of the evening, and
when Imperial Councils shall assemble in
other cities and other patrols shall drill
for the edification of the people, Shriners
who witnessed last night's drill .will take
pride In telling about the ¦ plaudits that
Moolah won. . Moolah Patrol was com
manded by Captain Clarence Sinclair.
' At the conclusion of the * review, the
band, under the direction of Noble George
W. Bennett, rendered the following musi
cal programme: j *, - tJ .'
MOOLAH WINS PLAUDITS.
nle Adams; Santa Clara, Miss C. A. Decatur;
Santa Cruz, Miss Florence H. Wanzer; Shasta,
Miss Jennie Wall; Sierra, Miss 'Carrie Smith;
SIsklyou,- Miss Minnie Goane; Solano, ' Miss
Bronson; Sonoma, Miss Constance Johnson;
Stanislaus, '¦ Miss Harris; Sutter, ' Miss Alice
Johnson;- Tehama, Miss Ethel Gwin; Trinity,
Miss Irene Downs; Tulare, Miss Shirley Levin
son; Tuolumne. Miss Carrie Burden; Ventura,
Miss Maud Fitzgerald; Yolo, Miss Mabel Buck
ley; Yubaf Miss Mary Doyle. !
.The 'feature of the day will be a com
petitive drill at the Emeryville racetrack
of five Arab patrols from various tem
ples of the Shriners. Each patrol com
1-nses forty men. The drill will last two
hours. Ten thousand people are expected
to witness the evolutions at the racetrack,
which are to begin at 10 o'clock. There
will be a band concert In the City Hall
Park from 11 o'clock until it is time to
depart for the track.
To-morrow the Shriners- will visit
Berkeley, and the Board of Trade has ar
ranged to show them about the university
town. Their pathway will be strewn with
flowers and bouquets'wlll be presented to
all.
Last evening an enthusiastic meeting of
the local Shrlners was held in the Ma
sonic Temple and the details of the local
piogramme for Thursday, when the visit
ors will be here, were completed. Noble
Stephen T. Gage officiated as chairman
and Noble F. W. Bil&er as secretary. All
the Alameda County members of Islam
Temple will constitute the reception com
mittee on Thursday. The executive com
mittee consists of John A. Britton, F W
Bilger, A. W. Burrell, A. W. Bishop, E
K. Taylor, Clay Hawbacker, J. S. Emery
and G. W. Baker.
been made to give the Nobles of
the crescent and the fez a royal and cor
dial welcome.
OAKLAND, June 10. — Oakland and
Berkeley are to be visited by the
Mystic Shriners, and plans have
GRAND RALLY AND DRILL OF ARAB PATROLS AT MECHANICS' PAVILION BRING THE EVENTS
OF FIRST DAY OF MEETING TO FITTING^ CLOSE.
OAKLAND SHRINERS
WILL GIVE ROYflL
WELCOME TO NOBLES
%c MrS - "1; W- BXi %^ A * Sra^- Mrs - Robert
Moore, Mrs. William Edwards. Mrs John Ton
nlngsen, Mrs. Thomas Henderson. Mrs Dr
r a ,^ ue ',. Mrs - WeE U alI> Mrs - Georg-e' Lei
bold, Mrs. Thomas Erowne. Dr Bertha \V
Btaric. Mrs. P^ F. Ferguson, MI sg a. Ferguson;
Mre. Frank Buswell, Mrs. Captain Woodside,
Mrs. XV. A. Scott, Dr. Edna R Field
Mrs. W. H. Titus, Mrs. T. L. HUJ, Mre H T
Gravee. Mrs. John Bennett, Mrs. H. A^hcr'oft."
Mrs. R. p. HurJbut. Mrs. C. C. Kenzon. Mrs
B- P. Flint, Mrs. J. K. Firth. Mrs W E
'MJtz, Mrs. g.-Hendy, Mrs. Martin Jones Mrs"
O, T. tVeetphal. Mrs. William Cluff, Mrs J Ml
J-«el. Mrs. TTieo Keichart, Mrs. J. M. Spauld-
Jtv. Mrs. c. §. Benedict. Mrs. George Arm-
Jtr-. ng, airs. Genrr« Graham, Mrs. J. c. Camp
r t« L rs - A • ¦ "»- Baldwin. Mrs. Carroll Cook.
H™' X- W - Ss «nner. Mrs. A. B. McDonnell,
g 1 "- Geortre Clark. Mrs. F. W. Marsten, Mrs
¥¦ H- Bruce, Mrs7' Eaxnuel Snortridge, Mrs'
\v. D. K*y«ton. ¦¦-¦¦¦••
The committee was^asslsted by the fol
krwing named ladies: J w <-
JCn. C. L. Haikell. Mrs. C. A. Warren. Mrs.
LADIES' COMMITTEE.
The ladies who contributed to the suc
cess of the reception were:
The reception-room was decorated in a
manner befitting this land of fruits and
roses. Flowers and foliage were suspend
ed from the walls, while in one corner
were arranged festoons and bouquets of
callas and poppies. Marguerites and fra
grant sweet peas added their beauty and
delicious fragrance to the scene, and to
/Ptill heighten the effect the room was
.^V-Ullantly lighted with electric lights,
i-very woman who attended was present
ed with a basket of flowers. This was
done in order to give the visitors an op-
Po r^ u "«y to become better acquainted
¦with California's floral charms.
The ladies of the reception committee
were all handsomely gowned. Some of
them wore the white fezes, which became
them admirably. During the afternoon
Bennett s orchestra discoursed lively mu
5ic. and a chorus of Chinese girls from
the mission surprised and delighted the
visitors by singing several songs in fine,
clear voices.
RICH DECORATIONS.
THE Mystic Shriners and their
wives were given an opportu
nity yesterday afternoon of
enjoying a treat of real,
hearty, -wholesouled Western
hospitality. The reception
which was tendered them at
the Lick House proved an
event eo delightful that the visitors
roust inevitably carry a happy recol
lection of it back to their homes in
the East. The reception was under the
management of the wives and daughters
and lady friends of the members of Islam
Temple, and they proved themselves ex
cellent entertainers.
Probably never in its history has the
great dining-room in the Lick House,
where the reception was held, been the
•scene of a more attractive spectacle.
Thousands of handsomely gowned women
and men thronged the room from 2 until
£1 o'clock. Women from the East met and
gTeeted their sisters from the sunny Dixie
land, and both the women from the East
and South extended the hand of good fel
lowship to the women of the West and
Middle West.
After the formal welcome
of the Shriners by Mayor Schmltz the
council went Into executive session, and
proceeded to transact routine business.
The selection of a meeting-place was the
most important subject discussed.
It was conceded last year, when the
Shriners met at Kansas City, that Sara
toga Springs would be the next city fol
lowing San Francisco to secure th»
Shriner meeting. Saratoga Springs had a
pledged backing of 127 votes at Kansas
City, when ninety-eight was all that was
necessary to decide the matter. But when
the California delegates Went around
among the delegates praising up San
Francisco as a famous Western Mecca,
Saratoga lost hope. The delegation from
that city had little trouble to win its fight
yesterday, the only formidable competi
tor being Dallas, Texas. When the ques
tion was put to a vote the choice of the
council in favor of Saratoga was practi
cally unanimous.
The election of officers Is the event of
Importance on to-day's programme of the
Imperial Council. In accordance with the
custom which has been invariably fol
lowed by the Shrlners, Imperial Deputy
Potentate Henry C. Alkin of Omaha,
Neb., will be elected to succeed Philip C.
Shaffer in the offlce of imperial potentate.
And In accordance with the same custom
the other officers expect to be elected to
the next higher position In the following
order: Imperial deputy potentate, George
H. Green of Dallas, Texas; imperial chief
rabban, George I* Brown of Buffalo, N.
Y.; imperial assistant rabban, Henry A.
Collins of Toronto,- Canada; Imperial nigh
priest and prophet, Alva P. Clayton of St.
Joseph, Mo. .
" For the offlce of imperial oriental guide,
however, there will be a contest, if such it
may be called. The Shriners do not cam
paign nor seek election to office, but mere
ly await quietly for their brethren to elect
them if they see fit. There are thirty-one
representatives who are eligible to be
elected to this position, and it will not be
known until after the ballots are counted
which of the thirty-one has been chosen.
Imperial Treasurer William S. Brown of
Pittsburg, Pa., and Imperial Recorder
Benjamin W. Rowell of Lynn, Mass., will
undoubtedly be re-elected.
THE Imperial Council of Mys
tic Shrinera decided after a
brief, contest yesterday to
hold Its next meeting' at
Saratoga Springs, N. Y., on
the second Wednesday and
Thursday in July, 1303.
J. C. Wllkins, Mrs. G. B. Busbnell, Mrs. L.
B. MUler, Mrs. G. Lj Spear, Mrs. W. R.
Pague, Mrs. A. L. J. de Guerre, Mrs. A. S.
Eoule, Mrs. CM. Abrams, Mrs. CM. Plum,
Mrs. Ted Cohen, Mrs. M. A. Chrlstensen, Mrs.
TV'. R. Jones. Mrs. T. J. Crowley, Mrs. B. F.
Garrett, Mrs. W. L. Growall, Mrs. A. G. Nel
son, Mrs. T. J. Brown. Mrs. W. S. Southard,
Mrs. Harry Furman, Mrs. J. Farnham, Mrs.
B. F. Stoll, Mrs. J. S. Potts, Mrs. R. L.
Hathorn, Mrs. W. H. Dynes, Mrs. W. S. Gage,
Mrs. George W. Lippman, Mrs. H. Jacobson,
Mrs. M. Torpmann, Mrs. H. Noah, Mrs. C. M.
Torpmann, Mrs. Francis Ferrier, Mrs. L. New
man, Mrs J. A. Clover, Miss M. Goodman, Miss
Umbscn, Mrs. A. B. 'Wood, Mrs. A. J. de
Laman, Mrs. Georg-e Habernicht. Mrs. F. P.
Ladd, Mrs. T. C. Payne, Mrs. G. H. PIppy,
Mrs. R. McMillan. Mrs. J. Tonningsen. Mrs.
D. R. Payne, Mrs. L. A. Arzner, Mrs. W. E.
Edwards.
Saratoga Springs WIqs
in Contest for the
Next Meeting.
THOUSANDS OF PILGRIMS fiND THEIR FRIENDS
0RE LAVISHLY ENTERTAINED.
LADIES RECEIVE THE VISITING NOBELS
•¦ . t •,- .. . . - ..•. . ..-¦ ....... ,-.....¦ . . . - _ : y • • ¦ ¦••¦.¦.¦ ¦-. ,.,¦--.¦ • - .. ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902.
5: ..Colonel Bryan says there are worse things than
political defeats,^ and it seems fair to infer that a calf
has run over. him.
At a moderate price— one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine basswood
brass trimmed, with leather straps and
two trays. It Is a leader in our trunk de
partment and the price is *9 50. It is much
larger than the trunks previously adver
tised at $7 50 and $8 50 each. We have a
Bpeclal suit case at $7 50 that is equallv
cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
Do You Want a Trunk :
About the only thing the' Filipino's have asked-
Uncle Sam for is better, money/and more of it, so
they seem to be assimilating pretty fast.
Major Devol, depot quartermaster, has
received ' information • from Washington
that thV transport : Grant must be sold.
No time has as yet been set for the mak
ing of bids." The Egbert . and the Rose
crans have. both been;cffered for.sale,re
cently, but no 'offers received were deemed
worthy, of consideration '-by the War De
partment and. the steamers are now lying
Idle. The . Grant is a converted cattle
boat and has - been deemed one of' the
best transports in the service-
Grant Is Offered for Sale.
Snappy Campaign for Johnson.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 10.— The Demo
cratic State Central Committee decided
to-day to hold the State convention ai
Sandusky September 2 and 3. Mayor Ton
L. Johnson of Cleveland was elected tem
porary chairman of the. convention In s
spirited contest, receiving • 10% votes tc
£1-3 cast for Samuel E. Johnson of Cin
cinnati and 1 1-3 for J. L. Zimmerman OJ
Springfield. S. E. Johnson was the can
didate put forward by the friends of Johr
R. McLean. The holding of a late con
vention is In accordance with the" wlshe.
of Mayor Johnson, who favors a shon
and snappy campaign.
Probably the greatest sale that has been
conducted In San Francisco during the
past ten years is the sale now being car
ried" on at both Market and Post street
stores of Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman.
During the past week the rush was so
great that they, were unable to handle ths
crowds. The doors were closed, only ad
mitting as many as could be comfortably
vraited upon. ,
The fact that the rush continued all
through the week and that many who
purchased on^?Monday returned to buy
again later in the week is ample proof
that the bargains offered were bona fide.
For next week's sale they have greatly
ir creased their facilities and have suc
ceeded in employing a large number of
extra clerks and can, consequently, Insure
better service than they were able to give
lust week.
Many people from the country were no
ticed during the sale and there is no doubt
but that they purchased enough supplies
to last them for several months in ad
vance. -" ¦ . - ...
The Market-street store of this concern
is going out of business. They have
leased the entire building In which Is sit
uated their Post-street establishment, and
will there conduct one of the largest re
tail .stores in this city. By closing out
their Market-street store and selling the
entire stock they will be able to concen
trate . all of their efforts upon the new
store and will no doubt make it a favor
able shopping place for. San Francisco
women; . No one can afford to miss an
opportunity such as this. •
A Great Sale.
The chief thing in the; enjoyment of. the holiday
season is to rid the mind of carking cares and the
excitements and the worry of business. That free
dom can be obtained in the far off mountains, and
it can be obtained also at home. It matters not
therefore to which class a man belongs, he will be a
true holiday maker if he rejoices in the glow of the
summer and remembers that a man should work to
live and not live. to work. There are times when a
rest is not merely a recreation, but a genuine re
creation of the worn fibers and -tissues of the body
and the faculties of the mind. Vacation is more than
a social fad. It is •something that men and- women,
whether they stay in town or go abroad/ should try
to live, up to.
It would be foolish to debate which of the two
sets of citizens is the wiser or which has. the better
time. He «is a wise man who leaves San Francisco to
make himself acquainted with the varied beauties and
delights of the country, whether by seashore or in
the mountains, and a good time awaits him if he
have any capacity whatever for enjoyment either of
scenery, sport, fruit, flowers or hospitality. On the
other hand he is equally wise who decides to spend
his ¦¦Summer leisure -in San Francisco and make him
self acquainted with his family and neighbors by
seeking such pleasures as are to be found here and
in the immediate suburbs.
WITH the coming of the holiday season the
urban population- of the country divides
itself into two classes; 5 one class goes away
for the summer and the ; other class stays at home.
The first class exclaims, "The city is deserted!" The
second class looks around at the crowd of visitors
and excursionists and says, "The. city is crowded!"
It is thus evident that the two classes live in differ r
ent worlds and -see different things or else that one
of the two lies — under a mistake. .
THE HOLIDAY SEASON.
CENSUS BULLETIN- '.No. 164 gives statis
tics relating to agriculture in California. It
says:' "The farms of California, June 1, 1900,
numbered 72,542, and had a value of $707,912,960.
Of this amount '$77,468,000, or 10.9 per cent, repre
sents the value of buildings, and $630,444,960, or 89.1
per cent, the value of land and improvements other
than buildings. On the same date the value of farm
implements and machinery was $21,311,670, and that
of livestock $67,303,325. These "values, added to that
of farms, give $796,527,955, the total value of farm
property." ... ,
The total- value of farm products for 1899 was
$l3i;6oo,6o6, of which amount $36,324,894 represents
the value of animal products and $95,365,712 the value
_of crops and forest products,. The ".value of the total
prpduct for the year exceeded that of 1889 by $44,
657,316, or 51:3 per cent. The percentage of gross
income, upon investment fdr 1899 was 14.8..
In a review of the State generally from an agri
cultural-point of view the bulletin says that of the
total area of 99,827,200 acres only,28,828,95i acres, or
,28.9 per cent, ar e included in farms: rate of' in-'
crease in the number of farms by decades since 1850
is given thus: -[
Number of Number of '
Y *ar-. Farms. Acres. . Average
1«X).... ....72,5-12 28,828,951 397 4
1890 : 52,894 21,427.293 405 1
. 1SB0 33,934 . 16,593,742 4(518
1OT0 23,724 11,427,105 4817
1S60 ...18,716 .8,730,034 466 4
1850.... 872 S,893,9S5 4,465.6
In reporting the agricultural development by
counties the report says: "In San Francisco and
Tuolumne counties the number of farms 4 reported in
1900 was more. than double that of ten years before,
and in Inyo, Siskiyou and Los Angeles counties the
gains were nearly as great. Seven counties show de
creases, but, with the . exception of Colusa and
Amador, whose losses are 43.4 and 20 per cent, re
spectively, they were all comparatively. slight. The
decrease in Colusa County was doubtless due to a
change in boubdary since 1890. The total area of
farm • land in the . State is 34-5 per cent; greater than
in 1890. In' . Tuolumne,. San Francisco, Mono,
Orange, Kern and Inyo counties the farm area more
than doubled. Of the decreases shown the largest
were for Colusa and San Bernardino counties." ' .
The growth of the orchard industry .during the de
cade is one of the marvels of the development of the
State. Within that period the ntfmber of orchard
trees increased from 7,824,892 to 28,138,471. The
value of the orchard; product was not reported in the
census of 1890, but in -1879 it was $2,017,314, while in
1899 it amounted to $14,526,786, being- a sixfold gain
in twenty years.
It is noted that while in most- States of the Union
v * ¦ .
AGRICULTURE IN CALIFORNIA.
It was after Collector Leach had made
these denials to Garfleld that Senatoi
Kanna went to the White House. The
Interview lasted for nearly an hour,
v.-htn Senator Hanna came away he said
that the charges which had been made
by Representative Burton were ridicu
lous. He could not understand what was
the matter with Burton, and said the lat
ter had no ground for complaint. He also
said that th,ere would be no Investigation
and that the whole thing was- too trivial
to occupy the attention of the President.
Hanna said that it would be*difflcult to
draw the line as to where Federal offl
auls should refrain from taking an inter
eft In public affairs. It would be ridicu
lous to say that because a man held a
Federal office he must cease to take part
In the primaries of his party, and no
President has ever yet been able to make
a hare and fast rule. Senator Hanna In
dicated that there was danger of a sever
ance of the pleasant relations between
himself and the President.
Friends of Burton, who is still absent in
Virginia, took a different view. They say
that Burton has to make good his threat
to file formal charges against the Hanna
officials or be in a ridiculous position.
Senator Hanna's enemies • in Ohio an
seeking to keep the feud alive and have
been sending many messages to Burton
urging him to press for an Investigation
Their activity bids fair to defeat theii
ends, because the minute the President
rihds out that other politicians are using
the incident to further their own ends h«
is likely to dropHhe whole thing.
Senator Hanna had another interview
w'th President Roosevelt to-day abou
the charges which have been made agalns
his friends, Federal officeholders of Cleve
land, for undue activity in primary poll
tics The situation had become so seri
ous, threatening the friendly relations 01
the President and the chairman of the
Republican National Committee, that Col
lector Leach,, one of the accused officials,
came to Washington and made a denial
of the charges to Civil Service Commis
sioner Garfield.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N
W., WASHINGTON; June 10.— It is be
Hevcd'that the quarrel between the' Presl
dent and Senator Hanna has been de
ferred for the present. It may come, bu
not now.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The House
to-day defeated the bill to transfer cer
tain forest reserves to the Agricultural
Department and to authorize the Presi
dent to establish game and nsh preserves.
Its death was accomplished by striking
out the enacting clause.
The motion was made by Cannon and
was carried by 100 to TO. He claimed that
th« bill would greatly increase the cost of
administering forest reserves and declared
that the estimated receipts of the next
fiscal year were .already exceeded by the
appropriations up to the present time by
over $51,000,000. • .
The House then. adopted a special order
for the consideration of the Corliss Pacific
cable bill by a vote ,of 108 to 73, and for
the remainder of the afternoon listened
to the author of the measure argue In
favor of its passage.. Dalzell 6f Penn
sylvania, who presented the rule an
nounced that he was opposed to the Gov
ernment building a cable to the Philp-
Hlues. He said he favored the construc
tion of an American cable by American
ranital and gave notice that at the prop
" S P he would offer as a substitute a
bill to authorize the President to contract
for the construction of a cable under cer
ta The C m n inorny S 'of the Commerce Commlt
tce opposed the Corliss bill on the ground
hat Te Commercial Pacific Company is
now at work building a cable, which is to
be laid by 1905.
Boston's municipal printing establishment has been
a failure, but Booker Washington's press at Tuskee
gee did $8000 worth of printing during the last col
lege year and cleared $700 for the school in doing it,
and now the Bostonians are' thinking of applying to
the Alabama negroes for instruction as to how they
did it. .- ,
PRESIDENT AND
HANNA DEFER
THEIR QUARREL
which Professor Parker had rendered tc
music in America and England, and ex
pressed the hope that his labors had bj
no means ceased.
TWO OP THE DISTINGUISHED
MEN HONORED BY CAM
BRIDGE UNIVERSITY.
"Heart shakes" are splits which radiate
from the center to the circumferance of a
tree. -
Luxuriant hair with Its youthful color as
sured by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Rlndercoras, the best cure for corns. IScts.
The savins of a few cents on a bottl* of Va
nilla Extract will not atone for annoyance oC
bavins; dessert "Just a little off" ta flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, the standard Quality.
PP Going to Thunder Motmtala tt
Th» " Northern Pacific Railway is th* best,
cheapest and quickest routs. From Lewlatoo
and Btltea. Idaho, there ar» rood wagon ro»li*>
to e'ther "Warrens or Dtzlo, from which point*
the trails Into this district are- most accesslbl*.
_For rates, eta. address T. K. STATELER.
Q. A.. 647 Market at.. S. F. •
The first Iron forga In English XortH
America, was located at Raynham in th«
year 1653. _
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public 'man by tlM
Fiess Cllppins Bureau (Allen's), 8) CsJU
fornla street. Telephone Main 1M3» •
PACIFIC CABLE
BILL DISCUSSED
IN THE HOUSE
Others who received th© honorary de
gree were the Duke of Argyll, the Maha
rajahs of Gwallor and Kolapoor, Baron
Hayashl, the Japanese Minister to Great
Britain; the Right Hon. Sir Richard Col
lins, who was arbitrator on the Venezue
lan boundary question, and Is a former
l^ord Justice of Appeals; the Right Hon.
Sir Joseph Rldgeway, Governor of Cey
lon, and Lieutenant Colonel Sir Albert
Hlme, Prime Minister and Minister of De
fense, Natal. : '
In presenting Professor Horatio V7.
Parker of Yale University with the de
gree of doctor of music, the public orator
referred enthusiastically to the services
The public orator, John Edwin Sandys,
relerred to Reid's previous official visit to
England and his return on the equally
uusplcious occasion of the coronation.
Held, said the orator, had also distin
guished himself as Embassador of the
United States to France and as the editor
of "Talleyrand's Memoirs," while for the
last thirty years he , had ably conducted
the New York Tribune, with which he had
initiated and long continued, a fund for
giving the boon of fresh country air to
poor children. Reid embodied the human
ity, kindly { feeling and friendship of his
country, and was thus entitled to a
hearty welcome not only for his own sake
but also for that of the great trans-Atlan
tic republic which he so worthily repre
sented.
CAMBRIDGE, England, June 10.—
The degree of doctor of laws was
conferred this afternoon on
Whitelaw Reid, the special com
miBslon|r of the United States to the cor
onation of King Edward, by Cambridge
University. . .
Townsend's California glae« fruit. 60s <
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nled
nresent for Eastern friends. 639 Market
¦treet. Palace Hotel building. •
In this respect one Judge is just as trustworthy as
another, and there is not an intelligent member of
either party in the city who doubts that any of our
Superior Judges will give the case a fair trial, and
that when a finality is reached in the Supreme Court
it will deserve the respect of all good citizens. .
All the talk about "a juicy scandal" has for its mo
tive only a chronic desire to destroy public respect
for the courts. This is a policy that is distinctly an
archistic and injurious to the legal and judicial sup
port of our institutions, and to the rights of person
and property. Lawyers may have their own mo
tives about Judges and cases. Their obligations as
officers of the court restrain them within , certain
bounds. Newspapers are under no restraint but the
sense and conscience of those who dictate their pol
icy, and if these be depraved society suffers in.no
respect more keenly than when this irresponsibility
is directed against the courts
It has been put on record by members of_the Ex
aminer's party In this city that it has demanded in
party conventions the defeat of certain men and the
selection of certain others for nomination to judi
cial positions. One of the few things recently put to
the credit of that party is its resistance to these de
/ mands, when assent would have created a judiciary
representing the Examiner and not the people. '
In the matter of the current attack .upon Judge
Cook the parties to the action do not intend that
the decision of the Superior Court shall stand as the^
law of the case. Whatever the decision may be, an
appeal will be taken to the Supreme Court, to the
end that the finality may have the sanction of that,
bench. The issue affects, in one of its most impor
tant provisions, the fundamental law of San -Fran
cisco, and the inconvenience of individuals and the
temporary interruption of official authority may well
be borne with pa^ence, in order that the value of
that part of the charter may be judicially determined.
It must in fairness be said for the Mayor and for his
new appointees and for the members of the old
board that they have all shown a commendable de
sire to proceed decently and ip order in the matter,
and whatever element of littleness of%pirit and de
sire to injure the courts may be in it is supplied en
tirely by the Bulletin and Examiner. It is sought to
infuse a partisan spirit into the trial. If the issue be
political a Republican has just as much right to ask
that it be tried by a Republican Judge as a Democrat
that it go to judgment before a court of his own
faith.
Human society is held together by the integrity of
judicial courts. Public confidence in Judges is even
more necessary than purity of the ballot. The gen
eral uprightness of American courts is the glory of
the republic. Legal questions seem intricate to lay
men, who take no time for their study, and' nothing
is easier than for a designing and evil disposed news-,
paper to misrepresent the decisions of courts and
interfere with that judicial independence and im
partiality which, are necessary to the proper admin
istration of justice.
Judge Cook, as presiding Judge, has control of
the quo warranto proceeding, which will validate or
vitiate the title of the old Board of Health to its of
fice, and of course will determine the right of the
Mayor to make vacancies by removal and fill them
by appointment. Judge Cook can elect to try the
case himstlf or can assign it to another Judge, or
can call others to sit with him in the hearing. For
doing or not doing any or either he is no more to be
abused and charged with ulterior, motives than was
Judge Sloss for his obvipusly correct decision in the
injunction case brought by the old Board of Health.
Just why these two newspapers persist in this pecu
liar knocking of the courts is not plain. The Ex
aminer's law department is in the habit of manufac
turing legal principles that are unknown in the
science of the law, and when a court decision is not
to its liking it appeals to itself, or to a mass-meeting,
for a reversal.
' I >HE Examiner example is regarded as worthy
I of imitation by the Bulletin. The Examiner
¦*• attacked Judge Sloss ior his perfectly proper
decision that the title to an office cannot be tried in
an injunction suit. Mayor Schmitz, who has an in
telligent conception of judicial proceedings and de
sires that the powers which he claims to exercise un
der the charter shall have judicial sanction, followed
the course pointed out by Judge Sloss and has
brought a quo warranto suit to try the title of the
Board of Health, which was involved in tHe decision
of Judge Sloss. The right of the Mayor to remove
members of the boards created by the charter is in
issue. It is among the great powers conferred upon
the executive of the city. If it be wrongly conferred
and in violation of the constitution, the Mayor and
the people should know it at once. The only way
to know whether it is his right or not is by resort to
the courts. The Mayor has taken that course. The
Examiner abused one Judge for pointing out the
way, and the Bulletin is now abusing another be
cause that way is taken in his court.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Towasend's,*
CaL glac fruit 50c per lb at Townaeadrav*
ABUSING THE COURT.
SAN JOSE. Juno 10.— The Southern Pa
cific, through its ¦ district agent, Paul
Shoup, has offered to do all it can to re
lieve the threatened dearth of labor dur-»
Ing the handling of the coming fruit cro]>
In this valley. The Grange, the Farmers^
Club and other organizations are asked ta
make a canvass and see Just how mnctt
help will be needed, together with th*
time It will be employed and the wages*
If the valley Is to be short of labor th4
railroad company will try to Induce youn*
Eastern farmers to come out here.
Bailroad Will Aid Orchardists.
That is the situation. By exempting the .bonds
from taxation we would place our own investors
upon equal terms with outside investors. We would
thus be enabled to sell the bonds to better advan
tage, and at the same time retain the bonds within
the State. That would mean a saving of the interest
charges that are now sent abroad: It would, more
over, lighten the rate of interest that municipalities,
counties and districts have to pay. In short, argu
ment for the .measure is overwhelming. The
amendment is known as Senate constitutional
amendment No. 3. Make a note of it. Work for it.
Vote for it.
The current number of California Municipalities
says: "The estimated total amount of public bonds
outstanding "is in round numbers $16,000,006, one
half of this amount being the bonds of municipalities,
the remainder being the bonds of the State, counties
and school districts. Of this amount less ' than
$1,000,000 is listed for taxation purposes; that is to
say, private investors, residents of this State, prob
ably hold less than one-sixteenth of our public
bonds. The annual interest charge on these bonds is
approximately $750,000. This charge has to be met
by taxation, and our taxpayers are contributing the
much larger portion of this sum to the enrichment
of Eastern investors."
No State or nation can tax'its own bonds to ad
vantage. The United States does not attempt to do
so, neither should the State of California.
The taxation of public bonds is designed to add to
.the revenues of the State, but as a matter of fact very
little revenue is derived from it because most of* the
bonds are held abroad and cannot be reached by
California Tax Collectors. Despite the fact that they
thus" escape taxation, they are sold subject to the
tax and have to bear a rate of interest sufficient to
protect the purchaser against it. If the interest rate
be not high enough for that purpose the bonds have
to be sold at a discount. The consequence is that
we not only lose the tax, but we also lose the amount
of interest paitLto covexthe tax. • '
The amendment- has been under consideration a
long time, and further argument is hardly needed
uponvit now. The League of California Municipal^'
ties, which represents ¦seventy-five of the incorpor
ated cities and towns of the State, stands responsible
for the passage of the amendment by the Legisla-
ture, and is now actively working to procure its
adoption 'by the people. The support of the league
gives assurance " that the measure" is in the interest
of municipalities. As a: matter of fact it is in the in
terest of the whole State and of all the people of the
State. The taxation of public bonds is a handicap
upon public improvements, and seriously interferes
with the advancing welfare of the commonwealth and
all its counties and cities.
BEFORE the excitements of the campaign be
gin and the thoughts of the people aVe ab
sorbed in the struggle of rival parties and the
personal fortunes of candidates, attention t should be
•given to the proposed constitutional amendment
which provides that "all bonds hereafter issued by
the State of California, or by any county, city and
county, or municipal corporation, or district (includ
ing school, reclamation and irrigation districts),
within such State, shall be free and exempt from tax
ation." V
TAXING. PUBLIO BONDS.
Having postponed her exposition "for a year, St.
Louis is thinking of various ways to fill in the time,
and as one means of doing it has started a movement
to get the Government to deepen the Mississippi
River so as? to make St. Louis a seaport to which the
largest ocean vessels can come, and make Chicago
envious. ..'..¦''
Wednesday" •:....... june n, W
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriitjr.
t iirttt All Cunasaicfctios* t» W. S. LEAKS, Ku»g:r.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department Yon V -*h.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .. Market and Third. S. V.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 StrrenNoa St.
Delivered by Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnele Cople*. 5 Cent*. *
Term* by Mali. Inelndlnir Por facet
DATX/r CALX. <1ncludine Sunday), one year $6.00
DAIX.T CALL llncludlng- Sunday). 6 month* S.OO
DaILT CALL <lnc!ud!ns Sunday). 3 month* I>M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63e
SUNDAY CALL. One Year l.M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All poMmmlern nre nntliorired to receive
subscription*.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested. ,
Mail retweribera in ordering cha: je of address abould be
particular to rfcre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O1KLA.VD OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE IvROGMSSS.
Zingtr rcrtigi Atnrtisteg, Ktrqcette Ecildicg, CMeiga ,
(Long Distance Telephore "Central 2819.") - .
TO DESCRIBEES LEAVING TOVH FOR THE SUMMER^
Call «ai«crllifr« coatemplatlnc a. ch&ngre of
residence during the lammer months can bare
their paper fornardrd by mall to their new
• ddreaae-s by notifying The Call Business Ofilee.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by n local agent in
•ill tovraa on the coast.
In this situation we beg to assure the Prison Di
rectors that if they proceed with an earnest investi
gation, intended to get at the facts and not to dodge
them, we will furnish them with enough testimony to
establish every material charge that has been made.
Forged bills cannot; be made to swear to affidavits
that they are true bills, and the official solder ap
plied by the Governor to supposed leaks may have
been wasted at the wrong place in the pipes. We
anticipated this cours'e on his part, and therefore we
said that the accounts might be shuffled, the books
substituted and the"torch put to the prison itself,
and yet we would present substantiating evidence to
prove the charges. We repeat and affirm, that of
fer, and the people want to know what the Prison
Directors are going to do about it.
The narrow Gage road-is not the one for them to
travel toward public confidence.
The testimony of the records which has been given
to the public shows the forgery of bills and accounts,
the manufacture, Unlawfully, out of the State's prop
erty, of articles which have been presented with an
exceeding impartiality that has distributed them to
the private homes of officials and resorts under le
signe rouge. Bills paid by the State show a multi
tude of articles that are not prison supplies. The
revelations make necessary a public investigation of
the most searching character. This was admitted
and the inquiry was demanded by the Governor, and
the Warden, but now both seek to block it with
forestalling affidavits, secured under duress from per
sons without whose testimony they think nothing
can be proved. ' —
The Governor is perfectly aware that this per
formance at plumbing is not an investigation. He
knows that such an attempt to forestall testimony is
a vain thing, and that his inquiry behind the door ap
pears to have been in his own interest, to sophisticate
testimony in the suits he intends to bring for the re
pair of his own reputation. If there be crime in the
conditions revealed by The Call the Governor made
himself particeps criminis, we did not, and after or
dering himself into the dock he can do his case no
good by using his power as Governor to manufacture
testimony. But he has added that to the prison in
dustries, when the law forbids any" manufacture ex
cept jute sacks at that institution. ... .
den or Directors to make oath under duress that
they had not given out any information and that they
believed the. prison was as pure as a cradle I' - ••¦ ;
It is perfectly apparent that the Governor was
called into the case only as an official plumber, to
hunt for the leaks through which information of the
true condition. of the prison escaped. •- Believing that
he had found them, last Sunday he soldered >them
with affidavits. He compelled persons connected
officially with the prison as subordinates of the War-
'conclusion over his own signature, and his organs
give no reasons for the finding which they say he has
public the Governor, in a signed statement, said that
it did not concern him at all, but that he had perfect
confidence in - Warden Aguirre and demanded the
broadest investigation of that official, ' confident that
it would vindicate him. The Warden also demanded
investigation. In those days investigation was sung
as a duet by the Governor and Warden, with chorus
by the organs of the-Governor. .The Prison Direct
ors offer a proper and broad road to an investiga
tion, but they have not moved, and the Governor
has taken the matter up, has investigated on a nar
row road, behind closed doors, and announces no
guilty, will proceed to. bring criminal and civil suits
against ThelCalland Los Angeles Times.
When the* misconduct at rtie prison was first made
IT is announced, in the Governor's organ, that he
has finished his private inquiry into his relations
to San Quentin affairs, and", finding. himself not
The fight over Ide and Crocker has split
the Republican party In twain, and almost
every county has both Foster and "Wilson
organizations. "Wilson aspires to be elect
ed Senator by the next*Legislature. Tha
creation of the office for Crocker proves
a victory for Benjamin a Grosscup.West
ern counsel for the Northern Pacific, wfi£,
has led the Foster fight In thi3 State. *
TACOMA, June 10.— The fight' between
the Foster and Wilson factions of tha
Republican party. In this State over the
appointment of former United States Mar
shal Clarence Ide as Collector of Custom3
has been carried so far that President
Roosevelt" was compelled . to end • it by
creating a new office, to which B. D.
Crocker, the Foster candidate for Col
lector, could be appointed. This was ac
complished to-day, when the 'President,
by executive order, erected Washington
Into a new internal revenue district and
named Crocker for Collector at a salary
of $1000 yearly. Heretofore Washington
. has been a part of the Oregon district.
' For several months Senator Foster has
prevented the confirmation of Ide in the*
Senate. It is almost certafh now that Ide
will be confirmed next Thursday. Ide is
the candidate of a faction which is led
by John L. "Wilson, formerly United
States Senator.
CREATES OFFICE
TO END A FEUD
IN WASHINGTON.
These figures make .but a formal presentation of
our agricultural prosperity. Still they . attest the
value of our rural .industries and the wide field that
is open £6r their expansion. In no other land on the
globe can the farmer live so pleasantly, work so
agreeably at all seasons and reap such sure and such
large rewards. That much at least is made clear. in
the plain figures of. the bulletin.
the. urban population, is increasing, faster than that
living on farms, the reverse is the case in California.'
The report says: "From 1850 to 1900 the popula
tion of California increased from 92,597 to 1,483,053,
or sixteenfold, while the number of farms increased
from 872 to 72,542, or over eightyfold. In other
words, from 1850 to 1900 the number of farms," and
hence the number of persons operating. them as own
ers or tenants/ increased faster than the population.
This statement applies also, to the decades, 1850 to
i860, 1870 to 1880, and 1890 to 1900."
THE NARROW GAGE ROAD.
, . - ........ ,, ..... . v: ._.
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL- WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902.
CAMBRIDGE HONORS
COMMISSIONER REID
6
I B.KATSGHINSKi
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. \
n 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I LADIES' TAN LACE.
I Sold Cheap.
|! Another chance for summer
1 shoes. This will surely close the lot
a out. so don't overlook this special
H offer. LADIES' TAN VICI KID
fl LACE AND BUTTON SHOES, coin
H toes and tips, French or leather
a heels, ALL MIXED TOGETHER
P and REDUCED TO fcl.loTk
K PAIR. We have the following: sizes:
n AA Wide, S to 7ft. C wide. 2V, to 3
El A wide. 2% to T. and «% to 8.
fl B wide, 2ii to <V> D wld». 2V, to Z
m and 6 to 8. and 6^ to 3. ,'
• E wide. 2!4 to 3 and 6V3 to 7^.
II We do not guarantee to fill coun-
B try orders on sale shoes.
I LADIES' WHITE
ICANVAS OXFORDS.
f\ LADJJPS' WHITE CANVAS OX-
m FORD TIES, coin toes and tips,
M turned soles and French heels,
M sizes 3 to 7'ii. widths AA to E, R "C-
g DUCED TO 75c A PAJR. h\\
I INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S {H
TAN VICI KID LACE AND BUT- I
TON SHOES, turned soles and coin t\
toes and tips; • big reduction In \A
price; widths CtoE; infants' sizes W
1^4 to 5%, only 45 c: child's sizes. ||
4^ to 8, with spring heels, only U
MEN'S CANVAS OXFORDS I
The very latest style of MEN'S I
CANVAS OXFORD TIES; two col- V
ors, white or gray; coin toes and |j
tips; REDUCED TO Sl.Jjrj A fl
PAIR; sizes 6 to 11. width* CtoE. II
New Illustrated catalogue just M /
out. Send for one. k\
. b. katschiMki, I
I PH1LADELPHIA.SH0E GO. |
i 10 THIRD STREET. 1 K
ri San Francisco.Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure it is to look at -pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
photos yourself. "We have cameras from
50c up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
LEG AMPUCATED.— Gladys Sine, aeed 3
years, and residing at 76S Folsom street, was
run over by a Folsom-street car yesterday
afternoon and sustained a fracture of the right
leg. She was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital and it was found necessary to amputate
the leg above the knee.
Section 1032 — The public records and other
matters in the office of any officer are at all
times, during office hours, open to the in
epectlon of any citizen of this State.
The press is a thorn in the side- of the
great conductor of a businesslike admin
istration. The San Francisco Call and
the Sacramento Bee persist in sending
reporters to see the official records relat
ing to public expenditures and pardons.
Section 1032 of the Political Code is par
ticularly obnoxious to Governor Gage and
the Los Angeles gang that infests San
Quentin and Sacramento. The section
reads:
A short time ago the Governor sought
to release on parole from Folsom prison
an offender who happens to be close to
a water front statesman. In this case
the Governor ran against a snag, as
there was a prior conviction against the
prisoner. When Gage heard that some
one connected with the prison had fol
lowed the usual custom of making inquiry
as to whether a "prior" existed his Excel
lency was highly indignant. His indigna
tion was so intense that he threatened to
set aside the "prior conviction" and re
lease the prisoner, but he decided to wait.
The purpose of the administration to
work the State prisons for all that they
are worth politically is now obvious to
the people of California.
PRIOR CONVICTION SNAG.
The story comes from Colusa that
Brick has a friend in the person of a
•well known machine politician. Gage be
ing a rampant seeker for an extension of
the Gage-Kevane-Aguirre regime, studied
to please the push.
As the Supreme Court sustained the
judgment of the Superior Court in the
conviction of Brick for the crime of, mur
der in the first degree, the proceedings
must have been according to law, but the
executive, constituting himself reviewer
of the tacts and the law, says. the crime
waa manslaughter and not murder.
Doubtless Foley, Kevane and Aguirre
concurred in this ruling of the executive.
It is now proper for the Supreme Court
to observe that the Gage-Kevane court
has reversed the Judgment of the court
which the constitution recognizes. . In the
case of the paroled highbinder the Gov
ernor assumed that the cook was probably
ini'ocent.
Whereas, Said Patrick Brick has actually
served a term of fifteen years' confinement In
the State prison at Folsom; and
Whereas, In view of the facts and the good
character of said Patrick Brick, both before
and after his imprisonment, it appears that
justice and clemency require in this case a
full and unconditional pardon; -
Now, therefore, by virtue of the authority
In me vested by. the constitution and laws of
the State, I, Henry T. Gage, as Governor of
the State of California, do hereby pardon the
said Patrick Brick, and order upon the receipt
of these presents that he be discharged from
custody, and restored to citizenship.
GAGE'S CONTEMPT OP COURT.
Whereas, The highest punishment prescribed
for manslaughter was then and still is ten
years' imprisonment; and
Whereas, Upon an examination of the
facts of the case. I I find that the
prisoner was convicted of the crime
during a period of «reat popular excite
ment, due to the previous murder of Dr. Glenn,
committed in the same locality some few
months prior to the killing of Jones by said
Patrick Brick, and prejudice was engendered
thereby against said Brick, and it further con
clusively appears to me that the killing of
Jones by said Patrick Brick was in a sudden
quarrel and heat of passion, and immediately
after being- violently assaulted and knocked
down by said deceased, so that the highest
crime for which said Patrick Brick should have
been lawfully convicted, if proper to convict
at all, was manslaughter; and
Patrick Brick in 18S5 was tried in the
Superior Court of Colusa County and con
victed of the crime of murder in the first
degree and sentenced to be hanged,. whlcn
Judgment and sentence .were thereafter
affirmed on appeal to the Supreme Court.
Governor Stoneman commuted the sen
tence to life imprisonment. Governor
Waterman was asked to grant a pardon
but declined to interfere. Governor Mark
ham was similarly asked, ¦ but declined.
Governor Gage granted an unconditional
pardon. In giving reasons for his clem
ency the executive said:
MUBDER IN FIRST DEGREE.
Governor Gage and the attaches of his
Los Angeles law office cannot, it seems,
transact the business of the State in an
open, legitimate fashion. They resort to
all sorts of peculiar dodges to withhold
knowledge of official facts from the pub
lic. . Gage, Foley, ¦ Agulrre and Kevane
stand ¦ in together. Special effort was
made ; to conceal the fact that the Gov
ernor, in ..the'-" latter part of ¦ May, 1901,
gave a full pardon to Patrick Brick. The
Sacramento Bee, \ getting a hint that
Brick had been given his freedom, sent to
the Governor's office for a copy of the
record in the case. The record book was
inspected, but it contained no entry .of
the pardon. Foley, the private secretary,
had no information to impart. The re
porter of the Bee, having had some ex
perience in dealing with the attaches of
the Governor, pursued the investigation
in another direction and finally brought
to light the record. In due time the rec
ord book was filled up to correspond with
the facts, but the record was not placed
where It should have been entered until
the Bee exploited the story.
Newspaper Men in Quest of
Records Displease the
Executive.
Incidents Concerning the
Release of a Life
Termer.
CAGE'S PARDON
OF PAT BRICK
Continued from Page One.
PROCESSION PROVOKES ENTHUSIASM
The Pollard Juvenile ¦ Opera . Company
will give a special matinee performance
this afternoon at Fischer's Theater. The
troupe will produce '.'Pinafore." To-mor
row the clever youngsters will depart for
Australia on the steamer Sierra: The com
pany, has I been In existence for twenty
years, and each year the manager; re
cruits the cleverest little people he can
find.' There are fifty- two juveniles in -the
company. - —
Juvenile Opera Matinee.
Riding in the wake of the second divi
sion was Mayor Schmitz and his wife,
who were seated in an open carriage. The
chief executive of the city was enthuaisti
cally greeted along, the line and he re
sponded by continually "doffing his hat.
Mrs. Schmitz smiled graciously and
seemed to enjoy the popularity of her
husband. ;>'i , .
The third division was In charge of
Marshal William H. Walker. A large
band led the members of Syria, Lu Lu,
Rajah and Almas temples. The various
temples were preceded by their drill corps
and the people were treated to some
clever drilling. . ¦
The fourth division, forty strong, with
John B. McCune, grand marshal, at its
head, swung into line and made a grand
showing in their colors of blue and red.
The division- was composed of Aladdin
Temple, Al Koran Temple, Moslem
Temple,, Saladin ' Temple and Syrian
Temple.
The fifth division, led by John W.
Swatek, marshal, and composed of Medl
nah Temple, Murah Temple, Tripoli Tem
ple Za Za Zlg Temple and Zurah Temple,
followed in phalanx order. Then came the
sixth division, with Edgar French, the
young Shriner, on a pony. Arrayed in
white, they marched down Market street
and. elicited great applause from the
crowds. ¦ ' ¦ ¦,-
The sixth division came along on a
quick step, headed by a band. The divi
sion was in command of W. M. Porteous
marshal, and was composed of Moolah
Temple, Alae Temple, Ararat Temple,
Hamasa . Temple, Ilella Temple and
Molla Temple. * .
The seventh division followed, with W.
D. Hyland leading Al Keder Temple and
The Wongs from Oakland and Alameda,
MAYOR SCHMITZ CHEERED.
Temple, Damascus Temple, Ismalla
Temple, Kismet Temple of Brooklyn, N.
Y.; Media Temple, Sphinx Temple and
Kora Temple.
¦ Following the disbanding of the proces
sion . the marchers went to the Pavilion,
where a grand rally and drill were given.
In the thirteenth section were the car
riages containing the Imperial Council,
commanded by Marshal Charles L. Field.
In the twelfth division, commanded by
Thomas W. Browne, marshal, was the
second section of the Islams. Following
them came > a band, and behind the mu
sicians were three Scotch pipers, repre
sented by Ed Ross,: Adam Ross and Neil
Lindsley of the Islams. Virgil Logan, the
Isiams' mascot, rode on a pony.
Following the eleventh division came
the infernal float— a float representing a
steaming caldron,* into which the devils
cast all who came to them. The truth
was that at the bottom of the caldron
was a bar, hence the readiness with
which these characters Jumped into the
hole. As each jump meant a drink, the
boys kept things going at a lively gait. •
THE INTERNAL FLOAT.
The tenth division was led by the Pen
eacola band. G. W. Baker was marshal
and his aids were J. A. Brltton, V. W.
Gaskell, L. L. Nelson, M. E. Galnes and
Byron \ Mauzy. The ' nobles wore " the
Shriner fez and carried wooden canes,
presenting an imposing appearance. Fol
lowing the Oakland, delegation came a
comical band, which discoursed discords
to the great amusement of the crowd.
The eleventh division was composed of
the first section of Islam- Temple, San
Francisco, with R. B. Moore as marshal
and Walter Brunt his aid. The San Fran
cisco Shrlners were out In force, they be
ing 1000 strong in the two sections;. afoot
and in carriages. • All . carried wooden
canes and wore the Shriner cap and dress
suit.
The ninth division contained the nobles
from north of Suisun Bay and Sacramen
to nobles. Louis Bremer was marshal.
The spirit of '76, represented by Conti
nental soldiers, followed— George Wash
ington, Dr. T. L. Hill; fifes and drum,
George Burgess, A. L. Fourtner and Fred
Dauernheim; dragoons, A. C. Bauer, Isaac
Grant, John T. Fraser, T.' G. Crothers,
Dr. W. H. Crothers, Fred Johnson, Bert
L. Davies, Theodore Tendence, Arthur
Haskins, Frank Clark, D. O. Coffin and
W. L. Whittier. The Colonial Dragoons
presented a fine appearance dressed in the
old '76 uniform. George Washington was
ably represented by Dr. Hill. The drum
and fife, corps were exact counterparts of
the old picture » of the Continental sol
diers so often seen.
SPIRIT OF '76.
who were under the command of W. O.
Taylor.
The Los Angeles division, the Al Malal
fcah Temple, received applause all along
the line, and Robert Wanko-wski, the
grand marshal, had his hands busy look
ing after his horse and accepting the
plaudits of the people. ... ',
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY
AT 2:15 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT, Thursday, Friday and Saturday
Nights,
MATINEE SATURDAY,
Continuing ALL INtl.X. 1 WEEK.
Charles Frohman Presents '
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a Special Company, in
A. W. Pinero'a Comedietta in Four Acts,
TRELAWNF O^THE WELLS
"SFk'SSP COMPANY.
"Stars are simply dotted all over the cast." —
Call.
"A cast of twenty and not a single disaster."
— Examiner.
"A company that outclasses anything of the
kind we have had." — Chronicle.
"The excellence of the company ends only
with the complete roster." — Bulletin.
THE PRESS Of AV
ON THE *r JL*/\ I •
"A production in the finest sense of the
word." — Examiner.
"Is written with all- Mr. Plnero's literary
skill and finish."— Bulletin.
'•Constantly delightful." — Chronicle.
"The play is bright, amusing and an excel-
lent evening's entertainment." — Call.
Seats for the second and last week of this
superb production will be ready to-morrow.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), June 1L
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
The Motogirl; Cushman, Holcombe
and Curtis; Howard Chambers;
Barton and Ashley; Twin Nices;
Le Hoy and Clayton; Murphy and
Slater; Irene Franklin, and the
Biograph.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Continued Success of
MAUDE FEALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS."
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
Next Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
J. MORGAN In "ROMEO AND JULIET."
Same Success as Last Year of This Beautiful
Racing Play.
ALL THIS WEEK.-
MATINEE SATURDAY. V/V'
MR. JAMES NEiLL AND COMPANY in
DION BOUCICAULT-S GREAT RACING
PLAY,
r T 1 "CJ3" |H ¦ I BARGAIN
-*--*-¦*¦ ' I MATINEE
T T T III THURSDAY
«J ¦ ¦ ¦ JL 25c and 50c
Next Sunday Evening — C. Haddon Chambers'
powerful Dlay. "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
SEATS THURSDAY.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
¦;- - Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children 20c.
¦ /11/lCft Desirable location.
* *»1UVW unsurpassed cuisine,
j un e q u a 1 c d ser-
4 fl/1 vice and modern
It LEU conveniences are the
. „ attributes that have
Iff* 51 fl/1 made these two ho-
Ui li II II tels popular with
„ tourists and travel-
11 A ¦ Pi C ers who visit San
llUlGld Francisco.
HELWIG" HELD FOR TRIAL.— A. Helwig
was held to answer by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock for mailing an obscene
letter to Miss Lena Closse of Chlco. He was
released on $1000 bonds.
INSOLVENT RAILROAD MAN.— William
Ryan, a railroad ticket collector at Oakland,
filed a Detitlon in insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court. He owes $2139 60
end has no assets.
FlSCher 5 S Theater.
FROM THE ~T]~ TO THE
FAR FAR
EAST 1 1 WEST
EVERYBODY COMES TO SEE
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
AND WHY SHOULD THEY NOT? i
THE LIKE HAS NOT BEEN
SEEN IN ALL THE LAND
NIGHT PRICES 25c AND 50c
MATINEES. £AT. AND SUN., 25c
THIS AFTERNOON.
FAREWELL BENEFIT
POLLARD'S
JUVENILE OPERA
COMPANY. %
"Pinafore."
Adults, 25c and 50c. Children, 10c and 25c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
Souvenir Toy Matinee Saturday
at 2 Sharp.
THE ATTRACTION OF THE CITY.
Packing the House Nightly,
THE
Toy-Maker I
BIGGER CAST THAN EVER BEFORE!
A BLENDING OF WIT AND SONG*
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Market Street, Near Eighth. 1'hone South 533.
TrA^iy-iAl-ii- ALL THIS WEEK
1 O^lNlgnX Mat. Sat. and Sunday.
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest, A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama of Mingled Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny llclntyre. Annette
Marshall, Margaret Wycherly. Geonrie Cooper,
Agn^s Banken. Mabel Bowman. Earle Brown,
Sanies Corrigan, Julius McVicker. Edwin T.
Emery. Stanley Rosf, Elmer Booth, George
Nicholis and George P. Webster.
njjifCC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rJilWLJ MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25c.
Next Week— "MY AUNT BRIDGET."
TO-NIGHT
. ——CURTAIN 8:10 SHARP
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Appearance of the Favorite Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco'B Great Play.
: = ZAZA=
rnffPC Evenings.. 15c. 25c, 33c 80c and 75o
lilitCJ Matinees 15c, 25c, 85c and 50c
Seats now selling for all performance* thl»
end next ¦week. - ' -
Fulton Street and Tentlx Avenue, ,
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
ROMANY TRIO: HILL AND WHITAKER:
RAFFERTT AND ONSLAW; ARTHUR
LANE: MLLE. LAURELLE; THE LA-
'MONTS. AND NEW MO VINO PICTURES.
BABY ESAU RECEIVES VISITORS DAILY
AND NIGHTLY.
/.MATEUR UVINBliCTURES THURSDAY.
Admission 10c Children 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION
TO LOS GATOS. SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
TAINS, TL'ESDAV, JUNE IT.
BUNKEH HILL ASSOCIATION
FOXS'OF AMERICAN REVOLUTION
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS
Epeciai 'train leaves Th!rd and Townsend st«.
t»:l6 *..ra^ stopping at Valencia et Tickets,
round trip* tXi .children COc For sale at depot
' morning of excursion. Music, Second Regiment
$ $6 Go-Cart §4.59. *y/F* j£7*" • r Silver Novelties S
ft "tteel wheels and springs, and foot Drake; ' one CALIFORNIA'S •-ARGEST^_^ g^ f '~~^^^^^^^^^tt jj
»» of the best $6.00 numbers from a famous . "\ _^_ mmFaVSSS^^^^^^^^^^T '-• ' . . . f S ** ; ** ; fe==^_^ 5*
factory will b e offered for sale _ Q n ~^rA>*£RlCA'S. GRANDEST STORC , ling silver \^^^^ ==^ r Z
•f Wednesday only, each ..... — : — — ; Novelties, large Iff^*"! 3*
5 — — Shriners and Other Visitors handles (3^ inches *^^^S s
$ Special Sale of Fine Will Find These Conveniences lon s)' p« ra . n j« d 9*5. -^^^^ :5
$ Linens. and a Cordial Welcome. $0<? irL^^L St <mmm^ S
8>° A small lot of hemstitched damask squares and Ladies* Parlors Information Bureau Restaurant Concert Saturday assortment for to-day*3 . iTOSjSSji^. "«
Sk scarfs at more than one-third off their regular Lavatories Telephones to all points Barber shop Safe Elevaton sals includes Nail Files,
jf prices. They are pure linen, carefully hem- Nursery for Children W. U. Telegraph Office Hair Dressing Parlors Rapid Service Bntton Hooka, Tooth Brushes, '^JHPJ^-'* J|
If stitched and in desirable sizes. Parcel Checking Room U. S. Post Office Station Manicuring Rooms Souvenirs <"/... Roller Blotters, Stocking Dar-
§ $1.10 Tea C'oths, 36x36 in., Wednesday 7ffO — ' ' ' . ' — : ners, CuticJ or Corn Knives, jt
I 8 S c Sideboard ScarjB, 2 oxS4iWednesday5g 0 • TVJO DiOSS GCOtlS SpOCSSSS. 4 3 ™ d ' £?^ Sat^ ' W-V
|-SSS3.'E2; I ,S5;w3S&"SgS Positively Best Jn Town. S^f^^w-. fi^ S
I? — — - — — '- These two pretty, seasonable Dress Fabrics at My a third less than real worth ne3day only » e2ch " S3C *
Jf-' Special Sales Of for Wednesday only. , ... ;• ' * *J_HU U 1_ ." • $
* Fwnituvt* Z»¥tti B9mm**k: Silk Striped' -WOOl GhalllO&—U&t and dark grounds, with dainty flowered &&lg* gtf f^SSK,' a. "5
g rUrni*IUr*2 antW tt&rgS and p ers h n designs; also solid colors w:th novelty etripes, in the leading^^ shades for — •»<«#«?«#* " Vo-Fj" 2«
* Polished Oak Settee for reception hail — 30 waists and house gowns, our regular- 75c quality, on sale Wednesday, yard . . . OifG Mait'c MSoll fTTWi '$? Jr^Sr* «*
JC inches wide, 18 inches deep, with fancy India Twill Wool — Full 44 inches wide, an excellent quality in all of the leading ¦¦**»•* » **•"* * I W§* %B.' Jt
jf spindle back and comfortable arms; regularly shades, such as light gray, Bische, Blue de France, tan, navy cadet and brownj a very ShlrtS 6SC ' ' • 2?*^ * • ' ' i «25
K $7'5°5 Wednesday only. . . . . $/$..75 desirable fabric for waists, wrappers and children's dresses, on sale to-day only, yard . ifHC •**!*»*•'*«
|C Tabourette— Mahoganized birch top 15 inches .,. ' . i - ! — . — ! :: i 50 doz. $1.00 Golf Shirts, • * • 'p . ' . ' J|
»» square, wifh shelf; a superior finish, worth 17Shnif*f» Nf*Wf EfitthnMS either white madras or * . • ,i* . * »| jt
%' $2.00; Wednesday only $1,35 &a3G *L> HOlCS iWGW KIUBOHS whit= cheviot, with cuffs . ».••!;• .fc 3«
*: 2 he Groat Rocker sate is s tiii 2 Days — Wednesday and Thursday. *. match,.* mo* com- ¦ :•:»"•!; ~%
K l 0ln ! T 5 r" third u ° nc " half rcduction ° n yo" need Neck Ribbons for the summer, do not miss to-day's opportunity. fettaUeor outing shirt for • j. • , ; . . j ; V
tf. hundreds of pretty rockers. i-,. , . , . , , J . rr . , 3 warm weather, on special • . , •H»la. «*
*( Wool 5myrna Rugs, size 36x72 inches, 10 These are new, choice goods just opened, and every piece is worth almost b mcn . g h^^ . . • , . * U ; jj
IH .patterns, heavy durable quality, reversible double the sale price. department; Wednesday ; _ • * 1 i* • . • ,
j? and fringed on ends; regularly $3.75; Soft Brillhnt MousseHne Taffeta Ribbons — Made expressly for fine neck bows and millinery only, each . ggo~ ••*•¦!•:* 5 "
» Wednesday only .$2*65 purposes, width 5^ inches, white, pink, blue, black and all colors, 45c quality, g^mm O*»C. 1-h|~ B-B1»»j^ ijii* «2
J^ "Hard Time Rugs," . size 28x60 inches, two Wednesday and Thursday, yard . .. . .... /. . . . J6#€? * . Jt
tf patterns only, fringed on end; marked to. Satin and Taffeta Ribbons— 5^ inches wide, all silk, in a complete range :of colorings, aW ROcklfighQfn ftiH PotS ' «"*
Jf • close, each. . . 25t3 the regular 40c quality, Wednesday and Thursday, yard •.. . ,./..... 2m mC q{ Hillf PflCCm *
% /['^ \\Vl\*W lilPN^Pi^l H * 4i • ' *'£*" ''4 ' ' • 5 °°^^ uaEt^ Rockingham Tea Pots, in two Jt
I li lil^^^^inlineryand Muslinwean' -^tJisjsrJs^r^ |
S" 1 lrt«\ h'i\ 1 ClsCT wri|i / *^ - found to have a few small bubbles, caused by j^
jf r" Pw®^^'/'' \l rough moulds when they were mannfectttred. If-
*C %H A $10.00, $1.00 Wrapper.', 59c— New Percale Wrappers, nicely trimmed, lined They are otherwise perfect, but the maker K
tf Jf \ 1 W^m\^J\ llW' " •' i2#^^ Jsckct?, $5- waists, deep flounces and well made and» good colorings, were $1. 00, has made us a liberal allowance, and we offer j£
» tllr Vmk W Etons -of fine cloth, "Necessity Price . . . . . . 59o them on special sale Wedneseay orJy, at half Jk*i
* k/%y I iteSn ' fl/ fr ° nt and d ° UbIe $1-00, $1.25, $1.50 Walstl. 79c— This season's Shirt Waists, in a regular prices. 40c sizs, 2Qc; 35= ««e, **
£ mwWh ¦ ,'* • L brMSted Janets, in great variety of styles of best colorings, solid colored and stripes, in 18O; 3° C «ze, 15O. i
i X \ nds ° f fine Cloths » Un and b ' ack and all sizts and all styles, that have been all season $1.00, $i.z S and _— -J~i T~ m *
*° WnWv S1ZCS> WCrC $7 ' S ° tO I2>SO> " Necess5t y $1. 50. "Necessity Price" . . ! . 79o Sale Of LStUCS' *;
tf JP HX> Price*. ........ .$5.00 $5.00, $6.00, $6.50 Silk Waists, $3.39— Assorted lot of fine Taffeta, CfimiMAI* UacIo ?A/» £
& , « ex™ «c A c\,,_x **** e , Waists, this season's, charmingly tucked and made," b«t co'ors and *™"**fWGJ- V V»*3S &OG. &
J $3.00, $6.00, $7.50 Skirts $3.65— Assorted lot of Black Dress black, in all sizes, were $ 5.00, $6.00, "Necessity Price". . " 0£B&i. imported j^.
t^ Skirts and cobred Walking Skirts, plain and trimmed, all arc all- $3*39 M^~*~J SwlSS " bbcd cottoa K
* wool— we k«p nothing else, and all are this season's best styles, were $5.00 and $6.00 Cashmere Wrappers, $2.50— These are fancy col- J^A 9 j J§\ vests, low neck, no *'
5 fe.oo, £6.00 and "Necessity Price" . / . . . $3.65 ored Cashmere Tea Gowns or Wrappers, lace trimmed, also all-wool X/^V 3t I «eeves, with a hand-
jf - striped Flannel Wrappers, were $5.00 and $6.00, "Necessity Price" // J Vj\ \ wme hand-crocheted Jf.
Jf $18.00, $20.00, $25.00 Tailor Dresses, $12.65— A very fine lot of ' $2, SO I '^$LX /?! \ fancy firo ? t » coIora J'
K fancy colored Dressa, all this season's best styles of Etons and Blouse $1.00 Pettioats, 50c — Two Ruffled Grass Cioth Petticoats, that were * \ ccru * wWte » P 11^* j^
jf Suits, in finest cloths, solid colors, small checks and mixed goo^s, $1.00, full width, also many fine Sateen Petticoat3, that are sightly «/Mllfm1ttffv A sky blue and blaclcj Jf
St have been $1$. 00, $20.00 and #25.00, "Necessity Price" . .... shopworn, but not seriously so; your choice at "Necessity Price" . . Wlf |///^/^v^ t^ e mo$t P 0 ?" 1 *' T 5
S ....v.... ...-..• .-. ...... .$12*65 '. . • 50o \a WiUw'// IT Test of its X
?a ¦ ' • ¦ f\\l\H 'w'iL r Con; our regnlar %
J "Necessity Sale/' Undermuslins— Infants' and Children's Wear. fl|R\ low pricc 50C each> i
jf Corset Covers, I5c — V neck, embroidery or hems itched trimmed Drawers, 45c — Ladies* Muslin or Cambric Drawers, lace or embroidery 1 1 illll* . e ae ?~ 3SlS "*
jf corset covers, felled seams, perfect fitting, were 25c, "Necessity trimming, regularly 75c, "Necessity Price" 4-5O 7 OR y ' JJ
| corSc^cUiicliow-s^e emb^ a^ Groceries, Liquors. I
5 Sy S "NeSlle'-^ic" 911 V&SM "* & «£ M »*« Skirt,, with deep' emiroidery ' under r f^ G * *
* i^^S^^^S }^M^^M^ ruffl, and dust ruffl=, regular^ $x. 5 o, "Necessity Sale" price. 79O *£ £y G «» uIated Sugar - Wednesday *
ft lace, regu'arly 50c, "Necessity Sale" price . ...... . 23o ' nfints ' Cap, 25c— Infants* Lawn Cap, with 2. insertions of silk p e Jij n ','n," pVes-Vednesdav t'pkes 25o *
* Drawers, I9c-Ladies* heavy Drawers, with deep cambric ruffle, with stitching, hemstitched and lace trimmed crown, full lace ruff, re gu- . Baked Beans— In tomato sauce- $
X deep hemstitched hem, regularly 3 S c, "Necessity Sale" price 1 .19O larly 5 oc, "Neces3:ty Sah price. . . . . 25O dd ; c ; ous; t -lb tins, Wednesday. . . . f Oo «
K Drawers, 29c — Ladies' heavy Muslin Drawers, with fine embroidery Misses* Dresses, 90c— Children's Colored one-piece Percale Dresses, Macaroni and Cheese or Van Camp's Soups Jf
j£ triinming, re£n'a% 50c, "Necessity Sale" price ..". . . . 29c ages 6 to i», regularly $1.25, "Necessity Sale" price . . . . 900 Assorted, Wednesday, 3 tins . . . 25o 5
I "Necessity Sale" Millinery and Millinery Trimmings. B^ e f/ 0 / S^wSS?. «So %
it 15c Roses . ... . . . WO j 50c Foliage . 25C $6.00 Hats, "Necessity Price" .. . . . $2.95 Lennox Soap— Wednesday, 17 ban . . 5Oc "J
6 30c Forget- Me- Nots . . . ISO I $*¦ °° Bat >X Roses . . . . 53c $6.50 to $15.00 Trimmed Hats, $5.00 — Hardly a duplicate in the lot Victory Mush — Wednesday, 4 packages 25o
jf 35c Foliage ISO j 7S C B * b y R°s« .... . 35o — many of them could be called Pattern Hats; finest trimmings and Family Mixed Tea — Worth 60c; Wednes- J€
t» _ - --- 4, v stu 'a smartest styka; you must come early if you want the choice; were day, lb . . . .' . . 40o «5
JC Ready-tO- Wear^ HatS— NSCeSSlty $6.50 to $15.00; "Necessity Price" Jr . . . .$5.00 Cedar Run Whisky— In fancy, foil quart demi- £
jf PHceSm" pattern Hats— Prices Cut in Two—^20.00 Pattern Hats now ... Johns; Wednesday, each 65o ft
X $3.50 Hats, "Necessity Price" .SI. 95 i . . ' ¦ .' \ . '. . : . . . $10.00 Alcohol— Best, pure Eastern; foil quart bot- S
S $5.00 Hats, "Necessity Price" . . . .$2.50 Pattern Hats.now. . $15 m OO ties. .... ....... . .75o 'J
£ _ /' rT^ Pure Fruit Syrups — Raspberry, Strawberry or
j£ - . — ' . 1 : Grenadine; Wednesday, bottle .... 20 C Jt
Jf Special Sale of Special Sale of 25c Madras 17c. : "5fSJgT.*? l StJ»^w"2: |
$ GanVaS ShOeS. KU filed GurtainS. Extra fine stylish wash fabrics at the price of day, bottle . . . 99O Jc
j^ 200 pairs of cottage Curtains — 3 yards long, the commoner kind. More than 100 pieces Holland Gin — Imported; bottled here. - ,65 O «J
K Men's good quality canvas outing Shoes, lace 40 inches wide, made of an excellent quality best grade madras; novelty lace weave surface; Invalid Port Wine— Guaranteed 10 years old; «*
K ' or ox'ord ties, drab or white color, new style o f Swiss, with 4-inch ruffle, suitable for bed- wide width; none more stylish nor more use- a true tonic; bottle . ... ... . . 75O jj
j£ toe and tip, medium weight sole — room curtains and country homes; regularly ful; instead of their usual price 25c a yard, Irish or Scotch Whisky — Burke' s; bottle . $1 jf
tf The $1 70 lace Shoes, Wednesday. . $1,39 $i.*S P« P«r; on sale Wednesday — ,_ you can buy them at the bg store # _ Tipi Chianti— Put up b fancy wicker baskets; JC
J^ The Ji.*5O low cut Shoes, Wednesday $1.28 only. ... . ... ... . . . Z3TC Wednesday for IZC bott'e «. . 32O $
SOLDUNDERTHEHAMER
That's What it Amounts to.
i^T^i*-?! ffprp\ We're not going to
f^T^^^^^i^ llwl t •3} iave an auction, but
e nex * thing to It.
(©ifesfctP^fSi Tli£ At s * x ty cents on the
dolIar we are forced
v&I%%M4j$K x to selt eighty - five
'v^l^^^S^i' S *O r y thousand dollars'
'^i^^^^^^W^L worth of the finest
S^ W7$- f\ ? Furniture, Upholstered
l^^^^^^^pOI Goods, Sets, Odd
btftt^Sfc ft Draperies ever
brought to this coast.
value Pp^lrFrr*- e purchased this
© • stock to fill our branch house in
PziffnClPfi Q Oakland. Our architect promised
i (UIU3IW11 3 to have this new store ready by
(or AAA June ist. We bought to that
tyOo* U vU date - The furniture has come, but
the architect now tells us he
iflflfiPV cannot have the store ready until
lflUUwj late in August The result is we
U • • find ourselves with |8^,ooo
119 IS 10 w worth of unpaid furniture on our
° hands. We can't . keep it. , It
Vnlp must be sold at once— at sixty
uClivo • cents on the dollar and less.
PATTOSIEN'S,
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets.
GENUINE
Delivered to consumers in San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coal dealers.
•^^^pct^^ 1 *
College of Notre Dame,
SAN JO8E, CALIFORNIA, confers degree*,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University; intermediate and primary
classes for young children. Studies resumed
August S. 1002.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THEs
WEST. — 24 Post st., San Francisco. CaL
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for 30-page catalogue (free).
SU nr» ADD Expert Accountant.
• 11* <* i-vrvrv. guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping in 8 weeks than any
college can give In 8 months. Mail course $3.
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so*
llclted. My pupils In the most responsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building. San Francisco.
AGENT.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM VTtbl, BEGIN AUGUST IS.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
Progressive. - exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkin st.
R. U DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter st. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for announcement and
any particulars.
S02 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL. AND
personally: "best teacher, best system."
MISS M.G. BARRETT'S^SSSSy?
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Are.,
Opens Monday, Ang. 4. For Information or cata-
logue address the principals. LYON & ROGER.
ERUSA
Cures Piles, or $50 Forfeited
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
li. ZEH. 1226 Market st.
WAKJELEE & CO.. Bush and Montgomery sts.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.. 940 Market St.
DR. H. B. KILBOURN. KM. Third st.
SEARBT'S PHARMACY, 400 Sutter st.
J. CALEGARIS. Kearny and Pacific sts.
F. B. HULTING, Third and Howard sta.
W E. MATTHEW, 144 Fourth st.
R. W. COFFIN. Sixteenth and Valencia gta.
J. H. WINTER, Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
E. HAPPERSBERGER. Sixth and Mission sta
C. F. FULLER. Clay and Ftllmore sts.
D. D. HUNT. 1S0O Haight St.
SHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and Powell sta.
GLEASON, • Kearny. and Clay sts.
E. J. SMITH. Eddy and Taylor sts.
ARIEL. PHARMACY, 400 Hayes st.
STOCKTON-ST. PHARMACY. 100 Stockton st
J.S.POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy
JUNCTION PHARMACY. 2000 Market st.
BLACK SILK
DBESSSKIBTS
SPECIAL SALE
To-Day and Thursday.
HERE'S STIRRING NEWS OF THE
RAREST SKIRT VALUES IT WAS EVER
OUR GOOD FORTUNE TO FIND FOR
YOU.
Seventy-five in all — and the maker is
glad there weren't more, for he thinks he
lost enough as it was. ' They're swell — a
. glance will show that. But we want you
to note in particular the rich, heavy silka—
the stylish shapes — the graceful . hang — the
dashing swing — the beautiful trimmings —
the careful making — the dainty trimming.
It will be sheer extravagance — downright
folly — to pay regular prices elsewhere
while this chance is open.
BLACK SILK SKIRTS $10.00
. Extra good $15, $13.50 and $12.50 values.
BLACK SILK SKIRTS $15.00
The kinds that sell everywhere at $25
$22.50, $20 and $18. .
BLACK SILK SKIRTS S2O.OO
Big money's worth even at $27.50 and $25.
BLACK SILK SKIRTS $25.00
You'd cheerfully pay $35, $32.50 -and $30
if asked to.
BLACK SILK SKIRTS $30.00
Regular prices $45. $42.50 and $40^ — and
real good value at j these figures.
BLACK SILK SKIRTS $45.00
You never knew equal skirt elegance for
less than $60.
219 Grani Avenue
THISTLES AND DANDRUFF.
An. Interesting Parallel and a Valu-
able Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than . does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff. In each case per-
manent relief can only come from eradi-
cating permanently the cause. , A germ
that ' plows • up the scalp in searching for
the hair root, where it saps the vitality,
causes dandruff, falling hair and bald-
ness. If you kill that germ you'll have no
dandruff, but a; luxuriant suit of hair.
Newbro's Herpiclde is the only hair prep-
aration in the world that cures dandruff,
falling hair and . baldness by killing the
germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect." . .. ;
Md. T. HESS,
HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOHNKY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bldg
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California st.-. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501..
T> TVTT CU17C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
X5r\ U OlllllO ers - bootblacks, bath-
WilUUiiJJU houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canned,
dyers, flourmilla. foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers.' painters, shoe factorie*.
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc./
liUCHANAN BROS.,
Crush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento sa
THE EMPORIUM.
MISCELLA1TE0US.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EHPOHIXTM.Continued on Page Eleven.
In port May 19— Stmr North King, from Se
attle; ship C F Sargent, from Astoria; stmr
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived Arnil 30— Schr Pre
mier, from Port Gamble. May 3— Stmr Presi
dent, hence April 20. May 7— Bark Coalinsa,
hence April 10. May 11— Stmr Kvlchak, hence
April 27. May 12— Stmr Quinnat, from Se
attle. May 13 — Schr Prosper, from Port Lud
low. May 10— Ship Indiana, hence A?r!l 11.
May 18 — Ship Star of France, hence April 17;
ship Sintram, hence Arril 14. May 15 — Stmr
Geo F Ha'.ler, hence April 20.
ASTORIA — Arrived. June 10-^Fr bark Jacob
sen, from Nantes. • . " - ¦ : '¦' '.
SOUTH BEND- Arrived June 10— Stmr Ri
val, hence June 6; stmr Signal, hence June (5.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 10— Stmr Spokane,
hence June 7.
Sailed June 9^ — Stmr Chair Nelson, for San
Francisco.
Arrived June 10— Stmr Santa Ana, from Val
dez.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
May 21, lat 2 N, Ion 25 W — Ship.Wm F
Babcock, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
May 10, lat 28 13 N, ion 128 8 W— Fr bark
Lea Adelnhes, from Seattle, for United King
dom.
May 12, lat 4 N, Ion 30 W— Br bark Inver
coe, hence Feb 10, for United Kingdom,
May l>0, lat 'J S. Ion 34 W— Ital bark Speme,
from Genoa, for San Francisco.
May 21, lat 24 N. Ion 2!) W— Ger bark
Wandsbek, from Penarth, for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, June 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W, velocity 16 miles per hour.
Stmr Albion River,' Jacobs, Point Arena and
Albion. ....... .
Chil stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso, etc.
Fr bark Jacques, Michel, Queenstown.
Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brasting, Port Gamble.
Schr Monterey, Cransle, Nehalem River.
• • - • TELEGRAPHIC.
BRITISH SHI^-^HICHl-HAD
AN- ADVENTUR'OUS PASSAGE
FROM EUROPE.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAKU — Arrived June 9 — Bktn Amaranth,
from Vancouver.
LADYSMITH — Arrived June 10— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 10— Br ship An
dromeda, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 10 — Fr bark Ed
mond Rostand, for San Francisco.
/ PENAJtTK — Sailed June 10 — Fr bark Vin
cennes, "or Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 10 — Stmr A11I
anca, from Colon.
Mary D. Hume, from Seattle; stmr Thistle,
hence March 15: ship St Paul, from Seattle;
bark Guy C Go?s, from Seattle; Btmr North
Star, from ' Seattle; bark Harry Morse, hence
March 9; bark Coryphene, hence April C; ship
St Nicholas, hence March 1; ship M P Grace,
hence April 12.
' PORT~TOWNSEND^-Salled June 10-^Schr
Frank "W Howe, for New Whatcom. ¦*» ?
Passed inward June 10— Russ bark Ocean,
for Everett; stmr Santa Ana, from Valdez, for
Seattle. . ,
. Arrived June 10-— Ger stmr Hathor, Worn Ta
coma, for San ,Froncisco. ' ¦
Passed In June 10 — Stmr Despatch, for Se
attle; schr Irene, for Puget Sound.
' Sailed June lfr — Br stmr. Ciaverinff. for Yo
kohama, etc. ¦> l ., -' ...
Arrived June 10 — Schr Resolute, from Guay
mas. , . • ¦ '
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 10— Stmr
Prentiss, from Union Landing.
REDOXDO — Arrived June - 10 — Stmr Noyo.
from Fort Bragg. . • • . ¦ ¦ - -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 9 — Bktn B»
nicia, Tor Sydney. . : j
BO WENS LANDING — Arrived June 10—
Stmr Ruth, hence June 9. ;
TACOMA — Sailed June 10— Schr David
Evans, for San Pedro. June 9 — Stmr Melvilla
Dollar, for Ladysmith.
Arrived June 10 — Bark Gatherer, hence
May 29.
BANDON — Arrived June 10 — Schr Corinth
ian, hence May 29.
PORT KEN YON— Sailed June 10— Stmr Ar
go. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 10— Stmr Coro
nado. from Port Los Angeles; stmr Coos Bay,
hence June 7: stmr Brooklyn, from Eureka.
Sailed June 10 — Stmrs Coos Bay and Samoa,
for San Francisco; schr Zampa, for Umpqua.
NEAH BAY — Passed out June 10— Ship San
ta Clara, for Karluk: schr E K Wood, .for
Guaymas; schr Abbie M Deering, for Qolofnln
Bay.
Passed in June 10 — Stmr Despatch, hence
June 6, for Seattle; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
June 7. for Seattle; Br stmr 'Wellington, hance
June 7, for Ladysmith; schr Robert Searles,
hence i-Iay 2S. for Port Blakeley.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 10— Schr Wm
Olsen, for San Francisco.
Shipping for May.
According to the records of the Merchants'
Exchange the foreign and domestic arrivals for
May aggregate 24S.S21 tons and the departures
total 257,614 tens.
Will Sail at Seven O'clock.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra, will
leave for Australia at 7 ' o'clock to-morrow
night, instead of at 10 o'clock -in the morn
ing. This postponement is necessary on ac
count of the late arrival at New York of the
British-Australian malls.
Steamer Isis at Sandy Point.
The German steamer Isis, previously'report
ed ashore, arrived on the 7th inst. at Sandy
Point. She has a large hole in the starboard
bow, according to a cablegram received yes
terday from Valparaiso, and will have to
Captain Von s Helms, who was sent by the
underwriters to Altata to assist in getting
afloat the brig Lurline has returned to the city.
He says the Lurline's keel was torn off and her
escape from destruction was a narrow one. He
docked the brig at Guaymas, and effected re
pairs that will enable her to come safely to
this port. "She only needs a new keel," said
Captain Von Helms, "to be as good as ever.
She Is sound as when first built and should be
here In about three weeks."
Von Helms Bveturns.
Word was received at the Merchants* Ex
change yesterday of the arrival at Bristol Bay
of ships of the salmon fleet as follows: Pre
mier, President, Krichak, Thistle, Quinnat,
Prosper, Coalinga, x Indiana, Star of France,
Sintram. North King, C. F. Sargent. Mary D.
Hume, St. Paul, Guy C. Goss, North Star, Har
ry Morse, George F. Haller, Coryphene, St.
Nicholas and M. P. Grace.
Fleet at Bristol Bay.
Sails for Valparaiso.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's Pa
iena sailed yesterday for Valparaiso and car
ried for South American ports the following
passengers: J. L. Edwards, J. S. Esplnosa,' Ig
nacio Guerrero. J. M. Manning, Mrs. ) J. M.
Manning, F. H. Thompson and wl{e, Senora
Maria Teresa Astorga de Astorga, • Senorita
Maria Teresa AstorKa, Senor Juan ' Astorga
Pereira, Child Fernando. C. S. Gaines, C. B.
Gaines. J. Hintmann, C. Bourgols, E. P. Fa
gen, R. A. Wlreon, Gregory Leov and wife,
Zvonimir Leov, George Leov, Anthony Mac-
Arthur, Harrington Street. J. P. Williams,
Bernard Kennedy and wife, F. E. Cadena, Mrs.
Nora Ryle. Miss Jemima Ryle. J. J. Alvarez,
Servando Sol, Mrs. Josefa de Ezeta, Miss Car
lota Ezeta. Miss Matilda Ezeta, Emelio Ezeta,
Clarita Ezeta, T. A. Storey and wife, M. Her
rerias and Mrs. A. Mathew. ,
Before retiring. -Dr. Cummlngs wrote- this
order for the surgeon on the early morning
watch: ''Land taat .human phonograph in cell
4 on the mainland at daybreak. If he tries to
talk to you; gag- him. Use force if necessary."
Dr. Cummings. the surgeon In charge of the
Federal quarantine station at this port, yes
terday released Thomas Crowley from quaran
tine. 'When he captured the launch owner he
Intended to keep him in custody for ten days
as a penalty for approaching the British ship
Neville while the yellow flag was still at. the
fore Tommy was taken to Angel Island, bathea
and fumigated and assigned quarters within
a guarded blockhouse. After dinner Dr. Cum
mings paid his captive -a -visit. Crowley com
plimented the doctor on the well-kept ap
pearance of the quarantine station. ,
"What was that stuff you smoked me with,
doctor," inquired the prisoner. . ¦ / , ,
••Formaldehyde." said the doctor. 'Make
your eyes smart?" ' ' " " ' " ' '
"Yes, a little; but that's not why I asked.
I'm Interested in finding a substitute for gaso
line, and I thought that stuff seemed pretty
strong." Then Crowley told the doctor all
about his launches, described in detail every
craft of his fleet and painted vivid word pic
tures of the navy he proposed building.
Long after his regular hour for retiring Cum
mings found himself sleepy, but still facing a
bombardment of words as Crowley unfolded his
scheme for'Morganeerlngr the launch business
of the Dort. - - -\ -
Cro-arley Talks Himself Tree.
sage. The . elements ' were in ;^in-[
gry ¦ mood j when the vessel; left Europe,
and discord prevailed throughout the trip.
Tlie Kynance sailed from Antwerp in a
snowstorm and was compelled twice to
run for shelter. During the voyage a
Filipino passenger and a Chilean . sailor
bad a bloody battle, and when the day.
broke yesterday^ morning the crew's opin
ion of the ship was revealed in foot-long
letters that on. one bow spelled "starva
tion" and on the other "hungry." ; _
The Kynance left Antwerp December
6. On account, westerly gates, and
blinding snowstorms she was, compelled
on December 8 to run into Flushing and
anchor. She remained there until Decem
ber 15. The voyage was resumed, but on
December 19 the storm drove the ship to
the shelter of Margaret Roads, where she
remained until the following day. Storms
continued until latitude 30 north was
reached. She was off the River Platte
February 17 and "was becalmed for ten
days. She encountered heavy weather
off the Horn and variable winds all the
way to port. . •
While off the. South "American coast
Juan Valasquez, a Chilean sailor, quar
reled with a . Filipino passenger. . They
fought it out with fists, and- the Filipino
was worsted. In revenge the passenger
ambushed the Chilean the following day
and laid open his head with al belaying
pin. Valasquez, who, although down,
was not out, attacked his assailant. Mem
bers of the crew joined in the mix-iip,
and when' hostilities ceased there were
many broken- heads; Valasquez came -out
of the fray with five knife wounds in his
body. He recovered. " ""
The sailors' complaints of the quality
and quantity of food served did not meet
with the consideration the mariners
thought proper, and more than half the
crew deserted soon after the anchor was
dropped. Before leaving the vessel, how
ever, they painted the word "Starvation
on the starboard bow and "Hungry on
the port bow. t They used red paint, and
wrote the criticism in letters of heroic
dimensions. ¦ • , _. ,
The Kynance docked yesterday at Oak
land long wharf.
THE British ship Kynance, which
arrived late Monday evening, 185
days from Antwerp, had in every
sense of the word a stormy pas-.
Tuesday, June 10.
Stmr City, of Puebla, Jensen, Victoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
Etmr "VVestport, Smith, - — -.-'-•¦ •
SAILED.
. • Tuesday, June 10.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson, San, Pedro;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Chll stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso and way
ports; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June 10.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 15 ¦ hours from
Greenwood. '
Stmr Santa Monica, Olscn, 23 hours from
Eureka. ¦ :¦ ¦
Schr Alumna, Lai-son, 6 days from Wll
!ai>a Harbor. . .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
To Mexico — 30 flasks quicksilver, 250 gals
wine. 16 cs canned roods, 60 bdls shooks, 9
cells rope^ 300 Ids codfish. 20« lbs ham and
bacon, 117 lbs cheese, 24 pkgs paste, 1570 lbs
spices, 30 cts -potatoes and onions, 5 cs fuse,
182 pes pipe, 5 cs coal tar, 43 pkgs paints and
oils. . ¦.'••
To Central America — 100 lbs raisins, 11 cs
canned goods, 17 pkgs groceries and provisions.
2 pkg-s paints, 7 kess nails, 26 cs whisky. 125
lbs dried fruit, 8 cs coal oil, 2 bbls beer. 10
pkgs paste, 10 cts potatoes. 8 spools barbed
wire. . • ¦
To Panama — 100 bbls flour, 03,000 lbs rice,
15 cs canned goods, COS gals wine, 6754 lbs
bran, 27,402 ft lumber.
To Ecuador — 37 bbls flour, 15,160 lbs tallow,
48 cs canned goods, 1050 lbs dried fruit, 20 cs
salmon, 130S lbs pepper, 6 cs brandy, 32 cs
whisky, 5 bdls brooms, 237 lbs bacon, 5 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 242 lbs seed.
To Peru — 1006 lbs ham and bacon, 08, 640 lbs
malt. 2248 lbs tallow, 805 lbs grease, 51 gala
and 14 cs wine. 4000 lbs dried fruit, 30 pkgs
machinery, 50 bbls flour, 12C0.bdlH' shooks, 141
coils rope, 6 cs shoes, 25 cs canned 1 salmon, 110
lbs bread, 30 cs assorted canned goods, 18 iJkgs
groceries and provisions. 400 lbs lard, 24'pkgs
stoves and fixtures, 10 drums sulphuric acid,
11S9 gals lubricating oil. 331 lbs tea.
To Chile — 330 cs canned salmon, 20 cs canned
oysters, 25 bbls beef, 304 lbs ham, .1072 gals
lubricating oil, S57S lbs grease, 243 lbs shrimps.
The steamer Palena sailed yesterday for Val
paraiso and way port3 with a general cargo,
manifested up to 3 p. m. as follows : For Mex
ico. $4374; 'Central America, $1279; Panama,
$3352; Ecuador, $2130; Peru, $7408; Chile,
$2645; Montevideo, $103; London, $150. The
following were the principal exports:
Cargo for West Coast.'
The steamer Curacoa, which sailed on Sat
urday for Guaymas, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $41,046, consigned
to the port of destination and other Mexican
ports. The cargo included the following". C282
gals and 12 cs wine, 22,783 ft lumber, 110 pkgs
millwork. 324 bdls laths, 6659 lbs bread. 13,
028 lbs cheese, 9 pkgs agricultural Implements,
10 cs arms and ammunition. 40 cs axle grease,
H ctls barley, 632 lbs borax. 6 cs brandy, 28,
283 lbs bluestone. 1136 lbs butter, 15 cs boots
and shoes, 55 cs baking powder. 200 bbls ce
ment, 74 cs coal oil, 48S lbs codfish.
323 cs assorted canned goods. 6581
lbs dried' fruit, 36 pkgs . drugs, 32 pkgs
electrical supplies, 13 pkgs dry goods.' 23 cs
fuse, 7 bbls flour, 104 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 13 cs ginger ale, US5 lbs ham and
bacon, 100 bales hay. 116 bdls and 473 pes iron,
2 cs hats, 19 pigs lead. 45 gals liquors, 270 lbs
lard, 1749 lbs millstuffs, 123 pkgs machinery,
245 kegs nails, 1907 lbs nuts, 121 lbs opium.
22,260 lbs pig iron. 41 bdls paper. 399 pkgs
paste, 182 pkgs paints and oils, 297 cts pota
toes and onions, 2475 lbs rosin, .'14 coils rope,
1090 lbs raisins. 40C0 lbs rice. 50:; lbs starch,
7144 lbs sago. -8 cs shoe findings. 27 pkgs ahip
chandlery, 2369 lbs seed, 690 bdls shooks, 1133
lbs soda, 0718 lbs spices, 04 cs canned salmon,
19 bld« and 89 bars steel, 8<iO6 lbs tallow, 13,
523 lbs grease. 3441 lbs tea, 50 cb window glass,
98 cs and 10 gals whisky,* 64 bdls wire.
The Curacao's Cargo.
1600bbls flour. 1008 ctls barley, 209 ctl3
wheat, 108,459 lbs bran, 15,667 lbs beans. 168,
744 lbs rolled. barley, 6244 lbs grain, 51,101 lbs
middlings, 7300 lbs corn, 1S55 bales hay, 1000
lbs meal, 14,496 lbs oats. 31,500 rbs salt, 29,450
Hjs lard, 70 kegs and 20 bbls beef, -25 kegs
pork, 5 tierces salmon, 2000 lbs tobacco, 30C1
lbs bread, 3C-1 cs canned goods, 2521 gals and
65 cs wine, 108 gals and 165 cs whisky, 10 cs
gin, 32G3 gals vinegar, 200 cs soap, 25 pkgs
assorted groceries, 300 lbs chickory, 22 pkgs
dry goods, 58 pkgs paints and oils, C77:i lbs
putty. 110 gals gasoline, 25 pkgs sulphuric
acid, 20 drums carbide, 444 lbs sulphur, 1000
lbs zinc, 9 bb!s crockery, 6 pkgs glassware,
500 pes sewer pipe, 12 pkgs furniture, 100 car
wheels, 6 horses and 26 mules.
The barkentine Planter was cleared on. Thurs
day for. Honolulu with an assorted cargo, val
ued at $33,407. The cargo included the follow
ing merchandise and ! produce:
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The German ship Alsterdam Is chartered for
: , wheat*- to Europe at 25s (6d less direct); the
British ship Ky nance, same business, 26s 3d;
both chartered prior to arrival. The schooner
Bertie Minor, loads redwood" at Eureka for
Honolulu. The schooner J. D. Tallant is char
fered. for lumber, from Puget Sound to Mol
endo at 40s. ¦. • .• .---•. ¦„•' '
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest' to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
undergo, considerable repairing before being
able to proceed. A . portion of the cargo will
be discharged In order to make the repairs.
SAILORS CRITICIZE COMMISSARY IN
FOOT-LONG LETTERS ON BOW
THE SAN FRAlSrciSGO^ALL, WEDNESDAY, J U&E iy tfHM.
8
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — -OF THE- .
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY,
ON THE 31ST .DAY OF DECEMBER, AT D.
1001, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections «il0 and Cll of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $250,000 00
' ASSETS.
Real E3tate owned by Company.. $435,486 CO
Loans on Bends and Mortsaees... 125,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 300,415 31
! Cash in Company's Office 16,574 Ul
; Cash m Banks. 1 154,724 2H
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks- and Loans 1,50153
Premiums In due Course of Col-
;->lection, I and ' due from "- other ;
' Companies and agents J. ' 5C5.896 63
. Total Aes^s ' $1,548,509 24
. ;-, ¦ INABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... I
Looses - in wrocess of Adjustment |
or !n Suspense . 1- $252,072 75
Losses resisted, including ex- |
penses 5 .
Gross premiums , on Fire Risks
running mere than one year,
' 5 — ; reinsurance sro rata 173,003 81
Gross premiums on Marine and £
Inland Navigation Risks, |
i ; reinsurance 100 I
per cent I 163.942 26
Gross uremluma on Marine Time |
Risks, $ ¦ ; reinsurance |
50 per cent 5
Liability under other branches...' 259,298 29
All other liabilities 3,982 28
Total Liabilities $862,394 49
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $392,839 28
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 261.603 CS
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 5.C00 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 20,138 87
Received from all other sources... 427,317 52
Total Income >l,106,S09 45
I EXPENDITURES. .
1 Net amount paid for Fire Loasrs
(including 5 . losses of
previous years) I2S0.2C9 66
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including $ , losses
of previous years) 200,462 32
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 GO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 355, 738 79
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2.237 25
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174,191 52
¦ ¦ ¦ •
Total Expenditures $1,062,S09 54
Losses Incurred durlns the year. . $3(37,112 49
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $162,102,783 $1.7S3.130 62
Net amount of Risks
expired durin* the
year 49,337, 4S8 336.603 6b
Net amount In' force
j December 31. 1901 S,540,205| 03.942 28
~ — CARL THIEME. Prest.
r-.U P. SZELINSKI. Secy.
Subscribed and twern to before me this 23d
day of April, 19C2.
EL WOOD WILSON JR..
¦;--y _ r , Deputy U. S. Consul.'
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Francisco,
rim CHJCHZQTErTS ENGU9H
ranvpoM pills
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESToKATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
32."! Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
&r£l$*my injection. I
Fa permanent cure I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea J J
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 C
- 2 days ; no other treatment required. . *J
5 Sold by all druggists. 5
JJf PAT E NTS ii
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. 1901. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance CommitEiocer of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
€10 and 611 of the 'Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,865,S33 00
Loans en Bond? and Mortgages.. 3,009,050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Beads owned by Company.. 3,523,345 88
Cash in Company's Office 2,725 10
Cash In Banks 927.27S 25
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 188 00
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages 35,629 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1.141,385 12
Rents due and accrued 10,000 00
Due for P. P. Premiums 925 00
1
Total Assets $10.316.391 02
LIABILITIES. ~
Lcs^es adjusted and unpaid $6,978 39
Losses in process cf Adjustment
or In Suspense 603,910 65
Losses resibted, including expenses 72,025 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running cne -year or less, ft.- ,
073,757 02; reinsurance at 50 per
cent 2,036.878 00
Grots premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$4,023,501 79; reinsurance, pro
rau 2,266.907 26
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on Perpetual Fire Insur- 3 '•" >
mice Policies 815,914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81,303 88
Commission due 178,875 52
All other Liabilities 253,480 66
Total Liabilities $5.716.274 81
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,502,416 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
end mortgages 131,456 72
Received lor interest and dlvi- . -¦/¦
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 90.546 92
Received from all other sources.. 96,447 £3
Total Income $5.820.867 68
EXPENDITURES. ; ~~
Net amount said for Fire Losses
(including J4C9.&01 38, losses of
previous years) $3,769,548 67
J'atd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 924,924 72
Paid lor Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 344 gSO 35
Paid for State. National and '
Local taxes 153,245 81
All other payments and expendi-
tures 359,324 16
' Total Expenditures ..„-.;.... $5.551.923 71
Ricks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ¦ -
>ear $854,656,804i$8, 199,861 84
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ..; 783.3S6,0S7 7.130.8-1 17
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901. 011,528.314 8,097,259 61
PHY W. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT. Deputy Manager.
b<ed and sworn to before me this 27tk
acuary. 1902.
W. H. WILDET.
Notary Public
Pacific Department
I California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary. •
fi%TOW> RUPTURE ]
fl t^^iSv*-^ Kothinglikcit. Comfort &£3
U r^^Is^ i "ecrcity! A Perfect Retainer. JEM
I ffiu '\** <^ oea l k* work! »y Call or JEM
yK~'/J>j\ writ*2«&Mrfor"»0OKwrKO.l/*fig|
>^«f / Address: MaipetfcE.TraSSCo., £§§|
206 VoBL Street, San Francisco, Cal. fcjjg!
«r 83 W. 34th su, Mew Ycsk. jtatios ttii r»j*r Bfrm
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANfiTOHY
£ft iC5iXAEZSTs?.t«t.Ba*7a,s.r.Cii. ,
.Qp The Laryest Anatomical Museum in the
-aufea. 'World. Weaknesses or any contracted .
£gj f£3j «se"« p»»i«i»<-l r csred by the oldest
I ft^jp 1 tpeaaiist on tte Coast E»L 36 years. <
flfjl* & B3. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN ,
fuiwM Consultation free and strictly private.
J JtSofH Treatment personslly or by litter. A;
jj W <7t 9 P—itx* Curt in every cue undertakes.' '
F U US Wrtefor Eook. PBILOVOFSVor
a P OlaKlAGE, UAtLEB FRBE. (A.\
f£ valuable book for mr-o)
OS. MHDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. <
§\1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clg-arette-BmoklnE- Cure lost
Manhood, Impotency, \ Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Lobs of Semen, «v Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner •"* CJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are fTZ- Hrm immediate. Im-
part visor and pote *-*'¦¦" * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 bQxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
6tn Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE
WilhelmaofMagdeburg
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
07 HAG3ZBUB3, IN THE STATE 0T PRUSSIA,
ON THE 31ST DAT *OF DECEMBER. A. t>.
1001, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per bla.nk furnished by th« Cotn-
njlsslooer.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1750.000 00
ASSETS.'
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131,882 63
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,243,20tt 25
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 43,474 00
Cash In Company' s Office 18,039 33
Cash in Banks 282.06S 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 S3
Premium* in due Course of Collec-
tion 521.310 33
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9,619 14
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 1,047,096 60
Total Assets .(1S.30S.695 24
LIABILITIES. - "~ °~~
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense *34,7SS 00
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks.
% ; reinsurance 100 per cent 22.027 10
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. 9 — ; reinsurance 50
per cent 66,527 82
Liability under other Branches.. 11,896,945 36
All other liabilities 13.409 OS
Total Liabilities .fl2.079.597 36
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums (478,595 08
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 415,966 86
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 63,971 63
Received from all other sources.. 2.403.441 62
Total Income 13.359,973 21
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (including $ , losses
of previous years) $427,000 17
Dividends to Stockholders 132.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission --L.-
or Brokerage 58.831 28
Paid for Salaries. Fees and othar
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29,361 98
Paid for State, National and
Local tax» 4,520 47
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.668.870 60
Total Expenditures $2.321.084 57
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $223,674,177 $538,672 90
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 223.02S.S98 534.82190
Net amount In force
December 31, 1901.. 6,647,578 79,454 92
~~~ TH. DAMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23th
day of April. 1002.
; MAX J. BAEHR, XT. B. Consul.
GUTTE &7FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS.
303 California Street,
San Francisco.
£ WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
764-66 Clay St, S. F., Cal.
A LL DISEASES CURED
/* exclusively by Chines*
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Houif ; .
8:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
T?mwlT for Gonorrhea*.
jtffc^PrnorcSpa ££?*' Spormnorrhoss,
>&g£^ CURES Whites, unnatural di£
Igg&ia 1 to 3 days. Yfl charges, or any inflamznfc-
ffjJeff Qwwuted t» w *i°n» irrlution or nlceriV-
g> if Fnireai aoal»»!oa. tlon Of m U CDSI fflen*
BnZVTucFvm* fucutr<ii fin " n3Xe ** Moo-astringent.
.Q&p or .eat la plain wnppcrr.
B Circular cent oa nquMi.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails J
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BGYES & CO SM PP to * Butcher* 104
*i*w uvibJUVU' day. Tel. Mala 1294.
OILS. ! ' '. "7
RUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI*
418 Front st., a P. Phona Mala 1719.
PRINTINO. ,{.; .-.
Lr W- UUUUC3. 511 Sansonm^C a >.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., ix ' 1! ' - r^
23 First atrt*^ Baa Tnaetx*.
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
Woman vs. Woman
g <*9 f^Ki m yBggfwwwfflg^yBijP How often In the
' .'- ¦'¦ ''~'{£$%3zs§%£m dall y walks of life
\Wm£&£mM$W & ?,J' e meet wlth
ii?'?3?"" ?Z^**V$wB striking contrasts!
W0f- ' • ' *+3$L "We meet the woman
whose sparkling ex-
1 '^." l^aBlS pression of eye.
?*v?J .. .., tf&fr^ "* K race of form and
' : '-d&BKFi&gm charm of- manner
command our admi-
t^^t^^^S^^^t other hand we" : be-
ftf&$*&L ' "'*} t#?t© hold the pale, de-
t£i&h~£{{-^ty- : ¦**^$ l> ' one, on whose coun-
T tenance is depicted
untold misery. Little wonder she shrinks from
society and seeks solitude, after vainly trying
to obtain relief. She realizes all too well that
ehe cannot compete with her more -attractive
elster, when health lends buoyancy and mag-
netism to her presence. "A word to the wise
is sufficient." Let no woman afflicted with
any disorder of the feminine organism despair
because various remedies and treatments have
failed to afford her relief. Notwithstanding the
advice perhaps given that a dreaded, dangerous
operation is her last and only hope, there is- a
real, permanent cure in Kemp's Suppositories,
which are a local treatment and have received
the unqualified Indorsement of thousands of
grateful women. Kemp's Suppositories are a
mild, soothing remedy which cleanses and puri-
fies, then heals the weakened. Inflamed- parts
and strengthens the ligaments which, by be-
ing diseased, result in displacement of the uter-
ine organs and brings on leucorrhoea. All ovar-
ian inflammations, fibrous or lumorous growths
are removed by Kemp's Suppositories. As the
general organs are restored to a natural condi-
tion, health is permanently regained. "K 8
C. Medical Co. — Dear friends: I feel It my
duty to let every unhappy woman afflicted with
that dreadful complaint, leucorrhoea, know that
I found a cure in Kemp's Suppositories, a local
treatment, after the use of five boxes. Grate-
fully jour^MISS A. W. WILSON. San Fran-
cltsco. $1000 offered any person who can prove
that the above testimonial is not genuine. 30
Kemps Suppositories, $2. If your druggist
does not sell them, call at our office, or we will
send them postpaid on receipt of price.' Kemp's
Suppositories are put up only bv the K S C
MEDICAL CO., 12.™ Market St.. cor Jones'
Hours 9 to 5, 6 to 7:30 p. m. Sundays, 11 a'
•n. to 1 p. m. Kemp's Suppositories have been
«so»d under a full guarantee for' the last 12
years. Agents wanted everywhere.
A DVEBTISEMENTS.
Warranted solid oak chiffonier,
\ having 5 rcomy drawers and
beveled French plate mirror
! 12X20 inches. Price $8.50
\ Entire houses, flats and hotels
furnished. Credit and free
delivery within ioo miles.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.
338-3-42 MST STREET,
Opposite Unlpn Square. • ¦
/ ¦^s^jgi^^Sljy with Two Pair -of
I . In fancy English Madras; made by Union labor. in our own
|| factory. They have latest plaited bosoms, and two pairs of cuffs
.'if each — a feature that no other house offers. Were it hot for the .
I fact that, we manufacture these shirts we could not offer them at the
|| We also have several other lines of novelties in shirts at the
I same figure.. If you appreciate style, value and durability it will pay
Oakland. 10:8*1031) Market Street, San Francisco. * J\
/^Mj Mrs. Nettie Harrison>s^^^^[\
KBP^^i IT IS PERFECTLY HARMLESS and leaves no (MS/^)
||) Mrs. Nettie Harrison Co.|||l
Jsfl DERMATOLOGIST, \l|a\
ADVERTISEMENTSTHE LATE SCHOLAR WHO SERVED FOR MANY YEARS IN THE FACULTY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFOR
NIA, MEMORIAL LODGE IN THE YOSEMITE VALLEY ERECTED IN HONOR OF HIS MEMORY, AND THE
HALF DOME WHICH HAS BEEN RECHRISTENED "LE CONTE PEAK."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, June 10.
The Grand Jury to-day investigated the
charge that G. B. Daniels and Henry P.
Dalton secured money from the treasury
of Alameda County for assessment books
that were never manufactured or deliv
ered. Three witnesses were examined.
Deputy County Auditor Myron A. Whid
den was before the Grand Jury all of the
morning and the greater part of the aft
ernoon session. Whidden testified as to
the number of bills ; that had passed
through his office, the character of the
supplies and the bills covered. The testi
mony of Whidden developed a peculiar
condition of affairs in the County As
sessor's office. During the four years
when the County Assessor was paid a
gross sum out of which he was to run his
office and put the balance in his pocket
not a single order for working assessment
rolls was placed with any printer. During
the three years of Dalton's second term,
¦when the county paid for the books, there
have r>?en several hundred volumes or
dered at the Enquirer office. Whidden
showed the Grand Jury that when Coun
ty Assessor Dalton first took office the
eld rolls of the county, that had been
made by Assessor Leckie, were still in the
office. These rolls were in pencil, and
when the new Assessor took charge he
nas moved with economy. In order to
eave the making of more valuable books
and the cost of many deputies to rewrite
these rolls, a depu.ty was put at work
upon the books with an eraser and a pen
cil, merely erasing the year and substi
tuting another pencil mark year. In cases
where the tigures were to be changed this
•was done in the same manner. In this
way the rewriting of descriptions and a
large amount of matter was saved.
DALTON BECOMES PBODIGAL.
It was not" until Dalton's second term
of office that he began to be prodigal in
the matter of books. Whldden showed
that since Dalton's second term began
there had been one lot of fifty-nine work
ing rolls ordered, which are now in use;
another lot of sixty, which are believed to
be those found in the vault down stairs;
tho lot of seventy-five, which it is claimed
neve never been delivered, and still an
other lot of sixty, which are now in the
possession of J. B. Lanktree and for
which Lanktree holds an authorized bill
but which has never been paid. Then
there is a lot of sixteen mortgage books,
which are in the office, and the thirty
mortgage books which it is said have
never been delivered.
The only development of any impor
tance during the day was how Henry P.
Df.lton raised $S00 on the set of books
that was discovered in the office of J. B.
L&nktree.
Ditlton ordered a set of sixty working
assessment rolls during the present year.
l nis v. as in addition to the fifty-nine that
ne was then using, the sixty in the vault
in his cellar and trie seventy-live covered
by the Oakes bill. The bill was made out
to J. B. Lanktree, and the order was
placed with the Enquirer Publishing Corn
ran y. These books were made, and when
it came to delivery it was decided that It
would not be safe to turn them over at
oiice and put the biil through, but that
Lanktree should hold the bill until an op
l't-Tiune time and then put it through trie
Supervisors. So the books were turned
over to Lanktree, who kept them, to
fcether with the bill therefor, amounting
v> something less than $1003. This bill was
s pprcved by County Assessor Dalton, and
urder the present lav.- was a legal one
that cculd be passed by the Supervisors.
But here a little financiering was done,
so it is said, and County Assessor Dalton
secured from J. B. I^anktree $SO0 on the
bill, depositing both the bill and tho
Looks. This transaction was legal and the
books were made and delivered to the
Dan who advanced the money, the only
cueetions involved being the neces
sity of the books to the county and why
Assessor Dalton should hypothecate a
V-ill which was due to the Enquirer Pub
lishing Company. Of course J. B. Lank
tree was secured. He held more than
trcrth of bocks and a bill that was legal
in form and which could only be rejected
fcy the Supervisors if they decided thai
the books were unnecessary, and It is
doubtful if they could reject it even upon
that ground. As to whether the Enquirer
£X)t its money for making the books, that
did not concern Lanktree.
These bocks were placed under guard
by Nusbaumer last night, he claiming
that an effort would be made to smuggle
them into the Assessor's office as part of
the order of seventy-five given Oakes. As
th<» bill for these sixty has not been pre
ser.ted to the Supervisors, it could be
taken up and destroyed by the payment
to Laiiktree of the amount secured from
fcim upon it.
The Grand Jury then adjourned until
Thursday to secure the attendance of
Oakes.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 10. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to William H. Ham
bleton. aged 27. and Daisy McD. Middle
ton, aged 20, both of Oakland; Claudius
A. Lee, 23, and Hazel B. Watson, 18, both
of Oakland; Walter J. Rogers, 25, and
Katherine Fitzgerald, 2L both of San
Francisco.
Deputy Auditor Tells of
Affairs in Assessor's
Office.
Another Lot of Blank Books
Found in the Possession
of Lanktree.
WHIDDEN BEFORE
THE GRAND JURY
• |"^?v ERKELEY, June 10.— Among the
lofty pines of Yosemlte, at the
foot of Glacier Point, the spot
'1 S-* which Professor Joseph Le Conte
loved . so ' well and where he
breathed his last, <s the place chosen for
the location of the handsome lodge to be
erected by the Sierra Club to perpetuate
the memory of the beloved scientist. This
spot was decided upon at a meeting held
In the valley last week between Professor
A. C. Lawson, chairman of the Le Conte
memorial committee of the Sierra Club,
and W. "W. Foote, W. H. Mctson and
Charles S. Givens, representing the val
ley Commissioners. As a further mark of
respect, the committee of the valley com
mission decided at the same meeting to
Conte last summer, the Sierra Club, of
which he had been an enthusiastic mem
ber, inaugurated the movement to erect a
suitable memorial In the place he loved so
well and where %o much of his scientific
labor had been expended. It was decided
to erect a lodge, which should be both a
headquarters for the club, and a place of
convenience for all visitors to the valley.
Subscriptions were started both within
the~club and among the students of the
University of California and the host of
friends and admirers of the dead profes
sor. So ready has been the response to
the demands of the club that there Is now
more than $3000 at hand and operations on
the construction of the lodge will begin
within a month. • •
costing approximately $5000. The archi
tecture is ancient gothic and is well suit
ed to , the grandeur i of i the surrounding
landscape. The lodge will contain a
library, reading-room and assembly hall,
all finished off with native valley wood.
With sufficient funds assured,' the next
step of the memorial committee was to
secure the consent of the valley commis
sion for the erection of the memorial
lodge. The committee announced that the
lodge' was to be open to the public and
only reserved the right to haVe it remain
under the care and custody of the. Sierra
Club. After some correspondence the val
ley Commissioners announced their readi
ness to lease the club one acre of ground
at any desirable point, .the lease to be re
newed every ten years. Their only de
mand was that the plans for the building
should be submitted to them for approval.
SIERRA CLUB CHOOSES SPOT WELL BELOVED
BY LE CONTE AS SITE FOR ITS NEW LODGE
TRAINER LEAN
AGAIN IN COURT
Wife of Olympic Club
Man Brings a Suit
for Divorce.
Remarriage That Occasioned
Great Surprise Proves a
Failure.
Al Lean,' the well-known Olympic Club
trainer, is again in trouble with his wife,
and for a second time the divorce court
has been appealed to to straighten out
their matrimonial entanglements. This
time Mrs. Lean is the plaintiff. She filed
a suit fox divorce yesterday, accusing
Lean of infidelity and naming Bertha
Jones as co-respondent.
The troubles of tlie Leans commenced
last February, when Lean sued his wife
for divorce on the ground of intemper
ance. Mrs. Lean filed a cross-complaint,
in which* she accused her husband of mal
treating her. The suit was heard before
Judge Kerrigan, who granted Mrs. Lean
the divorce. The decree was signed March
14, and husband and wife went their sep
arate ways until April 29, when, to the
surprise of their friends, they remarried.
Their happiness was short lived, for Mrs.
Lean in the suit filed yesteday alleges
that her husband's attentions to Miss
Jcnes became known to her within the
week following the second marriage.
Annie Breeser has brought a suit for
divorce against Gustav Breeser on the
ground of cruelty. She allege3 that sinc3
their marriage in 1S90 he has made her
unhappy and miserable by frequently
beating her black and blue. She alleges
also that she has had to flee from their
home at midnight to save herself. •- -i
Jewel H. Smith, who was married to
Perrin B. Smith at Ophir, Placer County,
in August, 1S93, is suing for divorce on the
grounds of desertion and failure to pro
vide. She alleges that Smith left her a
year ago and that since that time she
has had to depend upon her own efforts
for support.
D. Howard Foote secured a divorce from
Florence L. Foote in Judge Graham's
court yesterday on the ground of crutlty.
Mrs. Foote resides in the East.
Caroline Loui3e Delahay Is suing James
Albert Delahay for divorce, alleging de
sertion and failure to provide. They were
married In December, 1800, and have ona>
child. The alleged desertion occurred two
months after the wedding.
Charles E. Morse, an engineer on the
steamer City of Peking, was ordered by
Judge Seawell yesterday to pay hi3 wife,
Minnie Morse, $40 a month during the
pendency of a suit for divorce brought by
Mrs. Morse. She charges her husband
with desertion.
Annie C. Postel, who Is suing F. O. F.
Postel for divorce on the ground of cru
elty, will recive $25 a month alimony until
the suit is decided. Judge Graham issued
an order to that effect yesterday.
Thomas B. Eagan, who receives $150 a
month from the United Railroads, was
very much subdued when he appeared be
fore Judge Kerrigan yesterday at noon
to show cause why he should not be pun
ished for allowing his divorced wife, Mary
Eagan, and his seven children to. exist as
best they could without any aid from
him. He owes his wife two months' ali
mony, amounting to $130, and tried to
evade the payment by claiming that he
had not been working. The books of the
corporation showed that he had $75 com
ing to him, and the court ordered him to
pay $25 of this amount to Mrs. Eagan
without any further delay.
"You will also," said the court, "leave
at the office of your attorney on the 11th
of each month $65 alimony and $10 a
month additional until you pay up the
amount you now owe her. And I advise
you, Eagan, to make an effort to get in
favor with this court by 'doing all you
can for the little woman whom you have
so shamefully treated."
MRS. BOTKIN'S SECOND
TEIAX WILL BE HELD
Dover Witnesses Will Be Prop
erly Remunerated.
District Attorney Byington Say»
District Attorney Byington was not
worried over the dispatch from Dover
published yesterday to the effect that the
¦witnesses against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
would not come here because they would
not be properly remunerated for their loss
of time.
"The second trial will take place," said
the District Attorney yesterday. "I den't
think there will be any difficulty in get
ting the witnesses to come here, as they
will be properly remunerated. The Super
visors have set aside $4000 for their ex
penses, which will bring them to the State
Tine, and then the Judge can draw on the
treasury for whatever extra amount is
needed.
"Judge Cook is now on his vacation,
but I will take the first opportunity of
speaking to him and making arrangements
for bringing the witnesses here. I want
him to wait upon the Mayor and suggest
that some person should be sent to Dela
ware to get the witnesses together and
bring them to this city." I_il
11 •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUSTE 11, 1902.
It is said at the War Department that
the Waller case is a closed incident, but
that the Smith case will not be legally
closed until it has been finally acted upon
by the President. The significance of this
statement is that it is still within the
power of the President to return- the case
to the court for the reconsideration of the
evidence adduced,: even though the officer
was acquitted- by the court, as the press
dispatches from Manila have indicated
The court could not be legally com
pelled to change its findings, however,
against . its own judgment, and its ad
herence to a verdict of not guilty would
He added that, as the Smith case was
based practically on the transaction which
led to the trial of Major L. W. T. Waller
of the marine corps by court-martial,
charged with the alleged unlawful killing
of Filipino prisoners, he would probably
await the receipt of the record of that
case before giving consideration -to the
Smith case. The Waller record is not ex
pected to reach this city for several
weeks.
WASHINGTON, June 10— Secretary
Koot • said to-night ' that he had not yet
had time to consider, the case of General
J. H. Smith, .tried by court-martial at
Manila for alleged violation of the rules
of war in the conduct of the campaign
in Samar.
ROOT AWAITS
COURT RECORDS
As a result of the action of the Commis
sioners, the final step was taken last
Wednesday in the valley, when represen
tatives of the Sierra Club and of the val-
ley Commissioners agreed upon a location
beneath Glacier Point, half way between
Camp. Curry and the schoolhouse.
The members of the Le. Conte memorial
committee are: Professor "William R. Dud
ley, Dr. Edward R. Taylor, Elliott McAl
lister, William E. Colby and Professor A.
C. Lawson.
Besides the attendance of printers an<
their families there will be many at thi
picnic from the affiliated unions 'of -th<
Allied Printing; Trades Council and fron
The Union Printers'. Mutual Aid So
ciety, the benevolent branch of San Fran.
cisco Typographical Union No. 21, wll'
hold its fifteenth annual picnic to-morrow
at Fairfax Park, Marin County. , Boats
will leave the city via the Sausalito ferry
at 9:30 a. m. and 12:20 p. m. The trains
will leave Fairfax on the return trip at
4:45 and 6:30 p. m. i ....
Morrow and Great Programme
Has Been Arranged.
Annual Picnic Will Take Place, To
FBENTERS' MUTUAL AID
TO ENJOY AN OUTING
The passengers, seriously injured are:
Isaac Bashinsky of Macon, nose and right
arm broken; Mrs. Bashinsky, severely
chocked; Dr. J. W. Brown of Atlanta,
skull and knee severely Injured; Dr. M.'N.-
Mixon of Rome, collar bone - broken and
lower Jaw hurt.
BT. JOSEPH. Mo., June 10.— Chicago
Great Western passenger train No. 1
was wrecked seven miles north of this
city this afternoon and several coaches
were piled in the ditch. The train was
running about forty miles an hour when
the rails spread and the coaches left the
track. The coaches were totally wrecked
and piled together in a mass. It is almost
miraculous that no one was killed. Only
one passenger was injured. He is Henry
Van der Baugh, a traveling man, with
headquarters in New York City. The en
tire train, consisting of seven coaches,
left the track and rolled down a twelve
foot embankment- Nearly every car was
badly splintered. ¦ ; "*. - J
JAMES T. PITTMAN of Atlanta, en
gineer of the passenger train.
ED WEST, colored, fireman, passenger
train. ¦ . - . - . ;
MACON, Ga., June 10.— The south
bound passenger train on the Southern
Railway, which left Atlanta at noon for
Macon, collided with a north-bound
freight at a curve near Juliette, twenty
three miles north of Macon, at 2:10
o'clock this afternoon. The engineer and
fireman of the passenger train were in
stantly killed and nineteen of the passen
gers were more or less severely jnjured.
The dead are:
The successful design for the building,
which was submitted by Architect John
White of the firm of Maybeck & White,
provides for a structure of valley granite,
various other labor organizations of the
city.
Games of all kinds, for which valuable
prizes will be awarded, have been ar
ranged.' The dance music will be under
the direction of Professor Bryson of Mu
sicians' Mutual Protective Union No. 6.
The committee of arrangements consists
of James F. Olwell, George H. Branch J.'
S. Phillips, E. L. Gamble, Leo Michaelson,
Peter J. Cotter, Phil Johnson, Frank Gne
kow, M.Dobrin, William Goode, Samuel
F. Sawyer, W. A. Rosetti, John J. Neely,
C. S. Daly, Harry L. White, J. J. Cole
man, J. N. Lalng, Farley Lewis.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent, J. W. Kelly; first vice president. C.
B. Crawford; second vice president, James
D. Murray; recording secretary, Howard
Lawlor; financial secretary, George H.
Branch; treasurer, William J. White;
marshal, Lewis P. Ward; guardian,- John
Collins; board of . directors— James T.
Kelsey (chairman), H. Riffel, D. S. White,
L. Bickell, J. P. Spencer; physician, J. M.
Shulz, M.D.; druggist, George H. Dahl
bender.
BURGLAR CONVICTED. — Charles Coulter
was oonvlcted of burglary In the second de
gree in Judge Lawlorls court yesterday, j Coul
ter broke into Kahn's ootical store last Feb
ruary and stole $250 worth. of Roods. He was
aided ! by a confederate, 'who escaped.
TRAINS CRASH
AT THE CURVE
rechristen Half Dome and announced that
henceforth Its official name shall be Le
Conte Peak.
Shortly after the death of Professor Le
TACOMA — Sailed June 10— Ger stmr Hathor.
for San Francisco: Br stmr Claverln*, for
Vladivostok;' Br. ship Ladalch, for Queenstown.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 10 — SUnr Spokane,
from San Francisco; stmr Despatch, from Ean
Francisco; stmr ' Santa - Barbara, from Sao
Pedro: stmr Santa Ana. from Valdez.
PORTLAND — Arrived Juns 10 — Bark Jacob
sen, from Nantes..
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CHICAGO, June lO.-'Clarence Mackay's
great Derby colt Heno arrived at Wash
ington Park to-day in his special car.
Heno is the favorite at 4 to 1 in the win
ter books to win the greatest of Western
stake races, June 21.
Jtackay's Heno at Chicago.
Albert F. Leavitt^ Frank J. O'Brien, Law
rence H. "Wilson, Frank B. McGulre, "Walter
E Norris, Charles L. Hayes, Henry C. Thiele
Jr., Hugh H. Beggs, Charles Lewis "Williams,
Max W. Koenlg, Eujrene G. Soule, Llewllyn
B. Wilson, Frederick Schneider, Charles J.
Lathrop, James R. Thomas, William Carr
Mclnnis, . George C. ¦ Kins, Theodore P. Ion,
A. E. PerclVaJ. Samuel M. Samter. " .
The following named applicants were
admitted to the bar of California yester
day by the Supreme Court:
Are Admitted to the Bar.
Mrs. Celia Hite, wife of John R. Hite,
the millionaire who was sued soma
time ago by Lucy Hite, an Indian
woman, for division of his property, on
the ground that he married her by con
tract, died last night at the Hotel Ven
dome, 1104 Market street. Death was due
to natural "Causes, but as no physician
had been in attendance, the case was re
ported to the, Morgue officials. Mrs. Hite
was 42 years of age and, a native of Vir
ginia.
Mrs.' Celia Hite Dies Suddenly.
John R. Winders was born in Auburn,
Cal., and was well known among.print
ers all over the State, having serve'd sev
eral years as District Organizer. He was
a delegate to the International Typo
graphical Union from No. 21 three times
and was a regular attendant at the ses
sions of the union for. twenty years. He
was also president of the Union Printers'
Mutual Aid Society two terms, and a
member of California Lod^, F. and A. M.
Collner Is a compositor of San Francis
co. Winders wore a diamond ring and
had in his possession a gold watch and
$150 in money. He was about 58 years old
and. was a Mason.
CHICAGO, June 10.— John R. "Winders
of Oakland, Cal., shot and killed himself
this morning in his room at the Deming
Hotel, Madison and Clark streets, where
he had registered as J. R. Wilson last
Thursday. The motive for his. act is not
known. It is reported that Winders came
here in the interest of some labor move
ment. A note found On the dresser read:
"If I am found dead please notify John
Collner." •
His Room in a Chicago
Hotel.
John It. "Winders Shoots Himself in
MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE
OF A CALIFORNIA!*
stand despite the disapproval of the Pres
ident, which in that case would be sim
ply a rebuke to the court without affect
ing the legal status of the accused* .
SAVES BIG SUM
TO THE STATE
SACRAMENTO, June 10.— Under a rul
ing made by Superior Judge J. - "W.
Hughes this morning in the coyote scalp
suits which are being prosecuted In his
court, the State will be saved thousands
of dollars. Judge Hughes ruled that un
der the statute of 1901 the mere agent to
whom a claim, has been assigned Is nei
ther an "owner" nor a "holder" within
the meaning of the statute.
The law relating to coyote scalp claims
requires that suits on certificates shall be
commenced within one year of their Issu
ance by the "owner or holder." Hundreds
of claims, aggregating thousands of dol
lars, have been assigned to banks and
other agents for collection, and under
Judge Hughes' ruling present holders aie
merely agents. It is too late for these
ciaims to be transferred back to the orig
inal claimants and the statute of limita
tions comes, to the rescue of the State
treasury. . ; *
ARCHITECT ATTACHES
THE BICHELIEU. SAI.OO1T
Possession of the Place, Pays
the Claim.
Herbert Choynski, Who Is Now in
Another attachment was Issued yester
day against the Richelieu saloon. It was
immediately released by Herbert Choyn
ski, who claims to be a partner of Charles
Newman in the profits of the business. The
attachment, which was for a little more
than $1200, was sworn out by J. F. Dunn,
an architect, who has been superintending
the alterations which Newman was mak
ing when the row over the possession of
the saloon occurred.
Choynski and his armed bartenders held
possession of the place yesterday. They
were ready for any kind of a fracas. Dur
ing the forenoon Newman entered the sa
loon In a peaceable manner and was for
cibly ejected by one of Choynski'smen.
It Is quite likely that some definite court
order will be Issued to-day wuich will put
an end to the quarrel over possession of
the resort.
* Clerk Conway 's Peculations.
It was discovered yesterday that Fred
erick Conway, the defaulting clerk of
Judge Mogan's court, had been "grafting"
as far back as November 2, 1000. On that
date he passed an order for $5 ball money
deposited for the release of Eliza Thomp
son on a charge of drunkenness. The bail
was forfeited, but the case -was marked
"dismissed" by Conway on the court rec
ord. He made the order payable to Wal
ter Gallagher, an attorney, who had noth
ing to do with the case, and signed the
name "T. Gallagher" on the back of it
Gallagher was asked for an explanation
yesterday and the fraud came to light.
INJURED BY A CAR.— Andrew Neteelsen.
aged about 14 years, was run over by a Sutter
street car at the corner of Polk last night and
sustained a crushed thumb, which was ampu
tated at the Ezaenency Hospital.
C
9
APV!ErRTTft'rcTH" R 'ET'ro?r
POSTTJJI CKREAL.
" Dear Mbs. Petcbam : — I suppose s
large number of people who read of
my remarkable cure will hardly beliert
it ; had I not experienced it myself, I
know that I should not.
Could HardljrBeUeYe It. A
Prominent Woman SayedFrom
Death by Irdla £. Plnkham's
Vegetable Compound.
MILWAUKEE PEOPLE
"Women should remember thai
they are privileged to consuli
Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass,
about their illness, entirely free
Such unquestionable ' testimony
proves the power of Xydia E. Pink*
ham's Vegetable Compound ovei
diseases of women.
*' I suffered for months with
troubles peculiar to women which
gradually broke down my health and
my very life. I was nearly insane
with pain at times, and no human
skill I consulted in Milwaukee could
bring me relief.
" Mv attention was called to IiTdia
E. I»inkhaTn*s Vegetable Com-
pound ; th.3 first bottle brought re-
lief, and the second bottle an absolute
cure. I could not believe it myself,
and felt sure it was only temporary,
but blessed fact, I hav* now been well
for a year, enjoy the best of health,
and cannot in words express my gTat-
itude. Sincerely yours, Sadie E. Koch,
124 10th St., Milwaukee, Wis."— f500C
forfeit if above testimonial Is not genuine.
MBS. SADIE E. K0C2L
"Our fwe- children are very fond of Pos-
tua. Tpu .fa,}! use my name if you like."
T. M. Coggin, 1230 Tenth avenue, Colura-
"I saw euch an improvement in her
health that I decided to quit coffee my-
self, and you would be surprised to see
the change. I have gained in flesh about
twenty-five pounds, and have entirely lost
the old, dull headaches that I used to
bave aaCSnucb.
"Finally we concluded that perhaps it
was the coffee that hurt her, bo she quit
it and went on to Postum, also began'
ueing Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food. She
immediately began to improve and kept
gaining strength and health. Now she can
cat heartily of anything she wants, vege-
tables and anything else, without hurting
her. She has gained nearly thirty pounds
eince she made the change.
A gentleman from Columbus, Ga., says:
"My wife had been an invalid for some
time and did not seem to yield to any sort
of medicines. She could not eat anything-
•without distress, and, naturally, was bad-
ly run down in every way.
There are hundreds of thousands of
cases in America that prove the truth of
this statement.
Fixed organic disease may result if
you keep up your present course, ajd yet
It is an easy thing to give up coffee and
get well. Have your cook make Postum
Food Coffee strictly according to direc-
tions, and that is easy. Use enough of it
end boil long enough to bring out the
taste, then you will find that the famous
food drink j will satisfy your coffee taste
and .the old troubles gradually disappear.
Perhaps some day you will wake up to
the fact that coffee is quickly and surely
fioing the business for you. You wonder
why the symptoms of disease ; which
grow more and more pronounced do not
disappear, but hang on in spite of all the
medicines you can take.
A Way to Push Off the "Hang On's."
WHY DON'T THEY GO?
story / \ Hamliri
of / T^X^ A, Garland
Modern / ** *^^ \ Author of
* M V "Main
Hem- / Captain AS?
ism > x ctc *
/ of tiie V $ j.50
/ Gray-Horse \
HARPER & BROTHERS, NaW York CityBeans and Seeds.
Further slight changes in Beans will be seen.
The stock in the hands of local dealers is small,
and any demand would probably cause an ad
vance. Seeds continue nominal. ¦
BEANS — Bayos. $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White, $2 40@2 45; Pea. $3 25«3
3 50; Pink. $2@2 15; Red. ?2 50; Blackey/
$5@5 10; Limas, $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. • . . . . ¦ ¦ • '
¦ SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;" Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from -Utah 10%@
UHc: California, 10@10%c; Rape. l%«P2iic-
Hemp, 3%c per lb. : . »«'«*c.
DRIED PEAS-r-NlIes, ?1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 C5; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
; New - Potatoes, in ..hoxes, were ' in light re
ceipt and the market was firmer for poor stock.
Supplies of strictly fancy ¦ were . limited and
sold readily at 2c per.lbV-.The stock in sacks
f rom ¦ across ; the , bay 'was , dull, owing ¦ to the
email size of the offerings. '¦' , There " was some
Provisions.
Chicago was strong and higher on the day,
with the packers supporting the market.
This market continues- quiet at previous
prices, the demand for both shipping and local
consumption being Irregular and light.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light,
15%c for- extra light and 16@17c for suirar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c- Call
fornla Hams, 13%@14; Mess Beef, $10 per bhl"
extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $U 50®i<>:
prime Mess Pork, $15<gl5 50; extra clear tiV-
Mess. $18 50(319: Dry Salt Pork. 12 Vic* Pi*
fo 0 ,^! 251 PIES ' J eet - * 475 : Smoked "bS*
1.".%@14c per pound. , •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barmi.
rib%s^%°c lb tlns ' 13 > o: wb
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb!
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All markets under this . head remain about
the same. Hides are selling off well at steady
prices, and while no further advance Is'antici
pated, the present quotations are expected to
rule for some time to come. The supply j s mo d
erate. and about equal to the demand t»iiJ
continues in light supply and firm TaIl<w
Stocks of Wool are pretty well whittw
down to heavy and defective. All but the HVim
boldts and Mendoclnos are about gone oS"
gens are just coming In. The feelinir ia fir™
and the demand is fair and buyers are noW b?
ginning to use the scouring Wools b
Hops remain precisely as before. . Buyers will
contract for the new crop at 12%c but^iW
crs prefer to wait until the crop iaonth^.t
ket^fore selling. Crop pros^Scts aVe rep^
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand, »ii
about l%c .under - quotations. Heavy"^ «Ued
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 8?/^ Hld£
Visible Grain Supply.
¦ NEW YORK. June 10.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies, as compared with last account:
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 2,609,000 bushels; afloat
for and ln Europe, . decreased 2,000,000 bushels.
Total supply, decreased 4,609,000 bushels.
CORN — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 648,000 bushels. , 5
OATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 768,000 bushels.
New York Metal Market.
NEW. YORK, June 10. — Copper , was Irregu
lar, although 60,000 pounds of electrolytlo for
September delivery sold at $12 27%. The clos
ing range was as follows: - Standard, spot to
August, $11 70@ll 90; lake, $12 30@12 60; elec
trolytic, $12 15%@12 27%, • and .casting,
$12 12%@12 25c. At London the copper mar
ket .was 2s 6d lower, with spot at £54 7s 6d
and futures at £54 10s.'* • ¦ •¦•'.. , ¦
Lead was unchanged at New York at $4 12%
and London was unchanged at £11.7si6d.
. Spelter 1 ruled nominal, with spot at $4 87%,
and London was . unchanged at £18 12s 6d.
The local market for tin was. firm and a
trifle higher, with spot at $30 40@31. London,
on the other hand, .was £1 6s lower, with spot
at £130 15s and futures at £127.' ,
Iron ruled • steady, but quiet locally. War
rants remained nominal. No. 1 foundry North
ern, $21 ©22; No. 2 foundry Northern, $20 50®
21 50; No. 1 foundry Southern, $20 50@21 50;
No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $20 50@21 50.
The English markets were quiet. Glasgow
closed at 64s 4d and Middlesboro at 49s 9d.
Eastern Livestock Market,
CHICAGO, June 10.— Cattle— Receipts. 4000.
Including. 1000 , Texans.' * Steady. Good ' to
prime steers. $7 25@7 75; poor "to medium,
$5 25@7 00;, stockers and- feeders.: $2 60@5 25;
cows,. $1 60@5 60; heifers, '$2 B0@6 00; : can-
Nezu York Stock Market.
, ¦ ' '¦
NEW YORK. June 10.— There was some im
provement in. the demand for stocks to-day
and upward progress was made by prices,
.but the market was dull and narrow to a
degree that has not been equaled for the last
two years until within a week. Dealings con
tinued almost entirely In the hands of pro
fessional room traders, but this element oper
ated with somewhat more freedom than for
several days. They were encouraged by the
return to Wall street of the leader of the so
called Western croup of speculators, to which
has been attributed all the recent Important
market movements. If there were operations
for the account of this group they were not
on a large scale, as is sufficiently attested
by the figures of the day's aggregate dealings
There was some concentrated buying of South
ern Railway, which easily led the whole mar
ket in point of activity. A single commission
house often employed by one of the large
fn?^^ interests was credited with taking
10,000 shares of this stock. There was a gen
eral expectation that the monthly crop esti
mate of the Government, which was not pub
lished until after the Stock Exchange closed
would make a very favorable showing of the
crops during May. This was a strengthening
Influence on all the grangers, including thi
bouthwesterns. Atchison and St. Paul were
the most Prominent in the movement. The
r^! n f markets themselves rallied somewhat
from the movement to discount the monthly
report on the publication of the Weather Bu
reau s weekly report, indicating damage to
winter wheat from too much moisture The
reported need of rain for the cotton croo in
certain sections eeemed to have no effect on
the cotton-carrying railroads. The recent divi
tZVhTn?" 8 *V? r Chlca *° Northwestern
?"J O V Mlnnea D0Hs and Omaha was a
continued influence In favor of the grangers
?°i? e .>. of . the s » ecl a> stocks were helped by
individual advice. Pacific Mall on an alleged
T^ V ?i of B P ro T 8 Pects for a ship subsidy bill
a I ld J h ,\ *;H,, JoBepl V Ml1 G «n<l Island on a
report that the road was to be merired attain
£ to ,« *"»• Un . lon Pacl fl° system^ 'canadfan
Pacific suffered from reallzlne and theselllnK
was attributed to Canadian account from th!
same sources as the recent active manipulation
of the stock. To-day'e money market was
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . July. Sept.
Opening .6 10% 6%
Closing 6 9% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 65 20 75
Closing 22 40 20 70
Flour-
Opening .27 70 27 05
Closing 27 65 27 00
Flour and Millstuffs.
The feeling in the general run of mlllstuffs
is easier, ln sympathy with the raw grain,
though no lower quotations are announced.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75<g3 25 per barrel for family and
$3©3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, ?3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50#4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, 54 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 85@9; in
sacks. $0 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Volunteer Wild Oat Hay is weaker. Wheat
Hay Is steady. Arrivals of Hay are moderate
and so is the demand. There Is no further
change ln Feedstuffs. '
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per' ton."
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ,$25@26; Job
bing, $26* 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21- Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn,. $31 50@32 50-
Mixed' Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50*
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat
$S@9 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $6@8; Old Is
quotable as follows: ¦¦ ¦
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 60<^ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50-
Oat. $S@10 60: Alfalfa, $7(9)11; Clover, $7@9-
Volunteer, $6 50©8 60; Stock. $6@8 per ton
STRAW — 40@66c per bale.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Palermo— Weather favorable for all crops.
Santa Maria — Beans and early fruit doing
well.
Hanford — Shipment of early peaches going
south; other fruits doing well.
Livermore — Peach, prune and plum crops will
be heavy; apricots light. f
Colusa^ — Grain doing nicely, barley yield Is
showing up good, fruit crop doing well
Porterville — Cloudy all day.
Napa — Hay and grain doing well; cherries
yielding fine.
Newman— Continued hot weather shrinking
late grain.
Willows — Barley turning out well.
Cloverdale^ — Fruit condition unchanged
Riverside — Trace of rain.
Santa Rosa — Continued good crop conditions
GEORGE H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official, Station Director.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is nothing new. Prunes continue
wanted for export at New York and the quota
tions there Are slightly hisrher in consequence.
All other fruits are so well cleaned up that
quotations for them are purely nominal. The
same may be said of Nuts and Raisins. In
fact, the whole market, with the exception of
Prunes and Honey, is practically cleaned up
of stock, and It Is expected that Prunes will
be exhausted in thirty days more.
FRUITS — Apricots, y@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 10@ll%c; sun dried, 6@7c -
Peaches, 6%@Si,4c: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6%c; unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c
for red and 5y 3 @6c for white; figs, 3%&4%c
for black and 5%®6c for white.
- PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40S, 6 1 /i@6%c: 40-50s. 5@5Vic; 50-60S, 4%@
4%c; 6O-70s. 4@4%c: 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80-9Os,
3@3%c; 90-lOOa, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c: 2-crown.
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11®11%c*
No. 2, 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,'
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c
for softshell and 0@7c for hardshell: Peanuts
5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted 6©
5%e: light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c uer lb. '
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 09%@72%c; No. 2
red, 79@70V>c; No. 2 yellow corn, 63V4C; No. 2
oats 42@42%c; No. 2 white, 46c; No. 3 white,
45@46c: No. 2 rye, 58%@59c; fair to choice
malting barley. 65@68c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 56;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime timothy seed,
$6 30@6 35; mess pork, per bbl, $17 80@17 85;
lard, per 100 lbs, ?10 - 32%@10 35; short ribs
sides (loose), $10 70@10 80; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 8Vi@S%c: short clear sides (boxed),
$10 75@10 85; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 16,000 v 9,000
Wheat, bu 22.000 90,000
Corn, bu 382,000 79,000
Oats, bu 230,000 . 107,000
Rye, bu . . . . .' 3,000
Barley, bu 26,000 .......
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 18©21c; dairies,
18@19%c. Cheese, steady; 9%@10%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 15%c.
The Weather and 1 Crops.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
Kearly normal weather conditions have pre
vailed during the week, with high tempera
tures at the close. There have been no Inju
rious northers and no rain has fallen.
Grain has made good growth and Is maturing
rapidly ln all sections. Oats and barley are
being harvested in portions of the San Joaquln
Valley and Southern California. Heavy crops
of ¦wheat and berley are expected In the Sacra
mento Valley and the northern portion of the
Ban Joaquin, unless these crops are damaged
by the grasshoppers which have lately appeared
end are now causing farmers much uneasiness.
Haying Is progressing in all parts of the State,
end ln most sections the yield is unusually
heavy and the quality superior. Pasturage Is
plentiful except in the south. Corn, bops, beans
end sugar beets are making good growth.
The damage to early deciduous fruits by the
rain of last week was less than anticipated.
Pears are badly damaged by blgiht ln portions
of Sonoma end Tulare counties. Prunes show
some improvement. Apricots are ripening rap
idly, and are of excellent quality. A heavy
5-leld of peaches Is probable. Grape vines are
remarkably thrifty and heavily laden with
fruit. Citrus fruits and walnuts are ln good
condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather dur
ing the week has bc-en warm end favorable for
ell crops. Grain is ripening rapidly, and har
vesting Is In progress in some places. Hav
ing is nearly completed in rome sections and
progressing rapidly In others; the yield is
heavy and the quality above average. Pastur
age is plentiful. Grasshoppers are causing un
easiness to farmers in Sacramento, El Dorado
and Placer counties, but no great damage to
crops has ye-t been reported. The rain of last
•week caused very little damage to fruit. De
clfiuous fruits are in good condition but ri
pening rather slowly. Raspberries, blackber
ries, strawberries, cherries and apricots are be
coming plentiful, and all are of excellent qual
ity. Grapes are In splendid condition. Citrus
fruits continue thrifty
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS. — Warm
weather followed the rain of last week, greatly
benefiting all crops. The damage to fruit and
rraln was less than anticipated last week.
Grain Is making good Errowth, and heavy crops
are probable In the central and northern coun
ties. Haying Is progressing rapidly. In Sono
ma County the hay crop is reported very heavy
end clean, probably the best ever grown there
Hops, corn, beans and vegetables ere making
rapid growth. There will be a large acreage of
potatoes in th* vicinity of Peachland. Pears
are badly damaged by blight in portions of So
noma County. Early deciduous fruits are ri
pt-rJng and good crops are t-xpected ln tnoet
sections. Cherry canning has commenced in
come sections. Grape vines are In excellent
condition and heavily laden. Citrus fruits are
CoiRg well.
BAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Warm days and
cool nights have prevailed during the week, and
ail crops have made good growth. The damace
bv rain at the close of last week wai less than
estimated. Grain continues ln Rood condition
In the central and northern counties, and a fair
yield Is expected. Barley and oats are being
harvested ln some sections, ard wheat will
•oon be ready for hardest. Grain ln the
•outfcrn. districts Is being cut for hay Hay
ing Is progressing, an<J the cop Is turnln- ou*
vory rood. Grasshoppers are causing consid
erable damage to grain ln Fresno. Amador and
Ban xo&qutn counties, but have wrt yet at
tacked fruit orchards. W.'th tha exertion of
pears, deciduous fruits ere in cxc*U*at condi
tion, maturing rapidly, and wl'.l y,«id gcod
crops. Grapes are very thrifty. Citrus fruits
ere doing well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Clear, warm
days and foggy nights have prevailed during
the week, making conditions favorable for all
crops. Haying continues and is nearly com
pleted ln come sections; the yield Is reported
fully up to expectations. Wheat and barley
are maturing and 'fair crops will be harvested
in ecme localities. Harvesting has commenced
in the country back of San Diego, where grain
promises on excellent yield. Beans and sugar
beets are making sood growth. Walnuts are
doing well, and the yield will be nearly aver
age. Apricots will be light. Other fruits and
grapes are In good condition. Irrigating water
Is becoming scarce In Oran»r« County.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Weather hot
ln the Interior during the last few days. The
farmers are busy Irrigating and pumping plants
are running full capacity. Oranges are about
cleaned up in places, and a fair crop set for
text season.
EUREKA SUMMARY. — Weather conditions
favorable. Crops abundant and making rapid
growth. Email fruits are a little late, but
plentiful. Cherries expected ln market ln about
two weeks* Hay crop heavy. <
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— •
July 70% 71% 70% 71%
September 69% > 70% 69% 70
December 70% 71% 70% 71%
Corn, No. 2 —
July 62% 63% 62% 62%
September 68 58% 67% 68%
December 44 44 43% 44fc
Oats. No. 2 —
July, old 36 36% 35% 36%
July, new 38% SS% 38 38%
September, old. 28% 28% 28% 28U
September, new. 30 30^4 30' 30%
Mess pork, per bbl —
July 17 47% 17 72% 17 47% 17 72%
September 17 55 17 80 17 55 17 80
Lard, per 100 lbs— :
July .":... 10 32% 10 37% 10 32% 10 37%
September 10 32% 10 40 10 32% 10 40
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 10 40 10 75 10 40- 10 75
September 10 20 10 35 10 20 10 27%
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 8 p. m.,
120th Meridian time, San Francisco, June 10,
1902:
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates are steady
at 255, usual European options, with 27s 6d for.
July-August loadlnsr. The chartered wheat'
fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 15,300,
against 25,936 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 34.2S0 tons; against 2734; on the
way to this port, 259,770 tons, against 1S2.180.
j WHEAT — The foreign markets were quiet
and featureless. . Liverpool and Paris futures
were both lower. • .
Bradstreet's gave the world's supply as fol
lows: East of the Rockies, a decrease of
2,609,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, a decrease
or 2,000,000; total decrease, 4,609,000 bushels.
Chicago was tame and not materially
changed. There were 37 loads taken for ex
port. • .
San Francisco was dull and without feature.
Shipping ' grades were easy, while milling
wheat was firmly held. <
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 11%; mill
ing, $1 15@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, $1 10%; 10,000, $1 10%.
Second Session — December — 36,000 ctls,
?1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 10 Vi-
BARLEY — The market Is apathetic and un
changed. A car of new Feed sold at 92%c, and
old Is quoted at 95c. There Is some pressure
to sell and but little inclination to buy. - Of
ferings are not large, but they are sufficient.
New Feed. 92%c; old Feed. 93%@95c for No.
1 and 90@92%c for off grades; brewing. 96%@
97%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — July, new — 2000
ctls, 84Vic.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
83c; 2000 ctls, 83^0.
OATS— The continued dullness and weakness
of the past few. days have at last resulted in
a sligrht decline. The market Is weak, and
sellers were around yesterday asking for bids
for new crop offerings. Buyers showed no de
sire to speculate, however.
Grays, $1 35@1 42%; Whites, $1 32%@
1 47%; Milling. $1 47%@1 50; Black. $1 22*%
1 32%; Red. $1 30@l 42% per ctl.
CORN — Shares the weakness of the other
grains, but spot stocks are still controlled by
one house which does not permit the market
to go down. • The demand Is slow.
Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 50«tfl 52%; White, $1 55@1 60.
RYE — Is lower and dull at about 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over Southern
California, Arizona and the Puget Sound coun
try; elsewhere on the Pacific Coast it is fair.
Light showers are reported from Southern'
California and Western Arizona.
The pressure has fallen over the Interior of
California and the plateau region and risen over
the Rocky Mountains and along the Southern
California coast. '- .
The temperature has fallen ln the San Joa
quin Valley and remained about stationary ln
other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 11:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Wednes
day with fog along the coast at night; brisk
westerly wind on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy and threatening,
probably with showers Wednesday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Wednesday with fog at night; brisk westerly
wlrd. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official Temporarily ln Charge.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables ~ — -4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries are mostly -In poor condition
and a great many were sold below the qaqted
prices. Raspberries and Loganberries were
weaker, as receplts were liberal and much of
the stock came to hand in poor condition. Ber
ries in crates from Loomis were mostly soft
and sold slowly at a decline. Prices of Cur
rants had a wider range, owing to the soft and
leaky condition of most of the receipts. Choice
Gooseberries did better under light receipts.
The demand for good Cherries continued brisk
and some nicely packed . stock in cartons from
San Jose sold for 75c, but the quotations cover
the general run of offerings. Fancy offerings
in bulk were scarce and there were a lot of.
poor Royal Anne sold as low as 4c per lb.
The canners paid 5@o : /2C for good Royal Anne
and 2@.'ic for other kinds. , _
Green fruitS are- slowly declining, as receipts
are increasing. Small shipments, of Figs and
Nutmeg Melons were received from Yuma and
sold without difficulty.
Dealers report a steady movement in Or
anges at previous prices. The market is almost
bare of Lemons and Grape Fruit and the quo
tations are easily obtained for offerings. Ba
nanas, Limes and Pineapples show no change.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for
Longwortha and $3 5Q®5 50 for Mallndas; crates
from Florin. 05c@$l.
RASPBERRIES— $5(59 per chest; crates from
Loomis, 65c@$l. .
LOGANBERRIES— $5@8 per chest; crates,
$173.
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomis,
$1 25.
GOOSEBERRIES— $2 5CS3 per chest and 2
@3c In bulk; English. 6@7c per lb.
. CURRANTS — $2 60(35 oer chest.
CHERRY
PLUMS — 10050c per drawer.
APRICOTS— 75c@$l per box and $1@1 25 per
crate for common offerings; fancy Seedlings,
from Winters, $1@1 25 per drawer.
APPLES — 52 00®3 ner box for old: Green,
50@6oc per box and 25350c per basket; large
boxes, ?1@1 25.
PEARS — Madeline. 40@60c for small boxes
and $1 for large; baskets. 25@40c.
PEACHES — From Vacavllle and tb» river,
$1@1 25 per box.
CHERRIES— White. 25@40c per box: ln bulk.
2©3c; Black, 35@63c per box and 2%©5o ln
bulk; Royal Anne, 65c@$l per box and 5@ec
ln bulk.
FIGS — Black from Yuma. $2 per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs from Yuma, $3@4 per
crate. >
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 50c@
2 25: Mediterranean Sweets, • $1 25@3; St.
Michaels. $1@2; Valencias. $2 50@4; Lemons.
$1 25@1 50 for common. $1 75<@2 25 for good to
choice and $3(33 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit.
$2@3 50;- Mexican Limes, $4®4 50; Bananas,
$2fK5 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 60®
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
CHICAGO, June 10. — Dry, warm weather
and lower cables that Indicated Improving
weather abroad depressed wheat at the open
ing. Outside markets also were weak. Trade
was not Inclined to do much one way or the
other, and, as usual, on Government crop
report days, assumed something of a wait
ing attitude. The crop report was expected
to show considerable Improvement over lost
month's figures, and some of the crowd start
ed to anticipate its bearish effect by selling. ,
This was true in outside markets, and in sev
eral cases the pits were oversold. Minneapo
lis started a reaction. There was some fair
covering, and elevator Interests did some good
buying. July wheat, after opening %@%c
to %@%c lower at 70%c to 70%c, advanced
to 71Vi@71%c. A large decreased world's
visible supply — 600,000 bushels — decreased
Northwestern receipts, and the Northwestern
strength held prices rather steady for som»
time. July closed slightly firmer, %c higher,
at 71%@71%c.
The tine weather was a handicap to the
bull argument In corn at the start, but It
eoon save way to the support of the big bull
Interest. July closed firm, %@V4c higher,
at 62%c.
Oats ruled dull but steady. July closed
steady, unchanged at 38%c. ¦ >
Provisions were dull, but strong. Hogs were
weaker, but packers' Itod stuff for higher
prices, and advanced the quotations on a few
artificial sales. July pork closed 22%c up;
lard, 2%@0c higher, and ribs, 27%c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
9%c for heavy and 0c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted VeaL 9%c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culla. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c: Dry Calf. 16@18c; Culla and
Brands, 15<@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20<S>
30c each; short wool. 40@tJ0c each; medium.
6o@73c; long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Hors»
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 30 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c Tor Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buclc
Skins — Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American. 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prims Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c; medium, 32c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%@6o per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendocino,
15@17o; Northern free. 14@16c: do, defective,
1S@14; Middle County free. 13@15; do. de
fective. 12©13c; Southern. 12 months. 9*10c;
do. 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14o per lb
for good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for live sheep and lambs are some
what lower, but dressed Mutton shows littla
change. The Mutton market on the whole is
weak, as usual at this season of the year, when
supplies Increase. Beef is also easy, 'with a
slight shading in quotations. There is no
change in VeaL The packers are still trylnjt
to buy Hogs at 6%c. but with poor success, as
receipts are still light. Suckling lambs from
this State have about ceased, but they will bo
coming in from Nevada within two weeka.
DRESSED MEATS. -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF — 6%®7%c for Steers and 5%©6c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7fc®8%c; Ewes, T03o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are- fo» good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8%@9c: Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c: tMn Cows, 4;35c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes, 3&@3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50(32 75 per
head or 4®l' 2 c per lb live weight; yearlings.
aVaiilc per lb. . .'
_HOGS— "-Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%t>
6%c; 200 lbs and over. «@6%c; feeders, 6®
CViC; sows, 20 per cent off, boars 60 per cent
off and stags 40 per cent oft from the above
quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bass. June and July, 5"i©6c;
San Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bass. 32335c; Fleece
Twine. 7%S8c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— The demand Is
reported imnroved. No prices for future To
matoes have yet been announced, as the can
ners are waiting to see how the vines turn
out. Peas, 2-lb standard. 85c; sifted, 95c; ex
tra sifted. $1 10; petlts poxs. $1 23. Gallons —
Standards, $3 73; extra sifted. $4 25. Aspara
gus, per case, 2 dozen cans to the case — Mam
moth White, *2 50@;> 75; Large White, W®
3 75; Medium White, $1 75@2 65; Small White.
$1 60; Mammoth Green. $2 63@3 65; Larg»
Green. $2^2 00; Medium. Green. $1 73©U 50;
Small Green. $1 CO.
CANNED FRUITS — The demand la better
and prices are steadier, and some larse sales
have recently been made. Stocks are liberal
here, -but light In the East. The California
Fruit Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins:
Apples, $1 33@1 55; Apricots. $1 23@1 50;
Peaches, yellow. $1 40@l 65; do. Lemon Cling.
$1 60@l 75; Bartlett Pears. $1 50@l 75; Plums.
*1 10@l 30: Nectarines, $1 25@1 30; Muscat
Grapes, $1 KWj 1 85; Quinces, $1 SOJfl 55;
Strawberries, $1 3O0J1 75; Blackberries $1 40
@1 CO. ..
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Rcslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta, $S;
Wallsend. $S 50; Co-CDeratlve Wallsend. $3 50;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eztt. : Welsh An
thracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $3 45 cer 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company has
withdrawn quotations, but bale . rope la being
quoted to the country by dealers and commis
sion men at 11%i0>12c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 5%o:
cases, regular, 6c; cases, extra largre, 6 J /4c;
cases. Eastern style. B%c; Boneless, 7c; "Nor
way," 7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7%c; "Silver
King," 8c; blocks, "Orientals," 7c: blocks,
"Seabright." 7%c; tablets, 8c: Middles. 7%<9
S%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy boneless. 9%c; 2-lt>
boxes, fancy boneless.- S@S%c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 90c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each. $8;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $5.
COFFEE — First-hand asking prices are:
Costa Rica — 13%@15o for " strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12@13%c for prime washed:
10%@ll%c for good washed; ll*i@13c for good
to prime washed peaberryt 10%@llc for good
to prime peaberry; 10V4@llc for good to prime;
8@9%c for fair; 5%@7%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador- — 12®12%c for strictly prlma
¦washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed:
8%<g9%c for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9@9%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8%@8Tsc for superior un
washed; 8@8%c for good green unwashed; 9@
9%c lor good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6%@7c for common to ordinary. Nicaragua—
12@14c for prime to fancy washed; 9v;@lO%o
for fair to strictly good washed; 7%@3^ic for
good to superior unwashed; 8%@9'jtC for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— 12@15c for prime to fancy washed;
ll@ll%c for strictly good washed; 10@10%o
for good washed; 8%@9%c for fair washed; 7@
8V4c for medium: 6%@6%c for Inferior to ordi
nary; 10%@12o for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9@»%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; S@8%o for good to superior un
washed.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy, 20®32c; extra
heavy, S0@40c- per 1b; medium. 27@20c; light.
24@26c: Rough Leather. 26®2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35@39c for No. 1 and 30(3.T3o
for No. 2j medium. 30@37c; light. 29®35o;
Skirting No. 1 40®42c; No. 2. 3e@3Sc; Collar
Leather. 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather. 40®
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@5Oc per lb- Veal fin
«i T ii^ BARK ~? round - ?25 ® 28 *** ton; stick.
?16@IS ser cord.
«i >IIj ~~ Ca L 1 / 0 £? la ,, , Castor OH. to cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed OU. m barrels, boned.
• 8c: raw ,6c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. fete toe
boiled and 6bc for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases $1 06;
China Nut. 67%@68c per gallon
SS 01 * Jri b , ar K ls> 70c: cases. 73c: Sperm, pure.
f^-W. 1 ™ 1 * n v atural "bite. 40@50c pir gal
lon;. Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c:cases. 47«c:
Austral *** tOr *"*
IfcuvSOc; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove. Gasoline in bulk. 16c;
£«.? S 9iV.^r!i£ : ' Beazlne - ln '*"!*. U%c: "*
Sses', 26%cf SrM Gasolln «. l * bulk. 20 c = la
e JYn^£^ NE Tl 71c '¦»«¦ Wlon in easea and
?,i^. dl ?S^ lron barrels.
T*?e S/nJPxiXJ? 1^? L EAD— Red Lead., 7®
to % qu£ntlty. : Whlte 6%®7%c. according
s2S,»»7r Li 7 erpool> t 30 ® 5 * 50 for the bestfand
t lvf^t { ? T eSo^^ fllled - Domestic— Imitation
CeHfSS 1 * •* 2 ® 25 ©27 ; H. R. H.. $26 23027;
California Dairy. 50-lb bags, $26; Rock Salt.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mall reports from New York cays
"The interest centers largely In spot prunes,
end on 40-50s in 25-lb boxes, new Santa Claras,
tho market is somewhat firmer at 6%c Stocks
ere reported light. A little firmness Is noted
also in 50-OOs and 60-70s. while 70-SOs are hard
er to find. The business doing Is mainly for
export to Germany and France, and the move
ment includes both old and new fruit In the
Elzes mentioned. Some purchases to come East
have been made from the coast; price paid. It
Is understood, was around the 3c f. o. b. four
clze basis. The tendency of the market is
higher, and for old fruit of attractive quality
the disposition Is strong. Oregon prunes. 30-40s,
in 25-lb boxes, are also In some request. The
general jobbing trade In all descriptions, how
ever. Is only moderate. For 1902 crop late ad
vices report prospects of a good yield. la
raisins spot seeded Coast pack Is firmer. In
quiries for Interior account are reported for
fancy 1-lb cartons. Holders quote 8%c On
Eastern pack SU@S%c will buy. Choice grades
are scarce, with 8^8% c quoted. Valencia
layers are steady and scarce. In currants the
market continues barely steady, with 5%c
quoted on fine Amalia grades. In apricots the
market is fairly steady, with a little business
done on export account. Futures are not at
tracting special. attention. Coast price Is 6%c
for choice Royals in 25-lb boxes. Spot peaches
are steady and In Jobbing request. In dates
there Is noted a firm situation on all descrip
tions within the quoted range. Fards are
stronger. There Is a strong feeling noted on
Brazil nuts, with a Mgher tendency reported
in some quarters. Spot Is quoted at 6»ic for
medium and 7c for large. Spot filberts are
steady. In Tarragona almonds we note a mod
erate business for small lots, with 11 %c quoted.
Shelled almonds are firmly held and In fair re
ouest."
Chicago Grain and Produce.
LONDON, June 10.— Consols, , 07; silver.
23 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 97%c; cargoe* on
pasrage. heavy and depressed; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s; English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, June 10. — Wheat, quiet; No.
1 standard California. 6s 3d@6s 4d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, unsettled. • .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 31-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of Butter continue free, and dealers
are quoting tho market weak or steady ac
cording as their stocks run. The general sit
uation remains unchanged, though 22c la now
an extreme figure for creamery, as large and
posted buyers can easily supply their wants
at 21c. •
There Is little change In Cheese. Stocks are
not heavy as they have been.
Most dealers reports Eggs accumulating again
since the advance, and the general feeling is
weak. Fine large rar.ch will still bring the
top quotation, but it Is extreme. Receipts are
running larger than last week.
Receipts were 43,300 pounds. 172 cubes of
Butter,' 1393 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs. 640O pounds of California Cheese
and — --pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 21@2'.'c per pound for
fancy, 20%c for flrst3 and 20c for seconds;
dairy, 17@21c: store Butter, 14@16c per pound.
CHEESE — New, 0@10c; old, nominal: Young
America, 10@10%c: Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 20@21c for fancy and 17 %@
19c for fair to good; store. 17@17%c per dozen.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 65%c; valley. 66%c; bluestem, 66%
067c. " .
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, June 10.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
bluestem, 65%c; club, 64%c.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail quotation! for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers" Protective Association:
BEEF— Prime roast. 15(ffl8c; Porterhouse
Ftenk. 17%@22%c; Tenderloin steak. 16@18c;
Elrloin tteak. 12%@15c; Top Round steak,
12%c; Beef stew, 10c; Corned Beef, S@10c;
Soup bones. 4c; Soup meat. SiilOc.
VEAL— Loin roast. 15©20c; Shoulder roast.
12% Si 15c: Chops or Cutlets, 15@-20c.
MUTTON — Leg, 12%c; Fore-quarter. 8@10c:
Etew. S@IOc: Prime chops. 15@18c; Shoulder
chops. 3O@l2%c.
SPRING LAMB— Chops. 15@20c; Leg. 15@
ISc; Fore-quarter. 12 %o.
PORK— Loin roast. 15@18c; Leg roast 12%c;
6boul<ier roast. ll@12%c; Chops. 15@18c.
• These prices do not cover the cheapest
grades, a.-- it is Impossible to quote regular
prices on them.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 10—5 p. m.
Northern Business.
-' SEATTLE, June 10.— Clearings, $714,925;
balances, $146,128.
PORTLAND, June 10 —Clearings, $603,223;
balances, $63,589.
SPOKANE. June 10.— Clearings, $234,294;
balances. $35,414. ' ¦
TACOMA, June 10.— Clearings, $23S,725; bal
ances, $23,251.
* : #
NEW YORK, June 10.— FLOUR— Receipta.
29,448 barrels; exports, 28,418 barrels. Steady
all day. <
WHEAT— Receipts, 121,300 bushels. Spot,
steady. No. 2 red, 77%c elevator and 78%®
79 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
80%c f. a. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
83%c f. o. b. afloat. Wheat ruled steady to
firm all day, closing firm %o net higher. July,
77 5-16@77%c, closed 77%c; September, 75 7-16
@75%c, closed 75%c; December, 76 5-16@77c,
closed 77c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
COFFEE — Spot. Rio. easy; No. 7 invoice.
5%c; mild, quiet. Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures
market closed steady at a net loss of 6@10
points. Total sales, 59,600 bags, including:
July, 4.85c; September, 5c; October, 5.15c; De
cember, 5.25c
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples is quiet
and without material chatlse. State common
to good, 7@9%c; prime, 10c; choice, 10%@10%c;
fancy, lie.
California dried fruits are steady with a
fairly active trade in some departments.
PRUNES— Firm at 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS — Boxes are quoted at 10%@14c;
bags, 10%@12e.
PEACHES — Peeled, quiet, 12@16c; unpeeled,
8%@10%c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June: 10.— The cotton market
opened firm, with prices 1 to 6 points higher,
and closed steady 7 to 14 points net higher.
Poultry and Game.
The poultry market Is firm and active owing
to the heavy demand caused by tho large num
ber of visitors in the city. The receipts of
Californian were heavy, but the market clean
ed up. A car of Eastern was expected, but
had not arrived up to a late hour.
There were no changes In Game.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25®1 60: Ducks. $3 50@4 for
old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4 50®5 50:
young Roosters. $6f>0@8; old Roosters. $4 50
@5: Fryers. $4 50®6: Broilers, $3@4 for large
and $2 25@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75 per
dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 10..— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances. S199.107.341; gold, $98,
826.S92.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. June 10.— While the busi
ness in the wool market has been quiet this
week, prices have remained firm and some
dealers are . looking more hopefully to the fu
ture. They say that an active demand and
large transactions can hardly be. expected just
now, as It Is between- seasons In the goods
market. The mill situation has further im
proved and the mills where strikes have been
in operation for some time have steadily been
adding to their lists of busy looms. There haa
been a fair movement In new and old terri
torial wool and they are firm. Strictly fine
scoured, 4S@50c; fine and fine medium, 44@46c;
staple, 62c; medium. 38@40o. Territory wool
it coming forward, but It Is held at figures
above this market; fall cleaned basis, 48c;
twelve months, 48@50cf spring, 45@46c.
New York Money Market.
NEW . YORK, June 10.— Close— Money on
call, steady at 2%@3 per cent closed and
asked, 2@2% per cent bid.
Prime mercantile paper, ! 4@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates, ?4 85%@4 86 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills. $4 84%@4 85%.
Bar silver, 51%c. *•
Mexican dollars, 42c.
Government bonds, steady. State bonds,
firm;* railroad bonds, irregular.
Continued dullness in heal stocks and bonds.
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat and Barley continue dull and easy.
Oats slightly bzucr, with bids asked for new crop.
Corn weak, but held up. Rye lower.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs all in good supply.
Stocks of Dried Fruits, except Prunes, down to nothing.
Provisions still inactive and featureless.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs getting a little cheaper. .
Better demand for Canned Fruits and Vegetables.
Local Cordage company withdraws quotations.
No further changes in Oils.
New Potatoes and Onions firmer.
Asparagus and Tomatoes lower.
Poultry firm and active, with a good local demand.
Fresh Fruits slowly declining under increasing receipts.
rather easy, despite some demand for call
loans for Stock Exchange purposes and in the
face of a sub-treasury absorption since last
Friday of nearly $1,500,000. The traders were
inclined to take a hopeful view of the pros
pect for an early settlement of the coal strike
and the resumption of operations and earnings
by the companies. There were some intima
tions that plans were making for an attempt
to resume mining operations, but no admis
sion could be procured of any prospect of a
settlement with the miners. The market closed
dull and steady.
The bond market was dull and narrow, with
an irregular movement of prices. Total gales,
$1,900,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
" NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. \ Close.
Atchison .78,100 81% 80% 81%
Atchison pfd 2,300 90% 99 99%
Baltimore & Ohio. . 300 105% 105% 105%
B & Ohio pfd 94
Canadian Pao .... 12.800 136 134% 135%
Canada South 94%
Chesa & Ohio 600 46% 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton... 100 37% 37 37%
Chi & Alton pfd .. 100 70% 76% 76
Chi Ind & Louis.. 100 74% • 74% 74%
Chi I & L pfd 86
Chi & E 111 . 162
Chi & G West 2,400 28% 28% -»%
Chi & G W A pfd .... 89
Chi&GWBpfd.. 300 4S% 48% 48%
Chi & Northw*n.. 2,900 252% 250 252%
C R I & Pac 1,200 172% 171% 172
Chi Term & Trans. 200 21 20 21
Chi Term & T pfd 200 38% 37% 38
C C C & St Louis.. 3,700 104% 104% 104
Colo Southern .... 600 31 80% 30%
Colo South 1st pfd.. ' B00 70% 10% 70
Colo South 2d pfd. 300 42% 42 42
Del & Hudson 400 173% 173 # 174
Del Lack & W .... 275
Denver & Rio G 275
Denver & R G pfd. 200 90% 90% 90%
Erie 4,800 37% 36% 37
Erie 1st pfd 600 68% 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 52%
Great Nor pfd 1S4
Hocking Valley .. 1,000 85% 84% 85
Hocking Val pfd . . 200 92 91% 92
Illinois Central ... 1,200 151% 151 151%
Iowa Central 45
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 84 84 83
K C Southern 200 32% 32% 33
K C Southern pfd.. 300 01% Cl 61
L E & Western... 100 05% 05% 05
L E & West pfd 125
Louis & Nash .... 600 137% 137 137
Manhattan L 4,500 131% 131 131%
Metro St Ry S00 150% 140% 140
Mexican Cent 26%
Mexican National.. 300 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis 110
Mo Pacific 6,000 100% 100 100%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 500 2U'A 26% 26%
M K & Tex pfd.. 600 57 56% 57%
N J Central 18 1
N Y Central 700 155% 154% 155
Norfolk & West... 15.400 50% 50% 56 >4
Norfolk & W pfd.. 200 1)0% 90% SO
Ontario & West 500 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 2,600 149% 14!)% 149%
Reading 11,800 03% «3 «3*«
Reading 1st pfd .. 700 ¦ 84 84 83%
Reading 2d pfd ... 200 68% 6SVi 68U
St L & S P 6,800 69 68% 68%
St L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 500 72% 72% 72%
Sc L & SW 500 28% 27% 28%
St L & SW pfd.... 600 61% 60 61%
St Paul 19,300 170% 169% 170%
St Paul pfd 12,300 1S9 189 189
Southern Pac 5,400 64% 64 64%
Southern Ry 46,100 37% 30% 87V4
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 04"i 94% 94%
Tex & Pacific 4C0 41 40% .40%
T St L & West 20%
T St L & W pfd 200 87Vi 37 37
Union Pacific 13,300 105%. 104% 105
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 87% 87% S7>4
Wabash 2,700 27% 26% 27
Watash pfd 3,700 44% 43% 44%
Wheel & L E 21%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 34%
Wisconsin Central. 1,700 27% 27 27%
Wisconsin Cent pf. 800 49% 4S% 48%
Express companies —
Adams , 197
American 222
United States 115 s
Wells-Fargo 200 x
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper COO 69 08% GS%
Am Car & Foundry 15,700 32% 32 32%
Am Car & Foun pf. 200 91% 91% 91%
Am Linseed Oil 25
Am Linseed Oil pf ' .... 51
Am Locomotive . 1,000 33% S3 33
Am Locomotive pfd 100 92% 92%- 91%
Am Smelt & Refin. 800 4S% 48% 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd 800 99 99 98%
Anaconda Min Co.. 500 114 113% 113 >/•
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2,100 67% 67 67%"
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 99% 99% 90%
Consolidated Gas... 1,500 221 220 221
Continental Tob pf 124
General Electric... 300 320- 319% 317%
Hocking Coal 300 17 16% 16%
International Paper 20%
Internatril Pap pfd 75
Internatnl Power.. 1,100 80 80 75
Laclede Gas " .... 90
National Biscuit .. 4S
National Lead .... 1,000 22% 22 22%
North American 121
Pacific Coast C5
Pacific Mail 400 42 41% 40
People's Gas 101U
Pressed Steel Car. 900 47 46% 47%
Pressed St Car pfd 100 87 87 87
Pullman Pal Car .... 232
Republic Steel 100 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 300 74% 74% 74Vi
Sugar 6,400 128% 127% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.600 63% 63 63 nj"
Union Bag & Paper 200 18 16 15U
Union Bag & P pfd 200 84 S4 83%
U S Leather 600 13% 13% 13 #
U S Leather pfd.. 3,900 86% 85% 85%
U S Rubber i4.y.
U S Rubber pfd 55^
U S Steel 13,100 C9 38% 38?i
U S Steel pfd....... 7,500 89% 88% 80%
Western Union 700 90% 90% 90%
Total Sales 274.800
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lOS L & N Unl 4s... .103%
U S ref 2s coup..lOS% Mexican Cent 4s. 83
U S 3s reg 107 V4 Mex Cent 1st inc. 31%
U S 3a coup 107% Minn &St L 4s 105
U S new 4s reg.. 136 Mo, K & T 4s {)9%
U S new 4s coup. 130 ' M, K & T 2ds... 82%
U S old 4a reg.. .109% N Y Cent lsts... .104%
U S old 4s coup. 110% N Y C gen 3%s..lO!)
U S 5s reg....... 105 N J Cent gen 5S..130
U S 5s coup 105 N Pacific 4s 105
Atchison gen 4s. .103% N Pacific 3s... 74
Atchison adj 4s.. 93% N & W. con 4s... 101 U
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102^ Reading een 4s.. 100
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 90% S L & I M con 5s.ll(5%
B & O conv 4s... 10C S L & S F 4s.. 1G0
Canada So 2ds...lO8% St L Swstrn lsts. i)0%
Cent of Ga 5s.... 10!) St L Swstrn 2ds.. 87
Cent Ga 1st inc. 82% S A & A P 4s... 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 108 So Pacific 4s 92%
Chgo & Alt 3%s. 85% So. Railway 5s...l23Vi
C. B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac lsts. ..119%
C,M & S Pgen 4s. 117 Tol, St L & W 4s. 82%
C & NW con 7S..138 [Union Pacific 4s. 100%
C. R I & P 4s... 112 |U Pac conv 4s... 107%
C.C.C&S Lgen 4s.lO2% Wabash lsts 119%
Chso Term 4s 00 j Wabash Sds 112%
Colo & So 4s 93% Wabash deb B... 74%
D & R G 4s 104 West Shore 4s... 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 W & L, E 4s 95
Erie een 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s 94
F W & D C lsts. 113% Con Tobacco 4s.. 67
Hocking Val 4%s.llO%l
NEW YORK
MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con .. 20i Little Chief 12
Mice 40iDntario 7 00
Breece CO Dphir l 35
Brunswick Con — . 09 Phoenix ...• 00
Uomstock Tunnel.. 5% Potost .......... 25
Con Cal & Va....l 25 fSavage '.. 10
Deadwood Terra.. .1 00 Sierra Nevada . . 12
Horn Silver..... ..1 25 fmall Hopes... 45
Tron Silver........ 72 Standard ..... 3 20
Leadville Con. 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — U S Steel ...:.... 38%
Call loans ....3%<g>4% U S Steel pfd 8S%
Time loans ...4 @5 Westinghse com.. 107
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s 102*4 Adventure ....... 73%
Gas lsts OO14 Amalgamated ... 68%
Mexican Cent 4s. 81 Daly West 43
N E Gas & Coke. 50 Bingham 34%
Railroads — . Calumet & Hecla.515
Atchison 81% I Centennial 10%
Atchison pfd 90% < Copper Range.... 58
Bo3ton & Albany.260 Dominion Coal....l39«
Boston & Maine. .200 Franklin ......... nw
Boston Elevated.. 1C5 Isle. Royale. .... 12 vi
N Y. N H & H..231 Mohawk 42%
Fltchburg pfd. ...143% Old Dominion.... 19%
Union Pacific 104%|Osceola 61%
Mexican Central.. 26Vt Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Quincy 130
American Sugar.. 127% Santa Fe Copre'r' 1%
Am Susar pfd... 110 Tamarack ... 175
Am Tel & Tel.... 174 Trinity 12 U
Dom Iron & Steel. C3% United States..... 20%
General Electric. .317 Utah .... o\W
Mass Electric... 43% Victoria ... '"¦ 4
Mass Elec pfd... 07 Winona .... '.. 3%
N E Gas & -Coke. 4 Wolverines .... 65
United Fruit .100. United Copper.... 34%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... 06% NY Central;...! 18.3%
Cons for account. 97 Norfolk & Westn. 58%
Anaconda 5% Nor & Westn pfd. 92
Atchison 83% Ontario & Westn. 33%
Atchison pfd. ....101% Pennsylvania ..V 76%
Bait & Ohio IO8V4 Reading ..?...... 32%
Canadian Pacific. 138% Reading -1st prd.. 4 >> ii
Ches & Ohio 47% Reading 2d pfd... 35%'
Chgo G Western. 20 So Railway ; ..... 38%
C. M & St P 173% So Railway pfd.. 97&
Den & Rio Gr 42% So Pacific ........ 65%
D & Rio Gr pfd.. 03% Union Pacific 107%
Erie .37% Union Pac Dfd... OOH
Erie 1st pfd 69% US Steel.. ..40%
Erie 2d pfd ..53 US Steel pfd.... 01
Illinois Central... 154% Wabash ......... 27%
Louisvl & Nashvl.139% Wabash pfd....;. 44%
Mo, Kans & Tex. 37% Spanish 4s... ...;!_80
Bar silver. 23 15-16d per ounce.
Money, 2@ 2% per cent.
.The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 11-16 per cent, and for three
months' bills 2% per cent. , ' •
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ..
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
London Market.
' NEW TORK, June 10. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :
Stocks were J die and dull. As the new ac
count will have a record shortness of twelve
days owing to the coronation festivities little
business is expected. Consols were weak at 97.
Americans were . firm on strike settlement ru-.
mors and the expectation of a good crop re
port. Atchison Is in demand, a3 is Southern
Railway, on cotton crop prospects. Contan
goes were stiff at 5%; United States Steel and
some other stocks at 6 Money is scarce on
withdrawals to finance Kaffirs and the ap
proaching bank half year settlements. Canadian
Pacific i had a sharp setback on profit-taking.
A large amount of gold has arrived from Aus
tralia and £500,000 from India is due on Mon
day. The new Cane loan announced last Sat
urday has been subscribed thrice over.
little business In old crop Potatoes, but prices
showed no change. - ¦n „ . .. "
New red Onions did better under light re
ceipts. Old were unchanged. _; . . t
Mississippi Tomatoes were firmly held .ai
$2 25@2 50 per crate, but the market was de
cidedly weaker, owing to the large receipts of
new crop from Los Angeles. Supplies of Mexi
can are light and offerings sell readily. As
paragus arrived in bad order, being overheated
and sold slowly at -the decline noted. String
Beans were, firmer under a steady demand,
both locally and for shipping, and the market
•cleaned up at an advance although receipts
were large. Cucumbers and Summer Squash
continued to weaken under heavier receipts.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, *1@* 5O n J£
sacks; in boxes from the river $1@1 40 for
the Early Rose and $1 25@1 85 for Burbanks
with some fancy higher; *>ld. 90c@$l for Bur
banks from the river; from Oregon and Wash
ington, $1@1 25; River Reds, $1@1 25; Sweets,
~O C NIONS^Au e straHan, $3 25@3 50. second
hands; new red, 45@55c per sack; Silverskins,
S5@50c per box. ' ¦ ...
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. tTom^ v *S^C'.
20@25c per dozen; from Brent wood. 30@J3c.
Asparagus, extra fancy. $1 75@2 25 per box.
$1 25@1 50 for No. 1 and 75c@$l for NaJ.
Rhubarb. 50@75c per box; extra fancy, OOcijj
$1; Green Peas, 75c@n 25 per sack; Garden
Peas. $1 50@l 75 per sack; String Beans 2%
@3%c per lb and 3@4%c for Wax; Refugee
Beans, 4@5c per lb; Cabbage. »0c@$l per ctl,
Los Angeles Tomatoes. $2®2 25 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes. $2@2 25 per box; Dried
Peppers. 10@llc per lb; Los Angeles do 13®
17%c; Carrots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers from
Marysvllle. 90c@$l per box; from Arizona. $1
per box; Hothouse do. 25@60c per dozen; Garlic,
2@3%c for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
10@12%c; Mexican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 7@10c; Summer Squash,
75c@$l for small boxes and $2 for large; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; ¦ Hubbard
Squash, $15@20.
ners, $1 50@2 50; bulls, : $2 50@5 60; calves,
$2 50@6 50; Texas steers, $5 O0@7 00.
-. Hogs— Receipts, 25,000; to-morrow, 35,000;
left over, . 5000. Steady to 5c ; lower. Mixed
and butchers' #7 00@7 47%; good to choice
heavy, ; |7 40@7 55; rough . hevy, . $7 10 8*7 35;
light. $6 85@7 35; bulk, $7 10@7 35.
.Sheep — Receipts, 12,000; 10c to 15c lower.
Iambs, steady to 25c lower. Good to choice
wethers, $5 25@6 15; fair to choice mixed,
$4 60@5 00 ; Western - sheep, $5 ¦ 25@6 15 ; na
tive lambs, clipped; $5 25@6 75; Western
lambs, clipped, $5 50@7 00; spring lambs,
$7 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
5 ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 10.— Cattle — Re
ceipts, 2000. Steady. Cows and heifers, $1 50®
6 00; veals, $3 50@5 50; stockers and feeders,
$2 50@5 50.
Hogs — Receipts, 8800. j Steady to 5c higher.
Light and light mixed, $7 00@7 35; medium
and heavy, $7 25©7 55; pigs, $4 00@G 25; bulk,
$7 20@7 45.
Sheep — Receipts, 335. Lambs, steady. Ewes,
25@50o lower. Top spring lambs, $7 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,: JUNE 11, 190?.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Gram and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Temperature at 7-a, m.. 60 degrees.
Foreign Futures.
Continued. wvFige'ElevML
10
STATIONS.
SB Sa
Ifil
li | 3
c c
S 3
P
a
n
g»
la
a <
o 5" o 2,
5 Jf
Chico 99
Clovcrdale 94
Cclusa 94
Eureka 58
Fresno 108
Hanford 104
Independence ...92
LJvermore ......96
Los Angeles 74
Napa 82
Newman 108
Palermo 100
PortervHle 105
Red Bluff 98
Riverside 80
Sacramento 90
San Diego 62
San Francisco . . 64
San Luis Opispo.72
Santa Maria 73
Santa Rosa 84
Willows 97
56
63
64
52
68
66
64
53
58
61
CO
58
66
68
56
60
53
50
52
56
46
63
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T »
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
Clear S Lt.
Clear
Clear
Clear NW 20
Pt-Cldy N Lt.
Clear
Pt.Cldy SB 14
Clear
Pt.Cldy "W 6
Clear S
Clear
Clear S
Cloudy .... ..
Clear S 10
Clear SB* *6
Pt-Cldy SW 8
Clear W 24
Clear W Lt.
Clear W
Clear
Clear
STATIONS.
o S K
3 3g S3
? E E •
• -* »t
a
?§
CD
4
£°
n
o"
s
Aetorta 30.12 64 50 W
Baker 29.96 70 46 N
Carson 29.74 S6 44 W
Eureka 30.00 5S t>2 NW
Fre&no 29.66 108 68 N
Flagstaff 29.68 86 60 NW
Pocatello. Ida.29.74 86 CO SW
Independence 29.78 92 60 SE
Lob Angeles.. 29. 88 74 68 'W
Phoenix 29.56 104 76 "W
Portland 30.06 72 48 NW
Red Bluff 29.66 DS 68 BE
Roseburg 29.98 74 44 N
Sacramento ..29.70 90 60 S
Salt Lake 62 ....
San Francisco. 29. 84 64 50 W
S. L. Oblspo. .29.88 72 46 W
San Dleffo 29.88 62 58 SW
Seattle 30.12 68 4S NW
Spokane 30.00 72 60 SW
Neah Bay 30.16 58 48 NW
Walla Walla.. 29.98 76 52 W
Wicnemucca .29.74 8S 50 W
Yuma 29.60 102 76 S
PtCldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
PtCldy .00
Cloudy .00
4>t Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
PtCldy .18
Clear .00
Cloudy i .00
Clear T.
STATIONS.
SB Sa
Ifil
li | 3
c c
S 3
P
a
n
g»
la
a <
o 5" o 2,
5 Jf
Chico 99
Clovcrdale 94
Cclusa 94
Eureka 58
Fresno 108
Hanford 104
Independence ...92
LJvermore ......96
Los Angeles 74
Napa 82
Newman 108
Palermo 100
PortervHle 105
Red Bluff 98
Riverside 80
Sacramento 90
San Diego 62
San Francisco . . 64
San Luis Opispo.72
Santa Maria 73
Santa Rosa 84
Willows 97
56
63
64
52
68
66
64
53
58
61
CO
58
66
68
56
60
53
50
52
56
46
63
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T »
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
T
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
Clear S Lt.
Clear
Clear
Clear NW 20
Pt-Cldy N Lt.
Clear
Pt.Cldy SB 14
Clear
Pt.Cldy "W 6
Clear S
Clear
Clear S
Cloudy .... ..
Clear S 10
Clear SB* *6
Pt-Cldy SW 8
Clear W 24
Clear W Lt.
Clear W
Clear
Clear
STATIONS.
o S K
3 3g S3
? E E •
• -* »t
a
?§
CD
4
£°
n
o"
s
Aetorta 30.12 64 50 W
Baker 29.96 70 46 N
Carson 29.74 S6 44 W
Eureka 30.00 5S t>2 NW
Fre&no 29.66 108 68 N
Flagstaff 29.68 86 60 NW
Pocatello. Ida.29.74 86 CO SW
Independence 29.78 92 60 SE
Lob Angeles.. 29. 88 74 68 'W
Phoenix 29.56 104 76 "W
Portland 30.06 72 48 NW
Red Bluff 29.66 DS 68 BE
Roseburg 29.98 74 44 N
Sacramento ..29.70 90 60 S
Salt Lake 62 ....
San Francisco. 29. 84 64 50 W
S. L. Oblspo. .29.88 72 46 W
San Dleffo 29.88 62 58 SW
Seattle 30.12 68 4S NW
Spokane 30.00 72 60 SW
Neah Bay 30.16 58 48 NW
Walla Walla.. 29.98 76 52 W
Wicnemucca .29.74 8S 50 W
Yuma 29.60 102 76 S
PtCldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
PtCldy .00
Cloudy .00
4>t Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy T.
Clear' .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
PtCldy .18
Clear .00
Cloudy i .00
Clear T.
AUCTIONrSALES
GRAND
AUCTION SAfcE.
We Will Sell
30 head of WORKING and DRIVING H0RSE3.
a lot of SECOND-HAND BUGGIES, CART9
and HARNESS; also one FINE BLACK
ROAD HORSE. RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY and
HARNESS: one fast PACING MARE. BUGGY
and HARNESS, i
Thursday, June 12, 11 a. m.
GROVE-ST. STABLES, GROVE ST., bet. Polk
and Van Ness ave.
$w OCCIDENTAL *w
Ja * HORSE EXCHANGE, -m
Bunker Hill Day Sale.
On TUESDAY. June 17. 1 will sell from the
PIERCE' S Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con«
eignment of DRAFT HORSES weighing front
1400 to 1600, all purpose and standard trotters
brood mares and their foals; and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard and
registered trotters, including fins matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Dillon. 2:07), On Stanley 2:17%, Frain 2:14v;
Diablo 2:09%. Bay Rose 2:20%. Director 217
Electioneer. General Benton. etc. Watch this
column for further particulars. Catalogues
issued June 12.
WM. O. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* AT £*
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 32T SECTH ST.,
WEDNESDAY. June 11. at 11 a. m.
I will sell 20 head of good WORK H0RSE3.
used by one of the largest concerns ln the city;
also 5 sets of good double harness. 4 sets og
single harness, 2 sets buggy harness; also 1
small wagon.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HOR3S3)
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper** wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.FROM . SEATTLE.
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
AMBITIOUS YOUNG ACTOR
AND GIRL WHOM HE WILL"
A quiet church wedding to-day at noon
will make Mrs. Anna Key Mace the bride
of Lieutenant James Edward Palmer, U
7« gj LztS 4JEHALDINE BOHEN and
AV/ll Case Edwards were the princi
// W \\ pals at a P rett >' home wedding
JL V JA. last evening at the residence of
the bride's aunt. Mrs. L. L
Amos, 929 Grove street. About fifty guests
v.itnefsed the ceremony. Father Byrne
cffici&tetl. The bridal party stood be
: tath an arch of smilax, from which was
suspended white doves. Bermuda lilies
were effectively arranged with foliage.
At intervals about the drawing-room
artistic Indian baskets were arranged
Brtth pink roses and foliage. The bride
»vas attended by Miss Marie Amos, a
oousin, who acted as maid of honor Miss
Beatrice Splvalo of Belmont and Miss
1 lorence Patrick were bridesmaids,
Adams Clark of Xew York was
ij«st man.
The bride was handsomely kowned In
v.hite pineapple mousseline oVer taffeta
and appllqued vith duchesse lace. The
long tulle veil was caught in the hair
•R»th orange blossoms. The bride carried
a shower bouquet of Bermuda lilies .Miss
Amos was charmingly attired in white
silk mull over taffeta, with garniture of
real lace. She carried a shower bouquet
or briuesmaid roses and wore an aigrette
in her hair. The bridesmaids wore dainty
fe'owns of white organdie over pink taf
feta and carried Cecil Brunner roses
\*ore aigrettes in the hair. The bride gave
her attendants shell pins with gold bands
rppropriately inscribed, together with
aigrettes. The ceremony was followed by
a reception and supper. In the reception
room small tables were placed and dec
orated with bridesmaid roses. The hall
was done in yellow.
The bride Is an accomplished daughter
of Benjamin Bohen, a prominent resident
of San Francisco. She has a splendid fig
ure, good style and a charming person
ality. The groom Is a member of the
firm of Edwards Bros., who own large
wholesale millinery houses both in New
York City and Chicago. Mr. and "Mrs.
Bdwards will enjoy an extensive wedding
trip, which will terminate In Xew York,
where the couple will reside.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 11.
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
¦ — ; . 7". /¦•¦.-¦ . , .
Branch Hydrographlc Of nee. U. 8. N. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco,' Cal
June 10, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at noon: to-day
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m., Greenwich . time.
W, H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
di;y In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives, the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except "when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the" number
given is subtracted from- the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.'
Sun rises '. .4:47
Sun sets . .'. 7 :31
Moon sets 11:40 p. m
NOTE! — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later, than at Fort Point;
the height tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and / Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of thcSuperintendent
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, June 10—2 d. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
rv . Bid. Ask. I • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup-.llOVfclH 4s qr cp(new)13C-- 137
4s qr reg....l09%110 13s qr new. .107%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 01% — Oak W G 5s.l03%104%
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Oceanic S 5s. 98 —
C C G&E 5s.l05%100% Omnibus 6s.l27%130
Cal-st 5s ...119% — Pac G Im 4s. 97 —
C Costa 5s.. 111% Pk & C H Cs. — 110 ..
Ed L & P 6s — • — Pk & O R 0s. — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR Bs.100 101
H C&S 5%S.1O2 — SF & SJV5s.l22%122%
Do 6s — — Sierra Cal 6s — 116%
L Ang R 5s.ll8%H9 S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lO3% — (1909) 113% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 115 —
Do gtd 58.104 — S P of C 6s
L A & P 6s. — — (1905)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 58.103 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C Os. — 129 (1906) .,..109% —
Do lem 58.120 122 (1912) ....120% —
N R of C 6s.U2% — S P of C 1st
Do 5b 121% — - c gntd 5s.. — —
N Pac C 5s.llO% — Do stmpd.,109% —
N C R. 6s. .112 ¦ 113 SP BrCal 68.140 141'
N S R R 5s. 100% — S V Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Gaa 6s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn 6S..125 — Do 4s 3dm.l01 102 <
Do 1st c5s.H3% — Stkn G&E 6slO2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 75%jPort Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.... 59 — ISpring Val.. 88% 89
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co.*.. 48 50
Eqt G L C. 3 3% Sac E G&R. 39 42%
Mutual ..... 4 5 SFG&E...44 44%
O G L & H. — 63 S F G L Co. 5% 5^
Pac G Imp. .38 39% Ptkn G&E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — .
... .- BANKS.
Am B & T..110 112% First Natlonl — — \
Anglo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A....16S%170
Bank ol Cal.433 — . Mer Ex (llq) 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.122% — Is F Natlonl.140 . — i
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
-Stocks and bonds continued dull. There was
some selling of Spring Valley Water at $88@
88 75. Otherwise there was nothing new.
Bonds ex-coupon yesterday were the Los An
geles Paclflc Railroad Company, 5s, 1928, semi
annual, amounting to $25,000.
Stocks ex-divldend yesterday were the Giant
Consolidated Powder — Regular monthly, 50c per
share, reduced from 75c, amounting to $10,000.
California Wine Association — Regular month
ly, COc per share, amounting to $20,023 20.
The Port Co.sta Water Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per share on the
leth. ;
The folowing quotations for United Railroads
of San Francisco were received yesterday from
New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.: Com
mon stock, $23 87% @24 25; preferred, $63 87^
{(,¦64 25; bonds, $91@91 50; subscriptions, $102 75
@103. . •' ' - . " •- • ¦• ¦¦¦ . •
The Ontario Silver Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 30 cents per share,
payable, June 20.
STOCK MARKET.
HAVRE— Sailed May 28— Fr bark Emma
Laurens, for San Francisco. •
AUCKLAND — Arrived June 10 — Stmr . Ven
tura.'hence May 22, via Honolulu. . . .
Ready, to sail May 10 — Ship -Henry Failing,
for San Francisco. ¦ . - '
PANAMA — Sailed June 10 — Br shin Are
quipa, lor San Francisco.
FIUME— Sailed March 5 — Nor bark Matau
ia, ior San -Francisco.-, / ..,_.., ..: — , ..i..
BEACHY HEAD— Passed June 8— Fr bark
Genevieve Mollnos, from London, for San Fran
cisco; Br Ehiy Fails of Halladale, from
Shields, for San Francisco; Br bark .SolVay,
from Antwerp, for Oregon. . - \
DUNGENESS — Passed June 9 — Fr bark Mac-
Mahon, from Antwerp, for San Diego.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 9— Stmr Meteor, for
Port Townsend. ¦ ..
ANTWERP— Sailed June 7— Br shin Dun
britton, for Port Lcs Angeles.
SHIELDS — Sailed June 8 — Ger ship Hen
rietta, for San Francisco.
ZANZIBAR— Rea«y to sail May 20— Nor ship
Atlantic, for Puget Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 9— Br Btmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 7 — Ger ship
Emllie. from Oregon.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 8 — Br bark Iver
na, from Tacoma; Ger ship Susanna, from Ore-
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed June- 10— Schr
Robert R Hind, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 10 — Stmr Mesa
ba, from London ; stmr Southwark, from Ant
werp; stmr Bremen, from Bremen and South
ampton.
'Sailed June 10— Stmr Georsrtc, for Liverpool;
stmr Moltke, for Hamburg, via Plymouth ard
Cherbourg; stmr Prlnzessin Victoria Luise, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Lombardia, for Naples and Genoa.
BREMEN — Arrived June 10 — Stmr Kronnrlnz
Wilhelm, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. 1. . . . .
GIBRALTAR — Arrived ' June 10 — Stmr Ho
henzollern, from New Ydrk, for Naples and
Genoa. • , .
BOULOGNE — Arrived June 10 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
LIZARD — Passed June \10 — Stair St Paul,
from New York, for Southampton.
. ANTWERP — Arrived ' June 10 — Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia. _ - «
¦ ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 10 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, via Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Receipts of Produce.
i -- .: FOR- TUESDAY. JUNE 10.
Flour, ar sks... 14,790:Straw, tons .... 5
Wheat,' ctls .... 55,435!Hay. tons ...„ 268
Barley, ctls ....' 4,985 Leather, rolls.... 70
Corn, ctls ..:.. 010 Hides, 50 672
CornMeal(East) 610 Pelts, bdls . . . . 223
Oats, ctls '. 225 Lime, bbls .... | 455
Potatoes, sks .. 1,230 Tallow, ctls..... C02
Onions, ska .... 450 Quicksilver, flsk 33
Bran, sks ...... 2,?S0 Wine, sals ..... 61.750
Middlings, sks. \. 865 Sugar, ctla .... 2,580
Wool, bales ... 75
OREGON. '
Flour, qr' sk» ... 7UG
Flour, qr ska . . .
SAILORS CRITICIZE COMMISSAR!.
If you do, buy your chips of us. We
have a complete stock of chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers and a
large variety of tally cards/ Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market St. *
Do You Play PokerP
Continued From Page Eight.
$18 50©19 60, according to quantity; Granu
lated, $2t5 25@27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50@46 50 per flask for
local use and $42 50@45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Suzar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4 50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4!35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, /4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4,25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half -barrels, 4. 75c;. boxes, 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Retail prices < are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $18@19 50; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood, $17@20; Lath, 4 feet, $3 90@
4; Pickets, $19; Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and
$175 for No. 2; Shakes, $13 for split and $14'
for sawn; Rustic. ?25@31. y
SAVINGS BANKS. '
German ...1000 — Sav & Loan. ¦ — - 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390 '*
Mutual Sav.. SO S5 , Union Trst.lS30 —
S F Sav U..525 — i
• i . STREET RAILUOADS. ,
California. ..170 — I Market ..... 99%101
Geary — . _ | p re sldio .... 33 ; - .— - -'" '
. POWDER. . -iV'
Giant .. 69% TOJi/Vlgorit ..... 3& 3%
SUGAR.
Hana <. 3% 4% Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian . . — 35 Makawell ... 23 25%
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 23% 24%
Hutchlnson . 12% 12 Vj Paauhau ... 12 —
"MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158 160 v Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100 100% Par Paint... 26 /— ¦;¦
Oceanic S Co 25 — v
' ' ¦ Morning Session.
Boardi—
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 25
20 Spring Valley Water ~8S 00
75 Spring Valley Water, s 10........ 88 25
4C0 Spring Valley Water, s 10....... 88 00
10 Spring Valley Water 88 12&
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 119 Off
$2000 N P C R R 5s 110 50
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
10 Oceanic S S Co 25 00
25 Spring Valley Water ;...... 88 75
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s .112 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. '%
Morning Session.
Board — t V:-y
100 Four : 53
50 Kern 4 75
1500 Lion .:.... 06
1500 Petroleum Center .....'.. 03 '
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Aztec '. 1 00#
50 Monarch of Arizona 17
• 300 Occidental of W Va, b 10 17
1000 Petroleum Center 02
100 Sovereign ,. 28
500 Sterling. ; 1 B2 ii
100 Sterling, b 90... J 60
MINING STOCKS. ¦ .
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher .. 15, 100 Overman .... 28
100 Caledonia .... 85- 600 Potoel 31
10O Mexican 48 • 400 Sierra Nevada 15
100 Ophlr 1 20l
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch'. 13 400 Overman '.... 29
100 Caledonia .... 85 200 Overman .... 30
. 500 Chollar 12 700 Potosi ....... 28
200 Con Cal & V.I 30 800 Potosi 27
1000 Justice 02 100 Potosi, b 90.. 27
500 Mexican 45 100 Silver Hill.... 48
300 Ophir 1 20 300 Yellow Jacket. 20
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: . . _ . ..
Mornlns Session.
200 Belcher 15 200 Overman .... 30
200 Best & Belch. 13 200 Potosi ....... 31
300 Chollar 14 200 Potosi 28
500 Crown Point.. 00 300 Sierra Nevada 16
100 Hale & Nor.. 27 200 Silver Hill... 47
200 Justice 03 800 Utah 01
100 Mexican 48 200 Yellow Jacket 20
100 Ophir 1 20 400 Yellow Jacket 19
Afternoon Session. :'*;¦ ;
200 Alpha Con ... 02 400 Mexican .....44
200 Belcner 15 100 Mexican 45
100 Best & Belch. 12 100 Ophlr ... ....1 15
100 Best & Belch. 13 200 Overman .... 30
500 Chollar 12 200 Potosi .. . 27
100 C C & Va..l 32%' 200 Yellow Jacket 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 10 — i p. m.
¦ . • :* Bid/Ask. Bid. Ask.
, Alpha 02 03 Justice 02 03
Alta ... . 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher ...... 13 15 Mexican 44 45
Best & Belch. 13 14 Occidental ... 16 18
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 1 15 1 20
paledonia .... 84 86 Overman ..... 29 30
Challenge Con 12 14 Potosi 27 20
Chollar 11 12iSavage 12 14
Confidence ... 60 CO Pcorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 03 01
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 15 16
Con N Y — 02 Silver Hill... 48 49
Crown Point. 05 OG St Louis .... 06 — ]
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... — 07
• Exchequer... 01 02'Union Con ... 17 18
Gould & Cur. 07 OS Utah ....... 01 02
Bale & Nor. . 32 33 Yellow Jacket 19 20
Julia — 04 -
V. B. Dimmick,"' a switchman in the
employ of the Belt Line railroad, yester
day secured the arrest of Henry B. Stew
art, superintendent of the road, on a
charge of an assault with a deadly
weapon. ?;- : .t-'; . ~
Dimmick says he was in a grocery and
saloon on the corner of Sansome and
Greenwich streets Thursday- night when
Stewart came in and asked him to have
a drink. Dimmick refused, and Stewart,
becoming angry, struck him In the face.
Stewart then stepped back, it is alleged,
and pulled a revolver out of his hip
pocket.
Arthur Flaherty, the bartender, grabbed
hold of Stewart, with the intention of
taking the revolver away from him. Dur
ing a struggle which followed Stewart
struck Flaherty on the head with the butt
end of the weapon. Flaherty held on to
Stewart, however, and finally took the re
volver from him. ' J:. *'¦
"If It had not been," said Dimmick to
Judge Mogan, who issued the warrant,
"that the revolver was unbreached. and
the cartridges dropped on the floor while
Flaherty and Stewart were struggling I
believe Stewart would have shot me or
Flaherty." -• '-
Stewart was arrested yesterday after
noon and booked at the Harbor police
station. His bonds are $2000, or $1000 cash.
S. N. Rev. B. M. "Weeden will perform
the ceremony at St. Luke's Church. A
breakfast will follow at the Bella Vista,
where the bride has been living with her
mother, Mrs. Messersmith, for some time.
Mrs. Mace comes of one of the best
Southern families, and is a great-grand
daughter of Francis Scott Key. Lieuten
ant Palmer Is a North Carolinian and
graduate of Annapolis. He Is at present
stationed at Mare Island.
¦ • ¦ • '. • *¦¦¦;.
Miss Irene Hoppe and Frank H. Kief er
will be married this afternoon at the resi
dence of the bride's sister, Mrs. J. J.
Langa, .1218 Filbert street. The wedding
will be a very private affair, only mem
bers of the two families being present.
The bride is a daughter of A. Hoppe, and
the groom a member of the dramatic pro
fession.
Hr. and Mrs. Samuel F. Pond (nee
Ames) are In Los Angeles.
Henry B. Stewart Is Accused
of Attempting to Shoot
V. B. Dimmick.
Superintendent of Belt
Line Railroad Under
Arrest.
DRAWS REVOLVER
ON A SWITCHMAN
MISS GERALDINE BOHEN
WEDS WEALTHY EASTERNER
Young Woman of San Francisco
Becomes Bride of Case.' Edwards, a
Leading Business Man of New, York City
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, eTTJNE 11, 1902.
11
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
e Time ¦ Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. • Ft Ft.
• • H W ¦ L V? H W L w
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:44 5.6 10^37 ~2~6
12 4«0 4.3 10:30 0.9 C:32 .6.611:50 22
13 5:38 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:22 5.6 .
L W > H W L W H W
14 O:M 1.8 8:55 3.9 12:22 1.8 7:10 KT
15 1:47 1.3 8:10 S.9 1:10 2.2 7:64 66
16 2:83 O.S 9:14 4.0 1:55 2.6| 8:34 fi«
17 3:20 0.3|10:10 „ 4.1| 2:30 2.8| 9:13 60
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Titan la. Nanaimo ¦
Iaqua. .... .".". Humboldt V.
Phoenix. . i, • • Mendocino
Argo ?:.. Bel River --|
Arctic Humboldt .¦ I
Queen.......' Puget Sound Ports .. ...
Eureka...... Humboldt
Lakme Portland & Astoria .....
Point Arena.. Point Arena . . . ; ;. , ,;. .
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Ciescent City Crescent City |
Pentaur. . . . . . Hamburg & West Coast
Edith. ....... Seattle ........:...;... ;
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ..¦...'
Hathor . . • Seattle . .'. . . ... .....
Arcata .1 Coos Bay & Port Orford
Eureka. . . V. . Seattle ;.:".. .'. . . . . . . ... . .
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor .........;
Gaelic. . . . .'. . China & Japan . . ......
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 18
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
! Pier.
i " .
Pomona. ...
Pleiades....
Santa Cruz.
Mandalay. .
North Fork
Phoenix;...
Argo. . . . ...
State Cal...
Sierra
Columbia..
S. Monica.'.
Eureka. ...
Arctic.
Peking.;...'
I aqua.. ....
Coronado. .
C. Nelson..
Pt. Arena..
Arcata. ....
June 11. |
Humboldt ! .....
N. Y. via Panama. .
Newport & Way Pts
Coqujlle River ....
Humboldt .........
June 12.
Mendodno City ....
Eel River Ports. .
San Diego & Way.
Sydney & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland
June 13.
Humboldt .........
Humboldt ....:....
Humboldt .
June 14. ¦¦
China & Japan . . .
'Humboldt
Grays Harbor '
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
j Jane 15.
San Pedro & Way. .
Puget Sound PortB.
Seattle & Whatcom.
San Diego & Way. .
Jane 10.
Astoria & Portland.
Portland & Way . . .
- ¦ June IT.
Grays ¦ Harbor
Grays Harbor .....
Astoria & Portland.
Wlllapa Harbor ...
June 18.
Seattle & Tacoma.. I
Panama & Way. . .
' .. June 2O.
Hamburg & Way. . .
Puget Sound Ports.
. June 21.
China & Japan ....
Honolulu ..
1:30 pi
2 pm
9 am
10 am
1 pm
- ¦
! 3 .pm
4 pm
9 am
7.pm|
11 am
10 am
9 am
10 am'
¦¦ - ¦ i
1 pm
1 pm
5 pm
10 am!
2 pm
12 m 1
Pier 11-
I Pier 10
IPier 11
iPier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 28
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Coos Bay.
Queen ......
Rainier. . . .
Santa Rosa
9 am
11 am
5 pm 1
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 19
Pier 2
Pier 11
Lakme .....
Alliance....
6 pm
Pier 2
Pier 16
G. Dollar. . .
Newburg. ..
G. Klder. . .
Rival. .....
4 pm
4 pm
11 am 1
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 21
Pier 2
Eureka....
ACapulco...
12 "nil
PMSS"
Hathor
Umatllla...
11 am
Pier —
Pier 19
Gaelic... .
Alameda...
1 pm
2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
Steamer.
For.
Sal
:s.
foirigo Skagway & Wny Ports. Juna 11
Santa Ana- . . Skagway & Valdez ...... June 12
Nome City... Nome & Golofnin Bay. June 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokajie..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage Ctty. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Fa-allon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way.Pts. June 25
G. TV. Elder..)
Newburg.
G. Dollar. ...
Alliance. ....
Pomona
Coronador.. .
Rival........
Mackinaw...
Sequoia. .....
Umatilla.. ...
Santa Cruz: .
State of Cal..
North Fork..
Alameda
San Juan
Leelanaw. . . .
Columbia
Hongkong Ma
Hyades. . ....
Tampico. . . .'.
City Puebla. .
Portland ¦ & Astoria .... |June 14
Grays Harbor ". June 14
Grays Harbor June 14
Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Humboldt June 14
San Pedro ...........:. June 14
Willapa Harbor ........ June 15
Tacoma June lfi
Redondo :............... June 10
; Puget Sound . Ports .". . .'. June 1G
Newport & Way Ports. June 16
San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Humboldt .... June 17
Honolulu %......... June 17
Panama & Way Ports.. June 18,
New York via' Panama'. June 18
Portland & Astoria June' 19
China & Japan ......... June 20
Honolulu June 20
Kahulul ......... . ... June 20
Puget Sound Ports...... June 21
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
! Pier.
i " .
Pomona. ...
Pleiades....
Santa Cruz.
Mandalay. .
North Fork
Phoenix;...
Argo. . . . ...
State Cal...
Sierra
Columbia..
S. Monica.'.
Eureka. ...
Arctic.
Peking.;...'
I aqua.. ....
Coronado. .
C. Nelson..
Pt. Arena..
Arcata. ....
June 11. |
Humboldt ! .....
N. Y. via Panama. .
Newport & Way Pts
Coqujlle River ....
Humboldt .........
June 12.
Mendodno City ....
Eel River Ports. .
San Diego & Way.
Sydney & Way Pts.
Astoria & Portland
June 13.
Humboldt .........
Humboldt ....:....
Humboldt .
June 14. ¦¦
China & Japan . . .
'Humboldt
Grays Harbor '
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Point Arena
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
j Jane 15.
San Pedro & Way. .
Puget Sound PortB.
Seattle & Whatcom.
San Diego & Way. .
Jane 10.
Astoria & Portland.
Portland & Way . . .
- ¦ June IT.
Grays ¦ Harbor
Grays Harbor .....
Astoria & Portland.
Wlllapa Harbor ...
June 18.
Seattle & Tacoma.. I
Panama & Way. . .
' .. June 2O.
Hamburg & Way. . .
Puget Sound Ports.
. June 21.
China & Japan ....
Honolulu ..
1:30 pi
2 pm
9 am
10 am
1 pm
- ¦
! 3 .pm
4 pm
9 am
7.pm|
11 am
10 am
9 am
10 am'
¦¦ - ¦ i
1 pm
1 pm
5 pm
10 am!
2 pm
12 m 1
Pier 11-
I Pier 10
IPier 11
iPier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 28
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Coos Bay.
Queen ......
Rainier. . . .
Santa Rosa
9 am
11 am
5 pm 1
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 19
Pier 2
Pier 11
Lakme .....
Alliance....
6 pm
Pier 2
Pier 16
G. Dollar. . .
Newburg. ..
G. Klder. . .
Rival. .....
4 pm
4 pm
11 am 1
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 21
Pier 2
Eureka....
ACapulco...
12 "nil
PMSS"
Hathor
Umatllla...
11 am
Pier —
Pier 19
Gaelic... .
Alameda...
1 pm
2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
Steamer.
For.
Sal
:s.
foirigo Skagway & Wny Ports. Juna 11
Santa Ana- . . Skagway & Valdez ...... June 12
Nome City... Nome & Golofnin Bay. June 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 13
Spokajie..... Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage Ctty. Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Fa-allon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way.Pts. June 25
e Time ¦ Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. • Ft Ft.
• • H W ¦ L V? H W L w
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:44 5.6 10^37 ~2~6
12 4«0 4.3 10:30 0.9 C:32 .6.611:50 22
13 5:38 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:22 5.6 .
L W > H W L W H W
14 O:M 1.8 8:55 3.9 12:22 1.8 7:10 KT
15 1:47 1.3 8:10 S.9 1:10 2.2 7:64 66
16 2:83 O.S 9:14 4.0 1:55 2.6| 8:34 fi«
17 3:20 0.3|10:10 „ 4.1| 2:30 2.8| 9:13 60
G. TV. Elder..)
Newburg.
G. Dollar. ...
Alliance. ....
Pomona
Coronador.. .
Rival........
Mackinaw...
Sequoia. .....
Umatilla.. ...
Santa Cruz: .
State of Cal..
North Fork..
Alameda
San Juan
Leelanaw. . . .
Columbia
Hongkong Ma
Hyades. . ....
Tampico. . . .'.
City Puebla. .
Portland ¦ & Astoria .... |June 14
Grays Harbor ". June 14
Grays Harbor June 14
Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Humboldt June 14
San Pedro ...........:. June 14
Willapa Harbor ........ June 15
Tacoma June lfi
Redondo :............... June 10
; Puget Sound . Ports .". . .'. June 1G
Newport & Way Ports. June 16
San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Humboldt .... June 17
Honolulu %......... June 17
Panama & Way Ports.. June 18,
New York via' Panama'. June 18
Portland & Astoria June' 19
China & Japan ......... June 20
Honolulu June 20
Kahulul ......... . ... June 20
Puget Sound Ports...... June 21
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Titan la. Nanaimo ¦
Iaqua. .... .".". Humboldt V.
Phoenix. . i, • • Mendocino
Argo ?:.. Bel River --|
Arctic Humboldt .¦ I
Queen.......' Puget Sound Ports .. ...
Eureka...... Humboldt
Lakme Portland & Astoria .....
Point Arena.. Point Arena . . . ; ;. , ,;. .
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports
Ciescent City Crescent City |
Pentaur. . . . . . Hamburg & West Coast
Edith. ....... Seattle ........:...;... ;
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ..¦...'
Hathor . . • Seattle . .'. . . ... .....
Arcata .1 Coos Bay & Port Orford
Eureka. . . V. . Seattle ;.:".. .'. . . . . . . ... . .
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor .........;
Gaelic. . . . .'. . China & Japan . . ......
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 18
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Restores Lost Vigor \
to Men. -¦¦'•¦'
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to 'All "Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
•will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who. had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write, it !„£
home treatment and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premat ure
loss of strength and memory, weak tack
varicocele or emaciation of parts caS
now cure themselves at home. ¦ *""*
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act dt
rect to th# desired location, gU^
Btrength and development just where *
fs needed. It cures all the ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
"he natural functions and has been an I
absolute success in all cases, a request I
to the State Medical Institute, 328 g le j£ j
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind., eia t.
ing that you desire one of their free trial i
packages, will be complied with proaipt-
Iy. The institute is desirous of reaching !
that great class of men who are un- '¦
able to leave home to be treated, and !
the free . samples will enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have '<
no fear of embarrassment or publicity. :
Readers are requested to write without
delay. ' \
hjp 'FAVORITE.-' .
M FOR WEAK WO1MEM.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
XJ. S. Wl/\IJU ROUTE.
PWR-SAILINCS.
§H NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its flrst-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for
NOME and ST.- MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows :
From San Francisco
S S. PORTLAND ..............About June 20
S. S. ST. PAUL. ............About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO. ..I.......... July 8
S. S. INDIANA ...'....; ..July 26
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saidie,
carrying United States mall, for* Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Blun* City,
Golovln and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO.,
<H5 Market St., San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle," "Wash.-
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION:, CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA .....June 10 1 TUCAPEL. July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27 1 GUATEMALA. .Aug. 6
. These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and-. South American passenger service.
(No chance at Acaoulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasrenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
AMERICAS LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. June 25, 10 amiPhila.... ..July 0, 10 am
St. Louis. July 2, 10 am!St. Paul. July 10, 10 am
R£t STAR 1AS&.
, NEW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Vaderland June 21,noui IZeeland. . .July 5, noon
Kroonlnd. June 28, noonlBYlesland-July 12, noon
- INTERNATIONAL I NAVIGATION CO.,
CH.AS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montsrom'y «t..
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVEBTISSMENTS.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil urn tiue to arrive at
SAN Jb'ltANClsCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
LSATg — ,¦ FKOM J UN B 1. 1002. — ABBlVj*
7-COa Benicla, Sui >un, Klmlru and Sacra-
ment:) B-55p
7.00a Vacaville, V. r tntera. Bumscy 7.55p
7.30a Martiaez. San Uamon, Vallejo,
\u[>m. CaMstosa. Snota Rosa 6-25?
8.00a Davis. Woodland. Kntxhts Landing,
Marysville, Ororilltj 7-55p
8.00a Atlantic Express— C:i4cn and Eaat. 8.25a
8.00a Nfle3, Lathrop, Stockton 7-25?
8.00a Niles. Mcnduta, llanford, Visslla,
Portervlilo 4-55*
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55*
8.30a San Jose, Llvcnnorc, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrille,
Marysville, CMcp. Reti Bluff 4.25r
8.30a Oakilalc.Chineso.SiJnora.Tuuiuuine 4.25P
9.00a Vallejo 12.25?
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
Raymond.FresnoandLosAnseles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and W*y Stations 7.ESr
10.00a Hayward. Kiles and Way Stations. t12-55r
10.00a The Overland LUnited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 5.2Sr
ti-OOP Sacramento River Steamers tii.OQr
S^Op Benlcia. Winters, Sacramento,
• Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knisht3 Landing. Marysvllle,
. Oroville 10.55a
3.30? Haywaru, Xiles and Way Stations.. 755?
4.00P Martlnez.San lian.on. Vallcjo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Row 9. 25a
4.00p Nlles, Livermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 12.25r
4-30p Haywara,Jflles,SanJo»e,Ltvermore 13.55*
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saagus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8 55a
B.OOp PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
5.00p Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t5-3u> Kiles Local 7.25a
B.OOp Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.65a
t6.00? Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omahs, St. Louis, Chicago 425?
7.00? San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11-25*
t7.00? Vallejo 7-55?
8-05? Oregon to California Express— Sac-
ramento, MaryavtUo, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-53a
t9.10? HaywaM andNllea $1 1.68a
COAST LINE (narrow ««§•).
(Foot of Marlcet Street.)
(7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion t8.0&>
8.15a Newark, Centerville. Baa Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Saata
Cruz andWuyStatlons 6 • 5 Or
T2-15? Kewark, Centerville, .San Jose.
-Hew Alinadcn, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Saata Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15? Newark, Saa Jose, Los Gatos t850A
*4-15? San Jose. Los Gatos. Santa Cruz c850a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— 17:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 3-00 5.15r.a.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 $3:01 •
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 ?¦*.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third and I'uwnsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8-38A
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations +8. 00a
/7.10a 5ev Almailcn /4.10»
t7.15*. Monterey Excursion ;a.30»
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-43*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Ptnos, Santa Cruz,
Paciflc Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-18*
10.30*. San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a SanJoge,LosGatos:indWaySUtlons +9. 00 a
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a70ttr
2.30? San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Piaos, Santa Crnz, Salinas, Del
Monte. Monterey and Paclflc
Grove 1043*
t3.30? San Jose and Way Stations . 7-30?
T4.00? I>1 Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose +12-01*
4.30? San Jose and PrlnclpalWayStatlons 1.30P
t5.00P San Jose. Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stations 530?
5.30? San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6-30?
tfi.15? San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto +6. 48a
6-30? San J ose and Way S tut Ions 7.30?
7.00? Xew Orleans Express — San Luis
Obispo, Santa Bnrhan*. Los An-
geles, Deajinjr, El Paso, Xew
Orleans and East 10.13a
•11.45? San Jose and Way Stations r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
b Saturday and f Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
T; [ Llm'd f
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Daily Thurs Dally Daily
L.v a&n Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:0O p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:13 p 11:15 p
' •* Merced .. 2:35 p 1:17 p. ...... l:3Oa
" Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:13 %
•' Hanford . 6:5Sp 3:2Tp 8:06*
"Vlsalia .. 5:33p 8:00a
" B'kersf'd 8:10p 5:20 p 7:3*»
V Kan City 2:31a 8:02a
** Chicago 2:15 p| ,| 8:47 p
a lor morning, p lor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally Is BakersSeld Local,
stopping: at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m,
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays I* tha
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dinlns Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld tor
accommodation of local flrst-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday, f,
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers) anu
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
daily. ~-'.v •¦¦'
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. »'
UUfORMA NORTHWESTERN H. C9
LESSEES
SAN fRANCiSCd ANi) Wit PAClFli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry> Foot •< Market SC«
SAN FRANCISCO TO »AJ» BAVaEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:UU. ll:0O a. nu; U:3X
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 a m. Saturday*— fiitra trips a*
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:3«, S:S«,
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SA.V UAFAKL TO SAM FR.AJV CISCO".
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:30. 7:80. a:2O, U:W
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 8:20 p.m. Batar-
daye — Extra trips at 2:05 and «:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 0:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, »:«,
4:&5. 5:05, 6:23 p. m. '¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Franclacol May 4. 1802. I Saa Frandsw
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- ) Sun- I Weeic
Days. I day. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ixnaclo 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30a and ' 10:40a 8:40a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 9
( 7:35 p .
7:30 a 8:0Oa Petalam* 10:4O al 8:40a
3:30 p 0:30 a and ¦ 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p . Santa Roaa T:35p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a 'Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsbur* 16:4* a
Lytton
G«yservUl«
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdato T:38 p 6:909
7:30 a! 8:00 al • Hopland 110:40 all0:30 a
8:30p|5:00p{ Uklah ( 7:33 p( 6:30 p
7:30 a| 8:2># Wllllts | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a^ GuersevlU* I 7 :35 pIlO :20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma- I 9:10 at 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Bllen | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
7 :30 a I 8 : CO al Sebastopol 110 U0 al 10 :20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and BooneviUe; at Hopland far
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyviJla,
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle. Orr'j
Ht't Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins.- Mendodno City, Fort Brags.
West port , Usal ; at Wllllts for Sherwood. Cahto.
Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Spring*,
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia aoJ
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*»
dUced rates.
On Sundays — Tlour.d-tr'p tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle build-
lD H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAW.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"] Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Snn- S«m- Week
Pays- *»., th. -r. m ,f t«»w da y 3 '. P5Xi
9:30a. 8:00 a. p^» muotUj l»«. a t«) 12:15 p. 9.15a.
•• jlgo p! "T*rJl OF THiLPIJJ- 5:50 v. ... JZ
'".'"".'. 2:30 P. Of«i'tt»7«i«»i. j 8:13 >
JiTUHOliS ULT— Lnn Tmra *-.3> r. •rri.. Su rravrtaeo 11* t.
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
All. v
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc.. and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Blmply send your name ; and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building, Detroit
Mich.; and they. will gladly send the frei re-
ceipt ' with full directions so any . man may
easily cure himself at home. This is certainly
a most; generous --offer, .and the following ex-
tracts taken from their dally mall show what
men think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs: . Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of date. % I have ¦ given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a bo»
and you cannot realize how happy I am"
"Dear Sirs: .Your method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what L needed
-8trength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
••Dear Sirs: Tours was received ' and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and. can truthfully say it Is a boon to
weak men. ¦'• I am greatly Improved in size,
strength and "vigor." ; .
All correspondence is • strictly .confidential
mailed In plain, 1 sealed envelope. ¦ The receipt
In free -for the asking and they want ever*
man to have U. . *..
s^S^PE^****^ Hard to struggle on with
_p1r ~f*<^l&*dbM e never ~ceasing backache.
J^XfimL M^T^ When the Kidneys go wrong
a °d all the pains and aches of
lAli^g V t^ le baclc make !^ e miserable,
%k.Hl? wW i *^y S enou &h discourage any
JiMF/m x** f^^V man " e tortures °f a bad
T^^^f \ J * \ back, the annoyance, the dan-
W W Cr °^ u " nar y disorders take
WMk VI e ner ve out .of one about as
\tfj» * '" jl?\ Q^Wy as anything on earth.
cure every Kidney ill, reach
, , th^ cause of all the aches and
/' S W^^^M\ pain5 ° a ' correct a11
C'-^^^^fil Urinar>f troubIes -- Plenty of
II^ J proof that this is so * Here ' s
Sao f:r2flcisco Pr00 ''
fe'Sl /fSMl Wm - Bkckwell of 14 Jackson
mfwi strect £ays: If a11 doubled with
W&%ttk '^^S^^af pain !n their back an . d ann °yed from
t£&Z-#& K**^ii$ir the act ' on oi the kidney secretions
&-&?>:iv§ could have these ended as quickly as
U ' : i0f tf$®M th - e USC of Doan ' s Kidne y PiHs ended -
lf ;:^itt Wv£0a mine, backache and its accompany-
V^-^ R^'^P ms ' ! ' s nec<^ ave no terrors for suf-
Cj2>^ W$M$i ferers from kidney complaint. I had
* w^£l considerable annoyance from pain in
W'^\ p^$| m - v l3ack - and J knew from the con-
WtZ^A. wilnGjk. dition of the kidney secretions that
K^a g^-^^Bfc^ tlie Sidneys were at fault. . Doan's
\j*ft&| «^| !^<lj^22l kidney pills, procured at the Owl
¦^ ~ - Ill^fa " Drug Co., 1128 Market street,
"For'sale at &!I Druggists'.
¦Pricc*5Oi cents. Fostcr-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.
NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL WATEK. |
GRIPES
Is the BEST LAXATIVE
known to the medical pro-
fession, and is --^ %
A POSITIVE CURE
FOR
ASK FOR I
I (FULL NAME)
j And see that you GET it.
Substitutes are ' WORTHLESS
and often HARMFUL
Cabcl fs Slue with Red Center.
,| . .¦..I,,.,,.,,., f-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(L^ Steamers leave San Fraa-
E6^~ Cisco as follows:
WSSJfei. For Ketchikan, Juneau,
rS?r«i^V«_ Skaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
llrfc5z!£^ nZ7 June B, 10. 15. 20. 25. 30.
iiySfcii HM July 5 - chan a se «°. c° m P an y *
K^^^^>5ai eteamera at Seattle.
, ImgH For Victoria. Va^cou^r
Of- Port Townsend. Seattle, la*
"^^a coma. Everett. -Whatcom--
U a. m., Junl 5. 1ft^5.
C0^r tO E uVe k P a«n^ n f g^~ -. -
a. m.. Jane 7, 15. ft,** *
Far further information obtain folder.
Right- is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lD TIC"K'ET OFFICE- * New Montgomery
street (Pala^Hotel). Gen .^
GOODALL. PEKK^ CO.. gg-^gg^
O. ¦#?'• a N- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through " Tickets to AH
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
H,O-V«7"^iSS»'^* HAT Vif^,
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22 July 2 12
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17. 27. July .
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong y. 3.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS.- HONGKONG MARU. • _
... .• Saturday, June 28, 1902
SS NIPPON MARU Thursday, July 24. 1002
ss: ™** l . CA .. %*SSS&f££z lik '1902
• Rounds-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
IS* OSS!!* di 2ft.L0r. ZEALAND «»0 SYONEY
" 3,Z „„^ DIRECT LINE TO TAHITI
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, June 12, 7 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
".Saturday, June 21, 2 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
I. p. SPEECKELS & BEOS. CO. , GensraiAstfs.. 329 Mark:
Gen'l Pass. Office, 643 mrtet SL. Pig Im 7. Paciflc 3D
— ; c — :
COHFAGNIE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUS.
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
t-ailins every Thursday. Instead ofj^vtVJni
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, «wKH5&»
North River, foot of Morton street.
¦ First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), j New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.; Pacific Coast
Agents 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Raiload Ticket Agents.
EAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICSLLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 30
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CHICAGO
'"LESS THAI*
3 DA YS
From
San Francisco at lOa. m.
~ • ' ' ¦ ¦
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-section Drawing-Room
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Elc-ctrlc-
reading Lamps In every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout. >
Dally Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions tvery
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coas
Palace Hotel - San Francisco.
" NORTH SHORE RAILROAD,
Via SauxalUo Ferry,
Commencing April 27, lmci.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBx
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— B:45, '7:45, 8:45, 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. *lAi, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •»:!»;
ti:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:13 a. to. doea not
jun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:0O. 8:00, •9:00, ' *10:00, U:00t
11:30 a. m., 12:30, *l:30, 2:30, »3:45. 5:00, tt:w?
7:80, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM- SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •e-.SO. 7:40, 8:15.
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. »3:30, 4:40, 5:SO, S:4X
10:15 r. m. -
SUNDAYS— 6:00, *8:00. 0:30. »ll:0O a. m.
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15, »3:30. 4:15. •3:13, O:^"
«:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5 :40. 6 :40. 7 :45, 8 :25, 9--uL
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 6:20. 7slu
10:15 u. 'm. *
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:05. 11:10 a. m.
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 8:45. 5:00, 0:05. V:15. loiio
P ' ™* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and war
stations.
3:15 o. m. Saturdays — Cazadero -_ and way
stations. < .
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted}—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. '. . - ' ,
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and waj
stations.
-Legal Holiday boats and trains will, run oa
CnnHov tlma. . /
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 11, 1902
12
HELP WASTED— MALE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
...Between Kearny and Grant samob
....Between Kearny st. and Grant ave
V Opposite California' Hotel
For Nevada For Nevada. .:.. For Nevada
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
.........NEW RAILROAD WORK
/ We Ship To-day
To All Points In State of Nevada......
.......OnS. P. Reconstruction Work
500 teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
500 rockmen $2 25 a day
500 laborers $2 a day
500 concrete men. . $2 25 and $2 50 a day
200 scraper holders and loaders.. $2 25 a day
Ship To-day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
600 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and out-
side laborera.. ?2 to $3 a day
Ship To-day
Free Fare. Free Fare
Machinst for a railroad camp, $3 50 a day,
free fare; 3 bridge carpenters, railroad work,
?3 a day, free fare; 6 galvanized iron work ;
ers, country; 20 sawmill laborers. $2 to $2 7o
,a day; 50 farmers for haying and orchard
work. $1 25 and $1 50 a day, $25 and $30 and
found; 10 blacksmiths, country, $3 and $2 50
a day; 6 buggy washers and stablemen, coun-
try, $30 and $35; 10 milkers. $30 and $35
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 cooks, country, $40, $50 and $60; day cook,
$50; night cook, $35, for railroad camp, free
fare; 20 dishwashers, potwashers and kitchen
hands, for hotels and restaurants, resorts and
{ springs, $30 and $25; head waiter and stew-
yard for cafe, country, $100; steward, country
-* hotel, $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED — Iron molders. Apply Vulcan Iron
Works, Francisco and Kearny gts.
WANTED — 6 good trunkmakers. Address box
343, Call office. .
WANTED — A flrst-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason st. ; wages $4 a week. — "•¦¦ " ¦,
CAN washer wanted. Apply at Plant Farm
Dairy. 574 Octavia st .
WANTED — Good all around carriage painter.
Apply 1251 Webster st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 8 Hayes st.
WANTED— Day cashier and first-class waiter
at once. 20 Stockton st.
BARBER shop. 2 .chairs, new furniture,' in
Western Addition; bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS.'. 106 Ellis st.
BARBER shop, cigar stand and small sta-
tionery store combined for sale at 394 Fourth.
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will be
received for positions as special .detectives
and watchmen for Chinatown: monthly sal-
ary $80; must be experienced' and capable;
good references and bond required; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul General.
• San Francisco. •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corpa, U.
S navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. "40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
SALESMAN and stock clerk for . hotel and
bakery, tinware - and household goods in a
large city store; state experience and wages
expected. Box 364, Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay' st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Rfeno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Honest youns man with $75 to
take cash and assist in restaurant: no ex-
perience required. BROWN,. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Young man who is a flrst-class
floor walker: state age, experience and salary
expected. Address box 374, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT waiters and bus boys as ex-
tras for Shriners' convention; no fee. 526
Montgomery st.
WANTED — Reliable man In wine house tending
bar and selling indoors; German-speaking
preferred. 15 City Hall square, near Market.
STEADY Job for flrst-class wagon blacksmith;
none other need apply. Call from 7 to 9 p.
m.. 345 Jersey st. *
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location: j
paities going in wholesale business; $150.
Box 41)8^ San Jose, Cal.
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Co., 70S McAllister; phone Kate 26.
COATMAKER wanted at GREENBERG..&
CO.'S. Flood building. -
COAT PRESSER at S. N. WOOD'S Factory,'
27 Geary et.
BOY in tinshoD to learn trade; age 16 years:
apply 7 to 9. 533 Mission st.. S. F.
WANTED — 2 good tinners and 2 boys to- learn
tinners' trade. 22 Second st.
LUNCH waiter wanted, 50c. 1224 Point Lobos
avenue.
WANTED — 4 colored men to sing In quartet;
must be Christians. Apply box 330, Call.
EXPERIENCED Dresser: steady position to
good workman. The Hub, 132 Kearny st.'
GOOD young man on floor for carriage and
wagon blacksmithlng. S2S Harrison st.
WANTED — Good bushelman; steady place and
good wages. 30S Bush st.
BARBER wanted — Evenings, Sat. and Sun.:
steady; union wages. 30S3 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG man as salesman in gents' furnishing
goods. 035 Valencia st.
MAN to help in kitchen; moderate wages. 275£>
Mission st.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st. i-
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY, 241 id.
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co. v
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2*! Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st3.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses, including four well-matched teams;
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 246 Third st. . .
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
TOU can find what you want In the horse line
at STEAVARTS Horse Market. 721 Howard
st.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR Eale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses, new
bcgpies and harness. 1409 Market, cor. 11th.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st.
WANTED — Surrey in good order; upholstered
In leather preferred. Box 42S8, Call offlce,
Oakland. ..>;"-. ; • -
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons*, buckboard. snr-
rey.harness, work, driving horses. 15lh& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
- In? wasrnn for sale cheap. 532 Mission tt.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURN. or unfurn., not less than 1 year; or will
sell at sacrifice; elegant home, 12 sunny rms.,
bath, two kitchens, adapted for two families-
lot 80x114 r garden: fine view: reasonable-
Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 20th.
FURNISHED HOUSES-COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable: at San Ansel mo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie. D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery St.. or
ALEX. BOUICK, San Anselmo.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A black belt with silver buckle. Re-
turn to Cloak Department D. SAMUELS'
Lace House; reward.
LOST — June 10, in ladles' room of . Good Fel"
lows' Grotto, 2 ruby, diamond and pearl set
rings. 1712A Post at.; reward.
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. :
painless . extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS. Pres.. 969 Mission St., SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. - ;
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D. P. S., 'Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates $5. full set; all work i«alnless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;
fillings, 25c. , . - ¦ ¦
SET of teeth .without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et.
DRESSMAKER^ AJiD SEABISTRESSE3
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
CLARKE. 1123 Powell st; orders promptly
attended to. ¦ -
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EDUCATIONAL department of the Young
Men's Christian Association — Day classes;
email classes or Individual Instruction in
commercial, scientific and high school
'branches; hours and terms- may. be arranged
with the educational director at the building:.
Night • school — Students are admitted at any
time to the classes in stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
¦ ship and steam engineering. __
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING^ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post at, S. F.;
catalogue free. ..
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market st
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
' Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
. penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
PIANIST (lady) ; good accompanist and sight
reader: desires engagements; pupils required.
; "2755 Bush st.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
ft, for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
'nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
tltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught In a
class; $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Geary 662.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery Bt
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
| ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good-
teacher, 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
Efese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush Et. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SWEDISH second girl, good waitress and
seamstress; refs. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A SWEDISH housegirl: first-class cook; best
city refs. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A — FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work In In-
stitution; first-class lroner, city or country.
Apply 213 Minna st.
YOUNG lady, experienced traveler, offers ser-
vices in exchange for expenses to New York
or England. Box 245. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month; would care for invalid; good ref-
erences. Call for 2 days, 750 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman will cook
for men or keep house for adult family". 153%
Third st, Stockton House, room 17.
WOMAN wants housework or cleaning by the
half day. Address Advertiser, 1212 Howard.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, nurse sick, charge of Invalid;
charges reasonable; personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214A- Mason St., phone Clay
217. .
TRAINED nurse with hospital and physicians'
references would accompany Invalid to coun-
try or seaside resort for summer months;
terms very moderate. Box 353, Call.
YOUNG woman, first-class cook. want3 place;
wages $35. Call at 169 Shipley st, Folsom
near Fifth st,
MIDDLE-AGED girl would like to have situa-
tion in a small family and will help take
care of children also. 709 Ivy avenue.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha3 been established at 1093
Valencia st. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COLLEGE graduate in chemistry desires posi-
tion as analytical chemist: excellent refer-
ences. Address E. L. HALL, 1613 Gough st
A PRACTICAL and experienced gardener
v/if hes a situation; references. Address box
_4625,_Call_ office. .'. ¦
GERMAN gardener, sober, reliable and Indus- i
trious, can milk if desired, wants position in
private place; good references. Box 243, Call.
YOUNG man of experience would like to get
work in grocery; good references. Box 345,
Call office. .
YOUNG man, hustler, with ability, wants em-
ployment; business office- experience. Box
4024. Call office.
MUST have employment at once. Address box
244, Call office.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer wishes posi-
tion; references. Box 344, Call office. •
ELDERLY man, sober and reliable, desires sit-
uation as gardener on private place, or any
light work: Address N. ANDERSEN, 620
Washington St., room 19.
A STEADY, reliable man7 two years In present
position, desires work In wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box 393, Call office.' •
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and ' gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial; single;
good references. Address G. D.,-box 272. Call.
WORK wanted by a man who Is partly em-
ployed; chores about house; handy with tools;
references; small wages. Address box 351,
• Call office.
GERMAN, aged 37, desires position driving
wagon • or small truck; small wages ;. good
.home; city. 1228 Market st, room 10. ¦
FIRST-CLASS florist and gardener desires sit-
uation on private place or nursery; can give
good reference; 12 years In California. .Box
377, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a clean position for
afternoons and evenings. W. E. \C, 351C
Minna at. • .
MAN with good recommendations and expe-
rience as clerk and storekeeper in Q. M.
Dep't, -U. S. Army, .desires position. Box
396, Call. . ,
PRACTICAL engineer and machinist wishes
position as engineer; city '. or. country. Box
316. Call. .
AN Industrious and straight man, German and
English sneaking, wishes a position as car-
. riage driver or ; gardener. • Box 321, Call.
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Address C. H., 529 Noe st
LOST AND FO u *^P~~^"°^i n , Tt f-^*- - —
LOST— A pass book with the HlDernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Fran^3C°.l° the-
name of MICHAEL JAMES KEELIN. No.
250-211. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— A gray steel purse with 8 blue stones:
contained some money In silver. 'I 16 *"® **"
turn for reward to F. HOLTUM. 517 Callfor-
nla st. ' __;'
LOST— Monday night at Orpheum, a gold purs*
and chain studded with diamonds. Return to
1630 Jackson st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST — May 5. black terrier do*, white spot op
breast; cripple hind leg; $5 reward. NAGLii.
304 Van Ness ave. _^____—
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
"Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cas«»y^____
MATTRESSES AXP PIUOW8.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hctter. 712 Mission ;tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. _._
A— ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWIER
will be g-lad to know she has returned to San
Francsico and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
her will be assured of careful and honest
treatment. Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours. 10 to 12 a. m..
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 1504 Market St.. roo:n3 25 to 28. City
Hall square. Over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist—Ladles, all who are sick or in troubl*.
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
fcav» relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G W. O'DON-
NFLL, office & residence. 1013 Mat, op. oto.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most Important of modern principles in treat-
• ing and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007 V» Market at.
MRS DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles"
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement: hours 9 to B and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st.. opp. Bth and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private homo in
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St.. nr. Jonea.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infant*
free; fee. low. Moved to 118 Eddy »t. nr Mkt.
MRS D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fall3;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay A Kearry.
LADIES — "N_everfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldy.
DR AND MRS. DAVIES and HTNDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1128 Market
DR NG TOY KER, fifc' Stockton st.. opposita
XTnlon Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES ANO MIXIXG.
SMALL gold mine, with mill: will pay from
the start: only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. U7
Montgomery at.. S. F.
MISCELLASEOCS FOB SALE.
BOILKRsTenglnes, 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tenta to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 M 'Ion.
THE public is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
GENTLEMAN'S ticket to Baltimore for sal*
cheap; prevented from going. Box 241. Call.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FOR SALE — Honey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
EXTRA fine tents at half price or for rent H
E. SKINNER & CO.. 416 Market st
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th.
ASK fcr prices on second-hand typewriters (alt
¦ makes). ALEXANDER ft CO.. 110 Montg-y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han<3
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2d A Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULT.ARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MlSCELLAXEOtS WASTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes,
any condition. Farnsworth Electrical Wks
1S5 Jessie st. - , - , .
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins*
send postal; will call. . Box 4960, Call.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jessie 2S31.
MOXEY TO LOAJt.
HERMA?TTrURP^Y7^oT^oT^xa^inM~bld«7
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
.. LOANS MADE '.',2
Cn first and second mortgages...*!*
Life interest* In estates -
Property being held in trust „
Undivided interests in real estate.......
.Estates in probate — Legacies... ....«
Assignment of rents...... .,
». Life insurance policies „
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-C02 Examiner building
A— P.. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 8."
Loans any amount at lowest rates. -
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. aSl2
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests la real estat*.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 6810.
R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
tecor.d and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 13,
ltt floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 323 Montgomery »t.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84a
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant avt.. near
Geary st: phone Red 1803.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 38.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg: loans on pianos.
. furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel.Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se~
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott bis.
LOANS on furniture or piano without temoval-
any amount; lowest rate: goods in warehouse :
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
pai ? y '~ no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bidg.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos fura..
without removal; conflden. 035 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. E.W.LJCK. 116 McAllister st
3% ON nmmure & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ON E Per cent on furniture: $3 a month oa-eaci
$1COO: any recurlty. 302 Montgomery '«.., n.t.
i CAS 1 I loane <i salaried people on not* wttaoot
indorser. / MORRellT 600 ExamHer »^^
LOANS money on salary; no !oddr»er;:ttajtera
plan. Western Loaa Co.;- 0C9 Phel*a bid*.
SAJf FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
nctu 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh^rtreet; cpen until 9 p. xn.
1096 Valencia Etreet; 'open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- (
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FHlmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES,,
STARR KING Lodge, U. D., F. and A. . k
M.. Mowry's Hall, will meet THIS JL
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:00 «*5*
o'clock. Third Degree. By order of c%f\
the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M. — D. 3 THIS DAY, June 11. at t :o0
p m. By order of the W. M. 7v#\
H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /? »
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C3, F. and A. -
M.— First Degree THIS (WEDNES- Jg%^
DAY) EVENING. June 11. at 7:30 Jk3?
o'clock. H. J. OWEN. Sec. *^T '
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. m
M —Called meeting THIS (WED- _#*_
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
First Degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec / ?
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ~m~~
aid A M. 1S39 Fillmore st. — First
Degree THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- }£X
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^»
HARRY BAEHR. Sec
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Thft
members of the above association will hold
their regular quarterly meeting at Albion
Hall THURSDAY EVENING. June 12. at 8
o'clock. All members are requested to b«
present, as there is very important business
to transact, such as nomination and election
of officers, also to make linal arrangements
for the annual picnic which is to be held
on August 3 in Shell Mound Park, Berkeley.
Fines for nonattendance.
RICHARD F. BUCKLEY, Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
B, W KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613 -ell cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success: established IS yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. 819 Market st
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
30i»-10-ll. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k«»t ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
UICVCLES— For Salts or Exchange.
ALLEN bas best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
' BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board; good home; best
of care; reasonable. 895 Oak St., Alameda.
BOOKS— SEW A5D OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CUAXCES.
A— CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kearny.
A — $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A — $750; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery store;
big money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 Kearny st ., ¦«
A— $250; OTSTER and chop house on Larkin
St.; rent $16; good location and good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $G50; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
ms.n and wife. R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— *550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar, with Uv-
ing-rooms; rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth st. ; good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A52C50; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars R. G. "VVTLKE, 26% Kearny st
~ JOSEPH STRAUB.
A — Old established wine 'house; large bar and
outside trade; horses, wagon; owner retiring.
A — Country peddling outfit complete; good op-
portunity for any one; particulars of route.
A — Old-establiEhed saloon near Hall of Justice.
A — Grocery and bar on Mission St.; owner go-
ing in some other business.
A — Kestaurant In vicinity of Mission and 16th
sts. ; will be sold on account of departure.
A — Hotel.country town; stage depot for springs.
A — Bakery and coffee saloon on business street.
A — Eutcher chop in the Mission; fine locality;
good trade; horse and wagon; large store.
A — Saloon in wholesale district; all right.
Particulars. JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market
A — WE buv, sell or exchange all kinds of busi-
ness. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st.
A — $300 — SALOON; good trade; full value; 3
rooms; rent £15. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A — ?150 — BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $30: 3 rooms. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A — 20 CIGAR stores. 15 restaurants, 100 lodg-
ing-houses. For bargains see STRAND &
CO., 78 Third et.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
Jive months he had drawn as much In divi-
dends ae his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against lo&s;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10; divi-
dend for week ending June 7, $4 JJS; write
cr call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCHTION. suite
€15, Emma Spreckele building.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in Market-st- saloon;
clearing $150 a month. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
ket £t. •
$175 — CIGAR store; clearing $75 month; living
room furnished. BROWN & CO., 1221 Mar-
ket st. - .
$150— RESTAURANT on Market st; clearing
$100 month; sickness. BROWN & CO.. 1221
Market et.
A— P. S. DE LUC A & CO., 318 Kearny st.
phone Red 4S40. lias the following bargains: :
1150. partner, cashier, restaurant, daily re-
:ipt£. $25; $450, restaurant, 25 tables 100
lairs, a snap; $000. saloon. Sixth St.." rent '
L), bargain; branch bakeries, all prices dlf-.
:rent parts city; cash customers waiting at
ir office.
$200— Money-maldng b. bakery,3 rms. $12 r
L2S — Delicacy, grocery, bakery, 4 rms., $15 r!
HX) — Candy, stationery, notions, 3 rms., $20 r.
150 — Variety store, 2 rooms. $15 rent.
: Hedges, 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
30 cigar stands, prices $75 to $2000; rents
J to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7 dally Abk
. L. Hedges. 401-402 Parrott bldg.. 825 Mkt.
NTTSTS — A fine opportunity to secure a
ood practice; fixtures complete; fine offices;
esirable location; owner leaving the city
ad will consider a reasonable offer
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
lNTED — At once, good man to accompany
ike equal interest with me to work placer
laims at Nome, Alaska; owned by advertis-
r; fine chance; good terms. For interview
box 247, Call office.
TEA, coffee and crockery store with large
route; in splendid location; with 4 living
rooms. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
I'ARTNER wanted with $15,000 to invest in
good paying sailing Khlp business; parties
have 5 ships. Box 4C23. Call office.
KESTAURANT for gale at 606 Fourth Bt.
{S500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street, clearing. $650 monthly net: whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe; no
agenU. Box 275. Call office.
$2000 — HEALTH resort boarding-house in hills.
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tentc
frnshd.; spring, well; 100 bearing fruit trees;
Ftables, 2 hon»es, wagon, cow, calf. 357, Call
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a first-class
liniment, with stock on hand. Call or ad-
dress MRS. A., 415A Third St.. S. F.
A — $750: candy and ice cream parlor. Room
:&j, 927 Market St.. bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
SHERWOOD 6t. 5. near Third and Mission-
Coal yard: 5 stalls; office house.
RESTAURANT worth $2500. In running order.
wiil he sold af a great sacrifice. 11 Mason.
FOR SALE— Established 30 years; bakery; on
account of death. Apply Call office. /
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dl»-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. CaU.
TOj^POjSVAMT^^
WILL teach a few smart girls on ladles' silk
and woolen waists; good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 523 Market st
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st. ;
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st :
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 perweek;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. : .
HELP WAN TED MALE.
MURRAY '&. READY. .... . .Main 5848 Phone
6^4-636 Clay st
..Leading Employment, and Labor Agents..
Otfice osen 7 a: m
...........5000 R. R. men wanted
FREE FARE TO
Salt Lake Division, Rokeby, Moieen, Iroa
Point, Battle Mountain, Palisade, Fenton.
Wells, Carlin, Vista, Reno, Wadsworth. Elko.
Ship free daily
600 teamsters 800 laborers
'200 laborers, concrete work; 65 scraper hold-
ers; 35 car dumpers, drillers and rockmen..,.
ARIZONA' •
2 camp blacksmiths;. 10 teamsters..
SANTA FE CO.'S WORK
35 laborers for co.'s own work.'. ..Ship dally
All above work
FREE FARE
- 724 men
.......48 different sawmill companies
SAWMILLS WOODS ...YARDS
724 men to work in sawmill, woods and
yards, piling . lumber, learning to run ma-
chines and make/ themselves useful; no ex-
perience required; you'll suit; wages $30 to
'$ti5 and found..
FARE PAID
Experienced help for sawmills
Millwright, see boss here, sawmill company..
$50 and found
Circular sawyer. $85 and found; shingle saw
filer; shingle sawyer; 4 setters, $90; 5 log
loaders, $55 and found, see boss here; shingle
packer, $52 and found; chain tenders. $45
and found
MINES -.
ROCKMEN LABORERS
3 miners, single hand $90
83 miners, different mines $75 to $90
187 laborers, no experience required, to work
around mines. Wages $2 day, $40 and $50 & fd
10 drillers, city job, $2 25; 18 drillers, near
city; 574 laborers for different city and coun-
try, ail counties... Wages $1 75 to $2 50 day
Get Our List — Ready at 7 a. m
MECHANICAL BLACKSMITHS
Locomotive engineer, sawmill co $3 day
Millwright, sawmill, see boss here.. $50 & fd
Blacksmith helper, ranch $30 and found
23 Macksmiths for different jobs, $2 50 to
$3 50 day. $40 to $52 and found; 3 carpenters,
rough work, Nevada, fare returned, --$70;
young man, some experience at stone cut-
ting, $2 25 day; wagon repairer, camp; pat-
tern maker, mine machine works; 23 brick
molders
List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m
:. MISCELLANEOUS ... ;
Grocery clerk, country store ' $45
3 milk wagon drivers, Eastern men, $40 and
found; can washer, city depot, $30 and found;
boy to learn blacksmith trade; 10 stablemen,
city and country; young man to learn cream-
ery business: 6 men and wives, $40, $45
and $50 and found; hostler
MARRIED HELP
Cook and wife, mine, 25 men, see boss here;
waiter and wife, country place, . see boss
here, $45 and found; 3 farmers and wives,
$40 to $45 and found; farmer and wife, pri-
vate place, see boss here, $45 and found....
HAY AND HARVEST
FARMS AND DAIRIES
125 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50
and $2 day; 67 farm hands, steady jobs, $25,
$30 and $35 and found; 50 choremen and
chore boys, city and country Job3, $15, $20,
$25 and $30 and found; 3 farmers and wives,
$45 and $50 and found; 53 milkers; 3 milkers,
Nevada, fare paid - ¦•••
HOTEL BUTCHERS
15 cooks, city and country hotels and res-
taurants, $40, $45, $50 and $60 and found; 17
cooks for camps and ranches, $25 to $50 and
found; 2 cooks, hotels In Nevada, fare paid.
$50; 10 waiters, $25, $30 and $40 and found:
6 porters, city and country hotels: 17 pther
kitchen hands; butcher, small Institution. $30
and found; 4 butchers, country shops, $35
and $40 and found; waiter, summer resort.
$30 and found; baker, small place, $30 and
found •
Call and Get Our List of Jobs
Ready at 7 a. m ."
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
59 3d st., "near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
TO ALL. POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare Free Fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters ."....$2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men.. $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE ..FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .$26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers. .. .$40 per month and board
2 brakemen $2 per day
HAY HANDS .HAY HANDS
20 hay hands, big ranch, $1 25 per day and
board .'
10 men for haying, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and
board
Milker, 21 cows, $32 60 per month and board
3 milkers $35 per month and board
5 experienced women to pack fruit
LABORERS— BIG CITY JOB
.25 men. board at home. $2 per day
Woman with one child to cook for 8 per-
sons on ranch, $25 per month ; 2 sack sew-
ers, harvester, $2 per day; man and wife,
man for general ranch work., wife to cook
for 5, S50 per month: camp cook, 40 men,
has helper, $40 per month.
Blacksmith, horseshoeing $3 per day
BUTTER maker, $35 and found: milkers for
Santa Barbara, San Benlto, Del Norte, Marin.
Colusa and other counties. $30 and $35 and
found; milker and wife. $60; man and wife
private family. $50; choremen, $10, $15, $25
and $30 and found: stableman. $30 and found:
buggy washer, $30 and found; and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
COOK, country restaurant. $10 week: cook
country hotel and wife waitress, $85; cook,
country hotel, $60; second cook, $40; board-
ing-house cook, $40; restaurant cook, $70; 4
waiters, country hotel, $30; barkeeper. $30
and found: dishwashers, porters and others;,
colored waiter for family, $25. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
CABINET maker to repair furniture; 4 more
carpenters for country, $4 day: jobbing
blacksmith, $2 50 day and board; wheel-
wright for ranch, $45 and found; 2 ranch
blacksmiths. $10 and board: 3 blacksmiths'
helpers. $2 and $2 25 day and $40 and board:
10 lumber pliers, . $2 day and $30 month and
board: 50 laborers and teamsters for coun-
try, $2 and $2 25 day, free fare; laborers for
mines, $2 day; Burlelgh drill miner, $3 day.
and others. J. F. . CROSETT & CO., C2S
Sacramento st *
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
.600 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and
. steam shovel dumpers. .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
To Wadsworth. Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Telegraph Point and Carlin. fee $1 ....
200 railroad men, S. P. Co.'s work, for coast
and Western division, free fare: 40 laborers
and miners, north $2 and $2 50 per day:
50 laborers and miners, south, $2 and $2 50
per day.; 12 quarrymen, free fare, $2 per day.
6 men, hay field .$125 and found
8 tanbark men for Calpella. .. .$45 and found
20 men for Napa County .$2 per day
25 men for Mendoclno Co. .$35 to $40 and fd
20 men. city work $2 per day
10 milkers and dairymen, Plumas Cof.
$30 to $35 and found
5 teamsters, near city $1 25 and found
1 gasoline engineer $90
16 cooks and waiters :....$20 to $60
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletin.'
Remember, we ship to Nevada to-day.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Pantryman
for club. $30; silver pantryman for springs,' 1 '
$23: dishwasher. $7 a week; dishwasher for
springs. $20; -waiter for springs, $20: waiter,
plain hotel. $25; 6 men for grading private
plac£, country, $1 a day and found; gar-
dener, private place, s $25; barkeeper, city,
$50; barkeeper, .country, $30 and found, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2fi Montgomery, rm. 12.
Barman.. $30; third cook. $30; clerk; $20;
steward, $50; 2 waiters, $30; chef, $75.
WANTED — By E..B. & A. L. Stone Co., team-
sters and laborers for railroad work in Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
: Laborers .. .*.;". V. ...'.......'. .$2 per day
Board .%"•> 25 per week
Report with blankets at 900 Broadway,
Oakland :.....¦.
¦ Laborers for concrete work,- wages $2 per
day, 10 hours' work; board $4 50 per * week;
long, job. Report at Napa Junction.
$75 — WANTED, steady man as f partner In
cigar store and laundry office; good transient
trade: full value In stock jrtven; cheap rent.
•Particulars, cigar factory. 257 4th,nr.Folsom..
WANTED — Wlrebed weaver: steady r>1ace to
right party. Apply Oakland Matt Co.. 461
Fourth st. Oakland.
FIRST-CLAPS coatmakpr for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery at
DISHWASHER— 507 Fourth, st.
WANTED — Youutr man who can do porter
work. Golden West Hotel. 68 Ellis st
WANTED— Man, to care for horses. 712 Four-
teenth st.', near Market. ; .
PRACTICAL' coffee* house wiiter. 612 Kearny
.¦ street. - . •
GOOD union barber wanted for short hours-
job steady. 1646 Polk st.
__.___' .FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
cold; stock accepted for . services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post
WANTED— $35,000 building loan; on water
front; brick warehouse. Box 4622, ,CalI.
FLATS TO LET. ¦ : ; - '¦'__
TWO sunny corner fiats, with all possible con-
veniences; Just being* completed ; 6 rooms and
basement; corner 17th and Hartford; half-
block from Market st. ; within 13 minutes'
. ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro & 18th cars.
NEW flats, just completed, cor. Noe and Eliza-
beth; 6 rooms; modern improvements; gas
and electricity; convenient to 24th and Castro
st. cars; unfurnished.
4 roms. Page St.... .$15(8 rooms. Jackson st.?35
6 rooms Central av. 20lPolk & Clay. 7 rms. 50
; ¦ SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A — TWO cozy 4 and 5 rooms, bath, down-
town, $21 and $23; put in order to suit. 316
and 318 Myrtle ave., near Franklin st
$9 — SUNNY flat of 3 rooms at 132S Jessie st,
off Hermann, near junction Valencia St.
HARRISON, • 665— Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms
and bath; no children.
$12— 299B SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Sunny flat;
6 rooms, bath, gas, yard. -
FLATS TO , LET— FURNISHED.
TO let — Furnished flat of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517—4 rms. :bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
VALLEJO, 1608, near Van Ness ave. — Furnish-
ed flat; 6 rooms and bath: call morning.
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. l'SOO Sutter st .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, , $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Within 1 wk., sunny flat, 4 or 5 r.;
central; rent $20. Add. J. F. F., 220 Ash ave.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURXITURg AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st. ; tel. Bush 421. |
GLOVES.
TRY DanichefC One Dollar Glove; you will
. never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 more waitresses, j Santa Cruz, fare one
way $25
25 waitresses, springs and resorts. .. .$20-$2o
25 waitresses, city and country hotels.$20-$25
Chambermaids and chambermaids to
wait $15-$20
Laundresses, cooks, resorts, country
hotels $25-$35
2 fancy ironers. resort $35
Man and wife, kitchen hand and chamber-
maid, resort $40
Lunch waitress, no Sunday or holiday
work $3 a week
.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT i . . .
Nurse, confinement; nurse, care of small chil-
"dren; ranch cooks; 20 good places for girls
who want housework in the country, fares
paid, most parties can be seen In city. $20-
$25; cooks; second girl, Oakland, $25, see
lady here 1 o'clock. •
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
st. and Grant ave.)
A — THOROUGHLY experienced hotel house-
keeper, one having experience In large hotels
only need apply $40-$50
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, between Kearny
st. and Grant ave.)
TWENTY-TWO first-class positions, waitresses,
city, country, springs, mountain and water
resorts, $25 and $20. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335
Geary st. • ..
A MAN and wife, country hotel; man for
kitchen work, woman chamber work and
wait, $40. -
MRS. M. E.JDAY 335 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, small American family, on fruit
ranch; very choice place; $25; fare paid.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary St.
NURSE and companion fcr elderly lady. $20.
MRS. M: E. DAY . ... .^Tf. .335 Geary st.
WANTED — General housework and cooking, 2
. In family, no wash, short distance out of city,
$35, see. lady this forenoon, of flee ; first-class
nurse for sick lady, $10 week; 2 laundresses,
private families. $25, $30; lady maid and
chamberwork, $25; parlor maid, $25; pastry
cook for institution, $30; 15 waitresses for
city hotels, restaurants, springs and resorts,
$25; cook for summer resort, $40; 10 second
girls, city and country. $20-$25; 100 girls for
housework, city and country, at $20. $25, $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A WOMAN to cook for 8 men, $30; boarding
house cook, $35; housegirl, $35; second girl,
$25; waltress$ 25; ranch cook. $25; nurse girl,
$20. MRS NORTON, 313 Sutter st
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. _
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers,
shirt waists, etc.; take work. home. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st.
WANTED — Girl for upstairs work, waiting and
sewing; reference required. Apply between
10 and 12 at 1392 Geary st.
PRINTED book-sewers and experienced girl
for numbering machine at McINTYRE'S, 424
Sansome st.
WANTED — Strong German girl for housework
and cooking; apply mornings; carfare refund-
ed. 1004 Paru st. Alameda. . .
EXPERIENCED salesladies in hosiery and
laces. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market st.
WANTED — Ladies to work for us at their
homes. Call Metropole, room 36, 6 Turk st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, family
of 2. 905 Bush st.
GIRL, assist general housework; sleep home;
wages $12. 1108 Fulton st.
WAITRESS— 507 Fourth st.
GIRL for general housework. 1629 McAllister
street
FIRST-CLASS waitress; work 6 days per week;
$8 per week. Breuss Cafe. 70 Third st.
WANTED — A girl for dry goods store, in the
Mission. Box 242, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cigar box pasters. STEPHEN
H. AUSTIN, 432 Fourth st.
GIRL to take, care of child and light work;
¦ family of two. Apply box 248, Call office.
TAILORESS on custom coats. 935 Market st,
room 16.
WANTED— First-class waitress at 304 Mason
st; wages $8 a week.
WANTED-i-A German girl for light house-
work at 419 Jones st.
A WIDOWER with one child wants elderly
housekeeper. Ap. Geo. McDonald, Elmhurst.
GIRLS to put up perfumes; $3 a week. Box
, 4287, Call office.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure; also apprentice wanted. Apply at
HALE BROS. , :
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; hairdresslng,
manicuring, massage, halrwork taught In 2
weeks; price $4 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
LADIES ; to learn barber trade; only two
, months required; special ' offer this month;
hairdresElng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
' dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
\ and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO., 535 Market st- -. .
GIRL wanted to • work' In ¦ tailor shop; good
wages. 883 Halght st, near Devlsadero. .
WANTED— A girl to do light housework;
please state terms. Box 210, Call office.
YOUNG lady for general office work; must be a
good .penman. Box 375, Call.
A GOOD conversationalist to teach and train
employes. Box 376, Call.
WANTED — Girl for general housework ; plain
cooking. 3823 Nineteenth St.. near Church.
WANTED — Young ladv to do office work; state
reference. Address N. A.,,box 350, Call.
A YOUNG girl for general housework; small
. family; need not cook. • 1831 Eddy st
WANTED — A middle-aged woman for cooking
and light housework. Apply 613 Pacific st. ¦
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p.' m. Wednesday; salary, no object
LODGISG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SUNNY corner house, 17 rooms; Geary st;
rent $77 60; piano, silverware, fine furniture;
owner must Bell; easy terms; , genuine bar-
gain; $1700. "•
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 ' Market et., bet 5th and 6th.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market Et., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. ¦ -
A-CALL. WE CAN SUIT "SOU.
SO rooms; first-class; north of Market. .$2400
20 rooms; cleanr $60 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
12 rooms; snap.. 450
80 rooms; clears $250; Investigate...... 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531. -
S06 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
5 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
mz r ¦
MARION GRIFFIN. '•
719 Market at, upstairs, near Call Building.
A— big— free— list— at— my— office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnUh vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CV,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton Bt,.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list ¦with us; buyers, call; we can
cult you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts
of city. Money loaned, 1% per cent.
A KREDO & CO Connoisseurs' Bale
8 rooms; name your own price.
12 rooms; Powell; clears $60 a month.
18 rooms; transient: on acct. of death; cheap.
16 rooms; Van Ness; make offer.
Many other bargains. 14 Flood bldg.
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments. ,_.
16 rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms:; clears $30 $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard et
SNAP — $2600; 30-room house; rent $65; $1500;
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture; flrst-
clas» location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE; elegantly furnished, 62
rooms; hot and cold running water; elevator;
lease 5 years; rent $250; cash price $5000.
The Falmouth, 1049 Market st .
A — $000: LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms, 80 beds:
rent $20: best location on water front. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt
9-ROOM house, all light, all rented: neatly
furnished; must be sold; case of sickness.
266 Minna st. ; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
$175 — 7-ROOM house: good furniture; good lo-
cation. Inquire 765 Market St.. room 2.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, st, near Franklin,
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, 60c; psychic eeance Mon. and Wed.
nights. 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell St., nr. Gough; Ellis car.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. ' Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
MME. E. YOUNG — Planetary prophetess; mys-
teries of life revealed dally. 619 McAlllstsr.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.. Tues. and Fri.,
8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p m,, 10c; read, dally. 50c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
¦ habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
.. PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His Information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mlpes, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there Is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
, hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no Miatter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Mediumistic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
326 O'FARRELL STREET 326
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business 'troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1101 Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist card reader; advice on
all affairs: reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 Mission st, near Sixth.
KME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rt-ader. born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading :ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— ARRIVED. ,--
PALMERO, the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224, San Francisco,
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
question?; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
ADVICE on love and all business affairs; read-
Ings dally. MME. J. J. LYONS, 1016 Mar-
ket st, rms. 8-9: hrs. 10-5 dally; Sun., 11-1.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm. ;
ehe has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given: L. 50c; G. $1. 217 Eddy st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G.' 50c. 521% Eddy.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth gt.'
CARPICTJ^AJ[^N^A^P^^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
6end to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lrg Works. 853-357 Tehama st ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market. bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanJng Co.. 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263»
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating ¦ Works,
¦ 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros/ excellent carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell st. phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning' and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. j KELLY'S Agency— NcT" charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
WOLFE, 8—4 rooms; yard; rent $8 50. Key
at. 4 Wolfe st.A verdict for the defendant * was ren
dered by a Jury In Judge Graham's court
yesterday in the suit of the Jersey Island
Packing Company against the Bay and
River Dredging Company for $15,430, al
leged to have been advanced by the plain
tiff. Attorney Peter F. Dunne represent
ed the defendants.
Dredging Company "Wins Suit.
In the same court John "Wieland of the
firm of Wieland Bros, brought suit
against the Canadian Pacific Railway
Compny to recover $6200 damages for the
noa-delivery of thirty-five tubs of cheese
to be shipped from Holland to San Fran
cisco on the steamship Sardinian Prince.
The first suit is for $10,000 and an ac
counting; the second is for 24,900 shares
of stock and a restraining order and the
third is for 24,900 shares of stock and a
similar restraining order.
Three suits were transferred yesterday
from the Superior Court of Nevada
County to the Unites States Circuit Court.
They are entitled as follows: The Desert
King Mining: Company vs. Thomas
Dougherty and Charles B. Bell, directors
of the company; Charles B. Bell vs.
Thomas S. Ford, "W. A. Sleep, Gladys
Ford and the Desert King Mining Com
pany, and Thomas Dougherty vs. Thomas
S. Ford, "W. A. Sleep, Gladys Ford and
the Desert King Mining Company.
for Non-Delivery of Thirty-Five
Tubs of Holland Cheese.
Wieland Brothers Demand Damages
SEVERAL SUITS TAKEN"
to 't'H k cntcurr cotjbt
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNS 11, 1902.
13
T.irsiC4L r\STRi;*IEXTS.
ALL makes and grades bandied; largest va-
uvHEht^ lareest ttcck - Special bargains, all
3 Steinway ..../....'. $95 to $2S0
t: hP ?"* » $83>*o $110
1 £«*>«¦ $65 to J160
2 Fischox „ | T5 t0 $155
1 Bourne.v. .._-. | 40
Over KXH) Heine pianos in S. F. Agents' for
f famous xjid Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
Installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary et
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear ln mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
BKortment of best makes to choose from.
EHERMAX, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealer*,
cor. Kearny and Sutter Fte.. O. F.; Broad-
'*!¦>' and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS a special offer this week wo will mark down
the price of a number of first-class irjstru-
rnents to a point where no enc can affcrd to
buy elsewhere. We carry Wissner. Bau-
meiFtcr and other choice malaes. THE ZENO
MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt
A^L T .vF Ian .° BOlA by "* taken back any time
EiSi" Jea™ and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
p.&no from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OFarrell st; established 1S50.
A Ci | IC KERING_A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Stelnway — A Fischer — A Fteck.
And ten others from $C0 up.
6^' * asy P a >' me nts. fully guaranteed.
- BENJ. CUKTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell 8 t
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
JlO-sS^pSt £ SOrtS - BTR °N MAUZY. 308-
O V7* D l* nos - \ be leading makers: prices $100
£?r?r I ?? : r-»"?i^'U b * st ln cit y- PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY. Market l*th & Church.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos ln city.
Scott Curtag Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
™ Person departing Tor Germany sacrifice superb
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 3S0 Turk.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright: easy payl
ments. 16 McAllister et.. next Hibernia Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 831 Market st—
Eteck, Everett. Ludwlg and other good planom.
ENAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
cropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post et; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. .
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
__MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 .Latham pl«re.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
A large sunny office; -#art, whole, desk room;
drummer sample-room. 14 Flood building.
LARGE store with h'.gh basement fronting on
2 gte.; below Kearny «t 636 Clay Bt. room L
DESK room and desk In larse eunny front
office. 916 Market st. room 6&. ' . --\
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. ecientific palmlet 51»
Tay'.or st.. bet Geary and Post:tel.Black 56L
PERSOXALS.
IF you hair Is falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to etop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DE.
G. 6. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. S. F.
IT Is not claimed that Viavi can cure the in-
curable, but thousands of women who had
srlven up all hope of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co., 2304
Van Ness ave.. San Francisco; tel. East 282.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
tlX>: with these suits we make an extra pair
of pacts free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et, between Seventh and Eighth.
6PECIAL CREDTr STORE — Complete outfit
$1 week; ladles' tailor made suits, skirts,
chirtwaists. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new ttcre. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 818 Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third st, neat Market: 700 rooms.
25c 4o $1 50 per night 50 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage tb and from the ferry.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine Is what
cured people tay. Address REUNER OOU-
LET, Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS hair goods only; switches and
Trigs; hair dressing, 25c; shampooing; 60c-
manicuring. 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ton Et.
MECHANICAL engineer^ — Steam, engine, boil-
er, ice and refrigerating machinery expert;
designs "and • installs most economical oll-
burnicg plants. Box 3C2. CalL
A — WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; (1 each;
game as white shirts ; selection 800 patterns.
MADAME PONO— Scientific character read-
!:.g: hours, 10 to 12 a. m., 1 to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine end all drug dls-
eates positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk st. 8. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et, near Broadway.
CEKSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams tc Co.. 140 Geary st. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market gts.
BASEBALL. Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history greatest came ever played; 10c post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St. 6. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for «uits overcoats
asd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market >t
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious ctonea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt
LIQUOR habit — A new. safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient Ad-
dress P- O. box &S2. Saa Jose. Cal. :
FREE CLINIC^ — A number of patients are re-
quired by State Dental Assn. Wed., Thurs.
and Fri., 8 to 12. Y. M. C. A. bldg, 6th floor.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIES EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt
A — $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t. near Pine.
FINE EUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75.. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery gt.
THEDY — Where can I eee you on business?
Box 246. Call.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
6old by A'VIDA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. l»th.
EUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently.
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: bo operation, Daia or lost
time. Flfiellty Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADS eults. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and polee degtrcyed. Mm. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1718 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric peedle.Dr.&MrB.Traverse.ll70Market
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggist*'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Ir.Ftantly; lOo and 25c. All druggists.
DTBPEPFIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee, WIb.
Masquerade costumes, play 'books, wic*;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIAJTS AKD SURGEOJfS.
RUPTURE and piles curedVno pay until cured;
&o operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tatlon free. I>r«. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market tt. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. , Dr. Ball. 1073V4 Market
JEWING MACHINES AND SUFI'LIKS.
A DROP-HEAD SEWING MACHINE, $16 50~.
$10 50 buys new improved drop-head; oak
woodwork; improved attachments; agency for
all the leading sewing machines; phone How-
ard :cr,4. 145 Sixth et
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng: lowest rates. Tel. Qreen 144. 205 4th.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GltE^TJBARGAINS IN^TYPEWBiraRS^We
nil better machines for less money than any
house in tn« city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California: telephone Main 266.
2D-HAKD trt>ewrlters sold, rented, repaired.
Typewriter Ingpec. Co..20i» Stnuoroe.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c;mim-
eocmphlng. sji'7 iiirliV ,raa»M5; Hawm&U3%.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., j
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION.
"¦-•¦;. AUCTION. ¦
- AUCTION.
. AUCTION*.
On investment, residence : and .unimproved
properties, at our salesroom Monday, June
16, 1902, at 12 o'clock noon.
BRIDGET MAGUIRB ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
20S-10-12 Grove Et. and 221-223 Birch ave.,
near Van Ness ave.; good Improvements,
consist of 3 three-story houses of 8-11 rooms
and bath each, and 4 flats of 4-5 rooms each
on Birch ave. ; rents $170 per month : lot 55
xl20, 2 frontages; subject to confirmation by
Superior Court. ¦ '
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
By Order of the Verein Eintract.
1510-1538 Folsom st. north line, between 11th
and 12th- sts.; splendid improvements con-
sist of 4 rtores of 4 rooms each and 8 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each, all in perfect or-
der and steadily rented. Rents $232 per
month, which are low and can readily be
Increased; lot 100x90.
BRYANT ST. INVESTMENT.
714 Bryant Bt. and 36 Madison ave., ! between
5th and Gth sts. ; improvements consist of 3
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each, and 2 cot-
tages of 4 rooms each; rents ?90 per month;
lot 22:6x137:6; 2 frontages.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
29-31-33-35 Bledeman Bt., southwest corner
O'Farrell Ft., between Scott and Devisadero
ets.; improvements consist of 4 flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; rents $50 per month;
always rented; lot 45x60.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1910 Vallejo st, north line, - between Octavia
and Laguna Ets.; bay-window residence of 7
rooms and. bath, servant's room, etc.; brick
foundation, stone walks, nicely situated and
commanding a marine view; lot 24:3x125.
OAK ST. FLATS.
939-941 Oak St., between Pierce and Scott sts. ;
good building, contains 2 flats of 6-6 rooms
and bath each; rents $47 50 per month; 25
xl37:6.
PERRY ST. INVESTMENT.
21 Perry Bt., off Third st., bemeen Harrison
and Bryant sts., 2 flats of 4-5 rooms each;
• rents $20 per month; lot 25x75.
MISSION COTTAGE.
117 Jersey st. between Church and Sanchez,
24th and 20th Bts. ; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, ctable, etc.; lot 50x114.
W. WAINWRIGHT ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The two following properties will be offered
' to closa the above estate. Subject to con-
firmation by the Court.
No. 1. .
39th ave., west line, between "V" and "W
sts.; 25x130; being portion of Outside Land
Block 229.
No. 2.
Lot 6. block "E," Peralta Heights, Oakland,
Alameda Co.
For catalouge and further particulars, ap-
ply to
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO., ".' 1
9 Montgomery St.
LARGEST BANK SALE
OF BUILDING LOTS
• Ever offered at your own price.
FOURTEENTH ST."
~Z BO 25~ 25~ I<P
5 $10,000. *? H tt
¦ &"*«» S | I 3
1 ; : —
8 $3.600 1 $1,660. 8
p J 1
J 8 $3,500 $1,600. g Z
% — — H — . £
$ U $8,600 $1,600. fl 3
g $3,500 $l,60a H
CT £0 80 N
MUST BE SOLD. ' MUST BE) SOLD.
Greatest slaughter of business lots ever of-
fered for genuine sale. Adjoining lots in blocks
north south, east and west of thla heaviest
transfer corner of the United Railways are held
and being sold for at least 25 to 60 per cent ln
advance of the figures shown ln above diagram.
The old buildings are now removed and lots
ready for building: all the 8 streets are sewered
and accepted by the city; corner crossings and
¦tone curbing all in, also stone sidewalks.
N. H. LANG * CO.. 40 Montgomery uL.
. Corner Sutter,_ Phone Grant 1£3,
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
630 Market Street
. .Pierce and California — Double corner,. 00x120,
with six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th — Lot 25x100; fine view.
California Bt., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 6 rooms and bath " and 4 rooms and
bath: 45 fe«t frontage.
Geary st, opposite Hamilton square— House,
2 6tories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
.Eureka Bt. between 17 th and 18th— Lot o0x
120, with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and stable: $4000.
Eureka st, between 17th and 18th 3 flats, 7
and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath:
*6000.
O'Farrell. between Polk and Van Ness— Lot
27:6x120 to rear etreet, with 4 houses; well
rented.
Webster, between California and Pine— Lot
25x106:3; fine house, 9 rooms.
¦ Post, between , Octavia and Laguna— Lot
25:10x90.
Golden Gate ave., between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st, between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro St.; easy terms If desired.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot '
51x120, with six houses and flats; all rented.
Folsorn, between 3d and 4th — Large lot; old
improvements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel
or factory. -»
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots ln Halladay Map A; cheap..
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th— 25 to 50x100.
Cheap lots ln Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot; near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave., between Baker and Lyon
— Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$8000— 3 FLATS: Fell st THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market c t ; - ' . -
$1500— COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mall Dock.
Box 4621. Call office. ,
$1700 — COTTAGE 5 rooms, barn; marine view.
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$2200 — TWO flats, near Mall Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde Bts.
FOR sale — Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tagfe. San Jose. ave., opp. Valley St.
POIXT RICHMOyp REAL^ESTJCTB.
CITY OF RICHMOND^ f '
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San • Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Cos., location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of- men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to Invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $180. FROM $180.
. $5 PEH MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE- LOTS!
SEE THESE LOTS!
Some of the best corners and inside lota left
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.- . y
Railroad Depot at each end of tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Ino.),
Room 182, Crocker building. 8. F. '_:'
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CHICKEN ranch; fully equipped: near city;
all poultry; horse, buggy, furniture, etc.:
¦ exchange for lodging-house or good restaur-
ant; $1200.
G. W. SCHWEINHAHD,
917 Market st. between 5th and 6th. ~
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To '.rent, a ranch on shares in coast
county; not far from schoolhouse; will pay
cash for necessary stock, I seed and farming
tools. * Address Farmer, box 371, Call.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
* flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st; tel. Howard 94f. . F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st: phone Jackson 281.
~~~~~ SUMMER RESORTS. ,
$800— Sta. Cruz cottage; 7 r.; nr. beach depot;
50 ft HAYES, cor, Greenwich- and Hyde.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— My wife, MRS. ANNIE BONNEY,
having this day left my bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any bills or debts con-
tracted by her. ¦ -
JAMES W. BONNEY. June 8. 1902.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaee licenses were Issued
yesterday :
George J. Nolan. 31. 489 Eddy street and
Josephine C. Mayer, 19, 121 Page street •
Frank R. Devlin, 34, Vallejo. and Agnes G.
Erb. 29, Vallejo..
V .lliam T. Miller, 26, 72 Thirteenth street,
and Johanna E. Erbert, 27, 351 Fifth street.
Frank J. Strauh. 35, 44 Diamond street, and
Louise A. Rhodes, 27, 725% Minna street
Charles F. Mason, 34, 4122 Twenty-fourth
street, and Eliza J. Greer, 34, 4122 Twenty-
fourth street.
William J. O'Connell, 21, 1717 Scott etreet,
and Loretta V. Conway, 18, 318 Eighth etreet
William Holmes. 34, 215 Hayes street and
Martha. A. L. Mudd, 87, Ocean View.
Antonio Jerald. 23, 122 Turk street and
Annie M. J. White, 21, 108 Clara street
Arthur Kdson. 39, Greenwood, and Julia
Scott, 37. Greenwood.
Robert D. Connolly, 24. 1177 Valencia street,
and Edna Luse, 23, 18 Essex street
O. Ray Smith, 24, 246 O'Farrell street, and
Lada Launts/28, San Jose.
William A. Sweetland, 34, Colusa, and Jen-
nie C. Shires, 22, city.
Patrick J. Cooney. 31. Vallejo. and -Kathar-
ine A. Coff ey. 24, Paso Robles.
Frank L. Lange, 30, 1474 Page street, and
Mary E. Clancy. 28, 1809 Pine street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the oublicatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ASHMAN— In this city, June 9. 1902, to the
wife of William T. Ashman, a son.
COLLINS— In Oakland. Cal., June 6, 1802, to
the wife of R. S. Collins, a son.
HUNSAKER— June 8, 1902, to the wife of Dr.
H. W. Hunsaker, a son.
MARRIED.
FROST— MOGENSEN— In this city, June 8,
1902. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Hans
Frost and Tlllle Mogensen. both of San
Francisco.
GRAY— COWLING— In this city, June 8, 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Sidney
Hall Gray and Annie Virginia Cowling, both
of Berkeley.
HOPPEN— McCONKEY— In Seattle. Wash..
June 5, 1902, by the Rev. E. C. Randall,
Alfred ¦ Hoppen and Millie G. McConkey,
both of San Francisco.
MAAS— WAGNER— In this city. May 31, 1902,
by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, George Maas
and. Marie Wagner, both of San Francisco.
PETERSEN— PETERSEN— In this city, June
9, 1902, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Nell D.
Petersen and Josle Petersen.
SHETLAND— SHIRER— In this city. June
J&.f 902 ' by . the Rev - Dr-.John a. b . Wilson,
William Albert Sweetland of Colusa and
Jennie C. Shirer of San Francisco
VON HUSEN— WREDEN— In this city. June
4* 1902, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Wll-
. Hem. von Husen and Caroline Wreden, both
of San Francisco.
.;. DIED. "
• Bennett. John T. Hite, Cecelia A.
Bliven, James I. Morrisson, Mrs. N
Borchelt, John H. Nellis, Colborne S.
Boyen, Dora W. Pescia, Maria
Carter. Frank J. Petersen. Peter
Christensen. Peter Pettet. Susan B.
Cleveland. Mrs. Dr. Pointer. Mary J.
Corneps, Bernard F. Thomas James S.
Donohue. Maggie Tupper. Harvey L.
Dunn, Mary Wohlenberg. Max W.
Ferrante, Irene Woods, George W.
BENNETT— In this city, June 10, 1902, John
T. Bennett beloved husband of Delia Ben-
nett, brother of Mrs. R. P. Barton, Robert
Bennett and the late Edward Bennett, and
beloved son of the late Maurice and Ellen
Bennett, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years 4 months and 26 days.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Iroquois Club are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
315% Austin avenue, thence to St Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
BLIVEN— in this city, June 9, 1902. James I
beloved husband of Emily S. Bliven. and
stepfather of Mrs. Emily W. Candage and
Edward A. Knigbt a native of Hartford
Conn., aged 70 years S months and 23 days
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
.residence. 3860v Eighteenth street- thence to
Olivet Congregational Church. Seventeenth
and Noe streets; for wa-vlces. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero etreets at
2:30 o'clock.
BORCHELT— In Callstoga, June 9. 1902. John
Henry Borchelt, beloved husband of Gesina
Borchelt a native of Germany. a«d 79
years and 22 days.
BOYEN— In San Rafael. June 10, 1902. Dora
W. Boyen. dearly beloved mother of Albert
Edward, Dorothy. Emma and Henry Boyen!
Mrs. G. Kohlhoff and Mrs. F. Eden, aw-
tlve of Darum, Germany, aged 61 years 4
months and 21 days.
* COTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servicea
Thursday, June 12, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, San Rafael In-
terment private.
CARTER— In this city. June 8, 1602, Frank
J., beloved husband of Emma Gertrude Car-
ter, father of Dorothy Dorn Carter and
brother of Maria M. Eccler Hyacinth Jo-
sephine Hall and Richard R. Carter a na-
tive of San Francisco, axed 34 years'
E7Friends and acquaintances are resnect.
fully invited to attend the funeral tondav
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 16 Broderick street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No 3 R
P. O. Elks, are notified to attend the funeral
of our late brother. Frank J. Carter on
Wednesday morning, at 9 o'clock, from' Sa
cred Heart Church, corner Fell and Fill
more streets. By order —
PERCY V. LONG. Exalted Ruler
CHRISTENSEN — In this city. June 10 1902
Peter B. Christensen. beloved eon of Pet«r
Christensen, and brother of Mrs. Theo Hein
Mrs. W. Daniel and Mrs. Charles Ml'ller of.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBa
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
"¦ ' Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
, NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Eamuel McFadden. 18. years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at llii Mission st, between Seventh
. and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy, st, bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 570.
(" UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
27 »rut 29 Fifth St. Tel. South in 1
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.*
rin»»t Equipment^t Moderate Ratea. W
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
$4000— A gentleman'* beautiful mountain home
and ranch; In Napa County; 160. acres all
• f er.ced ; • fine 5-room cottage, ' furnished ; ¦ or-
chard, vineyard, hay land, gardens; 2 large
barns, horses, vehicles, poultry, etc. : good
-hunting and fishing; abundance of "natural
spring water; climate unsurpassed. - Apply
F. W. MEYER. 1453 Devisadero st. , .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st. for
pamphlets and Information.' .
ASK for our" list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg..
\ San Francisco. i . ~ . ¦ - :
A BARGAIN — For sale or exchange for city
property, good country roadhouse; must be
' eold on account of owner leaving city. Apply
on premises, San Leandro and Yoakum ave.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market'
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mlnea. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEBA RBS*Tj RSTtTH.
FOR sale.:' rent or exchange— An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
$4000.
Must be sold; a large 8-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut st- station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park st, Alameda.
MODERN cottage of 6 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall, 7-foot basement, good, brick
foundation, fruit treeB and fine lawn; corner
lot, 56x125; street work all done and' stone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars apply to owner, 1925 Park st,
Alameda. ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA ROOMS. A
•i OR 2 furnished rooms in Alameda; convenient
to trains; board Pit <•"?•< Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVhKTlSEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2700 — NEW house of 6 rooms and bath; street
work all done; south frontage; lot 40x100.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck ave.,
. Berkeley. . ,
$2100 — NEW house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 45
xll2; near station and electric cars; easy
terms. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shat-
tuck ave.. Berkeley. * -
$3500— HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; street
work all done; lot 45x136; near station and
university. LITTLE. & WOOLSEY, 2110
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$2700—8 ROOMS and bath; street work all
done; lot 60x143; south frontage; windmill
and tank. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
$6500 — GOOD 10-room and bath modern house;
3 acres of land; fine orchard; good stable,
chicken houses, etc. : a beautiful home; a
snap. LITTLE AND WOOLSEY. 2110 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley. • .
MUST BE SOLD — A new 6-room cottage with
all modern conveniences; bath, pantry, etc.;
only 2 blocks from station, stores, churches,
etc., and one block from proposed site of
Santa Fe. depot; price $1700, $100 down, bal-
ance same as rent. HOME REALTY CO.
A enap! — Neat house of 8 large rooms,
bath, etc; large lot; close to cars, stores,
etc.; price $800; easy terms. HOME REALTY
CO.
New 6-room blgh-basement cottage: every-
thing up to date; 2 blocks from station on
one of main streets; a genuine snap: price
$1800; terms to suit HOME REALTY CO.,
PERKINS & CARRIGER, Mgrs., Lorln
Station, Berkeley. Cal.
R. C. STAATS CO., 2137 Shattuck ave. ~
5 lots and 6-room cottage, close to car line.
$1400.
Cottage, 6 rooms, new; macadamized
etreet; cement walks; easy terms; $1800.
.Cottage. 6 rooms, everything modern, $2250
0-room house; barn; cement walks; mac-
adamized street; $9700.
Beautiful home, near the university; mod-
ern and new; $4750.
Lots on macadamized streets, nicely lo-
cated, $460 and upward.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent
R. C. STAATS CO., 2137 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley Station. |
STOP PAYING RENT. ~. £ '
OWN YOTIR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association is the easiest
' and best plan ever Introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $8
per month pays for your home; no Interest
Home office at 2131 Stanford place. Berkeley.
Branch office Lorln P. O., and room 89 Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
WANTED — An offer: splendidly built house'
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic;
house cost $9000; 1 year old; lot 70x160; must
be sold.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
COTTAGE— 8 roome, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDQCK. 514 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A — W. E. RUDELL, Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington St., Fruitvale, Cal.
$yoo — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; high basement; attic all
floored; good brick foundation; barn and
chicken houses; abundance of flowers;
lot 40x137; 3 blocks from electric car
line; see this for a bargain; easy terms
if desired.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all
grained In oak; stationary washtub3-
city water; lot. 37x175; $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 60 per month; a bargain.
$1800 — New modern cottage of 5 large rooms
and bath; mantel, etc.; high basement;
half floored; stationary washtubs; good
brick foundation ; large lot, situated on
sunny side of street; only one block from
local station; $300 cash, balance $18 per
month.
$2700 — New 2-story house of 7 rooms; porce-
lain bath; reception hall; all modern im-
provements; gas and electric fixtures;
beautiful view; enly one block from elec-
tric car line; lot 60x165; $500 cash, bal-
ance $26 per month.
$6500— Beautiful residence of 12 roome and
bath; steam, heaters; mantel, fireplace
and marble washtsand In each bedroom;
electric bell ln each room; stable for 4
horses and carriages; cement plate for
washing carriages; large corner lot, 150x
. 140 ft., with decorated gardens; trees
and flowers in abundance; an ideal place
for sanitarium or doctor's home; reason-
able terms if so desired.
$1250— Cottage of 5 rooms, bath; mantel, hot
and cold water, large stable; lot 47x101-
only two short blocks from Frultvale
station; $200 cash, balance $14 40 per
- month; must be sold within 5 days; an
opportunity worth investigating.
W. E. RUDELL,
Frultvale ave. and Washington st; office
•hours, 8 a..m. to 6 p. m., Sundays included.
Mill Valley AdvertfsemeDts.
MILL VALLEY _ REAL ESTATE.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
Romantically situated in Mill Valley; a
cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; basement; on
line of proposed electric road ; lot 126x300.
• New 6-room cottage; near schoolhouse:
Eastland, Mill Valley; lot 100x190.
A choice lot near the hotel in Larkspur-
lot 60x180.
Particulars JOBEPH STRAUB, 850 Market
OAKLAND. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FPnNITPRB^ FOR. gALB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
TO LEASE. \
TO LEASE! — Fine large corner office with fix-
tures, vaults, etc.; ln the business center of
. the city; suitable for bank or Insurance of-
fice. Apply to B. P. MURPHY, room 6. 602
California st. ,
VI 1 AOPATHY. .
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month, ~
unable to move myself without help; with one
treatment of Vitaopathy under Prof. Ivan
Mclaughlin, 1104 ' Market st., I was able to
walk about my room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks. I am satisfied
that Vitaopathy did it. Wednesdays free
. treatment. JACOB KIEFFER, ,
gfljJUJ Hotel Vendome. |
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 MarkeTTt
-... AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom. C3S Market street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
TUESDAY JUNE 17
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
South elde (Nob. 433 to 435) Grove et. 25
feet east of Octavia: three flats, 5, 5, 6 rooms
and bath, renting for $C2S per annum; lot 25
xSO feet. *- . ¦; .;¦._-..
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Southeast tide (No. 263) Perry et, 75 feet
east of Fifth; five well built flats of 5 and 4
rooms, in good condition, renting for $600 per
annum; lot 26xS0 feet.
BRANNAN-STREET BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast side (Nos. 409 to 409B) Brannan
•t., 75 feet southwest of Third; modern twb-
etory building, containing store and two flats
of 9, 6 rooms and bath each; rente $65 per
month; larce lot, 30:6x75 feet
FELL-STREET RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 625) Fell Bt, 85 feet west
of Laguna; a substantial well built residence
of 9 rooms and bath, renting for $30 per
month; large double frontage lot, 25x120 feet
through to Hickory ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 2712-2712%) Busli St., 175
feet west of Broderick; 2 flats, 5-6 rooms and
bath, on the sunny side of street; rents $540
per annum; lot 25x137:6 feet
CALIFORNIA-STREET BUILDING LOT.
North side of California st. 181:3 feet west
of Baker; an elegant level building lot in one
of the choicest parts of the city; lot 25x
127:8% feet
BUSH-STREET HOME.
North side (No. 2714) Bush street 200 feet
¦west of Broderick; a pretty cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, with large basement in excellent
condition; lot 26x137:6 feet
FILLMORE-STREET BUILDING LOT,
East side of Fillmore st, 24 feet south of
Waller: a fine level lot. with street work all
done, and ready for building; lot 24x81:3 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
West line of Noe st, 225 feet south of
Eighteenth; three fine building lots in the
Mission Warm Belt; lots 25x125 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
East line of • Paris ave., 91:8 feet north of
Amazon ave.; situate in block 23 of Excelsior
Homestead; lots each 25x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
038 MARKET STBEET.
$15,000 — California St., near Polk; grand key
lot 60x137:6 feet; old improvements
pay $1020 per annum; elegant site for
a family hotel; would consider a trade
of Western Addition residence as part
payment
$75,000— Corner; Market st. near 12th; 75x124
feet; three frontages.
PAYS OVER 18 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2.6PO — Rents for $480 per annum; near 14th
and Mission ets. ; store, 3 flats and sta-
ble for 4 horses; ln good condition;
brick foundation, etc.; street bitumin-
lzed; cement sidewalk; lot 25x80 feet
$27,500 — North side of O'Farrell st, near Ma-
eon; lot 27:6x137:6 feet
$S,500 — On California st., near Hyde; hand-
some modern residence of 10 rooms,
bath and large basement; substantial-
ly built; in good condition; this build-,
ing could be easily remodeled into
flats at a small expense; lot 27:6x137:6
feet
$30.000 — Northwest corner on Battery st. nr.
Postoffice; lot 45:10x137:6 feet
$8,000 — Three new modern flats on the best
part of Aehbury st: rents $870 per an- '
num; these aro gilt-edge flats; rented
to first-class tenants; lot 25x106:6.
$45,000 — Stockton st, nr. Post; lot 37:6x137:6
feet
$4,250— Two well-built bouses of 6 rooms,
bath, etc., ln the best part of the Mls-
cion warm belt; rents $552 per annum;
this property Is in first-class condition
and always rented.
MODERN COTTAGES.
EASY TERMS. MUST BE SOLD.
MAKE OFFER.
$1,800 — Steiner st, near Filbert; 4 rooms and
bath.
$5,000 — Clayton et, ar. Frederick; 7 rooms
and bath.
$4.000 — Oak st, nr. Scott; 6 rooms and bath.
£4,000 — Oak St., nr. Lagiina; 6 rooms and bath.
$l,S00 — 22d st, nr. Sanchez; 4 rooms and bath.
$2,150 — 25th Bt. nr. Diamond; 5 rooms and
bath. . .
$2,100— 27th st. nr. Sanchef, S rooms. _ ,.
$3,750 — Alpine «t, nr. Ridley; 7 rooms.
$¦4.250 — Waller st, nr. Scott; 6 rooms and bath.
$1,750 — Army »t, nr. Castro; 4 rooms and
bath.
We have a new list of cottages ln all parts of
the city, which we can sell on very easy terms
and for very low prices. If this interests you,
Call or write for a list.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
EPECK & CO., 667 Market et, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property for Absentee
Owners.
Investments. $2500 to $875,000.
Residences, $2000 to $150,000.
Unimproved property, in all parts of the city.
$102,500 — Grant ave., close to Market st } 50 ft
frontage; very substantial brick build-
ing.
$70,000 — One-third block from Market et and
close to Hibernia Bank; stores and
lodging-house; lot 72x77 ft
$67,500 — Brick building; stores and offices; lot
70x108 feet; 2 frontages; rente $575.
$50.000-^O'Farrell-st corner, inside of Larkin;
70x77:6 feet; rents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain.
$35.000 — McAH!ster-€t corner. 85x98; good im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
guna. v - .
$35,000 — Sansome-st. corner; 70x130 feet; rents
$257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2460 per year.
$30,000 — Geary st, near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rent $185. >--.'-
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner, 75x110 feet;
stores and flats; rents $215.
$20,500 — O'Farrell -st investment; east of
Leavenworth; lot 34:4x137:6; fine site
for apartment or lodging-house. V
$18,000 — Ellis St., near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rents $140.
$12,500 — Three fine new flats; block from Park
Panhandle; rents $112 50.
$10,750 — Modern flats, near Hyde and. Sutter
ets.; rents $90.
$10,500— Rents $103; lot 60x80; downtown in-
vestment
$5,500 — Geary-st corner; 62 feet frontage; half
of property Improved; a cheap buy.
LOTS.
$250— Lot 25x114 ft/ near Castro and 2Tth;
must sell.
$1,300 — Golden Gate ave., north side; lot 25x
110 feet
$8,000 — Octavla-st corner; unsurpassed marine
view; 60x123 feet
$45,000 — Sutter et, 60 ft frontage; close to the
Lace House.
•v ;..' SPECK A CO., 667 Market et.
JOSEPH STRAUB 850 MARKET ST.
RENTS COLLECTED.
$2500 — New cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
basement; lot 26x92:6; half block from cars.
$3000— Clementina st. ; residence of 6 rooms
and bath; good condition; lot 20x80.
$3500 — Filbert st, nr. FUlmore; 2 cottages
of 4 and 5 rooms; lot 26:8x120; two frontages.
$4000 — Chestnut et, near Powell; 2-story
double bouse; lot 40x120.
$5000— Washington st; 2-story brick bldg.
of 9 rooms and baths; basement; lot 20x57:6.
tSOOO — Geary st., opp. Hamilton Square;
residence of 8 rooms and bath.
$7000— Harrison st, nr. Fourth; 6 flats, in
floe order; rente $60 per month; lot 25x86.
$35,000— Shotwell st; 12 flats and residenco
of 9 rooms; lot 100x120; part cash.
Ebaeta Co. — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 650 Market Bt
J. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery st.J. L. COOKS
.............. San Francisco
...Great Bargains,' Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All elzes. all kinds.
Great opportunity.
¦ Secure a home.
f-pecial Bargains ....Special Bargains
J)o not wait. Secure a home
While you can get it cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will . '
purchase you a home.'' "
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKS.
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
NEW cottage residence, 5 sunny rooms, bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
sunny Elde of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-
rine view; stone pavement: street bitumlniz.
ed; a few steps from cable cars; fine loca-
- tlon, near Broderick; everything rented as
soon as built; new houses -going up all
around and property changing bands fast at
advancing prices; only $575 down and easy
installments; price $3175; will take a lot
, as part payment W. J. GUNN, : 530
California Bt, Savings Union building, bet
Montgomery and Kearny. • ;
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
- sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa at, Ocean -View. ;-
$13,000—3 MODERN, elegant Sutter-et flati.
XUE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st
• ; T - v -; ( ¦ ¦ . • - . ; -•
9 ¦ . Q
8 UfciNLJIINb g
8 . Eor Sale by. All Reliable Dealers. 8
i-iSplO*OO' V* &rm ton I
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
euite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
; gas, bath free;, near school and park; rent
reasonable. St James. McAllister and La-
guna sts.
BARTLETT, 413 — Large sunny furnished rooms
very reasonable.
FELL, 222—4 neartly furnished rooms, $22.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $14,
. 2 beds; 3, $20,. 2 beds, bath; 2, $15.
FILLMORE, 2219, nr. Clay — 5 sunny furnished
i rooms bath, nice yard; housekeeping.
FURNISHED and housekeeping room to. let.
Inquire In furniture store, 766 Mission st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1202— Four furnished
rooms, first floor; gas range; laundry. ;,'
HARRISON. 731 — 2 rooms furnished for house--
keeping; hot and cold water; bath; $13.
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny front room, - fur-
nlshed housekeeping; gas range; yard; $10. :
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth — Two large furnished
rooms, housekeeping; also large sunny front
- room. ¦'¦
LEAVENWORTH, 1312— Well-furnished sunny
upper floor; marine view; references; rent
reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Housekeeping
suit, elegantly furnished; gas and coal range.
VAN NESS ave., 402— Entire upper flat; 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
j lencia st. &j£
ROOMS TO LET— -Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ANGELUS . .NOW OPEJ?.
New fireproof brick building; 80 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites ; marina view.
B30 Stockton st, bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; 75c day upward: McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill- room ln California.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ALL choice neat eunny suites or singles; day,
g week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 8 — Desirable office and rooms to let,
unfurnished. Apply 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 8S<\
$1 60 night; $1 60. $6 week; open all night
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th — $1 per week, furnished
rooms. ¦
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 CO night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
LARKIN, 819% — Large sunny room, euitalile
for two gentlemen; reasonable.
LASKIE, 27, bet. 8th and 9th — Nicely furn-
lshed front parlor; 1 or 2 gentlemen; cheap.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light'
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par.;
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.'
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 949 — Elegant rooms, bath, etc.; 10
mln. walk to Kearny st; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1096
Valencia st. ' v
v ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE MCALLISTER. 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened: elegantly furnished suite or slngi*
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table*
references.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 812 Eddy st. — Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.
FOR sunny homelike room and delicious board
: apply 104 Guerrero st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat '
VAN NESS. 618 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS WANTED- Country.
MAN and wife want, by July 1. three furnished
housekpg rooms ln Alameda. Box 372. Call.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE" TO cKsDITORS^T Estate 'of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE. deceased. Notice
• Is hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said administrator at room 79
Chronicle building, the same being his place
for the transaction of the business of the
said estate ln the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased. Dated
at San Francisco, May 28, 1902. CARLTON
W. GREENE, attorney for Administrator,
rooms 76 and 79, Chronicle building.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND (alias), deceased. 'Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
RICHARD GARLAND, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said administrator at room 79,
Chronicle building, the same being his plaoe
for the transaction of the business of the
said estate in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM, administrator of the estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND, deceased. Dated at San
Francisco. May 28. 1902. CARLTON W.
GREENE, attorney for Administrator, rooms
76 and 79, Chronicle building.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 820 Sansome Bt.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
trans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902. and ending December 81 1902
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
ln accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 820 Sansome st., San Fran-
¦ Cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.-
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies: Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco
Cal., June 10, 1902 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities -of
subsistence supplies, • delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses ln San Franoisco, Cal
as per circular to be seen at this office, will
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tues-
day, July 1. 1902, and opened immediately
thereafter in presence of bidders. Speclflca-
, tions. general instruction to bidders and
blank form of proposal will be furnished to
established dealers on application to W. H
BALDWIN, Major,- Commissary, U. S.
Army, Purchasing Commissary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., June 10, 1902— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 20, 1902
.and then opened, for Grading, Building
Roads, Drains, etc., at Fort Rosencrans
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, ln whole or in part
Preference given to articles of -domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality - (in-
cluding in the - price . of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to D. D. WHEELER, Deupty Quar-
termaster General, Chief - Q. M.
POSTOFFICE Department, Washington, D. C,
March 28. 1902. — Mail Catchers and Deliver-
ers Intended for the Purpose of Effecting the
Exchange of Mails with ¦ Moving Trains.—
Sealed proposals from patentees or their as-
signees for the sale or use of patented de-
< vices Intended to effect the exchange of mails
with moving trains will be received at this
Department until noon on Wednesday, the
20th ot August, 1902. All proposals must be
made in . accordance with the specifications,,
which can'be obtained from the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General. H.C. PAYNE,
Postmaster General.
ST. DOMINIC S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem- high mass for the da-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
•relatives of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, Juna 12, at
9 o'clock. ..- ¦ i
C7 Friends and companions of the Loyal
Lesion are invited to attend the funeral at
10 o'clock to-day, June 11, at St Dominic's
Church, Bush and Steiner streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of the soul of the deceased. Interment
private. i
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street between Fifth and Sixth, and thenca
to Cypres3 Lawn Cemetery, where tha re-
mains will be cremated. <
TUPPER — In Oakland. June 10. 1902, Harvey
L., beloved husband of Eliza M. Tupper, and
father of Frank Tupper, a native of New
York, aged 72 years and 3 days.
WOHLENBERG — In South San Franciaco,
June 10. 1902, Max Wohlenberg, beloved
husband of Nellie Wohlenberg, a native of
California, aged 29 years.
WOODS — In this city, June 9, 1902, Georga
Worth Woods, medical director U. S. N., re-
tired, a native of New Bedford, Mass., aged
64 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1535 Bryant street,
thence to St Charles Borromeo's Church,
where a solemn requiem - high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock., Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMAS— In this city. June 9, 1902. ! James
S. Thomas, a native of Louisiana, aged 62
years 11 months and 25 days. A member of
Garfield Lodge No. 25, K. of P., of Pom-
eroy. Wash.
|[7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
June 12. 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage.
POINTER — In thla city. June 9, 1902. Mary
J., beloved wife of Henry Pointer, mother of,
George, Adallne and Edward Pointer, daugh-
ter of James and Rose Dunne, and sister of
Sadie, Rose, John and the late James Dunne,
a native of San Francisco.
{E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lata-
residence, 424 Noe street, near Seventeenth,
thence to Our Savior's Scandinavian Lu-
theran Church. Howard street between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, where services will
commence at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
PETTET— In this city, June 10. 1902. Susan
B. Pettet a native of New York, aged 63
years and 5 months.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors
of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PESCIA — In this city, June 8. 1902, Maria,
dearly beloved mother ot the late Dr. Joseph,
Pescia and Mrs. Caterina Paladinl. and
sister of Mrs. Serafina Valente, and grand-
mother of Mrs. M. L. Perasso, a native of.
Italy, aged 75 years 3 months and 12 days.
(Baltimore, Md., papers please copy.)
(CyFuneral takes place Wednesday. Juna
11, at 10 o'clock, from her late residence.
1427 Mason street, near Broadway, thenca
to Italian Church of Sta. Peter and Paul,
where at 10:30 o'clock mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Please
omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PETERSEN— In this city, June 8, 1902. Peter,
beloved husband of Helena G. Petersen, a
member of Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O. U.
W., and Friendship Lodge No. 1731. K. of
H., a native of Fredrikstad,- Norway, aged,
73 years 1 month and 27 days. (Watertown,
S. Dak., and El Paso, Texas, papers pleas*
copy.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MORRISSON— In Oakland. June 10, 1002, Mrs.
Nancy A. Morrisson. mother of Mrs. James
A. Moore and Mrs. Mary Matthews, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 62 years 8 months and
20 days.
NELLIS— In this city. Jun* 9. 1902. Colborne-
S.. beloved husband of 3Iargaret A. Nellls.
a native of Canada.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
June 12. .1902. at 10 o'clocJc. from her late
residence, 731 Vallejo streft. thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where a
. requiem high mass will bo said for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HITE— In this city. June 10, 1902. Cecelia A..
beloved wife of J. R. Hite, and sister of
Mrs. J. Haiuman and the late Mary Blen-
nerhassett, a native of Virginia, aged 43
years. • ?> ;
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co..- 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment private in Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11 .SO o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
DUNN— In this city, June 9, 1902. Mary, relict
of the late Cornelius Dunn, and sister of
Mrs. P. Lyons and Thomas Stanton and the
late Brldset Stanton. Ellen Stanton and
Catherine Shea, a native of County Oalway.
Ireland. (New York papers please copy.)
ETThe funeral will . take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 312% Tehama street, thence to St
Patrick's Church, where a requiem hlsa
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERRANTE— In this city. June 0, 1902. Irene,
dearly beloved wife of Salvatore Ferrante,
loving daughter of Maria Denegri and the
late G. B. Denegri, and sister of Tony, Ro-
milda, Dlsmo. Ricardo. Elvira and Elena
Denegri, a native of San Francisco, aged 2«
years 3 months and 20 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2230A Folsom street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to St. Charlea
Borromeo's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
DONOHUE— In this city, June 0, 1902. Mag-
gie, beloved wife of Michael Donohue, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 50 years. •
t-^" Funeral private.
CORNEPS— In this city, June 10, 1002. Ber-
nard F.. beloved husband of Mary Corneps.
father of Ethel M. Corneps. only son of Mrs.
L. C. Ranck, and brother of Mrs. C. Rleter.
Mrs. H. Siedenburg and Mrs. R. Sledenburg.
a- native of Redwood City, agedv37 years -i
months and 3 days.
Antloch, a native of Antloch, Cal., aged 27
years and 6 months.
CLEVELAND— In this city, June 10, 1902,
Mrs. Dr. C. D. Cleveland.Talk over the details while yon lunch at
the Cafe Zinkand. *
In anticipation of the wedding Pfaff had
rented a house and had it stocked with
provisions. The marriajre feast which had
been planned remained untouched, but
Pfaff and the girl protest they will yet
be made one.
Last night the girT's father, a grizzled
old rancher, arrived In the city with a
Ceputy Sheriff from Brentwood. They
had an irregular warrant charging the
would-be bride with a misdemeanor, but
$x> charge was made against Pfaff. Smith,
V^ 1^ says his daughter Is only 17 years
of age. Captain iiartin at once released
Pfaff, but consented to hold the- girl in
custody until morning, when her father
says he will take her home.
The giri says, they were to be married
tT;o years ago when she reached the ago
of IS. but on her mother's promise to give
consent to the nuptials when she was IS,
slit-, agreed to wait. On June 4 dhe claims
to have reached the urescrlbed age and
took the matter in her own hands by
coming to San Francisco yesterday. She
met her betrothed and together.they went
to the Marriage License Office, where they
•were arrested on a. telephone request from
the Sheriff of Contra. Costa. County, who
promised to forward a "warrant for PfaflTs
arrest for abduction.
I/ore's yoxjng' dream "was interrupted
Tritb. a jolt yesterday when the yearning
hearts 'of Joe W. PfaiT and Alice W.
Smith, were held asunder by the strong
arm ot the police on request of the Sheriff
of Contra Costa County. The pair have
been devoted to one another for the past
four years, although at the incipiency of
the courtship the girl could not hare been
more than 14 years old, "while the man is
well along toward middle age. Miss
Bnrith's parents,; -who live at Brentwood,
Loid strong- objections to their daughter
¦wedding Pfaff, partly because-.they are
temperance people anJ" his name sounds
like LIo\vi::s the foafii oil a glass of beer,
and partly because of the disparity in.
ages. Othervrrise they. Thinlr Plaff, who Is
a drivrr employed at the X?mporlum,
•would do fairly well for a son-in-law.
Brentwpod Maiden Runs
Away From Home to
Get Married.
POLICE BAFFLE
PLAN OF CUPID
Bekins Van and Storage Co. have 100 locked
rooms tor household roods. Office 630 Markat. •
The Secretary of the Treasury has made
a ruling that the smuggling law with its
fines and penalties does not apply In the
case of goods coming from the Philip
pines, i They may be held for the duties
and released when the same axe paid.
No Smuggling From Philippines.
Adems' Hair Restorer promotes growth, re
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 50c •
To the ' Lovers of Art.
We are' in a position and have the nec
essary" materials for framing all stylo
pictures with perfect artistic harmony
and at the lowest prices.- We are picture
framers in the true sense of the word,
creators of real artistic wall hangings,
and are painstaking in the treatment of
every picture for the best possible results.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Sauer Escapes With Fine.
George Bauer, a non-union iron molder,
who, while In the employ of the San
ary, was fined $50 ' by Judge Graham yes
terday. Sauer withdrew his plea of not
guilty to a- charge of assault to commit
murder and pleaded guilty to simple as
sault..
If the Armour Packing Company per
sists in selling the cheaper substitute for
butter, Its attention will.be called to the
fact that it is undermining the butter
business of the merchants who handle its
lards, hams and other commodities. While
these merchants do not intend to convey
a threat of boycotting the Armour
Packing Company, the threat is Implied.
They will not tolerate the destruction of
one of the chief industries of the State.
Statistics show that the dairy produce
business amounts to $19,000,000 annually
and this is second only to the mineral out
put of the State.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Dairy
Exchange yesterday the matter wasdia
cussed at length. A committee, composed
of Messrs. W. H. Roussel, . F. ,H. Brig
ham and Thomas Hodse, was appointed
to investigate the matter, and do every
thing in its power to prevent the intro
duction of oleomargarine into this State.
The committee prepared the following let
ter and sent It to The Call for publica
tion: . ¦ .
SAN" FRANCISCO. June 9, 1902.
Ban Francisco Call — Gentlemen: At a meet
ing of the board of directors of the San Fran
cisco Dairy Exchange held this afternoon It
¦was resolved to take some action against the
sale of oleomargarine on the Pacific Coast,
and ?. committee was appointed to devijr ways
and means best suited to the interests of the
dairymen in preventing the introduction or
this substitute for butter in our markets. The
committee then held a meeting and decided
that in view of the fact that the San Francisco
Call took the first steps in warning the public
against the introduction of the substitute. It
would be In touch with the situation to express
our views through the columns of your paper
It is the intention of the committee to com
municate with the Humboldt and Los Angeles
creamery exchanges, asking their cc-operatlon
in arriving at the best method of preventing
the sale of this article, so dangerous to the
dairy industry. For a number of years the
State of California has been free from the sale
of oleomargarine. This was due to the strin
gent State laws pertaining to the sale and
manufacture of the same. It Is our idea that
through the pressure of your paper the present
laws can be made operative by having the
money appropriated annually utilized for the
purpose it is intended for. Instead of its being
turned back Into the treasury, as is shown
from the report of the bureau herewith handed
you, and marked on pages 26 and 27. "We have
at the present time no active Inspector and we
are standing on very, dangerous ground, when
considering the ravages that might be made
into our butter trade by the use of oleo
margarine. Tours very truly,
W. H. ROUSSBI*
F. H. BRIGHAM.
THOS. HODGE,
" ._ _^ Committee.
The announcement made by the
Armour Packing Company that it
would push the sale of oleomar
garine in this State is looked upon
with disfavor by the members . of
the San Francisco Dairy Exchange
and similar organizations. They intend
having the sale of the article prohibited
if possible. There Is a statute that does
not. permit of the sale of oleomargarine,
colored to imitate butter, in this State
and if the big packing company makes
such an attempt the Dairy Commission
ers, Messrs. John A. Bliss, Dr. Flint and
John Fleming, will be called upon to pros
ecute the corporation.
Merchants Are Opposed
to Its Introduction
Here.
OLEOMARGARINE
IS NOT DESIRED
The budget, which was adopted, showed
that the total amount of salaries, includ
ing the Wilmerdlng School and scholar
ships, was $358,881 66. .
Current expenses were shown to be
$216,251 52.
Albert Bonnheim of Sacramento wrote
a letter to the Regents in which he made
the proposition that an annual debate be
held between the University of California
and Stanford University on some subject
In ethics and he offered for that purpose
a prize of $250, with the suggestion that it
could be divided between the three speak
ers on the winning side. Mr. Bonnheim
said that In the president's judgment the
debate should not, take place between the
universities, but between speakers of the
University of California. Such a decision
would be quite agreeable to him.
Another new appointment U that of J.
A. Winans as assistant professor of pub
lic speaking at. a salary of $1400. The
same pay was decided upon for an assist
ant professor of psychology.
During the executive meeting it was de
cided to add to the library of the univer
sity three, assistants and a new depart
ment in chemistry will be opened under
F. G.. Cottrell. ' •
A fitting resolution bearing on the death
of the late Mr. Sloss and his long services
to the university will be drawn up by
Regentte Charles S. Wheeler, Houghton
and Hellman.
Dr. F. B. Dressier was empowered to
act as head of the department of educa
tion during Dr. Brown's absence, which
will be until next August.
NEW PROFESSORS.
An additional appropriation of $2850 was
asked for in ' order that the work of ex
tending the library might proceed during
the vacation. It had been found that the
cost would be $7850 and the appropriation
thus far had only been $5000. The matter
was. xef erred . to_ the flnance committee,
with power to act. . ¦
Mr. Welnstock of Sacramento wrote of
fering preferred stock In the Weinstock-
Lubln Real Estate Company to the
amount of $5000, guaranteeing.at the same
time a revenue, of 7 per cent,, for the
establishing of a lectureship similar, to the
Ingersoll lecture in Harvard- known as
"Morals of Trade." ,
Dr. Robert A- McLane was made profes
sor emeritus - and it was"* determined "to
dispense with the departnrent-of nervou3
diseases. •
President Wheeler announced with much
regret the resignation of Or. Goddard of
the faculty of the dental college, the rea
son 1 being ill health and private interests.
The' Regents by a unanimous vote ex
pressed sorrow at the resignation and -in
conceding to the doctor's wish gave voice
to nis valuable services that had been ap
preciated for the last twenty years.
Hiram Van Kirk was appointed lecturer
on ancient history without pay, as that
gentleman had suggested, his voluntary
services to commence during the ensuing
year. / • ¦ . . '
The finance committee had referred to it
for consideration • tho- advisability of
charging a special fee to students who
asked for. special examination. It was
often the practice of students to absent
themselves from examination, owing to
social matters, and it was deemed that
a fee for special examinations would re
duce the number.
Arthur Wellington Gray, class of '36,
was accepted as a Whiting fellow in
physics.
The class of '92 sent $125 to the library
fund, for which. a vote of thanks was
adopted. ¦
Five thousand dollars was voted for a
department of physiology, which carries
with it the acceptance of $8000, a gift from
Dr. M. Hertzsteln. - -
DE. GODBARD . RESIGNS.
Ten dollars was received as an annual
contribution from a donor who requested
that his name should not be announced.
Last year he sent $5 and " each year he
hopes to be able to increase his gift.
The loan fund of the class of 'S6 turned
over the balance; of $1850 to the Regents.
There are > now outstanding loans to the
amount of $840 In addition to the above
sum. :.
¦ On motion of the president thanks were
tendered Yale University for the gift of
twenty-three volumes of the university
centennial publication and to Rabbi Voor
sangcr for $500, /which sum represented the
annual contribution of women • of the
Temple Emanu-El '. in support of Semitic
languages. The ."correspondence also an
nounced that the women of the temple
were raising a fund to endow a permanent
chair of such languages.
There I were present Regents Chester
Rowell, chairman ; President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, Garret
McEnerney, Charles S. Wheeler, J. F.
Houghton, Thomas J. Kirk, George C.
Pardee, John; E. Budd, I. W. Hellman,
Guy C. Earl.Dr. Elllnwood, A. Taussig
and Foster. . .
The whole of the afternoon was passed
considering the budget and recommenda
tions made by President Wheeler.
A meeting of. the Regents of the Uni
versity of . California' was held yesterday
at the Hopkins Art Institute.
Students Asking for Special
Examinations May Have
to Pay Fee.
Regents Vote to Employ
Some Additional
Pedagogues.
NEW PROFESSORS
F0R UNIVERSITY
The district clubs - of the Republican
Primary League will meet for the purpose
of organization this evening at the follow
ing places: . ....•¦. ; '
Twenty-elghtli — Occidental j ' Pavilion, 2U
Third street. • ¦'•¦¦
Twenty-ninth — Music Hall. ' 927 Mlssior
street. • ¦ • - : •
Thirtieth— Belvedere Hall, : 105 Ninth street.
Thirty-nrst— Druids' Hall. Fourteenth and
Folsom street*. . • ¦ - ( •
Thirty-second — Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth Btreet and Potrerp avenue.
Thirty-third — Falrmount Hall, 26 Preciu
avenue, corner Mission street. . ¦ , .
Thirty-fourth — Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth
and No« street*. .
Thirty-fifth— 3250 Twenty-Becond ' street,"; cor
ner Bartlett.
Thirty-sixth — Harmony Hall, 1749 Mlssior
street, entrance on Erie street.
Thirty-seventh — Devisadero Halt, 317 Devia.
£dero street, ' . ¦¦ . •
Thirty-eighth— Pcrwers ; Hall, 1036 Pierct
street.
Thirty-ninth — Northeast corner of Fllben
and Fillmore • streets.
Fortieth— Bear Club Hall. Post and Fillmow
streets.
Forty-flrst — Northeast corner of Filbert and
Fillmore streets.. - ¦¦•' . ¦
Forty-second — Saratoga Hall, 814' Gear}
street. ' ' • '
Forty-third— Balboa Hall, N. B..G. W. build
lnp. 414 Mason street.
Forty-fourth— Universal Hall, 102 CFarrell
street.
. Forty-fifth — Washington Square Hall, south
west corner. Union and Stockton •streets.
District Clubs to Organize.
Intelligence comes from the - interioi
that the opposition to Gage is growing
stronger every day. In every nook anc
corner of California voters say that th<
State has had enough of Gage, Kevan<
and Aguirre. Candidates who were * onc«
eager for the favor of Gage are now go
Ing out of their way to explain that thej
are in no sense associated with the Gag<
machine. It is said that the Governoi
has gone to Los Angeles to look up somi
San Quentin • furniture that happens . t<
be out on "parole." ' r . . . .
The Gage forces in San' Francisco are
few in numbers and weak in 3pirit. All
efforts to patch up a. truce for bringing
together Burns, Crimmins, Kelly- and
Herrin have failed. Burns and Kelly are
working together to hold Clifford McCiel
lan in place as secretary of the County
Committee. Crimmins, assisted by Her
rin. Is scheming to displace McClellan and
put in Pat Prendergast. .
State Senators John F. Davis of Ama
dor, William, M. Cutter of Yuba, C. B.
Greenwell of Ventura and Thomas Flint
of San Benlto are In the city. R. N.
Bulla of Los Angeles, Alex Brown . of
Calaveras and Samuel Thornton of El Do
rado were at the Union League yesterday.
N. Blackstock and E. B. Edson, Railroad
Commissioners, and C. W. Pendleton, ex-
Speaker of the ABsembly, are also I in
town. ¦ - . . • -
The Republican convention of Colusa
County has elected the following dele
gates to the State convention: William
Ash, B. H. Mitchell and E. i C. Barrell.
The delegation is against Gage. It is
common gossip in political circles that
Gage is practically out of the race for the
gubernatorial nomination. Word comes
from the north that Humboldt County
will send an unpledged delegation of
leading men to the convention. The
bosses early in the campaign counted on
Humboldt and Santa Clara, but will not
be able to handle the delegates of either
county.
Thomas Greely. Lieutenant Curtln, Ueutenant
O' Dea, Sergeant Hurley, J. J. Rellly, George
Weinholz and G. Morille '
WORKMAN FALLS
FROM SCAFFOLD
"I'll drive one more- nail before' I knock
off for lunch." : .' ' . ; '
The whistles were sdifhding the noon
hour yesterday as P. B. Christensen, a
carpenter, made the foregoing remark to
his brother-in-law, Theodore Hein. They
were standing on a scaffold twenty feet
from the ground on a new building being
erected at 556 Lombard street. Christen
sen struck the nail one blow with the
hammer and the next instant ¦ his foot
slipped, causing him to lose his balance
and fall off the plank. He. struck the
ground on his head, fracturing the skull
and dying instantly.
Hein was almost thrown off the scaf
folding and It was as much : as he-could
do to maintain his footing. He informed
the Coroner's deputies. Meehan and
Frank Murphy,- that ¦ Christensen was
wearing a pair of new shoes for the first
•time 'and that the smooth, stiff soles
caused. him to sIId. .
Christensen was a native of California,
2S years, old. He resided with his sister
arid his brother-in-law at 112 Wool street
Tosemite Via' the Santa Fe.
" The' quickest and rcost convenient way in
and cut of the YoiemiteYValley. i s by way ot
the Banta Fe. If you leave 'San FrancUco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Tosemtte to-morrow at 5 p; m.
. Call at Santa F« ticket otflc«,» 641 Market
street,' for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. , ,-'',' , •
POPULAR PRIEST WHO IS
. THE PASTOR OF ST. JOHN'S
CHURCH. V
Commissioner Blackstock made a mo
tion, which was adopted, that a committee
be appointed to draw up a document to
answer as clearly as possible the eight
square-from-the-shoulder questions that
the executive head of the State of Wash
ington would like to have answered. The
committee is composed of Commissioner
Blackstock and Secretary Sesnon.
After Governor McBride's letter had
been read by Secretary Sesnon and thor
oughly digested by the Commissioners,
the -weight of responsibility that rested on
their shoulders was evident, and Governor
Gage's diplomatic move, known in slang
as "passing the buck," was not appreci
ated.
Another question was: "Has the estab
lishment of a Railroad Commission been
effective In bringing the railroad compa
nies and the people closer together?"
Thus the questions went on, each one of
them more . embarrassing than the other.
Another puzzler was: "Has the Railroad
Commission accomplished good results?"
Governor McBride's questions are cer
tainly to the point, the solar plexus one
being: "Has the establishment of a Rail
road Commission in your State been ef
fective in divorcing railroad companies
from politics V It Is certainly a very
pointed question and when read yesterday
by the Railroad Commissioners had toe
effect of making tlie members cough anJ
cast their eyes to the ceiling. Governor
McBride's innocence was most refreshing
to the Commissioners.' f
The usually dry and matter of fact
monthly meeting of the Railroad Commis
sioners was replete with humor yester
day. Governor Gage was recently the re
cipient of a letter from Governor McBride
of "Washington stating that the people of
"Washington were seriously considering
the advisability of establishing a Railroad
Commission similar to the one in Califor
nia Governor McBride, in this letter,
asked eight interesting questions relative
to the Railroad Commission in California.
After reading the letter It is supposed
that Governor Gage thought it was too
hard a nut for him to, crack and he for
warded • the communication to the Rail
road Commissioners 'it* this city, through
his secretary, W. H. X)av}s,. asking U:em
to furnish the rfeiily. ' '
MACHINE FORGES
GETTING WEAKER
Dancing — Captain Joseph Wesplear . (floor
manager), Dennis Clarke (assistant floor man
ager), Benjamin Bogue, Joseph 1 : McDevitt,
Games — Thomas Myers, J. J. Rellly, Joseph
McDevltt, William Huling, John Tamony, Vic
tor GoodwIn.Thonias 'VThearty, ' John Murphy,
Thomas Gre-ley, P. Claffy, J. Blythe, . M.
Quirk, T. M'nahan and Captain E. O'Connor.
Jig dancing — John Murphy, J. McNerney, P.
Grady, Thomas Minahan, J. Tamony and P.
Claffy. ..
Printing — Captain J. Wesplear, Thomas Min
ahan and Dennis Clarke.
Music — Dennis Clarke, N. "Welnholz and Cap
tain J. Wesplear.
ONE of the most notable outings.. of
the year will take place to-mor
row at Fernbrook Park, Niles
Canyon. The members of St.
John's parish will lay aside their
business cares and troubles and journey
to the beautiful park, there to make
merry with song and dance till the set
ting of the sun. '
• A meeting of the various committees- in
| charge of the picnic was held last Sun
| day night and the final preparations . for
i the important event were discussed and
! arranged for. Father Brady, pastor ot
I St.* John's parish, is a most energetic
I worker and has been constantly laboring
j to make the picnic the most, enjoyable
1 that has ever been given by the parish.
The officers of the day -and those who
will have charge of the outing are as fol- .
lows: . .-_.. .-.. ¦ , . j » .«' W ''
j ¦'» Chalrfian. Rev.\w. •" BuUer; vice * pre&td«nC, .
"William Hullng; treasurer, Rev.; P. ,D. . Brady;
j secretary. Captain Joseph Wesplear. "• * ¦" " -
j Committee on pate^ — N. "Welnholz, M. Quirk,
Captain B. C.Connor,- Thomas Whearty, Thom-
I as Greeley, Joseph Johnson, P. ClaHy, Wll
l 11am McKeon, J. J. Rellly, G. Morille and J.
j McNerney. ,.
Governor of Washington
State Is Refreshingly
Innocent.
HIS QUESTIONS
ARE UNANSWERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JIJNE 11, 1902.
Father Brady; Will Lead Flock to Niles
Canyon To-Mbrrow, Where the Day Will
Be Spent in Dancing and Merry-Making
ST. JOHN'S PARISHIONERS
WILL HOLD GRAND OUTING
14
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
We. beg to notifg our customers and
the public generallD that, commenc-
ing MontaB, June 9th, we will
have a SPECIAL SALE OF SATIN
STRIPED FRENCH PRINTED
These Chalgs are all in the ¥erg
latest designs and colorings fop 1902
and were imported to sell at 85c
Our Mail Order Department Is most complete. All
orders for samples op goods rilled and snipped same dau
tneu are received.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Dry Thin and Falling Hair and Red
Rough Hands Prevented by
MILLIONS use Ccticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment^
for preserving, purifying, and beautifying tlie skin, for cleans-
ing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping
ofif ailing hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red,
rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, in the
form of baths for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free
or offensive perspiratio'n, in the form of washes, for ulcerative weak-
nesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic cleansing purposes which
readily suggest themselves to women, especially mothers, and for all
the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Cuticura Soap com-
bines delicate emollient properties derived from Cuticura Ointment, 1
the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and
the most refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated soap is t6
be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap,
however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of
the toilet, batlj, and nursery. Thus it combines in One Soap at One
Peice, the best skin and complexion soap, and the best toilet and
baby soap in the world. . j
COMPLETE EXTERKAL AKD INTERNAL TREATKEMT FOR EVERY HUMOUR, $1.00.
¦t^ » 9 Conrtsting of CtrncuKA Soaf, 25c, to cleanse the skin of cruets
/^VTJb TS<f*HinT*Q and »e»le8and soften the thickened cuticle ; Cuticdka Ointment,
si & » iL (1 \L) aJ H £& 50c., to instantly allay itching, Inflammation, and irritation, and
eooth e and heal; and Concrnu. Kesolvext Pills, 25c., to cool
•w-L.-, Oaf Cl ftnd cleanse the blood. A Single Set is often sufficient to cure
I lie 961 Oi torturing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes, and Irritations,
with loos of hair, irhen all else fails. Sold throughout the ¦world.- British Depot: 27-23,
ChiJterhooBe Sq., I/ondon. French Depot: 5 Rue de la Palx, Paris. Pottkb Dbug and
Chem. COKP-, Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A^ ¦
miTinilDk DECnilfE&IT DIIIC (ChocoUto Coated) are a new, tasteless,
LUIIullHA nLOULVfcnH rlLLO odorless, economical substitute for the cele-
brated liquid Coticcba. Essolvent, as well as all other blood purifiers and humour
cures. Put up In screw-capped pocket vials, containing 60 doses,' price, 25c. CuncunA.
Pills are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and beyond question the purest.
(¦ vreetost, most successful and economical blood and Blfin purifiers, humour cures, arwl
tonic-digestives yet compounded. .* - ' -
THREE DAYS. BEST • GROCERIES.
QUEEN LILY SOAP. 10c bara 4 for S5o
At Faber's only.
SAPOLIO, 4 CAKES 25c
OLIVE OIL, Imported 45c pt. bottle SOo
Half Gallon. l)5c. Pure Lucca.
BOSTON BAKED BEANS, 10c CANS 5c.
SWEET CHOCOLATE. Baker's or Ghlrardel-
ll's. 8 cakes 25o
Best to eat. Good to drink. Usually 5c atraight
HUSH'S GINGER ALE EXTRACT, PKG. 5c.
TOILET PAPER, medicated, larger 10c squares,
6 for Z5o
F\ill count, pure tissue, at half-price.
"WILSON RYE "WHISKY. QT. »Oc.
HORSESHOE "WHISKY. 90c qt. bottle.... S5o
Our leader. Always the same good quality.
SANTA CLARA PRUNES, 7 LBS 25c.
BEST TABLE BUTTER, choice of creamery,
squares 35o
Butter always 5c or 10c lower at Faber's.
DUFFY'S OR CASTLE MALT "WHISKY. 75e.
TABLE CLARET 5 years old. rich, gal...4Oe
5 gat J?l.«5. Sample at store.
YOU SAVE Yi ON ALL OUR LIQUORS.
SWEET WINES, Port, Sherry, Angelica;
gallon SSc
7 years old. Mild tonic wines. Usually SI 23.
MILLER "WHISKY. GAL. $1.85.
NEW JELLY AND JAM, home made, glass....
lOo
Mrs. Faber personally Invites you to visit
her preserving kitchen; over 20,000 glasses last
season. Taylor-st. store.
110 TAYLOR ST., also MCALLISTER and
FILLMDRE STS.
' Telephone or Mall Your Orders.
All-wool Suits to Order
Fine Dressy Suits to ilijfesMa
$20.00. illilsFll
Pants $4.50 up. K^SS-Ia £X
Joe Poheim, < li8r
THE TAILOR, WM
1110 and 1112 Market St. H$W
201 and 203 Mont'y St. mm
143 South Spring St., flH}.*— ?-?<».
. ' Los Angeles. MHisvviiR/
Perfect Fit Guaranteed
or No Sale. f2p>^
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City, St. Louis, Chicago, New York Boiton
•ddrew^ 318 ™ P ° lnt "- r fuU taforSSSS
FLETCHER.
126 California SftSl^g'&L
, We okEye«8tPsmlthinsd.
Gainful or Inflamed eye* la-
3JSSJ«Bfe «antly relieved with GtluRLia
?feTS?*"^ 1 JJAxERLK'S German Ey«
T&ffM^ Water. 80c. at 1071 Mark**
T/"»KN it. Tel. touth 572. Non» *.a-
' "l"« without "thla trademark.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNY AND WASHINGTON 8TS.— RE-
r-n m ° deled *nd renovated. KINO. WARD A
««?*? r °P eaa Plan- Rooms. 60c to *1 60 day;
l n * » *? *??*'• W *o'*20 month. Free baths
hot and cold water every room: fire grate* la
every room; elevator runs all night. ». •"¦•?,
/J A Bff TV Bed "» Chair*,., 8to-?e«, Kta.
I A la/1 8 B Ter '» tor Beat and tor Sale.
1 /Q ji I EJ' Guns, Rifles. Flshln* Tackls
k J A-ft 111 |- *i>d SperUoc. Goods. 9end
VlXil A JL 'or Catalogue. SHREVE *
BARBER CCK. 73» Ifarkst
•t., and SUKeuai M.
<*£* . _ -A
Fy^j~™~^ p™™ 1 ™ JJJ YOUR OWN HOME j
I Reh t ? PAY NO INTEREST.
r| "Buy where you wish; build according to' your own ideas and have |
I : your. own contractor do the work.. The Pacific . Home Co-operative I
[I I Company offers thejjest plan, as well as easiest. You own your own |
H '.home by' making rental payments. I
D • • . ; • ¦ S San Francisco, Cal., May 31st, 1902. 1
El, Pacific Home Co-Operative Co., City. a
H Gentlemen: ' - > |
H ... . In acknowledgment of the efficiency of your Company, I beg to say 9
H . that in February last I took out five contracts with your Company^ ac- |
H quiring two others later, and am now in possession of my new $7000 §
g home." Iwish especially to thank you and your fellpw officers for your I
H "kind personal attention to all matters relating to the purchase' of this 1
|J . property. . * . . • U
H- Wishing you all success, I beg to remain, I
i? - ! Very truly yours, |
H D. Y. Iddings, No. 214 Leavenworth St., City. a
|j , Location of house mentioned is 2245 Union St, near Fillmore. U
H The above letter is a proof of what'ean be done for you if you will let 5
H us assist you. We are not connected iVaxsy way with any other company, g
I 'i ¦:'!? i?'- Pacific Home Co-6per.!tiv2 Co. I
Incorporated Under State Laws and Licensed by Building and loan Commission. H
„„ Room 400, Callaghan Bldg., 1312 Market Street, San Francisco. RJ
or v Te , n . th o Bt «'eet. Oakland. •:_ ., - 324% South Spring street, Loa Angeles. H
20 North Second street. San Jose. 5 South Hunter street Stockton. H
1 ¦ • ¦..¦ 433 J street, Fresno. . . M
Agrenta wanted. -".V.v. ; :- T v j ' -' Ej
oztf their- S^^S^B^
The Nature of the Stock to Be Closed Out.
The price of every piece of jjoods in the entire establishment
greatly reduced. The entire stock is crisp, fresh and up-to-date.
The styles are right and the staple goods are the best that the
world produces. The stock to be sold consists of
Readj«aa& Sails and Cloaks, Waists, Corsets, Laces, Neckwear,
Notions, Embroideries, Etc.
Over 30poo yards of 1902 dress Over 6000 dozen sheets and pil-
goods. ::- ] ow cases.
Z 1S -nf° 72x6s ° f nCW Orcr 1000 pairs of fine wool
raer silk. hia«1<-<*«
CK-er 33,000 yards of the latest o • °T~L A t £i
wash fabrics; Ovcr 5<>,ooo yards of ribbons.
Over 20/xo yards of staple O vcr 20.000 pairs of stockings.
muslins. Over 10,000 pairs of gloves.
Remember that every day of the sale will see an exhibition of
different goods, so if you can afford to come every successive day
I yon can expect to see something yon did not see the day before.
I Dress goods and domestics on safe at Market-street stcre only— at/
J other goods to be sold at both Poit~ttreet and Market-street stores.
¦^"l07-109 Pul 1 JLjTT"* l| HHiBBi fc g^ r^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.