Continued on Page Two.
¦] Tembio'rs in Southern* Portugal:
" {LISBON, 'May 18.— Earthquakes are're
piartod'from .the southern part v of 'Portu 7
gal.", but no' fatalities <have occurred. • The
disturbances .are i supposed «to -have • been
connected with. the upheavals in the
Indies. ¦— - — • •- - - •• y-~~- r - .
PORT AU_ PRINCE,^ Haytl,. May,- 17.-
The Cuban steamer Tomas Brooks, from
Jamaica, arrived here to-day, having on
beard' ' Callistheme' •¦- Fouchard and .. M.'
Pierre, ¦ candidates ' for - the Presidency- .Vf
Hay ti, and all .the other persons '.who
• have beenin exile at. Kingston.. Shortly
after landing the exiles" met'a 'number of
their supporters, by "- whom v they,, were
' oordlally received. They were advised to
be "calm; > Fouchard': and /Pierre said " th*»y
were ready to accept every decision of tho
•pepplef '¦ ¦ r :\"-. ' . .' ';. "¦ ," ; ; ' : '•' \
Exiles : Keturn to i Hay ti.
Suraez is - notorious for, the part, he
played in an ; attempted outrage upon the
Lopez was examined before a magis
trate and declared that the man who gave
him the cartridges and told him to throw
them when the royal coach passed was
Francisco Suraez. ;¦'
After these arrests it was learned that
Gabriel Lopez, a doorkeeper of an assur
ance company situated in the Carrera San
Geronimo, on- the route of yesterday's
rgyal procession and near the Chamber of
Deputies/had a number of cartridges, be
lieved to be dynamite. In his possession,
and be was arrested at 3 o'clock this
morning.
have had an Inkling of an anarchist plot
against the King since last March, and in
April they discovered an anarchist meet
ing place in a fashionable quarter of
Madrid. Three Andalusian anarchists ar
rived here May 2 and were arrested
shortly after their arrival.
— --A.DRID, May 18.— An an
/¦ /B archlst P lot against King Al
/ If/ K fonso has been discovered
/ W m and a number of arrests, ln-
A. f JL eluding that of Gabriel' I<o-
pez, an employe of an. in
surance company, have been made. Dyna
mite cartridges were found on the'prem
ises whye Lopez was arrested. Lopez
¦ays he received a package of cartridges
from another anarchist with instructions
to throw them at the moment of the pas
gage of the royal carriage In yesterday's
procession.
The discovery of the plot against the
King is confirmed by the newspapers. It
Is said that nine dynamite cartridges were
seized. The prisoners include six medical
students, a printer, a carpenter and a
mason.
The captured cartridges are being an
alyzed by the military authorities.
According to the newspapers, the police
According to the Heraldo, some vacil
lation was shown by certain men, who re
cently attended an anarchist meeting
here, whereupon, Carpentes.Paiacloa, one
of the anarchists taken into custody, said:
•JWe must decide, j 'At the King's oath
taking we must not allow . ourselves : to be
Four other men who have been arrested
do not deny being anarchists.
late Canovas del Castillo seven years ago,
when he accompanied an anarchist named
Ruiz, who intended to explode a bomb in
Ganovas del Castillo's garden. The bomb
exploded prematurely/Ruiz was killed
and Suraez was badly injured. He was
committed to prison for seven years and
was only recently liberated. Lopez was
confronted to-day with Suraez and ac
cused the latter of giving him the dyna
mite cartridges. This Suraez denied and
both men are detained. : ,
Special Cable to The Call' and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1902, by the Herald Publishing Company.
Police Make Mdny Arrests and Seize Dynamite Cartridges Which
One of the Prisoners Says He Was Commissioned
to Hurl at Alfonso.
, . "It hurt our eyes and choked us, and
the air. was so filled .with fine dust^that
we could not see a mile ahead," said .he.
¦One .of .' the officers of _.the . Horace,]de
scribed the storm of ashes. through which
they had -passed '"as being like. a' severe
snowstorm; with the thermometer at r 193
degrees. . ,
in St. Lucia," said an officer of.
the vessel, "I heard several residents tell
ing one another, that they believed the
destruction ' of St. Pirre - wad a terrible
punishment 1 sent by the Almighty on ac
count .of: the wickedness 'of- the -city. I
don't know about' divine, retribution, but
I do know that St.- Pierre was a pretty
bad iilace." ¦; • ; • - ' ;.'• ' < .
NEW .YORK, May 18.— Two, steamers,
the Etona and< the Horace, arrived here
this -morning and were the. first, vessels
reaching New York from the \Windwafd
Islands since the destruction of Sti Pierre
by the eruption of Mont Pelee. The Hor
ace-brings, information that ..the destruc
tion of St^ • Pierre is looked upon* by the
superstitious islanders as' a* judgment \of
God. ¦ ¦¦." y; -"-' '• •¦¦ ' - ''¦'"•¦'¦ v "¦''.':¦ V >- ;
ST. PIERBE A WICKED CITY.
SHIP . IS • SOON : ABLAZE.
."Fire soon broke out. in different parts
of the ship. -Screams,'- groans land shouts
'"I visited the captain of the'Roddam in
the hospital. in St. Lucia, where he gave
me an account of his terrible experiene?.
He had just i arrived \ and anchored "at St.
Pierre, Martinique,/ on 'the morning of
Thursday;' .May 8... The captain. wa3 stand
ing near, the accommodation 'ladder, talk
ing to the agent- of the vessel, -who had
come; on board," when he saw_ what ap
pear ed ¦ to be an "'¦ enormous black cloud
like a wall, with patches'pf fire .in it." ap
proaching the sea'^froni the' land. % With
it;came an -immense- tidal ;wave of burn
ing water, accompanied" by: a' loud and ter
rible noise. He' shouted, "Take shelter,'
to'the ; crew. Immediately.; the steamer
was caught and tossed 'over, on her. side,
almost ¦ capsizing; . Darkness fell' like a
pall, and volumes of : red-hot matter
showered down^: while the, air was thick
with sulphurous fumes' and dust. The sea
was a confused .mass-* of.- boiling -mud.
"At Stf Lucia, on May 11," says Captain
Canteil, "I went on -board the British
steamer Roddam, Which had escaped from
the terrible volcanic eruption at Martin
ique three* days before.' The state of the
"ship was enough "to .show that those on
board must ha\e undergone an/ awful ex
perience. The Roddam was covered byv a
mass of fine, bluish-gray dust, or ashes of
cement-like appearance. In some parts it
aay two 'feet deep on" the decks. ThU
matter had fallen 1 ' in a red-hot state upon
the steamer, setting; fire to everything' It
struck ' that .was burnable, and when It
fell on the. -men. on -'board It' burned off
pieces of flesh. - This was shown by the
finding of portions .of human x remains
when the'decks were cleared of the debris.
The rigging, ropes! tarpaulins, sails, awn
ings,' etc.,'/ were •. charred or burned, . and
most of 'the ; upper spars- had-been-swept
overboard.-. Sky lights were j smashed and
cabins were ' filled with volcanic dust.
coal'on'May 10.
¦jm.. ,'y EW YORK,". May 18.— The
/^k • / Norton line' steamer ! Etonia
/ - .arrived here, to-day from tho
A yf''-' RIver Platte, "via St. Lucia,
A. T where she called for bunker
•„ "In about two, hours the air became*
gradually clear." An investigation of the
casualties on board showed that, besides
" "As the air cleared the scene on board
the ill-fated Roddam became all the more
t;hastly. . The ship steamed on * through
thick, hot dust. The screams from the
injured became more audible. Some rush
ed frantically about with their clothes on #
fire and pieces of flesh, burned from their
arms; others in their agony lay writhing
in the red hot dust.
FEW ESCAPE UNHABMED.
"The captain . of the Roddam, knowing
the necessity of escape, rushed to the en
gine room annunciator and signaled be
low to start the erfglne at full speed. Th<a
anxious moments, increased by his suf
ferings from burns and agony of mind,
were relieved by the vibration of the en
gines and the reply from below. , It hap
pened, ' fortunately, that", although tho
crew had been running away from duty at
the engines, some of the engineers wero
near by. " The terrible tidal wave which
had swept over the Roddam and nearly
capsized her had parted the cable and the
vessel was adrift. ' When the engine*
started It was found that the steerin?
gear had become disabled in some man
ner and could not be worked. For nearly
an hour the Roddam's engineers were
backing and going ahead with the hope
of bringing her head toward the sea and
away from the land. Once she got dan
gerously near the steamer Roriama. Both
vessels were in flames. Some of those.
aboard jumped into the boiling water,
some fell dying to the deck. All this
time the red-hot matter was falling and
the -water .was hissing and steaming.
Smoke and dust filled the air, and poison-'
ous fumes spread about.
"After some time the. Roddam's steer
ing gear moved a little and enabled thi
captain to head her out to sea, and with
much difficulty he managed to steer her
a little distance, from the land.
of agony from the injured, mingled with
the terrible noise of boiling wateiv and
rushing air, together with the falling fire,
caused horrible confusion and ,fright- Tho
shock lasted a few minutes.
Burning Bodies Strew the Roddam's Deck
as She Flees From St. Pierre.
The Queen spent an hour yesterday
with Queen Margharlta and probably will
accompany her later on'a pilgrimage to
the Holy Land at the end of this month.
ROME, May 18.— Queen Natalie of Ser
via has been devotedly going the rounds
of the churches, giving herself up entire
ly to religious avocations. It is rumoied
that in her interview with the Pope she
expressed a desire to take the veil, but
his Holiness besought her to weigh well
so serious a step, lest she might after
ward change her mind.
QUEEN NATALIE LIKELY
TO TAKE THE VEIL
«^ORT DE FRANCE, May IS.—
g '/^T [Special Cable to the New.
'm V York World.]— I succeeded in
Jf , landing at St. ' Pierre*, from j
¦A. thesea' this afternoon) with
a . photographer. ¦, I . , found
thirty-nine papic-stricken y t men,\Cwpmen
and. children^wa>fing^eV-^' k ih^'vfljag and
pleading* to be ttiten,'. from. the! island: . It
was Impossible to ¦ give J them ''"supplies.
They fled from Morne^ Rouge ' last' night
and said the" Mont Pelee .volcano was j in
eruption all yesterday - and during jj j the
night. Eight hundred | residents of that
suburb started .to walk . -through V- the
to Fort de France, a distance
of fifteen miles. • ' ~' ' • "' • '». ; .
The streets in Fort de France are
crowded with refugees, mainly from the
inteVibr'townsI 1 - The "destruction' ~6f ' St.
Marie, five miles from Mont Pelee, is
feared. ... - " . • ; . , •' .V; \-
The bodies of Thomas T. Prentis, Amer
ican Consul, and James Japp, British
Consul, have been identified "and '"will * be
brought to Fort de France for shipment.
Both bodies were bruised almost beyond
recognition by. the fall of lava and stones.'
COUNTS HUNDREDS OF. .DEAD.
I counted in the ; streets of St. Pierre
432 bodies. One was that of a mother ly
ing with an infant in her arms. . Neither
body was scarcely. burned at all. 'I count
ed five bodies in the American Consulate
building, burned and crusl ed beyond rec
ognition. ; : I found' part of ah American
flag only four inches long; the rest was
burned. . y- , , ¦• ¦'.¦ ¦¦¦. , » -.
The streets are obstructed by walls of
rocks and. are covered from six to twenty
inches* deep by yellow; .volcanic dust.
There is not a single roof left in the town,
but surprisingly few of the houses were
completely . destroyed. -In the space /of
twenty feet in Rue' Victor Hugo, four
teen, bodies, all without markings and but
slightly burned, were found, and two men
and two women 'were wrapped in each
other's arms- • - '
Another man, apparently a white per
son, as if protecting a woman, 'was found
standing upright and "dead' at the> corner
near the Cafe Renan, clutching a dish in
one hand.' Two nuns, . fully? garbed but
crushed to death were > lying in .the'inte
rior of the convent.' The Colonial Bank
was almost completely .. destroyed, and'
$200,000 is said to be u^ider the ruins. The
statue of Josephine was not destroyed,
but it Is covered thick with ashes. ¦
LIKE A STOBM; OF SNOW.
. Mont Pelee is still in active eruption. A
thick volcanic dust, like snow, was] fall
ing heavily upoif the entire island of Mar
tinique at 6 o'clock this afternoon. People
living in the interior of the; island were
. ¦'¦ - * - ' :¦ W» -;;>•':•'::"
TOWN ON .THE OUTERMOST OF. THE WINDWARD ISLANDS. WHICH
-WAS COVERED BY VOLCANIC DUST FROM DISTANT LA SOU
FRIERE. AND A VIEW, OF THE CRATER OF MONT PELEE.
MINEOLA. Tex., May .18.— A, heavy
windstorm, followed by rain, visited Min
ecla this morning at 5 o'clock. Hundreds
of shade trees were torn up by the roots
and otherwise damaged. Several houses
were, blown from their foundations. The
roofs of a number of stores were badly
damaged, causing heavy losses in stocks
of goods. There was no loss of life.
Houses^Razed in Mineola.
¦ - The 'performance of Barnum & Bailey's
circus at, Toulon yesterday added 25,400
francs to the Martinique fund. - ¦
At. a special service for the dead, to 'be
held in St. Augustine Church, to-morrow,
Bishop . Cormont of Martinique, who - is
now in Paris,, will pronounce, absolution.
The commemorative service for the Mar
• Unique; dead, which was to have been
held at Notre Dame, has been postponed
because- of the absence -from France of
President Loubet, as this service- Was.in
tended to' be a high religious and state
function. /Appropriate ~ services' for the
Martinique- victims were .held * in' all
churches throughout France to-day and
collections to aid the sufferers were ta
ken up. ¦ .", :(. ¦ ',.': .."' "..-¦'¦ :
PARIS, May, 18.— At the j close of,, high
mass in all the Roman Catholic churches
in Paris this morning funeral psalms were
chanted and prayers for : the dead were
said in -memory of those who perished in
the Martinique disaster. The congrega
tions in the churches were large, and good
collections for the aid of the West Indian
sufferers were taken up. •
PRAYEES FOE THE DEAD.
Mineola," but the conductor on a train ar
riving late last night reported to the gen
eral officers here that this was because a
tree had been blown across the wires be-
The high wind • which prevailed over
that portion of the State which lies east
and south of here has demolished the
telegraph and telephone services. On its
main line the Texas and Pacific Railroad
has no communication further east than
At 10 o'clock last night there were two
reports current concerning the fate of the
historic town of Goliad. Both of them
were sufficiently distressing. One was
that ninety- lives were lost and much of
the town destroyed; the other was that
not less than 200 persons were killed and
that nearly every structure there was 'de
molished.
The cyclone is believed to have- origi
nated on the. gulf coast, at a point al
most directly south of Goliad, and travel
ed^ in a northeasterly direction as far as
Kentucky. It left desolation behind it in
four States, but Texas seems to. have
suffered more than the others.
DALLAS, Tex., May 19 (2:15 a. m.)—Ad
vices from all available sources here last
night were that a disastrous cyclone swept
across Texas yesterday, causing loss of
life and almost incalculable .damage to
property.
mous Damage.
Many Towns ia Texas Suffer Enor-
WIDE ABEA OF THE STORM.
I ";The - first 'official estimate of :the result
of ihe 'explosion of^ont Pelee has , been
announced. ¦; This gives 28,000^ as .the num
ber , of 'persons buried, in the ruins .of >St.
Pierre. Six C thousand ' persons were ..res
cued ; by steamships or fled to places of
safety. Three thousand .were -probably
drowned. This is. the most complete esti
mate made so far. . , . ; .
' The French Government has announced
that no further attempts will be made at
present to* resurrect". the <burned. bodies on
the island because of the.danger of'fur
ther eruptions.'; ;•.:,;.•• : > - ¦.;'¦•'
- . . . .¦ ,-.¦¦." i
terrified by the downfall, and sought ref
uge in. Fort.de France. .- - - - •—. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Several persons were injured, but there
were no fatalities. The storm was a con
tinuation of the one that swept over
Goliad with such terrible results.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., May 18.— At 12:48
o'clock this afternoon a terrible wind and
rain storm swept over San Antonio, dam
aging' property to the extent ' of $75,000."
The wind \ reached a velocity of seventy
two miles an hour and continued at that
rate for nearly twenty minutes. " It '.blew
from the southeast and then shifted to
the southwest, the greatest velocity being
from the latter, polntl ."• '•',!;. c\- -".' ~'; J \ '**-*
At Fort Sam -Houston Government prop
erty was damaged to the extent of $20,000,
the doors being torn from the officers'
quarters and the barracks. The West
End church was completely destroyed,
loss $5000; Hartwell's Hotel damaged,'
$3000; St. Louis College damaged, $6000;
Academy of ,the Lady of the Sacred
Heart damaged, $2000. The damage to pri
vate residences will reach at least $20,000.
There Is No Loss of Life.
Several Persons Are Injured, but
DAMAGE IN SAN ANTONIO.
Volcanic Dust Falls Like Snow Upon the
i x Entire Island of Martinique. ;,;. •
A report from the country around Go
liad is to the effect that no damage was
done. A special train bearing the O'Con
nor Guards, six physicians, -nurses and
many volunteers came from Victoria, an<i
also a speeial train from. Cuero, bringing
physicians, svrsesT: druggists^-¦ano.'.yoluii
teers. Although /everything is '.done for
the relief of the injured,, cries for phy
sicians and medical attention are every
where heard. - „
The path of devastation is strewn with
all kinds of debris and dead "and dying
animals. The pitiful cries of the injured
are heard everywhere.
It Is impossible to estimate the number
of houses destroyed, but it is believed it
will reach 100. The damage done cannot
be approximated, but it is very ?reat.
About all of the dead and injured have
been taken care of.
It came from the southeast witho-it a
warning, completely demolishing a strip
about two blocks wide and a mile long
through the whole western part of the
town.
Among the many houses demolished are
the Baptist Church and parsonage, just
built; the Methodist Church and a negro
church.
The tornado struck this place aoout 3:45
o'clock this afternoon, lasting only about
five minutes, leaving death and disaster
everywhere in its wake. .
Ninety are dead, more than a hundred
are injured. In addition there is a gaping
wound in the town— the path of one of
the most destructive cyclones ever known
in Texas.
From the Twister.
DALLAS, Tex., May 18.— A special from
Goliad, Tex., says:
Residents Have No Time ' to Flee
STBIKES WITHOUT WARNING.
All wires to Shreveport and Texarkana
are down. That district was. reached. by
a portion of the big storm. It is believed;
however, that no loss of life has resulted
there, although the property damage may
be heavy.
While all Texas seemed to have been
stornvswept, the territory immediately to
the west of this city was especially badly
damaged by the high winds. In Walters
Park, a small hamlet fourteen miles to
the northwest of this city, three score or
more of houses were blown down and,
many trees uprooted.' In this city a num
ber cf houses; were unroofed and the
State institution lor the blind was con
siderably damaged, though none of the
inmates were injured. A number of
camping parties at various points up tHe
river were serious sufferers in the de
struction of property, but so far no loss
ol lifejias been reported.
The Southwestern Telegraph and Tele
phone Company of this city had informa
tion last night that the cyclone caused
the loss of about 100 lives at Goliad. .The
information came direct: from the com
pany's operator at Goliad, who managed
to send a message to Houston' before the
wires were rendered useless by the wind.
Wild rumors abou . the fate of Tex
arkana were in circulation for a time," but
the anxiety on that score was relieved by
the statement from incoming train crews
that there had been no damage at Mar
shall, Texarkana or intermediate points.
Shreveport, La., seems to.be cut off from
thi v.*orld. ¦ \ , ¦.'.'
tween there and Mineola. On the trans
continental division It is impossible to re
ceive any response from anywhere east, of
Douglass, which is forty-two miles west
of Texarkana. . ¦ :
Fifty-three negroes were injured, many
fatally, and it is believed . there are at
least fifteen dead not included in the
foregoing list. [
hour, were: Abile Jefferson, Alfred Rob
inson, Mollie Lew. Gussie Gordon, Terrell
Hall, Joe Simon, Rufus Taylor, Pauline
Simon, Clayton Taylor, Cliff Douglass,
Floyd Lott, Gussie Windryj and baby,
Topsy Tlppen, Fannie Taylor, •- Paulino
Lott, Fannie Robinson, George Taylor,
Will Weston and two children, John Bare
field, Ethel Barefleld, George Paste and
baby, Joe Smid. Besides .these, there are
thirteen unidentified bodies, making forty
two dead negroes recovered.
CONFESSION OF ANARCHIST
EXPOSES A PLOT AGAINST
THE YOUNG KING OF SPAIN
PABTIAI/ LIST OF DEAD.
So far ninety dead and 120 Injured have
been reported! The following is a partial
«e«~»f ttie tvnil** -who perished; ~rv_~
MRS. JOHNSON, aged GO. "
MARGARET POPE, aged 8.
STUART DIAL.
PINKIE LETT, daughter of William
Lett.
MRS. PURL, two children, Maud and
Alice. l
Two Ausustine children.
MRS, STOPPLE and children, except
one.
MR. and MRS. WILLIAM HOARD and
three children.
JOSEPH SAVAGE and child, Farinette,
PHOS A SAVAGE.
MR. NEWCOMB. wife and child.
WILLIAM THREADWELL.
HAYWOOD JONES.
The injured white so far reported are:
W. H. Maddox. both legs broken and in
jured about head, probably fatal; Mr. and
Mrs. L. N. Vandalsen and two children,
none fatally hurt; Mrs. G. Pope, leg
broken and other injuries, very serious;
Miss Beulah Dial. William Lott, ribs
broken, not serious; Walter and Stuart
Lott, legs broken; Mr. and Mrs. John Au
gustine, badly hurt; Mrs. Joseph Savage,
injured internally; Miss Sallie Good, badly
injured; Mrs. Gibson, badly injured; Miss
Libbie Carr, badly hurt; Bessie Oscar,
Mollie and Alice Park, not fatally; J. A.
Turner, wife, mother-in-law and one
child, not fatally; Clyde Harbison, John
Huring, Mr. Bekar, Linda Smith, N.
Abinger and son Albert of Victoria; Jim
Rutherford and wife. Smith of Rockport,
Mrs. Harbison and young son. Ruby Mad
dox, Baby Maddox. Mrs. Casey, Maud
Casey, P. Harrington.
The negro dead, as reported at a late
OLIAP. Tex.. May 18.— Eight
blocks of business houses
M w blown down, at least ninety
¦ t*;- M persons killed and more than
120 Injured, many of whom
will die. Is the dread record
of a tornado that swept Goliad to-day.
To-night the scene that is spread out be
fore the survivors is one of appalling de
struction. Between Church and Patrice
streets, which run north and couth a
distance of a mile in length, only one
house is left standing, and of many struc
tures scarcely a vestige remains. Very
little damage was done except • within
these boundaries, a width of 250 yards.
The tornado was, preceded a few mo
ments by a heavy hailstorm and a deep
rumbling sound, but no one had any pre
monition of the disaster, and there was
no opportunity for escape. The. death
dealing cyclone struck the town and
passed on, and only a few seconds were
required in the completion of Its awful
work.
BUT ONE BUILDING , SPARED.
The section which most suffered was
the residence portion, the lower part be
ing the negro settlement, while the upper
part contained many fine residences. The
Methodist and Baptist churches and the
Baptist parsonage, both just completed,
and the negro Methodist church were de
stroyed. The Episcopal church was bad
ly damaged, and fully 100 houses were
utterly demolished. . The stone residence
of D. T. Davis of the Goliad Guard was
the only building in the pathway of the
storm not reduced to splinters, and it is
a wreck.
The people of Goliad, realizing at once
the stupendous nature of the calamity
and the terrible loss of life, telephoned to
their sister cities of Cuero and Victoria
for assistance, which was sent immedi
ately. General Superintendent Forbes
stopped the regular Beeville train at Gol
i;id and turned it back to Victoria, whence
it brought six doctors and an abundance
of medicines and surgical appliances. An
other train came later from Cuero with
a number of physicians, dozens of nurses
and many citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tornado Destroys the Town of Goliad and Scores of dead Are
I Found in the Ruins of Buildings Demolished
in a Trice by the Twister.
ERUPTION OF PELEE CONTINUES
AND NEARBY TOWNS ARE DOOMED
BODIES OF NINETY VICTIMS
AND RUINS OF MANY BLOCKS
MARK TEXAS CYCLONE'S PATH
SAN-'" ¦ FBANCISCO, J \ MONDA^ '£ 3 ¦ r .
VOLUME XCI-NO. 170.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
To ' the Public: Unofficial
advices indicate that moneys
sufficient to relieve the suffer-
ing and distress in Martinique
and St.. Vincent have already
been secured. The sum of
$3OOO has already been | for-
warded from San Francisco. '
Ini my opinion" no" further
contributions; should .be mada
until further official notice
from the general X committee,
of which ! due • announcement
will : be made through tho
;press. : .' '"' • :. '"¦_ ¦'
. EUGENE E. ' SCHMITZJ '
¦'"*¦*¦. ' \ % -.'\'- :-,"*'-'¦" ''-''Maybr.
NO MORE /A ID,
SAYSMembers of Local Urii^n Hold Their Fifth Anniversary
Picnic and the Affair Is a Big Success— -Games of
Many Kinds Indulged In by Guests" of the-Organization
STEREOTYPERS ENJOY AN OUTING
UNDER THE TREES AT FAIRFAX PARK
• STEREOTYPERS AND GUESTS
; . ,,WHQ WERE. ¦CONSPICUOUS
i .'AT THE PICNIC.-
CHICAGO, May 18.-Robert A. ¦Williams,
who ¦was chief of the Chicago Fire De
partment during the great fire of . Octo
ber,' 1871, died here to-day, # aged 77 years.
Death of Robert A. Williams.
. vAbout six years ago a boy while bathing
in the spring was . drowned, and it was
impossible to recover the body. At that
time the place was sounded for depth but
the bottom was not struck. The spring is
about fifty yards across at the widest
point. •¦ • •¦ ' " ¦ . -j
While perhaps all fears that a volcano
will breakout In this section are idle a
great many people in Elko and the' vicin
ity would breathe much easier if the
waters .of the spring would resume their
normal appearance. - •• ¦ • • .„
'Persons who visited the spring last Sat
urday first" noticed the peculiar disturbed
and milky appearance of the water, but
thought little of it, until the news of the
recent- great volcanic disturbances ap
peared • in the papers. { People who have
lived- in the vicinity of the spring for
many years say that the water has grad
ually been getting warmer. In the mem
ory of the oldest : inhabitants, however
the water has never before had the same
appearance as at present. ¦:«:-,¦• . .
; EL.KO, Nev.j May IS.— Some- uneasiness
oh the part of a great many - of the peo
ple of Elko has been occasioned by the
troubled condition of the waters for the
past few days of a large" and .very hot
spring about a mile east, of town, and
thought by many to be due to recent vol
canic disturbances. "'. The water rises in
the extinct crater of what at one time,
perhaps ages ago, was an active volcano.
Judging from the appearnce of the sur
rcunding country, the surface of which is
a volcanic formation. . v
Residents Near Elko Surprised at a
• Hot Springes' Appearance. '
QUEER WATER IN NEVADA.
Swedish Society Entertains at An
nual Day and Moonlight Outing.
The Swedish Society of San Francisco
and Oakland pleasantly' entertained about
1500 guests at Its annual day and moori
llpht outing at Shell Mound Park yester
day. Athletlo sports and dancing -in the
two pavilions formed the chief sources of
amusement for. those present.
Races for valuable prize* were held for
boys, • girls, : gentlemen, members, ladies,
fat men ; and . commltteemen. The affair
v/as also very successful financially. The
'proceeds .will' be used in the benevolent
v/ork of the society. Credit for the ex
cellent conduct of the outing /Is due, for
the most part, to the following named
committees: - '., ,.¦:-...
• Arrangements^— Axel Onsman, Alcot Larson,
C. Armstrong-, J. L. Jacobson, Pontus Frank
lin, Andrew Anderson.
Floor— Hans Forsberg, C. J. Larson, Otto
Olson, J. A. C. Brett. • '
Reception— W. • Gustafson. • A. - Sjorcren,- A:
Lund, B. O. Johnson, A. Gustafson, O. Pear
son, . O. Anderson. x . . ¦
JOLLIFY AT SHELL MOUND.
Floor— A. C. Holmes, manager; H. . B. : Lls
ter, assistant; John Williams, D. A. -Barry.
T. F. Dolan. Eugene Steidle, C. T. Sayce and
A, H. Corliss. -
Refreshments— Thomas Westoby. chairman;
Charles J. Kelley; I John McLaughl In, L.. Norlc
gauer, :N." Lorentzen. •'•" •• i • ¦ : ,\ ¦¦'.-', .". * -
Gate—John Blake, chairman: , Tlmpthy • Ny
han," George Bruns, Maxwell Gibson, Dan Har
ris. Peter Hendrlcks, N. JortalL
William Nagle, J. Talbot. J. H. Dolan; E. G.
Rhodes. S. N. Grubb, William Gibel. ¦
Games — John Bell, chairman; J.' E. O'Neill,
R. W. Smith. 'George Mcnahan, James McDer
mott; R. Furlong, Peter Whearthy; George
Harders. . ¦ -. -.-.¦.
NEW : ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SACRAMENTO, May 18.— Governor Gage
has offered 5300 reward for the apprehen
sion- of the murderer of Louis Blrchler,
who was assassinated in' this city last
"Wednesday: night, and Captain Frank
P.uhs taller offers $100 reward.
Reward for His Capture.
:'• It is now accepted that vaccination ren
ders the Vyaccinated ; person 'exempt from
smallpox,* or, at worsts he' never has any
thing but';the .lightest, kind of la'" case.
Now as sure a preventive ¦ and cure v for
dandruff, which causes falling-, 'hair, and
baldness, -has been 'discovered— Newbro's
Herpiclde.,. It kills the dandruff germ.<C.
H. Reed, VVictor,- Idaho, says: ."Myself
and! wife; have ; been troubled with dan
druff 'and ,f ailing v hair ; forJj several . years.
We trie'd .: remedies effect untll-we
! used I Newbro's Herpiclde, '. two bottles < "of
.whlchcured us." Hundreds of similar tes
, tin,;ohials. .<
ness as ;'-; There Is of -Smallpox.
VACCINATION AND DANBB.TJFF.
There Is Sure Prevention of Bald-
City' Front Organization Gives Outing'
'¦:?i "• •'.:. -,": at Glen Park. - ; .;", .
.A picnic ; was held at Glen Park yester
day afternoon: by the City 'Front Federa
tion - for ; the • benefit of . the ; widows >; and
prphana of union men whp lost their lives
during. the strike last ; year. t. "
There'- were • cakewalks, . athletic games
arid other :"• entertainments and .; a grand
baby: show, for • which ' handsome prizes
wereoffered by.-Hon.'K. E.Schmlta, J.
Parry and M.- Casey. . . ' '
The officers and committees were " as
follows: .; '. a '-'¦/¦' .'¦" . . ' „ • ';
Offlcers-^M. Casey, ¦ president;. F. Johnson;
vice ; president: ¦ T. WTestoby, : recording secre
tary; H. , McKevltt, : financial ,- secretary; > John
Kean.' treasurer.'.: ¦ • ¦ . . ¦ : ',.->. -;. . • .»
Reception . committee— Michael .' Casey, ' . chair
man ; F*ank Johnson, John . Kean, : Hush ' Mc-
Kevltt, Con Harrington, Andrew - Pryal. Law
rence ' Barry, • Jamea Murphy, : Thomas Donlln,
SACRAMENTO, May 18.-The fifth an
nual tournament of the shooters cf
Northern California ended to-night, the
contestants having Shot' all day In a north
gale, but making fair scores nevertheless.
The live bird championship was won by
W. S. Hardy of Gridley and Frank M.
Newbert of this city won the Klmball &
Upson trophy. W. D.; Peterson of Dixon
won the bluerock championship and also
made the highest average. The Dixon
team won the team shoot with a score
of 78 out of 90, fine shooting considering
the wind. , . .
Marksmen End a Tournament.
FEDERATION HOLDS PICNIC.
i "Sooners" had been upon the reserve
for three weeks, but a Deputy Marshal
and several Indian - v police drove all the
men off last_week * and warned them to
keep away. On one of the mineral ladies
rival parties of "sooners" built rude fortv
and a battle ,was expected before the men
were driven off. All telephone wire3 have
been I cut. » Couriers will carry tr-e news
having already arranged relay stations
for horses at points from Davenport the
neareSt town to the reservation line \
few intending locators have joined issues
and arranged a system of signal fire* ex
tending from peak to peak up to the
reservation line, where others" of the party
will be ready to ru3h toward the coveted
mineral ledges and locate.
SPOKANE. Wash., May 18.-One thou
sand men are camped alohff the border of
the , Spokane Indian reservation waitin*
the sigrnal from Washington that the land
t a.' been thrown open to mineral entry
Such word is not expected for a month
yet the number of campers is constantly
increasing. Two rich mineral ledges are
known to exist in the reserve and the birr
rushr will be made to these points. One
of the ledges gives good values on the
cropping above ground. * ;
ONE THOUSAND MEN J.
- WAIT FOR THE BUSH
Great Gathering of Campers. on the
Border of the Spokane Indian \
¦ Reservation. /
The executive committee. "was made iii>
of Jerome 'Bassity (chairman), Gus'Pohl
n*an- (secretary), Dave Becker, George
Sharp, J. T. Sullivan , J.' ' M. ' Moff ett, L.
Marlsch, Otto Mansen, Paur Geoffrey, , S.
Bonnenfeld and Charles-G. Na«r!«. - ' ¦'¦ y
' Married, ladles' race — Mrs. Burnes first and
Mrs. Brazzolla second. ~--r' : < • . " '
Eagles', race — Mark- Branrier- won,' L. Schar
etg second and .John Lawlor,.thlrd.> ..¦¦'. ;••¦!¦¦ ¦¦•
Three-legged race — Williams and King first,
Mish and Scharetg -second . and Becker g and
Fletchman ¦ third. • . T
Egg. race^— Hiss -' M. , Cronln, first, , Miss -1.L
Caubu second and Miss S. Gilbert third. .
Old 'men's race — Mr. Cosme first, Mr. Trip
pin second and.J. Silva third. ¦' .<_¦-..
¦ Mixologist race — George F. Johnson first, Joe
Sullivan second. T. t Kelley third.
• Girls" race — Miss . E. Caubu first. Miss M.
Cronln second and Miss S. Gilbert third.
Young men's race-*-Joe- Sullivan, nret, F.
Kelley second, O. Scriaretg third.
• Young ladies' ' race — Miss Ros.e Getley first.
Miss Bell Brown second and Miss Julia Brown
third.-: ¦ •, . . . ,. \
Fat men's race— OV B. Kingsley first and J.-
Bozeman second. »'.- . • • .' '" •• - ,.. • •¦
1 Boys' race — Master J. Murphy first, R. Eng
lish second .'and J. . O'Brien third.- ¦ •. .
The results of the contests follow:
A gold. badge .was presented ¦ by'* Phllo
Jacobi to t" the best .shot of the officers • of
AerSe Noi 5. Each contestant fired once
at a target at 200 yards." T. Lindsey scored
5, Edward Wagner; 20, Charles Nagle 8,
Frank Williams 20, Fred . Evert 9 and
S/ Michel 18. Ed Wagner of the Press
saloon and Frank Williams each making
a score of 20, fired another shot, ,Wag
ner winning, with a score of 5. Jerome
Basslty, who • was a hot: favorite, got
cold feet and failed to appear. ¦ But Bas
sity can take the honors in a\ rag-time
two-step.- •" <. -^ . . - :
Three thousand people left San-Francis
co' yesterday 'to attend, the fourth annual
pk-nic of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fra
ternal Order of Eagies, which was held
at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. The
Eagles' drum corps escorted the picnic
committee from Its headquarters' to the
ferry. The Eagles had also a good band
which furnished music during the entire
trip.' Many booths for amusement were
distributed throughout the grounds, ami
everything was made ready to receive the
merry; visitors. After lunch the" after
noon was devoted to dancing In the large
hall and different sports and games.
Schuetzcn Park.
More Than 3000 People Gather at
EAGLES HOLD ANNUAL PICNIC.
To tarry, meant at least life imprison
ment in the Mexican salt mines. "Red"
left at once through a rear door and
friends directed him to a horse already
saddled. He rode to Naco, reaching there
before daylight, crossed the line and got
a fresh mount, leaving the country for
parts unknown. «
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 18.— Late Thurs
day night William Aubrey,- better known
as "Red," shot and killed a Mexican po
liceman in Frank Proctor's saloon at
Cananea, Sonora. "Red" was a barkeeper
in the saloon and formerly a resident of
Bisbee. He was engaged in a quarrel with
another American, whose side of the is
sue was championed by the Mexican of
ficer. The latter asked "Red" to step"
outside the bar, and he did so, but with
gun in hand, and a bullet pierced the
Mexican's heart before he could draw his
revolver. * . -
Makes a Whirlwind Gallop
for Freedom.
"lied" Aubrey Kills an Official and
'SIDES FOE HIS LIFE
FEOH MEXICAN POLICE
Toung men, unmarried— G. J.- Scanlon won,
N. . Ewer second. • •
Half a dozen members of the police force
were present, but they enjoyed a sinecure.
They had nothing to do but to gaze at
pretty, girls" and stow away lunch. The
members of the committee were resplen
dent in - gaudy badges and alive to the
work before them. Chairman Dengel ac
tually lost N flesh hustling around to
keep the fun going. Herbert Callinan
was in charge of the games. His badge
of authority partially hid a shirt of such
warmth that the sun retired temporarily
to attain more heat in order to compete.
E. J. Craig had his locks trimmed for the
occasion and made a creditable appear
'ance. Thomas Packham kept open house
in the woods and entertained- royally.
During the ; afternoon Maas' orchestra
discoursed popular music' for dancing.
Emilio Glannini wore out his shoes hot
footing it over the\ boards and "Count"
von Wagner thought it was a Scheutzen
fest. The picnic was an orderly one and
was the moBt successful given by the
union. The following committees had the
affair in charge: - ¦
Arrangements — Emile Dengel, chairman; J.
P. FitzBimmons, Charles Bishop, A. C^xley and
James Smith. . . -
Games— Herbert Callinan, chairman; Emilio
I. Giannini. ¦ John Peters. Fred Ewald and Ed
ward Preston. . . • ...
Floor — Theodore Trautner, manager; W.
Kramer J. Maginnis. E. Wands. Roy Ellis,
Frank Billington and W. Parker. ' . .
Reception — Adolph "Attinger; C. • K. Benja
min, Charles Bishop, Abram Carley, H. Calli
nan. Emlle Dengel, Fred Ewald, James P.;
Fitzslmmons, James J. Kenny,- W. % B. Kramer,-.
W. H. Krug, James McCarthy, Joseph Moran,
John B. Maglnnis, John Madsen, Walter S.
Malloy W. W. Martin; John Peters, j Thomas
Peckham, James Robertson, | George Royal,
Jarces Smith. Frank Thomas,. Theodore Traut
ner, Ed A. Wands, E. J. Craig. Walter Parker,
F. Billington, Ed Gorman, Emilio I. Glannini,
H. Seipel, E. T. Layne, Harry. Pohlmann, Al
bert Dickson. Roy Ellis. Dudley Turner, L. R.
McAuliffe,' J. McBride, F. Colton, S.. von
Wagner. E. Preston, E. Hoffschneider;' Paul
Nye John Doran, Louis Matthias, E. M. Bur
rows, >J. Sirglnia, Peter Trainor, C. Jabsen
and Burt Epuderback.
' Following are the results of jthe races:
Boys under 10 years — Leo, Dengel won, George
Netlly second." ¦ ¦ • -. •. ' ' ¦ ., • ¦ .
Girls under 10 years— Majory - Kelly won,
Evylyn Hlldebrand second. ./. - : . L
Boys under 15 years — Albert Williams won,
Eugene Preuss second.. ¦¦ .... „„ •• ,-- .•
Girls under 15 years — Bertlna Cane . won,
Eleanor, Mell second.
Men's s free for all — E. Wolf won, J.'. Boell
second; G. Maklnson third. . -.
Ladies' free for all — Miss Perry won. Miss
Willey second. Miss Smith third, x
Fat men over 205 pounds — J. Phillips won,
E. Dengel second; W. : King third. -
. Fat women— Miss i Burke won, Miss Smith
second. Miss Brown third.- ,'. ..
¦-•Union members — J. Virginia ¦ won, E. Craig"
second, J. Smith third. ; ¦$ ;, - , , /
Members'' wtveih— Mrs. A. 'Carley ¦- won, Mrs.
Heister second, Mrs. Brown third, Mrs. X.
Maglnnia fourth. >
Union photo-engravers — F. Parkinson won.
E. Distel second. .
Union pressmen— W. Kameny won, E. Boyle
second, .J.Garrett third.
Union mailers — J. Little won, J. Coyle sec-
Union printers — J. : Dwyer won, J. j. Neu
barth, second. . . -
Toung ladles, unmarried — Pauline Verneil
won, Bertlna Cane second. • ¦ ¦ • ...
THE fifth anniversary picnic given
yesterday at Fairfax Park by the
San Frahciscco Stereotypers 1 and
Electrotypers 1 Union No. 29 was
no stereotyped affair. , There were
enough novelties introduced that were a
departure in picnic features: AlL.the chil
dren were given toys ' to amuse them
selves. Amusements of all kinds were
furnished the guests. Baseball games
and dancing occupied the time.
The day was not ideal for a picnic, ow
ing to a heavy wind blowing through the
park, but the merry-makers cared not for
Boreas' blasts.
Following out President Mitchell's r<»
quest that all mine-workers abstain from
visiting saloons, Rev. James Hussie asked
stxsz '&",?:« [^a oer " >a ¦*"¦*
The strike now enters upon its «» mn^
week. Week just ended was tho fl??t
it is said, in the history of the hart en, i
trade, that no coal was mined 2 ai fv
part of the region. No disturbance of Inv
consequence has been reported anywhenf
C President Mitchell will establish] SSJd*
quarters at the Hotel Hart at Wllkea"
barre to-morrow afternoon or evenmT
s V t?. e k r e e i5 e en W d i e 1 L PrObably re * aIn ™S'8i
President Mitchell said to-day, that h*
.could not yet say when the special na
tional convention to be called for the dm"
pose of considering the advisabllitv o?Vn"
volving the bituminous miners l n the »S"
thracite strike will be held. He Thai ™l
yet received the consent of the tl iV*
trlcts still needed to make up the nvl
vSn.^^" the fUle3 to a" con!
Absolute quiet reigned at headquarters
and throughout the Lehigh -Valley
Clergymen of nearly all denominations in
their sermons to-day touched more or less
on the strike. The great struggle was
generally deplored and the hope was held
out that, though- the strike may cause
much sufferlngr for a time, it may in the
end result in^great good for both capital
and labor. There was an impressive
scene at each of the masses at st r,ah
rlel's Roman Catholic Church In this
town. This U jthe church of which the
late Rev. E. S.. Phillips, the miner'!
champion in the strike of 1900 i waa th«
rector. , l ie
HAZLETON, Pa., May 18.— The _yisit
of Ralph M. Easley, secretary of the^Na
tionaj Civic Federation, to strike head
quarters, and his conference with Presi
dent Mitchell of the United Mine Workers
last night, was the only incident of any
importance that claimed the attention to
day of the labor leaders and others around
the Valley Hotel. As neither Easley
nor Mitchell would say anything regard
ing their meeting, there waa much specu
lation as to the object of the visit of the
secretary of the Civic Federation.
-Easley laughed at the. stir which his ar
rival caused, and said there was not the
slightest significance attached to his trip
here. . He reiterated . that he came here
merely to. look over the ground and to
keep himself Informed of the general sit
uation. He denied that he brought any
plan for the settlement of the strike or
any message from Senator Hanna or any
other member of the Civic Federation.
Easley said he carried -no message back
with him from Mitchell. His talk with the
miner's national president last night
lasted two hours. He again saw Mitchell
for a few minutes this morning- and left
for New York at 10 o'clock this morning.
Despite the denials of the labor leaders
the members of the Civic Federation and
the coal operators, all of whom have thus
far rigidly adhered to the policy of ab
solutely refusing to anticipate any move
ment in connection with the strike it is
believed here that the federation is
quietly preparing to receive any propo
sition that might possibly be offered bv
either aide. -r^i.
Plans for the Future.
Leaders . 'Kef use .to . Discuss Their
BOTH SIDES RETICENT.
NEW YORK, May IS.— Five hundred
East Side Hebrew men and women met
to-day and formed "The Ladies' Anti-
Beef Society." They elected Mrs. .Caroline
Schatsborg president and she appointed
Mrs. Pauline Frickel treasurer.
A committee of seven women was ip
pointed and the members instructed to
visit all the tenement houses on the East
Side to persuade the Hebrew women not
it* 'buy meat until the price was reduced
to the point of a year ago— that is, 10 and
12 cents per pound. They were not to
create any disturbances, but when they
saw Hebrew women coming out of a
butcher shop with meats they were to ar
gue with them. If <he purchasers were
unwilling- to throw the meat away, but
were willing to join the organization, the
committee women were to buy it f:om
them and throw it Into the street.
Together with this committee, another
of nine men was appointed as an auxil
iary to the women. After the work of
placing the boycott throughout the East
Side Is completed 'the committee will con
tinue its missionary work in other parts
of the city, visiting the labor and benev
olent societies, Jewish and otherwise,
labor union meetings and lodges. -They
aro to obtain the co-operation of all such
bodies.
tute an Embargo.
Hebrew Women of New York Insti-
BOYCOTT ON MEAT.
Senator Knight, who accompanied Act
ing Governor l'Huerre - to the northern
part of Martinique, has sent a telegram
to M. de Grais, the Minister of the Colo
nies, in which he declares that the in
habitants there behaved with much calm
ness and dignity during the ' sad events.
The Senator says also that the sugar
plantations at Maccuba. Basse Polnte
Lcrrain are in good condition. The estates
at Basse Polnte are intact and have not
suffered from the volcanic eruptions. The
crops in this district were not harmed
and the people are ready to resume. work.
The Bank of Martinique has reopened
Its doors, says the Senator's dispatch,
end is giving credit to all who are able
to give satisfactory guarantees. . ¦ , . ¦
New craters are forming in the neigh
borhood of Le Precheur. In spite of the
danger which threatens them, the refu
gees from the northern part of the island
are beginning to return to their homes.
PARIS, May 18.— A dispatch to the Mat
in from Fort de France, dated Saturday,
May 17, says that during the previous
night fifteen violent ' detonations from
Mont Pelee" were heard and that they
were accompanied by lightning that lit up
the entire island; The eruption redoubled
In-violence, says the dispatch, and for the
moment a second catastrophe was feared.
lumines the Island.
Lightning From Pelee's Crater Il-
ERUPTIONS ARE VIOLENT.
The Lampoort & Holl steamer Horace
arrived to-day from Santos, Rio de Jan
eiro and St. Lucia, and reports that before
the ship arrived at St. Lucia dust began
falling in an unaccountable manner. This
was on the morning of May 8. During that
day there was a heavy thunder and light
ring storm. The dust became so dense
that the crew were obliged to turn their
backs to it. At one time the. dust cov
ered the decks to the depth), of three
ii.ches. -When the dust was first notice
able the ship was 125 miles from Barba
dos
rn«ch anxiety was felt on board. For an
hour or more the ship was covered by
dust and enveloped in a thick cloud and
the air was filled with sulphur fumes. It
must have been another eruption, and
the dust had been sent a great distance
In the air, because it traveled against the
wind and at a tremendously rapid rate."
"We sailed from St. Lucia on the morn
ing of May 11 and at 2 o'clock In the af
ternoon passed the island of Martinique.
The weather was- perfectly clear and we
had a good view of that part of the island
which had suffered by the volcanic erup
tion a few days before. The formation
cl the island is quite altered, and the
whole northern part.^where the town of
St. Pierre once stood, is covered by a mass'
of ashes and lava. At 2;30 o'clock, as
the Etonia was passing the island, a tre
mendous upshoot of smoke and dust took
place,' and in a few moments the ship was
covered with fine dust like cement. We
vere about three miles distant from the
scene at the time. The ship's engines
were, put under full speed and for a time
VIEW ANOTHEB EBTJPTION.
the captain, who was frightfully burned,
oultf two engineers, two sailors and the
boatswain were able to do duty. -
"Fire was still burning about the ship
and the rigging was in flames. The cap
tain decided to try to reach the island of.
St. Lucia, forty miles distant. This he
succeeded in doing by 6 o'clock on the
evening of May 8. The steamer was diffi
cult to handle owing to the partially dis
abled steering gear, which co^ild not be
mada to work properly. In the time oc
cupied on this terrible voyage the experi
ence of the survivors was still worse than
that already gone through. The brave cap
tain and his few men fighting the fire,
exhausted and scalded, struggled to do
something to assist their dyfcig shipmates.
Those working below strived to keep up
the steam. The captain, suffering the
greatest agony, succeeded In navigating
Ms vessel safely to the port of Castries,
St. Lucia, with eighteen dead lying on the
deck and human limbs scattered about.
A sailor stood by constantly, wiping the
captain's injured eyes.
"I think the performance of the Rod
ham's captain was wonderful, and the
mere so when I saw' his pitiful condition.
I do not understand how he kept up, and
when the steamer arrived at St. Lucia and
medical assistance was procured this brave
man asked th*. doctors to attend to the
others first and refused to be treated
until, this was done.
"My interview with the captain broyght
out the foregoing account. I left him in
f;ood spirits and receiving every comfort.
The sight of his face would frighten any
one not prepared to see- it.
Continued From Page One.
It can be asserted that the Department
of Justice is absolutelv confident of prov
ing its case to the satisfaction of the
court at Chicago and of getting the pre
liminary injunction for which it i3 now
striving.
Former Judge Day and Solicitor Gen
eral Richards lett Washington to-night
on the 8 o'clock train over the Pennsyl
vania road for Chicago, to take part in
the argument in behalf of the Govern
ment tor a preliminary injunction, which
comes up on Tuesday in" the United
Stales Circuit Court. They went laden
with additional evidence, which has been
collected during- thd'Tast week by United
6tai.es District Attorneys in various parts
of the country, in obedience to instruc
tions issued more than a week ago by
Attorney General Knox. All of the evi
dence that has been collected by the Dis
trict Attorneys - east of the Allegheny
Mountains has been sent to Washington,
where it has been examined by Attorney
General Knox, Solicitor General Richards
and Mr. Day; and- all {collected hi' the
-Middle West, the Southwest and the Far
West has been sent to District Attorney
Bethea of Chicago.
The evidence received here covers the
States of Georgia, South Carolina, Vir
ginia, Maryland Delaware, Pennsylvania,
New York, Massachusetts and Connect
icut. It is eaicl to be very strong and is
al. in the direction of showing a violation
of the Sherman anti-trust law by an
agreement to maintain prices, abolish
competition and blacklist agents who do
not obey the letter of their. Toaster's or
ders—all this after they have* destroyed
local dealers and driven them out of
business.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May IS.— Officials of
the Department of Justice greeted The
Call's .latest contribution to the cass of
the United States vs. the Beef Trust with
expressions of pleasure and gratification.
It was pointed out that the letters, more
clearly than any that have been pub
lished before, reveal the existence of a
combination. Repeated references to the
territory that is to be conducted on
"tight lines" and by the "tight agree
ment" show that the combination had
hard and fast agreements under which
it did business.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hanna also knows that five or six rail
roads financed by J. Pierpont Morgan and
the Vanderbilts control 90 per cent of the
anthracite coal fields and absolutely con
trol the business. As president of the
Civic Federation Hanna cannot engage in
talks with obdurate mine operators, but
he can still do something in that line as
an individual who know all the secrets of
the coal business and something of poli
tics. Hanna knows the real causes of this
trouble and Morgan knows that he knows.
There will be an effort to bring out thi3
information, and it would not injure the
cause of the miners If it became public.
The mine operators seem to think they
have Hanna safely bottled up in the Civic
Federation, where he can do nothing save
offer to arbitrate. It remains to be seen
whether their judgment is correct. Just
after the election in. 1900 Hanna made a
speech to a score or more of the great
captains of industry in New York. It was
at a private dinner and the speeches were
not reported In the newspapers. But Han
na's speech was considered sensational in
that select audience, coming. from one of
their number.' He told them the country
was enjoying such prosperity as it never
had enjoyed before and it would continue.
But he reminded them that the humble
laborers were not getting their share of
this prosperity and that this condition
would not- long be tolerated without pro
ducing great unrest. They must so con
duct their business as 'to make alt labor
ers, even the most humble, feel there
was prosperity in the land. Hanna still
holds the. views he "expressed In 1900 and
he will no doubt use his personal influence
to that end. , . .
This is all Senator/Hanna, president of
the National Civic Federation, will say.
But Hanna as an individual or rather as
chairman of the National Republican
Committee brought the mine operators to
terms in 1900, 'when there was a similar
strike' in the anthracite fields, and the
Senator is not barred from using his per
sonal and political influence now because
the efforts of the National Civic Federa
tion have failed! He believes now, as be
did in 1900, that the miners have just
grievances and that the operators are
wrong. He knows that the excuses of the
operators for refusing to grant, the'in
crease to the miners are not valid.
WASHINGTON, May 18.— iu rhe coal
strike is up to the mine operators." v.^
Incriminating Letters Supplied by
The Call Are Telling Evidence
of Existence of Com-
He Knows the Real Causes of the
Present Trouble and That the
Strikers Have Just
Grievances. . •
He Can Be of Great Aid
to the Men. . .
Occupies a Position Where
BURHIHGBODfESOH RQDOAM'S DECK
SAN PEDRO, May 18.— On one of the
roughest voyages in the history of the
passenger steamer Warrior, which ar
rived here from Avalon, Catallna Island,
three hours latey S. S. Knight, a conduc
tor in^he employ of the San Pedro, Los
and Salt Lake road, was washed
overboard and lost. J. C. Herrick of
Spokane, Wash., leaped overboard , at
the same time, but was saved after he
roic efforts of the crew.
The 115 passengers praise Captain Dris
coll.and the efficient work done by him
and his crew in the manner of hand
ling his ship and his conduct in the work
of rescue.
The strong gale that swept the coast
all day stirred up the sea to an unusual
extent, and the waves rolled almost
mountain high. The Warrior is a small
vessel, and 'when Bhe left the island for
San Pedro at 4 o'clock this afternoon. at
once plunged into a heavy s^a. The pas
sengers on board were nearly all in a
state of helplessness from seasickness.
About half way across the channel the
waves began to break clean over the hur
ricane deck of the Warrior, and many
passengers were in a state of panic, me
vessel's crew did 'all in their power to
allay the fears of the passengers, and
were fairly successful.^ '
Knight was standing on the hurricane
deck, when an unusually heavy sea broke
over the boat from stem to stern. He was
lilted off his feet and carried overboard.
He disappeared immediately. ;
Herrick became separated from his wife,
and seeing a woman's hat floating on the
water believed she had been washed over
board. He leaped into the sea, only to
discover his mistake. Herrick was res
cued by the crew after much difficulty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Department of Justice Confi
dent of Obtaining an
Injunction.
Expect Hiro^to Use His
Influence With Coal
Operators.
Federal Attorneys Go
to Chicago Laden
With Facts.
Conductor Is Lost and Heroic
Grew Saves a Pas
senger.
Disaster Attends the
Voyage of Steamer/
Warrior.
MINERS LOOK
TO HANNA FOR
POWERFUL AID
STRONG CASE
AGAINST THE
BEEF BARONS
STORM SWEEPS
MAN OVERBOARD
¦ATLANTA, Ga., May 13.— Perfect order
and p"eace prevailed to-day in Pittsburff.V
the negro settlement south of tha city,
where the desperate battle between officers
of the law and negro outlaws occurred \
yesterday. The only evidences of the terv
rible struggle are the heaps of ashes
which mark the spot where formerly
stood the buildings sheltering Will Rich
ardson, the negro desperado, and his com- ••¦
panions, and the detail of militia patroll-r ¦
ing the scene of the disturbance.. : •,
Militiamen Patrol the District Where ,
Officers and Negro Outlaws* -v
" Fought to the Death. * :¦< .
PEACE PREVAILS AFTER
THE DESPERATE BATTL3
General Davis reports that Datto Ruty '
says he is ready to fight, but General
Chaffee believes that, although It may .;
be necessary to bring this Dattp to terms, ' ;
his resistance of the American forces
N must necessarily be slight.
Datto Ruty's forta are situated on a
high hill. They could be surrounded by
a line of American skirmishers, who -
would prevent the Datto obtaining water
and who could thus force a practically,
bloodless victory i|» a few days.
In view of a cablegram which General '
Chaffee received to-day 'from General .1
Davis, who is commander of the Arnqri- j
can forces in Mindanao, and In Which it -
appears that Datto Ruty has apparently
refused to return the animals he captured
from the American army, . General Chaf
fee Is not prepared to say that there will
be no more fighting In Mindanao. . :
MANILA,- May 18.— General Chaffee re- ¦
turned here to-day from Lake Lanao, in
the interior of the Island of Mindanao. :
He said he saw several Moro Dattos :
while there and had satisfactory inter- -
views with them. Nearly all the Dattos.-.
and especially I the surviving- • Sultans,' - :
claim <to entertain *trtenaiy~t»anxtzU^*o*'*
ward the United States." ~ : -'^ ¦".'•"I -X^
Ruty Continues to Defy
the United States
Troops.
BUT ONE MORO
DATTO WARLIKE
THE SAN FBANCISCO « GALL, JttONDAY; MAY 19; 1902.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Humors
Are impure matters which the skin,
liver, kidneys and other organs cannot
take care of without help, there is such
an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
' feeling, bilious turns, fits* of indiges-
tion, <full headaches and many other
troubles are due to thenu
Hood's Sarsaparllla
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all their
effects, strengthen, tone and invigorate
the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass. •
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY (or MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaden of the
Mormon Church and the!r
followers. Positively cure th«
worst ceses In old and young
arising from effects of tejf>
abuse, dissipation, excesses?*
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost*
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
i Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltoess to Mar-
ry, Lo6s of Semen, *~ . Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *3 %Jf vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are P^H-rm Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CE "'" ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 ftfr
92 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis St..
fan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 83
cud 40 T&trd ft-
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
r ¦¦¦:'_
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases ' has arrived anil ' they-
are now ready, for distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call: are entitled to a copy of - : \.
tltla a rent book at > tbe pr era- . \
loin rate, of ' $1 SO. Out - of
town subscribers desiring a:
'copy of this splendid prem- :
lam will be supplied on : re- v
celpt " of fl CO. All mall
order* Trill be snipped . by ex-
press at subscriber's expense. ""
JOHN J. FUI/TON Cft. ir. j \
PETER CDNNINGBAI
Br/ght's Disease,
Ferry Drug Co.,
TV -:r^-^ 11 B . oitlM :
To the John J» Fulton Co., Mills build- •.
Ing— Gentlemen: I had a ; mild form of
Bright's Disease for years. Last January
dropsy set in. Later in the month I re~ |
signed my position and on February 8th _.
two of our best physicians said I was in
its last stages, had but a short time to
' live and to close my business affairs. I
saw your ad in the paper, stating a neigh-
bor had been cured of Bright's Disease by
your Renal Compound. My wife went to
see her. She said: "Yes, take it at once. !
It saved my life after five physicians said-
I could not live." I was most encouraged,
went intx> Ferry Drug Co. They said:
Fulton's Renal Compound? ¦ .
••Yes, we know all about t it, and can
recommend it as being a wonderful cure
for Bright's Disease." I bought it, have
taken eleven bottles, and I am so much ¦
better that I feel sure it will cure me. I .
am better in every way. I gladly make *
this statement. Publish it anywhere. '
Yours gratefully, • :"» :
PETER CUNNINGHAM.
289 Jersey street, San Francisco.
Medical worka agree that Bright's Dis-
ease and Diabetes are incurable, but -S7
per cent are positively recovering under
the Fulton Compounds. (Dropsy Bladder
Trouble. Rheumatism from urtc acid and- ¦
the minor kidney diseases are soon re-
Ue X ed .?- A P / Ice ™*l 5, or Wright's Disease
and $1.50 for Diabetic Compound : Free
tests made for patients. Descriptive
pamphlets mailed free. Call or address ;
John J. Fulton Co., Mills Building Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco. •
Our remedies can also be obtained from ¦ "
f0lI Sw n i5D R uG r^! sco drussl3t " : : . ,.
FERRY DRUG CO..
ST NICHOLAS PHARMACT
BOYKEN'S PHARMACY, ' •
LION DRUG CO., X S-.i
C. L. BARRINGTON. <
KIBBLER'S PHARMACT, 'ijjjflaMBS
POTTS DRUG CO.,
GEORGE DAHLEENDER, i&p£si9
E. HAPPERSBERGER. ¦ ; • -
CHARLES D. ZEILE, ffiP^l
_, NEWTON'S PHARMACY,
CITY HALL PHARMACT, -?
FRANK T. GREEN, . "
BROEMMEL'S 'PHARMACX.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND, y
OLD AGE AND SPRING
PAINFS CELERY
COMPOUND- -
invigorates and Strengthens Those
Advanced in Years.
If You Feel Old the Great
Medicine Will Give You
the Vigor and Health
of Youth.
Every one in springtime should give at-
tention to the purifying of the blood, the
bracing of the nerves and the regulating
of the digestive apparatus. , .
This is the special time- when old peopte
need a ! tonic and strength giver-— some- •
thing that will restore them to that con-
dition of Health that conduces ' to make
old age happy, cheerful and bright.
Old people should carry home with
them to-day— not by-and-by— a bottle of
Paine's Celery Compound. It will certain-
ly banish the rheumatism and neuralgia 1
. that help to make life a misery; it will
drive out of the system all impurities and
make the life stream flow fresh and pure:
it will banish weakness and all languid
feelings, and impart the vigor and activ-
ity that mark youthfulness. It is the only
medicine- that will fully meet the needs
and expectations of all in declining years.
Mrs. ilary E. Burgess, an estimable and B
highly respected resident of Clements,
Cal., finds Paine's Celery Compound-her -.-.
stay and helper in advancing years. She-
writes as follows:
"I am. 72 years old, and In the past have
not been well; I had spells of weakness
and headache. A friend of mine told me
to try Paine's Celery Compound. I got a
bottle and it helped me very much.. It-,
gave i me a good appetite and made mo
strong and happy. I think there, is noth-
ing like it/ My husband has taken it, and j
it strengthened him. Now when we &o
not feel well we get a bottle of Painea
Celery Compound and it saves -us doctors'
bills." •:»., , . v-^v;".,
DIAMOND nYES color any«>«ns any color,
yiflfllUH U HI LJ simple, durable, economical.OFFICERS OF THE GRAND
LODGE OF THE KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS.
MANILA. May 18.— The cholera situa
tion In Manila and the provinces remains
unchanged. The Increase in cases con
tinues and the fatalities are still about 80
per cent.
Cholera Spreading in Manila.
BELGRADE, Servla, May 18.— King
Alexander has accepted the resignation
of the Servian Cabinet. M. Passios, for
merly a Radical, has been entrusted with
the formation of a new Ministry.
Accepts Resignation of Cabinet.
LONDON, May 13.— A dispatch from
Vienna to a news agency says It is re
ported from Cracow, Gallcla, that 1,000,000
rubles have been stolen from the head
quarters of the general staff there. Two
generals and several staff officers, says
the dispatch, have been arrested in con
nection with the robbery-
Theft of a Million Rubles.
In every harem of any pretensions in
Turkey there- ¦ are French, English and
German governesses. In Constantinople
there Is ', a great high school called the
"Gate to Knowledge." where Turkish
girls are being trained as teachers.
Feeling that possibly a brother prospec
tor had perished in the wilderness where
the cabin was located, or near by, Young
wrote to C. W. Youngman, apprising him
of the discovery. In reply he received a
courteous and grateful letter, explaining
that John Youngman was a brother of
the New York realty and loan man and
that John was on Puget Sound In Novem
ber, 1900, having then returned from
Alaska. Shortly after that he went to
Alaska again and since that time his
brother In New York has not heard from
him. The New York man Is still longing
to hear a solution of the mystery. '
TACOMA .May 18.— A peculiar story
pointing to the probable death In the Far
North of John Youngman, who comes of
a prominent New York family, has Just
been made public in Dawson. While en
route to Koyukuk by the overland trail
leading from Fort Yukon, several. months
ago, Emil Young stopped on Chandlar
River, which lay on his general route,
and there did some prospecting. Moving
along the stream, he came upon an iso
lated and abandoned cabin and there
found a few articles, among them a let
ter addressed to John' Youngman and
signed by C. W. Youngman. The letter
was written on a letter .head of the loan
and real estate firm of C. W. Youngman
& Co. of 100 Broadway and 6 Wall street,
New York.
Near Koyokuk.
Believed to Have Perished
Brother of Prominent New York Man
DEATH IN WILDERNESS
HIS PROBABLE FA/TE
Marine Jurisdiction Is Conferred.
MANILA. May 18.— The United States
Philippine Commission has passed an act
conferring ' marine jurisdiction upon the
courts of first Instance, which permits the
courts to punish crimes on the sea. The
military orders and acts of the provost
courts referring- to such crimes, previous
ly Indorsed, are repealed by the act passed
by the commission.
WASHINGTON, May 18.— The deprecia
tion of silver and the insistence of the
European powers that China meet her ob
ligations In gold will cause an increase of
the indemnity for tho Boxer by
93,000,000 Haikwan taels. equivalent to al
most $70,000,000. Thus in order to satisfy
the demands of the nations which inter
vened in the empire in 1900 the Peking
Government will have to raise the sum
of 500,000,000 Haikwan taela, instead of
450.000,000, the sum originally fixed by the
powers. Should the powers .Insist that
tho indemnity be paid In gold and th3
value of silver continues to decline the
Indemnity will gradually increase, until it
will be Impossible for China to pay it.
000,OCO in Her > Indemnity to
the Powers.
Means an Increase of Almost $70,-
DEPRECIATION OF SILVER
IS DISASTROUS TO CHINA
WASHINGTON, May 18.— So notice
able has been the improvement" of ( Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassaclor,
within the past forty-eight hours that it
is now predicted he will sufficiently re
cover to enable him to live for at least a
year. The Embassador will have, to re
linquish his post in Washington, however,
and devote himself to, taking care of his
health. His resignation probably will be
presented to the British Foreign Office
during the coming summer. It is not
known who will be named by the British
Government as his successor. Sir Percy
Sanderson continues to be mentioned for
the place. ."
Lord Pauncefote's withdrawal will bo
tho . occasion for an official expression of
the regret of the United States. He has
represented his Government in Washing
ton many years. Since 1893 he has held
the rank of an Embassador. He has been
the agent of. Great Britain In many im
portant negotiations, including the Bering
Sea, the Alaskan boundary and other
questions, and he negotiated the arbitra
tion treaty rejected by the Senate and the
Isthmian canal treaties.
Himself to Taking Care of His
Health.
British Emhassador Must Devote
PAUNCEFOTE TO RETIRE
DURING COMING SUMMER
San Jose, Triumph Lodge — F. J. Brandon, W.
mJcle. Tracy.- Westslde Lodge— H. J. Stotterau,
D. S. Canale. Trinity, Trinity Lodge— W. C.
BlsselL Truckee. Summit Lodge — W. McDou
gal.
Ukiah. Uklah Lodge— H. G. Wycoff, W. Lu
cas
Vacaville, Franklin Lodge^-W. S. KIHlngs
worth, S. W. Buck. Vallejo, Washington
Lodge— Harry Wilson Smith, J. M. Mitchell.
Ventura. Buena Lodge — O. T. Jones, E. M.
Jores. Vlsalla. Ylsalla Lodge — J. M. : Boyn
ton. R. A. Whltley.
Watsonvllle. Iolanthe Lodge — A. M. Martin,
J. B. Edwards. Winters, Damocles Lodge —
O. Seifert. AVoodbridge, Duroc Lodge — G.
Rutledge, B. McCreary- Woodland, Pythian
.Lodge — W. S.< Wall. D. J. Williams.
Yreka, Yreka Lodge— J. S. Beard, C. V.
Herman. : ' . ¦ " ~
change was short of cash and long on
stocks throughout the past week, and
business was almost at a. standstill. The
speech of the Colonial Secretary at Birm
ingham was worked by the bears for
nuch more than its real value and
> aused a Ehadinjr in the quotations on
consols.
The settlement disclosed a decided In
crease on American account. ; but this
principally consisted of the transferring
of transactions here from New York on
account of the high rates in Wall street.
The shares of the China Mutual Steam
Navigation Company rose on the pro
posal to purchase the business of the
company, and this in spite of the opposi
tion to the transfer among the director
ate. Pending the results of the peace
c-onference in South Africa mines were
more stagnant than ever.
BERLIN, May 18.— During the past
week the boerse was quite without initi
ative and wholly under the influence of
New York and London. Transactions
continued to shrink and quotations^ were
unusually sensitive to the effects of the
wnallesl buying and selling orders. This
inactivity, it is explained in the financial
reviews, is due to the waiting attitude
of London regarding the peace negotia
tions.
Speculators Await the Results of the
Peace Conference in South.
Africa.
LONDON. May IS.— The Stock Ex-
FOREIGN STOCK MARKETS
ABE DUTX AND INACTIVE
Coroner Jackson was informed that
Miss Williams was engaged to be married
to Pitts Duffleld of this city, a son of
General -P.. G. Duffleld of Detroit, and
that Duffield was at the hotel when Miss
Williams died, she having had him sum
moned.
The young woman and her mother had
been spending the winter at Saranac
Lake, York, on account of the poor
health of the daughter. Before leaving
Saranac Lake for New York City a phy
sician had prescribed strychnine pills for
Miss Williams, and the orders were that
she should take five before meals. She
was also given pills containing iron,
which were to be taken after meals. On
arising to-day she remarked to her maid
that she was feeling better, and then
went to breakfast. It seems from what
Coroner Jackson could gather that Miss
Williams, after she went again to her
room, took several of the strychnine pill3,
probably mistaking them for^the iron
pills. The death is put down a>of a pure
ly accidental character.
NEW YORK, May 18.— Miss Julia Wil
lis ms, aged 22 years, daughter of Mrs.
Julia Williams of Detroit, Mich., and said
to be a relative of Senator Hanna, died
to-day at the Fifth Avenue Hotel' of an
overdose, of strychnine taken in the form
of pills.
After finishing the naval bill this week
the House will take up the bill reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
relating to passports. One day will be
devoted to claims, the regular day for
that business last week having been post
poned. Under a special order a bill for
the restriction of immigration will be
taken up and it Is expected will cause
quite a lively debate. There also is a
prospect of taking up the Hill bill reJat-
Ing to subsidiary coinage. This measure
will be strongly antagonized by the mi
nority and may precipitate a discussion
of the currency question. Early in the
week the Committee on Rules will hold a
meeting to decide whether or not time
shall be given for the consideration of
the bill for a Pacific cable.
WASHINGTON, May IS.— The entire
time of the Senate for the present week
will be devoted to the consideration of
the Philippine government bill and there
are hopes that debate on that measure
will be completed before the end of the
week. The fact that there will be an ad
journment of the Senate covering next
Saturday, in order to permit that body to
participate in the unveiling of the Roch
ambeau statue, probably will have the
effect of postponing the final vote until
the following Monday or Tuesday. There
is, however, no longer doubt in any quar
ter that the minority will permit a vote
as soon as the debate on the bill shall be
exhausted. Under the present arrange
ment the bill will occupy most all the
time of the Senate this week, and the
prospects are against the sandwiching in
of much other business. Speeches in sup
port of the* bill are promised by. Senators
Burrows, Dolliver and Spoor er and in op
position to it by Senators Hoar, Bacon,
Patterson and others.
1 Sacramento, v Sacramento Lodge — J. Weizel,
J. .L. Cooper: Columbus Lodge R h'
Rhoads, F. . H. Waterland ; Confidence Lodge—
\V. H. Greenlaw. C. S. Van Roy; Capitol
Lodge— O. F. Graf, N. Mullln; Salinas, Salinas
Lodge — J. E. .Winter. D. L. Nicholson. San
Ardo. San Ardo Lodge — F. B. Crette San
Bernardino. Valley Lodge — W. D Wagner R
F. Allen, R. H. Curtis. San Diego. San Diego
Lodge— E., E. Whitney, I. I. Irwin; Red Star
Lodge— S. Shiller, W. W. Whitson H W
.Vincent. San Francisco, California Lodge-1
John Huber. Henry ¦ Weaver ; Damon— J H
Danton, J. Bruce Clifford; Golden Gate— M A* :
Samuels. M. C. Dunn; Laurel — Ernest Ulman'
George H. Wolfe: I vanhoe— Charles H. Known
¦burg. D. C. Shaffer; Alemanl a — H. L Judfill
K. Winter; Eureka — J. Healing, H. J Ramne'-
Harmonle—R: Thieman ; : Myrtle— C. AV Nevln'
C. S. Hoffman; South San Francisco C Milly'
J. P, Wllby : Syracuse — G. Rabbltt. A Wasch-
Unity — F. R. Stokes, ¦ C. H, Ashley, J ¦ c'
Lohmeyer; Golden City — A.. S. Jones, j' g' 1
Klemm, A. S. Tuchler; Falrmount James \"
Wilton, J. A. Christian; Bay City — j. s - am
utls.A.- H. Kasper: Roma — G. Marloni, G Pel- 1
lettleri. G. Calegarls. S.Glampolinl ; Jefferson
— A; N.'- Codegglla. M-" D- Martini; Sequoia-
Ernest Duden;'Mars-*-R.G. Barton." W.Kaur
mann.- Sanger. Sanger Lodge-:— J. B."Preealey.
% Red Bluff. Castle Lodge — J. Hendrickn W
A. Fish: Redlands. Redlands Lodge— F. P
Meserve, L. M. Hough: Redwood City. Redwood
City Lodge — W; E. Wagner, C. P. Finger- Rio
Vista, River . View Lodge — C. Kearney, T
McCormack; Riverside. Eunnyside Lodge D*
N. Findlay, G. Poore; Rocklin, Rocklin Lodee—
S. O.' Odom. . : •
1 Palo Alto, Palo Alto Lodge — A. N. Hum
phi eys; Pasadena, Pasadena Lodge — J. w.'
Allen,' A. L. Twombly; Perrls, Perris Lodge
•W. F. Budlong; Petaluma, Petaluma Lodge
A. M. Adams, C. C. Young; Petrolia, Mattole
Lodge — W. ,H. Rudolph; Placerville 1 , . Placer
ville Lodge — P. M. Eaton. J. Pearson; Pomona
Aetna Lodge — L. C. Hannum; Porterville Por
tervllle* Lodfre — J. C. Trefry.
Oakdale, Oakdale Lodge— C. T. McCabe;
Oakland. Live Oak Lodge — M. F. Muehlon
bruch, J. R. Sloan,; A. C. Bennett; Brooklyn
Lodge— J. E. Holmes Jr.; Liberty Lodge— A.
C. Partello, G. F. Collyer; Oakland Lodge— A.
F. Trahan. A. L Hannford, J. Gilman; West
-Oakland Lodge — L. E. Blumenberg, C. H.
Louie; Piedmont Lodge — E. Schwarzbaum,- ¦ P.
J. Ryan; Amazon Lodge — P. Reader, C. E.
Neal; Dirlgo Lodge — L. F. Herrick, C. F.
Wood. F. B. Larmer; Ontario, Ontario Lodge
E. Phillips: Orosl, Orosl • Lodge — F. N. : Bump-
Oroville, Oroville Lodge— J..K. Vail. -
Eagle Lodce— C. T.~ Tyte; Chlno." Nero Lodge
— W. M. Monro: Cottar." Colfax L6dge— R. ~A.
Peers; Colton, Colton Lodge— L. M. Sprecher,
M. A. Bagley; Coming, May wood Lodge — G.
H. Flournoy; Coulterville. Coultervllle. Lodge —
D. W. Park: Courtland, -Courtland Lodjf — S.
M. Bocle: Crescent City, Perseverance Lodge
— J. Krahl, F. W. Smith; Crockett, fcielby
Lodge— T. J. Christian, L. P. Ebert.
Davisvllle, Golden Seal Lodge— A. J. Plant;
Dixon, Othello Lodse — Benjamin Franklin
Newby, T. C. Horlgan; Dunsmuir. Eagle Cliff
Lodge— C. O. Clarke. T. R. Sklllincton; Dutch
Flat, Cedar Lodite — Braretoif.
Elslnore, Lake Elsinore Lodge — C. S. Mer
rifleld; Escondido, Themis Lodge — S. Stelner;
Eureka, Lincoln Lodge — A. Jordahl. H. S.
Turner: Exeter, Bonnie; Brae LodKe — J. IS.
Buckman, A. J. Buckman.
Ferndale. Aurora Lodse— G. "W. Clark, W.
M. Church; Folqbm, Folsom Lodge — F. Fritz,
G. A. Biggs; Forest, Bald Mountain Lodge —
T. Davis. U. P. Mott: Forest Hill, Fern Leaf
Lodge — J. T. KelJy; Fortuna, SpringvlUe Lodge
--Ii. A. Hansen, J. H. Hunter; Fowler,
Fowler Lodge — M. Brady: French Gulch — Fre
mont Lod>?e — C. L. Watson: Fresno, Vlneland
Lodge — E. Anderson, L. R. Cuthbert; Fresno
Lodge— O. P. Fuller, L. P. Klddsen.
Gait Gait Lodge — C. Orr, J. Hartman; Gar
bervllle, Garbervlile Ledge— W. S. Hull; Grass
Valley, Olympic Lodge — J. R. Froberg, S. T.
Jones, J. O'Donnell. ¦
Hanford, Hanford Lodge — F. Hickman, H.
Buck; Mussel Slough Lodge — D. Gamble; Hay
fork, Hayfork Lodge — L. Grigsby; HealdsburK.
FrtendehlD LodKe-*E. Bush, W. H. Skinner,
G. E. Bailhache; Highland, Highland Lodge—
C. M. Hill. A. S. Dolan; Jackson, Rathbone
Lodge— B. R.* Breese. G. W.j Brown.
Kern City. Sumner Lodge— G. F. Bennett,
O. F Howell; Keswick, Keswick Lodge — F. L.
Fowler; Knob. Gold Hill Lodge— C. Nealy, O.
Q. Larre. . . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ •*
Lincoln, Oakleaf Lodge — A. Hansen. "W. G.
B. Clark; Lockford, Vesper Lodge — W. Ennls;
Lodl, Lodt Lodge — A. E. Percival, F. J. Post;
Lompoc, Lompoc Lodge — W. R. Smith, A. M.
Reed; Long Beach. Lons Beach Lodge— G. C.
Craw, A. C. WalkerJ Los Angeles, Gauntlet
Lodge — H. C. Coble, W.'L. Wright; Samaon
Lodge — W. W. Stockwell; F. James; Los An
geles Lodge — M. S. Drake, J. G. Scarborough ;
Marathon Lodge — O. S. Ihrig; Los Gatos. Los
Gatos Lodge — R: F. Robertson. J. A, . Tudor.
Madera, Madera Lodge — M. : E. Kirby. J. W.
Thomas; Marlposa, Mariposa | Lodge — P. Kin
chin; Merced, Yosemlte Lodge — F. A. Robinson,
C. M. French ; Mendota, Sunset Lodge — E.
Grunlg; Modesto, Modesto Lodge— W. D. Bell,
J. M. Walthall ; Moneta. America Lodge— R.
B. Rogers; Monterey, Monterey Lodge — G. D.
Clark.
Napa, Fidelity Lodge— R. M. Keyser, R. M.
Butler; National "City, Loma Lodge — T. F.
Johnson; Needles, Mojave Lodge — J. P. Booth;
City, Milo Lodge— A. R. Lord. E. T.
R. Powell; New Almaden, Cinnabar Lodge —
J. T. Toy S. F. Carter; Newcastle, Placer
Lodge— D. A. Howcroft. G. H. Kellogg; New
man. Newman Lodge — J. D. Blackwell, N. A.
Thompson ;' Nlpoma, Nipoma Lodge — T. Jan
sen; North Bloomfleld, Spartan Lodge — M. C.
Harmon.
Debate on the Measure
Will Be Completed
This Week. .; -
/Young Woman of Detroit
Accidentally Kills
Herself.
Alameda,' Alameda LeGge— W. P. Dillon, W.
G. Chaplin; Alhambra, Alhambra Lodge — C.
Scheunnaman, R. Richardson; Amador," Ama
dor Lodge — J. B. Bennetts, J. Nlcholls; Angels
Camp, Angels Lodge — R. K. Campbell; Arcata,
North Star Lodge — A. G. Garcelon, C. L. Par
dee; Arroyo Grande, Arroyo Grande Lodge — \\C
A. Conrad Jr.: Au>urn. Auburn Lodge — R: F.
Burns. J. A. Predom. - ¦ . ,
BaJcerEfleld, Kern Lodge — F. T. Whorflf, '.T.
L. Schoenbach; Benicia, - Benlcla Lodge — K.
Estey. H. Hertzbrun; Berkeley, University
Lodge— J. W. Rlcardo, A. J. Alkalay; Bishop,
Inyo Lodge — W. A. Chalfant; Blue Lake, Mad
River Lodge — G. Ohlendick, T. S. Carrico;
Bodie, Mono Lodge — W. H. Vlrden: Bradley,
Bradley Lodge — S. C. Basham.
Carpinteria, Seaside Lodge — A. Cadwell;
Carters, Carter - Lodge— T. H. Rogers, C. H.
Holland; -Centerville, Centerville Lodse — P
Dusterberry; Chico, Pride of Butte Lodfre— j'
•W. Barker. J. F. Taggart; Chinese Camp,
There will be present the representa
tives from the subordinate lodges in addi
tion to the following named grand oC
flcers:
L.'S. Calkins, grand chancellor; Dr. D. K.
Trask, grand vice chancellor; B. V. Sargent,
grand prelate; S. G. Little, strand master of
the exchequer; Herman Schaffner, grand keep
er of records and seals; F. J. Bethel, grand
master at arms: C. Vermason, grand Inner
guard, and J. H. Johnston, grand center
guard. . , ~ . : . .•
The following Is the list of representa
tives to the Grand Lodge:. ; •'•¦¦¦
Dr. D. K. Trask of Los Angeles, the
incumbent grand vice chancellor, will be
come the grand chancellor, succeeding L.
S. Calkins of Nevada City. B. V. Sargent
of Salinas will be advanced from prelate
to grand vice chancellor, after which there
will be a "scrabble*' for the office of pre
late, which is the first step to the highest
office In the domain of the State. Among
those who are aspirants for that office
are R. F. Burns of Auburn, D. C. Clark
of Santa Cruz, S. N. Reed of Bakersfield,
F. J. Bethel of Stockton and C. O. Clark
of Dunsmuir. There will be several can
didates for the minor offices.
One of the reports to be presented will
be the one of the committee, on the
Pythian Home. This will ' show that
there is now to the credit of that institu
tion $11,144. \
The session, which is to continue for
five days, will open on Monday evening
with a reception to the delegates and
Grand Lodge officers, tendered by the
local lodges. Mayor gchmitz will deliver
the address of welcome to the visitors,
and Grand Chancellor L. S. Calkins of
Nevada City will respond for tjte order.
On Wednesday evening the Dramatic Or
der Knights of Khorassan will hold its
ceremonial session and will exemplify Its
dramatic work upon a few victims. On
Friday evening the drill teams of Unity
Lodge No. 61 of San Francisco . and of
Dirigo Lodge No. 224 of Oakland will ex
emplify the Knights' rank in amplified
form. •
The preparations for the Pythian na
tional gathering in this city, from August
10 to 20, will occupy the attention of the
assembled delegates, since the members
of the order have determined to make it
the most notable event in the history of
the fraternity.
Among the disbursements for 1901 ap
pears the items for sick benefits, funeral
expenses, relief, donations and for the ed
ucation of orphans, $62,933 78.
in Union Square Hall, Post street.
Four hundred delegates and Grand Lodge
officers will represent the ISO active lodges
with their 13,000 members. For many rea
sons the approaching session will be of
more than ordinary Interest to the order
In California, as well as to the entire fra
ternity. Nine new lodges have.been insti
tuted during the. last year, one In each of
the following places: Oakland, Garber
ville, Rocklln, Courtland, Junction City,
Hay Fork, Aetna, Edgwood and Oro
ville. The net Increase' in membership to
January 1, 1902, was 1400. Tb this should
bo added the gain since that date, which
is estimated at fully 500.. The gain in the
exchequers of the " subordinates is in ex
cess of 510,000.
THE California Grand Lodge,
Knights of Pythias, will convene
In this city for Its thirty-fourth
annual session beginning to-day
The principal work during the week was
tho passage of resolutions to provide for
better education of the clergy and the es
tablishment of a school cf corespondence
in connection with Vanderblit University.
The British and Canadian fraternal mes
sengers presented their addresses and
were cordially received by the conference
as a whole.
As soon as the war claim is disposed
of, If it can be disposed of at all. the
question of establishing the order of dea
connessea and the election of Bishops will
be taken up.
DALLAS, Tex., May 18.— The work of
the Methodist Episcopal church confer
ence was not as productive of results
during the past week as had been hoped
by the delegates, but the coming week
promises to bring about the settlement of
several of the most important questions.
Excitement in the conference yesterday
was at fever heat over the discussion of
the "war claim," and It was finally de-
cided to bring the matter up at 10 o clock
next Tuesday and give It the right of
way until a settlement of some kind Is
reached.
in Reaching a Settlement.
ence Delegates Find Difficulty
Methodist Episcopal Church Confer-
"WAR CLA.IM" PROVOKES
' AN EXCITING DEBATE
I The Deputy District Attorney during his
address to the jury referred to the ac
cused In terms so uncomplimentary that
' the court on one o^ two occasions had to
admonish him. He called Williams a
hypocritical biped and other terms, all of
which the accused took with good grace,
leaning back in his chair with his leg-*
crossed.
The jury after a deliberation of three
hours returned a verdict of not guilty.
That woman, gentlemen, was trying to
blackmail me. She wanted to get me into her
house tor that- purpose, and I was afraid of
her. • That's the reason I moved away from
there. I was almost afraid of my life. She
is a tigress, and any man would be afraid of
the woman. I am innocent, gentlemen, of any
intentional wrongdoing in this matter, and I
hope you will obey the dictates of justice by
acquitting me.
LOS ANGELES, May 18.-John Wil
liams, accused of beating Helen W. Co«
of Long Beach, addressed the jury yester
day in his own behalf. His speech was in
the nature of a confidential confab with
the jury. Said he:
Why, me attack an old woman Ilka her!
Think of me Jumping at tho throat of a 73
year-old lady like Mrs. Coe — me. who takes
long steps and short steps to avoid treading
on the little ants that crawl on the ground; me
who don't even fish because I can't bear to so*
the poor things flutter about and die out of
their natural element. Why. gentlemen. I am
the kindest-hearted Kan that ever lived; I
wouldn't harm a kitten, let alone a poor old
woman like Mrs. Coe. I would go hungry
rather than kill a bird.
Woman Defends Himself and
Is Acquitted.
Mr,n Accused . of Beating an Aged
CONVINCES THE JURY
OF HIS KINDNESS OF HEART
TAKES OVERDOSE
OF STRYCHNINE
This move was objected to and constant
quarreling followed. Finally matters
reached a crisis, for one morning the Pet
ersburg residents noticed a flre In the vi
cinity of the cabin. The next day an In
vestigation was made and the bodies of
the wife, mother and father were found In
the ruins. There were unmistakable ev
idence that they had been murdered. To
all appearances a double-bitted ax was the
weapon used. The murderer had then set
the building on fire and fled.
• "A white man, whose name la not given
killed , his Indian wife, ¦ her father and
mother, chopping them to pieces with an
ax and then burned the cabin to hide
traces of his crime. At last reoorts he
was still at liberty, i The murderer had
paid $100 for his wife, with the stipula
tion that her mother and father should re
side with them. This arrangement was
continued for some time, but the hus
band eventually became tired of It and
suggested a separation from the bride's
Siwash parents.
TACOMA, "Wash., May 18.— To-day's
Alaska mail contains meager particulars
of a tragedy which occurred near Wran
gle, May 7. A correspondent writing- to
the Juneau Dispatch tells- this story: ¦
White Man in the North Destroys
Domestic Relations by Triple
Crime. "
WIFE AND HER PARENTS
A MURDERER'S VICTIMS
Within three days there have been two
murders committed in Castroville and the
citizens are excited almost to the verge of
adopting desperate measures to maintain
a better respect for the law. The appall
ing tragedy to-day has called forth a
feeling, bitter and ominous In its In
tensity.
It is known that McCarthy did some
drinking in Castroville this morning:, ,but
he was not intoxicated. He is said to be
a youth of quick temper and he had been
arrested before for slight offenses.
The body of the mother was found ly
ing ujkm the floor of the sitting-room in
the cottage where the McCarthy family
had lived for years. From the position of
the body and the powder-bumed condition
of wounds, it is presumed that the mother
had been stricken to the ground, and
while lying on the floor was fatally shot.
The first known of the affair was dis
closed by the matricide who walked into
the office of T. P. Clark, Justice of tho
Peace of Castroville, and surrendered him
self. He was taken in charge by Sheriff
Keefe and brought to the County Jail
here. The Inquest will be held to-morrow.
The boy «vho is allttle : over 20 years of
age, returned from San Francisco yester
day, where he is employed as a janitor in
the Mills building. No known trouble had
existed between the mother and son. Mc-
Carthy Is a native of Castroville. whero
his father, Cornelius McCarthy, has re
sided many years with his wife and three
children, some of whom have married
and settled In the county. The murderer
lived here up to a couple of years ago and
since that time has frequently returned.
At the time of the crime he was perfectly
sober.
Four shots from a revolver were fired by
the murderer Into his victim's head at
close range. All of the bullets entered tho
right side of the hear* near the ear, and
death was instantaneous.
SALINAS, May 18.— John McCarthy shot
his mother to death at noon to-day at her
home in Castroville. The circumstances
of the tragedy have not yet been
learned, as the murderer and his victim.
were alone and the young man who com
mitted the crime refused to speak except
to acknowledge the deed and claim that
he acted in self-defense.
Special Dlsuatch to The Can.
Scrae of the lawyers decided to see the
Attorney General, who is in the city, and
point out to him that no one had a right
to maintain a private prison. Others fol
lowed them and then the police cleared
the corridors. Orders were given to city
detectives to watch every loiterer In or
near the hotel and to keep all moving.
Crowds gathered in Dominion Square,
opposite the hotel, expecting a scene at
any moment
It was an exciting moment, particularly
as strange men appeared in different
parts of the corridor and looked suspi
ciously at the crowd near the prisoners'
rooms. The arguments grew so heated
and the situation so serious that the po
lice lined up across the corridor and de
clared no man should pass them. Judge
Lafontaine was loudly denounced by sev
eral persons for sitting on Sunday, while
others shouted thar he was doing his
duty well. \
Judge Lafontaine said he would go in
and see the prisoners, but Inspector JMac-
Mahon shoved him <J)ack, and, backed
up by nine other men, shouted defiance
to the Judge or lawyer who dared to trv
to set into the rooms. The police de"
clared nothing would be stopped at if
the proposed rescue was tried in earnest.
Mr. Lemieux, crown prosecutor, said he
had no objections, but Senator Dandu
rand, acting for the United States, de
nounced the statement of a plot as a
lalsehood. It was then declared, amid
great excitement, that the reverse was
the case and that the excuse of placing
the prisoners in the jail simply meant
that as soon as the men were out of the
door of the hotel, hired men, hiding near
by, would spring upon the party and
drive them to a safe place.
The clash came about over > a rumor
that the prisoners' friends had a deep
laid plan to rescue them- It was neces
sary to get the prisoners out of the hotel
and so Judge J^afontaine was sent for
and told that an important point was to
l>e argued. Followea by a dozen lawyers
the Judfre went to the corridor, and,
within hfty feet of th. rooms occupied by
Gaynor and Green, opened court. Law
yers for the defense declared that they
knew of a plot on the part of the United
States authorities to kitinap the men at
iiight and hustle them out of tne country
in the same way that they had been
brought from CJuebec to Montreal. Mr.
Tascnereau demanded that his clients be
a.L once remove* to the common jail,
where they could be safely locked up.
MONTREAL, Quebec. May 18.— There
¦was an exciting scene in the corridor of
the fifth floor of the Windsor Hotel this
afternoon, when, for the first time in
Canada, within the recollection of law
yers, the hotel was turned into a court
of Justice on a Sunday afternoon. This
remarkable event was followed by a de
tei mined effort on the part of friends of
John F. Gaynor and Benjamin D. Green
to gain forcible entrance to their rooms.
Ten of the stoutest officers of the Mon
treal police force stood guard over the
prisoners, and when Mr. Taschereau, the
prisoners' counsel, tried to get through
their line he met with anything but po
lite treatment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seasons for the Appalling Tragedy
Are Hot Explained and Citizens
/ of the Town Express the
Greatest Indignation.
Guard Around the Prisoners Refuses
to Allow Either His Honor or
the Lawyers to See
Them.
Summon Montreal Judge to
Hold Court in Hotel
on Sunday.
Matricide Walks Calmly Into
an Office and Sur
renders./'
PHILIPPINE BILL
HEADS CALENDAR
Magoon declares that the "rights" rec
ognized by the protocols entered into by
Spain, Germany and Great Britain were
those constituting the sovereignty and
he flnds himself unable to agree with the
Embassador that the Spanisn sovereignty
was not recognized and internationally
established. Magoon says the restric
tions upon trade imposed by the military
government were due to the opinion of
the commander of the military forces en
gaged in the suppression of the insurrec
tion and that there was a military neces
sity therefor. The sovereignty of the
United States being established, recog
nized and submitted to -throughout tile
archipelago the nation will continue to
exercise its war powers thereover and
the peace powers will be exercised when
ever the conditions of peace prevail
The Drovisions of the protocols entered Into
by Germany. Grep.t Britain and Ssain In 1S77
and 18S5 constituted a grant creatine a per
petual easement in favor of Germany, Great
Britain and the other powers, which is a servi
tude upon the Sulu archipelago, diminishes the
fee thereof, and remains attached thereto. If
the rights secured to Germany and Great
Britain and the other powers by the protocols
are not vested by a grant, then they are rights
derived from the contract between the re
spective sovereignties of Spain, Germany and
Great Britain, which contract was in force
at the time the United States acquired sov
ereignty over the archipelago, and the obli
gations of the contract, incumbent on Spain,
passed to and became binding upon the United
States.
The United States did not acquire sover
eignty over the Sulu archii>elago by conquest
thereof, nor was the sovereignty there ever
confirmed unto the United States by the
treaty of Paris for the reason that Spain had
never acquired sovereignty in the said archi
pelago, nor was Spanish sovereignty therein
recognized and internationally established. *
The question raised by Germany as to
the sovereignty of the United States over
the Sulu islands was presented by the
German Embassador, who declared that
the military government in the Philip
pines was without the authority to reg
ulate, restrict or prohibit trade with the
inhabitants of the Philippine Islands. In
support of this contention the Embassa
dor advanced these propositions:-
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 18.— Germany's
efforts to impugn the sovereignty of the
United States in the Sulu archipelago
have been officially disclosed in a volume
of reports on the "Law of Civil Govern
ment Under Military Occupation." made
to the Secretary of War by\ Charles E.
Magoon," law officer of the Division of In
sular Affairs. • V '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is reported here that an engagement
will be fought to-morrow between the
revolutionary and Government forces
which will decide the future of the Presi
dent of the republic. General Castro.
The German cruiser Gazelle Is the only
foreign warship at Carupano. She will
protect the French as well as the German
residents there.
TKINIDAD, B. W. I., May 17.— The sea
port of Carupano, In the state of Bermu
dez, Venezuela, will be bombarded again
to-day at 2 o'clock by the Government
forces. The town will be attacked from
both land and sea. The "Venezuelan Gov
ernment notified the foreign Consuls at
Carupano forty-eight hours in advance of
the time when it was intended to attack
the port.
It is supposed here that the United
States Minister at Caracas, H. W. Bow
en, was the only foreign representative
there who received notification, of the
bombardment of Carupano, and it is said
that Mr. Bowen urged that an unfortified
town of Venezuela be not unnecessarily
bombarded. .
United States Minister Pro
tests Against Attack on
the Town.
Young Janitor Commits
Awful Crime at
Castroville,
Friends of *Gaynor and
Green Plan Forcible
. Rescue.
Contends That America Never
Acquired-Sovereignty
Over Archipelago.
Interesting Disclosure
Concerning the Sulu
Dispute.
Government Force Will
Bombard Seaport of
Venezuela.
YOUTH KILLS
HIS MOTHER
IN HER HOME
POLICE CHECK
PLOT TO FREE
THE CAPTIVES
RECORDS REVEAL
GERMANY'S CLAIM
SHELLS TO RAIN
UPON CARUPANO
THE SAN FRANCISCO iGAXiIi, v;MO]SroAYjv--MjflLY';- T .'l9,^'-1902.-
Reports Show That Nine Subordinate Branches Have Been
Instituted, Many Members - Have Been Initiated and
Gain in the Exchequers Amounts Into\the Thousands
GRAND LODGE, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS,
TO CONVENE IN UNION-SQUARE HALL
P. Poss; San Jose — A. LImberg, M.- Prescho.
San Lucas. Beatrice Lodge — O. E. Edwards.
San Luis'Obispo, Park Lodge — H. C. Fry. San
Pedro, San Pedro Lodge— A. Nlcoll. K. Glan
der. San Rafael. Tamalpaia Lodge — M. Her
aog. Santa ! Ana, Santa Ana Lodge — M. M.
"Johnson, W. C. Hannah. Santa Barbara,
Santa Barbara Lodge — C. Loveday; Castle
Rock— W. R. H. Welcon, IVT: P. Butcher.
Santa Cruz, Avalon Lodged— W. A. Corey, H.
D. Smith. A. H. Hecox. Santa Maria, Santa
Maria Lodge— S. Flelsher, F. Smith. Santa
Monica, Santa Monica Lodge— A. W. McPherr
son. A. F. Johnston. Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa
Lodge — J. D. CMeara, H. G. Hahman. Santa
Ynez. Santa Tnez Lodge — J. H. Cunnane. Scott
Valley, Scott Valley Lodge— J. M. «adley.
Selma, Selma Lodge — E. M. Townsend. Sierra
City, Sierra Lodge — "W. Essenenebrecher. Sis
son. Lily Lodge — H. A. Williams. Sonora,
Union Lodge— F. Sutton. St. Helena, Pluto
Lodge— W. A. McKlnder. J. Galewsky. Stock
\ton. Charter. Oak Lodge— W. A. Selllck..D. N.
Berlin; Centennial — L. H. Laing. H. A. Has
sall. L. "H. Abbott; Nemo — I. Martin, E. S.
Van Pelt. Sulsun, Sulsun Lodge — D. H.
White. H. Jensen. Summerland, Summer
land Lodge — J. E. Sloan.
Tehachapl, Tehachapl Lodge — F. C. Chor-
3
POSTUM CEREAL.
A car-load of Call Superior .
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready lor distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The -
C«ll are entitled to a copy of
this great book at tbe prem-
ium rate of $1 60. Out oi,
town subscribers desiring a ¦
copy of this .splendid prem- -
inm ¦will be supplied on ¦ re-
ceipt of f 1 5O. All mail
orders •trill be 'snipped by ex- '
press mt subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
' i - -. ¦ ¦¦•'.¦¦¦¦¦ . ... - ¦ — ' ."¦"*"
In People Who Do Not Know How to
Select Food and Drink Properly.
GAS FACTORIES
On the coffee question a lady says: "I
used to be so miserable after breakfast
that I did not know how to get through
the day. Life was a burden to me.
When I tried to sleep I was miserable
by having horrible dreams followed by
hours of wakefulness. Gas would rise
on my stomach and I would belch almost
continually. Then every few weeks I
would have a long siege of sick head-
aches. I tried a list of medicines and
physicians without benefit,
"Finally I concluded to give up my cof-
fee and tea altogether and use' Postum
Coffee. The first cup was a failure. Jt
was wishy-washy, and I offered to give
the remainder of the package to any one
who would take it. >
"I noticed later on In one of the adver-
tisements that Postum should be boiled
at least fifteen minutes to make it good. I
rsked the cook how she made It and she
f aid, 'Just the same as I did tea, being
careful not to let it steep too lonr.'
"1 read the directions and concluded
Postum bad not had a fair trial, so - we
made a new lot and boiled It fifteen or
twenty minutes. That time It came to
the table a different beverage and was so
delicious that we have been using it ever
I since.
"My sick headaches left entirely, as did
»y sleepless nights, and I am now a
different woman." Name given by Postum
Co.. Battle Creek, MichMONDAY ...MAY 19, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Atinn AH Ceionmrie»ttcnf U W. B. LEAKK, Manager.
4ik for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Connect
You With tile Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTeMOB St.
, /
EiellTered hy Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copied, R Cents.
Termn.br Hall, Including Postages
DAILY CALL Oncludln* Sundar). one yesx $8.00
Daily CALL rinclullnc Sunday). 6 months S.OO
11AILT CALL (including Sunday). S months 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Slncle Month 89c
6CNDAY CALL. One Year l.W
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Han subscribers In ordering; change of address should be
particular to giv* both NEW AND OLD- ADDRESS In order .
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
« A KLAND OFFICE 11 IS Broadwsr
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS.
Xtcagtr r«reiga Advertising, Kirfaette Building. Chicago.
« Lens Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORE CORRESPONDENT:
I. C. CAHLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON O>. C.) OFFICE 14O6 G St., W. W.
MORTON K. CRANE. Correspondent.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan Hcsee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, op«n
until »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open untU 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner. Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
, .Towrisend's California glace' fruit, 50c a
pound.- in tire-etched boxes or Jap,^bask
etfe.- A'-nice- present for Eastern ¦friend*
C29 Market- St.; Palace Hotel bulldlnc . •
information --supplied - daily . to
business houses ;;nd puirt!e'v,t>nen:.by' the
lUess Clipping Bureau (Allen's)^ 330 Cali
fdrnia street. Telephone , Main: 1042. >'•
Prunes stuffed with apricots: Townserid*s.*
Cal. glace fruit 30c per Ib at Townsend'a.*
.CONTRACT MARRIAGE— K. A. H..
City/r Iff parties'at this, time should enter
into a. contract marriage such would not
be valid.' : • ¦ ; - % -r'l-y
PACIFIC OIL, REPORTER— F. W., Co
lusa.Ca'l.-The Pacific Oil Reporter is pub
lished in San Francisco. ;
ANSWEKS TO COBJUESPONDENTS.
The Northern Paciflc Railway ta th# best.
cheapest and quickest route. -From Lewlstoti
end Stltes. Idaho, there are good wajon roadi
to etther Warrens or Dixie, from which points
»he trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, ate, address T. K. STATELER.
Q. A..i«MT Market St.. S. F.
?? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
What you pay for extracts la Important, but
what yon get is ten times more important. Bur
nett's Vanilla costs mor* because If s worth mora.
The Philippine debate affords a good opportunity
for high oratory in the Senate, but up to' this time it
has been rather rank than; high.
It is to be regretted that Mrs. Johnson's great age
and weakness forbid her to accept, the invitation.
They, however, interpose 1 obstacles that cannot be
overcome, and the royal return for democratic hos
pitality can go no further than the issue of the invi
tation and the manifestation of a grateful recollection.
The invitation manifests a grateful memory of
courtesies shown long ago. When, in i860, Edward,
whd was then Prince of Wales, visited this country,
James Buchanan was President of the United States,
and his niece, Miss Harriet Lane, presided at the
White House." The Prince was received and. enter
tained there with all the hospitality and cordiality
that has ever marked American democracy in its re
ception of the representatives of great. and friendly
nations. Through all the years that. have intervened
Edward has kept the recollection of his American
hosts, and now that he is King heinvitcs his hostess
of the old time to come and accept a return of her
hospitality.
KING EDWARD did a gracious thing when
he insisted that on coronation day his wife
should be crowned also, sb that she will be not
merely a Queen consort, but a veritable, .legally rec
ognized and crowned Queen, even as heV himself is
King. He has now shown an equal graciousness in
sending, under his own signature, a special invitation
to Mrs. Harriet L'ane Johnson to attend the corona
tion ceremonies at Westminster as a guest of his
household. ; . . .-
A GRACIOUS ACT.
The contrast ; presented by the two methods; of
dealing, with the ; wireless telegraph-service is worth
the attention of those who are studying the problem
of government ownership of public utilities. It is
not in any way an exceptional case. Private compe
tition can provide * for ; many miles . of:, wireless
telegraphy • in within ', as j many , months as it
takes years' for the' Government; to establish; -suchj
telegraphy^ between; two points that are within?eye
sight of one another.^-; Cair any sane rnan desire to
have all cur improyements in public-utilities, subject
to such slow processes as the« Government^i's fusing
in establishing communication from 1 the Farallones
to, this* city?; •• * -'/..¦¦¦/'¦;. r; : >"''..:; • -V^ 1^.^':^:' .'¦"
" .Contrast that with: the progress, 1 of a movement
to establish a wireless telegraph 'service under Gov
ernment control." , From San Franciscoto the Faral-,
lones is 110 great distance. In . comparison with
Alaskan distances it U a mere step. The Govern
ment has not called for bids from private contractors
to establish a wireless service from the Farallones to
San Francisco, but has undertaken to establish and
operate the service, itself. It has been engaged in
making preparations for* the' service -for a long time,
but as yet there is no slightest evidence to show
whether the service will be in operation this -year or.
next year or ten vears from now. In fact, it is. quite
probable that remote, far off, desolate Alaska will -be
enjoying. the advantages of ;wireless telegraphy While
the people of San Francisco are still watting for the
Government to decide which, kind of a plant it would
make use of if it should" ever decide to make use of
'any./ . ¦ ' . ' - ¦ , ' ,-?,, - • - '\ •
; Those bids represent private enterprise. They show,
what competition can do in the way/ of making use
of the latest achievements of science, and invention
and;applying them in the most remote and inacces
sible parts of the habitable world. Five or six dis-"
tirict, bidders are willing to guarantees wireless tele-';
graph service in "Alaska 'covering many miles of coast"
within a period not much longer than ninety days "•
from the time the contract is granted. :
a CCORDING to one report there . are : five
/V bidders for the privilege of establishing a
J. 1l wireless telegraph service in Alaska, but an
other report gives the number as six. Both reports
agree that the bidders represent three distinct sys
tems of telegraphing without wires. Each' of the
bidders is confident of. ability to comply with the re
quirements that the service shall be put into opera
tion before the short Alaskan summer ends, that it
will be adapted to general business and be capable
of transmitting from twenty to thirty words a
minute. ['"- . ' . .
M bASE ; UN . POjNT.
"Long before any statements had been
made public and before any action had
been taken by Congress the War Depart
ment had ordered a rigid investigation of
certain of .the charges, including the
charges of Major Gardener, the orders of
investigation as regards these particular
charges having gone out over three
months ago. The Investigation will be
one of the most thorough and sweeping
in character, and, if necessary, wllf be
made by the civil as well as the military
representatives of the Government In the
islands. I have directed that the court
martials be held unde- conditions which
will give me the right of review."
"I have received your letter and the
resolutions of the convention of the Pro
testant Episcopal church in the diocese
of Massachusetts. Permit me to" thank
you, and through you the convention, for
what has been done by you. I hope it is
unnecessary to say that no one. in the
country can be more anxious than I am—
save, perhaps, ¦ Secretary Root— to discov
er and punish every Instance of barbartty
by our troops In the Philippines. In ref
erence to these cruelties, I agree with
every word In your address. No provoca
tion, however great, can be accepted as
an excuse for the misuse of the necessary
severity of the war, and. above all, for
torture of any kind or shape.
Special Dispatch to The Call. <
BOSTON, May IS.— A letter from Presi
dent Roosevelt, dated May 9, in which he
declares his determination to discover and
punish every instance of barbarity by
United States troops in the Philippines,
has been made public by Bishop Lawrence
of the • Episcopal . Diocese 6f Massachu
setts. It was written in reply 'to a "com
munication from the Bihop sent by direc
tion of the convention of the diocese to
place before the President resolutions
condemning the alleged cruelties and ex
pressing confidence in the administration.
The letter follows: - - f«r-'..< \. :
OFFENDERS IN
PHILIPPINES
MUST SUFFER
: It Is not altogether the thing to ; play
ping-pong In -New , York , now. When the
powhtown* people take up a. fad- it becomes
common; . and > thej,uptown-,people < would
deprive -', themselves of any amount j of
amusement for ; the sole • purpose of; be
ing, exclusive. "The game that : has : taken
the place ' of pihg : pong is'croquet," which
has been ; revived .with' a : few "such added
Great preparations are being, made In
the islands for the wedding of Mary Rice
and Walter Scott, which will take place
on the 25th of June. ." The grooni-elect left
this city, a couple, of . wec-s ago. His aia
ter, Miss Ella, Scott, leaves on Thursday
with Miss, Georgia Spieker. 'Miss Spieker
Is to be a bridesmaid— and a charming
one she will ' be— and will wear an airy
fairy-Lillian gown of pink dotted chiffon
over silk. : Miss Anna; Rice, a sister of
the bride, will be' maid of honor. After
the festivities i»lr. ; Scott will bring his
wife to San "Francisco, where they will
resiae. v We will' be interested' to see the
future Mrs. Scott, for we haven't had a
glimpse of her yet. Miss Kice was born
in the islands and has always lived there.
U Princess Poniatowski " and Mrs. William
H. Crocker 'are at Burlingame, as usual,
while their sister, Mrs. George Sperry,
will open her cottage at Lake Alt a on the
nrtst of "the month. Miss Elsie Sperry will
entertain Kafhryn Robinson.; 'Mr. and
Mrs. . Edward j Eyre have gone to Europe,
but Miss Mary Eyre has taken their home
at; Menlo and wlU keep "Gleneyre"" closed
this summer. . Mrs. George Hyde has
opened her San Mateo home. Mrs. Nellie
Hyde-Smith is also at San Mateo. Mr.
and Mrs; Schwerln are at San Mateo. Mr.
and Mrs. Russeil Wilson have the Crock
ett cottage at Bunaigame. Mrs. Thomas
Magee Jr. divides her time between Fruit
vale and Burlingame. Several of the re
sorts are immensely popular, but Burlin
game will remain" J'the rich man's Para
dise."
Miss Sophia Pierce has not gone yet,
but , she will be leaving soon for Port
Ludlow, where she will spend a little time
with her aunt, Mrs. Cyrus' Walker. Ethel
Cooper Is having , a good time at Napa
Soda Springs. ,
. If the fair maids and matrons that
make up San Francisco's charmed circle
have as good a time at country places os
they anticipated while they were making
enthusiastic preparations/: then the trou
ble of shopping, having gowns'fitted arvl
packing trunks was . move, than worth
while. They will be coming back again
in a few weeks with happy faces and
tanned complexions, talking constantly of
their delightful happenings until the first
cotillon with its new coterie of men. Ido
hope" that the debutantes who came out
-last fair will have as good times next
year. Some are In doubt as to the atten
tion they will receive, inasmuch as. there
will be more than twenty-five new debu
tantes* next season; but the 1901-02 girls
are not worrying about that very much,
as they are getting such wonderful letters
while they, are away from one Prince
Charming or another, that they feelvery
interesting themselves and wonder what
the rest of the world will do when they
tell their happy secret and plans for the
future.
The Gould baby, at present the center
of so much comment, is the younger of
six children who certainly make their
presence felt, judging from the festivities
that reign at Georgian court. Mrs. Gould
Is a devoted mother, and prefers their
country home or a yacht to any place
on earth. The family will not go to
Newport this summer, "as was reported,
but in the fall may sail across the pond
to get the air. •'¦ SALLY SHARP.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, who has been llv
ii:g so quietly this season, spending sev
eral days of each week at her country
Lome, made a sensation among her
friends at Gotham by renouncing all "tne
pomps and vanities of this wicked world"
in the capacity of godmother > for the in
fant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George
Gould. Her present was the handsomest
and daintiest prayer-book she counld find.
.This is a new role for Mrs. Fish, though
she Is ever the pink of propriety. No mat
ter how unforunately enthusiastic her
friends become over their wine at an oc
casional dinner, Mrs. Fish never forgets
her reserve and dignity. She seems to
feel that the weight of New York so
ciety Is upon her shoulders, and that she
must carry.lt gracefully. She is certain
ly shifting the burden, however, as the
only affair she has given of any formality
this season is a dinner to seventy. She
is greatly missed with her clever and
original idea's of^ entertaining. Where will
New York find another leader who will
not expect every lady to . fit a pattern,
whether it conforms with' one's individu
ality or not?
If Mrs. Herman Oelrichs does not have
a good time at London this summer it
will not be because the fates have for
gotten her. Mrs. Oelrichs and her sister,
Virginia-Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.—
have been invited to visit Consuelo, the
Duchess of Marlborough, at . Blenheim.
They will probably be entertained at the
Duchess' new London residence at the time
of the coronation. When we stop to think
that Mrs. Vanderbilt is a sister-in-law
to the ninth Duchess of Marlborough and
that the Duchess has been invited to wait
upon Queen Alexandra at the court cere
monies, we see that the Fair girls are
very close to things. Mrs. George Crocker
and Mrs. Oelrichs will spend the month
of June together in London. Mrs. John
Mackay will throw open the doors of her
town house to a number of American vis
itors. This will bo a summer of hospital
ity across the pond, and many Americans
will be handsomely entertained.
features as betting for the sake of adding
new zest to an old game.
On the Pacific Coast the conditions are uniformly
cheerful. Everything the coast produces seems to be
wanted in some quarter of the world, and, with one
or two exceptions, there is no dullness reported in
any line of business. An especially gratifying feature
is the current advance in all the leading grains, which
cannot but favorably affect trade. Wheat has gone up
considerably during the past fortnight and the demand
for it is now first rate. Barley and oats are steadily
advancing under light supplies and a good and in
creasing inquiry. AH the available corn has been
bought up by a San Francisco firm, which is mark
ing up quotations every day or so. Hides are higher
ind dairy produce is moving off well at quotations
above the average at this time of the year. Dried
fruit is so cleaned up that most lines are practically
exhausted. Salmon is in better demand and canned
fruits ami vegetables are also meeting with an im
proved inquiry. Wool alone is dull, but this is due
to the Eastern strikes, which have checked the ope
rations of buyers, and the undertone of the market
is one of firmness. The abundance of money is well
illustrated by the promptness with which the offer
ing of $5,000,000 of 4 per cent bonds of the United
Railroads of San Francisco were taken up, the whole
line being absorbed in a single day, with so many
surplus orders received that the larger subscriptions'
will have to be scaled down to accommodate the
smaller ones. Thus, whatever may be the condition
of trade-in other parts of the country, the Pacific
Coast is enjoying a period of prosperity which shows
no signs of cessation. In brief, times were never
better in California than they are to-day.
The staples were more or less irregular. Wheat
advanced and the minor cereals were also firm and
pointing upward, with the exception of corn, which
was weaker, with more disposition on the part of the
Western farmers to let go. Hides were very
strong and more active. Provisions were unsettled,
but ruled firm at a slight advance. The woolen
goods trade showed rather more life, but the cotton
export trade was dull. Footwear was reported in
good demand in the West, but dull along the more
densely populated Atlantic seaboard. Thus it will
be seen that considered as a whole the trade of the
country was decidedly irregular last week, firmness
in some lines being offset by weakness in others, this
condition prevailing everywhere except on the Pa
cific Coast. As far as the bank clearings given above
show, the net result was rather unfavorable than
otherwise.
*-t-»RADE again showed signs of irregularity and
1 hesitation last week. How much of this was
•*• due to the coal strike is impossible to say at
the moment, but judging from the commercial senti
ment throughout the country, as indicated by the
press dispatches, the strike has already had the -ef
fect of checking a good deal of business which
otherwise would have been done. If the walkout
extends all over the country, as intimated by the
leaders, it is feared that not only the iron and steel
trades, already handicapped by scarcity of material,
but the railroads as well, will be tied up, in which
case the loss to the country's business will be enor
mous. The apprehension of this possible condition
caused a weak feeling in Wall street at the close of
the week, especially as everybody had previously
been assured that there would be no strike, hence the
tinal announcement of the walkout came as an un
pleasant surprise. Another unfavorable feature was
the announcement that the wheat crop of the country
would fall below previous estimates, owing to the
recent dry weather in the Southwest and to wet
weather in the Northwest, the latter having materi
ally delayed seeding and curtailed the wheat acreage
in that section. Still another bearish feature to gen
eral business was the decline in the country's bank
clearings, which showed a loss of 30.8 per cent, as
compared with the same week last year, while the
aggregated clearingvfell to $2,384,492,000, the small
est total for several weeks. The failures were 228,
against 177 for the same week last year.
TRADE IRREGULAR AGAIN.
OUTING WILL
SUPPLY GOSSIP
FOR SOCIETY
The unlucky cruiser Sparltiate has made
another unsuccessul steam trial and has
returned to the Portsmouth 'dock yards' for
several months' repairs to her machinery.
She was delivered in April 1900, since
which four attempts have been made to
pass through the regulation steam tests.
? •/ ¦•
The defects in the new French
armored cruiser Jeanne d'Arc are
not confined to the machinery alone.
The hull is alleged to vibrate Ed
'The British armored cruiser Leviathan,
14,100 tons, built at Clydebank, has been
delivered at the Portsmouth dock yard.
She made the fun of 570'mlles at an aver
age speed of 19 knots, which was consider
ed satisfactory arid giving a, fair promise
of .'.attaining the ... contract requirements
of 23 knots during eight hours.
The three battleships, King Edward VII.
Commonwealth and' Dominion, recently
begun, will be .of 16,350 tons displacement
and 18.5 knots speed, and will carry main
batteries of four 12-inch; four 9.2-inch and
ten 6-inch :- guns.. The estimated cost of
each ship is $5,625,000. The five battleships
for United States navy, recently contract
ed for are of 14,918 tons displacement and
19 knots speed; carrying main batteries of
four 12-inch, eight 8-lnch and twelve 6
inch guns and are estimated to cost from
$6,377,149 25 to $6,176,C12 25, according to lo
falittes at -which they are built. The King
Edward VII is building at Devenport
cocKy&rd. The Commonwealth and Do
minion have been contracted for while
all the battleships for our navy are being
built in private yards.
SIX battleships and one cmiser of
" the British Mediterranean squadron
had a full speed trial recently
from Palma to Gibraltar, a distance
of 342 miles. The ships arrived in
the following order: Mars, 16.2 knots:
Niobe," cruiser, 16.1; Jupiter, 16; Hannibal,
15.9; Magnificent, 15.7; Majestic. 15.5. The
engines of the Prince George broke down.
All the battleships.are rated at 17.o knots,
but fell considerably short of their speed
trials in this occasion, while the Niobe of
11,000 tons, built four years ago, did not
come up to her trial speed within a.l
knots.,.
- Builders of the sixteen destroyers and
nine torpedo-boats claim that they have
expended $2,052,117 more on these vessels
than they are paid under their contracts
The plan of -reconstructing the three
Italian battleships, Duilio. Italia and Le
panto, has been abandoned. They were
built, in 1S76, 1S80 and 1S83 in the order
named at a total cost of about 116,000,000,
but -have become obsolete to such- an ex
tent as to make } their . modernizing un
profitable.''They- were-* triumphs of naval
architecture in their day, and the Italian
naval constructors have ever since main
tained the reputation of combining theory
with practice to a degree not excelled In
any other navy. ,
.Thirty-seven new vessels will be laid
down In France during the present fi
nancial year. Three battleships are to be
built by contract and one in a dockyard;
one armored cruiser Is given to a private
yard and a sister ship to a dockyard. Two
destroyers, thirteen submarine boats and
one torpedo-boat are divided between the
government yards, and fifteen torpedo
boats are to be bpilt by contract
such an extent when steaming
at high speed as^to make it impossible
to use the big guns, with accuracy. It is
not alone that the ship will eventually
shake itself to pieces unless measures are
taken to remedy this defect, but its fight
ing efficiency as a gun platform is, of
course, largely reduced. A 'French naval
expert claims that the disproportion be
tween the length and beam indicates
faulty design, and that the hull is in ad
dition flimsily constructed in order to
carry engines of great power and weight
and a large coal supply. The Jeanne d'Arc
is 477 feet 2 inches in length, 63 feet
S inches iii beam, displacing with 1460 tons
of coal in her bunkers 11,200 tons on a
draught of 26 feet 7 inches, and her triple
screw engines are of 23,000 horsepower.
The new armored cruisers in course of con
struction are of 1200 tons less displacement
and, while 24 feet shorter, have the same
beam of the Jeanne d'Arc. Their engines
are of 20,000-horse-power. Four of this im
proved type are nearing completion and
are likely to prove good ships.
The naval strength" of six principal pdw
era in China waters was 438,156- tons., on
May 1, divided as follows: Great Britain,
164,287 tons; Russia, 92,646; France. 71.5C6:
United States, 48,520; Germany, 48.381, and
Italy. 12,828 tons. The number of British.
Russian, French and German ships stay
ing at their respective stations at the same
time - was as follows: Hongkong, 24
Port Arthur, 18; Kiaouchow Bay 10 - Sa - !
gon, 16.
The German battleships Wittlesbach,
Wettln and Xachringen are being hurried
toward completion and will I have their
trials before winter. They were fcwgun in
October, November and December, 1S99.
and will therefore have taken about three
years to build and complete. - .."-¦.-. «¦
In the Norwegiaqjnavy tenders are in
vited for most of the articles entering into
the construction of vessels as well as the
ship outfit and clothes of "the sailors.
England has hitherto been a successful
bidder, notwithstanding the Norwegian
government gives a preference of 15 per
cent to native tenders. . :.
with the United States Navy Department.
The chiefs of Bureaus of Construction
and Steam Engineering recommended that
the claims be referred to Congress, but
Rear Admiral Bradford. Chief of the
Equipment Bureau, opposes the payment
of any additional sums to contractors. Be
warns the department against taking
such action, as it will furnish a precedent
for all contractors-hereafter, delaying the
construction of vessel3"as may suit their
convenience, and for demanding payments
in excess of sums stipulated in their "con
tracts. The Navy Department has of late
years been lenient -with, contractors, and
there wa3 no good reason for the recent
extension of time granted to the builders
of the Tacoma, South Dakota and Cali
fornia. The Tacoma Is due on contract
delivery June 14, 1903, and was extended
March 27 last, to May 1, 1903. Work on the
other two armored cruisers shows prac
tically no progress, although the ships
were contracted for January 10, 1901, to be
completed in three years. Secretary Long
graciously extended the date of delivery
of these two ships to December 31, 1904.
H. M. BATTLESHIP MARS, THE FASTEST OF THE FORMIDABLE FLOATING ENGINES OF WAR THAT CON
': STITUTE GREAT BRITAIN'S SQUADRON IN THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA. THE VESSEL DEMONSTRATED
HER SPEED CAPACITY DURING A RECENT TEST RUN IN WHICH SIX OTHER WARSHIPS PARTICIPATED.
He begins his reign, therefore, with some compen
sations for the handicap of ill. health, weakness and
inexperience. How he can advance a race so proud
of its past and so indifferent. to present conditions as
the Spanish it is difficult to see. He will have for
many years, however, the guidance of his wise and
brave mother, and it may be his reign will fulfill
some, at least, of. the hopes of the patriots who greet
ed him so loyally at. his coronation.
Of his '.mental characteristics, it is said he is gen
erous, capricious, mischievous, and wfiile prone to
melancholy, has, like many another melancholy man,
a large fund of humor. He has some capacity for
work and is ambitious.,.. It is narrated of him .that
once when his teacher was explaining to him the con
stitution of Spain 1 and "the* mechanism of government
he exclaimed: "What is left" ipx. me in all this par
liamentary business? Where ismy place, my'power,
my authority?" Finally, , it is noted that he has al
ways displayed courage whenever in his carefully
guarded life there has ever been an opportunity for
displaying it. • . - •
A recent writer, in describing' affairs at the Spanish
court, says of Alfonso that he is.the "living portrait
of his mother, and adds: ,'^niall and.fraili.his;slen
der body makes his head seem, more than alive.': He
has the forehead, the close^set, eyes, the nobility of
expression of his motherland &er attractive bearing"
and carriage. The pale face shows' distinction, that
is .marked still more by the famous Hapsbiirg lip.
His mother has given him an education that is per
haps i too select, too.hi&h^The little King has also
taken from her tenacious .perseverance, a perfect
character of inadaptability^ he is doubly a Spaniard.
His education has left him' an independent mind and
the gift of initiative. If ' Spain can rise again the
King will lift her up; so those who know hope."
The stately ceremonies, .which were conducted
largely upon medieval 1 models, were disturbed for a
moment by an incident that; recalled the present and
gave notice of the disturbed- and discontented condi
tion of the Spanish populace.' A young man rushed
from the crowd and tried to present a petition to the
King. It was at once assumed that an attempt at
assassination had been made, and while an investiga
tion showed that the youth was* but a harmless luna
tic, the anxiety that prevailed until the "truth was
made known reveals how conscious the Spanish peo
ple are of the dangers that /menace the new reign. :'
Alfonso has been so Carefully reared by his mother,
the Queen Regent, that those who know him best
have high expectations" of his career on the throne.
Reappears torbe natiirallybf a good disposition and
to have been "w^ll trained for* the duties he is to un
dertake;' but he is not strong, either physically or
mentally, and there is no telling whether he will be
able to exert an influence strong enough to be felt
either for good or for evil.
/ a LFONSO of : Spain; the young Prince whose
y\ delicate health has given rise to so many fears
•**¦ and anxieties ever since his birth, has safely
atiamed his sixteenth birthday, and upon taking the
coronation oath has been duly installed King. Reports
tell us he bore his part in the ceremony with dignity
and with grace. It was noted that he pronounced
the oath with singular; clearness and earnestness, and
the. people,'- ever ready, '-to-.- sympathize with youth
when called to serious ; responsibilities, has greeted
his accession to the. throne with acclamations that
betokened both joy and loyalty. \ . .
ALFONSO ; XiIi v OF 'ISPAlN.
¦Massachusetts papers are indignant j because the
Governor of Arkansas pardoned a negro on condi
tion that he should go to-; Massachusetts, and yet it
is not long ago .that The Call had occasion to. note
the action of a Massachusetts Judge who permitted
a criminal in that State to go free on condition that
he would come to California.. .. '.'. : .,.''-. ; ...
Gage, by the assistance of Dan Kevane, may be a
fairly successful practitioner in the criminal courts,
but he is unfitted to be Governor of California. He
has no regard for the duties of the office and no re
spect for its responsibilities. He desires the place
merely that he may use it for the advantage 'of his
friends and his # friends are predatory politicians^, who
are not at all scrupulous how they plunder' the State.'
Here, then, are two specimens of Gage's adminis
tration. They show the kind of men to whom Gage
intrusts the management of the affairs of the State
while he is attending to Herrin's^schemes. and doing
politics with the bosses whom Herrin controls. When
added to the list of other offenses which have been
exploited from time to time it win be seen that Gage
ends his term as he began it, with a scandalous dis
regard for the public welfare. .
The violations of the specifications occur at points
that threaten to affect the value of the whole work.
For the purpose of guarding against the destructive
teredo, it is provided in the contract that the piers
shall be constructed upon what is known as the "cyl
inder concrete process," which consists in driving
large wooden cylinders into the mud, pumping out
the water and mud and. then filling. the cylinders with
concrete, so that when the teredo wears the wood
away the concrete will securely sustain the wharves.
It will be seen that if'the work be not carefully done
the concrete columns will be weak and worthless and
all the superstructure that rests upon them will be
endangered. In fact, some experts who have
watched the way in which the specifications are being
violated have, not hesitated to say they would not be
surprised if some day the wharves now being con
structed slip into the bay, causing an enormous dam
age to property and a" heavy loss of life:
The second revelation of The Call, published with
ample detail on Sunday, shows the gross mismanage
ment of the Gage officials in supervising work on the
water front. The specifications of the contracts for
constructing car ferry slips and ; piers ; have been
grossly violated in many important particulars un
der the very eyes of the officials charged with the
duty, of enforcing the contract, and seemingly with
the connivance of at least some of them.
It is clear from this transaction that somebody had
Kern County bonds which he or they wished to un
leoad before they were retired and found the Gage
officials ready and accommodating. It may have
been a mere case of incompetency, but it cannot be
denied that it looks like something worse.
The circumstances under which the purchase was
made render the transaction worse than appears on
the face. Not only did the bonds declare in express
terms that they were redeemable at any time before
maturity at the pleasure of the county, but the county
had actually taken steps. to redeem and retire them.
The question of their retirement had beea submitted
to the people and the people had voted in favor of
the proposition. The Board of Supervisors had ar
ranged for their, retirement. A question affecting the
legality of the' proceedings had been raised in the
courts and tried.. All those proceedings were of
record, and yet Gage's officials paid for the bonds the
high premiums that have been stated.;
The first of the two disclosures was made by The
Call on Saturday and consisted in the revelation that
Gage's outside law partner, Daniel Kevane, and Assist
ant Attorney General Post, acting as the State Board
of Examiners, purchased two lots of Kern County 6 per
cent bonds, which upon the face were redeemable, at
the pleasure of the county at any time at par with
accrued interest, and paid for each lot a heavy pre
mium. Thus, for one lot of fifty bonds, having a par
value of $50,000, they paid $61,061 66, and for the
second lot, having a par value of $37,000, they paid
$4S,i8s 63. The premium paid on the first lot over
and above par value and interest accrued was $10,290,
while that on the second lot was $8080 80. In less
than six months Kern County redeemed the bonds,
paying for them only their par value with the inter
est due, thus obtaining them for $16,637 29 less than
the State paid for them.
With many of the" bad acts of Gage's administra
tion the public has long been familiar. Recently,
however, The Call ha^ had occasion to reveal two
more of them and to disclose the fact that the public
is not yet fully aware of the extent of the incompe
tence or worse with which Gage and his allies have
mismanaged the affairs of the people. ,
FROM the first Gage's administration has been
a scandal and if it cannot be .said -to have
grown worse from month tp month it is only
because his very first action in "office, that of schem
ing and working with Billy Herrin to bring about
the election of Dan Burns, to the United States Sen
ate, was about as scandalous a job as is possible in
American politics. From that time on, however,
Gage has piled one offense upon another. He, has
made the .interests of the commonwealth subservient
to corporation bosses, has debauched the public ser
vice by filling it with political henchmen, has de
graded the normal schools and . charitable institu
tions of the State by' making theni a part of the spoils
of politics, has vetoed good measures providing for
the general welfare and approved bad ones, and, in
short, has entered readily into any kind of scheme
calculated to win him the support of the^bosses. and
corrupt corporations, through. whose aid he hopes to
dominate the Republican Convention and procure a
renomination.
MARS THE SWIFTEST OF BRITAIN'S
SQUADRON IN THE MEDITERRANEAN
This remembrance on the part of the King will win
for. him no little esteem among the '-American: people. ¦
The^act is simple, ' but it is gracious and graceful.'
There is in it a touch 'of true humanity .that, will
please: the hearts of -democrats as well as princes.; It
is no slight thing to remember a courtesy for forty-:
two years and then act upon it with genuine kindli
ness. King Edward is a gentleman. ., ' -
GAGE'S ADMINISTRATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, MAY 19, 1902,
4
TWENTIETH CEMTUBY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Coolc Books
has Just arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at tbe buxlneii office
of this paper. All Call sub-
serlbers are entitled to a copy
of .tills c'rent Cook Book at
the prcuiinm price, of flfty
cents./. •*', ....
. An ' additional charge of 2ft
cents to 'pay expressase will
tie ; required from oat of - town
subscribers or der In s by mall.
Call «u.bscrlber« contemplating a ehanir* ol
residence dvrlns tbe summer months ca^hsre
their paper tor-warded by mall to their nevr
addresses by notifying- The Call Business OClce.
Tnls paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented uy a local scent in
all tovrnn an ttic coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOB. THE SUMMERCall at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
The quickest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited' you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
Twenty-two and 25 caliber rifle, 60 yards —
C. M. Dalss. 19. 21. 21, 22. 23, 25. 25, 28- Dr.
Twist, 25, 25, 2S, 28. 3& C. L. Glmmel. 35, 41,
A. H. Cody. 58, 59. 68; G. Mannel. 69, 82. 88.
Military and repeating rifles, 200 yards. Creed
moor count — F. O. Young (Sharp's military),
49. 47. 47. 45. 44. 44. 44, 44; J. Key. 39. '
Pistol. 50 yards — Ed Hovey, 30, 39, 44, 46.
54; F. O. Young, 37, 37, 41, 53; G. M. Barley,
42. 43, 43; R. Schneider, 5C, 64,^71; G. Mannel,
77.
Revolver. 50 yards — A. J. Brannagan, 43, 45.
40. 48; Dr. Twist, 72.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
held Its bi-monthly shoot at Harbor View
yesterday, despite the heavy wind. Ed
Hovey scored 30 points with a pistol — the
best ever made -on the range. His ten
shots were: 2, 2, 6, 1, 7, 2, 3, 2, 4, 1—30.
P. O. Young led the rifle contingent,
shooting his military with six-pound pull.
He scored 56 rings, or 49 Creedmoor count.
Scores on Columbia target, off-hand
shooting, rifle, 200 yards:
Hovey Establishes Pistol Record.
The question of jurisdiction was. lsiter
taken before the Supreme Court of the
United States and a decision adverse to
Mrs. Botkin was rendered.
The case aroused the most Intense in
terest in this State and in the State of
Delaware. Mrs. Botkin was enamoured of
John P. Dunning, the San Francisco head
of the Associated Press, and it is alleged
she sent a box of poisoned candy to Mrs.
Dunning, who was in August, 1898, stop
ping with her father in Dover, Del. Her
sister, Mrs. Lelia H. Deane, was also a
guest of -her father at the time. \Both
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane ate a por
tion of the candy and death followed.
Mrs. Botkin was arrested, tried and con
victed, but owing to an error in the
Judge's charge to the jury she was grant
ed a new trial by the Supreme Court.
District Attorney, Byington said yester
day that he had held" a consultation with
Judge ' Cook Saturday, and v it was ar
ranged that the District Attorney should
make application to the Board 'of Super
visors to include in the annual estimates
a sum to cover the expenses of the wit
nesses from . Delaware. It is thought thi*
sum will be included, but if not, the
money will be forwarded, anyhow/ as un
der the general law the District Attorney
Is empowered to incur all necessary ex
penses in connection with a trial. - There
are about twenty witnesses and their ex
penses at the last trial amounted to about
$12,000.
The remittitur In the case of Mrs. Cor
del!a_Botkin, convicted of murder, is
daily expected by Presiding Judge Cook
from the Supreme v Court at Washington,
and as soon as he receives It active prep
arations will at once be made for her sec
ond trial.
Will Ask for Funds to Pay
Witnesses' Expenses From
Delaware.
District Attorney Makes
Preparations for Sec
ond Trial.
BOTKIN CASE TO
COME UP SOON
The body of Patrick J. Beirne,, a' paint
er, was ; taken to the Morgue yesterday
morning from St. Luke's Hospital.* Belrne
was working at a "house on Ivy avenue
belonging to Mrs. -Donahue about a week
ago, and, after finishing the job,' she ask
ed him to repair the skylight, as it waa
leaking. He climbed a stationary ladder,
fixed the skylight, and, while descending,
one of the rungs broke 1 and he fell to the
ground, sustaining a compound fractjure
of the leg. Saturday the leg was. ampu
tated at St. Luke's Hospital- and Beirne
died yesterday morning from the shock.
He was 29 years of age and lived at 231
Shipley street. . . .,. 1
Painter Dies From Shock.
Classes From Medical and Dental
Colleges, to Hold Joint Com
mencement Exercises.
The graduating classes of th« Califor
nia Medisal College and the San Francis
co Dental College will hold Joint com
mencement exercises to-morrow ¦ evening
in Metropolitan Temple. Forty-four den
tists and six doctors will be awarded their
degrees-. ' • . -
Miss Margaret Barry, a talented young
lady who has achieved an enviable repu
tation In the East as a dramatic reader,
will make her first appearance in this city
at the exercises. Her selection for tho
occasion Is "The -Gamin," from Victor
Hugo'B "Les . Miserables." Henry M.
Owens, the colleges' secretary, will pro
side, and Rev.' William Rader will de
liver' the Invocation and address. Miss
Adeline - Birchler will sing the "Star
spangled Banner," and the Knickerbocker
Qxiartet will render a number of selec
tions.
The deadly parallel Is doubly fatal when
it tackles love letters. .
DIPLOMAS READY FOR
DOCTORS AND DENTISTS
George and Robert Whitney, the ; coast
champions, played some fast matches at
Burlingame yesterday. ' George beat Rob
ert, 6-4, and Joe Tobin, 6-3. Robert beat
Tobln, 6-4. In doubles George - Whitney
and Prescott Scott tied- Robert Whitney
and Joe^Tobin. The score was 6-2, 1-6.
In doubles Carl Gardner and..- Frank
Mitchell came- within an ace of 'beating
Collier and Crowell. The latter must be
losing their skill, for lately they, have
found it difficult on several occasions to
win from teams composed of -lower, class
men. \ The score In favor .of- Collier and
Crowell was 6-3, 9-11, 6-4. Orville Pratt
and Sidney Salisbury beat Frank String
ham and George Whlpple, «-3,. 6-3, 10-8.
James A. Code, formerly of the Califor
nia Club, is the originator of the Idea and
was elected president. Charles Dunlaji is
vice president and J. F. Brady secretary
and treasurer. The board of directors is
composed of L«. C. 3 Bozart, Harry E.
Roiith, G. K. Bates and J. M. Baker. The
new club will be called the Golden Gate
Park Lawn Tennis Club ,and in future
will handle all tournaments held on the
public courts. There will be no initiation
fee, and as the monthly dues are small
nearly all of the frequenters of the park
courts will join. •
Charles Dunlap made the best showing
on the public courts yesterday." He beat
both James Code and Harry Routh. The
score in the former match was 6-3 and in
the_; latter 6-2, 7-5. Routh and George
Bates played a match In which the for
mer was victorious after a close struggle.
The score In Routh s favor was 6-3^-8-6.
Other singles matches resulted as fol
lows: Janes beat J. F.' Brady, 6-4; C.
Griffin beat Brown, 6-4, 6-2, 5-7, 6-2; P.
Martin beat Charles Ross. 6-2; Whittle
beat J. Coffey, 6-0. In doubles Brady and
Black beat Janes and Reading, 8-6; G. K.
Bates and F. Long beat L. C. Bozart and
J. A. Code, 6-4, 7-5; Ed Flnnigan and
Cummings beat Brown and Janes, 10-8;
B^ady and Code were beaten by Bates
and Long, 5-1.
On the California Club courts Harold
Crowell' and Will Collier furnished the
best match of the day. The latter was a
trifle too steady for his partner and beat
him two sets out^ of .three. The score
was 6-2, 6-4, 8-10. Joe Dally "beat* G. N.
Armsby, 6-0, 6-1, 6-4: J. G. Gibson .beat
James McKenzie three .sets out of five;
Frank Strlngham beat George Whlpple,
6-2-7-5; Orville Pratt beat Sidney Salis
bury, 6-2, 6-3, 7-5; Dr. Morrow beat Judge
Kerrigan, 6-4, 6-1; Nelson Shaw tied
Bigelow, 6-1, 4-6; A. Worthlngton . beat
Dr. Noble. 6-2, 6-2, 2-6.
The strong wind blowing yesterday did
not keep the tennis enthusiasts away
from the tennis courts and some good
matches were played on the Park and
California Club grounds. The park play
ers formed- a club and will apply for ad
mission to the Pacific States Lawn- Ten
nis Association, the governing body on
the coast. f ,
Body Governing the Pastime
on This Coast.
Will Apply for Membership ' in the
PARK TENNIS PLAYERS
: / ORGANIZE A GLU3
More.than 400 members of the fraternal
organization were seated at the banquet
beard and for two hours enjoyed a boun-'
teous repast. The leading members of the
French colony were present and a large
number of ladies were among the guests.
The retiring president was supported by
the incoming president, Charles Artigues,
and P. A. Bergerot was the toastmaster.
President Dupas of the French Benevo
lent Society was a guest of honor, and at
the head of the banquet board were A.
Gostiaux, Judges Bahrs, Cabaniss and
Kerrigan, Dr. Artigues, P. A.- BergeroV
A. Bergerot Sr.^nd J. Pouchon.
The retiring president was presented
with . a diamond-studded gold locket by
the members of the league, felicitous
speeches being made by the toastmaster
and the recipient of the gift. Speeches
were also made by A. Gostiaux, * Judge
Bahrs, Judge Kerrigan, Judge .Cabaniss,
M. Dupas and Charles Artigues, the in
coming president.
>A pleasing programme of music and
song was. rendered by an orchestra and
Miss Julie Cptte, Madame Phister, M..
Misple and Emil Penez. •
. The annual banquet of La Ligue Henry
IV took- place : last -; evening at .Union
Square Hall, on ; Post street, the affair
being given in honor of the retiring presi
dent, Jules S. Godeau.' . • ¦
Leading Members of -"French.
Colony Attend the
Gathering.
Jules S.- Godeau, Retiring
President, Presented
¦ With Locket. "
LIGUE HENRY IV
GIVES BANQUET
During his fatal Illness Lord Dufferin.
had the advantage of the presence of his
daughter, who Is a highly trained nurse.
Lady Hermione Blackwood was trained
as a probationer at the London Hospital.
Whitechapel. and then as a district nurse.
: Alexander P. Doyle, editor, of the Cath
olic World, which is published' In" New
York, lectured last night at the • Paullst
r Church, corner of Dupont and California
streets. : His subject , was the. -Pope* a
latest letter '. to America, In ; . it the : Pope
statedt ".We bless the Catholic church
and we know that It will all the • time add
to the vast colony it has already formed.
We * have." earned ¦ the 'Inspiration' of the
Bible andtthe title of Catholics. ; We have
achieved results all : over ' the world. Our
missionaries ¦'are everywhere. ¦ The Cath
olics ,• truly . deserve . the , plaudits of . re
ligion." . The Pope further ' gave illustra
tions of .the good work'done by the Cath
olics and told in a measure how to further
Its good 'work.
TI#ectures on Catholics. "i\
' HAVANA, May. 18.— The collection ¦ of
receipts under the American regime closed
last night. Full reports are not in from
all parts of the Islands,' but .the indica
tions now are , that ¦ Governor General
Wood will leave in the treasury about
$400,000. This Is .less than the amount it
was estimated a few days ago would be
turned over ' to ithe^new government, the
shortage being due to the rush in the
payment of ¦ warrants -last week. * v v
Treasury Receipts Fall Short.
HAD EVENTFUL CAREER.
William Taylor was born May 2, 1821,
In Rockbrldge County. Virginia. He en
tered the university when twenty-one
years old and his career as a preacher,
evangelist and missionary was an event
ful one. His fields of Christian endeavor
and labors included countries in all con
tinents of the world. His first pastoral
charge .was in the mountains of his native
State, where as a member of the Balti
more Conference he . preached for seven
years.
In 1849 he came to San Francisco and
for seven years labored among the rugged
and restless miners, adventurers and sail
ors who then comprised the greater part
of the population. He built the first
Methodist Episcopal church in San Fran
cisco and the site of the present City Hall
once stood in the name of William Taylor,
In trust for the church » he represented.
Many pioneers will recall the memorable
gospel meetings conducted by the Rev.
William Taylor in Portsmouth Square.
In 1852 the young minister and his fam
ily located in Alameda.
For seven years after leaving California
in 1856 he traveled over the United States
and Canada as an evangelist. The next'
fourteen years were spent In missionary
work in Australia, Cape Colony, . South
Africa, Hindostan, the West Indies and in
South America.
.He came back to this country as a del
egate to the general conference held In
Philadelphia in 1884. He went forth from
that conference with his title of Bishop
and with the continent of Africa as his
diocese.
MADE MANY CONVERTS.
In Natal, Kaffraria, Johannesburg, Pre
toria, St. Paul de Loando, Liberia and. all
along the eastern and western coasts of
South Africa Bishop Taylor made thou
sands of converts to Christianity. The
Bishop, with a corps of faithful assistants,
would fearlessly invade the territory oc
cupied by the fiercest tribes in South
Africa for the purpose of spreading the
gospel of Christ. The results of his pro
digious efforts were phenomenal and gave
a powerful impulse to the cause of Meth
odism among the natives and Europeans
in South Africa. Wherever Bishop Taylor
preached he was greeted by great crowds.
Even In the more civilized centers and at
the mission stations the church accom
modations were too limited for the con
gregations. Where the people could not
understand him In English Bishop Taylor
PALO ALTO, May 13.— Bishop Wil
liam Taylor of the- Methodist
Episcopal church died at the
home of his son, the Rev.
Ross Taylor, in Palo Alto this
afternoon. His death Is the. culmination
of a lingering Illness, with paralysis a3
the Immediate cause^
Bishop Taylor had just passed his 81st
birthday and sixtieth year of service in
the Methodist church. He was placed
on the retired list in 1894, and since 1858
has resided nearly all of the time in Palo
Alto.
ST. LOUIS, May IS.— J. A. Mlddleton,
general- freight agent of the St Louis and
San Francisco' Railroad Company, testi
fied before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission In St. Louis \ that his road had
given rebates on grain shipments In viola
tion of the interstate commerce law, and
i™s expected that the commission will at
once ask for an injunction to restrain that
railroad company from further violation.
The hearing was conducted by Special
Agent Marchard and before Special Com
missioners* Prouty and Flfer.
Mlddleton' s testimony was to the effect
that 'the Frisco, prlqr to January 1, 1902,
had made .refunds to the Brlnson-Judd
Grain Company and Langdenbilrg • & Co.
on grain brought to the Mississippi River.
He stated that the Frisco had been^ forced
to this practice by the competition of oth
er lines, which since have been enjoined.
The Frisco, according to the statement
of a freight official,, will make no objec
tion to an injunction; in fact, it is stated
that the company would rajher prefer to
have it. An Injunction against the Frisco
will j put all the roads in the grain terri
tory on the same basis.
Makes Some Very Important
Admissions.
Freight Agent of the Frisco Road
ADMITS; THE COMPANY
GAVE ; CERTAIN' REBATES
Bishop Taylor was a member of the So
ciety of California -Pioneers. He* leaves
a wife and four sons, Senator E. K. Tay
lor, City Recorder M. S. Taylor and Har
ry R. -Taylor, all of Alameda, and the
Rev. Ross Taylor of Palo Alto.
He .retained 'a merry, boyish heart to
the last, -and possessed a fineness of tem
perament and a generosity of spirit that
endeared him to all with whom he came
in contact. ¦ .-
MERRY TO THE LAST.
California Methodism was always proud
of him, not only as the custodian of its
early traditions, but as the hero of Its
most thrilling experiences.
Everything about Bishop Taylor was of
the e'pic- strain."' His great- frame, "put
up," as he was used to say, to "keep In
al! climates"; his wonderful.. voice, his
headlong convictions, ; the #pathos and
grandeur In his preaching and. prayer and
his impetuous activity made him a nota
ble figure. •
Bishop Taylor was "the author of sev
eral volumes depleting stirring scenes and
events in his long career in the cause of
Christianity. • '
Bishop Taylor was retired from active
work In the episcopacy four years ago be
cause of advanced age. Since his retire
ment he passed his time with members of
his family in New York, Georgia, Ala
meda and Palo Alto. . , .
At another place a "devil doctor," who
had deluded the natives for years, pushed
to the front to hear Bishop Taylor tell of
the Christian religion. Daubed with red
paint and robed In the skins of wild ani
mals, the "devil, doctor" presented a gro
tesque "appearance. After hearing Bishop
Taylor's exhortattons the native priest
was profoundly impressed and Immediate
ly became a convert: ,
CONVERTS "DEVIL DOCTOR."
of the city required that every native bo
at home at 8:30 o'clock.* j
DISTINGUISHED PRELATE OF THE METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHUR(5h ;
WHO DIED AT AN ADVANCED AGE IN PALO ALTO AFTER ' MANY
YEARS OF EMINENT RELIGIOUS SERVICE. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJ^ MONDAY, MAY 19, 1902.
Well - Known Dignitary -of 'the ;; Methodist
Episcopal Church- Succumbs to; a Pro-v
longed Illness in the Town of Paio Alto
DEATH CLOSES NOTABLE CAREER
OF VENERABLE BISHOP TAYLOR
5
utilized . Interpreters. To' this day > many
of the Christianized natives of . South
Africa date their conversion • from -"the
time when the ..William Taylor wind'went
¦by." ¦-;¦.¦ ¦--.¦¦..: ..-. '.': . j: r : v '•:¦...'..
Bishop Taylor's last tour of South Af
rica, made five years ago, was replete"
with picturesque incidents. In Pretoria
he _was the guest of Paul Kruger, the
famous President of the Transvaal repub
lic. One Sunday evening, in response, to
Bishop Taylor's appeal, twenty negroes
came to him as seekers after salvation.
While they knelt the curfew sounded, and
'to the Bishop's astonishment the natives
arose and dashed away. In explanation
Bishop Taylor was informed that the law
1/ ?™*t 33 1 /
/a off I iirSif'^ o p & /a 0FF
f 222-224 SUTTER ST. s -
Please take nclice that on June 1st we shall consolidate our business
. with that of GOLMBERG. BOWEN CO, at 232 Sutter street (one door
above our present »cation); where with increased facilities we hope td be
•honored with youiS continued patronage. •"
' Thanking you *r past favors, we remain,
\ ° UfS VC Z LEBENB AUM & CO.
'v-vv In addition to t\e above notice, we wish to assure you that your ac-
count will be • mtst welcome with our firm at any of our stores. We
. shall aim to please yo\ and merit your confidence.
; \ Yours respectfully.
1 GOLDBERG, BOWEN & CO.
FOR THIS ENTIRE WEEK
This will be they-AST 25 per ct. REDUCTION
SALE on all LIQUORS and WINES.
if of our own bottling or by^the gallon. x . .
On all imported wines and liquors and those not of our bottling, 10 pef
cent reduction. „
This sale includes Bourbon and Rye Whiskies, Brandies. Cognacs,
Cocktails, Gin, Rum. Punches, etc., Californian Clarets, Sauternes, White
and Sweet Wines, French and German Wines, Bitters, Vermouth and
Dutch Cordials. - ." . .' . .'•„
No reduction on Champagne, Beer, Ale, Porter, Malt Extract or Min-
Grocery specials All Week
Also for the LAST TIME 25 per ct. off on our
% entire line of TEAS.
Regular pride from 50c to $2 per lb.
Olive OiV'Santa Ana" brand,bot 75c Apricots orYeflow Crawford Peaches,
Re^ly 85c/. Purest ' and ;' highest **£& gV^- 2 ca °2^IS
grade this State produces. • .:2$&&?j£S& Special.^ rfffiffi
RICE, Island Head No. 1, 18 lbs $1.00 J^* ttWlt . „
Reg-i^i3 ib* $l- lUfflAiuti, wnoie
. , ¦ Reg'.ly 12%c large *-lb tin lOc
TatiK and Jellies "II fe Ca\" Reg-iy n.50 doz 81.15
jams anil Jellies, L. L. a VO a "New Era" brand— the best.-
-g : 3 Jars 50c Bath Brick, Powdered, 7 pek 25c
- Our best home-made— while stock on For cleaning Knives, Sinks, etc.- /
hand lasts. Reg. 25c Jar. Reg*ly.5c pkg. ,'¦ ¦
¦ LAST SPECIAL SALE NEXT WEEK-WATCH PAPERS.
An additional charge of 2O*
centa to pay expresiage wUl
be required from out of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
A. ear-load of Coolc . Boole*
has Jnit arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the business offleo
of thin paper. All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of thla great Coolc Boole at
the premium prico of fifty
centa.
TWEHTIETH CENTUBY COOK BOOKS
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
PLAYING TO THE CAPACITY.
The Musical and Comedy Hit,
THE
SINGING GIRL
Coming — To Charm Everybody,
"THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
vaudevillFsurprises!
8 Ficchiani Sisters; Midgley and
Carlisle; Xotta Gladstone; Little
Elsie; Dooley and Fowley; Lew
Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Kelly
and Kent, and last week of Hiss
Chester's Statue Dog.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Scats and Opera. Chairs, 50c .
EtELASCO **"»TnALES \&*A"f}££.
TO-NIGHT— ALIf THIS WEEK.
If ATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Maxmificent Production of the Famous Melo-
trama.
Woman Against Woman
A Powerful Play — A Great Cast.
First Appearance Here of the Brilliant Actress,
mi!SS=» FANNY McINTYRE.
tDTPFC Evenings .10c to 60c
Milled Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week "HANDS ACROSS THE SEA"
TO-NIGHT.
FIRST PERFORMANCE
Of the
LONDON AND NEW YORK FARCE COMEDY
SUCCESS. THE
BRIXTON
BURGLARY
Enacted by the Entire Alcazar Stock Company.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
mfCC Night 15c, 25c, 35c 60c and 75c
WCO Matinee 15c25c 35c and 50c
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY,
FRIDAY, MAY 30.
LAUGHTER FROM RISE TO FALL OF
CURTAIN.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
/ AND COMPANY
In Augustin' Daly's Amusing Comedy,
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
: BARGAIN'*"""*'* BVERY" "*¦'";
: MATINEE THURSDAY. :
: 23c and 50c 4 :
..i. ........
Next — Sunday. May 25, the Romantic Comedy,
"THE RED KNIGHT."
By George H. Broadhurst.
EEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Beginning THIS EVENING.
Farewell Week of the Popular Author-Actor,
EDWARD HARreiGArV
In Mr. Harrigan's Celebrated Comedy,
"WADDY GOOGAN."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c 60c 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
ELKS' NIGHT. TUESDAY. May 20.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS, THURSDAY. May 22
NEXT WEEK— MAUDE FEALY.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
BACON AND VANE; BYRNE AND WEST:
MAUDE AND GLADYS SORENSEN; JACK
SYMONDS: PETC(HING BROTHERS:
GRANT AND GRANT, and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
A Host of Attractions on tin Grounds.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission 10c Children *..'.. .60
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
National Fire
¦' \ ¦ ... .. .. . i
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D» 1901, and for the year ending on
that ttay, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by. the Commissioner.
T . : " . , 'CAPITAL. . '.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..'. *399'OB 32
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 647,715 00
Cash Mafket Value of aU Stocb
and Bonds owned by. Company.. 3,627.469 00
Cash in Company's Office o »|"
Cash, in Banks •TA^T" 819 ' 574 °°
Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tlon 609.737 87
Total Assets ;........:'....... $5.604.216 42
. LIABILITIES. * .
Losses adjusted and unpaid. ...... $.101,074 87
Losses in process of Adjustment or _
inSuspense 22
Losses resisted, including expenses 23,606 60
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,272,- _
456 31; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 1,136,223 15
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,548,-
832 50; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,419,258 00
Contingent reserve fund 25.000 00
All other liabilities 179.7 t 9 42
Total Liabilities $3,122.943 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir* „ _
premiums $3,433,158 »O
Received for interest on Bonds and _.„_„-
Mortgages........ 89.628 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and '>¦_' '7;
" from all other sources.. 153> ?22 J2
Received for Rents 4,158 60
Pront and Loss • 138 10
. Total Income ....$3,630.386 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
¦ (including $200,864 05, losses of
previous years :.. $1,751,880 44
Dividends to Stockholders.. 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for. Commission or > v ¦-
Brokerage •' 651.599 21
PaiA.for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,- etc.. 207,625 59
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ; • 110.967 74
All" other payments and expendi-
tures •• 360,594 06
Total Expenditures .$3,202,667 04
v - . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . .$1.867,068 12
Risks and Premiums. Fire . Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ' Risks '
written- during the 1 ;'
year $520,605,644 $4,794,779 83
Net amount of Risks • •
. expired - during the - - VlSffPBvBD
year . . : ; . . ¦ 391,259,277 3,719,379 20
Net amount in force - ' . - .-•'._
December 31. 1001.. 506,668.065 4.821.288 81
" . JAMES NICHOLS, . President.
v B. R. STILLMAN,- Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to bet ore me -this 13th
day of January. 1902.
fFRED B. SEYMOUR, Notary Public
Springfield
Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Or SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATS OS!
Massachusetts, on tho 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year ' ending oa !
that day. as mada to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the Stata of California, pursuant to
the provisions of flections 610 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
-CAPITAL. ' / \
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up •
to Cash .7.|2.000iOOO,0(J
ASSETS. c .:'Vt V
Real Estate owned by Company.. $222,325 00
Loans 'on Bonds and Mortgages... 654.450 0Q
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
¦ and Bonds owned by Company. . 4,084,040 OQ
Amounts . of Loans - secured by
pledge of Bonds. 8tocks and
other marketable securities as
• collateral ; 21.375 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,810 34
Cash in Banks 409 699 OS
Interest due and accrued oa ail
Stocks and Loans >. 27.303 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ¦ ¦ .'
and Mortgages .-. 13,623 23
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • • i. ........ 843,838 02
Rents due and accrued 1,355 84
Due from other Companies for Re- '
Insurance on losses already paid . 12.764 57
Total Assets ....f 5.898.887 48
V)"'.*. LIABILITIES. c !
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... $33,822 31
Losses in process of Adjustment or ' . • ¦
in Suspense ."218.862 18
Losses resisted, including expenses 84,758 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,008,-
- 602 54; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,004 301 2T
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,056,-
167 46; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,159 283 IS
Commissions and Brokerage due-
and to become due -. 108.667 2t
Total Liabilities ..;... $2. 611.692 15
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums $3,922,073 03
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages '' 8056333
Received for Interest and dividends —
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 159 fijj.a ra
Received for Rents 71
Total Income $3,115,947 85
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for. Firs Losses
(including $195,556 64. losses of
previous years) .$1,490,180 37
Dividends to Stockholders 150.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 561.822 08
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 121.964 57
Paid for State. National and Local
• taxes , 87,215 85
All other payments and expend!- ¦ ¦ _
tures 313.558 20
Total Expenditures .$2,734,741 07
• Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1,615,683 19
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
- Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $313,573,672 $3,923,493 8T
Net amount of Risks
expired during .ths Mt]H
year 208.811,547 2,874,350 84
Net - amount Jn force
December 31. 1001.. 402,150.165,4,064.770 00
. A. VT. DAMOX. President.
W. J/MACKAT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day of January. 1902. '
PERCT S. GATES. Notary Public.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE— *^i'
" PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
34 Sansome Street, Corner Bush.
GEO. D. DORNINi GEO. W. DORNIN, I
Manager. Asst. Manager.
There are many enthusiastic citizens In
San Francisco prepared to tell their ex-
perience for the public good. Testimony
from such a source is the best evidence,'
and will prove a "helping hand", to scores
of readers. Read the following state-
ment: "" •
Mrs. B. Carrington, of 168 Linden ave-
nue, (B. Carring,ton, packer), says:
"Reading a paper one evening I chanced
to notice that Doan's Kidney Pills cured
backache and other incidentals due -¦¦ to
either excited or weakened kidneys. . I
was subject to pain ,ln the back always
more acute if I cautht-cold or over-ex-
erted myself. At the time I noticed -the
advertisement I was actually suffering I
think more than usual, and procured a
box of the Pills at the Owl Drug store
1128 Market street. The. treatment stopped
tho last attack. Other . members of • my
family have used Doan's Kidney Pills
and received as undoubted : benefit. My
advice • to * anyone troubled with kidney
complaint In any of its' forms is to use
Doan's Kidney Pills." '. . •
.For sale. by. all •¦ dealers, price 60 cents
a box. Foster-Mllbum Co., Buffalo, N.Y.,
sole agents for the United States,
Remember the name— Doan's— and : take
no other.
Is Gladly Extended by a San Fran-
cinco Citizen. «
A HELPING HAND
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location.
unsurpassed cuisine,
onequalcd ser-
vice ' and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
LAST TWO MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And Hit Company in His Greatest Success,
THE 5EC0ND iN COmMAND
By Eebert Kirshill. author cf "A Boytl Family." I
DDIf EC Evenings. $2, SI 60. SI. 75c. 50c, 25c
I IWWLO Matinees, $1 50, (1, 75c, 50c, 25c
Commencing MONDAY, May 26,
KATHRYN KIDDER,
In an Elaborate Revival of David Garrick'i
Immortal Comedy, .
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
FISCHERS THEATER |
CFarrell, bet. * Stockton and Powell Sts.
Telephone Main 231.
AND ] BEGINS THE
TO- SEVENTH
NIGHT I WEEK.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
With new, striking features. Come and hear
Anna Held's famous sons'. "MOLLIE SHAN-
NON." by Geo. H. Ryan of "Frisco," the latest
great hit, and new things by Kolb, Dill, Ber-
nard. Blake, Hermsen, Amber, Galllck, Hope
Emerson, and something new again by the best
of all choruses. Night • prices 25c and 50c
Matinees. Saturday anO Sunday, 25c Children
at Matinees 10c
ROSEJHOW.
Eighteenth Exhibit of the
California
State Floral Society
in the
GRAND NAVE OF THE FERRY BUILDING,
San Francisco,
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY, May
22. 23. 24. ,
-10 a. m. to 10 p. m/
MusJc will be furnished every evening by
the Band from the U. S. S. PENSACOLA.
ADMISSION. 25c.
people . are Slacking /.! in,
nervous strength. The
weak, care-worn, melan-
choly, headachy, and low-,
spirited men and women
are easily excited,' impa-
tient, fidgety, and unable
to sleep at night. Worn-
out nerves must be built
up, an4 the vitality of the
whole system replenished
before relief can come
"The least bit of noise or sodden"
' jar would nearly drive me crazr, and
I was just too fidgety for anything. I \
was so nervous thatl could not rest or.
sleep.' The first dose of Dr. Miles'
Nervine brought me sleep, and after
that I got well fast"
Mrs. A. R. Morreix, Arcola, Dls.
D«. Miles'
Nerving
builds up the \ nerves,,
strengthens the brain,' and ¦
¦¦ fortifies and refreshes die
xwholc system.
': ¦ ¦ ; : : Sold by druggists on guarantee.
¦ '¦] Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhar^ Ind. :_
COZY • COAGHES'
Lighted as it te'witK re^l electric
lights zo\d luxuriously appointed
the most brilliantly beautifVi^ traiiv /
in the world is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED
AMUSEMENTS.
AD V-K-tt'lMSEMETTTSL | -clean scores were made.
-, In the expert's contest M. O. Feudner and
C. C. Nauman .tied for first prize. Nau
man, in shooting his first score of fifteen,
-broke twelve blue rocks and was moved
back to the eighteen-yard mark to shoot
his second score. M, O. Feuder. in his
first score. made fourteen out of the pos
sible fifteen. ' In consequence of his good
shooting he was placed on the twenty
yard line for his second fifteen birds. In
the second scores, Feudner secured twelve
while Nauman grassed fourteen. The
shoot-off between Nauman and Feudner
caused considerable excitement. Nauman
won by just one blue rock. He broke
twenty, while Keudner secured nineteen.
The scores made in the expert class
were:
SCORES MADE BY MEMBERS OF CLASS I.
«,» >, Fr ? nc T lsc S Grut11 . shooting section, bulls
«;.K Ha^- ?e « thlrd> °- ' Imd orf fourth. J.' Furrer
fifth, .L.<H*user sixth. J.v Bachmann seventh
A.. von Wyl eighth. J. Schumacher ninth.
(cadet) 1422,'. F.C. Hagerup 2279 H Becker
(cadet) 1262. G.: Richmuller Sr. ie64. C. ulytl
F 5^^;^ 0^ ( c C . a(iet) ,S£*-' M - "Hartter 82"
F.-Rjede WU,. L.. Simon 15C.1. J. C. Waller 1644
Mi U n m^ 1 l?™; R C; Mason :1 «. F livers
Phii« T- 11 ?"-^"^ 27T ' H - Eckmann . 03™
Blks-e'ft" ¦ ' acneunert . 2754. M
t*T, Hardin , Countv v Iowa - there ; *s - a
wealthy stockman, Thomas A. Walker
whose possessions Include the identical 24
efinNew^
• California Schuetzen < Club, bullseye ¦ shoot—
O. Burmelster 1508, F. A. Schrumpf 696, L.
Meyerhoffer- 1137,. John Horstmann '1357,' : A.
vonWyl 986, Captain -F. A. Kuhls 597, Li- C.
Boulne 040, F. Attlnger -1067.. John -Bachmann
587. C. Peach 1029, ~- C Zimmerman 2195, Dr.
Atkin 451, A.' Sohlman 782, E. Englander 90S,
K.'Langer 1225,r C. M. Roeseau 1501. L. Thier
bach 1041.': R. Rahwyler 335. W. Blasse 700.
L. Rink 2231. H. Enger 1613, L. Reubold 1172,
E.;.Woener 1270, F. Bremer ' (cadet) 3059 G
Tammeyer 756. A. Utschlg 1738,- J." Straub 1483
H.\Kuhls 1095, J. Kuhlmann 614. A." Bertehien
F. E. -Mason of the California Schuetzen
Club, during the bullseye shoot, jnade the
phenomenal score of 36." This score has
not been equaled in a long time. >C* N.
Henderson was the next, highest,. '¦ with
277, and F. Levers 314. The summary fol
lows:' '<7\n '/'if ".•• -..' : - ¦ . v ¦' .-¦ ' ' ¦ '¦¦ ¦ •
SAN RAFAEL, May 18.— Many marks
n;en tried their ¦skill .at Schuetzen Park
butts, near San Rafael, to-day. Although
the. . wind was- 1 strong,' some" excellent
scores were recorded. The • California
Schuetzen Club held | its regular semi
monthly bullseye shoot, while the Turn
Verein Shooting Section, Grutll Shooting
Section and: San Francisco 'Verein Ein
trucht each sent delegations to contest in
th« various events*,- ..^ '
Shooting at San Baf ael.
hlts—Streib. . McCreedle. Lohman.
Gorton, Bone, Holly. Sacrifice hits— Gorton
Francks, . Hodson. First base on errors Oak.
land 4. Firrt base on called balls— Oft Whalen
SUMMARY.
Oakland ...0 0 2 0 0 2 0 2 0—8
Base hit \ 12 0 13 12 1—12
San Francisco... 00000000 1 1
Base hits.. 1 0 0 1 1 1.0 2 2 8
Totals ......84 1 81 27 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McNichols. lb... 4 0.2 0 13 0 2
McHale. 1. f......... 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Bone, r- *¦ 4 13 1 1 0 0
Shugart, 3b.. 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
c ..4 0-P 0 4 3 0
Holly, s. s „. 4 , 0 2 0 1 2 1
J. Reilly. 2b.. 4 0 1 0 1 4 0
Delmas, c.'f ......... 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
Totals... ...37. 6 12 4 27 TO
Lf- ••' • . w AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 5 1 1 1- 0 1 O
Mohler. 2b 5 1 2 1 1 '5 0
Etrelb, lb 4 1.2 0 0 00
McCreedie. r. t 5 03 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 10 14 0 0
Francks, s. s 3 *0 0 1 5 4 0
Lohman, c 4 1 2 0 5 0 0
Gorton, c. f 3 1 2 0 1 0 0
Hodson. p.. 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
OAKLAND.
Hodson pitched masterly ball. The Po
nies piled up eight hits off his delivery,
but he managed to keep them so well
scattered that the locals would have been
blanked but for two timely double shots
in the last inning. Jimmy Whalen tossed
them out for Harris and was. found good
and plenty when hits meant runs.
Both McNichols' errors were of , the
costly order, as they meant a pair of
tallies for Oakland.. McHale made a
great catch of Devereaux's hard drive ln
the second, but misjudged. Lohman's high
fly in the sixth. This netted Pete a dou
ble. Bone scored the only Pony gallop
and hammered out three safe ones out of
four times at bat. The score:
Oakland played as perfect a game of
ball in the morning across the bay as Was
ever seen on a California diamond. Not a
Pony reached first base without making a
hit, as no errors nor bases -on balls fig
ured in Ewing's score. The Poines were
erratic at intervals and proved easy
marks. • .
HODSON PUZZLES PONIES.
About twenty yachts flying- tha San
Francisco, Corinthian or California bur
gees cruised up to Mare Island on Satur
day afternoon and evening, anchoring
near the new house of the Vallejo Yacht
ing and Boating Club. ' \ -
The yachtsmen were hospitably received
by the Vallejo tars and spent some time
in the clubhouse listening to or taking
part in an informal Jinks. A larger num
ber of boats would have made the trip
had the directors of the San Francisco
Yacht ., Club not called the cruise off be
cause of the desire not to draw away any
of the racing crew of The Challenger.
The schooners Lurline and Chispa and the
yawl Phyllis were the San Francisco rep
resentatives. • ' ¦¦¦ ¦
The following yachts flew the Corin
thian flag: The flagship Edna; the sloops
Speedwell, Nixie, Genesta, Presto, Nep
tune, Belle. Josle, Aeolus, Mischief, Mist,
Phoenicia and Fawn, and the yawls
Frolic and Arcturus. Commodore A. E.
Chapman's sloop Helen was under way
yesterday. Ex-Commodore W. J. Woods*
Dorothy lay at anchor off the clubhouse.
The California Yacht Club was represent
ed by the. flagship Thelma and J. T. Car
rier's fast sloop Jessie E. • : .
On Saturday night a strong northwester
blew and . there was a heavy sea in the
bay between Angel Island and Red Rock.
The boats that arrived late on Saturday
night at the rendezvous had a. hard beat
up the Mare Island Strait against a
strong ebb Jlde. At night the sloop Phoe
nicia during the absence of all her crew
drifted away, but was recovered on Sun
day morning. - . .
Between 9 and 11 o'clock yesterday
morning the yachts started on their
homeward trip, encountering a strong
northwester and heavy sea in San Pablo
Bay. Almost all the yachts carried reefed
mainsails and jibs. The California sloops
Jessie E and ..Thelma reached their moor
ings in Oakland Creek, the former at 3-30
and the latter shortly after, having sailed
nearly seventy miles since leaving their
moorings on Saturday afternoon and hav
ing had a stiff breeze almost every mo
ment of the time they were under way
William Greer Harrison," Captain George
James, John K. Orr, H. V. Ramsdell, JohJtoA.
Hammersmith, -William.- L. Dunn, Fre<rL.
Ruddick, Dr. L. Deane; L. V. Starr, J..W.
Ransom, J. Johnson, T. F. Kennedy, E; L.'
Rourke, R. Bowman, J. K. Keith, James
O'Gara, E. J. Benedick, W. H. YounK, . A!
Murphy, ' F. J. Antony, Antone Schmidt, J. C.
Kindelpn, B. Huff, E. P. Shortall,' F. Wegrener,
F. E. j Atkinson, W. H. Day, George Klarman,
R. C. Ayers, L. H. Claire, H. Francke, M.
Brandeaijiei.n, W. S. O'Brien, C. A. Schroth,
J. F. Schroth, H. • C. '¦ Ramsey, Robert Rusk,
E. J. Gou(?h, T. J. GouKh, George Miehllng,
D. Van Court, O. Hem, T. I. Fitzoatrick. E.
Goeller, C. H. Weed, A. Castelazo, H. A. Kid
der, F. Ferem, W. Ferem, R. H. Stone. H.
Templeman, A. Varozza, J. A. Ulrleh, W. H;
Lux. D. B. Mackay, A. Altenberg, Thomas J.
Curley, H. Pentony, C. -A. Careau, H." Meyer,
J. H. Harriscah, Walter Younff, H. L. Atkin
son, H.M.Gallet.C.K. Melrose. S. J. Pem
broke, C. W. Smith,' Henry Steon, E. Webster,
M. Frayne. E. Vannierand C. P. GusBette.
President William Greer^Harrison led
the way and set a fast pace throughout.
Captain George James looked after the
comfort of the pedestrians. The clubmen
took the train to Point Reyes. They
headed at once for the Country Club pre
serve, thence through Bear Valley to John
K-. : Orr's bungalow. * They returned to
Tocoloma by way of Alema. Luncheon
was enjoyed here. The members returned
by train. ' The next : outing will be with
the Reliance Club men. Those who par
ticipated yesterday were : ' : .
Eighty members of Olympic Athletic
Club enjoyed an exhileratlng fourteen
mile walk yesterday over the picturesque
Marin County foothills.
Troop A, 'First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, monthly medal shoot — H. L. Dctrick
60. J. Ritchie 50, A. J. Thornagel CO. R. Cap
48. C. A. Becker 48, C. Cleveland 46, Sergeant
J. P. Spaar 46., Trumpeter F. S. Engle 46, Ser
geant R. C. Greenlnger 46, E. McKarley 46,
C. Nicolai 44, H. A. R. - Hansen 44, L: Mc-
Klnley 46, Corporal . T. P. a Lehmann - 42, F.
Thomason 42, Sergeant H. B. Taylor ' 42, R.
Plamondon 40. G. W. Pope ! 42,' Lieutenant C.
F. Wells 39, W. J. Huber 30, D. W. McKen
xle SO. W. S. Hugglns 36, W." Spanhake 39,
A. J. - Klung 36, Lieutenant E. H. Carr 35,
J. R. Mackley .32, Sergeant P. F. Schmidt 31,
L. W; Burnham 27, Sergeant G. H. Riddock
23. Trumpeter S. C. Wafer 23, J. Fritz- 21.;
5. -Left on bases — Oakland 13, San Francisco
6. Struck out — By Hodson 6, . by Whalen 3.
Hit by pitcher — Devereaux. ' Double "'play
Mohler to Francks < to. Strelb. .. Wild ' pitch —
Whalen.' Time of game— 1:40. •>' Umpire — Mc-
Donald. , - • .;¦-.:-.
Troop A, First Cavalry, National' Guard
of California, also held its regular month
ly shoot yesterday at Shell Mound. Thti
work of the cavalrymen Is good and con
stantly Improving. Three men made clean
scores on the man target with the regu
lation army revolver. The w day/s scorei
follow: - . .. ' •
TBOOP A DOES GOOD WORK.
Charles F. Thierbach 64, N. Ahrens CS. J.
Lankenan C3, Herman Huber (35, F. Vi
Schuster 04, D. B. Faktor 02, August Pane Cl,
D. Saltteld 61, William F. Garms 61, L.- N.
Ritzan 00, H. Lilkendey 07, E. H. Goeta 58.
O. Lemcke, chairman; K. Werthelmer, sec
retary; P. F. Rathjens, treasurer; J. Thode,
F. Hensel, D. Salfleld, R. Stettin, H. F. Lil
kendcy, A. E. Goetze. J. W: Goetze, W. C.
Morken, E. M. Stehn, H. Meyer, A. F. Meyer,
F. Goobs, G. G. Guenther, S. Heino, E. Ipsen,
L C. Hofmann. A. W. Pape.J; D. Heise, F.
P. Schuster, H. Huber, J. Utschijc, C. Peach,
E. H. Goetze, H. Stelllng, John Kohs,'. August
Eggcrt, D. B. Faktor, John Gefken, J. Lanke
nau. > • . . ..-¦.••• . -
The verein is the oldest and largest of
the German clubs and most of the leading
rifle experts of the coast are on its mem
bership Tolls. Owing to the fact that the
attendance in recent years has been so
large, the officials have decided to length
en the festival to Include three whole
days. Yesterday was 1 the competition
shooting; the king shoot will take place
to-day and the family, outing will be held
on next' Sunday. -Especial care has been
taken this year in the making of arrange
ments for the affair, which promises ac
cordingly to be the most successful in the
verein' s history. '
. The following-named members have had
general charge of. the preparations:
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein be
gan another year of shooting' at Shell
.Mound .yesterday with its \regular prize
shoot and May festival. . The public shoot
attracted most of the crack shots of the
local shooting organizations and the con
tests were all close and exciting. „' '¦"
Quarters.
Twenty Boats Rendez
vous at Vallejo Club's
Eighty Members Enjoy
a Fourteen-Mile
Walk.
¦¦'¦•"-",. *¦ : ¦ • ¦•¦¦',. ;>'•-•¦- ¦¦'•-'¦ 1
Schuetzen Verein Opens
Year With Warm
Cbntests.
Byes 4
Total lojh
. Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 3.
two for 12, three for 17, four for 23, live for
27, six for 28, seven for 43, eight for 76, nine
for 99. ten for 103. ¦
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — V V.v:",) B. R. m. W
Ward Jr.'.". 144 64 2 ' . -2
Croll 153 33 #4 . 5
Fortmann 12. 7 0 1
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB— First Innings.
F. J. Croll. c. Wilding, b. Casidy., 10
A. F. Stahl. b. Kortlang.. ?...... 0
H. Ward Jr., c. Jamieson. b. Kortlang '. 1
W. H. McNaughton, st. Langdale, b. Casidy 0
W. G. Fortmann, st. Langdale, b. Kortlans? 4
H. Ward Sr., b. Casidy.... .?." 1
A. Dickinson, b. Kortlang q
W. J. Rlchter, b. Kortlang 0
J. Croll Jr., b. Casidy \\, 0
C. Banner, b. Kortlang..^'.....-. "{ . o
H. W. Brown, not out ...:........ """¦ 1
Bye ....:.. •.;;.; J
Total ~[£
• Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 8
two for 12, three for 12, four for 12 five for
15. six for IB, , seven for 16. eight for 17 nine
for 17, ten for IS. .
% SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— x B. R. M. yif.
Casidy .; 24 "11 O ." -4
Kortlang ........; 24 0 0 6
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB— Second Innings
H. B. Brown, c. Sollom, b. Coles 1
H. Ward Jr.; b. Colea.^ . n
W. H. McNaughton, c. Bennion. b. Coles... 0
F. J. Croll. c. Casidy, b. Jamieson 19
A. F. Stahl. b. Jamieson.... 3
W. G. Fortmann, did not bat
W. J. Rlchter, c. Petherick, b. Sollom. 0
H. Ward Sr..- b. Jamieson 3
C. Eanner. not out. 2
J.'CroIl Jr., b. Jamieson O
A. Dickinson, did not bat
Wide 1. leg byes 3 4
.Total -second" Innings 52
Total first innings..;. is
Grand total i 70
Runs at" the fall of each' wicket — One for 11,
two for 13, three for 14, four forf 2tt, five Tor
40, six for 43, -seven for 62, eight/for 52.
SUMMART OF ' BOWLiNO.
• Bowler — - B. R. M W
Coles . . . :......> 48 81 1 3
Jamieson..". ;.. fio 13 ..4
: Coles bowicd'l "wide ball.
The Alameda Cricket team met the Pa
cific eleven for the second time on the
grounds at Webster_street, Alameda, yes
terday, and received a severe beating,
losing by an innings and 33 runs. B.
Kortlang proved a great acquisition to
the Pacific team, taking six wickets for
6 -runs in the first innings of Alameda.
The' full details are shown in the table:
V PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
H. C. Casidy," b. Croll.. 4
C. P. Coles, runout. 1
A. W. Wilding, c. Fortmann, b. Croll 9
B. Kortlans. c. Fortifiann. b. Croll 7
K. T. Langdale. c. Stahl. b. Ward Jr 4
W. F"etherlck. b. Croll. 2
D. Jamieson. b. Croll b
F. Bennion. b. Ward Jr.".. 24
J. J. Theobald, not out 30
T. J. A. Tiedemann, c. Ward Jr., b. Fort
mann 11
V. P. Sollom, run out 1
Pacifle Team Beats Last Year's Cliam
pions by an Innings and Thirty-
Three Runs.
ALAMEDA CBICKETEBS
SUFFER CRUSHING DEFEAT
OLYMPICS TRAMP
IN MARIN COUNTY
YACHTS CRUISE
IN BAD WEATHER
SHOOT ATTRACTS
MANY MARKSMEN
pipJHE handicap shoot held at In-
II .^gleslde grounds yesterday, under
I the auspices of Clabrough, Go!-
H cher &. Co., attracted about 150
v shooters, to the blue rock traps.
This is by far the largest number of trap
shots that -have competed on the local
grounds on^ any one occasion during the
The manner in which the : men were
classified gave every shooter a chance to
win a prize. The experts were in a class
by themselves,: while the remainder were
divided into three classes. All the entries
present season. Hundreds of spectators
were also on hand to watch the gunmen
shatter clay- targets.
TOLEDO, May IS.— James T. Brafley, a
well-known independent telephone mag
nate, while speeding in his automobile to
day collided with May Schook. a 13-year
old girl, riding a bicycle. The girl was
almost instantly killed.
Killed by an Automobile.
EXPERT TRAPSHOT WHO CARRIED OFF THE HONORS AT INGLESIDE
YESTERDAY, DEFEATING A STRONG CLASS J IN THE LARGEST
ATTENDED MEET OF THE SEASON. •">
In the shoot-off of the tie, Daniels won,
W. E. Murdock, second: G. F. Franzen,
third and A. T. Derby, fourth.'
Scores made by the members of the
second-class: . .
E." A. Taylor 18, "L. Cunea 14, W. E. Codley
17, C. S. Fish 14, A. L. Weil 17, J. Gordon
23, C. C. Juster 25. W. H. Price -20, A. Bon
ner 19, C. F. Grana 21, C. Mitchell 16, J. A.
Hutton 18, L. Baird 17, R. C. Rosenberg 20.
E. A. -Wands 22, B. Harrison 23, G. A. Hadap
24, J. Cisanl 19, "Scott". 18. "Dennis" 18," C. •
J. O'Neil 14, W. J. Fox 18, B. J. Baum 16,
D. Osbrander 20, E. Donohoe 19, Patton 17,
G. W. Thomas 18, E. J. Bowen 18, F. Herring
17, F. Diekman 12, Knick 23, J. S. Brownell
18, H. Walker 15, P. Du Boiser 12, J. Clel 11,
J. A. Hoyt 23, W. Robinson 25. E. G. Mc-
Connell 16, J. Bruns 19, A- M. Gomez 24, P.
FinocchI 17. "
Scores made by members of the third
class:
R. G. Haggard 4, fc. Walker 14, R. H. Van
Norden 10. Hobart 10, H. von Gooster 16. C.
E. Breitwelser 15, G. H. Chich 19. W. Han
sen 10, G. Smith 13, F. W. Bell 14. J. Howard
9, O'ShauKhnessy 6, H. " B. Jeffreys 15, J.
Kahan 13, Charles Kervell 16. H. J. Hyde 17,
C. H. Fitzgerald 15. J. Williams 16. J. La
vigne 14, C. A. Muller 19, J. H. Clark 8. C.
Reese 17. R. Finocchls 25, F. Klrsch 10, C.
Eggers 13, A. Jensen 13, C. M. Wallum 19, L.
E. Levell 21.
Two-base hit— Gorton. Sacrifice hits— Mc-
Hale. Schmidt, McNichols. First base on er
rors — San Francteco 1, Oakland 1. First bane
on called ball*— Off Glendon 5, off Schmidt 4
Left on bases — San Francisco 7. Oakland 8.
Struck out— By Glendon 1. Double clay
Mohler to Francks to Streib. Time of game—
1 hour and 40 minutes. Umplre^ — McDonald.
SUMMART.
Totals ." 32 3 6 2 27 19 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland .'. 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 \— 3*
Base hits 1 1 0 1 00 10 2—6
San Francla=o- . . . 0. 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—1
Base hits 1 0 02 0 0 2 0 0—5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 5 0 2 0 0 5 0
Mohler. 2b 5 0 0 1 o 4 0
Strelb . lb ..4 0" 0 0 14 1 0
McCreedie, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy, If 3 x 0 x \ % »
Francks, as 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Lohman. c .1 0 10 3 0 0
tSSSSit.% ::::•::::! I \ I % % . J
T °tal8 30 1 5 1 27*14 2
McNichols. lb ...... f T S 0 B l!°- t E 6
McHale. If 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bone, rf 3 0 1 1 3 o o
Shugart. 3b * 4 0-00 1 2 0
Jfahy. « 3 0,. 1.0 200
Holly, «s . ,.4" 0 ' 0 ' 0 3 V"o
Reilly. 2b 4 ' 0 0 0 2 5 1
Delmas. rf 4 12 n * n i
Glendon, p 3 0 | £ J g J
SAN FRANCISCO.
Both Glendon and Schmidt pitched first
class ball, with the exception of a little
wlldness at times. Schmidt made Oak
land s only error and helped the Ponies
keep the run column from being a dead
0T W i he locaIs> errors were not costly
with the exception of Delmas' bad throw
In the ninth, which allowed Gorton to
travel as far as third. Pete Lohman had
his usual troubles to tell McDonald in
« fv> « « £. e P° liceman . and the "stone
wall Infield was there with that custom
ary neat double play.
James J. Jeffries was an Interested
spectator at both the morning and the aft
ernoon games. He occupied a box at Rec
reation Park and did a lot of noisy root
ing. Gorton carried off the batting hon
ors with a single and a double out of two
times with the club. The score. •
The Ponies opened the seventh like a
lot of world beaters, and it looked as
•though they would score about r steen
times. Delmas hit one past third, Glendon
popped a bunt out of Schmidt's reach and
McMchols was safe on Schmidt's error of
a nice little bunt. The bleachers began
to yell like a lot of Comanches on a man
hunt, and all the locals swelled up anU
said as if with one voice; "Watch us."
A mighty yell went up as McHale toed
the plate and tried to goo-goo Schmidt.
He lined a hot one down to Mohler, who
immediately threw to Francks, who
stopped McMchols at the half-way sta
tion and doubled up McHale at first Glen-
d °n scored In the mix-up, but that was
all, for Bone easily died by the pitcher to
first route.
Oakland went to It in the second round
and scored the first run. Dunleavy had
a good lamp and walked. He stole second
and the ever-reliable Lohman scored him
on a stiff single to left. A pass to Gor
ton, Schmidt's sacrifice and Mohler's out
to first netted Oakland's second run in the
seventh spasm. The ninth also brought
gladness to the heart of Ewing through a
two-bagger by Gorton, Delmas' misplay
and Schmidt's little pop fly b»ck of the
initial station.
The usual immense Sunday crowd was
there to greet the players as they tripped
upon the diamond. The ¦Ponies were
harnessed up a little different than usual.
Nordyke's wrist is still to the bad, so
"Mormon" McNichols danced in and
about first The useful Josh Reilly did
the second-base act, and Bone, who has
been released, but is ! sometimes handy,
essayed to chase a few in the right-field
patch. ,A .-
It was the best,setto of the six, that
fracas at Recreation Park. It could
hardly be placed in the exciting, class, but
nevertheless it was exciting and doubtful
in spots. It contained much of that
snappy element that makes the heart of
the ardent crank beat wildly and causes
him to forget a certain amount of his
troubles.
For the fifth time during the past series
the champion Oakland baseball team
emerged from the field of battle decisively
victorious over the pride of San Fran
cisco. Five . well-earned victories in one
week is a record for any ball team to be
justly proud of, and Cal Swing's whirl
winds have not only earned the lead ln
the percentage column, but the praise and
admiration of all the patrons of the na
tional .game.
On tno home grounds at Oakland the
Ponies easily fell victims to the wiles of
the champs by a score of 6 to 1. The aft
ernoon game at the Eighth-street lot was
a 3 to 1 pick-up for the leaders. They
simply outplayed the Harris Bunch at all
stages of the game and won much as they
pleased. ."¦ ¦ - >
Played. Won. Lost.' t Pet.,
Oakland 33 ? 22 11 .667
Los Angeles 33 21 14 .000
San Francisco 34 15 19 " .441
Sacramento 32 9 *J3 .281
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.,
Second round — Mose beat Fly by Night, 7-0;
Fannie Hughie beat Flora McDonald. 6-4; Otto
beat Tyrone Prince. 5-2; Glaucus bea* Motto
8-3; My Selection beat Pepita, 3-0; Jingle Bells
beat Golden Age, 16-6: Prompto beat Lady
Nellie. 3-1; Lear King 1 beat Rich Argosy. 7-3.
Third round — Mose tysat Fannie Hughie, 4-0;
Otto beat Glaucus, 4-3; Jingle Bells beat My
Selection. 13-5; Lear King beat Prompto, 3-2.
Fourth rounds— Ottff beat Mose, 6-1; Lear
King beat Jingfc Bells. 3-2.
Deciding coursef— Lear King beat Otto. 6-4.
Puppy stake; deciding course — May Morning
beat Flora Belle. «-l.
Open stake — Tosemlte Kennels' Mose beat T.
Jolley's Master Whalen. 5-2; A..R. Curtis' Fly
by Night beat W. Johnson's • Articulate, 4-1:
E. Geary's Fannie. Hughie beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M, 3-0; A. Vanderwhlte'g Flora McDon
ald beat O. Coombs* Rustic Arbor, 5-»;F. A.
McComb's Otto beat F. C. Mack's Woodcock
Boy, 4-2; F. A. McComb's Motto beat J. Vinal's
Little Fullerton, 4-0; F. Jones' Tyrone Prince
beat J. W. Fahey's October Lad. 4-0; J. F.
Rogers' Glaucus beat P. C. Blick's Advance
Guard, 8-0; W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita beat
D. Dillon's Challenger, 4-0; T. Mlllerlck's My
Selection beat F. P. Clark's Ramona Gold.
10-2; J, Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat Chiarinl
Bros.' White Hat, 4-1; W. Creamer's Golden
Age beat J. Tracey's Master Glenwood, 4-0;
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson, 3-0; C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie beat
P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel, 2-1; A. Van
derwhite's Lear King beat F. P. Clark's Royal
Anne, 4-0; A. J. Ernst's Rich Argosy beat S.
A. Smith's Petronius, 4-1.
Special stake — J. L. Ross' Fontenoy beat A.
R., Curtis' Anchor, 4-2; Pasha Kennels* Rocker
beat J. L. Ross' Game Boy, 4-2; C. O. Peter
son's haphazard beat E. Geary's Fen 11, b-2;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat C. O. Peterson's Sil
ver Cloud, 6-0: J. ¦ Carroll's Cascade beat E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey, 8-2; A. .R. Curtis' Nar
cissus beat E. Geary's America, '8-4; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Archer beat E. Geary's Roy
Hughie. 5-4; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat K.
Jones' Harlean Gladys, 12-7; T. J. Cronin's
Vandal a bye. Lilac withdrawn: E. Reddy's
Full Moon beat A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord. 3-1;
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat A. R. Curtia'
Flying Fox, 4-2; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist
beat A. R. Curtis" Old Ironsides, 6-2; Chlarinl
Bros.' Santonin beat G. Sharman's Little Sis
ter, 6-1; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat P. Doyle's
Liberator, 5-0: G. Sharman's Sir Pasha a bye,
Brutus withdrawn; J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad beat
P. M. Clarkson's Sofala, 4-3.
Second round — Fontenoy beat Rocker. 5-4:
Palo Alto beat HaDhazard, 15-1; Narcissus
beat Cascade, 7-1; Royal Archer beat Luxor.
2-0; Vandal beat Full Moon, 4-1; Tralee Boy
beat Rural Artist. 4-0; Homer Boy beat San- 1
tonin, 5-3; Sir Pasha beat Loyal Lad. 2-1.
Third round — 'Palo Alto beat Fontenoy, 4-0;
Narcissus beat Royal Archer, 5-4; Homer Boy
beat Vandal, 3-2; Sir Pasha beat Tralee Boy,
4-1.
Fourth round— Palo Alto beat Narcissus, 3-2;
Homer Boy beat Sir Pasha, 5-2.
Deciding course — Homer Boy beat Palo
Alto, 4-4. 3-3, 11-6.-
The detailed results of yesterday's run
ning, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow: ; . •
ln the deciding course of the open stake
Otto was beaten by Lear King. The for
mer had the speed, but lacked experience.
During the course Lear King stumbled anil
fairly spun about on his head. Otto wait
ed until he regained his feet when they
went in pursuit of the hare. Lear King
finally won by a score of 6 to 4.
Aeneid Kennels' May Morning won the
puppy stake handily, defeating Flora
Belle, the 1 to 2 choice. May Morning is
the second daughter of the imported dog
Fine /Fire to distinguish herself. Her
sister, Maid o' Terminus, won recently at'
Stcckton. They are the. first of the Fine
Fire youngsters to start. ' <
Palo Alto, ruled a 1 to 2 favorite
throughout. In his first trials of the day
he ran like a champion, showing speed
and all _the qualities of a great grey
hound. Toward the close of the stake he
did not run with the same determination.
In the second course Palo Alto showed
four lengths of speed in the run across
the field, but again a tie score resulted.
At the third attempt Palo Alto showed
the edge had been taken from his speed,
as Ii6mer Boy led in a long run-up. In
the subsequent work Homer Boy proved
clever and game, running up a winning
sccre of 11 to 6. The hare escaped.
Otto Jahl's clever greyhound Homer
Boy required three trials to defeat cham
pion Palo Alto yesterday in the special
stake at Union Coursing Park. In the
first attempt Palo Alto led by two
lengths. In the subsequent work Homer
Boy proved the cleverer, and tied the
score at 4 to 4.
There were two four-oared barge races.
In the junior, class the "Webbs" made
losers out of the "Ooma." time 5:09. Those
in the winning crew were: A. C. Webb,
stroke; George Schroeder. afterwalst; -
Thcmas Dixon. forwardwaist; William
Jenkins, bow: Bert Cameron, cockswain.
Those composing the defeated crew were:
C. J. Hague, stroke; J. J. Jeffries, after
waist; Michael Porfumo, f orwardwatst ;
William Burnham, bow; Andrew Scott,
• cockswain. An exhibition race between
the Alameda Club "Spiders," the cham
pion four-oared barge crew of the Pacific
Coast, and an intermediate crew was eas
ily taken by the "Spiders," who coaxed
their opponents along for the greater part
of the course and then deserted them at
the finish; time 4:46.
To-day's events were managed by the
following officials: Referee, Charles :H.
Smith; starter, Alexander G. Bell; timers,
David Greenleaf. William C. Donnelly
and George H. Miller. The arrangements
committee consisted of Z. T, Thorning,
Sidney Pollard. Harry Nelson. F. W.
Ayera and E. B. Thorning. . Officers of
the club acted as the . reception commit
tee. They were: President, Charles H.
Smith: vice president, F. S. Cone; secre
tary. W. B. Hinchman: treasurer. A. G.
Bell; captain, Harry Nelson; lieutenant,
Z. T. Thorning;. executive committee, A.
L. Kihm, J. S. Peterson and E. B. Thorn
ing.
Edwin B. Thorning made Julius C. Sta
mer take back water all along the route
in the senior outrigged skiff race. In the
same class John L. Lewis pulled a victory
away from Fred W. Ayers. This was the
closest and prettiest contest of the day.
Ayers for several years has been the
champion oarsman of the Alameda Boat
ing Club and has captured numerous
medals, in various regattas in California
and Oregon.
Andrew C. Webb and Roy Pratt in the
junior class outrigger skiffs were the first
to get the starter's gun. Webb won in a
drifting finish, time (5:58. The next three
heats were in the same class. George
Lawless defeated Harry Dumont. tlms
6:41. Leroy Pollard won from Charles J.
Hague, time 6:22. Hague's skiff capsized
100 yards from the turning stake. Sidney
Pollard showed Edward Edwards how to
get home first, time 6:17. Edwards caughc
a "crab" and was rescued by a life-saving
crew. *
ALAMEDA. May IS.— "With a brass band,
barge and skiff races and luncheon the
Alameda Boating Club>, opened its twelfth
season to-day. Despite ,the stiff north
wind that blew steadily from sunrise to
sunset there was a large- attendance of
spectators at the oarsmen's quarters on
the estuary. Five hundred invitations
had been sent out by the members of the
club, and excellent accommodations were
provided for those who responded. The
big barge Sdrosls was tied up just west
of the clubhouse wharf, at the north end
of Chestnut street and directly opposite
the starting and finishing line. On the
barge live hundred chairs were arranged
for the sightseers. During the progress
of the races the guests were served soft
liquid refreshments and a light collation
by their hosts of the oar and paddle.
"Wind and whitecaps handicapped the
scullers and made fast time impossible,
but did not detract from the snap and
steam that the rival rowers threw into
their sweeps. In two instances contest
ants caught "crabs" and went out of
their crafts Into the water. All the races
were over a half-mile course with a turn.
Hodson and Schmidt Pitch
Winning Ball Against
Home Team.
Wind and Whitecaps Do Not
Deter Scullers Doing
Their Best
May Morning, a Daughter of
'Fine Fire, Captures
Puppy Stake.
Greyhounds Take Three
Trials. to Decide
Supremacy.
Open the the Season on
the Estuary in Barge
and Shell.
The Ponies Outplayed in
Every Department by
Champions.
Bids for Coming Fight
Will Be Opened on
Wednesday.
Men Are Expected to Name
the Date for the Big
' Battle.
. Champion Jim Jeffries arrived in this
city on the "Owl" yesterday morning
from Los Angeles, accompanied by "Kid"
Eagan. They are registered at the Met
ropole, Oakland. Jeff's sole purpose of
visiting San Francisco is to try to settle
the pending difficulties between himse.lf
and Fitzsimmons and arrange for the
much-talked-of heavy-weight champion
ship contest.
Jeffries called on Fitzsimmons yester
day afternoon and talked a little busi
ness with the lanky Cornishman. Both
a.greed to meet at the Central Theater, on
\\ ednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock, in
stead of a week from, to-day, for the
purpose of opening bids for the coming
light. Several local clubs will bid for the
big event. It .is expected the Century
Ciub of Los Angeles will endeavor to se
cure the contest for the southern city.
Billy Delaney declared himself as bsing
disgusted with Fitzsimmons. He safu:
"Fitzsimmons is trying to run a big blucf,
and, in my opinion, does not want to
light at all. When he wired Jeff several
weeks ago he said Jen! could select every
thing, and now I want to make him stick
to his word.
"In his previous fights Fitzsimmons re
fused to allow his opponents to wear
bandages and we want him to live up to'
the same thing here. Jeffries also de
mands at least eight weeks in which to
train after the articles of agreement have
been signed. We would also like to have
a California referee. I think there should
be no trouble in selecting a competent
man in this city."
Delaney also said he objected to sev
eral minor clauses in the New York arti
cles and that these should be arranged
to suit the Californian before the match
is made.
It is probable a match will be agreed
upon while all parties concerned are in
this city. There is no reason whatever
why the two fighters cannot come to
terms for a fight either in this city or Los
Angeles. Both men appear eager for a
meeting. If nothing serious happens they
will probably be matched to tight on or
about July 15 before the club offering the
largest purse.
FitZEimmons and party visited the
Chutes yesterday afternoon and wero the
center of attraction. Large crowds fol
lowed them wherever they went. Last
night they visited Chinatown and took In
everything of interest to be seen ln the
Oriental Quarter of the city- ' . '.
Jeffries is as big and strong as ever and
looks the picture of health. He says fie
never felt better.
D0WLHTG OUTPLAYS WADDELL.
Exciting- Game at Sacramento Is Won
by the Senators.
SACRAMENTO. May 18.— The Senators
•woke up to-day and smashed Waddell
all over the lot. It was a great surprise
to the big fellow, but he was not alto
gether to blame, as he was working In
• the face of a strong gale of wind that
•was all in favor of the batsmen. He was
not accorded the best of support in his
outfield. Dowling. who officiated for the
locals, had superb control, and In this
respect eclipsed Waddel. Toman made a
one-handed running catch of Eagan's fly
that was a feature. Waddell caught a
hot liner from Sheehan's bat that un
jointed his thumb, but he completed a
double play, had his thumb pulled back
into place and pitched the game out.
Score :
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doy>. rf 4 2 10 2 10
Hulen, 2b 2 2 1.2 33 0
Eheol-.an. 3b 4 0 1 1 0 1 1
Eagan. lb 4 0 0 0 5 11
Graham, c ...: 4 1 '20 7 1 1
Rebsamen, cf 3 1 2 0 2 0 0
Unglaub. as 5 2 2 1 2 5 0
¦SVasner. If 1 2 1 0 5 0 0
Doivling, p 4 0 2 0 0 0 1
Totals S3 10 12 4 *26 12 4
•Slagl- oat for bunting third strike.
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toraan. « 6 0 0 0 6 2 1
Kannlran, 2b 4 2 1 0 0 3 1
! Anderson, c S 1 2 0 S 0 0
Householder, If 5 1 2 1 1 0 0
Reilly. Sb 4 2 2 0 1 1 0
Roach, rf 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
TVaadell. p 5 1 4 0 2 3 0
Hanlon. lb S 0 0 0 8 1 0
g'.agle, cf 5 0 4 0 1 0 0
Totals 43 8 15 1 24 12 2
RCXS AND HITS BT, INNINGS.
, Sacramento 0 0 3 4 3 0 0 0 x — 10
Ease hits 0 0 2 3 3 2 1 1 x— 12
Los A npeles 1 0 1 0 1 0 2 0 2 8
• Base hits 3 1113 13 0 2—15
SUMMART.
Three-base hits — Wagner, Householder Wad
dell 2. Two-base hits — Hannivan, Unglaub
Boyle. Graham. Sacrifice hits — Eagan, Wag
ner. Doyle. First base on errors — Sacramento
2, -Los Angeles 2. First base on called balls
Off Bowling 2, off Waddell 5. Left on bases—
Sacramento 9, Loe Angeles 11. Struck out—
Ey Dowling 4, by Waddell 5. Hit by pitcher
Hulen, Rellly. Double plays— Toman to Han
lcn; Hanloa to Toman; Waddell to Reilly
Time of game — One hour and forty-flve min
utes. • Umpire — O'Connell.
French Racing Cyclist Killed.
MARSEILLES, France, May 18.— The
contestants in the Marseilles-Paris bi
cycle race left here at 3 o'clock this
morning. There were fifty-six entries
Including Lesna and Huret. Upon ncar
ing Aix a Belgian rider named K>rff sus
tained a terrible fall and was killed.
JEFFRIES HERE
TO MEET "FITZ"
OAKLAND TAKES
BOTH CONTESTS
HOMER BOY WINS
FROM PALO ALTO
ALAMEDA ROWERS
IN COMPETITION
SPORTSMEN ENJOY A VARIETY OF OUTDOORS PASTIMES DESPITE THE BLUSTERING WEATHER
NAUMAN DEFEATS EXPERT TRAP SHOTS
IN THE BIG MEETING AT INGLESIDE
In the Shoot-Off of "a Tie He From Otto Feudner,
;•¦ Breaking Twenty Blue Rocks to His Nineteen— -Record
Attendance of the Season Takes Part in tlie Tourftey
TH£i,sMi^l^UALL, MU W^;: : M^ WMMM
shot at fifteen birds from the sixteen-yard
mark... and then were, handicapped ac
cording to the scores they made. Owing
to the fact that a miniature hurricane was
blowing all .' day across the traps, few
6
First Hdcp. Sec'd
NAME. Score. Yds. Score. Total.
' ______ I i
C. C. Nauman . 12 18 14 28
M. O. Peudner 14 20 12 2«
C. A. Halght.. 11 16 14 25
Fred Feudner. ...... 12 18 12 24
W. J. Golcher...... 12 IS 12 24
A. J. Webb 13 18 11 24
H. C. Golcher..- 12 ¦ 18 11 2-1
Edgar L. Forster.. 11 16 11 22
J. B. McCutchen... 12 18 9 21
NAME.
First Hdcp. Sec'd
NAME. Score. Yds. Score. Total.
W. H. Williamson.. 10 16 12 22
Mason 11 10 10 21
H. A. Hoyt 9 14 12 . 21
"Slade" 10 16 4 14
Ed Feudner. ........ 11 16 8 19
M. J. Iverson .11 16 14 25
A: M. Shields...... 13 18 10 23
W. E. Murdock.... 11 16 14 25
J. J. Sweeney .. 9 14 9 18
E. Kerrlson 7 14 11 18
H. D. Swalls 12 18 11 '23
R. C. Reed 10 16 13 23
P. W. Kins 9 14 11 20
N. H. Neustadter. . 10 16 8 18'
G. Franzen . . ..12 18 13 25
D. Daniels 13 18 12 23
E. Klevesahl 9 14 12 21
E. L. Forster 5 14 5 10
J. Karney ... . . 9 14 12 17
G; Sylvester 9 14 10 19
F..Walpert : 9 14 12 21
W. Searles 10 16 13 23
F. W. Park... 12 18 10 22
M. Wrownell 7 14 9 1«
A. T. Derby 11 16 14 25
P. B. Bekeart... ... 11 16 . ' 8 19
First Hdcp. Sec'd
NAME. Score. Yds. Score. Total.
' ______ I i
C. C. Nauman . 12 18 14 28
M. O. Peudner 14 20 12 2«
C. A. Halght.. 11 16 14 25
Fred Feudner. ...... 12 18 12 24
W. J. Golcher...... 12 IS 12 24
A. J. Webb 13 18 11 24
H. C. Golcher..- 12 ¦ 18 11 2-1
Edgar L. Forster.. 11 16 11 22
J. B. McCutchen... 12 18 9 21
NAME.
First Hdcp. Sec'd
NAME. Score. Yds. Score. Total.
W. H. Williamson.. 10 16 12 22
Mason 11 10 10 21
H. A. Hoyt 9 14 12 . 21
"Slade" 10 16 4 14
Ed Feudner. ........ 11 16 8 19
M. J. Iverson .11 16 14 25
A: M. Shields...... 13 18 10 23
W. E. Murdock.... 11 16 14 25
J. J. Sweeney .. 9 14 9 18
E. Kerrlson 7 14 11 18
H. D. Swalls 12 18 11 '23
R. C. Reed 10 16 13 23
P. W. Kins 9 14 11 20
N. H. Neustadter. . 10 16 8 18'
G. Franzen . . ..12 18 13 25
D. Daniels 13 18 12 23
E. Klevesahl 9 14 12 21
E. L. Forster 5 14 5 10
J. Karney ... . . 9 14 12 17
G; Sylvester 9 14 10 19
F..Walpert : 9 14 12 21
W. Searles 10 16 13 23
F. W. Park... 12 18 10 22
M. Wrownell 7 14 9 1«
A. T. Derby 11 16 14 25
P. B. Bekeart... ... 11 16 . ' 8 19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• A Wonderful Medicine.
FOR ALL
Bilious and
Nervous Disorders,
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and
Female Ailments.
PEEPA EED ONLY BT THE PE0PRIET0B,
Thomas Beccham, SL Helens, Eng.,
and 365 Canal St. New York. : ';•;;;
Sold by all Druggists In United States.
In boxes.'lOc. and 25c
/m 1 -mm w Beds. Chairs. Stoves. eQ 'S
Ik II Jl 1 m Tents for Rent and tor Sal* 'J
I /l 111 M Guns ' Rifle> - m** 1 ** TacldT
L J Ml If I 1 * nd Sportlns Goods. Sena
V/rjalfll for Catalogue. SHREVE J
' BARBER CO.. 73d Market
tC, and 611 Kearny il
DRINK
HiiffiyadiJ&nos
WHY 7 .. :^';
Because it will positively enre It, with
•more safety than any other remedy
known to the medical profession.
Be Carefut,
however,' that you get Hunyadi Janoa,
as many concoctions are Dtit up and
represented to be Hunyadi Water,
. which are not only valueless, but are
often harmful.
Your Physician Will Recommend
8 m
Look at tha Label. It Is Blue f
• •; . ; with red center. I
Wv0 y^syo UlScaScS
\ *$2>F^l&£i3i culiar to men. I
P^ s w2S?5y ' not merely re-
A V"* 1^ ll * V9 temporarily.
./JL I A I)ut cur- souodly
r /IL ! v/X an< * permanently.
/ V^L--ii# \ \ My inequaled «oc-
/ r^y«rf \ I ceM ln curing is
* \ \Jp f d "« to the original.
• ' yK|/ d 1 s t incti ve and
O. C. JOSlS. M. D. tinTE£&. Tern:
. " ploy. ;
Weakness.
Functional weakness ln men U in reality
a comparatively ilm&le ailment, and Is but
a symptom of local disorder usually a
Btata of chronic Inflammation la the pros-
* :and ; N ? - stimulating treatment,
whether Internal cr locally applied, can
do ¦ more than excite temporary activity
By my system of local treatment I restore
absolutely normal condition* throughout
the organs Involved, which promptly re-
«ulU In eonspleu and permanent restora-
tion of strength and vigor. This treatment
Is original with me. and U the only radical
and certain cure yet devised. «*»«•»*
My pamphlet. "Live All Tour Tears a
Man." will be mailed tree upon request.
Consultation free at office or ty mall. .
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1049 Market Street,"
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernla Bank.PHOENIX, Ariz., j May 18.— Verdunio
Gonzales, who shot and killed E. Packard
in Tonto Basin Thursday night, was cap
tured last night at McDowell, thirty
miles from here, and brought to Phoenix
to-day. The capture was made by Dep
uty Sheriff William Voice of Gila County
and John Howell. Gonzales will be taken
to Globe , for trial. He claims he shot in
self defense. Packard was a cattleman
and of a peaceable disposition.
Slayer of a Cattleman Caught.
Miss Helen Geary, who has been se
lected to be the queen of the carnival, is
the petite daughter of Hon. and Mrs.
Thomas J. Geary. Her consort is Master
Marshall Paxton. the little son of Mr.
and Mrs. Blitz W. Paxton. The royal
pair will be clad in rolfes of white satin
and silver and their raiment will be as
gorgeous as that of any sovereign that
ever reigned at a carnival. Master Wea
ton Anderson has been selected as the
grand marshal of the parade and will bo
mounted on a festooned Shetland. He is
the son of Dr. and Mrs. D. P. Anderson.
Master George . Proctor will officiate as
drum major. He will have a band of
trumpeters and a corps of drummers.
These will be in picturesque costumes of
white and pink. They will give a fan
fare, heralding the approach of the kins
and queen and their retinue. All of th«j
arrangements for the carnival are on the
broadest lines and everything will be dona
in splendid style. Special attention Is to
be paid to the costuming of all who ar«
connected with the parade.
For a court of honor twenty-four little
maids will be costumed in rbbes of rose
color» To these will be added a number of
petite pages, handsomely clad. The maids
of honor will include Zelma Carithers.
Dorothy McKinlay, Margaret Forsyth,
Angela Keegan, Finetta Jewell. Theltna
and Nadlne Donovan, Olivia and Janet
Smith, Reina Berka, Dorothy Madsen,
Gwendolin Overton, Ada Smith, Edith
Mae Woodward, Valeria Wood, Mildred
Turner, Marie Davis. Gladys Bern3tein,
Kathleen" Martin and Bernice Eardley.
The parade will include some hand
somely decorated equipages, gayly capari
soned steeds and picturesquely costumed
boys and girls. Flowera will be used in
profusion and prizes will be given for th«
handsomest decorations. A large number
of fine children's turnouts are owned by
the juveniles, as well as many riding
ponies, and these will be seen to advan
tage in the parade.
During the afternoon the Maypole dance
will be given by May McMeans, Lilian
Rosenberg, Jean Geary, Regina and
Imelda Kinslow, Genevieve Stone, Olive
Dickson. Mabel Ware. Katherine Dennis,
Reita Berka. Bessie Daywalt. Pink Liver
nash, Dora Pierson, Ida Meyer and Sallie
Overton.
That the carnival will be a success Is
assured. The ladles' committee is ar
ranging all the details and everything will
be in readiness for the ascension to tha
throne of the smallest king and queen
that eyer ruled the citizens of the City of
Roses.
SANTA ROSA, May 18.— The Women'*
Improvement Club or this city is actively
engaged in preparation for the juvenile
rose carnival which is to be given under
its auspices at Grace Brothers* Park on
Saturday, May 31. The afternoon will be
devoted to a parade by the juveniles and
a Maypole dance. The carnival will con
clude with a ball in the largo pavilion in
the evening. " ;.'
Pretty Sight Is Promised the
Spectators Who Will
View the Parade.
Santa Rosa's Ju venil ©
Carnival Certain
of Success,
MIDGET RULERS
TO HOLD SWAY
MONDAY, MAY 19.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
. NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are- In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given , by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. •
Movements of Steamers. /
Sun rises .4 :50
Sun sets ....7:18
Moon sets .......*..: '..3:13 a. m.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic - Survey-
Times and Heights of High and * Low
Waters at Fort Point entrance • to San
San, Moon and Tide.
The steamer Westport, wiiich left here for
Bear Harbor on Saturday, returned to port late
on. the came evening with her machinery dam
aged. It was necessary to make extensive re
pairs yesterday and It is thought the voyage
will be resumed to-day. . - . . • •
Ship Returns to Port.
The British ehip Queen Victoria arrived here
yesterday, thirty days from Shanghai, with
several sails torn to tatters. The run is re
garded by seamen as a phenomenal one. Cap
tain Morrison states that it is a record hitherto
not made. The weather was favorable almost
to the Golden Gate, where the gale of yester
day was encountered. Aside from losing some
canvas no particular injury was sustained by
the vessel. :. V- ',
Makes a Record Trip.
The wind blew at a lively gait all of yester
day, though no damage to shipping was done.
Advices received at the Merchants' Exchange
state that during the early hours of the morn-
Ing the velocity of the wind reached ninety
eight miles at Point Reyes. During the after
noon this was decreased to sixty-eight miles an
hour. There was quite a swell on the bay
during the day. rendering voyaging In small
craft very unpleasant. Considerable incon
venience was experienced from this cause by
those who visited the battleship Wisconsin
during the day. ,
Blew a Lively Gale.
- POINT LO BOS, I May 18, 10 p"m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity >_ SO miles an : hour.' :
TELEGRAPHIC.
• * . -: •. . • Sunday, May, 18.
Stmr Redwood City, : Hansen, hence ! to-day
for Bowens Landing, on account of strong. NAV
winds.: . ¦; *^r^^ t T*?3Sya4SWlft{Bp«a*^3rtVSi
'¦ Pilot ; boat Pathfinder, hence this morning
for Bowens "Landing, returned on account of
strong N W * winds. . : '
RETURNED.
• . . Sunday, May IS.
Stmr Redwood r City. Hansen, for Bowens
Landing. 1 *' '. ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Stmr.;G -W Elder. Randall, for Astoria.
Stmr Hyadea, \ Garllch, for Honolulu and
Kahului. V: , • . ,.'..'
: Stmr Santa' Rosa, Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr f : Bonita.Y ,Nopaiider, < for Newport and
way..i>orta. i -.. .'.- ,.'. •-¦•" ; : '•-¦".-. . • . ' .
Ger stmr Serapis, Richert, for Hamburg and
way' ports, '. via Tacoma.
'Nor stmrTellus, Pederson, for Ladysmlth. '
Ship Emily F.^Whitney, ; "Wirschuleit, .for
Puzet ' Sound."- -"-.;' ¦ . • ' .
¦ Fr. ship; La Perouse, . Sauvignon, • for Queens
town. : ¦ --¦-¦¦' •' ¦'•'^¦'- ' .¦ ' : ;.'-;'
•Schr 'Winchester, Christiansen, for Apia...
SAILED.
. ., . ARRIVED. ,
Sunday, May 18.
Stmr .North • Fork, Nelson, 22 hours from
Eureka. " v
Stmr Luella, Olsen, 13 hours from Caspar.
. Stmr Seuuota, Winkle, , 04 hours from Hu
enerae. ¦ -. . , ; ; ,'
. Br s^in Queen Victoria, Morrison, 30. days
from Shanghai. ¦ .¦ ¦ ¦*
Bktn Portlnnd. Clark. 7 days from Tacoma.
• Schr Connanza, Olsen, 7 days from . Coquille
River. ¦ , ' * •¦
Schr: Excelsior, Prudgett, 10 days from Port
Blnkeley.'
. Schr . Western Home, Lembke, 3 '{i days from
Coos Bay.' '." . . ~-\ ¦ . '
- Schr - Courtney Ford, Muf chison, . 12 days
from Port Hadlock.
¦ ¦Schr.' Mary- Etta. Halversen, 10 days from
Siuslaw. ' . . ' .
Sehr Mayflower, Gudmanson, 11 days from
Coquille River.
'- .Schr Parkersburff, EllinKsen, 10 days from
Cofiullle ¦ River. • . ,
Shipping Intelligence.
Some weeks ago Ne'son agreed to pur
chase the bark Wanderer from H. J.
Knowles for $5000. He was without funds,
but this was a trifling matter if sufHcient
freight could be secured for the northern
ports. He figured that he could get
enough tons of freight to pay for the
ship, but his calculations failed. The ton
nage of the freight he figured on fell
short more than one-half, and as he had
collected the greater part of the freight
charges In advance, as well as the pas
page money of several passengers to
Point Barrow he found himself unable
to meet his obligations. Nelson sought
to borrow money and he managed to se
cure several hundred dollars. He secured
supp'-ies from p. Market-street firm and
The arrest Saturday night of Rustan
Kelson, skipper of the bark Wanderer,
for obtaining goods by false pretenses,
vrae no surprise to people along the water
front with whom Nelson had done busi
ness within the last two weeks. Nelson
seems to have gotten into very deep wa
ter, and the abundance of evidence
against him when presented in court is
likely io prevent him from making the
whaling cruise to the Arctic which he
had in contemplation.
While Nelson is languishing behind the
bars the Wanderer is moored at Howard
street wharf awaitln" her skipper. The
various firms with which Nelson did
business have their eyes on the bark and
she will not sail for the Arctic in search
of whales until their bills are paid. The
crow are wondering where their pay is
coming' from and several of them have
concluded to take no chances on that
score. The' result is that the men are
leaving. Meanwhile Knowles, the origi
nal owner of the bark, will enter upon
possession of his property, to hold the
same pending judicial action in Nelson's
case.
from the Bernard Mattress Company.
The latter firm soueht In vain to collect
its bill, and on finding that Nelson was
hopelessly involved It caused his arrest.
WANDERER IS MOORED AT WHARF AND HER SKIPPER LANGUISHES IN JAIL
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height, of tide U the same at both places.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 18— Schr
Challenger, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 18 — Dutch bark Pax. for Cape
Town.
Sailed in May 18 — Schr Fred E Sandor, from
Honolulu., ' -
Sailed out May 18— Schr W H Smith, for St
Michael.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 18— Schr Ma
weena, from Grays Harbor; stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka: stmr W H Kruger, from Re
dondo.
-Sailed May 18 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco. .
ASTORIA — Sailed May 18— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed in May 18 — Br ship
County of Caithness, from Shanghai, for Puget
Sound. ..
TACOMA— Sailed May 18— Stmr Yangtse.
for Seattle. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VANCOUVER— Sailed May IS— Bark Chal
lenger, for Delagoa Bay.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived May 18— Br thlp
Dunbridge, from Shanghai. ..
GIBRALTAR — Passed May 18 — Stmr Bo
livia, from Naples, for New York.
Arrived May 18 — Stmr Lahn, from New
York, for Genoa and Naples, and proceeded
MOVILLE — Arrived May IS — Stmr Tunisan
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
- Sailed Mav IS — Stmr Columbia, from Glas-
Eow,' for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 18— Stmr Geor
gic, from . New York.
NAPLES — Arrived H(ay18 — Stmr Vancouver
from Boston, via Genoa. -for Alexandria
QUKENSTOWN— Sailed May IS— Stmr Urn
bria, from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 18— Stmr
Grosser Kurfuerot, from -Bremen, for New-
York. -
NEW YORK— Arrived May 18— Stmr Al
geria, from Leghorn and Naplea ; «tmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool and Queenstown; »tn>r
Statendam, from . Rotterdam and Boulogne
stmr - Roma, from Marseilles and Nanlei
.AUCKLAND N Z-^Sailed May lS^-Stmr
Sierra, from Sydney. | N S W, for Pago Paxo.
Honolulu and San Francisco. .
"Yes, he's a sprightly looking baby,"
said the sporty uncle of the infant after
a profound » Inspection. "Looks as if he
was full of ginger." ¦ :,..
"That is something,. William, exclaim
ed -the mother, much shocked, "we never
give him. He is • top ; young for that!"—
Baltimore American. -
HAVANA, May IS.— President-elect Pal
ma began work on his inaugural message
to-day, but made little progress, and it is
possible that the message may not b«
ready by Wednesday.
Preparing Kis Inaugural Message
NECHE, N. D., May 18.— William Sym
mington, a farmer of Pembina County,
attempted to cross the Pembina River to
day in a scow. With him were his four
sons arid a nephew. The boat was cap
sized and three of the sons were drowned.
Three Brothers Accidentally Drowned
"I don't know about that," answered
Senator Sorghum. "I can remember
when I had to pay men $5 apiece to show,
me the common .courtesy of staying
awake during the. stump speech and
cheering at the proper time."—Washing
ton Star. .
"Politeness never costs anything," said
the man who remembers the lessons of his
early youth. -
Seventeen Inning Tie Game Between
Chicago and St. Louis American
League Teams.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, May 18.— St. Louis defeated
Brooklyn in an exciting game this afternoon.
Umpire Power was strict. Sheckard. Dahlen
and Wicker were ordered off the grounds for
UMPIRE ORDERS- PLAYERS
OFT ST. LOUIS GROUNDS
F. Marion Wigmore of Los Angeles Is
spending, a few days In this city, and is
staying at the California.
Mrs. J. M. Studebaker, wife of the head
of the great wagon and carriage firm of
Chicago, Is at the Palace.
R. M. Green, a prominent druggist of
Oroville, came down yesterday and is at
the Lick. •
William Barton, president of -the Com
mercial Club of Kansas City, is at the
Grand.
Fred Sutton. attorney and mine owner
of Oroville, is staying at the Lick House.
E. C. Voorhees. ex-State Senator, Is at
the Palace.
Patrick Talent, capitalist of Hanford, is
registered at the Lick House.
PERSONAL.
At the time of the award Congress was
about to pass a bill contracting for the
es-tablishment of the Banco Hlptecanlo
by Altshed, a citizen of the United States,
but because of the decisiqn in Washing
tion the contract proposals were rejected
by a unanimous vote. The plans for a
loan from the United States banking
firms for $5,000,000 have also been dropped.
Throughout Salvador there Is popular ex
e'tement and a feeling of resentment
against the United States.
The arbitrators are censured for ren
dering an alleged unjust decision. All
who sigrned the protest are of the opinion
that the whole affair >s a scandalous
fraufl. ' • .
The Salvadorian newspapers have pub
lished a protest against the decision.
This protest was signed by the leading
foreigners residing here, including some
United States citizens.
SALVADOR CITY, Salvador. May 18.—
Congress ,has energetically protested
against the award of the Arbitration
Commission in Washington that the Gov
ernment of Salvador should pay about
J50C.OOO to Burrell and other American
citizens for taking away the port of El
'friunfo franchise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALIA, May 18.— The wind has been
blowing furiously in Tulare County all
day. Considerable damage was done to
orchards, heavily-loaded limbs being
blown off the fruit trees. At 5:15 o'clock
to-night a sandstorm of considerable se
verity swept over the plains. i>
MODESTO. May 18.— Grain and fruit
crops and shade trees in this county suf
fered greatly to-day from a gale, the
strongest felt here for yeafs. Fruit in
the green state wasblowii from trees,
grain was withered by the wind and
shade trees everywhere were blown down
and broken.
A cross current of wind to-night from
a generally southern direction, carrying
much sand and dust, makes the weather
extremely disagreeable. The local fore
cast official is of the opinion that there
is little prospect of rain, as, while the
barcmeter is low, the nigh temperature
has dried the moisture in the atmosphere.
LOS ANGELES, May 18.— A strong
wind, varying In direction and velocity,
has prevailed here all , day: This morn
ing it blew a moderate gale from tha
East, but later veered to the northwest
and to-night ajttained a velocity of about
twenty- live miles an hour in Los Angeles
and much stronger in exposed places.
The wind is accompanied by a high tem
perature, the thermometer registering a
maximum of 74 degrees this afternoon.
As a result vegetation is suffering.
M. W. .Coffey, H. Marks , and W. W.
Copeland were appointed a committee to
secure music for the parade. Meetings 'of
the labor organizations will be -held* to
night and night at 7 o'cldck
in the headquarters of the Hackmen's
Union, 375 Jessie street, for the purpose
of completing arrangements.
It was determined that the unions
should march to the fair \n a body, head
ed by a band of music. Michael Casey
will act as grand marshal. The proces
sion will be formed on Fifth street in
the vicinity of the United States Mint
The meeting voted to extend an invi
tation to Mayor Schmitz to attend the
festival with the unions, and a committee
consisting of H. Marks, W. Calish and
M. A. Kesler was appointed to wait upon
him. ' The Mayor' was seen yesterday af
ternoon, . and he promised to attend. ',
Labor unions are making extensive
preparations. for attending the Irish fair
on next "Wednesday night, which has been
set apart as "labor union night." Repre
sentatives of twenty-six unions met yes
terday morning , in Metropolitan Temple
to decide upon the best mode of making
a satisfactory display.
Mayor Schmitz Will Assist in Mak
ing Wednesday Night a Mem- »
orable Occasion. .
Salvadorians.
Decision of Arbitration
- Commission Arouses
CHICAGO,* May 18. — The same . between St.
Lcuis and Chicago was one of the most sensa
tional ' on record, ending In a tie after seven
teen innings of brilliant playing. Attendance.
15,418. Score: . : . ¦
:'-}]% :s R. H. ¦ E.
Chicago 2 15 0
St. Louis ...... ...........:•. 2 9 4
Batteries— Callahan and McFarland; Dona
hue and Snyder. ¦¦-.• • . i ¦ ; ¦ ' :.
DETROIT. May' 18. ; — Six pitchers were used
in the remarkable game . that was played at
West End Park this i afternoon/ A ¦ gathering
storm made It so dark that rejwas; necessary
to call the game in the seventh inning. Score:
•'"¦¦ '/ ""' R. H. - E.
Detroit ; '..,. 19 16 6
Cleveland ¦...-. ... .w. .11 . . 10 . 1
Batteries— Siever. Mullen, - Miller, and Mc-
Gulre; Strelt, Joss, Lundbiom and Bemis.
AMERICAN; LEAGUE.
.-¦•¦: ' j r: H. e.
Chicago ..:: ..;......... 3 8 S
Pittsburg .....i..... 11 14 1
Batteries — Menefee and,kling; Philippl and
O'Connor. Umpire— O'Day. • y ..,".'
i . \. ' i T5 TT " -p,
Cincinnati ...: ..15 10 i
New York ". 1 ,5 2
Batteries — Ewing and Peitz; Kennedy,
Evans and Bowerman. Umpire — Cantlllion,
CHICAGO, May 18. — The worst support that
could possibly have been accorded a pitcher fell
to llenefee's ; lot to-day and resulted, in his
first losing statne of the season. Phllippl was
effective with' men on bases. Attendance,
14,600. Score:
conduct which Umpire .Power considered ob
jectionable. Attendance, 5800. Score:
R. H. *e.
St. Louis. ..;. 6 10 8
Brooklyn ........;. ..5 7. ,4
Batteries — Wicker. Murphy and Ryan;
i Hughes and Ahearn. Umpires — Power and
Brown.
CINCINNATI, May 18.— Cincinnati fell on
Kennedy-4n the fifth Inning, and by making
several clean singles scored six runs. Evans
fared no better in the sixth inning. Ewing
was steady and effective throughout. Attend
ance, 6500. Score:
A .Furious Windstorm
Strikes Fruit Grow
ing Sections.
¦Dr. Gladding said he was at a loss to
account for the bruises upon the body
unless post-mortem conditions had caused
them.
When. Mrs. Marsellis was under my treat-'
ment.-^up to the hour of her ' death, there'
were absolutely no bruises or marks of violence'
upon any part of her body. ¦"• .When I arrived
at the house on Thursday night I found that'
the family had applied hot stove lids to the [
abdomen to ease the cramping pains of which,
the patient complained, but there were no'
bruises or burns as a result of this treatment. .
She complained of chills and showed the usual
symptoms of stomach cramps, and -I -treated;
her accordingly. When I last saw her after
death there was not a mark on her body.
la made known I think there will be no charge .
of murder brought against anybody.'. I think',
that all the parties under . suspicion will be -
cleared. It is'a peculiar case and one which ;
may give the authorities of- the law consider- i
able difficulty in solving. Beyond saying that*?
I do not think It is a murder I cannot venture],
any statements except before the . proper au
thorities. , \\ --...- . '"{
SIGN A PROTEST
AGAINST AWARD
Ada Hastings, employed at the Olympia
Theater as a variety actress, took some
antiseptic tablets last night" with intent
to commit suicide. She lives at 915% Mis
sion street. The young woman was in love
with a man named Lawrence Chenault,
an employe of the Olympia, and it is sup
posed that disappointment in this affair
prompted Miss Hastings to attempt to end
her life. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, and after being treated was
soon out of danger.
Attempts Suicide.
LABOR UNIONS WILL
_ MARCH TO IRISH FAIR
. Hanlan Marsellis, the husband, who fig
ures so prominently in this mystery of
.the. college town,'. Is staying at his fath
er's residence, 2912 Wheeler street. The
Town . Marshal's force is continuing the
search for Frank" Lewis, with whom Mar-
Bfellis fought last Sunday night. The dep
uties are hopeful that they can locate the
missing, man, as he ; is . .wanted as a wit
ness atthe inquest. <
•'," Since Coroner Mehrmann has been in of
fice Dr. Gladding has been cut off from
the, enjoyment of that fee. It has rankled,
and the unrecognized physician has not
hesitated to denounce the Coroner when
ever offered; and from the
Ceroner's view 6f. the case this is simply
one. of those opportunities.
V \. There has . been • a difference of long
standing between- the Coroner, and Dr.
Gladding. It. has been sharpened because
the Berkeleyan has not been accorded the
privilege of handling autopsies in cases
¦which <-. he had ¦ reported to the Coroner.
•The.- milk -in that cocoanut consists of a
%V> fee allowed- by the county in cases
v/here an autopsy is held.
j I did not . appear before Coroner Mehrmann
because I did not consider him a proper per
son to, conduct such an investigation,' nor will
I appear before him unless brought there by the
arm -of the" law. -I" am not trying to defeat
justice. ¦ I am simply refusing to appear before
a man who uses his office as a leverage where
with .to .work his private spite. . •
In conclusion the West Side physician
gave the- Coroner a fling, saying:
WHIPPING GALE
HURTS ORCHARDS
Kelly was a Native Son and a member
of Aerie No. 5 of Eagles in San Fran
cisco. He was employed as a bartender.
James Kelly when boarding a train at
Schuetzen Park yesterday afternoon was
run over and killed. Kelly, who lived in
San Francisco, had been attending the
fourth annual picnic of the Eagles at
the park and was getting on the train of
the California Northwestern Railroad
when the accident occurred. His wife,
who accompanied him to the picnic, had
preceded him in the cars.
Kelly waited until the train started and
then attempted to jump on. His foot
slipped and he went under. The wheels
ran over both legs, and before the alarm
could be given and the train stopped two
cars had passed over the body. When
taken from under the train Kelly was
dead. Mrs. Kelly was not aware that her
husband had been killed, and not until
reaching the terminus of the road at
Tiburon did she learn of the accident.
San Franciscan Meets With Terrible
Death Near the Schuetzen
Park Station.
KILLED UNDER : "WHEELS
OF A PICNIC TRAIN
Mackenzie's ticket — Mayor, Adolph
Greeninger; Treasurer, T. J. McGeoghe
gun; Clerk, J. W. Cook; Councilmen. (at
large) W. G. Rogers, (First Ward) J. F.
OKeefe, (Fourth Ward) W. H. Anderson.
The tickets are: Citizens*— Mayor,
George D. Worswiek; Treasurer, W. F.
Blakeslee; Clerk, J. A. Belloli; Council
man, (at large) H. D. Mathews, (First
"Ward) Patrick Murray, (Fourth Ward)
A. L. Hubbard.
Both sides to-night are confident of
electing their tickets. Hayes and other
leaders of the Citizens' Reform party
claim the election by about 1400 votes, if
not more. Mackenzie is not so confident
of an easy victory and places his possi
ble majority at 650.
The State at large i ; watching the out
- come of the election. While it is a mu-'
nicipal one, the Gage and anti-Gage
forces are well lined up in the Macken
zie and Citizens' parties, and the outcome
will be a good index of what support the
Governor may expect in Santa Clara
County should he again be a candidate.
Ja order to help Gage Mackenzie is dofng
his hardest work and politicians in San
Francisco and elsewhere are lending en
couragement and aid. The Mackenzie
faction has an endless supply of money,
which they are using in the fight, and it
is believed some of this is being furnished
by the State machine.
Never befcre have factions been so tire
less in a campaign. Every San Josean
wno has been away has been sent for to
come home and vote. There are about
4S»J voters registered and nearly this
number of ballots will be cart. The Mac
kenzie faction in 1S9S defeated S. E.
Smith for Mayor by 400 and two years
ago Martin beat Edwards for Mayor by
5!>*.
SAN JOSE, May 18.— To-morrow's elec
tion will be the most interesting in the
history of San Jose. The campaign of
both sides closed Ust night with precinct
meetings, and the workers have put in
to-day trying to convince doubtful voters
what they should do There has been a
tig influx of strangers in the last two
days', and the Citizens' Committee are
openly charging that th-s Mackenzie
forces have imported voters. Four ar
rests have already been made for illegal
registration.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The message further stated, that the
Boer war would probably altogether cease
in a. very few days.
The remount station at Lathrop, thirty
miles southeast of this city, will be aban
doned, and the herds of horses and mules
accumulated there will be sent to other
parts of the British Empire.
PRETORIA May 18.— The Boer dele
gates who are assembled at Vereening,
Transvaal, held prolonged conferences
Thursday and Friday of last week.
LONDON, May 19.— A dispatch to the*
Times from Pretoria says that about 163
Beer leaders are assembled at Vereen
ing, and that their demeanor leads one
to suppose they will vote in favor of a
continuatioa of hostilities, but the fact
that the voting is by ballot may turn
the balance to the side of peace. What
ever the direct result of the conference
may be, says the correspondent, the end
of the war Is not distant, because the con
ference will probably be followed by num
erous surrenders in various directions,
enabling large bodies of British troops to
be liberated and poured into the resisting
districts.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., May 18.— Agents of
the British Government in this city to
day ¦ received a cable message from the
War Office In London to cease ull pur
chases of horses and mules for shipment
to South Africa. ¦ >• , :
Special DisDatch to The Call.
The bill at the Central' for the week be
ginning to-night will be Harvey's cele
brated emotional drama, "Woman
Against Woman," and more than the or
dinary interest attaches to the production
as it serves to introduce the Central's new
leading lady, Miss Fanny Mclntyre, who
appears for the first time here. She will
assume the principal role, and the rest of
John Drew and "The Second in Com
mand'\is on for another week at the Co
lumbia Theater, and it is needless to add
that that ever-welcome actor and Mar
shall's new comedy will serve to keep the
house crowded during the week. The play
is handsomely staged and the costumes
are very beautiful.
. "The Singing Girl," with its humorous
situations and splendid list of musical hits,
still continues to draw big houses to the
Tivoli. The show commences its third
week to-night, and there is not the least
sign of a decrease in its popularity. "The
Singing Girl" appears to have been pro
duced by the author specially for the
stock company of the Tlvoll, as it affords
each member an opportunity to display
his or her particular talent. In the title
role Annie Myers can bring the charm of
her sweet voice into play to the limit,
while in the character of Prince Pumper
nickel Ferris Hartman appears at hl3
best. All the rest of the cast is equally
as well suited.
"Waddy Googan," the comedy by Ed
ward Harrigan, will be presented this
week at the Grand Opera-house. The play
is said to be full of laughs. The fact that
this week is Harrigan' s farewell appear
ance here should serve to draw large,
crowds to the Grand Opera-house, as the
actor-author J has many friends in this
city.
"Fiddle Dee Dee" begins its seventh
week at Fischer's Theater to-night, and
it is reported that the advance sale of
seats is the largest yet. There is an un
broken line at the box-office from the end
of one week to the other, and the run
promises to eclipse any other in the his
tory of this city. Freda Gallick, a new
addition to the stock company, will sing
to-night "MollieJShannon," the song with
which Anna Held made* such a hit in the
"Little Duchess" at the Casino in New
York last season. There will be a special
matinee on Decoration day.
"The Brixton Burglary" will be put on
at the Alcazar this evening. Handled by
this theater's unusually capable stock
company, this production should do a big
business. This will be its first presenta
tion in this city. It has made a great hit
in London and New York, and with the
approval of these two great cities upon it
comes to capture San Francisco.
The Neill Company presented one of its
greatest successes, "The Lottery of
Love," for the* first time this season at
the California Theater last night. It has
come to be taken as a matter of course
in San Francisco that what, the Neills
present is good, and this clever little
comedy occupies a prominent place in the
company's repertoire. Nein as Double
dot, the man whose affections wax and
wane, as the mother-in-law is distant or
painfully close at hand, could make the
most blase theater-goer hold his sides
In laughter. Lillian Andrews, in the
character of Zenobia Sherramy, is second
only to Neill as a funmaker. Her sailor's
hornpipe took the house by storm. Edythe
Chapman occupies in this play a less im
portant role than usual, but is able, nev
ertheless, to display her talents quite
brilliantly as the obedient daughter of
the disagreeable mother-in-law. Marian
Stone, as Doubledot's second wife, is in
deed charming. John .W. Burton, Frank
McVicars and Donald Bowles also appear
to advantage. The rest of the cast is ex
cellent, and contributes generously to the
success of "The Lottery of Love."
Lotta Gladstone is an artist with a
laugh that is infectious. As a monologist
she is certainly the peer of any member
of her sex. Her caricatures are remark
able, and she was accorded the apprecia
tion she deserves. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
Kelcy presented a charming little farce
entitled "Uncle Phineas." It is a gem,
and gives both a chance to display versa
tility. Little Elsie gave some clever imi
tations, but her rendition of Digby Bell's
dt&cription of a lad's view of the base-
Lall game made the "fans". howl with
delight. Kelly and Dent opened the bill
with "Ginger ' Snaps," and made good.
Lew Sully'tells many new stories and sings
songs that prove that Mayor Schmitz is
more popular than Governor Gage. The
eight Picchlani "sisters" had the audience
guessing. There seems to be a few men in
the bunch, but their disguise was like
their act— perfection. Sager Midgley and
Gertie Carlisle, old favorites, scored
heavily in a new sketch. She is the same
Gertie Carlisle that won hearts when a
schoolgirl. Dooley and Fowler are black
face comedians of high order. Th£y' dance
and sing wonderfully well. Mile. Ches
ter's $10,000 statue dog closes a splendid
bill.
Every act on the Orpheum's bill is' a
star attraction this week. There was
not half a minute's lagging of interest
on the part of the audience last night.
The new numbers are splendid, and ! the
hold-overs can be seen a dozen times
without becoming tedious.
the cast will be fully up to the standard.
Bacon and Vane, Byrne and West,
Maude and Gladys Sorensen, Jack Sym
onds, Fetching, brothers, Grant and Grant
and new moving pictures are prominent
on this week's bill at the Chutes. A vau
deville performance is given every after
noon and evening.
When Dr. Gladding was questioned to
day he refused to disclose the exact con
text of the dead woman's last statement,
but he said:
When Mrs. Marsellis' dying statement to me
In that testimony Dr. Payne was fully
and particularly corroborated by Dr.
Bowell.
At the inquest last night Dr. Payne's
testimony was that Mrs. Marsellis' in
juries were the result of violence, and
that the external bruises were ante
mcrtem.
Let Dr. Gladding make his statements under
oath. So far as I am concerned I am thor
oughly satisfied with my report upon the au
topsy. The bruises were not post-mortem
changes. They were there before ¦ Mrs. Mar
sellis died. There can be no doubt about it.
I shall stand by my testimony in every par
ticular.' . • , . ; .
Dr. l^rank H. Payne, one of Berkeley's
prominent surgeons, who was assisted
during the autopsy by Dr. Hubert N.-
Rowell, formerly Health Officer and 5 a
leading physician of the college town, de
clared to-night that he was entirely un
concerned over any of Dr. Gladding's
statements. Dr. Payne said:
If Dr. Gladding can throw any light on this
case he will be given ample opportunity to do
so to-morrow evening, when the inquest" will
be resumed. Dr. Gladding has refused to obey
one summons to attend and another one has
gone out to him. He will, in my opinion, be
present to-morrow evening. I do not care to
discuss any personal matters connected with
Dr. Gladding and myself.
So far as the bruises and that sort of thing
are concerned we have in evidence the testi
mony of the two autopsy surgeons that they
were inflicted before death. It is not ray busi
ness to criticize the testimony, bo it makes no
difference to me personally or as Coroner what
Dr. Gladding or any other witness might say.
PAYNE IS NOT PERTURBED.
But Coroner Mehrmann says he is not
at all alarmed concerning Dr. Gladding s
statements. The Coroner says:
And Dr. Gladding, who refused to obey
Coroner Mehrmann's subpena, also an
nounces that from the deathbed state
ments of Mrs. Marsellis he does not be
lieve murder was done, although he be
lieves the case is one which will require
considerable official investigation.
But Dr. Gladding's attack has assumed
a personal phase as well. He accuses the
Coroner of spitefully using him, and he
is sure that he will never testify before
that official, unless compelled to do so
by process of law. That means Dr. Glad
ding purposes to compel Coroner Mehr
mann to bring film into court. The law
provides a very ; simple means, ¦' for it
clothes the Coroner with power to en
force the arrest and the detention in
pri&on of the delinquent witness until he
shall purge himself of contempt by obe
dience to the summons.
The explosive hurled by the West Berke
ley medico is in the shape of a declara
tion that when Mrs. Marsellis died there
were no bruises on her body. This sim
ply means that if Dr. Gladding's , state
ment is correct the marks upon the body
of which the autopsy surgeons have'
made much in their testimony are only
the usual post-mortem changes and : dis
coiorations of the flesh. . .
official inquiry, has cast a bomb
shell into ; the camp of the Coroner,
the police officials and the autopsy sur
geons who reported the finding of evi
dence which indicated the woman's death
by violence. '[i
ERKELEY, May 18.— Dr. Charles
F. Gladding, the attending phy
sician upon - Mrs. Caroline Mar-
sellis, whose death is now under
Citizens' Committee Declares
Voters Are Being
Imported.
Neills Cleverly. Present the
"Lottery of Love."
Other Bills.
Interesting I News Conveyed
in Message to Remount
Agents.
for the Election
Contest.
San Jose at Fever Heat
Vaudeville Playhouse
Presents All-Star
Programme.
Orders Are Given to Stop
the Shipments of .'¦¦)'
CLEVER TURNS
AT THE ORPHEUM
CITY SIZZLES
OVER POLITICS
BRITISH WILL
CEASE FIGHTING
.. . ¦ • - - ¦ ¦ • ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MAY 19, 1902.
Woman Thiat Causes Flurry Among Morgue Officials,
but Autopsy Surgeons Stand Firmly by Their Report
Makes Statement Regarding Mysterious Death of Berkteley
DR. GLADDING DECLARES NO BRUISES
EXISTED ON MRS. MARSELLIS' BODY
DOCTOR WHO SAYS THERE
; WERE NO BRUISES ON MRS.
V .MARSELLIS' BODY.
c
7
O Time Time Time ITlme
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a |L W| |HW (L W . . . |H W
1» 3:39 O.f. 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 6 5
21 5:00 — 0.1 U:G» 4.4 4:31 'J.9 10:51 6.4
22 5:36—0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.9 11:20 5.3
23 6:11 — 0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.0 11:47 5 1
21 6:48—0.1 2:14 4.4 C:25 2.8. I....'.
H W . |L W H W L Wl
25 O:1C 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:031 3 0
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 a:30 4.4 8:041 3 0
Ftt-amer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica
Ai-rc... *.....
Crescent City
Chehali?.-
Meteor.......
Nrrth Fork..
City of Para.
State of Cat..
Coos Bay....
San Pedro. . . .
Wellington...
Pomona. .....
Columbia.:.".
Acme
Victoria....;
Lakme. ......
Eureka...... '
Rival, .v.....
G- Dollar....
SanPedro .............
Eel River. Ports
Cresctnt City .;........
San Pedro....
Oyster Harbor I . . . . . . . .
Humboldt ..".'.
Panama ¦ & "Way > Ports . .
San D14go & Way Ports.
San Pedro & Wa> Ports.
Grays Harbor '-. .*. . . v . .* . ;
Comox V. "........•.
Humboldt ...;.........
Portland & Astoria
Sluslaw • River .........
Oyster Harbor .........
Humboldt . . . ....... . . . .
Humboldt ........."...•.;
Willapa Harbor ;.
Grays Harbor .....".."...
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 19
May 19
May 10
May 10
May. 10
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 22
May -i'l
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports . .l.|May'22
Point Arena.. Point Arena .May. 22
Santa Rosa . . San Diego & Way PortslMay '1U
Mcndalay Coquille River .May 2.'t
Bonlta. ...... Newport & Way Ports.lMayS!
Corcnado. . .> • Grays Harbor .. May 2t
G. . \\\ Elder'.. Portland & : Astoria ..... Hay 23
Newburg Grays Harbor ......... May 2
Air.fr. Maru.. China & Japan May.&7
Alameda... .. Honolulu May 27
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports ,.. May 27
Queen........ Pugot Sound Ports .... May i.'7
Acme........ Sluslaw River.. ..;...... May 23
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. |May 29
Stenmer.
Destination.
ISails.'l Pier.
— ¦
Sequoia. . .
S. Monica..
Ch* halls.;.
Eureka....
Ateo......
Newport . . .
Dora ......'.
J. Klmball.
Laktne.. . . .
Acme. .....
Umatilla...
Pcmona....
San Pedro. .
State Cal...
Coos Bay.. .!
Ventura. ,'..i
Rainier....
North Fork
Newsboy.'. .
• . - ¦ ¦•-¦•¦ i
. May 11).
Grays Harbor
Humboltlt .......'..
Grays . Harbor '.¦;". i '. .
Humboldt .........".
Eel River .Ports....
Panama . & Way . . .
May 2O.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Los - Angeles Ports.
Sluslaw- River .:.'.
Piiget Sound Ports.
1 May 22.
Humboldt V
Grays Harbor .;."..
San Diego & Way..
San. Pedro & Way..
Sydney & Way Pts.
Seattle & . Whatcom
JJumtooldt :.....:..
Nome via Golofnln
May 23.
Astoria &^ Portland
May 24.
Grays Harbor .....
Point Arena ¦- . : . . : .
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Wlllapa Harbor 1 ;;.
Mar 26.
Puget Sound Ports.
Coquille River ....
May 2T.
China & Japan.....
; May 28. -.-
Panama &'; Way. . .
Grays Harbor -,. .
-4 pm|Pier 2
4 pmlPier. 2
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier l:;
4 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier Zi
5 pm|Pler 2
I ¦¦¦-. i ¦¦
5 pm|Pler 2
5 pm|Pier 2
11 amIPIer u
1:30 p'pier ft
10 am|pier 2
J) am filer 11
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier -7
5 pm Pier 2
S) am'P'er 1 2
...... iPier 10
11 am Pier 2 1
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier' ,2
12 m Pier 13
6,pm Pier .2
11 am Pier 0
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
12 m PMSS
• 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia..
G. Dollar./
Pt. Arena. .
Arcata .....
Rival......
City Puefcla
Mandalay. .
Coptic.....
City Para;.
Corona do..
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin.' 1 ..*':;".
City Toppka..
Farallon.. ...
City Seattle. .
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway / & ¦- Way \ Ports.
Skagway & Way \ Ports.
Skagway & Way. Ports.
May 19
May 20
May 21
May XX
Humboldt '...: Skagway &iWay Ports. | May 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Kimball. Nome direct ........... May 25
Diiigq. ...... Skagway & Way Ports. May if?
G Thompson. Nome & St.'' Michael... May 27
Centennial... Nome . direct May 29
Cottage City. I Skagway & AVay Ports. May 30
O Time Time Time ITlme
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a |L W| |HW (L W . . . |H W
1» 3:39 O.f. 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 6.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 6 5
21 5:00 — 0.1 U:G» 4.4 4:31 'J.9 10:51 6.4
22 5:36—0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.9 11:20 5.3
23 6:11 — 0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.0 11:47 5 1
21 6:48—0.1 2:14 4.4 C:25 2.8. I....'.
H W . |L W H W L Wl
25 O:1C 4.9 7:24 0.1 2:58 4.4 7:031 3 0
26 0:45 4.7 8:00 0.3 a:30 4.4 8:041 3 0
Stenmer.
Destination.
ISails.'l Pier.
— ¦
Sequoia. . .
S. Monica..
Ch* halls.;.
Eureka....
Ateo......
Newport . . .
Dora ......'.
J. Klmball.
Laktne.. . . .
Acme. .....
Umatilla...
Pcmona....
San Pedro. .
State Cal...
Coos Bay.. .!
Ventura. ,'..i
Rainier....
North Fork
Newsboy.'. .
• . - ¦ ¦•-¦•¦ i
. May 11).
Grays Harbor
Humboltlt .......'..
Grays . Harbor '.¦;". i '. .
Humboldt .........".
Eel River .Ports....
Panama . & Way . . .
May 2O.
Nome & St. Michael
Nome via Seattle..
May 21.
Los - Angeles Ports.
Sluslaw- River .:.'.
Piiget Sound Ports.
1 May 22.
Humboldt V
Grays Harbor .;."..
San Diego & Way..
San. Pedro & Way..
Sydney & Way Pts.
Seattle & . Whatcom
JJumtooldt :.....:..
Nome via Golofnln
May 23.
Astoria &^ Portland
May 24.
Grays Harbor .....
Point Arena ¦- . : . . : .
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Wlllapa Harbor 1 ;;.
Mar 26.
Puget Sound Ports.
Coquille River ....
May 2T.
China & Japan.....
; May 28. -.-
Panama &'; Way. . .
Grays Harbor -,. .
-4 pm|Pier 2
4 pmlPier. 2
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier l:;
4 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier Zi
5 pm|Pler 2
I ¦¦¦-. i ¦¦
5 pm|Pler 2
5 pm|Pier 2
11 amIPIer u
1:30 p'pier ft
10 am|pier 2
J) am filer 11
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier -7
5 pm Pier 2
S) am'P'er 1 2
...... iPier 10
11 am Pier 2 1
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier' ,2
12 m Pier 13
6,pm Pier .2
11 am Pier 0
4 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
12 m PMSS
• 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia..
G. Dollar./
Pt. Arena. .
Arcata .....
Rival......
City Puefcla
Mandalay. .
Coptic.....
City Para;.
Corona do..
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Dolphin.' 1 ..*':;".
City Toppka..
Farallon.. ...
City Seattle. .
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway / & ¦- Way \ Ports.
Skagway & Way \ Ports.
Skagway & Way. Ports.
May 19
May 20
May 21
May XX
Ftt-amer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica
Ai-rc... *.....
Crescent City
Chehali?.-
Meteor.......
Nrrth Fork..
City of Para.
State of Cat..
Coos Bay....
San Pedro. . . .
Wellington...
Pomona. .....
Columbia.:.".
Acme
Victoria....;
Lakme. ......
Eureka...... '
Rival, .v.....
G- Dollar....
SanPedro .............
Eel River. Ports
Cresctnt City .;........
San Pedro....
Oyster Harbor I . . . . . . . .
Humboldt ..".'.
Panama ¦ & "Way > Ports . .
San D14go & Way Ports.
San Pedro & Wa> Ports.
Grays Harbor '-. .*. . . v . .* . ;
Comox V. "........•.
Humboldt ...;.........
Portland & Astoria
Sluslaw • River .........
Oyster Harbor .........
Humboldt . . . ....... . . . .
Humboldt ........."...•.;
Willapa Harbor ;.
Grays Harbor .....".."...
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 10
May 19
May 19
May 10
May 10
May. 10
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 22
May 22
May -i'l
Humboldt '...: Skagway &iWay Ports. | May 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Kimball. Nome direct ........... May 25
Diiigq. ...... Skagway & Way Ports. May if?
G Thompson. Nome & St.'' Michael... May 27
Centennial... Nome . direct May 29
Cottage City. I Skagway & AVay Ports. May 30
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports . .l.|May'22
Point Arena.. Point Arena .May. 22
Santa Rosa . . San Diego & Way PortslMay '1U
Mcndalay Coquille River .May 2.'t
Bonlta. ...... Newport & Way Ports.lMayS!
Corcnado. . .> • Grays Harbor .. May 2t
G. . \\\ Elder'.. Portland & : Astoria ..... Hay 23
Newburg Grays Harbor ......... May 2
Air.fr. Maru.. China & Japan May.&7
Alameda... .. Honolulu May 27
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports ,.. May 27
Queen........ Pugot Sound Ports .... May i.'7
Acme........ Sluslaw River.. ..;...... May 23
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports. |May 29
JT Mellin'sFood
W* babies have pink
\4 cheeks, bright eyes,
I sound teeth, strong
limbs and firm flesh.
Send to the Mellin's
Food Company, V
Boston, Mass, for A
a free sample of i? 1
Mellin's Food. JF
DR. TALCOTT & CO.
M SPECIALISTS, DIS-
ORDERS OF MEN.
Advice and Colored*
Chart of the Organs
Free at office or by
Will remove to 11 AO
Market St., opposite'
Hate's, June 1.
-~ : ~ — : — ~t
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
i iUSEUH OF &HATOHY>
I I Oj 1051)Ci.SIX25T.1»t.e&ft7a i 8.r.CiL£
J~f Th e La*sest Anatomical Museum ia Die \
t ' ¦«% Wor*. Weakneises or any cootncte4 M
hF-3 ETW *sease y«»i4»««-l j car«4 by the oiac.t T
Q fj£3j&}3 5>P«a*'ist on the Co*st- E»L 3* years. £
4 $ *zr\ DR * JCSDAM-DiS£AS£S OF MEN A
\ W SaI^Jj • Consultation free »nd strictly pri-rate. \
W U BOTH Treatment personally or by letter. A §
\ I W 1J9 fit*— CVr» in ereryca»e undertaken. \
O $ It 11 W Write for 3ooK. rniLOtOPlY *f 1
" * I 11^ ¦AKBjIACK. MAILXO MSB. Uf
A O '> "luable book for mm) \
V D3. JUBDAH A CO., 1051 Market Sfc.S. F. T
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
i& A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. |
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neya and. Bladder. Sells on its own merits. :
NABER. ALFS & BBUNE. Agents.
323 Market «t.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.) „
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF had stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years a« *
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colda, Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuraljrta,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drtyxlsU,
GRAPE-NUTS.
The good
Housekeeper
uses
Grape-Nuts
and drops out
meat just now
all Grocers
/<^T>VPHt7*T5TF'M" > a'M T rg.THE SAN- -FRANCISCO, CALL, IM^NDAY, MAY } 19; 1902.
8
CliAIRVOTANTS-— Conflnued.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant 4 and high- psychlsf;
hours 11 to 3; readlnga by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 60; readlnga dally. / 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT and palmistry. , L. EHM.^427
Ellis Bt. near Buchanan. . - . • "
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN xou- become disgusted with poor work
send t«| SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama at ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.8th&0th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating- Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A, G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
Gl£o^G^^wT~TcEl]iLlrS~A^ency^-No charge
unless successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS^ ______^.
EiIeCTiCo^DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $.*> 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5,- full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
FuU set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
¦workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas special 1st
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk at. ' ¦ .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsot-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st, nr. 7th & Howard.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Sc3?5^)L~olFEl^TRICAT J ENGi-
NEERINCJ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market st. -. - -
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
. hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed, by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st ¦ - -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for- the university, law and medical
colleges; references,- President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ...
VOICES for grand, light and comic opera; no
experience; office hours 5 to 7 p. m. daily.
DeWitt May-Belle, Van Ness and Grove,
room 19. • ¦ ~
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st., for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, eleo., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864.- Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR.- expert accountant 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
WANTED — Pupils on piano, 50c lesson at their
homes. 328 Bush st, room 4.. third floor.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
• Carusi, Hallet School feting. 120 O'Farrell st
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, COc lesson. 14S4 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
founded 18<3: new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072."
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 7 . 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &• CO., 640. Clay..
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Situation as nurse for children
/or companion to elderly person; assist with
sewing, housework, or help children with
music or school .studies. Address box 882,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl as
chambermaid or to do second work.. Apply
at pastor's residence of the Swedish Metho-
dist Church. l_039 Minna St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.--'
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants to do general
housework; good cook; no objections to short
distance in country. 435 Fulton st, near
Octavla.
CAPABLE woman wishes work by. the day;
washing. Ironing or cleaning. Call at 176
Seventh st; no postals.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for gen-
eral housework; wages $20. Please call at
316% Ritch st., between Brannan and Town-
send. -
SWEDISH girl wants general housework;
wages $20. 42 Elliott .Park, between O'Far-
rell and Geary sts.. near Steiner.. , .
POSITION wanted as housekeeper by refined
lady; no objection to children: or would cook
for men. Please call 68-76 Ellis St., room 50.
JAPANESE girl wants general housework and
plain cooking; $5 per week. 147 Buchanan st.
COLORED woman wishes work by day; $1 °5
day and car fare. . 1326 Pine st.
WOMAN wants work : by day or half-day;
quick and neat. 111% Minna st, room 4. ,
GIRL wanted to-do general housework and'
cooking. Box A. Call branch, 300 Haye3 st.
GIRL wishes situation for light housework;
reference; no postals answered. ,1022 Sutter.-
A— WANTED — Position as "nurse 'for children
of officer going to Philippines, or as stew-
ardess on any steamer; used to travel: ex-
ceptional references. Address box 885, Call.
COLORED woman wishes • position aa maid or
nurse to lady (with or without family) going
to Honolulu; first-class references;: moderate
wages. Address 1320 Pine st. •• . . ¦ ¦ ,.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework and ' plain • cooking; good
laundress; $25. Box 861, Call.
REFINED woman wishes to exchange services
for travel with lady or "family for summer.
Box 15, Modesto, Cah v -¦¦¦¦; ¦ . .
REFINED lady, good cook, wishes position as
' housekeeper; no washing;' wages $30. Box
856,^ Call. . . • , \ ¦ '
DRESSMAKER , would like engagements at
$1.75 per day; good fit guaranteed; also chil-
dren's, work. 801 Ellis st ¦ .;- • ¦.¦¦-.--
WANTED — Housekeeper's position In a lodg-
ing-house; 14 years' experience. . Address
MRB..M." G. S.. box 884. Call office..
WANTED — Situation by a lady * piano player;
-, city - or country. ¦ Box 1 857,-, Call. ¦ . .
COLORED girl wants place to work ; by the
. day or as maid." • 1326 Pine st , • ¦ •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
• ket — 200 rooms; 25o to $1 50 per night; $1 50
¦ tc $6 week; convenient and respectable;. free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE! of The San Francisco
CsiL corner of Market and Third streets; open
BBtU 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— «27 Montgomery street,
corner day; open until 8:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes etreet; open until 9:50 p. m.
638 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tacky street*; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- , .»._
m&ncJery No 16. K. T.. G25 Sutter *&£?*
st— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- KJ
ING at 8 o'clock; Installation of offi- V0
cers; all fraters are courteously in- w
Tited. H. D. LOVBLAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH/ Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L A
KcyeJ Arch Masons, meets THIS
EVENING: businees and degree 4. JZ 3r
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. «^r '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at JL
7 :S0 o'clock. First degree. By order ffjf
of the Master. : "'
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M. — Second degree THIS
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. JKJ\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. / V
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. -^^BKA*
F. — Funeral detail assemble TO- ¦igSSSSS
DAY at 12:30 p. m. In our lodgo-
room to attend the funeral of our
late brother. BERNARD PERATA-
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
tbe company, 827 Market st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902, at the hour of S o'clock d. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 8 o'clock o. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office, S27 Market st. San Francisco. CaL
CHEAPEST and best in America — The "Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
TJnlted States or Canada one year for $1.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Either sex; my plan shows
how you may increase your Income without
capital, outfit or previous experience; my plan
does not interfere with any occupation you
may be engaged in, because no one need know
you are my representative; if you are out of
work you can earn $100 per month working
for me; you can learn how to work for me
successfully in five minutes' time and the
work is strictly honorable, legitimate and
permanent Address W. M. GRIFFIN, key
104, Fort Wayne, Ind.. for free particulars.
I do not want one penny of your money.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success : established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees}
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. S05 Market. 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny st
ALL EINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
OOOD home with refined family (2 adults) for
child going to school; $7 month. 1610% Bush;
phone Polk 2787; references exchanged.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes 1143 Market; tel. Howard 1948.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
de^ot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the best Investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny.
A — $800; PARTNER wanted In fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter 6t: sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 26 ft Kearny st
A — $800; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call It.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st /
A — $950; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$42 50; t>l&ce is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2t>H Kearny.
A — $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
st.; established for years and known as flrst-
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $ii»; investigate at ence; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26 Kearny st
12 GROCERIES and bars. .Prices $500 to $2600
10 branch bakeries Prices $200 to $2000
22 cigar stores Prices $300 to $2000
1> confectioneries Prices 5150 to $1000
20 d«ilcatc-8sena Prices $225 to $2500
•22 restaurants Prices 5250 to $3000
14 saloons Pries $300 to $8000
Fine business openings at all times; good
value guaranteed; call and investigate.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
WANTED — Good-paying grocery, cigar 6tand.
saloon with rooms above; also branch ba-
keries: we have cash customers who will buy
immediately. EITEL & CARROLL, 1032
Market st.
DELICACY store; beet location In city; will
cl»ar $5000 per year; come and Investigate;
bold on acccunt of death; price $3500.
Good paying grocery store, branch bakeries
and cigar Etores.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market at
CANDY STORE CANDY STORE
IN SAN JOSE.
Location unsurpassed; fixtur«s the very best.
Stock will invoice $5500. Swell ice cream
parlor. Factory well equipped.
Can be bought at your own price.
Make us an offer
LINCOLN INVESTMENT CO.. inc..
620 Market st
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
•nacy other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for .our free list. HEA.
LY £ CARR Realty and Mining Co. 713
Market Et, room 406; tel. James 4££i.
$1500 — AN elegant oyster and chop house; best
location; cheap rent; daily receipts guaran-
teed $35 to $40; sells at sacrifice on account
of sickness; lock at this before buying else- '
where. Apply p. S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny
tt., room 1.
BUTCHER shop; fine fixtures; good cash trade;
old-established business; horse, cart; must be
sold this week; on easy terms; don't miss it ;
Call Business Board of Trade. 326 Pine st
RESTAURANT— $100 cash and $200 on time;
good business for roan and wife. McBRLDE
AN employment office established 13 years;
will 6ell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CULLEN-S, S25 Sutter st
A GOOD-PAYING fruit store for sale, on ac-
count of Immediate departure: best location
, on Market st; transier corner; any one can
run it; cheap rent; living rooms; only $225"
must be sold to-day. 1944 Market St.
A SNAP — On account of death; 300 shares In
one • of tbe best paying laundries in city
Call 250 Clementina st. after 6p.m.
$400— RESTAURANT and*'' oyster house; cenl
trally located; business clears $100 month-
sacrifice on account wife's sickness. Box
S51, Call office.
I WILL invest from $500 to $1500 in a centrally
located and well paying restaurant Address
box 858. Call office. ¦
FOR sale — Tea and coffee route; profits $200
per month; price $1500; no agents. Box 1797
Call office. '
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792, Call.
FOR SALE— Blacksmlthlng and horseshoeing
business. 1T18 Flllmore st
tlOO — HALF Interest in real estate office • Mar-
ket st: central. Address box 1721. CalL
FOR rent — Hotel, furnished complete, amon«-
Santa Cruz redwoods. Owner, box 847. Call.
J5000 ADDITIONAL capital; wholesale business
in connection with manufactory. Box 870, CalL
HOWARX» and 18th — Grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms; stable; rent $15; price $300. .
RESTAURANT for sale — Cheap. 136 Second
street ¦»'. ;
flOO — TOBACCO and cigar store with' living
tvoma; rent $13; must selL Apply 140 First
: —Cqa.
katt ors and ordinary seamen for Europe and
S Australia HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at. near Mar.
tattoo rooSs. 25cnlght; readlngroomj; fr«
J 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
c^-ss E .?& d i;-5!s,*-'o t '»" d^ 1 '¥Stt:
Valencia at. ¦¦— -— -I
HORSE3_AyP_WAGOyS,
FlRST%ale at Horse Market. 72X
Howard st; 60 head of gentle and thorough-
w broken horses, "from 1000 to 170O pounda:
IXso 1 complete camping outfit; horses now on
exhibition: sale begins at 1 p. • m. Monday.
May 19. 1902; telephone Main 1I5O.
ttt<;t arrived 20 fine work, driving and sad-
J dl?ho«es. weighing from'l200 to 1600: well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see" them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 243
Third at WM. O. LAYNG. proprietor.
a LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horsa Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagona, har-
Slsi. etc- Auction sales every Wednesday at
1-Tat m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
¦RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery at. ______™
FOR sale Santa Rosa Saleayard— Juat arrived,
aeveral fine road and business how*, new
buggies and harness. 1490 Market, cor. lltX
S«n Francisco Veterinary College— Fourth a«s-
JlonbeglnaJune 9. Catalogues by applying t»
M? L. PANCOAST. Sec. BIO Golden Gate ave.
PHAETON $40; top buggy. $40: buggy. $20;
big how. $35; tent $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
FOR exchange— Handsome driving cart seat-
lng "for auntie buggy horse. Box 831. Call.
CAMPING wagons, suitable for 1 *g^J«, "^S.*
express wagons and surreya. 1634 Mission.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, -
rtc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.hames3.work,drtvlng horses. 15th&Valenda.
an Al exDress wagon, single: aleo light camp-
in^wllSn for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.
HOUSES ' TO LET.
•» PRINTED list nouses to let: aend for cir-.
colar. G. H. UMB3EN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
' son. between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place.
HOUSES TO LET — FPKNISHED.
FURNISHED, for not less than one year, or
will sell at a sacrifice; modern house. 13
rooms, bath, etc.. Including 2 kitchens suit-
able if desired for 2 families: fine order; large
garden; reasonable to reliable parties. • 123
Liberty st. near Twenty-first and Guerrero.
ONE year or longer — Fine residence, 12 rooms,
bath, etc.; completely furnished; will sell at a
sacrifice; large garden: pleasant surround-
ings; reasonable to responsible parties; Mis-
sion warm belt. 129 Liberty st, near T«en-
ty-flrst. '
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY.
MliNLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms,
bath; fnrnlshed. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
INVESTMENTS.
HAVE YOU ANY MONEY TO INVEST? "
Have you the same foresight as the Standard
Oil Company, Santa Ve and S. P. R. R. Co.?
Can you spare $5 per month?
Then invest In the City of Richmond. .
Official map mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.),
> 182 Crocker building. S. T.
SPLENDID Investment — Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut Into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st. S. F.
LOST^ANDFOUND^
LOST^OiPHoward st. between 4th and 5th,
a purse containing $70, savings of a work-
Ing, girl. Return to 823 Howard at and re-
ceive reward. I
LOST — Sunday afternoon, cocker spaniel bitch;
black, white spot on throat; collar with red
ribbon and bell; liberal reward. 1507 Scott.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel. Return to 1609
McAllister st. receive reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch. May 18, Berkeley
train or Oakland boat Notify box 1799, CalL.
LOST — Ring; three diamonds In raised diago-
nal setting; reward. Return to 80O Van Nesa.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, need9 old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned" and 'sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet 'cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
at.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter. 721 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL..
A— DR. O'DONNELfcr-world-renowned special-
1st. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstlnats
cases; free, confidential advice on all aubecta
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O*DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt. op. Bth.
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles"
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1GC8% Market st, opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th. a grad-
uate of Royal University. Berlin, has 25 yra.*
experience In midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement; best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rrn.
t board $5 week; all who are sick or In trouble
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBluelll.
MRsT~DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durine
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market St.. near SlxtnJ
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co., 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond .Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay Sc Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herba.
MINES AND MINING.
PARTY having under bond seven rich placer
claims and water rights In Trinity County
wlH give controlling Interest in the samo
for $5000. to perfect title. Particulars.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis st.
MISCELJLANEGUS— - FOR^ALK.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. li»5-197 Fremont st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pices, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; bis stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
DOMESTIC ¦ and . New Home Sewing ma-
chines: good order; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
near Fifteenth.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chinery. H.S. WHITE. 130 Beale at
SEALSKIN, highest grade, "same aa new, cost
$250. will sell If taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728. Call office.
GENUINE Chappuy violin for sale. Apply
Charles Nathan, merchant tailor. 100 Sutter.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
NEW. 6V4xS% Reversible Back Camera— new—
for $10. 109 Montgomery at.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale at
BOATS,' launches, rowboats carried In atock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison' phonographs, records, supplies, movies
picture .machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento at
FOR aecend-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D. J.McMaaters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ple-
tnre^. BULLARD fe BRECK. 131 Port St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
I "VAll pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
send postal; will call.-- Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.; tel. Je«ala 2331.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all alaes. any
- condition. FarnawortbElectricarwi£a..41STu*fc.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. !
, : — - ; — — — •
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
A country peddling outfit, complete; full par-
ticulars of route will be given by owner; also
pointers on buying; this is an elegant oppor-
tunity for any one with a 'small capital. • • •
Saloon in the wholesale district; no night or
Sunday work; will be sold on account of other
Interests. • ¦ • • Corner saloon on Leaven-
worth st • • • Old-established and pros-
perous wine "house; good store' and outside
trade; horses and wagon; owner retiring-; full
investigation solicited. • • • Bakeryv and
coffee saloon; north of Market Bt.; all store
trade; a ¦ bargain; cheap ' rent. • - • • Dry
goods and notion store on San Leandro road;
to be sold on account of departure; rent $10;
price $950 or Invoice. • ¦ • • Roadhouse and
hotel on San Mateo electric road; elegant op-
portunity for man an*>wlfe. • • • Partner
for a paying manufacturing business; one that
can look after book and cash account. • •
Grocery and bar on a corner In the Western
Addition; sure to give saUsf action. • V*
For particulars call on JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
WE HAVE MANY OTHERS NOT
ADVERTISED.
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
Any place In the city sold on payments.
80 rooms; clears $250; a snap "?'f 0^
12 rooms; elegant; Ellis st; reduced to 1.400
12 rooms; transient; clears $60; paymts 550
8 rooms; Geary at; a bargain , A 552
200 rooms; Just listed; investigate 10 -°^2
18 rooms; always fuU; clears $80. 650
20 rooms; clears $50; only 200
' 17 rms.; long lease; clears $100; payms 1.100
20 ROOMS; MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
BO rms.; rent $150: bargain; clears $500. . 4,250
15 rooms; housekeeping; clears $80...... 1,000
• A H. RETSLOFF, phone John 631,
'906 Market St., cor. Ellis, rooms 7-8.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS', for a few daya only.
11 rooms and saloon; rent $60 $.00
46 rooms; rent $170; good furnishings.. 5000
34 rooms; rent $85; good corner house.. 2600
22 rooms; rent $105; well furnished 1800
12 rooms; rent $30; mixed furniture 450
9 rooms; rent $40; good furniture 400
BARGAINS and many choice investments
in first-class lodging and boarding houses'at
all times. Bor.a fide buyers are welcome to
inspection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market Bt, bet. 6th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
WINSTON & WOLF,
• 1026 Market st
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED
157 rooms; new and modern; clears $450. $9500
125 rooms; modern bldg.: clears $325... 5500
»2 rooms; rent $150; corner; N. of Mkt. 3500
85 rooms; corner; rent $120; part cash.. 2600
38 rooms; rent $S5; a money maker 1800
20 rooms; rent $52; clears $78 month... 875
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton .st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to Eell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city. ,
Money loaned, 1% per cent
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses, all sizes ! and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
¦ 20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1V5 per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, "
S50 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davla 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. , .
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New bouses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
800 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms: rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $C5; price
$900; terms. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montg'y.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at- tremendous
sacrifice. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montg'y, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; sell on easy terms;
Investigate. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.
MARION GRDTFIN.
719 Market st (upstairs), near Call building;
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 458;
Big list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $6000; bar-
gains; snaps,' etc.: some very cheap and good;
only honest trade. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market st.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment houre call on' us: we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St.,, room 10 I
• GIhecow block).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE 16 rooms; best loca- I
tlon; cheap rent; clears $60 per month; value
in sight. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
$100 PUTS you in charge of a rooming-house
clearing $35 Der month. 320 Third st.
75 ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease. Box 892, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE of 11 rooms; nice little tran-
slent. 203 O'Farrell st, corner Pcv.-ell.
—^ —^ —^ — — w. m^ —^^^^
SPIRITUALISM.
EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA
BROCKWAY'S trumpet and slatewrlting
seance Monday night; see hands writing on
Elates; 50c ; engage your seats; phone Polk
2450. 1052 Ellis st.
BROCKWAY'S s'.ate -writing and test seance.
Sun., Wed. and Frl. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c; readings daily. 1052 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J^ WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medfeal clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 11C4 O'Farrell s^.; Ellis car.
Mrs. Hubbard, 109 Oak— Circle Tues. & Fri.,
j a p. m.; Wed., 2 p. m. ; 10c; readings daily.
I Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
j phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
! KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: lQc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE^
The Great Reader of Human Destiny.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS THE
FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST EVER IN SAN FRANCISCO.
EXTRAORDINARY clairvoyant power, com-
bined with his superior knowledge of occult
forces and the science of palmistry, enables
birr, to read human destiny with unerring ac-
curacy. He advises you whether or not you
wilt be successful in mining, business, specu-
lations, investments, lawsuits, love, marriage,
etc. He tells you why you have poor health,
poor luck, unhappy homes, broken engage-
ments; why you are a failure In business. In
love, marriage, employment, games of chance,
etc. By proper advice he reunites the separat-
ed, restores lost affections, how to marry, your
choice, makes you successful In your busi-
nees, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that suc-
cess is sure." He has assisted thousands to
health wealth and happiness who had given
up In despair. Why not you? Palmistry taught.
Mediumistic persons developed. 127 Ellis st.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17. Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— REMOVED! REMOVED!
Miss Wille. the celebrated crystal aeer. is lo-
cated at 514 Taylor St., bet Geary and Post
Special for 1 week only,
50c 50c 50c
Advice on business, love and all affairs of life.
Don't fail to take advantage of this opportunity.
A-ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;Iadles50c t
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true: send dime and birth. date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. p. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
st. cor. Gclden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
SPECIAL— $1 readings for 25c. this week only
to all presenting this ad. MADAME WALT-
MAN, 205 Turk st, ground floor, hours 10 to 8.
MADAM~MARCEAU, card ' reader and *cla!r~
voyant: ladies and gents 25c. 1601 Mission;
hours 10 a. ro. to 8 p. m. " .;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25o up. 5 Fourth st
PROF. MILES, clairvoyant; gives names, dates.
facts. 1010 Mlss'.on. nr. Sixth; hours 10 to 8.
MME. HANSEN. well-known clairvoyant, cards
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th,: r. 14.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader,, la. 25c;
gents COc. 951 Mission, near. 6th; open Bun.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium ;? truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c 704 Howard.
ifmttJm — lainiuinMi'iiii'i >i f\
WANTED— -MALE.
A GERMAN man and wife: good, workers;
best- refs. : Apply to. MRS NOTON,. Swedish
and German Employment Bureau,-. 313 Sutter.
A SWEDISH middle-aged man wants any
kind of work; refs. MRS NORTON, . 313
Sutter st, - - - . ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ : < .
SITUATION by capable Job printer of 30. con-
« trolling - some - trade, as foreman; sober, in-
dustrious, • reliable: can take' entire charge;
•wiU^" go anywhere., Address box 845. Call.
1 ¦¦ - ' : . - "' / v "' ¦
A— 5$0 I WILL give any one who will secure
• me ' a permanent . position . of not less than
$40 a month as clerk, packer or. any position,
wholesale house preferred; am good penman,
quick and accurate at figures; first-class ref-
erences. -- Box 893, -Call office.
ELDERLY- man likes the work to tend to
horses or cows and to make himself useful
about the place; cityor short distance in the
country; .references if reqlred. Address J.
LANZ, 278 Natoma ,st
SITUATION wanted with some large concern
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years
experience in the East; designing, building
and perfecting machinery; in or out of city.
R. M., box 828, Call office. - ;
WANTED — Steady Job on ranch by man and
wife; man to do general ranch work and
wife to cook for 4 or 5 men; good refer-
ences. Box 1000, Call. .
MAN and wife wish situations; "wife a flrat-
• class cook; man as. general man about a
place; understand care of horses. Box 1788,
¦ Call office. -. -.
YOUNG man, has served In Russian army as
barber surgeon, wishes position in doctor's
office; something new and more Income. Ap-
- ply at once, J. E. AHLMAN, box 1773, Call.
WANTED — A position in private family; un-
derstands gardening, horses and general
handy man about the place. Box 854, Call.
WANTED-^-A position as lunch man or to tend
bar; speaks English and German; city or
country. "Box 1790, Call. ¦ '
MAN, 23 years, educated and of neat appear-
ance, -v^nts work; formerly a sailor; hlgh-
est references. Address box 853, Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years, ¦ wants position In
' wholesale bouse or retail store. Box 1798,
Call office. ; . - •; ¦. :'¦¦
WANTED — Position by man and wife. to care
for small fruit ranch; Al references. Box
873, Call office. ¦ ': ' ¦ •*
YOUNG German with experience desires po-
- siyon In grocery store. *" C. P.. 201 Mont-
gomery ave. ' - , . • ' ,. ',
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establishedJat 1096 Va-
lencla st. • ¦
' FINANCIAL. _,„„,, '
COMPANIE^incolroraTeT^ndnnanced: U. S.
'- licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 6 per cent Income bond proptf-
j . 6itlon to guarantee stock Issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
. Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
• to come In on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Paciflo
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st. ; established 1S92.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapner for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT bay-window top flat; 6 rooms and
bath. 735 : Minna st, near Ninth.
MODERN flat of 3 rooms at 043 Sanchea st
MODERN, sunny, clean 5-room flat. 916 Capp
street '* ¦ •
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
yard; basement; reasonable to good tenant.
PIERCE. 2935 and 2937— $32 50 and $35; ele-
gant new 6-room flats, just completed.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern: large
: back yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
SUNNY middle 5-room flat and bath; rent rea-
sonable. . 2319 Jackson st, near Flllmore.
TO let — Flat, 4 rooms, bath, gas; $15. 131
San Carlos ave;. nr. 18th st. .
TWO nice sunny flats. 1112-14 Fell st, near
Scott. . . -'
2 FLATS of 3 rooms each ; rent cheap. ' 3
Hampton place," near Third and Folsom sts.
$35 — UPPER sunny corner flat 6 rooms and
bath. 218 Van Ness ave., • near Hayes.
A "WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
FLATS KUK SAI.K- — I- LU.MSUEU.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 5 rooms; sun-
ny: piano, gas range; rent reasonable; phone
Fell 1371. 814 Scott st., between McAllister
and Fulton. . . . ......
GOLDEN GATE. 1517—4 rms. ; bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower flat 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4. t
VUKMTl'UU KOll SAL1S.
THE new and up-to-date furniture a"n"d carpets
of an 8-room modern sunny flat near Van
Ness ave.. on Eddy st. Box 994, Call.
BUSH, 2718 — For sale; completely furnished
¦ flat of 7 rooms, piano; everything almost
new; sunny side; rent $32 50. Call 5 to 8.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room modern flat for sale;
reasonable. Call 11 to 1 ; 938 Geary st.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, ' bath, basement; furniture
and carpets for sale cheap. 842 Capp at.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission* st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
• gloves. ._'_"-....;.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others;. warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTRriiANSEN &~CO . . ...... . .T~429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, springs, fare paid, party here
- . . $25
2 more waitresses, Arizona, fare paid.. ..$25
2 waitresses, 1- chambermaid, >\ chambermaid
, to wait, «i>v for same commercial hotel,
fare paid*; . . ; V. : $20
2 waitresses,, country" hotel, short distance
'. $25
Waitress, " restaurant (no " Sunday work)
.-. -. $7 week
Lunch waitress. • same jplace . . .$3 50 week
Waitress, summer resort, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, hotel, Santa" Cruz Mountains. . .$20
Chambermaid, country hotel ; $20
Cook and helper, city boarding-house
.....; $35 month and $4 week
Waitress, summer, resort, short distance. .$20
Woman, general work, hotel (country), faro
paid $25
Man and wife, for laundry work, summer re-
sort, fare paid. . .- ." -$50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
\Ranch cook, fare paid, $25; waitress, private
jfamlly, country, see party here, $30; house-
girl, ¦ milk ranch, city, $20; woman with a
child, country; '30 housegirls. city and coun-
/•try, $10-$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429
' Bush St.- '-. . ¦ .-
A COOK and second girl to assist with chllt
dren. C.'R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st.
MRS. M. E. DAY... . Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
6 waitresses, first-class springs, $25, fare one
way; 5 waitresses, springs, Sonoma and Lake
: counties, $20, fares both ways; 4 waitresses,
mountain resort, $25, fare one way; 3 wait-
resses, resort, near City, $25; 12 .waitresses,
commercial and city hotels, $25; $20; wait-
ress, bakery, $30; 2 chambermaids, $17 50,
a $20; arm waitress, Nevada, $25, fare paid.:.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, second girls, housegirls, all nationali-
ties, for city and country; highest wages...
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st
NEAT young saleslady for candy store; no ex-
perience necessary; $7 week to begin....'. ...
MRS. M. E. DAY.......... 335 Geary st
2 WAITRESSES," new restaurant, $6; 8 hours
a day; no Sunday work. MRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary Bt. ' : '
A— LAUNDRESS, $30; waitress, $30; cook and
second girl, $30 and $25; ranch cook, $25;
housegirls, $30; second girl, 2 in family $25;
I boarding-house ,cook, • $35; -waitress, '. hotel,
$25 ;j housekeeper,; $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter Bt. -
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY _TO LEARN
HOW /TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
: ST.; MR. DAVIS. ; .-'•'¦¦ '
PANTS flaisbera; 75o a pair; steady, work.
858 Howard st, bet." 4th and 5th, over hand-
. ball court. ¦'-,- ¦/•-¦- •....'
YOUNG, girl for general housework In Ameri-
' can family; wages $25. Inquire . after 9 a.
' m.; at 712 Cole st. T -;¦ , ,-' - '_', -^..'J-
WANTED — Girl to assist In light -housework.
• 1410% Geary st . " '.-"¦-'..• ¦¦,--
WANTED — Girl to assist in general housework.
:¦¦ 1724 Buchanan st. /.v ,, ,, ,_i " - ,. : .
OPERATORS' and- finishers on " gents' • custom
and stock Bhlrts.'ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia."
HKLP ' T^AJiiTED— FEMALE— Con. J
WANTED^ — Good cook;, must understand Ger-
man or French cooking; no other work; 2 In
family; wages $35; references. Address P.
- O. box 45, San Rafael.. ¦ . . " -^' f .~
GIRLS ABOUT 18 YEARS ! OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
- LKVI : STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST. ; .' MR. DAVIS."
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1222
Golden Gate ave. ¦
WANTED — Several salesladies for Mission dry
- goods - store. Box 881, Call office.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
• Chutes 6 p. m.- Wednesday; salary.no object
WANTED-^-Good finisher on coats. 364%
Third st/ " ,
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. 1368
-. Geary st. • ¦ - - \
"WANTED — A ¦ woman to cook for men. Ap-
ply:at 2030 Seventeenth st. . . ."
WANTED — Good restaurant waltresa at- T
' Taylor ¦ st. ; . wages. - $7 - a week. ;
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on
sick lady. 675 Bush st, room 9.
GIRL for general housework and cooking
2211 Buchanan st. , " : " •
YOUNG girl about 16 to asslt at chamber
work; sleep home. 793 Mission st
WANTED — Girl for cooking, and light house-
work;, references. 1227 Geary, near Gough.
WANTED— Housekeeper for small family. Ad-
'. dress box 7, Sunol Glen, Cal. -
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hairdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; brinr ad; costs only $3 50; S posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
'to $75 per month; day and evening class; be-
,ware of imitations; ours first and only college
of the kind . on Pacific Coast College. 233
Geary St., rooms 13-15. .
Hairdresslng, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
..dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on vests,
and finishers on pants. BELASCO £ HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS and learners on muslin under-
wear; paid while learning. G. W.; REY-
NOLDS. 597 Mission st. corner Second.
WANTED — A competent, strong and clean Ger-
¦¦> man girl for general housework In a small
' family; wages $25. Address box 900, Call.
WANTED— Respectable young girl to assist In
light housework, 5 rooms; live home. Apply
1463 Clay st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; small
family; no washing or children. 816 East
Nineteenth st, Oakland. x
REFINED and educated woman of good ap-
pearance; must be past 30 and competent
Box 1789, Call office.
FEW more operators on muslin underwear;
steady. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome.
EXPERIENCED ' Inside and outside hands on
children's dresses. 220 Sutter st.,- room 25.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay. 656
Mission St., third floor. -
OPERATORS to work In factory. 656 Mission
st, third floor. ,
OPERATORS on' ladies' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion st, third floor.
WOMAN who understands cutting of children's
• wear. 656 Mission st, third floor.
GIRLS wanted; factory hands; sewing and
making bags. GULF BAG CO., 709 Front st
WANTED — Girl to do German cooking; refer-
ences. 2C00 Gough st
GIRL for candy store. Address box £94. Call
office. ¦•¦-'• \
PANTS ".. finisher; steady- work: good pay.
ROYAL PANTS CO.. 223 Kearny st. f
[GIRLS to sew on buttons. San Francisco
Mfg. Co., 023 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced, shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP "WANTED MALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Ship to-day.... Ship to-day
. Ship to-day Ship to-day
.......... FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
Free fare. Free fare
Ship to-day
. 500 teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
500 laborers $2 and $2 25 a day.
' 500 rockmen. $2 25 a daV
500 'concrete men $2 25 a day
(i blacksmiths $3 a day
4 carpenters $3 a day
Steam shovel foreman
...;.. ¦: Ship to-day
Free fare.......... .Free fare
. ." . .FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmcn, drillers, muckers and outside
laborers $1 75 to $3 a day
Ship to-night
Free fare Free fare
20 carpenters, city and country, $2 50 and
board, $3 and $3 50 a day; 10 miners. $2 75;
20 muckers for mines, $2 50 a day; powder
man, $2 50 a day; 6 blacksmiths, $40 to $50
and found; 20 farmers and milkers, $26 to
$35 and found; 10 stablemen and choremen,
$25 to $30 and found; 2 well borers, $2 50 a
day; .20 laborers, near city. $2 a day. ¦
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .„
Second cook, .$50; third cook, $35, for R. R.
eating-house, Arizona, free fare; second
cooks, broilers and fryers, $40 to $70; 20
kitchen hands, dishwashers and others, $20
to $30; 2 butchers, country shop, $30; barber,
hotel, country. $30 and found. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 429 Bush st
AN errand boy for our office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...... .429 Bush St.
AT THE CAL. . EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 3rd st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405
i Teams... Teamsters and laborers for railroad
Office fee SI
'.. All points in Nevada and Utah......
Salt Lake Division .....T
Free fare Free fare
300 teamsters ..$2 25 and $2 50 per day
200 laborers $2 25 per day
250 rockmen $2 25 per day
" 150 concrete men $2 25 per day
3 Free fare Office fee $1 No other expense
Men for Sawmill and Lumber Woods....
, 2 head setters .."..$3 per day
1 edgerman $3 per day
10 lumber pliers ...$39 per month and board
2 grader3, sugar pine ...$2 50 per day
4 woodsmen ....$40 per month and board
6 swampers ...j. ..$35 per month and board
10 men to grade' on skid road.. $35 mo. & bd
.SAWMILL, HUMBOLDT COUNTY.....
5 lumber pliers... $35 to $10 per mo. & board
6 men to load shingle bolts.. $40 mo. & board
5 woodsmen... $40 to $60 per month and board
CARPENTERS FOR COUNTRY......
3 carpenters .$3 25 per day
2 carpenters ..........I ..$3per day
5 carpenter helpers $2 per day
Long Job; steady work; 4 or 5 months
5 ranch hands and haymakers..$l 25 day & bd
20 fruit pickers $1 per day and board
10 fruit pickers
, • $ 1 - 5< ? Per day and. board themselves
¦> 5 milkers $30 per month.
Camp cook for 6 men, $25; 2 waiters for camp,
$20 . per < month ; 0 quarrymen. $2 per day; 2
teamsters,, $2 per day; 5 laborers for city,
/ $2 per day; 5 teamsjers for city, $1 25 per
1 day and board : .-. . . . ... .'. :
CAL. EMP. AGENCY.. :...... 50 Third st
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638 Clay.
; ' Phone, Main 1191.
300 teamsters, . concrete men and rock men,
' steam shovel dumpers, $2 25 to $2 50 per day.
' ¦ Free Fare
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake divls^
ion; ship direct: fee $1.'.'...' ......Tr^
150 railroad men, S. P. Co. and Santa Fe:
. free fare . . . f. ". .-.
1 band sawj-er and 1 bench hand...'. $3 DO
20 boys to learn trades
5 carbuilders. : ; .$3 ,j a y
4 cabinet-makers.. $3 d a y
~ 3. shoemakers, country .' $2 day
25 tanbark peelers, top wages. ..'.
4 solicitors and collectors, city
4 men, vineyard work ' $30 and foun*
• Chief cook. German i steamer, for Europe. . . .
Many other positions. . Inspect our bulletins.
FLOUR miller for country. | $60; engineer for
. mine, $3 day; S carpenters for country. $3 50
- day; ¦ 3 carpenters, city^ $3 50 day; 2 shoe-
makers, $2 day; blacksmith for country, $50
and beard: blacksmiths' helpers. $1 25 and
board and $2 day: head donkey man, $3 day;
Kpooltenders,- $2 50 ¦ day; 3. lumber sorters,
$2 50 day: edgerman, $3 day; carriage wood-
worker, -$.T .to $3 50 1 day; carriage painter.
$2 50 to $3 50 day; hdrness-maker and other
, mechanics.. J.. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
•• . Sacramento st. ' , • . ' '-. ¦""...
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton st >-.'Y
Pantry .man, '?30; dishwasher, $25 to $30*
second cook. $60; fancy ironer. $40; all for
first-class springs; waiter, boys' collage. $20;
porter for institution. $20; potwaBher, $30;
man and ".wife to ' take ¦ charge ¦ of vineyard
: $40 ;• three " steady, farm Sonoma Co ,
$25 and' $1 a: day, ; etc. • ' i.-;- ¦'
.WANTED— Steady, trustworthy man to I take '
• full charge of- cigar store; • splendid oppor-
tunity to suitable party; $125 required. Ap-
ply.P.S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny st st.
WANTED— ToHlay, steady, sober man for light
' indoor. business:. must have $200 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around.
For ¦ particulars see STRAND. 1007% Market.
ERRAND boy, $2 50 per week and board. . Ap-
: pljfebetween 9 and 10 a." m.-to F. GOODBAN
. 1117 Van. Ness ave., near Post st. - • .¦<.-- j
WANTED— Strong boy In confectionery." : 1503
Geary st.
MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
U34-U3U Clay st ;•
* Office Open 7 a. m
.................. Monday
. .......... 3500 RAILROAD MEN
...; SHIP FREE DAILY
WE SHIP TO-DAY TO •••••••.•••
Elko, Moleen. Nevada. Salt Lake Division,
Heron, Iron Point Vista. Wadsworth,
Rokeby, Deeth. Nevada State •••••
250 teamsters, free $2 25 to $2 50
160 rockmen, Nevada $2 25 to $2 50
760 laborers, free $2 to $2 25 day
240 concrete laborers. Nevada $2 25 day
75 car dumpers, free <2 ¦« day
60 men to work onsteam shovel job. Nevada.
Carpenters' helpers. Nevada; mason helpers.
SHIP TO-DAY. FREE
......SANTA FE R. R. CO.'S WORK......
' 35 laborers, ballast gangs, track gangs, etc,
etc., free fare <. ••
..... MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Assistant engineer, one that understands con-
densers, good references. $50 and found; 3
more carpenters to build scows, boats, etc,
see boss here, free fare, $82 50 and found; 6
carpenters, city, $4; 6 carpenters, city, $3 to
$3 50; 3 carpenters, mine company, $3 day..
BLACKSMITHS -•
Blacksmith, sawmill company. $50 and found,
blacksmith. Santa Clara County. $52 and
round; blacksmith. Merced County. $3 day;
blacksmith, Solano County. $3 day; 6 black-
smiths; 2 shoemakers; 2 crane men. railroad
work,. $90: 4 blacksmith helpers, $30. $¦«) and
$45 and found: brick burners, $75, aee boss
here; 3 brick molders, $75; 3 brlcksetters; 3
carriage painters .........
FARE PAID
TO THE SAWMILLS
....TO THE WOODS
...TO THE LUMBER YARDS
15 woodsmen, see boss here, fare paid, $30
to $40 and found; 10 road builders for woods,
fare $2, $30 and found; 35 laborers, mill*,
yards and woods, no experience required, ?•sw
to $75 and found, fare paid; 8 laborers for
mills, Humboldt County, $40 and found; 6
laborers, northern sawmill, $-15; 15 laborers;
large lumber company; see boss here, $J5
and found, no experience required to work
around sawmills; 3 lumber graders, $75, see
boss here; blacksmith, lumber company, see
boss here, $50 and found; shingle packer. $35;
gang edgerman; foreman logger, Mendocino
' County :.....
EUREKA ••••
GOLD TO THE MINES. ".??.. SILVER
6 miners, single hand, quartz .mine, $82 50;
3 miners, shaft work, $G0 and found; 4
miners, $75; 3 machine miners; 13 laborers,
surface work, $30; 10 muckers, $75; 6 muck-
ers, good mine, $55 and found; 25 laborers,
different mines, $40 and found to $60; 30
drillers. $60; furnace man, quicksilver mine.
FARMS '
HAYMAKERS HARVEST FIELDS
. FRUIT PICKERS, ETC.
10 men to run mowers. $40. $50; haymakers.
$32 50<b $40 and found; 6 hay balers
75 farm hands for steady jobs
$30 to $40 and found
10 fruit pickers ...$30 and found
¦ 15 men and boys to cut and pack asparagus.
no experience required $30 and found
For a large corporation's ranch we want 10
men to make themselves useful In fruit and
vineyard... .:..$26 and found
Dairyman for Institution, -Catholic
$30 and found
35 milkers, $25, $30. $35, $40 and found, fare
paid . .. -....'.' -
3 butter-makers; 3 cheesemakers; 15 chore-
men; 16 choreboys, $10 to $35* and found....
LABORERS
CITY FACTORIES. ETC COUNTRY
4 laborers, city, board home; 3 laborers,
tannery, city, $2 day; 3 laborers, city fac-
tory, $1 50 day; 50 laborers, city work. $2
day; 5 laborers, $42 and found; 6 laborers,
city, $32 and found; 10 laborers, 12 miles
from S. F., $60, free fare; 12 laborers for
factory, fare $1 25, $2 day; 125 laborers for-
quarry work. $60 to $67 50
MISCELLANEOUS *
3 farmers and wives; 3 stablemen, country,
$35 and found; 2 gardeners; nurseryman; 16
boys to learn trade; 4 boys to deliver circu-
lars
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
COOKS..WAITERS.. KITCHEN HELP, ETC.
Camp cook, city, $35; 10 cooks, other Jobs,
city and country, $40 to $50 and found; :j
ranch cooks; 10 waiters, hotels and restau-
rants: camp waiter, mine, $30 and found;
"waiter, camp, city; kitchen hand, camp,
city. $25 and found; 3 bakers' helpers; cake
baker, country; boy for- bakery, $20 and
found
Other positions,- too many to advertise; come
and read our billboards :....
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
$130 — STEADY man for partner in lunch and
coffee parlor, to tend cash and make himself
useful; present owner does cooking. Call at
257 Fourth st.
WANTED — Restaurant butcher, cooks, waiters
and kitchen help; no fee. Apply 526 Mont-
gomery st. room 1.
WANTED — Two young men with. $60 each;
fair , wages; money secured. Call room
37. 220 Third st. . . ¦-
GOOD bootblack; good wages. San Francisco
Shaving Parlors, 947 Flllmore st, corner
McAllister. < .
: WANTED— Honest man with $125 to take
cash and assist irt restaurant; $40 month and
found; n6 experience. BROWN. 1221 Market.
$50 — MAN take interest, collect In light manu-
facturing business; $20 per week. 737 How-
I ard st. room C4.
FINISHER for coat, vest and pants; also but-
ton holes. 12S2 Folsom st.
WANTED — An all around cook for a small
restaurant. 2229 Powell st ~~ .
BOOTBLACK wanted at 6 Stockton Bt, barber
shop. ¦"¦¦•.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 215 O'Farrell st
"WANTED— Strong boy to learn cake and pas-
try baking. 721 Polk st. ' ¦
WANTED— Bell boy. 29 Stockton it,'". "
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 750
Howard st.
BARBER wanted, $18 a week. 6 Market st
city.
SMALL errand boy. Call after 10 a. m., 354
Geary st. - . ...
DISHWASHER wanted; $15 and found; Geary-
st. cars. 1224 Point Lobos ave. >
BOYS wanted — 14 to 21 years old. Apply at
607 Market St..
PORTER for barber shop. $10 a week. 6 Mar-
ket &t.
2-CHAIR barber shop and bedroom 'set- bar-
galn; owner leaving city. 1119 Folsom st
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash: light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month- 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st
WANTED — Boy in wholesale house to work
about store, sweep out errands," etc. Apply
at 214 Battery st, MAIN & WINCHESTER.
WANTED— Young man to do janitor work;
also bright young- man for stock clerk. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class accountant; state aga"
experience and salary expected. Address box
002. Call office.
WANTED— Boy for office work; state age and
reference. Address N. A., box 891, Call.
BUSHELMEN. and pressers; steady position.
Cal. Clothing Renovatory.' 287 O'Farrell at
WANTED — Good bushelman; steady place and
good wages. 308 Bush st
BOY wanted. Apply after 12 o'clock, FAH-
LEIN'S MUllnery. 873 Market st. .
WANTED — Experienced domestic and drapery
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a ml
at. HALE BROS. . •":
WANTED— Delivery wagon boys. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. \
WANTED — Amateur musicians to Join a mili-
tary Reed band; also for string orchestra.
328 Bush st. third floor, room 4. "-"=»<•"-
BOY about 18, gentlemanly, for wholesale-
house. C. V. ROWE. 18 Montgomery t.1.
WANTED— Shirt polishers. Oakland Laundry
Co.. COO Twenty-ninth st, Oakland. .
EEST proposition; ex-Industrial. Insurance and
other good agents; weekly salary; Al terri-
tory. Pacific Mutual (Intermediate). , 24 N
Second st. San Jose.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. V
S. navyrablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 0 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
JSr-L 11 "'.! 11 * 0 ™ 1 *" 011 a PP' y *t the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
W^ NT ? D T I ?J5 ore « an< L mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
aajg B &5 <i g£ y ff OLER ' s . barber c °v
2-CHAIR .barber shop for. sale In San Jose.
Inquire of STOLTZ, . 723 Market st S F.
or 140 Powell at:. : . ""
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st. .
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
Brannan it' -r ,.-""¦*.
WAK C rED ~~ Boy of 18 or 1T y«ars. residing
with parents. "Box 1745. Call office.
WANTED— Young men to learn barber trade.
¦ S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Trice. 563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d ats.
GET your * nhoe3 half-soled while waiting; '25o
to COc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
.2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
. sale cheap. McDONALD &. PERRY. 241 3d.
PENSION atty.; E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
500 MEN to buy I new and 2d-hand army shoes.
¦ 00c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st, nr. Bth.a20th Meridian— Pacifle Time.) I
; SAN FRANCISCO, May 18— 5 p. m. .
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Weather Report.
Fresno 66 Los Angeles...-. 74
Mount Tamalpals. . ..48 Sacramento 64
Red Bluff. „,.¦ ..64 San Luis Obispo 66
Independence .......56 San Diego j 64
San Francisco data:- Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean, 55. : .
THE COAST RECORD.
J. M.McCann. 119 Grove street/reported
to the police yesterday that a burglar had
entered his residence Saturday afternoon
between 2 and 4 o'clock and stcTlen a lady's
gold watch, diamond- breast pin, gold
charms, link chains and bracelets with
locks. A lady who lives in the upper flat
saw a small man wearing a light gray
suit and Fedora hat, running/ out of the
alleyway about 4 o'clock.. Entrance was
effected by prying open a rear window
with a ."jimmy." .. /
House Entered by a Burglar.
William Wilson, who is suspected of be
ing.an Eastern pickpocket, was arrested
at the Chutes Friday night by Detective
Hamlll. Two other men who were with
him "dashed into thecrowd and made their
escape. A man who had a diamond pin
stolen from him called at the City Prison
yesterday, but failed to identify Wilson
as the man who stole It. Wilson was
shown to the watches at the Central and
Southern police stations yesterday and
will be set at liberty on his promise to
leave the city. „ When searched $150 was
found In his pockets. '
Eastern Pickpocket Arrested.
Elizabeth Hancock (owner) with Bertram
Bros, (contractors), architect A. W. Marquis — •
Plumbing, sewering, etc.; for a" four-story
frame building on lot on N line of Eddy street,
37:6 E of Larkin. E 50 by N 87:6; $4300.
Martha Schwartz (owner) with J. R. Mac 7
Gregor " (contractor), architect O. H. Dodge —
All work for a two-story frame building (two
flats) on lot on W line of Cherry street, 70 N
of Clay. N 30 by W 100: $4058.
Mrs. H. Lamb (owner) • with George Heal
ing <contractor), architects Meyer & O'Brien — J
All work' except parlor and chamber mantels
for a two-story frame residence on lot on N
line of Page street, 207:8 W of Webster, W 25
by N 137:6: $4517. \.
Chris R* and Marie J>Gagan (owners) with
Charles M. Lindsay (contractor), architects
Meyer & O'Brien — All work for a twoistory,
basement and attic frame residence on /lot on
S line of Greenwich street, 135:6 E of Larkin,
E 25:4% by S 137 :C; $6150.—"*^
Jacob L«vin (owner) with J. Pattinson (con
tractor), " architect Philip Schwerdt — All work
except patetlng, electric work/ mantels, tiling
and gas fixtures for alterations and additions
to a two-story frame building (into two flats)
on lot On S line of Eddy street, 200 W of
Laguna, —.25. S 137:6, E 25, N 137:6. W A
227; ?2230. • ¦
G. Perasso (owner) with H. F. Hind (con
tractor), architect W. G. Hind— All work (con
tractor to furnish all material for concrete and
cement work and owner to furnish all lumber,
mill work and. other material) for" a three
story, basement and attic fram? building
(three fiats) on lot on N line of McAllister
street. 174:0 W of Stelner. W 27 by N 137:6,
W A 381: $2740.
Michael Freel (owner) with, Adam J.
Kraemer & Co. (contractors), plans by owner —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building on lot oh W line of Mississippi street,
100 S of Eighteenth: $3OG5.' ;
Builders' Contracts.
Southern California — Generally . cloudy Mon
day, probably with showers; brisk west to
northwest wind. I
¦ Nevada — Cloudy Monday, probably with rain;
bripk to high northwest wind. - - "
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
Monday, somewhat threatening: brisk to high
west to northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
. Local Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen In all districts.
The temperature has fallen from 8 to 28 de-»
(frees. over the plateau region.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight,- May 19, 1902: >
Northern California — Generally cloudy and
threatening, with rain on the northwest coast
and In southeastern portion; brisk to high
northwest wind.
High west and northwest winds have pre
vailed over the country west of the Rocky
['"Mountains.
Fair weather prevails over Northern Califor
nia, but elsewhere on the Pacific slope cloudy
and . generally threatening weather prevails.
Light rain has fallen over Washington, Oregon.
Idaho, Montana, -Nevada, Southern Utah and
Arizona. Light snow fell In Northern Arizona
last night and is now falling In Southern Utah.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. . FORECAST. ' : .
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 19, 1902.
9
BTATIONS.
I;
A
• Sg 33 5ft
83 Ib : S ¦
3 3 :
- ¦ w '
r
¦ ?
o
I
S"
o
Astoria .V 30.00*54 46 NW Cloudy - .58
Baker 20.68 48 34 NW Cloudy .00
Carson ....... 29, T2 .42 , 32 N Cloudy T.
Eureka .. 48 ....
Fresno 29.66 66-50 W Clear .00
Flagstaff ' ....2».28 44 84 NW Cloudy .42
Pocatello, Ida.29.B0 48 32 SW Pt.Cldy .48
Independence .29.64 74 44 N > " Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. -.29.54 74 ,48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.32 78 B6 SW Cloudy T.
Portland 29,96 64 42 NW Cloudy .02
Red Blurt... ..29.84 64 58 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg ....30.06.52 42 W Rain .36
Sacramento ..29.72 64 56 NW 3 Clear • .00
Belt Lake 29.48 48 40 N Cloudy .02
San Franclsco.29.84 60 50 W Clear .CO
S. L. Oblspo..29.78 66 44 W Clear •• .00
San Dleso....29.fi6 64 60 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.00 58 42 N Clear .00
Spokane ......29.64 B2 40 W , Cloudy .06
Nearh Bay. . ..29.00 ¦ 54 49 SW- Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 70 68 40 SW Cloudy .CO
Wlnnemucca .29.(58 44 32 W Cloudy T.
Yuraa 29.36 84 62 W Clear .00
BTATIONS.
I;
A
• Sg 33 5ft
83 Ib : S ¦
3 3 :
- ¦ w '
r
¦ ?
o
I
S"
o
Astoria .V 30.00*54 46 NW Cloudy - .58
Baker 20.68 48 34 NW Cloudy .00
Carson ....... 29, T2 .42 , 32 N Cloudy T.
Eureka .. 48 ....
Fresno 29.66 66-50 W Clear .00
Flagstaff ' ....2».28 44 84 NW Cloudy .42
Pocatello, Ida.29.B0 48 32 SW Pt.Cldy .48
Independence .29.64 74 44 N > " Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. -.29.54 74 ,48 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.32 78 B6 SW Cloudy T.
Portland 29,96 64 42 NW Cloudy .02
Red Blurt... ..29.84 64 58 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg ....30.06.52 42 W Rain .36
Sacramento ..29.72 64 56 NW 3 Clear • .00
Belt Lake 29.48 48 40 N Cloudy .02
San Franclsco.29.84 60 50 W Clear .CO
S. L. Oblspo..29.78 66 44 W Clear •• .00
San Dleso....29.fi6 64 60 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.00 58 42 N Clear .00
Spokane ......29.64 B2 40 W , Cloudy .06
Nearh Bay. . ..29.00 ¦ 54 49 SW- Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 70 68 40 SW Cloudy .CO
Wlnnemucca .29.(58 44 32 W Cloudy T.
Yuraa 29.36 84 62 W Clear .00
CTFriends are resDectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Monday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at St. 'Mary's Church, cor-
ner California and Dupont 1 streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSS— On Angel Island, May 18, ' 1902, 1 Mary
Ann Ross, beloved wife of . Cantaln John
Roes; and sister of James Rowike and Mrs.
C. A. Bayly, a native of Chelsea, Mass.,
aged 52 years.
UMFRID— In- this city, May 18, 1002, Ella
Umfrld, • dearly beloved wife of William
Umfrld, and beloved mother of Helen and
¦ Emily- Umfrld,' and daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Louis Brunig, -and sister of Louis Jr.,
.Charles, Robert- and Maximilian Brunitr and
Mrs. Julius Schenkel Jr., a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years and 11 months.
and Caroline Persaon. and brother of Sieg-
fried, Go^bard and Herrman Persson, . a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged S years 4 months
and 22 days. .- . . ./
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'. fully invited to attend ¦ the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 349 Alvarado street, between
Sanchez and Noe, Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third. • Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PISTOLESI— In ... this city,' May 17, 1902,
Charles V;, beloved, son of August and
Christina Pistoles!, and. brother of Augusta,
Isabelle, Camillo and Octavlus Plstolesl, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
6 months. . ¦ ¦¦¦>*.'. ; ' . ' ¦
OCEAN TBAVEI*
To Valparaiso, stopping at' Mexican, Centrat
and South American ports. Sailing from How*'
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA .... .June 7ITUCAPEL . . ...July 12
COLOMBIA . . .June 27IQUATEMALA .July — •
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
Change at Acapuico or Panama.) , Freight and
passenger office, 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR, GUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. "Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cla Sue! Americana ds Vaporss
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due tn arrive at
SsAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
i.KAT^ — FttOM APBII. 20. lOOST — 1MIT1
7.00a Benlcta, Sutsun. Klmlra and bacra-
mcut > 6-65?
7.00a Vscaville, "Winter*. Ramsey 7.551"
7.30-*. Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Callstosa, Ssnta Rosa 6-25? '
8.00a Davia. Woodland. KnlgliU Landing.
' MarysTille. Orovllle 7.55p
8.00a. Atlantic Expreav-Ogden and Ea*t. 8.25a -
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop. Stockton 7.2Si>
8-OOa Nlles. Mendota, ilanfurcl, Vlsalia,
Porterrille 455r
8.30a Shasta Ex press— Davis, "William*
(for B»rtlett Springs), "Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55* '
830a San Jose. Ltvcrmure, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placcrvllld.
Marysville. Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25r
8.30a Oft!cdaIe,Cblnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25r
9.C0a Vallejo- :. 12.25? j
8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
' Kaymoud.FresQOsnrf Los Angeles 8.25a
9.30a VaUeJo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55*
tIO.OOa Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. T12.55?
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omnhs. Chicago. 6-25r
1i -00> Sacramento River Steamer* ti 1 .00?
3-OQp Bentcta. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, JCnights Lauding.
Marysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
3 JO? Hayward, "Niles and Way Stations.. 755?
4 -OOp Martinez,SanKamnn,Vallejo,Nsp«,
\ CalU toga. Santa Rosa 9.25-4
. 4-OOp Nlles, Livermore, Stockton. Lodl.. 12.25?
4-30p Hayward.NHes.SanJuse.Llvermore t3 55*
4-30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
.Bakersfleld, Saagns for Santa »
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5- OOp PortCost«,Tracy,Luthrop,Stockton 10-25a
6-OOp Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t5.30p XHea Local.... 725a
G-COp Hcvward, Xllcs and San Jose 7.65a
tS.OOP -Vallejo _ 11.25a
6. OOp Oriental Mail — Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25?
7.00? San Pablo. Port Costa, .Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00? Vallejo 766?
8 05p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
. ramento, MarysvlUe, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
19.1 Or Hayward and Xlles.... til. 65 a
COAST LINE ( >«rrow 6«ng«).
(Foot of Mnrlcot Street.)
• 17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion tS.05?
8.15a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5.50?
t2-15? Xewark' Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Felton, Boalder
CreeS. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
4-15? Newark, San Jose. Los Gato* t8.50a
64.15P San Jo«e. LosGato*. Saata Cruz... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— ti:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 P.M.
From OAJiLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 J3:09
t3:05 13:00a.m. 12 00 200 400r.it.
COAST LINE (Broad tlauxe).
(Third amt Townscnd Streets.)
6.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations 8.40a
t7 00a San Jose and Way Stations tS.OOA
7.00a NewAlTiaden . /4.10?
:7.15a Monterey Excursion :8.30p
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gi'.roy. Salinas, San LuU Obtspo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45?
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Saata Cruz,
Pacific (fravc. Salinas. San Lais
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.1C?
10.30a San Jose sad Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a !
a1.30? San Jose and Way Stations <x7-0Q?
t245? San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
Plnps, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Paclflc
Grove »... t10.45A
3.30P Ban Jose, Del Monte. Pacifle Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way "Stations.... 7.33?
t4-13p' Ban Jose and PrtnclpalWay Stations 6.30?
15.00P San Jos«. Los Gatos and Principal
"Way Stations ..; t9-00A .
5-30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6.30? .
6.3QP Sun Jose and Way Stations 7.30?
7.00? New Orleans Express — San Lois
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deming. El Paso, New
Orleans and East 1030a
«»1 1 -45p San Joae and Way Stations '
A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
t S unday exceptcd. t Sunday only,
o Saturday only. e Monday only,
ft Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
CUifPUHA KORTBWESTERN RY. CD
LESSEES
SAN FR/NC1SG0 -AHJ NG3T1 PACirlJ ,
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .Murtet St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIi.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :o0 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1 :SO- and . 11 :30 p m. -- — --.---* *i
SUNDAYS— 8:CO 9':30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco) May 4. 1802. ISan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I days. | tion. ( days. [ Days. ¦
T:3Ca 8:00a ' Ignaclo * 9:10 a! 8:40 a
3:30 p 0:30 a and 10:4ft a!10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 pi 6:20 p
7:35 pi
7:30 a 8:00 al Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p ft:30 a| and f.:03 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p| Santa Kpsa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton ¦
7:30 a -Windsor 10:20 »
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyserville
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale_ 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! llopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p[i Ukiah | 7:35 p| 6}20p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guernevllle I 7:33p|10:20a
3:30p|S:Q0p| |10:40 aj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p{ Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a I 8:00 al Sebastopot 110:40 a 1 10 -.20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p] 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa "Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
FuHon tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Sprtngrs: at Geyserville for Skagjrs Springs; at
CIo\erdale for the Geysers and Booneville: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprinsa.
Kelstyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'«
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche.
Cansp Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg. "Westport. Usal: at Wlltlts for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Cnrontcla
building. " \
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sanaallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27. 1902. J-
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «7:45. 3:45. 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. «1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. »6:15,
6:45, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not '
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:00, •10:00. 11:00,
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. »l:30, 2:30, »3:45, 5:00. 6:00
7:30, 9:45. 11:45 p. m.
¦ Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15. »9:3O.
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15, *3:30, 4:40, 5:30, «:4?
10:15 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— €:C0, »S:00. 0:30. .*ll:0O a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, 4:15. «5:45 6:43
7:30. 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. fl:40. 7:45, 8:25. 9:45.
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 6:10, 5:20. 7:10.
10:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.,
1?:15, 1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 5;00. «:05, 7:15. 10:4O
P " "S THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. \
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations. >
8:00 . a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
- 10:C0 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. . " .
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. ¦
— •- TIIEnOFTIUiriS- 5 . : 50r
.!...„.. 2:30r. OpwHt^Twrouni. [g;15 F
S1TUR2UTS ttLT-i*»T> tn«» wo ». urw. a» r~ri«> um w.
TWk« oac-. tn umi tnin ud savsauto naax.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yeai
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
— OF —
150 Head of BROKE HORSES,
Suitable for Milk Wagons, Ex-
press, Bakery and General
AH Purposes. Matched Spans
' weighing from 950 to 1200.
This lot of horses Is the FINAL of the GER-
MAN GOVERNMENT- horses and MUST BE
SOLD, so as to be able to close the business.
To be sold on THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
May 22 and 23, 100% at 11 a. m. at salesyard,
1732 Market street, corner Van Ness avenua
W. H. HORD.
- Livestock Auctioneer.'
MUST BE SOLD
AUCTIONSALE
of 5h*
FORTY HEAD OF BROKE HORSES, weigh-
ing irom 1300 to 1600. suitable for transfer, ex-
press, vegetable wagons and trucks: also W
head of unbroken horses weighing from 1100
to 1300. Consigned from Idaho.
TO BE SOLD ON MONDAY. MAY 10, 1902.
AT 11 A. M.. AT
BRICKER & COATS' CORRALS, 185 VALEN-
CIA STREET.
. . FRED H. CHASE &.CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
£g> FIRST SALE £*
At STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD ST.
Fifty head gentle and thoroughly city broken
horses from 1000 to 1700 pounds; also one com-
plete camping outfit. Horses now on exhibition.
Sale begins at 1 p. ra. Monday, May 10. 1002.
Telephone Main 1150.
Auction sale at Arcade Horse- Market, 327
Sixth St., "WEDNESDAY, May 21. at 11
a. m. I will sell 30 head of sound, young
horses from San Carlos Stock Farm. These
horses are from 5 to 8 years old and weigh
from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Horses can be
seen at stables. JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock
Auctioneer.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, Steamers leave Broadway
WctNLt^ Wharf. San Francisco:
¦' teaSlifek F< >r Ketchikan, Juneau.
fBgSiPrvbA. Ekagway, etc.. AUska— 11 a.
itS fertlwS^l rn -- Ma y n - 1G - 21. 20. 31.
i l£?tf> i ia \&1 June 5. Change to com-
¦ BsSfflV^icrSsK pany's steamers at Sc-att'e.
r"""5iEMBsal For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m/TMay 11. 16. 21. 2«. 31. June 5. Chans*
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12. 17. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los -Angela and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sin Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Huenema and
•Newport (*Bonita only).
1 Coos Bay. 9 a. m>* May 14. 22. 30. June 7.
Bonlta. !> a. m.. May 10. IS. 20. June 3.
For Ensenada Masrdalena Bay. San Joae del
Cabo, Mazntlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. •' -, °
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TJC t<p ''T" r >°^"1 c 'TCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palac* Hot«*l).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERK1N3 & CO., Gen. Agents,
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
: ————— — — — ; .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I -—FOR — -
' • -';"¦' LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR........ 9P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA : 9 P. M.. JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving Ban Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamshios Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. ¦* New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. \ Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 'Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R & W. GO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST "¦K.A'.Z'.'-SSU
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Balls... May 23, June 2, 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.T-. : ;....May 18. 28. June 7, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYtt KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
•:er First and Brannan streets "at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
| nectlng- at Hongkong with steamers for India,
; rtc. No " cargo received on board on day of
! sailing. _ V. ~.
i SS AMERICA MARU....
Wednesday. June 6. 1902
¦ SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28 1SMY*
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24, 1002
- Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage • apply at company's of flee,
421 Market *treet. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
BAY AND HI VEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ9,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun*
day. Sunday, .9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. ra. Leave**
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far« 51
cents. Telephone Mam 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. ajJaslon-street dock. HATCH
BROS. - - ':
. BAIIiWAY ,TBAVE°L.
'!/¦"''¦' . " "' " "VT-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Lim'd | Ovrl'd I Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05p 2:35p 3:15al0:50p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:03 a ......
'•' Viaalia... 3:3!)p .. 6:0Oa
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 8:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City: 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago.. ...... 2:15 p 9:00 p ......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. , Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daRy. . . . .
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace - and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
daily. . .
1 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. - Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices — 641 Market : street and in . Ferry
Depot, San - 'Francisco; 1112 Broadway
_Oakland.__ ¦^_____
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1S34 forth* treatment of I'rivnte
Diseases, J<mt Manhood. . Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases, the Doctor cures when
others fall. 'Try him. Charges low.
Cnrea rusrnntfeil. - Call or write.
Dr. JT. F. OIBBON, San Francisco, Cal.
' SPECIAL NOTICES. V
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. B5S0.
SEWING MACHINES _ANP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest ratns. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 32B4. 145 Sixth.
STORAC& AND WAREHOUSES. ,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage* Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
: p».ny. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 231.
TYPEWRITERS _ A _ KP SUPPLIES.
GREATM3ARGAINS IN ""x XPEWRITE^S^VV*
EfcU better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
• Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main. 266.
2D-H AND typewriters sold,' rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 200 Sansome.
TVPfcW K ¦*'!'* yt» aX» MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
. eographliig. 027 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1538.
BIRTHS— MARMABES— DEATHS.
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published.
' . BORN.
FERGUSSON— In this city, May 13. 1002, to
the wife of Robert FergusBon, a daughter.
KOCKLER— In this city, May 16, 1002. to the
¦ wife of Herman Kockler. a daughter.
McCOY— In Berkeley, May 18. 1002, - to the
wife of Henry J. McCoy, a daughter. ;
DIED.
Beck, Henry Maloneyi Mary E.
Beirne, Patrick J. Mamlar. Pauline
Breslauer. Nathan Nathanson. Dora L.
Burman, Ella L . Nelll, Samuel .'.¦
Celler, Samuel O'Neill, Bridget
\ Cohn, Aaron Perata. Bernard
Czarneckl, Francis Persson, . Henry A.
Jessen, Hermann A. Plstolesl, Charles V.
Lorenz. Max - Ross, .Mary A.
"McCoy (Infant) Umfrld,. Ella
McCraken, Joim F. ¦ -' . '
BECK — In this city, May 18,' 1902, Henry
Beck, dearly beloved husband of Julia. Beck,
and beloved father of John L., George H..
Charles, Lizzie, and William. F. Bick and
Mrs. J. M. Wyckoff and the lafl Mary
Beck, a native of Germany, aged 72 years
2 months and 4 i days:
BEIRNE— In this city, May 18. 1902, Patrick
J.,' beloved son of the late Patrick and Mar-
garet Bierne. and ' nephew of Mrs. . C. San-
derE, and cousin of Annie, John and Charles
Sanders ' and James P. Bierne and ' Mrs. Ar
O' Bierne, a native' of San Francisco, aged
20 years 1 month and 18 days. » . \.\
BRESLAUER— In this city, May 1$, 1002,'
• Nathan, beloved son of ., Hulda Breslauer,
aiui brother of Samuel, Louis D., Joseph and
Martin Breslauer and "the ' late Daniella
Breslauer, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years 4 months and 13 days.- .-
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 522 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BURMAN— fn this city, May 18, 1902, Ella
L., beloved wife of Edgar P. Burman, and
mother of Everett L. Burman, and beloved
daughter of Mrs. J. McBrlde, a native of
California. aseiJ 37 years 11 months and 13
days. /
CELLER— In this city, . May 17. 1002, Samuel
Celler, beloved brother of Mark Celler,- Mrs.'
I 8. I. Simon and Mrs. A. Zirker of Merced,
Cal., a native of New York, aged 54 years
2 months and 15 days. • • /• .'
COHN— In Seattle; : Wash., May '..15, • 1002.
Aaron Cohn, beloved husband of Marietta
Cohn, and beloved father of Bertha Cohn, a
native oi Germany.. =. , • ,
CZARNECKI— In this city. May 17. 1902.'° at
his resilience, '4213 Eighteenth street. - be-
tween Collinswood* and Diamond, Francis,
dearly beloved x husband of Katharene
Susan Czarneckl, and beloved -father of K.
B. Czarneckl of Chicago, Mrs. Wanda Klrby
and Frank. John, Leonora and Emll Czar-
necki, a native of Poland, aged 70 years 0
months and 15 days. A member of Hay-
wards Lodge No. 18. A. O. U. W. (Chicago
and Seattle papers please copy.) ,
ET" Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at his late residence ¦ Id-day (Monday), at'
7:S0' o'clock.'. Interment at ' Hay wards, Ala-
meda County, by cacriase on i arrival .of^V-
¦ o'clock: creek route' boat. '¦ ."..-- 1 •'":*.'<; ' ; r-c
'JESSEN— In Oakland, May 18, 1002, Her-
mann Andersen, beloved soil of Henry L. and
Rasmine Jessen. a native of Oakland, aged
4 months and 10 days.* \
LORENZ — In the City and County Hospital,
.May 18, 1U02, Max Lorenz, a native of Ger-
many, aged 42 years. ¦ ¦ r .¦' .
McCOY — In Berkeley, May IS. 11902, ¦> infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. McCoy.
McCRAKEN— In this city. May 17. 1U02, John
Forbes, beloved husband v of : Ella F* Mc-
Craken,' and son- of John and Ada Mc-
Craken, a native of Portland, Or./ aged 3!»
years U months and 21 days.
{CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
to-day (Monday), . at 10 o'clock, at ¦ the
residence of Peter T. Barclay, 1723 Sutter
street. Interment Drlvate. .' * '. "¦
CHIEFS and Brother aTosemite Tribe No. 103.
Improved Order Red Men: You are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, John F. McCraken;': to-day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at 1723 Sutter street.
CHARLES T. GRANZ, Sachem. .
C. M. PRICE, Chief of Records.
MALONEY— In this city. May 1«, 1002, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late James
J. Maloney, aged 7Q years. and 4 days. -
EXThe mneral will takef.place Monday,
May 111, 100J, from her late residence, 4U5
Ullmore street, thence to' Sacred Heart
Church, where u, requiem high mass will be
celebrated . at . 0:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery/ .'
MAMLAR— In this city,. May 4, 1002, Pauline,
beloved wife of Nathan Mamlar, and "mother
of Fanny and Annie Mamlar, a native of
Germany, • aged 35 years. ¦ -. . - •:.. ;
tE?"Frlends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halstead & Co., 04V Mission street. > In-
terment Salem Cemetery by. 3:30 -., o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. '
NATHANSON — In . this city. May ; 17. 1902,
Dora L. Netbanson, beloved wife of the late
Martin M. Nathanson . and mother of Re-
glna, Arthur E. and Julius O. Nathanson
and Mrs. George C. Rawson, Mrs. Ernst W.
Reinecke, Mrs. E. H. Schade and Mrs. L.
. ¦ P. Johnson, a native of Germany, aged 78
years 3 months and 1 day. .
(CFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 20, lDO'i. at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daushter, Mrs. L. P. Johnson.
608 Ninth street. Interment Laurel -Hill
Cemetery. •
VNEILL— In this city, MayJC,' 1902, Samuel,
beloved son of the late Barnes and Sarah
Nelll, and brother of ¦ Mrs. Peter Daly, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 yearn.
¦E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from the 'residence
of, his sister, Mrs. Peter Daly, 2824 Clay
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
¦ ing at 0:30 o'clock. -• . ..* >
O'NEILli— In tills city, May 17, 1002, Bridget.
dearly beloved' wife- of Joseph O'Neill, and
beloved mother of Joseph, "Florence and
Clara O'Neill. Mrs. F. J. McQuaid and Mrs.
William Dennlson, a native of County Ty-
| rone, Ireland. . ¦. *
"?rFrlends, and acquaintances arc respect-
fully lnvlted-<to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), May 20. 1002, at S:30 o'clock,
from her late residence/ '113 Fourteenth
street, thence, to St. Charles Church, corner
Eighteenth > and .Shotwell streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the renose of her soul, commencing at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. I
PERATA— In tfils city, May 10, 1902. Bernard,
beloved • husband of Clara l Louisa" *Perata,
and father of. August, Emello, ' Enrico, Paul, '
Estelle and Virginia Perata, Mrs. George
McCracken, Mrs. Charles ' Conserva,* Mrs.
John Whiting and Mrs. . David Whiting, a
i native of AlDlcella, Genoa. >. Italy, aged 67
years 2 months and 6 days. ¦ ¦¦ •- ••:•¦.
[£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the ".funeral - to-day
;. (Monday),' at. 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 426 Vallejo street, thence to Gari-
baldi Hall, 423 Broadway, ¦ where * services
will be held under the 'auspices of Garibaldi
I Guard, commencing at ¦> 1 !S0 /o'clock, i Inter-
ment. New Italian Cemetery.;' • ¦ .' ... - .•
PERSSON— In -this city, May 18, 1002, Henry
Arthur, youngest ' and beloved son of ¦ Sven
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
»* (Successor to Flannagan '& Gallagher.)
¦ - DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALjtfERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
/ Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
.: NEAREST THE CITY.' - v ; '
Office, 016 Market Street.
.Telephone Bush; 367. . ¦¦ ....-.'.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
« Samuel McFaddeh,, 18 years manager for
'the United Unaert&kers' Association; M.' J. ;
McBrearty, with the same company for 10"
' years ; i P.; F. Green, • late' with J. ¦ C.\ O'Con- .
nor'& Co.. 'have .opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 : Mission st., between - Seventh
. and. Eighth. . . Telephone ; South . 44. ...•...¦
** yle8 ot hair dressing from Paris; i
™,r v™* a specialty: hair dressing, any
. style. 25c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
A T^ 3 rF l ! d ERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny >t.. near Pine.
Vi 0; 1?™** Pant". $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. U37 Montgomery st.
halr i;« f alllnK or y° u are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
T^JM?. R ™ IADE sult8 ' * 7 5< >: dress Pants. $2 50.
mtfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, lllg Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous halr
ana moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggt — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
fry electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel.' West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumier. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rhemnatlsm.etc 233 Geary. r.?7.
SUPERFLUOUS hatr and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.inO Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural colsr; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn rure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON'S.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay untllcured:
no operation; no detention frcm business; ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. « Turk, j
DR C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
K.Jiyfr Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDH1DUE & CO., v ~~ v^~^- v> -
C3S Market St.
. . AUCTION
auction!
TUESDAY ".'IVMAY 20. 1902.
At our salesroom. No. CSS Market st
At 12 o'clock noon.. .
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 727. 72<J) Hayes et. and
north side (No. UHO Linden ave., 110 ft. west
of Buchanan st. — Two modern flats of « rooms
and bath on Hayes st. and a cottage of 4 rooms
°?, Linden ave., renting exceedingly low at
$»20 per annum; large lot 27:6x120 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Southwest line (Nos. 42. 42A and 12B) Gil-
bert . st.. 105 ft. northwest of Brannan st.—
Three well-built flats of 5,' 3, 3 rooms and a
rear house of 2 rooms, renting for f4S0 per
annum.
ALSO.
Southwest line (No. 44) Gilbert St.. 80 ft.
northwest of Brasnan st. — Improvements con-
eiEt of 2-Btory frame building, containing two
flats ot « and 3 rooms; rents $3(iO per annum;
lots 25xS0 ft. each. These properties can be
bought separately or as a whole.
* MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT.
West line (Nos. 112 112%) Morris ave., 135
ft. joxith of Bryant st.— Two substantial well-
built flats, containing 3 and 4 rooms each,
l? as tf . etc. ; ¦ renting for *$204 per annum ; lot
CARL STREET BUILDING * LOTS.
North line Carl »t., 104 ft. "east of Cole— Six
large lots, level and ready for building.- In a
neighborhood in which over 75 per cent of the
improvements are new and modern; surrounded
by elegant homes; close to Golden Gate Park
and the Affiliated Colleges; lot £5x137:0 each.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line (Not. 1109-11) Turk st.. 87:6 ft.
west of Lacuna — Two modern flat*; of 10 and
6 roomg and bath; key lot to Laguna St.; rents
flOSQ per annum; Ipt 25x90 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS. PROPERTY.
West side of Castro st.. 25 ft. north of Jer- <
sey — A handsome piece of unimproved property, :
directly opposite the Castro-st. carhouse, and
on which stores and flats or a lodging-house
J would pay well; lot S7xS0 ft.
tWenty-fourth street cottage.
South side (No. 3621) 24th St.. 115 ft. west
of San Jose ave. — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, in
first-class condition. Thia is a bargain for
buyers of this class of property; street bltum-
tnized; lot 25x109 Jt.
MISSION WARM BELT BUILDING LOT.
East line of Sharon st.. 145 ft. north of
16th, and between Church and Sanchez — Ele-
gant level building lot. which would pay well
if improved with small flats: lot 25x125 ft. jfcr
RICHMOND HOMES.
East line (No. 328) 5th ave.. 275 ft. south of
"•Clement bV. — ElefcantHtottage cf "5 '.rooms" and
bath with attic and. basement; desirably' lo-
cated and modern; lot 25x120 ft.
South line "(No. 107) California St.. 57:6 ft.
west of 2nd ave. — Modern cottage, with brick
foundation, of 5 rooms, porcelain bath, high
basement, etc.: four car lines within one block
of this property; lot 25x100 ft.
West side (No. 231) 2nd ave., 250 ft. north of
Clement st. — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, basement, brick foundation; lot 25x120 ft.
U
GOLDEN GATE PARK L*TS.
Northwest corner of 37th ave. aid D st.—
Nine elegant corner lots, facing Gfelden Gate
Park; 132:6x200 ft. Thia property being only
a few blocks from the terminus of the= electric
cars has a fine future and will double in value
in the next year.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
A SPLENDID new cottage.
$2750 — $300 cash, balance $25 monthly: 10th
ave., two blocks south of the park; contains 0
large sunny rooms and bath; big basement:
latest sanitary plumbing; lot 25x120; offered
cheap to make s quick eale.
J. BASHFORD. 431 McAllister st.
HOUSES — New and up-to-date; If you are look-
ing for something nice, containing 7 to 8
rooms; Castro and 20th sts. ; good view of
city. Apply on premises.
BARGAIN — Near Park: house and corner lot:
9 rooms, bath, high basement, modern. Ap-
ply 800 First ave. ; McAllister-street car.
TO be removed: buildings. Mission and 14th
sts. DOLAN CO., 1611 Market et.
FOR sale-^-Cholce building lots cheap: 14th St.,
near Castro. Apply 1045 Fourteenth st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— IrKor gjjjg
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value .assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for
pampbtets and Information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and email tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed liFt. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
. ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
Eanta Clara Valley. Eah Jose and Peninsular
properties* See WOOSTER. WHITTON 4
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mlnea. EMMONS A SON. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
SANTA CLARA home; 305x250; 9-room house,
stable, tank house; outhouses, lake, fish pond;
exchange, city ppjy. SPARROW. 107 Geary.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT
1 BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE. I
$2500 — NEW 8-room house. Just completed; all .
modern improvements; lot 50x140; never such
--a bargain offered in Berkeley; 1 block to
cars. W. C MORAN & CO., Lorin station,
or C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby etatlon, Berkeley.
LOT 83x230; 8- room house; stable; windmill;
chicken houses; fruit trees and berries; worth
$3600; will accept reasonable cash offer; $1000
can remain on mortgage. Box 907, Call.
COTTAGE — 8 room*,' modern convenience, battt
«tc: easy, payments. MURDOCK. 614 Pine.
PUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FnPlTVAlB REAL ESTATE.
FOR. eale— 5 acres, -J*o»e *v*. ' and Hlgb st.,
Frultvale.. A. R. HARRIPON. 7» Qpary rt. ;
HAYWARDS-ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
8" ACRES, all out. to full-bearing, fruit; good
beus* or 5 rooms and cellar; barn; chicken-
houses; fruit house; sulphur bouses; 2 springs
piped to house; -barn and yard; good well;'
place paid last year 30 per cent on soiling
- price of $5000. -
15 acres, all out fruit and vines; fine 6-
room cottage; high basement; fine large barn;
good well; price $6000.
12% acres;' about 5. acres In fruit; fine new
modern house of 6 rooms; chicken-houses;
brooder-bouse; good well; fine location; price
f£2S0. - '¦ ¦- ¦- ¦ ¦ \ '¦ - ' -.
. 2 acres: corns fruit;- bouse, '4 rooms; cis-
tern; barn; price $1200. ' . - -¦¦.¦¦¦-
8 W acres;- all out to apricots, full-bearing;
DO other improvements: price $000. - ;.-t
"' Apply to P. "WILBERT. Haywards,' Cal/ •
MOXEY TO JLOAjf.
"7trK~licCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery 6C, room J,
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
Or first mortgages.
On tecend mortgages.
On third mortgages.
en undivided interests in res} estatfc,
" On festatts ;n probate. fk
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 6518.
R. JIcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— HERMAN MLKPHY. C01-C02 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates T
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
' Property Being Held tn Trust
I'ndivided Interests in Real Estate...
Life Inr-.irarice Policies; Estates in Proba'tV
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes
IF YOU NEED MONEY. i3llCB -
See HERMAN MURPHY. U01-C02 Examiner!
Ia-MANHATTAN LOAN CO. <Inc). '
f:;<H!,uO<.i at J>V4 aud t» p«r cent in sums to suit;
City. Cakiand. Town and Country Property;
»ecarsd mortgage*, life insurance and securl-
lies: leans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-
teres-ta la real estate and legacies; will pur-
ihmt* nt'O\e securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.: CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT proposition. any amount; ts per cent: first,
fecend and third mortgages, estates In pro-
b*te_ -Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, fwurities. manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E- OLSEN.*
J5OVEY to loan in cumi to euit on rear estate,
household furniture, etc.. it lowest rate of
liuereet; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
i-ON-A CO.. 103 Ellis Bt, room 10 (Glasgow
block'*.
RICHLY respectable private place to, obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S*0
Market St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third.
y.VNICIFAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
- Geary st. ; phone Red 1C03.
OS real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary «.. room 36.
HO TO $100 loaned salaried people without fe-
curity; quietly. «jTlickly. confidentially; lowest
rates; easy paymfnts. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIX' ATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD <Wilscn < 6). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to ealariell ¦
pecple on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 PheUn bldg.
CN furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy* terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et., room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by -private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Joaes.
ELFVTNG. C16 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential: open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. lift McAllister St..
S<*- ON. lurniture & fiance; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1700, room Sl, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
hlcney loaned salaried people witnout security.
HILU r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent en furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: 'any security. 302 Montgomery 6t.. r. 1."
CASH loaned salaried people en note without !
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg. \
LOANS" money on salary: no indor«er; Eastern
plan. W'yirtern Lrmn Co.. 3na PhPlan hldg.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
6.S we are closing out the Hallet & Dar!»
agency en account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from; ,
seme special bargains: *
J Bourne $47 :
1 Weber 65
1 Knabe 95
1 liarfhsll 135
S Smith & Bames $1?5 to 240
2 Stein way 263 to 383
S Heine 235 to 385
2 Checkering 195 to 280
t Organs 15 to 33
Ren is, $2; installments. $3. or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Ha!l.
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many EeemingJy advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
arid terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can aot only duplicate them, but can
cfTcr exceptionally fine pianos and largest
srsortment cf best makes to choose from.
FHERMAN. CLAY &; CO.. Stelnway dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
v.ey and Thirteenth sts. Oakland.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 year* and fuil purchase price al-
lowed on a nt»r peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 2'>c a day to buy a
p?antf-Troin""Vs. KOHLER" & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell et. ; established 1SD0.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ,
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Stcond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
L'PRIGHTS at $25 and upward can be seen at
our store, and if you want to get a bargain
call soon; we are showing some fine Deckers,
cheap to close cut; they are good as new.
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
FISCHER piano, good as new. will be sold to
highest bidaer this week. SICKELS. 6 Geary.
SACRIFICE— Latest style upright, slightly
used. 16 McAllister st.. near Jones.
(50 — ROSEWOOD piano for eale; cost $400; on
*5 installments. 1309 Goqgh. near Geary.
Bell prK-ately. .i'our own price, superb cabinet
. grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
WtOV may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
\ CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes Bt.
CHE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Eteck, Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must b*
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
K FECE Etejaway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
ENAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BTRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Poet St.; Sohmer
an-S other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 1 hT
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
K WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES A\I) STOllES TO LET.
WO FEET from Third and Market; rent $40:
etore 25xS0; light front, elde and rear. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California st.
ETORE with large basement, below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant. 636 C'ay. room 1.
PAHfTEBS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. C40 G. G. ave. ; tei. Polk 1423.
PALM ISTRVT
PROFESSOR STERLING, the famous palm-
ist, is here; have your hands read; charges are
tOc and $1; office Is at 120 8th et.; office hours
ire 10 a. rn. to .9 p. m.. daily and Sundays.
HUE. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post Et... corner of Jones; pbone Polk S37.
a. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor gt.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 501.
PEJEtSON'At.S. _^
VIA VI has been manufactured for over flrteen
years; it cured hundreos of ailing. women in
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
2204-C-g Van Ness ave.; pbone East 282. San
Francisco. ,
ViN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
(IS; with these suit* we make an extra pair
cf par.ts free of charge; other suits on Install-
ment*. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ct., between Seventh and Eighth. *? .' _>
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week: ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
BbJrtwa:slK. trimmed bats; gents* and boys'
eultE, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new rtore. C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 roomu,
25c tG $1 to per night; $1 CO to $.6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry*
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored ehirta to order; $1 each;
tame as white ghirtt; selection 300 patterns.
ENGINEERS ami railroad men can find Car-
hertt's -union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
EaeebaLL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c poet-
pa-id. S. It. CHURCH. 807 Saneome St.. 8. F.
NOW ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for cults, overcoats
f-r.d trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market et. - ¦_
fcSONET loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
CiamoEJe, pearls and precious stones bought
tt W. J. HESTHAL'E. 10 Sixth St. - ' --•
| tlQUOR habit — A new; safe and sure cure can
>¦ be given without knowledge of patient. < Ad-
flrees P. Q. box £52. San Joee. Cal.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. 52 28. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., lSio-1312 Stockton et., Bear Broadway.
BA1LWAY TRAVEL.
Sunday, June 9> 10 a. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Afts.; 329 Martet
Gen'l Pass. Office, 643 Market sl, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
8ceaaies.5.uh b@8$s&
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
' land and Sydney. .Thurs., May 22, 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu \~^
. .Saturday. May 81,. 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, ; tor Tahiti ......;..
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE. ;
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, " up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large. Jot; stable, fruit trees; one.
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot: $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. -ROBERTS.
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascade*; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to. rent by the season or year.
S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
MODERN 9-room house Just completed on large
lot; near corner'of 11th ave and 18th St., East
Oakland: good neighborhood and convenient
to churches, schools, cars and station; for
- ' sale at low price and on easy terms: house
open for inspection every day. B. H. WELCH
& CO.. 5th ave. and 18th. st., Oakland, j
OAKLAND FUKXITlillE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st, Oakland.
noosis for housekeeping.
ARIEL^anTTclar ll^s.'MS^ai^TlJir^k^Ho'rand
cold water baths, elect! lc lights free; fur-
nished or unf ur. ; tel. Et.Bt 312. Eutter 41.
CALIFORNIA. tfO31 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; no children,.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping: 3 and
bath. $20; also 2. $15; 1. »S; single. $4.
FOLSOM. 525 — Large sunny furnished room;
..light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FOURTEENTH.'' 700— Front furnished house-
kpg rooms; sun all day; Castro cars; read.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
cr unfurnished housekeeping rooms; phone. -
HOWARD, 1258, nr. Oth — Sunny rooms lor light
housekeeping; newly furnished flat; adults.
LARKIN. 62.1. near Ellis — 3 or 4 sunny rooms
With regular kitchen; gas range, yard, front
hall; also single room; price reasonable.
LEAVEN WORTH, 411— For rent, nicely fur-
nished tront housekeeping room.
: MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished and housekeep-
' ( ing rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
; OCTAVIA, 125'J — Sunny housekeeping suite;
elegantly furnished; gas and coal range.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— LarKe sunny
bay-window, gas stove. $10; front room, $7.
PINE. 1300. corner Hyde — 2 sunny corner fur-
nished rooms,. $17; large furnished room, $10.
TWELFTH, 10, near Market — 7-room flat newly
furnished; newly papered and painted; rent
$30; 4 fine beds; all clean; large yard..
SIXTH» 123% — Nicely furnished sunny front '
room for light housekeeping; quiet; cheap. ¦
| STEINER, 1325, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny rooms;
modern Improvements; piano, phone, etc. j
STOCKTON, " 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekpg, $10 to $12; bed.
VALENCIA, 1232. near depot — 2 sunny rooms,
furnished hskpg.; gas stove, bath, laundry.
VAN NESS ave., 79S — I furnished rooms; bath;
no children; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at lOOti
Valencia »?¦ '
UOt'MSjrO_LET— Fan* and I'nfurn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 231 McAllister— New", elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In. California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 I Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlglH.
AT Grand Southern. 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; BOc to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor: elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny »rms.; single, double; mod. conven'cea.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
¦ week or month; bath; phone. '332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., 1 , suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 217 — Furnished rooms, double and sin-
gle, .*1 50 up; gas; phone; transient/
EDDY. C32 — Pleasant sunny suite of rooms;
¦•suitable for one or more -gentlemen. . ,
EIGHTH, 228%— Nice sunny room In private
» family. , . ¦ <
EI-LIS, 321 (Moiart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 CO night; $150. $C week; open all n<sht.
FOLSOM, 804-^-2 sunny furnished- rooms, with
closet and bath; $1 and $1 25.
FOLSOM, 810^5 rooms and bath; new; reno-
vated. .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
LARKIN. 707, near Ellis— Newly furnished
front room; rent only $C; In small flat.
MINNA. CC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; &1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514. nr. Eleventh — Single sunny
front room; private family; $1 25 per week.*.
NATOMA, 217 — Sunny neat furnished front
room for one or. two respectable worklngmen.
NICELY furnished room in a private Jewish
family, four blocks from new City Hall; ref-
erences. Box 90S, Call office.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' • par-
lor: roams, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $3o; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 178 — Large - sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms ; first floor; yard; sta-
tionary tubs. ¦ ,'
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth sl,
•near Market — Furnished; al?o 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. J>43 — Unfurnished- beautiful alcove
room, $7 50; also one other; gas. closets, con-
venient, light houpekeeplng; suitable for two;
rear house; entrance not objectionable. ' "
SUTTER, 1022%. near Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlore, furnished; phone.
TAYLOR, 23S— Double parlors, nice furniture,
clean and sunny; also single room. Call from
0 to 12 a.\m. or 2 to 5 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
has been established at 1034
Vwlcni-ta ft. ¦
KOOU1S AND BOARD.
CORBIN. The. SJO^UteT^tT'c^raeTT^Lven'-
- worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
cults; all sunny, table first class.
IRVINGDALE, C26 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite or single: good table; reasonable. ¦
ROOMS, with board; home; German 'cooking
300 Eddy st. ¦ - ...
LAMBOURNE. v 420 Eddy— High-class hou<e;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. j
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy st.. is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
- PROPOSALS.
SAitf^FRANC^SCoT^aKrA^^
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m. Friday, May 23. 1002.
and then opened, for construction of Iron
Wharf at Angel Island, Cal., and -also Iron
Wharf at, Fort Baker. Lima Point, Cal.
S Government reserves right to reject or ac-
any or all bids in whole or' In part.
Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of price and quality
(Including In the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Paclflc Coast to
' extent of consumption required by. the pub-
lic 8ervlce • there. Information furnished on
application "to ¦ D. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster general. Chief Q. M. .
PROPOSALS .purchase of U. S. army
¦ transport Egbert — Office of General Superin-
tendent, Army Transport Service,' 36 New
M6ntgomery et.. San Francisco Cal., May 1
1902: Sealed proposals, in, triplicate, for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert will
be received In ' this office until 12 m: May
20, 1902, and then opened ; vessel to be de-'
llvered ' to successful bidder at San Fran-
cisco, Cal. ; the Government reserves the
right to reject any or all proposals; en-
velopes containing proposals Should be in-
dorsed, "Proposals '-.. for purchase of army
transport Egbert." and addressed to the
General Superintendent, Army Transport ser-
vice. San Francisco, Cal. . Particular* ; as to
bonds required, and information as to the char-
• acter of vessel, etc.. furnished on application.
PROPOSALS for coal— Of flee .. of General
' Superintendent,.- Army ¦ Transport • Service
San Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1902.'- Seal 'd
i proposals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
. liverlns: on board- army ..transports at; San
Francisco. Call f ornia. forty . thousand tons
average steam coal, or such. portion thereof !
as may be required, will -be received at this
• • office until -12 m. June 1902,- and then
opened. - - Information ' furnished - 6a :¦ apblica-
" tlon.' Envelopes containing '• proposals should
¦- be indorsed. "Pronofals for ¦ Coal,"-- and iad-
; dressed to- C. A. DE VOL, . General ¦ Superin-"
, tendent.-- -.-,,\ •
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
elast to Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED 8TATES and CAN-
ADA, i 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. \SV-FUGAZI & CO., Paclflo Coau
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.: San Francisco.
Tickets .' sold . by , all Railroad Ticket Arents.
OOHPAGNIB GENKRALE TBANSATLANTIQXTB.
DIRECT \LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, r'-'^^w^.
Balling every Thursday, lnitead of^^jgpBh
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, i wlrrlw
North River, foot of Morton street. . ¦. •?
. HEW STAB LIKE. ;
NEW TORK,' ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kensingtn.May28, nooniFreesland.Junell, noon
Zeelandr.'.June 4, noon| Sou thwrk..JunelS, noon
' " ' INTERNATIONAL" NAVIGATION. CO., •
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G. A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y st.
> (' AME11ICAJT LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. .
Phila . '. '. .May 2S, 10am Bt. Louis. June 11, 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10am Phlla : . ...June 18, 10amThe meeting of the executive board of
the Building Trades Council held yester
day afternoon In the office of Organized
Labor was attended by delegates from
this city, Oakland and interior towns. The
reports showed, that the organization
throughout the State is enjoying great
piosperity. and that the business .card
system of the State Council is meeting
with success.
With Success.
State Council Is Meeting
Reports Show That Working Card of
There was considerable jostling on the
car, but Sand did not pay particular at
tention to it until he had reached Mar
ket street, when he discovered his loss.
By that time ¦ many people had got on
and off the car, and it was impossible
to attach suspicion to any particular In
dividual. The theft was reported to po
lice headquarters.
William W. Sand of the plumbing firm
of Sand & O'Connor, who resides at 644
Jetsle street, was relieved of a diamond
stud valued at $300 y_esterday afternoon
while he was returning from the park on
a Haight-street car crowded with passen
gers.
lieved of Jewel While Return
ing From Park.
"William W. Sand Claims He Was Re-
LOSES EIS DIAMOND
IN A CROWDED CAR
BUILDING TRADES ARE
ENJOYING PROSPERITY
VIEWS OF THE OLD CHURCH OF SI. LUKE'S AND, THE NEW EDIFICE THAT .WAS CONSECRATED TESTER
DAT WITH IMPRESSIVE CEREMONT; BT ¦LEADING; DIGNITARIES OF THE EPISCOPAL FAITH IN THE
PRESENCE OF A LARGE AND FASHIONABLE GATHERING. : • ;V
'Rev:, J.VP.':.Turrierr> the rector, read his
rrinuai^"report Vat the "service held "at " 11
a.;m. .¦ He- dwelt upon the i good ;that
had been carried; on In. the. reading and
: ». '.The services during.. the^day^were 'elab
orated j with special musical programmes,
and the attendance ' was - very ; large. -• ¦; v •
': l"he eighth ; anniversary ,¦ of . the founding
of the Cathedral ;. Mission .of. the . Good
Samaritan • was. celebrated; yesterday 'at
thp,,church''oh Second street, near^Fol
som. . ' >' ; - ¦'¦•¦'¦. l '- J ,"', ¦¦,' m - .- ¦-'."• '¦ ... ¦•:¦-'".:¦¦ ','¦: '"
Holds Special: Services.
Cathedral Mission of Good Samaritan
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY.
club' rooms arid also of the lectures and
entertainments given during the last year.
The congregation of the church, con
sisting mainly of working people, have
enjoyed much benefit from the energetic
efforts of the rector and his assistants on
behalf of the parishioners. ,
A musical programme was rendered .at
the .evening service, and. a sermon de
livered by the rector. The annual recep
tion of the congregation will take place
on Wednesday evening next, when the re
ports of the various departments will be
presented; '. •
-LONDON,' May 18.— The 'Liverpool/Dally'
Post, asserts, that at. the meetings of : the
White Star Line . held . yesterday \ the
agreement to transfer the line to the At
lantic shipping combine. was unanimously,
confirmed. About half the * sharehohlers
attended the meeting. .The assent 7 . of "75
per 'cent of the shareholders; is required, 1
says the paper, but there is no doubt : that
their sanction will be forthcoming, as the
terms offered are considered very ! favor
able. '
Shareholders Confirm the Sale.
Psalm 24, hymn 491, "The Church's One
Foundation" (Wesley); reading of the instru
ment of donation by senior warden; collects
reading of sentence of- consecration; thanks
giving; hymn 2U7, "Come. Jesus,'' ¦ From ¦ Thy
Sapphire • Throne" (Miller); ! "Venlte" (Gar
rett); proper psalms, 84, 122, 132 (Coward
Turle): first lesson, I Kings vlli,' verses 22 to
03; "Te Deum" in B flat (Stanford);' second
lesson. .Revelation xxi; "Jubilate" in B flat
(Stanford); "Nlcene Creed" In E flat (Eyre)
lntroit, hymn 483, "Christ. Is • Made the Sure
I The solemn service of consecration then
i followed, and Bishop . Nichols delivered a
i sermon, taking as his text' St. Luke
xiv:16— "Another Comforter, ¦ that he may
abide with you forever." The -sermon was
I a strong plea for the growth of church
work and the support of the members of
tho Episcopal faith. - ; :-;.,. ,;
L The programme of the consecration ser
vice was as follows: , . -• • ,- .
EliABORATE PROGRAMME.
Following the processional- hymn - the
large congregation joined in singing hymn
491, "The Church's One Foundation," and
the reading of the instrument of dona
tion was carreid out by the senior warden,
A. N. Drown. :J ...•''
The processional included the clergy,
vestrymen and wardens of the church.
Bishops Nichols and Moreland • walking
ahead, wearing their full robes. •.., -'¦:.
The musical programme was an elabor
ate one, the choir consisting of sixty
voices under the direction of . Organist. W.
A. Sabin. / .- . . ¦ ¦ -
Bishop Nichols, who preached the . ser
mon and conducted the consecration,, was
assisted by Bishop Moreland i of Sacra
mento, Archdeacon Emery of the' diocese
of California, Dean Lewis of the district
of Sacramento and many, prominent Epis
copal, clergymen of this city. •:.¦•: ?¦ ; ¦¦'.'. , ; -,
ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, Van Ness
avenue and Clay street, was conse
crated yesterday morning with
elaborate ceremony by . the ¦'¦'Right
Rev. .the Bishop of ' Calif ornia v assisted
by many prominent -Episcopal' clergymen.
The church edifice was finished two
years ago, but owing to a debt of $7000
remaining upon it the consecration : sev :
vices were delayed. The rector, • Rev..
Burr M. Weeden, recently succeeded ; in
raising the debt, and arrangements . were,
completed for the consecration of the
building. ¦ . .- •: . »
The services yesterday consisted of the
holy communion in the early morning and
the consecration at 11 a. m. The interior
of the church had been handsomely ..dec r
orated with spring flowers, a'\ series of
floral arches extending across the chancel.;
. The. service^pf the everiing.was.no less
interesting than that of the morning. The
singing lot the augmented choir was, in
every sense exquisite. "Magnificat. Nunc
Dimmittis,". in A, by.j,West, ,was, indeed/
a beautiful andrfaultless rendition; as was
also the singing or Stainer's sweetly sim
ple hymn, "Gracious Spirit, ¦ Holy Ghost,'.'
"A. sermon by the Right Reverend Bishop
Moreland was particularly "appropriate, to
the day's exercises. ' "Reverence My Sanc
tuary, I Am the'Ijbrd," was the theme. ¦
The Bishop lucidly explained theofflcea
for. which, the ; newly . consecrated ; church
"might be used. ¦"Therein is- the presence
of. God," he'said. "but ds-not. God's pres
ence 'at our hearth, - on' the boundless
ocean,' in .the flowers, 1 in the forests and
in the. wilderness?; We hear, the voice 1 of
the creator in. the song of the birds, yea,
and in' the wind that sweeps over, the city
this Whitsunday. The flowers of the field
speak of his blessing and his love. It is
¦ only,. b>v coming into God's house and sit
ting at* the. feet of Jesusf.Christvthat we
can .understand pnr Father, in heaven. It
is a happiness^ to me: to, have taken part
in: the consecration and to meet 1 - my, for
mer, parishioners, and I congratulate my.
brother, -Bishop Nichols, of the diocesa,
the 'vestrymen, ' the men dnd women, the
young men and' the young women and the
children who have, done so much, for St.'
.Luke's Church. /- 1 congratulate the pas
tor, the Rev«Mr. ¦ Weedon, ; and the : Very
Reverend. F.: B. A.' Lewis and the curate,
the Rev. Mr. V W. E. Hayes, for the glori
ous .work. accomplished. ¦ . It is, evidence of
the ..vieor' of those _who have built : the
.sacred edifice. Let" us -lay j to heart the
message of pur God, 'Reverence My. Sanc
tuary, I am the Lord.' " ,.- * :
Evening Services.
¦ -Rector,-. 'Rev.' ¦¦¦ Burr- M.' Weedeh; '¦ associate
priest. Very Rev: F. ' B.:A; 1/ewis, M. D.;
curate,' Rev.'iw.E. Hayes; senior warden, A.
N. -Drown; junior ¦warden. 'Dr.,- Hi • C Davis;
vestrymen— E.V T. Allen,'. R.- S. • Anderson, ' W.
D. Clark, H. L. Davis, G. H. Kellopg,- L. F.
Monteagle; A: H.' Phelps,: H..D. Pillsbury, Dr.
G. H; Powers, H.T.' Scott; organist- and choir
master. W. A.-Sabln. F. R. C. O.
Foundation" ](Smart); , "Kyrle" and ¦ "Gloria
Tlbl" Jn E flat (Eyre); hymn 418, "O God, Our
Help in Ages Past" (Croft); •• sermon by '-the
Right Rev. the.BIshop. of California;. ascription,
'•'GloriajPatrl" (Garrett) ; offertory anthem, VI
Will. Sing of. Thy Power" < (Sullivan) ; "Sursum
Corda,"- '"Sanctua" and "Agrnus Dei" in-E flat
(Eyre); ¦communion hymn 225, ."Bread of the
World" (Hodges) ; "Gloria in rExeelsls" in E
flat (Eyre); recessional hymn 490. "Glorious
Things of Thee; Are- Spoken" (Haydn). ../i
.The clergy and officers; of St. • Luke's
Church are as follows: • > :. .
THE SAN; FKAOTOISeO > CAI/L; .MONDAY^; MAY 19, 1902,
Sacred Edifice Is^F
Which Witnessed
Clergy and; Layrrie^
ST. LUKE'S CHURCH IS CONSECRATED
WITH MOST IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES
At the park the coldness of the weather
detracted greatly from the crowds gener
ally seen around the music stand. Mr.
Steindorff as usual had an excellent pro
gramme arranged. It is quite apparent
that the public is well pleased with the
new leader's selections, as well as with
the manner in which he presents them.
There were few people at the beach
yesterday. The stiff northwest wind which
was blowing stirred up a miniature sand
storm. It was almost an impossibility for
one to walk along the road in front of the
Cliff House without being carried in an
other direction by the gale. The breakers
were exceedingly large.
Cold Wind at Park and Beach.
Trarpefs OH cures rheumatism and neuralcU-
Drugglets, 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay..
Everybody Should Wait for Thursday,
When the great shoe sale will make its
debut. Following out the plan of buying
cheap and selling quick, the Bee Hive
Shoe Company will sell on Thursday more
shoes than all the shoe stores in San
Francisco together. There will be on sale
ladies' and men's hand-sewed, stylish
fhoes, worth $4. for $2.15. These shoes are
fit for the wife or daughter of a banker.
No captain in the United States army ever
wore neater or more stylish shoes than
those made by Preston B. Keith or the
Radcliffe Shoe Company. All modern
leathers, such as patent calf, enamel, box
and velour calf, vici kid and wax calf, in
lace and Elucher cut; $2.15 will be the
price. Don't worry; if price and quality
are to be considered you will buy your
shoes on Thursday at the manufacturers'
sale of shoes, 717 Market street, near
Third. •
For every 100 deaths in rural districts in
England there are 118 in town districts.
The board discussed the trouble which
has arisen between the Labor Council and
the Building Trades Council over the re
fusal of the latter organization to allow
Carpenters' Union No. 4S3 to affiliate with
the Labor Council. In regard to the con
troversy the board adopted a resolution
in which it denounced the carpenters who
have refused to accept the mandate of
the Building Trades Council as destroyers
of unionism.
10
AD VEBTISEMENT3.
People came in so fast last week that we had to slacken up on ad-
vertising — we couldn't have waited on any more.
When we move into the Sorosis Shoe Parlors on Post street with
entirely different lines of shoes we want to go with the reputation of
having lived up to our promises in this store. We promise that if you
call we can give you the best shoe bargains ever offered in San Fran-
cisco—smartest IQ02 shoes at "sale" prices.
Here are a few:
Men's Burt & Packard Korrect Shape Shoes; all leathers. Sale price
$3.15: formerly $4.00 and $5.00 per pair.
Men's Russian Calf Lace, Waldorf or Teddy last. Sale price $2.95; for-
merly $4.00.
Men's Fine Vlci Kid Lace, Pan- American last, union made. Sale price
$1.75: formerly W-00.
Boys' Astoria CalJ Lace, "Waldorf toe and tips, double sole. Sale price
$1.05; formerly $1.75.
Boys' Vlci Kid Lace, London toe and tips, double extension sole. Sale
price 95 cents; formerly $1.50.
Ladies' fine quality Oxfords, kid or vesting tops, hand-turned soles
Sale price $1.15; formerly $2.00 and $2.50 per pair.
Ladies' Imperial Kid. lace kid or vesting tops, neat coin toe and patent
leather tips. Sale price $1.35; formerly $2.50.
Misses' Kid Button, coin and diamond shape, patent leather tips. Sale
price 75 cents: formerly $1.50. •
Children's Vici Kid Button, coin toe and diamond shape, patent leather f
tips. Sale price GO cents; formerly $1.25. . »
Infants' Kid Button and Infants' Crome Tan Sandals. Sale price 25
cents; formerly 50 and 75 cents. \
Large 25-cent size Polish, two for 25 cents. •
Men^s and Boys' Tennis Oxford Rubber Shoes. Sale price 40 cents; for-
merly 75 cents.
50 THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store from Market.
%Z.*~" . . - .J
Here Is the swellcet cart you ever saw. We have others equally as at-
tractive. Our prices are right, our goods are right ¦ • -
\<,\ Our stock will suprlse you. Don't buy until you see It -
;j As for 1902 Catalogues. • ! :,- fY
; of California.
; MARKET AND 10TH BTS.. ¦ ' fiAN FRANCISCO.
OOLDBIBS. BOWES A C0"3 SPECIAL 3AV1S3 3AL1
Pi mi ent o s
Spanish sweet peppers — recipe tree
reg'ly 25— large can 2OC
" 15— small can \3, 2 for 25c
Deviled lobster
A dainty fish novelty — T V c
H lbs can °
: Can d 1 e s
Stearing — self-fitting ends — «j_ _ r
reg'ly $1 25 -box of 36 *> l °5
W h i s k y
G B & Co— O K bourbon— for $2
pure— reliable— good for the ** .
sick room-reg'ly Ji bot-f4 gal k
Brandy '
California private stock — $115
Baldwin— vintage 1883— . Si
reg'ly $1 50 bottle-|6 gal At 5°
Sauterne
Vista del Valle— 1 doz qts $4 25
reg'ly $550-^ 5o case 2 " pts $5
J a maica rum
London dock— flavors punch to 2i 25
perfection— reg'ly $1 50 bot— * "?
. $6 gallon 4 5°
Porter — ale
White label— Bass' ale— Guinness' &~
porter — reg'ly $2 25 — $2 dozen 9 *
T o *6 t h powder
Wright— antiseptic myrrh— OQC
reg'ly 25c bot "*
Toilet ammonia
Lavender— violet — OCP .
regl'y 30c bot \\ z^.
Gas lighter
Heavy nickel plated— including 2 - c
box of tapers — reg'ly 35c J
Lemon squeezer 1
All glass— reg'Iy 15c I OC
432 Pine 232 Suttor 2800 California
San Francisco \
TH'***"'* »"* Cliv .Stfeiti Oakland A
J has a prof essional 1
8 frame fitter to keep m
H your glasses in shape ||
B at absolutely no charge H
W 6 4 2 ;^M ARKET. St. w
\A/. X. HESS,
KCTAUT PDBU0 AND ATT02H£T-AT-l»Air.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Main 0S3.
•Residence. 821 California at., below Powell.
. . Residence Telephone. James 1301.
WeeHy Call $1,00 Der Year
We call particular atten-
tion to the following five
lines of goods which will be
on special sale
THI^ WEEK!
PEAU DE SOIE FOULARDS and SATIN LIBERTY
FOULARDS In shades of Reseda, Biscuit, NaYu, Grau,
Old. Rose, Brown, National, etc., all this season's stales.
Reduced to 75c Yard
BLACK TAFFETA
10 PIECES 36-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SItK, a gool
• wearing. aualltB and Yern lustrous Hnlsh.
Reduced to Sl.00 Yard
SILK STMPE CHALYS
WE have Just received a new shipment of genulns
French silk stripe Chains in exduslYe deslgns-and new
comhinatlons of colorings, sultahle for house and street
Price 75c Yard
BLACK GOODS
One case Striped Silk and Wool Black French Eta-
- mines and Grenadines, 44 lo 47 Inches wide.
SI.5O, SI.75 and S2.OO Yard
Regular Values S2.5O, $3.OO and $3.9O Yard
PRINTED FRENCH SATEENS
We have made a special purchase of 300 PIECES
PRINTED FRENCH SATEENS, full 30 inches wide and
mercerized, air Foulard designs, In the following color-
ings: Blues, Tans, Grans, Greens, Reseda, LaYender,
Champagne, Purple, Cardinal and. Garnet.
Price 15c Yard
Regular Values 23c and 35c
• Our customers In the Interior are asked to write for
samples of above goods promptly, while the assortment Is
-) • complete..
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
¦T.iH. CORCORAN & CO.
; . SPECIAL 3-DAY SALE.
EGOS, ftney i«!eeW kind, 2, down 15,
¦ Received •. dally from Highland poultry
•' .-¦farm. ; -. -V. . - ... • .. .
TEA. any of our 6O3 per lb kind, pir lb. i5«
, 'VDon't be afraid to . try. this— a pickup.
COFFEE, J»v» and Uosht. p«rlb. ................ 25«
Roasted dally/ ground r while you wait.
• "Res. 30c. ' .
ITiODR, extra fimily roller, 10 lbs. . . . .20o
¦ -This Is the best; makes white bread
I Rer." 25b.' ? , " •
MAOAhONI. SPAGHETTI or VKRBI0FLLI, b«..JCo
Made from the beat flour, and we receive
•'-• dally. ". Rez. 25c. ¦ ¦ - ,
PEACHES. PEAftfl and APRICOTS, table kiad
' "T5o*ns.. '...:...... .:....... ,'355
.Put up* in 2%-lb tins; packed In heavy
:, syrup, . ¦
8ALM0N, «tr» eho'et red kind, 3 cans :. 2£e
/.', -~ Very; latest Alaska pack. 1 Reg. 10c.
PRUNES, the nles bl»:k kinl, 4 Ibi .-.. :.....;..25o
¦¦•:¦¦¦'". Packed In boxes. Res. 3 lbs 25c.
GRAPE NUTS, the lSe package, 2 ptekiges ..25 a
Nice breln food. tyi
P03TLM C >i»Ei>L, some like it better than eof-
. fee paekagi ... ........... ... 2Oo
", They say It makes red blood.' Reg 25c.
OELAMNE, Knox'i Qrinnlated.'ier pa:kage lOc
'¦'• It's not like pie; It's healthful.
Regr.; 12^c;pkg. ...
BOAP, Sand, largs cake?, 8 far .*..... .....25o
:T;'A labor saver;' no kitchen should be with-
¦ out It. »,• ;>;
CA8TXLV the genuine Treneh kind, per bar . . .: . . 25e
" and best toilet soap to use
Res. 35c.
MATCHiS, Tnlean bracd, par' or, per pxekage... 60e
- - Eachpkg contains 144 small boxes.
Res. <SOc. . ¦¦•¦ ¦
WINDOW BOHEEN, a good strong one for... . .< . .15 O
Why should you be bothered with flies? -
WHEAT, large flakes, Ee lb kind, 8 pounds . . : . . ,25e
*3 This 'makes a healthy . dish for the little
• . „¦ one«.: : ¦/ -¦ ¦ .' ••-. , ... ...
HAM, Deriled, large site earn, per doien... .....: 80e
, ' Makes nice _ sandwiches., Reg. price 10c can.
—Don't overlopk us if you are going camping.
-We . pack ; and ship ; free. , .. - / .
• ' • I20IVALENCIA ST.
S. E. Comer Twenty-third. Phone Mission 0.
4l»ft/' ' Weal * Eye* Sitrenftthened
)^^r*Ki3r^L Painful or Inflamed eyes ln-
GSjShtl&&£d& ttantly relieved wlthGKORGE
Blf ¦¦**?<? MAYERLE'8 German Ey«
' %*»!S— 'iiStiMri Water, 5Oc. : at 1071 Market
»t. Tel. South 572. None gen-
.... . r^^TS-V : ulne ; without thl» trademark.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Observations No. 6
PublisHed by "Your Bosom Friend," every once ii» « while
If I can keep up with the pace of San Fran-
cisco, It won't be long before I'll be pace maker
for a lot of people in my line of business. . ;
? Frisco is growing pretty fast now and' I'm .
coming along right in the swim of prosperity. My
business is four times over that of last year — I've
doubled the size of my store and doubled my num-
ber of friends.
There's good reason- for this Gibson growth. /
Ask any customer why they like to buy of me. Ask
them why they come back again. Ask them why
they send their friends to me.
j Their answer will give you the secret of my success.
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend/'
Furnishings for Gentlemen.
1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850
B0LDBZB9. BOWES * CO'S SFICIiL 8 A YINO SAIiS
gOLDBEJRG
BDWEN
Jt CO
A r r i v e d
Mineral water
White Rock Lithia ,
• * Poland — still and sparkling
, Buffalo Lithia
Salutaris
Direct shipment in carload lots
Car of Franco American soups and
canned meats -. "¦
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
C o f f e e
Pasha blend-'-ordereJ
regularly by particular coffee 2 lb 55C
iirinK'fr^— ree'lv i'Jclb 7 *
Crescent— reg'ly 25c lb 2 OC
C an ned fruit
•n rich syrup-all but cherries
and berries — reg'ly 20c— 3 for 5°C
2i lb can
M u s K r o o m s
F Lecourt— tender buttons — _
almost import price-reg'ly 25c<:an •^ ot '
S _'w* e e t c o r n
Good quality— - rT_ - Jl
reg'ly ioc can ¦ 3 tor 25c
S a r d i n e s
Ispa— extremely delicate _ r
fish in good oil-reg'Jy 15c can 4 xor 2 0 c ,
M a pi e s y r u p
Hazen— Vermont— sold here for r _
20 years— reg'ly 75C->£ gal can . °5 C
Sweet p i.c k 1 e s
Pin money-simply delicious J pint 2OC
reg'ly 25c— 40c pint 35c
B i r d p a t e
Franco-American-grouse-quail—
woodcock— pheasant— chicken— 2OC
partridge-wild-duck-reg'ly 25c can
Ferri s ' b a c on
It could not be better—cooks _ _ _
crisp— reg'ly 22#c lb . 2OCi
WM - bmhssbV ¦ ¦"¦* ie9 ¦ GO^m^u w^^^H
fP FAVORBTE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.