no_textyard of the hotel, he picked up a dog that
he said reminded him of "Tonopah, tha
best-known pup in Nevada," and I g"!ft
the picture of the discoverer of Tonopah.
Just as his many friends know him home.
ALFttED DKZENDORJf.
HUNTED ys^S po^ goud AfiD P.Tfj^uuy Fpu.^ip r it
f~y TORY! Yes, I've found that
\{^. blamed can} of ynur'n for about
> J tour flays now evf-ry time I git up.
f"^ You think just because I happened
to rrnt-s (hem veins of ore up In
Ti no|iati nnd <]fsrnvered a mine thiit Is
rich frnrn I he graeg ron»i> down thett f
I until to be swUttip! Well, I won't »=ian'l
Jmi (i : \\k |,een trytn* 10 B«t «wny frurn
yuu ffcii^rb ev*r f\oe* I fiiiiimv«-r«?d fh«t
iiiu*'i «nd Fa's my wife, Ph« faoaleft me
Mi?l^h, wbiih it* furned out lo bi the
BriraUit mine on eafih, Yt-ts, I know just
what jou num. You're one of them per»
eiMtitf hind that'e livelier tlmn a aiil iii
(Iip PUfflfflw time, Iteu « « hi to Ihfit
jrnw i'v« boi mliliofii*, and thn( when I'm
litiffle i wear * mit made out of barley
n<kF, aiifll whru | alti't home I futlnd
UlflM nllilOfUl Ihfough ypafe of feiecplhti
1-iiinl ofl lite desert with ttarvatkin Hii'l
tatdcsiiakcF Kijiilnft hip in Hip fare, Well,
I have yrtily neaf slept with rattlu
tnnkrR. but 1 don't mind thrm much. But
1 hain't never come to the starvation
point iPt.
"I'm kind of ekeery of you newspaper
fellows. One or two of 'em In Nevada got
hold of me and writ up things about me
vcariny rough clothes and lookin' like a
Iicbo. 1 don't have to wear 'cm. I can
r.rar a •stand-up' collar any time I like
and FtJll have money to spare. I tell you
Ihc v.eslern central pnrt of Nye County
i rJch. Do you know, young feller, that
up there In Tonopaii there is between six
end seven million dollars' worth of ore In
*!gh» and all ready to be shlppe.l? Do I
CUrry » gun up there, jgu say? Well, 'I
rl.ijiilfl say eo; and I was out eeeing tho
i-it;li».i of FYlisfo lust night with seven or
t itlit fellers (hat 1 wouldn't mind get'
ting In u light plBce with, for any ona
uf us muld ehoot a man'** eyelids off and
never (ouch hl# eye, Thf-rp'* my pet.
Well, hern tQes,"
And 1 ishw through ih» bottom of my
1 1-.-= the shiny bore ft a *IX'Phoc»ter'
whkh Jim Butler had Juit laid down on
Uii poliilifd wood of the bar.
i wag listening in the m>i>\>> of ,\ h.
Hutleri the dlncoverer of Tenopfth, Nye
County, Nfvedh, eald to exetfU In flt?h=
n>rc: the mait famatig ntihihg eampi of
tl<c da>'. Jim tiutlef If r I'uUbIi dlafnond
that hap fallen out of Hb goldPH BPllhifi
tor tt brief while. JU« very pt-eBehce irtkos
}otl lhto thu free and easy life of nature
and NeVadii His Is the type of ctfottg
Eturdlnepa that one can picture clipping
from a bronco In the starlight and Btund
ing to drink In with a glad breath tho
warm, Pplcy odors of sagebrush and
chaparral tliat sweeps over the hllis. Or
in mnro. riotous mood he could lead Alkali
Bui through the first set of a mining
Ciiinp dance with the best grace In the
land. He is ifSt a saint, is a dead shot
und afraid of no living thing. If Bret
Harte ever meets him Jim Butler will go
between took covers in a twinkling, even
quicker than he found bis fortune of half
a million dollars In good gold ore.
He Is nearly 40 now, and ever Bince as a
hoy of 15 he rlcsed out a burro and start
ed on an exploring trip from the ppnt
whfre he waa horn Jn J31 poredo County
hfd llfn has b*<?h that of a prnspectnr on
the f=t(II hunt for gold, And thftt life lum
left hlpi iie open an*1 hlff=heHrtert, a* film=
jilt> and genuine bh the nature that ha
loves. He h&N brought fill his simplicity
«nd unQonventlonallty with him le Ben
FrfiiiPisra, I knew thm when he first
I almost, ran tnt§ his Arms as h§ game
out nt the mum ihuipo parlor from §ee«
lu/T iflrae friends 1 " lls has found that new
friends (.'iHHn him since his dlsceverj' of
millions*; ha has been "discovered," arid'
all the world is ready to buttonhole him
ttiul make reyuesu of him. 1 did it with
mttlidS ttfofplhoUght, tor ¦ thdffi Were
others of ell Boris and designs wa.li.iiig
for "Jim," if you had only known him
oim mihute you' wouldn't call him '"Mr*.
Butler." He Jsh't that kind of a man,:
which makes him all the more refresh
ing amidst tho artificial ring of life in a
city. '
The Blx-Ehootcr episode came later,
when, I was accepting his hospitality in
one of the several Interviews which it
took to wrest this story from him. It
was part of hia genuineness when he told
me that ho didn't want notoriety, and "I
don't see what good my picturo'll do you
and I don't want it in the paper." I Uad
heard that stony before, but |n his case I
believed It, anflalso when he said. t( if
ymj write anything about me that ain't
straight I'll retaliate and give the trim
history nf the favorite mine, for that's
what they m\\ f.he Mispsh, In pome other
fiaper," JIb'b a man that would dp what*
ho paid, pvpn If It wert to keep w promti*
to do you gDQ(\ op harm,
I took that mueh nf him "In on sight,
JubI hb I ennelurteii that it wus a eoiioes*
filon on his port to leave In Nevada his
boots iliHl had hi) .luni shielded the out=
side fif hie trousers. The spot where his.
grayish fliinnel shin met them was guilU
l*r«3 >if a belt and the lwflt*§ly knotted H*.
whleh wiggPHttii another §op id eenven*
tional appearances, whs adamsd. by a
, nugget pin tint! would' ee»in lnte tt fondly
number of gold dollars. It was chained .
with a/gold ettbia, ef which he said, when
¦ he.Baw me Jeokin#,at iti "Yes. 'that 1 *
' pretty heavy, ain't it, but 'I'm* big enough
to pack it." it was big and a relic of.;
'th. .old Comstock )0de ( to the value of ;
three hundred dollars '
lie stood ahd looked at me with an px- ,
presslon of quizzical Jollity on his round i
face with its big mustache.. He took hia i
pipe out of hla mouth and lifted with re- 1
flcctivo perplexity his broad-brimmed hat, i
¦something. between a sombrero, and a 1
slouvh. ' t This disclosed a, round,' shrewd- 1
looking head, which he' immediately cov- 1
erpfl again, as lie stood and looked me. 1
over. , .' '1
"Yeu say you wfttit m# to. tell you haw
1 found the' mints' at Totiotmh and tha
gold that I've looking fat" for hearty
thirty years? Of course once of twica I
have .come lipott what 1- thought were 1
liretty good rinds, but didn't have the
money to' follow them up. Mines are
where they are found. ; Luck Is the com
mon cause of their exposure. So some
think. I think otherwise. ' They tell sto
iles about my getting mad when I was
hunting for the Tonopah mines and
throwing my' hat away one day, and, go
ing to pick it up, finding it hung on a
knob. of solid gold. Those arc all bloody
lies. ' ¦
that was made a present to her. Come
on in and I'll show you a good picture of
her. 7
So/ we made a pilgrimage round through
the corridors till we came to a room fao-
"But I always knew there was some
good ore down there and when. In the
sp'rlng of 1900, I wasn't feeling very chip
per in health and "had a chance to s get
away from my place of Deestrict Attor
ney and County Superintendent of
Schools. I just packed up two or three
burros and lit out from our ranch in the
mountains, a dandy green spot that we
call the Little^ Empire. Down near Tono
pah. ninety miles from our ranch. It's a
blrdseye porphyry country, where the
volcanic action shows, and where the
ledges of bearing sulphide ores are crop
ping out and crossing each other. Here
I struck some rock one day that turned
out later to be the foundation of the town
of Tonopah. I walked right over the
Mizpah ledge, that cropped out plainly.
I took some samples to the assayer at
Candelaria, confident that I had found
what I had been so many years looking
lor. I offered him a good big share of
the product if be would make an assay.
He did not think much of It and I went
home and got busy.
"Three months passed «nd then I went
for my assay. The man had thrown the
samples out behind his shed and they
were laying there yet. I insisted and he
made the assay. And. sir, it went eight
een hundred dollars to the ton. That as
sayer made thousands of dollars out of
his Job. . I went back to the Little Em
pire quicker than I came, and my wife
and both my daughters were as glad as
1 was.
"We got somebody to do the haying, took
little Tonopah. the smartest. dog that ever
Tvai, and Belle and I went down to file
the location!. My wife, Bhe'd lived In a
mining camp a good deal of her life, and
I tell you she knows good rock, and she
knows as much as I do almost about
chutes and winies, stopes and chimneys.
Well, when we got down there we camped
am) ihe hauled the water with the team
from Tonopah Kprlngs while I piled tho
monuments. And we located eight claims
i.n.1 all w« could In sight. And the first
thing I «ild I Kuyn. 'Now you locate a
olslin, Helle, 1 and Hho picked out the
Mlspuh, which whh right In plnln night,
and which turned out to b« the favorite
and the richest claim of all. That ledg*
Is thirteen hundred feet long and two
hundred feet deep now and paying all
the time. Pays all the way from two
dollars to one thouiand dollars per ton.
lhnt was a regular poor man's mine.
"We stayed there till October, doing the
locating and work. Funny how my old
woman named that ledge Mlspah. Shu
hud a woman friend that was always a
writing to her nnd puttin' Mlspah at the
end of her letters. I bellevo that means
eomethin' else in some other language;
Momethln' about building monyments or
tfi'ch like, umo as you do when you Io
cs, to a claim.
"You would like to have my wife's pic
ture, you nay? Look here, young feller,
uon't you git too fresh— Oh, to put In
the puper! I, wouldn't want her put In
tli«. puper and make her look so rough
in I see some of . them Sunday pictures
cJo." He flahed a little wad of white tis
sue paper from his pocket and unrolled
carefully two little photo buttons. He
held them up proudly and I saw that
they portrayed a very flne looking
woman. "Bhe'B a tino looking woman for
her age, and a deserving one, too, I can
tell you. Lm never played for money or
drinks in her life like them bon tongs do
in this town. If she takes a drink it's
right In the bosom of her family. She
lilies horseback fine and she's a great
invorite with all the miners up there."
Ills hand went down into his inside
I qcket again. There was a touch of acar-
U . velvet against his coat, and then there
1 ..shed on ray sight something that hurt
my »>ves. It was a magnlncent diamond
mi burst! ¦
"That's one of the presents they gave
her up there as the locator of the Mlzpah,
und 1 brought It down here to hnve a
chain put on It so that it can't git away,
(ih, I'm a sport! My father wan J. C.
butler and he didn't raise racehorses for
tunning.
"Ain't' it a beauty? Cost six hundred
plunks. She's got a beautiful watch, too.
ire on the courtyard, wr^re sat *n *'i»
trly. cautious-looking' '!»:'«» man. "Thi?
ts my attorney, a lawyer fr >m up thort
hvTcnopah." catd Jin. "There ain't iOTfl
a mighty heap of style about this rootr.
but It's a ntfghty quiet place to get aw iv
from people that want to take care of my
money for mo. for they're all tapping me
like a till round here. Got to go over to
the- Grand riftht now to lend a woman
two hundred dollars. Look at these pic
tures."
He took out some finely finished photo- -y
graphs of his wife and a very pretty girl
In a cloud of white mualln. his stepdaugh
ter. "Jest as fond of me, all of 'em, as
If I was their own." bringing out the pic
tures of a second daughter and a fine
looking young fellow, his son. I finally
persuaded him to let me have one of the
pictures of his wife to put in the paper
on the condition that It should "come out
first class and not make her look rough,
for this' is the first time I'd ever allow
her picture to go out for anybody."
""Well, to go on with my finding the
richest camp in the country," h* said, as
we walked out in the corridor «p'"
"Now, did you ever see a prospector that
wai anything out of the usual to look at?
Maybe not. but they must knew quarts
and formations and reefs and deposits
and many things that mines show. Now,
if I'd been a tailor or a man of some
profession, why, Tonopah would still
have been a s«cret at an elevation of
six hundred feet.' "Weil, after we located
the following winter and spring leasers
came on the ground, and I had a lease to
every hundred feet. They paid me a
good percent on what they took out. That
was pretty good for a man that had been
hunting for gold as long as I had. wasn't
it? But I didn't spread the reports of the
place much then, for I < didn't want fel-
Iowa to get In there and perhaps go broke.
I know what that If, though I am play a
tidy little game, and I always ha-va ways ,
of getting money, but I always have some
of ih- fellows about to take care of whan
I do have It. Why, sometimes I have
sixteen hundred dollars where I can lay
my h.imi on It and at the end of a week
tt la gone. You nee, you got to know me
a long Umo to know m*. Why, there's
one fellow up there that I give about
iivn dollars a (lay to, just to buy him
drinks}
"Then I thnuRht T would m«\\ out an1
kr>«p n big block nf stock and a group of
claim* for myself. Ho I «u.i In Idol to the
Tonopnh Mining Company with u capital
of it million dollars. I believe they hnve
slm-9 been offered a million for one out
of five claims. I kept control of my learns
till they expired on January I. »n« lh«i (
turned tho proprrty over to the pr?»>fll
owners. There uro two thouiand pcopld
or more there now, and the camp Is at
tracting men SJ rant ns It can» so that
nt no distant clay Tonopah will be the
liveliest spot on earth. It now for Its aue
and condition mukes a showing never sur
passed. Yea, I iolrt out for three hundrrd
and thirty thousand dollar*, besides what
I made on my Irnscs. I might have held
on. I suppose, for more royalties and that
sort of thins, but ntncii I have been her*
I don't git a chunce to lnvrat what money
I've got. Everybody wants to do It for <
me. There wns some kind or an Inaur
anco.man here nnd he thought he could
Invest it all for m<i as my agent, but I
toltl him I cursed I could do my own
agency business. If 1 had a nigger min
strel show or something like that I'd have
you for my advance agent, lor I don't bi
lieve anybody could Kit away from you.
What's that feller coming after?" as the
photographer whom 1 had telephoned for
came up the corridor. "Well. If you ain't
the d— est. Well. If you are goln" to tell
the history of the Mzpah. I guess I'll
have to give up to you, If you'll let me
see the picture before you get It in the
paper, and If you don't make my wife
look rouch. If you do It won't be safe
to come rou$d here. Rut you'll be round
again 'bout to-morrow afternoon, I know
you will. Durned if I don't begin to feel
acquainted with you."
Then we marched duwn Into tbs court*
THE SUNDAY ¦ CALL.
2
THE MAN WHO DISCOVERED
THE TONOPAHha\e born more of on "nt home." 1 have
given two of them this winter— one to the
OrbiUantcs and one to two girls. For each
of them I think. I wrote, told or 'phoned
to about a hundred persons. But there
Do I give Sunday afternoon teas? Well
ye* and no. I do not call them such. They
__ - t ../ ¦ ."V.:.. ¦
Mies Catherine Itobinson.
The France Mllltalre publishes statis
tics showing that cases of suicide are
very frequent In the French army; more
so, perhaps, than In any other European
force. Among every 1000 deaths in the
army from all causes*, no less than an
average of fifty (In 1830 exactly fifty and
in 1897 flfty-one) are caused by self-de
struction, while of every 100,000 men on
the rolls of the army 'no less than an
average of twenty-seven commit suicide
•very year. Among the colonial troops
the number is even higher. In the navy
the practice seems less prevalent.
I have always believed 'in the Europcnn
Sunday. Sunday In a dny of rest and,rec
reation. I think It should be different
from other^ days, but not set apart for
raedltatlon"and prayer. I do* not like the
Idea of having society gatherings on Sun
day, though It Is, a proper time for social
gatherings. It Is a pleasant custom to be
at home informally to one's friends, cither
Sunday afternoon or evening, but when
it comes to sending out Invitations for a
large reception, the same 'as any other
day In the week, I don't like it. The
Mrs. Horace Davis.
What day other than Sunday has a
man to call in? Business cares keep
him busy all the rest of the time, and
Sunday seems the most convenient. an>l,
in fact, the most desirable day of all.*
This Idea of having one's friends in to
drink tea and to have a. delightful chat
was a clever notion. One is able to see
cer bo many more people in a single day
than they wouid In a month ordinarily.
A man could not possibly call on as many
of his frir-ndti jiK ar« uathpr*»d together,
and this way make-H It possible for him,
to have a" Jolly time ul] around. What
could xotm Ktrange about it? Is not a
call a ca'.l though called by any other
name? ,
day?" The idea Is Identical, so far as I can
see It. Sunday was chosen because the
men could drop In. Many of them owed
calls; many of them would have called
anyhow. On that particular Sunday there
were probably over a hundred young peo
ple who happened in during the day to
drink tea and have a little chat. Yes, she
had some friends help her entertain
her guests, if you call them such. ' I have
no idea whether teas, receptions or any
thing of that kind are to be popular. • I
have never given it any thought. We
merely had our friends rorne when we
could get them. Does not every one have
some one visit them informally on Sun
day? , ., r :'
I did not have a tea. My daughter had
an "at home," 'or, in other words, a few
friends came in quite informally— a mere
call. What difference is there In* a call
made on Sunday from one made on Mon-
Mrs. William F. Herrin.
Teas? Why, what should a man know
about teas?. Oh, the Sunday ones, you
mean. I never noticed that they were,
any different from any others. Perhaps
they are. As a rule, the houses are not as
crowded as they are on other days, and
one can get about better. That makes
them Jolly, you know. I don't know
whether they are going to be popular or
not. However, put me down with the ma
jority of the fellows and I'll stand for it
You see, 1 am almost certain what their
opinion will be.
Harry Holbrook.
Frank King.
I do not mean to make religion a bug
bear, nor do I mean. to censure anybody,
for each and every person has a distinct
right to his or her own opinion. But let
me say right here that It la this very
looseness of affairs that makes men have
as little regard for women as they have.
If more women were strict church-goers
and attended to certain things only on
Sunday there would be less of that disre
spect which is constantly growing.. That
Is Mainly shown by the awful calamities
thac have happened lately. It is Just such
moral looseness ttfat makes San Francisco
rotten to the core.
The Pharisees burdened religion. They
felt that almost everything was work.
They even carried the subject to such a
length that a serious debate arose as to
whether a man should wear a wooden leg
on Sunday. They questioned Christ when
he healed on the Sabbath. They said it
was work. And for that reason he said,
"Come unto me. ye that are heavy
laden, and I will give you rest." , He did
not mean to burden people with religion.
He meant to make life simpler. When
people give teas or entertain on that day
they certainly do not follow out that
Idea.
The Sabbath was made for 1 man and
not man for the Sabbath; as most people
seem to believe. I do not think It is right
for a man to bring In all his friends and
overwhelm his wife or his servants. In
doing this we take our minds from the
true significance of the day. and not only
our minds, but those of the people whom
we entertain. The Sabbath should be
known for Its extreme simplicity. Life la
too fast. Truly right living is a fine art.
I would not give a tea on Sunday, but- 1
go to them. That sounds something like
a difference with a very fin* distinction.
But there are six other days for enter
tainments, and it does not seem positively
necessary to utilize the seventh. Still, tae
men certainly are an advantage, and in
these days they aeem absolutely neces
sary to society.
Bev. Frank EL Baker.
> Miss Daisy Burns.
You ask a busy man whether he ap
proves of Sunday afternoon teas or not.
I know very little about them, as I have
worked every Sunday for a month. Well,
yes, for several months in fact It cer
tainly is more pleasure to call than it Is
to work. For anybody who has the time,
who has the inclination and who enjoys
them I think It Is all right.
';¦ .* I .'. t
Horace Flatt.
was nothing formal about thenii no deco*
rations and no co/erer. Just punch ant
chocolate, which the girls served and
which took the formality away. The plrls
who helped me receive wore simple little
evening gowns, Just as j you would wear
In your own home If you were expecting
company. Nothing more. I do not ap
prove of a big affair on an extensive plan
for Sunday. We have kept Ip the South
ern fashion of keeping open house on
Sunday afternoon and evening. Any of
our friends are more than welcome to
drop in and have chocolate, so that the
idea does not seem so foreign to me.
Tills fad to give Sunday afternoon
fpas has reached flnn Francisco,
and Hie fiollofi hap takrn a strong
hold with our smartest , set,
Washington was thp rlngleadcf
In this fancy, but this city wac a
quirk ppcond and an apt pupil. Th # e ques
tion of tbe'moment is whether it is right
or wrong to place Sunday on a par with
the week flays. What do you think about
It? Here follows what a number of
prominent San Franciscans have to say
on the matter. With whom do you agre^e?'
I do not approve of turning the Sabbath
into a day of pleasure and recreation, but
the European Sunday Is most certainly
with us In San Francisco. The people who
work do not use It as a day of play any
more than the people o.f leisure do. It la
something that might be called peculiarly
San Franciscan. ifiSf$i
Just as long as the f resent state of bust'
ness affairs lasts people will use Sunday
for recreation. And until tha shops close
at noon on Saturday and> earlier lo tb*
evenings Sunday la the only day that the
working people have that Is their own.
When a man works until 6 o'clock he Is
tired and wants his dinner. After that
he must dress and by the time he Is ready
to visit so much of the evening has passed
that he can, at ' the best, make but one
call.
n«5v. William Kirk Outhrto.
' Sunday afternoon calling Is certainly
very popular with the gentlemen. Judg
ing from the way they are flocking In in
creased numbers to the homes of the
girls on Sunday Just In time for tea bears
out the idea that their popularity Is not
on tha wane. But Sunday afternoon calls
ere not a fad, The Idea Is not new. What
really la new Is tha fact that .people are
commencing to expect more visitors than
they usedHo, Tne majority of homes keep
"open house" throughout the' afternoon
and evening, particularly the (Southern
famllfe?, J do not think that; formal &t
fairs of any kind are mueh fives h«r«, if
•t all. ' V
Joseph Bosborough.
I do not approve of the Sunday after
noon teas? or receptions. But right here
let me say that neither do I heartily dis
approve of them. The main reason why
I do not sanction them is on account of
ray little children. Sunday must be differ
ent to them from other day3. While they
ride their horses and have their books ,
there are numerous things that they are
not allowed to do. and to them Sunday la
Sunday. Thi3 having of teas, receptions
or "at homes," if you so please to caj 1
them, would work havoc with their Ideas.
When one has reached the age of dlscro- I
tion the Ideas of right and wrong may be *
settled by one's self, but until then the
guiding hand must be In evidence. And
so, you see I am not enthusiastic over
tny kind of Sunday entertainment.
Mrs. Henry J. Crocker.
'•I do not mean to make religion a
bugbear, nor do I mean to censure
anybody, for each and every person
hae a distinct right to his or her own
opinion. But let me say right here
thr.t it ie this very looseness of affairs
that'Wakee men have as little regard
fcr women as they have. If more wo
men wfre strict church-goers and at-
r faded ts certain things only en Sun
day thTe- weuJd be Jets ©f that di§r§.
y-i el which is constantly growing 1 ,
That if plainly shewn by the awful
u ibmitiei that have happened late'y.
It is just p'l- 1» moral leeeentgg that
makei San Frtneiice rotten to tilt
£Sffi " 4
*•! do not approve of turning the
Sabbath into a day of pier sure and
recreation."
* Sunday afternoon calling is cer
tainly very popular with the gentle
men,"
"2 have never taken the trouble to
think -whether it was right or
¦wrong." y
"I' fancy they will increase instead
of decrease in popularity."
".I am not enthusiastic over any '
kind of Sunday entertainment."
"I do not approve of a big affair on
an extensive plan for Sunday."
"I would not give a tea on Sunday,
but I g-o to them.''
"Does not every one have some one
visit them informally on Sunday^"
"It is better to keep Sunday differ
ent from the rest the week."
"It is more pleasure to call than it
Is tc work."
"I never noticed that they were any
different from any others."
"This may make it possible to have
a jolly time all around."
SOME SAY ONE THING
AND SOME SAY
ANOTHER.
Sunday afternoon tens. Are they to be
popular and do I approve of them? Why
of course. Why not? Is not Sunday a
good day to call Informally? But you
mean a really, truly tea, where hosts of
people are expected, don't you? I have
never had one on Sunday. Just a few
friends In to drink tea and chat. But I
think they are perfectly lovely Just the
aame.'aa the men can attend. Of course
that is the only reason why Sunday la
chosen; as tho other days are crowded
with business. From the number that
are being given and the hundreds of peo-
I'le that are attending right alone I
fancy they will increase instead of de
crease In popularity.
Miss Marie Wells.
I do not give tens on Sunday, but I go
to them. Why, I have no Ideas on tho
•ubject, bo please ''""'t aik me for them.
Mrs. W. E. Lester.
young people of this generation have little
ctiutiKti reverence at fee§t, ami It li better
to krrp Sunday different In sorrta reipeets
from the rent of the week. • *
All that I know i» that tho notion to en
tertain on a largo seals If comparatively
new here, but It looks n* though it hod
grown popular. Itcally, a* far ul us
concerned, I am entirely neutral, ami
really 1 have nov^r taken the trouble to
think whether It wn» right or wrong. But,
¦•'1 told you, I do not give them, but I
attend them nil the name
THE SUlNDAV CALL;
3
SHOUL WE GIVE
SUNDAY
AFTERNOON
TEASM. Paderewski was becoming eloquent
In defense of his work. '.'If I were to
make an analysis I could show a likeness
in the method among the greatest of com
posers. For instance, look at Schumann's
"Yet the first theme is not the same.
The second theme is not the same, the
orchestration Is not the same.. I defy £iny
one to throw that anything except this
one little run is borrowed. Yet for this
detail of method the prelude is con
demned."
"Music, you see,, is "different from
poetry. It appeals to the ear. A sound
or* a combination of sounds in a work
that only have' to do with the method,
may remind one of some other music, and
the whole is set down as | not original.
luex. us look at the prelude to the third
act in 'Manru.' That has been criticized.
There is one run, a little run, that re
minds one of 't>ie Walkure.' I knew it. I
tried to avoid it, but could not. Others
heard it and they talk of the suggestion
from '£>ie Walkure.*
M. Paderewskl was evidently deeply in
earnest. "A' piece of music must be built
like a house or a church," he went on.
"You would not accuse an architect of
being a copyist if he put windows in a
hcuEe, would you? And yet he Is merely
doing what others have done.' Likewise,
when you read the works of the great
pcets, you would not accuse Browning or
Longfellow of plagiarism if they used the
same style of verse as some one else?
Their thoughts you would consider and
not so much their method.
"But there is no such thing as stealing
a theme in music," h^ continued. He was
now aggressively defensive. "In music
absolute originality does not exist. It Is
the temperament of the composer* that
ir,f kes his work. In method one cannot
help but follow those who have gone be
fore. When a great genius like Wagner
introduces a method that will give better
expression to an idea it is not only not a
nin to -follow it, but it is a duty to follow
it. In employing such a method it con
cerns not to much the idea as its treat
ment in a musical way."
ame," he said. It was evident that one
of the composer's guardians thought the
interview was becoming too prolonged..
"I am coming." 6aid M. Paderewski. He
arose.
"You wished to say something, I sug
'gested. ¦ ' - • .
He turned back. "Yes." He waited to
make certain of his words. "Some one
has thought that 'Manru' was not all my
own," he said. Some of the learned ones
in America who had found suggestions,
reminiscences and likenesses of former
masters in his work had wounded him.
"They have said there were suggestions
from Wagner."
"And not from him alone— from others,"
said Mr. Adllngton. • ' -
¦ "His best work Is done at his summer
home, the Chalet Riondbosson, - on Lake
Geneva; There he generally goes for four
or five months in the year. He will arise
at 9 or 10 o'clock,, work at composing or
at the piano until about 1 o'clock, then
take his first meal of the day. He will
again work until 6 o'clock, "and then take
a walk in the garden or a swim, for he is
a fine swimmer. Then- there will be a
dinner at 8 o'clock, and afterward light
amusement. " But whether he is at home
or on tour it ia always work." ¦¦'£&$$?&%
"He will sit there until 8 o'clock." said
Mr. Adlington. "Then he will -dine. Then,
maybe, he will have an hour of billiards.
Then he will practice again. What time
he will go to bed I do not know. It ia
work, work, work, all the time. He
wasn't feeling very well last night; was
nervous, didn r t fenl like sleeping, and kept
me up till 6. o'clock this morning, and
even when I went to bed he was still
stirring. He is always at the piano or
composing.
."Sometimes the mood" for composing
Will not come for months at a time, but
.when it comes he writes music as quickly
as you would write a letter. . Then he will
go over what he has composed and try it
on the piano. Then he will lay. it away,
and after a while take it up and go over
H again. He polishes and retouches every
thing he composes three or fous times,
and never lets anything go until Tit suits
him. . -
"And 'Carmen.' Can we not find here
an enormous influence exerted' by Gou
nod? And it not only reminds you of
Gounod, but some of the themes, as sung,
are taken wholly from Spanish music. .
The 'Habanero* is not even Bizet's, but in
all the scores that are published is shown'
to be taken from a composer who waa.
alive when the opera was written."
M. Paderewski let the subject rest there.
"How do you find time to. compose and
how do you work?" I asked. :
"It Is not really" , ,'
What he would have said was stopped
'by a knock. Again it was "madame"—
this time imperative. ¦ M. Paderewski
looked at. his watch. He 'had been talking
about his opera almost three-quarters of
an hour. He again took my hand in his
crushing grip and went out. A few 'mo
ments later the piano in his room was
trilling and executing a delicate run. ; .
"Beethoven .was not free from the influ
ence of ' other masters, for in his works
we often find the suggestion of Mozart.
And witness also- the first concerto of
Chopin. Is it not suggestive very strongly
of Hummel? .
concerto in A minor. The first theme i*
taken almost wholly in method from Men
delssohn. And Wagner in his first period,
and even well into the second period, is
not entirely original. One may easily find
the influence of Weber and then of Meyer
beer. , . . • .
"Oh, yes. It was finished and ready
about two years ago. I tried it. I thought
it would do. Then my friends produced
it at Dreesden.' and you know what has
happened since." ;
"And you wrote lit over about three
tirr.es?" said Mr. Adlington.
"Yes; about three times. 1 '
"And you spent . eight years upon it?"
I asked, i
"Not all of •eight years," he said. "It
was about fifteen months in all. You can
not do two things at once, you know. If
so, one must suffer. So I do not compose
when I am on my tours. I must then
practice all the time."
M. Paderewski lighted another cigar
ette and carelessly threw aside the holder
of the spent one, which many a fair ad
mirer would have considered almost price-:
less.
"But there is. one thing I would like to
say," he resumed. He was again inter
rupted by a knock.
Mr. Adlington went, to the door. "Mad-
These photos were taken at
the first production of "Man
ru" ever given and have been
kindly loaned to The Sunday
Call by Will L. Greenbaum of
San Francisco.
"The mvl of a gyosy must, respond to
rmiPio." he said. "Music is part of the
life of a jrypsy. He sine* as a «~hild He
plays always' rn<] anything.. He knows
not a note of music as you would know It
nnd yet he plays the grandest music. See
ths man on the stage In 'Manru' who
plays the cymbals. He could not read a
note of music, and yet In a few days he
had learned to play as he should in the
epera." ¦
"But your work upon the opera?" I said.
M. Padf-rfwpki was l*-anini? forward in
h«.<= chair. Tbore was just the Suggestion
of a dreamy Ugbt in h5s eyes, the wrinkles
had pone out of liis brow, and there was
a tow* cf color in his usually colorless
face. Ht> n-a-: taikin? of (something that
. "Yes." ho continued. "The one striking
thing, as I thought, in the opera was ihe
fact that it vra-; the music of his people
tliat nff>ct»d ilanru. It r.-a.s not the love
for the woman. She tri<»d to make him
leave his wife, but he would not do so
for. her. Uut the irukIc of his people
toufch«"J him— r»aclif>d hi? heart."
#'Yes, but there was much more to be
done." he continued. "We then found that
the second act would not do. It was not
strong enough with the first act as it was
So I worked a long time on the second act
and wrote ihat again. It was then that 1
first introduced th* violin on the stage and
made prominent Jn the work the music
which drcy«' iianru back to his gypsy
people. ¦
"Then I found that I must change more,
because the third act did not suit," and
M. Paderewski paused again. "Perhaps
it was good, but it was not dramatic.
The f-oncert on the stage was not then
in this act — the climax where the orches
tra and the chorus carry the air which
was played on the violin in the second
act. And this was the striking thing."
There was a knock at the door and M.
Paderewski flopped.
"Madame." paid the valet suggestively.
"In a moment." said the comooser in
French. His train of thought had been
irlcrriintod.
"There was one striking thing," I ven
tured.
*'6o we had to make it three acts. Of
course, that required much writing. Then
we tried it end we found that the first
act would not do. It was not dramatic.
Bo we had to change that. The mother
was not in that act at first and we in
troduced the mother. That strengthened
it much, but. of course, it was necessary
to change all the music."
"That must have simplified matters," 1
IntPrrupted.
The composer paused a moment. "But
it would not do," he said, slowly. I asked
why. "It was pronounced good music,"
he replied, "but it would not do for the
stage. It was not dramatic. It was then
in two acts, and two acts suggest the in
termezzo so much." He. paused again.
"And I do not think that the intermezzo
has any place in opera.
"But that was not made so strong at
first," he continued. "It was not de
veloped in the opera as it was first writ
ten. Mr. Nossig worked upon 'Manru'
and I worked upon it in the times when
I was not upon tour, and it was about six
years ago that we had it finished. Then
we took it to Dresden and had it tried."
"Was it his suggestion that the chief
theme should be the racial instinct instead
of the love for a woman?" I asked.
"No; that was mine." A psychologist
would have been interested In the empha
sis which the composer placed on this. It
was significant, that a descendant of Poles
should have been so earnest to let it be
known that he had discovered and evolved
this stirring theme.
WOUL.D one be a mazier of the
highest art that humankind can
boast? Would one aspire to
take his place on the heights of
fame where rest Verdi. Rossini
and Wagner? Then one must work, in
season and out of season, work! Wealth
may come beyond one's dreams; men may
flatter and court, but etUl work!
That Is a lesson I learned from the
latest aspirant for a place among the ope
ratic Immortals. I asked M. Ignace Jan
PaderewBkl one day recently how he
¦wrote his opera, "Manru." which abroad
«tnd In America has achieved a flattering
success. And he told me.
Years he had dreamed of it. -while he
•was acclaimed as a master of Interpreta
tion. 6ix years he worked upon It, fifteen
months' actual time he epent upon it,
writing and rewriting, trying over and
over, putting la new effects, until at last
be was ready to present It to the world.
"Manru" probably will not be his last
opera. lor there is more work In the
fcturdy, patient, aggressive man who is
Just now in the prime of life.
I had last seen M. Paderewski in an
hour of Bupreme triumph. A brilliant
Metropolitan Opera-house audience, repre
tenting the wealth and fashion of New
York. and. therefore, the aristocracy of
America, had heard his "Manru" and ac
claimed him a worthy member or the se
lect coterie of composers of grand opera.
Some had all but worn out their hands
with applause, and others had fairly Bplit
their voices with "Bravos." and again
and again he had gone before the curtain
to bow his acknowledgments.
An able lieutenant- is Mr. W. Adlington,
who has been "sole agent" for M. Pade
rewski since he concluded he could best
forward his own plans by being his own
manager. Any request for a part of the
composer's time must pass the scrutiny
of Mr. Adllngton and receive the approval
of lime. Paderewskl.
It was Mr. Adllngton who came to the
lobby of the Manhattan Hotel when I Bent
a card to M. Paderewskl, after having
written a letter asking for an interview.
It was necessary to promise that two
minutes would be sufficient, and because
the promise was given Mr. Adlington led
the wav to his apartments.
Then M. Paderewskl came in. He wore
his accustomed black frock coat and he
was smoking his usual Russian cigarette.
M. Paderewski has reached the prime of
his manhood— he is about 42 — and his
frame is set ruggedly, while his face has
taken on decisive lines. Two deep
wrinkles between the eyes are marks lelt
bv his musical creations. He is a man of
the world, who makes those whom he
meets feel at home with him. He gripped
my hand with a grasp that any athlete
might envy, for the hands that wield such
mastery over the piano are like steel. He
offered* me a cigarette, and waited to be
questioned.
"Americans like a man who has made
himself," I said. "When a person a:eom
pliches a great deal they want to know
how it is done. They have heard your
"jlasra* and they want to know some
tning about its creation."
M. Paderewski was Interested. With
him "Manru" is a living thing, a favorite
child of his artistic soul, a creation in
which for the present his life is centered.
"It was very long ago when I began."
he said. "And, of course, I have not re
membered all ab<jut it."
"How long?" 1 asked.
"Fully eight years," he answered. Eight
years ago M. Paderewski had tasted th<<
nreets of triumph :±s tin interpreter of the
mus:c of others. As a pianist he had been
the rase of Paris, had crossed the chan
nel anu conquered England, and had fur
ther extended his conquest to America.
"Before that I had thought of writing an
opera," he continued. VI t was then, how
ever, that I began. I was not proficient
in verse, though 1 believed I could write
the music, so 1 asked my friend
NoEEig to write the words for me. He
knew the novel of 'Manru,' and he sug
posted that the subject be taken from
that."
Ihe Great Pianist Tells
How He Wrote "Manru"
and Answers Some of
His Critics.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
THE OPERATION HIT
OF
NEW
YORKwith a strong bas relief In marble of a
painting by Rubens, "The Entombment."
Above the altar is a large mosaic repre
senting "The Last Supper," the original
of which, done by Cosimo Rosselli In the
fifteenth century, is in the Sistine Chapel
at Rome. The copy in the Stanford .Me
morial " Church is the first and only one
ever permitted to be made. Above or be
tween the windows of the apse, which
represent the crucifixion, the burial and
resurrection of Christ, is a Gloria Del An
geli.
Extending around the entire apse, just
above the altar and on a line with the
windows, are a line of heroic figures in
mosaic, representing John, Jeremiah,
Ezekiel, Samuel, David, Elias, Moses and
Isaias. The rich colors of their robes are
the more effectively brought out by a
background of gold.
Twelve niches with designs in gold and
mosaic above them contain lifesize figures
of the twelve apostles in pure 'whit© Car
rara marble, six on either side of the al
tar. They are majestic and beautiful crea
tions and were brought from Italy, where
they ¦were carved by the sculptors. Sereg
ni and Bierneri. Each statue weighs a
ton or two, and the windows and statues
in the church alone represent an outlay
of hundreds of * thousands of dollars.
There could be nothing more beautiful
than the altar of the Memorial Church
and its surroundings.
Facing the apse at the northern extrem
ity of the nave is the choir loft, where
stands the grand organ, with seats for
•150 singers between its two sides. The
keys of the console, or key 'board, below
and facing the singers, have electrical con
nection with the 3000 pipes of the organ.
This grand instrument has forty-six
stops, contains thirty miles of wire, and
•has the handsomest front ever placed on
an organ. Like the rest of the sacred
edifice, ' veneers nor shams have no part
in Its construction.
Could no loftier th»me be found, its
first notes might well be sounded in
praise of the stately and beautiful crea
tion In stone that surround.3 it
study in perfect detail, are large mosaics
.in rich colors and gold, which latter effect
s enters largely into the color scheme of. the
interior. The transept galleries, of carved
"stone and steel, have railings carved in a
•Chaste design that are said to represent
the finest work of its kind In the United
States. The finely executed stone work in
the church has been under the direction
of John D. McGilvray, but the magnifi
cent mosaics came direct from Italy. It
is doubtful if more, elaborate decorations
In mosaic can be found in America. This
part of the decorations alone represents
. on outlay of over SSO.OCO..
Over all this sculptured beauty is
thrown- the dim religious light of forty
seven stained glass windows, designed by
Charle3 : and Frederick Lamb of New
York. -These windows were on exhibition
at the -Pah-American Exhibition. The
colors in them are so arranged as to give
the : most beautiful effects from the inte
rior of the church. 'They are pronounced
by critics to be the finest work of the
kind that America has produced.
Twenty of these windows, many of them
In. the transept, galleries, are single figure
.panels representing prominent characters
of the Old Testament. Twenty-seven of
them, are taken from the Tissot series of
paintings, representing scenes In the life
of Christ from his childhood up. Their
fine coloring Is nothing short of wonderful
in beauty. .
To ' the left of the apse Is the lectern,
or pjilpit, of stone, heavily carved
in appropriate designs— the cross, lilies,
-etc. .This is a fine example of
rich church • accessories. ; Broad white
marble steps lead - up toward the
altar of purest whit© : Carrara marble,
which is surrounded by the richest deco
ration of . the whole edifice. Upon the
white altar rests a striking group in mar
bl&-a copy of the holy family, by Thor
waldsen, a group that compels the devo
tion of the beholder by its pure strength
and beauty. •,.;.>''":
-. Uniquely designed candelabra will shed
a. soft light upon the altar, which is faced
Hew CstFtcg IP ?h?s Mcs* -.RWy Sn-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
architect was Clinton Day of San Fran
cisco.
From the tower shine the four faces of
what is the finest tower clock on the
coast. The bells of the chime are four
in number, and their sweet notes 'are
heard every quarter hour,- both night and
day.* At night the faces of the clock, aro
illuminated by electricity, by a self-regu- '•
lating device. The machinery of the In
strument is Inclosed In a glass case, and
the whole is reached by a winding stair
case. The bells were cast at the famous
McNeely Foundry, In Troy, N. Y. The
chimes are a duplicate of those on ih;
Parliament building In London.
Heavily carved doors lead into the wide
vestibule of the church, with marble floor
and groined oaken ceiling. From this
spoto the magnificently proportioned inte
rior springs uppn ; the sight, and with its
Moorish arches and the lace like tracery
of its carvings Impresses one as truly a
poem in stone. In the center of the nave
four huge flfty-|wo-foot carved arches
supporting the tower, with a clear span
of forty feet, mark off the softly lighted
space beneath the dome.* From the crown
of these arches springs a cove ceiling, done
in the most richly colored mosaics, with
lifesize figures of angels in different atti
tudes. Above, the ceiling narrows to a
thirty-two-foot open circle above the fres
coed celling of the true dome. The height
from the floor to the apex of the dome Is
106 feet.
The vaulted ceiling of the nave is beau
tifully carved in wood, upheld by copper
finished binding rods and light and grace
ful hammerbeam trusses. The ceiling is
seventy feet above the floor, which is of
the richest Moorish tiling, with a sllgh'.
Incline toward the apse.
The carving on the arches and columns
is exquisite, and it s> foliated beauty gives
to each of the memorial arches . the deli
cacy of being surrounded by a wide fold
of lace. The capitals of the larger arches
are surmounted by carven cherubs of
most wonderful workmanship.. Over the
arches of the doorways, which ara a
T3 dedication of the memorial
church at Stanford University,
¦which was to have taken place
to-day, has been postponed until
Easter Sunday In order that
every detail of the interior may
be complete. This memorial to the late
*?erarp<' Leland Stanford is In many re
spects the most beautiful church " build
ing in America. It Is a monument not
only to those to whom its memorial
arches and windows are inscribed, but to
the taste and lavish generosity of Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford, who planned herself
the entire Interior, decorations. The
church has been in course of erection for
nearly three years and has cost nearly
half a million dollars.
Dr. Heber C. Newton will deliver the
dedicatory sermon and Professor Brooke
will direct the music to.be given, which
a large choir has been rehearsing. The
building is imposing from any point from
•which one may come upon it; particularly
so from the archway entering the famous
quadrangle, where the eye meets the
north facade, broken by the memorial
rose window^ and overshadowed by the
belfry tower, surmounted by its golden
cross. From the ground to the tip of this
cress is a height of one hundred and
sixty feet. The Romanesque architecture
of the building, which is not rigidly fol
lowed perhaps in all the details, is well
brought out from the south view of the
church, taking In the apse and the wings
of the transept.
The material cf which the ¦church is
constructed, both inside and out. is buff
sandstone, the exterior rough hewn, and
that used In the Interior carefully sur
faced. The ¦wings of the transept have
their on entrances, and the four gables
cf save, transept wings and apse are
united. by an Imposing' twelve-sided bel
fry tower, of which the base has an out
side gallery. Gothic flying buttresses
spring below the tower on each side, and
the four corners of the tower are flanked
by turrets rising from the angles between
the gables. The church Is cruciform. Its
thS Uatg SeriatOF.U^Tatid StariFor^.
5
THE MEMORIAL CHURCH
OF STANDFORDJames Blair, General James Reddlngton,
Benjamin Hartshorne, Captain James
Seymour and William Norris. Captain
Blair was general manager and Mr. Nor-:
ris was. secretary of the company. This,
combination, or trust, for it was a trust,
controlled the entire' shipping business of
the country, and realized millions of dol
lars. Yes, it was far. more profitable than
the most productive gold mines of those
days of gold. • , ¦
"In 1850 and 1851 the bay and rivers were
full of boats," continued the captain. 'In
1S51 I built the C. M. Webber, another
'steamer sent out lnsectlons. ,A. B. Row
ley was engineer and Captain Lamb waa
in charge. I then, went to Philadelphia,
leaving here in- May, 1851, returning in
November. Within the next few months
I built for myself and Captain William
Kohl a sloop for the Sacramento trade.
We named her the Bianca. Captain John
Hutton was commander. She was 70 feet
long, 18 feet beam and 6 feet hold. '• I next
built a side-wheel steamer - called the
Uncle Sam for ' Captain Turnbull and
shipped her to the Colorado Hiver. She.
was the pioneer boat in that river. • He
was a Government contractor,: I believe.
Early in 1853 I built the Pike for Captain
E. J. • Weeks. She was built and launched
in twenty-eight days. She waa then taken
to the site of W. T. Garratt's brass foun
dry, where her-machinery was put in' by
Gordon & Stein,- who then had a machine
shop there.- . i
"l.then laid the keel for" a side-wheel
steamer for: Charles Minturn, ¦ which was
the i first .ferry-boat built . In San i Fran
cisco. ¦-. She was 120 feet long,' 24 feet beam
.and 7'feet hold. George Coffee put in the
machinery. The engine was low pressure.
I launched her in .sixty, days from the day
the keel was laid. She was strongly.and
well built, and though; I paid $9 a day for
laborers I could .not to*day duplicate that
boat - for the same cost.' * She | was named
the . Clinton and -ran; as ' a ferry to Oak
land,: going '.up the- creek' as far as- San
Antonio. : She lasted for many years and
was as good work as I ever . turned' out;
My next work waa the Louisa Harker for:
John Ortley, , for the Alviso , trade. I
also put up a - dredge for Mr."Mlnturn,
the machine being In use at Stockton un
til ' a few years ago and perhaps yet. , '. My
.shipyard at that time was at the foot of
Third street.. In 1854 I built the Kate L.
Heron for myself s.nd others. We put
her in the -Stockton trade; also the Flora
. machinery was put In by -George K. Glu
yas. She was named the Georgiana after
,the Georgiana Slough, which connects the
¦Sacramento with the San Jpaquin, because
she was the' first steamer that went
through that slough from one river to
the other. - . • : ¦. ' •
."The rirst. trip was made in April, 1850.
¦' During: that season I built two sloops for.
freighting on those rivers, and later on 1
built two other sloops with water tanks
,in them, to supply the shipping with fresh
water, which was mainly obtained from
Sausali to, there being many fresh springs
in that vicinity. These sloops, our orig
inal water . company, ¦were named Clara
and Emma. About, the same- time I also
built the Blbop Klttura for the Sacramento
trade, and in the fall of ; 1850 the Game
Cock, "a Hgfit-draught . stern-wheeler, to
run up to French Camp, on a slough ot
the San Joaquin. ¦•¦' .-She was only. sixty feet
long, sixteen feet beam' and three feet
hold. | She Had no cabin. . I built the sloop
G. W.^Aspin wall. that year and two email
freighting- sloops for Macondray & Co.
"Othership yards had bien established
in this city and. the harbor, rivers and the
bays were well; stocked with all sizes ot
craft to 'suit the especial demands of the
' growing^: commerce. -' While the vessels
¦ were small, as you see by the descriptions
. I give, It was because of our, lack of:fa
cilities., and' as we had none": of the im
proved machinery/: of ' the . Eastern yards
I think ; we did well.. ,:, ' ' -
- "About.- this, time' ; there .wag an .opposi
tion line; .on -the., Sacramento route, and
things,' were", very ; lively. The-, rate iwas
$30 .for a: ton of freight and- $30 for a pas
senger, and the. "boat's had as much as
they could do In both freight and-pas
senger traffic, but the. down trip 'was
usually light— only/ passengers, who-- were
coming from the mines on "business, and
pleasure — sometimes •- more ¦ for pleasure,
for they spent money freely, in 'those good
old • days. Finally r the - rate war" reduced
the passenger charge to as low as $l,;nnd
the same for a ton of frelghtl- But the
'war 1 did not last; long.' .The 'California
Steam Navigation Company -was i. formed
in 1851, and' bought -all of ' the" opposition
steamers and consolidated them into one
,llne. Captain W. H.- Moore and " Captain
J. G. . North , owned a few steamers and
these were the beginning of that company.
The members of this great company were
Richard Jessup, .Captain ¦ James Whitney,
Samuel Hensley, C. W. Gunnell, Captain
8 feet hold. The machinery waa built br
the RIsdon Iron Works of this city. 1
also built about the same time two
freight barges for the same company. I
also built* at Stockton the Mary Garratt
for the California Steam Navigation Com
pany. And now," said Captain Mar
cucci, "from this time, 1869 to 1877, I quit
boat building and was engaged in other
business. In 1878 I left the city again for
the East and went to -Venezuela to sea
my mother. I. returned here In the early
part of 1S79, and at the request of W. T.
Garratt took the position of superintend
ent of the California Steam Navigation
Company's line and subsequently became
one of the directors and vice president of
the company. I held this position for
about two years, when, owing to a com-,
bi nation against Mr. GarratVs lnterestSTV
which I represented, I was squeezed out. '
But very soon another combination was
made, Mr. Garratt again got control ana
I was reinstated.
"Well," continued the captain; "in 1S8>
the California Steam Navigation' Com
pany and the San Joaquln Improvement
¦Company consolidated, and formed the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company. In this new company I waj
given a subordinate ' position. The naxt
year this company bought out our Inter
est and I was again out of business," said
the captain, smiling at the many changes
of the current. "In 1S90 I made the plans
for the Dauntless and the Captain Weber
for the Union Transportation Company of
Stockton. This was my last boat work.
"In December, 1S20, I was appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury to the posi
tion of assistant inspector of hulls of
sieam vessels for the port of San Fran
cisco. I resigned this position on the 1st
ot January, 19oo, two years ago, because
of my advanced age. I will be 75 years
old on the 23th day of April next. I have
retired from all business, and, though I
take good care of myself, I feel that my
body is growing weaker as age advances.
While my life has not been one of great
adventures, I ' have had many reverses,
but I never gave up. : 1 always depended
upon myself, believing that by hard-work
one must succeed. I have seen San Fran
cisco grow, from a small town to Us pres
ent size, and the boat building industry
Increase from the primitive shipyards,
with their crude materials, to its present
dimensions. It is • a long, .long time in
one's Hfe," concluded CapAin Marcucci.,.
changing his musings of tna past to th*
future,. as he again referred to his retire
ment from an active .and busy life.
j.M. SCANLAND.
FIRST BOATBUILDER ON THE PACIFIC COAST
Temple for - myself and Charles Me- (
Laughlin for. the Sacramento trade. She t
was 130 feet long, 28 feet beam and 7 feet 1
deep. She was a- side-wheeler with one
engine. . , , ; . i
"In the same . year;*' continued Captain i
Marcucci, referring to his memoranda, 1
"I changed the old brig Columbia into a i
steam propeller, and towing boat for a l
man named .'Holmes, who called her the U
Abble Holmes. She was used f 6r water- . :
ing ships and stored water in tanks lo- i
•cated . at tne '¦ fast of Washington street. '
George >IC Gluyas' put in the machinery. <
About this . time boat' building became '
dull, the rivers and bays being well sup- I
plied, and I. went into the coal business, '
my office being on the south side of Mar- j
ket street, opposite.: Sansome.. I did not >
succeed and sold out. In May, 1856, I de- '
cided . to . try . my luck mining and
started out tfor Shasta County, stopping '.
at what was-called Horsetown. I worked ¦
ar hydraulic mining for' about two years :
with no success, and returned to San '
Francisco financially stranded and with
one of my hands crippled from a prema
ture blast. I then concluded that I knew
nothing about mining and would there- '
after work at a business- 1 knew some
thing about," said the captain, smiling at !
the recollection of his sad experience. .
"In 1S58," said the captain, - "I went to* *
work at the Government yard at Mare -
Island, on the old sloop-of-war St. Mary. '.
Though I had met , reverses I knew the '.
only way was. to go to fiard work again,
which I have : always done, . and ; I • have :
seen some discouraging times in my ¦ long :
.career in this- city. In the ' summed of ,'¦
1838' I quit working at Mare. Island, and
began again at San Francisco. Here I
laid thekeel for a sldewheel steamer 120
feet long, twenty-four feet deep and seven
feet hold for Coffee & RIsdon. ' She had \'
two high pressure engines, fourteen inches -.
.bore, and two cylindrical tubular boilers.
The engines ; were; built in -this i city by '.'¦
• Devoe &' Dinsmore. She was named the
Princess, and . put ¦' In the -Sacramento
trade in opposition - to j the California
Steam 'Navigation Company. ¦ .
VI, next -built the Rambler, a sldewheel *\
steamer of nearly the same dimensions,
for Mr. Lunnerton. She .was put in : the
Petaluma . trade. ... She . carried.- one single
. high pressure engine, of the same size as 1
that of. the Princess, and which was aiso
built by Devoe & Dinsmore. In the early
days of mining the principal freight was,
of course, supplies for the mines, but by
this time the kinds of freight had largely
increased.
"In 1860, with my yard again at the
foot of Third street, I built the lumber
schooner Fannie, and, later, the barken
tine Monitor for the lumber trade, also
the sternwheel steamer for Captain Mills
for the upper Sacramento trade, and sev
eral-barges for that trade, which was
now being opened up with considerable
activity. Another " vessel was a side
wheeler for Pope & Talbot named the
Cyrus Walker. -Captain Bullene put in
the machinery and took her up to Puget
Sound to tow logs to the lumber mills,
which were then being established at
points on the coast convenient to boat
building. I built in 1865 the Reliance for
the /Alviso Transportation Company,
which was composed of James lick, A. B.
Rowley and others. She was a propeller,
120 feet long, twenty-six feet beam and
nine feet deep, with one high-pressure
engine. * The engine and the two boilers
were built In this city at the Paclflc Iron
Works. I next built the Pioneer, a stern
wheeler, for tne Sacramento trade. The
engines were built by the Globe Iron
Works at Stockton, and the boilers by the
Coffee & RIsdon Works df this city. The
Pioneer was built at the foot of Second
street, on the Tichenor ways property,
for I had then moved my shipyard to this
point. In those days we moved our ship
yards to the most convenient point on
the waterfront, or at any point. wher,e a
man wanted -a boat built. We had no
modern machinery for launching a boat,
and the launching was done by workmen
pulling at the /ropes. In 1868 I built the
Santa Claus for Goodall & Perkins— she
was a propeller with twin screws, 130 feet
long, thirty feet beam and ten feet hola.
The engines were built by John Lockhead
of this city. ' ¦
"In the same year I built the Brisk for
Banker W. C. Ralston. Lockhead also made
the machinery, including a Lockhead pat
ent boiler, which was not a success. As
there was not room enough to put In an
old-style boiler, I hauled her out, cut her
In two In the middle, and put In twenty
five feet to lengthen her.. I then- put in
two tubular boilers, but— she was never
very brisk and belied her name," said the
captain,' smiring. "In 1869 I built the Val
lejo for the California Pacific Railroad
Company to run. to Vallejo. She was a
propeller, 130 feet long, 28 feet beam and
passengers — miners from .the diggings
coming; to town on business and pleasure.
The charge was $30 for a ton of freight
and the same for passengers. Miners from
the 'diggings' paid their fare in gold dust,
the purser keeping scales for weighing it
I; paid workmen in my shipyard jy a day,
but. the price soon afterward advanced to
$16 a day, but the work was good. We got
our timber where we could nnd itf-some-.
times it floated down the bay and lodged
at the 'Long "Wharf,* and later we Went
across into the country and cut it with
whlpsaws, as there were no sawmills here
in the. first days of shipbuilding. : •
"Tba next work," continued the cap
tain, Vwas the steamer El Dorado. She
was. sent from Philadelphia by the Pa
cific-Mall Company.. She sailed here,
rigged as " a three-masted schooner, com- .
ing through the Straits of Magellan, and
arrived in November, 1849, 1 put guards
and a cabin on her which had been made
in Philadelphia, and, the machinery being
placed, she was completed on the 1st ot
January, 1850, and placed oh the San
Francisco and Stockton route. She.had
only one engine. Edward Thomas was
the first engineer and A. B. Rowley, who
afterward built the Alviso flour mill, was
the'second engineer. I do not- reaiember
the dimensions of this boat. My next
boat was the keel of a small side-wheel
steamer, sent out by the same company,
and named the Georgians, She was 73
feet long, 16 feet beam and 4*4 feet hold.
The keel was laid on February 22, 1850. 1
launched her with steam .up and she
started on her trial • trip at once. . The
In San Francisco or on the Pacific Coast—
and ehe was the first to run on' the bay
from San Francisco to Stockton. Joseph
Alderman put in the machinery, Price and
Kendall built her cabin, Hugh May; was
the engineer and Isaac Warren was cap
tain. This boat was named the' Captain
Butter, in honor of the man who first dis
covered gold in California. She wias 90
feet long, 18 feet beam and 6 feet hold.
She had a single engine, 13%. inches bore
nnd i% feet. stroke of piston, with an old
style firebox tubular boiler. She was a
good, etroner boat, bat not very fast. The
freight was carried in the- hold, and:. the
boat was always heavily loaded on the up
trip, but came back light, carryingVmly
/-y APTAIN DOMTNGUKZ MARCDCCI
| / Is the pioneer boatbullder of the Pa-
I /« ciSc Coast, and the first to establish'
\Ls a shipyard In Ban Francisco. Cap-
tain Marcuod Is now retired from
business and lives at bis pleasant home,
2011 Golden Gate avenue. He Is a well
preserved gentleman, nearins his Beventy
fiftn rear, above the medium height, of
¦tronc build and compact frame and has
a larre head and mild, expressive eyes.
His general features denote a man of en
ergy, strong will power and a determina
tion to succeed.
Zn speaking of boatbuilding; In the early
days, the captain said: "The contrast be
tween then and now Is very great and no
doubt It will seem amusing to shipbuild
ers of the present to know what kind of
craft w« h&d In those days. Before com
ing to Ban Francisco I had worked as an
apprentice In the shipyard of Mathew
Van Duzen at Philadelphia, who was a
very good man — one of the best. I began
In 1X40. when I was 13 years of age. I was
born in Venezuela and came to Philadel
phia from that country. I arrived in San
Francisco on September 18. 1849, on the
steamer Oregon. She was built In New
York, and was one of tire three steamers
built for the Paclflc Mail Steamship Com
pany — the Panama and the California be
ing the others. There came with me Ja
cob Albertson, a boatbuilder; Jacob Price
and William Kendall, ship joiners; Hugh
May, Joseph Alderman and Nat Thomp
son, engineers, and Captain Isaac Warren.
I came out with the intention of estab
lishing a shipyard here, and was employed
to put together a small sternwheel steamer
which had been built in' sections in Phila
delphia and shipped here on tne Oregon by
George W. Asplnwall, brother of H. As
plnwa.ll of the Pacific' Mail Steamship
Company. The day after our arrival we
landed the material of that steamer and
began to put it together. My shipyard, as
it may be called, was on the beach Just
south of Folsom street and east of Beale.
the water came up to those streets In
those days.
"Well, to get back 'to the first boat,"
said the captain. "In about two months
we had built that steamer— the first built
Jule. Into the sidebar where .it's standin'
in the dark onder a shed; an' "then, hook
in' up old bobbin a heap surreptitious, I
gathers the reins an"' we goes softly P'&t
in' forth for Hickman's gander-pullin''
shindig. "'•,,. !;/ ¦ * - .
/'.'As we-alUs sailin' thoughtlsssly along
the -; trail. Dobbin of a sudden ups and
bolts. ¦ Sech bursts Is omprecedented ' in
the case , qf Dobbin — who's that sedate
he's jest alive— an' I'm shore amazed. But
I yanks him up a lot an' starts anew. It's
twenty rodsi when Dobbin bolts ag'in.
This time I hears a flutter an' reaches
Jule some to see if her petticoats
is whippih* the wheel. They ain't; but
Jule— who esteems said gesture., in the
nacher of 'a. caress—^seemin' to favor the
idee,^ I-, lets my arm stay 'round. A mo
ment, later. -an' this yere villain Dobbin
bolts the' third time, an' as I've sort o'
got my one , arm tangled up .with Jule a
heap, he lams into a oak tree.
" 'It's then, when we-all is plumlyto al
halt. I doeaheara flutter. At that/ gets'
down to investigate. Gents, you-all may
jedge of my horror when I finds 'leven of
my shawl-neck game chickens roostin" on
that sidebar's reach! They're thar when
we pulls out. They've retired from the
world an' it's care for the night, an', in
our ignorance of themSchicken's domestic
arrangements, we. nacherally takes . 'em
with us. . Now an' then, as we-all goes
rockln' along, one of 'em gets jolted off.
Then he'd- hang by his chin an* beat his
wings; an' it's these yer frenzied efforts
he makes to stay with the game that
evolves 'the fluttering I hears.
" 'Jule— who don't own chickens an' who
ain't no patron of cockfights neither— is
for settin' the shawl-necks *on the fence
an' pickin' 'em up as we trails back from
the gander-pullin'. •
"'"As long as It's dark,'i says Jule,
"they'll stay planted; an' we rounds 'em
up tos easy on our return."
" 'But I ain't that plumb optimistic I
knows these chickens an' they ain't so
somnolent as all that. Besides it's a
cinch a mink or. a fox comes squanderin'
'round an' takes 'em in like gooseberries.
'Leven shawl-necks! Why; It would be a
pick-up for a fox!
" ' "You're a fine Injun to take a girl
to a dance!" says Jule at last, an'*she's
full of scorn. . '
" ' "Injun or no Injun," I retorts a heap
sullen, "thar ain't no gander-pullin' goin'
to je'stify me In abandonfn' them 'leven
shawl-necks, an' me with a main to fight
next month over on the Little Bloo!"
".'At that I corrals the chickens an' im
prisons 'em in the r'ar of the side-bar,
an' goes a weavin' back for camp. I picks
up three more shawl-hecks where they
sets battin* their he'pless eyes In the
road, as I returns^
"/But I shore hears Jule's views of me
as -'a beau! They're hot enough to broil
meat! Moreover, Jule tells all Sni-a-bar,
an' I'm at once a common scoff an' jeer
from the Kaw to the Gasconade. Jule's
old pap washes out his rifle an' signs a
pledge to plug me if ever ag'in I puts my
hand on his front gate. As I su'gests, It
roolns my social' c'reer in Sni-a-bar.
44 'While I'm ground like a toad that
a-way beneath the harrow of this double
setback of the drum an' Jule, thar's a cir
cus shows up an' pitches its merry tent
at Sni-a-bar. I knows this caravan of
yore— for I'm a master hand for shows in
iny . yooth, an' allers goes— an' being by
virchoo of my double troubles ready to
plunge into dissipation mad an' swirlln'
midst, I ea'nters down the moment them
wagons shows up; an' after that, while
"AS IS FREQUENT WITH. ME," SAYS DAN; "I P.2Cnro:TS I'LL STSTITG ITT CHIPS WITH CHEROKEE "
""Which I reckons now," says Jule, glvin'
me a look, "if you'd aeked me I'd been
fool enough to go." Of course, with that
I'm treed; I couldn't flicker, so I allows
that if Jule'll caper back to the house. I'll
take her yet. . . <x .;
"We-all gets back to my old gent's an'
I proceeds to hitch up a Dobbin hoss we
has to a sidebar buggy, it's dark by now,
an* we don't go to the house; jior indulge
In any ranikaboo uproar afTout it, as I
figgers it's better not to notify the old
gent. Not that he puts the kybosh on
this yere enterprise; bur he's powerful
fond of talk, an' his long, suit is never
wantln' you to do whatever you're out to
execoote : that a-way. .; Wherefore, , as I
ain't got no time for a. fintf debate with
the old gent over . technicalities/-; I puts
Copyright. 1902, by Robert Howard Russell.
fM HIS yere." remarked the Old Cat-
I tleman. at the heel of a half-hour
j lecture on life and its philosophy,
| "this yere is a evenin' when they
gets to discussin* about luck. It's
doorin' the progress of this . dis
pote when Cherokee Hall allows that luck
don't alternate none, first good an' then
bad. but sort o' travels in bunches like
cattle or in flocks like birds. 'Whichever
way she comes.' says Cherokee, 'good or
bad. luck avalanches itse'f on a gent a
whole lot. That's straight'.' goes on
Cherokee. 'You bet! I speaks from a
volooircinous experience an' a' life that,
whether up or down, whits or black, ain't
been made of nothin' but luck. Which
nifVherally, bein' a kyard sharp that a-.
way. 1 studies luck same as Peets yere
studies drugs; an' my discoveries teaches
that luck is plumb gregar'ous. Like mis
ery in that proverb, luck loves company.
It shore despises to be lonesome.'
" 'Cherokee, I delights to hear you talk."
says Old Man Enright as he signs up
Black Jack for the Valley Tan. *Thern
eloocidations is infant to stiffen a gent's
nerve an' do him good. Shore; no one
needs encouragement nor has to train for
a conflict with good luck; but it's whon
he's out ag'.inst the Iron, an' the bad
luck's, swoopin' an' stoopin' at him, beak
an* claw, like forty hawks; that's when
your remarks is doo to come to his aid
an' uplift his sperits some. An' as you
says a moment back, thar's bound in the
long run to be a equilibr'um. " The lower
your bad luck, the higher your good luck
when it strikes camp. It's the same with
the old Rockies, an' whereaer you goes,
it's allers a never failin' case of the deep
er the valley the higher the hill. A-s I
observes, these yere reflections is mighty
consolatory a lot.'
f 'As is frequent with me.' says Dan
Boggs, after we sets quiet a moment,
meanwhile tastin* our nose paint some
thoughtful— for these outbursts of Chero
kee's an' Enrighfs calls for consid'ra
tions—'as is frequent with me.' says Dan,
'I reckons I'll string my chips with Chero
kee. The more ready, since throughout
my own checkered c'reer— an' I've done
most everything, 'cept sing in the choir
luck has ever happened bunched like as
he asserts. Which I gets notice of these
pecooliarities of fortune plumb early.
While I'm simply doin' no^hin' to provoke
It, a gust of bad luck pounces on me that
a-way, an' I gets thwarted in a noble
moosical - ambition, rooms my social
standin', an' busts two of my nigh ribs all
in one 'week.
" 'I'm a colt at the time, jest about big
enough to break. My folks is livin' in
Missouri over back of them Sni-a-bar
Hills. By nacher I'm a heap moosical, so
I ups— givin' that genius for harmony ex
pression — an' yoonites • myse'f with the
"Sni-a-bar Silver Cornet Band." Old
Hickey is leader; an' he puts me to play
the snare drum; the same bein' the sec
ond rung on the ladder of moosical fame,
an' one rung above the big drum. Old
Hickey su'gests that I start" with the
snare drum an* work up. Gents, you-all
should have- heard me with that instru
ment! I'd chore light into her like . a
storm of hail!
the impression we-all makes. If we goes
to a balk or a break-down, that "Sni-a
bar Cornet Band's" got to go back an'
play in the woods. ,':¦' '
" 'It's not needed that I tells you gents
that we-all Is plenty on^aige. Old Hickey
gets that perturbed he shifts me onto the
big drum; an' Catlish Edwards, yereto
fore the custodian of that instrument, is
given the snared This play comes ! mighty
clost to breakin" my Heart; for I'm ambi
tious moosical, as I states, an' it galls my
soul to see myse'f goin' backwards that
a-way. It's the beglnnin' of that bad
luck. Thar's no chance to duck the play,
however, as Old Hickey's word is law, so
I sadly buckles on the giant drum., ~
"v'We're jest turnin* into the picnic
ground where this yere meetin's bein'
held an' I've got thoughts of nothin' but.
my art— as we moosicians says— an' ele
vatin' the local opinion of an* coricernin'
the meelodius merits of the band. We're
playin' "Number IS" at the time, an' I've
got my eagle eye on the paper that tells
me when ta welt her; an' I'm shorely
leatherin" away at that instrument to beat
a ace-flush. "*'. . • *
" 'Bein' I'm new to this yereibfg drum,
an' onduly eager to succeed, I've got all
my eyes picketed on the notes. It would
have been as well if I'd reserved at least
one eye for scenery. But I don't; an', so
it befalls that when we-all is in the very
heart of the toone, an' at what's it's no
exaggeration to call a crisis in our des
tinies, I walks straddle of a stump. An 1
sech is my fatal momentum, the drum
rolls up on the stump an' I rolls up on the
drum. That's the finish; next day the Sil
ver Cornet Band by edict of the Sni-a-bar
folks is re-exiled to them woods. But I
don't go; Old Hickey excloodes me, an'
my hopes of moosical eminence rots down'
right thar. *
" 'It's mebby two days later when I'm
down by the postoffice grettin' the weekly
paper for my old gent. Thar's goin' tc
be a gander-pullin' by torch light that
evenin' over to Hickman's Mills, with* a
dance, at the heel of the -hunt. But I
ain't allowin' to be present . none. 'I'm
too deeply chagrined about my .failure
with that big drum; an' then ag'in, I'm.
scared to ask' a girl to go. You-all most
likely has missed rioticin* it a heap— for
I frequent forces: -inyse'f '- to be gala an'.
festive in company— but jest the same,
deep down onder jny belt, I'm bashful.
An' when I'm younger I'm worse. An*
I'm bashful V>eshul of girls; I soon dis
covers that it'seasier to face a gun than
a girl, an* that. the ; glance of her- eye is
mere terrifyin' than- the glimmer of- a
bowie. That'/ the way I f eels! { It's ; a
fact; t remember a time .when my moth
er, gettln 1 ' plumb desp'rate over my.hoo
mility, offers me a Morgan "hoss if I'd
go co't a girl; on which o'casion 1 1 feebly
urges that I'd rather walk a whole lot.
" 'On the evenin' of this yere dance an*
gander-pullin' I'm pirootln* about the Cen
ter as I tells you, when I meets up with
Jule James; Jule bein' the village belle.
"Goin' to the dance?" says Jule. ; "No."
says I. "Whyever don't you; go £' asks
Jule. "Thar, ain't no girl weak-minded
enough to go with me,"; I replies; "I
makes a bid for two or three r but ger.s
the mitten." This yere last is a bluff.
" Tor a. spell the "Sni-a-bar Silver Cor
net Band" used to play In the woods. This
yere Sni-a-bar commoonity is a mighty
nervous neighborhood— an' thar's folks
whose word Is above reproach who sends
us notice they'll shoot Eome If we don't;
so at first we practices In the woods. But
as time roes on, we Improves; an* at last
we plays well enough so we don't scare
children; an' then them Sni-a-bar people
consents to let ua play now an' then along
the road. Of course, all of us vlrchewo
•oes Is locoed to do good work, so Sni-a
bar would get reconciled an' recognize us
as a commercial factor.
- 'At last It comes. Well do I recall the
day of our first public appearance. It's at
a political meetln' an' everything, so far
as ww*r» concerned, at leaf t, depends on
" 'This yere leapin' comes first on the
bill. I ain't been in the ring yet; the
tumblin' business Is where I makes my
deeboo. I've got on a white clown soote,
with big red spots : an' my face is all
flour. I'm as confident of makin' a hit
<as a wet dog. I shore allows that when .
Jule an' old Hickey observes my graceful
agility an' then hears me\\ warble "Roll
Jurdan, Roll," I'll make 'era hangi their
heads an' wish they was dead.
" 'The tumblin' is about to begin. The
band's playin', an' all us athletes la
ranged_ Injun file, along a plank down
which we're to run. I'm the last chicken
on tile roost. At last It's nay turn.
" 'Even unto this day, it's a subject of
contention in circus clrklea as to where X
hits that springboard. Somi claims I hits
her too high up; an' some vays too low.
For mysVf , I'm plumb ignorant on the
p'int. All I saveys la the fact. X files
down the plank like a antiuopel I hears
the fckirl of the drums! I jumps an'
strikes the springboard I
" 'It's at this Juncture things go«s
queer.' To my wonder I don't turn n»
nipflap. It's Ilka & draw shot Jn bUHa-rd*.
I plants my mocassins on that spring
board; an' then instead of going on an'
over a cayuse who's Btandin' thar await
in* seen events. I nacherally shoots baok
'ard about fifteen foot an' lands In a> oon
foosed an' ondistinguishable heap. An* aa
I strikes the plank. I shore smashes a
brace of my ribs. f
" 'For a second I'm sort •* blurred ta -
my intellects. Then I recovers , an' a*
I'm bein' steered back Into the drestdn*
room by the foaterln* hands of the ring
master so' my paxd, the down, ov«r in
the audience I hears Jule's laugh as her
old pap allows he'd shore give a hoss If
I'd only busted my neck. Also. I catches
a remark of old Hickey: •Which that
Boggs boy allera was a edlotl* say» Old
Hickey.' "
or two?" '"
'" "Shore!" I says. V. . .
. " 'I feels as confident as a kangaroo,
that a-way! Which I never does try It
none; but I figgers that all you has to do
i3_hit the springboard an', nacherally,
that springboard does the rest. That's
where I'm barkln* at a knot!
begins.
" ' "Dan," he croaks, plenty dejected,
"I wish you'd clown up an' go in an' sing
that song."
" 'This yere madrigal Is easy; It's "Roll,
Jurdan, Roll," an' I hears it so, much at
nigger camp meetin's an' slm-lar distrac
tions of my yooth that I carols it in my
sleep. As the clown throws out his bluff.
I considers awhile some ser'ous. I feels
like fnebby I'ye cut the trail of a cunnln'
idee. When Jule an' Old Hickey an' th«
balance of them Sni-a-bar outcasts sees
me in a clown's yoonif orm, tyrannizln'
about, singin' songs an' leadin' up the
war jig gen'ral. they'll regret them opin
ions they so freely expresses an' take to
Btandin' about, hopin* I'll bow. They'll
regyard knowin' me as a boon. With,
that, I tells the clown to be of good cheer;
I'll shore render that lay, an' his hoarse
ness won't prove no set back to the gay
ety of nations.
." 'But I don't sing the song none after
all; an' I don't pile up Jule an' old Hickey
an* them sports of Sni-a-bar neither In J
any all 'round jumble of amazement at
ny genius. \ y - %
" ' "Of course, Dan," ¦ says the ring
master when we're in the dressin' room,
"when the leapin' begins you-all will go
on with the others an' do a somersault
' . x-jBsiffSi
that circus stays, folks who- wa^its to see
me, day or nisht. nacherally has to coma
to the show.
"•The outfit is one of them little old
jimcrow shows that stays a month; an'
by the end of the first day, me an' the
clown gets wropped up in each other like
brothers; which I'm like one of the
fam'ly! I fetches water, an' he'ps rub
hosses an', speakin' gcn'ral, does more
nigger work than I .ever crosses up with
prior endoorin' my entire life. But know-
In* the clown, that a- way, pays for all;
seen trivial considerations as pullin' on
tent roDes an' sureadln' sawdust disap
pears before the effulgent- honor of hia
a'quaintaace. It's my knowin' the clown
that leads to disaster.
. ." This yere merrymaker — who's a
•Jocund wight.' as Colonel Sterett says
gets a Heap drunk one evenin' an' sleeps
out in the rain. This makes him hoarse
as bulllfroEs^ He ain't able to sing his
song in the ring. It's jest before they
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THIS STINT) AT CATVL..
6Ohvlouely the ©live growing le a most
durable industry In I his country, for It
utilises dry, reeky tracts of land with
*t-auty soil,, In "which nothing else would"'
thrive, and with llttla cultivation and n©',
fertilising )>l<Hiiii<rp till iibtituinlit Hint
VrthiMltln crn». ¦¦
The area of land devoled to olive grow
ing Ih ooiMtaMly on the inureasa In thli
Bute, gfovca being found In Alamedn,
«untit Clam, , Napa nnd Bonomit coumitjs,
nnd in tho oouhtry itround Btterament«,
MiBhlon Han 'MuryBVillo, Orovlllo,
Auburn, l'ouryn, Los Gatiw, liunnl, Nlka
and Cloverdale, to suy nothing of'Boulh*
ern California, where n large portion of
the soil Is well adapted to the olive. /
The oUve trtc, ones thoroughly i-««tab-.\
• .r ¦' -¦• ¦ .' ,
llshed, Is extremely hardy and will sur
vive'neglect, poor treatment and unfavor
able conditions. Indeed, it has been sug-
geated that. olive trees are like women—
tho worse': they are treated, the better
they' behave.'. Hardly anyfrosV heat "or
. ¦,•.•/¦/<.,?«"¦• — ¦: : • ¦¦•¦ : •¦¦'\;'
In Europe it Is common to grow olive
trees from seed, for ' seed trees ar»
stronger and better able to withstand
¦harp frosts. But In the mild climate of
Predatory birds and hungry men have
no, u«e far the olive, much to the satis
fitctioii of Its grower, and owner. Sue,
hardy and Immune from attack as thu
grown; olive ia, the tyming tree required
considerable care and attention for the
first three or four years of U* life eape*
dally when raided from suckers, aa is tho
almost universal practice to California.
burning will kill th« tr««§ c* destroy
their preduotlvenesB. They tiava n& ene«
mlee.' thu fruit being 10 bitter that the
btrdg of th« ftlr do not peek at tt, and
the wsjiderinf tramp leaves It un>
molested,
iutn v, The tirai ,,'U, r-.-i Htugta fare
for a j.iunipv nf about SSO mtUt* tg tlO'),
Latterly «liH (Kimpany ti.i-t baued *« « ¦•-.u
tickets ttv.tii.tt.it. for "in. yenr at th« fol
lowing rates: Fur four return Journey;*,
1473; for eight return Journeys, 1183, mid
for twelve return Journeys, i ..;.. Nutur^
ally the inn.* of » ti" i" tiokotii i > very lint*
Ited, se fur nuly four hnvlnff been deliv
ered, but (ipt'ii'-iiii'ni for a nnii hi i been
made, They are not printed, but written
out on a pleco of carub'jufu', four ltichca
by six inches, folded In twu; en one elilo
the date and naniQ of holdor are inserted
and the other la divided in squares, whoro
tbe beginning and end of each Journey ta
filled In by the station masters at th«
Ume It la performed.
EXPENSIVE RIDINQ.
Tim most oxpensive season ticu.it t
in t ii« w.iri.i, perhaps, ar« thoa« t ¦<¦
miftt by the Congo Railway Cnm>
ous. picking begins early and continues
late.
For oil of the highest quality the ber
ries are gathered in November or De
cember; but if quantity rather than qual
ity Is the object, the picking may be put
on! until February or March.
The havestlng of. the olive crop on the
San Fernando ranch has come to be one
of the typclal scenes of California life.
Every day in the picking tteason a horde
of Chinamen are turned loose In the big
orchard. They are armed with boxes,
bugs and rakes. Standing on ladders they
y:at>p the branches on which the berries
hung iii thick as leaves, and with the
i.fli.f strip' the brunches, of the plump
green fruit, which drops Into canvas bags
hung across their nhoulders. From the
hags tho olives are dumped into picking
bases, which are carted away at* tilled.
At all times care must he taken not to
bruise the berries, an hrulHed burrica are
llahle to ferment and must bo rejeotud.
This dally scene on the big Kan Fernan
do ranch Is repeated on ¦ wmHller sonla
in in. my othe! 1 p«rt» of California for (he
"live industry haa come to have third
i'i.<> c In horticultural Importance
The riiiimtr of certain portions of the
Htata is very elmilar to thnt nf ihe i:own«
tries horrterlnff on tli« Madltprrttneun, und.
the olive riiiiirihima in the Qouniles nrautid
Han KrHiiPlHco Hey, In the vslleys of Iha
i'.h nun. -Kin and H«n Jonquln rlvi-iu Mini
In tha foothllli nf iha gltrrnn up to a
ItKlKht of stow feet. That fillvei t««y
fnint? to tnHturlly, they mum lmv§ « cer
"'in Dumber of degrcea of h@nt from the
blooming of the tree till the flfBt froit.
The irtn|.<-iMiiiio during the winter must
not Ra bfilow 14 4eHi'ecs, and inew niUBt
not fall more than four or five times &
y*ar, or,retimln on the ground for longer
than tv/o or three days at a. time. Wlum
thcKe cuudltiohM aro presont, up lhc>» uro
In many pnrt» of California, tho olive will
grow in almost any Bull, ovcu umuiie
stones and rocks, and without lrrlgatioh
or fertUlsation. Within reach of a sea
breese the ollva thrives with particular
Vigor.
Work on a California
Olive Ranch,
the Largest
of Its Kind in the World.
THE largest olive ranch In the
world is one of the big things of
j California.
J[ This, too. when the olive Is one
of the chlrf horticultural products
of those countries bordering on the Medi
terranean which were old before America
»as ever dreamed of.
That the ranch which outclasses all oth
ers in elze. is filtuated clo*i» to where the
olive •was given Its first trial In California
eoll by the mission fathers Is a Justifica
tion of the Judgment of those, pious pion
eers.
Down near Ran Fernando a plat of
twelve hundred acres whs net <o olive*
eight years ago by the L,os AnKel<» Olive
Onrwers* Association. At olive trees in
g tl!|ji country become profitable in from
three to flv« yrur» after the cuttings
an- planted, the ranch ho» passed from
the Mage of promise to tho stage of muk
¦*« good.
For a mile or more the road runa past
tha orchard, the lonr, straight rows of
men, ons hundred to (he uere, Blrutchit.ff
linn- to the foothills.
Just now thn trees ure *trnirgly and III
¦hupcdi The. busy h.nvrhl time of the
olive grower i ¦• i u,h in November And end*
In February < J f March. On this ranch the
< lu Hi i vurMlt-s jiirdfiniiiihtu, and tha
mirn «ti, s i but u t> w wi-iiin ago were
Ijrrit Hlnoat t» Iha riinii.i1 with, their
wi Ijitit «f i t . i u \tt-rr\rn have been rellBved
nf tin* li«td«n Mtfd (sfnm MMiKui'iiii to rp«
i h!m lift trim nhMjin Hint delights the eye
•if the bortieulturiRL ThliJ linwever, • nn
uii lie without the aid of the pruning
pant. .''¦•• tor n em tim tt.ru muHt
<U .. .iH.i.i. iwi.iy the wortt for the
uvy rf tip limy ylpjtlttlj the more bo be»
cut «i." bcrtici ntn usually taken from
littllH'lu-K With riliflll lakCS.
iii ¦ ¦¦in' prn'p of the imhik the trees tire'
I.) h^avy with the fruit, the quantity
of oil Iim ii :!*!np as long- as tho brrry re
tnnins* on the tree. When the crop Is
light picking Is sometimes deferred on
this account: but In favorable seasons
like the present, when the crop U tr«oer-
France produces about nine million gal
lons of olive oil and Imports a good deal
as well, while Spain produces about
twenty-three million gallon* and con
sumes most of it. More olive oil Is im
ported Into Mexico than Into the United
Btatea, though America has seven or
eight times the population of her sister
republic Thla fact, however, may In
¦ume measure be accqunted fur by the
enormous growth of th» Industry la thta
ccuntry.
With the Anglo-Saxon tho tast* for
olives and olive oil 4s a cultivated one,
but araonc tho Lctln races tho love of
the olive tiecma natural. In Southern
Europe many a peasant makes a meal on
a handful of the dried berries, a chunk
of bread and a cup of wine, and flails
that he can do hard work on It, too.
For pickling the ManzarJUo and Mis
sion olives are excellently •suited, as also
Is the Spanish Regalls or Queen olive.
The olive expert prefers ripe olives, which
ere of much the same color aa a black*
heart cherry, for pickling; but the aver
age person has grown so accustomed to
cntlr.K green olives that dark ones do not
soil well. So to suit the taste or lack of
taste of the great public, the berries for
pickling are gathered in a green state,
before tho oil has begun to form, for any
discoloration renders them unattractive
to the eye and less marketable. To
pickle them, tho berries aro placed In
wooden vessels and covered with a strong
solution of lye, where they are left for
twelve hours. After being taken out they
are put Into fresh water every twelve
hours for nine or ten days, to tako away
tho taste of the lye. But aa even after
long soaking the bitterness remains they
ure passed twice through strong brine.
In the last water wild laurel leaves are
often placed, as they communicate a
pleasant flavor to 'the berries.
After the virgin "II has heen expressed
the pulp In put tack into the press, hot
Wttter hrltitf lul'I'd tO hrl[t ttio flOW Of
oil. The product of the eocond pfnim
commands a much tower pries In tha mar
krt. Th« pulp la gent rally subjected to a
third pressing, another press and other
bags being used, en that the apparatus
used for the flrtcMt oil tnny not acquire
any flavor of old pulp. Tho third pressing
yields oil nf a low cr;ulo, which la sold to
manufacturers of soap, or Is used as an
Ingredient in illuminating and tubrfcatiug
oils. Oil improve!i with airo and may be.
kept for a Ion? time without deterioration.
Even after the third and hint pressing the
pulp has socclo value; It Is dried and used
as a feed Cor cattle, as fuel or as fertili
ser for the soil. Nothing Is wasted on a
well managed olive ranch.
There are oil presses of various lrfTTfls.
differing rather in construction than prin
ciple, as may be seen by comparing the
quaint and primitive affair still in exist
ence at the home of ILarnana. In Ventura
County and the latest Improved machinery
of the big Los Angeles concern. Tha
pulp is placed In a round mat of about
the diameter of a wagon wheel, or in fiat
circular bass m^f of sacking. At the
bottom of the press there is a strong
wooden grating on which rests a fiat
round iron plate with holes m it. One et
the pulp bags Is put on the plate, on- the
bag is laid another plate, then another
bag, and so on until six or seven bags are
piled one on top of another. The first
pressing Is gentle and Blovr, yielding what
la called virgin oil of the highest quality.
As it Is very readily contaminated by con
tact with Inf ertor oil or extraneous matter
it is conveyed to another part of the es
tablishment and let aside for about a
month, so that tt may slowly deposit ita
Impurities. Gray or white filter paper
may bo used to obtain the dearest oil;
or tho process may be performed more
rapidly by passing tho oil through* cotton
butting. The vessels In lphtch the oU 1*
[>!.i< M mn-it be scrupulously dean, so as
to avoid injury to the drtlrncy of tt* flavor
or tho brilliancy of Its appearance
At the mill the berries are ground to
pulp by passing them under rollers in such
manner as to avoid crushing the pits,
which contain little ofl and tend to lower
the high quality of the product.
But, tfopngb- pickling the berries la on
M«?fy and Quicker method of t. m> ""IT *n
Income from the treea, pressing th« ber
ries tor oil la the more profitable. VThea
the berries are, Intended for this pur
pose they must be thoroughly ripe when
picked, for the oil does not begin to
torm until the fruit ripens.
Pickled berries bring about U per gal
lon, the cost of picking and preserving
being hardly one- third of that amount.
There are numerous varieties of olive.
After examination of a half-hundred or
more the Lcs. Angeles Olive Growers' As
sociation selected the Mission, the Neva
dillo Blanco and the Manzaniilo for the
big San Fernando ranch, these being the
best oil producers. The Mission olive
ripens In December and contains 24 per
cent of oiL The Manzaniilo matures In
October, and yields 30 per cent at oil of
high <iuality. The berry U of fair size
and is much used for pickling. The Neva
dillo Blanco ' ripens early in November,
and produces 21 per cejit of oiL Thus the
product is fairly divided between, 1 oH
glvmg and pickling 1 varieties.
the California foothills there Is no fear
of excessive cold and it Js not necessary
to raise trees from the seed. Trees grown
from cuttings become productive in three
years. In the fourth or fifth year they
axe in full bearing', while tree3 raised
from seed do not produce until they ar«
ten or t-welve years of age. The Euro
pean alive bears a little fruit at fifteen
years, but does not reach tta fall pro
ductiveness till It Is thirty-five years aid.
In California two gallons af ail have been
obtained from trees only t"wo years old,
and as many as thirty gallons have been
produced from the c_ron of a tree only
six years old. The San Fernando orchard
is expected to yield twenty gallons per
tree, or 2000 gallons per acre, this season.
A single tree in Southern California,
standing apart from the rest, has a record
yield of 13) gallons of berries in & single
season.
Tiil^ S U JS DAY CALL.
7
CATHERING
THE OLIVE
CROPIIjlK SUNDAY CALL.
8woman— the daughter, of one of the oldest
arid wealthiest families of New Orleans
she was a lady in its truest sense — and
had her hands -full in regulating a batch
Df hoydens— of which my guilty recollec
tions place me in no inconspicuous light. '
When we were all seated in the Immense
study hall, rather In the open— lest the
desks should hide some mischievous
merry-making, the directress entered
while we stood; then some little mite
would give the signal and the y young
ladies were seated. The nun presiding
never addressed us other than as "young
ladles." The class consisted in the main
jewelry was allowed save a very small
brooch and one plain, inexpensive ring, so
that we were all on perfect equality. No
one among the pupils knew who was
wealthy or who was being educated for
sweet charity's sake; neatness was im
perative, and in passing out of the study
hall to the class rooms each day, the
hands had to be extended, palms up, and
the fingers doubled in to show the nails. A
pair found in mourning received a little
tap of the ruler as a reminder.
But, back to the "polite class."
In this country, where- fortunes are
made in a day, where the son of a la
borer has a chance of becoming the na-
of lectures on courtesy. The deference
to be shown by young people to those
older than themselves,' and the manner
of interchanging courtesies among the
pupils. This woman, rarely cultivated,
and extremely handsome and dignified of
bearing, was a magnificent specimen of
cultured, refined womanhood, and was a
foe' to anything like snobbishness. The
pupils, were permitted only the plainest
of good wearing school dresses, and no
teenth century It was only used to
designate a bell which wa3 struck at cer
tain periods of time indicated by the hour
glass. Sundials or "gnomons" were the
first instruments used in measuring time
and there is but little doubt that the long'
granite pillars which we call obelisks were
used by the Egyptians if not as actual
sundial hands, at least for some astro
nomical observations of the movement ot
the sun. Clepsydras or Water-clocks and
sand clocks come next In order. The How
of sand through a small orifice is an ac
curate method of measuring time, for the
exit of the sand is always regular; but
water is influenced by the laws of hydro
statics; when the vase' is full the water
runs out faster than when it is nearly
empty. Candle-clocks, or tapers on which
were colored bands indicating how mucU
was consumed in a certain time, were also
used, and their invention is attributed to
Alfred the Great; but this method is even
more susceptible of error than the pre
vious ones. In most large cities a public
record of the flight of time seems to have
been kept by some method or other. In
128G St. Paul's in London paid a salary to
an orologiario, who kept a record of time;
and in 1371 we find one employed at West
minster Palace to attend to the clock.
The first portable clocks are attributed to
a German named De Souabe, and are sup
posed to have been made in 1300; but it is
not till 1480 that we find mention of a
clock made so that "he might carry It
with him, to every place whither he might
go."— Jewelers* Review.
Clocks of Past Ages.
THE word clock, derived from the
French gloche, German glocke, sig
nifies a bell, and up to the four-
In the convent where Elx years of my
girlhood was spent, once a month a large
installment of the Thursday holiday af-
writing, arithmetic and dicta
tion. Politeness from pupil to teacher—
not humble subservience, but true, soul
ful, genuine politeness, and courtesy be
tween them in even' relation— and extend
ing in turn to each and every one of the
associates.
By KATE TH YSON IYIARR
T V "\ ERE * the autocrat of the
\ A / sch ° o1 system, a code of ethics
Y on politeness should take the
*" precedence of even reading.
AN ARGUMENT
FOR
THE STUDY
OF
ETIQUETTE
And where does the home instruction
come in? Is not the home the proper
schoolroom for such lessons?
Such instruction as the public schools
have to give along these lines should be
covered in the earlier years, while the
child is passing through the primary and
grammar grades.
Nor do I think that it should be. High
schools Vre mot for the purpose of teach
ing good form. They are intended for the
purpose of teaching English and mathe
matics 'and chemistry and many other
similar and dissimilar branches, but not
morals and manners.
Of course, it is customary to give inci
dental lesspns in politeness. When the
rules of good form are infringed upon by
a pupil, that pupil is given instruction on,
the subject. But- as for teaching polite
ness as a special branch, that is not re
quired in the course of study.
Morals and manners are not taught as
a special - subject in the high schools of
this city, and I do not think it would be
advisable that they should be.
BY FRANK MORTON—
Principal of Lowell High School.
As for spending any more time that» is
already spent in the teaching of polite
ness, I repeat that I consider it out of the
question.
I believe that children will acquire much
by imitation. Our teachers are ladles and
gentlemen; their example helps largely to
make the Children ladies and gentlemen
likewise.
The home is the place where manners
should be taught. Tou say that many
parents are incapable of giving such in
struction. True enough: but here we get
into a deeper problem which is economic
rather than educational. My' answer is:
THE HOMES MtST BE MADE BET
TER. When this Is accomplished, when
the slums are elevated, then the school3
will not be expected to give much time
to morals and manners.
All of our teachers give such Instruction
as this by precept and example, but as
for going far into the usages of polite
society, it is impossible. I do not believe
that It would be In any way feasible to
teach table manners in the public schools.
There is no time for anything of the kind.
As far as is possible, politeness la
taught in our chools. The time that can
be devoted to such lessons is limited; that
is why still broader results cannot be
achieved. Morals and manners cannot be
taught to the exclusion of the three R's.
Most of the lessons in politeness are given
incidentally— there is no time for much
more. For instance, a boy comes to- school
with his shoes unlaced. He i3 given a
lesson then and there on slouchy habits.
Deputy Superintendent of School*.
EY DR. W. B. HOWARD—
CONDUCT LESSON
AS SEEN IN
A REPRESENTATIVE
CITY SCHOOL
By SARAH COMSTOCK,
The teacher is a woman who lives
through a twenty-four hours' day and at
tempts to accomplish in that time the
work of twenty-five. However,- the "sug
gestions" are made and it is up to her.
This is practical work. Theoretical work
is given in all the schools — quotations and
rules are taught, bearing upon kindness,
order, generosity, * neatness, and so forth.
But to what extent this is all carried out
depends upon the teacher, for there is no
definite and regular lesson insisted upon.
It is recommended that all such instruc
tion be incidental and made applicable to
cases in _ hand. The course of, study pro
vides an outline of suggestions for each
grade. These are largely abstract and are
made concrete only if the teacher has tho
ingenuity. Behavior at -home and in pub
lic places as well as in the schoolroom are
supposed to be taught; respect for those
in authority,' for old age, reverence for
God, these and dozens of other points,
not including table maners, are mentioned
in the "suggestions."
Later on the schoolroom aisle became a
street and two ladies, walking down the
street, met two .gentlemen. What did the
gentlemen do? forsooth, but lift
their hats while the ladles bowed charm
ingly. »
A woman with a baby, and no seats for
her! Again tho really truly gentleman
rises. "
In tho next scene a doll appears. One
of the little girls enters the car -with the
doll in her arms.
A gentleman, a really truly gentleman,
rises. He offers his seat, removing his hat.
Heroine thanks him and is seated.
The street-car act was still more popu
lar and actors offered themselves with
waving hands. Two benches facing each
ether constituted the car seats. Passen
gers took their places along them; a grip
man gripped a broomstick; enter the hero-
This time matters went smoothly. The
boys waited until the girls entered the
elevator, then - followed, removing their
hats.
"Ladies first," he was reminded.
The little girls entered the elevator. One
boy attempted to cram in along with
them and was promptly sent back.
The platform was the elevator. Scene
shifters got unnecessary furniture out of
the way.
The theory was accepted as correct.
Thereupon some actors were chosen for
the elevator drama.
"A gentleman should take off his hat."
Joe knew.- Joe, I found, always knew
everything and was making a specialty
of being good to keep fro'm being bad, his
other specialty.
"What should a gentleman do when a
lady is in the elevator?"^ asked Miss
Sprague.
Miss Stincen, her principal, came into
the room and helped out in the conduct
lesson. It is a sugar-coated pill. It is
almost as much fun as the Sunday-school
Christmas entertainment.
I happened in on a day when the ele
vator lesson was being given.
Choose at random again and it was Miss
Sprague's ro©m. She has a fifth grade.
The initiated know and the uninitiated
may be told that fifth-graders are alwaya
the saddest lot of ugly ducklings that any
schoolroom holds, 'although plenty of
them will turn out swan-like enough
while the mills of God continue to grind.
They are the boys and girls who are just
too old to be "cute" and just too young
to be Interesting. They are each burden
ed with two arms and two legs and there
is nothing 5 to do but bear them. Their
older sisters and brothers have come to
be useful, the younger ones are still con
sidered but nobody thinks
that a- ..: fiTthXgrader is either and they
acknowledge | themselves unappreciated.
Because of all these things Miss Spragua
finds plenty of material to work upon.
and manners in many cases might be
improved upon. Therefore, it was a good
place to find what our city school system
can do in this line.
IT was shut your eyes and point blind
and the Whittier Primary School was
the one chosen.
It looms in a district where morals
BY MRS. MAEY KINCAID—
Ex-President Soard of Education.
I think that it might perhaps be deslr-
The lessons could embrace talks on
cleanliness and the care of the person. I
do not have as much faith in all these
lectures on hygiene, with their elaborate
scientific technique, as I do in the plain
If polite classes were universally adopt
ed in school it I would tend to a refining
of the characters. The lessons thus
learned would never be- forgotten, and
certainly they would be productive of
benefit on every side.
¦ In .Washington, where men from all
walks of life are congregated as "arbiters
of our nation, this need of polite classes
Is often painfully transparent. The stage
has elaborated with exaggerated gro
tesque by-play many scenes and incidents
easily traceable to eccentric characters
that hlbe'rnate.in the nation's capital. Of
course, these characters are supposed to
be the choice spirits of the locality that
proudly select and elect them, to repre
sent them. The awful want of polish and
politeness fairly emanates from them,
and, strange to say, the men show
marked* improvement infinitely quicker
than do the women. In. the majority of
cases the latter seem too perfectly satis
fied with themselves to realize that , they
do anything out. of tho ordinary, and re
main in the ' same . groove," while others
more ambitious sometimes take private
lessons from a visiting governess, who
also coaches them in the formalities of
society.
The inculcation of lessons of refinement
to children of all classes in our. schools
would become" ingrained, and if, by any
trick of a generous fate, life wrought Its
way through an ascending: scale, they
would be better fitted to fill the more ex
alted station. , - ' .
well in the eyes of others,^ devotes to
study the time that the wife spends in
toil. Then "comes the day when he re
lieves his mental superiority. The wife,
good but uncouth— unlettered, untaught
in the dainty tricks of polite lore— fails-to
please. He acknowledges her worth, giv
ing her full credit for the assistance ex
tended, but she palls on his taste that has
grown fastidious through contact with re
finement.
hile he, anxious to learn and to appear
ways and manners, and it often happens
hat while a woman is helping to earn
;he wherewithal that assists her husband
to rise, she is at a standstill mentally,
singles with the world and sees and ap
preciates the manners and advantages of
:hose with whom he comes in coiitact.
tJnless he be too consummate an egotist,
le is very willing to take lessons to heart
;hat he learns from those around him.
rhe very contact with other men is an
;dueation in itself and he imbibes f rorr.
Many men risen from the humblest
svalks of life have educated themselves
ind become fitted to the niche carved by
their own brains and ability. For some
reason or other, wcjmen do not take to the
polished veneering* as do men. Perhaps
it may be that a woman in the early
3truggle for her home is too busy with
the -drudgery of a household to notice or
to take time to cultivate these little amen
ities of life.'. With a man, in- the constant
business contact with other men, uncon
sciously even to himself, he assumes their
ilish more quickly than a woman. He
walk properly by selecting them in pairs
to walk around the room, where
Jther pairs they should be taught the
proper manner of giving and receivikj^. an
introduction and of shaking hands. t The
above lessons to be repeated at every
session of the polite class. There is no
branch of the child's education that is
30 neglected, or that Is so important.
Pleasing table manners will add a zest to
the plainest face. t)n the other hand, the
awkwardness or boorishness of one's
tete-a-tete would spoil the most delicately
served and elaborately appointed menu in
the world. As a rule, a man who rises
In the world above the environment of
his youth is apt to take on a worldly
To teach school children how to use a
snife, fork and spoon should -be the first
lesson. After that, to teach them to
dinner when facing such an exhibition.
aisgusting. I wondered what specimens
of womankind could have surrounded him
n his youth. There was no enjoyment of
veil versed in other respects gould not
lotice and correct himself of manners
hat were little short of being absolutely
with which he engineered that knife and
'ork would dissipate the best whetted ap
>etlte of a New York street sweeper.- It
seemed almost irrational that a man 30
There recurs to memory the fact of a
spoiled dinner pome time ago/ The gen
tleman in question is remarkably hand
some, well read, a charming conversation.
1st, and in the drawing-room his manner
is perfectly well-bred and he is a charm
ing companion. But to be his guest at
dinner— Oh, my! oh, my! To see him use
a fork would throw you into screaming
hysterics. The dinner was beautifully
served and the menu was unimpeachable,
but the horrible spectacular performance
Table manners are and should bo para
mount to everything, because it is simply
heartrending to sit at the same table with
any one who grabs a fork and uses.lt as
If it were a battle ax. .
tlon's head, a certain amount of cultiva
tion should go with the book learning wo
distribute gratuitously to the rising gen
eration.
The time consumed would amount, to
but little over a half-hour every week, or
every other, wock, and would be of Just as
great value to children whose parents do
not know how to, teach them as any oth
er lesson learned in school. The lectures
need be of no set form, but in tho nature
of conversations afr talks to the pupils.
In th« class referred to at every assem
bly ono.of tho bubles of the school, gen
erally aged ii bout 6 years, was colled 'to
the desk of the nun giving tho lecture. A
knife, fork, spoon, plate, cup and saucer
were provided, and the child was asked
such questions as, "How she should hold
her fork?" "How she should use tho
knife?" "How sho should use the spoon
when eating soup?" and many other ques
tions of a like nature.
"Thl3 subject does not need a set time
In any grade. Better results can be got
by bringing In the topics at what
seem to be appropriate times rather than
by giving set talk3 at a stated time. Such
work, to be valuable, must not be given
in the form of preaching. Children resent
moral lectures, but accept readily that
which comes as a natural emanation from
the life of the school and the spirit of the
teacher. The important thing in moral
teaching is that the teacher should be.
first of all, an example of what she wishes
to leach: that she be fully conscious of
the transcendent importance of the sub
ject; that she use the many opportunities
of the school life and the school studies
to enforce the principles she is trying to
teach, and that she keep the ideas she
¦wishes to teach before her own- mind
constantly."
As for manner*, however, they arc by
no means neglected In our school curricu
lum. Conduct. Is a regular branch of
study from the first 'to the eighth grade.
In the printed directions to teachers may
be seen tho following:
You aak If »omo or the no-called "fancy
branches"— mu.il<; and drawing; for in
stance might bu omitted to maku way
for table manner.*. That is poiwlble; I
fully appreciate th« argument that our
younw people wtiono brain and for<*« of
character mny carry th»m to n high posi
tion flhouM have the nodal qualifications
to enable thorn to hold such pmiltlon with
grace. Hut is th«r« any branch In our
public school training . that Is of lex*
value, that could be rrplaced to good ad
vantage? It Is n question. Everything
taufhl now h.i.i grown to «r,em essential.
We teach so many things already.
Think of the drawir.s find music and calls,
thenlcs and science' that our children
must learn, to say nothing of the funda
mental branches— reading, spelling, arith
metic, penmanship. 'Where would the
time be found to teach them the etiquette
of knife, fork and npoon?
able to teach table manners In the pnbllo
schools, but not feasible.
The lesson on cleanliness should be
strenuous and should be followed by
others equally so on "lying," "tattling"
and such kindred subjects. In the long
run, I believe that such lesson* would
have as thoroughly good effect on the
morals of children as lessons from ti..<
Blblo Us«lf. One who is physically clean
in more apt to be morally so, and the po
liteness that speaka courteously at all
times, that regards the feelings of other*,
that shows how to act or bohave In tho
various associations of life, is Just as es
sential us the elucidation of rhetorical
tules or the solution of the problems of
the Euclid. In fact, there Is nothing bet
ter calculated to improve the hearts and
minds of children than the adoption of
"pollto classes" In our public schools.
facts of a good, old-fashioned scrubbing
ar?d lathering with commonplace soap
and water. A good lathering strenuously
administered by an old-fashioned black
mammy, who didn't mind how much you
hollered that soap was in your eyes, and
who dug your ears as if she were grub
bing peanuts, seems a healthier principle
than all the learned discussion that the
youngsters of the day paralyze you with
when returning from school.
ternoon was devoted to what the girls—
now many of them fast becoming middle
ag-ed ladies, called "polite class." The
nuns tried to dignify it by calling it "the
assembly," but to the girls it ever was
and ever will remain In the memory as the
dear old "polite class."
The nun presiding was a charming
POLITE
CLASSES
IN
SCHOOLSThe rush was too much for the enemy
and they broke cover at once, scattering
In the mesquite like quail. It was an
other small party, and one already was
dead in the wagon, in a few minutes
there were only two left, and these were
slipping through the brush like foxes
doubling, twisting and turning, but all
the time holding a course a lfttle south
of and almost parallel to the trail
"Watch out, boys," Dalton cautioned
his men, after a while. "They act like
they might be trying to lead us into an
other bunch. Let them go."
"Stay with 'em, Dalton," pleaded
At an easy gallop, pulling up occasion
ally to listen, the men rode for nearly an
hour. Then suddenly a shot was fired off
to the right of the trail, followed by oth
ers closer at hand. That first shot was
the one fired by the boy. The others
were fired at close range at the cowboys.
"By the Lord, here they are again!"
yelled Brockman. "They must have
caught the wagon. Remember that little
chap and give them "¦
Before he had ceased speaking every
man jn the outfit was charging, the same
thought thrilling them all.
"Come on, all of you," - said Dalton;
"but, remember, I'm carrying double, so
don't make it hot."
"Two or three of you lope on ahead a
piece and try if you can hear the wagon,"
Brockman suggested. "I'm sure getting
uneasy about that youngster. He can't
be far off now."
"We got out of this a heap better than
I expected," said Langford, who had been
counting noses. "Not a man hit. Bud
Willett's horse has got a bullet in him,
and my saddle horn Is smashed. That's
about the size of the damage."
"Thought we had them all behind us,"
Brockman replied. "I might have known
better, but I was all worked up, and I
haven't the sense 1 was born with when
I get hot like that."
"Climb up behind me, quick." command,
ed Daiton. "You've sure made a fool play.
There are fifty bucks in this war party,
and there couldn't have been more than a.
dozen in your bunch. They've sure split
up, and some of them may be in betweer
us and th% ranch right now."
Brockman did as he was told.< As they
rode back Langford asked: * ."
"Where under the sun did you pick up
that boy?"
"In Jacksboro," Brockman replied. "He
was a stray, and as he wanted to ranch
It I just mavericked him. He's a queer lit
tle cuss. Mother ran away with a short
card man. they say at the post, and left
him to shift for himself. He's all right
since I made him a Half-Diamond L,
though. Thought you fellows were In
dians, and was just about to crack loose
at you when I saved your lives. Stopped
the team with all them yelling devils be
hind us just eo's to be able to pull you on
straight."
"It'll be awful if anything happens to
him, Ed." Dalton said. "You shouldn't
have sent him on alone."
"Let them go! Don't follow them!" Dal
ton called to his men. as the Indians were
driven back on Brushy Mountain. "We've
got Brockman; now let's get back and
save the horses."
"Wonder if we got any of- them," Lang
ford said, as he rode up to the boss herd
er.
"You can put me down for one." an
swered a voice from the grass at their
feet. Brockman arose and ejected an
empty shell from his gun. "I saw my
man fall. Couldn't have missed him at a
rest."
"What the devil are you doing here?
Where's the -wagon?" Dalton asked. In
surprise.
"Wagon's gone on," said Brockman.
"That boy will take it through all-right.
1 just wanted to get one of jthose bucks,
t-o I dropped off." : v
BETWEEN FIGHTS AND AFTER
CHAPTER VII.
"I can see part of it," Brockman said.
"It's the maverick that puzzles me. He
doesn't seem to figure. The old buck
skin got tangled up and turned over with
Benois. failing on top of him. Tou can
see from the way the head hangs that his
neck's broken. Benois worked from under
him, got out his gun and dragged himself
off toward that bunch of brush on the
bottom. Tou can read his trail easy. He
figured on their making a run out after
us. and his play was to get out of the
way. But this doesn't give us the maver
ick at all. He doesn't show between here
and the horses, so he must have tumbled
off between this and the ranch. From the
sign I reckon that Benois Is sure used
up bad." '. ,•
"If he made for that brush, if ¦ likalr
he's there yet. We had better get him la
first," Dalton said.
"It's Benois' mount," Dalton said, as
they rode up to the prostrate animal.
"That's the last of his stumbling buck
skin."
They dismounted and studied the sign.
Although the horse was. lying on his side,
there were dirt and grass stains on J^e
horn and on the cantle of the saddle. TA
few yards back the ground was torn up.
as if a struggle had taken place there.
The Winchester carbine had been taken
from the leg scabbard and was missing.
Oft to one side there was a flattened spot
In the dew-damp grass, and leading away
from It to the northwest, toward a small
arroyo, the grass was beaten down where
a heavy object had been dragged oft. On
the other side, too, the grass had been
trampled, and still further to the south
was the broad trail made by the herd of
horses as they were driven out on the
divide. They examined the dead horse
carefully, even turning him over to search
for a wound, but none was found.
"What do you make of it?" Dalton
asked.
"The little fellow was behind Benois
on the right point as we turned 'em out
on the prairie," he said. "One of the
bunch tried to bolt back by me, and be
fore I got him headed right I lost sight
of them."
"Call Benois," Brockman said; "be may
know something."
Then the startling discovery was made
that Benois also was missing. They
couldn't have been shot down, for not a
shot had been fired In the hearing of the
cowboys. Benois would never have de
serted the herd without good reason, and
no reason presented itself to the minds of
the cowboys that could be accepted as
good. It was a Queer situation. Some
thing must be done, but no one could sug
gest what that something should be.
Daylight was beginning to show In tho
east when Brockman solved tne problem
to his own satisfaction.
"I'm going back to the ranch." he saM.
"They may both be there; and if thAy
ain't, why, we'll have to find their trail
where they turned off."
"I'll go with you,"" said Dalton. "The
others can bring In the horses at sun-up."
Just then a distant whinneying was
heard. It was answered from the bunch,
and repeated. Then came a clattering or
hoofs, and the herd turned toward the
ranch with heads up and ears extended as
a riderless horse galloped into sight. A
little distance away he halted and neighed
again, and then, as a familiar whinney
came in r«ply. he plunged up and joined
the herd. It was the horse the maverick
had been riding, for on his back was the
old pueblo tree that Brockman had rigged
up for the boy.
"He's been thrown." said Brockman,
"and Benois is staying with him."
"Well, they won't be hard to find, it
that's all," said Dalton. "Unless your
maverick is hurt, there's no harm done."
"Come on,' then," said Ed, "and we'll
soon know what's up."
Half a mile from the ranch Dalton saw
a dark heap on the prairie to their left.
"That's either a man or a horse," said
he, pointing to it.
"It's a horse, all right," Brockman de
clared, "and there's something on It. That
hump looks like a saddle."
"Maybe the others know," said; and
they reserved their ride and questioned
each in turn. Only Virgil Allen had
noticed him at all. . •
Then lor . the first time it dawned on
Dalton that he had not seen the boy slnca
the alarm had been sounded by him.
"They'll burn the ranch," said Ringer.
"Not much," replied Dalton. "They'll
keep clear of that for fear we've left a
guard there." •
Ail this time the men were driving thej
horses at a gallop out on the prairie. OtJ^
the divide, a miie and a half from the
ranch, the herd was rounded up and
brought to a stand. Ringer and Brock
man having worked out on the points
and into the lead and headed the bunch,
ihere the cowboys rode around and
around them many times before Brock
man again ranged alongside of Dalton.
"Where's the maverick?" he asked.
"'They're working up the bed of the
creek to come on us from the cover of the
blackjack," cried brockman, as he gal-
Ioiieu up to the boss herder.
"That's wnat I reckoned they were up
to," said Dalton. "But we'll fool 'em.
Get the bunch up on the divide, and
they'll never dare to come within range
to take 'em."
"Turn them! Head them out on the
prairie!" Da. ton shouted as he galloped
in between the leaders and the crutk.
"Keep them moving lively! We'll ma«.e
'em come out in tne open to fight lor
them."
The night horses of the different relief*
all were picketed alongside the ranch for
just this sort of an emergency. At the
first call the cowboys tumbled out of
their blankets and sprang to their mounts.
They hardly were in the saddle when a
yell from Brockman brought the herd
horses to their feet and started them on
a run toward the ranch.
APPEAR.
BENOIS AND THE MAVERICK DIS-
CHAPTER IX.
The boy, sitting now on the wagon seat
with a. gory corpse behind him, could
hear the yells growing fainter and fainter.
They soon would leave him as far behin-1
as he had been in the lead unless he hur
ried. The mules were willing again, sn
he turned them into the trail and
went on.
Suddenly he became aware of the pres
ence of other shadowy figures; these ap
ptarea to grow out of tne ground; and,
btrangely enough, they all moved away
from nim and j.oward the trail. But that
other cieeping thing was getting neare:
and nearer all the time, and as he real
ized this, the boy, faint with fear, sank
back into his barricade. It was now not
more than ten yards away; now the tail
board of the wagon hid it from view. As
he wondered on which side he next would
see it, the form rose silently at the rear
and a painted face glared in at .him. He
had cocked the revolver and held it in
his trembling hands, afraid now to shoot
left he niirht miss.
With a grunt the Indian beckoned to
him to pet out. He did not move. The
Indian clambered in and reached for
him. There was an explosion; the Indi3:i
fell over upon him and clutched him by
the throat, but did no more. The revol
ver had gone off in good time and with
deadl;- effect-
There were a few convulsive kicks and
struggles, and then the boy squirmed
from beneath his bleeding enemy and
seized the lines, for the phot had started
the mules into movement. They were
easily held now, however, for they had
headed again toward the trail, and from
thtit direction there came a sudden shot.
a whoop and then a fusillade, interspersed
with cowboy yells and a trampling of
hoofs as they charged the ambuscade.
The Indians broke and ran and the cow
boys pursued.
"Xney are coming at last," he whis
perto.. lor it dawned on him that it wa^
Uic tuwoojs who had now disturbed tnc
hoot owis, and he gave- a sigh of relief
and rose to leave the barricade. As he
uiu, tnrough a slit in the canvas he saw
that whicn almost made his heart stop
beating. A dark form glided from the
thade of a mesquite bush, and. bending
low, started on a devious course lor the
wagon, trom the distant trail came the
sound of voices, faint at first, but grow
ing in volume as they drew nearer. To
the boy. his eyes fascinated by that mov
ing form, it seemed they must come too
late.
An hour went by.' To the boy In his
barricade it eeemea an eternity. He fan
cied he could see through the rents in
the wagon cover shadowy forms flitting
about in the brush; yet, though he lis
tened intently, he could hear nothing but
the beating of his own heart ana tne
panting of the tired mules. Then, away
back in the direction whence he had
come, he heard an owl hoot; then an
other, and then a whole chorus such as
had marked his own passage through the
scrub oak.
A sudden Jolt as the mules Jumped a
drain threw the boy from the 6eat over
the dashboard to the .wagon tongue. He
gripped the breeching of the near mule
as he fell and landed astride the pole.
The brush tore his clothes and the Bharp
thorns cut his flesh, but he clung on,
and pulling himself up got a-etraddle of
the near mule. Then he gathered the
lines and at the first pull the jaded ani
mals slowed down, and finally came
to a stand, blown and exhausvd. The
leaders dropped in their harness and
could not be induced to rise; the wheelers
tr<?ir limbs trembling. Bides heaving and
heads drooping were In a state of col
lapse.
The boy climbed back Into the wagon
and groped among the sacks of cornmeal
until he found the big revolver and a belt
of cartridges. Then he made a barri
cade of the provisions and crawled into
it. The cries of the wolves died away in
the distance, the moon rose bright and
full, and it grew light as day in the field
of mesq.uite.
¦ ¦ u OR a 1 moment he made as If to
I I pull up and wait for the com
\\ ing of his companion, but as he
j * dia another chorus of hootings set
X him a-shiver and he dropped the re
\oiver back on the seat and leaned far
over the dashboard to lash the leaders.
The off muie in the lead, the most willing
one of the four, suddenly threw up his
head, cocked his ears, snorted, swerved
sharply to the right and drew the whole
team with him off the trail. In another
instant they were plunging helter-skelter
through the mesquite. thorns tearing the
team and the wagon cover, and the
stunted brush thrashing the bottom of the
wagon bed with a roar that startled coy
otes from their cover and sent them
howling on ahead like a vanguard of
demons.
CHAPTER VI.— Continued.
Brockman. "Think of my maverick!"
"Leave It to the boys," said Dalton.
"What do you cay?" appealed Brock
man. '• .'•
"We're with you," crle*d Bud Willett,
and the others assented.
It was after daylight when that hunt
ended and the Half-Diamond L outfit
again struck the trail.
"There ain't no fresh tracks here," said
Brockman, scanning the earth. "Only
those you made going out yesterday."
"We'll have to go back somewhere be
tween here and where they jumped us to
find what's left of the wagon and "
Dalton never finished the sentence, for:
"Look! Look!" cried Brockman excit
edly, pointing back along the trail.
There, a quarter of a mile away and
Just breasting a gentle rise in the prairie,
came the tired mules at a slow walk, the
torn canvas cover of the wagon waving
streamers in the morning breeze. In the
air above circled a flock of buzzards.
Langford put a hand on Brockman'.^
boy. 'And in that way Brockman's mav
erick was taken home to the Half-Dla
mond L ranch.
CHAPTER VIII.
A LITTLE JOKE, AND WHAT CAME
OF IT.
The ranch was built of undressed logs—
that is, logs with the bark on. It really
was two oblong buildings under one roof,
with a wagon-way between that was
open to the rafters. There -were four
rooms, two on each side of the wagon
way. One of these was kitchen and din
ing-room; adjoining it was a storeroom;
the other two were sleeping apartments.
The furniture was home-made— : what
there was of It. The chairs had once con
tained soap. The beds were built into the
house; stakes had been driven Into the.
earth floor about four feet from the sides
walls and a cap piece laid across them,
and over this the bed slats (which were
Into a skillet and set It down over a bed
of live cedar coals.
"It won't be anything like what the cook
would have slung up for you," he went
on. "Beans and sow-belly's my limit,
you see. But she'd have got you up some
scrambled chicken and sparrow-grass be
fore you could bat your eyes twice. She
ain't slow none she ain't. It sure is sur
prising what that cook can do," he added,
in a musing way. "When the rangers was
out here last we was almost out of grub,
and /what d,ld she do but run down an
old '"he-antelope and dish it up to 'efn.
Gave! It to 'em fricasseed, and fried, ami
stewed, and jerked, and hashed, and with
the hair on, and plumb naked. Kinder
confused 'em with variety. Some of
them thought they was getting bear,
and some:- of them thought it was
buffalo hump, and some of them
Bwore It was saddle-skirts fried In goose
grease. Three of 'em died that night—
from overfeeding, she said. But, between
vou 'n' me. I think that antelope must
horses. Here Brockman dropped hand
fuls of salt in little piles a few feet
acart.
"What's that for?" asked «the mav
erick.
"That's to make 'em willing to stay on
the bed. grovfid," was the answer.
"They're just crazy for salt. They'll lick
at it tlH they get enough, and then they'll
just lie around and grow an^ appetite for
more." £\i •
Forty cow-ponies came galloping up,
squealing, kicking and snapping at each
other as they ran, ¦ and the . truth of
Brockman's statement was Boon demon
strated.. Following them came the cow
boys. .
"How's the maverick, Ed?" Dalton
asked, as he dismounted and unsaddled.
"Bet he's eaten • us out of house and
home." . • •
"Nope. Plumb lost his appetite when I
told, him about, our gay girl cook what's
taking her afternoon off," and he winked
at the others. "Did up his grub myself,
but he's waiting to see what she can do.
"Haven't got any."
• "Well, you'd better get one pretty
quick if you're going to mix into this
muss about the cook, for there's no tell
ing when Langford will break out. Take
my advice and keep away from her.
Petticoats was only Invented to make
trouble."
The boy looked up at Brockman inquir
ingly.
"That's how wise experience makes a
chap," said Ed, shakipg his head.
"There's a man as knows -what's what.
There ain't nothing in that line he ain t
Investigated.' We dassent let ¦ him go to
town no more, because why? He just
stands staring in the store windows
where them there same petticoats is
a-hanging. We thinks as how he sure
spends all his money for em. Bet he s
got a box full of 'em cached somewhere
Ol Fresh mounts were selected, and Lang
ford and Allen were assigned to the first
shift at night herding the horses. DaUun
Copyright, 1901, by J. N. QualL
"Indians," said Brockman. "And they'd
sure a-been on top of us before we knew
It only for the maverick. He spotted 'era.
Took one of them for that cook we were
stuffing him about. Lucky Joke, that."
The boy rode Into the wagonway be
tween the kitchen and the sleeping quar
ters, and without dismounting called to
the sleeping men: ' . »
"Everybody hustle out. Mister Brock^
man says. Hurry, for there's going to>
be some shooting In a minute."
"Get back to the ranch Quick; but go
easy, don't lope,' % said he. "Tell Ringer
to come around on this side in the same
way, and then pull the boys out. Tell
'em tn hustle: and then you stay under
cover, for there's going to be some more
shooting."
Without stopping to ask a. question the
maverick did as he was told. He went
away at a trot, and in three minutes
Rlh«rer had Joined Brockman.
"What is it. Ed?" he asked.
of 'em can't get to see her before the
other does."
There had been no excitement of any
sort when Brockman's relief was called.
But Dalton remarked that he never be
fore had heard so many coyotes barking
around the place.
"May be some two-legged ones among
'em," Ringer muttered, as they rode out.
"The maverick and m«'ll tane the far
side, Frank," said Ed. "We'll be company
for each other." And he and the boy rode
on to the southern edge of the bed
ground, where Brockman dismounted
"Don't you get down," he said, as the
youngster prepared to follow his exam
ple. "Just lie low on your saddle and
Keep your eyes peeled out that a-way."
and he swept his hand around to the
south. "I'll watch out on the west, here,
and that ought to give us a good hundred
yards the start of anything that comes."
The moon -was high In the heavens, and
und-r its mellow light the prairie to the
west had the appearance or an lmmenai,
field of waving yellow grain ready tof
the harvesters. At intervals scuddlns
clonds obscured things for a few sec
onds. It was like passing from sunshine
Into shadow and then out again. Just aa
one of these clouds swept across the moon
the boy caught a glimpse of a human
forrn on the edge of the scrufr oak to the
southeast. He waited for the moon to
show aealn. so as to be sure. When It
came, he saw the figure fading into the
snaaow of the trees. It was movln*
swiftly.
"Here comes your cook." he said
"What's that?" Brockman demanded,
puzzled.
"The cook," the maverick repeated.
"They said she would come In that way."
Brockman vaulted Into the saddle and
was in time to catch a movement among
th« scrub oak.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Next W«»2O
BENOIS, WHO HAD TAKEN A STBONG FANCY TO THE BOY, READILY GAVE UP TO HTDI A LIGHT 32 CALIBER REVOLVER.
shoulder and pointed to the carrion birds.
Without a word Brockman turned away,
Dalton got out his glasses. ¦ , .
"There's your maverick, Ed," he called
out a moment later., "And he's as right
as we are." - - -• **
Brockman, who bad dismounted to In
spect the trail, turned hurriedly at this,
took a long look to make certain, and
then started on a run for the wagon. Tho
others followed. The mules saw them
and came to a stand. The boy looked
ahead and saw them, too. He rose wear
ily on the sent and waved his hand. As
they came up, he reeled and fell over
backward.
"He's hit," cried Brockman; "I saw
blood on him." . ...
In two jumps he was on the wagon.
The others saw him reach forward to
pick up the boy, and then start back In
surprise. Next minute he had the boy in
his arms and was on the ground.
"I knew he was the right sort, the little
cum!" he shouted. ; "Killed hie meat and
was toting It home to cure. Look in the
wagon."
They did, and found there the stark
corpse of a. Klowa warrior.
"What's the matter with you?" Brock
man asked, as the boy opened his eyes.
"You ain't hit as I can see.'* .
"Just tired, I guess," murmured the lit
tle chap faintly, and off he went again.
"The excitement of-tne ride with that
there was too much for him," Bud Wil
lett said, jerking his thumb toward the
wagon.
The Klowa was thrown out and a b«d
of blankets made In the wagon for the
simply trimmed lengths of sapling) were
driven into the "chinks between the wall
logs. The "dining"- room also was fur
nished in primitive fashion, the table hav
ing been constructed in. the same manner
as the beds, except that It had pieces of
plank laid across the slats instead of bides
and blankets.
Brockman was slicing bacon in the
kitchen when the maverick came out' of
his long sleep and began to study his sur
roundings. There were no windows In the
apartment in which he found himself, and
no -door had yet been hung in the space
left for it when the ranch was put up.
Through the opening where the door
should have been came the aroma of
steaming coffee. As it assailed his nos
trils the boy discovered that he was fam
ishing/and he rolled off the bunk and
stood In the doorway; He saw Brockman
in the kitchen, and walking Into that
apartment he studied Its rude equipment
with a curious interest. ' • ;
"Well, sir. how do you find yourself feel
ing?" Brockman asked, as he turned to
whet the bacon knife on his leather leg
gings. ¦......-.. -:¦¦¦¦- ¦•¦•¦¦- , ¦ ¦-/>¦¦.
"Hungry," said the little chap.
"All right," said Brockman. "I'll fix you
out with some grub pretty quick now."
Then,- as he noted the wonderment in the
maverick's eyes, he added with a smirk:
"You'll have to excuse the look of things,
for, you see, we weren't expecting no vis
itors to-day. It's our cook's afternoon
out, too, and I dare say she'll go to the
opry and be late getting home; so Til Just
rustle you up a bite myself." :.,.•¦
He chuckled as he dumped the bacon
have been snake-bit. Dalton,, now, he
lows it , was the -Trinity, claret that
fetched 'em." -.,..-¦-¦
"What's that?" the maverick asked.
"That? . Oh, that's- the wine we get
out of the branch.- Looks red, runs
thick, tastes bitter, and helps you to get
your peck o' dirt down quick and have
done with it. • But there's your sow
belly, ' he added, as he dumped the fried
bacon put on: a. tin plate, "and here's
your corn-dodger and coffee; - Bo-equat
and craze."
' The boy nibbled' at the bacon and
munched a morsel he broke off the pone
of corn-bread.. Brockman looked on.
"Sorry I told you about that there
cook," he said after a time. "You're
a-saving up" your appetite for her,. I can
see. ¦ ¦
"I ain't so hungry as -I was," the boy
said, remembrance of the fate of the three
brave rangers who had fallen victims to
Half-Diamond L hospitality strong upon
him. As ho was- finishing his meal there
came a thunder of hoofs across the prai
ries from the west- He looked up anx
lously-at Brockman, who said: v
. "That's only * the boys running In the
horses. We nerd 'em right here against
the corral at night, when the moon's this
a-way, to keep the Indians from driving
them off." ....
- Brockman picked up a gunny' sack of
coarse salt and went out. The maverick
followed. , The- corral was a few yards to
the south of the ranch. It* east side
resting against some scrub oak that grew
along the west bank of the creek. To the
west of .the corral the grass had been
tramped off by - the hoofs of cattle and
though I told- him she'd be late getting
in."
"Better send him after her if she ain't
in ' by dark," said Bud Willett. with a
grin. -: '
"Yes, and have Virgil Allen or Jack
Langford shooting holes in - him out ¦ of
jealousy," put in Dalton. keep
your hand on your gun, Mister Maverick,
if .they catch you sparking her." And he
toted his saddle Into the ranch, laughing
as he went.
"What are you looking at?" the boy
asked of Langford. who was shading his
eyes with his hands and staring into the
south. . ¦; . ¦ .'. :¦:" I . . .
"Thought I saw her." replied - Lang
ford. "She - comes In that a-way. If
you see her before I do, just you tell her
that I'll scalp that fellow Allen If she
doesn't ston drinking . coffee . out of his
cup. I'm tired of this game of kissing
tin. It can't go on while I'm a-dolng
business here." And he stalked gloomily
away. " • " % -
"He's a terribly jealous cues," Brock
man said to the boy In a half-whisper.
"Got a private graveyard 'somewhere,
and he's. a- rustling, up funerals half the
time." •
"He'll be going to his own if he doesn't
stop coddling that there cook," Virgil
Allen put , in. "Keep your eye on him,
youngster, or he'll be getting the drop
on you one of these days. It s all right
if you pull on him first. . Just throw
down on him once and he'll shut up
tighter than a coyote with his head off/'
T 'Throw what down on him?"
"Why, your gun. for certain. "What
have you . done with it?".
and Willett were to take the second, and
Brockman and Frank Ringer were to
have the .middle watch, from twelve to
two. Four others — Al Gentry and Tom
McCarthy, Joe Grlner and Dave Kirby—
¦were to divide the last two watches be
tween them, and a fifth— Benols— wa3 to
be held In reserve to take the horses out
to grass In the morning while tlje others
were at breakfast. No provision was
made for the maverick In this schedule.
"I'll go out 'on herd with you," he said
to Brockman.
"All right, my maverick," said Ed
"I'll see what I can rustle up for you In*
the shape of a saddle. There's an old
pueblo tree- around her© somewhere but
the boys have robbed It of sweat-leathers
and stirrups. SU11, there's hide enough
lying about to patch It up. "What you
need most is a gun. Benois has a town
gun In . his saddle-bags, and I guess we
can make him give It up."
The saddle was repaired easily, and
Benois, who had taken a strong fancy to
the boy. readily gave up to him a light
.32 caliber revolver. 8
"Now'syour time," Allen suggested to
the boy; "throw down on Longford and
have it over with."
"If a fellow shot me with a thing like
that, and ever I found It out." Langford
said, lying back lazily and regarding the
diminutive weapon with great contempt.
"I'd chase him out of the country with
my _qu,irt."
still sore on each oth«r>bout
that cook, you see," said Ed. "They're
goins out on the same shift, toot so's one
BROCKMANS'S MAVERICK
10"Oh, yes, of course I know the Arch
bishop very well, but you will have to
leave me out of this. I don't like such
things. I really couldn't tell you his
height, nor how much he weighs.. His
age? Well, I should put the Archbishop
at about C2 years. I am sure I don't know
where he was born, but he is a good
American.
"I have never thought of his personal
description save as my superior,' and as
his subordinate I couldn't tell you the
color of his eyes, because I am so modest
I have never looked into tliem."
XJxi.X3.ilbd .n ft iiii ri.L—
Hotre llame Victoires.
"The Most Rev. Patrick Riordan Is the
name by which I know the Archbishop,
and . I should say that he is about 50
years of age.
"He is of medium height, and I have no
ii|lwil3MP^ra|^|||K
should , say that his hair is somewhat
scant over the forehead.
"Of course,- he wears no beard or mus
tache.. What a question!
"I have never seen . any scar on his
face or hands. His face is long, his fore
head rather high. I can't name a single
peculiarity in his appearance. He has no
mannerisms.
"The only Jewelry that I have ever no
ticed ' his ; wearing Is the Archbishop's
ring. ». .
"His hands are. certainly not large. -His
walk is slow and dignified. His v dress is
In no way remarkable— it" Is nondescript.
"I am almost sure that he is an Ameri
can." "" ' ¦ ' Mflg«3BHal
FATHER REDAHAN—
Sts. Pietro e Paolo.
Father Redahan. was not .hesitant. .
"The Archbishop's full' name is William
Patrick Riordan," he said, "and .he -Is
Irish. :> I ' think- he was : bofn •. in Ireland,'
but. that I am not sure of. " ...
"He . appears' to -be' about 55 years old.
He is only. Just "now beginning .to show"
any ( of the symptoms -of age. His' fair
hair Is '.slightly tinged with gray.^but he
is not bald.
: "It ; is pretty * hard ; for me : to guess .at
height and. weight,, but I- should say that,
he is about six feet tall and 175 pounds
in weight. ' As for his eyes— they are lighti
blue, , and his hair is decidedly . blonde.
"There 4 , is no scar or. mark of identifica
tion that' I have ever noticed. ; His facets
rather. long and his forehead neither high
nor'low.'- , \ *¦¦*-" :'-¦• • . ¦ > : - '¦ . •-¦¦*-,'• ;7-. "•"..¦/
-"His dress?- Let me think.".
The '- father ; took a-, long : think when it
came to dress, v: ¦ . . >- ¦ ,. ; ;. •
VHe'wears^ a. "high-hat," he' said,, care
fully, and 'dcliberately,'-."and'a long, coat— .:
that -is .the; ecclesiastical dress. vHls gar
ments . are always neat, but not over-ele
gant.'^^^^^^gg|BBBHBHB8s9Bl ¦¦ -
..','The , only • Jewelry that , I know of ' hia
wearing is .^the. Archbishop's •• ring, which
he wears on "the little finger of -the right
hand.' I; do ;not : know/what. stone'' Is set
In It. >I say. that this is the '.only I ring I
know : of ;but 1 have a' general impression
that he jwears several others. *' '
¦.""His.walk is extremely /energetic. .7
•'This Is" ) as . far ; as I can describe ; him.
But If : you will permit me to make a sug
gestion, ;I : should propose ithat, you go Lo
some , members ' of the . fair' sex for a^de
scription of him; . they ;use * their ', eyes « to
better advantage than .we 1 do.'-' ,'¦*•'.
FATHER ',^ JOHN McGINTY—
; . The Holy/ Cross.. ; .
„¦ !.'Cah '¦ I: give a* good , description of Arch
bishop ; Riordan?" repeated V Father.; John
McGInty of the Church of the Holy Cross
.".Why, yes, I think I can, for I've \ seen
him "times without number.
'.'ifW-hat are the color of his eyes? They're
—they're— let ; me' see-^well, now— I
couldn't be sure just what color. they are.
His: hair !ls turning- gray and growing
sparse. Of that I'm quite sure.
"His i full name is Patrick William Rior
dan; and he was born, I think, in Canada
about sixty- two years ago. .
"His Grace 'Is tall, Very tall— about six
feet two Inches, I should judge— and built
in 1 proportion. Indeed, he is one of the
most graceful ¦ men I have ever . known —
one -of the _very. few * men that I would
turn to look at a second time. \ His great
dignity ; and majestic carriage Is, to me,
the most notable feature of his whole per
sonality. He walks with an ¦ even, meas
ured: tread, and gives one the impression
of. being' supple and strong. ~
"The Archbishop's name is Patrick Wil
liam Rior«3an; that I am sure of. As to
his age, I should say he was about 60 or
O. I think his height is five feet eleven
and a half Inches and his weight about
190 pounds. I don't remember the color
of his eyes, but I think they are blue.
"His hair is dark and thin. He
has a high and prominent forehead and no
facial marks or scars. He generally wears
a clerical suit with a purple stock and the
Archbishop's gold diamond ring. I never
have noticed his gait or his hands, lie
has a well modulated, pleasing bass voice.
I think he was born in New Brunswick,
FATHER COTTLE—
. St Brigid's.
"The Archbishop's voice is pleasant and
well modulated. I think he was born in
New Brunswick, Ti. T^. or some of the
British maritime provinces."
FATHER CARAHERt-
Bt. Francis.
"His hands are nice and shapely, and a
little undersized. His walk is not the
walk of a man of his years. It is very
light, and his carriage is stately an</ free.
No marked mannerisms mar his earnest
and animated manner and he is fond of
gestures.
"His face is oval, the upper part rather
large with naturally high forehead. He
generally dresses In wack. and often
wears a ratheriong sack coat, with a sug
gestion of color in the purple tie or stock.
He wears the Archbishop's ring of ame
thyst on the third . finger of his right
hand.
FATHER -SMITH—
St. l£ary : s. ~*
"I should judge that the Archbishop is
about C2 years of age,~xind I am sure that
his full name is Patrick William Riordan
and that is tr.e way he spells it. 1 should
venture to say that he weighs about 215
pounds and that his height is about six
feet, cr say five feet eleven and a half
inches.
"It seems to me that his eyes are of a
grayish blue. His hair was once dark
brown and is now tinged with gray. It
might be called a ilttle thin, but I should
not say he was bald. Of course, - he is
smooth shaven and he has no visible scar
or blemish of flesh. '> . ¦
f-.«nc-«l to the oval type, and ho has a
i high forehead. He dresses with dig
.:;y, and at home he always wears over
t;is robe a black cape edged with purple.
He always wears a gold chain and cross
and hi= Archbishop's ring.
"The Archbishop has most beautifully
shaped hands, and he walks with a delib
erate and firm tread. He has a very
pleasant full voice, and his manner in
meeting people is the nicest and kindlitst
imaginable, putting them at once at their
ease.
"I think he was born in New Brunswick,
"His eyes are cither blufe or gray. His
! ;;'r I should call auburn, a little
, :-.kied with gray. Hu has no facial
¦ ' urs ur blemishes. His face is rather
"I believe the Archbishop's name i3
Patrick EUortf&n. He locks to be" about
;::'ty-'fivo years old. I should think he
£ei£hed iivo -hundred pounds, and he is
ilioat six f*et talL
LTRE. ELEANOE MAETIIT—
"He must ,be somewhat over 60," de
scribed the father, "and I should say that
(he is about flve feet. eleven inches tall.
He must\relgh 175 pounds, or possibly l£0.
"What is the color of his eyes? Why,
blue— no, gray— no, let me . see— well, ~ I
don't believe I know, and Idon't'want
to guess.
\ "Hi3 hair is f air. . He Is not bald, but I
Father Grant was very sure that th«
Archbishop's . full name • is Patrick W.
Riordan, and that it doesn't matter what
the W. stands for.
'Of course I don't know him very well,
merely to take off my hat to him and
worship in his congregation once in a
while, but I should say he was about 60
years old, weighs about ISO pounds, and
five feet ten Inches in height. He has
black eyes, dark hair, and he Is not bald.
I think he has no scars or facial blem
ishes.
"His face is full, with a fine high fore
head, and he dresses very plain like any
clergyman. I never saw him wear any
Jewelry but a gold chain and cross. He
walks very straight and with a light step.
I never noticed his hands. He is very
quick in his manner; is very refined and
very smart. He has a line deep voice,
and is a fine speaker." ;. '." '¦
MRS. J. M. CALDWELL— •
Although I am a communicant of the
church I have not been privileged to hear
the Archbishop preach for a long time;
nor have I seen him lately. My recollec
tion of him dates back as far as two
years.
"At that time he struck-»me as being
tall and spare. He had a long face, rath
er lean, the face of the churchman, ' of
the ascetic. . I have no definite recollec
tion of his height, weight, or any such
details; the one thing that I. remember is
his eyes. I do not know . their color; I
should think gray; but I remember them.
"They are wonderful; they are keen,
penetrating, and yet they seem at times
to sleep. Then of a sudden they wake
and look straight through one." -'¦ -i'^jy-?~i
FATHER CUMMINS—
St Patrick's. £#;--¦
Father Cummins looked decidedly in
dignant when he was asked if he knew
the Archbishop's full name and the spell
ing of it.
"Well, it's Patrick William Riordan. to
be, sure," he sputtered. "Patrick— you
know how to spell that, don't you?- And
don't you know how to spell William?
You ought to. And Riordan— it's
R-i-o-r-d-a-n. There.
"I should say that he is about £0 years
old. He is tall— I am a bad observer, and
I can't guess a man's height." Perhaps he
is over six feet, perhaps he is under Ahat.
In the neighborhood of It, anyway. And
he is a heavy man, but I can't attempt to
guess his height.
"His eyes may be any color for all I
know, and his hair, too. He is hot bald.
"I can't name any peculiarity in his ap
pearance or manner. Pernaps -the most
marked individuality about . him is the
earnestness of his manner when he is
speaking.
"His Jewelry — now let me see. He wears
a ring— the rip g of the Archbishop. That
Is all. I believe.
"What nationality Is he? An American,
of course."
rATHEB GRANT—
St. Joseph's Parish.
"Of course Archbishop Ricrdan is from
the old country, and I am sure I couldn't
tell you his full name.
idea of his weight. His eyes are gray or
biue, I cannot say definitely which. -His
hair is a mixture of dark and iron gray
and he is slightly bald on the forthead. I
never noticed any scars on .him. His. face
is rather long and he has a high forehead.
He Is always stylishly dressed, with a
silk hat, and the only Jewelry I have ever
seen him wear is a ring and a cross of
gold. I have never noticed his hands, but
his carriage is very erect. ' ;.'•.*, ;
"He has a business-like manner that is
right to the point
"His voice indicates that he suffers
from throat trouble.
"I think he was born in Ireland, and
came to this country when very young."
POLICE OFFICER W. MANGAN—
a RCHBISHOP RIORDAN'S full name (and cor-
A rectly spelled) is PATRICK WILLIAM RIOR-
Z-A DAN, and he is 61 years of age. He is 6 feet tall
¦*¦ *¦ and weighs 180 pounds. His eyes are a steely blue.
His hair is brown, streaked with gray, giving a light effect.
He is not bald and wears no mustache. There is no notice
able scar'or mark on his hands or face. His face is long:,"
with prominentVheek bones. His eyes are deep-set and he 4
has a high and round forehead. His face is further character-,
ized by well-marked lines, 4 long upper lip and a long chin.
He has sharp eyes. He dresses in ordinary priest's clothes
and generally wears a rabbi or purple stock. In the way of
jewelry, he has an Episcopal ring on the third ' finger of his
left hand and also wears a pectoral cross. He carries a watch,
with no chain. His hands are quite. small, with slender, ta
pering fingers, ot the type that is known as an artistic or-sen
sitive hand. His carriage is quite erect'and he walks briskly.
His voice is very rich and musical. He • is a Canadian by
birth, but of Irish' extraction.
This is Archbishop Rjordan as He Really s.
|? AST week the readers of The Sunday Call had the opportunity
of seeing the observation test tried en some of the many peo
ii==sJ pie who nre personal friends of General Barnes. An effort was \
made to select persons from as many walks of lifs as possible and '
c'-no to obtain a fair representation from both se^es. It must be saidr
that as a general rule me^hbsrs ci the fair sex seem to be surer in
their descrip Liens of personal appearance or "identification" than do"
. men. Still effn with them there is a doubt. Try for yourself and
see if you can describe your best friend, of course not with him right,
before your eyes, so that Ai stranger to him could pick that friend
out cf a crov.'dcd room. Take th.2 man that you know best and see if
ycu can writs dorm ho-w old he is, and how tall, and how .much he
weighs, what the color of his hair is, and of his eyes, and then if
you can give any further characteristics. Jf you are fairly good at
that test go a little further and sec if ycu can take a pencil and
prpei and maks a memory sketch of him that looks at all like your
subject. Ycu will probably never get to the drawing stage unless
ycu are a trained artist, because you will find that you have failed
miserably in your description. It all goes to show' how much we
think we are seeing all the time snd how little we really see. It
also demonstrates why in criminal proceedings so much circum
stantial evidence of a contradictoiy nature appears when witnesses
must depend upon their own mental pictures for purposes of iden
tification. This -week we carry on the interesting test by a descrip
tion of Archbishop 3iordE.ii as ht really is, and follow it with the
descriptions of those who are sure they can describe him perfectly
— or at least have known him for a long time personally and should
be able to give an accurate identification.
"Now, as to his dress. It's black, of
course: but I never, noticed ' his jewelry
well enough to describe it.' He doesh't
wear anythirg but the Insignia ring and a
long chain. Of that I am certain.
"The shape of his face is— well— now I
won't be certain on that point. If I had
a photograph I could give you an excel- "
lent description of him. I will say, how
ever, that his Grace has ' features that
show rare refinement. There is no pecu
liarity of manner or dress that I have
ever noticed— though he would impress
you anywhere as a prelate of the high
est order; a man of great spiritual force."
rATHEB PATRICK KERRY —
"There are many distinguishing fea
tures about Archbishop Riordan that must
alwayy impress themselves on every ona
who ;/es or hears him," said Father Pat
rick Kerry. "He has a noble brow, broad
and high, with hair just turned iron gray.
His nose is straight and neither short nor
long; a nose that shows a fine; sensitive
nature and at the same time a nose sug
festive of force and power. His mouth Is
rm and yet kindly, with lips that are not
very full. The most noticeau.e feature of
his face Is the unusual length of hia up
per Up, which, however, does not look ab
normal, though it adds much to the
strength of his face. Hia voice Is deep—
a rich basso. I should call It, and-his eyes
—well, now.^here you've rot m« I could
not be certain of their color..
"He la a big man — over six feet tall,
though he is not exceptionally heavy. I
think he weighs about 185 pounds.
"His full name is Patrick William
Riordan and he was born in New Bruns
wick, Nova Scotia. 61 years ago. When a
child his parents took him to Ireland, but
he is really a Canadian by birth.
"He Is a man of grave, studious per
sonality; a man who gives you the im
pression of having: a thorough knowledge
of men and things as well as an inborn
religious- fervor/ At a glance he ia the
prelate. No one could ever mis talc a him
for anything 'else. /
"His dress is characteristic and wholly
suggestive of spiritual absorption— as one
who gives little thought to clothes. On
the street, ¦ as • in .the house, he wears
black; - sometimes a sack coat -with aott
hat ; sometimes a • Prince Albert with ' sills
hat and with both the pcrple stock.
"He never wears any other jewelry than
the episcopal ring— on the third finger of
his left hand, I think— and the long sol*
chain with cross attached."
"His dress, of course, is black, and he
wears no jewelry except the chain holding
the cross and the episcopal ring. I could
not be sure which hand he wears it on."
FATHER LOONEY—
St. Charles Borrbmeo.
"Sure, and if I had a photograph I
could give you a very good description
of his Grace, "said Father Looney of St.
Charles Borromeo Church, '.'but for all
the ¦ times I have seen him I couldn't be
lure of his eyes are blue or gray or brown.
And I couldn't tell you the color of hia
hair, though I think It Is -gray.
"He's a big man, of course; about six
feet tall, I think. No, I couldn't guess
how much he weighs.
"I'm not good .at descriptions, but hia
name is Patrick William Riordan. Of
that I'm very sure. He is about 60 years
old. but doesn't look it, for he jgalks fine
and erect.
"There are no scars about either his
hands or face. He is one of the hand
somest men I ever saw; a/ very manly
man; a man who could not fail to impress
even the least observing with is dignity
and spiritual calm.
"I have only been In San Francisco
about two months, and in that time I hava
seen Archbishop ±tiordan just once," said
leather Moran, "but ne is a man who,
once seen, is never forgotten.
"His eyes are gray; very clear and pen
etrating—but they look at you with the
greatest kindliness. His nose is fine and
straight— of an even length. His fore
head is broad and high— a splendid fore
head, denoting the scholar as well as the
prelate— and his hair is just turning gray—
an iron gray — anii is brushed back from
the temples on both sides.
"He is a tall man— about my own height,
I think— or perhaps a little taller. To be
exact, about six . feet one or two inches
tall. He^ls noP of a massive frame. He
weighs about 180 pounds. To me he looks
the athlete, even at his present age. whicn
I think is about 60 years.
"His full name is Patrick William Rior
dan, and "he was born in Canada.
"Hi3 dress I do not remember particu
larly, but I know about his jewelry. He
wears a cross and chain and a watch.
Also the Archbishop's ring which I. as a
rellgeuse, have been allowed to kiss. It
Is a beautiful amethyst set in gold and it
is worn on the third finger of his right
hand. I know it so well. And I have
observed his hands, too, when, kissing the
ring; they are small, smooth and a bit
plump.
"He walks with head and shoulders
erect; but he tips slightly to one side as
he walks. I think it is i toward the left
side." j/\\
rATHEB JONES— /
St. Dominic's.
Father Jones has a pair of blue eyes
that look through you. Apparently they
do the same witn the Archbishop.
- "I know how tall he is," he said. "He
is Just six feet. I know t because once I
bumped into him and we were exactly on
a level.
"He weighs 160 pounds. I don't know
the color of his eyes, but I know that his
hair is brown and that it is thinning
slightly.
•His face is rather long— but that point
is not as marked as the height of his fore
head. It is very high.
"I have never noticed any jewelry ex
cept the ring that he wears according to
his privilege— the ring that denotes hia
rank. Of course his dress in the pulpit
is according to the custom of the church.
In private life it is never twice alike. I
have seen him wear every kind of hat
from a soft boyish hat to a stately silk
one; every kind of coat from a short busk
ness coat to a Prince Albert. He never
appears to care much' how he looks. He
gives one the impression of being indiffer
ent to matters so trifling as dress.
\ "No, there is no marked peculiarity
about his appearance. If you met him on
the street you would not notice him. But
when you come to hear him talk you are
impressed with his commanding air, that
of a man who is used to leading.
"I have not the slightest idea what hia
hands are like. I never notice hands. He
has no scar that I know of.
"His walk is impetuous, quick; that or
a busy man who is always bent upon
something new, who has no time to waste.
"His full name is Patrick William Rior
dan, and he is a Canadian."
FATHER MOHAN—
"The most noticeable thing that I know
about him is his remarkable voice. It is
very round and sonorous. His face is long,
his forehead high.
"His hair and eyes are dark brown. The
hair is thlnnlnsr a bit. ~
Sister Mary shied charmingly at the
audacity of guessing about the Arch
bishop.
"I know so little about mankind," she
demurred, "how can I tell what he may
weigh or how high he may stand? I
weigh 108; therefore I should guess that
he must -be quite as much as 150, but I
have no Idea of what a man weighs. And
as to his height— that, too, puts me at a
loss. Is five feet nine considered a tall
man? Then let me say live feet nine.
"His full name is Patrick William Rlor
dan, and be was born in Canada. Ha
seems to be about 59 years old. .
"As to the shape of his face— well, now,
I cannot be certain whether it Is round or
square. His brow is broad and high, and
he has a tine straight nose. His face la
not such a one that you would study
feature by feature, xou would remember
It best for its gravity, and more than all
for an impressive grandeur that baffles
description."
_....,» : *;^
SISTER
Of Presentation Convent.
"On the street he Is always dressed ta
black— a long Prince Albert coat, a high,
cut vest, just revealing a purple stock,
and a silk hat. His only jewelry is a Ions
gold .chain from which hangs the cross
and an episcopal ring worn on his left
hand. He has no other ornaments of any
sort. MWrtlHW
Try a Description
and See How Near
Right You Come.
Here Is a flernory
lest That Cannot
Fail to Interest.
CAN YOU DESCRIBE YOUR BEST FRIEND SO THAT THE
POLICE WOULD KNOW HIM?
11
f; ,_ ' ) . ;. • ¦¦¦¦... '
THE ; /SUNDAY^ • CALL; :
Photo by Taber.The latest addition to the list of "The
Great People's Series." published by D.
Appleton & Co., New York, is "The
French People." by Arthur Hassall, M.
A., student of Christ Church, Oxford, and
nuthor of "Tho Ralanco of rower," etc.
This excellent series is under the able
editorship of Dr. York Powell, reglus pro.
f'-fcsor at modern history In the Unlver
elty of Oxford. The present volume la
uniform In appearance w jth tho»e of
the Br-ilfH that hnvo preceded It, Tha.
book Kfvew us full nn account of Kre'nch
hlHtory an rnn he crowded Into th« small
ppneo of four hundred prnroii, and coul,d
not bo Improve upon an n flrat work for
tho Htuilcnt, T»in ntyle la direct nnd road,
able. At th« rnd of tno volume, In ml.li.
tlon to it full and alphabetical Inrtox, Is
rIvmi n llHt of volumes on und relnled i 0
Krfnch hUlory Unit will prove , of vuluo
to thoee wlig wlkli «o nioko a more ex
tauw study of tho subject or dtalro to
Tha French People.
Some of the leading incidents in the
novel "Tho Ordeal of Elizabeth" evidently
found their inspiration In certain.sensa
tional murder cases which have occupied
a prominent place In. tho newspapers
within the last few years. Elizabeth Van
Vorst, the herolno, is a beautiful young:
jrirl who liven in a country town near New
York. On her father's side she Is the de
scendant of an old Dutch family. : Eliza
beth's father, Peter Van Vorst, had mar
ried secretly the daughter of a barkeeper.
Peter did not confess his marriage until
the death of his widowed mother left him
maHter of his property. Peter and his
wife died In tho early infancy of their
daughter Elizabeth, leaving her to the
cure of two maiden aunts of Peter. Ellza
btith grownup under ¦ tha rofinlnff In
fluences of these ladles. In her appear
ance and In her naturo she seems to have
inherited tha characteristics of her
father's fnmlly. Kilzabeth Is shut nil
from the beat socluty of her native town
because the neighbors foar that she may
rmvfl inherlM tho tendfmejos of her
mother, who bfiforo her mnrrluRfl whb not
only poor but not even respectable, A
flmer of Kllauboth's mother llv.m with
nor dauffhtor Amanda In tho village. One
day when Klljtubnth ts calllnit nt the homo
of.uilH until rilm moots ft mnn named I'ruI
llnllec. Jiallfiek la a munlolnn. Hildas
IHinuwtKlnji n beautiful voloo he In unusu
idly hiiiidnonie. Mnlleok In on iilg wi\y
Irom Chicago to Now York, and him
flopped to vlult th« town where ha vvu*
burn, ilnllcck und Elizabeth fall lu lovo
The Ordeal of Elizabeth.
The Story of Books.
"The Story of Cooks," by Gertrude B.
CASTLES IN SPAIN— By Winifred Sack
ville-Rtoner. The Abbey Press, New York. It.
HAR LAMPKINS— By Abel Patton. The
Abbey PrMs. New York. %\.
THE PHANTOM CARAVAN — By Cordelia
Powell Odenhelmer. The Abbey Press. New
York. $1.
> A GOLDKN WAY— By Albert Leroy Bart-
Ictt. The' Abbey Press, New York. II 60.
WHERE MAGNOLIAS BLOOM— Py F. B.
, Cullens. The Abbey Press, New Yorlc W)
cents.
KAIRVIEWS MYSTERY— By O*orge H.
MarqulM. The Abbey Press. New York. 75
""vHlTIIER ARE WE DRIFTING?— By Otto
¦ 8techhan. Th* Abbey Press. New York. %\\
UNREQUITED LOVE— By Otto Stechhan^
The Abbey Press. New York. II.
THE SILVER COKD AND THE OOLDEN
BOWL By Orace Adele Pierce. The Abbey
PresK, New York. St.
' HESTER BLAIR — By William Henry Car
son. C. M. Clark Publishing Company. Bos
'ton. $1 BO.
PRACTICAL ASTROLOGY— By Comte C. (\<s
Batnt-Oernialn. Lnlrrt A Lee, Chicago. $t.
NAUGHTY NAN— By John Luth*r Long.
The Century Compunv. New York. $1 SO.
POLICEMAN FLYNN — By Elliott Ftower.
The Century Company. New York. >t 50.
Books Received.
The life of lords and ladles of high de-.
pree and their opinions upon, a great va
riety cf subjects are chronicled at length
by Violet Twoedale in a novel called "Her
Grace's Secret." Her Grace tho Uuchess
of Glenroy Is a beautiful woman with a
past, about whoso mystery all her friends
puzzle their noble heads ln vain, until the
lady sees fit to divulge It ln a very dra-.
ma'tlc scene at tho end of tho book. The
novel Is of tho scml-scnsatlonal kind, in
which the tension of a slowJy unfolding
plot Is relieved by the Introduction •¦ of
moral dlscoures upon the loveliness of
virtue and the hatefulness of vice. (Pub
lished by George W. Jacobs & Co., Phila
delphia.) • •.: " • .
Her Grace's Secret.
The Magazines.
AINSLEB'S MAGAZINE.
"Hunting Big Game"— Allen fiangres.
"Ultimatum" — Charlotte Becker. .
"The Saving of Mrs. Mervlne"— Josephine
Dlxon.
"Llnrs"— Robert' Loveman.
.•"Results of Psychical Research"— Th» R«v.
Mlnot J, Havage, D,D. •' \
"The Pausing of Black Kagrln"— Olivier
Henry, • t
.¦ "Canada From B«a to 8ea"— Herman Whlt
aker.
' "The Fortune* of, Lai Faveraham"— Ilafael
Uttli'itlnl, . ' t ' •
"»y the Reaches of th» Be&y— Luallen c«»i
T*tem, / .-.,
(( Ji0tw«en the 'Lights"— A.' fl. Ivlns.
, "Mun nnd 111* Btom»teh"— Arthur ilanry.
' "An Adventure In ¦ Newgate"— May KrUxy
Clminplcn. •»
*'On th« flrnnrl Tlnnks"— P. ,T. MnHrath.
"Mfo.ftnd Horrew"— Arthur Rtrlnitri
"PolanPl 'Melkvar. lilcro"— Paul Ward 'Back.
•'Tojiltjs of lh» TiiMtPP."
i .-,.;, ATLANTIC MONTHLY. 4 ' ¦;
••Dylow Illll, i'urt Oiib"— a. W. Cablt.
The American Book Company of New
York has just published a student's edi
tion of "(^nesar's Commentaries on the
Gallic War." This work is provided with
Introduction, notes and a vocabulary by
Albert Harkncss^ Ph.D., LL.D,, profes
sor emeritus in Brown University. Pro
fessor JInrkntMs has been assisted by
Charles H. Forbes, A. B., professor of
Latin- in Phillips Academy, Andover,
Mass. The book la furnished with an in
troduction containing an outllno' of .the
life of Caesar, a description ln brief of the
scenes of his military operations ln Gaul,
Germany and Britain and a short treatise
on the military cyiitem of the Romans.
The notes arc well fitted to guide the
student and to interest him 'In the stir
ring events recorded in the Commentaries.
In the notes to the earlier books questions
are Interspersed at Intervals to aid the
student in adding to his stock of knowl
edge in a definite and pootltlve form such
grammatical and historical information as
the' author place* within his reach. In
thouo questions the. historical aeDect of
the study is especially emphasized.
In the vocabulary special attention Is
givon to etymology, but the treatment Is
made as slmploas possible with the sole
aim of aiding the' student in understand
ing and appreciating the significant ele
ments of words. The important subject of
idioms and phrases receives \ due atten
tion. . • , . ',.-,
Among the most striking features of the
work are the nlno colored plates Illustra
tive of the military system of the Ro
mans, which have been made only after
consultation with tho highest authorities
and reproduced in the natural colors.
Besides those there are many other illus
trations, eleven plans of battles, seven
GyfPrlcTua.) 8^ a e - eral **» ° f
Commentary of the Gallic War.
McClure. Phillips & Co. will publish the
following books the coming spring: "The
Madness of Philip, and Other Storie* of
Childhood," illustrated by F. T. Cory, .
Josephine Dodge Daskam; "The Blazed I
Trail" (Illustrated), Stewart Edward '
White: "Next to the Ground." Martha
McCulloch- Williams; "Volume of Short
Stories," Rpbert Barr; "Musical Guide."
•Kupert Hughes: "Forest Neighbors." W.
D. Hulbert; "The Hound Of the Basker
villes" (a Sherlock Holmes story), A.
Conan Doyle; "Reminiscences of Sixty
Years In Public Affairs," George S. Bout
well; "The Making of a Statesman" (a>
novelette and^other stories of Georgia),
Joel Chandler Harris: "Political Por
traits." William Allen White; "The Kins '
and Queen of Hearts" (fac-slm!le of orig
inal, published in 1806), Charles Lamb:
"An Island Cabin." Arthur Henry; "Red
Saundera." H. W. Phillips; "Wireless
Telegraphy," Gugllelmo Marconi; "Un
published Letters of Daniel Webster."
;•'?/ MARIPOS A LILIES. :'•¦*-">>:?
Ehe gave me a handful of lilies.
Wild flowers from sunny Jilllslde;
Beautiful cups of gold they seemed
At the hour of eventide.
But In the sunshine of morning
They opened — the beautiful things,
The . Jewel-gemmed butterfly lilies
Had found and fluttered their wings
AFLOAT.
On long past midnight skies
Of sapphire afloat,
'Mid myriads of stars,
There sails a silver boat.
Beneath a star It dips JK ~
Upon Its lonely way.
And drifts a hopeless wreck
Into the harbor— day.
LEST THB LOVED DEAD COMB BACK
a J AGAIN.
Lefct the loved dead come back again.
Groping their way through the Infinite space,
Snatching a torch from among the bright stars,
To light a pathway unto thy face;
Lest they come back with unheard tread-
Be faithful ever unto your dead.
Lest the loved dead come back again.
Wearying for you In the world of bliss,
Long-Ing to wreathe you with unseen arma.
To seal you their own with the old-time kiss;
And with white fingers your hair to thread-
Be faithful ever unto your dead.
Lest your loved dead come back again,
Let not your heart to the living stray.
Lot a star-torch fall from cold, white hands.
Lest despairing the loved ones turn away;
Lest they come back with unheard tread-
Be faithful ever unto your dead.
(Published by A. M. Robertson, San
Francisco. Price $1.)
A small volume of poems by Grace Hib
bard is issued under the title "California
.Violets." The poems are short, simple,
melodious . songs, of which the. following
are representative:
California Violets.
warmest welcome. Merton's cleverness
wins for him a scholarship at Oxford,
and later an appointment as private sec
retary to one of the Cabinet "Ministers,
In London Wainwright gains an entrance
into fashionable society, and there- he
learns to become ashamed of his connec
tion with the unfashionable life of Win
stow. Even Ursula Grey, Merton's dear
est friend, comes in for her share of neg
lect when Merton realizes that she Has
not the style of the London women of his?
acquaintance. Merton .ends by breaking
off his Intimacy with Ursula In a heart
less manner. He becomes engaged to' the
daughter of the Minister, but this- girl
soon Jilts him, for some one with more
brilliant prospects. Merton, at last ap
preciating the dlstnterestednesa of Ur
sula's friendship for him, goes to her to
ask her to marry him. . But she has al
ready found a happiness he could not give
her ln the affection of a man who cares
for her for herself alone und not for the
worldly advantages which Hrst attracted
Merton. 'The story is simple but attrac
tive. (Published by Dodd, Mead & Co.;
New York, Price tl M.)
THB ERA. 'v ? „
"l'e.»<«"™H, timutur Hmlih j r ,
*«!I T ii!-%If o *. no * 11 t0 P «'»ai«"--John Lang-
Quit 1 If ft ("Hi I
"Ths Sail 11 — Nathan MaskoU Pol*.
D«ti' h M° ff l" Falsehoods 11 — CWorga, 'w.
xuini* ***' to tb * x "» >: '— wiuuuu u«a.co4
"The Dressmaker" — Mrs. A* L. Gorman
"The Fashion* of London"— Mrs. Arhi.
"The Interpretation of Beauty"— n. Hudson
Moore.' . . •
"Ptntorlal Photography"— Juan C. Ab«l
"The Chatelaine of :Chetlcamp" — Charles O
D. Ftoberta.
"Tha Early Spring"— Lulu Whedon Mltehall.
"Athletics for Women— Fencing"— Reel*
Benao, ,
"Hoclul Obiervanofd"— Mr», Frank Learned
THE DELINEATOn.
THE CENTURY.
"Fable of the Old Fox' and the Young
Fox"— Georze Ade.
"De Cirque at Ol' Ste. Anne" — Wallace
Bruce Amsbary.
"The Btrlke on the SchlafeplaU Railroad" —
John Luther Long. ;
"A Bavarian Brlc-a-Brac Hunt" — PhlliD O.
Hubert Jr.
"In Samoa with Stevenson" — Isobel Oa
bourne tStronz.
"The Call of the Sea"— L. Frank Tooker.
Four Drawings by Charles Livingston Bull.
"A Marionette Theater In New York" —
Franc!* H. Nichols.
• "Little Stories"— S.' Weir Mitchell.
"King James of Beaver Island" — Edward
Frost Watroun.
SMART SET.
t"Araby" — Baroness von Hutten. '
"February" — William Struthers.
"Her Investitures" — G. Vere Tyler.
"By Contraries" — John B. Tabb.
"Another folnt of Viow" — N. C. G.
."A Little Supper In Ban Francisco" — Gelett
Burgess.
' "In Pursuit of the Duchess-yEmerlc Hulme-
Iicar.ian. i '
"Daphne" — Bllxs Carman.
"Enter Lord Ix>ve" — Annie MacGregor.
"The King's Kiss" — Theodosia. Garrison.
"A Syrian Night" — Clinton Scollard.
"The Penance of Hedwlg"— Lillian Bell.
"Poor Little Girl"— Elltabeth Hartnan.
"A Man'« Wish"— McCrea Pickering.
"Tha Gayetles of Paris"— Edgar Saltun.
"Sheltered"— Charles Hanson Towno.
THE BOOKMAN.
. "The Poet's 1 Joy" — Frank Dempster Sher
man. < ,
* "Thomas Nast "and Hla Cartoons" — Arthur
Uartlett Maurice.
' "The Great Newspapers of the United
States"— Hutchlns Hapcood and Arthur Bart
lett Maurice.
"Jane Austen and Her Country"— Richard
Garnett.
"A National Library of the United States"
—Herbert Putnam.
"The Coming Comedy of American Man
ners"— Nelth Boyce.
"Widowed"— Elaa Barker.
"The Carnegie Institution"— Daniel Colt
Gllman.
PEARSON'S MAGAZINE
"More Adventures of Captain Kettle" — Cut
llffe" Hyne.
"One Day With "a Busy Spider" — Frank
Marshall White. '
"The Terror of Tankerville" — George A.
Best.
"A Maker of Saints" — Robert H. 8hcrard.
."The Willy- Wispy"— Virginia Woodward
Cloud.
"The , Suitors of Yvonne" — Rafael Saba
tlnl.
"My Love Affair" — Orme Agnus. ¦'
"Indian 'Nights' Entertainment"— A. Sarath
Kumar Ghosh.
'•A Gale Off Cap* Horn"— Charles D. Davis.
. 'The Story of tha Grape Vine"— Aloyslus
"The Tragic Tale of Two Goats'"— William
E. Carlln.
"In the Haunts of the Hare" — Edwin
Sandys. . .
"Skating on Dutch Canals" — C. • Edwardes.
"Indian Blanketry" — George Wharton James.
logical order, bo that the result is an in
teresting form of biography. The book
will appeal not only to admirers of Lin
coln, but to lovers of good stories as
well. (Published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. Price 75 cents.) '
MPPINCOTT'H.
"WIM OaU"—Frane!s Wntne Wharton,
¦ "A Uahy's. Laugh"— Dora Iti»l4 Ooodaje,
VThe Klljuibflthan Theater"— Pro(ei«or S>1!«
13, HoMllng,
"Tim .11111 Olrl to H»r Lov«'»— WIU«r<J Lynn.
"Tim Him ot the K4th«rs"— «. Wslr Mitch
ell. M. I). ,
"Dirrnrantwi"— Pnul L*ur«ne« imnhnr.
"Thft.Iwthinlftn Canal from tha Heslnnln*"—
CliHi'leH Morris.. ' ' "
"A \Vii,vi»l<l« eonfllot"— Mabel Nelson Thur*
"At MM"— l0llr«.»M»th Darantt Msltr. *
"A l'Jnymal* uf l*tu"~ autuitix da BttbAft.
HARPER'B' BAZAR.
"The. Management of Huabanda"--Linun
Bell.
"An Eptsorta at Mm, KlrkpatrickV'—ISllia.
beth G. Jordan. .
"Hprlne and Death," poem— C. B, Qoln*.
"Tha Study of Bon* In • Florence"— Barah
Elliott.
/ HARPER'S MAGAZINE.
"The Lineage of the English Bible"— H. W.
Hoa.ro.
"Grandmother"— Roy Rolfe Qllson.
"Sophistication"— Jeanette Bliss OUlespy.
"Our Tree-Top Library"— Richard Le Oal
¦*rh'e Question" — Oraca Denlo Lltchfteld.
' "The Changeless" — Mary Applewhite Bacon.
"A Seashore Laboratory" — Henry F. Os
born LL.D. 'V / • .
"A Story of King Jullut" — Ajrihus Cplton.
"Invisible Beauty"— Marcus IWed.
"The Old Country"— Josephine Dodge Dai-
a *'Korea and Her Emperor"— Alfred Stead.
."The Deserted Village" — Edwin A. Abbey,
"Love Letters ' of ' FaJstafCV—Janie* Branch
Cabell. ¦''•¦¦• • ~ ¦ . ' \
"Anarchism In Lanfuase"— Joseph \ntzger
aid. '
"The Callfornlan's Tale"— Mark Twain.
"Ballad of the Chiracs"— Harrison 8. Mor
ris. --¦"..•
¦ "The Joy of Gardens"— Julius Norregard.
"The Point of View In Fiction" — Agnei
Hoppeller.
"Wild Beauts Behind the Bars" — C.-Bryson
Taylor. . ' •
"A Bachelor's , Ward" — Sarah Beaumont
Kennedy. .
: "The Lapidary"— Martha Gilbert Dickin
son. ¦ :.'•"'•'.'
, "Where Friendship Ceases" — Eleanor Hoyt.
/'Eugene Field as a Western. Journalist"—
Arthur Chapmen. ¦ -
: "Qrettir at Drangey" — Frank Norris.
"The Fisherman and His Foes". — E. Crayton
McCants. . . , ' > .
"Grebes and Loons"— Herbert K. Job.
"The Loud-Talking Telephone"— Eugene P.
Lyle Jr,
FRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY.
"The Ivory'Clty" — T. Cuyler. Smith.
"The Day's Disguise" — K. M. Cleary.
"The Little Man"— May Harris.
"Marconi the Man"— A triend.
"Marconi's Triumph"— C. R. Watson. •
"An Imperial American Yacht"— -Wallace
Downey."
"The Governor Pro Tem" — J. E. Dunning.
EVERYBODY'S MAGAZINE.
"Pussy Willow I>ealgn"-r-J. Horace McFar
land. ¦-¦/..' • •¦ ¦
Frontispiece— Garden of Mrs. Jack Gardner.
' "The ¦ Animals of the Farm" — I. P. Rob
erts. • ¦ ¦. -i '
"A New England Home" — Benjamin
Brooks. ' .
i "The Sugar-Bush" — W. Frank McClure. •*
"The Passing of the Blacktall" — Minnie J.
Reynolds. ¦
"Common Sense In the Poultry Yard" —
Huro Erich son. . ¦/
"The Key of the Fields"— Clinton Danger- ¦
field. - ,
"The Life of the Trapper"— A. Radclyffe
Dugmore. . ¦
"A Promise" — Beatrice E. Rice.
.- "The End of Winter" — Danske Dandridge.
"How to Make ; a Garden — The Lawn" —
Samuel Parsons Jr., Warren H. Manning, W.
C. Egan, P. J. Berkmens. William Falconer.
"The Comlnjc of Spring"— W. B. Thornton. •
"A Crop of Lettuce"— W. W. Tracy.
"The Flight of the . Osprey"— Alfred J.
Meyer. ,
COUNTRY LIFE IN AMERICA.
"A Great Southern Exposition" — James B.
Townsend. \ . . ¦ ¦ .
The story, as may be guessed from the
plot, is not of a high class of fiction. Yet
it is not unwholesome, in spite of the tew
theatrical situations which It contains.
.The name of the author Is not published.
(Published by J. F. Taylor &, Co., New
York. Price |l 50. ; ;
ner perrect freedom ot action. * - onowlng
this belief Elizabeth yields to the persua
sions of Gcrrard, who does not know of
her marriage, and becomes, engaged to
him. A short time before the day set for
her second marriage Elizabeth confesses
to .Gerard that she is the wife of. Halleck.
Gerard It* so indignant at the duplicity of
Elizabeth that he goes at once to Europe
to be out of her sight.. A week later
Halleck is killed by drinking a flask of
poisoned wine sent to him through the
mall. Suspicion points to Elizabeth an
the murderer, for her marriage to Halleck
has become known at his death, and her
reasons for wishing him out of the way
are surmised. Elizabeth is arrested and
tried. Gerard is summoned from Europe
by friends of Elizabeth and arrives in
time .to give • testimony which helps to
lead to a verdict In Elizabeth's favor.
Elizabeth Is pronounced not guilty and set
free?. After the trial the real murderer Is
discovered to have been Elizabeth's cousin
Amanda. When Elizabeth gains her free
dom she 'promises for the second time to
become the wife of. Gerard.
The Monthly Impressions, published by
Elder & Shepard of San Francisco, ha9
been changed to a quarterly under the
name of Impressions Quarterly. Th->
number of March contains the following
interesting contents: "On. the Principle
of Loyalty in Biography," by Anna
Strunsky; "Hawthorne and Lavender: A
Review." by Dorothea Moore; "Wayfar
ers in Italy: A Review," by Rev. Henry
E. O'Keeffe. C. S. P.; "Culturine." by
Thomas Dykes Beasley; "Notes From a
Reading of Edwin Markham's "Lincoln.* "
by E. C. T.; "Setters of Types," by Frank
B. Rae Jr.; "The Perils of Prophecy," by
Lorenzo Sosso; "The Moriscos of Spain:
A Review," by E. C. Moore; "A Forgot
ten Classic: An Appreciation," by T. C
W.; "A Great American Potter," by H.
\V. Rolfe; "The Listening Child: An Ap
preciation," by Dora.Amsden; "The For
est and the Night^ A Poem," by L.
Gerstle Mack; "Supplication," by Edwin
Markham; "A Swarm of Bees Worth
Hiving"; supplements— Impressions Book
mark No. 2, Baby Roland, by George
Hansen. -
* Little, Brown & Co. will publish this
spring a book by a new and promising
Western author which is destined to at
tract considerable attention. Frances
Charles, a California n. has written a tale
of the Southwest, entitled "In the Country
God Forgot." The hate of a rich oltl
farmer of Arizona for his only son Is the
theme of 'the story. There are clever blta
of philosophy, ably drawn character
sketches and stirring dramatic scenes,
and the whole book is brimful of human
nature.
The Scribners published the following
books on February 21: 'The Valley of De
cision," by Edith Wharton, her nrst long
novel : * -ulsen's "Inamanuet Kant — His
Life and Doctrine," translated by Pro
fessors Creighton and Lefevre of the
Chicago University; "Melomaniacs," by
James Hunekcr, and a new permanent
library edition of Theodore Kooseve»t's
"The Rough .Riders," with forty illustra
tions and a portrait of the author.
Colonel William Byrd of Westover, "the
mos: accomplished and wittlesi Virginian
of his time, ' whose writings have just
been published in a de luxe edition, figures
in Miss Mary Johnston's new story
"Audrey." His daughter, the famous
beauty Evelyn, al.so plays an important
part and forms a stateiy contrast to the
woodland heroine Audrey. It would be
hard to find two more charming char
acters in recent fiction. v
Literary Notes.
Wallace Irwln. whose "Love Sonnets of
a Hoodlum" has already reached the 12,
000 mark, has another book of verse in
the hands of his publishers, Messrs. El
der & Shepard oi San FFancisco. This
time Mr. Irwin leaves the realms of slang
and devotes himself to an Imitative
rubalyat. which he calls "The Rubaiyat
of Omar Khayyam Jr." The book i3 to
be illustrated by Gelett Burgess.
A book which is interesting and in
many portions amusing is "Lincoln, in
Story." by Silas G. Pratt The work is,
in the main, a compilation of anecdotes,
of most of which Lincoln is the hero, al
though a few are favorite stories he used
to tell. A short sketch of Lincoln's life
is given, and the stories which relate to
his own career are presented in chrono-
Lincoln in Story.
Under the title "The Creed of the Pres-
byterians," Dr. Egbert "W. Smith" has
written a history of the doctrines of the
church which has followed the leadership
of Calvin. In respect to his purpose in
writing this b.ook. Dr. Smith says that he
offers it as an answer to those who have
of recent years sought to criticize the
creed* of his church. The book contains
a history of the formulation of the'West
minster Confession, with some remarks of
the value -of that creed as a system of
religion. The contents of the book are ar-'
ranged under the' following heads: "The
Creed Formulated," "The Creed Tested by
Its Fruits," "The Creed Illustrated,"
"The Creed's Catholicity."- (Published by
the Baker & Taylor Company, New York.
Price CO cents.)
The Creed of the Presbyterians.
"Blackbeard," a pirate who Is a real pi
rate in every sense of the word, is an
other character that more than holds his
own In the reader's attention. He it is
who steals Bonnet's ship and, further,
carries off the hero, dresses him up like a
ita?e admiral and swears that he will
carry him to his buxom daughter in
merry old England as soon as he can get
borne. «^
Zt would be a theme - to spoil a good
¦tory by telling; the plot In anythlns less
than Mr. Stockton's own words. The book
Is delightful from beginning; to end and
will make many a cheerful hour for many
a person In the days to come. The humor
Is clean, keen and delicious and there in
goodly quantity, while the story Itself for
dramatic Incidents and love Interest will
rank with any that has recently come to
our notice. "Kate Bonnet" is published
by D. Appleton & Co., New York. Price
tl CO. *> ••, ».-:>
The Scotchman la Quite a character In
himself and strongly reminiscent of the
•'Hoot lion" In the popular comic opera.
•The Idol's Eye." Like the "Hoot Mon,"
Etockton'e Scotchman Is always turning
tip at the wrong time to thwart the well
laid piratical ecbemea of the amateur sea
robber. - V t .'
The tale commences with the ship about
to Ball and Bonnet burning to be on the
ocean broad and looked up to aa the ter
ror of the seas. The cSmplicatlons that
arise from the desire of the crew to eteal
his vessel from him 'are only but barely
forgotten when a real pirate seizes the
chip by treachery and makes Bonnet his
clerk. Bonnet finally extricates himself
from these etraits and pursues even a
more glorious piratical career in the fu
ture despite the efforts of his family and
the faithful Scotch servant who will not
leave him.
The Ftory Itself is even better than
"Mrs. I^erks and Mrs. Aleshine" for orig
inality of conceit. Stede Bonnet — father
of Kate, retired Kngllsh army officer, es
teemed sugar planter of Barbadoes, and
then bold pirate of the high seas— is the
most thoroughly Stocktonesque being of
All. He gathers around him a ruffianly
crew of ex or would-be pirates, buys a
chip, and then the trouble begins.
The author's versatility in throwing the
possible ending of his story into a fasci
r.atiriR and va,gu« obscurity is only sec
onded !>y his pov.er in giving all his char
acters a distinct individuality in making
thrm one and all bo interesting that when
any one of them holds the boards for a
brief spell he or she is equally welcome.
As there is a doubt avrakened in the
reader's mind regarding the hero of Mr.
Stockton's intention so, at one time, it
Eeezns as UiouRh there must be a mistake
Jn the heroine: for Mr. Stockton divides
the honors very fairly between Kate and
a charming young maid who sticks' her
head out of the bushes on A. desert isle
end proceeds! to charm the hero and the
rcs<!cr .is well. -., ' •,\'-
At one time there are four possible
6u;tors for the heroine's hand, Mistress
Kate Bonnet, "The Pirate's "Daughter."
And the odd part about it is that the
reader's opinion is open to conviction in
favor of any one of them. Of course, this
all works out ripbt in the end, and then
you decide that all the time there was
only one m^n who really should have
¦won this estimable young woman, and
that ene was just the lucky man that Mr.
Stockton allowed to draw the prize.
"Kate Bonnet" once be£un. you feel
that you must finish it just to see what
becomes of everybody. There is ; no
novel of the raft months that I can re
call to mind where fo many possible end
ings of the story present themselves as
In this latest book from Stockton's pen.
He does not say this man is good or
this one bad: nor does he in the slightest
\ray give a clew to what you may next
expect from .the people of his mimic life
— he gives them a start and then to all
appearances lets them look out for them
selves.
Stockton possesses In a marked degree
that talent bo rare in writers generally.
He makes the reader himself one of his
chaxactenj. This may sound a bit odd.
yet it is quite true. In "Kate Bonnet"
you feel that you are a part of the story
yourself. Your interest In the characters
Comes about naturally, and through what
the characters themselves have to say
"and not because of anything that the au
thor himself eays about them. Stockton
catches your interest with a tailing inci
dent or description and then, realizing
that he has you fast in the grasp of. cu
riosity, he lets you look to the character
Itself for the satisfaction of your hopes
'or fears.
ONE of the first books of the spring,
and one also that promises to be
well up near the top in the list at
hest book* of the year, is "Kate
Bonnet," by Frank R. Stockton.
This year it Is the same genial, interest
ing Stockton that we have known for the
years past— the author of "The Lady or
the Tiger?" of that charming 6tory.
"Rudder Grange," that odd conceit. "The
Casting Away of Mrs. Leeks and Mrs.
Aleshine," an admirable book of short
stories last season, "Afield and Afloat,"
and a host of other tales and novels. His
ehort stories last year were very enjoy
able, but "Kate Bonnet" is more of a
treat, for you learn to know the charac
ters better— end what Stockton characters
«• not worth knowing? Even his villains
are enjoyable.
Rawlings, reviews the history of the pre
servation In permanent form of the litera
ture of historic times. Beginning with the
Inscriptions engraved on tablets and mon
uments, it traces the gradual develop
ment of the art of book-making up to the
present time. The book is short, but it
contains an account of all the important
improvements made in the art of writing
and printing. It is one of the volumes
belonging to the series "The Library of
Useful Books." (Published by D. Apple
ton & Co,. New York. Price 25 cents.)
"England and the War of Secession" — Gold
win Smith. •
"An Old-Time March Meetlnr"— Rowland
E. Robinson.
"Vivisection"— Henry Chllda Merwln.
"The St. Isldor Contract and Pierre" — Flor
ence Wilkinson. . .
" 'Trusts' »ln the Light of Census Returns"
William R. Merriam. ¦ • ¦ ¦.
"Dante As Lyric Poet"— William Roscoe I
Thayer. . ¦ • • • ' ¦¦ -'• *
"Confessions of a Provincial Editor"—Para
celsus.
"Singing Wood"— Harrison & Morris.
"The Philippines: the Educational Problem"
— Fred W. Atkinson.
"The Philippines; the Economic Future" —
Charles A." Conant.
"Only an Episode. Part Two"— Eugenia
Brooks Frothlngham. ¦
"A Roman Warnin»"— Charles E. •. Bennett.
"Herbs" — Lizette Woodworth Reese.
"Municipal Self-Government; Council and
Mayor" — Edwin Burrltt Smith.
COSMOPOLITAN.
"Motherhood" — I,avinia Hart.
v "Costuming the Modern Play" — Roland
Phillips. ~ .
"The Making of' a Sun God" — Kenneth
Brown. ; .
"My TattooeS Friend" — Clara-Morris.
"The Traveler" — Clinton Dangerfield.
McCLURETS MAGAZINE. .
-_ . "Bordering tha Mysteries of Life and Mind"
—Carl Snyder.
,,*, "Marconi" — William Agpenwall Bradley.
;"Klowa'« Revival" — Chauncey Thomat.
"The Trial of Aaron Burr" — Ida M. Tarbeli.
"Riddle of the Nineteenth Century" — Clara
aaorris.
i»; "Next to th« Ground"— Martha McCulloch
\WilIle. t *^ v
< . MUNSEY'S .MAGAZINE. \
• •The New California"— S. M. William*.
"The Black Factor" — Herman Wnttaker.
, "The Gossip Heart" — TlieotlosiaGaroson.
"American Authors Abroad" — George W.
Smalley..
"A Hero's Home Coming" — Douglas Story.
"A Matinee Hero";— Matthew White Jr.
"The Bluff That Carried"— Edward Bolt
wood.
- ¦ "The Massacre of Glencoe"— Duke of Ar
gyll.
"The Strong Men of Italy"— William J. D.
Croke. . ~» • •;
NEW ENGLAND MAGAZINE.
"Mrs. Howe , as Poet. Lecturer and Club
Woman" — George. Willis Cooke.
- "The Conqueror of Caroline' 1 — Eleanor H.
Porter. . - . • .
"America's First Painters" — Rufus Rock
well Wilson. • <.
"The Pilot" — Mary Hall Leonard.
"The Lesser Tragedy" — Grant Richardson.
"Strangers" — Emma Playter Seabury.
"Old Blue Plates"— A. T. Spalding.
NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW.
"Germany's Political Turning Point" — Wolf
von Schlerbrand.
"International Arbitration and the Pan-
American Conference" — Hannis Taylor.
"Muscovite Designs on Manchuria" — L.
Miner. '
"The. Quality of Emotion in Modern Art —
Claude Phillips.
"The Tuberculosis Problem in the United
States"— S. A. .Knopf. M. D.
' 'Constitutional - Powers of the Senate" — W.
H. Moody. • •
"The Question of the Theater" — Brander
Matthews.
. OUTING. .-' v V i
"The Indian Hnter of the Far Northwest:
On the Trail to the Klondike" — Tappan Ad-
n *"Th« Webbed Feet of the North"— Leonlda*
"Country Life In tllfl CottOB Belt"— LCOQ
Winstrow is supposed to a entail
town in a retired part of England. In It
there grew up together a boy and a girl.
The girl, Ursula Grey, is the daughter of
a country gentleman of ancient lineage
but reduced fortune. The boy is Merton
Wainwrlght, the Bon of a tradesman of
the place. In spite of their difference In
rank, Merton and Ursula grow up the
closest of friends. Ursula is attracted to
Merton by the brilliancy of his Intellect,
while In Ursula Merton sees embodied the
graces due to the influence of gentle blood
and refined surroundings, advantages
which he is without. In the home of Mr.
Grey young Wainwricht always finds the
The impossibility of, finding true happi
ness In the search for wealth and posi
tion is the subject of "The World and
Winstrow," a novel by Edith Henrietta
Fowler. . '' ;'
The World and Winstrow.
seek special information op different pe
riods. Price, $1 50.
A wealthy woman. Mrs. Van Antwerp,
who has a country place near Elizabeth's
home, takes a fancy to Elizabeth and
invites her to spend a winter in New
York. Elizabeth goes to New York with
Mrs. Van Antwerp and becomes one ' of
the belles of the season. She wins the
love of a man named Julian Gerard, whom
she learns to love. At this time Halleck
makes a reappearance in Elizabeth's life.
He has made a great success as a singer
and has many opportunities of meeting the
beautiful Miss Van Vorst, as his wife is
known. Elizabeth has endured the re
newed attentions of Halleck, although she
refuses to publish the news of her mar
riage. She haB argued herself into the
belief that the formal bond between Hal
leck and herself need be no hindrance to
with each other. Before Halleck eroea
away he persuades Elizabeth to marry
him clandestinely by agreeing not to pub
lish the marriage until she shall wish it.
After Halleck j,'oes to New York he writes
less and less frequently to Elizabeth, until
his letters cease entirely. Elizabeth at
first Is heart-broken at Halleck' s incon
stancy. At last she realizes that^he hus
been only a passing fancy of f hla, and ho
is unworthy of her regard.
"A Little Sone of the Dawn" — Curtis Wa».
•r-Smlth.
"Amir AMtir Rahmann Khan as a Writer"
—Charles Johnston.
. "Toil'B Mu«e" — John Troland.
"The Ll«ht of Other Days" — Gilbert I'arScor
THE AMERICAN MONTHLY REVIEW OF*
RKVIEWS.
Prince Henry of Prussia — Frontispiece
"The Progress of the World."
Record of Current Events.
"Charles William Eliot, President of Har
vartl University"— Geofge Perry Morris.
"South- American War Issues" — Edwin
Emerson Jr. • ¦ >. a.
"An Alabama Bicentennial."
"Tha Longest Power-Transmission In the
World'*— Thomas Commerford Martin.
"The Metaphysical Movement" — Paul Tyner
"The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the
South"— George W. Carver.
•'German-American .Relations" — George M.
"Practical Missions" — Edwin Munaell Bllsa
"Leading Articles of the Month."
• . THE CRITIC.
"The Lounger."
"Charles Henry Webb" — Edmund Clarence
Stedman.
"China at Long Range" — J. P. Mowbray.
"The German Reviews" — Wolf von Schier
brand.
"Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett at Home"—
Charlotte Harwood.
"Ecce Ibsen:"— Christian Brinton. • .
•The Dead Level of Intelligence" — Gerald
Stanley Lee.
"R. L..S." — Joseph B. Glider.
"Francois Villon" — A. I. du P. Coleman.
THE WORLD'S WORK.
"The Wcndera of the American Desert"—
Robert T. Hill.
"A Night's Work of an Astronomer" — Dr.
T. J. J. See.
"A New Indian Policy" — William A. Jones.
"The War Room at the White- House" —
Waldon Fawoett. V.-:.'-;
"Arctic Cliff Dwellers" — R. Newton Haw
ley.
"To. Utilize the Earth's Interior Heat"—
Theodore Waters.
* "The Uniting of American Society" — Fred
eric Emory.
"The Frontier In Sculpture" — Arthur Good
"The German Emperor aa He Is" — Wolf von
Schlerbrand. ¦ _
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Ccr^u^d by
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
12
vn* k c repaid lor send- jkm
W injj !or ovr illtitratcd IS
catalogvc ol original „_. Mi
II Cards 17
y\ And books, newly it. f/j
/'. (Igned and published f/\
Mfi forthliiuion by \am
|<7 ELDED and SHEPADD
|W 233 Poit Street sfm
&JB Stn I rtnthco Kj*$
? • NOW ISSUED. ° .
Charles Warren 8taddard'a
"In the Footprints '
of jhe Padres."
Mr. Stoddarcl sets forth In this
work his recollections of e.irlv
days In California. Beautifully
llustrated. Book collrctors
' shouU place orders at once In or«
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE 01 HO INHT.
A. M. ROBERTSON, ,4
Purll*h«r. VII Pont Street.
O-— — - QMarriage.
) TMs Is a propitious time for tho con
tracting of marital bands, and thoso who
There should be severe storms with
snow, especially' over the Eastern and
Middle Ktatef. followed by a cold wave,
which will last until the loth.
Health signs are good. The high vibra
tions will bring a hopeful mental state
and renewed energy.
Speculation will be on a large scale, and
big deals will predominate. Largo, for
tunes will be made and lost and tho small
trade will be pushed aside. j . ¦ ..
THE week beginning on Sunday,
March it, will be under the domi
nance of Mars and Uranus. These
influences will yield a remarkable
Mimulus to Inventors and progrcB-
Klve schemes should flourish. The man
of iron nerve will rule, and results will
prove the clllcacy of "push." '•' There
ehould be some unexpected happenings In
th<" buslnenB world, and there may be
soA serious dissensions between labor
and capital.*.' ,\, i
The Secrets of
the Stars
Revealed
upon this day will encounter many dis
couragements In their early life, but will
eventually succeed. The boys should be
como electrical engineers or lnventora.
The girls will not be very happy in mar
ried careers.
March 10, Monday— The children of to
day will be rash, headstrong, energetic,
andx fond of travel. They will be suc
cessful In commercial careers. Both boys
and girls should 1 be lucky In finding lost
or hidden, treasures.
March 11, Tuesday— The children born
upon this day will be trustworthy, and
will fill responsible positions in life. The
boya will possess greaTt executive ability.
The girls .will marry while quite young.
March 12, Wednesday— The chjldren born
upon this day will be bright and clever,
and should be successful in mechanical
invention. They will meet with much op
position arid varied fortune. Some should
be talented in the musical art.
March 13, Thursday— The children of to
day will be reckless and extravagant.
They will be fond of speculation and all
games of chance. The boys should work
In the employ. of others. The girls will
marry quite happily.
March 14, Friday— These children wi!I
be fortunate and should rise to excellent
positions in life. As children they may
be Inclined to Illness, but they will be
long-lived and successful men and women.
March 13, Saturday— The children born
upon this day should be fortunate In all
.of their undertakings. The boya shout;!
acquire wealth In mercantile lines. The
glr'.s will make excellent marriages, and
moat of them will choose elderly men ay
husbands.
ter. was an American girl, and her courts
ahlp by the Duke, lasting for twenty
years, is one of Washington's most
charming rotnanoi s. * lt /v : . ':
and worry In domestic me. touns people
should bo careful In forming new friend
ships.
March 12, Wednesday— Those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth upon
this, date should find success In new cn
terprlEtes during the coming year. There
may be' Illness or accidents to near rela
tives. ' Young women may experience un
happy, love affairs.
March 13, Thursday— Great care In busi
ness should bo exorcised by those who
celebrate . their birthday to-day, for tfiere
is danger-of financial losses. This will
not bfc a. favorable year for travels or for
the making of radical changes. " ¦
March, 14, Friday— This should be an
active year, with prosperity In business,
for thoan whose birthday f,all9 upon thiJ
date. All should avoid speculation and
-tho lending of money. There may be
family worries -for some. :
March 15, Saturday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this. day should carefully
guard their health during the coming
year.
This should prove to be a successful
year for all, and an especially fortunate
one for those engaged In commercial lines.
Young peoplo will marry.
Births.
".The children born during this week will
bo highly. Intelligent, extremely Independ
ent and somewhat reckless. They will
possess a great capacity for work, ajid
although they rrtay De hard to control as
children they will ultimately becomw suc
cessful m&n and women.
. Alarch 9, Sunday— Tho children born
one, marked by rapid 'changes: Much
money will change hands upon this; date.
Birthdays.
March 9, Sunday— Those who celebrate
their birthday upon this date should ex
perience ' a , fortunate year. Business
should ¦ prosper and . professional people
chould ; meet .with , success. Young girls
will, have marriage i suitors. " -
March, 10, "Monday— This- will be an
eventful year! for all who celebrate their
birthday upon this date., Some will travel,
others will, change their, occupations.
There may. bo arguments, disputes and
lawsuits- for. Home.-, <.
¦March ; 11,": Tuesday— This year should
bring an. Increase of Income for those en-
Knged in bimlness'lf their birthday falls
upon this , date. There may bo trouble
Business.
March 8. 8unday-Thls day - should be
spent quietly. There should, be no busi
ness .transacted upon thla day, and those
who contemplate Journeys • should defer
the starting until to-morrow.
March 10, Monday-The dry goods and.
notion trad* should improve upon this
day. With Venus polarized to the. brain
any extreme, new styles should be a suc
ccks. Ask favors and seek work after
11 a. m.
Speculation opens firm, giving a slight
advance In stocks. Metals go up from
10 to 12. Sugar declines at '1.
March 11. Tuesday— Those who seek
work upon this day should meet with suc
cess. ¦ All business consummated upon this
date should yield excellent commercial re
sults.
Sugar opens a bit higher, but all stocks
will bn extremely changeable until 1L
Grain should rise at 12:30, and provisions
by 1 p. m.
March 12, Wednesday-This is an excel
lent day upon which to travel, make
changes of residence and for the signing
of important papers. Those who seek
employment should choose, the hours be
fore 3 p. m. 'v
Stocks open down. Grain should go. up
by 10 uud metals and mining stocks from
11 to 1 p, m.
March 13, Thursday—Contract* should
be signed from 9 to 10 a. m. or from 1 to
- p. m. upon this date. Retail trade
should, flourish to-day, and dealers in
novelties should realize large profits.'
t'. Bank, and railroad stocks open higher."
"Sugar should bo up at 10,. but will be very
• changeable until 12 m. ; Heli early and
often. . '¦ . .
March 14, 'Friday— This is a good day
upon which to. start new lines of work;
to push ' business, to ask favors and to
flnd employment. The lucky, hours of the
day. are from 10 to 11 unc! from 12 to 2.
Markets are bent for minerals and mln
ingstocks.; Grain should lead the market
until .11, 'and Iron should b«j ' In the as
cendency at 13 m. v
March 15, Saturday— This is an excellent
day to buy, clone contracts and to apecu
late.' Tho market should be an exciting
entcr tho wedded atate during this week
should "flnd their domestic life a long and
happy one. The 14th and 15th are the
most fortunate- <Jay« of tne seven.
Senora t 1 *- Infanta, wife of the Chilean
Mir.hitrr, ia a very bandfomQ woman, BlTd
bo lilfv.ise i-j Mi>. de Agsis-Brasil, the
wire or th« Brazilian Mlutstrr. The Duch
ttj ol Arcoa, wlfa ut the Spanleb Miai»-
One of the nwt beautiful women In tho
diplomatic corps Js Mmc Takahira, wire
of the Japanese Minister. ' She dresses
exquisitely. In thr- American style, and on
state orca^jons wears a pearl necklace of
fsLulo'JM value.
Counteeu Quadt In llkeivlise very popu
lar, and may b<- <ul)cd th<* leader of the
younjjcr set In tho diplomatic corps. She
hat a rival, howrv«r. In Mme.'de Wollaiit.
the wifr of the Firxt Secretary of the Ru»
¦lan Embanay. who before, her marriage
was a ."'..-.• TtsddJ a WaEhington girl.
Mme. Ac W«illant la i - ery tall, handsome;
distlnFUlRhfd-looklng and a notable lin
guist. She w;ij< educated abroad and pos
8C'8>>es markrd Oramatlc ability. At one
time fthe had a hot Inn of going on th^
¦tage. but «avf- It up on account of poor
health. She ban played in private, how
ever, and recites' wonderfully.
Counties Qundt Popular.
Mme.' de Margerle ha» bern In Wash
ington only about a y<*ar. but Is fond of
cntcrtalnlnR. and ha« a ready become both
prominent and conf-plcuoun In the social
life of the'cajiital. Sh<- la th«* only woman
in the French Embaoy at present. The
Bmbaasador la married, but hu» never
brought his wife to the United States.
Of tho two remaining «-mbuK5l«»K Italy
'.a«'l'.K mi "l^ml.afdadrcKa," but Mexico
•J"jk«i»8cb one— Senora Dona Bclen Garcia
d« AziJlrcz.
It l» unfortunate (that the lift of "Em
!;a*sadre!«pfH" Is far from complete. Th»»re
Is noOtrmnn "l2fnbnPK.idr<fB«" at ptOtHU
end th<» French ESabiamy Ih In a similar
fix. Mmo. Plorrp do M.Trserlp. wife of
the Counselor of the French Kmbussy, lit
hofitoss thrrr. nnd th»* Counto.»» vun
Quadt-Wyknidt-IfJiy. wife of the flr/t
»ecret«ry. perform* the *ame duties at
th«* Grrfflan Kml.Ji.--sy ordlnurlly. At prox
< ::i she If In Kurojw, and hrr place will
Im« tak^n during Trlnrp Hcnry'n vlalt hy
the wifo of the ncvul Httuchc. Lieutenant
Commnndcr von R^b^ur-I'anchwlts.
• NeVfithr-lrFP, |h^ « 4 0 Uril#M ti #*ir#ttiHy
Jinrulnr. KJip 1i»b tact iihtl mak«"n heJuelf
serrppiilr- in everybody," Inrludlhg new«
f.ajjrf fpporlerp. 'Jlnip tiparly evprybody
hs? pnnnMlilriR pkiifnut lo cey ebout her.
Vf t fh" tiHiHc only hp the daughter of an
tt&lbafeaidof anil liiU' '¦ I'lar-p accordingly
et a White !)¦¦;•. dinner or other social
lunction.
Came to Cenquer,
with ttili fQslpsieai «ne yMimw Coujfc'i
bb| returned \<> \\^])\wuum prepared to,
tpngueri Pjio Inilited ih«i *he hft»i «'
fi»it)i in ffti'ih «f= t* full Hedged Brasilia*
fl, P vivca f.f *»K ihs Minlfctpfi (*l#ti(pdt«n>
tiftfj ; i Nfe«ur«ilji' thin jif^ipnsifin was re«
HhmI Mid liedee ilieii" w^f§ gome h§&Fl«
burutiifig, .
Mneli Jtlttfr feeling has been arnuned
ovrr tlif dsJm* of Wile Miss Cansinl. fiho
u*nt to ICurope last year with her tinrle,
(he i - ¦ i > ¦ -:..!i Enil)Ht«Kadnr, and he per
niadffi the Tzar In maka her u CpuntftM
In lirr <mn right. Then he look her to
I'arlb Hn<1 bOUgtM fnr her a wardrr.hn
Whlrh in . ¦; i to represent a money valun
of fiKV^i, Tin-re in pertainl/ i»o oth«r
woman In IN world noi of fofal rmiu
who pfitsseNses tuch rlnjhes. Peverul of
I lie l.itifc (Ott |f JO and CP/Ki 14 piece,
An fur (Iv women, thrr* Ii nothing »<i
I" r:ild rx.»jt that they are (harming.
Mid iran> if tbrra lubutirul. Of course,
tlm mifi and <l«nshi»ri« of j>jrd fMuncft*
f'tr. Di. uritiMi Embailtflof, tak* Iht
l**«d. tln.ii;:h iho le.idrnl.lp hn« been dtp
ptltcd of lal<* by h dami>r| who** high po«
hllloa and receptions.! beauty have ren
dered h»T n totTBldabkt rival. It Is hardly
K*cree*ary io uy that the Countess Ca»
fcinl Is ih«> young lady in question.
«T* ' V EftlRERS of the diplomatic
( \/\ Porpi'Jii WsshlngtoiW with their
I y I f«milie», rcsttltuu a *ort of no-
| ctety by IheaiMivea. At nil
•vents, ihry htv« tbrir own Ml,
recognised ii jrachi ihongh Ihtjf are own
ipicui iudy a p*rt <\' tht nwt fashionable.
lorlrty O f tli. canitul.
Th« <1ij'!<>n!tnt= nr«». nbovfl all, lender*
ef ilir any mi. it 1* rhnritM that Hi*
BU 11 ;:.'.}n!.1... , Uffly iimftn* ihrro-^hTU. M
I jirrjifiii but poker, mid Roni careful
ii'djiiini.u to'ik iipnn iliftti ni> i1«:iB->rnua
perron*, M-Pilv th«*>' *n«f mniiuclri'. nti<f
ni" further «ilFtipeti!»<lir<i by mi unm!*-
Inknlily fi r» en ait.
THE SUNDAY GALIj.
13
PRETTY WOMEN
OF THE DIPLOMATIC CORPS
AT WASHINGTONbroaden even without our clubs. But
they are ' the only possibility for these
rural women.
Mrs. Mowrle from Irvlngton told me
of the club that she belonged to. Its
members were from Niles and Irvlngton
and they met once every week to discuss
topics of the day and to read aloud boiiw
interesting book. This is what all women
of the small towns could do to make
tHelr lives brighter.
JOisf KATE BULKLEY—
"¦President of the C. F. W. C.
As. I' look forward to (the new year that
we are entering upon— the new year, that
Is, of the federation— I realize that one
of our most important ¦ objects is the
strengthening -of clubs "in the rural dis
tricts.
That is where clubs are needed. Ona
of their chief purposes Is to broaden us,
and the women of the country districts
are the ones who suffer most from a
cramped and narrow life. The cities of
fer much : contact even without the ara
of clubs; women can meet In other ways,
can be. cheered and encouraged by other
bright minds:, but a woman who lives on
a California ranch is so remote that her
life comes to be cast in a dreary rut. So
if she can have a club near enough to
Cf the California Club.
,G»uld and would .the country women
; reach' a club if it was established? I
aJ^fljld tKink so. -Their- husbands manage
- to 'reach a meeting place, don't they? I
3&RS. ELLA SEXT6N—
As for the .theory thut our Insane asy
lums would not be, so full of/ California
women if clubs existed in rural district*
-I think there Is a 'great deal in it.
Lonely women brood and insanity re
sults. Clubs which would reach the
women af California nineties would do
uwuy with lonellntms and brooding.
Now as to the reform ny«i««in prepesed.
There an* agents mjti agents. / '-.'•'
On this point depend* tho whole answer
to the Question raised: Shall we club
women of the cities send agents to tha
. rural districts to eetublltsh women's clubs?
the people appointed for this
. task be wise women, 'carefully chosen, 1
believe that, they could do more harm
than good. It would take Infinite tact
to reach the women of the outlying dis
tricts. They are not closely in touch with
the advanced and systematic work that
we are so accustomed to and they are
likely to be doubtful of the advantages
of it when they are first approached.
They must be handled skillfully and made
to feel that we wish them to work along
. with us as sisters^in the common cause
of education. It wfruld be a fatal error
'to make them feel that we are sending
teachers to them.. The common cause is
self-culture— note the emphasis on the
"self."
! The only proper way to choose these
agents would be to submit the matter
to the federation of the whole State ard
let them be officially chosen. Then there
could be no dissatisfaction and we should
know that a wise* and deliberate choice
had been made.
MRS. FRANK DALTON— J
Kx-Fresident of tho Corona Club.
MRS. A. D. SHARON—
Vice President of California Club.
Send out people to establish clubs In
the country? Dear me, I don't know why
we tihould, I'm aure, I can't say what
It might do In the way of lessening In
sanity, but I'm sura that tha country
women study and know more than we da
already.
We think ourselves a great deal eUv
erer than w* are. We sit In our city
homes and theorlzo about the needs of
our mentally starving statin far away;
while all the time these sisters ar» «o
excellently well fed mentally that they can
teach us a great many things worth our
learning.
J speak from actual observation. X bar«
visited club* In th« most remote dis
tricts, and I have heard papers and dis
cussions by the members. They may not
I <»".¦«) ciiine upon a woman In * rural
district who lived eighteen mll«s from a
town. Dut that did not cheek her deter*
mlnatlon to reach the town. Fur In It
wit* 11 club where women met and talked
over interesting and Important topics and
gained knowledge mui inspiration for self
culture.
'It wait a long way to go, but the woman
was hound to reach \the club. So iho
hitched her horse to a shabby, almost
rickety old vehicle and she drove to town
Ex-President of C. S. F. of W. C.
I have traveled among the different dis
tricts which compose the federation, and
I have been delighted at tho earnest spirit
that is Bhown by women of California's
small towns, and farms even. They are
in many cases so remote from any town
of size that it might seem impossible for
them to keep up the zest In work that Is
commonly Inspired by the coming togeth
er of many bright minds. But theae
women have worked In email numbers,
with Httle enough to encourage them.
They aro usually wives who have little
time to spare from heavy household du
ties, and all the more credit Is due to
them that they have snatched a few spars
mom. him for study.
MRS. ROBERT BTJRDETTE—
Think how much better mothers they
would be, too v They could talk to their
children about something besides the
hunting of eggs and the milking of cow».
If there Ma any practicable way of es
tablishing clubtt among them it ought to
liu done, The dltliculty of sending out
ugoius l» the expense. Who will pay for
them? If the money can be provided, lee
wh have them, .' s
Their, homes would be happier. They
could, talk to their husbands about mat
ters of the outside world. The men get a
little glimpse of this 'now and then when'
they go into town and gossip. at the gro
cery and read the paper; but -the women
sec only the boundaries , of their own
farms.
If they, could write and read papers, If
they could have their libraries where they
could come for a quiet hour or so of
reading, what a relief it would be to
them! -',;'• ' v "
Their lives are a long round of the
same thing. I wish I could see them all
having clubs that would take them out of
themselves. 1
No wonder , the women of. rural Califor
nia'go insane., So would I if I lived in the
way they do. So would you, so w'ould
anybody.
MRS/, E#CK L' DENNISTONr- v?
President of the Forum Club.
MRS. I. LOWENBERG—
Presiden/of the Philomath 'Club.
Yes. I certainly do think that the broad
ening influence of clubs in the rural dis
tricts would lessen the cases of insanity
among women of the farms. /.
I believe, ' too, that, clubs should be
started and encouraged by outsiders; but
let those outsiders be the -district vice
presidents. With our federation divisions
of districts we can accomplish this work.
The divisions cover the entire State. The
vice presidents are stationed in a central
point of each district x and it should be
their duty to visit the remote parts with
in their boundaries and to encourage the
establishment of clubs In them.
There is no need of any other agents.
Who could appoint them? Certainly not
individual clubs. The work must be done
by the federation as 'a whole.
The country women need help. Let them
have it. :r- • : V*ff> '. '¦
If clubs could b.e established far and
wide through such regions, what a leav
ening power they would be!
I cannot risk an opinion on the question
of the club versus insanity. It Is a sub
ject that I have not thought of. and it
seems to me lo be the sort of question
that speculation cannot answer. Experi
ment will have to settle the matter.
It Is a Question that has often been
asked, but it need never be asked again.
The recent convention has shown. If for
nothing else, it was worth while for the
good that it did these women from re
mote parts of the State. It gave them a.
breath of fresh air mentally; it revived
their tired minds.
What is the good of federation?
They have their clubs now, to some ex
tent. How much It would be to them If
more could be established, if they could
have new thoughts brought into the
routine of their dreary lives!
It was a woman from one of our Cali
fornia villages who Bpoke, and thnse of.
our city club women who heard her will
never forget the fervor with which she
said it. We all realized how much the
convention was to us, but we saw then
that it was Infinitely more to the lonely
women of the small towns and ranches.
"You don't know what this convention
has been to us!"
MRS. G. J. BTJCKNALL—
Ex-President of the Sorosis Club.
my duty and privilege to visit those dur
ing the year if they want me. Three- of
the districts are in our vicinity, in what
may be considered the center of the State;
the other three are *more remote. It Is
where the villages lie that I hope to. do
the most. The women of these .small
places need help from outside, a stimulus,
from ' the world ' without. .•.
'The conringiclub year, to? be 1 successful
must see great f. progressed',. these outside
dubs as weri-TasMn, the. large city organi
zations. .And, this is, what the federation
hopes to" accomplish. "... '. . ¦
pie congregate of a Saturday. Clubs, li
braries,* rest rooms— all these would mean
bo much to the worn-out drudges that
farmers' wives too often are.
Would It keep women out of the Insane
asylums? Decidedly, yes.
they would surely gain the Impression
that we considered ourselves such. When '•*
thai ia the thing most remote frdro our
good intentions. We want to encourage
them to be one with us.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
I think it would be a great mistake > to •
•send agents into the rural districts to
establish clubs. ;,¦ r \
Not that the rural districts do not
need the clubs— they need them sorely.
But: the matter should be approached in
another way. /
Suppose that we! city women,. with the
best intentions in the world, 6houldj«end
out women to the. villages of Calif ofina—
women from among ourselves, having no
• knowledge whatever of the existing con
ditions In the field of labor. What would
be the result? Failure.
Let the women of the country found
their own clubs. ""They can do it better
than we can do it for them. In every
S district can be found at least one woman
of enough intelligence to outline study
for a group of her neighbors. She knows
; them, their tastes, ' their needs. She - can
build up a club ; and make a success
where a stranger would make a failure.
Another point— what would the country
- women think of . us? " We should -appear
- like missionaries to the heathen, and
MRS. H. HEYNEMANN—
....... 1st Vice President Philomath Club
Let the country women found their own
clubs. -They will enjoy them more than if
agents from the cities do it for them.
They would never consider the clubs en
tirely the4r own if started In that way.
The country does need clubs,-. that Is cer
tain. Perhaps we of the cities might ap
point visitors to go to the remote districts
and give encouraging talks on the sub
ject, but that is as far as we should Inter
fere.
The place of meeting is a problem in
many districts. Why not use the school
house? If it can be reachedby the chll
. dren, it certainly can be" reached by the
parents. And the school yard would be a
fine, place to leave 'the youngsters while
their mothers met inside.
For the youngsters must in many case3
be taken along:. I visited'a township club
a while ago; the place of meeting looked
like a country fair. Rickety old rigs were
coming from all directions; many of them ,
overflowed with babies. The children *
could not be left at home, so they played
to their hearts', content in the yard dur
ing the club meeting. .
DR. DOROTHEA MOORE—
Of the California Club.
Beyond this, I don't see what the city
clubs can do to help them. They must
work out their problem of broadening f 01
themselves. V -"
.:¦•¦" --H'i-V: \".'--: ¦•¦,'¦'.¦'¦.¦'• • • - ¦ • • ,' '"
ofteu start "them thinking along some
new line— perhaps, too, they would gt
further into it than we had done..
be as broad as the city club women, but
they are far deeper.
We have so many • things to attend to
in our complex city life that we can't
go very far into anything. We take up
fads. We follow one thing for a day, then
drop it for something newer. Country
women don't do that. J^
. They have" fewer N interests, therefor*
they give more time to each one in par
ticular. They have "a chance to specialize,
and the result Is a thorough understand
ing of the subject undertaken.
I think they might better send agents
to us than we to them.
The great need is of more "clubs for
such women. There are plenty of them
who would prove themselves as deeply In
earnest as she. . .
She is a: lesson .'to -all of us. I wonder
how many of the women of city clubs
,would do as much? It is an easy matter
for them to take a street car or a carriage
at their door; but would they be as brave
as this woman If the nearest club lay
eighteen miles away over a bad road? .
over those eighteen miles of difficult
country road every time the club met.
She did not care whether It was fair
weather - or foul, she went to town just
the same.
eli day, and she is still doing them when
the men of her household return home In
. the evening. The next morning when she
tne women of the rural districts, the
ones who constitute a large proportion
of the Insane patients, and you will see
that this U true.
The country woman rises before the
suit. She lights fires and feeds chickens
and cooks meals and washes dishes. She
<ices these and a hundred other things
MRS. Q. W. BUNNELL-7
. President of the Oakland Club.
We have more Insane women in Cali
fornia than in any State in the Union,
proportionally. '.;-/.
We must do something about it. The
first thing is to inquire into the cause.
It is a saying so trite that it is true:
"A woman's work is never done." Go to
OTTR insane women and what to
do for them — here is "new light
on the subject.
The club women are taking the
matter under discussion. They claim
to have found a way.
What do you think of it— of estab
lishing women's clubs in rural dis
tricts to prevent the women from
filling our insane .asylums? (A man
is here heard to suggest that their
husbands would in that case attend
to filling the asylums, but the man
was not called upon for any remarks
on the subject and he is herewith
silenced.)
It is a fact, you know — a fact
proven by statistics— that nowhere
do so many women go insane as in
California, and they are largely the
women of lonely and remote dis
tricts. Isolation is what does it.
When these statistics were an
nounced and the club . women heard
them they said "Poor things 1" in
chorus. Then they went about ad
vancing a theory. -.;. •
They theorized that if isolation
causes these cotuftry women to go
insane, the way to prevent insanity
is to prevent isolation, and the way
to prevent isolation is to establish
women's clubs.
On this page you can read some
of their arguments on the question.
A group of our club women herewith
discuss the need of clubs in the rural
districts; also the ways- of satisfying
that need. ?T"/*?--
Listen to them for yourself. You
will find plenty of pros and cons as
welL f
Conventions are a great * inspiration to
the country women; they . see 'iwhat the
city clubs are doing and they gain new
ideas from them. We of the cities can
help ' them In this way. We can also
send them papers which will interest and
stimulate them. It would be a good
j-lan to have a 'regular system of send
ing papers that had been read in the city
clubs to khese outsiders for their read
ing and discussion. Such articles might
I have a belief that a need takes care
of itself. When the women in remote
places need clubs, they will form them
foi themselves. They are doing it all
the time and they will continue to do so.
MRS. WALTER H. BYINGKTON—
President of the Mills Club.
Tfo 'doubt, the' country districts need
clubs, but I don't think It Is our business
to form them.
When the women of rural California
have their clubs our insane asylums will
have a shorter roll of patients' to, call.
Let these remote women have their
clubs which will bring them together and
they will cease tp brood. Their minds
will be stirred to new trains of thought.
The monotony will be broken and they
will be saved from mental ruin..
iJet us send out agents into these dis
tricts to found clubs among them. It is
our mission. We women of broader lives
owe this to our : sisters.
It Is just here that the value of'clu\:
comes In. ¦ •-
arises the same weary round of labors
stares her In the face.
Day in and day out it is the same.
Routine, routine, routine.
Is. it any wonder that the lonely,
weary women of our California ranches
go Insana? !-£VJ?
r Their work is as monotonous as on any
other farms, and their loneliness 7s far
greater, for the ranche^ are so immense
that it is hard to reach neighbors. They
think over the same things day in and
day out and they have no relief of con
tact ;;-:r"V . ,
14
MRS. ADA H. VAN PELT—
Secretary Local Bed Cross.
Of course the establishing of clubs la
rural districts ¦ would keep many women
out of the. insane asylums. The social
want in human nature is always there
and when it is not . satisfied madness
many a time results. .
You see I emphasize the social side of
club life. In its value to country women
I think this side is quite as important as
the educational. The loneliness 'of Cali
fornia ranch life is one of the saddest
Hhings in our Western \ world, and sta<
tlstics show how "dire Its results are. ,
There are. no women so remote ;.that
they cannot reach . a ' club. . It may i com
prise only three, or four members who
can reach a common meeting place.' If
these women are encouraged ! they can
and will make the necessary effort.
We. city women 'have the benefit*, of
operas, theaters and lectures. We. can
attend - once in awhile It means every- 1
thing to her. , , ,'••'. ,~
The federated clubs of. the. State are
divided.into six districts, and itis to be
should say that the wives could do. the
:«me.\ : , . ¦-_'_;•; ¦¦>'.'¦
'Poor, things j.they* are bo miserable and
lonely.; .There j Is no place where. they, can
meet. 'Their husbands drive Into town on
markets days,"' hitch to a tree and' leave
their* wives' to; hang about the stores,
dragging their children behind them. What
a comfor^ it would be to - them to have
rest rooms established— places where they
could find easy chairs,' good books,- friends. 1
' How , much ¦ fresher v ; and ,""; brighter > they
would be when "they return to; their lone-
My • homes. They : would have all sorts of
new Ideas -to discuss.
¦ It'strikes me as a most feasible idea for
"city ' women ¦ to send agents, to start clubs
in the. small towns," where the farm peo-:
A
NEW
WAY
TO
PREVENT
INSANITYY-n-ff ATURAUSTS are well aware of
' f^A the fact that a considerable nuns
-li li . berof the bird creation- possess
i' - a knowledge of the principles of
surgery that is not far from supernatural.
; The manner in which' they endeavor to
aid nature Is very interesting. The wood
cock and the partridge, for instance, are
.able to dress their wounds with consider
able 1 skill. ; A famous naturalist says that
on several-'occasions he has killed wood
cock that were when shot convalescing
from wounds previously received.
s;Ih^eyery Instance he found the old In
jury neatly dressed with down plucked
"from the -stems of feather3 and skillfully
arranged over the wound, evidently by the
long beak of the bird. In some instances
a solid plaster, was thus formed, and in
others ligatures had - been applied to
wounded or broken limbs. One day he
killed a, bird that evidently, had been se
verely wounded at some recent period. The
wound was covered and protected by a
M. Dumonteil tells of a woodcock that
had been shot by a sportsman on the
afternoon of a certain day. After a long
search the bird was given up, but it was
discovered tho next morning by accident.
In the meantime tho wounded tfeg^ were
found to be -neatly ligatet!. an exquisitely
neat bandage having- been placed around
each limb. The poor bird, however, had in
dressing its wound entangled its beak
with some long; soft feathers and had it -
not been discovered it would have died <»•
It had evidently acted as a hemostatlo
in the first place, and subsequently as a
shield covering the wound. The feathers
were fairly netted tog-ether, passing alter
nately under and above each other and
forming a textile fabric of great protec
tive power. Birds are often found whos©
limbs have been shot with tho fractured
ends neatly joined anil llgated.
sort of network- of feathers which had
been plucked by the bird from its> own
body and so. arranged as to form a plas
ter completely covering and protecting the
wounded surface.
BIRDS ARE GOOD SURGEONS.
longer ablo to resist, I allowed myself to
be virtually abducted, and was taken
across the Russian frontier £» far Odessa.
There X went to work at the profession 1
conscious th« whole distance. It seemed
a thousand miles, indeed, that most ter
rible journey of my career, and. then I
struck a wire. It served somewhat to t
break my fall, but it set me whirling so
that I lost consciousness. I did not re
cover my senses for four days, and then •
I found myself much more of a wreck
than many a man who has never. lived to
tell the tale. My craving for excitement
by this time was considerably dampened,
as may be imagined. When I returned to ¦
the stage it was to find, if possible, some -
simpler and less hazardous feats for the
public entertainment, I took to juggling.
the dangerous tricks "for. those, more
amusing, : although I still cling to - one
or two, such as » the - forty-eight-pound
Iron ball. -.¦'-.: ¦ .; . 'C
Tossing this globe of iron twenty feet
into the air and catching it between the
shoulders Is a dangerous trick, for ; mis
placing it a single inch either way means
a dislocated shoulder, . and a little higher
up means a broken neck: The skill lies (n
catching the ball slantingly, stopping its
force before its final landing, although
this is done so quickly that the eye. can
not follow it. It is like another, feat— that
of tossing an egg twenty feet inthe^alr
,..¦ «¦ -. • ¦ * • .'-».'. ¦•. ., : ¦ ", ¦ y ¦. ¦¦
and the glass held by the teetb- ; I would"
not advise, the ¦ amateur, juggler to attempt ;
this, feat till he^had mastered some sim-r \
pier ones-^thro.wlng a flipper Ifrom. the;;
foot .to' theppint of , the ' pose,-, balancing It
there, back;' to the; foot, again, ¦. for ¦',-'
instance/ .or 'tossing his watch' into; the'
air and catchingit inhis waistcoat'pocket, '
being always, careful to practicis with the ~
other fellow's > watch. ! '.,',. ¦; ¦ • -,V.,; ; ;. '-iV'':
But~all things ¦ are possible to Infinite Y
patience,-even,the"invention;>f pew'.tripks §
as fast as the old., .ones! are imitated by ;
one's'followersln the profession, .'if there
is , one ! thing of. which' the* professional
Juggler^ls" In • constant . terf or |t is ; th'at .-..
gallery " cry of "Chestnut!"'-/ and it' costs
him , many a night 'of ' ; sleeplessness " to.--'
beat his', brain .for : new features, t The'
trouble is that one. may' invent in "'".ai.min
ute/but \t may require' a year of practice
to . perfecty for ther^mtist'be no experl-,
merits - on -the j sta^e.' .; Every- trlckT must
be ; so -perfectly . a36quired that oner, may',
perform 'Vlt \evenf£fn"'' the 'dark {or under;
other adverse*. condition; y . - .'.;• . :
L of ten v fali,'. or 'rather pretend to fail,'
justiito give; the; audience an idea ofjQ 18 ;
difficulty, .of a, trick,', for^. being performed
.with /such \ apparent; ease people fair, to
'grasp'the fact- that this jperfectlon'in this
Instance- may. be.',the; result: of years' of
'of ; holding ja;; billiard ; . : cue poised horfzoDj
tally v u'pon itwo '.balanced r.upon" the 'chlh;
setting frae';ohelof,the latter,, catching -ilt^
toppling ' the * horizontal .! one ' j p vefr, ,• ah'd
catching It ;irt ;^he^"ce)iter.Qf^ the"fdr l e:head
and balancing it rtherer {he", third >cua:goj
ing to the left hand. ; It tfa's the'appear'7
ancei of - ease, but'requlrea>years to per
, ( ect. f I should advise j the 'amateur to use
a c'utcher'B'mask forthe^ first, six months
of ; practice; on this ; trick, Seise ; he might
losefan. eye. ,,.,:.«.,;-. :. ; ,~,l ,.,¦'¦.; — ¦ ; . -.»
,X*stly I do not hesitate to counsel the
young aspirant to the strictest self-denial.
even In those "small vices" which are a
part of our modern civilization. It is hard
to .forego them at times, but there is
everything 'to be gained by absolute avoid
ance of any form Of dissipation, and
everything to be lost by indulgence. Thta
almost monastic severity of dally regimen
is a wonderful preservative, for athletes
who are not overtrained usually attain a
long life.;* '¦'"'¦¦
I have twice tried to retire, having ac
quired enough of the world's goods to sat
isfy V" continental taste.' where living Is
cheap and 'habits are simple, but after a
and catching It on a ( china. plate without f.
breaking it. To catch !t 'squarely means |
a broken . egg. \ To fcatebA it; \ slantingly,
breaking the fall, : allo'ws the juggler to ¦'
make the necessary twist at the close that '
saves . both. • ; '\ •¦'; /¦?'."'-'•¦ y '.: - :.-/.; '.'¦• }. '"
There is nothing more fascinating than
attempting to set 'the laws of gravitation
at defiance and partially ¦ succeeding. I
practiced an hour a' day for two years to
learn to balance one billiard ball upon
another. I not only. succeeded with abso- .
lute perfect spheres, but can now balance
them ' upon : a cue. : the cue 'upon another
billiard ball, the ball within a-' wine glass
few months of quiet rest I have grown
despondent, coon signing myself back into
the ranks again, where alone I am happy.
It is impossible for a man to love his pro
fession and pursue It successfully for
years, however strenuous It may be, with
out Its becoming absolutely a part? of him.
Therefore if a novice undertakes any
branch of professional athletics with a
view to attaining an approach to perfec
tion he must make up his mind that he Is
In It for life, to work three hard hours a
day off the stage and alone, and realiza
that nothing short of absolute self-dedica
tion to his labor will suffice for that ca
pricious goddess Success.
My father, who wished me to enter the
priesthood, was righteously horrified. He
bade the distinguished stranger a cold
"Good night" and hurried me out of the
presence of such temptation. I had seen
enough, however. I was fired with a new
passion. I did not Bleep that night, and
6oon found myself back in the hypnotic
Influence of my tempter. At last, no
To our consternation he appeared a few
moments later upon the stage, attired In
regulation tights and went through the
most remarkable aerial performance I had
ever seen. Soon he returned to us, and
without much ado proposed to take me
under hit tutelage and train me after his
own manner, assuring my parents that I
would astonish the world before I was
out of my teens.
Though but eleven years old I had taken
some prizes In a school tournament in
Berlin. Aiter the contest I was ap
proached by a distinguished looking gen
tleman who began to question me. He
even followed me when I went to my
parents to receive their congratulations,
for they -were Interested spectators of the
tournament. The mysterious stranger
made himself very agreeable. He even
invited us all to the theater that night.
While we were seated «.t table watching
the various features the stranger sud
denly excused himself.
BECOME a juggler? Certainly you
may. It is perhaps not "as easy
as lying," as Hamlet says, but it
is infinitely more exciting. Par
ticularly if you begin as I did—
ia the severe old school. I thirsted for
excitement and ran away from home to
get it. Within a few months I was laid
up In the great hospital of St. Petersburg
with three ribs broken, shoulder dislo>
caUrd and otherwise damaged, as was
thought, beyond all repair. That was
more excitement than I 1iad counted on.
It happened in, this wise:
By Paul Cinquevalli.
As I roved about Europe. I found. that
people •were much more Interested in teats
of skill than of daring. I began slowly
to abandon the tricks which caused
women to scream out, hiding their faces,
and men to set their jaws and shudder.
A superb physique, for which I' had to
thank my serious" ind hardy ancestors,
saved me more. than, once from what
seemed certain death, and now
It proved 'itself capable of the
most arduous • training' "upon
scientific lines. i •
I began to educate every
muscle and eyery "nerve of. my
body, almost " separately, in
fact; not alone those of thii
finger ends, but the less acute^
such as those in the back'
where I learned to play a game
of pocket billiards without ;the
use of hands.' I found tEai
every muscle and every; flbei
was capable of the hlghes"
training, and gradually left of;
I think that everything that happened
in my life flashed through my brain in
that frifchtful moment of descent. I was
The nearer death, and yet escape it,
the more highly flavored for the Mus
covite palate. The Russians began to
call me "the little flying devil," and that
title came near proving my undoing. One
day the attendant whose business it was
to wipe the slippery moisture from the
bars of the trapeze was asked out to
drink by one of his "pals," and that be
fore he had completed his work. I found
the first trapeze bar clean and dry, and
supposed the others were also. As I
swung through the air at a terrific rate,
fifty feet from the ground, I seized the
second bar, but to my horror my hand
slipped just as if the bar had been
greased, and down I plunged headlong!
I began working at the trapeze a few
feet from the ground, gradually going up
till I felt quite as much at home forty
or fifty feet above the earth as within a
few feet of It. I grew utterly and en
tirely fearless. My trainer treated me
well and predicted a great future for me.
Emboldened and encouraged, I per
formed feats in midair that now In my
soberer years I shudder to recall. There
were no nets in those days— he woula
have been called a coward who deigned
to use them. If a performer did not take
his very life in his hands every minute
of his act he could . not produce the de
sired sensation.
i
have followed ever since — only with a dif
ference.
The difference lies in the variance be
tween the sluggish, hardened Tartar char
acter and the wideawake, nervous and
highly organized American type— a differ
ence of climate as well as stock. The
Russian likes everything strong. Hia
drink must bite, his dishes must be hot
and heavy, and his pleasures according
«"T Clnquevalll, the great
j A Juggler, tells the story of his life
|J and Incidentally gives much infor
~V matio!i concerning the Intricacies
of learning this business of pecu
liar knack. His is a remarkable career.
He began life in Russia and his family
Intended that he should flt himself for the
priesthood; but one fine day he ran away
with a professional trapezi,st to take up
the exciting practice of flying through
midair. He won for himself the distin
guished title of "the flying devil" and
climaxed It t-y a fall of fifty feet and four
days' unconsciousness. This sobered his
ambitions in that direction and he decided
to continue his tricks with gravity only
when he had both feet iirmly planted on
terra firms. Now Russia and the trapeze
arc things of the long distant past and he
appears to-night at the Orpheum as one
of the leading jugglers of the world.
yuite a change from priest to juggler,
and a long jump from St. Petersburg to
San Francisco — but still not more remark
able than many other of the things Cin
yuevalli has to tell in his story below.
intended for the Rus
sian Priesthood, Cin
que vail i Chose the
Trapeze in Prefer
ence to the Church.
Accident During an
Aerial Act, Wh.ch
Nearly Cost Him
His Life, Turned His
Mind to Juggling
as Less Hazardous
•¦- ., N ... .. •,:.:¦¦.'.-¦..
THE SUNDAY: CAI/L; .
15
PAUL CINQUEVALLI.
TELLS HOW HE ACQUIRED
HIS WONDERFUL SKILLTHE SUNDAY CALL.
16VOLUME XCI.— XO. 99.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902— FORTY PAGES;
RUDYARD KIPLING BECOMES
SARCASTIC IN CRITICIZING
AMERICA AND PHILIPPINES
SOTED ENGLISH AUTHOR WHO COMPARES METHODS OF GREAT [
BRITAIN AND AMERICA; A MEMBER OF PHILLIPINE COMMIT- J
TEE, AND AN OFFICER WHO TESTIFIES CONCERNING ISLANDS, j
Continued on Page Eighteen.
Harriman Inspects Texas Procertv.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. March 8.—Presi
dent E. II. Harriman of the Southern
Pacific, accompanied by Vice President
and General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt,
arrived in the city to-day and inspected
the company's property here. Harriman
Is non-committal as to the object of -his
coming trip to Mexico. It was intended
that the party should leave for Mexico
, to-night, but the departure has been
postponed until Monday night. Harriman
was somewhat indisposed to-day and re
tired early. •
SAN DOMINGO. Santo Domingo, March
f.— The duties on pupar have been abol
ished. It was expected in certain quarters
the Government would propose 'a
reduction of 25 per cent in the budget.
Zj'- country la quiet
I
San Domingo Removes Duty.
WASHINGTON-. March S.— With the ap
proval of General Chaffee. commanding
the Division of the Philippines, a mili
tary prison is onablJshod on Pulo Maligi
Island, in th<- J a^una de Bay. to which
prisoners belonging to the department,
either military cr civil, will be sent
Military Prison in Philippines.
It Is reported that the members of the
Triad secret society have joined the rebels
and are looting and burning .villages.
Spanish i Ministerial Crisis Certain
MADRID, March 8.— The Spanish papers
agree in declaring that a Ministerial crisis
is almost, unavoidable and they express
the opinion that thcannouncement that a
crisis has occurred will be made after the
Cabinet council to be held March 10.
Members of a Chinese Secret Society
Reported to Be Burning
Villages. :
HONGKONG, March 8—The Kwan^-sl
rebels have reached Kaichou, eighty miles
from Kwong Chan Yuan. They surprised
the local mandarins, overpowered the gar
rison and released; the prisoners, who
joined In the rebellion. •;
REBELS SURPRISE TOWN
AND RELEASE PRISONERS
HONGKONG, March 8.— It is rumored
from Canton that a river steamer plying
on the Canton River ran down a native
passenger-boat and that 150 persons were
drowned.
Steamer and Boat Crash and One
Hundred and Fifty Persons
Are Drowned.
COLLISION IN CHINA
CAUSES MANY DEATHS
Banquet to Russian Officers.
f PHILADELPHIA, March S.— A farewell
banquet was tendered to-night by Charles
Ji. Cramp, head of the Cramp Shipbuild
ing Company, to Captain E. P. Stehno
v!ch and the ether officers of the Russian
battleship Retvilan and the members of
the beard of Inspection of the Imperial
liiissian navy. Count Cassini, the Ru3
eian Embassador, who was to have been
the guest of honor, was unable to attend.
Toasts were drunk to President Roosevelt,
the Czar of Russia and the Sultan of Tur
key, two of the latter's representatives
being among the guestr. They are here
In connection with the construction at
Cramp's of a cruiser for the Turkish
Government.
With reference to your telegram o£ 6th In
stant, Secretary of War. facts from Morons
are: About a week ago the presidente of Caintu
was kidnaped. The perpetrators of thU act
were a new organization gathered In Morons
province, about sixty strong; vigorously spared
ed for: driven to hiding: probably captured la
a day or two; have inflicted no material dam
age; no special significance need or xhoul'l at
tach to thla event. CHAr'FES.
Desiring to ascertain the facts as to c.»
ditions In the province of Morons, Luzon,
Secretary Root recently cabled inquiries
to Commissioner Wright and General
Chaffee. which have brought forth the
following "replies, dated Manila. Ivinrch S:
PRESIDENTE IS KIDNAPED.
Speaking of the American Chamber of
Commerce of Manila, he said it is com
posed largely of Englishmen and other
Europeans, "who did not care a snap f jr
American interests."
General Hughes also expressed the
opinion that it would be well to encour
age negro emigration to the Philippines
from the United States. He added that
the colored troops taken to Samar mixed
readily with the natives, and that many
of the latter shed teara when the colored
soldiers were removed. Next tu tne
American negro he thought the Japanese
most desirable.. The Chinese laborer was
the most available, but there was a prej
udice against him on the part of the
Filipinos.
GOOD PLACE FOB NEGROES.
to continue to Import Chinese and Japa
nese labor, for the present at least.
A number of questions were asked by
Senator Dubois on points covered by the
Philippine government bill, now pending
In the committee.,' In reply to these Gen
eral ' Hughes said that he thought that
white labor would be* a total failure In
the Philippines and that other labor would
be necessary there.- The natives are, he
said, physically weak and lazy, and the
witness thought. the only resort would bo
General Hughes said the Filipinos made
their best fight on the ath of February,
1S99. lie denied that in subsequent bat
tles they were slaughtered, but many
were killed when cornered and continued
to. fight when they should surrender.
. General Hughes replied . that the policy
was -to use only peaceful means, so long
as they were effectual, but that -when
these were exhausted to resort to war.
Senator Patterson- questioned General
Hughes concerning the effect of President
McKinley's proclamation of January l'i,
1899, for the "extension of the military oc
cupation of the United States to the en
tire archipelago, asking the witness if
there was anything to do but to attack
the Filipino forces.
KILLED WHEN CORNERED.
. Patterson then sought to bring out the
fact that the attack was made before the
Filipinos were ready, and General Hughes
admitted that the Filipino leaders were
absent In a conference at Malolos. He
said that hostilities were so active the
next day that there was no opportunity
to attempt to heal the breach.
"I had no intention beyond what I have
stated."
Hughes Tells How Filipinos Fight and Are
Killed After Being Cornered.
BAKU, March 8.— The official report of
the committee which has been Investigat
ing the recent earthquake at Shamaka
shows that 126 villages, with a total of
9084 houses, were included in the area of
the disturbance; that 3496 houses were de
stroyed and 2943 damaged. Besides the
dwellings 4163 farm buildings, 11 churches,
41 mosques, 11 factories and 3 schoolhousea
were seriously damaged.
tion at Shamaka Shows Appal
ling Figures.
Official Report of the Recent Destruc-
THOUSANDS OF * HOUSES
LOST IN THE EARTHQUAKE
Washington in a few days for a visit to
George Vanderbilt at Biltmore, N. C,
where he hopes to recuperate fully from
his recent attack of gout. '
Probable Departure Is
Made From Usual
Custom.
The drill had reached a depth of 2420
feet when the strike was made. The we.'l
then was flowing 22C3 barrels a day and
at that rate beat any gusher ever struck
In this State. A big gang of men and
fourteen mule teams were put on to dig
out a reservoir for the oil, but these have
been pressed to the utmost to keep away
from the fluid, thousands of barrels of
which have been wasted.
SAN EERNARDINO, March 8.— The big
cil gusher struck by the Santa Fe Com
pany in one of its wells at Olinda has
Increased its flow from 2265 barrels a day
to 5000 barrels and reports received at the
superintendent's office are that a force
«f fourteen scrapers has proved Insuffi
cient to cope with the flowing oil.
at Olinda Gradually
Increasing.
FLOWS FIVE THOUSAND
BARBELS OF OIL A DAY
Output of the Santa Fe's Great Gusher
"Did you mean simply that you should
defend v yourselves, or that ¦ you ; should
make an' attack' also?" -'-..'.
"I intend," said the latter,, "to answer
in the best way I can to cover the whole
conditional wish to answer my own way,
as I am informed I have n. right to do. I
felt that they had. made an attack on us
and; that we must defend ourselves," he
added. . • ;
There was * some sparring between the
two, as on previous occasions,' the Sen
ator insisting upon a direct answer and
the t wltness upon replying in his own 'way.
WASHINGTON, March 8.—Senator-Pat
ter son continued his questioning of Gen
eral Hughes in the Senate Committee on
the Philippines to-day, taking up the be
ginning of hostilities in February, 189D.
The witness repeated his previous state-'
inent that the first shot had been fired by
an American. - Senator Patterson asked
General'Hughes what he had meant when
he said, upon hearing the firing at first,
"The thine iV on."
"THE THING IS ON."
¦jr ONDON, March 8.— An interest-
M ing letter from Rudyard Kip-
S ~ ling has been published here»
B Dealing with the Philippines,
M i*b(7 he replied to a Shanghai corre
1 spondent.Who drew his atten
tion to American methods In those isl
ands, as follows: " <
"All you say about the Philippines, the
conflict there between the Americans,"
military and civil, and. the pig-headedness
of the military and their habit of setting
'bulldogs to catch rabbits' is immensely
cheering to me, because it is precisely
what-we are doing in South Africa. You
cannot persuade a big country full cf
prosperity that it does not know every
thing. When it has lost a few thousand
millions sterling it may, if unusually en
lightened, begin, to understand -that it has
taken hold of the wrong end of the stick.
But that is a great deal to hope for and
probably Will not come In our time. I
am very glad to learn, on your showing,
that the American seems to be 'constitu
tioi.ally incapable of admitting himself
wrong and frankly putting himself in the
right,' because I did not like to think of
the Americans as more logical than our
selves. Of course what a new country
¦wants is a high-toned despot of unlimited
powers and absolute integrity, but aa
America and England are both free,peo
ple, > we must, muddle along in the expen
sive, ' wasteful, but cheery fashion that
attends our methods."
MEMBER OF BRITISH PAR
LIAMENT WHO MAY SUC
CEED LORD PAUNCEFOTE.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 8.—Act
ing Governor Wright at Manila to-day
cabled the Secretary of War that the
Philippine receipts from customs for
January were $622,377, and for February
S7S0.3S1. The receipts at the city of Ma
nila for February amounted to $57,56C. and
the miscellaneous receipts were $33,615. '
Customs Receipts in Philippines.
"I think there must be a woman in the
case." he said, "and if I could tell you I
would, but I don't know anything about:
it."
There were reports from Lowell resi
dents that Miss Whitfleld had been seen
in Lowell within the past few days. It
is on the theory of a "woman in the case"
that the officers are working. When close
ly questioned by the Sheriff to-day Klump
broke down and cried like a child.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. March 8.— The
mystery surrounding the murder of Mrs.
Ada Klump of Lowell, by means of pol
eonous headache powders sent through
the malls. Is still unsolved. William
Klump, the husband, who has been sus
pected of being" the principal or at least
an accomplice in the tragedy, is still con
fined In the County Jail. One thread of
what the officers thought to be a possible
clew seems to have been broken by the
receipt this afternoon of a telegram from
Chicago, as follows:
"In Chicago sinpo September.
"MISS HATTIE WHITFIELD,
"1584 Lexington street."
Sent Through the Mails
Denies Guilt.
Husband of Woman Killed by Poison
As far as can be learned, Lord Paunce
fote's plans for the coming eummer do
not contemplate a Journey beyond the
shores of this country. He will leave
POLICE* SEEK IN VAIN
TO SOLVE A MYSTERY
W W ASHINGTON, March S.
H J8 f —The State Department
H "/a / has as yet received no
ftr intimation of the selec-
Y Y tion of a successor to
Lord Pauncefote. It
has been the impression that the choice
when made will fall to one of the under
secretaries of the British Fore'gn Office,
as it was understood that each of them
desired the post. If Hon. Alfred Lyttle
ton has been selected for the post at
Washington the action marks a departure
from the usual custom of consulting the
other Government as to the acceptability
of the contemplated assignment. . '
Says Nation Muddles
Along in Great
Waste. t
State Department Is
Not Notified of
the Change.
The Venezuelan revolutionary
steamship Libertador was seen
approaching Carupano at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon. -
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad,
March 8.— At the request of the
German Orinoco Asphalt Com
pany the cruiser Falke has sailed
from Trinidad for Pedernales,
Venezuela, to protect j German
interests there. A battle between
the Government and insurgent
troops is impending at Peder
nales. There is great revolu
tionary activity along the east
ern coast of Venezuela. The in
surgents, apparently, far out
number the Government forces.
BIG BATTLE EXPECTED.
COLON, Colombia, March 8.
The United States squadron,
comprising the battleships Kear
sarge, Indiana, Massachusetts
and Alabama, under command of
Admiral Francis J. Higginson,
commander in chiefof the Nortli
Atlantic station, entered the har
bor this afternoon. The squad
ron probably will remain here
three days. United States Gen
sul Oscar Malmros boarded the
flagship immediately on the ar
rival of the squadron and paid his
respects to Admiral Higginson.
The British steamer,- Taboga,
due here March 10 from Pcdre
gal, will probably bring more de
tails of the engagement.
Lastra may be able to hold out
until reinforcements sent by
General Castro reach him. \
LASTRA MAY HOLD OUT.
PANAMA, March 8.— For
the last two days it has been per
sistently rumored here that the
Government forces have sus
tained a severe defeat. It is said
that .-when the Colombian gun
boat Boyaca landed reinforce
ments at Chiriqui the civil and
military chief of the province,
R. Lastra, prepared to attack the
revolutionists at San Pablo,
about five miles from David, and
sent Colonel Luque forward with
200 recruits. The • latter. >noi
knowing the country, is said to
have been surprised by 500 of the
enemy Jbetwcen two embank
ments, from which position the
revolutionists were able to shoot
down the Government soldiers.
Many of the latter are under
stood to haye been madeipfisbn
jers..., It.lsAhopednn GoveFnrnentl
circles that David . was not cap
tured by the revolutionists, as
the town was strongly in
trenched.
Great Activity in
Venezuela.
Rebels Also Showing
search was commenced to locate the body,
¦which was found late this afternoon,
lodged in some brush two miles below the
ecene of the accident. Coroner Hopkins
left for Smartsville this evening to hold
en incuest.
Rev. Father Twomey was a native of
Clonakelty. County Cork, Ireland, and 2S
years cf age. For the past fourteen years
he has served in the capacity of pastor of
the Catholic church in Smartsville, Tuba
County, andThis kind, genial manner won
the love and respect cf the residents of
the mountain town and that section of
"Tuba County. He was often the guest of
Father Coleman in this city and the news
cf his drowning was a shock to the many
friends he had made here. He was an
active and devoted Christian worker and
noted for his kindly acts.
Father Twomey was busily engaged in
establishing a church at Dobbins Ranch,
and made many trips between Smartsville
«.r:d that place. Often had he crossed the
little etream at the scene of to-day's trag
edy, but the heavy rains of this morning
hed swollen it to a torrent which his
team was unable to struggle against and
kin which no man could survive, because
\.t the rocks and drift.
&LAJIYSVILLE, March 8.— Rev. Father
Twomey, pastor of the Smartsville Catho
lic Church, while attempting to ford a
email mountain stream this morning, was
ewept from his buggy and drowned. Par
ticulars of the accident were received In
this city by telephone this afternoon.
Father Twomey, driving a double team
from Smartsville to Dobbins, approached
Dry Creek at 10 o'clock this forenoon, at
a. point about two miles west of the old
electric power house and six miles from
lirowns Valley. He attempted to ford the
etrearn, which was high and running
swiftly. M. V. Hendricks, who lives near
there, called to the priest and warned him
of the treacherous condition of the
ctream, but the warning evidently was
not heard above the loar of the rushing
waters.
When the current struck it the vehicle
was capsized and the rig was swept down
the stream a distance of 100 yards, where
It lodged against some willows. Hend
ricks hurried to the rescue, but before he
reached the bank Father Twomey disap
peared in the surging waters. The horses
were rescued, but the buggy was demol
ished. .
Hendricks summoned assistance and
Speciil Dispatch to The Call.
Vehicle Is Overturned
and He Sinks to
His Death.
Tries to Ford Stream
Swollen by Heavy
Rainfall.
Shoot Down Federals
From a Safe
Position.
Pen Enemy Between
Two Embank
ments.
Rev. Father Twomey
Is Drowned Near
Smartsville.
KINDLY
PRIESTS
SAD END
ALFRED LYTTLETON
AS SUCCESSOR TO
LORD PAUNCEFOTE
VICTORS |
TAKE NO
CHANCES
REBELS OF COLUMBIA SURPRISE
AND DEFEAT GOVERNMENT FORCES
HHH
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 17 to 28A. 8. Turner, Black Hawk, Miss.
Antonio Elrlo, Del Rto, Tex.', , ¦
aoorge OUottbeuk, Lexington,- ICy.
F. C. Baker, Antfleton, Mo.
Qcorcio^Hccy, San Antonio,' Tex.
A. K. Massey, WIlbeHby, Tox.
J. T. Taylor, Mulberry, Kuns. t
Mrs. Mltcholl, Philadelphia, Pa. -v
W. R. Adams, express messenger.
William Rolg, Battman, N. D.
A. F. McKensic. Bafford, I. T.'
H. J. Todd, Frankfort, Ky. .
Thomas Crowder. Houston, Tex. ..
J. H. Taylor, Birmingham, Ala.
Dr. O. G., .Morton, Pecos City, Tex.
C. B. W. Bennett, St. Paul, Kan.
W. S. Glenn, Blackhawk, Miss. , . ,
Hugh Mills, Chetopa, Kan.
Pascal Rodriguez, Lularie Meral
llas, Antonio Darnel, Del Rio, Tex. ,
H. Newman, Houston. .
L. B. . Green, Los Angeles.
James. Drlce, Woodward, S. C.
J. ¦ Xj. Pov.-crs. Del Rio, Tex.
H. Lindsay,' Fresno, Cal.
D. P. Havens, ' residence not given.
Mrs. F. B. Glover, Brooklyn.
Mrs. A. F. Bassett, New York.
Mrs. M. B.', Chase, Alameda, ' Cal. .
Nathan Doan, . Canada. \
Mrs. W. L. Riddle, Chetopa, Kan..
, O. E. Hanson, traveling man.
Mrs. O. E. Hanson. . . . /
E. C. Fuller, Washington, D. C.
. Mrs. C. W. Bennett. ; : .-
Mrs. I* E. Fales, Boerne. Tex. ¦ . ¦
Mrs. Mary Kuchler, San Francisco.
. Mrs. Annie .Wortheret, Ban Fran
cisco.
Mrs. M.' E. Shepherd, Glenn Mills,
Pa. .. . ,¦ .' . '¦¦
William Joseph, San Jose. , . . •
v Mrs. IS. J. Fuller, Washington..
DvC.
The Injured.
-ENGINI3KR AI.-MAST, ElTaao.
FIREMAN H. BERTCHOI.ST, El
Paso.
TriREE CHILDREN OP MART
RIDDLE of Chctoiia, Kar.s.
WIFE AND BABY OF ANDREW
C. SHELBY, of Lozler. Tex.
BABY OF O. E. HOUSEN of
Racine, Wls. " ' " : "•'
ESTAVON . CONTRERAS of Del
Rio. Tex.
MR. and MRS. WHITE of Manl
towoe. Wls. " ¦"
A. L. BOONE, Doylen, La.
LATEST LIST
OF VICTIMS
It Is Claimed That Many Unfortunates Were Cremated in the Texas
. Disaster and That They .Will; Never Be Accounted For—Southern
Pacific Officials Are Positive That the Number of Dead Is Twelve
PASSENGERS DECLARE WRECK
WAS CAUSED BY RECKLESSNESS
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., March 8.—
Engines Come Together.
i A statement has been issued by the
Southern' Pacific officials with ' reference
to tho disaster to train No. 9 near Maxon,
Tex.,, on; Friday morning. It says:" .
Superintendent Martin reports that the. acci
dent occurred two and a half miles, east of
Maxon at 2:35 a. in. Conductor Stockwell re
ports that the speec) was not fast at the time
of derailment, and is of the opinion that the
derailment -was due to an obstruction on the
track. Two day and mall cars, one coach, one
chair car. three .tourist sleepers and .one first
claap eleeper ¦ were . completely destroyed .by
flre. ¦ ¦ :
Conductor Stockwell .also reports that'll*
has retained his .tickets and train sheet and
that the number of. killed and survivors tallies
therewith, thus accounting for every parsenger
on the train.: Tho official report Issued late
this afternoon' places the number of dead it
twelve and the Injured at twonty-flvo.
VALLEJO. March 8. — The gunboat Wheeling,
after a thorough overhauling. Is ready for sea.
She was taking coal on bogrd to-day. . »
It, Is said at the "War Deoartment that
there will be little or no delay In the ex
ecution of the orders recently Issued by
the Secretary of "War for the return to
the United States of. a» regiments which
went to the Philippines In 1899, aggregat
ing about -13,500 men. According to a pa
per prepared at the, department there will
be a sufficient number of transports leav
ing .Manila between: now and April 15, to
move ' &700 troops, and by May 15 to move
the entire 13,500. Including fresh troops
in the United States now under orders
for service in the Philippines, General
ChafCee will have a standing army of 32,000
men, notwithstanding the withdrawal of
13,500 already under orders to come home.
TROOPS TO BE BETURNED.
There la no fminriatlrjn for the mtatement of
Insurrection In Moron* or that thn Inhabitants
ii ri« llei'lng, Htntill frutnnmlq of lndrotie Imti.l.i
dlBperscd ttrtri driven out of the mountains o£
l««HUn»-by Hell's ofleratlon* and from Cavlte
through recent operations. Constabulary In
mountains there, having about fifteen guns,
gathered In the mountains of Moron* and prob
ably aided by a few outlaws of that section,
raided villages, kidnaping tho presldente; small
detachment constabulary under native sergeant
attacked, but made no ttnpresnlon, belrig short
of ammunition. Assistant Chief. Atkinson on
ground In few hours with adequate force N ot
constabulary, assl3ted In every way by native
Governor, of provlnca and Inhabitants, made
pursuit: have already killed two. Injured one,
captured sfx and are running them down.
Presidente has been released without harm. So
far from this being any hostility on the part
of tho mass of the people to American author
ity, they give us full . Information of what Is
passing and aid as much as possible. These
ladronos do not Interfere with whites and con
line operations to levying tribute upon and
occasionally kidnaping natives In remote local
ities. Nothing new in this, as In existence un
der Spanish government; less so now than then.
They are being rapidly broken up and exter
minated by constabulary. No political sig
nificance In their operations. WRIGHT.
Continued From Pago Seventeen.
John Bunner was a brother of William
C. Bunner, a well-known newspaper man
and former secretary of the San Fran
cisco Press Club. In the pocket of tho
coat was found an envelope addressed
"W. C. B.," and thera was also a tele
gram dated "San Frand3co, February 21,
1901," to "J. B., care Surveyor General,
Sacramento." Th© writing Is partly ob
literated. That which can be made out
reads:
"Timber agents and friends. Isnojjb
telephonic Brown. Reported that he couldV
not negotiate." Signed "I." or "J."
In the pocket* were a pair of gold
rimmed eyealassea and a gold Walthatn
watch, on the lnsu> of which wero «n
eraved th« letter* "M. to S. U., Novamber
4, '03"; also a purso containing $43. Th«
teeth of the lower Jaw were aired with
gold.
HAc'UAMMNTo. March I.-Th4 bn«1y ,,f
nil unknown man r.tun.t In the itii.-i-u.
mentu lilv«r yesterday near Trank'a
l.iiii.iiua, Meveral nill«a b«low this etty,
in believed to be tint of John Bunner ot
Ban Francisco, win was an attache ot
the last r^RiaiRtur*. He fell into tha
river from the railroad bridge on thd
night of February 24.
Clothing.
by, Means of Letter* in Si*
EODY FOUND IN RIVER
';;,y THAT OV JOHN DUNNEdA
Sin Frnnotaenn'* XUmftin* ZdontiflaU
RUDYARD KIPLING BECOMES.
Two unattnehed engines ""onmo together
heart on thin mornlng'nn'thti (lelllnstuim
J>n,v «m1 Jijnutprn, HnllwMy, within the
elty y«r»1 limit*, ISnalneer Chnrlrn wel«
pome w«jm hurt nbgut the leg>s ontl nrmn
nnd iirMiwiiiiiii ii'u Htewnrt had Mwr ii
petilp wounds, Dgih enilnes were bnUly
damiiiodi
Every 'employe of the train who can throw
any light. on % the accident will bo thoroughly
cross-questioned. ¦ Division Burgeon Turner re
ports the injured persons getting along . nicely
and that all will recover. < > ; - I -¦.-_!
Wo have given you everything wo have re
ceived concerning tho accident. " The place
where' It occurred is on a nine degree.' curve.
If , the train was derailed from high speed It
would have- Jumped on the outside rail. An
examination shows the derailment to havo been
on the Inside rail. The place where the de
railment occurred was recently laid with
eighty-pound steel; the track is newly re
tled; it- Is ' rock ballasted and every -tie la
equipped with a steel tie plate. The roadbed
at this point is the moat perfect on the line
of the road. T. F. Ryan, vice president of
the Flint and Pcre .Marquette Railroad, who
waa In a private car on the train, ¦ wired to
Mr. Harrlman concerning the accident, this
Jjclng quoted from his message: ' '.'It IS my
opinion tho engineer Is not to. blame. I be
lieve that, an • Investigation will prove that
sonic part- of the .engine broke. I base my
opinion on a personal examination of the ties
of thu outside rail on the side the train went
Off." •'¦•:
. SAN ANTONIO, Tex., March 8.-S.-H.
Ilarrlman, president of the Southern Pa
cllic, could not be seen tJ-nlght concern
ing the Maxon wreck. Julius Krutt-
Echnltt, • vico president and . general ' man
ner of the road, spoke for Harrlman
and made the following statement:.'
Statement by Kruttschnitt.
To-morrow the fuiierfttsu of Engineer 1 Al
& Miuit and Flrtminn' Henry HertHeholst,
who died m their • poste, wilt be held In
thirdly.' .Thfl'forraor vvns n Knight Tern-
Hai', mid both men itoud high In rullrond
frutdrmtl circles. No other bodice were
i'eei»V6m1, us all were cremated under the
imisa of debrla, which caught ttre from
the gas In tho tanks and burned rapidly.
1 1 *jt w mm man *nve the live* n( two woman
Who with niHli iuiI III llu'lr h«rllia |t| the imn
\H «in , with the iii'iu-N I'lubi. ii i n m him ho
wniUnl IUu. n iiiu.lnmii mull |i.. K Mt (ham rt»
toll fit ll Mini I lie II rttn-ltiii III.,, I ,,,,! mi,, ill u.
linn-, To eliew linw liiPftiit) iienii|t> hti.miit
here la en Inetaneei A man In tha tourist car
wag irviiia in mun hU Hill., ohllil. when It
met itmiiiirT mini in the nM», iioth were
daily [» pawn, They fame to blown mid the
mi Imt iii'n|i|w <l IiIb eiilM ei nil lw«, ile never
found, It again, .,,..•, , .., -J .
hurry And excitement many of them wera not
nolleert,
to vw^'.^f"? 8 — Klc «f Edward, on his way
to Mee, will stay two days in Paris and will
have an interview with President Loubet?
ilosion of a Pintsch gas tank' attached
o the floor! of one of the cars.
'To-day the railway attorneys have. been
iusy trying to effect a settlement 'with
QUEBEC, March S.— A bill has been in
troduced in the Legislature, which it i<=
said, will deprive his Majesty's subjects
of one of the most cherished rights of
Eritish citizenship, namely that of ap
pealing for the redress of grievances di
rect to the throne.
Abolishes Right of Appeal.
As I ' understand it we were comlngr around
a reverfee .'curve in the form of a letter a
when the train left the track. The- engine
left the track on - account of the . high rate
of speed at .which' we , were.- going. I was
asleep at the . time ' the accident happened. My
wife heard the' noise of ;'the engine, going over
the rails and the next; thing Iwas awakened
by a , heavy jolt .of .the. cat.- • .As- soon- as 1 our
car came to a stop I looked out of the window
and saw the whole country' lighted up. ¦ This
shows .how quickly., the cars -took flre. ' ' The
groans of the iniured . canie ,\to ' my 'tears, '-. and
It was awful. To my, Ia3t day. 1'wHl never
forget that scene of suffering 'and destruction.
The heat from the burning cars was intense
and after the flames • got fairly started the
crowd was forced to keep well back. I think
that the gas apparatus for heating was the
cause of '.the flre starting so soon. There were
many acts of heroism performed at the wreck.
Men risked their lives in the flames to save
some unfortunate who had been wounded and
could not move without assistance. In the
Oliver . Morosco, manager of the Bur
bank- Theater'- in- .Los Anxelca, tella a
thrilling story.' of the wreck. He says: ¦
Morosco Tells the Story.
"When the crash, came almost every
one but the trainmen, was asleep. I had
Just retired. I-do not know at what speed
the 'train <-' was running, but realized that
something was ¦ up before i the train
Jumped. I, felt the .engineer handle . his
fcteamand throw sand on the rails as If
to check up. ...The, next instant all but ono
car |, left the track and the . excitement
commenced." • ¦ . '•¦.; j; v - •;¦ ;¦
Many persons testify to having heard
tho . air as tho engineer attempted >tb
apply tho brakes. Some suy that ' ho
Bunded the rails and probably reversed
his lever at the. last moment, .for at'least
ono man, *Thomas , F. Ryan, who occu
pied a' : 'jprfyuto" car,' says that there; was
a distinctly /felt, bump Just before,; the
train left •the ', track. • Pullman Conductor
C. I. (MelgsV who was one of the few per
sona awako when tho accident occurred,
asserts that he heard the engineer at
tempting to check tho speed of his train.
He said. ¦ .
At. a late hour this afternoon Dr. Tur
ner, the railway surgeon in charge of tho ;
wounded, announced that> all would ' re-!
cover. The. most seriously injured are at
the Catholic Hospital. The theory *is how
advanced ..that the. wreck was. due/to fast
running.. P.assengers who -were, awake
just;prior to the, wreck say that the. train
went down . the long grade at a- furious
rate, and as they were" running two hours
behind ..schedule ' tlmo .tho engineer was
endeavoring, to make up time. The theory
is that AKMast, who was known as one
of tho. coolest-headed engine-drivers in the
service, 'would have checked up before
reaching the double curve, but when tho
air, .brakes Iwere applied he . found . that
they "would- not work and lost control of
tho 'train. ¦ . ;
claimants for damages, and thus forestall
tho lawsuits that are almost- sure to re T
suit, for the hospitals and /hotels are
crowded with injured, some of whom, are
in a critical condition. The Southern Pa
cific-offered to compromise v/ith ¦ Mr. ' and
Mr3. M. L. Biddle- of ~ Marion,, Ohio, lor
the loss of their two children. . The offer
was. not accepted/by the Biddies, who
would not consent to 'even! consider it.
They had just sold out their-home and
were on their way to California to, locate.
Had it not been for the fire the casualty
lists would have been much smaller. The
cars broke apart and fell in such a posi
tion that they 1 did not jam' one another
and break to pieces, but their wheels
stuck in the ground and all were in fairly
good condition after the shock, and most
of the rolling stock would have been fit
for service again with but slight repairs
had it not been that the flash of the fire
was almost instantaneous. 'Several of the
cars were consumed before their bruised
and partly unconscious Inmates could be
taken out The fire resulted from the ex-
Fire Increases Casualties.
By to-morrow the wreckage will be
cleared __away. No bodies were recovered
to-day. * Only a number of charred bones
were found to represent all that was mor
tal of the persons who per
ished in the wreck. According to all 'ac
counts of the wreck, gathered from nu
merous victims of the disaster now in the
city, the smashup was not near
so serious as it was depicted. Only four
•jf the cars turned over, and none of them
were splintered.
Tho front , earn were filled with people
end not many . of those escaped. Tho
tourlHt Bleepcrs %yerc 'alflo full, but tho
loss of life there was small. Nono of tho
Pullman pasacngern were lost, but up
toward tho front of the train In the first
tourist car, tho smoker and chair car, tho
destruction of life and, the injuries to
thoso who escaped death were fearful to
contemplate. One injured passenger, who
crawled out through a window at tho last
moment, stated that Just before leaving
the burning shell he counted nine badly
injured persons left behind. There were
twenty-seven in the chair car and twelve
in the smoker. All of these were probably
burned.
Where the' Loss Was Heavy.
In all probability no accurate list of
those who lost their lives will ever be
compiled. No bodies except those of the
engineer and fireman were recovered. The
others were in the cars and even the
bodies of Home and especially thoso of
small children were reduced to ashes.
There was no list of passengers on the
train. Many were unknown to their fel
low travelers. The official list compiled
by the railway ofilcials gives only the
names of those who were accompanied
by some friend or relative who could cer
tify that the missing persons were on tho
train. Little doubt exists that many
others were . lost who will never be In.
quired for and whose death will remain
unrecorded. ,• '
b'sa L PASO, Tex., March 8.— The more
m that Is known ol the facts of the
" Sunset Limited wreck Friday
morning near Maxon, Tex., the
.-greater becomes the horror of the
occurrence. Lives were lost, it is assert
ed, that will never be accounted for, and
maimed human beings whose names will
never be known were burned to death.
Officials of the Southern Pacific declare
that all the passengers on ill-fated train
No. 9 have been accounted for and that
the revised list of the dead numbers
twelve. The number of Injured is given
at | from twenty-five to forty-two.
THE SA^ 'fKANGISOQ CALL K SUNPAY^ MAIICH V 9 >: 1902.
18
Estate Includes Life Insurance.
WASHINGTON, March 8.-The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue has decid-
ed that the proceeds of a life Insurance'
policy, payable to a person : insured or to
his legal representative,' Is a part of de-
cedent's estate. If, however, It Is. payable
to some one else, the proceeds are not to
be treated as a part of his estate, but aro
payable direct to the beneficiaries named
In the policy and are not subject to leg-
acy tax •.'¦¦• » ' '¦
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate ltmsr tissues,
deranges the digestive organs, and
breaks down the general health.
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and hear-
ing, and atfects the voice.
Being a constitutional disease it re-
quires a constitutional remedy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically and permanently cures ca-
tarrh - of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels and more delicate organs, and
builds up the whole system.
I No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's. a
Testimonials of rernaricable cure* mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
Spring Time the. Best Season
of the Year to Treat Chronic
Catarrh.
Notwithstanding that a. great number
of people have been cured of chronic
catarrh by taking Peruna during . .the
past cold season, yet it cannot be. denied
that the cold, wet, stormy has
retarded many cures, and, in some cases,
actually prevented a cure.
But springtime has ( come at last, and
now is the time for all catarrh sufferers
to begin a systematic course of treat-
ment for this disease. The greatest diffi-
culty In tho way of treating chronlo
catarrh is . that the patient is so liable
to catch cold during tho treatment and
thus delay a cure, ...
This liability at this season of theyear
Is, In a great measure* removed, and no
one should neglect the opportunity to
luko treatment, <;«^ .•
Poruna la acknowledged by every one
to bo the 'only reliable and unfalltr.a
bur,?. ' of- catarrh wherever It may be
located, When. you tuke Peruna you art
not experrmeming with on unknown
remedy, .
Men and women of national reputa-
tion as well as thousands In the humbler
walks of ' life ¦ publicly indorse Peruna.
Peruna does all that is claimed, for it. It
.cures catarrh. . . . • . . •• . ,
Mr. John E. Burns, 28 Spring: Garden
Road, Halifax, N. S., Water Inspector,
writes:
"I can 'hardly fir.d words that can ex-
press my thank3 *o you for what your
remedy has done for me. I have been
troubled with catarrh of the head for a
couple of years, and I was persuaded to
try Peruna and found great benefit after
uslnp three bottles, and ' I can recom*
mend It highly to any one sufterinK from
the same." JOHN E, BUFLNS.
Peruna Cured Catarrh of Several ,
; Years' Standing.
Mr. G. L. Martin, Hartford, Ont., choir
leader at St. Paul's Episcopal Church,
writes:
"Peruna Is a .wonderful remedy for
catnrrhal troubles. I have been troubled
with catarrh for a great many years,
and alwuys trying uomethlng for It. but
was ublo only to «<jciire temporary relief
until 1 used Poruna. Only tlvo bottles
rid my system of all traces of catarrh,
mid' 1 have not noticed the ullghteat
trouble for several month*. My heail
waa atoppml uj», my nreuth offensivw nnrt
It In a rulti'f/lii bu tililti to bronthrt frnnly
, once more."' ¦¦ ., . Q,u jviA^IN,
I A Prominent Canadian Testifies.
1 Mr. Joseph Crees, Government House, >
Ottawa, Canada, Head Steward to Lord
Mlnto, Governor General of Canada, \
writes:
"/ wish io emphasizo my high
opinion of Peruna as the finest rzm-
edy I have ever known for^catarrhal
afflictions. I have used it and hav*
found it an excellent tonic end a
grand blood purifier, /have r acorn- ,
mended its use to a number of men
under me and am pleased to say that
nothing I have over observed gets a
sick man out of bed and well again
as quickly as Peruna. I am glad to
be able to tell of its merits."
JOSEPH CREES.
If you do not receive prompt and aatla*
factory results from tho uso of 1'erunn,
wrlta wt once to Dr. Knrtman, giving a,
full Htatement of your ra«e, and he wilt
bu pleased to glvu yuu hta vuluabla ml*
vice urutlti.
Artdreaa Dr. TIartman, Prealdent of Th«
ilttrtman Hanll.irlutu, Columbua, Ohio.
Last suminer Harry B. Culbort caiAe to
Ean Francisco from Portland, Ore., In
i;uest cf work. He was ambitious to make
money; ar.d at iast secured employment
as a conductor on a street-car line. While
in this position he learned of Ismar's
wonderful abilities, and sought her .ad-
Vice as to his future course. She told him
that he wouid socn have' an opportunity
to acquire an Interest in a gold mine on
the most trivial conditions. That while
the incident would seem unimportant' at
the time, it would lead to great wealth
if he took advantage of it; if he rejected
this opportunity he would always be
poor.
About two months later he happened
to meet an old boyhood friend, who asked
him for the lean of J20, saying that he
w?j about to go prospecting for u goM
mine, ar.d that he would give Herry Cul-
lj<rt a half interest In whatever Ire
mlRht realize from his venture.
Cuibcrt loaned him .the money, remem-
bering lt;m:ir'fi murveluus words and
ihlnkniK tlmi this wan doubtless the in-
Cid«8t »)iu haiV foretold.
About b!x months ceo he received a M-
tor from Ms friend cnying that he had
Btruck It rich in Northern California, und
requested Cuibcrt to come to thu scer.o
immediately. To-<lay .Cuibcrt is a .very
wealthy man, und was recently married,
which wan also In accordance with ls-
m.'ir's prediction.
His sold mine proved rich beyond his
most eXtravas&ot dreams, and .ho at-
tributes his pood fortune entirely to la-
mar's remarkable delineation of his fu-
ture.
He frankly nnd manfu..y acknowledged
to a reporter in an Interview at his hotel
joBtcrday that it was entirely due to 1s-
xr.ur's uOvlce that he embraced thu oppor-
tunity that made him a rich man. In
fact, he seemed proud to plve to Ismar
the full credit for his pood fortune, not
only in his business, but in his domestic
affairs, and sa'.d that lie was plad to al-
low her to print the incidents that led to
his rise to sudden wealth to convince
those who lend to doubt the wonderful
powers of Ismar, the great seeress.
"What Ismar has done for others she is
able to do for you. All her readings are
strictly private and confidential. Her
hours of consultation are daily at 10 a m
to a p. m.: Sunday, from 10 to 12 m. Of-
fice. 114S Market street, opposite Sixth
iFmar's readings by mail are fully as
satisfactory as those given in person*
three questions answered, $1; full life
reading, 55. Send date and year of birth
Comes to Barry B. Colbert
Throcgh the Advice of Ismar,
the Wenderfal Seeress.
H/1C 41 T^W
It's the Suit for the man who buys Limited space doesjnot. permit us to go into detail
clothes for the wear he can get out of them a pd ? x P!? ih * he Availing styles in. boys: and youths'
Tt'c +uL ' .+ , jr g u uiem> clothing for th- spring of 1902. Words— mere words—
Kb me SUlt Tor trie man Who wants cannot do the clothes justice; you must see the goods,
Style Combined with durability. the colors, the patterns, and note the popular prices.
It's the Quit for thp man \x/hr> mncf We want mothers to feel perfectly free to come and'
m ,^ hi Ll ; a . ?u St look over our assortment, even though they do not ..iri-
make his dollars count and get the best tend to buy. A visit to the store will -acquaint you
possible value for his money. i with what is proper for, the boy this season and you
It's the suit for any man who usually spends from jI1 certainly be impressed with pur .values.,- We!men-
$10.00 to $12.^0 for his clothes. ti.on two: .• :•'.:'•¦" : •i.;.
Maybe it's the suit for you. If so you will be «-„ inh . — i .^^-' : ''-'i£^- :
able to find a pattern you want in the, material you like, I nree-Piece Suits • f %¦'
for the assortment is very //\"'' '. '"•'.'.'/ ¦ - *\ ¦ • (?•*>•
extensive. s&v^** Made of all-wool tweed mix- ys-Jf
The suit must please you $^*$ ures iSfstrfpes V|n"d;ip'aid^; com-,,.,, J^STj^
in pattern, style and wear, < /iWf plise co:lt ' vest nnclknco l^nts; ¦ ''r^Mhim^A
else we want it returned. //jMr*rLS ( coat .single or double breasted'; mW lmn\
We will either exchange the /s&jtifflHB^ stron "' serviceable clothes, m:ide H 'hM§ |I|i: jj lift,
suit satisfactorily to you or by us in our own workshops;, we. /lifMiHllMslik
refund your money. / MlSMW&k guarantee the workmanship; ages ffll F jJaIMS 1
Every suit kept In repair 4^wIUH 9 10 ' 6: lhe pliCC ' It I iti #
free for a year after pur- <ftj Ktf) - r W ;^iw^|f
Wrjf -a 1 'iSEK P ?isis c^wf v sii-IS#?li
\ i Waff sanitary conditions. \MM I f fM£f d ' P
' wi! bi he r ] - bei which the sui - s S V- 'Si ¦¦ 'S,|Slil^ if II [
WlSl ¦ is^'ikewise a guara'n- ¦ : 'w/ \li ¦ J ' ||j!||yl;
mW y< ? u know ' union cutters and' W M^ Spring^l^'in hats, caps.
¦¦pfc* tailors are the best in the world. HI furnishing goods arid: -wash
• These suits- all contain M^^ 1^.^'.- : suits, are now imand are worthy;
When you wish to order Q+\l I A ff\7\¥^^
clothes by mail write for WWijfJ U A) I ¦!• -write us for anything in
our self-measuring blank— *-*'/ >^ , V *-* V *& j_^f meii'gJolf boys' "clothihg,
it assures a good fit. g furnishings or hats. ,
FNFRA-1 Ij Rr RNF
j ii . \ .. ' .: ¦ -?"¦'¦ C* • A \.7 *^** ' ¦' ' ' ' *
"Pe=ru=na Is ail Effective Ctire for
Catarrh,"
General .James R. O'Beirne. 290 Broadway, Washington. D. C, late Commissioner of Charities of New York City. >..
Y., and Assistant Commissioner of Immigration, writes as follows:
"As many of my friends and acquaintances have successfully used your Peruna as a catarrh
cure, I feel that it is ah effective remedy, and I recommend it as such to those suffering from that
disease as a most hopeful source of relief." ' ~ - • - JAMES R. O'BEIRNE.
ISMAR.P1TTSBURG. Majch s.— Following are
ebtlmatcs of the cost of Improvements to
be made by the United States Steel Cor
poration in Plttsburg, work on which has
cither been started or will be during the
year: Armor plate mills. $3,000,000: Bosse
mek' railroad. $1,000,000; Central mills.
Homestead. $750,000: American bridge
plant (new), $1,500,000; Neville Islands fur
nace plant. $1,500,000: other Improvements,
$2*0.000; total, $8,000,000. While nothing
regarding the plans of the corporation
have been announced President Schwab
has made the statem-nt to Plttsburg men
who are Identified with the corporation
that a large portion of the improvement
for the year will be made in the Pitts
burg district.
Big Plans of Steel Corporation.
PARIS, March 8.— The long-standing es
trangement that existed between the In
fanta Eulalie and Don Antonio is nearlng
Its culmination in a legal separation. The
infanta Is now in Paris and, the process
will be begun shortly in the French
courts.
The step contemplated is guarded here
with tip utmost secrecy, but advices from
Madrid leave no room for, doubt in the
matter. >•• : / • i, ;
Against Don Antonio in
French Courts.
DIVORCE MAY SOON END <
*V ., TROUBLES OF EULALIE
Spanish Infanta Will Bring Suit
Mrs. T arrant, accompanied by her two
children, will probably go East to live
with h«T mother.
The statement circulated Is that Tar
rant and Mies Hunt, who had been living
at the family home, came together to
Vancouver a few weeks ago and here
they spent a happy time. The natural up
tn-aiding by his v.if> took place when Tar
rar.t forgot pleasure and went back to
business, but he then Insisted that Miss
Ilunt should return and live with them.
This was done and an apparent reconcili
ation waa effected. Then came the flight
of Tarrant and Mies Hunt, who are sup
posed to have gone to Spokane.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 8.— Walter
t=. Tarrant, mill owner and manager of
the .V^ropa .and Kelson Telephone Com
pany,* • xiith headquarters at Kamloops,
3«- ft the up-country city suddenly yester
day morning Jn company with Miss Fan
rto Hunt. , To-day the toyn Is all agog
v/Jth tho surprise of an elopement sensa
tion. The heart strir.es of Tarrant's do
mestic life Buffered a eevere shock a cou
ple of days ego when his wife is said to
have discovered that he had sold his prop
erty, even down to his house and the fur
niture In It. She demanded a chare of tho
money and his precipitous flight followed.
Northern Town With Another
...:, , , Woman.
V/a.ltcr S. Ttrrant Flees From the
ELOPER LEAVES WIFE
BEHIND IN KAMLOOPS
Men give away their pass out checks
and the result Is often an undesirable per
son at the dance. But should a man de
sire to give away his pass out sign he
could not. A mark In the hollow of the
hand cannot be transferred to the hollow
of another hand. An crfoft to make the
Blft at the best would only show that the
person with the borowed mark had re
• ceived It wrongfully and was a deadbeat
This plan Is the Invention of a member
of the Worcester police force who has had
much experience, as door tender, at pub
lic dances. He says It works to a charm
Of course an occasional disagreeable per
son objects to being stamped, but such a
one receives a double option. He can stay
In or he can stay out.
The new device .Is a small rubber
stamp, usually about three-quarters of an
inch square. The man who wants to come
back does not under this system receive
a check, or his ticket with the corner torn
off, but he turns one of his hands palm
upward and In tho hollow of his palm tho
officer on the door imprints the stamp.
When he comes back he shows his hand
to the officer and the mark of the stamp
Is there as incontrovertible evidence that
he is the one who went out.
-The return check is not what it used to
be. The theaters still use It. but those
who give dances are finding it an lneffl^
dent barrier against the cunning tricks
and schemes of those professional dance
goers whose ambition is to make their
faces serve the same purpose as other peo
ple's money. : S =
Are Using a Device Which
Stamps the Hand. ' ,'
Many Managers of Public Affairs
THE RETURN CHECK MAY
¦ £ SOON BE DISPLACED
THE LESSENING CHANCES
OP PERILS OP THE SEAS
Fewer Lives Lost Last Tear Than
Any During a Quarter of
a Century.
For persons who sail th« seas the last
year was fraught with less danger than
any year since 1S75, says & I. Kimball.
general superintendent of the United
States Life-saving Service, In his annual
report. The loss of life from marine dis
asters last year was less than at any
time during the last quarter of a cen
tury. It was one life for every forty-five
marine casualties as compared with one
for every forty-one in 18S0, which was a
very favorable year.
The number of casualties to documented
vessels was 377. There. were on board
2841 persons, of whom but seven were lost.
The estimated value of tho vessels In
volved In disaster was $3,263,420, and of
their cargoes $2,405,033, making a total
value of property imperiled $7,354,000. Of
this amount $6,405,035 was saved and $943,
965 lost. The number of vessels -totally
lost wan forty-three.
In addition to the foregoing there were
during the year COS casualties to smalt
craft, undocumented, such aa small
yachts, on which were 927 persons, of.
•whom ten were lost. The property In
volved in these Instances is estimated at
$213,540, of which $160,240 was saved ami
$G3.3C0 lost.
Besides tha number of persons saved
from vessels of all kinds, there were six
ty-nine others rescued who had fallen
from wharves and piers or were other
wise in extreme peril, most of whom
would have perished but for the aid of
the llfe-savlntr crews.
at the Palace,- and wfrSn he returned to
Powell street after some delay Smith had
departed. ,,.,<
3 Smith admits writing the check,- but de
nies that he asked Crowther for $10.
"Why,, it was all, a Joke," Smith said.
I never thought he would try to use tho
check. No, no. I never asked him for
money. It was all a Joke."
Crowther is a dapper young fellow, who
feels his disgrace keenly and who is sin
gularly anxious to clear himself of some
of the reflections cast upon him by hid
erstwhile landlord. ; He euys he didn't
have a cheap room, but one of the best in
tho hotel; that he didn't open champagne,
e« it coets too much in this country; that
b« never posed as a young man of wealth,
and that he didn't contract debts beyond
hln ability to, pay had his remittances
from his uncle in Glasgow arrived.
Crowther was released last night on
the depositing of $150 cash bail. Attorney.
William J. Craig, who is representing
Crowther, said- the money was furnished
by one "Anderson," who did not care to
disclose his Identity. I
"He asked me suddenly," Crowther
Fays, "if I couldn't let him have 110 out
of- the change, as he had taken a notion
to do the line that night and was a little
short -Of ' money himself. ! Of course I
couldn't refuse him. I ought to have seen
his game, but I was worried and ¦ that
mutual acquaintance talk had put me olf
my guard.
•'It was 6 o'clock by that time, and. I
went up to the Knickerbocker and had a
settlement with the landlord. Coming
downtown I met Smith by appointment nt
a Powell-street bar. He wanted to cash
Robinson's check there, but I objected
and eaid I would go down to the Palace
and get the money on it: .He said, 'You'll
not mind running back with $10 of it for
¦me," will. you?' Of course I wouldn't. I'd
have run a mile for a chap who had done
me .what I thought was so great a fa
vor." I ', ~"' .' I. '
I But Crowther failed to*Vet the money
So the voluble life insurance posour
rattled on, while young Crowther, grasp
ing at any straw, was profuse in his
thanks.
Needed Money Himself.
They went to the Palace arm In arm.
Smith disappeared long enough to write
the fictitious check for floo and returned.!
"Here is what'll pull you through," he
said heartily. "No, no, we don't want
any security, but you'll bo able to make
It good In two or three days, won't you?"
"Jimmy" Crowther was certainly nr»
• any mark, If hia etory of hie r«imiima
with J, Morpn hmith la true. ll§ says
he wow Introduced ( n a. casual way to
Hmith Wednesday afternoon at the ¥@1*
lemstone galeon on Mentgdmery etreet, It
w«h reining hard, end §m they, loitered
about it developed that Urewtnsr knew
well a Princeton man whom irnlth knew
when h« wai In college. Smith §ven tald
they were both members of the Cotiugg
Club. To eement the new frtendahlp there
were several drinkg. and Crowther Mked
not to be tittered up against a drinking
crowd, as h« wbi out of funds.
"Why. old man, don't lot that worry
you," smith said. "I'll see a friend of
mine down at the Palace and get you n
loan In a Jiffy."
Smith walked nervously about the City
Prieon whllo McCloskey and Crowther
were talking. He was Beared, and hla ex
j'lunations to tho reportem were trem*'
uingiy and confusedly given,
J. Morgan Smith, with whom the de
tectives had already had a talk, hurried to
the Hall of Justice as soon as he heard
01 Crowther' s arrest. He was anxloua
that Crowther should nay nothing and
trust him to get him out of the scrape,
lie said he would get him a lawyer, and
forthwith he had Detective Ross Whita
ker telephone to Henry II. McCloskey,
who came to the prison at once and had a
consultation with Crowther, and went
away promising to arrange the bail, fixed
at $2000 bond or 11000 cash, promptly,
J POLLARD CROWTIIER lnn
gulshed in a cell at the City
• Prison.' with a charge of felony,
Q the passihs of a fictitious chock,
against him, from early yester
day morning until long after midnight,
while J. Morgan Smith, who flits through
the tenderloin as the nephew of J. Pier
pont Morgan, and who wrote the ficti
tious check that has already cost the
young Kobe bank clerk so much trouble
and disgrace, loitered about his usual
haunts. •
Smith says it was all a Joke; that he
wtote the check, but did not suppose
Crowther would think it was genuine.
Crowther says Smith deliberately gave
Mm the paper as genuine, hoping to get
$10 out of the change which he supposed
iht- landlord of the Knickerbocker would
give the young fellow.
Crowther was arrested yesterday morn
ing by Detective- Coleman on the third
foor of the Mills building as ho came
from the office of the attorney of Land
lord Robinson of the Knickerbocker. . De
tective and prisoner had luncheon to
gether and then Crowther was booked at
the Jail. The youth, who but a fow weeks
ago was entertaining society people At
dinner and driving with society buds,
l'uund hlmsol< thrust into a cell with two
unwashed specimens of the criminal class
to share with him whether It pleased hH
fastidious tastes or not the discomforts
of his prison. ' .'.'f. ';•• ; V,,V
J. Morgan Smith Gets the Lawyer.*
TWO FOSTOFFICES BOBBED.
Thieves Take Government Coin In
Santa Paula and La Mesa.
BAKERSFIELD, March 8.— Sheriff
Borgwardt has received word from Sher
iff 'Paul Charlebois of Ventura County
that tho Dontotnco' in Santa Paula was
robbed last night of $150 in money and
$1000 in stamps. The men escaped on
horseback. Sheriff Borgwardt has been
requested to keep a watch for the thieves.
As It is believed the men are coming in
this direction, the local postoffice authori
ties have been notified of the Santa Paula
burglary that precautions might be taken.
SAN DIEGO, March 8.— The postoffice
in La Mesa was entered last night and all
the moncflr. In the office, amounting to only
a few dollars, was taken. There is no
clew to, the thieves. ,--*
Thieves Don Stylish Garb.
REDDING, March 8.— An unusual rob
bery occurred here last night. The men's
furnishing goods store of George Sechrist
was entered by two men, who doffed their
old clothes, took an entire lot of new ral
ment, from silk underwear to ragians,
and from swell shoes to stylish hats in
clusive, rpbbed the cash register gf the
faw dollars u corualnea and made their
departure.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
DETROIT, Mich,, .March I.-Frank
Conger of UrouUlyn, N, V., vice president
of the American Bridge Company, died
suddenly from aftoploxy at the Wayne
liutpi, For the past two days Ctonger
had been Hi, but his condition was not
considered gerlGuo. He was 63 years of
age. He was a stockholder In the United
States Steel Corporation and had large
interests at Groton, N. Y., whera Jio wns
president of the First National and the
Mechanics' National banks. .
James William. Oamoron.
'% riel ,H. Crocker.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 8,-
James William Cameron of Bozeman,
Mont..' one of* Stanford's moat popular,
students. ! who was taken to the Lane
Hospital In San Francisco yesterday, died
this morning from .ulcer of the stomach.
Cameron was a .member of , the Junior
class, a prominent debater and an en
thueiastlc leader- in several of 'the
student organizations. .- -'.
John Lindsay.
• BOSTO£ . March' 8.— Uriel H. Crocker,
author of* <»'/eral- standard books on legal
subjects,^ *d at his home here to-day,
aged 69 years. * He was prominent in char
itable and philanthropic work and a mem
ber of various patriotic and social or
ganizations. -
ST. LOUIS,. March: S.— John, Lindsay,
former chief of the St. Louis\Fire De
partment, died. to-dny. after a long Illness.
Lindsay was : a member of", the Fire De
partment for more than twenty years'pre
vious'to ISO*. ¦ ..
RELATIVE OF THE NEW YORK FINANCIER AND THE YOUNG VIC
TIM OF HIS JOKE; WHO IS NOW IN JAIL, AS A " RESULT OB' MIS
PLACED CONFIDENCE. .. . ; . .
Murder Without Provocation.
GeOrge Hayes of Seattle. was in Frank
lin last' night r on business. He says that
When the two men entered Hyde's saloon
one of them without tho slightest provo
cation shot the bartender through the
h^art. Then they lined up the customers
against the wall, making a thorough
search of each of them. From one man
they took $50. One who had no money was
beaten on the head, with revolvers.
Hyde, the proprietor of the saloon, was
playing cards in the back room at the
time. The robbers discovered him and
evidently knew him. They marched him
out behind the bar, and ordered him to
open the safe. Hyde had no alternative
but to comply, as two revolvers )were
pointed at his head. The thieves got
about $125 from the safe. They left by
the back way and made for their horses
near by.
Martin Johnson was very popular and It
may have been owtng to his fearless dis
position that he lost his life. He is said
by some to have refused to hold up his
hands when commanded to do so, while
others .who were In the saloon when the
robbery occurred say that the tall man
who tired did- not- give JohnsoA time 'to
obey tho command.
Two men wero found in Franklin who
•ay they saw two men ride up within a
hundred feet of the naloon nnd then-dle
mount. They w<;rc met by two other men,
who wore long rain coata. The four
walked rapidly to tho saloon und two
went In, while the others stayed outside.
At tho time nothing was thought of their
actions. The informants eay that this oc
curred at about 8:45 o'clock. It is learned
in Frunklin thut six rough characters left
Cumberland yesterday afternoon, bound
.for Franklin, and it la believed that the
murderers were of this party. Fifteen
Deputy Sheriffs are on the hunt, arid It
cannot be long before some trace of the
desperadoes la found.
Bobbers. Have Confederates.
The ealoon where the affair took place
1h the only one in Franklin and Is located
in the coal company's store. I^ess than a
year ago It wan held up and the proprietor
robbed of . J2500. The town is wildly ex
cited. ' Armed parties aro Bcnrching tho
woods, where it la believed the robber*
arc in hiding.
All wires leading into the town were
grounded yesterday and last night and
this delayed reports of the crime. The
etory. was carried aa aoon as possible to
Deputy Sheriff Frazlcr at Black Diamond,
who went to Leary, on the Northern Pa
cific, and wired the news to the 8herln!'H
office in Seattle.
The robbers wore masks made at blue
overalls. . They ran into the saloon and
covering the crowd with revolvers ordered
hands-up. Bartender Johnson, given no
time to obey the command, was shot, dy
ingalmost immediately. The robbers.then
searched the till and the pockets of all
present. , They got in ..all J170 and two
watches. The desperadoes disappeared as
quickly as they camo.
SEATTLE, March 8.— Martin, Johnson,
bartender In Thomas Hyae's saloon in
Franklin, was shot and killed at 9:30
o'clock last night by two masked despera
does, who robbed the till and held up all
the .men in the saloon, about fifteen in
number. .,.¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fifteen Patrons of the Place "Are
Lined Up Against the Wall
and Searched for
Valuables.
Give the Victim No Time to
Comply With the Com
mand "Hands Up."
Raid a Saloon in Frank
lin and Shoot the
1" Barkeeper.
MASKED MAN
ADD MURDER
TO ROBBERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 0, 1002:
j. Morgan Smith Admits That He Wrote the
Fictitious Check arid Gave It to Growther,
but Claims It Was Done ,as a Joke
CITY PRISON CELL HOLDS
DAPPER KOBE BANK GLERK
19
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIEB.
W® ff€m®wr WSsatf
Is going to happen to the little boy who
is stuffing himself, with green apples. A
grown man couldn't be , induced to try
that experiment j and yet the grown man
•will overload himcelt with indigestible
food 'for •which he will pay a greater
penalty than colic. It is this careless
and thoughtless eating which h the be-
ginning of stomach trouble and, all it:
painful consequences'; /
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov«
ery cures dyspepsia and other forms of
"stomach trouble," It restores the weak
and ruti'down man or woman to sound
health, • -'
"Boiue Um« lias elapsM *fne- I havi- written
you In rrgnrd tn the treatment I have h«cn
tailing unaer yoar instructions," •ays Mr, V,, V,
Cinf.'inara, of MilincapoIU, Mh;n. "When first
I ouiiiiKiicpil (aklng ymir TnunUm r wns undfr
trrium«iu of • wfU-^nowii gpecialht lu this city
(•nd h»d f>ern far four month*), for catarrh,
»Ud t^.rrUWy fclWlftrh iniHhlf,, And I WM
rapidly f«ttiny worM. <W, f4 bud tlmt I f <, ti l.1
net «nt aiiytninir tbut did 11.-4 i\\%nr** ms
terribly, sud I wa* «UUuf\ \n quit taking tin
deeteri tfrntsirnt «nUrtly. I wat greatly r«>
4iiC94 In flnhi As i last ' /
wsprt I wrene to you, w^CX-^^r
Mfl lUUd mye«*, flijt-*« w (jtfif X. I
After »f tlvlntf jfiur in. 'tfasW /Av 1!
•tmetlou* I rotloweit. 1*^ [MM I
them clomly, \ After, .y ¦¦' , r , I
taklnc Ava bottlM or I)f. ,'.;¦'. Ulf
ritrers iloMeii i*?(1!cn1 ¦' II
lilscoverv and one vml Hi
leommeMeedtolmpf-eve! l|J
end decided to eonUuue /jtrO^ III i
lh« medicine* and ob- fiSffi»^lf\ II n *
serve vour lti«tructious IC^*^S'iW ill
r«(r«rd{ne hygienic treat' fo rs kZn Mf
ment, It Is now nearly ¦ / %• ¦5R' III
nix mouths since t com* ' V** , JBD Enl
menecd your treatment WWKTX i ' ntt :
¦nd I can tay that I am «w»KPQj4|L nl«
i^tll and uerer felt better "' j^WZmi^fflhay
enXctul to%oufbr Zh7t (B'M'ifflfflffi£$&
your medicine bas drae ii||wOT/{|]Bffl^Sl
Pellets cure
biliousness and
tick headache. /^^^^^M^^m
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR^ra^SI
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five
hundred^ reward for, any .case we ¦ !ul • tSS£\
cannot cure.- This 'secret remedy *¦'/-' '
cureH ' Knilssions." ¦ . Impotency, ' \ ; 3551 R{ i
Vtricocele,' - Gonorrhoea,,- Gleet, 5*f* ."'¦¦SB
Strictures, ,' Drains, Lost Man- ' lyx ill '
hood and all oth^r wasting ef- y,j$ - M
fects of self-abuse or excesses. «%!»"*— ¦yTSRl
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure -any case. . Call ; 6r address ' orders
HALL'S MEDICAL: INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
way, j Oakland, Cal. Alsp for sale at ¦ 1073 \i'
Market St., S. F. Send for free book. ¦
__ . ; • DB. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
WHAT! SAMPLE BOTTLE
OF SWAMP-BOOT DID.
To Prove What the ' Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
: Root, Will. Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
W. F. Lohn«s. a prominent business man of Springfield, Ohio, writes the fot-
!' ns P r< "nptly ient. I was so plea»#d aft^r trying the nampl<s bottl« that I nent
to the drug «tore and procured a supply, i have used 8wnmp-Root reirularly for
norn« time, and consider It 'unsurpassed an a remedy for torpid liver, lois of apn«-
tlte nnd general a«rnngf.mi>nt of th« digestive functions. I think my trouble was
ii?.5,. t 0 clo»<. conrtn^m^nt In my business. I can recommend It highly for all
liver and kWney complaints. I am not In the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
In this case 1 cannot speak too much In praise of what Swamo-Koot has done
for me.
43fc' WcBt" High Street. r *• c Q^ tfrZst/t&a&J
The mild arid extraordinary effect of the world-fa.mnu« vmm« *~a m,j^..
remedy. Pr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized Tt atknrt, th« i,iS?..» b l* dd ,? r
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. ndS lhe hl 8 hcst for lts
EDITORIAL NOTE.-If you are sick or "feel badly " berln takin.- th» f^«««-
new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as «oona« vn^? ff iri5n.v. m0U "
well they will help all the other organs to "Smith. A "Xl "n^onvlnce anyone
You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy iwanSot «m
absolutely free by mail, also a book telllnj all about Swllmpl'Robt %£d contklnfne "
many of the thousand* upon thousands o? testimonial letters received frSm m"n
and women who owe their good health, n fact their very lives to the irreat^cura"
tlve properties of Swamp-Root In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co .. BlngfiamtoS N
Y^ be sure to say that you read this generous offer In The San Franclscf Sunday
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Js what you need vou can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at thedr'ue stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root Fr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Clnghamton. N. Y on every tot tie
ADVESTIBEMENTB.
B*n FVandsco, Sunday, 9 March. 1902. H
Q O- — -O 1
Here's a dainty Roman chair that would make a good im- I
preision in any reception hall or drawing-room. Perhaps it is |
ju?t what you want for that vacant spot? And you don't. have I
lo spend much, rither. Quite an odd design, but of strong con- h
ftruction and finished very tastily. We have it in oak. eolden |
finish, and in the new weathered oak, at $7.50. B
Other ftylcs equally pleasing. One pattern, which is very H
\ similar to the above pictured, but less elaborate— in golden oak fcj
i and mahoganized birch, at $5.50. P
Come in and look through the line— every piece i* priced in V'*"l
I plain figures, and you hardly need the assistance of a sales- ij
¦ man to find something to srit. ¦
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
, 957 lo 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue
A? X O\J CCfclX Sol V G **k '
/at The Owl\
ff Everybody ought t« buy^ »11 their drug*, medieinci ind
'ff toilet irtldci it The Owl, bcViuie you not only get the .very flj\
$ b«t of everything you wint, but you get It to much cheiper \\
m.\ this you would piy if you went to other itorei. ' l\
III 1 Here U ¦ Hit of drug itore goodi it ipeelil pricei for TO
/ one week only. The nlo cndi 8«turdiy night, Mireh 15th. «\\
|| Telephone ordcf 1 delivered— South 356. Open diy ind night, JU
1 I Kirk'* Ofttmul tnd Dairy One each Menncn'i and Mil
Queen So*pi 6 ctko 20c Lei!e/i Talcum Powder 20e II 1
¦¦ \ tell* «*efr»fctf« ht ft • ttk« tht tttvitt ff\f »f Mtantn »\t tit kU\
1 Woodbu0F«l»IS».D ISe iV.r V# k "•"""" |
\ ,{ a (ftfifli «f «* tkii w«k \ r ««!»! Ly On » f Tooth Powder 15c fai
1' C ;'. d X >^l-..i/°..5< Hoyf.O.rm.nColoi.. lSe/JJ
1. S& i, ,- -i^'t ft&ft "^ Wittr 3Sc - f
ft S£— — -J* uSn^;P.wd«r20. I
VV\ Send for our now catalogue— just cmt If//
€ For THis "WeeK. 1
I Telephone yovr order and we will deliver it £
I promptly. , Phone Ho.— South 756. \
I Sheffield's 'Dentifrice ....2 for 25c. [
I Beef, Iron and Wine 50c; 3 bottles $1.25 I]
I Liebig's Malt Extract 15c: 1 dozen 81.75 1
I Peruna..,.,.;., r ..85c; 4 bottles $3.00 |
1 Pinktiam's Compound l,....75c: 4 bottles $2.75 I
1 Swamp Root, large size £5c;^4 bottles $3.0O ?
I Hot Water Bottles, 2-quart :.............. 50C |
I Trusses $UOO and upward f\
I Electric Batteries $4.50 and upward I
g Abdominal Belts SK5O and upward I
I Special inducements in EYES EXAMINED FREE. |
I Cameras and PnotO Sup- Optical Department in charge U
1 plies. -of an Expert Optician. f|
ftj r Wo Give Trading Stamps- ' JDanes Discuss the Island Sale.
BIG BOATS GET
CLOSE IN FOG
Camperdown Narrowly
Escapes Sinking Em
press of India.
QUEEXSTOTVN, March' 8.— During the
trip of the Channel squadron from Beech
Haven to this port the battleship Cam
perdown, which sank the battleship Vic
toria in the Mediterranean June 22, 1823.
twice narrowly escaped sending the bat
tleship Empress of India to the bottom.
There was a dense fog during the whole
tr:n. Boon after starting the Camper
down steamed within a few feet of her
eiFter battleship, and cnty skillful ma
neuvering prevented a collision. Again,
r.'hen off Kinsale, the Camperdown was
LONDON, March 8— King Edward and
Queen Alexandra participated in a num
ber of Inspections and ceremonies at Ply
znouth to-day, including the distribution
of China medals. Among the recipients
vrere Admiral Sir Edward Hobart Sey
mour, who commanded the first Peking
relief expedition. The principal ceremony
of the day was the launching of the flrst
class battleship Queen, by Queen Alexan
dra, and the laying of the keel plate of
the first-class battleship King Edward
VII, by King Edward. The latter will be
built on the slip on which the Queen was
constructed. The King Edward VII will
eclipse all previous efforts In naval con
struction. She will be of 16.800 tons dis
placement and carry four 9.2-inch guns in.
addition to the usual 12-inch, 'and 6-incn
guns. •.'¦'i£-" :
almost in collision ¦with the Empress of
India, when shouts of "for God's sake,
reverse," averted a disaster. .
FIELD OPEN
FOR LIMANTOUR
BRITAIN WILL
REMOVE DUTY
The Mexican Minister of
Finance May Succeed
Diaz.
West Indies Expect Re
lief for Sugar Ex
portations.-
General Reyes Said to Have
No Desire for Pres-
Product . Now Coming > to
Americans May Go to
LONDON, March. 8.— It is learned that
the British Government intends in the
naar future to remove the half-penny per
pound duty which Is now imposed on
West Indian sugar.
This will afford the West Indies the
relief they have demanded until the Brus
sels convention comes into force. Between
now and September, 1903, according to
the terms of the convention, Great Britain
can take any steps she deems advisable
to safeguard the Industry.
The abatement of the sugar duties from
the West Indies Is tantamount to giving
it preferential treatment over all other
sugars, though, of course, it ceases the
moment the Brussels agreement becomes
operative. % ~ .. -
According to representatives of. the
leading sugar houses herb the immediate
effect will be to bring to English ports the
West Indian sugar which is now going to
American markets. A delegation, of lead
ing West Indians, Whom the Colonial
Office consulted this week on this matter,
declared that unless something of the
kind was done the West Indies would
be ruined before the new arrangement
could commence working.
MEXICO CITT, March 8.-Recent tele
grams from points on the American fron
tier to Journals of weight and prominence
In the United States deal with the impor
tant matter of the succession to toe
presidency of this republic In case of the
retirement of President Diaz, or at the
expiration of his present constitutional
period, and it was stated that he would in
such case be succeeded by the present
Minister of War, General Bernardo
Reyes. •
American papers have widely comment
ed on this dispatch, praising the Minister
of War as a valiant soldier and as Gov
ernor of the important State of Nuevo
lieon, where his administration gave sat
isfaction not only to the Mexican people,
but to resident Americans, and it was
properly argued that so capable an ad
ministrator would be certain tff' carry on
the wise policy of President Diaz, who
has created what is now generally called
"modern Mexico."
American editors also noted the fact of
sympathy existing between ¦ Americans
and General Reyes, who, it was said,
would be certain to maintain the peace of
Mexico unaltered.
It is known, on unimpeachable author
ity, that General Reyes, in case of the
Presidential succession being open for tho
causes named, would give his cordial sup
port to the candidacy of Minister of Fi
nance Jose Ives Limantour, a statesman
of demonstrated aptitude for the highest
position in the Government and a strong
and able man.
People unacquainted | with Mexican af
fairs have sometimes regarded Senor Ll
mantour as being merely a financier,
which la an error, and It is believed ap
parently In the United States that only a
soldier can maintain the present most
satisfactory state of things in this coun
try. . Thus it has come about that the
American presa has spoken enthusiasti
cally of General Reyes as the successor of
President Diaz. But It Is known here that
General Reyes Is himself one- of the ele
ments of strength behind Minister Ltman
tour, as Reyes has clearly and publicly
on various occasions expressed himself.
MRS. MAYDRICK WILL NOT
GET CORONATION AMNESTY
Mother of the American Woman Im
prisoned in England Denies
Itocont Humors.
LONDON, March 8.— The Baroness tie
Itoques denies nil the reports that har
daughter, Mn. Florence Maybrtck, will
lit- included In the coronation amneity.
Him fa l.i to-day:
"1 huvs not rocntv«d information of any
ncrt rotating to Mrs. Muybrlck'* po*3tbl«
rrlri {!.•<». 1 havo no anticipation of auch
release, or knowledge of any Intended cor*
m ft i Inn amnesty."
Tho officials of the United States Em
bassy Bay there is no possibility of any
action In Mrs. May brick's case in. the
near future. -,'•,¦
WINDOW SPECULATORS
BEGIN * THEIR HARVEST
Seats Along the Coronation Parade
Route Sell at Very High
Figures.
LONDON. March 8.— This city is al
ready flooded' with illustrated literature
pointing out the advantageous view
points from which tho coronation parade
may be witnessed. Many single windows
opening on balconies ot such points a9
Ludgate Hill have already been let for
£42 each. Single seats in the Strand have
been sold for £3 to £5. Single windows
Avlth exceptional approaches on tho Sur
rey eldo have brought 'jE73.
Equally elaborate plans for viewing the
naval pu ratio are already In full swing.
Tho demand for high-class steamem it* ex
pected to exceed the Bupply. From ten to
eighteen guineas are now nuked for uln
i;lo bertha,
Former American Hay Not Havo an
Opportunity to Try for
Farlinment.
PLACE IS NOT OPEN ,
. ) TOR WILLIAM W. ASTOB
LONDON, March 8.-WUh reference to
the report that William Wiildorf Aitor
had hIkmIiIimI hts wIMIiikmk'hh to become a
candidate for Ptxrllament tor the Epaom
division of Surrey, tho chief ngunt ot the
Conservative party, Rlchtml \V. 15. Mid
dleton, euld to-flny that there would b«
mo vacancy In the Epsom division until
the next general election and that h« had
learned nothing about Aator's candidacy.
Middleton said also Unit thn report that
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary, had
practically been decided upon us the suc
cessor of Lord Salisbury In the Premier
bhlp iv;u4 purely speculative, as nothing
had been settled' in the matter.
Handwriting Transmitted by Wire.
PARIS, March 8.— The telautograph, an
instrument which transmits handwriting,
has just, been tried in the central tele
phone- ofilco of Paris. Experiments were
conducted over the Paris-Lyon3 wire, and,
except for a alight tremor due to induc
tion, were perfectly successful.
Increase in Nitrate Duty.
VALPARAISO, March 8.— As a result
of the nitrate combination formed here,
the Government has decided to increase
by six pence per quintal the export duty
on nitrates. The increase of duties will
produce annually £10,000,000 additional
revenue. •
Itnilway Strike Averted in, Borne.
* ROME, March' 8.— The railway Btrike,
which has been impending for some time
past, has been averted by the making of
mutual concessions, resulting from the
strong pressure which the Government
has exercised both upon the railway com
panies and their employes. It is rumored
that the Government had agreed to ap
propriate 31,000,000 llro for a' workmerTs
fund to offset^ certain claims of the men.
The Government decree calling to the
colors all railroad employes belonging to
the mobile and territorial armies will, it
is announced be revoked to-morrow.
Delivery Debate Is Closed.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— The House
to-day closed the general debate on the
bill to classify the rural free delivery ser
vice and place the carriers under the con
tract system. It is expected the vote will
be taken on Monday. • '•
Sealing Fleet Crews on Strike.
ST. JOHNS, N. P., March 8.— The crews
of the sealing fleet, numbering about 3000,
went on strike to-day, demanding, an in
crease in price for the catch from $3
per hundred to 34. The strikers paraded
the streets with flags and proceeded to
Government House to lay their case be
fore the Governor, Sir Cavendish Boyle.
The demonstration was orderly. Tho
ships will be unable to sail Monday morn-
Ing unless an adjustment is effected be
fore that time. . > - _
Prize for an Aerial Voyage.
LONDON,, March 8.— Through the Aero
Club, C. A. Pearson, the publisher, has
offered Santos-Dumont a prize of £4000 for
an airship voyage from London to Birm
ingham. No time limit Is fixed. . The dis
tance is. 100 miles. This will be the great
est feat Santos-Dumont has yet attempt
ed. By request ,¦¦ of Santos-Dumont the
competition is open to all aeronauts.
San Franciscan Loses Life.
IONE, March 8.— Peter Lavelle stepped
between the engine and tender of an out
going train here this morning, fell and
was dragged sixty feet. Both legs were
crushed above the . knee, and he died
three hours later while the limbs were
being amputated. Lavelle had a family
in San Francisco. His parents live at
2<«9 Pine street.
Sonoma County Sells Franchises.
SANTA ' ROSA/- March 8.— Before ad
journing' the March session to-day, the
Board of Supervisors sold two franchises
granting right of way over public roads
in Sonoma County. The first -was to A.
Sbarboro of San Francisco and associates,
¦who will construct an electric line from a
point on Sulphur Creek above Geyserville
as far south as Healdsburg, the purpose
being to supply . Cloverdale, Geyservilla
and Asti with electric light and power.
Sbarboro said $50,000 would be expended
on the enterprise. The second franchise
¦was to the California Central Gas and
Electric Company, a branch of the Bay
Counties Company, for a pipe line between
here and Petaluma. 1
Athletic Events Postponed.
BERKELEY. March 8. — Because of rain
the Berkeley-Oakland High School field
day was for two weeks. Tha
Stanford-Olympic baseball game went
over indefinitely.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUISTDAY,; MARCH 9, 1902
PARIS. March 8. — A great' fire- has occurred
at the ;, Government^ arsenal - at . Loria. - (Docu
ments,plans. and , reports : of great Importance
have been idestroyed .i • -
. SACRAMENTO,; March 8.— Mrs. ', George
W. Peltier, eldest daughter of ex-Senator
Frederick- Cox. president of the Califor
nia State Bank, is lying. critically ill- at
her home in this city and there appears
small hope for, her recovery.
Mrs. Peltier Critically HI:
ST. LOUIS, March 8.— A dinner was
given to Governor Stanley and the Kansas
World's Fair Commission at tho Mercan
tile Club to-night. President Francis
thanked tho Kansas gentlemen If or. the
prompt response given by Kansas to tho
call for State appropriations, Kansas be
ing one of tho fljst States to make an ap
propriation for the St. Louis World's
Fair. The amount appropriated wa3
$75,000, and assurance was given at the
dinner to-day that the amount would be
considerably increased. , , ¦•:.¦¦'¦•
Kansas Thanked for Contribution.
PACIFIC GROVE, March 8.-George E.
Hart Jr. shot and slightly, wounded I*
Sherwood at the former's residence this
mornlnjer. The troublo arose over Sher
wood's alleged attentions to Hart's wife.
Mrs. Hart Informed her husband,of,Sher
wood's behavior and to-day when Sher
wood appeared at Hart's house, an alter
cation , occurred, which resulted in the
shooting. The affair has been settled be
tween tho two and will not be taken into
court. .Hart and Sherwood were formerly
friends.
Slightly Wounds a Former
• .Friend.
Pacific Grove Resident Shoots and
PAID TO HIS WIEE
. PIETERMARITZBURG, .'Natal. March
8.— The /Natal ' Legislature has adopted a
resolution in favor of compulsory military
service. .-. ' •..¦¦. ¦'-.-¦...¦ '¦>'¦:. •';' • . ' ¦
LONDON, March 8.-Lord' Kitchener, In
a dispatch from Pretoria dated to-day, ro
ports tho discovery 'of a Boer magazine
in a cave northeastward of Rletz, Orange
River Colony, containing 310,000 rounds of
rlflo ammunition, hundreds of shells and
fuses, 200 pounds; of powder,, o Maxim
gun, field telephones and ,\ quantities, of
stores. Thirty-live Boers havo been cap.
turcd in tho same neighborhood since
March 4. The magazine was . discovered
by Canadian Bcouts, commanded by Col
onel Ross. / •
GENQA, Switzerland, March 8.— The
Canton authorities here have prohibited
a Red Cross procession which was to,havo
taken place. to-morrow, as-they fear anti-
British demonstrations. The members of
the Red Cross- Society proposed to carry
a flag draped with crape as a protest
against the alleged violation of the laws
of warfare by England in South Africa.
Secretary , Hay gave his caller a sym.
pathetic reception, but was unablo to
make any promise. that the United States
Government would" chango tho 'attitude
toward this subject that It haB consistent
ly.; assumed.
.As in the. case of other Boer repre
sentatives Dr. Mueller was received upon
the distinct understanding that he came
in a private capacity and not as a dip~
lomatic representative. Unlike the pre
ceding callers he. did not address himself
to the subject; pf Intervention or media
tion, nor did he broach the question of
the mule shipments to. South Africa. Ha
told the- Secretary a pitiful tale of the
sufferings and of frightful • mortality
among the recqneentrados, the death rate
among the children in the camps running
as high, as 50 per cent; according to his
statement.. ¦ , . ' ,
"WASHINGTON, March 8.-Dr. Hein
rich' Mueller, one of the European dip
lomatic representatives of , the Orange
F^ee State, called! upon Secretary Hay at
the State Department to-day and had half
an hour's interview with him.
Representative of Boers
Calls on Secretary
of State.
The derelict Laura Pike has gone
ashore nine miles west of Carmanah and
the Indians are getting the lumber out of
her.'
VICTORIA, B. C, March 8.— Wreckage
from some of the many ships which have
been lost off the entrance to the straits
is still coming ashore in the vicinity of
Carmanah. One of the lightkeepers haa
just completed a tramp along the coast
fcr a distance of seven miles to the east
of Carmanah and has , found a . great
quantity of flotsam, including- several
pieces of hard wood 1n maple and' walnut,
which look like the cabin fittings from a
steamer. Possibly considerable of. that
wreckage comes from the I lost Mattea
wan and the cruiser Condor. '
lier Matteawan and Cruiser
Condor.
May Have Come From the Lost Col-
MUCH WEECKAC-E WASHED
• ASHOEE NEAB CAHMLAJS'AH
TELLS OF DEATH
IN THE CAMPS
spoke against the sale of the isl-
v ands. Ottesen demanded a plebiscite. The
question will come up again on Monday
next. The session to-day was not an open
session. There will be two readings of
the treaty in open session. •
COPENHAGEN, March 8.-The treaty
providing for the sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States was discussed
in the Folkething to-day. The Prfmier
and Foreign Minister, Dr. Duenster, made
a long speech, which created an excellent
impression. Only Johan Ottesen and a few
20
•g— Our great White Goods Sale begins to-morrow, with every promise of wholly'and brilliantly excelling all foregoing events of this character. Over "^3
ZZ. 40,000 vards go on sale, embracing a most bewildering variety of the daintiest, sheerest and most exquisite whit© materials of 1902, such a^
Organdies, Nainsooks, Persian and Victoria Lawns, Dimities, India Linbn; Tuckings, etc. The equal of such a white stock as this has never 'before =35
*t= been shown in any store. For over six months we have been planning this sale— planning to make it an overwhelming success. How : well; we -have site- S3
ZZ. ceeded, we are now ready for you to judge. The figures we print tell the story of low prices — but the goods themselves must be" seen before you can appre- 12
*p: - date the quality and immensity of thjs Great Stock. . - _ .• ¦' --o
E «« to .. White India Linon French Nainsook Wash Chiffon White Dimities Persian Lawn English Long Cloth 3
value. A soft and sheer .uallty. Vory^opul^for dresses, gj^^g^g i
SI Z2 inches wide at 14c yd. Regular 10c cuallty.. 15c quality.. ••••-• "V 50c quality .....»hown. 25c quality....:....'.;'. ciSh 5S?1*
m lire vbJup 2Tir *or 7C }fl. lor l—e ya. ¦* • , •»-:,» .,» fnt> 1«».» vH t-lotn, a sneer quai- —
| KJSSS3K $ «*^ | 'MB. » iMi^lg * if#PPl illlliil 1 iiii^i ii?^.#iJp
-Z CS Inches wide at 2»o yd. for lie jd .for 1BC jd. ....... .. for 40c yd. Q .. : -- •*« 25c yd. % spe cIal.?l.lO piece -^
E CSlnc^d^eyd. g^^»g| |§|^lgg t^Hf^P a^^u^^^l
S^ 1 CS inchefwidp at .V»c yd. Keguar 30c quality. 30c quality 75c quality. .. J .. 35c quality ; 60c ; quality; ............ 35c and 40c a yard; at.. .r^J
g- Keg. value 7ftc. for 21 c .yd. for 24c yd. for COc yd. for 25c yd. for 4Oc yd. ..21c yd
UGE STRIPED AND OPEN-WORK LAWNS. WHITE TUCKING AND CAMBRIC. HEMSTITCHED AND SATIN-STRIPED LAWNS. -3
2— Worth from 2So to 3Se t Yard- SreeUl Va'ne 50 pieces 36-inch cambric finish Lone Cloth. C'/-» / '¦'¦< ¦ Worth 2 Oo and 25o Yard. Special »t '
a cr«t variety of mercerized and hand- |Q r regular value 12^c. Sale price.. .Tard O3 1 - " O ne ot the greatest of White 1 Goods bargains ,1 A C Z2
*f— , , , , . ', „„, -,™«^n^v t ««-n« i, Mn «i l*/v» • ' ever offered. Over 100 pieces to choose from.. They !T"w z^
~ fhrunk. fancy striped and openwork Lawns, beauti- 40 pieces White Tucking, a splendid quality for Q^, include the choicest styles of fancy striped TARD =35
»— ful white fabrics for dresses and waists, are good TARE* waists and yokings: actual value 75c. Sale price.. "T"O"w cheviots, hemstitched and openwork lawns, which restularly
value at S5c and S5c. Sale price 19c yd ' YARD sell as high a6 25c yard, during this sale your choice.. 14c yd <->¦«
§f SECOND WEEK OF OUR GREAT EXPANSION SALE, 2
J*r: I MPVV A\in FYTPAflRnirHARY OFFFRIMfiS In Ladles" Suits, Jackets. S1IK and Clotrj Skirts. Rainy Day Skirts, Petticoats, MusIIq Underwear, "^
¦^ iVLW AI\LI LAII\AUI\UJ!\AI\I UrrLI\ll\U J sji^ and Wool Wa | sts . corsets. Eldzrdown Robes. Sacques, Etc. . , .;•;.. v *^J
|C» AT 67YDAIVIQION >C Al ST opened with a rush. NEVER has a sale attracted such enormous crowds of people. They have become thor- Z35
*^ Uvit Wll»C"** • CAr rtWQIwIl «J**^^ oughly aroused at the remarkable values. There is no. question but that to-morrow will test our selling capacity — ¦«»
•*¦" .' - ¦"¦" llll ~" 1 ~ to the limit. ' You may not get around the store quite. so rapidly through these great crowds,; but all you re- •_„,
**f*~ quire Is a little patience, and you will positively receive the greatest values ever known in this city. These tremendous reductions are the result of our determination to close out our '— «a
»~ KNTIRE STOCK of Ladies' Suits. Skirts, Waists, etc — because we are now getting ready' to occupy soon our. entire second floor for the DISPLAY and SALE of READY-TO-WEAR "~^ 1
y- GARMENTS, and before alterations are completed present stocks must be disposed of, regardless of original cost or value. /The following items'are but a few of the many bargains fZm
t*— to be found here to-morrow: • . . ' , .;.'•¦ .¦'".- ; . "*"p
H I $12,50 Silk Petticoats $7.45 Each. I Flannel Wasts $3.95 Each. I I Biggest Values Ij.Slik Waists. |[ $4 00 Golf skim for $1,9j Fach.i 2
?*~ Our Petticoat sales have been the talk of Hlsrheet Novelty Flannel Waists; none The greatest §ilk Waist bargains of- Ladles' Rainy Day Skirts, made of all _ --
»»— tlie city, and the offers for this week are are reserved; all have to go; the bargain « fered by any house in this city, and you wool' Oxford, gray and black material.
"" truly remarkable. In all the best color- event of the year; included are Corduroy know our Waist offers are famous. flounces nicely stitched and corded. Great _ —
Z^ ir.n?. and black and white stripes. Grand an d finest French Flannels. AVere $8.50 • value $4.00. Sale price $1.05 Each — «•
•^ value at 512.50; eale price. . .$7.43 Each a nd $7.50; all marked now..$3.O3 Each . . ' ' _3JJ
g $3.50 Petticoats far S2.45 Each, jtiib Eltata Bmiii».95 ftcl $5 - 00 Waists f ° f SU9 M ' $6: °° Dr8SS sklrti tor im m ' 1
— " vt wv tiuumuun ixiiiiwiiuj yi.uw huh Thege arg mnae of anfl durab]e immense values— nothing like it ever HJ
Jt= The very finest of Mercerized Italian ..... „. ,.. ,.„„ t „„ vnn . WMft , Taffeta, in a good assortment of colors. offered before for the price. These are
"- cloth Petticoats, with graduated double in j! nLiv L «~ h»^.i»iv also black : thls season's styles. "Were new spring • styles, made of all-wool
S=: flounce, dainty ru.-he trimming. In all fZ^!L,F. X \ "vi™ ?™tn£i™» "S "^L* ?5.00; to close at... 9--SO Each black material, trimmed with silk braid. =5
S= colors and black, were $3.50 each. Ex- l5l m t me f n : A," e i^,,^ m 'oniJ?Hn«rJ^ InM It ¦' ¦ Good value at $6.00. Sale price -*
o0o pusfan «le price .9X45 Each ™$j: '» *£" l ' a t dln ' colorin | s i rj ol | a a n "H 1 .*3.05 Each #£
E $8.50 Dress Skirts for $4.45 Each. m m Tailnr »,,„ c,, it . fflr tB q . $ o.QQ TaHor-Made Suits for SI0.75 $3,00 Golf. Skirts for $2 95 Each, 3
S= ii. CI3.UU IdliUr-MdUe OUlTS TOl ODiSOt A handsome lot of Spring Suits, ape- ¦ =5
f- Beautiful new styles In cloth Dross ¦••^^"^^¦¦"^'"¦.¦¦^¦."ii"."" daily boueht for this sale; made of all- i I The rarest of Skirt offers aro now to be —*±
«g— FUirts. in tan and pray; have graduated New styles of Tailor Suits, made of all- wool Cheviot, trimmed with Moire Vel- found at this store. These are made Of C55
nounce. prettily corde-d; a very graceful wool Vicuna Cloth. Eton Jacket style, our. In brpwn, navy and black; elegant ¦¦ all-wool. navy and gray material, the lat-' —*,
*~— hanKirur bkirt. Good value at #s.50; velvet trimmed. Grand value at $15.00; suits. Grand value at $20; sale price.... est flounce, nicely stitched. . Good -value — *
7"" now 94.45 Each expanclon sale price gU.05 Bult ..))»1O.75 Each at $5.00. On sale .fl-.OJS Each _3
I Phenomenal Purchase of Silk Dress Skirts, New Spring Dress Goods. |
2^ 200 S 2mpl 8 > at •' tmOST half PriCB. . C^SS> Not a popular weave missing— not a popular shade absent; a charmlnst variety In — S
I. ¦ ¦!¦ iii i I* &"• ' tha HKhtwtMffht aoft material!, suitable for street and evening dresses, such as Crepe da -«¦
w— Ctlr»o •* frP QC *in IE *I9 "IE ClO TC *n>l *00 Kfl JPr rarla, Crepo de Chlnen, Ktumlnea. etc, x =3
jg: Skirts at $5.95, $10.75, 513.75, $18 75 and $22.50, jSL 3000 YaRDS AIL- WOOL ALBATROSS. ~»
£ , r wSft 600 QUALITY MONDAY 3
!T ON DISPLAY IN OUR WINDOWS. Wsitk' 1 ' A wanderful, Vw*» Ooods offer ihnt should brlna hundrMa of eairer buy. O O !!2
i^- ' ' ' AEZ* iF l era to our i'rinn Uoods countor. Our I'n'm Oooda buyer mndn a lucky pur* -V J\ I* Z3L
**" ~ , ., iVi-Li-i. «. .111. J -»..^, «.»i,h «m wT -P ' chnw of aOOii yrtrda of Albatrops, warranted all wool, fully 38 Indies wldn. In UUU — «*
£=: ~. . 1*.° f .' T,, .. 1?^ l «X V.jf «; vAv M^MtTi^ M\ tho rollowlnR Bhadon: M K ht Ulue. Pink, Nil*. Has;*. Tan. Orny, Cardinal. VAt , n — t
2Z valllna niMii tn its l^st form. Our New York In^er pur- V /[w>\ n, C A I CT *~%C Dl lii^ldT DDAAH^I /*«T*(IJ Jm
•~~ z rhniu>d from a wrll-Unown itklrt mnnufticturcr all his Kin-lnK / 1 X\ OAPmL KJr DlaAwll\ DKUMUULU I 111. — m
S w\"£ ssiiSftS^s, vs% bssssss %£vs 1 LkS^ $225 Ouollt y Mo" d °y sv^vSn^TissR!^ 1 '^ 3
7T- They h«v» At.p uMlrr/ktrl. trimmed with n.r- jKMlWS! 5"5^W>>w * « iTarCI. }'". 1. JTi'; I, . ' ,, " l f , ,',„ ""'. U i\, , . "». .,„ ¦ S ,\ =2
rr= rmW rurhtnV. anpllqu^i. i-n,,,.!,, 1 n.,.1 tucked. .11 nt &&V®^?&</^t\ Imported tn .Ml ot $J.2r. « yard! kr Alondsv ftt ' ' *l IB I Yard =3
•«— th>-m Jifautilully flnlrhcd— hnn« and nt f uamntccd iii ba per- l^XfiV for wonaay m "• lnu "" 1^
*~ re i With i:;>>i.-- ie»rreJy ihrfp wt«T<« nway. UiN in n ' ' • '
£ K&TffSSl r. tSSST, " M *"" """ " ' "" . REMARKABLE COLORED TAFFETA SILK OFFERING. 3
2S Skirts ot SS.95, Skirts at $10 75, Skirts at $13.75, Skirts at $18 7a, bktr.s at $22.50 THS BEST 8S0 QUALITY TAFFETA MONDAY- ZZZ
J^ ates. Vol. 513.C0. Ties. Val. flS.CO. K^g. Val. $2n.np. Rc C . Vnl. $27.M. Rt 5 . Val. J35.00. For Monday nnly we nhnll offer fttMK) yards of our hpet quality plain Taf- f% T" ZZ
rrr -,_„....,_,,, ..-_... — «*i#A«^f»a r-n-jnirto Plllj. In M choice colorings, Including WhltP. Cream. Usht Blue and r> 1^ {% -5
£ BEAUTEFUL NEW WASH FABRICS. & a .^4ji^^ g
«•«- VnqtjpfUonohij' the handepnwt collection wr> hav? ever bi*n able to offer. An ar- l.ear of.the nrst complaint reRartllntr wear. We take this means to Introcltico YARD -3
•*— tiftir array. pminacInK fevtry novelty of note, nuch as Oxford Cheviots, Madras Zephyr, more thoroughly this high-class Taffeta, therefore make this special offering of l?5e rH
m~- «;inphams. BwUsrs, Orcntidlop, Dimities, Eilk Batistes and many other popular weaves. Taffeta, Monday only................... .. . . ...' «3o Yard *-3
FOR MONDAY— 2530 YAHOS JAPANESE CREPE, 20c KIND, I2^c A YARD. I Wo m»ii o*««r* f..i«H < nr wa^ ' ,? M ' rf " 1 3
Thi, offer for Monday only. Japanese Cotton Crepe, a bright and new •¦fabric, in SS «« H ?™.S* ? * f *- r MOndaV » • ¦
5^ thp loadtne coloring:s. in stripes and checks, warranted fast colors, the 20c quality. Won- ana no OlSCOUIlt to tn© tradO.
I GRENADINES MONDAY 1
2C^ Our laft offerine of laces was po thoroughly appreciated that we A f\ You will have an opportunity to-morrow to set the best Grenadine /T> A * e\ -^5
»»— tnupht for another lot. even better than the last in point of style and price. T| f *O bargain of the year, but you must come eariy, for the choicest are always \ •lU — *¦
g"~ These bo on Epecial sale to-morrow, the choicest effects In Normandy X the first to go. There ai-e 25 pieces to choose from, in Ftripes, checks and CO X "*ji
«r Val. and Point de Paris Laces. 3 to Winches wide, suitable for under-' v^ a di-» dainty plain meshes — all the newest spring effects, warranted pure silk '^ r
«^T wecr and trimming dresses; great value at 20c and 25c. Monday.. 12o Yard TAHU fully 44 Inches wide; actually worth $1.50 ana Jf 1.75 yard. Monday at ' YARD
¦w. ' . " ........flilO Yard -«e»
SET = COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION ¦ — — ._- ___: ( =5
IMMENSE SILK WAIST BARGAINS. j^^^ £L*6 €J/!& A A SPECIAL OFFERING IN
2~ 200 BLACK Sl/RAH SILK WAISTS, Jty© ® A &>?*&?*' T&t$HMfe&&k UZ\kl \l A I CHOICiiuro ii«rci
wont, S6.00. for M a £3 1& /^ j^/\® /Him mWJW^K NEW VALENCIENNES LAGES.
Another unprecedented Filk A ft fSm Mi JW M fffl/Mill & *ML MW M/mM/J&4 J&JS WSf " SS> " 1 , A big shipment received on Saturday to be Z2
2£Z Waist bargain for Vou to-morrow. XL J Uk KM Sffl M/m/MmMjm^MsBs/M WfW§^& W ' J P la fed on sale, beginning to-morrow. All new =35
•— Our Waist offers arc famous, due Oj| JJ —E&f t& M/mJM &t/t£4SrH&r *&*& SB v •»' A and dainty patterns, rdirings and insertions to ""- 8
g— to our advantageous purchases. FACH \jjp£e? jljtSr &* niatch - Four distinct bargain?, much under ZHOU
•*— are msiie of a !u?trouF Black Surah Pi!k. prot- _^__ *T^*ff*r^ "tiVi <>t <>„ j.^ t, , , „. . m
tily tucked with the new vest and yoke effect. 1^ '¥M^I inn i. _._ . if* ~7 Ti 0Kfr~ oI5! 7,™; a t ?/J >G °, oz - R'OT ar value 20c.
To all beginning treatment with Drs. Shores & Shores, San Francisco's leading specialists, THIS WEEK.
to prove to the public that there is a PERMANENT CURE for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are curable).
The doctors give their professional services FREE and their treatment EREE to all who apply BEFORJ3
MARCH 16. The only expense to the patient will be for the medicines ACTUALLY USED.
S8i •' IS MANY WILL BE CUftED FOR 50 CENTS.
'tl 4f &"^ -^» U^\ liXDBR THIS.SPECIAL OFFER YOU OXLY PAY FOR THE MEDICINES
V »iw JjP ACTUALLY USED. Many will be cured for 50 cents. The most stubborn cases of chronic
' i^^SrW »e^i^ *^ diseases will not exceed $5 tor one whole month.
$ J> /Zrfl^ra fvkP^PA*^,** & If you have catarrh : lf >' ou are deaf; if you suffer from asthma or luns trouble; if you
fl *wjfBF Wi V8'«S^sT" 1 have stomach, liver or kidney disease or any other chronic ailment, this is your opportunity
I* ff 'iWJit tin ISirovi ft t0 obtain, skilled .medical treatment practically free.
M Si m(&W *Shatii a u why expehimextj why spexd moxey ox "fake patest med.
ft , ®iirjyi I r« r/rc a icines." whichioftes contain cocaine, opium ok some other
• ¦ yi '" \$§A[ T •A\ la n I DANGEROUS NARCOTIC when you can get expert medical treatment practically free?.
Vw jV -— «»ta/- -V> K " * THIS GRAND SPECIAL OFFER GOES INTO EFFECT AT ONCE. AND
SZ. ,rSJ&V // HOLDS GOOD TO ALL WHO APPLY THIS WEEK. .
BiP l)l^ •' Xs^ls^ v - HO NOT DELAY. START IN AT ONCE. k
I 1^1-/^ CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL. 1 "^'
yV^5^SrT*?S^ii^^S'S'J • 'ttSia Troubl-s, Kye and Kar Diseases. Bronchial »rv1 E3u a|>j|
1 VrV'i^rli'' raS>i I ra-gtr^V. filiMI Lunir- Troubles, Asthma, Stnm.ich, Liver a:i<l rkl ©5"lVl
.'- : |''' I IP? I IN I iWv&lp iBj] Kidney Dlseasei, Bladder Troubles, Femals lnj~ r /r,|
I I I I iftia II I I\ ' tH Complaints, Diseases of Women and Chlldrt-n, Vj* *£2l
I J I ii I '{kh 3 I \J H'art Plsease, Ncrvoun DlMenwea, Chorea (3t. l*- tiX** 1 !
\ III ij 'JgSi I \ *Z$S XW S-\ Vltus' Dance). Rickets. Spinal Trouble. Ovarian _^S«^^8S)W»d^
Ht^-> I I ; Wftai. *^ffcVK,</««SS5k DI»c:ise«. Kclatt^a ami Khrurtuitlam. Dlsienje* S«cVcy^f3^S»
if 8 * tcsJ $ I 'iffln of lh<J "owelsi. lUles. Kt«tuU and rtoctal Trou- BJfflBBRkZSHlLvi
J • i V3^4!~if tC2 G? bl '"* > 1<o}lt Manhood, Trtvate Pl*ca»cs. Oolter %^JJiffl^SL)yVg\W
3 /bfiWmMlr^V yBsBS ¦<°'"- BI « Nw '«). «1wh« Dl«ease«, all bl«eaii«« of fe^>Ol J\
J Cjfr <iL"'ri^Pg f ' | > Vfmuk J^T*^ H^a8 th ° Pr08tate Olan<1 i * Tapeworm. Hay F«ver. ISI^OTM » I V
? WEAK M5N. Pay When Cured.
Drs. Shores' New Treatment Cures. " d «jj« «*««*« •%£»> --une,.., er flr.t and t ?C n a rf aso^
n'cuV;. became it co-operate, with nature, YOU ARE THE VEHT PERSON WE WANT wA^T^CUnE dU° wt ?«2
&X^t.tt^^U^r&% A^vJ O proven our ,» cu«n B S^cU^ou^ "— "* * FEK
flrot to cieanse, then protect, then heaL - CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many aLI* private DISEASF3 are Included 'n
;DrB. Shores' treatment for the cure of dli- voluntary testimonials from home people, glv- this «eclal offer luch as U)ST M \\HOOD
case Ii the moit natural. mo B t edentlflc and ing names, pictures and addresses. «m'nal weakness spLTmatoTrhoea vilcS-el.'
most .ucccbsM ever.dl-^ered by the mjWlal WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURBS contracted dl.ordenu'WaS^ blood poUons!
Xirofesslon. ., It aids nature. It furnishes, by , v DD i V >tp r»tcri=r « c^Z. etc and ALL WliAKNEriSES of men
• Inhalation, a medication . that bathes and ¦ IN PRIVA TB DISEASES (if dlieMihas r^fhti ihi ta™«w.
cleanses the diseased parts. It coats over the Because it would betray confidence. Hence w» sta^e we will frankly tel^ \™u> ™ •> Incurab.a
parts with the same medication that prevents have to prove our skill In this class of troubles Conjugation and LirnlnaMn,? fr«. b V ,.,,..
the .entrance of dirt and eerms Into the in- in another way. This i» our plan: or ta^rswn Call o^trttl
flamed: tissues; then, by soothing and healing pynp OTTrvnnn a «£ • J^W*-i-«*i
the sore spots. , More than this, the medication I 1 IV \H( 1Ph\ XT CT-I^VDCC C * \* j.
W^^V^ySiSfeS S?^f WILEY B. ALLEN BLDG., 933 MARKET ST., Rt2ga 8 ffi
ease ¦ from returning. ; ; ; Office Hours-Week Days. 9 a/ m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 12 nV ¦
ADVEP.TISEJIEHTS.
H WA\P^r^£t£fcffiPjr*!r^j^wraSy * ¦ - ; " ig'. ¦ j ' Vj*Tf^T» ?
GEO.P.IOEoiCO. P* J?@
The above picture serves to illustrate
our Patent Non-Bulging Full Press;
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
Collars in various heights as indicate^
in above cut suitable to be worn with
our Patent Non-BulRinsc Full Dress
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
| [mi /L.W-.y\ Wm 1
English Welt
Wing Collars, latest style, in two
heights. Sec above cut. Ask your
furnisher for them.
GEO. P. IDEFCO., Makers.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH,
516-518 MARKET STREET,
SAX FIIAXCISCO.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
Museum of anatohy#
a C5> i:::aA3iai:T.t«t.eA4?A.o.r.Cii. k
\ ,CJr The Ui^nt Aiutomiul Muwum in Ike \
a J* World. Weaknesses or tnj concracleii A
V • 5e4se ft* mUI "" l 7«" r "« | f'y the oldest T
{J C &4 bpeciiliston the Coist. Est. 36 years. Q
A t|g? DR. JORDAM-DISEASES OF HEM 6
\ / US& Comoltation (Vee and strictly prW»te. \
i I IvST Treatment personally or by letter. A m
W j flr CT Positiv* Cur* in every case undertaken. T
AS 11, \ Write for Book. rBILOSOraTar A
V * I 11™ BABBEAfiE, MAILED VUS. (Af
X IX H- valuable book for mm) j.
< ' mi. juri)i> * c&.. lost MATietat.s. f. ¥
| TURNOUTS THAT ARE j
I NOTICEABLY SMART I
VEHICLES OF ALL TYPES
I Golden Pate •^ i g :^ n _dPoiH'^t-LOS ANGELES, March 8.— The Govern
ment's representatives whose duty it is
to protect the Government forest reserves
are making extensive improvements in the
system. . That broad extent of Govern
ment mountain and valley land known as
the San Gabriel forest reserve Is to have
up-to-date : fire protection in the future.
Great tire breaks are. being constructed
and an adequate telephone system is being
built throughout the reservation. Already
twenty-five telephone stations have^been
Installed and the. entire system of fifty
stations will be completed by "July, U The
stations are occupied by rangers, who
carry portable telephones while out In the
reserve. If fire Is discovered ' the rangers
MEXICANS IN BATTLE
WITH THE MAYA INDIANS
Eighty Savages Killed and Two Hun
dred Wounded in a Des
perate Conflict.
AUSTIN, Tex., March 8.— A dispatch
from Oaxaca. Mexico, says: Official ad
vices received at military headquarters at
Ocxaca state that a large force of Maya
Indians made an attack on the Govern
ment troops commanded by Colonel
Flores near Peten Cobad. in Yucatan, and
that the battle which followed was the
most desperately fought and bloodiest of
the war. Eighty Indians were killed and
nearly 200 wounded.
.No official Information Is given out aa
to the losses on the side of the Govern
ment, but. they are reported to be heavy.
It was recently announced by the Mexi
can Government authorities that the
Mayas had been completely conquered,
and this late battle comes as a surprise.
! ' » » . ! — ! . .
I The Boston Clothing Company,
773 Market street. 1s now selling the cloth
ing manufactured by Brooker Bros, of
New York. To-morrow there, will be on
sale 500 all-wool men's suits and over
coats, worth $18, for $4 65. These suits
arc made of all-wool casslmere, fancy
chc-viot, blue and black worsted; round
and square cut; made to be retailed for
$18. yet $4 65 will buy one at the clothing
, assignee sale of the Boston, 773 Market
street, near Fourth. •
Ladies' Improvement. Club.
SANTA ROSA. March 8.— Seventy-five
representative women at Santa Rosa this
afternoon took the first s'tep in the organi
zation of a Ladies' .Improvement Club.
Mrs. T. J. Geary presided. . Miss Minnie
Coulter, County Superintendent of
Schools, was elected president of the club
and Miss Pauline Hahman secretary.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— A sub-com
mittee of the Senate Committee on Fin
ance was in session to-day, considering
the war revenue repeal bill. It has been
decided to report the bill, practically as
it came from the House, with some little
change in phrapeology.
War Revenue Bepeal Bill Heport.
WASHINGTON. March 8.— The House
Committee on Industrial Arts and Expo
sitions to-day authorized Chairman Taw
ney to recommend to the Appropriation
Committee that the sundry civil bill con
tain provisions of $500,000 for the Govern
ment exhibit at the St.. Louis Exposition,
$40,000 for the Indian exhibit and $200,000
additional for the Government building.
WLcney for St. Louis Exposition.
DENVER. March 8.— The Rev. John F.
Epaldlng. Bishop of the Protestant Epis
copal Church of the diocese of Colorado,
ie reported dangerously ill from heart dis
ease at the home of his son, the Rev.
Frank S. Spalding, at Erie. Pa. A tele
gram to that effect was received by W. M.
Spalding, another son of the Bishop, and
he left at once for Erie. Bishop Spalding
is well advanced In years and has been
in poor health for some time.
Episcopal Bishcp Seriously HI.
It is explained at the Navy Department
that during the prevalence of the strike
at San Francisco a great mass of mate
rial had been accumulated and made
irady for placement, and with the ending
of the strike and the return of the men
to work it has been possible within the
last month to make a great change in
the status of the work on the vessels at
the Union Iron Works. f
WASHINGTON. March £.— Apparently
phenomenal advance in the work on some
"f the. war vessels building at the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, Is the feature
fif the monthly progress report Issued to
«'.ay by Admiral Bowles, chief of the Bu
reau of Construction and Repairs. The
report rhows a gain during the month
• •f February of 12 per cent on the battle
thip Ohio, 20 per cent on the protected
cruiser Tacoma and 5 per cent on the
monitor Wyoming. Moreover, 1 per cent
of the work on the armored cruiser Cali
fornia, which vessel had formerly been
the only one of that class of vessels
showing no start, was completed.
Rapidly Wearing Stage of
Completion.
Ships in Process of Construction Here
FAST WORK BEING DOMTE
ON ITEW WAR VESSELS
¦U-ASHIXGTOX, March S.— The Post
office Department to-day announced the
following: Postofuce name changed: Cal
ifornia—Slatcnis, Shasta County, to' La
moine. Postmasters commissioned: Cal
ifornia—Bella C. Ide. Arroyo Grande;
Simon Baker, Merced Falls; Irvine N.
Camp. De bus; Wallace C. Bartlett. La
moine. Appointed: California— W. D.
Watson. Boralma, Shasta County, vice A.
P. Anderson, resigned; P. De'.oss Hurl
hut, Merrillville, Lassen County, vice R.
W. Huribut, resigned; A. M. Drahms, San
Quentln, Marln County, vice Caro'.ine
DrahmE. resigned. Oregon— J. P. Van
houton. Hay Creek. Crook County, vice
"W. H. Mosey, resigned; J. P. Pickett,
Post, Crook County, vice A. L. Pickett,
resigned; J. McC. Morrison Jr., Shelburn,
Linn County, vice S. C. Chance, resigned.
Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Theodore B. Bteele, Artillery
Corps, after temporary duty In the Philip
pines, will join his company at Fort Can
by, Washington ; Lieutenant Colonel Jas
per K. Morrison is ordered from the Phil
ippines to San Francisco for duty as Judge
advocate, .department of California. The
following surgeons and assistant surgeons
¦re ordered from the Philippines June 1,
to San Francisco: Major Henry Sturill.
Major Edwin F. Gardner, Captain George
A. Skinner. Captain R. Darnell, First
Lieutenants Thomas L. Rhoades, Howard
W. Beal. Edward P. Rockhill, Frank C.
Baker, William E. Vose.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California — Original — Edward Flick,
Compton. 5C; Ernest Duensing. Lovelock,
JS. Increase — William E. Tucker. Tuba
City, $S; Miles Cowen, Tulare, $10. Wlo
ot\ s— Jane A. Harrod. Santa Rosa, $S.
Oregon— Increase— Jacob Mills, Oregon
City. $12.
Washington— Increase— William H. Car
penter. Clallam. 510. Widows— Hannah A.
Bullene, Seattle. $S; llary E. Hylan. Van
couver, JS.
Dr. C. A. Royers Is appointed pension
examining surgeon at Bakersfield, Cal.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTESEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
T. P. Alexander, a civil engineer, who
had sport some time on the isthmus.' gave
information of a technical character to
the committee. He favored the Nicaragua
route.
He said that the company had paid the
Nicaraguan Government J^5,<wu for lands
along i he right-ot-way, it having 50,000
iicres in one tract. It still asserted the
right to this land and looked to the United
fctau:s for _ protection of its rights and
interests, lie said the company could not
cio anything without the assistance of the
United States. The Nicaraguan conces
t-ior.s had been canceled by the Nicara
guan Government and the company had !
protested the cancellation. There never i
had been any cancellation of the conces- j
fcions and franchises which the Maritime j
Company had obtained from Costa Rica, j
and these concessions were -exclusive. The |
canal could not be constructed or operated j
vithout -these concessions in Costa Rica. •
He was asked what would be the effect
if the United. States should acquire a con
cession 'from Costa Rica along the same
route and replied that it would be a vio- ;
lation'of the company's concessions, but]
added that the company, while asserting- j
its right to the concessions would not do j
fco' obstructively, go as to prevent the
United States from constructing the
canal. The spirit of the company was to
leave the matter to the United States
Government, believing that the Govern
ment would deal equitably with the com
pany, which had so long held the^e val
uable concessions and expended a great j
amount of money in work. He mentioned i
four or five million dollars as the value j
of th<> c!.iim? of the company.
V.ASHlNCiTON, March 8.— Thomas li.
Atkinson, secretary of the Maritime
Canal Company, was examined at consid
erable kngth before the Senate Commit*
lea oa Isthmian Canals to-day regarding
the concessions which had been made to
i hat company.
Corporation Trusts United
States Will Deal
Equitably.
pany Seeks Payment
by Uncle Sam.
' ''*#*:&>
Maritime Canal Com-
HITS MILLIONS
FOR CONCESSIONS
are enabled to cut in on th,e first wire en
countered. . , , ¦, .'
There will be twenty-nve rangers in the
San Gabriel reserve during the coming
summer. All are to be dressed in United
States cavalry style, with corduroy trous
ers, leggings, flannel shirts „ and som
breros. •
Frightened Guests Rush From Hotel.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Several . hun
dred guests of the Hotel Endicott, in this
city, were thrown into a frenzy of excite
ment to-day by an alarm of. fire. Despite
assurances of the hotel employes that
there was no danger, the frightened peo
ple ran down the stairways, pushing and
shoving one another, • and the two hotel
entrances— one on Eighty-first street and
the other on Eighty-second street, were
the scenes, of fearful crushes. The fire
itself was confined to a. window frame in
a dining-room on the fourth floor and did
little damage. No one was seriously hurt.
LIBRARY CORNERSTONE
IS AGAIN IN PLACE
Temporarily Shorn of the Inscription
Placed Upon. 1 It by San
Jose Elks. \
SAN JOSE. March 8.— The cornerstone
of the Carnegie Library, which ha3 been
the cause of strife between the Pastors'
Union on the one side and the local lodge
of Elks and the City Council on the other.
Is again in place. The laying of the stone
this, morning was. unceremonious. . none
being 'present but Contractor Curtis and
a few. stonemasons.
The stone. which has caused so much
trouble was innocent looking this* morn
ing, being deprived of its inscription.
Many believe tho affair is not yet ended,
for it is reported that when the building
is completed tho Inscription announcing
that tho. cornerstone was laid by the
Elks, at the request of the_ City Council,
will be replaced upon it.'
Since Contractor Curtis' toolhouse was
Invaded a few days ago and part of tha
Inscription cut from the stone the block
of granite has been In the hands of a
stone cutter. The entire inscription has
been removed, and in its place there has
been cut a panel about a quarter of ah
inch in depth.
As soon as Curtis and his men had the
stone in place they set some heavy planks
in front of it so that the public could
not see it.
It, Is understood that in the panel now
cut on the stone will be placed the in
scription stating that the stone was laid
by the Elks.
LOS ANGBL.ES, March 8.— The body of an
infant about 9 months old was found in tha
graveyard back of the high school buildins
this" afternoon by little children wno wers
Claying in the cemetery. The babe had b«en
dead only a few hours. The police are Inves
tigating.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
Every <^ay during March and April the Santa
F» will *e" ° n ' way tickets from Boston. Xew
York, Philadelphia, WashJnjrton, 1'ittsburir.
Cincinnati, Buffalo. Chicago. Kansas City, frit.
Louis and all ether points In the East at the
lowest rates ever mad" one way to the Pacific
Oos^t. If you have friends tn rome put your
money In the hands of any Santa Ke Agent,
who *U1 arrange for the trip.
Cheap Rates to California.
rROTECTION FOR SAN
GABRIEL FOREST, RESERVE
Fire Breaks Constructed . and an Ex-
tensive Telephone System'
Installed.
21
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE ; EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM.
| THe entire store abloom TA? New Summer MercH&ncIise., I
$ The Laces i or The beautiful Easier 'decorations will be in place io-mo'< row. Everything tint can possibly hi made while ancl\ New Lace Curtains J
j: New Dress Stuff Sm lavender, is white and lavender. Never has America's grandest store presented a more charmm? or inviting appear- f or faster Opening* .5
£• This will be a season of !accs— everything » ' , . _ ;.> ¦ ° . . j , ° rr Fresh, beautiful designs, in excellent qualities of Jc
*r aimmed with face, our assortment of spring iince.' Do not on any account miss l he great before Eisier -displays an a sales. fine Brusse , $ Nect w!th Irish . Iace .%
K Laces and Trimmings arc ready in time fcr ; • • i ,,•'•-'... 5
J Easter. We have opened a great many Europ- ~~ \ i \ 1 WOfk » « IVCTaI lotJ J u « In are P"« d . P« P»r $
H can no\-e'ties during the past week, among . /*fl \ ¦ * $7m5Q to $17.50 J*
S>* which are: y^***®^ <\\\ \®l I 'P T9k. J tos5ft^JBhj£) 162 pairs of beautiful Brussels Curtains, fine, "J
I i E«cur?aiFtsrooV^ \ imt $ ifj? X^(Jt\S^8i|L|Bl gS^ JLJ^ (O& W /^^/jfc -'^^^^SM^RE^. Jl 3"^ r P^- • • • S7.5O t, $20.00 $
I *[ shade, per yard . . . 25© to $1.50 •*» HwllI ll^^^ST- ' Jfftfl w/f'/^^^^^J^t^kr^t^^ A fine lot of Point de Calais French Novelty m>
; *[ Char.tiliy Galoots— In black and white, ptr '^^^^^Mw'^'^^^^^^S^ I J (lit ,^~rffi r l^^^^CZ^^^m^i\ U< * Curuins that wUl dci 8 ht thc heart of X
i S PoK d d: Vcnise' Uces-In'se'no? Sd^vSJ ¦ S^C I U f"¥ g^^W^TO^^I^^M "Tfc £*f "* ™ **„'*' **£ *
) J» Batiste Galoons, per y*r&..25c to $6»OO 4 <^=^V^V^^4^^ >^ :^^^^ vT^' iJfj&2^^!%0^^^^Z till [ iTiTi Genuine Battenberg Lace Curtains, hand made \g
Iff AP-Ovrs— Ofa!lde;cr"ptions in Irish croche-, llL^&ffl'rJ§: y/Z'^^^^^^^^^^^^MlXXX^k ' 1 }" ca work » made on bi3t Bobinc % are -*
!| :z^zj^^:i^: ]n^ n . * '^^^m^^miW -**.** .$7.3* »*7m %
$ — A^-^^ a^ ' /^ V^^3i Some New Books I
£ 25c. ! "!Pfc (fe^ t^" ~'hMWl-0r&> UwCP^flfiA^ > —^ MMfiCm -~ • Have and To Hold"; published at %i. 5 o, •$
|| Si^ifiaM^S j Waists a ©OllLCSCtSiy j^^rIs^^ W^^*% Vo\fvVp'bi«lT.s^;£ wof 5
:$ "Sunflower and the Sun," 5.V-. I VV *»*^*-v3 > \^^Y^\\ m f"*"^ti^^&^r^ VT *-&F ¦ ' * $1.20 .%
.« . "In the Valley of Kentucky," 25c. ! \t(i a<$&CJB - -XL fl % fl f^f^ v^*""""* v^^y Methods of Lady Walderhurst — By Francis l :5
K "ILov^l^S"2^. j !' yX^E8k.J?CO. SO. II I>£" X • Hodgson Burnett, published ,t $i. S o, our %
\ J. "Cunning Carolina Coons," J55c. I n A ¦**. 9 4» *t 9 Jk^SSSr pnee $1.2O J*
\* : ¦ : : : ; ! : : $
i 1 I&imZRztfstrPvt! Spring <&B§Bras Msn's Easter Neckwear. Crane's Violet Paper. M B&2*tr3§£SB*f Z nass j77*c?*a#«3ii* ?
$ <A MuW.ude of Stunning Styles for Exster. . % W^MMW^M, I Ue Beautiful Fabrics for spring and Summer. |
J! Hi^h-Gradc Silk Novelties — A grand collection of the richest and most ex- new colorings for spnng and summer, in the , velopes to match, 49 pieces for . . gmg+_ A Special lor To-Morrow — As an introductory special of our immense and S
«P qu : site Silks for street and evening *v=ar ever exhb:t=d in this city; the latest ccrrectfabr.es . SOo ¦ ¦ OUG carefully assorted stock of Spring Fabrics we offer 1000 yards of 46-inch $
J" products of thc best F.cnch artists. If vou aim at cxclusivrncss, se'ect from ,_ ¦ , ff AU-Wool - Indi. TwiJ, light weight, superb quality in 15 coloring,, which . J
Id' \ u- l p j v , •• , . ' 1 • . r l a v TtaJ ?i __f /&%£* 9 J& /¥ m, £/ include all thc new Spring shades, among them 3 shades of tan, 2 shades of \
!C« these High-Grade Novcltsies, for we have onlv on: sa.t of each. A glimpse litfmzr^rABir ff M \*> Vm .,„ M sz v i: i; 1 w ? a u ~, . . " . •
X ° . ,. , ¦ ' , ' . , . , ,. /Bfey^A N^iW y*T>~^> X?S /Hf \%<&1& J? J/ / h S ht S ra y» r °y al bIue » S arnet ' coffc = brown, etc. These exquisite Spring 'Z
I I at "cur opening display of these goods on counters, in show windows and casts 1g||f/^^ Dress Goods are particularly adapted for tucked waists and gowns, and 3
j* will be of great assistance to you in panning _ ' \wSmEj& v would b= considered a splendid value.at 75c the yard; our price ~ *m 5
! tf your summer costumes. Prices range, per yard &2. 75 tO &&.5G9 WijJ/j s t g-cat offering of n:\v style Spring ribbons. Beginning on Monday 04^0 \ *
j X 24-lrch Crepe it Chine— The beautiful fabric Peau de Levnt— At the Easr.tr exhibition we N^^?J^ Mmdav, to inaugurate the new season, five lines of thc most 43-lnch Crepe de Paris— Silk and wool, a 46-Inch BUck Voile— The leading fabric for : 2*
i j£ that is now at the top notch, for stylish cos- show 18 dffsrent colorings in' this new make (^^y*j^^ attractive and desirable ribbons, more than 8 OOO yards in all, beautiful light-weight fabric for swell tucked Spring and Summer, a beautiful light-weight «5
g tumes, an extr, good quality in the full line of silk; ir is a very pretty, good-wearng . J^^J *rc muted mOTC thin one-third leSS Mian their *nal vdltie. f ™<* *°™"d S°f™i?« Y™*- r - S1.50 gauay material, woven to 'diow the lining, J
V of nsw spring co orings: is marked, — , w weave, finished like a Peau de Soie, and u / .... , r « •„• , -r v -nr . Imported Novelty Dress FabriCl — Exclusive three grades . . SI. 00. $1.25 and SI 50 Yard X
ig per yard . . . ... . . .\8$O warrant^ to wash, full 24 inches wide; our W^^ *\V£ZZ * ° \ fT French-weave Woven-spots - ncw£St - French CT:z6oD% 44 ., nch Eo!i«ne-sS S I JSj *
\mP Charming Foulards- A very large assortment price, per yard $1 m QO Mjf _ _V , , '-, 0 '** 5 ,,.* 1 ???: "1,°™'^ \\i\r ' Vt'wtit-hrA R : h"bon^-" « D 'e C ;* a l Voile and Panama and Tamise, with applique with a very silky sheen, solid colors, with '5
: % of the newest colorings and designs in thc 20-1ncK Colored Peau dl Soic— The prettiest Lot , 5 °° ) ar « 4^-'" ch « lack S«« Hemstitched special t.imming, for waist and skirt; prices. $18. 00, dainty, self-colored figure; per jzrd.$2,OO 5
jj? new Liberty erT.-cU, the very best makes in shirt waist iil!c made, has a beautiful finish STM? , ., **""' y ,' \ ','/•' i .»» ':'l.'b'»' o'-Jl-J q,rin \nA T.V^mPIK $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00 the pattern 48-Inch Black Crepe de Chine— Silk and wool; JT
*. beautiful des-gns that are strictlv confine to and wi 1 giv- satisfactory wear; this silk in the &03\ Lo * 3— 250° X^dJ of 3^-mch All-si k Best Jlaaluy baUn and latteta Rib- B , ac|c Striped Voile— In a variety of yard ... £1 SO *
ijtf us, three different qualities, all 24 inchrs ' new co'orings is exquisite; our price, per yard, J^kTO boa, soft weave, 14 choice colorings, for the neck; specul sale price, very handsome effects, the latest b'ack nov- 44-1 ch Crepe de Paris— Silk ' and wool
jjj wide. . . 85C, $1.QQ 9 S125 ony S5G 0^m Lot 4-7oo" y'ards V s'-inch Pinldot W^n ' Louisine kiobo'n," m' o ISd"™' " SI^Ti'tS iS$2 00 Rfad^' I^%~P e * P« 3««« • • S
I k* : ! r so'.id colors, for the neck; special sale price, yard . ... . . . dm&G y *•-.»•/, ¦> • ..... . &ZmOO ana $2*33
K __ ...„-- -> ,, . « « „ Lot 5— 750 yard} Parisian Stripe Taffeta Marvelieux R bbon, superb quality, more 9 « — ; ¦ — : — ,%
Ili^Pii^ii SZ,™Z7 y : _¦*"»— "*>--^-^^^ 33c Carpef BargalnSm Dress Linings. J
I* hands^c a proa streamer ends; bkek, mag- ** * r>lf * EXUUJSltG EllrOpBatt Btttl FOFeigt3 SlX Extra Specials. A 1 5C quality tOCm *
|g F« and jackdaw; each $5.OO UUtUrtCft Flttem UipZrtment, Ws*€!ih FabriCS Of ail Kinds; We have marked at extremely low prices to 1 1 00 yards 34-inch- Black Skirt Lining— Ir» » j*
£ main fl Or Under Ladies' Parlor. . WSSnraBrtGS OF ,311 KinUS. dose out this week four very desirable pat- stylei [of brocaded designs, a good rLdium- *
* N*W StvieS HatS. BSMuiS Apr.l Pattern, ,re now on sale, in- . ! A brilliant gClldM Of the 1 $02 WeUVeS. terns of Carpets, Linoleums and Matting, weight cloth, good value 15c yard, special J
g «5W oiy/es nats. r , A Sale ol Fine Madras-An introductory orTering of unusual interest, because Axrninster-Very heavy h, g h pile carpet, beau- Monday • . . . Ho X
\\ /^~^\ /^®\ Waist' Skirts, etc. * of 5ts 8eaS0 nableness, variety, stylishness and intrinsic merit. 184 pieces of jS "^ . 'T?^ T. M^ ™° T * M °™^™ *> d y?*
\%> ' A £\ J - L_ The April Delineator is ready. For thoss in- t h ese fine Madras Z:phyrs, in ideal colorings for waists, wrappers and outing Extra Quality Tapestry Carpet -Light and Silk Serges^a 7 inches" wide" ah colors' yard ° '«
K 4 /n^—-^^ tcrestcd in the subject th ere 1, a fully .llustrated y h . fa j values from 2QQ j Q z hc j dark effects, guaranteed to give good wear, '. . . ,\ 61o $
i C^^JX^VmAiM v h J r th V Clcbrat:d , CXp . CrC " drfssma1 ;'^ .11 «'ial on Monday only . BZG P" yard ?3C Black Mercsrized Sateen Skirtin S _ 3 6 £h® 1
i xSftZ^P^ V S^S^^P Mrs. A. L. Gorman, showing Layette in all its * U «P-CMl on Monrjay only. .......... ............ . ; ... ln^rah Carpet- 36 inches wide, all-wool yard..- 2Ja 2
* >^^^^^/ \*^^ details, describing . the making of the garments The New Fine Mercerized Zcphyrs-In sold Linen Batiite-F»ne sheer tissue weave in the fi ningj best make and good patterns, all « Silk Twill Skirt Lining-Black and Sor? °5
I »" " - 'according to the mo«t modern and scientific colon such as light blue, cile, gray, pink, natural linen color; direct irom Europe; a very Co]orJ pa j ir &- 54c yard ictt/ : »S
I*! Men's high tapsr crown Derby Hats with ideas, and also givinj full advice in relation to etc., width 29 inches; best cloth; yard • . special value at thc big store's introductory Granite Carpet— 36* in'ch'es wide," in blue, an, Looks like Taffctt *SUk ' lirne"— All fJ££ *
j|. the heavy roll brim, the latest New York : ttylc materials, etc. . . . . ".' V . :-. 20O "" " price; pet ;yard . . . 25O red and green floral effects, per yard . 3 Oc yard . . * o r« «
| tf that exclusive hat stores ask Js. 50 and S5.00 F or those who believe in Athletics for Mcusstline de 5ore— For 'evening wear; . fine New Watsting Madras— In the sheer cssue Linoleums- 12. fret wide, heavy quality, Per- ••«-•> j«
|jf for, now ready at $2.35 and $4- OO. Wcm:n, th:re is a ful'y illustrat.-d anide on and sheer; chiffon finbh; width 30 inches; in weave now so much used; full 3 z inches wide; d,a designi, per yard i . . . . . .62© f* f f\4U+am*ew C«»f>* 5
J. Soft Hats-Ether raw or bound edges, s; ]e Comp , ex Excrc - bv Prof . R is black, cream, white and all evening shades; in more than 100 styles; yard . ¦ 25o Japanese Linen Warp Matting-Good qua.ity, %* * U H MB M 32 £9 %$5£S® X
J heavy dip brim, coors white with black band, Sera r c> • , yard # # _ /. . . 4<J O Fin;. White India Linon— Fully 32 inches wide; only, per yard . ....... .?20o Tho F»*1 ?Z C/ M f.# '5
j %' pear's, nutrias, fteel mixtures and black, prices Novelty Sheer Madras - In the new lace weave; (50 pieces only); an even threaded very per- r * «f» CH~J M¥W mjgtjni. 3
f! W?$Bs£§^$%k K^»SS|^©i Easter Cards ' t^ HiW vfings. for E N a s7 e rOo S tun, es . W %^ %£ . |
J $i.so,si.osJs2S3. T ' and Easier Booklets. .^®& W&^SgZ %^&$ri^££ji&iiKi- J>? a o j,i»g u rapidly ;?
*» ' . . Single COpieS for sale at Plitem Our large assortment of beautiful East5| Cards GEsJ^&S^sn*. New York's lat «t skin, Paris point backs, in fast fitf EZf% /^"C'^^jt^S. drawing to a close. •*
£ l n tr T^ht^c ?*'-* DjpartmSttt 15 CefttS. SubSCrip- and Booklets comprising the pick of^the Eat- novelties have been n bhck a " d all * e «a P l= shades &B.5 U /\ W\ > Make your selection $
* Ink Tablets J /=-• tioilS tsken at jl P*r year, postpaid, "n publishers' productions, is now ready. ,cto P^^^gj placed on our shelves Our new line of . 00 Kid Gloves, best in this / A this week or loos- %
J» 3000 Ink Tablets, satin wove and kid finish r f f f |k 00 each. flWX42^^^£ lor Easter jel'inir city, in all colors, and fast black, are ready. / / |\ c " OT lo . Sw .J
X papers, in note, packet and letter ; B(y}k De p' t> ma i H fl)0r. Oft^ggSfB which are the ,*?&**•,... , - ' *< nR f*l 1 M a g rCat °PP°^nUy. *
|S sire; tpechl Monday, a tablets for. . J «r MattV N ZW 7 HinsnintSS ' aS &5W/M new ChcnilIe or Vcl " Ju-^ -" , 1 i g , * ' * ' * ''SI «S V >v ° I ./V 35" Min's broad ., Jf
5 ¦ 1 — — . High NovsitiBS Just l n . Nsv, Laoe Collars. Str*^ 1 ™-:, k»^ VMK f
g FUrnitUi*e Bargains Spang'ed Trimmings— In Hack, steel and Large express a\2S^ s tyle of which we il/ free of charge^ / ' /^\ 1 front » uits ; X
j: Six Extra Specials. P om P a- ,^^^^^^ '' '^ Men's Goif Shirts. \^J Y& SS.TIa J
5^ • <*° ur > Pcrsia:l and bUck and white mixed g rcit! y w=rn N * 0VcIty Com P Icx on Ve . ll3 > m W ml!Ccd N z>W Snr/jl» StvICS. / hifrb^ cassim =-«; sui:s J,
$• W^^A^yn s « sonw '' th J ack -^5^^W^^i^» effects, wi:h velvet spot. „ , ; , fr Y »f j • / A^tJZ&k that so!d at *
h v T\GS)\ I « and oui.nf^^m^<^MMm^ Ske eton Mesh Vci s, with motive spots, Made of a hne quality of English Madras, in fl /P^^T\Si5, $17.50 "2
%? \ I I /I <*^*t~~~*^ c ., ; t- « • rir-nbr V^i^j^^rSs^-tt?©^ r- - -» r- **-m *\n m reds, b'ue, green, gray and tan, made with / // / A tSt I \ * n A e»« «« «*
I V^^s/yV^ MBdaltion Pictures 33s. ££*«**, 5c ' 75c ' SfOD yord ' 3J; 3 JeSS&Stw^^^ . // (J I ffe) l£$°Zi "5
i ttSxI'H&flW A sp'endid line of choice new Life Photographs ecru, Irbh Point -7"^ ~ " • -,^ . ... iweU ihirt for the coming ¦ teasoa . //[ d u r i n g the 'S
**' F^f^L "" JsTr^iL in Medallion form, sz: 6x8 inches with 2- and Venice Laces; sevm styles— $1,OO, GrODGrWS at%U LtqUOrS. ; I [\l week....' J
J ' : i^vEEl^TTTTr---^ Su^-ft-^fe" , lnch E il£ frame and fancy metil corners, each $125, $1.75, $2.00, S 2.50, MondaV^S LoWBSt PHeBS tf. 2p ~) I I X\ 4:10 50 «2
ft I^SP^: m$M$M-' Photo jucdy colored and complete with easel 4 3.5U and *4.UU. Ccffee-Our famous Mocha aud Java, either ) TlteRenOWn ' L/VJ # «
*: back.justthepxturefcramantleorpano, . .ground or bean; Monday, 1b. ...29c} **>**§«,'*-> • ]/ I If V *
? Fnamded Ircn Fed ,T inches hi E h P re«v ' ' « t?^*°?* b *° A L ! S *\ n I o-Ib. 'sacks; Monday '... 26c ) Oil SteC^l SClle alltlllS Week \U CTX V S *'° ™ %
\X Enameled lrcn ted— 57 incnes hign, pretty Se f -adjusting Stock Collar Foundation . 1Qo Dti-o^r • kj iu- ( . *¦ ~* — C~* s&S? I BOYS' %
jj jobll effect, like picture best malleable iron Tai3t*i Al*tiel!*<S H ™? H °° kS and "* •'¦• *X° BakhgPowder-Emporium brand, l-lbtns; S1O1*25Cs <> <^ g "**? 5
J. jo.nts and heavy posts, regular- _ § O3XGT ArWBGB&S Bru»h edge Skirt Bind ngs, yard. . . .SC Monda y .' • ' ' '. 33c \^^^^. *"** "2
«f ¦ iy Sio.oo, cut to close for . <* & . M Z3 At GonVlStCtnti PHceS Corduroy Skirt Bndings, yard 5' Beans— Small ¦ white," best quality; Monday, Children's Clothing. «
» P a rlor Table-Gotten Oak :, well finished, » Whalebonj Casing, si k stitched; piece . IOC 6 lbs • • • • ¦ • • • • 25o C^^S^I Bovs* 3.PifCJ Suits — Of all-wool blue S
J with shaped top and shelf, s.ze 24 inches "5handon Ee I boa? — 50c box of 3 cakes . Best quality Black Horn Bones, dozen . fOc Fi^S— Best Calit 3 rnia,l-lb. pkgs.; Monday, 3 HflOnnay 2>pBCiai. chevTots, single breasted coats, for ages 9 to J
X square, special this week .. ... 25o "Omo" Dres, Shields, "odorless." pair 25o pkgs. . 25tS 2O o of these American, /^ i S yean; J 5 . 00 values. . . --, %
£ • **">•""¦" Kirk's Dusky Damond Tar Soap -6 for. 25c "Onandoff" SSirt Waists Dress Shield*. 25O Currants— Recleantd, 1-lb. pkgs.; Monday, 2 Watches, made by the 0tf!%B . . • - , Cr-»«4frO .<«
J. Combimtion Desk— With compartment for Kirk's Congo Coco, hard-water soap— 2 for5 C "Original" Ba 1 and Sockets, dozen. . • /f?© pkgs . . .'. .... .... . 25O New Engand Watch Co., Ws^ Double Breasted and Vestee Suit*— Blues, j»
JT - books made of solid oak, firm and substan-, Un ., Bath p frfume Wa 'ers-Bott!e./ J G Zf'^ ?T "'f"™ *"'" Port cr Sher;y-Our regular <i.co quaitv; f^cy engraved nick.-l browns and gray mixtures, for age, 6 to 14 J,
* ml .desk for students, si«s * C Warren's Featherbone, colors, yard ... 1 UC vjondav ca'lon SI O^ back, regulation 18 size, /^n^^jx years; $3.50 values ..... tfOOO .t
» 30x60 inches, now. . . . &&.£& Regua s Pumice Stone . 5 O p ec£ ' 8 Invisible Hooks and Eyes, 2 dozen for Monoay, ga.ion .^ &1,U5 stem winding and pendant /# /^ • • • $2w28 X
* _~_-rrf&V^<S?V Fo'din«Bcd- Girard Fils* Imported Extracts-All oiors, cz . . . . . 1P O Jesse Moore WhisKey-The genuine, A A; t guarahU'djor en s[ P Boys' Sailor Suib- Blue serges and cheviot3, •*
S ->^^^^^t Double or three- S Oc O. G. Waist Lengthened, each . . . 25c 82C iih ha's fe. ,^#7 5" colon, sizes for 3 to jj
* >|Jl" 7F j Scheffield s Dentrifice— 25c size for . .. t5o "Royal" Wast and-Skirt Supporters . . 2SO Gia— White Swan Imported, in b'^ck bottles; no clock movement. It 10 years; $5.00 values . . . JP«9i¥o X
J, \i g^?3C? l vy*X r ?'.^g ;^ ''j af hardwood" Savonari2 ~ cl=an ' clothe;, pint bott'e . 25o "Shrunk" Skirt Braid, 5 yard pieces . . IDC regularly $1.25; Monday, bottle .. . S5c is a watch, and a good N <^E2^ X Boys' Wash Sal or Suits — Forage 3 to 10 •*
[\ SI fMsias^Sigi' y Golden Oak fin' victo fy GIove or Sllk clcan *— Box • • 25c Stesl Slides fcr dress ornamints .. . . IQq A B C Bzer— St. Louis Bottling; pints, dozen onCi Special price Monday vcan > Encn "ashes, Madras, French Per- jj
* M .V*^\_ ibh w i t h two-plv " Iialine " Cream— Does away with use of All silk siam bindings, piece . . . . . 1Q G . $1.4-0 while the lot lists . . . $1.37 calw, guarantied fast colors; # .-^ ,<C
S 1 if] w'Jf fdiustatle wc%-en powder, protects thc skin, box. . . . 53c "So-No-More" Dress Shield Fasteners, set • Hermitage Rye Whiskey— Gaines & Co., * fz. 50 values . ...... . 9imM%f £
«T I /(T 5£^^^S« i» ..' Vir*. mlttf "Idaline" Rouge — A natural tint, harmless and . ... .. . 25O spring of '94, straight goods; sells everywhere »•> mm m * "3
J" ¦ a f.' r-suarivSr8c^' invisIblc . 25<? Silk Stock Collar Foundations, each . \ 35XS . -at $5.00 gallon; Monday ...... $3 .QQ . fS&Utiintg VBlUBSm Hat 3ltd Belt PitiS $
J . i i thi week " ' California Vl 3 let Water- 2 oz bottx. .2£»C l ... ~i " ~ \ White Spreads— Two cases of very high grade Mod&rately PriCCtf. X
t i^^^^a^S' '? &Z/8. Rffti CaljforniaVlolctWater — 4 oz bo «'e- .-50c K '^~+^T ¦'•'>:- ' bed spreads, 1 1.4 8 "te, in new patterns; the Hat Pins— Fine quality of rolled plats, pear '3
K pg^^^^JJ^^f^ Dr. Limbert s Skin Saap— B« 3 cakes.4i?C ' . ' ''"7^^^ /^y*' $i- = S kind; to-morrow onh, each . S^O shaped, wake d=s:ga or turquoiie i.-t . SCO A"
* ' = 3T Dining Chair- Roman T 01 let Ammonia— Violet .. . 25o -¦/ /SJ J&f jf M 9 ' Whits Blankets— F:« wool, 70 inches wide, Sash Fins— Gold plated, with turquoise stone' -!i*:
i :' L High back, with L Edatante Face Powder— Bourjo.s, imported, Sjf^^S^^^^^Jfa^tl^0jr0a^r r deep binding, S -lb- weight; pair. . .53- O5 letting 25O, 5Oc K
J. faddle seat and brace arms, heavy, durable equal to any 50c powder 25c j-rf jf £/j 3~ M^£'rWW// f T/^/MSMM / Wa Double cd Sheets— 81 inches wMe, heavy Belt Pins -With turquoise setting . . . 15O V
X chair, regularly f 1. 3 5, cut to close Qft Calirornu Lemon Cream— 2 S c tubes -20o Wfati& M M §L^*sL S & MEL/* /LJ B^^M/M^S & til bleached cotton, particularly well made; each Hair Earettes— Blue enamel. . . . 25 l tf
ij cut for ..tfOC Pure Distilled Wit:h Hazd-Large glass stop- 1 WF M S <&^>3t»^ MM^I^/ .52^5 Secret Heart Lortet-WitH chatelaine pin, for *;
2- Sideboard -So'id oak, with pretty canopy top, per; d bottle ._ ........ 15 O I II I 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 H I II III I | ' \W ¦ WW" M ' Shgle Bed Sheets— Same quality as above, 54 two pictures, heavy gold plate ... .500 %*
£ swell front, lined drawers, size 23x42 inches, Imperial Tooth Powder— Large sprinkler top ,,, { ,,^i]^pfR^im* aem^^ ... . inches wide; each 35 ff Prayer-Book Marker— Thre; sterling si!v-r jf
X with 2OX24-mch beveled #*?**. g^ bottes, 6 different flavors ¦. . . . . 25c ¦ »J»|JJWH^» B^ l.. rn |>ii.q- rn ii Mnr e T q Tnnr ' Pi low Cases— Good quality, 45x36 inches; symbols (cross, heart and anchor), with A*
£ mirror, reduced to .. ..^ib.OO Calder's Saponaceous Dentine-2 S c size.. 1&O . ' AMERICA S GRAN DEST,STORE, «J . . . 12%O white or Jurple sHk ribbon . 25 C ,50O %BY GU1SARD.
TWO FAIRY GODMOTHERS WHIRL
GAY RAIMENT ABOUT
MISS MUDGE.
CLEVER LITTLE ARTISTE WHO IS
MYSTIFTING ORPHEUM AUDI
ENCES WITH HER LIGHTNING
CHANGE ACT.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and ¦ public - men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. • '
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. 8trong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
S.AXi-A.:Fti:ES FOR 003STOItHlSSnyEE3Sr.
BY way of relieving, the strife over partisan measures and to establish a fellow-feeling of
mutual good will based upon harmony of thought and sentiment/ Congress is^just now
discussing quietly in committee-rooms and elsewhere the advisability of making it unani
—?r^ mous when the time comes to take up Senator Hoar's bill^ providing for an increase of
Congressional salaries. / . , . ... _
The bill provides for increasing . the pay of the Vice President and the Speaker of the
House from $8000 to $15,000 a year, and that of Senators and Representataives . from $5000 to
$7500. It -is estimated the effect of the 'raise, would be to take from the national treasury some
thing'like Si, 000,000 a year more than is now taken for salaries. That amount of money Vould
help to enliven Washington, improve trade and provide savings to be taken home to Buncombe
when the session is over.
The argument of course is the old one. Washington is becoming every year a more ex
pensive place to live in. The standard of social life is rising like the stock. of an industrial trust
on a Wall-street boom. Embassadbrs have given it a. full blown pride and' millionaires are mak
ing it a place for the maintenance of a magnificent social life. The day when a statesman could
live at a boarding-house for about §40 a month and be respected has long gone by.' It has van
ished like the oaths that.- Jackson swore and that manner of living is no more deemed polite.
Either the Congressman must let. himself be crowded out of the fashionable parts of the city, or
It will be perceived that the argument takes no heed of the taxpayer. No consideration is
given to the fact that he,. too, may be, living in an expensive city and has need for his coin. This
is an issue in which each Congressman feels that charity and justice alike begin at home. Neither
party, however, is quite willing, to make the raise on its own responsibility. An election is to
take place this fall, and the charge^pf salary grabbing is not a pleasant one to meet. That is the,
reason of the desire to make this bill unanimous. (-'¦: . .
Eastern rivers have been on an almost unprecedented rampage this spring, and it is said
those of Pennsylvania have "not been so high for forty years. The damage has, been immense,
and the destruction of property around Philadelphia,. Pittsburg, Reading, Allentown and.Wilkes
barre has been so extensive that it is spoken of as "havoc."
Miss Annette Hullah has a pleasing pro
gramme for her concert of March 11 that
¦will later be announced. . The charming
pianist will be assisted by Lovell Langs
troth, who knows a good deal about
'cello playing, and Miss Edith Hanks,
who sings. '••• '"-' t
The Loring Club's concert of Tuesday
evening next unfortunately conflicts with
the first FIsk : recital. But the Loring
Club is always sure of its audience, so
the club concert will probably not suffer.
Miss Grace I. Davis .will . be the soloist
of the evening, and interesting choral
numbers are programmed.
Mrs. Katharine Flsk's song recitals lead
the musical contralto of the week. The
distinguished contralto will appear in
four programmes— on Tuesday and Fri
day evenings and Thursday and Saturday
afternoons— at Sherman & Clay Hall. It
Is long since any concert contralto of in
ternational fame has been heard here and
the occasion is therefore one of note.
Mrs. Fisk's programmes are admirable
and contain numbers representing, all
kinds of musical interest. It is pleasing
to note thereon a song by a clever young
Callfomian. E. A. Bruguiere, "The Gar
dener and the Rose," that will be sung at
the first concert. It also gives one pleas
ure to find another clever young Califor
nian as Mrs. Fisk's accompanist, Fred
Maurer, who follows thus in the footsteps
cf the RIchter, Colonne, Halle and other
orchestras that have accompanied the
singer. Quite worthily, too, I am sure.
Thev success of the Holmes testimonial
concert affords the sfneerest gratification
to all concerned and is a grateful indica
tion of the esteem in which the venerable
musician is held In the community, and
not less of the fine kindness of Mr.
Holmes' brother musicians. H. B. Pas
more had charge of the affair, and had
only the difficulty of choice among the
generous wealth of talent that was placed
:it his disposal. So, too, the hall was
kindly lent for the occasion, the ushers'
fcervices, printing, advertising, managing,
were all freely given, and the public also
generously responded. Some six or seven
hundred dollars was realized, I hear, and
the best of the affair was its complete
surprise for the recipient, who knew of
the concert only on the evening of its
giving.
true." the composer confesses; "after
every one else we are there. But Paris
is Wagner-mad now. and there will be no
end for some time. 'Siegfried' is the latest
furor, and nothing else is heard. What
next? Gluck, I believe, and Mozart, but
especially Gluck. There are already in
dications of this In the saner circles.
'Iphigenie*— ah! how Inexpressibly beauti
ful it**?T^-has been greeted with much
enthusiasm; also 'Aleeste' and 'Orpheus.'
Meantime the crowd will have only Wag
ner, and to the rest cries, 'Off with their
heads!' " ,
TWO TALENTED MEMBERS OF
EMMA NEVADA'S CONCERT
COMPANY.
Further statistics show that the increase of women in the ranks of industry in manufac
turing centers in Massachusetts did not diminish either the rate of marriage or of births, nor did
it increase the death rate. Industrial emancipation, then, must be relieved from the charge of
tending to break up the family. In fact it seems to promote marriage and the birth rate. Prob
ably if it were not for the industrial freedom of woman and her augmented chances of seff-sup
port family life in the United States would be in a far worse condition than it is.
MR. CARROLL D. WRIGHT in a recent address on the industrial emancipation
cf women expressed a belief that the increased : proportion of women engaged in re
munerative employment and self-supporting has been- the cause of a. decrease in the
marriage rate. The opinion is probably shared by a great majority of students of
sociology. A series of statistics cited by Horace G. Wadlin in an article on the subject contrib
uted to the Boston Globe seems to show, however, that while the marriage rate has decreased, the
cause of the decline is to be sought elsewhere than in industrial emancipation. In Massachusetts, at
any rate, the proportion of marriages is higher in the districts where abundant remunerative em
ployment is to be found for women than in districts where it is less abundant.
The decline in the marriage rate of the State as a whole has been such during the last
forty years that whereas in i860 of every 1000 women in the State 19.6 were married, in 1900 only
16.9 were married. Industrial development in Massachusetts therefore has been clearly accom
panied by a decrease of marriage, but Mr. Wadlin goes on to say: "Bearing in mind, however,
that the number of women married to each 1000 of the female population in the State at large
was 16.9 in 1900, we find the corresponding figures for Fall River, Lowell and Lawrence, all
cities in which large numbers of women are industrially employed, to be, respectively, 19.8, 21.2
and 20.4. In Holyoke the figure was 17.4; and in Boston, also where larjge numbers of women
find remunerative employment, the figure is 2r.1l The general rule seems to hold in Massachu
setts that the number of women married out of the entire female population is greatest in the in
dustrial cities and towns and lowest, in the places* where women have the least opportunity for em
ployment, and, of course, the least opportunity for coming into social contact with the op
posite sex."
:m:.a.:r,:r,i.a.oke! j^isttd •w^optKiiisra- "vsroi^iEnsr.
"In Paris we are only Just now arriving.
It Is true we have christened a street
'Richard Wagner,' and that for the last
ten years "Tannhauser* has been the best
paying opera in Paris; but we have not
yet had 'Die Gotterdammerung* or 'Rhine
gold, at all, and Tristan and Isolde* only
by private enterprise."
M. Moreau was here not vainly but dis
creetly informed that we of San Francisco
could count a whole "Ring" to our name
a good year ago.
"We are frightfully slow in Paris, it is
remarkable, Leon Moreau is a person of
not in other ways, being one of the com
ing composers of France. He has writ
ten a pianoforte concerto that has made
its mark, and a symphonic poem for or
chestra, "Sur la Mer Lointalne," that is
now one of the favorite orchestral num
bers, both in France and England. Song
literature has also gained importantly by
M. Moreau's pen, as well as chorus pro
grammes and the lighter piano literature.
It is nattering to the American vanity
to hear M. Moreau— with the right of long
and distinguished service to the cause —
diecuss the Wagnerian situation in Paris.
He is of the opinion that Wagner is best
taken when young, and In the largest pos
sible doses, that the patient by satiety
may come to know that there are other
f-.chools that deserve occasional attention.
."While you are in the mad-Wagner
Etage you can bear no other music," he
says. "It is even sufficient cause for a
duel to mention Bellini or Donizetti in" a
Wagner haunt! (And that Is where most
of Paris is just now.) But if you begin to
take him when quite young you have time
in an ordinary lifetime to come out on the
other side, and with all the rich expe
rience gained through study of the music
drama can appreciate the rest of the mu
sical kind.
Mme. Nevada's flutist, Daniel Maquarre,
has been another distinct pleasure of the
week. Elegant, pure and refined In style
and with a fluent technique, he represents
almost the best in his art, and with the
years may achieve the best. He has am
ple time, having but just reached his ma
jority.
M. Moreau Is the pianist of the com
pany, and a typical player of the French
school. While his pianlsm is by no means
Rarely, indeed, does the Spanish musi
cian invade the foreign concert platform
— so much the worse for the foreign con
cert platform If Mr. Casals at all repre
sents the artistic average of Spain. His
•work is extraordinary, and of the great
things that have been done here. He has
a style broad as music Itself, cosmopolitan
In the largest sense of the word, and with
out the faintest national ting.e /save, per
haps, a pervading nobility of accent that
may have been caught from the fading
splendors ef the once most splendid court
in Europe. He has a technique to match,
•unlabelcd by any school, and unimpeach
able, and a tone of infinitely varied beau
ty. And lastly, that nothing might be
•wanting to the rounding-off cf this un
usual talent, Mr. Casals possesses in
marked degree the personal spell, a mag
netism felt by the hardened concert-goer
and layman alike. My feet are usually
pretty fast to the floor at the average
concert, but, with many others to whom
the experience is a pleasurable novelty, I
xnust own to being carried off my small
3's last Monday night by the royal magic
cf Mr. Cabals' genius. He leads his au
<Jier.ce pretty much whither he will after
his first notes, as he sits, with shut eyes
and IlluTnined face, like some friendly wiz
xird, weaving his captivating web of mel
ody about them. Well, it is to make the
most of this latest Spanish invader while
he is here, for it is unlikely that there
will be another chance to hear him for
gome time to come. And when he does
come here again I doubt if the /larger
world will be so generously unacquainted
¦with his name as it now appears to be.
AFTER PABLO CASALS it will
enly be necessary to announce of
the infrequent Spanish artist that
he is a protege of the Queen of
Spain for him to receive a re-
Epectful, not to say worshipful, atten
tion from the musicians here. Mr. Ca
sals received his education at the gracious
hands of Queen Christine, who crowned
her kindness to the young artist by the
gift cf the lovely Guarnerius 'cello upon
which he plays. How well she has served
art in befriending the young 'cellist those
who have been fortunate enough to at
tend the Nevada concerts will attest, and
will further register a grateful vote to
3£me. Nevada for her excellent taste in
the choice of a company.
C3-ttTL!&J±l>r-¥ r -' A.-JST3D -A-MEPLIO^.
Such being the situation it may be taken for granted rlie Berlin report was unfounded. All
the same it is just as well that the question should be brought up, f or the Mpnroe, doctrine and
the determination of the American 'people "to; sustain it cannot be too frequently nor too firmly
enunciated. No Prince can induce us to waive the doctrine, nor could the Kaiser should he come
in person. As Senator Burrows said: "We are very glad to have Prince Henry come over to
visit us and we have given him a royal welcome, but if he expects to sneak in under, the Mon
roe tent we will see him when he crawls under the canvas." %
The promotion of German migration to South America by the imperial Government has
long since given rise to the belief that he. desires to establish German powei on this hemisphere,
and to that end would gladly procure a naval station where he could maintain a fleet strong
enough to protect German commerce in South America and to encourage German colonies.
Doubtless the Kaiser would be glad to have such a station, but a desire to obtain one and a definite
movement to accomplish the desire are 'two different things. Not even for the sake of his best
hopes of South American commerce and of South American colonies would he venture upon an
enterprise likely to bring him into conflict .with the United States.
' William C. Dreher, writing from Germany, furnishes to the March number of the Atlantic
Monthly an exhaustive review of sentiment in that country with respect to American problems.
In the course of his article he says: ."If any proof were needed of Germany's purpose to main
tain good relations with our country, her course in the Venezuelan matter has amply supplied it.
Indeed the fact that Germany came to an understanding with our Government before taking
forcible measures against Venezuela is of most momentous significance. Why? Because this is
the first explicit of the Monroe doctrine by any Continental power. It is a notable
milestone in the history of our country and its relations with European governments. It gives the
Monroe doctrine a validity no longer to be disputed. All this was instantly recognized by Ger
many. 'America for the Americans' said a great Berlin daily, 'has become an irreversible fact/ "
The report concerning the alleged mission of the Prince derives its importance mainly from
the fact that it came from Berlin and from the well-known eagerness of the Kaiser to establish
Germany as a world power with strength on every sea and in every quarter-of the globe. Neither
of those facts, however, nor both combined, suffice to give the report reliability. There is a jingo
element in the Berlin press that was eager to have the Kaiser settle his controversy with
Venezuela by the strong hand, and was much vexed when peaceful measures were resorted to
and the German fleet in the Caribbean Sea contented itself withi making a display of strength
instead of bombarding a Venezuelan port and annexing Venezuelan territory as a permanent sta
tion for German fleets and a German colony. It is natural that the jingoes thould see in the visit
of Henry a movement toward accomplishing their policy, and that they should even declare it to
be so. We must make allowance for that spirit and its exaggerations. Berlin may have wished
Prince Henry to have the alleged mission, but that is no proof that he has ever thought of such
a thing, or that the Kaiser has ever deemed it a question of practical politics.
DISPATCHES from Europe to the effect that the visit of Prince Henry to this country
was designed by the Emperor as a means of obtaining a. fortified naval station and
base of supplies in this hemisphere have been promptly met by statements of officials in
Washington that if the Prince came with any such purpose his mission would be futile.
There has been no evasion of the issue. . Republican and Democratic Senators are unanimous
on that point, and Senator Elkins expressed the whole matter clearly in saying: 'The American
people will not sanction anything of the kind. We are always, willing to receive foreign visitors
cordially and give them hospitable greeting, but we are staid when it comes ' to giving up oui
rights and advantages 'under the Monroe doctrine."
SAN QUENTIN-K. C, City, and W.
F., Alameda, Cal. -According to the es
tablished rules at San Quentln, says
Warden M. G. Aguirre, the regular visit-
Ing day at that prison is the first Sunday
of each month. However, in the case- of
relatives or friends of prisoners living at
a distance, or if it is impracticable for
such to come on the regular visiting day
the privilege of suiting their convenience
is a matter generally accorded them.
Those persons who are not well known
to some official of the institution should
bring proper credentials, unless arrange
ments for such visit have previously been
?k£ «J*^ corres P° nde nce or otherwfse.
The prison is open to male visitors (such
as desire to inspect the prison) under the
escort of an officer every day from » a
m. _to 3 p. m. Ladles are permitted to
escort. P unaccompanied by a male
FATE— Subscriber, Santa Cruz, Cal. The
poem entitled "Fate," the flr3t line of
which is: "Two shall be born, this whole
wide world apart," was written by Susan
Marr Spalding and may be found in
"American Anthology," published in 1300.
CONTRACT— Reader, City. The question
relative to the validity of a contract is
not sufficiently clear to enable this depart
ment to give an answer. The question
should give an idea of the character of
the contract.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
I, almost crossed-my-heart-to-dle that I
would not tell, driven thereto by the ap
pealing blue eyes of the young lady but
a stern duty to my paper, forbade' and
here, with humble apologies to her is the
secret. There is a fairy godmother in the
case, two of them, in fact. They stand in
the wings, and as soon as Miss Mudse
leaves the stage they wave their wands
and the air is full of flying garments
Coats fly off and gowns fly on faster than
eye can see. A cap drops from nowhere
and perches itself on the Mudge curls
thoes attach themselves to the Mudge
feet seemingly of their own accord and
presto! prestissimo! there you are' Noth
Of course there is a mystery, and little
Miss Mudge besought me not to give «t
away, for she said quaintly.
"If people know how it is done, why It
will not be a wonder any more."
But, nevertheless, Miss Mudge Is a very
charming little person, and her turn Is
the cleverest of its kind that has come
within my ken. She sings, in a quite un
trained, but pleasing contralto voice, a
patriotic ditty, illustrated by four com
plete changes of costume. It is the light
ning-like rapidity of the changes that con
stitutes the chief wonder of the turn, and
that has given rise to the rumor that Miss
Mudge is twins. She comes out first in
a dapper soldier suit, a scant five feet of
plump and pleasing femininity, with a
bright, boyish face, and ' the clearest,
roundest, bluest eyes Imaginable. After
her sons, a dignified sort of affair, the
soldier boy bows his leisurely way
through a door at the back of the stage,
and, hey presto! in four seconds a comely
Red Cross Nurse, in irreproachable get
up, appears. Four seconds has sufficed
to shed the complete soldier outfit and
put on the gray gown, white apron, white
fichu and white cap of the Red Cross
maid. Then the nurse warbles a verse or
two and disappears, and four seconds
later a bonnie^- sailor laddie with the
pretty Mudge .• face, wanders on the
stage, with his hands in his pockets and
the air of having eons of time at his dis
posal. Then comes some more patriotism,
until Miss Mudge begins to hanker for
more new clothes, and the sailor, boy
swaggers out, to give way ten seconds
later to Stonewall Jackson, in the lull
splendors of the Confederate/ uniform.
Jackson takes care of the concluding
stanzas of the patriotic cycle and then
departs In his turn. The last change, to
a dainty soubrette, French-heeled and
glitter-gowned, bejeweled and elaborately
coiffured, is made almost before one can
say ''Jack Robinson" or"the orchestra
switch round to the pretty little coon song
with which Miss Mudge closes her in
genious performance. -
O Eve, why art thou "Mudge!"
I dreamed thee "Vere de Vere";
I dreamed a humor dear.
When "Mudge" fell on ray eas.
But thus doth fate begrudge
The scanty lausrhter here.
0 Eve, why art thou "Mudge?"
I dreamed thee "Vere de Vere'."
1 thought (O hasty judge!)
An attic jester near — ; ¦
The female wit — all fudge?
Well, you are right. I fear.
O Eve, why art thou "Mudge?"
I dreamed thee "Vere de Vere!"
THE burnins Question of the week
in upper dramatic circles has been
whether or not Eva Mudge, the
"lightning change artist" at the
Orpheum, is twins— the grammar
of this sounds doubtful, but as I happen
to know that she isn't twins I can hardly
be expected to subscribe to a syntax that
would imply Miss Sludge's plural exis
tence. Her soft, smudgy little name in
terested me in Miss Eva long 1 before I
had seen her Ingenious "turn." I won
dered where she got it, what odd freaE
of feminine humor had led to Its choice,
for it is vastly unlike the "Fleurettes"
and /"Montmorencys" that blossom so
freely in the vaudeville garden. I was
almost disappointed to find that she comes
by it honestly, that the humorists were
the good Mudges, her parents, and that
their only daughter has her quaint little
narhe by the prosaic right of inheritance.
In my disappointmentl even dropped into
rhyme, for which, under the dire provoca
tion, I hope to be forgiven:
But the godmothers are off duty oft the
stage. At her ordinary dressing Miss
Mudge loiters and fusses and dwadle*
just like the average girl. She is mucn
rr-ore like the average girl in everything,
by the way, than the usual vaudevillain.
Her father. and mother travel with her
wherever she does, and it is a case of in
dulging an only child iri the vaudeville'
whim, as other only children are indulge!
In ether hobbles. She has been on the
stage since she was five years old — not so
very long 'ago — in dancing turns. In the
"legitimate," In everything except grati'I
opera, and hopes some day to be a comic
cpera star. All thi3 with the face and
¦ways of a sweet, wholesome little school
girl. She is ever so clever and ,j>artlcri
larly nice.
Ing Is a mystery when you know how
Is done.
BY BLANCHE PABWiGTON.
MUSICIANS, PREPARE TO MAKE
THE MOST OF SPANISH
INVADER!
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL, STHSTDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL,
JOHN D. SPhECKELS, Proprietor. . ; ¦ , ; Address Communications to W/.S;;LEAKE, Manager
Sunday : .'. ¦ ..:...':¦;". . . . . . '. ; . . . •.¦':.¦ : :..:...:.. . . . . .. .march g, 1002
Publication Office '. '. <^^^^^> J Varket and Third. S. F
22
r ins a jf i ¦*«
A Wife and a Piano.
ti^zitt^i 9 s r° uid ° ccur tut ° nce in » iife -
«f choosing of a wife and the choosing
l n * £r : e have sold thousands of pianos,
antee and satisfy any customer who U not per-
fectly sailsned. We have Just moved into our
new buildins and. hall, the most artistic on
me .facinc Coast, and on account of the damp-
£fi S w°n th ?,J? ra113 we «•* * oln s to «•*"*• 'tore or
sell fully 100 pianos within the next two weeks
at Drtcea lower than could be made by any >
?i concern - We can do this because we aru
tna only factory representatives on the • Pa- ~
cine Coast, and we are selling at wholesale
margins Just as low as any other dealer could
buy the goods. :
j We will guarantee to duplicate pianos advert
tlsed as bargains from $183 to $275 for $13 r
and any piano ordinarily sold for S1S3 we will
sell for $98— all new roods.
We are closing out all our slightly us*rt
pianos, among which you will find the fol-
lowing makes: Chickerlns, Heine. Steinwav
Hallet & Davis, Knabe, Conover, Hayne's
Sherwood, Weber, Shaeffer, Fisher, jewett etc
We are renting good pianos, new ones', for
?3 a month up and selling them for $a up
SOME SPECIAL BARCAINS.
1 "Win. Bourne ....'.. «2S
1 Goberstein & Fuller ..........' 35
1 Rogers & Bacon ' 7.
1 Fisher «.%
7 Steinway .fltiS to 31.1
6 Heine 1J»5 to «75
8 Chickering i:iT> to SIM>
3 Hayne lftO to iU."»
2 Ccnover 23O to S4O
1 Hallet & Davis..". a»yj
6 Sherwood 115 to 1UO
All uprights in good condition and guar-
anteed.
Co., Geary St., opp. Union Square.Mangled by Train Wheels
SAN DIEQO, March 8.— J. Marshall Brooke,
tv-ho has been on trial beforo the Superior Court,
charged with cattle stealing, was found guilty
last nlzht.
WASHINGTON; March ' 8.— General
Chaffee, commanding the Division of tho
Philippines, recently telegraphed his per
sonal thanks to Corporal James Murphy
and Privates Michael Doran and N. 1[.
Johnson, signal corps, for their devotion
to duty under fire at Candelaria, Tuyabas,
In December last. These men had pre
viously received the recommendation of
Brigadier General J. F. Bell and Captain
Herne, Twenty-first Infantry.
Chaffee Thanks Three Soldiers.
ST. PAUI*. Minn.,. March 8. — M. D. Munn,
special attorney for the State of Mlnnosota In
tho so-called merger sujt*. siiya there Is abso
lutely no foundation for the report that he is to
confer with representatives of tho Northern
Securities Company regarding the expediting of
aults to test that company's legality.
FALI< RIVER, Mass., Mnrch 8. — Tho Manu
facturers' Association of this city to-day an
nounced its decision not to increase wages
abovo tho rate previouBly eet, namely, a frac
tion above 0 per cent. Tho operatives had de
manded an Increase of 10 per cent.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 8. — The summer
residence of Michael Doran< the well-known
Democratic politician, at Cottajre Park, White
Pear Lake, was destroyed by fire to-day with
the valuable contents. The residence cost
$100,000. '
WOODBINE, Iowa. March 8.— Mrs. Hill is,
mother of the Rev. Dwight Illllis of Brooklyn,
¦who last October was stricken with paralysis
and was expected to die, Is again In a critical
condition. '¦-}. ';. ,''¦
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Bates Commands Two Departments.
OMAHA, Nebr., March S.— General John
C. Bates, commanding the Department of
the Missouri, to-day received orders to
affcume the command also of the Depart
ment of the Lakes on the retirement of
General E. S. Otis. General Bates had
not been anticipating the order and be
lieves it to be only temporary. It i3 un
derstood at army headquarters that Gen
eral MacArthur, now in comnrmnd of the
Department of the Colorado, will assume
command of the Department of the Lakes
on the appointment of his successor.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 8.— The
body of Mis3 Dolly Gilbert was found
fn the Colorado River, near Needles, by
a party of miners to-day. She was last
seen with several gamblers, and the sus
picion is that she was a victim of foul
May Bo Victim of Murder,
Alves Brazil's Next President.
RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, March . 8.—
Senor Jose Rodriguez Alves, Governor of
San Pablo, and Senbr Silviano Brando,
Governor of Minas Geraes, according to
election returns to-day, will bs respective
ly the next President and Vice President
of Brazil. They were official candidates.
The opposition did not vote in several of
the provinces. Returns so far. show this
result:, Alves, 20,000 votes; Brando, 18,000;
Chermont, 1400; Bocoyura, 1200, and Am
aril, 800.
"supper hour £hief," whose operations In
tho residence district were confined. to the
hcurs when all well regulated households
are supposed to be at table.
I.OS ANGELES, March 8.— John Hayes,
colored, who was captured several days
ago after shooting the buttons off De
toctlvo Churchill's coat, and upon whose
person were found a largo assortment of
jewelry and trinkets, was arraigned be
fore Justice Morgan to-day and bound
over to the Superior Court, in tho sum
of $5000. Hayes is supposed to be the
Hayes Held for Trial.
and rising slowly. Some of tho streams
tributary to tho Ohio in this section,
which began to fall yesterday, aro again
rising, owing to tho heavy rain of tho
lust twenty-four hours. All roads were
tiUayed to-day by the high water.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., March 8.-The in
dications here to-night are that the river
will reach a stage of forty or forty-ono
ftct -on /the present rise. \ This stage
would do great damago to stock and
farm property In tho lou{ lands, and there
is great alarm felt among tho farmers In
the- bottoms. To-nleht the river is 38.7
WASHINGTON, March 8.— The Russian
Government is gradually eliminating all
foreigners from the public service, ac
ccrding to a report from Consul General
Holloway at St. Petersburg, dated Feb
ruary 4, which was made public by the
State Department to-day. The report of
Holloway is made In view of a great num
ber of inquiries from young Americans
which have been received at the St.'Pe
tersburg Consulate as to the prospect of
securing employment from tho Russian
Government as civil, electrical or me
chanical engineers, or in public work.
Farmers Fear a Rising River.
Russia 'Eliminates the Foreigners.
TELLURIDE, Colo., March 8.— Business
was suspended her© to-day during tha
funerals of Georse Rowher and W, S.
Gregory, prominent citizens, who sacri
ficed their lives in a snowsllde when try
ing to rescue the men who were buried
under a slide^at the Liberty Bell mine
on Friday, February 23.
A party of 123 men was at work to
day searching for the bodies of snowslide
victims. The bodies of Swanson and Aho,
two men who were killed in trying fo
rescue others, were recovered. All the
victims of the second, third and fourth
slides have now been recovered, leaving
only the bodies at the Liberty Bell mine
to be searched for.
All anxiety for the seven miners em
ployed at the Andrews mine, situated in
Ingram Basin was- dissipated this morn
ing when three men came to Telluride.
They report having had a narrow escape,
snow slides coming down— on either side
and barely missing the cabin they occu
pied, f
Nothing has been heard from the force
of a half-dozen men working: in Bridal
Veil Basin. If no news of them comes
within a day or two a searching party
will be formed to find them.
Californlana Organize in New York.
A number of tho Native Sons of Cali
fornia who now reside In New York have
recently organized. They have formed tha
Society of California, and the secretary,
Edward Payson Crltcher of Hotel San
Remo, Seventy-fourth street and Central
Park, Now York, will be glad to re
ceive the names of all natives of Califor
nia who intend visiting New York State
In the near future.
The snow was a novelty to the San
Franciscans and Mayor Schmitz and
party accepted an invitation from the
astronomers to remain over night. Snow
balling, the building of a snow man and
other such sports of the cold area were
indulged in. •
In the party are Fire Commissioner
Parry, School Director Roncovieri, Elec
tion Commissioner v Thomas F. Boyle,
Walter Gallagher, William Cole and Abe
Ruef of San Francisco and several San
Joseans. They went to Mount Hamilton
to take a-peep at the heavens through the
Lick telescope. Shortly after 3 o'clock it
began snowing and reports from there
this evening are that the- storm is still
raging.
SAN JOSE, March 8.— Mayor Schmitz
of San Francisco and 'party, who ad
dressed a meeting of citizens here last
night, are enjoying the revelry of a snow
storm on top of Mount Hamilton to
night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, March R. — Two more stones —
thof* from the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daufchwrn and from l'lacer County — were laid
in the I'HM- cf the Sloat monument here this
porntes-
"He is not at all like what a Prince is
suppoEcd to be," eald Riebe. "He is elm
ply a jolly good fellow."
Riebe says that a throng: of 25,000 per
pons watched the Prince and his staff em
bark at Bremerhaven, and the cheering
showed in -what popular esteem Prince
Henry is held.
Prince Kenry became noted for his gen
ial spirit. He was hale-fellow-well-met
with nearly everybody on board and he I
had a cheery word for each of those !
•with whom he became acquainted. As a j
token of remembrance the Prince
tached a band from one of his imperial
caps and presented It to Riebe. The Red
dingite treasures the token highly.
REDDING, March 8.— Ed Riebe. a busi
ness man of this city, who arrived to-day
from a visit to Germany, was a passenger
home-ward on the Kronprir.z Wilhelm
when that vessel brought Prince Henry
of Prussia. RIcbe tells an interesting
etory of the Prince, showing the latter to
be thoroughly democratic. Riebe says
that Prince Henry frequently joined him
and other passengers in the salon and
that they played cards together. The
Prince was clever at "whist.
Kronprinz Wilhelm.
PLAYS CABDS WITH PBINC£.
Heddingite Tells of Voyage on the
More Bodies Are Taken
From the Telluride
Wreckage.
Mayor and Party Pass
the Night on Mount
Hamilton.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— Carlos Mar
tinez Silva called at the White House to
day and afterward at the State Depart
ment to give notice of his recall as Min
ister of Colombia and to say farewell to
the President and to Secretary Hay. He
will Immediately leave for- New York,
where he will meet Dr. Concha, the newly
appointed Colombian Minister, and con
fer with him regarding canal matters and
other subjects with which the new Min
ister should be acquainted. Then Dr.
Silva will return to Colombia, not remain
ing in this country to present his suc
cessor personally. There is no disposi
tion at the State Department to take ex
ception to any of the points in the state
ment issued yesterday in New York by
Dr. Concha respecting the willingness of
Colombia to agree to the transfer of tho
Panama canal property to the United
States Government.
Colombia's Minister Says Farewell.
SCHMITZ REVELS
IN FALLING SNOW
DEAD HEROES
FOUND IN SHOW
SAN MATEO, March 8.— The proposition
submitted to the voters of San Matco
to-day, to bond the town for 535,400 to
build bridges and a corporation yard, was
carried by a two-thirds vote. "*/..';:
San Mateo Votes for Bonds.
VALLEJO, ' March 8.— Miss Anne C.
Griffiths, a daughter of John Griffiths,
died to-day. Miss Griffiths was a native
of San FranciEco and 46 years of age.
Miss Annie C. Griffiths.
Judge James A. Anderson.
LOS ANGELES, March S.— Judge James
A. Anderson, an ol|-and prominent mem
ber of the local bar, died in this city this
evening, cf pneumonia, at the age of 75
years. For five weeks the aged jurist
had- been indisposed with a severe cold,
tut a fatal termination was not feared
by his physicians or family until last
Monday, when pneumonia . developed.
Judge Anderson is survived by a widow
and seven children. He was • born In
North Carolina and came to California
many years ago.
WASHINGTON, March 8.-~Chairman
Knapp of the Interstate Co.mmerce Com
mission stated to-day that the proceed
ings to be instituted against railroad offi
cials as a sequel to their recent admis
sions of wholesale cutting would be civil
actions in equity to enjoin the carriers
from further violations of the law. The
proceedings involve the principal railroads
running between Kansas City and Chi
cago. Actions against one or two of
these, he said, would \ suffice for testing
the question. The offenses admitted were
that they had been cutting under the
schedule tariff on grains, dressed meats
and packing house products.
To Check Bate Cutting.
The entire coast of California was vis
ited by light showers yesterday after
noon. The rainfall at San Luis Obispo
registered nearly an Inch. In other locali
ties the depth ranged from .04 to .40 of an
inch. Cloudy and showery weather for
the whole State is the prediction for to
day.
WINTERS, March 8.— It commenced
raining hard here at a late hour last night
and continues. Putah Creek and the
lesser streams throughout the Winters
early fruit belt are high, but there is no
danger of flooding in this section. In the
past twenty-four hours .62 of an inch of
rain fell; for the season, 22.07 inches.
FRESNO, March 8.— A heavy rain is
falling in this city to-night.
?•
Showers in All Parts of State.
SAN DIEGO, March 8.— A light rain be
gan falling here soon after 11 o'clock to
night.
SAN JOSE, March 8.— The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours ending at midnight
was 1.02 inches.
SANTA BARBARA, March 8.— Rain be
gan falling here at 9 o'clock this morning
and has continued ever since. The wind
holds to the southeast, indicating that the
storm will continue all night.
STOCKTON. March S.— A heavy rain
storm struck Stockton this morning,
rather unexpectedly, and there were
heavy showers during the afternoon.
Enough rain has already fallen to insure
gQod crops.
SANTA ROSA, March 8.— Another
heavy storm visited this section to-day.
The total rainfall for the season is now
26.84 inches, against 25.29 inches at the
tame date last year.
LOS AXGELES, March S.— Rain com
menced falling here at 4 o'clock this af
ternoon and up to a late hour to-night
continued in steady downpour. Condi
tions are favorable for one of the biggest
storms of the season.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The action arises out of the awarding
by the city of a franchise to the Pacific
Electric Rail-way Company for 5152.900.
which award was subsequently vetoed by
Mayor Snyder. The amount named is
still in the hands of the City Treasurer,
the railroad company having refused to
eccept the money when it was sought to
return it.
LOS ANGELES, March 8.-The latest
mov"e in the street railway franchise war
¦was ma<3e to-day, when the management
of the Pacific Electric Railway Company
filed in the Federal Court here a bill cf
complaint against the city of Los Angeles
and the Lcs Angeles Traction Company,
naming as defendants the City Council.
Mayor Snyder, William S. Hook and E.
A. Davis. The complainants claim the
legal ownership of the disputed franchise
and ask that the city,' the traction com
yany ar.d E. A. Davis be enjoined trom
1 xercising any rights or privileges in con
nection with it.
Special Dispatch to The Call. «.
SAN JOSE, March 8.— Maude L. Brown
to-day commenced a suit for divorce from
Milton V. Brown on the ground of infi
delity. Both are prominent residents of
Los Gatos, and for some time the society
circles in which they move have been
agog with stories of their troubles. The
Browns were married in 1893. He is the
agent of several large fruit firms.
A young lady from Chicago, whose fam
ily is prominent there, is said to be the
cause of the divorce suit. The Chicago
miss, who is now in Los Angeles, spent
last summer in Los Gatos and Brown is
alleged to have become smitten with her
charms.
Mrs. Brown wants permanent alimony.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Huntington's Company
Sues City of Los
( Angeles.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 8.— After de
feating several proposed taxation meas
ures, a conference committee of the two
houses of the Legislature to-day reported
a compromise -on what is known as the
constitutional amendment bill, A tax on
franchises or on gross earnings of corpo
rations at the option of tho Legislature, a
tax on the income of credits not to ex
ceed 10 per cent and a general income tax
on incomes exceeding $1000 are tho prin
cipal changes over existing statutes. The
conference report was- adopted by the
Senate.
Report a Compromise.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— The State
Department made public to-day a report
from United States Consul General Bray
at Melbourne, dated January 25, giving a
list of" changes made in the Australian
tariff by the House of Representatives.
The changes are in the rate on metals
and . machinery. Engines and screws,
formerly paying 25 per cent, are placed on
the free list. The duty .on boilers, pumps,
machinery, manufactures of metal and
plated ware "(including plated cutlery) is
reduced from 25 to 20 per cent. Cartridge
cases, empty or capped, and wads, form
erly paying 25 per cent, have been placed
on the free list, and the duty on barbed
wire has been reduced from 20 to 10 per
cent.
— — m
Changes in Australian Tariff.
Yesterday the officials caught a Chi
nese carrying away the coal. They followed
him to his cabin in Chinatown and found
tons upon tons of coal carefully put away
under the" building. They arrested the
Chinese, Gum Foolc, and he was to-day
sentenced to a year's Imprisonment. An
other vagrant Chinese appeared in court
with the peculiar object of serving Gum
Fook's term for him, cs the latter is
wealthy and could not afford, so it was
explained, to stay in jail.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 8. T One
hundred and three tons of coal stole'n by
a single person was the astounding an
nouncement made by Coed Service Con
troller Miller of the Canadian Pacific Rail
way in the Police Court to-day. The
stealing has been done since October 1.
The company's checkers have for some
time been -worried over the thefts. The
check here never could be made to tally
with uiat of the mines.
SINGLE CHINESE STEALS
HUNDRED TONS OF COAL
Los Gatos Wife Charges
\ Her Husband With
Infidelity.
Steady Downpour for
Hours in Los An
geles.
MAUDE L. BROWN
SEEKS DIVORCE
HEAVY STORM
IN THE SOUTH
FRANCHISE FIGHT
SETS INTO COURT
SACRAMENTO, March S.— Frank Lo
renger, who flred four shots at his wife
in the Portland, Oregon, union' depot, Is
a young man well known in this city. For
three months prior to his departure for
the north he drove an omnibus for the
State House Hotel. Several months ago
he married a young woman residing in
Woodland, but her maiden name could
not be ascertained here to-day. "
Who "Jack" is none of. the trio would
admit knowing. Lorenger says he. was
mad with jealousy, but refuses to\ say
who. caused it. Neither will Mrs. Lo
renger talk of whatever, troubles may
have 'preceded the sensational climax to
to-day. Both husband and wife are about
22 years of age, . . •
Then the shooting began. Emma Hart
man, a woman companion, was with Mrs.
Lorenger, but if she knew any cause for
Lorenger .being Jealous she guarded the
secret. At the hospital Mrs. Lorenger
asked: "Does Jack know?"
"N,o, I am going to-day," she said
The couple have been here, about a
month, having come to the city direct
from the California capital. For some
days past the wife has insisted upon re
turning to her home, but her husband has
refused to permit her departure. In his
absence yesterday she removed her be
longings from, the apartments occupied
by them, and was buying a ticket at the
depot when Lorenger approached. He
had discovered his wife's ruse and rushed
immediately; to the depot. In impassioned
eagerness he asked her to wait until the
day following, when he would return with
her. Mrs. Lorenger refused; a policeman
warned him ' away and it was. believed
Lorenger started to leave, but he edged
around until he again reached the side of
his wife.
"Won't you wait for me, dear?" he
asked. .
When Lorenger saw his wife fall he
thought he had killed her, and placed the
smoking weapon to his own head. Before
he could pull the trigger a policeman
grasped the hand holding the revolver and
the man was disarmed. Mrs. Lorenger
was taken to a hospital, where it was
found that her -wound was more painful
than serious. Lorenger was locked up. .
PORTLAND, Or., March 8.— In a frenzy
of jealous rage because Ms wife insisted
upon leaving him and returning to her
relatives in Sacramento, Frank Lorenser
shot at the woman. four times at close
range in the union depot this morning.
Three of the bullets went wild, but one
found lodgment in the fleshy part of the
wife's right leg, and she fell to the wait
ing-room floor. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The members of the board were ban
queted in the Ramona this evening by the
citizens.
After the executive session the board
drove to three of the sites which have
been offered. Part of to-morrow will be
occupied in viewing proposed locations for
the school. It Iras been agreed that ful
ly 100 acres will be required.
After the board had gone Into executive
session it was determined that file school
should be'cstablished on the broadest lines
as a technical school. Household economy,
blackcmithlng, carpentering, masonry, ap
plied mechanics, steam, electrical and me
chanical engineering and . kindred
branches are to be. taught. Farming
operations and dairying are to receive
much attention. The , use of modern ma
chinery and applied sciences to these in
dustries are to be given particular promi
nence. It is the intention to place the
school on a par with the leading technical
schools of the world, and the board is de
termined to make it as much of a factor
in industrial training as are some of the
other institutions of the State in profes
sional education.
Professor Wickscn allayed any fears
which might have been occasioned by the
appointment of a university man on the
board that the university would dominate
the school. He said tho university would
be on the most friendly terms with the
new institution and .give it heartiest; sup
port.
The citizens of San Luis Obispo had
been invited- to attend the meeting and
express their ideas as to the scope of the
school. Many residents addressed the
board and much of the day was spent in
listening to the views of men who had
given the question much thought.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March g.— The
Board of Trustees of the California Poly
technic School, appointed on January 30
by Governor Gage, met here this morning
for its first business session. The mem
bers present were Hon. Thomas J. Kirk,
Superintendent . of Public Instruction,
who with Governor Gage is ex-offlcio a
member: Professor E. J. Wickson of the
University of California, F. A. Hahn of
Santa Cruz, Hon. S. C. Smith" of Bakers
field, the author of the bill establishing
the school, and Hon W. M. John and
"William Graves of this place. The board
"organized by electing Senator Smith per
manent chairman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wife of Former Sacramento
' Man Receives Slight-;;:
Wound.
Inspect Proposed Sites in the
Vicinity of San Luis
• Obispo.
Trustees of California
Polytechnic School ~
Meet.
Bad Marksmanship Pre
vents a Murder in
Portland.
PLAN EDUCATION
ON BOARD LINES
HUSBAND'S AIM
PROVES FAULTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
23
SACRAMENTO, Aiarcn 8.— Joseph Hous
ton was run over by a train near Davls
vllle to-night. He was brought to 'the
railroad hospital In this city. One leg
was amputated just below the knee, the
other Just above the knee and three fin
gers were taken off his \ right hand.
Houston Is a metal worker and lost his
place In San Francisco during: the strike.
He is 43 years of age. He refuses to give
tho names of his relatives, saying: "I
know I am going to die: let it go at that."
At one tlmo he worked for Holbrook, Mer
rill & Co. In this city.
J8jj(*\/ Jaratoga £>nps \ Jk^ J@%£ \~ Woodlam maple ~| J@2&
Delights the Ih^^^^l Delights -the , A Pure S^^!^T7 The Only -.
Taste on JJ fi$M|0(jfj . Children in the Maph Syrup | VyoODLAWN Genuine
Hot-Cakes in Ij Candy in Is a De'icious m (P)^ 51 *^^ Maple Syrup
the Morning. 1 jf^U^i^S **** Evening. Article. || *^ c Market.
TheFinestof | ; /pS|^|| "Made of Pure v § 3lJ§P&v '• "
Syrups in ' 1 '^SJS .Granulated '.; Try || ©!»1APL£^ It Is ¦
Flavor. and . Sj 1 '^^^fflk ¦ Candy .' Woodlawn ... !| sfjCSUE '^V Absolutely
, ¦'. Sweetness. .'• I . <&CSggg|; ' . Su ? ar. Maple. %$&&$/* \ Pu:c '
In Ga'lon. Helf-Gallon and I — In Gallon, Ha'f'GaTcn and Quart Tinsj
Quart N Tics. \ SELL THEM Quart and Pint Bottles.
(nna'S L'ONG SYRUP REFINING CO., ~lona'<i \ /ntirt* LONG SYRUP REFINING CO^ (onq'S
lS /5s^^^ Eighth and Brannan Sts./ S. F. \ Phone, South 436. c^ m *^^^ \ C^*«J§L*~ : Eighth and Brannan Sts., S. F. Phone, Sooth 486. 4/ "'"S^.
Good Old Grandma's Advice
The children are sick — send for grandma! Who is there like her
lor wisdom and gentleness and sympathy, since the first baby came?
What would we have done without her?
t"Ca»c«reti er« «plendl<1, ray old mother prntfts them rcry
highly, and un nu« wotild r.oTcr be without them."
— Howard W. Wellman, 123 Trcmoct Street, Fairmonnt, Ohio.
"I naffer^ seven yarn TrJth tape-worm but didn't know
I had on«. Two months ago I wan tnken with inflammation of
the bowel*, sour etomach, sick headache. I tried Cascarets
and had not taken them a week before I tfm relieved of »
tape-wona 18 feet lone. I am very much better."
— Mrs. John Stone. Put-In-Bay Island, Ohio.
"After t aline Casecrets for a few niehu' before writing,
I was able to pass a tape-wonn 24 feet in length. Cascarcts
have our praise, and I will willingly fnrnisU a testimonial
to anyone who desires It."— Mrs. Harry Wood, Keuneth, Ind.
"I was troubled for a Ions time Trlth liver complaint and
was In such misery that I had to give op work. 1 took but
fourdoses of Oascarets before I Tra* abletoeo to work again."
-«_ —Mrs. Jos. KresUng, 1921 Congress St., St. Louis.
"^Te^^^g^^&^Ss-J^v^ "A year neo I was a cre&t snf crer from piles and
/.^ W>-?Tt5 T7-3ij!fcV i %^rg5'** ™^w could (fet no rest day or night. I took Cascarots
>Ai?V;«r*'^^ »V^ and after three days was very much better. I can
f j^*^f < **'inP never thank you euouth for the relief Case-rets
j *"v/i.^x. \. f \L. have given me."
i > Y>O ($&£%/'! /**•-" V^ —Mrs. Mary E. Stcwhrt. Pleasonton, Icwa.
J- — "i\Z_!lS\ -^ =r^>-"^* fc^ >P^l "I had suffered with sick headaoho for many
I v f "Vp f *•* ."*yffi f\ wars, and with indieestion and constipation from
I 3>*1— Vt j.t . X? t »rt time to time. Since using Cascarets I am free froia
W ' fU^. these ailments and recommend Cascarets to all
* -^S* - v^ — ~~~_1 "V »uff»rcrs."— Mrs. Delia Kerns, professional uursa,
< 226 West 36th Street. Sew York.
The wisdom of years of experience with her own health, and
grandpa's and the children's, and the children's children has taught
grandma what is good for her and the several generations. of family
she has looked after. Grandma of today knows and advises that
Cascarcts Candy Cathartic are the only perfect family medicine for.
all bowel troubles, children's diseases, diseases of the stomach- and
liver, sick headaches, biliousness and bad blood.
y£?~ ~ ~ ~ ~ A Best for the Bowels. A!I druggists, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk.
(QJ&G£j-mLQ*S* C-enuioe tablet stamped CC C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
\VW%WWt^ b fc Sala pie «nd booklet free. Address - 620
3 **^ St-rUng Remedy Co.. Chicago or New York.
_ _,_
It p:y* ; In ttie P erf ect light of our carpet department— the best lighted carpet
lo treds j department in San Francisco — we are showing our new spring stock — ¦
mi S the m ° St com P lete assortment of new and beautiful designs shown on
' at - r e ac^ c Coast. Our big furniture business was started from our
I Pattosren's j carpet department, and if we know anything, we think it's about carpets
Where can you match these values?
Bigdow and Lowell Axminsters Bigelow Lowcl! Bady Brussels
Absolutely the best high-pile carpet made: all In an endless variety of patterns, for hall, par-
i.ie iatest_lall patterns and colorings; -3 5C lor. library, bedroom; the regular down-town
price vi./o; this week, sewed and laid X.*J*J price for-the carpet is $1.50; this week i OC
n . . sold as low as £•£.%)
Boaniry and Stinson Tapjstries smith's and Sjntord'i Ihst Velvets
in dainty new patterns, exact copies of fine v ' . .. , . ¦ , . . , ,
Axminsters and Body Brussels- regular down- » iixqmsite- new designs ; and colorings, suitable
tov.-n price $1.00 This w»ek =ewed '"/.A - par ' or - nau » dining-room: • borders to
and laid... ; " """ " fUC match: regular $1.25; this week, sewed \ f\f\
-¦};¦. and laid I t VV
Smith's and Sanford's Tapestries , Extra Super Ingrains
rratch^LSr^ 00 " 1 v°f P^i°^ bord J l r rt to & inches wide: warranted all wool and abso-
• match, regular 90c; sewed and laid.. Q lutely best quality; regular qoc; this rjf\'
*¦ ¦ week (Vw
American Cork Linoleum - Inlaid Ti'e Linoleum
Made 12 feet wide and of extra heavy quality; English an3 American tile linoleum, indestruc-
r.ew designs of imported hardwood floors: also .. tible: 25 different designs; some stores ask as
floral patterns; regular 8oc; square AQf* high as $1.75 for no better goods | *?(\
Stores which cannct compete with these prices try to overcome this by referring. in glowing terms to
private designs and exclusive patterns. Don't you believe a word of it! We all buy in the same market and
from the same manufacturers and or.r ready cash is quite as alluring as the next man's. We CAN and DO
show anything that any carpet house in this city will and we guarantee you prices 25 per cent less. This new
stock of ours was boueht early- ar.d is the pick of all the new season's output. If you are thinking of new
carpets — see «s."
COMER SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS
ADVERTISEMENT^
j^P """"" . f
! for Summer Dresses
I I
f Now is the time tp be making your summer dresses^ — |
I don't wait until the hot weather comes — working is easy |
I now, so get ready in plenty of time — our stock of wash 1
5 fabrics is the greatest we have ever exhibited — to-morrow |
I we open- the spring campaign — read these items carefully |
I and make your selections to-morrow — you will regret it if g
1 Special No. 1. ?
I Crass Linens— \ % i |
[ Here is a wash fabric special that you cannot afford to overlook — grass \
{. linens in unusually handsome Persian stripes and dots^ — also plain — new 5
',' patterns, fancy weaves, an ideal fabric for spring and summer wear —
S plenty to choose from — special, beginning to-morrow .....12j^c Yard I
! Snfrtnl Nn 9
I Wash Challies— |
S Some very original styles and colorings, in fancy printed challies — for 3
5 summer costumes and wrappers — exceptionally big line to select from *
| : : 13c Yard fe
Special No. 3.
| Novelty Lace Grenadinss— |
I One of the prettiest spring fabrics of the year — in dainty shadings of \
I tan, castor, reseda, true blue, pearl gray, etc., mingled with black and <
| white — a decided novelty in pretty lacy effects — 38 inches wide — liffht f
I and cool for summer wear — would be cheap at 50c a yard — a «reat spe- »
I cial, beginning to-morrow. '. J*5c Yard f
1 Srif»f ic»1 Nn JL ¦ • ¦ S
* v? jJ \f W/ 1 CS 1 1 i XJm "T" » 8
I Parisian Panne Broadcloth—
S The proper material for a tailor-made suit or stitched skirt — full 52 6
I inches wide — in a big range of new sprang shadings, such as tans, grays, f
jj resedas, golf reds and a new blue — also a fast black — every thread wool I
b and very fashionable— a beautiful lustrous surface, sponged and shrunk |
31 if desired— a regular $1.50 cloth— a great special, beginning to-morrow fi
j •• O8c Yard |
I Special No* 5. I
| Glasgow Hopsacksng— I
| Here is the latest fad for summer dressesr— an all-wool material in a I
9 very new coarse thread weave — you will have to come to see it to apprc- S
g date its beauty — comes in plain, snowflake, challc line and hair line g
£ effects — principally in tans, grays and castors, also in golden brown an.l &
I in black with white line effects — a very original weave and bought to fc
| sell at 75c yard— a great special, beginning jto-morrow 50c Yard |
| Chudda Waisting Cloth— |
\ , This will be a very popular material this season for tucked and fancy S
»• waists, kimonas, wrappers and children's dresses — very soft and pretty k
j| — all pure wool — comes in new shades of old rose, reseda, strawberry, S
ji turquoise, helio, cadet, pink, sky, brown, poppy red. and also in black |
aj — nice for street or evening wear — a great special, beginning to-mor- P
| row 23c Yard £
j The above items are for sale at Market-street s'.ore only. gSeventh raco, ncllinc, mile — Hallnon, won.
Incidental second, &r. Carrlck third. .Time,
Fifth race, x.-iltnc. mile — Curl Kahler . won/
filr Florian second. I^ofter third. Time, l:t"lj.
Plxth race, tailing, two mil«s-~Ltden Klla
won. Admctun necoivJ, . Azlm third. Time,
3:31 H.
fiecond race, flvo furlonRK — Tvlngo tv<Jn, Dolce
Far Nlente second, The Four Hundred third.
Time, 1:01.
Third race, handicap, nix furlongs— Mnggle
Davis won, Imp. Albula second, Grantor third.
Time. l:lil«i.
fourth raer, lianrilrpp, mile and a quarter— «
TU>n Chance won. Nitrate oecond, Scarlet Lilly
tliird. Time, 2:fMJ.
New Orleans Eacing.
NEW OMilJANH, Mnrch 8,— Summitry;
Klri"t race, nelllnft. tnlle — Rocnpa won, Maple
BPconrt, TrnBedy third. Time, I ;43.
KANSAS CITY, Mo,, March 8.— John
Henderson of Minneapolis was found (toad
In th" Helping-Hand Institute here this
morning with a bullet-hole in hi* head,
The theory In that lie committed lulcldo.
Last evening Henderson reported to the
police that two negro women had robbed
him of f&00. The police detained him tin*
til midnight and then sent him to the In-
Htltute. There he wita directed -to n cot
on tha upper floor and this wa§ the taut
seen of lilm alive./ Two nesroeg who
slept lant night at the Helnlng*Hnnd were
arrested to-day on Husplclon of knowing
Bomethlng about tho man's death. The
women who robbed him hava nlao been
taken In chnrge.
Found Lifeless on His Cot,
Smoking is .permitted in the prisons In
Belgium only as a reward for eood be
havior.
FORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. 1 March 8.— The
tramp steamship Oceania arrived to-day, twen
ty-elsht days from Manila. - The Oceania had
a tempestuous voyage In crossing the Pacific,
encountering several gales which caused th«>
big craft to labor heavily as sea after sea
swept her decks.
WASHINGTON, March 8. — Speaker
Henderson and Chairman Payne of the
Ways and Means Committee, and Sena
tor Allison, members of the Finance
Cc remittee, called at the White House
to-day, presumably in relation to . the
pending controversy oVer Cuban reci
procity. There was the most positive
declination to discuss the purpose of the
call. It is said, however, that the Presi
dent had ln no way changed his attitude
favorable to reciprocity. In this con
nection there were renewed Intimation*
of a special message, which would clearly
set forth the President's views on the
subject.
Special Message May Be Sent.
One of the most profitable product3 of
Bulgaria is the oil or attar of roses, which
amounts to more than $1,000,000 annually
The town of Shipka, where was fought
the decisive battle of the Turko-Russin-.i
war, on July 7, 1877, is the center of the
rose gardens.
Signs. Philippine Bill.
"WASHINGTON. March S.-The Presi
dent has signed the Philippine tariff Mil.
DKMOrOIilS,' Ala., March 8.-D1V Leo
Jason of Swcfitwater, this county, was
shot and killed In a light with Joe and
.Edward Kin* of Kaunsdale, \A.la. The
Kings guve themselves up. to the Sheriff.
Joe King is City Marshal of Faunsdale,
and, both brothers rig highly respected
citizens of this county. /) .
Physician Killed in a Tight.
SAN UI3UNARRIN0, March S.-Oeorge
Avofb, uged 24, of Lom Angeles, committed
suicide here nt an early hour this morning
by shooting hlmaelf In the head with a
revolver, llo avoh a eoenlno fland, and,
bocatiso of ft fnlluro to break hlmsolf of
the drug habit, ho took his own life, Thd
tragedy occurred In the Emeraon houao
on K etrcet, whera Avers was stopping.
Hla father eonduota a livery Btablo In
Lou Angeles. ,
Endi HIh Slavery to Cocaine,
CHICAGO, March 8,— Governor Yates
and staff and members of the Union
League and Hamilton clubs, about 1O
Ktrong, left by special, train to-day for
Charleston, 8. G, 1 Pranldent Bush of the
MarquottQ Club announced that at a
meeting la*t night the club had decided
not to go as » body, This action was
taken, he h«i<i, on account of the recent
telegram sent by Lieutenant Governor
TlUman to* President Ileosevelt with
drawing the Invitation to the President
to i.Hiii.'liniiri in the sword presentation
to Atiijor.JfiiUhiM.
Resent Tillman's Insult.
CHICAGO, March S.— A special meeting
of the mileage bureau committee of the
Western Passenger Association will be
held here next Thursday to consider the
proposition to Increase the mileage or in
terchangeable tickets from 2000 miles to
3000 miles, and also to restrict the use of
2000 mile individual mileage books to the
lines issuing them. This is to prevent in
dividual roads from issuing interchange
able mileage. The avowed object of rais
ing the interchangeable mileage is to pre
vent the goneral public from using these
books and conllno them, solely to large
wholesale merchants and Jobbers.
Mileage. May Be Increased.
"With a view to prevent people of means
taking advantage of the free dispensaries,
meant only for the poor of the country,
the physicians and druggists of Philadel
phia will petition the next legislature to
enact a law requiring that a register, to
be open for inspection, shall be kept, giv
ing the names of all persons obtaining
medicines. . ¦
I The committee of the Norfolk Chamber
of Commerce that is endeavoring to ef
fect a settlement of the striku adjourned
to-night, having been in session for flfty
six hours. Iis report recommends that
the employes shall be bonded 'as demand
ed by the company, that 85 : per cent of
the eld employes shall be' taken back to
work and that twenty-four of the non
union workmen shall be retained, whether
they become members of the union or not.
The mob beat non-union employes of
the company, bombarded the cars, wreck
ins several, and several persons were hurt
by flying missiles. Many of the rioters
were arrested.
NORFOLK. Va., March 8.— Fully 2000
sympathizers with the striking street
railway employes engaged in a .riotous
demonstration against the company for
three hours to-day at Main and Church
streets. . ' .
She was badly stunned and was taken
at once to her quarters at her hotel and
the audience was dismissed. The doctors
are still working with her and they say
that she is not fatally hurt, though the
exact extent of her injury is not known.
ST. LOUIS, March 6.— Mrs. Flske, the
well-known actress, was painfully If not
seriously injured to-night while acting
her part- in "A Bit of Old Chelsea" at the
Grand Opera-house. She had just left
the flight of steps leading' to the room of
the artist who surrendered hi3 apartment
and bed to her, when the room aloft gave
way and Mrs. Fiske plunged headlong to
the floor of the stage, a distance of eight
feet, and alighted on her head.
Riotous Demonstration
Caused by Railway-
Strikers. .
Mrs. Fiske. Falls Eight
. . Feet oh . Stage in .
St. Louis.
Said a Missouri planter: "The negro
seems to have a natural talent in the
matter of picking cotton. He can beat
the world. I have been watching the
negro for a great many years, having
spent my life on a cotton plantation in
Mississippi, in an effort to find the ele
ments which give him superiority in this
respect, but I have .not been able to
formulate any correct theory with re
gard to the matter. Certainly there is
nothing in the structural nature of the
negro that would tend to give him any
great advantage over the white man as
a cotton picker. I have seen white men
of the same size and build, having ap
proximately the same arm reach and tho
bame measurements generally, pick cot
ton, row for row, -witn the negro, and at
weighing time in the evening the negro
would have from 250 to 350 pounds while
the white man would have probably less
than 150 pounds. They would pick the
same number of rows of cotton, but the
negro, on account of his superior skill,
would keep ahead, and he would cull the
row nest to his, and in this way would
cram into his sack probably one-fourth
of the cotton on the white man's row.
Cotton picked by a negro is not as free
from trash as the cotton picked by a
white hand, but the quantity of the trash
in cotton picked by the better class of
negroes does not in any way injure the
staple unless the season is nearing tho
close and the bolls begin to rot. The
negro seems to have a better use of his
arms and ringers, and gets quicker ac
tion in picking cotton. And then there
is the fact- that the negro sings nearly
all the time he is picking cotton, a low,
musical sort of hum, which apparently
aids him a great deal by closing his con
sciousness to all else around him except
the cotton bolls, and I expect this has a
great deal to do with the fact that he
picks more cotton in a given space of
time than the white man."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
Arras and Legs Than Any
Other Race.
Seems to Get Quicker Action of tho
THE NEGRO MAKES THE
BEST COTTON PICKER
Greyhounds are the swiftest of all four
footed creatures, and their speed may be
regarded as equal to that of carrier pis
eons. English greyhounds, which are
carefully selected and which are used for
coursing, are able to cover at full gallop
a space between eighteen and twenty
three yards every second.— Our Dumb
Animals.
According to M. Dusolier the speed of
the shepherd dogs and those used in hunt
ing ranges from ten to fifteen yards a
second. English setters and pointers hunc
at the rate of eighteen to nineteen miles
an hour, and they can maintain this speed
for at least two hours.
Foxhounds are extraordinarily swift, as
is proved by the fact that a dog of this
breed once beat a thoroughbred horse,
covering four miles ln six and one-half
minutes, which was at the rate of nearly
eighteen yards a second.
Thus the wolf can run between fifty and
sixty miles ln one night, and an Arctic
fox can do quite as well, if not better.
Nansen met one of these foxes on tho
Ice at a point more than seventy miles
northwest of the Sannlkow territory,
which is 430 miles from the Asiatic coast.
Eskimo and Siberian dogs can travel for
ty-five miles on the ice ln five hours, and
there is one case on record in which a
team of Eskimo dogs traveled six and
one-half miles in twenty-eight minutes.
After pointing out the marvelous endur
ance shown by little fox terriers, who fol
low their masters patiently for hours
while the latter are riding on bicycles or
in carriages, he says that even greater
endurance is shown by certain wild ani
mals that are akin to dogs.
Some remarkable statistics in regard ta
what remarkable speed dogs are capable
of have been gathered by M. Dusoller. a
French scientist.
Speed Nearly Equal to the
Carrier Pigeon.
Greyhounds Aro Credited With a
FLEETEST OF FOOT
OF ALL ANIMALS
MOB BOMBARDS
NORFOLK CARS
REV. G. A. BERNTHAU a distin
guished theologian of Detroit,
Mich., has accepted a call to as
sume the pastorate of St. Paul's
Evangelical Lutheran Church at
the corner of Gough and Eddy streets.
He is expected to arrive in this city to
n-,orrow evening, and a delegation will
leave in the morning to give him a suit
aKIc welcome to his new home.
The congregation of St. Paul's Church
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. March 7.-The
Democratic City Convention nominated
the following ticket: For Mayor. Jamc:<
A. Reed; City Treasurpr. James Cowgllt:
City Auditor. D. V. Kent: Police Judge.
Hugh C. Brady; City Attorney, Jacques
L. Morgan.
Kansas City Democrats Nominate.
NOTED ACTRESS
SEVERELY HURT
Rev. M. Hi Lelbe, the retiring pastor.
l:a« occupied tho pulpit in St. Paul's
Church since the death of tho Rev. J. M.
Uuehler. He was called to this city last
September to act as city missionary, but
¦was prevailed upon by the communicants
of St. Paul's Church to accept the pas
tciatc until such tirrie as they should
have an opportunity to select a suitable
successor to Rc,v. J. M. Buehler. Rev..
Mr. Llebe will now devote his energies to
fultlllins the office of city missionary.
Tho new pastor will bo installed on
Thursday evening, March 13, with due
ceremony. Rev. J. II. Thelss of Oakland
will officiate and will be assisted by Rev.
M. H. Lelbe und Rev. Schrocder of this
city, Rev. Mr. Wltte of Oakland, Rev. Mr.
I/Hrgo of Berkeley and Rev. Mr. Tletjen
of Crockett. He will deliver his inaugural
address on Sunday, March 16.
is to be congratulated on securing a man
of Rev. O. A. Bernthal'H ability. Ho
comes with the best of reference*, being
lecMnmended by ProfcHnor F. lMepcr of
St. LouIh, Mo., president of tho Lutheran
church In America, nnd "by II. C. Schuan,
D.D.. of Cleveland. Ohio. Ho Is about 40
years of ago and has ulready attained n:i
en viable reputation as a theologian. His
former flock valued his service** so highly
thut It was only after several meetings
thut it reluctantly gave 'him leave to
eomo to this city.
"JAMES B. OHMAN,
"Governor."
"WAfiHlXOTON. D. c. March r.-Hls
llxct Hi nry. the Governor of Colorado,
J.it-tivi-i : Tin' ciili.isc Minister ad vixen mo
<>( u reported attempt by MIiuth' Union
ut Ouruy. Ounty County. Colo., to drive
O:!m*ir> out iif town. Il!n<-r«' I'nion nl-
J< «< 'I to h.ive declared boycott ugainHt
< tutu ii . who i:re ?ald to be peaceable
rrxulcm*. If the f.'ein are aa understood
und ivjxTtcd liy'llic rhln<-tx> MSnlxter the
<l<ji:irtm»tit would be pleased If you would
iini< ly take aucfa measures a» you may
Had appropriate to prevent violence anil
to ai-Mirc the Chinese protrrtJon and un
loliKt.d enjoyment of treaty rightd und
ptlytfeges. JOHN HAY,
"Secretary of Stnte."
Tim Governor replied ~* follows:
"John liny. Secretary of State, Wash
ington t Your mensage of March 7th re
ceived. 1 fthaU take up the matter men
tioned with the county and town officers
tit Ouray immediately and ascertain what
can Lc done.
DENVER. Colo.. March K.-Governor
Ormnn to-day received the following trie
gram:
HAY ASKS PROTECTION
FOR OURAY CHINES£
Charles Frohman In dVvot'njr himself to
rchearnnls for «he "Girl from Mux'm's."
which open* at th rt Criterion Theater
March 22. This, with "JJenHur." which
Is In preparation »it tho Dtury l.ane Tin -
nU-r. promise* to b>* the most Intcr^rtinx
In n month prolific with upw playn. "Shei
lock Holme*" leave n the Lyceum April 1
to make way for Henry Irving and opens
a provincial tour of a month at lvlln
burgh.
Kitty Cheatham is having much success
a« a singer of darky sor.gs in English
dniwing-room.s. Within the past few
weeks she has rung In the homes of a
number of prominent people. Including
those of Princess IJeatrlee, Lady Ilchen
ter. Mrs, t'arl Meyer, Clinton Dawkins
and Lord Goschen.
"I hope she who writes this work will
help to stem the tide of girls who so
blindly rush into a profession of which
they are ignoiant. for which they .ire un
lltted and in which dangers unnumbertd
lurk on all sides. If, with Clara Morris'
power and charm. *o much had to be suf
fer* d, what is, what must br>, ;he lot of so
many mediocrities who pass through the
piimo (ires with no reward in the end?"
From the retirement of her country
home Mary Anderson (Mrs. Antonio de
Navarro) has written a striking preface
to Clara Morris' "Life en the Stage,"
which is on the eve of publication in Eng
land. In a glowing tribute to the Ameri
can actress, Mary Anderson declares "she
is the grraUst emotional actress I ever
saw," and adds the signilicant- warning to
stage-struck girls:
The subscribers include the Duke and
Duchcei of Devonshire; Consuelo, Duch
ess >jt Marlboruugh: the Marchioness of
Granby, Lord and Lady Marcus Beres
ford, ¦ the Countess of Dudley, and Mes
dames Hradley-Martin, Adair and Ron
alds. It is expected Ysayc, Sarasate, Ku
soni and probably Madame Nordica will
be included among the performers, and a
contract has already been signed with
Alice Nielson.
This is a scheme for a season of private
subscription concerts, beginning at 1 p.
m. Sundays at the Queen's Hail, which
will be fitted up with lounges and ca«=y
chairs and converted into a palm garden.
The subscriptions are limited to 150, mem
bers being permitted to take a restricted
number uf guests.
LONDON, March S.— While Dr. Edward
Parkor. mir.Irter of the City. Temple, js
scoring King Edward for attending a
Sunday concert, the King has already in
dkated the desire of the Queen* and him
self to attend the opining of one of the
most elaborate social musical events Lon
don has known for some time. *
The general then declared the Filipinos
could not be classed with the Cubans and
he said that if the United States troops
should now leave the Philippine Islands
there could be half a dozen different kinds
of civil war , there and that the world
would hold the United States responsible.
The general said he talked with Aguinaldo
on their way back to Manila from the
Vicksburg and that Aguinaldo told him
that neither Dewcy nor any one else had
promised him anything, but that he and
his people had faith in the Americans.
General Funston called on Prince Henry
in the afternoon at the Prince's apart
ments and the two chatted for almost an
hour.
"There are many men in the United
States who did more with their mouths
and minds to aid the insurgents than did
these poor men with the Krag-Jorgenson
rifles. I would rather see those men
hanged for treason than to see one of- our
soldiers dead on the field of battle."
The general said there was not one of
the so-called Filipino patriots who could
not be convicted of murder if he was
tried by a Jury. He declared that there
had never been a war in the world's his
tory where the soldiers had shown such
humanity as had tho American troops in
the Philippine islands. He then told of
six American soldiers who had Joined the
Filipinos and were afterward captured
and executed as traitors, and then said:
General Funston then gave many exam
ples to show that the- Filipino leaders
were not true patriots. He mentioned the
slaying of Antonio I.una, who was or
dered slain by Aguinaldo. General Fun
stor. said that Aguinaldo had told him 11:
regard to Luna's e'eath: "I had him
killed simply because he would have been
dictator Instead of myself."
Filipinos a Bad Lot.
"All of those men who have fallen since
December, 1900," he continued, "have been
victims of a lot of misinformed and mis
guided people here ln the United States.
It is perfectly proper for us to have all
sorts of opinions as to what we should do
with the Philippine islands, but for
heaven's sake let us keep them to our
selves until every square inch of that ter
ritory recognizes the sovereignty of the
United States."
General Funston then mentioned eev
eral instances of personal bravery of men
ln tho army which resulted ln their
deaths, including thoso of Captain God
frey and Sergeant O'ttrlcn. Jin was
present when Sergeant O'Brien was ntiot
and said: "it was one of those wild mo
menta that are worth ten years of hum
drum existence." His listeners cheered
tho remark.
"All sorts of men get into the army.
There are good, bad and indifferent, but
I believe that £15 per cent of tho American
soldiers aro a bruvo and humane lot of
men. Tho other u per cent, who have been
writing letters to newspapers, have or
namented tho insldo of a gmg house
longer thun they havo distinguished
themselves in tho Held."
"The dance has begun."
"What dance?" I asked, and Major Met
calf replied " 'Go out and hear it,' und
I went out and heard the pattering of
rifle balls, and that was the beginning of
tho war over there."
General Funston then told in minute de
tail of the instances which led to the war
fare between the American army and the
insurgents, and during the narrative told
of the shooting of several' sentries by
Filipino scouts who had passed the lines.
He said that m the opening of the battle
between the army and the insurgents
Major Metcalf of the First Kansas Regi
ment had come to his quarters and said:
How the War Began.
"The army has been doing . as much
good as it could under the circumstances.
When Manila was surrendered to Dewcy
and Merritt some thousands o£ Spaniards
were in the city. In the eyes of the world
these people looked to us for protection,
and to have turne'd them over to the un
controllable mob known as Aguinaldo's
army would have, been tho blackest page
of American history, one that a thousand
years of repentance and restitution would
not have satisfied."
"To talk about the war in the Philip
pines, is not an agreeable subject, but
what I may say may aid some of you in
forming opinions as to the condition of
affairs in the islands.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Brigadier Gen
eral Frederick Funaton was the guest' of
honor at a dinner given to-night at, the
Lotus Club. More than COO members of
the club were present. "Among the guests
were Charles S. Gleed, a prominent law
yer of T6peka, Kans. : Frank U. Mcl-en
nun, editor of the Topeka Journal: B. T.
Jeffrey, president of the Denver and Illo
Grande. Railway; Captain Charles D.
Coghlan, U. S. N.; the Rev. Dr. Minor
Savage, Job E. Hedges, Paul Dana, and
J. II. Canfield of Columbia University,
who at one time taught a school in Kan
sas which General Funston'attendcd when
a boy. General Funston on being intro
duced said:
Mary Anderson Gives Some
Advice to Stage-Struck
Captor of Aguinaldo Has a
Chat With Henry of
Prussia.
Secretary Long Wanto
a New Department
Building.
"As Instancing the growth of tho, navy."
tJ'.e board says, "it may br- rtatcd that
v. hen the Navy Department was assigned
to a portion of the State. War and Navy
huildfnsr. the navy consisted of ninety
four ressels of 177.433 tons. Sixty-two
Itscehi were in <.-ommiPsion, having; an ag
gregate tonnage of VBISM. At the present
time we have S23 vessels of 41*0.122 tons,
and ISO of 2C2.7H4 tons are In commission.
The appropriation for 1£S3 was $lj.22G..>yi>,
Hi):) fur the ri;?cal year 1001 was $84,537,
\tjt J-. The number of ofllccrs and em
ployes Jji the Navy Department building
in IFf.li was L'7*i. Nearly double that num
bcr are now oqcupylcs iho t-anie apace.**
In order in relieve the congestion. Secre
tary I-onR appointed a board, of which
Captain J. H. Bartlett, retired, was presi
dent. This beard stronply recommends a
ticw building of ample size.
Socrctprics Hay and Root, as well as
Secretary Kong, have complained of a
Jack of space. The War Department In
sists that Us business fs so extenxlve that
It v.fll occupy the entire building. 80
great is the volume of the foreign atfairs
of thr Government that the State Depart
ment finds Itaclf crampeJ. The Navy De
partment has bi-cn compelled -to rent out-
Fide quarters to accommodate many of its
olflces.
C/.I.I. UURMAUi HW r. STREET. *N.
>V.. WASHINGTON. March S.— .S*'orttary
J^iiis will ixrfgc Congreea next week to
authorize Ibo cmjxtirucUon of a new build
i«iK for tho Navy department. The de
jjartir.i'iit is now est.ui>lisiip<l in a building
a shuri distance from the White House.
Bad it is also occupied by the State and
\Vi(r departments]
Spo<.::al DSsp&tcb W The <":ill
ployes Requires Estra
Quarters.
Enormous Increass in Em-
Lotus Ciub of In
surgents.
Ganeral Funston Tells
buke Has No Effect
on Edward.
London Minister's Re-
NAVY OFFICIALS
DEMAND SPACE
KING WORRIES
NOT TRIFLE
SHARPLY SCORES
BAD FILIPINOS
THE SAN FJIAN01SC0 ; PxVLL, SUNDAY, MAliOlt j), 1902.
CONGREGATION PREPARES
TO WELCOME NEW PASTOR
Rev. G. A. Bernthal, a Distinguished Detroit
Theologian, Is Coming to Take Pulpit of
St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church
REV. G. A. BERNTHAL, WHO HAS
ACCEPTED CALL EXTENDED BY
' ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.
24
jgg^ggri**^^ Dr. Bloaaer, who has devoted twenty-eight years to the treatment of catarrhs! rtis-
Sj^^^^^w^ rases, has perfected the only Katlsfuctorv treatment ever discovered fur the absolute
loSaS^W^Si^R^L f 11 ? ° f catfirrh - catarrbal deafness, bronchitis, asthma and kindred disease*. He h.n
WwMmMmrK SfhT^SESSS 1 ha u "5",;5 avln8 cured CU£e3 of i5 - -° ° J ears ' stallilir " ; - ln whkh * u
W0'mj&^'§2^ \ • , , J ' la *»yorUo rtmefly irt 11OW ' prepared for (ielf.treatm«nt. and is »cnt by mall direct
W$f$*?^'W£r \ t P>'t »nt. It can b« u»«d In your home. o(tlc« or ahum your daily work. " con$Uta
|Wivfi# \ f' ¦ of medicinal herb», flower*, n^u and extracts. It li a perfect unti-
Wlwe&P'P' \ cutarrhal polion or germ, and la perfectly harmless and plca-ant in It* «ff*ctj.
War- X Contains No Tobacco.
WfiWi s/&\ fl ru ? r ' iV'f.^tmliSi*?!!'. Xii'J fSJJ^J".!.* 10 opium, cocaln*. tobacco <.r nn y injurlout
*%fl'j win.'ii ! i..h t 1 1 »t?« p mm.^ ,1 * th «» converted Into a d«n«a modlcated imokn
wM s^~~**y]P ) ' ,^ n , ','"" r^ 1 ,' VTJ « l V n * extract of thr, remedy u thus applied dlrsctly an<l
Wi **±^£r$!$wk. ( threat Jml lu!i«M. C y cavlty ' t '" 11 a " r1 !llr P»«»a«« '" th« note, head,
No other method or remedy can reach and cure catarrh In all parttof thealr pa«a e »«
P* M- Sam P 1 ©s Mailed Free.
I®*' CvAk y.''^X , fif ; n(1 U9 your afldiMi and wo will uen.l you by mall, absolute
jf^^^S^'Sir^/iK/ W& I, I ly r . r %., n trl;l1 P a <*nso ot Dr. Blonnefa Catarrh Cure and 1
irK/^^* 1 " 1 *^^ \ ! . ¦¦£ r^i^L '"'m 1 lltlto I' 1 '" 1 "> whlcli to rnioko t)m rrmr.lv.
mm^--^!!^yt V ?\^><< T tN < f v " W fer-iSii»J G ,,,°V r tv '' n sumple a trial. U will r>,^t. you nothing, ami
V&Kbr^r V.' 1 •'«•."'• -«/ l^ : '^T-iil V ' r T''J Pleased to have 1 1 1 •- opportunity to flpm.m~tr.ito tu
P>" : hit*C -tx&£2*L~ x^-.3>'' <Ji> L-i ' -*- <-sJ y ciiectlvpnesa or uur remrdy. You will tind It Just ai wo
v, " «jj 'S5^S^gTg-€l.g. »«» •Sj represent it. Those who try the sample generally give us an
ITcC ) W W Cl" £r We have received thousands of iinsollclted testimonials. It
fiVtfV % E>*— <§ ri Jre ? Sj out of every 100 casrs. Write ua for a consultation
' *fc^*i*\ • 'a :\ ; Xi^v hU blank. \\e make no charjrc for advice.
fl Tho Medicated I Not for -Sale by Druggists.
V/ft^s M Qnaohoc If you nrrcl a rrmnclv Immediately nnd wish to «1vp ours a
Wml -^1 ' ' OMIU ,^ e noacnes BO od, fair trial, send us at once 11.00 tor our regular box. whica
jMJr;,|/ ; all tho Air contains ono month's treatment.
Jiff L^S^.J Dr. J, W. Blosser & Son,
342 Walton Street, Atlanta, Ca.
'¦?":'?¦¦ _ ADVEIITISEMENT3.
! STEALING FURNITURE
TO EVcRY PURCHASER OF A
This week (any R : chmond) we give two kitchen chairs and a
kitchen table.
It's not necessary to give away anything to sell a Richmond.
Every Richmond In use sells at le?st three more.
Every one sold is talksd about and praised by its owner, who
wants her best friend to have one.
As their merits b;come better known we know they will be self-,
" advertising, and our chief difficulty will be to supply the demand.
EVERYTHING FOR* THE HOME.
1039 Market St., Opp. McAllister.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HYPNOTIC StNSATION OF PARIS.
TI.Jw Jf ¦ Hrtgi« of 8\fnr«Mi the great hypniiilK of f'&rl*, who hypnotised Trill))'. *'
*ltu|!ie ti*nti>' Ctrl, end tnu&t of her tha preauet sinter In tli<» world and th« sertKatlun of
rum, A'-'^r^insr t«j ih* .tory, Ui» fhut'igr.tjih alone of (hi* welrd-looklng fiemleniMii wan
•" ¦!!¦ i'l I tH U....W I.U blaUllfUl pill.Jcrl |ntO Mir |iv|<|i»ll" limirr, r-"u ]|.i\V li.lifc yuli (an Imi'K
1 i- i.ii i.ii»- ruil in ih* eye without retting n Minings hphmiiIoh creeping ever you, Thin Mm.
tAntH will eivp y.Jti an ldr-« of th* wwiiitrful fftMinollgfi ut th« hypnotle ey», Hypnotism
!¦¦ Mir !,,..,( wonderful, tnytterloUH «nrt r>n»#-rtul itmt- in all the world. Out It li nof at nil
h«it<*ty to luakllko Kwneali in order la f%i-ii thin Mraitge and nnm\n power ov#r 6lli*r*.
. AT»iK>t|y wild rnn jpufl and wrlit call heroni* s liyrmutlkt and aeoonipllih nil that BveiioiU
'•vet <liil, fill mr»i •». You cnfi fiow mai!t»r Oil* fawlnutlng wlftirp frt-c of all loifat your
i «n li'.inr. iiy „ r, w limn*' Mufly you ¦. <¦ Warn oil alunit th* *.-ri«-in, m*ttifldg, tt*»< And
«f»W« of tli» lin">"'l*- trnii(i>, You rsn MM'iii'ltr atid ln)tttiry nil y&ur filer.dn by iilnelim
Kny rtip >on wi*h imdrr thin welril and tnntth- *\<*H. nnd vhw\ip\ tltrm to *>•*, think, feel and
art iirwlhPl)- «* you wifch, You r«ti *wny the InimiN of other*, perform ihu rnnin wonderful
«rul 1 11. ut,,. [put*. ,,,.! create fun and niini«.-n-. pt for i<oura at a llfti<\ You can do a
•' ¦ ii' •¦¦ '1 eninxlng Miiurs thnt othn jieupip cfltmnt do «md make yournrlr fanimJH ln 11 week's
Mnip. If »oii until <r. M.Mii: MONHY, >i.u run <1o «o by jjifit entertatnttieritp, •¦urlntf dl«-
»¦!»*». or '.«. 1 in, thr- 11M to other*. T»m*B »ue thirp put* And rnr;y W«>-« to win n fortune.
Why lir jinor? Why work fur othcrp, wlinn you <nn nmrlrr Hit* mpicy'ttittkliiK prnfrmilon so
caistly? Invrvtlcatr NOW. It f^t* nothing In find nut nil about It. l'rorc*sor llnrradon,
tin- worM-trtiiiwnrri UyimntlM. linn i*eu<d a UfM nud rleirunt FHi£tf HOOK, entitled, "A
Key to the MyMetlra tH Hypnotism.*' rtml anybody rnn R.-t a copy of It without one rent of .
i"iel, m<MPiy for ih<- HKklnp. Klmply k«m>.| fur It by lrtl»r or pnntnl. and It will be Kent you
fife nn«1 |.t'f|.nl<l \<y irf.'rn mull. It In the numt l.nnutlful. Intrreftltic; nm) valuable IvmjU
rvrr iniMloJir.l. It OMtUlfM hunrtrrcl* uf Wonutiful ptotUTM H ticl I" a marvel of elo(tanrc and
? plrnilur. TJif covrr Is n gem of art. nn'l ih« prlntlntf nn<I other feature* ore ilruply per-
fect. IWt of all, thl* ohartnliiR lir«.k trll* you J u *» how to become n hypnotist, livory *r-
thi and nijKlrry \* lure rxiilahinl In thp plmple«l lansunRc, rmrt you »rn emiueil to find that •
you run maftrr nil tlifffe power* your&plf f,, 1( 1 wlrld the subtle f.,rcnu of mind ;im well n« any
. ..prtat'.r In the lan<i. You aio nlso nliown how you may IipiiI the flrk. relieve pain, cun? Irnil
h«bit». u\\o 5l'.-» > p to the re*tWs nnd comfort to the sorrowing. And for yourself, an this
free Bonk nhow*. ynti c«n win promotion, norta) and burlnes* stnndlng. Increase of trade,
tin? Influence, ftlcmlshlp r,r love you niont dcalre. and. In «liort, nil that l« needed to make
vr.ii rich. ow»mril and )iapj>y h* !on« a* llff- last*. This bo«jk aluo treat* fully on Pprsonal
MajrtictlMri. Mairnrtlr HeaMnir and kindred *ubje<-t*. and how to CtlRIC VOUHSEI^F of any
pain, nchc or <l\rrnv*. In 'pltp of Itn Kreat value and preclou* contents, thin book Is free to
j»u— fffe a* nny rift ewt held out by a Krnoj-ons hand. There l« no coRt. no charK« what-
e«cr. iimply write, frx It. und It will !><• cent by next mall, nil charge* paid. Don't send
nn> money, nyt cvftx n stamp, but hfn>\ your name and addrcsH TO-TIAY.
PaOF. L, A. HARRADZN, Dept. H, Jackson. Mich,One-fourth of the 5,000.000 coffee shrubs
of tne mocha variety planted in German
East Africa are already- bearing.
Illinois with 704.. Ohio -with 422, New Jer
sey, with 314, California with 291, Connecti
cut with 266. Missouri with 222. Maryland
with 205. All other States have less than
200 each. Of. the 111.531 persons biographed
S141 cases give returns that can be use
fully claasiaed as to education. Of these*
5775 are college men and 4S10 are colle-re
graduates; 808 had a common school train
ing only; 282 were privately educated, ami
31- were self-taught. The summary la.dis
tlnctly In favor of higher education.. an<i
th«y reveal the country's unparalleled ele
ment of strength In the possibility of emi
nence, open to those whose training was
attained, in 'the public schools alone.
The vote of Philadelphia at the Bprim»
election was: 1 Republican, 127,000; Demo
cratic, 30.000; Reform, 1G.000; Prohibition
983. and Socialist. 842. . '
From France, where the first woman
lawyer of the nation has just been viewed
with wonder,- comes a chivalric refuta
tion of the idea that .as the intellectual
woman continues to come in the kiss is
to go out." "We may reassure ourselves."
writes :M.- Marcel Prevost. "There are
yet bright days in store for this strange
yet charming gesture."
- We need not pause to inquire why M.
Prevost calls the kiss a "gesture." So
long eg he permits us ; to rejoice in hia
confidence that our women .doctors are
not to . prescribe away the old tender
symbol of devotion, or our women law
yers to express love in a brief Instead of
a caress, we have no becoming criticism
to offer on his choice of . words.
As an excuse for his dissertation (but
perish the thoughtthat an excuse wai
needed!) M. Prevost > recites tho case of
an Australian volunteer who, crvine
"They are too much for me!" fainted un
der the '.kisses of 300 fair admirers Too
much for him! And onl>* 300 of them'
Shades of; our own General Sherman and
fond memories of Hobson's better davs 1
Of what stuff can heroes be made in tho
new republic of the antipodes to be thus
vanquiphed on a mere - skirmish-line of
beauty?— New, York World.
Gesture" Will Stay iLong
. With,TJs.
Marcel Prevost Says the "Charming
BRIGHT DAYS YET IN
I STORE FOR THE KISS
Edward D. Holmes', a sailor on. the
training ship Pensacola, became intoxi
cated yesterday s afternoon, and finding
his way into the offices of Dr. A. J. Rice
at 116 St/jckton street started in to wreck
the plaqp. He 1 was finally placed under
arrest by Police Officer Roble and Detec
tive Ed Gibson, but' not before he had
done ' considerable damage. Holmes • was
charged with malicious mischief, assault
and disturbing the peace. .
Drunken Sailor, on Rampage.
Trunk Quirk, u jilumlicr living nt 13 Tc
lidiim itreet; whh convicted by Judge, Ch-
IuiiiIhh yewtfrduy on tho charge of buttnry
upon his wl fit nnd was eentonped to thren
months 'in the County Jail. He ts'n
chror.lc wife-bi'ateri Wednesday he wn«
KpiHoncotl to forty-el&ht hours by Judge
Mopan for disturbing tho peace, and
wtnn ho. went homo Frlduy night he bru
tnlly ftttacked his wife, whose ncreams at
tracted, tho attention of Policemen Mc-
Qunlde and Chase and they arrested him.
Three months ngo he knocked his wife
down and kicked her so viciously that
she was confined to bed for six weeks.
Wife-Beater Sentenced.
At a meeting of tho executive commlttOQ
of tho Union I^abor party hold lout nlRht
at Jia O'Fnrroll Btraot pinns wore adopted
for tho purtlqlpntlon of the party in the
npproiirhlnR 1 fltnto enmpftiKn. It Is the
purpopo of thfl party to thoroughly or-
Kuiilzn Hi" Htiiii«. and the* nnmoH of several
np<»nkerH who will prnbnbly /bo secured
to tour the 8tat« in tho intiroHt of tho
party wero «uggoHtod. A committed war
appointed to locuro rnmpnlgn lltoratura
for dlDtrlbutlon, nnd nil tho ; meml»<»rii of
III" Union l.iil.ui' imrty vv.mh i-.'i|U"nt"d
to «^?o that thuy nro properly registered.
Prepares for the Campaign.
The hall of Harmony £>odge No. 9 of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen in the
Alcazar building was crowded last night
with members, on the occasion of a visit
by Grand Foreman Freeman and members
of the San Francisco extension'commit
tee. During the evening Jhe grand fore
man delivered a spirited address encour
aging the membership" In a manner that
was novel to those in attendance, arid. in
tho course of his remarks called for sug
gestions from any onb who Jiad any .to
make for the advancement of Workman
ship in this State. A number of sugges
tions were made. There were also ' ad
dresses by Past Grand Master Danforth
nnd Grand Recorder Spencer. During the
evening a collation and cigars were dis
tributed,
Visits Workmen's Lodge.
The meeting was one of the most enjoy
able that has been held in a Rebekah
lodge for many months.
Under "good of ; ; the.. order 1 -'-: there were
interesting .addresses.' : by i the. :'/ officers'
named, after which the lodge. closed with
the usual ceremonies and then .there was.
a march to .the banquet • hall; where a
collation characteristic of the, hospitality
of this enterprising lodge -was served. At;
the close there were short talks by. the
noble grand of the lodge, Dr. Frost,
Frank D. Worth and a number of others.
After the head of the' order had made
herself acquainted with the ' manner" in
which the business of the lodge was con
ducted the officers,. who were 'all 'attired
in white, the monotony of appearance be
ing relieved by the handsome regalia worn
by each, gave an exemplification of the
ritualistic and floor work by Initiating two
candidates for Rebekah honors. "; Each
officer did her work in a'most commend
able manner and' was highly' praised
therefor by President 'Mrs.' Mitchell.
What she sajd was verified by , the "ap
proving applause of; the mapy- members
and'visitors present. . . •,^' . , • ' : , . . . ', ' ¦'.
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell,- president of ' the
California Assembly") of Robekahs, 1.0.'
O. P., 'paid .an olllcial vlaltto Mission Ke
bekah Lodge luflt overiliig, being, accom
panied by; Secretary Mrs. Mary E. Don
oho, Treasurer Mrs. Anna M. Lelne, War
den Mrs. Alma Isabel Jensen, Mrs. Floy
C. Urquhart, district 1 deputy, and Pust
Grand Master W. W.""Watson. The lodge
room in Excelsior Hall on Mission street,,
between Nineteenth .and.. Twentieth, In
which, the meeting, was held, was most
elaborately decorated with the colors of
the order, pink and nile green, while the
several stations '-'pf; the ofllcers were coy-,
ered with Ho.wers.' ' \ ' ; %:¦' r
Officers Are Praised for Bxoel
lent Ritualistio V and •
Floor "Work. "
Official Visit' Is Made'by
President of Califor- '
nia Assembly.
MISSION LODGE
OF REBEKAHS
A New York man who was present when
Mr Roosevelt took the Presidential oath
at the homo of Ansley Wilcox in Buffalo
relates this: . • ' _
"There is no photograph in existence of
any Vice President taking the oath as
President. When Johnson succeeded Lin
coln the art of photography was not so
swift as it is now.' When Arthur took the
oath as.Garileld's successor it was in a
private house.".. No artist was present.
"These. facts were stated to Mr. Roose
velt when he reached Buffalo to become
Presidents He waa asked if, under the
circumstances,, he, would. permit a. photo
graph, to be made while he was taking
the oath In Mr. .Wilcox's house.
"At tirst he was" inclined to .protest.- At
the earnest solicitation of several persons
¦who were to be present he finally .con
sented but it was with the distinct under
standing/that the photographer was to
keep himself in the background. .Nothing
was to be dona, which would mar the dig
nity of the occasion, i Secretary Cortelyou
was to, arrange , that. ¦' j :...
"A young man who had accompanied
President McKinley on the California
trip.- and had been with him in Buffalo
up to the time of- the tragedy, waa Be-
Jected ' to photograph the scene In th«
Wilcox residence. He was there with hi*
camera in advance of the Roosevelt party
und was concealed as well as could be..,
••When ha got there he found, another
oi\» of hlH profession In tha room, who
had ft cameru big enough to taka u aky-
Htirapar. Juat how ha got in I shall not
eay.'but he waa not there ottlelaUy,. IIow
ttvpr, ho Inilstea on rpmRlnlns.
"JUHt'liH Mr. 110089 VOlt Wa« about to
taUo -the . outh thfl bis . eanwu eollnpnad
and caused a. * ; racket.' Thin naturally
nrnted upon the occasion, and Mr, Uimii>.
velt, t>eefng<the othsr eumem, pcrmi»«lon
for whomi pr«tti«Mieft th«r« had be@n given,
he -naked that It bb romovod.
"And'that Is why there in no picture of
that event, except as It wan mad© from
Imagination' or dcuci'lptlon.' a wtw n mat
ter of regret to those, who arranged for
what would have been a historical pie
turf, but they could not insist, and the
opportunity was ~ lostnoiftaw*nvwf*uita|Mi
• "I have never seen any explanation of It
given, .although no secrecy was enjoined,
so far as I know."— New York Sun.
Prevented . by an "Untoward
Occurrence.
Making of a Historical Photograph
INCIDENT OF HOOSEVEI/T'S
TAKING OATH OF OFFICE
William Buchanan, residing at 315 Tenth
street, applied at the General Emergency
Hospital at an early hour yesterday
morning for treatment for a badly lacer
ated condition of his face, which he
claimed he received by coming in contact
with a thug, who relieved him of his
spare cash. Buchanan said he was met
on Eleventh street by a lone footpad,'
who held him up and struck him on the
face, knocking him down and driving one
of his front teeth down his throat. The
matter was reported to the police.
Buchanan Claims He "Was Held Up.
The German festival and ball Jn Turn
Vcrein Hall on Turk street, given last
right under the auspices of Court Huber
tus of the Foresters of America, was at
tended by almost the entire membership,
and their families and many of their
friends. The affair was under the super
vision of H. S. Canaris. R. R. Heiden
reich, C. M. Kochel. E. Eoemer, P. Kam
enz and A. Schreiber, with E. Lampe as
floor manager. There wore a number • of
divertisements between dances, including
vocal selections from "Un Ballo en
Maschera" and "I Puritani," by E. Hesse,
late of ihe Melba opera company; an ex
hibition of fancy dancing by Miss Guy,
violin duet by Miss Roemer. and Mr."
Letroadoc, zither and guitar trio by the
Misses Spiegel, vocal solo by Mrs. May
Roemer, and burlesque selections by the
"Mission Band." Dancing was kept up
until a late hour.
Hubertus German Festival.
rullroftd aK*e»<pm<Mit. Now the delegn^pB
to the conventions cannot bo chosen be
fore the second Tuesday of. AugUBt and
tunnot assemble for nominating duty un
til the latter part of that month. It is
Paid that Alex Brown of Caluvcraa nnd
L. H. Brown of San Francisco, members
Ol the present Board of Equalization, are
ready to meet the issues nnd ilx the rail
road nssessment. no matter whut happens
politically by reason of their fiction.
The Phoenix Republican Club, Thomas
D, Riordan president and Thomas F.
O'Neil secretary, met last night at Scot
tish Hall and elected the following dele
gates to the convention of the California
State League of Republican Clubs' to be
held at San Jose April 14 and 15:
Charles F Curry (delegate at larse). Joseph
C. Campbell, George A. Knlpht, Thomae V
Eddy, James Baclgaluppl, Thomas C. llaher
Samuel M. Shortridge, Fred Danforth. John B.
Irish, II. H. Smith, William S. Wood, William
M. Howe, Joseph King. H. H. Lynch. •William
M. Kin?, A. A. Friedlander and Thoroaa Ktran.
MINT KMPI/OYEfl RECOM
MENDED BY 8ENATO1IS
FOR PROMOTION.
The preneiu members of tho State Board
of Kn tuiiim ?ii ,n w iu ink for ronomlna*
tlon. The petition will embrace Ueumer
and Toland, Democrats, its well as lirown
and Drown. Republicans. Tho .meniberx
of the. board, moreover, must show their
hands before the party convention tuisemp
bleu. Tho duty of adjusting the valuation
of railroad property must bo discharged
before the conventions meet. Beforo the
primary law went Into effect State nomin
ating conventions could be held in July
or August, and therefore the Equalisers
could come ¦ together and agree on tho
It is noted, moreover, that Democrats
or the war horse kind are very close to
the Gage administration. It is an open
question whether the last Harbor Com
n:!ssit>ner appointed by Gago is not more
of a Democrat than a Republican. In
J. mill's blue book ho Is rated as a Demo
crat. There is no doubt, hotvever, about
the political soundness of Thomas Kirk
patrick of th« Republican State Central
Committee, llln fealty to the party lw
vouched for by Dan T. Cole, who J« serv
ine hi* couptry in tho Mint. Th» oppor
tunity {h, therefore, pronented to Qnno of
having on the board one Klrkpntrlck of
undoubted Republican proclivities.
From aU accounts it appears that the
Governor does not intend to make special
hc;pte in the selection of Herold's Bucces
sor. Patronage expected is alluring to
many political workers, but patronage
distributed possesses a charm for only
one of the many.
Among tho aspirants are Thomas Kirk
patrick, member of the executive branch
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee; C. H. S. Pratt, Pilot Commissioner;
Frank Marston, a prominent Native Son;
State Senator Jack Tyrrell, and Sig Bett
man. As Herold is a Democrat the Gov
ernor encounters strong pressure in favor
of immediate selection of a. Republican
Commissioner. The hard work of listening
to everything said for and against the ap
plicants does not now wholly devolve upon
Daniel Kevane. The new Adjutant Gen
eral, George Stone, chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee, is ae
cessible to the expectant. During the
strenuous times of the long Senatorial
contest supporters of Burns were held
together by promises of patronage on the
water front. Many, if not nearly all of
these promises, remain unredeemed. Tho
clamorous seekers for a eign of redemp.
tion have been told time and again that
the Governor and the "colonel" could do
nothing as long as the Democrats had a
voice in controlling appointments. When
Colonel Kirkpatrick, manager of the Pal.
ace Hotel, was appointed to succeed Ma>
Jor Hamey the army of the promised
hoped that daylight would break, but the
push -was cast back into utter darkness
by the unwelcome news that Commis
sioners Kilburn and Herold had nailed
everything in sight for months ahead.
The same old story will probably be told
by the new Commissioner, whoever, he
may be. Now a new crop of. assurances
wlli soon ripen and promises will be as
thick on a water front job as autumn
leaves in Vallambrossa. ; ,' ¦'
The number of aspirants to succeed
Rudolph Herold on the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners is legion. Her
old's term of four years will expire next
"Wednesday. ' • '. -'.
Frank A. Pedlar, formerly postmaster
at Woodland, brother of Dr. Pedlar, IT. 8.
A., was an active aspirant for the office
of melter and refiner. It was expected
by many of his friends, among them
peveral of the hold-over State Senators,
that he would obtain the influence of Sen
ator Perkins. "When the news came from
Washington that the Senators had set
tled the contest in Gorham's favor he was
surprised, but the decision did not dis
gruntle him. The message conveyed the
information of his promotion to the posi
tion of assistant coiner to succeed Gor
ham. • „
p*TT««a E1.DGRAMS from Washington ro-
I reived yesterday by Frank A.
I Leach, nuperintendent of ¦ the
Jl rnftert State* Mint In thl« city.
announce that Senator* Perkins
nnd Dard have recommended th« appoint
ment of Chnrles M.-Oorham mclter nnd
raflner to fill th«» vacancy caimed by the
death of Alax Martin. T))i« recommen
dation nettles ft controversy. Tha com
n«ntation attached to the p»Kltl<>n in l>tooo
per Vcnr- Thonppolntment 1n renlly a
prtitnotlon, n» Oorlmm held tho ofllco of
uMlntant onlner «t n nalnry of J3<K)0 per
annum. He went Into the Mint mnny
ycurrt hko. when Boniitnr Sargent and
Frank I'nge were In position to lientow
Federal patronage in Onllfornln. He In a
brother of Ucorgo C. Oorhftm, who floured
cotiftpicuouMy in the early polltlcnl con
i< sin of this Stut r, and who wan defeated
for Qovcrnnr by H. H. Hnlght, nnd uub
fequently chosen secretary of tho United
8tate« Senate.
n«-c!tntlr>T>. "JViy WnntM." Carrie flrhu»»r
mrr: huttmroUB rrriifttlon, "Th* N«"w iintiy,"
Ml** tannin ;;.; vt..ij. o«>mrdlru«. "Urnniilp'n
Drturr." Kfttlilp«-ii lir>B«T» and Ullle lAirlna
Allen; rhnr&ctrr pkFt«-h, "Aunt s-.miii nn Blcy
elf*," "¦!•-¦ .!.¦:• i M.di. iii:tii..i. up i< '-ii.'iti'.n,
"A School D«y." KOipI M. Upton; ninn<iloirue,
"HonallM'* Kurrrtnlcr," Mi** Bojihle Lrvrnson;
sketch. "Two L.illle Coon*." written atnl nr
...-.¦•.¦,! by Mir* 8. E. <"ohan, Mabel Ar^ndt
¦ lid Milton lsjxin; moncilofrut". "The College
Girt." Bertha Auhcr: farce, "A Kalr Encoun
ter." Mi*» Sophie Lrvrnnon and Miss Julia
:•; ! . rradlng, m lected, Miss Helena 13. Cohan.
The pupils of M!?rt Pelena Coban'a
Ff hool of Elocution and Oratory arc pre
parine to give nn elaborate dramatic re
cital Monday evening, March Ifl. in Golden
Gate Hall. Tho programme will coneim
of humorous recitations, monologue*,
Chnrnrtfr ukrtchft* and a farce. The
pupil* who will taka part h&,v« twwm car...
tully drilled find It in fxpeeted that tho
recital will bo well Mttn.ndfd. The pr<»
(,i.itMiiK- which ho* Ikh'ii prepared 1» us
to Entertain With Humorous Reci
tations and Monologues.
Pupils of Hiss Selena Cohan's Schorl
YOTJTHTTJL ORATORS TO
GIVE DBAMATIC RECITAL
It is now practically admitted that the
iiev.s that Seymour passed through Seat
tle yesterday on his way to Vancouver is
ttnrcaliable. Seymour did not take a
north-bound train and unless he boarded
the overland gimply us a ruse to throw
people off his track, it is quite certain
that he is now several hundred miles east
of here.
It has been persistently argued by those
lUereEted In the solution of the mystery
surrounding the young prirl's death that
the copy of the Denver Post, which was
found in the room where the body was
discovered, would prove an important
clew if prcperly run down. It was a
paper that arrived in this city three days
cfter Kora Fuller disappeared. The copy
of the paper was received by a local rail
road man and subsequently turned over
to a member of the United Brotherhood of
Railway Employes, who was attending
the convention of that body, which was
in pession at the time of Xara Fuller's
disappearance. As there have been mys
terious strangling cases, similar to the
Xora Fuller case, in Denver, it Is more
than likely that the police have received
some clew which necessitated Seymour
poing- to Denver or thereabouts. '
¦ Much concern is felt in police circles
ever Seymour's whereabouts. Chief Witt
nian is remaining in close touch with his
office from early morning to late at night
in the expectation of receiving some word
from the Chief of Detectives, He re
mained at police headquarters until close
lo miCr.ighi last night, but no message
came from Seymour.
When he; left the city last Wednesday
mcrnir.g Seymour took the 7:30 boat
neroEs the bay and on arriving at the
rcole he was jseen to take the Atlantic
express. John A. Hammersmith, the
prominent Jeweler, and "several others
saw the Chief of Detectives boarding the
train. He carried a small* hand valise,
which was only big enough to hold the
few articles absolutely needed on a hur
ried trip. I*;
The indentions nre that Chlrf of De
tectives John Seymour 1* in Denver or
thereabout In search of Nora Fuller's
murderer or investigating a clew to his
Identity or whereabouts. While Chief of
Police Wlttnuj.ii retains an absolute si
lence on the whereabouts of Seymour, fe
j'using to deny or affirm rumon« as to his
route, there are several good reasons for
ihi advanced belief that Seymour has
prone to Denver.
Express.
Is Seen Boarding Wednesday
Morning's Atlantic
Probably Now in
Denver.
Chief of Detectives Is
SEYMOUR TAKES
EASTERN TRAIN
A writer in Science, reviews tho reeont
igiua of "Who'rt Who in America?" in tho
light 'of the distribution of celebrity
through t ho United States*. Tho book con*
tains 11,651 names choaen out of th«
80,000,000 inhabitant* of the country. Of
thnsii 11,137 reside in the United States,
the rest in forty-snven foreign countries.
Now York State It credited with 2843.
Massachusetts- with 1010, the District of
Columbia with 889, Pennsylvania with 880,
States. With New York
'., in tho Lead.
Distribution of Our Celebrities by
' Presidents other than Washington
whose faces have appeared on the stamps
are Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln, Oartleld,
Grant, Madison and Taylor. ¦ «. -
Of the stamps of higher values the 8
cent stamp now bears Sherman's picture,
the 10-cent stamp Webster's, the 15-cent
Clay's, the 30-cent Jefferson's, the*50-cent
Htami) Jefferaon'a, tho dollar stamp Per
ry'H, the }3 Madison'*, and tho |5 Mar
shall's—New York Sun.
WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA
AND WERE HE LIVES
Ever since Uncle Sam's postofflce be
gan making stamps, In 1847, or there
abouts, the | face ' of Washington has ap
peared ;on.-.one ; 'of the stamp's In , every,
regular Issue, and with a single excep
tion on a stamp of low value and general
use. ; Benjamin Franklin's face has al
ways' adorned postage stamps of low
value, and has thus become familiar to
people who send or receive letters ever
since 1S47.
As the regular series oi stamps', exclud
ing ¦ the -Columbian,- Trans-Mississippi,
and. Pan-American exposition. Issues, haa
now been in circulation with ouly slight
changes In watermarks and. the like since
1890, a change of some, sort is expected
soon, by philatelists.
If President McKlnley's portrait 'is put
on one of the' postage . stamps of this
country, as dispatches from Washington
have said Is likely to be done In case the
Postofllce Department brings out a new
issue, his- portrait will be the ninth of a
President, to be used in that way.
Only Eight; of the Twenty : Six Have
i ; . Been j Placed on issues • ¦
; So Far Made. ' •
THE HEADS OF PRESIDENTS
• ON OUR POSTAGE STAMPS
THE. SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY, 31ARGH 0, 1902.
Charles M. Gorham Wins and Frank A.
Pedlar Is Promoted Assistant Coiner-Many
Aspire to Herold's; Place on Harbor Board
SENATORS SETTLE FIGHT
FOR MELTER AND REFINER
25
f 0E ROSENBERG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBO'S. [ , JOE BOSKNBEBQ'B.
1 No -Tin Cans, No Crockery. I
j No Hair Dressing No Fortune Telling. 1
J No Music. No False Advertising. 1
I This store has never quoted, ridiculously low prices on a j
|:few items and exorbitant prices on others. >": I-
I RFAD THF^F ITPMQ P
1 Come and see if this is not the store that advertises FACTS 1
I jv >Money back if goods are not satisfactory. The small store
I r^ith -small prices- What others advertise you'll find cheaper here.
I * i ilose Supporters. Dewey's fmproved Dress Dress Shields.
i .wffc e h re m c Sre e » 2S5 i h n e d f SSaS2 and Corset Protector. | A gur S^ 3 ar f t, thft I
I CHILDREN'S HOSE SUPPORTERS fa'lIjIVuJ on as ' ST*? Im . |
ra —Made of llnest mercerized linen elas- W^ei "*^**r4.!t3CA a corset, and Hs »-«^ Bo id here.
Pa tic— velvet grip buttons attachments, 1P*"^ when worn un- „,_,,' _
51 which we guarantee will not tear the .^ der the garment « FIRST ~ f nlelda made of the very ?
S stocking; colors— blue, pink, black and will protect it as well aa the dres3 nne I} stockinet: soft, pliable, odorless, fc
*H white. ' ' V waist and sleeves from perspiration «neaiuni size; the regular 13c value; '
H Children's ...:...... 1Oc I 1 * 8 , j* u P? rior and cheaper than Dross n ° w ,*"" 7c
m ' Misses' '..'•..'.., . . ir»c Shields, being always ready to wear SECOND— Nainsook-covered Shields |
Wi T adtf^ 1 Tinip 'snppnRTrTK! with any waist. It is hailed with de- -lined with fine Para odorless rubber— !j
i The iklnd thkt y?M : climn on the oo7 Ilg . ht 5 y athletes and people who per- large size. Our way of selling 20c *
1 2S? IMsmlfdeSknc^FriuVelasTc X' SS 7 " = "° W t\
m with velvet grip fasteners; will reduce We a re the agents. Our pric? Coc SCISSORS t
1 lncVef d Our e prlco 0m - three to . f ,^J WISHING BRAID. • - That ltm cm _ |
I I AniPR- nnT l;< qiippnBTPB5 The new herring bone or/ feather CAsS»»»»" made of the very
m TJirP a ,t s _ UPp O RTE RS- stitch pattern; good, heavy kind that ifjr^ finest steel. « inches if
M ?, 6 «n m nv mmI Ib fi i ne Vi Bt . rO r S Sat " W « 1H stand washing; six .yards to a V long; different
la een, fancy frilled lisle elastic German piece ' ft«. st vies of hlarlpq s»nri Bl
H metal - buckles, with rubber clasps; ! &e h-indlea- rust nrnnf U
U colors-blue, pink,- black and white... HOOKS AND EYES. j For the best there is made here [i
H ..-. Uoe Silver and japanned; large and small your chance ". .^oc II
I Stout Woman's. Friend. '^S^JS^'S^^^Si saf ety pins.
i i\ THE FOSTER HOSE SUP- THIMBLES. Made of the best
M XL PORTER-It is made with a German silver, the kind that will not ' '«5A "eS wire- wed lo
H >Ci 7 id ? sate0 , n pad> ht S h , ha3 bl£ » ckpn color your finger; regular (ST . 1£3 points- the kin 1 I
0 UTZ>1 4 straps of mercerized elas- value 20c; our price „... 1O«. "' ' > < P" 1 " «• »°o •""{» }
B. y<£' tic. It is the. only supporter PE A nT Tmwnwn : n n?. ', I i k '
1' I 71 with a pad large enough to rEABL BUTTONS. ...:.- .-..n .i-««? .i«,.5 k 1 " pla o U:
H \/M hold, back tho abdomen, in- . Good heavy clear white kind; four large or sraaU Blzel>> dozen 3ts
M It U , Buring the wearer great com- holes; medium and large sizes BOOK FINS. • j
m I, l ' fort and yet improving the ••'• 5« dozen , -n, ™ . ..... . i
Fj // ilguro. The little storo with "DARNING COTTON Book Plns-niack or white plnsi. as- I
H )(/ little pricw rjOu £. vAJX lUIU. , sorted sizes; superior In quality; per t
fa ()U* l ouc The kind thnt will wash, and evenly book fcc I
R »« c threaded; rant t-olora; 3 balla for.... 5c t>at>v>-r f»T-KT« I
| Money Savers. corset steels. n\Tf SomSSad Pa er pm» V - t
& COIN PORSF^fi-aoo'd steel cluups, Erect • front Cor«et Bteela; , the n mall and°m*dlum nlznf^needi'o 1 poift.' I
m Iho kind thnt you cannot Jowe money ntniiBht front kJnji; runt-proof j best If you pay three times the price you i
I S^&SSSSS^S^SSSo can 8 . et no b .? er £: 5c
m ANOTJIlCIt: LADIIW COMUINA- NEEDLES. : >. ' , tCkf Ha#1I1 PfHQ ll
B TION PITU815, AND J'OCKETtlUOK— • MUwnrd'n- the hot EnfflUh maka< JCl IICDU ¦ III3« M
B Modo of tho beit uunlUy'Hcal Icuther- Mr <,>>,.„, P0 thpy can be tii'lly thr«n<l- BUty ln ft ho *' som1 BtCfl1 V^nUt; tho j
M ttxtra »tron« »t«v\ framu-iiuedo wther c«W papen for ........;.?.. liil. klr >* l»»»t will pin; per box lo
H 1 nod-color* tun, brown, ' black— n mA-nT< •.««¦».»_ „.,.!. 11
W ¦ A 'Mtunnlnff VHlunfor .-»(>« TAPE. - BONNET PINS.
M /\ •¦; NEXT-WRIST HAOB- Tho imtrnt nml untwlntlna kind: J*t-H*ndcd-the kind that will not I
li / \ Miiop of liPHt qimllty nuedft tmnhrlnkntile; Hsiiortcil widths In t* pull off: uteel pointed p!n«; «nv«n fl-
M (lIs^w^ lenthnr, utrona nlckel-plnt- lmnph: nvo piece* for 5«« inches long: the regular 10c kind; our M
M wCV^~ii3} <'il clinlii timl fnitno— loHth- DRUSirES . ' prleej per doscn :;«• }{
1 US w^.±^*."$*kV< Tooth, Hair nnl BOUQUET OR TLOWEIt PINS.
| QTJEEN.DABNEB. . «==^ M^S^K p^^a^iwiy. 1 "^ %%
U It l« all that tho namo cnlls direct " from th^ m«k* do * ctl *« [
H for— mudo of* hnrd wood, finely rrB nn j .pii thprn to vrm Tnnth TT A TTJ.-p-rw«t ' if
fj pollshed-wcl) Bhauod, Vo thut it can Mrueh good i«tlrt bristles hon.h^k • HAIIl:PIN . S « U
H be -easily huddled. It can be used for andhindle Our nrlp P u» ---**¦** ¦ Mn <** of ¦ harrt rnam- I
B darning gloves, hoso and underwear. V^re™ «rtA.nJf •««««'•' flfS8)L>w elcd wire; the kind th it I
J® Inspect them and you cannot resUt ANOTHER TOOTH BRUSH. a*5^cf*fN wi " n(lt • q ' i ri'trh or pull F.J
Kj -buying llH-m ut this price 8c Made of. extra fine picked bristles; tV^^Z^ y " ur hair - f "" r pack- 11
¦ VT"ur rp-NTTlTnv TTATR.DTTXTIT'R the brlstl es are patent fastened, ko USe^ 9 ' ages of hairpins in • ft
H JMi^W OJmJ.U.K.X iiALMttlMiJ&ix. thcy cann ot pull out: finely .polished . cabinet— cabinet ...'Z%c I
R «. fs+ ll is one of tho b ? ! * t lt£indIes - If you pay 50c you cannot csttttt TTAT-R.-PTWCJ .•V" 1 ' j
Si *} binders invented. \It get any better. Our price ........2o«* *>1±JUUU XUft.xxfcJTi.JN s*. i
H $?• «S»l does away with ribbon HAIR BRUSHE££-Good. stroni? • Three inches Ions, ' j j
N '^S or thread, which are bristles, the kind that does not get- • ¦ i> . made of good quality * j
m \fcc£ ruinous to the hair. It soft in water; solid back, of good ' hum Italian shell, flneiy ! ¦]
m *sjw£cal8»» is /clean, healthful and strong wood; round and square shapes; • f~~ finished and polished; ! |
kj , —it r wrr-- easily adjusted. It is extremely low in price, but not in *-*""' : crimped so they will l J
m: '.. adjusted by catching quality .....125« not fal1 out of the I
14 the hair at the back of the head and ' . . • hair; amber and tortoise color. Out > If
M clasping It with the binder. Made of CnmofhinT How tha Yaan Plaan Hmeh price, dozen lOc •" H
B the very best polished Italian shell. Joe oCdl^nillJ HEW, 1113 Keep-Wean BrUSll. ___ _.__*'. : H
H Rosenberg's price.... IOC , .^^ - Made of- solid T -HE LATEST. .H
ffl BELTS •• ¦ <^^='^T g^2?^ ebony wood back; A new Floradora turn-over hack M
M * rrv, . , felTTinfi^ n ° hoIcs to absorb comb, made of the best polished Ital- M
Bfl S3S&BBBSBBF3Z * * i J 1^ slr , al B"t -^ouu»*- the tlirt . composition ian shell; fine rounded tr*'th, that will M
» M^^d^^S !l on . ln : mude ,. of bribe. -.a setting: Jibaolutely unaffected not pull the hair: curved, and fits .kg
B 1 i j, 3 }. quality by water; with pure non-tarnishing firmly to the head; chic; and a won- %3
H-- " T nv p^. tucked satin; pointed aluminum face. -The peculiar way in tier for the money 25«r'""H
1 ' ? i u ped back V th which the bristles are held gives them nrrm tr* TT»-D-rivra M
H gun metal and silver gray buckles, an added elasticity; materially increaa- QniT HAIBPINS. f|
9 Our sale price. oOc Ing the durability of the brush. Worth The kind that will not tarnish: ¦« M
1 PBI2TCE HENRY BELT. its weight In gold for sanitary pur- heavy gold plated; fine and smooth IJ
I Made with tho new straight front poses - Our price.. J 50e finished; per box 5c ; I
I SS'Esll^'ES IfiF Rfi^FNRF Rfi 8I6 MARkET STREET> ' 1
a that will not crack. Joe RoscnberK's, Jf L3 B II IB BJ ¦ 1 1 LJ L. 11 IJ Running through to 11 O'Farrell. ri
to of course, for such low price as this • T- ." V^ . I]
| .....;..:........ 25e ' - Mai! Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. ;N
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Insures Love nnd a Happy Home
for All.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, ion
vitality, night losses, varlcocele, .etc,, and en.
largd small, weak organs to full elxe and vigor
Blmply • send, your name and address to l>r
Knapp Medical Co,, ia7!l Hull building, Detroit'
Midi,, and they will Kindly eend the free re!
c»lpt with full dlreotlon* so any man may
easily cure himself at home; . This 1* certainly
a. most - generous offer, and the following ' ex-
tracts taken from their' daily mall, *hgw what
men think of their neneromty, ' ,, ] "™
"Dear Hlmi IMmw Regent my vlneere thunHti
for ymtrp of reoent flute, I ¦ hava ajven your
treatment a 'thorough test and tha'-henertt ha«
been extrftordlnary. It has completely l)r<UH>rt
me up. ,1 am junt'm vlgoreua ar w\\«n t < b g y
Mill you cannot ronllne how happy I am," i . * •
"Dear Hint: 1 Your method worked benutl*
fully. Results 'were exactly what I needed.
Httfiigth itnrt •, vlgw have eonutletnly returned
snil tinlaraement In. entirely ifltlnfiietory,'?-.-'
"Dour tilroi Your" wai received* ami I had
no trouble In making u*e«of the. receipt bm di-
rected, niid can truthfully aity.u la a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved In tize
strength and ; vigor. 1 ,'. ".-..:
I AU correspondence is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, eeajed envelope.' The receipt
l« free for the asking and they want every man
to have It.
APVEBTI3EJEENTB.
ONLY A^UGGESfim
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that if one
¦wishes to become fleshy and plump it can only
result from the food we eat and dtgest. and
that food should be albuminous or flesh-form-
Jngr food, like eggs, beefsteak and cereals; in
other words, the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater part of
tur dally bills of fare.
= ** ? * • " .. .. ".' ' . ; ,-' ¦,• • ,.' i ¦ ,
i ',>',"• • • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦. . , . i .
But the trouble is that while we <at enough,
and generally too much, the stomach,, from
abuse and overwork, does not properly digest
and assimilate It. which Is the reason so many
people remain thin and under weight; , the di-
gestive organs do not completely, digest th«
Uefh-forraing beefsteak and eggs and. similar
wholesome food. I • ; (
There are thousands of such who are really
confirmed dyspeptics, although they may have
no particular pain or Inconvenience from ¦ their
stomachs. , '
If such perfons_ would , lay their prejudices
aside and make a regular practlcei of taking,
utter each meal, one or two of Stuart's Py«*
pepnla Tablets the fund would be quickly and
thoroughly dieted, because the»e tablet* con-
tain the natural peptones and dtastaso which
every weak nomaeh lucks, and by supply inn
this want the 1 stomach U soon enabled to r«"
Kill" its natural tone and vigor. r <;
tftuan'n Dyspepsia Tablet* dlKnut every form
nf fleph.formfiiff food, meat, egfr»i . bread uml
iwtMtitr*, and thi* li the reavon they m» uuickly
iiullil up, mn-iiKtht-M nitil luviKuniiM thin, uy«.
ticiitio wen. womrn and rhlldren, i * «
Invalid* iiinl chllilirn, i-vni Hm uioxt delie&te.
live ilii'in with rrmrked bnneflt, as they (uitutiln
no Btromr, irrlttttlnif drug*, no cailmrtlo hop
any harmful Ingredient, •
Stuart's Dynjiepiln Ti»blet« li th« most iiio-
rrrxrui and moitt widely known of uny remedy
ror momach truublen becauRti It In the moat rea*
sonuiilr nml cdcntllio of modern medicines.
Hlunrl'K DvKpctmta TuMpim ar o iiuKt by every
druKgli>t In the united RUtes uml ('mimlii, ug
well r* In ilrrnt Jtrlluin, at 60 cents for com-
plete trenttnent.
,NothlnR further is required, to • euro any
stemaclt trouble or to make thin, nervoug, dyg-
pcptlo people strong, plump and well.
GEAPE-NXTTS.
GOOD WORK.
Proper Food. Makes Marvelous
CtangCE. « -
Providence is sometimes credited with
directing the footsteps by so simple a way
as the reading: of a food advertisement.
A lady out in Shelbina, Mo., says:
"About, two years ago I was compelled to
retire from my school teaching because
I was completely broken down with ner-
vous prostration. -
"I Buffered agony in my back. My
hands and feet would uwell tip nights. I
was in a dreadfully nervous condition, Ir-
ritable, with a dull, heavy headache con-
tinually, had no appetite and could not
digest anytbins if I tried. I was unable
to remember what I read and was, of
course, unfit for my work.
"Some field I had consumption, others
eald dropsy. One day, a« If by provi-
dence. I read the tc8tlmonlal of a lady
whoso f>ymj>tomti were much the same as
tnino nnd wha told of Ju.w Qrape-Nuts
i:r< ii'. i.i-i in,,,', hud cured her, ho I con-
cluded tO 1 ! V it.
"I loft off the old-fashloncd bmikfant
and began with (J rape-Nuts, a llttlo fruit
and a cup of IVwtum Pood Coffee. That
was eiffht months ago and I have steadily
Improved In both body and mind, drape-
Nuts Urcakfact Food ha« done moro for
me than all tho medicine I have cvt>r
taken, and I am now well again and ablo
to return onro moro to my school duties
and ablo to do anything necessary ln my
work.
"My. mind Is clearer and my body
Blroiyrnr than ever before. Pleaee do not
publiFh my name." Name given by Pos-
tum Co.. Battle Creek, MlcJu
Made to Ordgr^T |
"Kyi
aweeR|Bf|
These suits canst!- Hi 1 I
tute the best tailor* HI If 4 fj
ing. tho very latest I I J I j
deilsna In cioth, nnd t ! j it
the nobbiest and most MB J j II
Jl a week proposition \j VI #1
In n Koo.l thin* for /ar^>*rv|l
you, and lit sntUfac* ™
lory to u.i. jl
A. B. SMITH CO., I
1S8 Bills 8t , Above Powell, 1 1
finn FrnncUco, Cat. 1 1The Prince's democratic " ways are
looked upon with ¦, wonder by a> society
which regards the person of a Hohenzol
lern as something almpst sacred. It can
not be here how v the Prince
could shake hands with unknown and ob
scure persons.' The incident of the Gov
ernor of Minnesota tapping Prlnc* Henry
on the shoulder and speaking familiarly
to him is related, with absolute amaze
ment. Yet there is hot, the least criti
cism of American manners, such # things
being treated •; as - quite proper under a
republic. ": .. •
Summing up the results of the journey,
not one of the papers assumes that it will
have great political consequences, but
nearly all of them agree that it will
cause a permanent and more. kindly feel-
Ing between .the two peoples, which is
precisely the result that could, do the
most good.
Some of the old Journalistic enemies of
the United States flnd.it difficult to re
strain themselves. amid this festive period.
The Kreuz Zeitung grants that the dem
onstrations are immense and that Ameri
cans never do anything in 'a small way,
but, the paper adds, "everything runs Into
the gigantic. Nothing more is really de
manded. Caring nothing for the Intrinsic
character of the achievements, the only
requisite is .to strike the eye and make an
imposing appearance. No deeper exam
ination is made." The editor thinks this
Is "due "to the democratic conditions,
where the crowd decides and transient
moods control politics."
Prince Henry's home-coming Is begin
ning to be anticipated. He will disem
bark at Cuxhaven, where, it is said, Em
peror WUliam will welcome him. The
Ulk cartoons the return of the Prince's
party, showing them leaving a train in a
dilapidated condition. Admiral von Tir
pitz yawning with fatigue- and General
von Plessen supported by a servant, who
calls for a doctor, saying, "Just back
from America." Lackeys are also shown
carrying bales labeled "Addresses." The
hospitality of the Americans to the crew
of the Hohenzollern Is referred to. as be
ing like that of a promised land, where,
If milk and honey do not- flow, there Is
wine and beer In plenty and everything
free when the men go ashore to a ball or
a theater, the .elevated roads, electric
cars and ferries all costing them nothing,
and it is further said that free beer is
even seen on board the Hohenzollern.
••He has acted. as a free, . modern man
among •free'men.without a trace of that
narrow-soulcd haughtinosa i ¦, which Junker
dom(regards., as • the' Indispensable etl
auette of rank." ; '¦•*.'''¦..'.• •' J
Prince Henry's tact, and ¦ good Jtense are
praised :herebyvall. the political groups
except the; socialists,' .who continie their
unpleasant' criticism, averring that his re
ception was simply "wealthy prostrating
Itself before inherited rank." '.'
BERLIN, March 8.— A . progressive
newspaper that usually is not a particular
admirer of tho monarchy -> finds t compli
ments for the way in 'which ;Prlhce Henry
has pleased 'the Americans. • Dr;Barth of
the Nation' says:
Democratic Customs in This
v Country Not Yet Un
" . derstood.
Prince Henry's Reception
a Puzzle in the
Fatherland.
YANKEE WAYS
AMAZE GERMANS
ITHACA, N. T., - March, 8.— At a ; meet
held on the outdoor track to-day A. "Wal
ton established .two world's/ records, run
ning the fifty -yard high hurdle ; In •' 6 1-5
seconds and the seventy-yard low hurdles
in 81-5 seconds. \ v, ; :
Establishes Hurdling Records.
LONDON. - March, 8,-The American
jockeys in England, express little hope of
"Tod".. Sloan's ; reinstatement on the turf
It is intimated among Sloan's frienda
that ho folio-wed Lord Marcus Beresf ord's
advice to apply for a license. and that the
Jockey Club is suspending its decision
pending a, reply from the Paris Jockey
Club concerning Its desires In the matter
Sloan's Appeal Still Undecided.
BUTTE/jMont., March 8.— Manager. Mc-
Closky; of the Butt© Baseball Club has
6igned George Treadway, who formerly
ptayed with the 'Brooklyn and Baltimore
teams. Treadway led In batting:, with an
average of .420 • and a . flelding r average of
940 last year with the Chicago: League
Club> :'-' ¦ "¦' ¦¦¦'¦ •¦.*¦¦¦ •¦¦¦' '^. ¦':¦ ••;•;-¦* ••
Butte Team ' Secures Tread way.
NEW : YORK, March 8.— At Padere
wski's second recital for the season in
Carnegie Hall this afternoon It was
demonstrated that the great master i3
still immensely popular with music lov
ers. Additional testimony ot this popu
larity Is afforded by the fact that for the
performance of his opera, "Manru," to
night, at the Metropolitan Opera-house"
not a single seat remained unsold.
Paderewski's Popularity.
PHILADELPHIA, March 8. — Jack
O'Brien to-day ' posted a $500 forfeit to
bind a match with Tommy Ryan of Kan
sas City for! the middleweight champion
ship of the world. O'Brien says | he • * is
ready to meet Ryan anytime before June
1 or after the hot weather, before the
club ' offering the largest purse. O'Brlen
says 158 pounds at the ringside is satisfac
tory to him. ...
Jack O'Brien' Is After Ryan.
NewvTrlal for Jessie Morrison.
TOPEKA, 1 Kans., March 8.— Jessie Mor
rison, who was convicted of second-de
gree murder for the killing of Mrs. Clara
W. Castle of Eldorado about a year ago,
was * to-day granted . a . new trial J by the
Supreme Court. The court,' held that
there was error in the impaneling of the
Jury which tried Miss Morrison. •.
Yes. It . may hurt the agricultural interest.
or what Is left of It, In England, but I do not
believe that this demonstration will be as
serious as the evils which the change will
correct. Not only Is it interesting to note the
Influence of the American system In these
sweeping changes, but tkey will have a tre
mendous negative importance. Last year the
Government dearly Indicated Us fears that It
might have to resort to conscription.
The present move banishes all possibility of
this, . for I understand Mr. . Brodrick Is willing
to go even further in copying the United
States' excellent treatment of enlisted men and
by liberal finance build up the standard of the
army. The Increase in pay means an addi
tional annual cost of about £2.000,000. but I
maintain ¦ that It will be a direct saving of
money. ¦ for • the better class of - men secured
will mean ' fewer . men In the hospitals and
prisons, - as : well • as obviating other forms of
wastage,, and will quickly make' up for the
additional Initial outlay. Some day, perhaps,
we may be able to adopt the sensible plan of
the United States of paying the enlisted men
of all arms atv the same rate. But traditions
here die hard. '
A year ago Mr. Brodrick pooh-poohed the
Idea of copying from the United States. Now he
has changed his mind and has done what the
majority of the members, of the House, re
gardless of party, believe to be the very best
thing that could have happened to the army
since Mr. Cardwell (in 1872) «ffected his
sweeping reforms. For the first time "Tom
my," with everytbingr "found" and higher
pay, will be In a better position than bis agri
cultural brother, and from that class we ought
now to get the best Instead or the worst.
Under the old pay we were gradually lower-
Ing the physical standard, yet still Uncling It
hard to get men, while our dese/tion percent
age was increasong at a rate which showed
there was something radically wrong- with
the system. The American array 'was the only
other volunteer enlisted boay In. the world
with which we could make' serviceable com
parisons, the Continental armies, owing to
conscription and other causes, being perfect
ly worthless as examples.
At last we have taken out a leaf from your
excellent book, though I do not believe we
have gone quite so far In that direction as we
might, or hope we may. Under Mr. Brod
rick's proposed changes, a private In the Brit
ish infantry now receives almost as much aa
a private in the United States army. With
this change, which I frequently advocated
while ' military attache at Washington, we
hope to get a class of recruits similar to those
secured In America.
LONDON, March 8.— Th© new army reg
ulations proposed by War Secretary Brod
rlck, providing for increased pay and
other . reforms, which have created so
much comment, appear to have been di
rectly copied from the United States. Ma
jor Arthur Lee, M. y., formerly British
military attache at Washington said to
day:
New Army Regulations
; Raise Pay of "Tom
my Atkins."
ENGLISH COPY
FROM UNCLE SAM
Thus ends an entire week of brilliant
golf, the most interesting and Important
season ever held on the links of Califor
nia,- or, in fact, west of ' Chicago. . Wet
grounds interfered with the pla.y and pre
vented high scores on one or two occa
sions during the week, but on the whole
the -weather was ideal for golf. The two
amateurs, C. E. Maud and Walter Fair
banks, the latter having just won the
amateur championship of the - Pacific
Coast, were well, up with the profession
als at the finish, being fourth and fifth,
respectively. .' Not wishing to sacrifice
their amateur standing, they forfeited
fourth and fifth moneys to the next near
est competitors. By this arrangement
fourth ' money was given to David Bell,
with ' a score of 337, while fifth money was
divided between A- S. Baxter and H. M.
Grindley, whose scores were 340. Follow
ing are the scores of the first eight play
ers in the order' of their finish: Alec
Smith, 314; Willie Anderson, 330; Willie
Smith," 331; ' C. .E. Maud (ainateur); 333;
WJ Fairbanks (amateur), 335; David Bell,
337; H.iM. Grindley, 340; A. S. Baxter, 340.
JliOS ANGELES, March 8.— Th« open
professional golf tournament was ended
with to-day's play at the Country Club
links. Alec Smith stands at the head
of the list of star contestants. His vic
tory* was comparatively an easy one, as
he was far ahead of Willie Anderson, his
nearest competitor.' ,'
Wins the Open Tournament at Iios
Angeles from 'Willie Anderson,
His Nearest Competitor.
ALEO SMITH IS CLEVERI&E
OF PBOFESSIONAL CrOI*TEBS
Embassador von Holleben, . Admiral' von Tlr-*
pltz. General "von Plessen, "Admiral "von Eisen
decker. Admiral von Seckendorff, Captain von
Mueller, Count Quadt, Captain ... von Rebeur-
Paschwltz, Lieutenant Commander » Schmidt
von Schwindt, Lieutenant Commander von
Egidy, Count von Seckendorff, Assistant Secre
tary of State Hill,?. Major General, Corbin, Ad
miral Evans, : Colonel- Bingham, ;' Commander
Cowles, Mr. and ¦ Mrs. Raymond Cutting, Mr.
and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mrs. Clarence
Mackay, Miss ¦ Bishop, Mr. and Mrs. W. D.
Sloane, Mrs. Royal- Phelps Carroll, Miss Bab
cock, Miss Iselin, Mrs. Gambrllle, Mrs. Jay,
Mrs. Cooper-Hewitt, Mrs. Alfred Vanderbilt,
Miss Thayer.^Miss Gerry, iMiss Sands, Mrs.
Parsons; 'Mrs.* Livingston, Mrs. Egerton Win
throp, Mrs. Corbin, Mrs. . . Rhinelander, , Mrs
Jennings; J. P. Morgan, Egerton -Winthrop,
Creighton Webb,' Stephen Olin, Heber Bishop
and Edward O.-.Wolcott. . ' . '
Mrs. Ogrden Mills gave a. luncheon and
reception Jn honor of the Prince .at' her
home, 2 "East Sixty-ninth street. Sixty
persons attended the luncheon, which be
gan at 1, o'clock, and about 100 the recep
tion, which followed. Calve,: De March!
and Gilbert of the Metropolitan Opera
Company sang; Franz Wilchz, .violinist,
played, . and Isador Luckstone, pianist,
accompanied the singers. Mrs. Mills' ta
ble was in white and gold. Prince Henry
sat at her • right and Mrs. Clarence
Mackay was at the right of the Prince.
Among the others at the table were: .
""Embassador von Holleben,- Admiral von
Seckejidorff, Admiral von Tirpitz, Captain
von Mueller, Captain .von Rebeur-Pasch
witz and Consul General Buenz visited
Columbia University to-day as represent
atives of Prince Henry, who. was unable
to make the visit in person. ' -: ¦¦/
Prince Henry breakfasted at the Wal
dorf-Astoria at, 9. o'clock In. the morning.
After breakfast he sent Lieutenant Com
mander von Egidy of his suite, to Grant's
tonib to place a wreath on the tlead Pres
ident's sarcophagus. The ¦ wreath was
nearly nine feet in , circumference, was
made almost entirely of laurel and was
tied "wl tli broad purple ribbons. ; "
Schurz was followed by President Nich
olas .Murray Butler of Columbia Univer
sity, Frederick W. Holls and Rudolph
Keppler. One of the most enjoyable fea
tures of the evening was the singing of
well-known songs, including a number of
German and American selections, by an
especially trained chorus of 100 of the
Lelderkranz Club. At the close of the
dinner Prince Henry retired to his apart
ments in the hotel. , :
Wreath on Grant's Tomb.
And what has become of the goading and
nagging attempts to stir up 111 feeling here and
there, ascribing to the German ' Government
designs to intrude as a 'land grabber Into the
American sphere and attributing to us here a
ruffianly Itching to see In conflict the new war
fleets of the two countries — as if such a com
bat were . only a football game between col
lege students, i Has not every sensible person
long ago dismissed these goadings as puerile
twaddle? Likewise the well-worn legend of a
threatening antl- American coalition of ' the
Continental powers of Europe at the begin
ning of our Spanish wax — a coalition said to
have been under the leadership, | or at least
participated In by Germany, from which dan
ger some mysterious Providence had to save
us — has recently died a somewhat inglorious
death. • ¦,-..¦
The* speaker reviewed what German
born citizens had done for the Union dur
ing the Civil- War, referred to the sympa
thy of Prussia with the Union cause,
spoke of the present friendly, relations of
Germany and the United States, and con
tinued:
Carl Schurz was the next speaker and
his address was loudly applauded. He
eald in part:
I shall not tire you with long historical dis
quisitions, although to what in these days has
often been said, many fair words might be
added about the lively sympathy with which
Frederick the Great and with him all thinking
Germans greeted the American .war of inde
pendence and the entrance of the American re
public in the family of nations — in one word,
about the historic fact that the birth of the
German-American friendship was contemporary
with the birth of the United States and that
it could not therefore be possibly older than
It is. I would rather confine myself to that
period of our history of which I have myself
been a living witness.
The Prince was then presented to the
diners. He wore the dress uniform of a
German admiral and spoke in German.
His address was very brief. He said the
reception he received to-night was a new
and additional proof of the friendliness
and enthusiasm with which he had been
received and regarded in every quarter of
the United States he had visited. He ex
pressed his deep appreciation of the dem
onstrations of friendliness and kind feel
ing. He declared that he thought the
German society would do much toward
extending and improving the kindly senti
ment.
At the conclusion of his speech Schwab
turned and presented to Prince Henry a
beautiful album on behalf of the city. He
then proposed the health of the Prince
and called for a "long may he ' live,"
which was responded to' with great
warmth.
Gift to the Prince.
The visit of your Royal Highness Is now ap
proaching Its end. You have left a lasting
Impression among all the people with whom
you have come In contact, through your
friendly sympathy and your kindly greeting.
We venture to express the hope that you will
retain an agreeable Impression of your short
presence among us Americans, and I therefore
request permission to. present you on behalf
of the German Society of the city of New York
with this album, which we hope will contrib
ute, to ward keeping alive the memories of the
few days that you have Epent in the United
States. The German Society of . the city of
New York wishes. your Royal Highness a long
and happy life and a happy- return to your
dear ones.
Our society celebrates this evening the 118th
year of Its existence. It wad founded In the
flrat year of the political independence of our
country. Its flnst president was General von
Steuben, the friend and adviser of Washlnsr
ton and one of the great actors In the Revo
lutionary War. Ha was followed as president
by men of high standing and reputation, whose
names are Identical with the history of our
city. I refer to such names as William WIN
merdlngr, Jacob I^orlllard, Philip Hone, John
Jacob • Astor, Fblllp Blsslnger and Charles
Hauselt. ,
When our nation was * still weak, and the
population of the city was still small the Ger
man society took part In the year 1704, as a
body, In the erection of fortifications on Gov
ernors Island for protection against external
enemies, f or ¦ at that time a new war with
KiiKinnd was threatened. In the minutes of the
noclety we find an ,*ntry of that year accord-
Ing to which all members of tho society, with
their president at the head, and with muslo
and flags Hying, marched down Broadway to
Whitehall, where they took a vessel for Gov
ernors Island and there worked "during the
day under the direction of the engineers and
of the Mayor of the city In the erection of
earthworks. During . our Civil War the Cter
man ¦ society ehowed its patriotic sympathy
through the collection of money and provis
ions for the sick and wounded soldiers of our
armies.
dent Schwab proposed a toast to the
health of the President of the United
States, which was drunk standing. He
then proposed the health of the German
Emperor, which called forth three lusty
"hochs." Schwab said: ' ¦ "
Bishop Mery du Val Will
; Probably Succeed
MartineilL
Son of a Spanish Embassador
•Said to Have Been:
¦ Selected.
5, Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
ROME, March 8.— The Pope is said to
have expressed his Intention to send
Bishop Mery du Val as Apostolic Legate
from the Vatican to Washington, in suc
cession to Cardlnel Martinclll.
Martlnelll's term of office expires In
May and it had been hoped that an Amer
ican would be selected for the legateshlp,
but the next prelate undoubtedly will be
from Italy.
Bishop Mery du Val Is the son of the
Spanish Embassador to the Vatican, and
Is an Intimate friend both of the Pope
and Cardinal Rampolla.
Mery <Ju J Val • Sr. has represented the
Spanish Government at the Vatican for
many years and his eon has been attached
to the papal household at different times.
President Compliments an Actress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 8.—Pres
ident and Mrs. Roosevelt had as guests'
at dinner to-day Secretary and Mrs.
Root anji Senator and Mrs. Lodge, and
Mr. and Mrs. Brooks Adams. Later the
party attended the final performance in
this city, of Maude Adams and her com
pany In "Quality Street," at the New
National Theater. At the close of the
play the President personally compli
mented Miss Adams.
Proposes Thanks, to Schley.
WASHINGTON', . March 8.—Representa
tive Perre to-day introduced a resolution
extending the thanks of Congress to Ad
miral Schley for his sen-ice in the battle
of Santiago, July 3, 1898. He presented
also a Joint resolution . of the Maryland
General Assembly requesting the Senators
and Representatives in Congress to - U3e
their utmost endeavors to secure such
action.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Prince
Henry was the guest of the G«r
man Society of the city of New
York at its annual dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria to-night. • •
The Prince entered the small banauet
room on the Thirty-third street Bide of
the hotel about 6:30 o'clock, accompanied
by the members of hia suite in their uni
forms. He was received by President
Gustav II. Schwab. of the society and a
•ub-committee consisting of Hubort Qil
litj, William Klenke,, Adolph Rathbath,
Ralph Trautman, E. M. Blnghard, Juliu*
A. May, R. von der Emc and Edward
Benneche. He remained in the room some
time, conversing with the forty-live mem
bers of the general commUtee on recep«
tlon and entered Into an animated con
veraatlon with Carl Schurz. Those of the
Presidential delegation present were Rear
Admiral Evans, Adjutant General Corbin
and Colonel Theodore Bingham.
,The large banquet hall was beautifully
draped, over the. guest table being two
immense German and American flags
around the German imperial eagle, which
was studded with electric • lights. All
around the hall were German and AmerU
can flags and blue banners with the
names of each State of the Union. The
table of honor was burdened with Ameri
can Beauty roBes and srallax. The other
tables were liberally provided with flow
ers.
There" were 750 guests in the hall when
Prince Henry was escorted In by Schwab
and the reception committee. All arose
and loudly applauded the Prince. With
the Prince and Schwab at the guest, table
were Carl Schurz, Admiral " von. Tirpitz,
Professor Nicholas Murray Butler, Ad
miral von Seckendorf, Admiral Evans,
Rudolph Keppler, Captain von Muller,
Count Quadt, Hubert Glllis, Captain von
Grumme, Commander Cowles, Edward
Uhl, Consul Geissler, Captain von Egidy,
the Mayor of New York, General von
Plessen, Frederick W. Holls, Admiral von
Elsendecher, Assistant Secretary Hill,
Admiral von'BaudissIn, Adjutant General
Corbin, Consul General Buenz, R. C. von
der Einc, Colonel Theodore A. Bingham,
Captain Schmit von Schwindt, George
Ehret, E. L. Boas, Captain von Trotha.
I<oyalty of the Germans.
" There were approximately 1000 guests
at the dinner, 250 of whom . were accom
modated In the Astor gallery, which ad-
Joins the main banquet hall. The dinner
in the large hall was concluded at 10
o'clock, after which v the overflow from
the Astor gallery wis admitted. Presi-
The United States Embassador, Andrew
D. White, has gone to the Riviera with
fcis wife and daughter. They will be ab
eent six weeks.
Distinguished New Yorkers Gather at the
Banquet Board: and Sound the Praises
'of ; i Nation" the ' Represents
POPE DECIDES
ON HEW LEGATE
GERMAN SOCIETY HONORS
BROTHER OF THE KAISER
Lawmakers Discuss Tax Measures.
FRANKFORT. Ky., March 8.— The low
er house of the General Assembly to-day
struck out of th© revenue bill all of the
proposed Increases of the rates of taxa
tion of life Insurance companies doing
business in Kentucky, allowing the pres
ent law to stand. The House adopted a
section assessing an annual tax of one
eighth of 1 per cent on' the capital stock
of corporations doing: business in Ken
tucky, which have offices In other States.
It reaches the corporations organizing out
of Kentucky tor secure the protection ot
the Federal courts.
Creditors Attach a Gun Plant.
DERBY, Conn., March 8.— The plant of
the Driggs-Seabury Gun and Ammunition
Company was attached to-day in the sum
of $S5O,00O. Service wa» made on the Dep
uty Sheriff in charge of the property, as
a result of previous attachments. Th©
attachment to-day was made at the In
stance of J. D. M. Grosvenor of New
York CJty, the vice president and sec
retary of the Drlggs-Seabury Company,
and the papers state that the proceedings
are brought to secure money loaned.
THE SA1* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ MARCH 9, 1902;
"The first installment," said a member
of the Hohenzollern's crew in a letter to
his home, "was forty casks. Our only
business is to drink. The city meets every
wish of the crew immediately. Twenty
eight invitations- were received for the
entire crew of the Hohenzollern, which
can only be accepted after the flrfit fes
tivities in honor of the Prince are over.
The brewers almost quarreled for the
privilege of sending us beer, and the
wagons carrying it were made especially
for us and were painted in 'the German
colors, the drivers wearing a German
livery. You would scarcely . believe what
the ' people offer us." ¦
26
> ADVEaTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE; TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write. v
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able" remedy are being mailed to all who
•*will write to the state Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and physical
> suffering '.of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and . all men who suffer ' from
any form of. sexual weakness resulting:
from~youth£nl folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varicc-
ccle or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. "
The remedy has a peculiarly' grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to » tho desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
, It cures all the ills and , troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
.functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request 'to the State
Medical Institute, 328 Elektron building
Fort Wayne; 1 Ind., stating that you desire
one'of their' free trial packages, will be
complied with' promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching; that great ¦. class of
men who are unable. to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how. easy it ia to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. . Any man who writes will
be sent 'a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so. that .its recipient need
have . no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. "' . ¦ ¦, .
I B.KATSGHINSKii
y PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. j
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
j LADIES' FRENCH HEELS,
1 Lace or Button,
I REDUCED TO $2,45. | jj
I! Now don't coma looking for
,| these shoes the latter part of th©,
H -week, but come Monday. They are
fa bargains, and will be snapped up.
1 1 ' No greater offer ever made the
B trade before. Shoes made by the
U leading manufacturers of America:
y that always sold at $5 a pair, wilt
t\ be sacrificed at $2 45 a. pair. La-
tl dies* Imported Vici Kid, lace and
>\ button shoes, with kid cloth or
M embroidered vesting tops, coin toea
i I and tips, hand-turned soles ami
j French stitched heels. Reduced to
r| $2 45. "We have the following sizes ~
H and widths: \
II AAA— 4 to 7V> B— 2^ to 8. [
fl * AA-3 to T%.' &=£% t0 8 -
|j a— 2&to8. I>-2% to JYz.
1 3 e— 6 to 7%.
0 "We have every size in some style,
B but not every size in every style.
n SOLE AGENTS FOR THE GLO-
f I RIA S;j.r>0 shoes for ladies. There
1 Is. BUT ONE best, and the Gloria s
]\ is THAT ONE. S
1.1 Made up in any style, in every j
?| material, and with turned or welted
|1 . soles. v ''-"v- v
g COUNTRY ORDER3 SOLICITED.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. §
W IO THIRD STREET, ,M
y • San Francisco. i]
A Disease More Deadly /'^1^^'w^
: than- the Serpent's Sting'
. The poison concealed in the fangs of the rattlesnake ri^tv^%W\
is not more terrible in its effect upon the human system «8lr ISrfeX file!
than the virus of Contagious Blood Poison. The Rattler -JjSST ] S?J
gives warning before he strikes, but Contagious Blood 3£ S^*£&JffiM k >?JUi&v^vS
Poison does its deadly work so quietly that the victim i * xar >^^£2L^^lr^mi:- r: ' •'
remains in ignorance of its presence until a suspicious little sore. upon the body shows where
this treacherous enemy, has Droken through and poisoned every drop of blood in the veins.
Soon the constitutional symptoms begin to manifest themselves; the glands of the groin
enlarge and inflame, skin eruptions in the form of small red pimples and pustules, or copper
colored blotches of various shapes and sizes appear. Sores and ulcers break out in the
mouth and throat, and the tonsils swell and ulcerate, producing deep and ragged ulcers, often
eating out the soft bones and destroying articulation of the voice for life. There is no con-
ceivable injury to the human body that this; vicious demon cannot inflict.
Contagious Blood Poison is too violent and dangerous to be trifled with. Many have
beeir lulled into false security by the promise of a DESPERATE CASE
speedy cure, or assurances of .the harmless nature ;:" ««,«»«« ™ v JT
f .i." 7 j. '¦ . , , . , , , ,, .- CHICAGO, March 27th, 1301.
or this disease, but experience must teach them, if* z had contagious Blood Poi»oa in a most a«ra-
nothing else will that Pnntacnrm* "Rlnnd Pnisrvn T * t8d form « * ad x Buffored **• > pr *» test to *tur« *ad
IlOLlimg CiJsC WlU, mat V_OHtaglOUS r>lOOa JrOlSOn palix f OT many ion* month*. Thre» of the beat
will never yield to mild or shallow treatment. The to J m la * hi » c **y treated me, but their madicin*
•^ L - , , '-.,- , failed to even drive away too aorw from my body.
pOlSOn mUSt be Completely eradicated from the I had rrown almost desperate over my condition.
system, and the blood thoroughly purged and puri- S^? ££J^?^wJK?t£iZ i !Z
fled, and the life of - this venomous serpent crushed g™**™ %?£%»£ S£i 1 35 "."££ 1
OUt before a lasting CUre is effected. have taken about one dozen bottles of 3. 3. S., and
So o • i.? i j.* j i. £ rs i • there is not a «or« or blemish of any kind on ray
. O. O. IS tne Only antidote IOr ContaglOUS body. You would never think that I ever had the
"R1/w1 Pnisnn Tf rtactrwire +1ia virnc rmrifl*»c fh»* disease, a* I am as stout and healthy looking aa
isiooa roispn. ,.. it. aestroys tne virus, punnes tne anybody . i wi n always recommend s. s. s. to tho«e
blood, and cures thoroughly and permanently every need * nar * * 1( » od p? r "i«- • _ bii^y oobdon.
£ ¦ ' j . > . 1 • i ; .m V t» ne* 834 S. Halstead St., top flat.
form and stage of this horrible disease. For fifty ,
years it has been recognized as a specific for this loathsome form of blood poison, and no one
should despair of a cure, however desperate their condition may, be, for S. S. S. searches
out and removes every vestige of the poison from the- system, invigorates the general
health, and you are never after humiliated or embarrassed by its presence.
Mercury and Potash are the basis of every other remedy prescribed in blood poison
cases, and the effects of these drugs are as disastrous in the end as the disease itself. They
S^^5^ ijpwssj|t ma y drive in the sores and skin eruptions, and the
//J^^eSl deluded sufferer believes the disease is gone forever,
8^^/^* I but the old symptoms reappearing show the cure is false,
that the snake has been scotched, but not killed, while the
l^skZ^ B j^. *^l B Mercury has left you with aching and decaying bones,
%^***\<Jf F^^ly spongy gums, ruined digestion and Rheumatism. . We
offer $1,000 for proof that S. S. S. contains one particle of
Mercury, Potash or other mineral. It is a strictly vegetable medicine, and a safe and reliable
remedy for Contagious Blood Poison.
Write for our free book on Contagious Blood Poison, which contains much interesting
information about the different stages, symptoms, etc., of this disease, and by following
the instructions given in it, and 1 keeping in correspondence with our Medical Department,
you can cure yourself at home. We malqe no charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
• OT3W ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
Secrets of Personal
Magnetism Laid Bare
Thousands ol Dollars' Worth of BooKs on Personal Magnetism
and Hypnotism to fie Given Away by a Noted
Philadelphia College.
Hon. James R. Kenncy o! Pennsylvania, Chairman o! the Committee on
Distribution. .
Every One May Now Learn All the Secrets o! These Mysterious Sciences at
. His Own Home.
Hon. JAMES R. KfeNNEY, of Pennsylvania.: <¦'
Ex- Mayor of Reading, Pa., noted orator, author and scientist. -;,-; v^
"I can honestly and conscientiously say from my long experience in
' dealing with people and from my personal acquaintance with many of the
! most prominent men in this country, that there is no other thing which will
I help one so much in life as a thorough knowledge of Personal Magnetism,"
says Hon. James R. Kenney, "and for this reason I accepted the chair-
manship of the committee on distribution of works on' Personal? Magrnet-
ism and Hypnotism for the American. College of Sciences of Philadelphia.
:i^--.*;< *The real secrets of Personal Magnetism and Hypnotism have always
i been Jealously guaried by the few who knew them and \ kept from • the
masses of the people. One who understands these sciences has an inesti-
* mable advantage in the. race of- life. I want to put this information in the
, hands of every ambitious man and woman in this country.
"The American College of Sciences has Just appropriated $10,000 to.be
used in printing books for free distribution, and if this does not supply
the demand it will appropriate $10,000-more. The books are absolutely free.
. They do not cost you a single cent. - . : , '
"Tell me what kind of work you. are engaged in; or, if. sick, the dis-
ease from which you suffer, arid I will send you the. book which will put
you on the : road to success, health and strength. It matters not how sue- j
cessful you are. I will guarantee to help you achieve greater success. The
work which' I will send you is from the perfs of the most eminent special-
ists of N the country; it is richly illustrated with the finest half-tone en-
; gravings. and is intensely interesting from. start. to finish. . It has been, the
means of changing the whole current in the lives-xtf -hundreds- of -persori3
who were ready to give up in despair. • You can learn at. home in' a few "days
and use personal magnetism in your daily work without the knowledge of
• your most intimate friends. You can. use it to influence others; you can use
It to keep others from influencing you. You can positively cure the mo3t
, obstinate chronic diseases and banish all bad habits.
"If you have not met with the business or social success which you de-
sire; if you are not successful in winning and holding friends; if you are
Eick, and tired of taking drugs that do not cure; if you care to develop
your .memory cr any other mental faculty to 'a higher state of perfection;
or,. lastly, if you wish, to possess that subtle. Invisible, intangible power that
ew ays and rules the minds of men, you should write me to-day and let
me" send you a free copy of our new book. . It will prove a revelation to
: you." Address JAMES R. KENNEY, 18 M:, ; Commercial ; Union . Building I
: 'Philadelphia, Pa. ... *'{:"¦'.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CAUSE OrHEADACflE!
One Very Common Cause, Generally
. ' \' ¦ Overlooked.
Headache is a symptom, an indication ot de-
rangement or disease In some organ, and the
cause of the headache Is difficult tq locate be-
cause bo many diseases have headache as a
prominent symptom : . derangement ' of the
stomach and liver, heart trouble, kidney j dis-
ease, . lung trouble, eye strain or . 111-flttlng
glasses air produce headaches, and If yro could
always locate, the organ which is at fault the
cure of obstinate headachea would be a much
simpler matter. ! " ., ,
However, for that . form . of headache called
frontal headache, pain back of the eyes and In
forehead, the cause Is now known to be catarrh
of the head and throat; when the headache Is
located In back ot head and neck It. is often
caused from catarrh of the stomach or liver."
At any rate catarrh la the most common
cause of such headachea and the cure of the
catarrh causes a prompt ; disappearance of the
headaches. : ¦'
- There Is at present no treatment for catarrh
so convenient and effective as Stuart's. Catarrh
Tablets, a new Internal remedy in tablet form,
composed of antiseptics like eucalyptol, gual-
acpl and blood root; which act upon theblood
and cause the elimination Qf the catarrhal poi-
son from the system' through the natural 'chan-
nels. ( . .
I Miss Cora'. Alnsley, a prominent school
teacher in one of our normal schools,; speaks of
her experience with', catarrhal headaches^ and
eulogizes Stuart's Catarrh Tablets a* a cure
for them.' ~ She says: :{"I suffered daily from
severe frontal headache and | pain in and back
of the eyes, at times so intensely as to Inca-
pacitate me In my daily duties. I had suffered
from catarrh, more or. less,! for years, but never
thought It was the cause of my headaches, . but
finally -became convinced that such was the
case,' because: the headaches were always worse
whenever I < had a cold or fresh attack of; ca-
tarrh.. . .:¦ j . ¦¦ : . ../¦ .•• -..'¦,
/ "Stuart's Catarrh' Tablets were. highly rec-]
ommended to me as a safe and pleasant catarrh
:cure, . and ' after using a • few i nf ty-cent- boxes
which I procured - from my druggist, I was sur-
prised and delighted, to find that both the ca-
tarrh and headaches had. gone for good." . : , v
: Stuart's Catarrh -Tablets are sold by . drug-
gists at fifty cents per ¦ package, under the
guarantee of the proprietors that they contain
absolutely no cocaine (found in so many catarrh
cures), -no: opium (so common In cheap cough
cures), nor any .harmful . drug. .They contain
simply. the wholesome antiseptics* necessary to
destroy and drive from the. system the germsEASTERN YOUNG WOMAN OF WEALTH WHO IS AT PRESENT VIS
ITING SAN> FRANCISCO AND WHOSE FAD IS COLLECTING RARE
• AND EXPENSIVE BOOKS. .
Potrero-Avenue Sewer.
The Supervisors' Street Committee has
requested the City Attorney to pass upon
the tenders made to the Board of Works
by Samuel Bloom and R. R. Hind to sell
to the city all their title to lots of Pre
cita Valley lands as a right of way for
the extension of the Potrero avenue
sewer southeast to Army street.
Ambrose Miller, alias J. C. Webb, alias
George Thomas, was arrested yesterday
morning on the Barbary Coast by Detec
tives Whitaker and McMahon and locked
up in the City Prison. He was arrested
on a dispatch from Pueblo, Colo., where
he is wanted on a charge of burglary. He
is a colored man.
"Wanted in Colorado.
NEW YORK, March 8.— The following
Californians have arrived:
From San Francisco — J. H. Miller, W.
R. Berryman, at the Imperial; Captain
P. L. Hillyerr~at the Broadway Central;
Mrs. Campbell, at the Victoria; C. Can
tor, at the Colonnade; H. Wangenheim,
Mrs. H. Wangenheim, at the Savoy; L.
Gassner, at the St. Denis.
From San Jose— L. Cutting, F. Man
telle, at the Sturtevant.
Californians in New York.
Louis Marks of Marks Brothers has
returned from his semi-annual trip Kast,
•where he visited all important manufac
turing centers In the Interests of his firm.
A. L. North, who superintends the ship
ping of fruit in Southern California to the
East, is at the Palace.
H. A. Frencb, manager of the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce, is a guest
at the Palace.
The Rev. J. N. Goss of North Bangor,
N. Y., is at the Grand, accompanied by
his wife. .
E, B. .Burns, a mine, owner -of Gold
Beach, Or., is among the arrivals at the
Grand. •
Ben C Steinman, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is spending a few days at the Pal
ace.
A. Ottinger, the ticket broker, has left
for an extended business tour of the East.
E. H. Tryon and wife have returned
from a_ six ¦weeks' toar of the Kast.
Ex-United States Senator D. N. Sabin
of Duluth is registered at the Palace.
E. Magnin has returned from a visit to
! New York.
Clarence Eddy, the famous organist, is
' at the Palace. '
'- A. L. Nichols, a merchant of Chico, is a
guest at the Grand.
I. Dannenbaum, a merchant of Vallejo,"
, Is a guest at the Lick.
\ W. J. Dickey, a banker of Fresno, is
! among the arrivals at the Lick.
PERSONAL.
Bert Schlesinger of Denson & Sehlesin
ger, special counsel for the Government,
replied at length, cittcg authorities to
show that the position ta^en by Mr. Col
lins was untenable and impossible. The
matter was then submitted and will be
decided at an early date by - Judge de
Haven.
Objection was made to the third count
because, as Mr. Collins claimed, it al
leged embezzlement, but did not allege
tliat the defendant, Walter N. Dimmick,
committed the crime.
The objection against the second count
was that Dimmick was accused of hav
ing taken and used the money "as clerk."
He. had a right to take and use it "as
clerk," the words meaning that he had
authority so to use It Hence, argued
the ingenious attorney, the allegation in
the same count charging Dimmick with
embezzlement is repugnant to the alle
gation that he used the money in his ca
pacity as clerk and by authority of such
office. •
He argued that the words "then and
there" should be repeated in each count,
otherwise it might be assumed that the
acts charged were alleged to have been
committed at the time of the finding of
the indictment. The next point raised
was with reference to -the manner in
which the amount is mentioned, being
"1500 double eagles or 20-dollar pieces."
Mr. Collins contended that the words
could be taken to mean "1500 double eagles
or 20 cne-dollar pieces." To be explicit
the sum should have been stated to be
"1500 double eagles or 1500 twenty-dollar
pieces" he argued.
The Dimmick case came up again
before United States District Judge de
Haycn yesterday, this time on demurrer
to the Indictment charging Walter N.
Dimmick with the theft and embezzle
ment of $30,000 from the United States
Mint. George D. Collins, attorney for
the defendant, made a fine-spun argu
ment on the pointj relied upon to wipe
out the indictment.
Says $20-Pieces May Be Re
• garded as Twenty One-
Dollar Pieces.
Attorney Collins Splits
' -Hairs for His
Client.
DIMMICK FIGHTS
THE INDICTMENT
The Independentf True Bible Spiritualis
tic Society and Church was Incorporated
yesterday. The. directors are Mrs. M. M.
Maxwell, J. L. Kotter, C. S. Kotter and
A. L. Swan.
Spiritualists Incorporate.
Edward J. Garson, who claims that he
was knocked down, and run over by a
team driven by Dr. E. J., Creely, atthe
corner of Scott and Bush streets, in April
1901, filed a suit for 520,000 damages
against Dr. Creely yesterday. In his
complaint he alleges that he was injured
internally. ¦ -J^S^&^mm^^mM^
Sues Cieely for Damages.
When the case of William. Buckley, con
victed of the murder 'of George W. Rice
at Twentieth and Howard streets on Oc
tober 11, was called in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday afternoon the Judge
granted the attorneys for the defendant a
continuance till next Friday to argue
their motion for a new trial. Friday they
asked for a two weeks" continuance. The
case of Charles Donnelly, also convicted
of Rice's murder, was continued till the
same time for the game purpose.
Buckley Gets Continuance.
The case of John H. Decker, dentist,
charged with passing a fictitious,' check,
was dismissed -by Judge Cabaniss yester
day.. He was accused by John Loupi, pro
prietor of the Pup restaurant, with pasa
irg a check upon him for $60 which was
not honored by the bank. Loupi told "the
Judge yesterday \ that . Decker had paid
him the money and he would not prose
cute the case. • V\ J , •—';-, A-' \~
Decker Has Paid" TJp.
The event was an annual masquerade
ball. The hall was packed to its utmost
by the merry crowd. Sixteen prizes were
given to the dancers/ One of the events
of the evening was a prize waltz, the
prettiest dancers -taking: a prize.
J. Moller '.acted as floor manager and toe
committee" on arrangements ' were— H. G.
KorelK P., Jorgenseri.J. Jorgenseh,- P. An
dersen, P. Poolsen, Mrs. Holm, Mrs. An
derson, Mrs. C. "W. Hansen, Mrs. P. Du
pont and Mrs. F. Jensen.
An; enjoyable evening was i spent last
night at Union Square Hall by the -Dan
ish Brotherhood, Golden Gate Lodge No.
49, and the Danish Sisterhood, Mar
garate Lodge No. 2i. , '
hood Lodge Margarathe Enter
¦ ' tain Their Friends.
Brotherhood Lodge No. 49 and Sister^
In Judge Cook'a court H. M. Thornton,
charged with grand larceny for stealing
$S0 from H. S. Denton on January 22,
pleaded guilty, with the consent of the
District Attorney, to a charge of petty
larceny, and the Judge sentenced him to
six months in the County Jail.
Frank McCaffrey, convicted of petty
larceny for stealing a watch from Dennis
Clark, an insurance agent, was sentenced
to six months in the County Jail.
Two defendants who were convicted by
Juries in Judge Dunne's court appeared
lor sentence yesterday. F. A. Cornelius,
saloon-keeper, 440 Pacific street, convict
ed of simple assault for striking Frank
Smith on the head with the leg of a
chair, was sentenced to pay a fine of $60,
with the alternative of thirty days ip ths
County Jail. The fine was paid.
Two Get Six Months Each in Jail and
Another Is Fined Sixty
Dollars.
Annie Berlin is suing Samuel Berlin for
maintenance. She filed a suit yesterday
in which she alleges that her husband has
failed to provide for her for the last year.
They were married in March, 1899. .; •
A suit for divorce on the ground of
cruelty was filed yesterday by Florence
E. Machiado, against John F. Machiado.
A suit for annulment of marriage was
filed by Hans J. Lunvaldt against Louisa
Lunvaldt yesterday. Lunvaldt claims
that when he became the .husband of
Mrs. Lunvaldt in July, 1S09, she had a
husband, from whom she had never been
divorced, in the person of Brlzzilio Jihinni.
riage — Mrs. Berlin Sues for
Support.
Piles Suit for Annulment of His Mar-
LUNVALDT SAYS HIS WIFE
HAS ANOTHER HUSBAND
The windows are being painted by the
best-known artists and the glass doors
bear the Board bookplate of the Statue of
Liberty, having the motto of liberty elab
orately inlaid, with true American patrio
tism. Every book is provided with the
steeel engraved bookplate in the same lib
erty design. Mrs. Board is as enthusiastic
a lover of art as of literature and is pro
curing the choicest ornamental arts of
Japan, together with ceramic and Clois
sone arts from the Orient to grace the
library walls. Mrs. Board also possesses
autographed editions of famous pictures
which are much envied.
While many book lovertf hesitate at
paying $10 for a single volume, Mrs.
Board . will have only the best of any
thing and frequently pays S150 arid $100
per copy. It is stated upon good author
ity that her set of Samuel Richardson
represents $2000, as it contains twenty
volumes at $100 each. Every book in the
library is a Bibliophile edition, and when
her original collection was ordered a pub
lisher made a special trip to Europe to
CONVICTED PRISONERS
RECEIVE SENTENCES
Artists Decorating "Windows.
nRS. JAMES LEWIS BOARD of
Port Huron, Mich., and New
York City, at present at the
Palace Hotel, has just issued an
order for books to the extent of
$50,000, to be placed in the handsome
library of her Michigan summer home.
Mr. and Mrs. Board spend a great deal of
their time in travel, but they especially
seem to like their home in Port Huron
and spare no expense in adding to its
magnificence. .
The new library is the latest acquisi
tion and when completed Will be the
pride of the Wolverine State., The pres
ent library of the family is already the
finest in the State of Michigan, but it is
destined to become the best in the world
before many months have elapsed. The
very rare collection of books is now con
tained in the Board mansion, but a new
building is being erected on the grounds
in which the volumes will be separately
placed. The new library building is a cir
cular-shaped fireproof structure in Kiosk
style of architecture, the decorations of
which are the most original and artistic
that the masters of to-day can produce.
SONS ; OF, -DENMARK GIVE
' ¦: 1 AN ANNTJ AL j \ M ASQUEBADE
In addition to being a literary enthusi
ast, Mrs. Board is most hospitable and a
charming entertainer. She has only re
cently-come to ¦ San .'Francisco to escape
the cold weather, but. • has '•; entertained
most lavishly in Chicago, New. York, and
at her summer home in Port Huron,
Michigan, where she' is loved as much as
she is admired. ;>..-. , -
Mrs. Board is the wife "of a mil
lionaire, formerly of the G. A. Cros
by Company, Chicago, who indulges
his wife's artistic tastes in every
possible way. It is as unusual as it ia
gratifying to find a woman so young and
beautiful as is Mrs. Board thinking seri
ously of the benefits to be derived by the
study, of the fine arts, and she sets an en
viable example for the women of America
and Europe.
Indulges Wife's Tastes.
Among the choice books is a set of Kip
ling autographed by Mr. Kipling and
bound in raw Japanese silk. The new
order will. add many valued works to the
lot. One set or Gautier alone is valued
at $4500. The Waverley novels are bound
in full double levant, hand-tooled by
Lowndes in London, costing $1630. . The
edition of Schiller and Goetbe, of which
ten cNopies were limited to America, is se
lected by Mrs. Board, whose twenty-four
volumes represent $3500. A set of Napo
leon, Bourlesne's production, costs $50 per
volume.- The finest edition of Ruskin's
writings is to cost $1000. Burton's "Ara
bian Nights," a very rare edition, repre
sents ?2000. The Edinburgh edition of
Robert Louis Stevenson is of great value.
Five hundred dollars is being expended
upon a set of Tennyson's poems. A very
fine edition of Muhlbach Is among the
prized copies of the master works, as well
as a beautiful and costly set of the writ
ings of George Eliot. In a few months
the new Kiosk library building' will be
completed and at that time the $50,000
worth of new books will be added to the
present rare collection, making it the
choicest and handsomest private library
in the country, and, in fact, the world.
Bindings Are Elegant.
secure bindings and illustrations in care
ful accordance with the taste of Mrs.
Board. All illustrations in the books are
done in genuine water colprs.
The Labor Council is In duty bound to pro
tect ¦ the Enterprise Brewery. Should saloons
or restaurants discard Enterprise beer on ac
count of this boycott, the Labor Council will
consider such action as unfair to union labor
and act accordingly. We trust, however, that
the boycott will be a complete failure, thus
proving to Its originators that the people of
this city disapprove of unfair methods.
ED ROSENBERG. Secretary.
W. H. GOFF, Chairman.
Executive Committee San- Francisco Labor
Council. - |
When the settlement of these lockouts and
strikes was brought about last October, no set
tlt-ment could be made for Bottlers' Union 102
because the latter. In violation of all trades
union rules at^d practices, had in the past kept
a reserve force of bottlers whom it did not ai
low to join the union, but who were given
employment through the union otflee when work
waa busy and laid off when it became slack,
or a union bottler wanted the place of one of
these reserves. Because the national union
and the Labor Council gave the bottlers to
understand that now that their practices were
known to the national union and the Labor
Council, they had to be stopped as jeopardizing
the bottlers' conditions and discrediting the
union movement at large, the then Bottlers'
Union No. 102 refused to obey the orders of
Its national, which had paid to it more than
?U000 in lockout benefits, and in duo coursa
was suspended and its charter canceled. Bot
tlers' Union No. 2!>3 was then formed from
members of suspended local No. 102 and from
bottlers who had been refused admittance to
local No. 1U2. but who had been allowed to
work with union bottlers as "reserves."
Violation of Trades Union Rules.
as to the causes which led the National
Union of the brewers and bottlers to suspend
Bottlers' Union No. 102 this only need be
said: During last year's strikes and lockouts
the Labor Council had requested all those
unions who were not Involved to keep their
members at their own work, being careful not
to do the work or' trades locked out or on
strike. In violation of this request, and with
out the sanction of the union, the secretary of
Bottlers' union No. 10-J called out the bot
tlers irom the Gambr.nus Bottling Works be
cause some beer had been taken to these works
by non-union teamsters. That caused the
lockout of all the bottlers, except in the En
ttrprise Brewery, which refused to lock them
out. . - . • • -• .
The Building Trades Council has ordered
since March i a strike of Its affiliated un.ons
against Carpenters" Union No. 48J because
that union insists in remaining loyal to the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners
and because It attiliutcs With the State Fed
eration o( Labor and the Labor Council. The
rtason the Building Trades council give3 tor
such a strika Is that the Building Trades
Council torbids any building trades union to
belong to any other central body; that the
Building Trades Council shall have control
and say as to the action oi building trades
unions. Claiming this lor itself, the Building
trades Council takes up matters entirely out
of Its sphere and jurisdiction and levies a boy
cott on a union brewery. The injustice, nav
the absurdity of this acUon is plain . anil
palpable.
We trust that' all fair-minded people will
Ignore this boycott as unjubt and as tending
t.o disciedlt the efforts of the workers to im
prove-their conditions. If employers granting
union conditions to members of bona fida
uno.ns can be boycotted for no cause by out
side parties, employers will naturally oppose
all unions. t
The Enterprise Brewery, which has been
and is one ot the best union breweries of this
city, which was the flrst to adopt the. union
label and the nrst to give eight hours to its
brewers and bottlers, signed a few days ago
I an agreement with Bottlers' Union Mo. '£>(,
the proprietors desiring to continue the use
of the union label both on keg and bottle beer.
i The agreement guarantees eight hours, fair
wages and exclusive employment of union
botclers. For this the Enterprise Brewery la
• to be boycotted by the Building Trades Coun
! cil. ' --
First to Adopt Union Label.
The Enterprise Brewery, a strictly union
brewery, has been- placed under boycott by the"
BuiiiLng Trades Council. That council, com
posed oi building trades unions omy, has no
grievance against the Enterprise Brewery for
violation or any trade rules of Ha affiliated
unions. The boycott is levied, as stated, by
the Build.ng Trades, Council in behalr of« Bot
tlers' Union No. lo^, a .union wnich has been
suspended by its national union for open and
continued violations oi the orders of the na
tional union aud tor practices which tended
to involve all ot the brewing trades in senoiib
disputes with their employers. The 1 Labor
Council also suspended that union. The local
executive committee of the United Urewery
Workmen, composed of unions of brewers,
drivers and bottlers, received charter No. 2l»o
for the reorganized bottlers. Therefore Bot
tlers' Union ts'o. 203 Is the only bona ttde union
of that calling.
The Executive Committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council met yesterday
afternoon and prepared a statement
aglnst the action of the Building Traces
Council taken last .Thursday night in
levying a ; boycott on the Enterprise Brew
ery. This action on the part of the ex
ecutive committee was taken in accord
ance with instructions issued by the La
bor Council. It ia asserted in the state
ment that the Enterprise Brewery is a
stanch supporter of the unions and that
the boycott against it is unjustifiable
The statement is as follows:
Says It Is Levied for a
Bottlers' Union Without
¦_ Standing.
Labor Council Condemns
Building Trades
NEW SKIRMISH
IN OLD FIGHT
- ' ¦ . ,¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ S . •- . -
THE SA1S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
Mrs. James Lewis Board Adds a Fortune in
*:¦ Books to Already Magnificent Collection*
. All to Be Placed in Her New Library
OWNS ONE OF THE FINEST
LIBRARIES IN THE WORLD
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.. Iff ¦ CELEBRATED
teh. STOMACH g»
To strengthen your stomich it is
impossible t? find a better medi.
cine ihan the Bittern. It nukes the
digestion normi!, bui'ds nerve tis-
tue and tones up the entire svs-
tem. Try it lor Belching, Flatulency,
Dyspepsia and Insomnia.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WtLL-TRtED REMEDY.
MRS. \VINSLOW».> ¦'.SOUTHING SYRUP
has been us°d for over SIXTY YEAHS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHIXG. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS, ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is ¦ the best remedy for DLAR-
-BHOEA. Sold, by Druggists In every part of
the world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S KOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
TO THE PUBLIC.
jire^fT%%. I have been wonder-
j#^FnL-.-a fully cured of fits and of
«£v^ - *vl hlp troubl * by th* fa-
V2%;> Diuus herb doctor, Wonx
V535 >3t r Him. ot 113-117 Mims
tg£ / f t., S. F". I wa3 nearly
*fi : j'S?**v > / dead when 1 came to
fxtySm 1 blxa and the fits I had
jHyfefc-A^ • wt re dreadful, but 1 ant
J^^ry^ J^tow enjoylns perfect health
now. 1 can tell any on.
**T%1otM» ot the wonderfu; cure.
1 he has ir.ade for mm.
I come from Meridian, Sutter County. Cal..
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me ot all
my ailments. MRS. CHAS. K. DOTT.
Meridian. Sutter County. CaL
January 21. 1S02.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. C. 100O. — T.> whom
It rnay concern: This In to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 11.V117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cored me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make thU
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
In every sense of the word, and an honorably
man In all his dealings. DR. C. A. OAT.
Dentist. 0C2 Second ave., Seattle. Wash.
December 15. 1900. — This Is to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my Jtft
tide. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him at
115-117 Mason St.. San Francisco, and now
after six month? of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this In mjr
appreciation cf Dr. Won? Him, and that other
tufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad t»
certify to this in person to any one that maj(
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AX.L.ANSOI*.
Orchard ave.. Klmhur»t. Alanuda County. Cat.
Weekly Call,$1.00 pep Year
Co!ds.
For a cold in the head take a tea-
spoonful in a half glass of water every
hour— also inhale the vapor of the medt-
cino — a cure in a few hours.
Grip.
For influ-
enza or grip
0t*£rf^^ I there never
f$X\ ! vvas a medi-
cine that
a/ j -t cured suffer-
YpA if //jS L j ers so quick-
/ A ¥>- A~ 4/&==Jm J y or satis-
V'&^^^W factorily.
\nPP?> J And there
ft\ IB k never will
\\£ji9 be * for Hal '
/^ • pruner's does
|T** j^^\^v ¦ it at once
j I J "* and does it
jfiifia ¦ right — no
any more than
that. Take a tea- S~TK
spoonful in a half / xfi>)
glass of water or — /£\V!#\
milk every hour — fC^^^xwDl
also inhale the va- \TOT VVlWJ
por by pouring a \My \
drops on the \VjL_A. \*js<\
hands and holding \W^n^v2!^*^A
under • the nose. \u\j; Mil^N J
Relief at once, a yjjH^gSL HI
cure in a day or ~^ISTtL i|/
Catarrh.
For catarrh in
the head it gives
relief at once by inhaling the vapor
or--sprayingthe medicine in the nostrils
— cures in a few weeks by taking it in-
ternally. You must know that you
can't cure catarrh right off — it's a tena-
cious complaint and requires persistent
treatment.
Don't let Druggists Tcfk-.You Out of It,
All druggists sell Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
>^ — 50c and $1 a bottle — the dollar size containing three
times the quantity of the small size. Some druggists
i ' tO&l may *r v to talk you out of Halpruner's Wonderful
I //jSv€9S©£T Medicine — may tell you all sorts of things about it —
I I ¦/r'&5tHY\[^ they simply want to sell their own preparations^ — prep-
' lhwpA\r^'ii"v\^'' ' ara^ ons niade in their cellars or back room, upon
I WU'W&Ju *¦ ' which they make large profits, and it is large profits
1 \^^j\at[f\ rather than your good health they care about.
3 Pi»i$ll ' \l \ e d ru 2gists should not have n%
\ Wt&sj l\\ Halpruner's on hand, or should try v-J i£/L_
[j tgl&Prf / • \ to ta 'k you out °* i*' RO to the next f*%j/Mff/l\
>^§!< drug store and demand Ha!- x'l&r^l h\
¦ •^ s **-*^ People living out of San . Fran- ti-\\^f
cisco desiring Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine, if they /jl I IVf
cannot find it at their local drug stores, may send direct to /( \ \ \ Ml
Halpruner Med. Mfg. Co., 28 California St., San Fran- // \*\ \ \\ll
cisco. Cal.. and the medicine, will be sent prepaid upon f/h \\ \J\\I
Trial Treatment Free, '
Rheumatism.
For rheumatism- rub HalDruner*s
thoroughly into the painful parts^ — use
it freely, won't blister— keep up the rub-
bing several times a day. Take the
medicine internally every two hours —
removes the -pain at once — cures in a
few days — removes the cause.
Sore Throat and Lungs.
For sore throat, bronchial troubles
and chest pains gargle with Halpruner's
diluted in water — two teaspoonfuls in a
half glass of water— let it soak well into
the membranes of the throat, also rub it
in well from. the outside — almost instant
relief.
Bruises.
For bruises, sprains, burns, etc., rub
the medicine in the painful parts^ — sat-
urate a cloth and bind about the sprain.
Neuralsin.
Neuralgia — rub ' L^|
Halpruner's UfpS* 1
where the pain is, j t ~P^\
take it internally I s - n^/7'i «
as well — some C^n 3tT / I
folks saturate a |§ir^uS>i]i
cloth with it and hTrLf J ft
lay it over the uZ. "" 1
pain, then put a y« Sijr "'¦
hot water bottle 4^.| X .
over this. How- - *-•.""-
cver^ this treatment may blister, but it
Painful" Feet.
Sore, itching, aching feet — bathe the
feet in very hot water and rub Hal-
pruner's in thoroughly.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •'
PHalpruners Wonderful M edicine
should be in every home all the time for
the many little ailments and sicknesses
and aches and pains that are constantly
annoying folks about the house.
f Halpruner's is. a harm- (*%&*
less medicine — won't hurt \2^v
even the smallest child. It !&brf\
is so compounded that it v$M fjSrvA^ WHl
heals and cures almost /^j|pA>^; til!
Halpruner's allays and V=*_^s/ -^/JAPl
soothes inflammation. \Jtvg //}[K \ \
withdraws pain, drives U V^/'^^/lM »
out the cause of the WgBjP^
trouble and helps nature v-^rTjiji \
Halpruner's is good for many things, End people who suffer
ough: to have it.
Dr. Halpruner will Rive sufferers a will recommend the diet and mode of
trial treatment free every afternoon ex- Hying you should follow in order to
cept Saturdays and Sundays, between I give the medicine a better opportunity
and 4 p. m., at his office, at 28 Califor- to quickly cure you. You are welcome
nia street. v.^' to call at Dr. Halpruner's office. Do
Dr. Halpruner is glad to have suffer- not think you are imposing upon his
ers come to see him. He charges rioth- time or that he will charge you for it.
ing for this service, and uses no other Sufferers who cannot come to the of-
medicine but Halpruner's Wonderful ,fice are requested to write, stating full
Medicine,. because he knowsit will cure: particulars of their case so the doctor
if it will not cure your particular case may intelligently inform them of the
the doctor will gladly tell you so. He best method of treatment.
Halprnner Medical Mfg. Company, 28 California St, S. F.
m Expert opticians to serve |a
11 Factory on premises. }M
m One of the few places where n
Hi proper attention is given to Wj.
1| the fitting of glasses. S
64 2^Market St. ¥
TT\ T> TT OTirC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
O K U O rl ii O er *« bootblacks, bath-
JJllUUllUk/ houses, billard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, . flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansere, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-rcofers. tanners, tailors, etc.
ttUCHAiNA.N BRO3..
Brush Manufacturers. 633 Sazramanto St
E :;}
MARKETS!". S.F. >a«^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Piles Cured
After 3© Years.
Thos. E. Wood. 818 17th St, Sacramento,
Cal.: "One 50 cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
permanently cured me of pllen. For 30 years
I suffered: underwent a frightful operation,
nearly died but failed to cure. I was unable
to walk when I tried Pyramid Pile Cure. The
first application relieved me.' All druggists
sell it. Quickly cures every form of piles. Book
free by mall. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption ana
healthful, regularity. • - ' . '" ''¦¦'_
¦ For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, -Biliousness, Con-
ctlpation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. KADWAY & CO.. New Tork. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
it) TWENTY-FOUR HOURS.
COUGHS
VVh'ch w;ar you out,
COUGHS
That keep you awake
sll nizht.
COUGHS
that make the lungs
COUGHS
Which irritate the
Vtiroat and bronchia!
tubes. .
—
All you have to do is to carry the little
H\O2JEI inhaler in your mouth while at
work during the day, and on retiring pin
a small piece of flannel saturated with
HYOMEI to the night robe. On the
morning of the third day the cure is com-
plete.
The germs causing catarrh, bronchitis
pnd consumption can be completely eradi-
cated In a few weeks by the «ame treat-
ment.
Croup is cured in sixty minutes after
the tost inhalation.
If you tfoubt this, send to The R. T. Booth
Co.. Ithaca. K. Y., for a two days' treatment,
Tree, or purchase an Outfit from your druggist.
The Inhaler and first bottle cost $1.00. The
Inhaler will la>t a lifetime and 50e per month
¦rfU purchase sufficient of the new germicide
to eive you a treatment three times daily. If
it doe? not cure, your money is refunded.
American Wireless Telephone
..and Telegraph Co,
THE PARENT COMPANY OF
AMERICA.
This Company owns the T_T. S. ART or
BASIC PATENT for transmission oi Elec- '
iriciil Communication without wires and
has IT ether wireless patents.
A limited amount of stock is now offered
for nuMic subscription (par value $10.
FULL PAID AND NOX- ASSESSABLE) at
$81° PER SHARE
PfilOE WILL BS ADVANCED SHORTLY
PROMPT SUBSCRIBERS WILL RE-
CEIVE THE APPORTIONMENT SCK1F
DIVIDENDS of 25 per cent each, declared
by the Company May 7. May :.'S. June 13,
July 10. October ol and November 15. of
the New Kngiand. Federal. Northwestern.
Atlantic. Continental and Pacific Sub-
Cr-mpanies. who have placed 25 per cent
of their capital slock Sn the Parent Com-
pany's treasury to be divided among its
stockholders as 25 per cent scrip dividend.
Make all subscriptions payable by check,
draft, express or money order, registered
letter, etc., to the order of the Company.
Asierie:n Wirtlesi Telephoae &nd Telegraph Co.,
1315 Arch St., Fbiltielptii, Fa.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and /
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to S.L Louis.
.
Personally conducted excursions via th!» '
route to Chicago. New York, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and iu'A
information address %
1*. M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Agent,
128 California ft., San Francisco, Cal.
The "Dr. $kz ~?fc, A 1 d e n Electric
Belt" (wtth 5?CV>~ ¦ u e p e nsory) ia
guaranteed .. to possess all the
curative properties cf the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of -electricity and ia
•aeily regTilated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT, cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Post et., San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tork.
fPA CNICHEeTCR'S ENGU8H
teRYROYAL PILLS
EJ _/£-v Orl»ln»l and Only Genuine.
W- e 7/ i 9tVS.BATT. Al«r»»i reliable. Lmdlok ut Drmnf at
>J\ «* CHICHKSTEK'S K^GLLSH
{fS^'.&CVA in UED mat fcold msuM'-c bou*. aealcd
j?V — -\»*y wilL L:D * rlt ' bo0 - T»t« to other. Betas*
T?1 *H> *£j Da«ceroma &ub»Ut«t!on« end Iralt*.
I / , fJT Uoi«. Ba/ of year Cracgin. er wad 4c ia
1 •¦ rZ • t *o>P« tot Particular*. Tcotlraenlalfi
\9* fr> «<» "R«Jl#f fer Ladles," mU«er. t/ r*.
•A. ¦ if tatm Mali. I «,«*»« Intlsocitf. (laid b*
U«U« UlU t *vm. Ua^lsm. &««&». FHLi. tfZ
,« ¦<*««. - Bf £ Ol»« cca-polecnorw
JrjtEi!&£25S)iZ*R remedy for Gonorrhoea.
'SW3 Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
iSSUr CURES^Kf White*, unnatural di£
f I lc 1 to S d»ym. VI chaxgeB, or any infiammfc-
C4b¥ Gtarfcoued i» ** tioa, irritation or ulcera-
V-, rff FrtTeat eooi*jioa. tion of xnxtcona xneza-
nWW\ u# "• *• j&Si by express, prepaid, for
TnffnBfci ¦! frf^Y! t 1 - 00 . or * bottle*, firs.
T» > H Circular »ent oa request.
SUMMER RESORTS.
BAY STATE MOUSE.
SANTA CRUZ. CAU— MARCH 1 MRS. L.Y-
DIA MATHISON will open the Bay Stata
House and Cottages for the season, newly fur-
niFhed and refitted. Those who know the lady's
¦wide reputation for good cooking will readily
understand that the table will be the chief
feature of th* menage of the Bay State. The
house is beautifully situated on Beach Hill,
close to the bathing beach. An attractive hums
for either the summer or winter at moderate
•ates. Open the year round. For terms ad-
dress: MRS. LYDIA MATHISON. Bay StaU
House and Cottages, Santa Cruz. Cal.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. < "
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
Jf TVH * r«l 9°° Battery Street.
• t- W IL3UK g t'J- . Telephone Main 1804.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. RflYFS rt f ft EhiPPln* Butchers, 104
4 A J- XMJ I C3 g V/U Clay Tel Matn 1204-
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1718.
PRINTING.
EC RIIfiffF^ PRINTER.
W- UUUUE3. Bll Eansome St.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JtrDD CO.,
23 Flrtt street. San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.Ink or rust may be removed with lemon
juice followed by salt.
Cafe Zinkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. •
Many a pretty face is distorted by. poor
ly adjusted glasses. The Berteling Opti
cal Company, at 16 Keamy street, have
always succeeded in arranging frames'
artistically as well as fitting glasses sci
entifically. Our refractionists are also
students of physiognomy. An artistic and
ii'telleetual air can be given to the feat
ures by our experienced .operators. The
Bertelir.g Optical Company will always
maintain its high standards. •
A Pretty Face.
Mrs. Marie Bonnard, C2S Geary street,
swore nut a warrant in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday for the arrest of Con
ftant Bonnard. her divorced husband, on
a charge of threats against life.- The
Borm.ii-ds were divorced about eighteen
months ago in Santa Rosa. Since then
Mrs. Bonnard alleges her former husbar.Tt
has been sending her threatening and
abusive letters and going to the -place
whoe she Is stopping and showing a re
volver, with which ho declared he would
kill her.
Threatens Divorced Wife's Life.
Removal Notice.
Kirk. Geary & Co.. dealers -in cameras
snd photographic supplies, who were for
merly located at 220 Sutter street, have
opened a modern store at 112 Geary street,
with an entirely new line of goods. Cus
tomers and their friends are Invited to
visit the new store and inspect the many
npw and novel instruments which have
just arrived. •
Governor Gage, Brigadier General George
Stone, adjutant genera! ; Colonels Newton S.
Banghaxn. assistant adjutant general; John
B. Wright, chief engineer; Francis E. Beck,
paymaster general; J. T. Harrington, Judge
advocate general: Wlnslow Anderson, surgeon
general: Thomas Wilhelm, V. S. A., inspector
rifle practice; Lieutenant Colonels John S.
Young. William D. Sanborn. Frank McLaugli
lln, Jeff E. Doolittle, Herbert Choynski. George
H. Plppy, John <". Klrkpatrlck. K. W. Run
yon, Robert ICortham, Samuel' J. Hendy, Reul
D. Robbins. Charles Sonntag. F. A. Vail,
Randolph II. Miner, commander naval militia.
The staff of Governor Gage tendered a
banquet last evening at the Palace Hotel
to Brigadier General George Stone. The
gathering was a most enjoyable affair;
the menu was choice, and the toasts bril
liant. Those present were:
Hotel in His Honor..
Enjoyable Gathering at the Palace
GENERAL STONE BANQUETED.
Coroner Leland will hold an inquest.
Isaac was a member of the Knights of
Pythias. •
I. Solomon Isaac, do hereby want my brother,
.Tames S. Isaac, to have all my belonRlnirs
from the Journeymen butchers, as Dora Is not
my legal wife. She has no claim on me, as
«he has never been divorced from her husband.
I also direct my brother to go to 743 Tehama
street and Ret my clothes, and I want you
to pay Dr. Selln $10 and a mail by name of
Somers $4. and Harris ?2. Also take silver
watch lying on the table in the room.
On a table In the room was a note writ
ten In German by the suicide. The fol
lowing is a translation:
Solomon Isaac, a journeyman butcher
obout CO years old, committed suicide last
Friday night In a lodging-house, . 1314
Stockton street, by inhaling illuminating
sras. tandlord P. H. Mayonnave found
Isaac dead in bed yesterday' morning with
one end of a piece of rubber tubing in his
mouth and the other end fastened to tiw
g;ns fixtures. Isaac engaged the room
on Friday night and was a stranger to
the lodging-house' people.
His Wife.
to His Brother and Disinherits
Leaves a Will Bequeathing Property
SOLOMON ISAAC ENDS : —
HIS LIFE WITH GAS
The Grand Court of California of the
Exalted Degree of the Amaranth, an or
ganization formed in this State live years
ago, and composed exclusively of mem
bers of the Order of the Eastern Star,
¦will hold its annual session in this <ity on
Wednesday and Thursday next, in Golden
Gate Asylum. The bu?ine?s of the two
days" session ¦will be 'conducted by the
representatives of Coprt Janesville Xo. 1
of Janesville. Lessen County; Court Gold
en Crown Xo. 2 of Pasadena: Court Cres
cent No. 3 of San Francisco, and Court
Los Angeles No. 4 of Los Angeles.
The present elected grand officers are
Lady A. L. Ballou, royal matron; Sir
Florin C. Jones, royal patron: Lady Mar
garet Bemis, associate royal matron;
Lady M. G. Dunn, grand secretary; Sir C.
T. Sommers, grand treasurer; Lady L.
Cunningham, grand conductress, and
» Lady Ella Williams, associate grand con
ductress.
The reports to be presented will show
that during the past year there has been
a steady growth in membership, with a
corresponding favorable report as to
finances. .
On the evening of the first day's session
there will be an exemplification of the
work of the order whith will be followed
"by a banquet. The following day the new
officers for the ensuing- term will be se
lected.
"Wednesday.
I7ew Organization. Prepares to Con
vene in This City on Next
GRAND COURT WILL
HOLD ANNUAL SESSION.
Lot 27:0x120 feet on -the south line of Oak
street, west from Laguna, with two houses,
$10,000: lot 25x137:6 feet on the north line of
Post .street, 175 feet west from, Baker; with
two flats, $3."00; lot :U:4%xl27:8^4, with" two
etory dwelling, $5150; southwest ''Corner" of
Second street and Park lane, between - Bryant
and . Brannan. with two-story frame ' building
containing thirteen ' rooms, $6900, 'subject "¦ to
Prices were obtained by Easton,'. El
dridge & Co. at auction on Tuesday last
as follows: '
¦ 25x120 east line of Twelfth avenue, 250 feet
south of I street, for $800; 25x120, west ; llne
of Eighth avenue, 175 feet south of -H street,
for $1000; 25x100, north line of L street, 32:0
feet east of Tenth avenue, for $700; 30x137:0,
southwest corner of Post and Laguna streets,'
with two-story residence, from Sol Lewis to
Jacob Levin for $11,500; 25x120, . east ; line of
Eighth avenue, 100 feet north of K street, for
$800; 50x100. southeast line of London street,
75 -feet north - of Persia avenue, . for $500; 25x
120, west line of Seventh avenue, between J
and K streets, for $850. . , >
A. E. Buckingham has sold ten lots on
the east line of Eleventh avenue, between
H and I streets, for the Callaghan estate,
to E. B. Hallett and W. S,. Gee for $9500.
The same broker has also sold, to L.
Murch 37:6x120 feet on the west- line of
Eleventh avenue, 150 feet south from H.
street; to A. Longworth, lot and house on
the west line of Eleventh avenue,. 125 feet
south from H street, for $3500.' Ar Har
rington has bought four lots on the .west,
line of Tenth avenue, 100 feet south: from
I street, for $3800.
Recent sales are reported by Sol Getz
& Brother as follows: , . . '. i
Lands in Sunset.
N. D. Slckels has begun the publication
of a weekly land Journal at 6 : Geary
afreet, which ¦ deals particularly with
properties in the interior.
Samuel Kallsky to Julia Cunningham, three
new flats on the west line of Webster street,
110 feet north of Eddy, lot 27:0x100 feet, for
$13,500; Susan F. Kelleher to Edward Ston or,
2324 Clay street, north side, 35 • feet • east of
Webster, lot 27:6x104, residence of 10 morns
and bath, for $5000; Mrs. M. Moran- to James
Keamy, 91S, U18V6 to i)2O Capp street, west
side, near Twenty-fourth, lot 32:0x117,-4 flats,
for $5150; liary Church to Antonio Campi.et
al., 5 lots on the north line of Chestnut street,
109:9 feet west of Van Ness avenue, 27:6x137:6
feet each, for S4000; Rosa London ~to T.Mc-
Swecney, northeast line of Clara street, 220
ieet southeast of Fourth, lot 27x70 feet, house
of 8 rooms, for $2500; Thomas ' Bucher to
Frances Tyler, southeast corner of Cole and
Waller streets, lot 33:0x95 feet, . for $4000;
Natale Vanni to M. Ave, lot on the south line
of Rutledge street, 125 feet west of California
avenue, lot 25x75 feet; Eva C. Heergaard to
Thomas Vodden, lot on the south line of Page
street, 00 feet west of Lyon, 25x100 feet, for
$2470.
Florin Ij. Jones & Co. have sold to R.
Ayers and T. L. Ayers for Robert Pieper
lot 31:3x100 feet on the southeast. corner of
Cole and Oak streets, with seven new
flats, for $26,000. The gross rental is $257
per month.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales: .'
Double water lot on .the northeast line • of
Steuart street, 01:8 feet northwest from Fol
rom, for John B. Rider to Annie Montgomery
for S102.00O; lot 23x80, on the southwest line
of Fremont street, 130 feet northwest from
Folsom,. extendine through to Baldwin court,
for S70O0; lot 27:<Ixl93 feet on the north line
of Filbert street, 1!»2:6 feet west , from Scott,
lor $H>2T>; lot 37:3x137:0. on the north line of
Broadway, 40 feet west from Baker to M.
Casey for f 10,500". J Mr. Casey owns the ad
joining property. '"'. .
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold ( to the
Red Men's Hall Association for a' build
ing site 60:6x137:0 feet on the north line
of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 feet west
from Leavenworth street, for Thomas Ma
gee Jr. and William JB. Born, the price
being $35,000. The association will erect
a fine fraternity building. Additional
sales by Thomas Magee & Sons' are re
ported as follows:
Bed Men Purchase.
A. Schilling & Co. have purchased
through the agency of Benjamin M. Gunn
& Co. the southeast corner of Folsom and
Second streets from the ' Union Iron
Works. The buyers -will soon begin to
improve the entire lot, which consists of
four 50-varas, affording a frontage on each
street of 275 feet. The buildings will be
for factory use. They will be of brick.
Madison & Burke have sold for A. S.
Keyes a water lot and old building rent
ing for $200 per month on the north cor
ner of Howard and Steuart streets, the
sale price being $35,000. The purchaser is
the Callaghan estate. The same brokers
have also sold the northwest corner of
Laguna and Geary streets for E. G. But
ler for $27,500. . ¦
Lot 60x120 feet on the north line of Eddy
street, 219:9 feet west from Van. Ness avenue,
with two old houses, for $20,000; for Mr*.
Eleanor Martin to E. R. Dameron. lot ."Ox
137:6 feet and building on the south line of
Sutter street 100 feet east from Jones, for.
$21,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for the
Callaghan estate to Eliza, Wormser, wife
of Isaac Wormser, 25x80 feet, with three
story brick building, on the west line of
Front street, CC:8 feet south from Califor
nia street, for $33,000. The property rents
for $200 per month. Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tag have also sold the following proper
ties:
Brokers Make Sales.
The improvement In real estate Is working
slowly outward. We note* a better demand
between Vallejo, Filbert, Van Ness and Devl
eadero, a district that has heretofore been
nearly wholly neglected. There Is a good de
mand, at full prices, for lots between Geary,
Eddy,. Van Ness and Octavla. .'Buyers seek lots
there for the purpose of erecting flats. Credit
auction sales, the curse of real estate, and the
Inevitable Intoxicating effects of- a- boom, have
not yet appeared, and we hope they will not.
Thomas Magee & Co.'s Real Estate Cir
cular reports that there are far more buy
ers than sellers of good business proper
ties and that the prices are full. The cir
cular says: ">
There is very little Epeculation in the mar
ket to account for the advance of the last two
years.* Most of the property bought on the
rise has been purchased for actual needs, and
the price paid for it may be reasonably Judged
to be in accordance with the use to which it is
desired to put It. Another fact to be kept In
mind. Is that rents are on the rise Instead of
being. on the decline. Nor is this artificial. It
is due to the fact that the city's business ami
population are growing. More is doing and
more people are here to do it than ever in the
history of this city. The evidences of this
condition are apparent on every side. R must
also be taken into consideration that with the
undoubted increase of the population there are
fewer persons out of work than at most periods
In the past. ' There is more work, there Is more
manufacturing, there is more business, there
are more stores and offices and dwellings, and
less vacancies, than ever before. The growth
and prosperity are substantial. Real estate is
worth more, as It can be made more profitable
than In the past. The conditions of the nine
ties have passed, probably never to return. A
new era has set in with regard to real estate
In San Francisco.
The second month of the -present year
made a very fine record in the realty way
in this city. The sales amounted to $2,-
D9S.735. numbering 440. The mortgages
amounted to $l,704,S92 and the releases
from mortgage to $1,504,236. Speaking o£
the general conditions in this city, the
Real Estate Record, published by G. H.
Umbsen & Co., says:
There Js an interesting rumor in circu
lation concerning the bonding .of proper
tics in the Mission on a large scale, "iPar
ties owning lots in the block bounded by
Valencia, Klgin Park, Thirteenth and
Hermann streets have given options, upon
their holdings. The work has been going
on very quietly. One story is that the site
is wanted for a depot for some transcon
tinental line that may enter the city,
using electricity for motive power: inside
the limits. At least one real estate man
in the city believes this surmise to be cor
rect, ajid he mentions the Gould interest
as likely to be interested. Owners of land
in this particular block have raised their
prices. No one is able to say why the
property is being bonded with the txeep
tion of an official of • the Hibernia Bank,
who has been picking up options as far na
possible, and he will not talk.
Building Trades Able to
Settle All Their Dif-
Objection Is Made to IsTcer
ference on Part of La
bor Council.
approval; Nos. ¦ 124 and 120 Juniper street.
$3200, lot 24xSl :2 feet on the east line of Fill
more street, 24 feet south .from Waller, $1050,
subject to approval; lot on the east line of
Howard street, 215 feet north from Twenty
first. $2575.
Propose Realty Board.
The organization of a real estate board
of trade in this city is being discussed.
The purpose is to prevent rate cutting in
the matter of commissions for. one thing.
There la a similar organization in Chi
cago, which has a fixed schedule of com
missions, which run to $250 for sales
amounting: to $10,000. Over $10,000 the rate
is 2^4 per cent.
Center & Spader hav* subdivided the
block bounded by Nineteenth, Twentieth
and Folsom struts and Treat avenue into
lots 25x95 and 25x122:6 feet. ' '
Upon the list of properties to be auc
tioned \by Easton, Eldridge & Co. on
Tuesday nextiare the following: ,<
Residence on the northeast corner of Gough
and Ellis streets; improved property from 'J
to 15A Sherwood street and 20 and 1!2 Natoma
street; the premises at 757 O'Farrell street, the
northeast corner of Bryant street and Stanley
place; house at 1979 O'Farrell street; premises
at 409. 409 A and 409B Brannan street: residence
at 1077 Page street; lot on the west line of
Church street; Improved property at 047 Sev
enth street and 551 and 553 Seventh street.
The J. J. Pflster Knitting Company will
erect a three-story and ba-sement factory
on the northeast corner of Polk and Mc-
Allister streets.
Htrschfleld & Meaney will build an.ad
dition to their trunk factory at Twentieth
and Florida streets. ' " < • - i
C: A. Malm will erect a trunk factory
at Eighteenth and Folsom streets.
A warehouse is in construction at Harri
son and Sixteenth streets for the Patto
sien Carpet Company.
The Crocker Hotel Company desires to
have a- twelve-story building at Powell
and Geary streets, instead of one of ten
stories. The company suggests that the
great hotel shall be called either The
Plaza or St. Francis.
Henry Feige will expend about $20,000 in
the erection of flats on the east line ,of
San Jose avenue, south from Twenty
fourth street. .
, A. M. Sharp' has contracted for the
erection of a two-story and attic and
basement frame building on the north line
of Vallejo street, 108:6 feet west from
lievisadero, to cost $5200.
G. B. Cevasco, will place on the west
line of Kentucky, street, 25 feet south
from Twenty-gecond', a four-story and
basement frame building which will cost
513.000.
Five flats and a store will be construct
ed for Philip Hagemann at Folsom and
Fourteenth streets to cost about $9000. i I
Two, three-story frame buildings with
basements will be erected for R. S. Wil
liams and R. Keller on the north line of
Fell street, 100- feet west from Scott, at
on expense of about $11,000.
I V ice President Costa of the Columbus
Savings Bank will erect a large building
at Larkspur.
Two flats have been contracted for by
John McCormlck to stand on the north
line ot Seventeenth street, 215 feet west
from Castro, the cost of which will be
about §7000.
Plans are in preparation by Cunning
ham & Politeo of this city for a hotel at
WillitSj Mendocino County, to cost about
•$25,000 and to contain seventy rooms.-
Tho block bounded by H and I streets,
Seventh and Eighth avenues and known
as the "Olympic Club grounds," has been
leased through Sol Getz & Bro. for the
owner, John T. Doyle, for a term of years
to a Japanese company to take possession
at once. It is the intention of this com
pany to, convert the grounds into a mag
nificent Japanese tea garden. To accom
plish this they will Import the rarest of
plants, trees and flowers from the Flow
ery Kingdom. The unsightly sheds and
fences, will be removed and artistic tea
houses and fences will be erected. A
beautiful entrance to the garden will be
its main feature. The estimated cost for
such improvements will be between $15,
000 and $20,000.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, COc flask. Richard & Co.. 40S Clay.
The District Council of Carpenters 'and
Joiners has issued the following state
ment regarding the differences between
the Building Traded Council and the San
Francisco Labor Council:
Want No Strikes.
Editor of San Francisco Call — Dear Sir:
This council begs to hand you herewith an
answer to certain articles appearing in yester
day's press under captions of '"They all favor
the navy yards. The Congressmen define their
position to Labor Council. To end strife among
unions. Carpenters eagerly awaiting: arrival
of Delegate Grimes," etc.- Mr. Editor,- the
articles referred to, this council believes, were
given out for the purpose of deceiving the con
tractors and journeymen, as also the general
public. -¦¦
The artlcla quoted is absolutely - false in so
far as it refers to the anxiety of the carpen
ters or other unions engaged in the building
business. It is designed to confuse and mis
lead the contractors and general public, but it
is idle for - any one engaged in that business
to try that with the '.union men In this or the
Building Trades Council. During the past a
few men have been going around this city giv
ing out circulars filled with falsehood and mis
representation of all descriptions, and inter
viewing contractors and Journeymen in the
same manner in connection with this matter,
with & view to giving the Labor Counteil con
trol over the building industry of this city,
so they could do, during the coming summer,
as they did during- the last — call, out without
any grievance whatever the Building Material
Teamsters, and tie up the contractors and
journeymen alike in one grand knot. '
"We want none of the' Labor Council's
strikes. The Building Trades Council, and
that council only. Is charged with the dutlea
of guiding the destinies of the building indus
try, and so far as the journeymen's end of
It is at least concerned, and it cannot and
will not divide that responsibility with any
other central body not an intergal part of the
building Industry. We must prevent strikes;
we must endeavor to protect the contractors In
the different departments of the building in
dustry as well as the Journeymen and owners,
and this can only be done by the Building
Trades Council attending to the business of its
own organizations without any interference
from any outside and disinterested body.
It follows then that all this talk about Mr.
Grimes, or any one else from the East, or
from any other part of the country, bringing
with him so-called | brotherhood authority, is,
If at all, eent out with, a view to clouding
the issue and deceiving those who would other
wise be good, loyal, true union men. This,
as we have said before, is in San Francisco,
and in fact in any- part of the State, a hope
less task. The Building Trades Council has
made the brotherhood in this district, and in
this State, what it is to-day; this district
council is the council of this district and it
will continue to be such, regardless of who
comes or goe<?, and in or out of the brother
hood it will be the district council that will
do the business of this and Mr.
Grimes or anybody else who doeen f t like it
can move it; and If, as the article quoted says,
Mr. Grimes or anybody else does any sus
pending they will be the losers.
District Would Be Richer.
This district would be more than $35,000
richer to-day if it were not affiliated with the
brotherhood. In other' words, we have given
the brotherhood that much more than the broth
erhood has returned for benefits of all sorts.
"What has become of this money? They have
spent It In the Eastern cities and towns and
then. If you please, talk about suspension. Let
Mr. Orlmes and his Eastern colleagues while
at home violate. If they will, the constitution
which they have been elected to uphold, but
we will see that if he works here he will carry
the Building Trades Council card and no other
and while doing: so he will be upholding ¦ the
best laws ever ordained by any central body
of laboring men that has ever come together In
this or any other State, in this or any other
country.
Trusting, Mr. Editor, that you will please
give this a position in your paper suitable to
its Importance, and the amount of benefits
which will accrue from it to those who would
otherwise be deceived by the article of yester
day, which emanated from the enemies of le
gitimate organized labor, we are, respectfully
yours,
DISTRICT COUNCIL. CARPENTERS AND
JOINERS. —
H. A. BUTLER, President.
H. J. SCHOBERS, Secretary pro tern.
Some months ago Carpenters' Union No
4S3, whose delegate, Walter H. Goff, is
president of the San Francisco Labor
Council, was forced to withdraw from
that body. After several w%?ks the mat
ter was adjusted and Goff w»s reinstated.
The issue has been raised again and'indi
cations point to a sharp drawing of lines
between the two organizations.
Dr. "W. B. Estes, Surgeon-Dentist, Call
building. • •
Avenging Big Elk's Death.
.The case of Herman Kahn, secretary of
the San Francisco Lodge | of Elks,
charged with violating the game laws by
having a dead elk in his possession on
February ¦ 22, was called in Judge Ca
fcaniss' court yesterday. The defendant
was represented by Attorney John S.
Partridge, who demanded a trial by jury,
and the case was. continued for trialon
March 17. The cases of Antone. Fodera,
charged with the same offense, and James
Ward, charged with killing the- elk, were
continued to the same date to be set.
"Dreamers of the Ghetto" is the subject
of the popular lecture to be given by Rab
bi Isidore Myers in the Bush-street , Syna
gogue to-night at 8 o'clock. During the
evening solos will be sting by Rev. Can
tor Salomon and others.
Bonding Lots in a Mission Block Causes
Speculation ;; as to the;. Purpose ;in View.
Realty in City Maintains; Strong Position
OUTSIDE HELP
IS NOT WANTED
RUMOR IS OUT THAT LAND
IS WANTED FOR TERMINUS
THE.SAN FIMGISCO CALL, : SUNDAY, ;MARCH 9, 1902
28
We announce the ODening tMs week of an
ELEGANT COLLECTION OF
I HIGH-CLASS
Ware Print Persian and Dresden Effects, in
White Shot Pin Dot Taffetas.
Gun Metal and Steel Monotone Effects, In
Herring-hone and Dotted Striped Taffetas,
Two-toned Extra Heavu Brocaded Duchesse
Satin and Rep Silk Effects, mostlu in light
and evening colorings,
SPECIAL.
50 pieces METAL PRINT DOTTED VEL-
VETEENS, In Black and White, NaYu
and White, Red and White and Brown
and White. /
v 5c Yard.
SPECIAL.
20 Dieces Silk and Linen SATIN STRIPED
BATISTE, in natural linen colorings, with
colored satin stripes,
75c Yard,
Best QualitD. JAPANESE CORDED WASH
SILKS, a most complete and varied assort-
ment of colorings, also plain white.
5OcYard
Mall orders promptlu ani carefullu eiemitel
and samples forwarded free to ani] address.
III. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Black Dress Skirts
Black Dress Skirts
Black Dress Skirts
Rl 01) Pfl Stylish La-
DT ' \ 4 hi I dies ' CIoth
ftl UyiJU Dress Skirt,
trimmed with 3 rows silk — oerfect
fitting — well made — worth $5.00.
fl* 0 A Cft A11 " W ° o1
Hi \ZL hifi Cheviot
ft I lil'Tl U U Dress Skirt,
in the : new flounce sweep — trim-
med with silk or satin; worth
$6.00.
fl -I OH Fine Quality
Hi Al II II tailor chev "
Si! VUlUU iot. made
tailor fashion, good lininjr — and
altogether a splendid skirt, worth
$7-50.
TAILQR SUiTS TO ORDER.
THE
Slack Goods House
1106 Market Street
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan.' Rooms, 50c to $1 So day
$5 to >8 week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths'
hot- and cold water every room; flre grates in
every room: elevator runs all night.
\ t tf&&t*. NOTICE I
-^^fiSg&t,, CEO. MAYERLEo
#V®5l*fiV*' German Expert Op£lcian. has
ufj3$9^pm not moved, but remains at
-^ 1071 Market street.
MANAGER
WANTED.
A manager for business house, situated
in thriving, prosperous section of Nevada
on railroad. Resources, mining, livestock,
hay and grain. Must be thoroughly con-
versant with hardware and grocery busi-
ness. An attractive proposition as to
salary and interest in business will be
made to party that can fill place. Mar-
ried man preferred; 35 to 40 years of age.
Give age, experience and references. Ad-
dress. J. "W. B., care' "Record Union,"
Sacramento, Cal.
It Is a Shams for Any Casa of I
TO BE CUT, j
When over 1000 persons. In th!« city
and State, will verify that during the
past five years they have been perma- '
; nently cured, without anesthetics or
surgery. Few were In bed while un- •
der treatment. Only two failures;
these were cancer. This Is no salve
proposition ; each case must be treated
at the office. The worst cases wanted. 4
Names of 75 prominent business men >
sent as references. For further partlcu- X
lars address RESIDENT PHYSICIAN, >
box 2673, Call office, San Francisco. ft
p§§\ WONG WOO,
Ky CHINESE TEA AND HERB
tt£ 7 SANITARIUM.
¦jjgsS&n 76 *-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
5**fc-w3lW A LL DISEASES CUREL>
•WWZCQOirc* tV «fclu«lT«ly by CUsm*
herbs, ovtr 3000 varieties being used. Hour.
»:3O to 11 *. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
PUFF nn\/AI Corner Fourtn and
uArt nuiAL sSS&'si-
%*¦¦¦ fa. IIW IIIU Bc Overcoat- and
valises checked fr?»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^^ ¦ |)l | _ | L ,^,,^, L ,._,- w -„-.,-. ¦ VV T> L vvvvvvu*<rLruvv^-u-uvvv*. *-¦.-. ,'-*- -¦'-¦'- -* *--*--*-- -i -*----.-
Stands for Sewed. Lined and Laid— for Every Item of Cost to You, In-
cluding measuring your rooms, in Every Advertised Price Named for our
• Carpets
Our shelves "are crowded with new designs and color combinations —
.a showing we arc proud of. Fix these prices in your mind before you come
75C. BraSSefS— 4 patterns, selected to please at sight. Red, CAp
Green rtnd Blue Floral designs. This week for only «JUv«
1.00 BrCiSSelS — 6 new and standard patterns and shades. CCp I
You could match most any furnishing from the selection, for U «J v«
1.10 BrUSSelS — 6 patterns, bright, taking ones in Oriental, OCp
India and Floral. Worth $1.10 any time. This week for O«JL«
1.30 VelVetS— 4 patterns of these rich, high pile carpets In Q^f I
; the prevailing tones for a few cents more than for an Ingrain •'vl/i
1.50 AXfiiinSterS— 4 patterns of these elegant parlor carpets. | f r
Camei's hair, green and red floral designs. This week for I ¦ 1 0
Pleasure and Profit.
The First Floor still has on it many exceptional attractions in j
reduced prices on dmir.g-room furniture — Buffets, Sideboards
: and dining; chairs, reduced simply to even up designs in stock.
You coulJ spend a pleasant hour on the Second Floor among
the new parlor pieces. Some rare examples of new ideas in
Inlaying to be seen. New designs in upholstered rockers. I
• . \
"The.Credit Ho use*. v Six Stories Hieh. I
| 253-235-237 Post Street. Phone Private £x 37 I
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday JP^--^k_
March 10, 11, 12 r
The array of Easter Millinery which we have pre-
pared for you is the most exquisite imaginable. Never
before have we. shown such becoming and attractive'
( The assortment of our Trimmed Hats is so exten-
sive as to include an individual style for every woman.
This is only possible when skillful designers have
everything in materials and shapes to work from. We
have supplied our workrooms with"; the choicest of this
season's millinery. You isee the result in one hundred
beautiful creations which we are new showing. Amon^
the' array are some impprted modes from Paris arid
London, but so artistic is OUR work that you cannot
pick but the imported from the assortment.
You are cordially invited to our display of
BCE&aBSBSZEBHSHBBBHHBBBBHaaKHEBIinBEBBanEaBHg^n
E?*« — — Ofl
¦ _ - H
= r#Jii|L fS^EP^a 'f 7 yjou-ve worn walk- §
E ) ? W?P^^^^^ OVER SHOES YOU KNOW H
0 Mtfar 1% jCiM^mWi h|0W ea lly good they |
F ViH WW&SBffl&SSL A * E> IF ' YOU HAVEN'T, 3
c \''£§ i^^^^^BH Th|ERE>s A TF * EAT IN store ¦
D Jill gl^Hi^B^Ht YOU CAN FUT ON A PfllR' D
¦ 4&S&HBBB§sl0BP1mEP ° F WAL K-OVERS AND WEfiR §
1 SSHlsiSiiS-^ c^rl THEM WITH COMFORT flND B
» ***3S3SESSSqg£ SATISFACTION RIGHT FROM |
U THE STf?RT-NO "BREAKING- S
g IN" NECESSARY. CB
I And Another Thing: I
B THE VERY LATEST LONDON AND NEW YORK LASTS ARE fl
¦ PROCURABLE IN WALK-OVERS AT $3.50, WHICH IS MORE ¦
Z THAN CAN BE TRUTHFULLY SAID fIBOUT ANY OTHER SHOE S
B SELLING AT THIS PRICE. . .... g
BJ flLL SIZES — ALL THE GOOD SHAPES — IN ALL THE B
I V/ORTHY LEATHERS— LOW CUT AND OXFORD STALES. J
I Walk-Over Shoe Store, I
I F. F. WRICHT & SON, §
¦ 924 Market Street, Opposite Emporium. I
¦ ; • - " - . - ¦ • • • ' B
BO ¦ — ofl
KBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflfl
WE OWN .OUR OWN BU1LD1NC-WE PAY NO RINT- '.: :fi ':*
Jrjk I Ingrain Carpets
t"5C per yard.
VZ "> y - S I ' We wiI1 sel1 y° u a J:ood Q u ality ° [
z yp V "I r~* " j Ingrain Carpet, yard wide, only 45e.
fcj^V^' --C ''.'//n''(') I I^^Z^A An extra heavy quality wool. s.«mc
r VJ^\ width > onl y GOc * Two carloads Car-
?\.'&\y/m^pll4^~;>'2\ P cts on th e way. Sanford and Stin-
1 $^'£&/&&*sJ& S; <l son's Tapestries and Velvets in beau-
' ' X /fvP*^ L^k^M " tiful floral and Persian designs; bor-
-£^ a^&Z^^'S?! J?- *%Sii ders to match. At lower prices than;
Z^~tij?fibffiffifo~^& yitP^'-jt^iSi ever. Hall and stair carpets among 1
"^^A them. Rups all sizes and qualities.
1 Linoleums and Oilcloths for kitchen
WH^Cf DON'T FORGET
,^jiL_^KT^il?v jiH ' c carry an immense line of Furni-
* V^il M£ jlBI ture— everything for the house iron*
vl' 1 N \V-^£L \ilT\ <^ iSiSi kitchen to drawing-room, and all at
—¦u£iii ;? ~ ? ~— * small prices. Don't borrow any
money — your credit is good here.
Free delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURECO., /«c.
m»,cr /-. J2\2 3 M1 «* lon Street, above Sixth. San Francisco.
WB CLOSE AT 8 P.M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 0, 1002.
Gen. Maycrle, German Expert Optician.
A071 Market. Look for eya with a crown.*
John D. Tyefnvre, n Greek, was i»en
toncod to thrcn months In tho County Jail
by Judgo Graham yostordnyi" Lcfuvre,
whllo roturnliiR from tho' Cliff, House ln«t
November, fired a shot at* n . street-car,
tho bullet Junt Brazing tho vltcok of thr
conductor. He wns tried. on a charge of
assault to. commit murder/' He was tried
by a Jury In Judge Graham's court and
convicted of slmule assault.
Lefevre Gets Throe Months.
. Thomnit Healey, a hndKcbulldrr. rcslri-
Iiik at 211 Eleventh 'street, whs run down
by an automobile brlonRlnrt to tho Po-tt
I'lilillrhliiK Company yestprdity nfternnoii
at Third nnd Market strcots unr! rpcclv.-.l
n dlHlnriitlon of thn left shoulder. H»i
wan treated at the Central Kmorgency
Hospital.
Run Down by nn Automobile.
H. Pauline Dinan.
Spring opening of imported Pattern
Hats and latest Parisian Novelties,
Wednesday. March 12, and following days.
24 Kearny street.; . ."..• ¦ - •
position until the Supreme Court' had
Jinally passed upon the decision. When
n*ked whether an appeal would be taken
to the hjgher court. Fredrick Knld that he
could not say, us he had not yet consulted
with IiIh attorney, Ruef. Kredrlck then
repeated hla intention' not to jxjvo up tho
oflleq until .final adjudication of tho case.
It Is not unlikely that quo warranto pro
(•codings will bo begun In' tho Bupremo
Court, which will r<-nult In' an early set
tlement of the dispute. : ¦
'ili'- Justices of tin- Pcacn did not tak<>
liny action yesterday, toward nominating
a man ah Ju!'.llce«'.rlcrk, tho nnmo to be
presented to the Hoard of Supervisor* for
foniirmiiilon. JudircM Lnntt and, Joachim
sen were the only two Justices In flio City
Hun in the afternoon and tbey wtuted timt
n mcelltiR wduld be < ailed on Monday
morning, when, in nil Hkiillhorul, u name
will bo decided upon for submission to
thr board nt the afternoon mtctltiK. II
appear* to be u question an to srrurlrff
ten Hupervlforid io vot«i to conflim tho
nominee of th« Jimtlccb nf the I'pac«*.-
Among tbOM prominently mentioned for
the place nre Robert Dennis, «3corgo Me-
Ccmb, Richard J. Welch and Frank
Grimes.
Con Have But One Commander.
News wn» received at «nny headquar
ter* yesterday that the War Dppnrtmont
hint finally decided that there can bo but
ono ootnmnndlriK nfllccr nt n pom. There
Imvc bffu attempts to linvn two or morn
commanding ofllecrB nppolnted for posts
where there were stationed different
branches of the snrvlc*. It Is held that
at all events there inu«t be no division of
authority or responsibility at any military
station.
.Spring opening March 11 arid after.
Swell and Jaunty creation* In Parlxlun
Noveltlett and Pattern- HutM; stunning antt
rich effect* in exqutulte millinery. \v..
.|i"dn> our patron* to view th..\i<s Imporu
tlotis; no very cxclunlve. •
Erournlee's, 833 Mnrket Street.
r»iYnlH«<nt, It. J. TaunnIr: vita jirpultlent,
Gi>Ofjte 'If. WiiIIIm; rnrrrHpomtlriK *»crrtary,
Jarm!* Hi L>on«; reeordlns; cpiTrtriry, Jam«4
• 1. HiuiiiIiIIhk: trraiMirrr, Ktr*t Nntlntml Hunk.
.fnupph CummlriK, the nsvUtant ¦ccrctary. hoUU
ovi»r for another term.
No other business appearing, the board
adjourned.
Tho number of timo-cxplred men dis
charged nt Angel Inland during the pant
week la 750. Captain W. 8. Scott, First
Cavalry, him been' aligned to permanent
duty In this city. The transports Sheri
dan, Kllpatrlck and Kgbert, with £50 oitl
r«'rM iiinl iiii'ii in 1 " tixpectrd to arrive at
Ban FrnnclRco from the Philippines with
in tho next two week*.
wnrO-I 1 . He'ild, J. It. Lyon«,.L. R. Mead.
Tim «itii'rnl mrctlncr having adjourned,
the director* met nnd elected the follow
ing ofticcrB for tho current year:
News in Army Circles.
A. W. Davis, a wealthy glass manufac
turer of Kane, Pennsylvania, has written
to tho Chamber of Commerce asking what
Inducements will bo offered him to build
an e.lKhteen-pot plant In this city. Davla
nay* that lio Hhiill build u wlndow-glano
factory somewhere ftlonsr the coast, pro
ferably In flan Francisco, but In some
other city If conditions are more favor
able. Th« only class factory on the coast
at present mntuifncturcs bottles exclu>
¦lvcly.
Plans to Build Glass Factory.
The Board' of Education met yesterday
and agreed on the plans submitted by tho
Board of Public Works for adding bIx
rooms to tho Hearst School building and
three, rooms to the Columbia Grammar
School. Work will bo commenced ' on
tho Improvements, which will do awa>
with the rontlnff of outside classrooms for
the schools numed, an noon na tho IJom-d
of Works has prepared the npeclncatlonii
for the award of the contract. The board
passed the bllln fpr repairs to school
houses which .were hold up becnuuo th«
Board of Worku delayed replying to cor
tain resolution" adoptod by the Donrrt of.
Education.
Will Enlarge Two Schoolhouses.
The pupils of Hoitt's School at Menlo
Park have contributed $35 50 to the Me-
Klnley memorial fund, and have sent half
of that amount to General George Stone,
chairman of the California Branch of the
National McKInley Memorial Association,
,(111(1 half to Jame3 D. Phelan, chairman
ff tho San Francisco McKInley Monument
Association.
Hoitt's School Boys Contribute.
Thirteen bootblacks doing business on
East street will carry on their trade with
out paying license taxes, thus causing a
loss of $150 yearly to the city. The boot
blacka applied for lic°nse«» £? tv-m,-,- Tn»
Collector Simpson, who told them to se
cure permits from the Board of Public
Works. The. shiners informed Simpson
that the board would not issue pet mils
for stands on East street, as the thor
.oughfare is not under the city's jurisdic
tion, but is under the control of the Har
bor Commission. Unless the last-named
body exacts fees from the bootblacks they
•will escape paying .license taxes; »
Bootblacks Escape License Tax.
The parade \>t the Hackmen's Union ar
ranged for last night was postponed oih
account of the rain. It will be held on
Wednesday evening If the weather par
mits. The ball of the union will be held
on Saturday night at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion, rain or shine. . -,.- ¦ . /
As a result of an ajjltatlon commenced
pome time ago by the Hackmen's Union
favoring an increase In the rates charged
for funeral service a Joint meeting of the
executive committees of the Hackmen's
Union and the Stablekeepers' A«soclatlon
will be held to-morrow night at Pythian
Castle. The first step in the proposed in
crease of rates will be made In the charge
for carriages to the San Matco County
cemeteries. It Is proposed to add $1 a
trip to the charge now made. Other rates
will be increased in proportion. '• -
sociation to Be Held in Order
to Adjust Matter.
Conference With Stable-Keepers' As-
HACKMEN SEEK RAISE
IN FUNERAL RATES
Mchmi'h. "Dunn, Dlamant and Wlim.ni
were appointed a commlttco to Install iho
newly elected directors Into oftice. They
are Samuel C. Irving, R. J. TnuHslg,
George JJeanston, George II. WalllH, Ed-
Tn his minimi' nildrcHS President Irving
ntiKK<'Ht<'d that tho constitution and l>y«
liiw* of ih" Irmtltuto bo changed In many
roBpects. Ho spoko of tho Rood work ac
complished by the trustees • during the
yenr nnd expressed j tho ; conviction that
the ¦ Incoming ;dlre(!tord. would i hot bn re*
mlrtM In Hi" dlHclinrgo of (heir functions.
New Directors Are Installed.
Tho Jlnanelal .report ,.»howed that tho
total receipts. of the Institute from all
sources last year aggregated HB,tl74 70 and
the' disbursements $-13,608. The balance of
cush on hand was reported at $1 in". 77. •
The sale of the Folsom-street block by
the board of trustees was consummated
Just before the meeting was announced
, by the chair, whereupon Supervisor Hor
ace Wilson said he had' opposed the sale
of the same property ten years ago for
$200,000 and he was opposed to It now at
any price. He believed the property was
worth much more than $90,000 and said
that within the next few years a much
larger sum might be secured. Mr. Gal
lagher also opposed the proposition, but
when the resolution confirming the sale
was put to a vote It was almost unani
mously carried. .
Librarian "Teggert reported that there
were 3700 members In tho Institute. Tho
number of volumes In tho library was
87,184. The number lB8uod to members for
homo use during the last year was 185,500,
on lncrefiHQ of 55,000 over the figure of
the' provlous year.
The reading of reports and the Installa
tion of the seven newly elected directors
v/ere the chief features of . tho annual
meeting. E. J. Healy, whose term as di
rector had just expired, created a commo
tion by filing charges of extravagance, in
competence, carelessness and a few .other
things against Librarian F,red J.Teggert.
but his demand that a committee of five
be appointed to Investigate the charges
failed to receive a second. Healy at
tempted to argue the question, but Chair
man Irving declined to recognize him and
the matter was permanently shelved. .
Wilson Says Block Is "Worth More.
j The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute at its annual meeting last night
received a check for, $90,000 in full pay
ment ,for its . Folsom-street property,
known as block No. 48. A resolution was
subsequently adopted at .a tjeneral meet
ing of the members conlirminf; the sale
of • the property to the American Steel
and Wire Company of New. Jersey for
the sum specified. There wajj some oppo
sition to tho consummation of the deal,
but the general sentiment was that the
'Institute had rid Itself of a, gigantic white
elephant, which for more man ten years
had been a steady and costly drain upon
the organization, v
Attorney Atterbury says that a man*
ager will arrive* from the East soon, but
will not take full control for some ln«
dcllnite period. The street car conductors
and gripmen are very anxious for this
new manager to arrive, as they feel as
sured that with Vining out of the man
agement they will, obtain more liberty.
The etreetr car employes' chief cause of
complaint is that they are shadowed day
and night by "spotters." They say that
on or off duty they are followed by de
tectives and. should they enter a saloon
they are soon afterward discharged from
the service of the company. They also
complain that on their day off "spotters"
follow them and they are not even then
allowed to go into a saloon and take one
drink. This shadowing has become very
Irksome to the men and with the appoint
ment of a new manager they think that
blighter days wtll come.
A large amount of the purchase money
will remain. in New York and will simpiy
be transferred to the credit of those who
hold stock there and who signed the sub
scription list.
Twenty per cent of the subscription of
the underwriting syndicate for the pur
chase of the Market Street Railroad was
deposited yesterday lorenoon by Brown
Bros., the New York llnanciers. This de
posit amounted to $500,OW In this city and
*5,0CO,0OO In New York. The money in this
city was paid into the Union Truat Com
pany by James M. ijuune, who is Jinan
cienng the deal for tho syndicate in San
Francisco.
Brown Bros. More Close
ly Bind Syndicate
Deal.
Mechanics' Institute Dis
poses ot Its Folsom-
Street Property.
Mr»"; Gordon Blandlntr and Miss Bland-
Ing are again In San Francisco, after- an
extended visit In the East.
Miss Georelna Jones Is at present the
guest of Mrs. Horace D. Hill.
Mr., and . Mrs. "Willard Vincent , Huntlns
ton and Miss Edith Hunttngton left yes
terday for New York, expecting to re
main away for a number of weeks.
Mrs. James Bishop was at home on Fri
day afternoon and a large number of call
ers availed themselves df. her charming
hospitality. v- ¦]
Miss Louise Elliott was hostess at a de
lightful card party complimentary to the
officers of the Forum Club on Thursday
at her home, 2146 Sutter street. Dainty re
freshments were served and handsome
prizes were provided for the fortunato
players. The winners were Mrs. S. J
Hendy, Mrs. John P. Young, Mrs.^George
Levlson and Mrs. Ruggles. The after
noon was a most enjoyable one.
Miss Jennie Blair gave a luncheon at
the Richelieu yesterday in the small ban
quet room. The decorations were very
pleasing. Twenty-six of Miss Btalr'a
friends were Invited and Mrs. Oclrlchs
was chief guest. ..¦¦»¦. ; ;¦* ¦¦/<,"='
An enjoyable dinner-dance was given at
the Palace Hotel last evening. The enter
tainers were Mr. and Mrs. I. "W. Hcllman
Jr. and Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Heller, who
invited 120 guests in honor of Miss Heli
man and Miss Stern of Liverpool. Din
ner was served in the Marble Roora,
where the decorations were elaborate.
The tables were lavishly ornamented with
spring blossoms. Artistic effects were
produced In pink and white. After dinner
the guests danced in tne Maple Room
until a late hour. Pretty favors were dis
pensed In the ballroom. The music was
excellent and the evening was very pleas
antly spent.
Mr. Maquarre again pleased with his
flute-playing— his delicate and graceful
style*-though his numbers might have
been weightier with advantage. Mr. Mo
reau gave a charming number of his own
composition on the piano, "Danse de la
Nuit," and movements by Lizst, Chopin
and Saint-Saens. In the -absence of the
accompanist Mr. Morcau assumed his du
ties and accompanied with admirable die
cretlon.
The inclement weather and the circum
stance of the Nevada concert being th
ninth of the current week combined to
militate against the attendance at Mme.
Nevada's concert of yesterday afternoon,
at Metropolitan Temple. The fair song
stress was. in good voice and. aroused th,
customary enthusiasm that greets her ef
forts. She responded to several encorej, ;
closing the programme with the favoriti^
"Mocking Bird," in which she accompa
nied herself. The "mad scene'.' from
"Lucia"; "Waltz Song" ("Romeo and
Juliet"), and i'Repentlr" of Gounod
were among Mme. Nevada's numbers.
Mr. Casals introduced some "Variations ;
Symphoniques," by . Boellcman, musical
and largely planned,' and 'played with su-j
perb ease. He gave also twp numbers oil
a.Locatclli 'cello sonata, very free in
form, the adagio particularly interesting '
and handled by the 'cellist in a fashion
that compelled heartiest, admiration. Mr.
Casals was twice encored.; . : \ , •*
FIVE MILLIONS
ARE DEPOSITED
property of the Southern Pacific Com
pany nnd the San Matco Railway Com-
SPLENDID NEW GATEWAY AND LODGE CUILDING THAT HAS BEEN
DESIGNED BY ARCHITECTS HllI-JA A SHEA FOR THE HOLY
. CROSS CEMETERY.
"THE MOCKING
BIRD," NEVADA'S
CLOSING SONG
SALE OF BLOCK
IS CONFIRMED
£ANB wem completed ycter
k¥ gk day by Architect* 8hca &
tiS ifi' Slieu for u new gateway and
My ~^ lodge building to bOr\6ryctod
jfif Iriiiiieilliitely a I the ciHnmeo
¦^¦^ of I Inly f'roKrt Cemetery., Tho
gateway in 1-*' feel wlrto from
monumental punt to pout, with four In-
Icrmcdiutr j)o»tl« between nnil nn ornit
mcMital brfinsn »;ate uniting nil, '•"The l;ug % 5 .
poHtH nro llftcon feet tKiuarc'ittitliQ baia
and forty-two feet from tho ground to
I ho top of the bronze crowns eurmountlng
each. The.lnlnrmedlate pOBtfl are six feet
at tho base and flftenn fret high. The
ground plan la seml-clreular in form,
pivlng a grand appearance. The gateway
trill be built of Coiusa dressed Btono and
will cost $15.0C>0. . '
The Lodge building In situated outside
.he gate between the railroad tracks, on
SOCIETY FOLK
ENJOY DANCING
AND DINNERS
Tho lodge, will be built of Cohirni rub
ble ntotio ami the effect will bo firtlrtttc.
It will contain ladles' nnd g'-ntlemen'rt
walfliu: rooms, a general nnd private of
fice, besides private appointments for of
ficiating clergy at funerals. There will
be also attic accommodations for tho
keeper of the lodge and an arcado porch
rround tho building for protection ag;tln«t
the weather. The building will be !'."•
feet long and 50 feet wide and will cost
$15,000. The foundation Is now being laid.
The lmpro\*emcnt will be completed In
three months.
pnny. In order to g\\* equal accemi or
convenience from both train* to th*
IwIrp building. It will, therefor^, ".tv*
I lie double piinm:ii< of lodgo building ami
1'nllwuy Htatloti.
Mr. Hancock is now building a beauti
ful home for himself and wife npar the
park. Pending the completion of the resi
dence the couple will tour Europe. They
expect to be abroad three months.
Mrs. Hancock Is a very beautiful wo
man. She has a splendid voice and is
highly accomplished. Mr. j Hancock is
well known to all lovers of athletics. He
is more than 6 fxet In height and built in
proportion. For many years he was the
Olympic Club's star performer. He repre
sented the winged "O" on many fields
and usually bore the emblem to victory.
Besides being a sprinter, Mr. Hancock is
an all-round athlete. . He is a very
wealthy man and devotes his leisure to
looking after his property interests.
No one was to know of the marriage
until six months had passed, but intimate
friends became suspicious and gossiped
among themselves. This precious morsel
of gossip In time became widespread and
to avoid unpleasantness Mr. Hancock was
forced to announce his marriage to the
world.
Under the laws ot thin Btato neither
party could marry until a year had
t-lapeed from the time a decree of divorce
had been granted. They therefore de
cided to silently slip away to Nevada and
be married. Without informing any one
of their intention the couple left this city
and Journeyed to the new Grctna Green
and were Joined in the bonds of matri
mony.
The mnrriiigo of tlnse two well-known
P»ople will be u iUrprUe to their frlendH.
The tt anon they kept tin* matter «jnlot
wna to avoid liotoriity, both bavins been
mentioned an plalntllf and defendant In
divorce Milih bronchi In thin c.ly.
Mr. 1 linn hi K* v\ ;ih HUt-ii for ii divorce In
March. I'M. \>y hl« wife; and In the corn
plaint tln« intHlmnd wan charned with d.«.
¦ertlon, Mr. Hancock allowed the divorce
li> ko by default and the wife Heiured a
dtcrco In Au«tiHt of lust year. Mrn. Went
cott was then the wlfo of the local repre
mntatlve of the firm of A. J. Jordan &
Co., Si. Loulo. Hh. was n ylngi r In the
choir of tho Callfonilit-mrcot Miuhoi|(«t
Kplvcopal Church and wn« a devoted
friend of Mr. Hancock. He always ad
mired her and wan frequently In the
lady's company. A mutual llklns sprung
up between them, and when Mrs, West
cott secured a divorce from h<»r husband
in January lact nho accepted Mr. Han
cock's offer of marringe.
Robert J. Hancock and Mrs. Lei West
cott were united in murriage at AVlnne
mutca, New, Jn January last. Tho news
of their nuptials was kept a secret for
two months and the devoted couple in
tended to keep it bo for at least nix
month*, but it leaked out yesteniay. Mr.
Jiancock admitted lant evening tiiat ho
\v;ih married again and introduced a Call
representative to his biNiut.fui an.-* ac.-i.ni
plish^d wife. He waH anxious lo lind out
who dlvulRcd the poi-ret thi-y were K«aid
ins. i)ut without ¦uccesa.
WelUKnown Couple
Are About to Go
to Europe.
Celebrate Nuptials in
Winnemucca Last
January.
Robert J. Hancock and
Mrs. L. Westcott
; Marry.
potvd Fredrick, Justice*.' »i>-rk. nppolni*
r«1 by Uoi'or J?«.limltz, In n j |>"i t-n t ly not
much perturbed aver Sudffa <.'ook'« d^d
nlon thnt he Ik not enUU«d to the pnlary
¦'-T th<» wfllrr 1 . l'*r»-drl«. f k r.arll, nhortly niter
the tirwn of the teelctoa wan brought to
blm. that he would continue to hold the
n-cdrick Will Not Quit.
J luvf rent >!'.•<] Hi- luinluaioii lliat the of
f.i •• of ioMUxaf I'lcrU ic mode part of th« m«
ttoittftf "' llw Juptl'^K'* ccuriM tn'cltlM< snd
riiUfities dy n(ii.iiii of th«- ro)intllui!i-n..l uf»
\:- i !. miji i,. :i -..i ,• the J.- . i-iniiiM- to «-n.i'.il»li
»u«h riiuiin, nnd in • • . . v ii. tor tlu- yowprm,
nutlr»i ami rr*f«in»i!»illUp» ot JurtUvw «f tl»<»
!•¦•«*; uruJ ihut, up ti i-«-nuli. Oi« charter urc
ilun on tli<- ».utijp< t l» vol.1, l (in not llilnk Hi*
jn»t»r«V rlMk III <-ltl<n Hti«1 ii/lllltle» In eltlHT
i. wionty or » inuiiii ijiiii tiinvrr, u <i k-h not"
»ufOo« t« < Ji» tht < < i,iiiii> Oorluhfp «n un nnu\
<»•>. Tli" Intlri ( (fici. | r ,. |,i,, r iy nmdif <i
«¦¦ unty *<rrt«r- hv rmtuto, imi i- only rx of
tlrln «'l»-ri( of tin- HuiMiint <u>utt, iht-rr belnjj
n» *v< h t,ttivr xr (Ink .if ih» Ku|.«-rlnr «"i»uit.
Judge Murttsky. in uddltlon to Jolninfe Jn
lb« decision of lh<! tourt. Hle<l an individ
ual opinion. It I* uh follow*:
Viewo of Judge Murasky.
For tlie reatonii naf-ri, the demurrer to the
mnrnded complaint muet be oveiruled, with
Icav* lo the dtiendant to unswrr within ten
da yc. ;.iii the icHttalnlnff oider asked fur
k »•='-« •!• «rid It In m oidered.
The mere fact that the title to the office 1*
Incidentally involved In this proccedlnc does
r.'it prevent the court from n' tins herein.
If the payment of the salary of Justices'
cleric to the defendant, who does not lawfully
hi.Jd the office, would be an unlawful expendi
ture of public moneys, euch payment may be
enjoined et the tsutt cf any taxpayer.
Flnce neither Fredrick nor Windrow has
ti«-en appointed by the Beard of Supervisors,
neither can be 6ald to be a d: Jure officer, and
the payment of the salary Incident to the of
fice to any one oth^r thun one holding the law
ful title 'to the office would bo an unlawful
expenditure of public money*. It U unneces
sary to consider whether Fredrick Is a de
facto officer. Inasmuch as a de facto officer
ih not entitled to receive the ealary of the
f.fftre. The act relird upon by counsel for the
tttt ndant as overcoming the rule of the cases
la*t cited ha*, in our opinion, no application,
«• It relates only to officers holding under a
C or cornmienlon lesued by icmt one
'«.^thorize<J . to leeue It.'
No De Jure Officer.
For tforw> rf-axoni'. we think a clerk cf the
Jum lees' Cmrt nsn hold ctfio trtily by virtue
of nertlon M of the Code of Civil Procedure,
and there cun be no de Jure officer entitled to
••alary, as .Tufctiofs" clerk except one appointed
ty the Hoard 'if Supervisors, on the written
nomination «nd Wf-ommr-ndatlon of the Jus
tic«^i cf the I'cacr, <r a majority of th«m.
We «re of the opinion that the provisions of
*e<-Ucn 1 of chapter VII of the charter of tho
o!ty »n<l county of Ran Francisco, rflatlnK to
flTk-ot the Justices' Court, are void. Char
ters of cities and counties are, except In
municipal affairs, "subjwt to and controlled
ly gentra! laws." Justices' Courts form a
I -art of the Judicial system of the fitate. and
ihe appointment <if a ministerial offic-er of
J: Jch courts cannot be rfjfarded as in any
,r-nue a municipal affair. -It Is true that char
&-- > fif ciu«*s (ijid oounti«>s may also provide
"for the manner In which, the tlmr* at which
end the terms for which the several county
r.f)Wr* *hall be elected, etc." Whether the
deric of the Just ices' fourt Is n county officer
within the rm-anln* of this provision Is open
to grave doulit. liut i-vi-n ,T He Ik, the charter
X>ur|Kjrta U, crr-sif thf ofOc»- by lni|>nslntr on
th<* .Tuftli-c* the duty and res|x)ni>il>lllty of ai>
jxilntlng clerk. Hueh duty can" be lm
jhitiJ on the .TuKlces only by law. *nd a char
ter ratified by resolution of the legislature is
tout a lsw within the meanlnj; of this consti
tutional provision. The provision for the
crcotlrn of thf office 1« In; void, nil provisions
relating tu tho of fire mum fall with It..'. :
When the matter was called by Judge
Cook yesterday the court announced that
it was ready to decide the issue raised in
the arguments on the demurrer. The de
cision of the court, which was read, is as
follows:
Charter Section Void.
The litigation which followt-d the «u»
ji'-nulon of Clerk William* and th«« ap
)<nintmtMit by the Mayor of 1'owel Fred.
lick aa Williams' xucrcMnr Is still fresh
in the minds of the public The Jupllrm
lffu»o<l to recognize the authority of thn
Mayor to npiiotm their clerk, on tho
trounii Mint the iippolrittnint nhould hav«s
b«*on mnd« l>y Hum In jmordtune with
the provlnioiiM of tho ntntutc. They there.
«:,»>!i appointed Joneplj A. Windrow to the
office, the n-nult l>diiK thur for « time two
rlctiu did hunlncxs. Thf action of th«
WMyor in miiklnj? the nppolntmrtJl wni» le
gally t. ¦ !• 1. ,i i,y wiutum*. but the cir
cumstance* were nurh ns to prompt the
omrt to render a deolnlon adverse to Wil-
Hams. In order thnt the que*tion might
bfi speedily nettled John J. Qnlnn brought
fin action tiealnst the Auditor for nn or>
<3«t restraining him from auditing Fred
rkk's^ajary, on the pround that he was
not <jualrfled to receive It, his appolnt
xnrnt. U wn« altcgcd. being Illegal. s} '*
A demurrer to the complaint wan filed
and tho nrpument therenn wns« heard by
Judpes Cook. Mi;;.i- kv and SloBS, sluing
In bank. The decision handed down yes
terday overruled the demurrer and grant
«d the restraining order which was ap
plied for. The matter will now be heard
on Its merits, but in view of the decision
alluded to only one outcome to the action
is looked for, namely, a decision reiterat
ing the principles advanced in the deci
sion on the demurrer. This means that
Fredrick'B tenure of office is at an end
and that another clerk must be named
by the Justices and his appointment con
lirmed by the Supervisors.
Superior Judges Cook, Slots and Mu
rasky knocked another hole in the city
charter yesurday, when they handed
down a decision declaring void tho piovi
eions of section 1, chapter VII of that in
urument, relating to the cleric of the
Justices' Court. The ddcUdon is. In effect,
that the Mayor ha* no power to appoint
* clerk for that iourt. but that the au
thority to do eo is vrsfd In tho JJoard of
Supervisors, orhlch shall make the ap-
I'olntmrtit on tho rr-commcndntlou of tin-
Justices of the Peaco thrm*Hv«s.
Matter Will Be Taken
to Supreme Court
on Appeal.
Authority to Nomi
nate Vested Solely
in Tribunals.
Mayor Has No Power
to Create or Fill
Vacancies.
Material to Be Used in the Structures Will Be Colusa Stone and the Cost Will
Be Many Thousands of Dollars.
Dr. Dodgre said that to any further re
marks of Mr. Platt he would pay no at
tention. "Tho issue la closed; I am dolnR
my duty according to law, and that is all
there Is to the matter,"
It is my pride that San Francisco Is to-day
the fairest taxed city In 'the United States.
Wealth, corporate and other, has been made
to bear Us Just proportion of tne public bur
den. This result has been achieved by en
deavoring to strictly- carry | out the law, • and
by the adoption of business methods. Crttl
clsm of this course is best answered by the
results.
WASHINGTON DODGE. Assessor
This Is but one of many such cases; anothe
was the Lloyd Tevls estate. It serves to show,
however, how a public officer Is often mis
represented In the public press . without a
shadow of justification by the ignorant or
foolish.
On? of Many Cases.
To ll!ustiate: On October 10, 18D9, Mr.
Platt, as "expert" of the personal property
committee,' directed a communication to Uu
Beard o' Supervisors stating that he had "In
vestigated" the records of the Probate Depart
ment nnd found property inventoried nnd ap
praised belonging to the estate of Charlotte
A. I^ynch amounting to $X4,000, and etatlnj;
that it should be added to the ..assessment roll.
Th<r board then gravely passed a resolution
calling the attention of the Assessor tp the
matter. The Assessor, who keeps a deputy
In the Probate Court the greater part of the
year, knew the facts, and knew further thai
the "money" — SrHMOl*— In the estate was not
taxable to the estate as It was In a savings
bank and the bank paid the tax: that tht
"bonds" — $7'XM) — were quasi-public bonds and
so exempt from taxation according to law;
that the "other property" In the estate was
real estate which was already taxed, so that
the proportion to tax all this property was
absurd.- v'-"V<
Makes Illustration.
I Mr. Platt seriously asks why I did not
Bfsecs personal property in estates, as shown
by Inventory, when ordered to <lo so by resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors. The Hoard
or Supervisors In 18SW, at Mr. Platt's Instiga
tion, paspod numberless resolutions "Instruct
ing" the Assessor to assess property In estates
according to Inventory on file. I Ignored all
these resolutions for the obvious reason that
the property was not assessable according to
law, but the board, on Mr. Platt's motion, still
continued to pays such resolutions. I have
nfver explained to Mr. Plstt the law In this
matter, as he Is an "expert," but am willing
to explain the matter to the public.
Mr. Matt savs I do not Inform the merchant
R2 to what constitutes exempt merchandise, as
to the non-taxability of goods in transit; that
I assess solvent credi'.n at their face value; do
not Include in such money in bank, etc. etc.
These charges are false and ridiculous. There
are not one, but hundreds of merchants who
have had the benefit of every exemption men
tioned by him. His view and mine might have
clashed at- times, for I stood for the interests
of -the taxpayers at large, he ror the Interest
ot his particular client, who might, as was th.?
case In that of a certain large firm, refuse to
ray him his fee if their assessment was not
reduced. . V
Answers Platt's Statement.
Decision Irrevocable.
My di-clrhm, Imwcvi r, to «1 > w I . iu fur 11.1 poi<
mIIi|i<, with |iriiici|uili< In tliiTc muiii'ie, In Ir
ri'vucnhlc, It l« Iihm-iI on (uihI cxpit Ifiicc In
till* liffli-n, II Hi I Illr IrllMill:! IIUTlfol' It IN IIOl
mu'i'HXliry to hint.. li| dclilll, rlllfllct' It to niiv
that 1 derm It tu lx< for the puhlle. itood thut
till* court* in. imrnui-U. Every man ha*
tho right to employ what Biilittncc, !¦•¦
r.i'l "i" nilii i wIpi-, h«> wi.xhi'n In uwik
ln« up ItlN tax Miit. ¦tin in. hut when lio
D0B1M MfOtt tin Awhmii', he HiilHl null" III
direct contact; tliero cun In- no dlvlnlon of r«'-
K|.iiii*.ili|ili.v, nor liny lnt< rnudhiry. Thl* I* thn
I'OHlHnn 1 took, when 1 rcfu«(Mi in IMKi, to ap
point thin iiiiii" party, Mr, Alfred <i. I 'lull,
rn n. deputy In my ofuVi« to Hrrve without pay
nt the n-iju'-Hi <>£ » uuminlttcc uf thn Jtimnl uf
Supuvlaorn. (My letter to tho boarrl refus
ing to lrcnke thin npi'nlntmrnt will hp founil
on pngp 2!Mi of thp niunlclrnl rrportft for thai
year). The burden of Mr, I'UU'n eommunlea
tlon Is that In varloUH way* the merchant*
have been oppressed Bnd wronged by the Am
m?sor and Infercntlally the utatemcnt Is mad..
that they need Ji protector In the person of
Mr. rintt. 1 deny that they are either wronged
or oppressed. 1 will admit that their amJestt
tnenta hnv e been ralced some SU.000,000 In tho
ftgKreBatet but I am eonsclous of having been
as fair and just In my treatment of this cUbs
of our citizens as of every other .class.
CarMtn mimintfini'iiu In HU miuiniinuutloii
I il>fin it my duty to ccini'i't. My U-itrr to
Mr, I'liin. wnli'h wiin tin- ik'i'uhIoii of In* call*
ii'imii of me, mid which Infnrnii'd him that ini.i
year I would dent with principal* only in thi<
in. mi r Hi' lux return*, wan nut inlendrd to bfl
diKcuiiiii'iiiii or lo wound hi* fct-IIHK*.
To th* Editor of The Ca.l: In availing my
»olf or yuur kind offer u< wi iut« in which I
iuikI'I reply io the erlticlMiiii uf Alireil CS.
I'jutt bh imiiiuhi'd irryour i^.-ui* of yeitttrday,
1 iit-i-iij «• to htuif nt the outxi't unit 1 have, ur
will haw, mi iiuniTel with Mr. riutt, hut will
briefly answar mrh mairrm iiih oii.y uh con
(-•itii the r't-npl" nt largo, not Individual*.
The puluie m tin- .ilium- of my uftu-iul nets,
nut parwnti directly or specially <tit« r.-mt-ii.
Assessor Washington Dodge does not
propose that Alfred G. l'luti shall curry
off all the honors lor the iucreai-.e in us-
Htyainenta which Dodge has maae .^nee
ills incumbency in Office, and mato-a ivp.y
to che xtatementB made yesterday in i ho
Call by I'lntt uk follow*:
He. Quotes Numerous
Errors to Support .'
His Answer.
Assessor Dodge De=
hies Charges of
A. G. 'Plait.
ClaimsValuationsAre
Determined by
statutes
ALLEGES
BIAS OF
ACCUSER
WILL BEAUTIFY HOLY CROSS CEMETERY WITH
MAGNIFICENT GATEWAY AND LODGE BUILDING
WEDDING
IS KEPT A
SECRET
GENERAL
STATUTE
GOVERNS
A DECISION was filed by Judges Cook, Sloss and Murasky yesterday holding that section I, chapter VII of the city charter, governing, the appointment of Clerk to the Justices of the Peace is invalid. The reasons gizen by the court arc that
the Justices' Court of San Francisco is part of the judicial system of the State, and that the general laics of the State zuhich vest the Justices with power to appoint their clerk, subject to confirmation by the Board of Supervisors, neces
sarily govern. This ruling, if sustained by the Supreme, Court, will depose Poivcl Fredrick, Mayor Schmitz' appointee as clerk, vice E. IV. Williams, zvliozvas suspended for cause, and subsequently resigned.
CHARTER SECTION AS TO THE APPOINTMENT OF JUSTICES
CLERK IS DECLARED INVALID BY THREE SUPERIOR JUDGES
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29to 40
Miss Maude Fay leaves to-day for New
York en route to Europe, where she will
spend some time In Munich studying mu
sic before launching upon her operatic ca
reer. Miss Fay will be. well remembered in
this city, where she, has entertained many
an audience. She is the'daughter tt the
late Mr. Philip Fay, the prominent'politi
cian. • . •', .T;,"
* * •All goods marked In plain figures, fipp
clol'10'per cent dlnPountWctlncsdays'nnd
Saturday.. Lulbold Harness Co.,- 2U
Larkln street. •
Big Salo of Harness.:
Speculators had a pood day of it four
out of Eix well played favorites reaching
home in front of their fields. Business in
the ring was brisk, but the ring lobked
iii vain for a good "break" after 5 the
first trace.
Blackthorn, from the Burns & Water,
hotise stable, was served up right off the
coals to win the opening sprint. Hla price
fell from even money > to 11 to 20. Ruhino
a 4> /2 to 1 chance, piloted by Johnny Hoar'
Doreen. from the same stable, went lo
the post an even money chance for the
Futurity course run following. The 'filly
led , «nto tho stretch, only to be collared
and beaten easily by Tyranus, the third
choice, with O'Connor in the eaddle
Quadra experienced no difficulty in takl
ir.p the show from Killdoe. •
Tried old May W lowered tho colors of
Irue Blue I n the B lx furlong. purse affair
Ivach closed at odds of 7 to 5 May w
JV avl , ns >' onley for a P llot . breezed off | n '
the lead, and, all In at the ilnlsh, won by
neurly two Icnsths. St. PhHHplno, tlie
third choice and poHsesislng an undeniable
SSaSSS'It *&££?. '" beIntf prac -
Colonel Bnllantyn*'. trained by ."Doc"
IlobUlnivtooK the El Dorado handicap In
ubout the came fashion as May W (lid h«r
ro^ Ci ,«, Jhe bny .»o«o Bhouldored KaiiMch
and ltf r- pound., und .without bdnir h«a<le
downed Qalanthus more than u length at
Although tired; 'Silvia T^albot. the fleet
nily from Barney Schrelber's stable fin
ished third, several lengths ahead- of
Gavlota. With the stake money went the
magnificent silver trophy presented by
L. V. Cell, the New York broker, and
AUTVIS. the herculean son of G-j!d
<n Garter and Memento, delighted
a bis crov.d of race goers at Oak
land yesterday by defeating
High Chancellor frr. the $2000 Bell
Makes for two-yr-ar-clds. nt fivo furlongs.
It was r.o hollow victory, th.ugh, far Wn
nle O'Connor, on the Morris c<lt. found it
r.rcessary to ride Ills mount out to the
laFt ounce, then winning from 'the Chlnn
& Ponytbe representative by less than a
length. Artvis. in receipt of an eight
pound allowance, was the post favorite
Ht odds of B to 5. the books taking a deal
of coin at that figure. Coupled In the
betting. HIght Chancellor, with "Long
frhct" Conley in the saddle, and Georg^
WcKt,. ridden by "Jess" Matthews, were
next In drmar.d at 3. Gavlota. the Spreck
els entry, received substantial support,
.ind The Fog, a fact maiden by Magnet,
also came in for quiet backing. In all
tight contested for the prize. With
Fcarcely a perceptible delay at the post.
Jake Holtman «tnt the kindergarten claes
on their Journey, prettily aligned. Arabo,
the Jennings entry, with Troxler up,
rliowed the- way for a few panels, then
rtllncrulfched the lead to the .favorite.
Turnine Into the stretch. Artvlu had a
l<*ad of fully three lengths over High
Chancellor, with Gavlota a close third and
fiylvla Talbot fourth, down on tho rail.
Tho rare narrowed down to a duel be
iwrcn tho flr«t choice nn<l High Chan
cellar. At ono Btnffc It nccmcd the latter
<•¦ It would plucc liia 118 pounds over tho
Jin«« flmt, but O'Connor went to work llko
a Trojan, lundlns hlu mount firm oy leu*
¦Him » .Icjuitri.. : The, track r.a» mu^dy.
Ui.c Uinti. IM, in.'ni'.ii u fair pcrfurmnnce.
The announced weights for the Metro
politan handicap, to be .run over the
"Withers mile" ort the opening day at
Westchestcr, May 3, are as follows: .
BanaEter, a ........127 Ben Mac Dhul, 4... 100
Watercolor, 4 120 Telescope, IS .....'..100
Blues, i l'-JJ Lanceman, 4 ......UK)
Alcedo, 5 122. Old England.' 3.... .100
Bonnlbert, 4 .......121 Smoke, 'B-.; ,.10O
McMeekln, B 120 King Hanover, 3,.. 100
Herbert, 5 .........110 Sombrero, 3 ....;.. 09
Ten Candles. 6 lia Pentecoet, 3 OS
Advance Guard, 5. .lit! Raturday, 3 ........ US
Roehamptcw, 4 . ...110 Chllton. 3 sis
Bllverdale, 4 ..Ill De Reszke. 3 1)8
Irritable, 4 ........112 Kmart Set, 3.,,..'.. 07
Lady fichorr, 4,.,.. 112 Disadvantage, 3 .. 07
Brigadier, 6 .......110 Dixie Line, 3 07
Black Fox. 4. 110 All GoW.'O, 07
His Eminence, 4. ..110 Wealth, 4 l»o
FJIkhorn, 0 ..103 Hataeoo, a-... 05
Heno, 3 ........ ...107 'Waterboy, ,1 ,..,,,, t)5
Far Rockaway, 4,,, 107 The Auuizon, B,' ,',',, 03
Argregor, 4 ..10(1 nosslgnol, Ii „ !ir>
Gulden, 5..../.....1QU Port Ilayal, 3 03
Endurance by Riant. Keynote,. 8 01
a .....10(1 Pnra II.' 4 oi
Mlnehiovous. 0 .77} 103 Lux Ciiatn, ;i til
UnmnHked.. 0 10u lion Mot; ;i 0,)
Joe Krey. 4. . .... ,.JM Aruennl. .'! ui)
Col. Podden, 4. ...,10t KnrlRht, Jl o....... 00.
Knmnrn, 0 Wl Northern Star, 3... DO
Illue Qlrl, !l .10.'l Kcnrlot Lily, 0 m
Carbuncle, 5 ...... l(«l Joymukfr, a''..,.,, 8«
llflna; 4 .,'.,..;,,.', W2 John Uarl6ycoin, II. m
Wliliky Klnjj, 3. ...101 Alilke, 5 .......... bo
Since the soldierly behavior of Colonel
Ballantyne In his recent battles Harry
Stover keeps all his bird cages securely
locked.' "Doc" Robblns undoubtedly ser
cuied a bargain when he claimed the bay
horBe, even If. ho". is a bit "dickey" at
times.
Gavlota struck herself, ..pulllngv ' up
slightly lame Friday morning, 'which ac
eiCent probably did- not tend to sharpen
her speed. / . # ¦
Willie Sink was so sweet on his colt
The Fog that he gave Johnny Woods -$200,
•win or lose, to take the mount.
Nash Turner would have ridden High
Chancellor had the opportunity' offered.
The son of Odd Fellow Is about/the" best
tv/o-year-old 6hown at the meeting, ( and
with Turner's well known ability as a
pilot of young horses it might have. made
a material difference at the wire. \.
After losing about $20,000 booking, Joo
RoFe concluded to take a rest and was
not seen on the block yesterday.-
Conley rode two winner* in May W and
Hungarian. ' Winnie O'Connor accepted
but two mounts, Tyranus and Artvls. "He
won on both;
Frank Weir, owner of Flattered, claimed
Quadra from.' the second race for $625."
Track Notes.
Open Htiik»— n. Benderman's Comlque beat
O. Bexumlth'ii Fulton Boy, ia-0; J. M. Car
roIl'M- CaRcndo l)e«t O. WaUh'a Onil.int. 0-0;
ii. 8, Uarre's Boodln Boy bt>at F. Ro*unl>eriser'«
MH«ter.Uly,,12.4; F, Hosonbcrger's Ludy ¦ Chi
•julttt beat A H, Curtis'* Lord UfttcoiiifluM,
jI-8: rnnhii Kfiiincli' Jt«cklr>Hi Admirer bent
F. 8, Cljp«!thnm'nnppr«fntntiv<>/ !«•¦»; Paihn
.Kennels' Renal /ittlre MD, llock'i Ladlo»'
For th,e special stake Vandal. and Flying
Fox share favoritism . at odds of 5 to 1;
Old Ironsides,'. Nardssu3, Homer Boy and
Little Sister. are at 6. to 1;. Luxor. .Wedge
wood, Fenil, lroland,., Iklerrimac and
Charta are at S to 1. . A.J. Martin is con
sidered to have a good outside chance.
In the open stake John Heenan has been
installed favorite at odds of 4 to 1; Boodle
Boy, Forest Queen and Miss Brummel are
next in demand, each at 6 to 1.. '
The detailed results of yesterday's
coursing, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow : ' . • ... ¦
.Puppy stake— J. Horn's McHenryi beat Star
Kennels' Game Bird, 0-2; A: R. Curtis' Gala
tea beat J, V. Kodtjers' Sullust, 13-7; J. W.
Fahey's October Lad beat "•P. A. McComb's
Otto. 8-0;rSterl & Knowles" Refrigerator, a
bye, Roving. Arab withdrawn; F. Rodgers 1
Glaucua . beat F. , Caul field's Bocco Girl. C-2;
J. Sulllvan'p Sllevenumon beat D, Toland'a
Corn Boy, 20-2; H. Perlco's Belfast beat D.
¦Wiekin^'s "Vounis Rusty, h-7! T. Sullivan's St.
Simon beut P. Uoyle'H JUbW Stepper,, 0-3,
Second rounil—McIIenry bent Ualatea, 15-10;
October Lad beat Refrigerator, IS-Us Glaucux
lieat Sllevenamon, n-u; Uelfait beat 8t. Hlmon,
In the match bietween Sacramento Boy
and Sisqiioc to bo run to-day the-betting
men are divided, each dog having a big
following. ' It is even money and take
your choice/ The first course will be run
before luncheon and the remaining ones
at intervals of one "hour each.
; The, day's coursing was marked by the
number of strong favorites which were
defeated, chiefly, owing to. tricky hares.
The biggest upset, was the defeat of Rec
tor by Royal Union at 7 to -1... Little Jim
beat- Pcplta, Shylock Boy beat Rich Ar
gosy and Home Rule beat Little Bob, all
at 5 to 1. Fenil beat Harlean Gladys, My
Nell 'beat Flower of Gold and Lady;ChI
quita beat Lord Beaconsfleld '. at ,4 .to 1.
Mamie Pleasant beat Leola, Sir Lawrence
beat Ruby Sarikey, > Bright Gold beat 1 Roy
Hughle at 3 to 1.' These were only a few
of the courses the, talent failed to pick
correctly. - j ¦ . '¦•¦'¦'
Tho flrst round of the special stake' at
Union coursing park yesterday afternoon
was run In a drenching rain, with an oc
casional hall storm' for variety. ,
TRICKY HARES
UPSET BETTORS
Sho has a fln keel, which Is virtually a
stationary center-board, and Is built on
linos laid down by B. B. Crowninshleld
of Boston. The hull looks as if it might
have been finished in a hurry, but tho
yachtsmen. Interested In herdeclare that
never before In the history of local yacht
bulMlng has so much care been expended
on the construction of a racer.
'• The challenger is a'queer looking craft,
as dissimilar from the regulation bay
yacht as was her mode of launching un
like' the traditional stately slldg down
slippery ways. ,
.The San F -anclsco Yacht Club members
turned out In strong force and many men
prominent in yachting affairs attended the
launching.
Everybody . unloaded on Hungarian to
tide them over "four-mile day" and the
Hanover gelding "delivered the mall."
"Long-shot" Conloy had the leg up and
passed every station In front. Four . or
live lengths back Roscoe Troxler on Phil
Archibald and Kansch astride Lodestar
engaged. in a battle for the place, the for
mer receiving, tho verdict by a nose.
The yacht was taken to the scene of
tho launching securely cradled on the |
deck of a two-horse truck. The truck
with Its queer looking load was rolled un
der, a pair of lofty shears and turned over
to Hlgger William H. Smith, upon whom
devolved the recponslblllty of translating
the racing machine from its un-nautlcal
perch on dry land to the clement In whlcli
It Is expected to win glory for its owners.
the wire. Mechanus, which horse seems
to have gone back, managed to finish
third. Wolhurst made a decidedly poor
bhowlng tinder tho manaRement of Wins
lette. Willie Knapp could do nothing
with Bragg. . ' '
THE,' fln keel racing sloop; built by
the members .of . S^an Francisco
Yacht Club.for the purpose' of en
tering the annual race, for tho
perpetual challenge cup, now
held by the Corinthian Club, was suc
cessfully launched, yesterday from Fol
som-strcct wharf No. ?.
L. W. Bartela of Denver, former keeper
of the American Stud Book, waa an In
terested spectator yesterday at Union
Park. Ho has not, been here' for several
years and was impressed with the marked
Improvement in the greyhounds.
Choice, 5-2; W. C. de B. I*opez n Jewess beat
E. i;. Hathoway'n Bridget Cleary 18-10; Kelly
ft Hanley'B IiUahmaeh Lad beat \V. Calm's
Kasllake, 10-1; J: Connolly's New Moon beat
F. B. Qerber's Mt. Ida. 4-2; W. Cairn's Im
perial beat T. Burke'a L.ottla W. 2-0; Alameda
Kennels' . Clarice beat O. W. Coombs' Rustic
Arbor, 6-3; J. H. McNeil's Blackhawk beat
O. Glock'8 Alameda Lad. 0-5; M. Fancy's
Home Rule beat J. I. O'Brien's Little Boh,
12-0; T. Cox's Crockett Hill beat W. Oroen's
Lone Mountain, (!-.".; T. Burkc's John Hcenan
beat A. McLeod's Pure Pearl, 7-4; M. N'ealon's
Agamemnon beat W. C. Badger's Alert, 6-2;
Kelly & Hanley's Preclta Maid beat T. Burke's
Sotoyame, 5-4; Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat
beat A. IJonaclch's Lily H, 22-0; F. Rosen
berger's My Nell beat P. M. Clarkson's Flower
of Gold. 7-3; J. Hurley's Shylock ,Boy beat
Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy, 5-0; M. Nealon'g
Fred Freedom beat Kelly & Hanley's Fearful
Ship, 5-3; J. Sheridan's Forest Queen beat J.
Hurley's Rlley-Grannan.-10-l; E. Geary's Lit.
tie Jim beat W.C. de B. Lopez's Peplta, 7-5;
P. J. Reilly's Honesty beat P. Morgan's Peer
less, 6-.'l; J k S. Badt> Lnvlna beat J. Sutton's
Blue Ribbon, 5-3; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brum
mel beat L. M. ConneU'B Black Coon, 5-4- H
H. Gray's My Dog a bye, Fiery Friend with
drawn; 'E. N. Whlteslde's Flower Friend beat
D. Wilklng's La Estrella, C-4; W. Johnson's
Articulate beat E. - Reddy's Vera, 7-3- F
ch'fe h f lu o c ' k 't"h, s i![f,rT»- y 3. bcat u c : Honiaa ' i
Special stake — Tiburon a bye, . Gold Vua
withdrawn; H. H Gray'B Rona beat A. Van*
derwhite'B Flora McDonald, 10-8; A R Cur
tls' ' Old Ironsides ' beat E. Geary's Bonn U
HuRhle; 5-0; A. R. Curtis' Charta beat S
meda Kennels'. Black Bart. 4-0; Alameda Ken
nels' Merrlmac • beat J. Trade's Belle Rocket
18-5; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat Co
Peterson's •. Silver Cloud, .4-1: A. R Cvrtla 1
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat. A. R Curtl^ :
Loyal- Lad 20-0: G. Sharman's Little Ser
t.eat | Alameda. Kennels' Melr«e Lad 4-0- j
Cowling's Sir Lawrence beat E. ' Geary's Rub^
k<!^, 4 -? : , P ,S Sha Kennel.' Roman* AtWete
beat. Chlarlnl Brothers' White Hat 8-0 -f-
Geary's Ireland beat A. R. Curtis" " Anchor.Va"-
Sii/°2Sf Wedeewood beat Ster! & Knowles :
COld Shivers, 2-0; E. Geary's FenH beat f
Jones' Harlean Gladys. M: A. R' T? ur tu :
Luxor beat d. j. Healey's Tapioca, 0-3 •
Chlarlnl. Brothers' Santonin beat Pasha KenI
nel's Rural Artist, 0-5; J. L. Ross' Font enoy
l*at A. R. Curtis' War Eagle. 10-4; O. Nelhe£
fZ 1 } e i F i T<ta £ S, beat SterI & 'Knowles- Freeze
Out. 8-1 : E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat T W
nartels'Boeu. Baron, ft-O; T.-J. Cronln's Vanl
beat J. Trade's Cosey, 4-0; O. 7nl,|".
Homer Boy beat F. Jones' Tyrone Prince,' 6. 0 ;
Chlarlnl Brothera' Dewdrop beat T W Bar
tels' Bogus Brummel, 6-3; A. R. Curtis' Nar
clsnus beat Alameda Kennels' Lilac 6-0- C
Pickard's Bright Gold beat E. Geary's Roy
liughle, . 0-0. ¦ ¦¦-..:'.
. The new boat Is forty-two feet over
all and twenty-six feet on the water line.
She will be ready for a preliminary spin
next Saturday. She was built by John
Twigg & Sons, and will cost when com
pleted about $2100.
Tho America then took her In charge
and towed her over to Sausallto, where
her mast will be stepped and rigged.
With the San Francisco, Yacht Club pen
nant at her bow and the/stars and stripes
on a Jury. flagpole aft,: the challenger was
swung out over the water, and ' exactly
at 2:40 p. m lowered gently into the bay.
As she touched the water the .yachting
crowd gave three cheers, Kitterman'8
launch America tooted a triple salute and
the launching had been safely accom
plished.
While the .yachtsmen examined the .hull
and . discussed the" challenger's- lines,- Rig
ger Smith and his, men fitted,, the sloop
with, a rope harness'.' viij /which she was
hoisted from her land 'cradle. " • . •
LAUNCIIII<f0 "OF •' THB'.i-FIRSX.".
yACHT>ByiLT • on . t^is' coast;
SOLE^FOR; RACING. •. : ':.U'v^ %&
:tl<>7. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and up; to flrst. $325.
IndcxiHorse. Age. Wcight.lSt. V 3 . %. ¦ Str. Fin. } Owner and Jockey, j <§!"%.
?%l U^ hi r a - '¦''¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦1"*\ 1 14 1 :« 1 I 1 1>4 IsLmmers & Co Hoar" it 0^2
S2s'J5£S£ tbon V;.? 107i " 2 1Vs - 10 '"' 5 - 10 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 111-20
•rWl 1 El lvarn. 4 ll'i) 4 5 (i 5 3 A ;in o S W H Grissim Pr'or S 7
«^»*""H^ J^S^MI* J -H.' Wa r i?eV m :::::. F See CO 160
'4vi !Vf^ Gr ?' *-.V> JS ' { ! % 3 n 5 :{ 5 J^ i Frank Duffy.. K. Shields : .yo 00
SSt|S2!*2 l *C5 It?" 2 2: > S 13 « 1 On M. Ailman Romero 30 00
:^ln e ufP°-± \\« S A ° 4 7 h 71 7 1Vj Mrs. I'crsico Persico 00 40
'••£i ?tM 8 ' k't" «"i n .n 8 2^ 4h S 13 8 10 J- H. Bradford... Conley 40 40
.^HL ILLt._aHnch_Jr.. W..iaO! t» 9 9 tf t) H, E . Rowell. . .Hoffman M0 100
T1 wT~ 1/4 ' ir 5^ 1 '-' :S4Vi i 5»*f. 1:14. Coed Etart. Won all out. Second and third driving.
\\imicr. O. fcumrncr» Ai Co.'s ch. g. by Star Kuby-Torflna. Away well. Rubino outfooted
the lavente a.i the way. El Kara should have been closer up. Scratched— Mrs. Drunell
ill, lielcn hmith 114.
ZlUtH. SECOND RACB— Futurity course; gelling; three-year-olds; to first. $325.
j ¦ 1 -
Index IIor«» and Weight. jSt. u. «j. Btr Fin. Owner and Jockey. oT)!" 1 "^".
ryJiSi};™™" \™ T ? J4. T J'-S 2 "* i~2 Summers & Co..O'Connr 2 12-5
••-4 la?,Zr, If, - 1 - Si»i5 S5 2 2»4 Burn. & WBterh«..Ranch 4-5,1
'¦'."£, H ,^ ra 1( -; - h 4i :i :{ " 8 Hnidcc & Co Jackson .'{ «
•Sl'J i5 l!1 , d ',* ••• "* 5 * »H 8 h 4 3 4>^ B. Sc-nrelber... J.Daly 10 «O
&"' J? " l , Way JJSli S<i 5U 5<J 6& W. F. McShe IT y.....Se e «0 2 5o
±dlJZ l ™*L ea^ « 0 « 0 C F. D. Weir. .......Hoar 00 000
n4Ol*. THIRD RACE— Six furlono: thrcc-year-oldg and up; to fi7st. $S25.
lTt *' xll J 0 ™- AKe - Wdght-jst 'j. »;. Str. Fin. | Owner and Joclcey. O l^ U "ci.
3U3 |May W. a 3<>fi I 1 % 1 iy 3 i ju 1 ivT T) Cameron ConW ~>
-= r dL.' A i«£*_J J . ;L hln 9 , p.J.1 .^_«» « 0 « |rcrricqJfe_All'ghm.:p"S inn ' 40S
Time— \i. :-S»i; 14. :53; %. l:2i»4. Uad Htart. Won cleverly. Second^ioT third 'dHvlnr
Winner. U. CuaeraB'a b. m. l,y Eutl Plume-FV'ola. True Blue wa« "ut.irn T t . win
:t-IH». FOUKTU RACE— Five furlony; IU-11 «takc»; two-ycar-oldg; to flrst, ?15(jO.
j j ' — »-l— _
lnd.«|Hor«e an -3 Wt!ght.|Bt Vj. %. Str. Fin. Owner »nd Jockey. $?*¥&
Tiirie_V 4( •&• \i£iSl%t %. 1:03. Had start. Won first three driving.""-" Wlnn-r "a" n Mo7
ii ' ' P. GoUhn Oart#-r-M«nr : nto. Artvlg had the best ra^ng lurk tronley on Chan
Sin « fIFT;i RACE— One mile; El Doradol^an^p ;' th^e^yTa^o^^
> l a «)j^g^_AC'._VM«fat.lgt. V«. %¦ Str. nn._|_Own>rjind Jockey. (&""%*
%5E3w£&&ii&vz ha ' l08t hls * peed - Knapp ««w3«^W?BiSS B ;-t
S412. SIXTH RACE— Mile and SO yards; gcl!ln S ; thrl^^o^&^^^^^^^
™!dUZZ+*F- _l!!g h !:! st : v <- *• Etr - Fln - 1 Owng 1» n(i Jo^ey,- :| o^ l5^ r
r.^*5n2)|Hur.Karian C ..'..111 1 15 14 1 C 14 o ¦W~irilTpr r^ilC'i'o'r ,. ' '
«rw7)!L.-?al ilkxirn, 3.. n.I 4 r. " a 3 4 n 4 4 •{ JonW&Co ?^ h 6 l!i
OAKLAND B.ACETBACK— Saturday, March 8, 1902.— "Weather showery. Track
floppy. ,i
THE CALL'S R,A.OI3STO FOK,3yE CHART
¦ MEXT.
Han Kranclnco— I fp | Oakland— fu^
T. O. MeCoiiki-j-...| •; Arthur Ooodall •
It. J. HunibauRh... •jT. K. Hutchinscn. . •
"VV. K. Lestfr O;j. II. Arr.ru 10
I>r. J. it. Clark... 8 1'. K. U.wlos Jr.. 0
J^onaM Cheiwry..| A.Krnnk Kalp« 0
W. 11. Ua. lioyteauxl O.I. O. Cndman 4
<\ V. Mullin* O,W. U. Carpenter.. fi
Wcrthingtoii Amen. 2 I'rof. C. M «3aylpy 0
Andrew Carrtpan.. 1 Ilev. E. B. Jiaker. 0
Total IC Total "ia
Homo- and -Homo. Match to
Bo C< n -;i.d;ti Next
Saturday.
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RAGING AT OAKLAND TRACK
Tied.
The second half of the match will be
The statement has been made that J.
W. Byrne, president of the San Francisco
Golf Club and of th«. Pacific Coast Golf
Association, among those who failed
to qualify in the competition for the Pa
ciflc Coast amateur championship, which
was concluded last Thursday on the links
of the Los Angeles Country Club. As Mr.
Byrne has not been in Los Angeles and
<3ld not try to qualify the statement was
in error.
Tho officers of the trial*, were MM.
Reeves, starter; Anthony Cadocan, ref
eree; *"red Koch, TV ¦ Iiosburg and 9.
HerBhtnan, timers; J. Schweitzer, clerk
cf. the course. ¦ '¦ ' : ' .-¦
played next Saturday on the Presidio
links, when both clubs will endeavor to
bring: full teams on the ileld. " :.•>
The nthlettu representing Lowell High
Bcbool lifld n try-out yesterday morning
cm tho t'nivfrplly of California cluOcv
lnUh. Tho trneU vvftrt Covered with vmlcr
fiom (he t>r«'t'loti* rilght'flirolOJ making
fust time Impotable. Tho races rcsultod
ua follows l
50-yar<1 rtanlv— -Won by Ml<1<lleton, Jospfhson
»pcon<l, Schwartz third. Time, 0 ecconds.
lW-ynrd ilatli — Won by Mld'lleton, Schwartz
second. TIijip, 11 1-5 seconds. . . ' •. ' .
i.'20-yaril doiih— Won by Abbott, Lochman
BcccnJ, Bra tlilrO. Time, 2S 1-5 seconds. •:
KSO-yard run — Won liy Montgomery, rllacel
eocond, Ilotvley third. Time, 2:18 1-5. • : ? ;
Mile run — Won bv Morton,- Gibson second.
Tinu. 5: in.
Tvo-mile run— Won by De Manuel, Gibson
*econd, Myer third. Time, 11:45%.
Tcftta* rfjirceejillng' c1nr* M of the 8 m
tfrandftCd nnJ •'.:. i.m .| liult rlulu* met
ycstcrdHy on t> c l'oinl Ail.titisi Hnko Jn
the IIipI half nt ft lhlit»-*plx hole hvinu*
fciiiMioine tournament. Oaklnnd %vmi ?,
ii'. 11 v.as intended (ho tennis would
COIUdlt «>f Led nun 'nth, but llic vleilora
Iflnji one man FhoN. it r.us kftetA to
rlaj- nine mon on a s:Ji?, without penalty
Tor the absent re. In thr flm ro.ind the
« Mkliindcru were 12 up nsnlnFt the Ban
J r ranci.«(o jr.rn's 3, but in the second
lound tfa« visitors scored I" up iigaimt
31 up of the home team, thus !eavin« the
Cuklnnders S up on t'ie afternoon's play.
The links wore rain-soaked and heavy.
The highest store made oil cither side
v.as J. II. Amos' 10 up fur Oakland, Dr.
J. R. Clark's s up being the hfffhest gain
on the fian Francisco side. The visitors
T.cre without the services of II. H. Gay
lord and Dr. C. J. Doc.Xcr, who stood fifth
and eighth in the team selected by Cap
tain Leonard Chenery. The full Ecore3
ere shown in the table:
IXTEHCLUIi CLASS B COLF TOUIINA-
Heavy Condition of tho Path
Makes Fast Timo
Impossible. '
Lowell High School Run
ners Are Tried
Out.
Home Nino Beats Visi
tors From .This City
on the Links.
YOUNG ATHLETES
ON THE TRACK
OAKLAND GOLFERS
ARE IN THE LEAD
YACHTING ENTHUSIASTS LAUNCH
CHALLENGER FOR PERPETUAL CUP
SPORTSMEN. ARE SEEN AFIELD DESPITE THE VERY INCLEMENT WEATHER
VALUABLE HORSES
PASS IN REVIEW
BOXERS WANTED
IN ENGLAND
Big Money Offered for
Coronation Week
Events.
Thousands . Witness a
Novel Exhibition at
. Haywards.
Townopooplo Decide to Mako
of It an Annual
Event.
Yalo and Harvard Invited to
Bond Over Amateur
Athletoo.
NEW YOflK, March J.-W. A. Oavla
and W. C. Lee of tho National Sporting
Club, I^ndon, arrived to-day on th«
uteamerBt. Paul.
" w « n «ve come," gala Mr. Gavin, "to
try to induce American champions of boa
ing, fencing and wrestling to so to Eng
land during coronation week, there to
meet the best men Great Britain and
ether countries of Europe can produce.
What we chiefly want is the champions
of the army and navy. They must be
men at present in the country's service
and not like Tom Sharkey. who, although
formerly in the United States navy, has
been a professional for years.
We will also try to get Harvard and
Yalo to send their best boxera to Eng
land to compete against those of Oxford
and Cambridge. Lord Lonsdale, the pres
ident of our club, has offered a cup as
a prize for the winner of a boxing contest
between Harvard and Oxford. The Earl
of Kingston will also offer a cup for the
winner cf a contest between the boxers
of Yale and Cambridge.
"The chief feature of the tournament
will be a tug-of-war between twelve
picked men of Europe and twelve of the
United States. Amateurs will receive
trophies and the professionals cash prizes.
"The. club has a belt valued at Sdow
which will be given in addition to a large
money prize to the best heavyweight pro
fessional boxer. He must be the best his
country can produce. No second-rate
man will be considered. The contest will
be held in Covent Garden, London. If we
ran arrange for some of the competitions
to be held in the ope,n air we will do so."
Lowering cloudi, which lata In th«s day
poured forth *. drenching rain, somewhat
interfered with the programme, yesterday
(it HaywuruV first unnuul homo show.
The affair, despite unfavorable Weather,
proved a signal success. The members
of tho committee having It In charge were
highly 'gratified at the large number of
horsemen who attended. The representa
tion of horses from prominent stock
farms in Alameda and adjoining counties
wad satisfactory. The many private
equipages that graced the long procession
also lent additional Interest to the dis
play.
From early morning until 1 o'clock, the
time set for the parade, there was a
steady stream of horsemen with fine
stock, headed for the Alameda County
town. The display included 100 horses, of
various classes when /Grand Marshal
liamaRo sounded the 'call to advance.
Heading the parade was the grand mar
shal and his aids— O. R. Walpert, Ralph
Harrison and D. E Turner. The Forest
ers' band discoursed march music. Then
followed the long line of livestock. The
line of march took the paraders through
the principal streets. Samuel D. Gamble,
a prominent horseman of Pleasanton,
announced the name and pedigree of the
blood horses as they were driven past the
reviewing stand at Watkins street. Sev
eral thousand- people were lined along the
streets, showing keen Interest in the su
perb display of horseflesh. .
/Among, the residents of Haywards who
labored zealously for the success of thl3
iirst undertaking were George Cake?, M.
Henry, George Gray, George Ramage and
G. S. Langan. • • - .
The affair will hereafter be an annual
fixture. . . • .
LONDON. March 8.— While private telegrams
from Cape Town to-day report that Cecil
Rhodes is tn a critical condition, the officials
here of the British Chartered South Africa
Company say he Is conducting his business cor
respondence as usual.
Arrested for Cruelty.
Assistant Secretary McCurrle of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals arrested L. Lornegan, a Spear
street livery stable keeper, yesterday for
brutally whipping a horse. Lornegan was
released on Siu cash ball.
/THE SAN TR-Scis^ 9, 1902.
30
©©o©e©e©ooo®0@oooooooo©©©esoo©oooooooQoocooo
I now I Cure
I Weak, Puny Men
© :¦;.-. v'; ¦••';/¦,
S Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry,
O from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice
© for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any
2 man of his age.
5 I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never in-
© tended by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make bet- |
§ ter than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength ,
0 I can make as good as he ever was.
© ' I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws
® of nature. I can stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
q A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps
69 badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis- ,
• couraged. inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambi- i
J tion and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity '
2 which the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
q The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your ani-
O mal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man- ,
© ner my Belt will replace it. and will cure you. ,
2 - Mr. Harry U. Jackson. Valleton, Cal.. writes March Is •¦ "Although you are a
2 stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I
© - am more than grateful to you. Already I can feel the visor of new life In my body;
0 no aches and no pains. I wish you every success In your work."
® Letters like that tell a story which* means a great deal to a sufferer.
S They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
q useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
© My Belt has 'a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces I
© and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man. ;, i
© I make the -best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted i
© twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every- <
? thing else has ..failed are my best arguments!
«? Mr. John Gately. Long Valley. Cal.. writes January 20. 1002: "Tour belt has re- \
2? lieved me of rheumatism and stomach trouble to such an extent that I can now do a
© good day's work In peace. I have gained thirty pounds In weight and am still 1m- <
© proving." : V' v _ i
§ Give me a' man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or <
2 joints, "come-and-go" pains in the shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in j
q his hip, Lumbago.' Rheumatism, or any ache- or pain, and mv Belt will
©pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of <
© pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. (
© Mr. E. B. Miller of Compton ave.. Los Angeles. Cal., writes on March 7. 1902' <
9 "I have used your high grade Belt for two months for lame bark, rheumatism and I
A weakened nerves, and am now a well man. I have gained over six pounds In weight >
S ; and feel as strong and hearty as I ever did." J
O They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or ham- <
• let in the country which has. not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. <
• Now, what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what '
® you ought to be, can you ask any better'proof to make you try it? Is (
S there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure, and as *
q cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You
9 must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for 1
© their, future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter (
0 ought not to be delayed. . <
© It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes *
• no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no i
5 sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. ' <
5 Send for my beautiful book, full of the things which a man likes to 2
© read if he wants to be a strong man.* I send it sealed, free Cut out t
6 this ad. j
!§g§| dr. m, 0, Mclaughlin, sS .1
5" NOTE— When you uee Dr. McLnughlln's El»ctrJc Halt you are under the can «?(
O a phyilclan. Agent* or drug storcii are never allowed to sell these gooUa. iMany Members and Their 'Friends Witness Interesting Ceremony
and Discuss Practical Plans for Raising Funds in Furtherance
,. of Scheme to Erect a Student Hospital on ¦ the Campus
PRYTANEAN SOCIETY INITIATES
CLEVER YOUNG COLLEGE MAIDENS
1 ¦•: OAKLAND, March 8.— Licenses- to
marry were issued : to-day ,to i Howard "c."
Bronson, aged 23" years,, arid - Eva T. Oli
ver, aged 20 t both of Sulsun. -.:¦¦. .; .
Licensed to Marry.
And he pointed out some sandwiches
tmd cheese that had decorated the .table
for two years without losing their pristine
ieauty.— Chicago Tribune.
"Is it true?'/ asked the Investigating
Gentleman of the Saloonist, "that you put
so much salt on the free lunch in order
to induce thirst In your patrons?"
"Not much," said the Saloonist. grow
ing suddenly communicative. "We put
salt tm it to. preserve It."
PLEASANTON, March &.— Friends of
David Daniels, formerly employed at'.the
Alameda'- Sugar Company's works, have
lost . all trace of him • since October, .when
he sent his effects to the Farmers' Hotel
and never appeared to claim them. '
Search for, Missing Man.
BERKELEY, March , 8.— The new Ger
man Evangelical- Lutheran church of • the;
Bethlehem Congregation at the corner of
Grove -and' Mason streets will be dedi
cated: to divine worship to-morrow. Th?
pretty edifice has just been completed an?l
the /congregation has now for the first
time "a home of its own. -Two services
will be. held to-morrow. In the morning
the Rev. J. H. Schroeder'of St. John's
Church,' ; San Francisco, will preach in
German. In -.the: evening the Rev. John
H. Theiss of Zion Church, Oakland, who
Lutheran" Church Dedication.
For Dewey Theater patrons during the
week, commencing Monday evening, the
management will present, a. spectacular
production of "Under Two Flags,'.' a
dramatization of Ouida's celebrated. novei.
Fanny Gillette will play. Cigarette.
OAKLAND, March 8.— Madame Emma
Nevada will sing Tuesday evening at the
Macdonough Theater.
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND, March 8.— Carlos Suanullo,
25 years old, a laborer, shot himself with
a. pistol in the left breast' to-niKht at 11
o'clock in a saloon at the corner of
Seventh and Franklin streets.. He was
removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
he told the surgeons he waa tired of life.'
His condition .is - critical. .' Suanullo. is a
native of Colombia, unmarried.
Colombian Shoots Himself.
OAKLAND, March S.— Willis Polk, the
San Fi-ancisco society man and architect,
began suit to-day against the estate of
the late G. W. Percy, the architect, for
$4100, which he claims is a balance due
from the deceased on a bill. for $6250 for
fcervlccs rendered. Polk computes his bill
cr. a basis of $500 a month. He presented
the biy to Mrs. Percy, but she as ex
ecutrix rejected it. , . . .
Folk Sues for Fees.
- OAKLAND, March 8.— After deeply
slashing his throat to-night with 'a knifa
W. . R. Davis, colored, a Pullman car
porter, wandered for three hours about
town, being located In a lumber yard at
Second and Castro streets, >tlve blocks
from where he made the attemut to end
his life. The. police found Davis at 10:30
o'clock and sent him to th^ .Receiving
Hospital.' The surgeons say his recovery
Is doubtful, ; for the windpipe v;a's' almost
severed and, the wounded man' was very
low from" hemorrhage. -.^ The^juttlnc was
done at Seventh and Castro streets about
7:30 o'clock. ; The police could not ascer
tain the cause of . Davis' suicidal act.- He
Is about 24 years old.; .
ders Three Hours After Slash
ing Himself With Knife.
W.'-B.- Davis, Pullman Porter, Wan-
TBIES TO END LIFE
BY CUTTING THROAT
OAKLAND, March 8.— Howard Kimball
began ! suit to-day to I restrain the county
of Alameda, Horry Meek and others from
diverting the waters' of Crow Canyon
Creek for road watering purposes. Ho
claims that if the water (is taken out of
the creek he will have none to Irrigate his
land, which is below the proposed point
of diversion. .The Meeks and the county,
agreed sorae^tlme^ago 'that the water
should be taken from the creek to water
the roads and a dam Is building for the
purpose. • ' .
Fears Loss of Water Supply.
OAKLAND, March 8.— It '„ took Hugh
Keenan, wh6 is urging his claims to his
deceased wife's property, some-time to-day
to recollect his .wedding day. At first he
said he could not remember. Judge Og
den said he could not foigot such an in-;
teresting period in his life. Keenan
pleaded that he is. older than the Judge.
The Judge replied that happy events late
In life should be all the more Impressive.
The absent-minded man finally remem
bered that.it was in 1S04. .' ¦.
Forgets His Wedding Day.
When arrested Mrs. Bently stated that
she did not want to give bail, as she was
afraid that she would not get It back
again. The misdemeanor of which she
was convicted consisted of falling to con
nect wlfh the sewer one of . the houses
which she rents in West Berkeley. Mrs.
Bently is a woman well along .in year3.
Bhe was represented by Attorney A. R.
Hewitt of Oakland, while Town Attorney.
B. A, Hay no conducted the prosecution./
BERKELEY, March 8.— After testifying
in court that she had $20,000 worth of
property In this city Mrs. .Honorah Bently
of West Berkeley went to the County Jail
this evening rather than furnish 550 bail.
She was convicted In Justice .Edgar's
court to-day of violating a town sanitary
crdinanqfe, and when Monday morning
v/as set as the time for sentence the ques
tion of bail or jail arose and Mrs. Bently
took the latter without a murmur. !
Rather Than G'.ve Bail
, Honorah Bently Is
Locked Up.
Now doth tho seashore lobster come In
with the under toe.
An agent for a new encyclopedia called
upon a young man, who said that he did
not need tho book because he already had
a very tine encyclopedia In a great many
volumes. He did not know Just how many
volumes there were, nor did he know tho
name of the editor or publisher. H
simply knew that they were large and
heavy volumes.
"Do you ever use them?" asked the
agent. ,
"Certainly," he replied; "I use_them
"In what lino of study?"
"Oh, I press my trousers with them
They are splendid for that."— Tlt-Blt*.
Better ha\»e no luck than bad luck.
The petition for final distribution shows
that the executors have had receipts of
J.10o,129 57 . and that thY-y have disbursed
$103,276 ill, leaving a balance on hand of
i2i£2 Gt>.- .Among the big sums paid out
are*i!2,O0O to F. P. Bacon, and $28,040 85
each to Etta B. Soule and Miss Carrie J.
Bacon.
There Is one portion of the estate that
the executors do not want distributed,
and that Is $20,000 that Frank Soule and
MsmlcC. Bacon claim is their rightful
bequest under the will. A question has
btcn raised a3 to whether the testatrix
meant to give them $2000 or $10,000, as the
Writing of the words is indistinct. Over
this question a suit Is still /pending. In
order to satisfy tho""clalmants for. tlJe
larger, amount in case they win the ex
ecutors have decided to deposit $20,000 in
trust. "The executors declare they will
riot ask for a discharge from their offices
until the Bacon-Soule contest is deter
mined. / -
In their capacity as executors of the
will of the late Jullu A. Bacon, widow of
the late Henry D. Bacon, the deceased
capitalist, Frank P. Bacon, Mrs. Etta B.
SouleSand Carrie J. Bacon filed their, final
report to-day and asked that the estate
be distributed among the heirs. Tho
ottate Is still very rich and Is worth
5207,232 92, which shows a considerable In
crease since It was appraised at {249,
21B 23, In spite of the expensive litigation
that has been going on among the heirs.
—^z. i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Uoardway, March 8.
WEALTHY WOMAN
GOES TO PRISON
beth Herrmann, Annie McCleave, Grace
Avery, Grate Moody, Edna Wild, Edna W>m
ple. . . ' '•
Endeavorer Circles Are
at Outs Over Presi
dent \ Bird.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
¦ Another turn has been taken to the out
break of trouble in the Alameda County
1 Christian Endeavor Union over the stand
• Ing- of County President W. M. Bird.
Prior to his election Bird had been ac
cused of mistreating his children. There
•was an Investigation by the Endeavor So
ciety of the Alden Presbyterian Church,
¦with" which Bird is affiliated. He was ex
• onerated.
But on top of that came the Trinity
Methodist Church Endeavor Union of
Berkeley, which adopted resolutions that
Its committee believed the county presi
dent should be above suspicion.
The resolutions stirred Bird's friends
and there Is more difficulty at hand. Tho
charges, It Is understood, originally had
fathering in the Berkeley church. In ths
face of Bird's election to the highest
honor in the gift of the county union.
Trinity Church is not satisfied, nor is it
satisfied with the exoneration of Bird by
his own union.
It Is now on the programme that the
whole flght shall be reopened by an Inves
tigation to be conducted by the Alamcda
County Union and directed against the
Berkeley Union for its attitude. In other
words, the charges will not down. Bird's
supporters, who feel secure In their be
lief In his innocence, arc desirous, It is
asserted, of forcing an issue with the peo
ple who are still unwilling to accept tho
situation.
If the investigation shall be held it Is
intimated that the Trinity Church Union
•will be brought to account for Its position
in the Bird matter.
SISTERS QUARREL OVER
THEIR MOTHER'S CUSTODY
Both Want to Be Guardian, but Court
Is Perplexed as to^Which
to Appoint.
OAKLAND, March 8.— The Quarrel of
two sisters. Mrs. Celia Johnson and Mre.
Elizabeth Waltz, as to which should have
the custody of their mother, Mrs. Celia
Lindsay, who has become so old that she
cannot manage her property Inter
ests properly, was renewed to-day
in Judge Ellsworth's court. Mrs.
Johnson wanted to have her mother de
clared incompetent and be appointed
guardian bo that she could take her to
her home In Carson, Nev. This proposi
tion was opposed by Mrs. Waltz, who
wants the appointment for guardian " for
herself.
Durlngr the hearing Mrs. Johnson threw
fiery glances at her sister and made her
self ro obnoxious that the court had to
admonish her to be quiet.' She wanted
to address the court, but Judge Ellsworth
would not permit It.
Judge Ellsworth finally took the case
under advisement.' He declined to appoint
Mra. Johnson guardian, saying that if she
took her mother out of the State she
would probably never bring her back.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, March 8.— John J. .Law
rence, a foundryman, began Buit for- di
vorce to-day against Catherine J. Law
rence on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Judge Hall divorced Myrtle P. Pratt from
Bert A. Pratt on the ground of cruelty.
She- was formerly Miss Upton of Sacra
mento, and married Pratt last summer
after they had mot at Monterey.
nlnsyn. Ruby Cunningham, Luclle Turner, Ine*
Shippee. Alice Wythe, Lillian Janes, Iluby
Wc4d. {Catherine Smith, Bestile Pratt, Kilza-
OAKLAND. Inarch 8.— The Iotter-car
rlera of Oakland have completed a census
of Oakland anil give 75,400 .population aa
the result of their oanv«ss. This is an
increase of 8000 over the figures of the
Federal eunvaaa which ; was taken in 1900.
Tho carriers have taken the census to
establish the status of the city In the pos
tal department. If they can officially lix
the population above 73,000, the depart
ment will Increase carriers' salaries from
$850 to $1000 a year. To this end a com
mittee of curriers, composed of D. J. Hal
lahan, Horace Skinner. .George Lanfear
and W. H. Smith will meet Tuesday even
ing to decide whether the. City Council
shall be'requested to take an ofne al cen
sus at-tlie. expense of the postonice Em
ployes.
in Population Over the Fed
eral Figures.
Find an Increase of Eight Thousand
LETTER-CARRIERS TAKE
CENSUS OF OAKLAND
Costly Litigation Does
Not Diminish Its
Value.
FOUR CLEVER CO-EDS. OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO
WERE WELCOMED INTO THE EXCLUSIVE PRYTANEAN -SOCIETY
AT ITS SEMI-ANNUAL. INITIATION LAST NIGHT.
He tells his wife Just how the Govern
ment should settlo the canal question and
has to hire a laborer to map out a drain
through his back yard.
He prates about the foolishness of court-
Ing public notice, but he never drives
through the vacant streets.
Pie jibes at woman because of her van
ity and spends an hour before, the mirror
when he Is preparing to call on one of the
fair sex.
He will lose 60 cents In the same poker
game and be angrier with the other play
ers than he would be with a man who sold
him a 110 horse for $350.
He will sit up until 1 a. m. at a penny
ante game and rejoice more over a win
ning of 40 cents than he will next day over
a business deal that nets him a thousand
dollars. /
He will give his seat in the streetcar to
a feeble .old woman— and be proud In the
thought that the other passengers con
sider him the pink of gallantry.
He will give his seat in the streetcar
to a pretty girl and wonder if she doesn't
believe in love at first sight.
Men's Vanities and Inconsistencies.
OAKLAND,,March 8.— The choir of the
Church of the Immaculate Conception
will give a concert on St. Patrilk's night,
March 17, at Elite Hall. The programme,
which is under the direction of Professor
Adolf Gregory, musical director and or
ganist of the church, will include an in
teresting number- of Irish and Gaelic
songs and instrumental selections. ' The
members of the choir are:
Sopranos — Miss Frances Shean, Mist. J. Al
len Mrs George Carter, .Miss A. Lyng, Miss
O. 'McCarthy, Miss K. Turner and Miss Ella
McLauchlln. • ' , ! ;*
Altos— Miss M. Morin. Miss B. King. Ml«
Alice Gregory. Mrs. B. Meyers, MIbh May Gil
bert, Miss M. Cm-ran and Miss L.. Kelly.
Tenors— T. Mpcney, V. Eaton, H. UV Fall
mer. Mr. Pouclas. ¦ '¦• ¦
Bagsos — Krank Flgone. GeoiEfi Lamb. J. C.
Moouey, T. M^ran, G. Carter, F. Ulllintjham,
M. Lawless.
late Conception. Will Give a
Concert.
WltiL SING THE SONGS ~?
OF OLD IRELAND
vs.-.*
Choir of the Church of the Immacu-
ALAMEDA, March S. -An athletic
league comprising the associations of the
Haight, .Mastick, Wilson and Longfellow
grammar schools has been formed. It will
be known as the Athletic League of Ala
meda Grammar Schools. The purpose of
the organization Is to encourage outdoor
sports and pastimes among the pupils.
All the principals of the schools inter- x
ested and the Superintendent of Schools
are to take a prominent part In the af
fairs of the league and are virtually to
be at the head of athletics in the School
Department. The members of the Board
of Education will be honorary members
of the governing: body of the league. Ev
ery principal is required to play in the
baseball contests between the school
teams or be represented by a substitute.
Next Tuesday afternoon the series of
baseball games will be opened with a
match between the Haight and Longfel
low school nines.
Required to Play in the Games
of Baseball. -
Grammar Grade Principals Will Bo
ALAMEDA SCHOOLS FORK
NEW ATHLETIC LEAGUE
POPULAR ALAMEDA SCHOOL.
TEACHER "WHO DIED AFTER
AN OPERATION.
BREWS TROUBLE
AMONG UNIONS
Honorary mtmbere — Mre. B. I. Wheeler.
Ura. Martin KelloeS. Mrs. Jane K. Satber,
.Mrs. G. C. Edwards, Mrs. J. H. Senger. Mrs.
W. E. MiEM, Mrs. H. I. Randall. Mrs. F. B.
Drcsjlar, Mrs. M. E. Jaffa. Mrs. Frank Soule,
lire. Jchn Merrlam. lire. T. W. Pace, Mrs.
A. O. Leuechner, Mrs. L. T. Hlchar<S»cn, Mrs.
C. H. Schillirjr. Mm. Jl. J. Wirknon, Mrs.
C. A. Kofoid, Mrs. F. V. Tacet. Mrx. A. F.
The six initiates are Miss Abby Water
• nan "03, president of the Art Association;
'Kiss Grace Barrett '03, from the Hearst
; Domestic Industries; Miss Helen Henry
? 'C2, from the Alpha Beta Sigma; Miss
; licwcna Moore '03, from the Kappa Alpha
Theta; Miss Flora Bacipralupl '02, a mem-
of the Phi Beta Kappa, and Miss
'Lucy Maxwell '02. •
The membership roll of the Prytaneans
tears the following names:
as guests. Much of, the time was
rper.t in discussing the future plans of
the society and especially the work which
it now has on hand— that of raising suf
ficient funds to erect a student hospital
on the campus. So far the task has pro
gressed favorably and as an increased In
terest is being: shown in the efforts of the
3 Frytaneans the young . ladles . expressed ?
: a feeling that success awaited themi
) ITans for another year's work were dis
" cussed. As ' the college term la drawing
to a close the work of the Prytaneans
¦RiH end until n«xt term with the farces
to be given in the Macdonough Theater
on March 12 for the benefit of the stu
<!f-nt hospital fund.
founded S Bethlehem congregation some
eight years ago, will preach. His sermon
will be in English. The Rev. B. J. W.
Lange is the pastor of the new church.
BACON ESTATE
IS STILL RICH
and her services were eminently silccess
ful. The funeral will take place from the
residence of the parents of deceased at
S20 Pacific avenue, this city, at 1 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon. The interment will
be at Mountain View Cemetery.
" : . LAMEDA, March 8.— Miss Matilda
¦ J\ L».. McCulloch, daughter of Cap
¦ZjV tain . J. ¦ E. McCulloch. the well
¦ A': iSk known pilot, died from the effects
.... of. -an operation for appendicitis
at a private hospital in this city last even
ing. .The deceased, was 23 years of age
'and a teacher in the Mastick School. She
was; a popular woman, whose untimely
death is profoundly mourned by a large
circle -of . acquaintances.
Miss McCulloch •». was taken ill Monday
and on the following day an operation
v/as decided upon "as being the only means
• of* recovery. The""Shock was more than
she could bear, however, and despite all
hc-r physicians could do she sank gradu
ally until 8:15 o'clock last' evening, when
she expired. ' . /
The deceased was a native of San Fran
cisco and a graduate of the State Uni
versity, class of '00. She became a teacher
Jn the Mastick School about a year ago
Judge Hall finally granted a decree set
ting aside the marriage. He said that
the husband should have made more
searching inquiries to ascertain if his first
wife was dead.
The second Mrs. Mansfield, upon learn
ing' this news.^began suit for an annul
ment of her marriage. When asked why.
now that the llrst wife is dead, she does
not consent to remain married, she re
plied that she has conscientious scruples
against such contracts.
In 1SS7 Mansfield married the woman
who is now suing him. The Rev. Dr.
Hcrton, a former pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, performed the cere
mony. Mansfield recently wrote for a.
pension at the behest of his wife, and it
was through the correspondence with the
Pension Department that he ~ discovered
tJjat his first wife had lived and~drawn a
pension until her death In 1898, she hav
ing believed him dead.
•"1 saw so much drunkenness and licen
tiousness in the war," he said, "that I
didn't want anybody to know mo by my
former name." .
In the meantime the old man had
changed his name, which had always
been Monk, to Mansfield and continue*
under that name at present. He gave as
a reason for changing his name the dis
tasteful environment of his early life and
especially of the -war.
some one telling him she was dead.
Mansfield came back from the war un
scathed and went to live with his wife,
and to them two children were born. But
he was dissatisfied with his life and im
patient to go to' California, which he
finally did. He did not hear from hi3 wife
for fifteen years, and then it was from
Replying to the questions of Mrs. Mans
field's attorney, George de Golla, ilans
iield told how he came to marry Mar
garet Martin in 1S63, just after the Civil
War broke out. He was a trooper then
in a regiment that had been raised in
Baltimore, where he met his first wife.
He was a little confused as to names, but
the records of Baltimore helped the cid
man to refresh his memory. He recog
nized the names of McNally as the
preacher who married him and Bernard
McMurray and Mary Larkin as witnesses
to the ceremony.
Mrs. Margaret H. Mansfield was in
Judge Hall's court this morning to tell
¦why she wanted her marriage with .Wil
liam F. Mansfield annulled, she having
discovered a short time ago that she h;nt
married him when he had a wife still Uv-
Jng. Mansfield was there, too, and he told,
a btory that revealed an interesting marl-,
tal career.
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
111S Boardway. March S.
William P. Man3fieTd Tells
Story of His Marital
Vicissitudes.
How he met death is not certain. His
friends think the old man became bewil
dered in hunting for East Oakland and
mistook the trestle for the Eighth-street
bridge. He either fell or was knocked off
the trestle by a train. v .
He had three brothers— Antonio, Jeaquln
and Victor— all dead.- His name will be
perpetuated, for in Oakland is Castro
street, in San Francisco a like-named
thoroughfare and Castro Valley also car
ries thl patronymic.
Of late years the old man lived at E. A.
Haines' . place. Tenth and Harrison
streets; caring for horses anu having a
home for his beloved companion satisfied
the declining Spaniard. But recently old
age and illness had compelled him to
abandon the steed he had ridden for
years. Almost in rags, old Cabtro. refused
alms, and lived from hand to mouth.
Penniless and homeless, Majin Castro
grow old. He had the Spaniard's love
for his horse. As a youth he had lived
in the saddle, and to the end he cared for
one fine animal with the affection of a
father for a chiid. /
- S Majin. Castro, son of Don Jose .Castro,
who counted his herds by the thousands;
whose stock v ranged over his vast grants;
whose name is linked with that of tne
¦Vallejos, the GaHndos, the Peraltas and
other notable Spanish families, was born
seventy-one yeais ago at the hacienda, of
San Pablo. /He lived' in his youth in lux
ury and enjoyed all that the vast wealth
of his father could bestow; But the Amer
icans came, and the fleeting fortunes of
the ¦ Spanish settlers became a part "of
early Californian history. The Castros
suffered by the invasion and their herds
dwindled, their lands were practically
confiscated and poverty blighted their
'future. '. • ';
¦ The passing- of this -familiar figure re
moves \onenioie. link between the .Golden
Stq,te oV.. to-day and "the- rpman tie early
Mission "times' of the Spanish occupation,
lia'st of cine of the greac Spanish i arr.il.e3
of v tho -, earliest V. settlement,, the -.decrepit
native Californian, proud and haughty -as
his -wealthy forefathers, came to penury i
want and almost starvation rather, than
to make known his needs to those ab^ut
him.-" ¦¦¦'¦¦ '.*¦.-." . ;> '- ".'•>"'-;'. ' — '
With the identification, to-day of Majin
Castro as the man whose body was. found
in the mire 'under the Seventh-street; rail-'
road trestle Monday night a Morgue mys
tery is cleared up. Eugene.B.' Maube, 697
Sycamore street,, and ¦ A. M. .Burnhain,
VHS Oak street, who knew the aged Span
ish-Callfornlan, recognized the remains.
Oakland "Office Sain Francisco Call,
.. ¦ ..".<¦ : HIS Broadway, ; March £
11 ¦ ' i'
Aged Majin Castro, One of a
4 Proud Spanish Family,
Is the Victim. .-:*•¦'¦
Veteran's First Spouse
Alive When He Weds
Identity of Body Pound
in Mire Is Made v
Known.
MARRIES WITH
A WIFE LIVING
CLEARS MYSTERY
OF THE MORGUE
SCHOOL TEACHER'S DEATH
FOLLOWS AN OPERATION
Miss Matilda L. McCulloch, Daughter of Well-
Known. Pilots Becomes the Victim of
Dread Appendicitis * at the Age of 23
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXL.^ SUNDAY, : MABCH '9, 1902.
BERKELEY, March 8.— The Pryt
anean Society, an organization
composed of leading members
of sororities and women's clubs
at the University of Cali
fornia, has held its semi-annual initiation
et the Kappa Kappa Gamma house,
2GC4 Durant avenue. At the close of the
ceremonies, Iq which six college girls
¦were irade members of the Prytaneans, a
banquet was served.
Besides the active meiibers there were
present several of the honorary members
Lanse, Mrs. John Fryer, Mrs. W. J. V. Os
terhout. Mrs. Warren Cheney. Mrs. E. B.
Clapp, Mrs. Elmer Brown. Mrs. E. S. Howard.
Mrs. William Bell, Dr. Sarah Shuey,, Dr. Mary
B. Rltter. Miss Mllllcent Shinn, Miss Jessica
Pelxotto. Miss Mary Bell. Miss Ruth Lorlng,
Miss Frances Bonte, Mrs. Joseph Le Conte.
Mrs. Irving Stringham. Mrs. A. Putzker, Mrs.
F. Slate. Mrs. C. B. Bradley, Mrs. C. W.
Woodwarth.
Active members — The Misses Grace Boggs,
Mary Jewett. Eva Bramlet, Adele Lewis v ,
Grace Woods, Evelyn Baugh. Lydla Dozier.
Ellse Wenzelburger. Emma Etoer. Annie Jen-
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES.. OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
31
iso©eooo©ea5d®©o©©oo©ooc0oo©«s*ooooocooooe©c
>• "\> Dr. faerers & Co., Taenty-One Years' Experience.
i' : y4ji(jfc^ No Cure •
> /|§|f j\ No Pay
\ i/vT$ A NY UAN " APPLYING FOB
(Vi In^ 1 •*¦» treatment who has the l;nst
* "v ' r ' ' doubt of their ability to cur* a coa-
) <\ ilx ' » " tracted ailment, or to restore com-
I <l* jy, Xami^Jk pitta or part!ml loss of vitality, may
I • ,TKla J»7| ESN-, i • deposit the price of a cur© In any
! \ *4&i'-$j£/J& «£*y» / ban* or with any -well-known bu3l-
I \ / ne3S house or newspaper In San
> \ . "^HKnflBlTlfif / Francisco, such deposit NOT to b«
i \ i v / Pa-'d t° £*• Meyers & Co. until th«
4 \ >fi? V r^V^'. S$SC / patient Is thoroughly convinced that
\*^S V. L_-—*«5^'!^>-/ h*~U permanently cured. Payments
I X 3^ TiESPX ¦ may be made in monthly lnstaU-
j ' \*i X« I y-\/ m«nta If preferred.
{ 7 here should be no such ailment as
[-WEAKNESS '
> Diseases of men are not difficult to cure, but a physician must
\ r&ccgnizd the exact nature of an ailment and understand what
d remedy should be applied. )
a We make no bold promises , but we eay with assurance, that
i unless your disease Is beyond the extreme verge of hope, we can
i surely and positively cure you. To the average physician diseases
3 men are classed into certain groups and to every patient certain
5 general remedies are prescribed which may have merit, but which
9 are not calculated to tit the exact condition of each Individual. Dr.
5 Meyers & Co. compound their medicines and modify their caratlve
B agencies so that' the treatment strikes at the very heart of th*
Z ¦ trouble — you will b« conscious almost from the very first of a rc-
£ turning health, a buoyancy, vigor, strength.
? This staff of. physicians comprises the most able, experienced
V specialist on the Coast. They are men who put the whole
9 strength of their ability into every case, whether it be a mer»
h stubborn contracted disorder or the dangerous ailments aa weak'
a ness, varlcocele, stricture, iblood* poison.
Z They have cured 20,000 patients. They will cure you. N9 cur*. '
• no pay. WRITE FOR BOOKLET,
m Which ia mailed fr*e in plain envelope. Describe your disease and
\ the physicians will write you a letter of advice.
\ m. MEYEBS & CO., 73 L£^ S £*
We Are Bottom on Prices.
No Competitors.
Bach's Malt Extract, per...
doz. (Best Tonic Made).$2.25
Peruna, 85c bot.; 4 for. . .$3.00
(Generally sold at §1.00.)
Paine's Celery^ Compound.. 75c
(Regular Price $1.00.)
Malvina* Cream 25c
. La Blache Powder ....... 25c
Duffy's Malt Whiskey.... 75c
Cutter's A 1 Whiskey...... 75c
Saunders Malt Whiskey.... 7oC
Amedee Water (cure for
constipation) 25c
Asrents for HofPs Con-
sumption Cure 85c
WE ARE TRUSS FITTERS.
OSGOOD,the^rug Cutter
6ETENTH ASD E£0 AC WAY, Cakliad, CU. 'During the evening F, . D. Brandon ex
pressed ia the. entertainment he had list
ened to such, he said, as had made Pick
wick 1 Lodge famous. , He said that there
were many who had a mistaken impres
sion about a man being an American citi
zen and. at the same time a member of
the Sons of St. George.;- He said that this
was not inconsistent, because the Sons of
St. George require a candidate to be true
Mr. Coates, song, "Jack's Come Home To
day";-Mr.' Potter (of • Burnaby Lodsre), song-,
"Hello, Central, ..Give x Me .Heaven"; encore,
song, "It's a Great. Biff Shame"; J. B. Brown,
song, "English Hearts"; encore, song, "If the
Waters Could. Speak- as They Flow." Mr.
Dunn of Jubilee Lodge, Sacramento,' eulogized
the order in general .and the members of.Pick
wick Lodge in Darticular, and -advised those
visitors' who were eligible that Pickwick was
thellodjre to Join.. Mr. Gerrans, sons, "Mr.
Volunteer'. 1 ; encore, song, "The Lada in Navy
Blue." ; Mr. Williamson, song, • "A. Friar of
Orders Gray";, encore, song, "The Old Bri
gade"; encore. . Bong, "The • Skippers . of St.'
Ives." .Mr. Leach' of Burnaby Lodsre, sons,
comic. As an encore- he related a story of a
Lancashire " farmer. ; Upon . being ; again re-
Called he recited • in most humorous , style . a
sketch from McCabe's entertainment, "Jimmy
Griddon."" Mr. Luby. ¦ song, "Big Ben." Er
nest^C. Stock.- the fraternal editor of The Call,
told some very amusing stories of people whom
he ; had met. Mr. . Thompson of Alameda, song,
."The Mldshlpmlte" ; _ Mr. Williamson, comic
song;;. Mr. Fisher." song', ¦ "Beneath the'IJnlon
Jack"; Mr. Carles, song, "The Soldiers! of .the
Queen." ¦ . ' • ;¦,¦¦' " ' -''¦''
The open meeting of Pickw/ck Lodge of
the Order Sons of St. George on the night
of the 3d, inst., in its.lodgeroom; prettily
, decorated with British and American em
.blems and flags, was well attended by
members and their friends, who had as
sembled to enjoy a pleasant entertain
ment; The following programme w^s pre
sented and successfully carried outr ' '
Sons of St. George.
California Council at its meeting on the
5th inst. elected three strangers, obligated
one and received an application for admis
sion on transfer card. During the even-
Ing it was decided to postpone the .ladies*
niffht. which was to have been given on
the liith Inst., for three months, when it
is probable that a grand ball will be
given.
This will be followed by a well arranged
programme of dancing. John R. Hillman
of Pacific Lodge will be the chairman of
the evening.
Selections . <8 to 8:20). Eichel's orchestra —
March. •"American Honor" (Tyres), medley
overture. "'All to the Good" <Mackie-Eyer) •
B! prano solo Cat 8:»i eharp), "My Dream of
You" (Rodney), Miss Emily Palmer; Profes
eor R. F. R>id, champion swordsman of the
world and fencing instructor ; barytone solo.
"A Thousand Leagues Under the Sea." W
TVlIunn; "Mrs. OGradj- a Wash Day." Charles
Stanley and Anita 'Walton; tenor solo. "Queen
''.'. Sly Dream," San Francisco's famous tenor
Matt Keefe; monolufrue. Mien' Lillian 11
Quinn; comedy sketch, "Number Two" — Mr
Crunclcbury. A, D. La Jlotte; Tom Robinson
an actor, Edward E. Pollock; Mrs. Grunlie
bury. Miss Mae Frank Keetfe.
On the night of the 12th inst. there will
be an interesting entertainment in the
Odd Fellows' Hall given by the Xational
Union Social and Literary Club under the
patronage of the San Francisco Cabinet
The following is the programme that will
be presented:
The National Union.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
The social that was given by Mlzpah
I.odge of the Tribe of Ben Hur in the Odd
Fellows' building on the night of the
Knights of Pythias.
A company of the Uniform Rank is be
ing- organized at Salinas, the home of
Grand Prelate Sargent. It will shortly
be mustered in and will start with about
thirty-five members. , .
The lodge at Oakdale gives up its hall
on one convention night a month so that
Fidelity Circle of the Companions of the
Forest has elected Alice Currier and Jen
nie S. Clark as delegates to the Grand
Circle that is to meet in May. Mrs. A.
Follis and George W. Corwin were chosen
as alternates.
The following are named as Companions
who. will aspire to office at the next ses
sion of the Grand Circle: For chief com
panion. Mrs. A. Boehm: for sub-chief.
Mrs. Kate Howard and Mrs. Valenter for
treasurer, Mrs. George J. Berger; for sec
retary, Mrs. Florence N. Morrow and the
outgoing grand chief companion: for right
guide, Mrs. Scheurner; for left guide,
Mrs. Severance: for inside guard, Mrs.
Tackles*, and for outside guard. Mrs.
Seelman. It has been suggested that this
position be offered to Companions M.
Boehm and John Falconer. For herald,
Mrs. J. J. Roberts.
During the bazaar recently given by the
Companions of the Forest in the Forest
ers' building a vote was taken to deter
mine who is the most popular companion
in the order at. this time, and it was dis
covered upon count that it Is Mrs. A.
I>cehm. In recognition of this fact she
was presented with a. beautiful, watch.
Companions of the Forest.
Martha 'Washington Circle will cele
brate the second anniversary of its in
stitution by a social in the Social Hail
of the Alcazar building on the 1st of
April. The affair will be under the
supervision of the folio-wing named com
mittee: Miss K. Crender, Miss M. Good
man. Miss B. Ha3sar, F. Dethlefson and
H. Englander.
i On the 5th inst. Grand Chief Companion
Miss Alice Ticoulet and Grand Sub Chief
Companion Mrs. H. Worms paid a visit
to Verbano Circle in Oakland. The work
of the order was exemplified by the in
itiation of . two candidates, after -which
there was a banquet which proved to be
a delightful affair.
On the night of the first Tuesday in
March. Golden Gate Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America, repre
sented by Mrs. Kuttner, the chief com
panions and about thirty members of that
subordinate, paid a fraternal visit to
Inter Nos Circle, and they were received
with a most' cordial fraternal welcome.
After the business of the evening there
was an hour of social intercourse, when
the visiting companions were delightfully
entertained and given an insight of fra
ternal hospitality as practiced by the
visited circle. Grand Sub Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Helena Worms was present and
delivered a short address, as did also
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma
Agnes Harrington.
American Companions.
Past Grand President Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad was suddenly called to Sonora last
week on account of the serious illness of
her brother. •
A new parlor organized tty Mrs. Mary
Coleman of Calafia Parlor, Sacramento.
was instituted at Loyalton, Sierra County,
on the 5th inst. by District Deputy Ida j.
Sinnott.
San Luisita Parlor on the last Thursday
In February gave a party in celebration
of the third anniversary of its institution.
At the last held meeting of Visalia Par
lor Mrs. S. King was admitted by Initia
tion into the order. After the work there
vas a banquet and a very enjoyable time.
Then there was dancing to music fur
nished by the Visalia band. It was a
v«ry delightful affair.
The following were visitors at the of
fice of the grand secretary last week:
Mrs. M. Counihan and Mrs. Annie Ayers
of Genevieve Parlor. Emma Dellwig and
Elizabeth Spencer of Buena Vista, Mary
Whalen of Las Lomas, Clara Fothering
h£.m of Amapola Parlor, Mrs. Genevieve
W. Baker, grand president, and Amanda
Hammerly of Piedmont Parlor, grand
treasurer; XellSe Creamer, Genevieve
Ealier Parlor; Hannah McFaith, Fremont
Parlor: Hanna Bailey, Darina Parlor;
Lilly O. Rcichlin?. Dyer, founder of the
order; Mary W. Brown and Mrs. John
Trenneman, Sutter Creek: Eliza D. Keith,
A:ta Parlor, grand vice president.
Several of the local parlors have ap
pointed press committees to give informa
tion about what is being done in their re
rr-ective parlors. Some of these commit
tees have been in existence for more than
a year, but no report has ever been re
ceived from them. If the parlors were to
reiy upon the "press committees," so
called, it would be a long time before
any one would know that the parlors
fcaving- such are in existence.
On the night cf the 2Gth in company of
BCcs Emma Dellwig she visited the par
lor in Hayward3 and was cordially wcl
ccrned.
Grand President Mrs. Baker paid en of
ficial visit to the parlor in Santa Cruz on
the 2-lth of February. It was a very
tlormy night and the membership did not
turn out in great numbers, but those who
were there to welcome the grand officer
had a most enjoyable time.
The Native Daughters.
At the meeting of the board of grand
directors of the Young Men's Institute,
to be held on the 15th inst.. it will be de
cided where the next session of the grand
body that is to convene on August IS
next shall hold its session.
Columbia Council is arranging for a
banquet to be given on April 2.
Portola Council will give a social on
April 10.
Borromean Council is arranging for a
grandentertainment to be given at a date
to r>e announced in the future.
Grand President O'Leary visited St.
Vincent Council at Petaluma on the 6th
Inst.. on which occasion there -were fifteen
presented for initiation.
Fitzgerald Council, recently instituted at
Manila, P. I., already has a membership
of 100. It has established itsejf in an old
time palace on Calle Anda. Not long
since it tendered a reception to the Rev.
Father" Fitzgerald, chaplain of the
Twenty-second United States Infantry, for
whom the council was named.
Young Men's Institute.
Court Diana at Its last-held meeting re
celeved one application. The board of city
deputies will hereafter meet in Mission
Opera Hall.
Companion Court Yerba Buena initiated
two strangers at the last-held meeting
and has prospects of more initiations in
the nearvfuture.
The last-held meeting of Court Seal
Reck was an "identification meeting"—
that is, each member of the court was
invited to be present to be introduced to
the secretary so that he might be able to
Identify him in case of necessity. Forty
four responded and after the introduction
to the officer named there was a smoker
and programme of entertainment.
Court Precita will give an entertain
ment and ball on the night of the 18th
in3t. in Mission Masonic Hall, on which
occasion three of the past chief rangers
will each be presented with a badge of his
rank in the order.
All arrangements have been completed
for the "parcel party and dance," to be
given by Court Yerba Buena No. 913 of
the I. O. F., in the Shiels building, on the
night of the/ 12th inst.
Independent Foresters.
At the session of the San Francisco
Lodge of Elks on the last Friday In
February there were presented the ncmes
of seventy-four individuals who wanted
to get in before the adoption of the new
rate of initiation. This lodge will elect
new officers on the 23th Inst. and the in
stallation banquet will be in the early
part of April, shortly after the induction
of the officers, on the 4th of that month.
Exalted Ruler Dunne is preparing for a
visit to Salt Lake next August.
The Elks.
Superior Lodge has. changed its meet-
Ing place from . Polk street to Foresters'
Hall,»at 20 Eddy street; where on the 10th
inst. there will.be an open meeting in
Spartan Lodge, at its meeting on the
5th inst.,. initiated a class of six- and will
have eight more to initiate at its next
meeting. . • ' : - • • • . ¦¦••¦•
Grand Foreman Freeman visited I the
lodges in San Jose last week. '
. They basket social given by Forget-
Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of. Honor in
Red Men's building was ec decided • suc
cess, and those who did not attend missed
a great treat. The sale of the baskets
contributed created a. great deal of
amusement. The programme of dances
was well arranged. The function was un
der the direction of Mrs. Alexander Me-
Bain, chief of honor, as chairman -of the
general committee; Fred Rothganger, as
secretary, assisted by Charles B. Shea,
floor manager; Miss Annie Lee, assisant,
Mrs. Manning, Miss Susie Lee, Mrs. Phebe
Larsen, Mrs. C. -P. Shea, Mrs. Hall, Mrs
F. Rothganger and Bessie Hamlin. .
¦During the month of February the sum
of $58,000 was distributed from the Grand
Lodge office to the beneficiaries of de
ceased members.
Bernal Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated eleven strangers, and it has yet
fourteen applications to act upon. :
Grand Recorder Spencer will send no
tices to all the local lodges requesting
such to discontinue the practice of mak
ing donations to strangers who visit the
lodgerooms and ask for assistance, but
to refer such applicants to the grand re
corder's office. The request- of all such
will be referred to the officers of the lodge
in which membership is claimed, and if
found worthy, will be assisted. A,num
ber of frauds have lately been imposing
on the local lodges. / " .
At the !ast held meeting of Magnolia
Lodge a committee was appointed to make
arrangements for the reception of the rep
resentatives to the next Grand Lodge ses
sion. That will be on the night of the
31st inst. • " / • •••.
Spartan Lodge at its last held meeting
opened its doors to its friends and enter
tained them with a vaudeville programme
by members of the Columbian Minstrels.
The lodgo was visited that night by
Grand Foreman Freeman.
Tne Alameda County extension commit-,
tee will, in conjunction with the San Fran
cisco extension committee, pay a visit on
the ]Sth inst. to Valley Lodge.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
On the 5th inst. the great chiefs officially
visited Seminoie, the French tribe,
and after the work- of the evening -and
the quenching of the council fire there
waj an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where there was a feast of corn and veni
son and a number of long and short talks,
the speakers being Great Sachem Boyes,
Great Prophet Brandon, Great Chief of
Records Bliss, Past Great Sachems J.
Arees, A. Laplace. J. Codeau, M. Casse,
P. Bellgarde. J. Mlllette, R, Estarzian.
Past Sachem L. Bertin swung the toma
hawk at the head of the table.
Miautonomah Tribe at its meeting on
the 4th inst. resolved to invest $5000 of its
funds in the Red Men's new hall. '
On the 4th inst. Yosemite Tribe adopted
two palefa.ces in the presence of a large
number of visitors.
Seneca Tribe is doing well and will have
four to adopt at Its next session. U •
Improved Order of Red Men.
Great Sachem Boyes announces visita
tions as follows: v March 12 to
Manzanita Tribe, 13th tq Oneida Council.
15th to Cenotha Council, 21st to Pocahon
tas Tribe, 27th to Kaweah Council and
.23th to Mohawk Tribe. He will be accom
panied on these visits by the great chief
of records and other great chiefs.
Last week the great sachem, together
with E. B. Wilson, great representative,
visited Samoset Tribe at Vallejo. They
also visited loka Council of the same
place. The great chief then paid a vis.t
to Otonkah Council of Napa.
Great Chief of Records Bliss paid a
visit last week to Sagamore Tribe at Palo
Alto and arranged to have the degree
team of that tribe confer the degrees for
the new tribe to be instituted at San Ma
teo this week. - i
Last week about sixty Red Men, mem
bers of Samoset Tribe of Vallejo and of
Solano Tribe of Benicia, paid a friendiy
visit to Carquinez Tribe at Crockett,, when
the adoption degree was conferred. The
great sachem and the -great chief of rec
ords were present.
On the last Tuesday in February Great
Sachem Boyes, Great Chief of Records
Bliss, Great Keeper of Wampum W. J.
Smith and the great, junior sagamore paid
an official visit to Montezuma Tribe in
the Pioneer buildinsr and witnessed I the
conferring of the chief's degree. There
•were a great many talks by visitors and
ethers on the best methods to advance
the growth of the order in this reserva
tion.
At a recent meeting of Altahmos Tribe
Eenjamin F. Carman, the guard of the
forest, was presented an emblematic
charm in recognition of his continuous
attendance as such officer since the in
stitution cf the tribe and of his careful
preservation of the paraphernalia of the
tribe. This tribe has decided to increase
Its admission fee. the change to take ef
fect on May 1. The fee witi be from $12
up accoraing to age. | The following
named have been appointed to confer the
adoption degree on the night of the 30th
of April, wmch has been set apart as a
special adoption night: George W. Bal-~
tic, chairman; W. J. Blaisdell, vice chair
nan; F. Hardy, secretary: A. E. Wess
llr.g, treasurer; H. F. Ofdenkamp. J. S.
Paterson, J. H. Smallbone, C. M. Am
btcte and J. Harry Hutaff. Thirty ap
plications have already been obtained. .
On the 3d inst. Pohonachee. Tribe paid a
fraternal visit to Blazing Arrov/ Tribe
when the' team of the visiting tribe, as
sisted, by J. McCarthy of Seneca Tribe
and G. B. M. Hommell of Arapahoe Tribe,
conferred the adoption degree on two
palefaces. Then there were short talks
by Past Sachems A. Jones and S. M.
Webb of Pohonachee Tribe and Past
Sachem Whipple of Fort Bragg.
Ivy Lodge at its meeting on the 14th
Inst. will introduce some added features
to the initiatory ceremony, which, • ac
cording to those who have seen it, declare
On the night of the 4th Saxon Lodge
Jnitiated two strangers and will have five
mtfre at its next meeting. There were
preeent Grand Dictator Archibald,
Grand Reporter Johnston, Supreme Rep
resentatives Solomon and Crowe, and
many members of the different local
lclgea. There was talks for the good of
the order by the officers named, also by
W. A. S. Nicholson. • • ,-
At the session of Yerba Buena Lodge
of the Knights of Honor on the 3d inst.
the membership decided to assist Liberty
Lodge in its movement to get up a grand
ficnic for the benefit of its fund for the
tick, the lodge being moved to unreserved
support after listening to an eloquent ap
peal from Chaplain Ben I. Solomon of
Liberty Lodge.
Knights of Honor.
Acting unon the suggestion of Head
Counsel Falkenburg, the committee that
got up the demonstration for him on his
recent visit to this city has continued in
existence for the purpose of haviiig a
grand initiation in' San Francisco on June
2 in Woodward's Pavilion. The aim of the
committee will be to have 700 to initiate
on that night. In addition there will be
drills by five of the local teams and the
Initiatory work will be by a team picked
from the various city councils.
On the night of the first. Monday in
March Mayor E. E. Schmitz and eight
others 'were initiated into the mysteries
of Woodcraft in Golden Gate Camp by
the officers, assisted by. the uniform, de
gree team of the camp. In a very short
speech during "good of the order" the
Mayor expressed his admiration of the
initiaitory work.
Woodmen of the World.
"The California Druid," of which- Noble
Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau is the editor
and publisher, has made its appearance.
H is a neat eight-rage publication, full of
news of the order and of fine typographi
cal appearance and make-up. A copy of
the new paper has been sent to every
Druid in the jurisdiction.
Liberty Grove, organized in San Jose on
the 10th of last November, is now cross
ing the 100 mark in membership. It has
ordered a full set of fine regalia.
Manzanita Grove is still receiving new
members, " having initiations at almost
every meeting.
On the 4th inst. Aurora Grove conferred
the first degree on six candidates, the
work being done by the officers, who were
assisted by Past Arch <S. Pattarga of Al
pini Grove. The ball given by this grove
on the 2d inst. was a great' success.
Sempione Grove now has a member
ship of eighty-two, having made a gain
of forty in the past twelve months.
Noble Grand Arch Godeau, Grand Sec
retary Martinoni and J. L». Gomez start
ed for Sacramento on -the 2d inst. to pay
a visit to Lisbon Grove, but were unable
to go farther than Benicia on account of
the storm and were forced to return. On
the 4th the same grand ofHcers by re
quest paid a second visit to California
Grove of FlacerviUe to assist in the initi
ation of twenty-one candidates. The hall
v.'cs filled with the membership of the
two groves of that place. Xoble Arch J.
Biium, assisted by Past Arch M. Mayer
and the noble grand arch and the grand
secretary, conferred the degrees in a very
iii.ljressive manner. After the work a
banquet was served by the ladies of tho
Rebekah Lodge of that city, and it was a
ereat success. El Dorado Grove is work
ing to have as large an initiation as Cali
fornia Grove. The grand officers have
been asked to be present on that occasion.
On the 5th "the noble grand arch went
to Reno to consult some Druids, who
want to organize a grove of Druids there.
Manzanita Grove, which has been grow
ing at a remarkable rate, and has been
securing a class of members that includes
many professional men, has arranged for
an excursion to and picnic at Crlenwocd
in the Santa Cruz Mountains April 27.
The outings of this grove in the past
have always been enjoyable affairs, and
this no doubt will equal, if not surpass,
any previous effort.
Hartnagle Chapter at its last held meet
ing heard a progress report en the picnic
that is to be given on the 27th of July.
One initiation was y had, the new member
being Dr. Mason.
On the last Thursday in February the
officers of Olympia Grove conferred the
third degree on a class of four candidates
with the usual ceremonies.
Xoble Grand Arch Godeau and Grand
Secretary Martinoni will visit the grove
at Freeport on the night of the 3d inst.;
on the 4th they will be with California
and El Dorado groves in Placerville, on
which occasion a class of thirty-five or
forty will be initiated, and on the 6th
they will be with the grove in Hajj
wards. .
Druidism.
Fidelity Lodge on the evening of the
2a inst. gave another of its very pleasant
••social at home" entertainments, for
which this lodge has become noted. There
was, a good attendance and all enjoyed
themselves to the fullest. The programme
cf entertainment arranged by C. F. Phil
lips. X. F. Macphee and J. G. W. Sim
monds, the social committtee, included
musical selections by the Misses Spink;
vocal solo. Miss Grace Slmonus; recita
tion, Miss Grace Bray; selections by a
mandolin club; barytone s=olo, A. F. 3Iac
phee; recitation, M. Davis, and vocal
solo, C. D. Reid. The programme was
followed by dancing and the serving of
refreshments.
Oriental Encampment of the I. O. O. F.
at its last held session initiated four eligi
blfts, and the work was done in the most
impressive manner by Chief Patriarch N.
M. Peterson; W. T. Webb, senior war
e'en; F. VL Carson, junior warden; G.
Lemont, high priest, and Captain C. H.
Kornbeck, conductor. Under the direc
tion of the new officers this encampment
is making- remarkable progress.
• The Odd Fellows.
The ladies' club auxiliary to Golden
Gate Commandery nNo. 16, Knights Tem
plar, will give a card party to members
only at 623 Sutter street on the night of
the 17th inst. Mrs. C. L. Haskell, Mrs. E.
O. Rieser and Mrs. G. E. Bushnell have
been selected as a committee to manage
the party.
Auxiliary to Templars.
Court Sutro Heights will on the night
of the 10th inst. attend a district meeting
in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing called by the chief ranger for the
purpose of exemplifying the new ritual.
The next summoned meeting of this court
will be^on the 24th inst., when delegates
tc.the next Grand Court will be elected.
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan, Grand
Secretary Cordy and Jacob Labei of the
America-Forester Review paid a visit
to Stockteon last week, to make arrange
ments for the approaching Grand Court
Session, to be held in that city May 6.
1 A series of district meetings Have been
arranged for this and succeeding months.
The first of these will be held on the 10th
inst., when Courts Yerba Buena, May
flower, Sutro Heights and Point Lobos
will meet in joint session. The next will
be on the 13th, when Cour.ts Seal Rock,
Palo Alto, Live Oak, America and Bar
barossa will meet together.
Grand Recording Secretary O'Brien will
visit Court Eclipse on March 3, Inter Nos
on the 7th, Dixon on the 19th, and Zenith
on the 7th of April.
Court San Francisco will picnic at
Fernbrook on the 11th of May; Court
Sutro Heights will picnic at Subset Park
on the 20th of May, and the Boa.rd of Re
lief will have a picnic at Scheutzen Park
on the 27th of July.
Grand Senior Woodward H. A. Gabriel
announces the following visitations:
March 10 to Watsonville, 11th to
Castroville, 12th to 'Salinas. 20th to Seal
Rock, city; 25th to Court Robin Hood,
city, and 26th to Court Aurora, city.-
Court Mayflower will give a banquet to
its^members on the 22d Inst.
The San Francisco Loard of relief has
arranged for a picnic at Schuetzen Park
on July 27.
American Foresters.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge of the Odd Fel
lows has arranged to give an entertain
ment to the children of members on the
night of the 12th inst. in its lodge room
in the Odd Fellows' building. Under the
direction of Sarah A. Draffin. there will
be offered a programme of entertainment
In which the participants will be all chil
dren. The lodge will provide a collation
for the little ones. ¦
Juvenile Entertainment.
The bonbon party given by Britannia
Lodge of the Daughters of St. George on
the last Wednesday in February was a
grand success In every particular. All
were given .bonbons when entering the
hall, and In a short time every one was
wearing a paper cap. There was a pro
gramme which included a piano solo by
Mrs. Newman, vocal solos by Messrs.
Walker and Gerrin and Miss McLelland.
vocal duet by Mrs. A. Boyd and Miss F.
Beauford, instrumental selections by
Miss Kurtz and Miss L. Cogill, duet by
Messrs. Williamson and Walker and a
farce entitled "Deaf as a Post." Then
followed the dance until midnight. The
committee in charge was E. Goss, R.
Hewitt. J. G. Davis. Mrs. J. Beauford,
J. Parker, F. Beauford, L. D. Staples,
Schoenfeldt and Bishop.
Daughters of St. George.
The members of Vicksburgr Post and
Corps of Pomona had a most enjoyable
installation service. A social hour was
much enjoyed, a feature of which was the
selling of a handsonie blue and white
calico quilt made by the corpfe ladies, and
inscribed with many names, at a certain
price per name. The quilt was sold twice,
netting the corps $35. The post and corps
are receiving new members at' every
meeting, and are in a flourishing condi
tion, under their efficient leaders, the
Rev. C. P. Wilson, commander, and Helen
M. Taylor, president.
-Wallace Reynolds Corps gave a recep
tion to the newly installed officers of both
post and corps. A well rendered pro
gramme and a banquet made up a very
enjoyable evening. The new president has
met with success in awakening renewed
interest In the corps. An all-round good
feeling prevails and the attendance has
increased. .
W. R. Cornman Post and Corps of San
Bernardino have decided to erect a mon
ument in the public park in that city, to
be dedicated to the soldiers, sailors and
marines who served the Union in defense
of the flag. The Sons of Veterans and also
Veterans of the Spanish- American War
.will assist in raising funds for this ob
ject. The National Guard is also highly
interested in the movement, and has suc
ceeded in giving a- course of lectures at
the opera-house, the proceeds to be added
to the monument fund.
The members of Riverside Post and
Corps recently entertained the highest
officials of the G. A. R. in this depart
ment. State Adjutant General George
Stone, commander of the department of
California and Nevada, G. A. R., and As
sistant Adjutant General T. C. Masteller,
who is also quartermaster of the depart
ment. The reception was attended prac
tically by every old soldier in the confines
of the city and neighboring towns. Com
mander Stone spoke eloquently of the
work and Influence of the Grand Army
o; the Republic, and paid a graceful
tribute to Lincoln and McKinley, and
closed" by reading the last public utter
ances of President McKinley at Buffalo.
Other speakers followed, and there were
recitations and songs, after -"which re
freshments were served.
Rawlins Corps of . Stockton has given
two entertainments, which resulted in a
desirable sum for the relief fund*.* Dur
ing the past year nineteen members were
added to the roll. To the relief roll has
been added $121 10; number of visits to
the sick and needy, 81; amount expended
for relief, $173 SO. -
Woman's Belief Corps.
to the land ot his adoption. The members
and the visitors were treated^ to a fine
collation and ale.'
first Monday in March was attended by
a large number of the friends of the or
der and all enjoyed a most entertaining
evening. The officers of . the lodge wera
the committee on entertainment, with J.
H. Custer as master of ceremonies. Tho
programme included: Song and dance, A!
phense McDonald; black-face comedy.
Max Wolf: Irish grotesque, the Dato
brothers;' buck and wing dance. Lillian
Hooper and Mabel McDonald; coon songs.
Rcse McDonald; cakewalklng. Alphonse
and Violet McDonald and Violet Hooper:
vocal selections, Mrs. Welch: comic songs
Miss Hazel Turner; recitation, "The
Tramp Soldier," Miss Kenney: exhibition
dance, the Dale brothers; vocal solo. Miss
Mcrrow; recitation. "The Organ-builder.'
M. Anderson. Then followed dancing un
til a late hour. This lodge will give an
onniversary banquet on the night of tno
lith.
On the night of the last Friday ln> Feb
luary- the ladies of San Francisco ' Hive
had an opeh rmeeting in their meeting
place in Pioneer Hall and had a pleasing
programme of music, song and .literary
numbers. During the evening the . mem
bers of San Francisco Tent were the
guests of the hive. : -
On the flrst Wednesday in March the
members of Pacific Tent entertained their
friends in the tentroom and gave them a
smoker and refreshments and collation.
•The affair was managed by T. "W. Mc-
Donald, Andrew Roberts, H. F. Laumeis
ter and H. Krause, with A^Roberts. as
master of ceremonies. The programme
included: Vocal selections by Girard of
the Golden Gate Minstrels; ragtime songs,
Lev Farnham; vocal ' selections, Master
Robert Whitney; Hawaiian' selections,
Thomas Silva; sentimental song, Joe
Fisher; selections, Hawaiian quartet; bal
lads, Eli Pihi,,and an exhibition of box
ine by ¦ the Laumeistel" brothers. There
were a number of volunteer numbers that
were entertaining and kepWthe company
together and out of the rainT ; ,
State Commander S. \V- Hall at the last
held review of San Francisco Tent de
livered an interesting address on the con
dition of the order in this State at this
lime. He stated that at the close of the
last received reports it appeared that th6
membership of the order in California ; is
in excess of S000. - ¦.
Captain H. L. Tickner of the S. F. T.
de-gree team is hard at work perfecting
the members in , the ritualistic work, and
he promises to have a team that will
never "go. way back'and sit down." Past
Commander B. M. Schofleld is giving his
personal attention to the work of this
team. - • ; • * '
San irancisco Tent has started another
boom and the membership has been divid
ed into two companies, the Blue and the
Red, the former under the captaincy of
W. H. Waterhouse and the latter under
the captaincy of Uncle W. B. Breenberg,
for the purpose of having a membership
contest.- At the end of four monthe there
will be a grand banquet to the winning
sice,' and as each side has many first
class bustlers it is likely that this will be
the liveliest contest that this tent has
ever had. The candidates initiated during
the term of the contest will be guests at
the banquet.' »" • '
San Francisco Tent of the Knights of
the Maccabees had its annual contest ban
quet in one of the downtown rotisserles
on the last Saturday in February. There
was a fine repast served in a handsome
ly decorated room-and C. J. King presided
as toastmaster. The following named
were present: W. B. Greenbersr, K. T.
M. Swartze. Dr. J. R. Bernheim, C. J.
King, H. L. Tlckner, Herbert M. Greene,
Frank R. Sampson. John H. Sampson,
James H? Whiteside, Charles H. van Or
den, W. Urquhart, J. M. Jacobi, M. B.
SchoHeld. D. B. Richards, W. H. Water
house, George V. -Leroi. C. L. Floyd, ,L.
H. Warner, G. Linder, B. F. Hira, C. K.
Jackson, C. A. Ross, B. E. Berry and F.
H. Herzog. /
Knights of Maccabees.
On the 6th the grand matron and Dis
trict Deputy Grand Matron Mrs. A. M.
Johnson paid' a visit to the chapter in
San Mateo. ' • •
Jvy Chapter after a short business
rrfeeting- at its last held session lit Golden
Gate Hall adjourned to the banquet hall,
where there was a game of . progressive
whist under the direction of Mrs. Oscar
Herbert Hickei. The prizes were provid
ed by the worthy matron, Mrs. C. £. Tis
uale. The first prizes were awarded to
Mrs. Kellogg and Koy T. Kimball and the
boobies went to Mrs. C. C. Dow and Mrs.
Bright. After cards there was a dance
and light ; refreshments. Arrangements
have been made for a pleasant meeting
at the next session of the chapter.
California Chapter had a most interest
ing-meeting on the 6th inst. Among the
visitors were Mrs. Jennie Reams, worthy
matron of Aloha Chapter of Klamath,
who . with her husband, E. R. Ream,
came to this city specially to witness the
work of this chapter, the fame of which
has reached far beyond the limits of this
city. • -Worthy Patron P. F. Ferguson se
cured two eiigibies who were initiated
with all the pomp and impressiveness
that the officers of this chapter are noted
for. The work was highly praised by
these visitors, by Past Grand Patron Mil
ler and Dr. W. E. Smith, and on closing
the chapter there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, waere there was an
hour of dancing. There were present
members of all the lodal chapters and of
chapters In various parts of the United
States. The -party committee of this
chapter is not yet ready to make full re
turns, but will in. a few days turn over
$500 to the trustees of the Widows' and
Orphans' Home for the Boys' Band.
_ On the night of the 6th inst: the mem
bers of Oakland Chapter were entertained
with a farce entitled "Turn Him Out,"
presented in a hall of the Masonic Tem
ple. . • •
The grand matron will visit Harmony
Chapter on the 13th inst.
On the night of the 3d inst. Grand Mat
ron -Mre. Claru A. (Jibcruon paid ah of
ficial visit to Itaulnh Cliuptor, BouthSan
Francisco, when tlio iultlutory work was
excmplliled 1>y tho Jnltlutlon of ten can
didates In. the presence of the largest
number of members of the order that ever
crowded into that hall. The officers weie
highly praised for the very efficient man
ner in which they performed it. During
tho evening tho officers and members of
San Francisco Chapter visited Beulah in
a body. There wera present District Dep
uty Grand Matron Mrs. Annie M. John
son, Grand Secretary Mrs. K. J. Willats,
Associate Grand Conductress Mrs. _ ; Alice
F. Hickey, Past Grand Matron Mrs. M.lL.
Pierce. Past Grand Patrons Gray and
Darling, Past Grand Patron Miller of Ore
gon, Mrs. Howard from Honolulu^ and
delegations from nearly all the chapters
in the city. The only speeches were, by
the grand matron. Past Grand Matron
Mrs. Pierce and Mrs. Howard. During
the evening the grand matron was pre
sented a cut crystal berry bowl- as a sou
venir of the visit. To Mrs. Nellie A. Dar
ling, who rendered the vocal selections
during the initiatory work with that grace
and sweetness that is characteristic of
her, and to the visiting grand officers the
chapter presented beautiful flowers. Af
ter the close of the chapter there was an
excellent supper.
E. de St. Aiaurice of Colusa, associate
grand patron; was in this city recently
visiting Golden Gate, the mother, chap
ter, and other chapters.
LJnity Chapter wnl hold an anniversary
celebration on the night of the 25th inst.
Ihe grand matron will visit the chapter
on that occasion.
The Eastern' Star.
The San'Fraricisco extension' committee
met with Harmony Lodge on the 8th inst.
There was a good attendance and some
interesting, addresses by 'grand officers
and members of the committee. ' ;
celebration of meeting in the new quar
ters. . _ \ ¦
Grand Trustee Gallagher will visit Los
Osos Parlor en the 10th inst. at San Luis
Obispo. Great preparations have . been
made to entertain him after the work'of
the order shall have been concluded.
There will be a banquet, to whjch the
members of San Luisita Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters have been invited.
Hydraulic Parlor of Nevada City cele
trated the seventeenth anniversary of its
Institution on the 25th of February in a
befitting manner. There was a large
membership present, including many of
the old timers. There was a good pro
pramme in commemoration of the event,
after which there was a collation. There
were remarks by H. G. Loveland, first
vice president: D. E. Morgan, past presi
dent; Herman W. Brand. C. W. Chapman,
P. P., Henry C. Schroder. Thomas G.
Richards, third vice president: F. R.
Wehe and C. E. Power. P. P.; an instru
mental solo by M. Hyman, a vocal solo
by Georpe Eagrye, vocal solo by L. A.
Garthe. P. P.. and closing remarks by
Judge T. F. Nilcn.
The parade committee of the semi-cen
tennial celebration and Stephen V. Cos
tello. who was the grand marshal of the
parade, have presented a handsome gold
badge, commemorative, of the fiftieth an
niversary of California, to Ernest C.
Stock as a token of appreciation of the
assistance he rendered the parade com
mittee.
The members of Pacific Parlor enter
tained their friends in Shasta Hall, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West building,
last Tuesday night. Although the night
was stcrmy the hall was not large enough
to accom'muiate the members and
lriends who caine to enjoy Pacific's
"night at home." A very excellent
programme was rendered, after which
dancing was indulged in until midnight,
lief resnments . were served. Those who
took part in the entertainment were: E.
liilbert. barytone solo; Miss Claire Fex,
fancy dancings William H. Locke, recita
tion; Miss Bertrajid Roche, piano solo;
Mr. Prince, barytone solo, accompanied
by Miss Conr.ess; little Vera Winterberg,
dance. "Irish Washerwoman"; -Minnie
Frellsey and Vera Winterberg. band jig
and Cakewalk; Miss Zetda Jones, piano
solo; W. L. Dahl, recitation; W. G.
I3andoin. barjuone solo, accompanied by
Miss Reno. Remarks by President R. M.
Roche. The committee in charge was:
Terry P. Martin. A. F. Williams, Dan C.
Deasy. George G. Fraser, R. M. Roche
and Harry Oshay.
The grand secretary is sending out cir
culars to the parlors containing the reso
lution introduced at the last held session
cf the Grand Parlor to the effect that
after a certain date none shall be eligibie
to membership In the order except those
bora prior to September 9. 1900, or those
who are lineal descendants of those who
were citizens or born in the Slate prior
to the date named. With this he will send
arguments for and against the resolution
and request the parlors to send him. the
result of th« vote /or or against.
Bay City Parlor held open house on the
r.ight of tba 26th of February for the en
tertainment of lady relatives and friends
of the members- There was aoi entertain,
ing programme of instrumental and vocal
music and monologues. xlefreshments
were served.
l?,in of XUrch. The fol
lowing named have been asked to respond
to toasts at the banquet: L. F. Byington.
acting grand president; J. L. Gallagher
and J. E. Knowland. grand trustees,
Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary; C. E.
McLaughlin, grand orator, and E. A.
Bracken and P. M. Wales of the host
parlor. The reunion will bo In Loring
HalL '
Rincon Drill Corps announ-»s a picnic
for the Cth of April.
0RAND ORATOR M'LAUGH
LIN and Grand • " Trustee
Jones were in this city last
week visitirg local parlors.
Piedmont Parlor will have
its ai-rual reunion on the
Edgewood. Sisklyou County. Is to have a
Pythian lodge, which will be instituted
this month.
The lodges at Crockett, Arroyo Grande
and Exeter have each organized a com
pany of the Uniform Rank.
The 1902 executive pommlttee at San
Francisco promises to soon issue a pamph
let advising the members of the order
throughout the world and the public gen
erally concerning the details of the prep
arations being made by that committee
for the approaching biennial conclave In
California.
Grand Chancellor Leonard S. Calkins
will visit the following lodges this month:
Placerville No. 70, at Placerville, March
19; Damocles No. 33, at Winters, 20th;
Pythian No. 43, at Woodland (special),
21st; Lodi No. 41, jointly with Duloc No.
50 of Woodbridge, at Lodl. 22d: Amazon
No. 181. at East Oakland, 24th; Roma No.
147, jointly with Jefferson No. 173, at San
Francisco, 25th; Liberty No. S3. jointly
with West Oakland No. 141, at West Oak
land, 27th.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
Schaffner and Supreme Representative
Samuels have been installed as editors of
the Pythian Chronicle, published at San
Francisco.
Pomona Company No. 24 has been grow
ing rapidly during the 1 last few weeks and
now has thirty-eight active members.
Pasadena Company No. 32 is also regain
ing its old-time activity.
San Jose Company No. 8 has organized
a drum and bugle corps.
Long Beach Company confidently ex
pects to have thirty-five men In parade at
San Francisco next August. , Santa Mon
ica Company will send up nearly as many.
Los Angeles Company No. 25 has sixty
one members in good standing and Gaunt
let Company No. 40 has forty-one. By
hard. and constant work they are attain
ing a high degree of proficiency in drill,
the rivalry between them being of the
most earnest but friendly kind. Together
they have an armory, handsomely iltted
up clubrooms, etc.
Twenty-one recruits were mustered in
at the last meeting of Redlands Company
of the Uniform Rank.
A project la on foot to organize a Pyth
ian Lodge at Catalina Island. There are,
already a good many members of tne or«
der among the business people of that
resort.
aiojave Lodge at Need!e3 Is arranging
to bring to the international conciave
next faa a brass bana of Indians.
Captain Arthur L. Mace, who recently
came to the coast from St. .Paul, and ia
now in Los Gatos, says the Minnesota
Knights are coming to san Francisco next
August by the nuiidreas. ana many otner
citizens ot tnat state wnl taxe advantage
of the low rallroaa fares to accompany
them.
the Rathbone Sisters. may assemble there.
A dispensation was obtained from the
grand chancellor to pass the meeting.
is beautiful in the extreme. It ia ex
pected that there will be a large attend
ance to witness the innovation.
California Rebekah Lodge will have an
entertainment for its members and frienus
on the 16th of April.
In addition to the drill and ball to b$
given in Union Square Hall on the 13th
inst. by the San Francisco Rebekah Drill
Corps the corps will give an entertain
ment on the 23d inst.
Receiptlon committee — lira. E. R. Bourne,
Mrs. R. Daniels, Miss Lena Hetzer, Mrs. K.
Beatty. Mrs. Grossman. Mrs. Ella Douglas,
Mrs. M. E. Gilman, Mrs. Carrie McAllister,
Mrs. Carrie Jewell, Mrs. Ada F06ter.
Entertainment committee — Miss Ada Law
rence, chairman; Mrs. Gillman, Mrs. Thurrey
Barrett, Miss Marjory Jennings, Roy Daniels,
Frank . Higgins. Mrs. Douglas, Mrs. Carren,
Miss Florence Walcom. George Walcom.
Then, followed ! dancing till midnight.
The Ufoleaux were presented by hand
some ladies, the singing of Duncan and
Hicks called forth several encores, and
the dance programme was enjoyable.
George Walcom was the floor manager
and Floyd McNew and Frank: Higgins his
fessistants. The other committees were:
There are now forty-one inmates in the
Orphans' Home at Gilroy, with four ap
r'.ications to be acted upon by the board.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge will have an at
home in its lodge room on the 4th of
March, when there will be presented a
tine programme of entertainment, ot
dances, and then refreshments. This is
to be an open meeting, to which all
friends and members will be welcome.
The entertainment that was given on
the last Wednesday in February by Loj-al
Rtbekah Lodge in the main hall of the
Odd Feilows' building was a pleasant af
fair and was made up of the following
r.umbers;
Overture, Todd's Orchestra: "The Queen of
Flowers' (tableau); recitation. "The . Leper,"
Mrs. Alma Ulberg; selection — "Rigolette."
violin Edith Peters, piano Emma Schernstein:
domestic scenes — (a) "Woman's Rights." (b)
"Don't Tell Me Ycu -Won't Wash" (tableau);
vocal selection— E. B. Duncan barytone, F. W.
Hicks tenor; "The Soldier's Dream" (tableau);
San Francisco Mandolin Club, E. S. Bonnelit
director; "The Moon" (tableau); recitation,'
"The Parson's Fee" (tableau); vocal solo (se
lected). Miss Alice Pullen; "The Bouquet"
(tableau); instrumental selections, F. W. -Hicks,
C. B. Duncan; the Burd statue, St. Stephen's
P. E. Church, Philadelphia.
Mrs. Nellie Mitchel,' president of the
California, will make official visitations
as follows: March 11th. Danville; 12th,
Livermore; 13th, Vallejo; 14th, Tracy;
I'.th, Alameda; 17th, Maytield; ISth, Sac
ramento; :»th, San Jose; 21st, San Dean
ciro; 22d, Walhalla I-odge, San Francisco;
2Uh, Pleasanton; 26th, Oolfax, and April
12th, Grass Valley.
followed an hour of dancing and the serv
1E2 of Ice cream. -
AS TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS OF THE FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO; G AUL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
The "Little Katchet" party given by
Mission Rebekah Lodge in Excelsior Hall
on the last Saturday in February was a
very interesting and entertaining affair
that was enjoyed by as many as could
crowd into the halL Each person was
presented a little hatchet with red. white
and blue baby ribbon bows, and then
under the direction of Dr. Frost as mas
ter of ceremonies there was presented a
very pleasing programme of numbers
made up of the following: Piano solo
Mrs. Pracy; recitation, Mr. Pollock; vocal'
teiections, Miss Bessie Polcharel; piano
tolo. Miss Ethel Reel; recitation, F. D
VVorth; vocal solo, L, Wand; instrumental
eolo. Miss Trainor; recitation. Miss An
nie Drlscoll; vocal solo. Miss Annie Dris
coii; vocal solo. Miss Keene; fancy dance.
Master Pracy, and a farce entitled, "The
Frog Hollow Debating Society." Then
In Rebekah lodges.
32
OCEAN TKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
yt Steamers leave Broadway
mt^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
ffyj?*** F&r Ketchikaa, Jur.ea-J.
IBsHSJTOk .-. Eka^way. etc.. Alaska— It
EY^KfcE'Sfe a - m • March 7. 12. 17. •?!. 27.
K!7v!m9V\!i -April 1. Char.?* to com-
fvjsJvLJEal pany's steamer at Seitt!*.
I^BE^ra! For Victoria, Vancouver,
V" port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
conr.a. Everett. New What-
com— 11 a. m-T March 7. 12. 17, 22, 27. April 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. VT. Ry.: at Seattle or T»-
coma to N. P. Ry- : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
March 8. 13. IS, 23. 29. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo
(Lo« Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays. 9 a. ia. ;
State of California, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
CSan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro aad
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Bonita, 8 a. m.. March 7. 15, 23. 31. April 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19, 27, April 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex) — 10 a. m., 7ta of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICE— * Xew Montgomery
street fpalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
1O Market St., San Franci3CO.
:
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
SENATOR JTTSTZ I
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE J
Steamships CITY OF PTTEBLA mod QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco -May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th*
steamships Senator and Stats of California
made regular trips to Nome last year, lana-
Izx all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palaca
GOODALL. PERKIN3 ft CO.. Gent. AgenU.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only SteamslUis Iilns «o
PORTLAND, Or M
And Short Rail Lin« from PortU-H tn all
points East. Through Tickst* to all
points, oil ra>t or steamship and rail, a:
STEAMEB TICSET3 iKCLCDS BERTH »ad SEALS.
Sa COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 4. 14. 24. April 3
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Feb. 27; Mar. 0. 19. 29, April 9
Steamer sails from foot ot Spear *t., 11 a. tru
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gea. Agt. 1 Mong'y. 3.y.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling »t
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong 1 with steamers for India.
etc No cargo received on board on day o£
tailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. Marca 21st. 1903
SS. HOXGKOXG MARU....
Tuesday. April 13th. 1903
SS. NTPPOX MARU.... Friday. May 9th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agtint. (
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., March 20 10 a m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .........'
Saturday, March 29,"io a m_
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, March 29, 2 "p" m.
i. 6. SP3ECXELS & BROS. CO., fianarc: ijanta. 32? Martei St
gsn'l Passat^" CfSa, 643 Itariat St. Pia- Ix 7. ftaSc St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sad Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. i>ier 10, 12 m.
PALENA . . . .March 12 TUCAPEL . . . .April 19
SANTIAGO ..March 28 GUATEMALA ___1_I
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger ¦ service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 31fi California street.
BALFOUR. GtTTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R.'BS!
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Maal* Free.
S. S. Argyll ' sails Monday. Mar. 171
S. 8. Lcclanaw . sails .Monday, Mar. 2 \ \
S. S. .Arfiyll sails Tuesday. April 2 J
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Oftlce. 330 Market «c
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
C0MPA35I3 5SirEaAI,-3 IKAHSATiaHTIQM
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^-^
tailing every Thursday, Instead or <KuG5»
Saturday, at 10 a, m., from pier 42. hSSKKB
North River, foot of Morton street.
First. class to Havre, $70 and upward. S-con 1
class to Havre. 945 and upward. CE.NEHAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
a.mtiiucaw LiwE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTONi-LONDON.
Bt. Paul. Mar. 12.10 *.m}Philadel.,Mar 26.10 a.a
St. Louis.Mar.19.10 amiSt. Paul. Apr 2. 10 am
H.ED STP.OlU XjXIWOE.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PAR13.
Vaderland. Mar.l2,noon H«verford. Mar-2&noon
Kens'gton. Mar.ltJ.nooa Friesland. Aor 2. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. P. TAYLOR. 3O Montgomery at.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
Steuners GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
3:45 a. m., a: 15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. »:43 a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. exceps
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare sa
cents. Telephone Mala 130$. Landing *aj •
office, pier 2, Ulsaioa-atrcet dock. HATCH**
[HII EXPLANATION t,:, DISORDERED MEN {
I G "¦•¦¦¦>~s N^'\ ? IN SEARCH OF |
>• jJmg '.- PROPFR TI?FATMFNT §
r $ify sSS^lSi We do not delude ourselves o
I rM ..¦^fyr. "~ I for one moment that we are the o
* Mf^ jfefi^L ft on ty specialists . in the country. %
> \W^yP^?^|k> that cure the so " calle d "Weak- §
> W^iftfl^ ness 9*' Men," but we do wish to g
J V V^^^^^nr\, introduce to patients of this class J
>V yfl'j \vS certam sundry opinions we hold •
> /[_]/ t^liPw// \^ upon such cases, which, although •
> TZ* A II they may be at variance with •
> \\ \ W^Ji // ideas generally received, we are o
| F. L. talcdtt, M. d. , convinced from practical experi- %
i Strictly Reliable. ; , •
[ fl p pnrp arp rnrrprr J
I There Is no such condition as sexual "weakness" in a man otherwise strong ®
| and robust, and If the following facts are understood he may realize the useless" ©
I ness of treating it as such. , '" A
I Anatomy and Physiology teach us that the Prostate gland, so-called neck of A
'•* the bladder, is the very center of the reproductive system in the male. Inflara- if
» matlon of any urgan invariably^ causes disordered function of tnat organ and symp- •
) I toms peculiar to the organ inflamed arise. It should be apparent that the Prostate ©
) when damaged by long continued and .too often repeated excitement or the harm- O
I lul influence exercised by an 111-treateJ contracted disorder, that disordered function a
• must result. , : Congestion of the Prostate, by these factors, la so long kept ud that 5f
I ; It finally becomes localized as a chronic affection, and a catarrhal condition of the •
r ' ejaculatory and prostate ducts establishes itself. The flrst symptoms pointing to •
t '.' this prostate; disorder are- referable to the reproductive system. It is first noticed O
) that patients suffering from this disease are embarrassed by "Too • Qulcknesa " S
I I'his is invariably followed, if 'cure- Is -net .effected, by all those symptoms known 5
I : as "weakness." ..¦..: . w a O
' r. -The greater -number of patients suffering from -this "weakness" are healthr •
J; robust men in. every other respect, met. who possibly have been treated with tonics" •
»-. electricity, etc., for a weakness, which, if the above has been made clear win hi A
)¦ understood never to have existed. Some years ago we called the attention o* the «
i medical profession and others to the fact that the above well-defined disorders "were
! not weaknesses, but . symptoms, results of Inflammation, and that stomach dni-elnjr •
J could not cure, but procedures . directed toward repairing the damage always d?, V ed ©
P . successful, i as ' indicated immediately by increased circulation and renewed streneth Q
i The , adoption of this plan of treatment by the profession Is proof of Its co-rect *5
) ness. Colored chart ; of the organs sent sealed In plain wrapper free on application. *i
! Dr Talcott & Co " 7 Mapk^t street, s
\k~ *!• X vU^Vllt W-VU., • corner Sixth. •
r v^> ¦ ¦ '-¦ :..'¦.:*. -¦¦;,;..- ¦¦'/' ¦ - . •¦ . • ¦ > . ©
'O®©oeeo©e©©o©o©ooo©o0©«o®©©aeooo*5OGooe9oooooThere are 20,000 square miles of agri
cultural land in Natal alone, which car
ries a population of but one to the square
mile. The same paucity of farmin" pop
ulation prevails over the whole of South
Africa.
Connecticut is- to' consider amendments
to the present antiquated constitution of
the State^ and ' a ; convention will meet, in
January for the purpose. ..
An English officer In South Africa who
recently asked permission to take his
wife with him to Bloemfontein had his
letter returned to him by the general in
command with a blue-pencil comment on
the back: ."Officers upon active service
(under the rules) are - not allowed ani
mated comforts. ' , - .
A Ealtlmore woman temporarily in New
York gave hrr husband a surprise party
at Delmonico's on his birthday. It took
the form of a dinner, to which twelve
married couples sat down. The cost was
$150 a plate. The greater portion of the
cost was for music and flowers. The din
ner itself was one of the most elaborate
ever served in New York.
"The day will yet come when the maid
servant will demand piano privileges. It
will be a revival then, observes the Bos
ton Journal. As it remembers history in
Queen Bess* time the maid servant who
could' sing and play the harpsichord was
not forced to sit all day, in an employment
office. : »
I will have Pattern Hats, also other
choice models on. display, commencing
Wednesday, March 12. I extend a cordial
Invitation to ladies to call and examine.
Mrs. A. McDow. 24 Grant avenue. , *
Pattern Hats.
THE BOEB "WAR IS COSTING
GBEAT BBITAIN HEAVILY
Besides Actual Expense of Money,
the Shrinkage in. Values
Is Stupendous.
The stupendous fall in British Govern
ment, railroad and Industrials securities
since the South African war commenced
is almost without precedent. ¦
In two years, the Bankers' Magazine
says, the net decrease in the value of 325
selected securities amounts to the enor
mous total of £143.946.000 ($719,7C0.OC!0). Con
sols, which the day before the Boer ulti
matum were quoted at 103%. are now
91 13-10, whereas in the same period sev
eral foreign government stccks and Amer
ican railroads rose in value about £47,
000.000 ($235,000,000).
The decrease in fourteen British and
Indian Government funds amounted to
£76,292.000 ( $351,900,000). The common stock
of nineteen British railroads lost in value
in the war period over £69,000,000 ($345,103.
000), while the decline in railroad deben
tures and preferences brings the total loss
in railroad securities to over £100,000,003
($500,000,000).
New York City has thirty Japanese
Methodists. . . . _ . . .
Miss Emily Lawless Is most widely
known for her novels, but she is also a
poetess. A volume of verse from her pen
will appear soon. She had it printed for
private circulation some time ago and
now the public is to get it, with an in
troduction by Stopford . Brooke. It has
the title "With the Wild Geese." a title
which arises in Ihls way: "Wild gees"e"
was the name given by the , romantic,
sorrowful Imagination of the Irish to' the
exiles, who, like wild birds with their
wailing cry, emigrated to the Continent
before and after the battle of Aughrim
and the surrender of Limerick, in 1691.
The volume is to be published by Isbister.
A new volume by Edward Marston. the
well-known publisher, will j appear early
in the spring through his firm. It is a
series of sketches of | the booksellers In
the time of Dr. Johnson. Broadly speak
ing, . bookseller: and- publisher were then
one and the same. Marston's sketches so
deal with them. He begins, with Michael
Pemberton's output.is not excessive. As
a rule he writes two stories, each of about
eighty thousand words, every year. He
has a very individual way of writing his
Tiovels. First he writes out the story him
self, using many contractions and abbre
viations. This manuscript he reads to his
typist, who leaves very wide margins be*
tween the lines for transcription. Pern
berton then goes through' it again, alter
ing, adding and then* has a clean type
written copy prepared for .the printer.
Even then. he is not content and habit
ually makes many alterations in the
proof. Wtyle . his stories are appearing
serially ho often revises them consider
ably before they appear in the final book
form.
Max Pemberton's new story, "I .Crown
Thee King," will be published by Messrs.
Methuen during the spring, and "The
House Under the Sea," now appearing in
the Strand Magazine, will be published in
the autumn. After that will come "The
Gold Wolf," a powerful, realistic. study of
an ultra-modern millionaire.
If little fiction is coming out Messrs.
Elkin & Mathews are to put on the mar
ket a' guide to the historical branch of
fiction. It has been prepared by J. Nield,
and is the result of much careful inquiry
and patient work. The author has aimed
at producing a book which may be useful
in at least three ways. First, it will meet
the demand which is being made with in
creasing force by parents and education
ists, by giving a descriptive list of some
eight hundred historical romances sug
gestive of a course of reading for boys
and girls. Second, the guide will be of
service to all lovers of romantic literature.
Third, it may hope in some measure to
lessen the labors of librarians and book
sellers.
Comparative quietness still reigns In
and "around publishing land. .
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Johnson, father of Dr. Johnson, and his
list includes Andrew \Millar, the Lintots,
the Dodsleys and Thomas Evans. In
some cases the portraits of these celeb
rities of the old-time world have been ob
tained.
A, popular library of art, planned ex
pressly for the general public. Is to be
issued by Messrs. Duckworth. It is
thought that amid many monographs of
art there is room for just such a series,
which will appeal to the man who wants
to know about the great artists and their
work rather than to one who already
knows them well. On the other hand it
is hoped that every volume may contain
an appreciative criticism from fresh
points of view which will be suggestive
even to the learned. The first two vol
umes will be on Albert Durer ana
Rossettl, the writer in the one case be
ing Miss Una Eckensteln and in the other
Ford Maddox Hueffer.
The other contributors will be Miss
Clementina Black, W. S. Chesson, Edward
Garnett and G. K. Chesterton.
A gentleman who has kept track of
the newspaper accounts of prosecutions
and the official returns \of convictions
published in the regular reports of the
judiciary has a record of 9105 sentences
of imprisonment since William II as
cended the throne in 1889. They average
three months each, and represent a toial
of 2242 years of imprisonment. Among
those convicted were seven children un
der 10 years of age, eighteen between 10
and 15, forty-eicht between 15 and 13 and
l&J between li ar;d 2L In all 256 boys un
der 21 years ot age sent to Jail during a
period of e'even years for having shown
disrespect tr their sovereign. When the
Emperor did anything particularly fsen
fi.-itk-nal there was formerly an epidemic
of prosecutions for lese majeste, and the
jai's would be filled with editors, car
toonists ard othtib who made sport ci!
him. When he published his famous war
sang were thau 100 musicians and others
were puiupneti for unfavorable criticisms,
but such thincs no longer occur. Jt is
«-nly E(.r;<us cVmonstrations of rtlsoontenr
or hostility that receive the attention of
the courts.
A certain German- America?, from Chi
cago 1 believe, while- excited with wine
in one of the Berlin cafes expressed
with great freedom his opinion of the
German Government and Emperor Wil
liam. His remarks were overheard by two
officials sitting at an adjoining table, who
filed a formal complaint to the police.
The American Embassador succeeded in
securing the rel*ase of the culprit with
great difficulty, but was required to give
au assurance that he would leave Ger
many at once.
A story is told about the arrest of two
men In a cafe who were overheard to de
clare that the Emperor was a fool and a
jackass. . When arraigned in court they
declared that they referred to the Em
peror of China, and had so informed the
policeman who arrested them, but the
latter took the ground that such epithets
were not likely to be applied to any but
Emperor William of Germany. The hu
morous side of the explanation struck
several incautious editors, so that not less
than a dozen persons were convicted of
lese majeste in connection with that one
affair.
Some of the arrests in Germany for
lese majeste certainly appear very silly.
Early in the reign of the present Empe
ror a respectable girl of 19 at Breslau was
sent to jail for. merely criticising a pic
ture of the Kaiser which was exposed as
an advertisement in a shop window. At
Cologne a girl of 17, of excellent charac
ter, was imprisoned for six months be
cause Ehe tore to pieces a portrait of the
Kaiser which had formerly been tacked
to the wall of her own room. Herr Tro
jan, editor of Kladderadatsch, a comic
paper, served a long sentence for publish
ing a cartoon representing Julius Caesar,
Alexander the Great, Leonidas and other
warriors bf ancient history reading a
speech delivered by the Emperor in which
his Majesty said that no man could be a
good soldier unless he was a good Chris
tian.
"It is recommended that immediate
steps be taken to prevent the destroying:
of the gutta percha trees by the natives"
In gathering the product, and that sam
ples of the so-called gutta percha, some
of which are forwarded with this report,
be subjected to careful chemical analysis
r>y a recognized authority upon this sub
ject, and that if such report warrants
n special expedition, under the general su
r>crvlEion of the forestry division of the
Philippines, be sent out at an early date
to determine the location, extent, quan
iltv etc. of this product, with a view to
focu'ring ' f or the Government what may
prove a most valuable and lasting indus
try in these islands."
An Ingenious headmaster in North Wales
Y*sji calculated tha* the British boy loses
<->n a.n averace of 273 •whole school days by
the clumsiness of the present system of
tvetehta and measures. The cure, he says,
is the metric system^
Some 14ca of the vast -wealth of London
may be gathered from the fact that the
flre Insurance carried by the metropolis
1k now 54.C5Q.000/viO. Canada's flre insur
ance amounts to 5756,257,033.
"Due to the large demand, gutta percha
is now secured from the dry leaves, bark
snd twigs of the trees by an entirely me
chanical method, thus preserving the
irees themselves, which can yield indefi
nitely. It is claimed for this process,
which is now in operation in Singapore,
that whereas only about one-sixty-fourth
part of the gutta percha is obtained by
the native, the leaves and twigs are found
to contain 9 to 10 per cent of clean gutta
percha. and that as high as 3 per cent has
been extracted from the bark stripped off
-trees which have been left on the ground
by the natives for three or four years as
useless.
"It may be said there Is no doubt
that there are large quantities of so-called
£Uita. percha in the southern islands of
tne Philippine archipelago, and that the
extent ana value of this product can only
be determined by carelul prospecting and
examination by recognized gutta percha
experts.
•ine market at present for the Sulu
E.rchipelago is Singapore and not Manila.
There is everv eviaence that the buyers
in Singapore, due to the scarcity and re
cent great profits to be made in gutta
percha. are looking for the purchase of
v.hatever product can be obtained from
the Philippines, and I have evidence of a
Kingle shipping of gutta percha from Cot
tabato to Singapore which netted the
Singapore dealer $30,000.
"As stated above, the Singapore dealers,
who are posted as to the value of this
) roduct. naturally are interested that no
knowledge of the subject shall be ob
tained, and. in fact, none of the natives,
nor, indeed, any of the inhabitants, appre
ciate the present value of gutta percha as
a commercial product in the world's mar
ket.
The trans-Pacific cable "will consume
about 3,000,000 pounds of gutta percha, and
the army signal officers are somewhat
concerned lest the demand seriously af
fect the price of the material. An officer
of that corps. Captain George Squire, has
recently made an investigation of the
tources of tne supply, and nas made a re
port to General oreely, to whom he
v rites :
The Increased Demand
and Short Supply
Raise Prices.
Very Frequent Cause of
Serious Trouble in
Germany.
Many books, some 660 lots, ranging front
one to one hundred in each lot, were sold.
In the general merchandise lots, which
numbered 5339, there. were all varieties of
underwear, tools, clothing, fancy work,
cigars, electrotypes, bicycle sundries, etc.
all jumbled together to confuse the pros*
pective purchasers.— Express Gazette.
There were several lots of foreign coins,
running from fifty to eighty-three coins
in each lot. Dentist gold, nuggets and
other rough and smooth gold were sold.
The diamond jewelry Included a diamond
scarfpin, two cluster rings, one with seven
and the other with five stones, and a sol
itaire. One of the watches was set with
diamonds. As the size of the diamonds
were not mentioned in any instance there
were opportunities for bargains. »
The. annual sale of articles whloh lind
fallen into the possession of the Dead Let
ter OlllUU lUUtl plUCO 1.1 IV«luilUi(,.JH l\.
cently. A choice lot of articles were of
fered for sale, Including many. handsome
pieces of jewelry. To facilitate the sale
and to give purchasers an inkling of the
character of the articles- to be -offered, a
catalogue had been prepared which gave
an idea but by no means an elaborate de
scription of them. Among the articles
were gold rings, set ana unset rings,
silver watches, gold -watches, fraternity
and college pins, fobs, chains, bracelets,
spoons of all kinds, lockets and spectacles.
Two hundred and fifty lots of jewelry
were offered for sale, and as they com
prised such lots as "silver bonnet brush
food pusher, paper cutter, two cuticle
knives, gold brush, two sets scarfpins.
Nethersole . bracelet, two silver chain
bracelets" and "woman's turquoise ring,
silver guard chain, chased perfume boi
tle, pair of gold cuff buttons," there was
abundance of room for speculation.
Letter Office Embraces
Almost Everything.
LOSSES OF VALUABLES
IN UNITED STATES MAILS
The Annual Sale of Articles in Dead
The latest arrivals at the Hotel Rafael
were Miss Florence Windling, Miss Clara
Durhon, Mr. and Mrs. George Mobser, Mr.
William D. Forbes, Mrs. Louise Berry
man, Mr. William Spark's, Mrs. J. M.
Lltchfield, Mr. Emll F. Fisher and Mr. S.
H. Hawkins of San. Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Qrritt and Miss Orritt of Ala
meda; Mr. W. E. Thompson of Vancou
ver, B. C; Mr. S. M. Woods of New York;
Mr. John Nevin of San Diego; Mr. M. C.
Osborn of Petaluma; Mr. James Colliman
of Topeka, Kan.; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Flint of San Juan; Mr. and Mrs. E. St.
John of Chicago; Mr. E. K. Norton of De
troit; Miss Brooks of Seattle; Mrv.C. E.
Evans of Thayer, Kan. ; Mr. C. M. Cross
of Hanford; Mr. James M. Healy of Phil
adelphia; Mr. Milton Cross, Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Casey, Miss Ruth Casey. Mr. and
Mrs. L. A. Wright. Mr. L. D. Ventura, of
San Rafael; Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Miller
and Mrs. E. H Cardinet
Mr. and' Mrs. Charles . Tichner of , 252
Eighth . street. Oakland, have moved to
San Francisco to reside permanently.
Joseph Neuberger, a prominent produce
merchant of Chicago, accompanied by his
wifo and little daughter, Stella, are vis
iting relatives In this city and making a
pleasure tour of the Pacific • Coast. Mr.
and Mrs.. Neuberger are being extensively
entertained' during their sojourn- in San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mr3. I. Gelger have returned
from their wedding trip and will be
pleased to receive their -friends. . .
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Bert Schlesinger have re
turned from their visit to New York and
Washington.
GOTTA PERCHA
WILL BE SCARCE
LESE MAJESTE
CATCHES MANY
. The salaries of the other officials of the
Philippine Government are stated as fol
lows: Heads of departments, $15,500; Com
missioners, $5000; Executive Secretary,
$7500; Treasurer. $6000: Auditor. $6000; Su
preme Judge, $7000; other Judges, $5000;
Chief of the Forestry Bureau, $3500; pro
vincial Governors. $2000. These salaries
are compared with similar salaries paid
in other colonial Governments, and while
in some instances they are higher, in the
majortiy of instances they are lower, con
sidering the greater responsibilities in
volved.
The population of the Philippines is
stated at 10.000,000, and that of Burmah at
the same figure, and is exceeded by no
other of the countries named except Java.
.The Division of Insular Affairs of the
War Department has issued a statement
showing tho-salaries paid to chief insular
and colonial officials of principal Govern
ments of the world, as compared with the
salaries paid by the United States to sim
ilar officials in the Philippines. The Gov
ernor of the Philippines receives $20,000,
which is less than is paid to any similar
official, with the exception of the Govern
ors of South Australia and West Austra
lia, each of whom receives the same; the
Governor of the Straits Settlements, who
receives $16,900, and the Governor of the
Federated Malay States, who receives but
$6000. The Governor of Java, which coun
try has a population. of 34,000,000, receives
$160,000; the Governor of India, $83,350; the
Governor of Burmah. $33,000; the Govern
ors of New South Wales and New ;Zea
land, $35,000 each; the Governor of Ceylon,
$26,000, and the Governors of Malta, Mauri
tius, Queensland, Victoria and Hongkong,
$25,000 each.
and of Governor of Philippines
'Lowest! but One.
Tliat of Governor of Java Highest
An enjoyable surprise party was given
for Miss Anna Shcehan by her many
friends at her residence, 133 Octavia
street, Tuesday evening, March 4, it being
the occasion of he*r birthday. A pleasant'
time was spent jn singing, dancing and
games until the small hours of the morn
ing. Supper was served at 12 o'clock.
Those present were Miss Anna Sheehan,
Miss Nellie Winchell, Miss A. Peterson.
Miss Bess Lippert, Miss M. Sheehan, Miss
R. Daulton, Miss N. Sheehan. Miss J.
Crooks, Miss B. Rimassa, Miss M. Lip
pert, Miss Nellie Sheehan, Miss Loralne
Martin, Charles Kaientz, W. Lippert, D.
Sheehan, Ed Olerich, George Sheehan, J.
Slevlns, O. Slevins, E. Cummings, J.
Sheehan, Jack Sheehan, Ed Houlihan, Mr.
and Mrs. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Sheehan,
SALAKIES OF INSULAR
OFFICERS COMPARED
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Sultzberger gave
a reception and christening party at their
residence on Sacramento street, for their
little son Alphonzo, February 1.
Among those present were Masters Al
bert Bunemann, Walter Bunemann, Wen
dell Ebner, Churchill French,- Aurelius
Herzog, Arthur Henne. Harry Mohrdick,
Walter Mohrdick. Melvin McCrellis.
Frank McCrellis Jr.. Rolla Voorhies and
Harold "Wittman; the Misses Ethel Baker
Josie Conboy. Hazel Conboy. Alice
French, Lola Henne, Eva Mclrityre, An
nette Velard, Renee Wittman, Henrietta
Wittman, Helen Wittman and Alma Witt
man; Mr. Velard, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Herzog, Mrs. Moyles and Mr. and Mrs.
William Bunemann.
A pleasant birthday party was tendered
Master Albert Bunemann Friday evening
February 28, at the residence of his par
ents, 978 Hayes street. Music, singing and
games were indulged In by the young
folks and at 10 o'clock refreshments were
served.
The wooden anniversary of the wedding
of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Lenenberger was
celebrated at 514 Sutter street, February
22. The decorations were white and blue
The rooms were beautifully decorated
with rare flowers and smilax. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Lenenberger, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Fritschl]
Mr. and Mrs. A. Metlns. Mr. and Mrs'
D. W. Crowley, Mr. and Mrs. F. Baumel'
Mrs. 0. Zitska. Miss M. Gimpel. W.
Fritschi. Miss L. Crosthwaite 1 . P. Millet,
J. Lentenegger and a number of others.
Pretty favors of redwood were given the
guests.
Miss Emilye Murphy, one of this sea
son's most charming debutantes, gave a
delightful luncheon at her home, 1006 Bush
street, on Tuesday afternoon to twelve
of her girl friends. The hostess looked
charming in a white crepe de chine over
taffeta silk. The decorations were pink
and white.
Home Parties.
The marriage of Miss Amelia Burk
hardt and Harry J. Breuor was soleip'nlzed
Wednesday evening at 8:30 o'clock at the
residence of the bride's father, 220 Thir
teenth street, the Rev. William Rader offi
ciating. After the ceremony a repast was
served. The house was beautifully deco
rated. Owing: to the recent bereavements
in the bride's family only the immediate
relatives were present. The young cou
ple have gone south for their honeymoon.
Charles S. Mortimer and Miss Helen
J. Hopkins of Portland were married last
Tuesday evening at Portland. The bride
is. well known in social circles in Portland
and the groom is well known in this city,
it being his former home. After April 15
Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer will make their
home at 303 Cherry s,treet, Portland.
They're Married
Mr. and Mrs. J. II. Newbauer gave a
theater party last Thursday at the Co
lumbia Theater in honor of Miss New
bauer, \ and afterward entertained, guests
at the Concordla Club.
The L* Allegro Social Club gave it3 first
smoker and high jinks "Thursday, March
6, at its clubrooms, San Francisco Hall,
Alcazar building. The .following pro
gramme was rendered during the • even
ing: Piano solo, Horace Hlnman; ¦' song-,
"No Need of You Callin* Round," Billy
Hoyer; recitation, Paul Schaffner; song,
Louis Lobe; a few specialties, Gus Pol
lack; banjo and mandolin solo, Messrs.
Harold and Jacobs; recitation, "Down by
the Old Church," Cliff Fields: coon songs,
Frank Mitchell, and song, James : Ryan.
The entertainment was in the hands of
the following committee: Gus Pollack,
Paul Schaffner and Charles Kells,
The Mission Literary Club held Its Feb
ruary meeting: at the home of Mrs. G.
Miller, 30 Liberty street. The annual elec
tion of officers was held, resulting in the
election of Mrs. J. Kemp president, Mrs.
E. B. Vreeland vice president. Mrs. E.
McEwen treasurer and Mrs. T. Morrin
secretary. A course of reading of Shakes- 1
peare was planned for the ensuing six
months. A pleasant feature of the after
noon was the presentation of a dainty
monogram pin of the^ club to Mrs. J.
Burns, who has served as president for
three years. Those present' were: Mrs.
J. Burns, Mrs. J. . " Kemp, Mrs. W. A.
Hewitt, Mrs. W. A. Brace, Mrs. T. Banks,
Mrs. F. A. Cook. Miss M. Cook, Mrs. T.
A. Farless, Mrs. J. Hey, Mrs. E. McEwen,
Mrs. G. Miller, Mrs. E. B. Vreeland and
Mrs. T. Morrin. . ¦
The meeting of the Country Club held
last week with Mrs. Mayhew at Niles was
largely attended. It was the pleasure of
the club to have with it Mrs. Kate Bulk
ley, newly elected president of the State
Federation of Woman's Clubs, who spoke
on State federation, the advantages of it
and the good women can do by working
In unison. . Reports . . from Mrs. Bunting
and Mrs. Ford, delegates to the Stale
Federation Convention, were given. Seven
ladles were received into membership-
Mrs. Charles Overacker of Niles, Mrs.
Blanche Witherly, Mrs. Julia Straven,
Mrs. Edna Babb, Miss M. S. Babb, Mr3.
M. E. Griffin and Miss Grace Jury of Ir
vington. On April 1 the Country Club
pvill meet with Mrs. Lernhart at Center
ville.
Club Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. Isidor Levin will hold a
reception at their residence, 1105 Laguna
street, on Sunday, March 16, from 2 to 5
p. m., in honor of the engagement of their
daughter Pearl, to Marc E. Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. Labling announce the en
gagement of their daughter Ray to Abe
Fine. . . .
Mr. and Mrs. M. Jacobson of 1337 La
guna street announce the engagement of
their daughter Hattie to Julius Cohn of
Oakland. They will receive March 23,
from 2 to 5.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Isabel Van Winkle, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. P. S. Van Winkle, to William Her
bert Thomson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam T. Thomson.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Violet Goodman to Henry Windt.
The engagement of Miss A. Michaels
to Joe Springer Is announced. :
They're Engaged.
diate friends and relatives
present." At one of the latest events, how
ever, the McNear-Hopkins nuptials, the
doors were cordially thrown open to all
the house could hold, and. the fiat to let
joy be unconfined was observed to the
letter by the happy guests, who could
scarcely find enough good wishes to be
stow.
><^"> UPID has had many triumphs
/l\"^ the past week. Somehow wed
[( \ dings are always festive occa-
IV \ ¦ sions, no matter if every effort
ls made to have the affair
.^*" "very quiet" with "only imme-
A pleaSant surprise party was given for
Mr. and Mrs. West at . their residence,
1207A Bush street, on Thursday evening,
March 6. Songs and recitations- were the
features of the evening. Those present
were Mr. and Mrs. S. M. "West, Mr. and
Mrs. Page. Mr. and Mrs. A. Thorpe, Mrs.
Puttuck, Mrs. Roche, Mrs. Doolittle, Mrs.
May, Mrs. Donovan, Mrs. G. Buzzini, Miss
L.illie Puttuck, Miss Lillie West, Mr. Mor
ris, S. Gianettonl, E. Raabe, J. Erb, -Dr.
G^'e. Bushnell, M. Buzzini, Mr.' Jenkins,
Master A. West, Master Puttuck.
Xi A pleasant party was given to Miss Nel
lie Barry last Sunday night on her twen
ty-lirst birthday, at 'the residence of her
sister, Mrs. John Hurley, 1100 Shotwell
street. Among tho many present were:
Miss Hannah Barry, Miss Nellie Barry.
Miss Lally, Miss Lynch, Miss Mazle Hur
ley, Miss Ileen Hurley, Miss Mercy Al
lan, Wallace Allan,'. George Lynch. James
Lynch, Miss Birdio Barry, Miss Nellie
Carney, Miss Nellie Hurley and Mrs. R.
Allan.
Tevls Martin
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAX FRMCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 9, 1902.
33
NEWMAN & LEVHTSON. _ .,_-,_-.--
¦ : ; ¦ ~~~ ~~~~l
Magnificent Easter Display of 18111
Ladies High Class Costumes
Exquisite 'copies of the latest Paris models — Smart, charming, beautiful creations, suitable for
calling, reception and theatre wear.
LADIES' DRESS COSTUMES *
Richly made of Brussels Net, Chantilly Net, Tucked gnd Fancy Nets, Moire, Etamine, Silii
Poplin and Foulards — fashioned after the very latest Parisian' designs,'
$30.00 $50.00 $65.00 $82.00 $125.00
LADIES' FANCY JACKETS
Made in the Gibson, Postilion and new Eton styles — of Moire, Peau de Soie and Taffeta — \-ery
handsome and stylish.
. ; $11.50 $17.50 $20.00 $26.00 $37.50 *
FANCY SILK DRESS SKIRTS
In fashions' latest, made of Moire, Peau de Soie, Taffeta Silk, Lace Nets and Chiffons, in the
very newest serpentine and flare cuts,
$20.00 $27.50 $35.00 250.00 $62.50 :/
NOVELTY SI LK WAI STS
Delightful nevyspring styles in Peau de Soie, Moire and Peau de Cypne in the latest Parisian ani
Gibson effects, ¦
$6.00 $7.75 $9.25 $13.75 $19.50
Ribbons for Easter
- New Ribbons — received just in time for Easter — Ribbons for every purpose — Novelty fancy
Ribbons in all the latest plaid, stripe, check and polka dot effects — plain colored soft ribbons'in everv
imaginable shade in. Peau de Soie, Chiffon, Mousseline, Liberty Satin, Crepe, etc.— an assortment ?a
extensive that we are almost sure to suit everybody — For to-morrow these values in soft ribbons :
All Silk Chiffon Taffeta Ribbons, ITp All colors in Pure Silk ribbons,satin and QET/-.
4 inches wide," all colors taffeta backs, 4 inches wide -^}C
Satin and Taffeta back all Silk Ribbons, Best Quality Mousseline Taffeta QCT r
,$}4 inches wide, extra quality «J«JC Ribbons, 5% inches wide, all colors ODC.
Double faced Liberty Satin Ribbonj, "^cr^. We tie ribbons into the latest Knots and
4 inches wide, superior quality ...^._. "r.'-v.V* Bows — free of charge.
New Ideas in Neckwear.
. Neckwear more beautiful than ever — especially selected for Easter wear — The dressiest, daintiest
novelties we have ever brought out— we cannot half express their beauty, it is impossible for you to
appreciate them until you see them — Special Values to-morrow :
Swiss and Dimity Wash Ties, prettily tucked, Handsome assortment of Linen Turnover
some with turn over collars, 25c, 35c, 50c, 60c. Collars, embroidered tops, all colors, 85;.
.. Washable Tantivy Croats, in Zephyrs .and The Speedway washable fancy collar and
Fancy Mercerized effects, 50c, 85c, $1.00. bow, all colors, $1.25.'
White Pique stock collar and colored tie with Lace Applique Stocks and Jabots in handsome
fancy button, 65c and 73c Jeweled and Beaded effects, $2.00 to $6.00.
Elegant Dress Trimmings
Visit this department if you wish to be in touch with the newest — Here you will find duplicates of
the French favorites in Passementeries, Appliques, Gimps, Edgings, and Bands in the handsomest of
imported goods that are the present vogue.
Pompador Trimmings with handsome lace and • 1 Beige color Trimmings, in appliques and
applique effects in exquisite colorings, $3.00 to passementeries — this season's fashionable shade
$6.75 yard. . in handsome designs, 75c to $3.00 yard.
Pompadour Ornaments— in entirely new de- Embroidered Grass Cloth . Trimmings, large
signs and colorings, 30c and 35c each. assortment of choice patterns, $2.50 to $4.50 yard.
New Applique Trimmings in black, white and Colored Spangled Trimmings in exquisite lacy
handsome colored effects, 25c to $12.00 yard. designs — for evening wear, $1.25 to $12.75 yard.
Kearnp and Sutter Sts. \\
NEW ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
rcine-tcnths of the diseases of the scalp
«n«5 hair are caused by parasite perms.
The Importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be overes-
timated. It explains why ordinary hair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fall to cure dandruff; because
they do not, and they cannot kill the
dandruff germ. The only hair preparation
tn the world that positively destroys' the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the j
ecalp into scales called scurf or dandruff
is Newbro's Herplclde. In addition to Its
destroying the dandruff germ, Herpicide
J« also a delightful hair dressing, mak-
tes the hair glossy and soft as silk.
i ¦
Monday and Tuesday
{March 10th and nth.
Robert Wallace
219 Grant Avenue.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. £ ._. ,_;_
/ UNHAPPY MARRIAGES;
r y MARGARET L. BRIGGS.
(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)
Although it does not seem possible, some women never find out the
likes and dislikes of their husbands. Men for the most part haye decided
opinion* about dress and the furnishings of the h^use, although they are
usually bashful about them and rarely acknowledge them. Women ignore
these things, yet expect their husbands to live up to the love of the
courtship days, a time when a woman carries out even the slightest sug-
gestion from the man she loves.
There is one wife I know whose husband would like to see the house
filled with friends, entertained by his wife dressed in her prettiest way.
Tet rarely are visitors welcomed to that house, and often when they do
come the husband is mortified at his wife's appearance. Not that she is
unclean, or anything of that kind. But she does not bother to keep up
with the new little wrinkles of fashion, and more often than not she is
dowdy and even shabby In appearance. Some men would not care about
these things— her husband does, and It seems a pity she should not take
the little trouble necessary to please him.
Then there is the woman who is always sick. Of course, her husband
is sorry about it and sympathizes with her and loves her all the more.
But If that woman has some nervous or female trouble that makes her
unhappy and irritable all the time, and she Is continually complaining
and never doing anything to get well, by and by her husband gets tired
of it He stays away from home— one evening this week, perhaps more
in a few weeks, always mare and more— until the wife wakes up with a
start some day to find that the companionship between herself and her
husband is gone. '
She braces up and tries to get well. She fixes her. gowns up prettily,
she drops the fretful conversation at the table, she gets up little parties
and excursions that she thinks her husband will enjoy, but nothing
brings him back. What a man has tired of will never attract him again.
When a woman is continually sick, this day with . a . headache, tfie
next perhaps with a pain in her side— when there Is always some ailment
tnat unfits her for her duties, when she Is irritated and nervous and blue
— when a woman gets in this condition she may be sure there is some-
thing wrong with her generative organs, that she has some one of those
feminine troubles which seemingly amount to so little, but eventually
make life almost unbearable.
It is useless and foolish for a woman to w»lt until these troubles
bring constant pain, until nervousness and irritability have estranged
all her friends. The time to take them in hand is when they begin,
when the only signs are a few mutterings of pain at the monthly period,
and nervousness and weariness. If she does this she will bring happi-
ness to herself and all those about her, and she will not tire her husband
with her continual complaints, many of which seem to him visionary. If
any woman as soon as she feels like complaining, as soon as she feels
sick she hardly knows from what, will take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, she .can be sure she will be cured. The mysterious aches and
pains that women have so often are always the result of some uterine trou-
ble. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound gets at the root of these
troubles and cures them. All the backache and headaches, all the feeling
of exhaustion that make the day's work seem unbearable, are overcome
by this medicine. "When a woman feels as though she simply cannot dress,
when the daily bath becomes a hardship, when It Is an Effort to be pleasant
and to exercise those little arts to please that our sex understand so well,
let the woman take warning. It }s the natural thing for a woman to make
herself attractive and charming. When she is strqng and healthy she does.
that as involuntarily as she breathes; when she doesn't do it she is sick.
Let her then write to Mrs. Pinkhatn. Lynn. Mass.. for advice, and take
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. ,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are • removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. 'Taylor, rooms
2S-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaianteed; hours 1 to 4 p. tn,
ifa-Mi ¦ "ii i i iim irnm'ii * ir I iT~irHMH'ibiini in Mi i \,Jeff Doolittle and A. Brown, who have
organized a company for the purpose, will
dredge the Tuolumne River near La
Grange for gold, and bottom lands and
A. P. Dron, superintendent of the Longfel
low and Nonpareil mines at Big Oak Flat,
Is the leader In a movement calculated to be
of vast Importance to the mining Interests of
that section. At present mines in the vicinity
are operated by steam power, and Mr. Dron
Is making an effort to install a water service.
The old ditch, which formerly carried water
to the section, but which by long abandon
ment and neglect has been greatly damaged,
is being considered as the best and cheapest
means of getting water to the mines. It Is
estimated that $10,000 will be required to put
the ditch in serviceable condition. . ¦
The Sonora Union-Democrat says:
Now It In found out thut the rich quarts
IcilRrn for which the iiro«i»uctori» havo been
KcarchlnK for no lorn? ore mrreted behind tho
Iron Ktrutn. The nol<l la hidden In pockcU or
kidneys nnd tho pockets aro Immensely rich.
The Iron ledge* are numerous nround the curni>
and they have taken a very sudden Jump In
price. Development work has been done on
Bevcrnl of the ledgeH and In every Instance free
gold has been found in the pockets.
The Dale Is very much In need of a first
class large stamp mill. There are several
crude Email affairs here and though they do
not answer the needs of the camp they are
making money. Sabbathe & Kllliun have been
cperatlnff a two-stamp mill here for sever,
years and have made It a very profitable busi
ness. The same Is true with the two-stamp
mill owned by the Meachams. The Brooklyn
mill, a three-stamp affair, Is the largest in
the camp, and It has coined money pounding
out ore, and It has done this while paying
for water at 0 cents a gallon. There is plenty
of ore here, rich ore. though it needs energy
and skill to get it out. and there is an elegant
opening for a large stamp mill.
Find Near Coloma.
- A rumor is given circulation by the
Mining and Scientific Press that two men
took out gold to the value of $3000 recently
as the result of one day's clean-UD at
Lotus, El Dorado County, two miles from
Coloma, tho site of the discovery of the
ttrat nugget picked up in California. The
Elver Hill mine at Placervlllo will eooa
be crushing 100 tons of rock per day. The
Tollhouse mine near Placervilla has been
sold at Sheriff's sale to a Cleveland, Ohio,
man, who was one of tho leading stock
holders In tho old company. Tho price
was only $2084. Thfl property Includes 100
acres of ground find a twenty-stamp mill,
together with hoisting works and machin
ery.
Tho Tuolumno Independent eaya that J.
l-\ Anderson of Soulsbyvillo hus bonded
a half-interest In tho Hidden Treasure
placer tnino to W. P. Scott and others.
Tho property includes 170 acres near
Cherokee. „ ...
Tho San Bernardino Sun contains a long
nccount of quartz mining at Dal©. Tho
Bun nays in imrt :
The Yreka Journal says that all the
placer, hydraulic and quartz mines in
Bibkiyou County are operating. A new
ledge is reported to have been discovered
by the Ked Bird Company, which is
working at .Yreka Flats. The new dredger
at Callahans is about ready to work the
bed of the south fork of Scott River..
The Mother Lode Banner says that
work has begun at the Wheat-Perrin
mine in Tnoiumne County, which has
been bonded to Kansas parties. The
Mack mine at Big Oak Flat, according to
the same authority, has been closed down
under financial difficulties. Attachments
to the amount of several thousand dollars
have been placed on the property for
wages.
The Mutual Mining Company has been
reorganized and is operating a prospect
en Amador Kill, Amador County. A re
port is circulated that a contract is out
lor the sale of the Wabash mine, on the
mother lode, between Amador City and
Sutter Creek. Chase & Sons will try to
turn the Mokelumne River at Clinton Bar
at low water. A new 60-stamp mill will
bu built during the coming summer for
Ihe Kennedy mine.
The Bob Tail mine in the Mojave dis
trict of- Kern County, for which San,
Francisco parties are reported to have
paid $27,000, has been developed to some
extent. There is considerable activity in
the district mentioied. The Exposed
Treasure Mining Company lias solved the
water problem by piping in water from
Oak Creek, a distance of eighteen miles.
The Iowa Consolidated mines at Rich
Gulch, Calaveras County, will have a 40
stami) mill. '
Mojave IHstrict Active.
There are many millions of dollars'
worth of saline deposits in Death Valley.
If the estimates that have been made by
Professor Bailey for State Mineralogist
Aubury are correct, the amount is in the
hundreds of millions of dollars' worth.
All the facts will be published soon in a
pamphlet or bulletin to be issued by the
State Mining Bureau. , The story that
Professor Bailey tells will be quite a sur
prise to the majority of the inhabitants of
this State, for Death Valley has not gen
erally been regarded as a great store
house of wealth. The saline deposits have
atiracted' a great deal of attention lately.
Lp.rge tracts of lands on y which are saline
deposits have been take v n up by citizens
of this State. The bulletin, of the State
Mining Bureau will give an amount of
valuable information which will be eager
ly sought.
There is Interest in the account giver*
by the Daily Mining Review of Denver
of the bromide process which is being
tried at Colorado City. The claim is
niide that by its use ore as low as $3
per ton can be profitably handled. Ac
cording to the Mining Kecord, the ores
of Cripple Creek are almost identical with
those of the Kalgourlie district in Aus
tralia, where the process was tried, on a
large scale. The company that owns the
right for the Western Hemisphere is
composed of New York moneyed men.
The work begins at Colorado City with
a mill capable of handling 125 tons per
day.
Saline Deposits Are on an
Enormous .Scale in the
Dread Region.
Bailey's Report to the
Mining Bureau Is
Interesting.
DEATH VALLEY
HOLDS MILLIONS
Grant Hnllelt of UubIi County hnn mur>
Uctod thirty fat hoK» which woro tvi\
nothing but wheat. On commencing this
feed Mr. Hnllctt weighed the Iiorb, ho lm
did BKaln when he mnrkctnd thorn. Tho
difference In weight Hhowed that he re
ceived exactly $1 a bushel for -tho wheat
which they had consumed.— Kanaus City
Journal. '
It Is said by botanists that sugar cane
Is not found growing wild la any part of
the world.
Commander George W. Bauer has been
detailed to preside at an election on board
of the Marion for Lieutenant Peterson,
junior grade, term expired.
Lueutenant Otto of the Fifth Division,
Naval Militia, has asked to be placed on
the retired list. He has been detailed
to preside at an election to be held in
Eureka to fill vacancies by reason of the
expiration of time of service of Lieuten
ant Foley, Junior grade, and Ensigns Mc-
Laughlln and Caldwell.
The engineer corps of the naval militia
tested the new steam launch last week
and found that its speed is ten knots.
The naval militia at this port is making
preparations to fittingly observe Decora
tion day.
During the month of February ten en
listed men were discharged from the ser
vice of the State out of the First In
fantry, six on account of removal, two
at expiration of term and two by two
thirds vote of the company.
Corporal Charles A. Burnett, who passed
an examination with 85 per cent, has
been appointed sergeant in Company H.
At their own request, approved by the
company commanders. Quartermaster
Sergeant Charles J. Wohr of Company F
and Sergeant John M. Mlller/of Company
G have been reduced to the ranks.
Privates ISugene Dlnjjley, Robert C.
Rock and Charles M. Marvlne of Com
pany F of the First Infantry were recent
ly tried before a summary court-martial,
Major George Filmer presiding, for neg
lect of duty. They were found guilty, and
each was ordered to pay a fine of SIS
and be dishonorably discharged from the
service of the State. The proceedings,
findings and sentence have been approved
by Colonel Thomas F. O'Ncll.
Since j the beginning of the year there
has been a revival of interest in the First
Infantry Regiment of the National Guard
of California. There la a better attend
ance at drills, and It looks as if there
is a determination to bring the regiment
to the front once more. One of the in
dications of progreBFivenens Is the estab
lishment of a school of Instruction for
the ron-commissioned officers, which will
be held on the fourth Tuesday of each
month hereafter, commencing on the 23th
Inst. The company commanders have betn
instructed that thry mu*t notify their
"non-coms" to attend these schools regu
larly, else there may bo trials before a
summary court-martial for neglect of
duty. Lieutenant Colonel John P. Con
nolly has been detailed as instructor at
these schools.
Adjutant General Stone has issued an
order to the Second Brigade that the an
nual muster and inspection will be held
between April 15 and July 1, the inspec
tion to be by llajor ICapthaly, brigade In
epector, who will fix the date. He will
not inspect the First Artillery Battalion,
as an officer will be specially detailed
for that purpose. This battalion will be
inspected during the latter half of May.
Colonel D. E. Miles, who was assistant
adjutant general on the ij^'islon staff,
having been at his own request placed
on the retired list. Lieutenant Colonel
Evans, signal officer, has been advanced
Ao the position made vacant by the re
tirement of Colonel Miles. Evans' rank
from this time on is colonel.
Hcv. T. Brown of tho Htarr King African
Mothodlm Episcopal '/Aun Church will
preach this morning on."Gn«l In Lovn,"
and in tho evening on "In llurfnony With
tho Infinite, or tho Fullness of Divine
Places."
Rev. J5. Nclander of tho Fimt Lutheran
Church will preach thin morning on "Tho
Feeding of th<» live ThouHiind," and in
thfl evening on "Tho Cane of Kolix."
Rev. Frederick W. Clampott of tho
Trinity ChurrhNwIll preach this morning
on "Paul Before Felix."
Itev. 13. 11. Avory of tho Westmlnst«r
PreHbyterlan Churrh will preach this
morninff on "The Kingdom In Coming,"
iind in the evening on "Thq Uplifted Ser
pent."
Rev. H. U. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Influence," and In tho even
ing en "True Wlndom."
Rev. Dr. Hemphlll of tho Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Tho Working God and the
Working Man." Mr. Eldrodgo will preach
in the evening on "Tho Value of Our
Thought of God."
Rev. R. R. Lloyd of the Park Congre
gational Church will preach this morning
on "Every Believer a Preacher," and In
the evening on "At a Banquet With St.
Paul; or, Foreknowledge, Foreordlnatlon,
Calling and Election."
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Endurance as a Virtue," and
in the evening on "Publicans and Phari
sees."
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Refuge of the Soul," and in
the evening on "The Lawyer."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Circle of Life," and In the
evening on ''The Deluge: Fact or Fic
tion."
"Substance" Is the subject of the lesson
this morning: at the First Church of
Christ, Scientists.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on
"Turning the World Upside Down," and
in the evening on "Ashamed of the Gos
pel."
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Confirmation," and in
the evening on "Power: God's Gift to the
Church."
"The Greatest Thing in the World" and
"The Great Judgment Day" will be the
topics which Evangelist C. Fenwlck Reed
will preach on to-day in Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church.
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this evening on "The Life of Jesus
In the Light of Modern Thought."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this* morning on "pur Folks in the South
land," and in the evening on "Fanning
the Fire."
Dr. L. M. Hartley will apeak on "How
to Throttle the Saloon" in the morning
at the First Methodlot Episcopal Chueh,
In the evening the pastor, Rev. F. K.
Bnkcr, will preach on "The Cause and
Cure of Suicide."
Rev. F. A. ICeaKt of the Epworth Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach this
morning on "God's Doorkeepers." In tho
evening L. M. Hartley, superintendent of
tho Anti-Saloon League of Northern Cali
fornia, will lecture on "Ilow tho War
Wajjes and Wins."
T.ev. P. W. Lloyd of th© nichmond
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Do We Care For Souln?"
and in the evening on "Almost Per
suaded."
"How Did the Bible Come to Be" Is the
subject Dr. Briggs will discuss this even
ing at the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church. •
The quarterly communion service will
be held in California-street Methodist
Episcopal Church this morning. In the
evening the pastor will epeak on "Modern
Skeptics and Believers Compared." •
Rev. M. P. Smith. C. S. P., will preach
the third of his Lenten sermons at the
11 o'clock mass in St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church to-day. His subject will be "The
Historic Church."
Rev. Thomas O'Malley will preach on
"Cowardice" at the Lenten devotions of
the Calvarian Society in St. Mary's Ca
thedral this afternoon.
Rev. Father Hickey will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass in St. Ignatius' to-day.
Rev. Father Forhan will deliver a lecture
in the evening after vespers. The Gen
tlemen's Sodality will receive holy com
munion at the 7:30 o'clock mass this morn
ing.
Colonel Miles Retires
Prom General Dick
inson's Staff.
Ministers Are to Discuss
Many Subjects
To-Day.
PASTORS SELECT
TIMELY TOPICS
NEW ADJUTANT
IS APPOINTED
The Bull Run district is now being de
veloped by one company only, and there
Is only one company working in the White
Rock district. Willis says that there is
an abundance of cheap power on the
Snake River in Idaho not more than
sixty-five miles distant that can be util
ized. At Mardls the King Solomon Min
ing Company is erecting a twenty-stamp
mill to handle gold ores. A copper belt
is reported to extend from Lone Moun
tain to Bullion, a distance of about forty
miles. ¦ ¦ **
William Willis writes to the Elko, Nev.,
Free Press an account of mineral opera
tions hi Elko County. He says that Elko
County has produced more than 150,000,000
in gold, silver, copper and lead. Among
the old-time camps in the county, Tusca
rora heads tho list with a record of $20,
000,000 in gold and silver, all of which
came from a comparatively shallow level,
something like 600 feet There is no
smelter in the county and there is no cus
toms smelter In the State, and nearly all
the ores have to bear heavy railroad
charges besides sampling and smelting.
The tailing dump of the Metallic Gold Ex
tructlng Company ot Florence, Colo., contains
»i00,000 to SOU, 000 tons, which la now being
treated at tho rate of about 400 tons per day
with a considerable profit, estimated to result
in the aggregate to considerably over half a
million dollar*. The dump consists of tailings
from the Cripple Creek ores which were sup
posed to have been worked close.
Tho February dividends of six Korn
lllwr dintrlct oil companies amounted to
JSI'S.OUU. Tho amounts were an follows:
ltficd Crude *50,W0, Imperial $20,0t)0, Thirty
three $10,000, Chicago Crude $10,000, Sun
JiiikiuIi) S50U0, Four Oil VMW.
orchards havo been bonded for a dlstnnco
of six miloa below La Orange. Something
like &200.000 will bo expended In tho work
projected.
J. II. Olfford of Sonorn. hn« bonded from
C. Austin mining property -near Whltlock,
MaripoHn. County, for $33,000.
The following significant statement in
from the Mining and Scientific Press:
A gule of 1000 acres of land In the New
hall oil district 1m reported to have been
made, the price belnp about $50,000.
A town site is being laid out nt Car
renga, tho oil field in which the Western
Union Company wells have been put
down.
In Los Angeles Judge Trask has decided
a point that is of interest to oil compa-.
nies throughout all the fields. The case
of Spinks vs. Clark & Bryan was on trial.
Counsel wished to investigate certain
books to ascertain the real value of oil
ntocks over which there is a controversy.
Judge Trask decided that tho proper way
to prove stock values is by the market
price, unless it can be shown that the
buyer of the stock was influenced to buy
through misrepresentations of tho value
of the plant.
Value of Oil Stock.
The combine expects to start up drilling on
the San Joaquin and Kern properties at once.
Three rigs are being fitted up now and L. A.
Crandall, an experienced driller; has been ap
pointed superintendent of • the work. It is
thought that other operations will be begun
in the near future, as the Associated Company
is continually making new contracts for oil.
The management reports that the tendency of
prices is upward and confidently believe that
the rate will reach a most satisfactory, point
in the near future.
During the month; of February the new
dally production amounted to 10G0 barrels, a
decline from the previous month's record ot
350 barrels. In averaging the product of a
field, however, the true daily production is not
always indicated. ' When a well pours forth
a volume of oil amounting to between 1 KOOO
and 4000 barrels per day, as has the new well
brought in by the Central Oil Company in the
Whittier field — which is in any case a pro
ductive one— the probability is that the aver
age of the entire field will be increased. The
same applie3 to the Fullerton field, where the
Santa Fe and Brea Canyon companies have
brought in "spouters" that have not shown
any very decided decline in production since
settling down to regular work.
Diminishing the amount of oil offered
for sale naturally helps to make a better
price. Contracts are made at much
higher figures for the producers than
vould have been possible a few months
ago.
The JBakersfleld' Callfornian reports the
following from the field of the operations
of the Associated Oil Company:
The tendency in all of the large fields has
been to curtail active work pending an advance
in prices. This has been marked in the Kern
River field, where out of 88 wells drilling work
has been suspended on 68, leaving only 35
upon. which work is being prosecuted. In $he
McKittrick-Sunset field also the 15 rigs noted
a month ago continue the same, and of the
195 wells drilling 12S have suspended, leaving
(1.S upon which drilling is in progress. It is
but right to say, however, that in -the Mc-
Kittrick-Sunset field there, are a number of
wells that have been on the suspended list
so long as to warrant the belief that they have
virtually been abandoned, albeit denial is made
of this fact.
The outlook for the producers of petro
leum in California continues to grow
brighter. Prices that have taken an up
ward tendency show no inclination to re
cede. The Associated Oil Company is
proceeding calmly on its way, preparing
to drill where it may seem, advisable. The
Standard Oil Company is seemingly do
ing its best to hurry the construction of
the pipe line that will connect it with the
Kern River district, and- the sum of
$4,000,000, approximately, is involved in
the pipe line and the operations at Point
Richmond. So, while there is no haste
upon the part of the owners of small
properties outside of the combine to de
velop rapidly, the situation continues to
held its interest very well for &11 con
cerned. The returns . for the month of
February, as compiled by the statistician
of the Los Angeles Herald, show that th«
status of the industry has undergone lit
tle change during one month. The Her
ald says of the February operations in
Caliiornia fields:
Active Work Curtailed.
Decrease of Production Is a
Factor in Making Good
Prices Rise- While Well-
Owners Are Going
Slowiy.
FUTURE OF OIL
GROWS BRIGHTER
THE SAK FRANCISCO -GALL, SUNDAY, M^RCH 9, 1902,
34
AMX7SEBI23ITS.
Tft-WlftHT I ONLY 8 I
E^>-|13BOSb3 \ TIMES MORE. I
Season's Triumphant Success !
Augustus Thomas' Peerless Play,
Presented by La Shelle & Hamlln's Matchless
Company.
The San Francisco Critics Say :
"An unqualified succeaa."— Call.
"The play has creat merit."— Post.
"A moEt excellent company won the distinct
approval of a large and discriminating audi-
ence."— Bulletin.
"Remarkable for naturalneaa, clean and nr-
tutlo detail. Should do a big businesa." —
Chronicle. V*
•YNRBIy TO-NIGHT.
Last Time NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
NEXT ATTRACTION—
Week of MONDAY," March 17,
Engagement of America's
GUEAT EMOTIONAL ACTRESS,
First 0 Nights and Saturday Matinee,
Magnificent production of the Intense emo-
tional play by II. J. W. Dam,
"LA MADELEINE."
A Story of Modern Paris.
Sunday Night, Special Matinee Thursday,
/'JANICE MEREDITH."
SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY.
TO-NIGHT |~oneweek~only: — i
fry==: I Saturday Matinee. |
GRAND REVIVAL..^
THE WHITE
QT A\/I7 Bortley Campbell's
<JL~iJT\ V i— im Beautiful Play,
"SEE THE OLD SCENES ONCE MORE."
' A Series of Magnificent Stage Pictures.
FULL NEGRO CHORUS.
DISTINGUISHED CAST.
Next — Howard Kyle In "Nathan ' Hale," by
Clyde Fitch.
SEATS THURSDAY.
EliL"£' W ®/\T R K A. r
Belasco & Thall, Mgrs.
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— "AT THE WHITE HORSB
TAVERN." ,
TO-MORROW— MONDAY,
The Great New York Comedy Success,
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
By the Author of "An American CltUen."
NEW HCENETU'— HTUONO CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY & SUNDAY.
Beam on Salo six Days In Advance.
PRICES... 15o. 250. .SBo, POo, 7Bo
Next— "ON AND OFF."
Fischers Theatre [
O'Farrell, bet. Btookton and Powell.
I'honn Main 231;
MATIN HIS TO-DAY.
On aocount n( tho tremendous success of the
"FRENCH m AID,"
Till* rtallgltttul eiuueiiy will bo protentod for
ONIfl Mf)ttlO WKWK, oommttnclng wltli
MONDAY KVKNINO, Maroh to.
MAT1NKICH on HATUUDAY and SUNDAY.
Tim l»'Ht cnMt, tim most <ilMlinn«tply stnged,
Hi,, most beautifully >vnKtumml muMical pro-
duction In Hun Frnnolioo,
I'rlfi'n I lint I'li'iiK" tli» |)6oplff—ncnerved seatn.
Nl«lit, -i'"i mid 0i>«: Mntlnrp, to any part o(
tlii« tlmutrr, Silo! ("hlldrnn Mt nmtln»p, 10c,
.To roltow— "MTTMO CllltlHTUt'111311." An
rxcniclntlnKly funny burlesque, brim full ot
good tl>lntta. ¦ *^»
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA HITTERS, THB
Great Mexican Hemedy: slves health, and
til-distil to sexual organs. Depot, li-J Market,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PLAIN~^fATEMENT..
_^ • ' In September, 1896, I enlisted and was
*Ij5j22JjWj| was commander of the Olympla, the boat
MliYwfl tllat Admlral1 Dewey used later to bucIi
fig/ great advantage at Manila. I was In
\ffiS, j Japan from April until October, 1897, and
VffiLxj • . while there became ruptured, the reault
JKjw'>. °' a n accident, and was sent frora Yoko-
T*V hama to Maro Island and- discharged for
7WJp\y ""^Wv >s disability. In June, 1900, I received an
/©I » > ' Wn"^O^\ appointment as mall carrier, which pool-
JioVl\-TP' c 'XMmJfsr tlon I ¦till hold.
sV M\l isS-vtflrJK On account of my ruptur« I have been
C M/y precluded from again entering In tha
<HWw'MA\liW«T f navy, und elnco becoming attlfcted havo
J ri * wx^KvVw 1 vWUIKSNW sought eanu'Hily for a cure tlmt would
>^#K l^$^1* ¦WAvHaM^ relieve xno of HiIh pulnful lilmirnnoo. My
&^i^^^*».. *N^\lsSr^S>^ rfTorts worn nil In vain until about two
A>*(AS^8\\\\wWWAf||MX month!! ixko, wlun I placad rayeclf under
rl^W\f/« J/3 the care of Dr. Frank 11. Wray of 204
E!fS^»a> <u^lv/irWw Kearny Btreet, San FrunolBCo, who Is the
- JnviMit.H- of the "Fidelity Rupture Cure,"
2r*4«*^MaK^v' Vwk'JN which lm hiiN Introduced to tho M<ullcul
rT^^I^V^. wfjjt/ Prof««slon throughout tlio United Btat<w,
Kl ItW I N\ <"ra5k<*v/ * luX tytnu wl "'t- i iiitvn i)»«iii hIjIo io loar,n,
mHwW I ¦¦^iJ''***"' many thoueanda of people have been per-
innncntiy cured liy ltn meanfl. 1 found
|»M\WjfflJf'»y th« trefttmont without, jmijh, «nd followed
vli W*&if/f'/ lny »' (l «"'»«' iivocutlon. tlnllvurlMK mull Iti
Wffl WfW^il OftUlnnd ovtiry <lny, ntnl In ulx \v.'«Um'
I'mlh nffXE^y ' 1|U1 " Wltn ll1 ''" to rumove my lru»n, nnd nn
Wit BaSt/M a t 0 " 1 ' lifted two m«n, whouo combined
fKAlwW/ v-clKht wiiu 3H0 imundN, wlilioitt boln»f nbl.»
Y^'V^Q to eroduna mv llupturo, nnd I poMltlvcly
Wfii^K^rs' li'ih'Vti tlmt I nni ihiw ntroiiKor In that
wfttr Ws/' plico than ever before. /
Wsl m&frvj. K *'X° l^' B toatlmonlal out of pure RTtitN
Kw<iE*Wfi ' liHlp, honing that it may bo instrumental
WM In dlrfotlng others who aro similarly
rr» iWfM ¦' iilTllotcd to a. doctor who doo» exactly ail
V^AWSSe^ \ noneye**, and will not make, ii .chnriro
rSw wift&iJfc?!** '• llllt " ' U1 I'irfcMMB it euro that Is tiatlBfuc-
BftoOT® u "' y t0 tM0 Patient.
sliSfrr - , I will bo ploaeqd to meet any sufferer
nnnnvnirir ,.,„.„ ... who cawj to inquire about this treat-
rillSiiKHlciC W1LLE, \<). ment, or will answer lottertt of lnoulry on
Letter Carrlvr lu OaklnnO* f}\ the subject. KltKDlsntCK WILI^E,
. ' . «08 Jackson Street. Oakland.
AMTTSEMENTa \
© "Week Commencing 1 THIS AFTEV ©
Q NOON, March 9. \ A
1 EventfulTf
I Vaudevillliansi!
! GINQUEVALLI, 1
q The "World's Greatest Juggler. 5
fTroubadors |
3 Toulousians, 2
~ European Singing Quartet. ©
S3 Dancing Dawsons, 2
© Terpslchorean Specialties. ©
2 fhe^T^iackbirdsI I
9 Colored Entertainers. In Their Absurd- a
tg lty, "The Golf Links." q
2 The Auers, •
@ Ragpicking Picture Makers. 0
2 Eva Mudge, S
© The American Girl "Who Captivated ©
© London. ©
® "With a Budget of New Lanchs. •
© ; — — — — o
% The Biograph, 2
g Showing Prince Henry's Reception •
5 In New Tork, and Other Moving Pic- 5
• . tures. • 9
Q LAST "WEEK OF THE ©
| Ten Nelsons, §
SJ The Earth's Acrobatic Marvels. SJ
J? Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c. ®
™ Children, any part except reserved, 10c. ©
© A few front Orchestra rowa, reserved, ©
0 50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved, f}
® 25c. g
oooeooooooocwosooooo
UNION GOURSING PARK
JNO. GRACS, Judga; JA3. T. 6BACE, Slijjsr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - - March 0th
Great Match Race
BETWEEN
SISQUOC AND
SACRAMENTO BOY
ALSO
Poppy and Classified Stakes
136— NOMINATIONS— 13B
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leavea Third and Townaend iti., 10:15 a. m..
11 a. ro., 12 in. nnd 1 p. m.. Twenty-fifth anil
Valencia its. five minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after the luat course.. San
Mateo Electrto car* avery S mtnuteit.
ADMISSION, 23 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
THE GREAT GYGLE WHIRL!
AND A HOST OF VAUDEVILLE STARS.
Aquatic Sports on the Lake.
THURSDAY NIGHT-^--
—THE AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES 1 POTATO RACE.
Telephone tor Seats Fark 23.
WINTER CIRCUS !
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
—Valencia and Fourteenth Sts.—
Entire Change of Bill,
? MASTODONIC AGGREGATION O3 1
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
STARTLINO ARENA FEAT3.
GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OP TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMISSION 25 Cts. CHILDREN 10 CU. \
4Jg3r^ mmm ~'^^^^& vepy "' cclc Day "^
'"' Rain oi» Shln9.
NnW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUsi
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races «tart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
« Ferry-boat leavea 3aa Franclnco at 12 m. anil^
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. -:M and 3 p. m., cunnectlng
with train* •topping at tha entrance to th»
track. Laat two car* en train reserved ror
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Uuy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vu
Oakland mole connect wtth Han Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mola con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourtevncn
and Liroudway. Oakland. Theao alactrta cars
so direct to the track In fifteen mlnutca.
Returning — Trains, leave tho track at 4:1.1
and 4:43 p. m. and Immediately attar th« u.t
ract,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Prtsldont.
CHARLES F. PP.ICK. H»cy. and Mgr.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
. On ono tide of these maftiifleant
hotel* In tho wholesul* nn<l manu* »
facturera' itl.itrtct—on the oth«r ro>
tall more*, club*, railroad and
newapuper oftlceii, banka and thoa*
tern. 8tr«flt cam to ull parts of th«
city— depotH, fnrrles and parka—
I)UK* the rutriinc".
American and European plans.
weeeF call
16 Pages. 61 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
HEAR FERRIS HARTMAN SING THIS
VERSE IN THE HIT OF THE
BOSTONIANS
Now at the last prizefight, sir.
There was a pretty sight, air.
Tim Heearty said, "I'll put out
This local pugr without a doubt."
But "Britt" and "grit" rhyme well, sir.
And this la what befell, sir:
When round the eighth was not yet o'er
The Kangaroo upon the floor
Was dreaminsr, dreaming, etc.
Written by SMITH and IIERDEIIT.
PAUL. STEINDOUFF. Muilcftl Director.
FISRniS HARTMAN, Stage Director.
0 o
SPLENDID MUSIC.
BIDE-3PLITTINO COMEDY.
SPECIAL CAST.
PEKWECT PRODUCTION.
o . 0
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75c.
' Telephone Bush 0.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
A Contented Woman.
Beginning: Vo-MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN-
FAREWELL. WEEK OF
GEORGE OBER
In George H. Broadhurst's Latest Comedy
The Hojse That Jack Built.
One of the Funniest Plays Ever "Written
POPULAR' PRICES.... 10c. 15c. 23 C> iH* 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25e.
Coming— MELBOURNE McDOWELlT
BE]UigCOA>">TrtAlVS
u^™" 0KS9 CITY MAtX
MATINEE TO-DAT— 10d 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time— The Bl« Melodrama,
THE LAST STROKE.
PRICES— Evenings— 10c, 15c, 25c, 85c, 00c.
Matinees — 10c, 15c, 25c.
TO-MORROW EVENINO — A Great Revival of
Charles Dickens' Immortal Story,
OLIVER TWIST
A Tremendous Cast — A Blc Production.
KATHARINE FISK
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO,
FOUR SONcT^RECITALS
—AT
8HBRMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
NEXT TUESDAY an.1 FRIDAY NIO1ITH
March 11 and 14, and THURSDAY
end SATURDAY AFTEHNOONB,
Mnivii 13 nnd' 15, at :t p. m.
¦newrvtd ¦i*etn, TQo, 1 1 ami fl.no. At Rh«r<
mnn, CUy A Co.'i utor*. wher« complelt ' uro*
Krnmnu'H limy lm obtained,
eSSSffi^ "' at UnlUrUn
Comlnr^M ,j»njl o J«lU Hjlnr.rh in Btr « u .,.
ALHAMBRAJHEATRE.
Comic Opora "Cinderella,"
i In Two Acti.
AND VAUDBVILLK DY JUVRN1LH
rut'tUI Off I'ROF. WM. J. O-nnir^NM
DANCINO ftarOOL, BATUDAY. March 13
Matinee — Children 10 cents.
Evening— Adults 23c, reserved teats 23c ex-
tra* ,
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
Dry Goods v^l|§||i8 Company.
We have now completsd our choice importations for
spring and summer, representing the latest ideas of
European manufacturers, and showing thejlargest col-
lection of Black Fabrics ever shown on trie coast at
values that cannot be equaled.
Note These Quotations:
ETAMINE. MISTRAL. VOILE. SACKING and SHARK- _
SKIN, 4-4- inches wide. Each fabric is a distinct fea- *fcfl (JQ
ture and a sure favorite. Ayard 4JJUW
SILK and WOOL CREPE DE FRANCE, EOLIENNE, ALL-WOOL
BASKET CLOTH and SNAKESKIN. 4-4- inches wide-
AH new in style and finish*. In the latest mode. A /S
yard .pi.&wJ
PURE SILK STRIPED GRENADINES, 44 Inchas wide,
giving you ten styles to select from— the newest crea- SL j §0
tior.s— designed by past masters of the art Ayard »p*»»/V
HEMSTITCHED VEILING, SILK and WOOL DIRECTOIRE, SILK
and WOOL CREPE DE CHINE, and PLAIN LYONS SILK
GRENADINE, 1 1-3 yards wide- Accorded the highest
praise Ly competent judges as excelling all others in \l /Q
style, price and originality. A yard iJJ*»f O
ALL AT TEMPTINGLY LOW PRICES.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ccrner Geary and SfcocHon Streets, Union Square.
Mail and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^
I ;; EASTER MOVELIIES. j
I 'Tailored Garments. |
I WHOLESALE PRICES* j
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I
.•¦,:; - • , • ¦ ©
9 ©
© Always in the lead with tasteful and beautiful styles and &
I PRICES BELOW COMPETITION |
§ TASTEFUL PEDESTRIAN SUITS, in Shades of tan. Oxford, blue g
5f and brown, new Eton effects, with silk reveres and velvet collar; silk- •
a ¦ lined new flounce skirt, richly tailor Vtitched; full value $20.00. Our X
§ Price $15.00 g
§ Superior quality BLACK and NAVY CHEVIOT TAILOR SUITS, {
& reveres and cuffs handsomely satin and velvet " trimmed, new skirt 0
® with deep accordion flounce of fancy silk moreen; excellent value ©
© $27.50. Our Price '. ......^ $20.00 ©
@ NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, made of imported -material, taffeta silk ©
® lined throughout or silkHrop skirt, very elegant and exclusive styles, $
g at ¦......$25.00, $27.50, $30.00 and $35.00 g
5 ANTIQUE MOIRE LONG COATS, with large white satin reveres, •
a ' black velvet trimmed, stylish flounce cut; reasonable at $20.00. ' Our S
© Price $15.00 g
I Fine quality TAFFETA SILK LONG COATS, high-class tailoring: S
O originality and perfection; at $22.5O, $25.00 and $30.00 &
© ¦ ¦' ' ©
6 FINE BEAVER $4 COATS, exquisite tailoring, lined with rich peau de Q
© soie or silk taffeta, at $20.00, $22.50 and $25.. OO 9
© ©
© SILK SKIRTS in great variety; they are made on the latest style and ®
© hang gracefully, at from ....-.$7.50 to $40.00 ©
1 1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street. |
© ©
0$o®QQ6®®®oGG8©ooo©©ooQ&ooo&00O090eoo9oeee©e©
Guaranteed solid oak chair,
brace arm*, cane seat.
• Only 7J»<«.
Only 3 »old to each buyer.
You fchouM inspect our
Mock of furniture, carpcti and
\ <Jrnpcrie» and Ret our prices
| before buying.
! T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CD,,
338-343 roar srnctzr,
OjijKtit* l?nlon f-'ijum-n.New York Stock Market
Poultry and Game
LONDON. March 8.— Sliver, . 25d; French
rentes, lOlf 30c; cargoes on passage, firmer
tendency; cargoes No. 1 standard- California,
29s 4%d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s l%d; Eng
lish country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, March 8. — Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets,- weak; weather in - England,
OV COTTON— Uplands. 4 25-32d.
HOPS—^Pacific Coast, firm, £3 10s@£4 10s.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, March 8. — FLOUR — Receipts,
7800 barrels; exports, 0330 barrels. Market
firmly held, but quiet. Minnesota patents,
$3 80@4; Minnesota bakers', $2 95@3 30; win
ter patents, $3 85#4 25; winter straights, $3 70
@3 00; winter extras, $3@3 25; winter low
grades. $2 80@2 90.
WHEAT — Receipts, 29,450 bushels. Spot was
firm./ No. 2 red, 88%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red. '87%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
80%c f. io. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
89 %c f. o. b. afloat. At first a shade lower
by reason of profit-taking, wheat quickly re
covered its loss and advanced sharply on more
dry weather news from the Southwest, coupled
with higher French cables and active short de
mand. The close was firm at %c net advance.
March closed at 83 %c; May. 82 15-ie@8% 11-lUc,
closed 83%c: July, 83V4@S3%c. closed 83%c;
September, £2>,4@S2 15-10c, closed 82%c.
HOPS — Dull. State, common to choice, 1001
crop 14%01Sc; Pacific Coast, 1001 crop, 14Vj
018c.
— Steady.
WOOL — Firm. Domestic fleece. 20® 29c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady. Fair refining,
2 15-10c; centrifugal, U0 test, 3 7-10c. Molasses
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco'Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1100 Justice 10 2C0 Overman 0rt
40O Ophlr 1 05 1800 Union. Con... 27
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
COO Best & Belch. 23 500 Ophir 1 CO
200 Con C & Va..l 30 600 Ophir 1 02V,
3CO Hale & Norc. .30 XOO Overman .... 0*>
SCO Justice 07 700 Sierra Nev... l.'J
TOO Mexican SO 5CO Utah O«
200 Occidental ... 09 200 Yellow Jacket 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. March 8—12 ra
Alpha 0-y
Alta 04
Andes^*". O4
Belchfr ...... 04
Best & Belch. T.
Bullion 02
Caledonia .... 28
Challenge Con 17
Chollar 0i»
Confidence ... 57
Cen C'& Va..l 30 1
*""•". Imperial.
'Jon New York 01
Crown Point.. 0,'S
Eureka Con.. 18
Exchequer ... —
Gould & Curry 11
Hale & Norc. 2U
Julia —
3k. Bid. Ask.
0-", Justice 10 11
0t> Kentuck 01 03
05 Lady Wash... — O-fc
05 Mexican 30 31
2llOccidental ... Oti '10
03 Ophlr 1 00 1 05
29 Overman .... C« 07
10 Potosl ;... 10 V U
10! Savage 07 as
«0 Scorpion — -04
35 Seg Belcher. .. — «!
01 Sierra Nev... 13 l-l
021 Silver Hill... 55 :5rt
04 St Louis — 10
— Syndicate .... — IMS
02 Union Con.... 20 27
12 Utah Ott 07
81) Yellow Jacket 18 iT
Oil
MINING STOCKS
I PORTLAND, Or.. March 8.— Clearings, $308,
355; balances, $42,471.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 8. — Clearings,
$200,130; balances, $11,954. :. v
SEATTLE, Wash.-, . March 8. — Clearings,
$512,919; balances, $128,370.
TACOMA, . March 8. — Clearings, $184,241;
balances, $32,743. . .
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— To-day's Btate
rm-nt of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, show-*: Avnil
ab'»« cash balance, $179,272,377; gold, 892 -
770,386. ¦¦*.-.'.-
Condition of the Treasury.
Exports of gold for the week were $3,871,500,
of which $3,323,820 went to Havre; silver, $222,.
031, of which $199,265 went to London.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $12,517,510.
NEW YORK. March 8.— The Imports of spe
cie at this port this week were. $205,597 gold
and $19,3G6 silver. .
Exports and Imports.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 8.— Cotton, opened easy,
¦with prices 4@7 points lower and closed steady
5@0 points lower. '7,-\''v-
' The Oregon steamer arrived Friday with
5170 sks Potatoes and 304 sks Onions. The
Potato market was firmer and more active yes
terday and Oregon Burbanks were hlguer.
Strictly fancy stock would have sold above the
quoted prices had . they been obtainable, and
what little fine stock came to hand by the
steamer sold at $1 8of 1 85 per ctl. Owing to
the rain seed Potatoes are quiet, but all kinds
are firmly held. 1. Early Rose are very scarce,
but fresh supplies are due from Vancouver at
any time. The market was bare of Sweet Po
tatoes, but three cars are expected for to
morrow's market. ¦ .
Fancy Onions were a little hisrher on the
Oregon dock, but the general feeling Is weak.
Asparagus continued to bring high. prices al
though receipts were larger than on the pre
vious day. Sixty-two boxes came in. Re
ceipts of Rhubarb were 72 boxes and prices
showed little change. There were no vegetables
received from Los Angeles and carried-over
stock 60ld at unchanged prices. Ten sacks of
Peas were received from Alameda County and
owing to the scarcity of Los Angeles stock
higher prices were easily obtained. Mush
rooms were in moderate receipt and sold well
at steady prices.
POTATOES— $1 10@l SO for Burbanks from
the river; Oregon Burbanks. $1 35® 1 70; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles, $1 35@1 50; River Reds.
$15013160: Early Rose. for seed.. $1 75@2;
small Burbanks, for seed, $1 35@1 50; Sweets,
for Merced.
ONIONS— Oregons, $1 75@2 15, first hands-
Australian, $3(33 23; Green Onions, ' 50@(J5c
per. box. •"• -• -" /
• VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, 30c
per Ib; 20<@25c for No. 1" and 15@17%c for
No. 2; Rhubarb.' 7© 10c; Green Peas, from Los
Angeles, C@7c; Bay Peas, 8@10c; String
Beans, . from Los Angeles, 12%@l5c, In
cluding Wax; Cabbage, 40c -per ctl; Los
Angeles Tomatoes, 75@$1 23 per box and $1@
1 50 per -crate; Mexican Tomatoes, Slifft SO
per box for repacked: Dried Peppers, 12 ; %@15c
per Ib: Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried Okra,
12-,4®20ct..per Ib; Carrots. 35@50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. ?l(ff 1 50 per dozen; Gar
lic. lV><32%c: , Los Anseles Green Peppers, 13
©20c: Mexican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant from
Los .Angeles. 25c; Summer Squash from Los
Angeles, $1(S$1 t>0; Marrowfat Squash. $10 per
ton: Hubbard Squash, $10; Mushrooms, 50c@
»1 50 per box. ¦¦"..'.- - v -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Tin Is firmly held
as a result of a temporary scarcity and spot
Is still quoted by the Metal Exchange at
$23 07%<&;24. Manufacturers are said to have
very light stocks on hand in some cases. Cop
per Is steady with prices unchanged. Lake is
quoted at $12 25@12 50, electrolytic at $12 12%'
©12 37%, and casting at $12@12 37%.
Lead ruled steady and unchanged at $4 12%.
Spelter shows steadiness at $1 22%@4 27%.
The Iron markets maintained their firm fea
tures. Pigiron warrants nominal at $11 50®
12 75; No. 1 foundry. Northern, $18 50@10 50;
No 2 foundry. Northern. $18019; No. 1 foun
dry Southern, $17 50@18; No. 1 foundry,
Southern, soft, $17 50@18. •.,.-:.
New York Metal Market.
General Merchandise.
ST. JOSEPH Mo., March 8— CATTLE— Ro
ceipts, 300. Steady. Natives, $4 7.V,<,r> 85
cowm and- heifers, f2@5 00; veals, $J©5 60
a took or h and feeders, $2 60QS 13.
HOGS— Receipts, 6300. Five to 10 cent
lower; light and light mixed, $5 B0©fl 25; me
dium and heavy $0 10&ii 60; pigs, $3 50(Q5.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Steady.
HOGS— Receipts, 22,000; Monday, 40,000; left '
over, 5000. Good, Be lower; mixed, 6@10c
lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 i)5ft0 45; goo.l
to choice heavy, $0 UMW 50; rough heavy,
$0 10I&0 25; light. $5 b&'tfU 10; bulk of sales,
$0<a« 30.
HHEEP— Receipts, 600. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 05fjsr> 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 75fj4 60: Western
sheep, $4 COftti; native lambs, . $3 75&0 45;
.Western lambs, $5 25®<i 40.
and until the new conditions caused by the
high water are definitely fixed the market will
be mora or less at sea. Prices remain as
be B°EANS— Eayos, $2 S5@2 60; Small White,
$2 i«%3 15; Largo White, 82 C5®2 75; Pea,
Iti 50«4; Pink, $1 00«2 20; Red, $2 75a>J;
Blackcye, $3 7504; ljmas. $4 40®4 00;- ited
Kidneys $JJ 85@4 per ctl,
fcHCEDB— Trieste Mustard, $2 05(32 75; Yellow
Mustard, 53 25^3 60; Flax, $2 25©2 50; Canary,
JiAc for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%iailc;
California, 10@10%c; Rape, l%(&2tfc; Hemp,
a DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Bean dealers contlnuo to watch the river,
HAY— Wheat, $10012 50; Wheat and Oat,
$!)«12; Oat, $8011 r Alfalfa, $Sig!ll; Clover.
$7^0; Volunteer. *0 Sofc'j; Stock $OSS 50 ptr
°bTRAW— • 40@C5c per bal«, .
Laet This Laet
Station! — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
KureUs. 1.9« 29.73 3S.09
U^d Bluff «•« 27.2S 22.03
hacramento «.44 10.05 10.70
Fan Fnincl»co 0.49 16.38 IS. 04
Fr<tno 0.00 5.4» O.tti
Independence «.00 3.UJJ B-««
Han Lulu Obispo.... O.07 W.OJ 27.0i
Los Angeles O.04 8.77 13. «0
Kan Difcgo Trace 4.07 ».b3
Ran Francteco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum. 40; mean. 4fl.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from 12a«tern station* :
nrxcton ri0-.V.!Kan»a« City 4S-.14
Cincinnati SO- 4 4 Omaha 54-80
Philadelphia 4S-3« Chicago 40-31
Washington ~ &0-.>s Duluth iO-'2S
Jacksonville C4-r,4JPt Louis 40-:>4
Nrw York 44-Shifialt Lake City.. ..52-40
THE COAST RECORD.
g K K 2 j? 3
-™ 1 !HI n b I
[ I 1 1* ' F
A«torla 2».R4 SO 42 SW Cloudy .44
Baker 29.72 4S 38 SW Rain T.
Carson 29.82 44 3G 6W Cloudy .10
Kureka 29.88 54 48 SE Cloudy 1.96
Fresno 23.80 M 48 S Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 3Q.00 48 24 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida. 28.82 GO 38 W Rain T.
Independence. .23.78 M 42 8 Cloudy .00
Los An«eIe«....'X).I2 «2 44 E Rain .04
Phoenix 30.02 72 44 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29. M. 52 42 SE Cloudy .54
Red Bluff 2» SO 50 40 SE Cloudy .02
P-oseburg 29.S4 48 40 W Rain .16
Eacramento...29.92 58 48 S Cloudy .44
Salt Lake 23.90 68 40 S Clear .00
Fan Franci»co.29.98 G8 50 SW Rain .19
S. L. Oblepo... 30.O0 CO 48 37
San Diego 80. JO 54 48 SW Clear T.
Seattle 29.70 58 42 SW Cloudy .72
Spokane 29.70 52 44 S Cloudy .10
Neah Bay 29.70 48 40 SW Clear .52
Walla Walia. .20.74 60 52 8 Pt Cldy .28
Wlnnemucca. .29.82 46 32 NE Snow .12
Tuma SO. 00 t72 48 W Clear .00
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last »eaeon, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
8AN FRANCISCO, March 6 — 5 p. m
Weather Report.
Mr.II advices from New York say: "While
quiet to-day on tno?t descriptions in the list,
there is noted a continued strength and up
ward movement in values on the principal ar
ticles. A Ftronser tone is noticeable in spot
apricots, with a good active demand for both
choice and fancy grades. Some holders have
advanced fully lie in thefr views on choice and
lancy Royals. Holders quote according to
offering lOfi-c to lie for choice in 25-lb boxee
nnd ¦_!¦ to 14c on fancy. Choice grades in dark
fruit offer at from S*c to 10c, according to qual
ity and holder. Peaches are in good request
and ehow a considerably firmer tone, with a
little advance rejiorled in tome quarters. Ou
Loth B;,rijot and peaches coast advices report
an ac:!ve market, with stocks more firmly
held. br>ot prunes show a good interest on
;..ia- fruit, 4O-5Os being somewhat closely
cleaned uo in some quarters and Crmer for
new Santa Claras. The most general quotation
is from t>%c to 0%c for fruit in 25-lb boxes.
Sir.c* 50-GOs are In larger supply, but on
fctrictly fancy new Santa Clara* the market is
held on the quoted basis. It is stated that an
offering of old prunes held htre by a coast in
terett end offered on a low )>a*is has been sold
uutriKht to Chicaco. CoaM advices note a
steady situation, with some business for export
account. In raisins rpot seeded is steady and
some movement is noted on the higher basis
reported yesterday. Loose are stroneiy held
at 7c for 3-crown erade. In Valencia layers
we note a good business and firmness at 7&c.
Stocks are reported somewhat reduced. Iti
currants the market is quiet and practically
¦without chanse to note at the moment. A
lair jobbing trade is noted for uncleaned in
small lot*. Dates are showing firmness and a
further advance in prices is not imr^bable.
Figs are in fair request. In nut« a good in
terett is noted in Brazils at 9c Filberts show
no chance. Naples walnuts continue strong
at ll'^c. Tarragona almonds are unchanged.
In shelled nuts there is noted a continued
firmnew In both Jordan and Valencia almonds.
Walnuts ore unchanged and in moderate Job
bins demand."
CHICAGO, March 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200; steady. Good to prime steers, nominal,
$<J 5007; poor to medium, $4S« 30; otockera
and teeders, $2 25ft5 25; cows, $1 25ff5 30;
heifers. $2 5005 50; canners, $1 25Q2 25; bullH.
$2 50®4 75; calve*. $2 5000 75; Texas fed
steers, $4 50©5 80.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March May. July.
Opening (J 1% 0 1% 0%
Closing <> 1-i 6 1% 0 %
PARIS.
Wheat — March. May-Aug.
Opening 21 30 22 35
Closing 21 45 22 30
Flour —
Opening 26 15 27 35
Closing 20 35 27 40
Rolled Barley is firm. In sympathy with the
raw grain. Besides, there Is some export de
mand for Mexico and the Southwest. Bran
and Middlings continue very weak, but prices
show no further change. Hay rules steady,
with a good demand for local uee, the interior
towns and Honolulu.
BR\N— $1« 60^17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $10{i20 per ton.
FEKDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley, $20021 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S; jobbing.
S2S60O29S Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Corn Meal,
Ll(^32; Crackei Corn. $31 5o©32 50; Mixed
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, .usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 IDs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$1@4 23; Buckwheat Flour, $1@4 25; Cracked
Wheat ?3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $«S3@8 35;
in sacks, $0 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
teas $5; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms ; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50 :
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and $3
@3 50 for ' Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3@
3 50.
Flour and Millstuffs.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was steady. Creameries, 18j?25c. Dai
ries, 18@23. Cheese. I steady, 10%@12i4c.
Eggs, weak; fresh, 14{j)15c.
General apathy characterizes the market.
Quotations remain unchanged. The Chicagc
letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. says: "Thf
market is quiet and a shade higher. Receipt?
of hogs. 47.0C0, against 42,000 last year, and
this continues to be the bearish feature of tli«
situation, coupled with a poor cash demand.
Trade has been so large expecting a decrease
movement 'of hogs, which does not com*, thai
holcJecs nre losing confidence."
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per Ib fo;
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@lGc; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef. $0 50@l(
per barrel;, extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family,
$11 50iQ12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 50<§23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib fci
compound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, H%.r
3-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, O^gc; three
half-barrels, »»%c; one tierce, ,9%c; two tlercea,
"j«,;; five tierces, 0%c per Ib.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The market remains as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy saltcO
Steers, lie; medium, 0%c; light. 8%c; Con
Hides, l)c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
ti%c; Salted Ktp, 9c; Salted Veal. Uc; baiieu
Calf, loc: Dry Hides, 10c; Culls, 14c; Dr>
Kip 14615c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culla ana Brandj,
15c; Sheepsklna. shearlings. l.Vy:;i>c each; »hon
Wool, 30@00c each; medium. 0Cig;75c; ionj
Wool, fc0c4»*l 10 each: Horse Hideit, *ult, $2 ,i
@3 for large and $2 25<&2 50 for medium. $1 75<i
a for small and 30c for Colts;; Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large, $1 20®l 00 for medium, fi^l 2;
for small and 50c for ColU. Dee risk ins—sum
mer or red Jkln*, 35c; fall or medium kktns,
UOc; winter or thin akins, 20c. Ooaukina-
Prlme Ansoras, 75c; large and amooth, SUc
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Cc per Ib; No. 2
4%W5c: grease, 3@3%c.
WOOL— Kail, Han Jouquln, Ofipgc: San Jon
ouin Lambs', 7%'<fS%c; Middle County, S'a>lo<
per Ib; Valley Oregon, spring. 10^15%c; tli
fall, 14®15c per Ib.
HOPS— ll©12c for fair and 12%014c per II
for good to choice. Local dealers u.uote lo\
17 %c lor shipment.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : 25,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 51 000 300,000
Ccrn, bushels 00,000 E4.000
Oats, bushels 181,000 91.G00
Rye. bushels 3,000
Parley, bushels 30,000 20,000
Provisions.
NEW TORK/ March 8.— The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day shows: Loan*,' $033,102,100; decrease,
?3.0R!),100. Deposits. #1,OO.\CIK5,7OO; decrease,
$11,821,000. Circulation, $31,330,000; Increase,
$127,000. Legal tenders. $70,8i5,»iO0; decrease,
Sl.ircs.noo. Specie, 1 184, 521). 500; decrease,
$7,004,200. Reserves, $225,«75.100; decrease,
$8,072,900. ReKerve required, $201,410,075; de
crease, $2,030,400. Surplus, $3,038,425; decrease,
$8,017,500.
The Financier says: The statement of the
New York Associated Banks this week' shown
a loss of $8,072,1)00 cash, of which $7,904,000
was specie and $1.0C$,000 legal tenders. The
loss of cash, as estimated from the traceable
movements of money during the week, was
$3,839,000. This, however, did not Include the
average of the loss resulting from the ship
ments of gold to Europe, February 27, nor the
average of one-sixth of the amount shipped on
Saturday last. Thene averages together amount
ed to $2,100,000. The entire amount exported on
Thursday of this week seems to have been in
cluded in the offlclal statement. Adding to the
estimated loss of $3,830,000, as above, the
$2,100,000 averages of the shipments on Feb
ruary 28, and on March 8, would make $5,039,
900. The difference between this sum and the
loss of cash officially reported in the state
ment, or $3,03(1,000, is probably due to an un
recorded movement of money out of the Institu
tions either to near by or to distant points.
The loans of the banks show a decrease of
83,089,100. This Is the first time since January
11 that a decrease has been recorded in this Item
The deposits were reduced $11,821,000, which
amount is only $240,400 less than the aggregate
of the loss of loans and of cash; hence the re
turn harmonizes. The striking feature of the
statement was the loss In surplus reserve. This
was reduced by $6,017,500 to $3,058,425, or
$0,758,830 below the surplus at the correspond
ing period a year ago. It Is noteworthy that
the above is the lowest amount of surplus re
corded since October 20, 1000, when it was
$2,947,700; and also that on March 17 of that
year the reserve was $2,686,425. The net loss
of specie by eight of the Wall-street banks was
$6,100,000. The most important changes In
loans were shown by five of the larger banks
which lost $5,200,000 net. ,
Associated Banks' Statement.
SATURDAY. March 8—12 m
UNITED STATKS BOND9
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..H2Vi — Is qr c fnew)139>-41.'5i)%
4s qr reg lllVilll % Js qr coup. . . — 109&
MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Ala A W Co. 70%103 Oc SS Co 5s — 102
Bay CPC 5s.l0fi% — OmBus C 6a. 131
Cal-st 5s ...11«% — Pac G Im 4s. $).">',i
C Costa 5s.. — 111 Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed L&P «s. — — Pk&O R fis.117 120
Fer&C H C3.116 — Pwl-st R 63.117 —
Geary-st 5s. — — Pac EGR 5s. 05 100
H C&S 5%s. — — S F &SJV5s.l23%12»
Do 5s — 100'/i Siera Cal 6s.lu5%110
L Anff R 5s. 121 — S P of A 6s
'jALCo 63. — — (1000) 112%
Do gtd Ka. — — (1010) 114 114 }»
Do gtd 5s. 104% — S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s.lO2 101 (1000)Sr A. — 110'i
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.110 110-i
Mkt-st C fts.l2B — (l»o«) 112%112%
Do lem 5s. 11!)% — (1912) 121 122'i
N R of C Cs.111% — EP of Cal 1st
Df> 5s 123 — ; c entd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C 5s.loS%108%! Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R 5s. 112% — ,?PBr Cal t; 3 .i: > ,8%140'.i
Oak Gas Cs.. 115 — 1 3 V* Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Trn fis.122 — I Do 43 102%
Do 1st c5s.lll% — ! Do4s 3d m. — —
Oak W G 5s. — 103i,i ptkn Gas Bs.101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76 77 Port Costa.. «3% fifl
Marln Co... 57 — Spring Val.. 91% 91%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Pent L & P.' 2 5 Pac Ltpht... 43 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3V. Sac E C.&HC 23 ::t
Mutual — 4HSFBftE., 43% 44
O O L & II.. 5.-.% — S F O L Co. 5i,i —
Pac O Imp. 37 — Istktn G & E 8 *— Y
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.237 27.*. /
Anclc-Cal .. «S% — L P ft A...1CT 170
California ..422 — M-r Ks H!.|i. im, -
Cal Safe Dp.ll7%llH 8 V Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS HANKS.
German ...1073 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humbnldt... — — Security 8av.."5C."5 ::."O
Mutual Sav.. 7rt 82% Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U..515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..171 — Mark?t 00Vi —
Geary — 60 Presidio .... — —
•;• / powder.
Clant 70 80 Vlgorlt — ' ' 4 ;
SUGAR.
Hana 3 ::% Kilauea J) —
Hawaiian ... 37% 40 Makaweli ... 25 Vi 2i>
Honokaa .... 12 l.'S Onomea 24 2.1
Hutchlnson . 1.1% 14 Paauhait .... 12 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.lfi-T 16-1 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 07^ 93 Fac C Borx.lC5 —
Cal Wine As. 99% — Par Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S Co 35% 37
Morning Session
Board —
5 California Fruit Canners 97 CO
55 Cal Wine Association 100 0O
ISO Konokaa Company 12 0t>
10 Makaweli 2a 00
20 Market Street Railway 80 r,0
20 S F Gas and Electric Co, s 00.. 4.1 50
85 Spring Valley Water 91 50
$2000 S P of Arizona. (1900) 113 Ot>
$T.OOO S P of Arizona (1010) Ill 0O
S1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 123 25
Etreet—
10 Contra Costa Water 70 00
$10.m>0 S F & S J V bonds 123 75
$10,0©O S P Cal 1st co.13 5a (stamped);lll 50
Sll.COO Bay Counties Power Co 5s 100 73
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business on the Bond Exchange was mod
prate, as usual on Saturday, and prices showed
little change. The oil stocks were also dull.
The Wellington Oil Comnany has levied an
assessment of lc, delinquent April 10.
The Giant Powder and California Wine As
sociation dividends will be paid on Monday.
The Californla-»treet Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 50 cents per share on the
12th.
Sales on. the Oil Exchange last week were
29,007 shares, valued at $13,730. the leading
sales beinji as follows: Home. 1100; Independ
ence, 4500; Petroleum C»nter. 7000; Reed. SCOO;
West Lake, 1000: Occidental. 2000: Lion, 1000;
Sterling. 1100; Monarch. 4100; Monte Cristo.
1200.
STOCK MARKET.
Dried Fruit in New York.
U S ref 2s res: ...109 L & N iinif 4s. ;. 102
U S ref 2s coup.. 100% Mexican Cen 4s.. 82%
U S 3s reg 10'JVi Do 1st lne 33
U S 3 S coup 100% Minn & St L. 4s. 103%
U S new 4s reg.l.'lUVi M K & T 4s'. 100
U S new 4» coup,13'J% Do 2ds 83
U S old 4s reg 111% N Y Central lsts.108%
U S old 4s coup. 112% Do gen 3%s...lO8
U S ."s reg 100% N J Cen gen 5s... 137%
U S 5s coup 100% Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 104% Do 3s 74%
Do adjst 4s ... 04 Norf & W con 4s.lO3%
Bait & Ohio 4s ..104% Reading gen 4s... imU
Do 3%s »U% St L & I M en 5s.ll8
Do conv 4s ...100% St L & S F 4s... •US%
Canada South 2ds.lO8 St L S W lsts... 99%
Central of Ga 5s.llO% Do 2ds 79%
Do 1st inc .... 78% San A & A P 4s.. 01%
Ches &, Ohio 4%s.lO7% Southern Pac 4s. 05
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84V t Southern Ry 5s.. 121%
C B & Q new 4a.. 05% Texas & Pac lsts.120%
C M & St P gn 4s.H4'/i Tol St L & W 4s. 85
C & N W con 78.138% Union Pacinc 4s. 105%
C R I & P 4s 111% Do conv 4s 106V4
C C C&St L gn 4s.lOt Wabash lsts ....118%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 87% .Do 2ds Ill
Colo & South 4s.. 04% Do deb B 74
Denver & R G 4s. 103 West Shore 4s... 113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 00 W & L Erie 4s. 01%
Do gen 4s 87% Wincon Cen 4s... 8!);^
Ft W & D C lsts.113% Con Tob 4s ti5%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 30 Little Chief .... 11
Alice 45 Ontario..., 7 75
Breece DO Ophlr 05
Brunswick Con.. (HI Phoenix 00
Comstock Tun .. 05% Potosl .OS
Con Cal & Va.l :i0 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada .. 10
Horn Silver ...1 40 Small Hopes .... 40
Iron Silver .... 72 Standard 3 33
Leadville Con ..05 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse Com.. 01
Call loans 3%@4 Mirhns—
Time loans ...4 @4% Adventure 22%
Bonds — Allouez ... ..... 4^
Atchison 4s ....102 Amalgamated .... 64 v&
Mexican Cen 4a.. SI Baltic 48%
Railroads — Blngham 24%
Atchison 75 Cal & Hecla 610
Do pfd 86% Centennial! 2C
Boston & Maine.. 103 {Copper Range ... 72
Boston Elevated..lt)5% Dominion Coal ..102
N Y N H & H..215 .Franklin 14
Fitchburg pfd ..147 Isle Royale 20%
Union Pacinc ... 09% Mohawk 30%
Mexican Central . 2SV4 Old Dominion ... 22
Miscellaneous — Oseeola 72
American Sugar .124% Parrot 31%
Do pfd 117 Qulncy 135
Amer Tel & Tel. 101% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Dom Iron & Steel. 40% Tamarack 210
General Electric. .200% Trimountain 105
Maes Electric ... .10 14 Trinity 10
Do pfd 0<:% United States ... 18%
N E Gas & Coke. S Utah 23%
United Fruit .... 02% Victoria 5%
U S Steel 42% Wlnor.a 1%
Do pfd 01% Wolverine 55
Total sales 100,500 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
Pt L & San Fran.. 1.300 Cl% Cl C0%
Bt L & S F 1st pfd .... 83%
St L. & s F ad pfd 300 72% 72 Ji 72 Vt
St L Southwestern 24%
St L Southwest pfd 56V4
|=t Paul a,500 1C4V4 1C3% 163%
St Paul pfd .; .... 190%
Southern Pacific... 2,800 «4% U4',4 64%
Southern Railway. 000 32% 32% 32%
Bputhern Ry pfd.. 800 i). r »% l»5% 05V»
Texas & Pacinc... 200 3!»% 30 30%
Tol St L & West.. 3,500 22% 22 22 &
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.000 41 40»i 40%
Union Pacinc 2,7()O »u% »i)% 0U ; /j
Union Pacirtc pfd. 200 87 80% 87
}}. ttbash . 400 24% 2J% 23%
WabQHh pfd 1,100 42% 42% 42%
Wheeling & L E.. 400 10% 10% 10%
W & L E 2.1 pfd ..'. 31
\\lscon8ln Central. 100 20% 20% 20Ti
WIs Central pfd.. 100 42% -J2% 42
Kxprtfrs Comiibnles —
Adams ,...,,,.., .... .... 200
American „,, ,, ,, ,,,, 2.'I2
United mates 11U
Wells Furgo , ,,,, ivii
Ml^ot'llaneov.H—
Anmltfiii «'(i|i|i.-r 12,000 (!!»% fiR% 60%
Am <-'ar it FJry... a.ioo ai% M 31%
Am fur & ]•' iit.i.. 100 Mt)% m>Vu H'.f,V
Am I.iiih.-.-,i O||,,., l no y.'i.i 'i'iW .Vi\*
Am i.tiid-.-.i on pfd 40ii r.iii 03% f-'-'-j
Am Lfii'iiiniiiivit,.., i.iiiio :i2% \vi\\ \\'i'%
Am Loi'inii.iiv jifii. ,,,,, ,,,. . ... it- '/i
Am Hmelt & Jt-r,. ]0U W\i 4"!i Mi
An. Huh It ,K : It pt.l im
Aim.. hi. lu Mm Uo. tux) ;im i i ;i2»,i ."i-'i
llruoklyn It Tran,. 1,(mh' (14 (i <I4 «.'Hi
''..In t't'it .* Iran,, ti.UMi n.'.f,; ti2 n.tti,
<'.,|.f=nll.l,il.-,l 'Imp,, S.iiihi XZl% SUO% SS<*%
'""lit T'-lit-iTn pfd,, .,,., .,../ . ... 117%
<ionpral Kltotrio... 1U0 2»!»^ 2lH>^ 2I»§
• iltc-rpn Huirnr, tr 43U
ilocklitK Cml aoO 17tt YlVt MM
hit' I IIHt til IMprr,.. ,,, .... 80
Intiitil I'Miii'i- pfd.. •••• ?"
Illti'lllllllll I'oWl'l-, .,,, .... ft'l
Laeledo Obm 1*0
Nittlonat MlP-ult... 100 47% 47% ¦l""a
National l*n\ ,. M'U
National Halt 100 2!) 2.'l 2,'t
North Amprlcan... l,7fw» l"J H4 J|5
l'acino Coast 700 70% 74 74
Pacinc Mull 4,fi00 4H% 47% 48}.t
1'BopIe's Oaa ...... 400 1W% 1W% W>%
i-i.pk.mi Ht«?ei Car.. atto 4o 4o ao«i
l'l-psred 8teel G pfd 100 83% 83% ».'l%
1'ullman Pul Car 215
Republic 8tecl 8.<IOO 17% 17% 17%
Republic Bteel pfd. 2.C00 72% 72 MJS
Hugar 4,1100 127% 120% 12(J%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3,000 00% CD <!»',£
Union' liar & P Co 13 %
Union I5&P Co pfd «&
i; « Leather ' I10O 11% 11% 11%
U B Leather pfd... 200 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber l B }i
U S Rubber pfd... 300 CO 56 65 Jj
U S Steel 1.400 42% 42% 42%
U R Steel pfd 3,400 04% 04% »4%
AVcatern Union 00%
Ths ©range market |g firm under a strentt
lemand and light reeelptfi. The demand U
¦Ill-it/ fer standard and ehales grades of
Vavela and the?@ kinds ara hlshir. riepdiir-K*
n'n aim m'.ui.i mi. I higher, l-'um-v Ntiv.-u m..
iiiiit<iii firm, but prices are unchanged. Lettioiitf
ui'i Llmea are moving well at un@hango4
priesti
lt!i>o Dnnanan from New Orleana are higher,
is there are few Honolulu Danamui rips enough
,o b\&ce on the market, .-—.
ApbldH are Kellln^ well at eueUlne'1 t-rl-p-r
rtin built of the biterlnga mo drawn from cold
' "Al'FLEf^fa&a 23 p«r bex for fXtta. «l 25-9
t 70 fur good to cholcs and liiii/ujl for crdi
iary.
CtTltUS rntrita— Nitvel Orangrs. |1 COiil
i 00 fnr Ptiindanls, 5»''i/2 2ft for chotcn and
n lI.Tiia -.I for fancy; Heedlln«n, 91 a.v.f 1 Ct);
rnMRi-i-liii'B, In quarter boxen, 7.'n"ii$l and $1 «>')
W2 in li.ilf boxes; Lcmunn, 70c^$t for common
ind $1 i.'."K/l CO for good to choice and *t 75
B2 00 for fancy: Orape Fruit, WW-1 f»0; Mexl«
•tin Limes, $<!'k7; Dananan. WQ'A 75 per bunch
for New Orleans and $2ft2 M for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $'Mi I per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Eastern advices continue to report a grow
ing demand for fruits, with Apricots leading,
ind a general upward tendency In prices. This
market continues very firm.
FRUITS — Apricots, 8&@10%e for Royals and
S%@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Applea, 7%®8%c; sundried, 5c;
Peaches. 0}i@SVic; Pears, 0®0c; Plums, pitted,
5®5%c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%®lio
for red and 5%@0o for wblte; Figs, 3o tor
black and 5@5V4c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows.
30-40's. 0©fi%c; 40-50's. 4%®5>/4c; 50-GO's. 4>4
tfM%c; 60-70's, 3%@4Hc; 70-80's, 3%<i?3%c; hO
aO's, 2%@3%c;«0O-100'a, 2V4@2%c per Ib.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, CVi
©7%c; Loose Muscatels, Q%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, Cc; 2-crown, 5'Jic:
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7'<|)
8%3 for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa. $2 SO; Fancy. $1 75; } London Layerb,
51 25<g)l 35.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; "Walnuts. No. 1
Boftshell. 9%c; No. 2, 8®8%c; No. 1 hardshell,
0c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
fhell; 0@10c for softahell and «@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50<&5.-
HONEY — Comb, ll%@13c for bright and 10©
12c for light amber; water white extracted, o'si
tic- light' amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per Ib.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 S0@4;
FtralEhts, $3 20@3 70; clears, $3(iJ3 40; spring
specials. $4; patents, $3 20©3 70; straights,
$2 bO@3 10; No. 3 spring wheat, 72ffi70%c: No.
•J. red, S2 1 ;{.®84c; No. 2 oats. -44%c; No. 2
white. 40(&47c; No. 3 white, 44%<g4C; No. 2
rye, 58Vic; fair to choice malting 01®
(•3c: No. X flaxseed, $1 C8; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 71; prime timothy seed, $6 40; mess pork,
per barrel, $15 10Q.15 15; lard, 100 pounds,
SO 27%®9 30: short ribs sides (loose), $8 20®
8 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%«?>7J4c;
bbort clear sides (boxed), $8 60@8 70; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30. v
Cash quotations were as follows
CHICAGO, ; March 8. — Nearly everything
favored an Improvement in wheat. Liverpool
cable* were not as firm as woro ¦ expected, but
I'urle had gained !l% since Monday, and this
In connection with the Improved situation In
all the foreign markets was bullish tn effect,
For a time at the opening there wan some
little nelllng on the Kimliah situation, but in a
ehort time a eteady advance began on the
weather reports and the market ruled strong
the rest of the day, There wag no new* of
molHture In the flouthwuntern wheat fields <*n4
crop dainflKe reiiorts came In constantly. Tha
Hour pituation in the Northwest wan paid to
1^ Irmirnvlna nmi with It the ou>h wheat buRl
new*. Hhfirtu were restive, and In view of the
fortnroinlMH Uovernment report Monday, whl«h
in ¦'*!" "¦(!•'( to I"* ItulllPh, and of the ukuhI
Hniuniuy evenlng'Uii argument. enverliiK was
In order. The prominent lnunl mtlli alNu eame
Into th" mnrlttit ami emnmlnglon houspa t>lnriu|
iiiiim'I'iiiim nfiiiTH mi the buying tide. Trade
wan better than tor some time, The heretofoio
B"ii"inl tendency ta.nell wan notably absent.
JMi.y started (it) lower to unchanged el 7744
77 We, was bulled to 7«e, eased oh liquidation
to 77%o nnd eloeeil firm Ho up at 77%c.
Corn wmh iirm mid ruled with n. good tons
throughout the day, May closed in in, %ii»!, t ti
up, at iii:V,i'.
OntM ruled firm and higher, with the other
grains, but business was restricted to scalp
ing. May cloned linn %<•¦ higher at 4 l%c.
Provisions opened lower on lower hog prices.
Fair purchnnes brought a reaction, but Inter
Belling of lord and ribs cased the market. May
pork closed 10c lower, lard a shade lower and
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follow^:
Articles— Open , High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 77U 78 77 77%
July 77% 781,4 77V6 7«i/ 4
September .. 77>/ 4 77% 77 77%
Corn No. 2 —
May C2>A 62^ C2!£ n2>/ t
July 02 . C2U 01% <!2
September .. GO 00% C0% uo
Oats No. 2 —
May 44'/4 44% 44% 44%
July 35% 30 35% 35%
September .. 30% 31% 30% S0%
Mess Pork, per parrel —
May 15 32# 15 32 V, 15 25 15 SO
July 15 50 15 C2i5 15 42# 15 47Vj
Lard, per 100 roun5b —
May » 42>/j 0 42«/, 9 87V4 9 42>/j
July 0 52% 0 52% 9 47% 0 C2Vj
September 7. t 9 62H« 9 62V*, 9 62% 0 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
I May 8 37% 8 40 • 8 35 8 40
i.luly 8 47% 8 50 8 45 S 50
; September .. 8 CO 8 00 . 8 57% 8 CO
The Chicago report to Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. says: Liverpool . Vl@%c higher; market
was very quiet. The gain in activity in
Wheat is at expense of the general interest in
Corn and that market lags in consequence.
While the receipts are small the demand con
tinues poor and the high price to a great ex
tent extends the conditions. Trade Is disposed
to await the Government report on Monday.
This market continues quiet, with some re
arrangement of 'quotations. Large Yellow,
$1 35@1 45; small round do, $1 35@1 50: white.
$1 35@1 4(J D er ctl. '
RYE— Firm at oa^eOT^c per ctl.
, BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at $1 C5 per ctL
At Chicago, while there is some little Im
provement in the cash demand, the market on
the whole is dull and operations are feature
less.
Grays, ?1 S0@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12Vi@l 22# for feed
and $122>/£@132% for seed; red, $1 30®l 42%
per ctl.
CORN — According: to Bradstreefs the exports
of Corn from the United States since July 1,
1001. show a decrease of 112.55U.000 bushels
from the same period last year.
OATS — Marked strength continue» to char
acterize the market and the recent advance Is
maintained without difficulty. ' .
Informal Session — 0:10 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, 70c.
. Second Session — December — 4000 ctls. 70c.
Regular Morning Session — May — 8000 ctls,
79c; 4000, 79%c. May— 2000, 03c.
CALL HOARD SALES
Feed, O5@DOV4c for No. 1 and 02%@03%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades. 97%c
@|1: Chevalier, 05c!&$l 20 per ctl.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm.
Chicago was strong at a further fractional ad
vance, chiefly on French cables. There was
some increase in speculation, due to continued
dry weather in, the Southwest. The Govern
ment report fa expected on Monday. Exports
from the United States, as given by Brad
street's, since July 1, amount to 45,4su,ooo
bushels. The strength In Wheat Is due more
to lack of offerings than to any buying de
mand. Activity, however, is increasing.
The Chlcaeo letter to Bolton, De ituyter &
Co Bays: "Liverpool unchanged; Paris Vi<v>
IVj'o higher; Antwerp %c higher. Indications
are that tho visible supply will show a de«
crease of possibly a million bushels on Won'
day. Here, although the cables were dtsap
pointing, the market opened steady and after
ward gained strength and activity. The South'
west la uttll complaining of lack of rain and
the area oqvered by unfavorable reports neemea
to pt» extended, Country buyln? no far Is not
large, but holiiem »r*» rm a rule firm and local
epegulfttivfj buying to-d»y showed a iteoidealy
baiter quality, AeMe from the unfavorable
prop reports a smBll niuvempnt itt primary
umrkete, particularly In the Northwest, l§ be.
ulnnlnu to Inspire eonfliiencu to Boms extmH.
Mlnneupolls rtumrtg a better Hour demand aluo.
About the nnly btwrinh feature lit the Mtuatlon
ii the t«»T 1'XjM.ii demand. W« thlnlt eur
p"lvi-s that wenilier and erop devfelnpmintH will
I" 1 the controlling fsetorit IrrcBpeetlve ot \m
meriting cMiKlliiniirt ot supply m ml denrnnd,
Market acts ng If It was waking tut After a
long iM-rioil of riullneea ami we are Inclined te
think Wheat Hltguld be bought on the weak
ilKltN." .
Thin market Htood about th« name, oeth on
and urt call.
Wfnt wiinit — Fhii.piHfT, $1 10; milling,
$i hmi i6 jut eti,
CALL UOAKD BALES.
Informal 8e««lon— OilC o'clock— May^-80n0
ft Is. 91 VAVt', 4000, $1 l!i%. December— 10,000,
|1 IoVj.
Second HcBBlon — No snlei.
Regular Morning He«slon — May— 8000 ctlM,
•1 lliU, December— -2000, |1 10V&.
BARLEY — Is very firm, chiefly on account of
the very. fine export demand, which extends to
Australia, Mexico, the East and Bouthwest, to
Bay nothlmr of a very fair demand for the
north. The local brewers an? also again in
the market, as previously mentioned. This
general demand offsets. the bearish Influence of
the rains. The fihlpments to Mexico consist
chiefly of Rolled Uarley. *
Receipts of Produce.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Bunk Cleanup
Local bunk riratlnrn during the purl wprk
%er* KM.6n.tiL against $ia.lCS,&lil during
tli* «ome week in 1MJ1.
—
Retail Meat Prices.
nrlall vricft for Mutton and Lamb have
bci-n advanced, owlnx to tho email number of.
fchoej) comlnz in.
The following retail quotations for meats
are furnjshej by the han Francisco Retail
Hutchers* i'rotectlve Association:
liKJEK — i ;.¦;..-!. in,, is,- j,er Ib; Tenderloin
Steak, 15{m>T,c; Porterhouse Steak. 17%V-0c;
Round Steak, lO^l^Vac; Stew Heel, MijlOc;
Corned Bert. SQloo.
VEAL— lionet. 10fil5c; Cutlets, 15Q18c.
MUTTON— Roast. l-'Vi&l&c; Chops, 12^0
ir»c; Blew, hjfioc.
LAMU — Sprint, lS&ZSc; Xloost, 10S?lSc;
Chops. 13QUOC.
1HJUK — ltoast, J2H4fir>c; Chops. 15c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver declined %c.
sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 8G ¦
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 fcOVi
s'ew York Exchange, sight — 10
>Iew York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 12Va
silver, per ounce — o*Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45 Mi
Exchange and Bullion.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Butter, Cheese dud Eggs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH- 9, 1902.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
35
Silver declined i-2c. Exchange undisturbed.
Local slocks and bonds quiet.
Weekly bank clearings larger than last year.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Barley in good demand for export
Oats firmly held. Rye stiff. Some changes in Corn.
Rolled Barley firm. Bran and Middlings weak. Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds shozv no noteworthy variation.
Butter continues to decline. Eggs still in excessive supply.
Dried Fruits slowly improving in the Eastern markets, <
Provisions apathetic here and in the East.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Coffee continues quiet.
Potatoes firmer. Onions steady. Summer Vegetables firm.
Poultry and Game cleaned up well.
Oranges in light supply and doing better. Bananas advanced.
Butchers advance retail prices for Mutton and Lamb.
Wholesale prices for Meats as before.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising Elowly along the coa3t
lorth of £an Francisco. It has fallen over
Nevada, and Utah. Showery weather has pre
•allM over nearly all of the country -west of
he Rocky Mountains. Sncw is falling in the
Merra. and high southwest winds are reported
in Neva (2a and Utah.
The temperature has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and rapidly over Northwestern Nevada.
Korecan made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 9:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er with occasional showers; fresh southerly
ninds.
Southern California — Occasional showers
Punday, followed by clearing weather; fresh
southwest winds.
Nevada — Rain or snow Sunday, continued
cool; high southwest winds diminishing.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
wer.ther Sunday with occasional showers, fol
lowed by clearing; fresh southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. March 8.— Considerable inter
est centered to-<3ay Jn the bank statement and
per«llng Its publication operations In the Mock
markft were without much Bljmificanc'j ex
cept in a few stocks. The early market showed
come irregularity, but the prominent railroad
rtocks were firmly held and the limited Bell
ing was chiefly in tho ppeclalties. particularly
Colorado Fuel. Moderate buying of Missouri
Pacific und Rock Island advanced those Stocks
1 to 2 jiolnt* and there was tome CUpos'.tion
in rovrr inter in the >tjeclaltlpg, Jirlnjrlns the
•¦mir* market nbove lut night. Colorada FupI
«ai« llftrd 2% above >csterdny'B tioee, but
dralltigs wrre U[i In Ihe other Inttal ctiKkn
•¦xcept AmalRftmalcd Copper* Which showed
tnonirntary ftrrngth. Ther« was Home renewal
of the recent <1 maml for Intcrnatlonnl BtoekK,
hut material advances were confined t>i l'a
rltic Coaft common «nd the second preferred,
We*tingliouse Klcctrlc, Minneapolis and Bt.
Loui* and Pacific Mall, the latter being bought
<>n expectations of a renewed contract with
ihe Punnma Railroad. Publication of the bank
Hatenicnt. showing a cash loss of nearly |l»,-
WH).ooo, which more than doubled the prelim
inary estimates, started selling of the genoral
liFt. Pi ices, however, did not yield much ex
cept in some of the stocks which had notably
advanced earlier and there was no decided
pressure at any point. Some satisfaction was
felt at the loan reduction of *3,000,000. this
being the first in nearly two months. The im
mense cash loss was quite generally attribut
ed to the vagaries of the bank average system.
With surplus reserves down 10 lets than $4,-
OOO.ooo and the gold export movement un
checked, the opinion naturally prevails that
1'igher money rates are imminent. The stock
market closed active and easy.
There has been some movement of prices of
Etccks during the week, but it was by no
means coneiBtent and was not well held, the
market showing a tendency to return to its
former level, whether from advances or de
clines. The money market situation was the
cause of uneasiness, which became rather
acute during the midweek. This was due to
the calling of twenty per cent of the syndi
cate EUbKTlptlons to the San Francisco Trac
tion merger and the announcement that remit
tances WGUld be made tu San Francisco
through the nub-treasury by telegraphic trans
ler. This would mean the withdrawal of
money from the New York market for deposit
at the rub-treasury and its payment Into the
San Francisco market from the sub-treasury
there, an operation which the Government's
large holdings of gold in San Francisco would
make convenient at the Treasury Department.
Well street was mystified in the meantime by
the inquiry at Washington by New York bank
ers as to facilities for transferring in this
way £50,000.000 to $00.000,<X>0. This threat
ened an inroad upon New York reserves be
yond anything calculated up to this time and
I rorr.ised a serious situation, in i view of the
low level of the surplus reserves of the banks
and the other requirements for gold exports,
which had to be met. The equanimity of the
speculative mind was somewhat upset in con
sequence and prices were inclined to give way.
They recovered ! when It was announced that
the San Francisco remittances had been ar
ranged through the regular exchange market
and would be settled without an actual move
ment of cash, which those interested in ex
change banking seemed desirous of avoiding.
This episode seemed mainly responsible fnr the
principal rrice movement of the week. The
sensitiveness of. the market to the condition
of money reserves is perfectly reasonable.
With the loan and deposit items of the banks
at higher figures than ever before, the Email
surplus represents an even smaller proportion >
of actual reserves than is indicated by the '
actual reserve. In fact, under the eystem of
computation by averages used by the Clearing
House banks with figures such as those now
involved in deposits and reserves, the present
surplus reserves of the banks must be regard
ed as a purely nominal one and subject to
change either side of the line of legal reserve
limit from day to day in the cash syndicate
Iran operations on the scale now become fam
iliar to the New York market. It may easily
te an Intimate knowledge of the condition of
these large eyndicate loans is the reason for
the unruffled placidity of the money market
ir. face of nominal showing by the banks. The
liquidation of even one individual syndicate
might put a different face upon the whole
money (situation over night. The powerful
combinations which have kept close upon the
available credits gt tho market since the first
of the year have every intention in conserving
the quietude and steadiness of the money mar
ket and are possessed of enormous resources
for doing so. The New York. money market,
however. Is by no means exempt from the In
fluences of foreign markets, by reason of large
obligations still outstanding aa a result of
enormous purchases of American securities
from foreign holders In last year's struggle
for control of transcontinental railroad sys
tems. An a consequence, the requirements by
one foreign center upon another for trans
ferring gold can be shifted upon New York.
That 1* what in being done now by London to
meet the demands of Paris upon that center.
The London Statist estimates that London is
Indebted to Continental money markets to a
rum of (300.000,000 In nhnrt-tlme loans, of
which fully half is owing to French capital
ists. The purpose of the Bank of England
to keep control of the London money market
and keep up the money rate there so hh to
protect that market against withdrawals of
capital Is therefore easily explicable, the more
00 as the end of the British fiscal ye.ir is
approaching and provision must be made for
another large loan to meet the requirements
of the coming year. The Bank of France also
has accumulated the largest stock of gold
ever held In Its vaults, notwithstanding the
dullness of French trade and Industry, indicat
ing preparation for some future special de
mand upon its resources. The situation sup
plements other factors admonishing toward
caution and conservatism In the speculative
employment of capital. The Northern Securi
ties Company case Is an ever present factor
in Wall street consideration. The season of
uncertainty over the country's crop Is always
cne of normal dullness in its speculation and
there remain many labor problems' for the
coming year to be worked out.
Bonds have shown some i decrease from re
cent activity, but the level of prices was well
maintained.
United States 2s advanced %, the 3s %, new
4s coupon % "and" the old 4s % per cent over
the closing call of last week. ¦ -.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Clone.
Atchison 2,800 75>4 75 75>A
Atchison pfd 900 »C% 06^ 9<HI
Baltimore & Ohio. 4,300 105>.£ 104% 104%
Bait & Ohio pfd 94.
Canadian Pacific... 1,000 113% 113 113
Canada Southern 87%
Chesapeake & OSis 45%
Chi & Alton 1.200 36% 35% 3<i
Chi & Alton pfd i 751,4
Chi Ind & Louis... 1,500 C4^ C4% 04
Chi Ind & Louis pf '7814
Chi & Eastern 111.. 400 l. r i0 153 158
Chi & Gt Western. 500 24»4 24'/i 24U
Chi & Gt W A pfd 88
Chi &GtWB pfd .... 45
Chi & N'W 1.100 230 229 228&
Chi R I & Pac... 5,400 1C7 165& 160
Chi Term & Trans 300 17',4 1'Vt 17%
Chi Term & T pfd 100 33% 33y 3 32%
C C C & St Louis. lOO'/i
Colorado Southern. 7,000 26 V4 25% * 2H%
Colo South 1st pfd 800 71% 71 71
Colo South 2d pfd. 2.000 43% 42% 42%
Delaware & Hud.. 200 172% 172^ 171%
Del Lack & West ••••• 280
Den & R Grande.. 100 44^ 44% 43«
Den & R G pfd 200 91% 91% J»Ui
Erie .."..... 3,200 37% 30% 36%
Erie 1st pfd 400 C7% 67?i <!7%
Erie 2d pfd 5*Vj
Of Northern- pfd.. 300 1R5 185 184%
Hocking Valley.... 100 08% C8% C8%
Hocking Val pfd.. 83V»
IlS Central..... ,100 140 140 1S9J4
Iowa Central ..... 1,000 50% . 50% 50%
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 R3% 83% S2%
Lake Erie & West. 400 C8% 08% &S
L E & Western pfd ...¦¦ ¦-¦- ,•-•• J32..
Louis & Nashville. 200 104 104 10ii%
Manhattan Elevat. 4.600 131% 130% 131
Met Street Ry *00 IBS 107% 167Vx
Mexican Central .. 1.000 2fi% 28% 285?
Mexican National.. 17.800 20% 20 20
Minn & St Louis.. 2.300 112 111% 111*
MU»ourf Pacific .. 5,200 99% 09% 09%
Mo K"n I ?ex^fd "360 53% 53% gg
New Jersey Central ISO
New York Central. 500 1«2% 1<!2% 1*2%
Norfoik & Western 400 B6% 5(1% 50%
Norf & West pfd.. 100 01 91 DO
Ontario & Western 000 XI 32% Xi
Pennsylvania 12.200 152% 151% ; Jf.1%
Reading 2.900 54% 54»i M«
Reading let pfd... 80%
Reading 2d pfd.... 3,100 00% 00 <&%
New York Grain and Produce.
F.ugar. 2.11-lOc. Refined.. steady. jNo.,6, 4.20c;
No. 7 4.10c: No. 8/ 4c; No. 9. C 3.95c; No. 10,
:$.90c: No. 11, :1.85c; No. 12. 3.80c; No. ¦'1:5,
.'!.75c: No. 14, 3.70c; standard' A', 4.55c; con
fectioners' A, 4.5f-c; mold A, 5.10c: cut loaf,
5.25c; crushed, 5.25c;. powdered, 4.85c; granu
!ated,>4.75c; cubes, 5.00c. .. -,.,-
CUFFEE— Options closed \net unchanged to 5
points lower. Total sales, 12250 bags, includ
ing: May, 5.35c: September, 5.75c ;> December,
5.05c; January. Gc/ Spot. Rio, dull. No 7 in
voice. 5"i4c: mild, dull; Cordova, S@12c.
5.95c; January, Cc.
DRIED FRUITS.
The feeling In evaporated apples was a little
stronger, with buyers willing to pay full cur
rent prices for small lots. Trade was moder
ate. State, common to good, 7@8'/ac: prime,
9©;9V4c; choice, 9Vi@10c; fancy, 10V(!@llc.
Interest in spot prunes and apricots continued
and the market wai very firm. Jobbers were
active bidders at quotations. Peaches were
steady and quiet.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14cj Moorpark, $11®
12Vjc.
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 8 V — Wheat firm, at 66c
tor Walla Walla and 67%c for bluestem. '*
Cleared — British ship Queen Elizabeth, for
Qucenstown, with 0S.11C bushels wheat; Freftcn
bark Versailles, with 110,43.1 bushels wheat, for
Queenstown.
Washington:
TACOMA, March' 8.— Wheat quiet an3
steady. Bluestem, cec; club, G5c.
. Receipts of Poultry were moderate and the
market closed firm. All kinds cleaned up" well
at the quotations. Two cars of Eastern Live
will be placed on the. market to-morrow.
Receipts of Game were 38 sks and ''prices
¦were unchanged for all kinds, 'with the excep
tion of Hare, which were in light supply and
higher. ¦ ¦ ¦¦' ; • • .'
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@H3c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$l-50®l 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks, ?5©fl
for old and $0 50@7 GO for young; Hens, $4 60
<&5 00; young Roosters, $6 5O@7 50;° old Roos
ters, ?4 25#4 50; Fryers. $5 50®0; Broilers,
$. r >@5 CO for large and ?3@4 for small: Pigeons.
SI 50 per dozen tcr old and $2 50S2 75 for
Squabs.
; GAME — Hare, $1 25@1 50; Rabbits, ?1 50 for
Cottontails arid $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, t-iot
3 SO; White Geese, fl@l 25; Brant, $1 M)@2
per dozen; Honkers, ${@4 50; English Snipe,
$3; Jack Snipe, $1 50@2; Robins, nominal.
The decline ' in Butter continues, and .the
Exchange marked down prices to 22@25c for
creameries and 17(S2tc for dairies. While
there is no accumulation of stocks, yet deal
ers consider it good* policy to lower prices und
sell oft receipts before any accumulation takes
place. The accumulation will occur later on.
Cheese is in this peculiar condition that old
is now In better demand than new and sell
ing for more money. The exchange quotes new
ct 10c and old at 0®llc. Stocks are ample
and new is weak. Old is scarce. •
Eggs "show no change whatever. The mar
ket is still glutted and dealers, unable to keep
their floors clear by selling to the local trade,
are putting their surplus into cold storage,
though the Eggs are hardly fit to go into store
| duringc the current wet weather. There aro
I no orders on the market of. any consequence."
Receipts were 35,500 pounds tubs and
1 keg of Butter, 1.M9 cases of Eggs, fe050
pounds of California Cheese, — — pounds of
Oregon Cheese and — ~ pounds of Eastern
Cheese. «.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20<f?27c per Ib fr>r
fancy, 25c for firsts and 23@24c for seconds;
dairy, ?0<fi24c; Btore Butter, 17@19c per Ib.
CHEESE— New, 10%©Uo: old, ¦ IO^iSMc;
Young America,, 12@l- ( Hc; Eastern, IUQISc per
pound,
KOOS— Ranch, 14@lBo for neleeted largo and
i:i<y.i:i'.;,o for good to choice; store, I2uuo per
doun.
BAGS — Grain nags, June and July, 6c: San
Quentln, 5.65c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@Sc.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Gouthfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $f> 50; Bryant. $0 50:
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; WallsenJ. ?S CO;
Co-operative WallaencJ, $S Co; Cumbeiianj, $rj
In bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; AVelsh ¦ Anthracite, $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In buU
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand. y
OIL — California Castor OH. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrel*, boiled.
7t>c; raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Luco!, Wic for
boiled and 04c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. OCc;
China Nut. 57%@e8c per gallon; pure Neats
¦ foot in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
I C5c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c: cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon ana
68V6c for Australian. . ¦ ••»
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13>Ac; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; 'deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases 21V>c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases,
20V&c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as -follows, per pound. In 100 -ib
bags: Cube*. A Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4 50c- Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c-:
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
5c per Ib. No order taken for less than 75
barrels, or. Us equivalent. . . • '
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port during the first two
months of tin 1 year at 21.529 bags, against
30 COO during the same time last ¦ year. The
sales -fiom first' hands were 16.35S bags,
against 19,275. The stock in first hands March
1 was 15.04S bags, against 13,105. The world's
visible supply March 1 was 11.1S0.C93 bags,
against 7,276.025. The circular says:
"Buyers have been and are still pursuing
a watting policy, and February's distribution
here has been consequently unsatisfactory in
volume, although not so as to prices paid,
which show practically no change since the
Oth ultimo. Present quotations are sustained
with some show of firmness under light arrivals
here and the comparatively strong position of
mild coffees generally, which have grown apart
from Brazils although still readily susceptible
of their sympathetic influence. The unusually
large quantity of coffee carried over locally
from last year by second hands and speculators
has enabled dealers to remain away from the
market much longer than was anticipated.
Business has been and is of hand to mouth
character, their ideas being much below' the
prest*it basis for coffee in quantity.
"Receipts in Brazil present the most Im
portant feature and are still very heavy —
twelve and a half millions for this crop to the
present writing, with estimates running as
high as four millions for the balance of the
season (to July 1). There have been recent
rumors of furcr.er-low estimates for next crop,
but t-othing authentic or of real value.
- "To-day's first hand stock consists of 2112
bass Costa Rica. lfiS Nicaragua. 2440 Salvador.
12.303 Guatemala. 231:0 Mexican and 7.872 bass
of other kinds: In all £7.727 bags, as against
»«:!O bnK3 samo time last year.
"Deliveries from first hands since the .>th
include: .*.»;.S bags Costa Rica. 115 Nicaragua.
21S5 b'alvador, 4110 Guatemala. ¦ -MS- Mexican
and W-S various:- In all S17K bags."
To-r'ay's first-hand asking prices are:
Costa Rica— 14«15c for strictly prime to
fancy wa*h; ll%'S12Vic for prime washed:
10%*Jllc for good washed; 'y~933o^ta» strictlr
waafied peaherry; O'/.-WtO^c for fair to prim«
washed peaberry; OVifplOc for- fair to primo
pcaberry; 10«llc for good to prime; SV^OWc
for fair; 6®7>,-ic for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 12'. j<St::c for strictly prlma
washed: lO\-2 l Ul2c for gooil tn prime washed;
9.910c for fair washed: 10Vi*m%c for Rood to
prime washed peaberry; O'^ftlOVac for good tn
prime semi-washed; fKiO^ic for superior nn
washed; 8%O8%e for "good green unwashed;
9<S9%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
CfiTc for common to urninary.
Nicaragua — 12@ir>c for prime to fancy
washed; 9%fillo for fair to strictly good
washed; 8V v ®0c /or good to superior unwashed;
9<Jli>%c for good to prime unwashed peaburry.
• Guatemala and Mexican — 1301S)&4 for prlma
to fanoy washed: It «-'•<(<! I- >-jc for strictly kooiI
washed; llftll^c for good washed: DMifJUWitf
for fair washed: SJIflc for medium; 6ift7%c for
Inferior to ordinary; 10'4'R12c for good . to
prime washed peaberry; 9%ifi;t0c fr>r good to
prime unwashed peaberry; SUSOc for good to
huuerior unwashed.
lineal packers continue to report a firm
r.a'ket for Hogs, with moderate receipts.
Other meats show no change.
DRESSED MEAT3.
Wholesale rates from •Uughtarera to dealer*
am ns follow*:
UEE*'-'«iH<a>7%'» 'or Steers an4 <l©0%o 9*r
Iti for «'uw!t,
VNAI^Lttrse. 7%e9Hoj small. BOlOo par Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, fctfttte; Ewe», THCW^*
per iiiiuntl.
LA MU— Yearling*. OVjQIOq per Ib; Bprln*
l.aini.. lu'/'i ir... wr Ib.
runK- Prmw.f IU<**, THffOo p«r Ib.
t.iVilM-riuiv MAHKET.
The following ijimiiiii'ifia jiiv for koo4 toun4
llvrt.t... iv tiriiv-ivi bt gun fntodsco, let* 6tf
per •¦•i>t eiifinU.if« r<.f .it 1 1":
'•a r n.i; -HtTfii, (i^outn Cowt and Heifer*.
"tUVn". \bin (''two, 4iifto t»»r Ib.
t'AiA'K*— 4H«&Ho ppf ib <«troM w«l*ht).
i«ii!;i;i---\v..ti 1 .-,=.; 4>., u.v ; i;w.-,, jiv^iu p«r
ib (.il'.'-B W-'l«hl).
f.,\.Mr.;4--M'i.'iilina I l.nmti>. 12 r,ntj3 73 p«r
Ifn'i, or r. '.,'<! i.i; per Ib liveweight; yearling*,
4VjT/f.(* per Ib.
llodK— Live Itogs, 200 lb« snd tinder, fl«p
fllfcc; 2110 Ib* and over, ft%4J0%c: feeders, 6 V:
kowr, 20 par cent off; briars, 30 per cent oft,
ami stags, 40 per cent oft from tho abova quo
titlooa.
FOR SATURDAY, MARCH 8.
Flnur. qrsks... in,fi21 Sugar, ctts 1,300
Wheat, ctls 2.ion Pelts, bdls 104
Ttarley, ctls 4,120 Hides. No 040
li'.'iin.o. sks 2,0s."i Hrandy. gals.... 70O
Potatoes, sks... 01!> Win*, gals 3G,J)K0
Onions, Bks 100 Leather, rolls... IS-l
Hay. ton3 JW Lime bbls 1S2
Straw, tons 13 ' Quicksilver, flks 8
Hods, bales :;t
OREGON
Flour, qr sks... 11. R02 Onions. sks 301
Potatoes, sks.... 5,170lBran. «ks 3.640
Morning Session.
2 Hanford •. 80 00
4000 Independence 08
500 Monarch of Arizona V->.
100 Sovereign '. 19
100 Sovereign M
130 Sterling 11-!
Street—
8S3 Aztec ICOTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
36
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.^
JOSEPH STRAUB, ¦ '.. j
850 Market St., corner StoclCVm. • \
Telephone Grant 177. j
Real Estate Aeent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. . ¦ '. '
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business ¦
> , ¦ . . "¦ . Agerit.
A — Oyster and chop house at Presidio; owner
• to leave city; a bargain at $350. '.
A — Restaurant and delicacy store: doing fine
business: owner sick- good location.
A— Grocery and bar on Ellis st.; good place and
cheap rent. Price $1000. , . ¦ ,
A— Cigars, notions and laundry office; rent $18;
2 rooms in rear; receipts $U. Price ?300.
A — Lodging-house south of Market St.; $350.
A — Grocery and bar in the Mission; owner can-
not take care of the place: rent $18; 4 living
rooms in rear. Price $000.
A— Saloon near Market St. Price $1500.
A — Grocery and bar on Golden Gate ave. ; owner
retiring from business. Price $?f>00. .
A— Partner for a saloon on Kearny at.
A— Grocery on a good corner on Mission st. ;
owner has other interests; fine place for
man and wife. Price $2000^ i
SOME bargains — McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market.
W25 — Restaurant & oyster house; good.cheap.
$250— Restaurant; good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200 — Saloon; $400, $000, $1200 sa-
loons. $175, $225. $500. cigar stores.
LOOK out laundrynien'. Steam laundry; part
for rale; sood chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
7155 Market St.; phone Red 34S3.
$175 — CIGAR store, in good condition. Me-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
$400— GROCERY store; splendid location, Oak-
land; cheap rent; old-established place; sells
only on account departure; positively a bar-
gain. Apply P. D. DE LUCA _ CO.. 318
Kearny 6t. • ¦ . ___
HEALY & CARR, C Eddy St., San Francisco,/
rooms 18 and 19; phone James 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business opportunities, city and
country real estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
superior to Treadwell mine or Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning Z months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest in a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Young or middle-aged . man, with
push, ability, office experience and capital,
to take a position in office and learn the
management of the business; only responsible
party need apply; can invest money and be-
¦ come member of firm later on if they choose.
Box 41C3. Call.
$400 — PARTNER wanted; light manufacturing
business; lots of orders on hand; owner prac-
tical workman; well known and reliable; no
experience required; sure profit of $100 a
month to each. Apply 632 Market St., r. 6.
35 PER CENT PER MONTH
Earned during past five years by our infal-
lible system of speculation; dividends paid
weekly; no failures; highly indorsed; partic-
ulars free; mention paper. HAMMOND &
CO., 21 Park Row, New York City.
FOR LEASE to a reliable party, the WM.
TELL HOUSE; furniture for sale. Further
information inquire at 317 Bush St., room 12.
FOR sale — Fancy confectionery and Icecream
. store with shop; downtown location: splendid
business; good opportunity for right party;
_no agent. Box 41bS,'Call office.
WANTED — Partner to invest $1000 in an old-
established weekly published in this city. Ad-
dress box 4100, Call office.
AT a bargain, a modern ginger ale and soda
manufactory. Box 4140, Call office.
PAYING fruit and fancy grocery store-; worth
$450; to-morrow $250; must sell. 140 Fifth.
PARTNER wanted; capital $300 to $500. Apply
120 Sutter st., room 62.
FOR sale — Retail hay. grain, coal business; es-
tablished on main thoroughfare for 15 years;
fine location: cheap rent on lease; capital re-
quired about $1000; principals only. Address
box 4122. Call office.
ONE of the best paying phonograph and pic-
ture machine parlors in the city at a sacri-
fice; owner leaving city; reasonable terms.
E. STERN. 400 Kearny st. • . . :
$300; corner grocery and bar; full value; living
rooms; rent $25; other business. CaU office.
$250 — RESTAURANT and oyster house; good
paying business; account sickness. 411 4th.-;
GOOD opportunity for man with $600 to invest
in first-class saloon.' Box 4111, Call office.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— -A very profitable saloon in the
lively mining camp of Keswlck; price $2500;
part cash, part time; must be sold on account
of ill-health; no agents: owner, is in town.
For particulars address box 3710. Call office.
FOR sale — An old established fine paying gro-
cery. Oakland, Cal.. on account of departure.
Address box 3656, Call office. Oakland.
$260— STEADY man as a partner in an old
reliable road house; worth double the amount
to-day. Business Board Trade. 320 Pine st.
PRINTING outfit for sale or rent; good chance;
terms reasonable. Box 4410, Call office.
$22f — CIGAR stand near City .Hall. KRASKY
& CO.. 1040A Market St.. room 16. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — SPECIAL; 20 rms.; cor.; clears $1(55; $500
cash, bal. easy terms; price $1000. Retsloft.
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms:
70 rms.; elegant; long lease; clears $400. $0800
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms; clears $125; payments. .....; 1000
16 rooms; Eddy st.; reduced to 900
5 rooms ; flat ; bargain "00
22 rooms; 3d st. ; clears $100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones-st. corner; only 27.1
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 '450
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone, John G31. l
906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A — Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-8-O-.'J
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms 1-2
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for galo on easy terms. Please call
BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Please remember that I have three compe-
tent, courteous sober business men associated
with me and that we will gladly refer you to
hundreds of people for whom we have done
business to their entire satisfaction. WE
SELL city and country property, lodging-
houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds,
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st 102(3 Market st«
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor.; new f urn. ; payments.. $1150
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000
23 rooms; rent $65; must sell 1250
28 rooms ; corner ; cheap rent 1500
29 rooms; rent $75; must sell .1200
48 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY ~~~~"
850 Market st (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
. business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
. Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A CAMERON &Tc<x! ~ ~~ ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
KRASKY & CO.. 1040A Market st.
¦ A — 20 rooms; sunny side of Ellis st. ; $750
cash. bal. easy payments; snap.
$1800 — Transient house, near Mkt. & Taylor.
20 rooms; near City Hall; rent $50.... $1400
22 rooms; on one floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain. ;
TWENTY-THREE rooms; all sunny; two
floors; all full; steady roomers; will sell
cheap on easy terms. M. E. RIVES, 916
Market St. ; tel. Main 128.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market St.— Some bar-
galns: $3300 — 33 rooms. $2000 — 32 rooms;
$750 — 16 rooms. $1300 — 21 rooms. $000 — 2C
rooms. $550 — 10 rooms. -.60 more • houses,
some bargains. In different locations. ¦
60 ROOMS; modern sunny corner: rent $100;
lease for right party; price Jf2800; mortgage;
take narrow gauge. THE MERRITT CO.,
Twelfth and Franklin sts., Oakland.
TWELVE rooms; all sunny; running water;
rent $50; nice home on easy terms; money
loaned. M. E. RIVES, 910 Market st. ; tel.
Main 128. ' . .
A — NOTICE — We have rooraltiE-houses, ! all
siifes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Markt.
SNAP — Flat of C rms; suit, for bus.; only $275.
......Part cash: furniture worth $500..:...
....... Mc-RIDE & CO.. 765 Market st
MCALLISTER, 769— 10 rooms, all full, newly
furnished; clears $40: price $750. ,
WANTED — To buy house of 15 to 18 rooms.
Box 4156, Call office.
$8. r »0— 21 ROOMS; sunny corner; rent $43~
KRASKY & CO., 1049 Market St.. room -16.
EDUCATIONAL— Con tinned.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.— Big
school because it's best. Our Gregg short-
| hand students write 200 words a minute on
test.- Typewriters at home tree to students.
Nine positions last week. * - •
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for, the .university, law and medical
colleges: references, . President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHElt-
MAREH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
W ANTED — By a gentleman from Paris and
graduate of Berlin University, lessons in
: English !n exchange for those In French oi
German , by capable gentleman. 4143, Call.
AT the last test at S. F. Bus. College. Miss
Stevenson wrote 202 words a minute new
la-.v matter; read perfectly; Gregg shorthand
is the fastest.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallef Schocl
associated with theatrical agency securing pol
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est. 1SC4. Van
der Naillen School. .113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
1 modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CC-pago catalogue free. 305 Larkin bt.
EPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De FilippesAcademy
of Languages,320 Post ;estab'd 1S71 ;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 430.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessors, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine at.
HEALD'S Business College, 24, Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; teLFell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. .411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeais.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant ltiS; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel. 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^-Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — By young women of good family
and education, position as secretary, com-
panion or governess; references exchanged.
Address box 232, Santa Barbara.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting; latest styles; costumes remodeled;
$1 50 per day in \ families. Address J. P.,
820 Eddy st., room 10. ¦
STYLISH dressmaking in ladies' and children's
clothes by an experienced dressmaker in the
late, designs; also dresses renovated. 1237
Webster st., near Ellis; references.
WANTED — By reliable woman, light work of
any kind; good demonstrator; good sales-
woman; understands hair work, scalp treat-
ment, shampooing, singeing, bleaching and
hair dyeing; facial treatment,' steaming, etc.
Address M.. box 4131, Call, office.
IN experienced nurse would like a few more
engagements; doctor's references. 318 Fell.
FRENCH girl wants place for chamberwork
and sewing; good references. H. P., box
4120, Call office. -
RELIABLE, competent young lady wishes po-
sition In clerical or office work; experienced;
. best references. MISS BENNETT, 723 Ellis.
POSITION as housekeeper In small family.
305 Larkln St., room 60.
GERMAN wonn«.n wishes to have work Wed-
nesdays; w.ishlng. Ironing or housecleaning.
Please call 1331 Pacific St., downstairs.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; no ob-
Jectlon.to small washing. Call at 622 Third.
YOUNG girl, IS, wishes a position to do light
housework or second work; wages $15. Box
4144. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED colored woman wishes a posi-
tion to take care of a child at home or at
party's home through the day. Address 124
William St.. city.
COMPETENT colored woman wishes place in
small family for cooking and downstairs
work. Please call at 933 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting; latest styles; costumes remodeled: en-
gagements by the day. 10 Metcalf place, off
Geary st...near Mason. *
COMPETENT woman wants position to do
laundry work Wednesdays and Thursdays:
wages $1 75. Call 012 Treat ave.. nr. 10th st.
EXCELLENT laundress wants a position; will-
ing to assist with other work. Box 3659,
Call office. Oakland. ;
REFINED Swlsa girl wishes a situation for
upstairs work and sewing or taking care of
grown children; American family preferred;
city references. Address I. H.. 4060A 17th.
FIRST-CLASS sick nurse wants an engage-
ment; good references. Nurse. 1S04 Howard.
DRESSMAKER, from East, 15 years' experi-
ence cuts by French tailor square, desires
position as cutter in establishment, city or
country, or engagements by day in city.
Box 4112. - Call. *
YOUNG lady, bereft of mother, will exchange
setvices morning and evening in quiet fam-
lly for board and room (unfurnished); refer-
ences; elderly couple preferred. Box 4408,
Call, office. '
WANTED — By a respectable woman, work as
general servant; competent. Call or address
857 Howard st.
YOUNG fflrl wishes to act as companion to
lady; ref. exchanged. 1610 Larkin st.
JAPANESE girl wants to do general house-
work; is a good cook. 22 St. Marie st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
. ket — 200 rooms; 25a to $1 50 per night; $1 SO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; freo
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED— MASE.
SINGLE man, good appearance, wishes position
with good house, with view as city sales-
man; small salary at start; references. Box
4157. Call office.
WORK wanted by young man about place; can
handle horses, milk, or do most any kind of
work; references given.' Box 4132, Call.
MAN. wife and boy,' 13 years of age, want' a
Job on a ranch near the city; man and boy
can milk 45 cows; wife is a good cook. Hel-
vetia Hotel, 431 and 433 Pine st. , ¦
SITUATION wanted by a young colored man
as dishwasher and helper j in kitchen. T.
WALL, 174 Jessie st.
POSITION wanted by a steady, sober man as
foreman in milk dairy; not afraid of work.
Box 4402. Call office.
DELIVERY wagon driver .wants situation; 6
years' experience on city streets; large ac-
quaintance; tip-top solicitor if required. Box
: 4152, Call office.
A GOOD reader, correspondent and nurse of
traveled experience wishes to attend on an In-
valid; no objections to country; Al refer-
ences. Box 4151. Call office.
GROCERY clerk, young man, thoroughly ac-
quainted with grocery business, would like
a position In merchandise store; country pre-
ferred. Box 4150, Call office.
WANTED — By a first-class all around machin-
ist a position as foreman In some manufac-
turing business r has had experience; good
reterencos. Box 4154, Call office.
WANT position . as porter in wholesale or re-
tall store; have horse and wagon and will
also do delivery for same store. Answer by
mail, -box 4161, Call office.
EXPERT accountant 28 years old, 10 years in
last position, desires any kind of clerical
work; best references. Box 4105, Call office.
ANY. employment, | city, country j or abroad,
wanted by elderly single gentleman: compe-
tent to take charge of ranch or any other
property in absence of owner; no canvassing.
Box 4145. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes situation:
steady and reliable; references. C 28 West
Mission st. • . ,
MAN wants position who understands horse.?,
: poultry, etc., or as a driver of 1 or 2 horses;
city or country. Box 4104. Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wants position as
waiter. 725 Utah St.. .
WANTED— -Position as shipping clerk by youns
man recently from East; good experience and
good Eastern references. ' Box 4109, Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position at house-
¦ work; speaks English. T. TAM, 515 O'Far-
rell »t. . .
HELP WAX TED— FE 31 _A T.E — Con.
'FROM this date on and until further notice — »
will instruct inexperienced hands the trad*
of making overalls free of chawe: twill b-»
paid while learning. LEVI STRACSS &
CO.. 32ii Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
A LADY who can reach people with money
to invent in a company owning a mctmtain
of lnr.--"grade. gold-bearing ere: ¦_£__» t-1
tha Treadwell mine of Alaska; divKen.J* will
run a lifetime, beginning •'• months aft^ ir.i.t
starts If you wish to represent or im*st In
a payinsc preposition, call at or address room
412. Parrott buildlnjr. San Francisco, tfrl.
EXPERIENCED operators can find str».ly
work .it highest puv: also have a few .ta-
chines empty for girls about 1« years of «f>
to learn. Standard Shirt Factory, coroer
Goush and Grove sts.
INTELLIGENT people who need an income, at-
dress Proofreader, tox 15-'U. Ph'ladelphia. Pit,
WANTED — Immediately. .", ambitious girt* t<»
learn hairdre?s'.ns from A to 'A In 2 weeks
and take cbarjn of private customers^ when*
you can earn $00 per month: course $j. Col- I
lejre, 2Xi Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
BUTTON -HOLE maker; steady work at best
wages; must be first class. BELAbUO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid *MM
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. . .
WANTED— Girl for general housework; small
family: wages $20. Call at 2515 Broadway,
ner.r Scott, alter 10 a. m. <
COOD-PATIXO pmpofittlon for right woman
who can sell goods to go to Arkansas; «om«
money required. Box 4105. Call office.
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House.
SC5 Cattery st.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply b»-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.'
GERMAN woman as governess; state religion.;
salary $S0\ Box 2004, Call office^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImore.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
X MURRAY & READY Phone Main CS48
Leading' Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. m
.1 machinist*, country, fare $1 $3 day
Shingle packer. Santa Crua County; gardener,
private place, country. $30, »ee bos* het«
Farmer and wife. Ho and found, see bosa
here- 3 dairymen, butter and cheese makers;
5 choremen and boys; 5 pruner». orchard and
vineyard; 6 farm hands and teamsters.
Young man to drive delivery wagon, city;
milk wagon driver, $50 and room; boon-
keeper and stenographer, country.
. .WOODCHOPPERS— REDUCED FARK3. .
50 more woodchoppers. good camp, vtijjin
timber, levet ground, big wages. .. .. .... ...
Redwood, SOc Hardwood $1 SO
Pine, $1 25 -Ties, 10c each
Dishwasher, springs, open year round. $23,
fare paid: chef cook, country hotel: 5 cooks,
hotels and boarding-houses. $40. $50 ana *W>
and found; 7 waiters, hotels and restaurants;
kitchen help. etc. ' '
MURRAY & READY. CC4-C36 Clay st.
A— ROBERT LEINB2RG. teamster, please re-
port. MURRAY & READY. KU-BCU Clay St.
A— TO-DAY
To-Day ciuniluy
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
New railroad work Free fara
For Nevada
20 teamsters ? $'- a day
For Chatsworth Park
"0 header and corner men $2 50 a day
20 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 25 a day
Ship Ually
Free fare Free fara
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A — YOUNG man stenographer and typewriter
and do office work for a railroad camp in
Nevada. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st. : phone Bush 405.
SAWMILL AND LUMBER CREW.
20 lumber pilers $20 per month
20 experienced lumber pilers... $20 per month
20 experienced lumber pilers $20 per month.
1 pond man $tiO per mont.i
Head grimmer $»'.O per month
2 lumber graders $2 50 per Av.y
1 section foreman $2 50 per day
2 bridge carpenters 53 per day
20 redwood tiemakers. 10c to lCc, 3 jobs,
tools and fare advanced.
ANDRE'S Office. 01G Stockton st. — Cook, plain
boarding-house, country, $40; gardener for
first-class country hotel. $-10 and increase:
gardener for nursery, $J!0; barkeeper, $12 m
week, etc
WANTED — Young or middle-aged man with
push, ability, office experience and capital
to take a position In office and learn th-?
management of the business: only responsi-
ble party need apply: can Invest money an-1
become, member of firm later on if they
choose. Box 4163. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale^ — Averages from $120
to $130 per month; established p years; shop
and flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for fam-
ily of 4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the
rest $10 per month at 4 per cent interest.
1035 Guerrero st.
WANTED — A young man between the ages of
16 and IS years to run an elevator: one who
has had some experience with an electric ele-
vator preferred. Apply 7:30 o'clock, Monday
morning, at 718 Market St., S. N. WOOD _
CO.
RELIABLE Cleveland house wants bright trav-
eling salesman; general mercantile trade; en-
ergy, business ability, salesmanship will make
position permanent. 55 Mercantile Bank,
Cleveland. Ohio.
WANTED^ — Young man about 30 years of aga
for office work; must, be good at figures;
first-class reference required: state experi-
ence and salary expected. Address box 74J0,
Call office.
WANTED — Steady man with $125 cash: no ex-
perience required; permanent place; will pay
$«5 per month. Apply 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A .partner with about $3000 to
start a splendid-paying, legitimate and gen-
teel business. Box 4113. Call office.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash: no experience necessary: S13 to
$15 week; steady place. Brown, 1221 Market.
WANTED^ — Players with Instruments for ama-
teur brasa band.' Call Tuesday, 8- p. m.. at
1017 Folaora st.
SHOEMAKER wanted: an all-around man: one
that can do new work: steady Job. ANDY
VEIT. 60 E. San Fernando at., San Jose.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED mechanical dentist; no opera-
tors need apply; call before 12 m.. Monday.
National Tooth Crown Co.. 21 Powell st.
MEN and women to learn trade. Why not earn
good wages? No interference with your pres-
ent occupation. Box 4403, Call office.
BOY wanted for clerical work. Apply Wasp
office, 506 Mission, st.
WANTED — Young man with $90; tend cash.-
restaurant: $40 month. BROWN, 1221 Market. v
BUSHELMAN and presser. • Golden We3t
Clothing Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st.
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, carpenters and sea-
men for shlpa at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
BOY for office, about 14. Apply at 320 Call-
fornla st.. room 11. Monday, 8 o'clock.
'WANTED— First-clasd ladies' tailor: steady
work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 0S4 Geary.
WANTED — Butcher boy to drive wagon. 1913
Flllmore st. '
WANTED — Boy in meat market. Corner Jack-
son and Webster sts.
WANTED— Strong bundle boy. R. D. DAVIS
6 CO.. cor. Geary st. and Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED under rresser on vests. Ap-
ply & N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 422 Sixth st.
AT 630 Market st. — Ex-soldiers to file extra pay
claims, etc. O. E. HOWE. ..;
YOUNG hustler to solicit for traveling view
photographer. Write J. L. Hlllyer. Petaluma.
A BOY wanted to learn blacksmlthlng. llt'8
Mission st.
GOOD talkers; salary and commission. Call
at room 45, 819 Market at
A GENTLEMAN who can reach people with
money to invest in a company owning a
mountain of low-gyade. gold-bearing ore. su-
perior to the "Treadwell" mine oi Alaska:
dividends will run a lifetime, beginning M
months after mill starts. If you wish to r»t«-
resent or Invest in a paying proposition call
at or adrtress room 412, Parrott building, San
Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Faithful manager to take charge of
of distributing depot and office to be opened
Kan Francisco, to further business interest*
of old established manufacturing concern:
salary $1*>O per inonth And esctrn proflts^ ai*—
plicant must furnish good references and hava
$15<!0 cash. Address Superintendent, P. O.
box 1421. Philadelphia. Pa. ,-.¦¦..•¦, '<;X_ : .
INTELLIGENT people who need an income, al-
dress Proofreader, box 15."U. Philadelphia. Rl.
"WANTED — In large, shipping office, younsr
ra?n; roust be experienced and efficient ste-
nographer and have general knowledge of
office work. Reply box 111'.). Call office; state
experience and salary expected.
A YOUNG man. quick at figures, b.v.kkeepinc
and typewriting; one with re3tautant «*-
perience sreferred. Box 4117. CaU.
¦ SPIRITUALISM. A
A— ~"~~*~ .~v — ~"~~ ~~
BE sure and read Ismar's warning to one
of hsr patrons on. page 18 to-day. i
A— C. V. MILLER. World's famous materiallz-
.ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m.;-50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS.- J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical. clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. ?2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
EDWARD EARLE,- 328 Ellis; readings dally;
- phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
MRS. WINCHESTER 1C10 Clay — Circles Sun.
& Wed. at 8; Tues. 2 p.m.; consultation daily.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. business sittings daily.
1 1774 Fifteenth st., near Guerrero. •
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
. Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. __
OOc.'oOc. 50c, 50c. r>Oc AND ?1. $1, $1. $1. $!•
'PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE.
PROF. . WELLER. clairvoyant, scientific
palmist and card reader, $2. $:i, $5 and $10
readings reduced to 50c and $1. Tells you
all. from cradle to thegrave; danger, losses,
sickness can be averted, disaster turned to
success, despair to happiness, the troubled,
dissatisfied, unfortunate should seek his aid |
. and start; aright. There is no home so
dreary, no life so blighted, no heart so sad
' that he cannot restore happiness. Advice on
business speculation all love and domestic
troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, reunites
the separated, tells whom you will marry,
how to . win. the man or woman you love,
how. to overcome all enemies; gives full se-
cret how to control or influence any one you
love or meet. An examination made by
PROF. WELLER will point out the business,
trade or profession to which nature has
adapted you, which. If followed, will win
success. Hours 9 a. m. to 0 p. m. Readings
.by mall,. $1. Send date of birth and lock
of hair;. 12 questions. 1007% Market st,
near Sixth. San Francisco, Cal.
MME. Li. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 £Thlrd st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life -correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In. all affairs of life: 2oc
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
?l READINGS FOR 50c
Satisfaction Guaranteed.
MISS WILLE, 32GA Ellis street, the celebrated
clairvoyant and crystal seer, will give her
$1 00 readings this week for SOc. ; can be con-
sulted on all affairs of life: will give you the
, knowledge you seek; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 12o6 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future ;¦ never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gyp'sy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 0 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
— — . _____ .
DON'T fall to read of Ismar's warning to
one of her patrons ¦ on page 18 to-day.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. MALLORY, 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
MME, WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
MRS. COLBY, 1041% Valencia— Trance sittings
. daily, prior to her vacation March 22.
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific card
reader. 132 Sixth st., office 2.
MRS. JACQUE, trance, sittings; palmistry &
card reading; 25c & SOc. 300 5th St., r. 12.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, Egyptian clairvoyant;
accepts engage, priv. parties. 100S% Market.
MRS. B. Baumann, . well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c; gents SOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CARPET BEATING AND /CLEANING.
WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126..
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
CAFE NOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon River -points. CaU or write C. F.
MOORE. 035 Market St.. room 6.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st.: advice free. Tel. Bush
104; able body of attorneys.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. KING,
attorney. Examiner building, 6th floor.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
"~~ ' COT " rAGES TO ; L *F T .- ~
A SUNNY cottage. 3 rooms; newly pa'pered; $7.
700% Harrison st., rear. . "--
COTTAGES WANTED.
ARMY; 3C24, between San Jose ave. and Guer-
¦ rero st. — Cottage, 5 ropms and bath; rent $15.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T~ S. HIGGINS", Market st., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. ' < • .
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
'\ experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
leEsly; teeth without plates our speclalty;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 0 a. m. to 0 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
' SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50; flllings,50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full Bet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk fit.;
crown and bridge wcrk; gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. UR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S11 Polk st. f
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 00c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSjiAKER£TND~SEA^ISTRESSES
MpDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; fits ffuaxanteed;
$8 up. 769 McAllister st. •¦¦¦--
_ DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. d^g soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
;/"'_ . EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL 6^^LECTRlCAir_NGI^
JJEER1NG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. . . : . , ¦ •. .. ,
AYI Si' S ' Lead| nsr Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education: shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
¦ spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
•ii — Tno ™ u B h courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and ni_ht: catalogue free.
E3IPLOYi»lJ_WT WAXTED 7.1 ALE.
WANTED — Position by lumberman; had expe-
rience in all branches cf the business; is also
good accountant; had experience as manager '
six years: competent to take charge of busl-
• ness; city or country. Address box 4120, Call.
MAN, steady, experienced (34). handy with
horses, carpenter's, painter's and mason's
tools, -wants work anywhere. Address box
4115. Call office.
POSITION wanted — Young man want3 position
as porter in wholesale house: city references
r.s to character. Box 4121. Call office.
CARPEXTER (34). good all-around steady
man. wants work, day or Job, anywhere,
anything. Address box 4116.^Call office.
GARDKNER. English; practical; references.
Box 4114, Call office.
COACHMAN antl gardener. English; refer-
ences. Box 4113, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman; handy man about
place. Box StTjfi. Call. Oakland.
YOUNG Danisn~^rian and v.ife without chil-
dren want situations; man has good refer-'
ences for taking care of horses and for gar-
den work, and wife as chambermaid. Box
3742. Call office. (
INTELLIGENT man 34. wants position as va-
let attendant to sick gentleman ir house
steward on larse place: exceptional refer-
ences. Address Position. 26 Seventh £t.. S. F.
SOBER Swedish man of 2S wants work about
place: care of horses, cows and raise poultry.
Bcx 4110; Call office^ • '
GARDENER, first-class, wants position; ref-
erences. Box 4106. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German gardener wishes per-
manent situation. Address 1320 Jessie st^
JAPANESE bright schoolboy wants situation
in good private family; speaks fine English.
22 St. Mary St. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fiilmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. .
S-V FIXAyCIAL.
FAa£TC~Un^erwrlUn^^
have 42 offices in operation; new method or
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
' or address main office. 607-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.,326Post.
FLATS TO LET. s
A SUNNY upper flat, 3 rooms: newly papered;
?S. 653 Jjssie St., above Seventh.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat. 2502 Sutter St.,
corner Broderick: rent reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished modern five-room
flat for sale cheap. 647 Ellis st.
JONES lllt.nr. California — Sunny lower flat
of 4 large rooms, bath, nice yard; adults; $20.
FLAT, 6 rooms. $11: cottace, 4 rooms, $10.
Key 023 Second st.
FLAT, 4, rooms, $13. 210 Grove St.. between
Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 3007 Twenty-
fourth st.
GUERRERO. SOS— Cozy furnished fiat. S
rooms; no children: references; reasonable.
MODERN corner flat. 8 large sunny rooms and
attic. 1002 -Pagf st.
TO LET — Rear flat, 4 rooms. Inquire 418
Hyde st. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
J received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
FLATS. TO LET— FUHXISH— !U.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — Flats 4 _ 2 rms.. pan-
tries, closets, piano, garden $25, $15: 1 to 4.
FLATS WAXTED.
FURNISHED flat, 4 to 6 rooms, about the 15th.
by gentleman and daughter, a young lad> ;
rent must be moderate; good neighborhood.
MAJOR CLARK. 420 California st.
FLATS FOR SALE.
3 FLATS for sale; 6 and 7 rooms; also cottage
• of 5 rooms. Inquire 232 Pierce st. ; no agents.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
FOR sale at a sacrifice^ — Fine furniture of pri-
vate house, now in. storage; cash or install-
ments. Box 4125, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 80, with No. 1
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MISSION. 1839%— New furniture of 4-room
sunny flat; also flat to let; yard; reasonable.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat ror sale; almost
new; rent $12. 522 A Natoma st.
6 ROOMS, furnished, corner, all rented; also 2
good bicycles, a bargain. 874 Howard st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WQLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. _ F. BLACK suede glove; best in the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELr "WANTED FEMALE^
¦WANTED — Protestant cook. $30, and second
girl. $25, both same hoHsc; 2 dining-room
girls for institutions, $20; cashier, $7; 4
cooks, $30, $35; French second girl, Menlo
Park, 525; cook for 12 men at a mine, $30;
10 waitresses for city and country hotels,
$20, $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6. (T
week; 4 chambermaids, wait one meal, $20;
. second girl, San Rafael. $25; German cook,
$35; a large number of general housework
girls in nice families at $20, $25, $30, places
too numerous to advertise; call Monday early.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
LADIES! I make big wages and want all to
have the same opportunity; the work Is very
pleasant and will easily pay $18 weekly: this
23 no deception; I want no money and will
gladly send particulars to all sending stamp.
MRS. H. A. WIGGINS, Benton Harbor. Mich.
A GIRL for housework in small family; no
children: good home; wages $15. Apply be-
tween 11 a. m. and 1 p. m., 2103 Taylor st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED firm of this city can give
two experienced business women an oppor-,
tunity for lucrative employment. Box 415S,
CaU office. . . -
GOOD plain cook: 4 In. family: light house-
work; evenings and Sundays off; no washing;
wages $18. Apply from 10 until 2 p. m. Sun-
day at 301 Jones st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer;
state salary expected and give references;
answer In own handwriting. Box 4133, Call.
LADIES, cow letters, home: $4 to $6 weekly;
send stamped envelope. Monarch Supply Co.,
Dept. 114, Chicago.
NEAT girl for general housework; family of
S adults. CaU before 1 o'clock, 2700 Cali-
fornia st. ¦ : i
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; Inex-
perienced paid while learning. 9 Hill St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
( F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
SALESLADIES and makers for millinery; we
want the best and we will pay the highest
wages. 130 Sixth, St.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands for Jackets
and skirts. R. D. DAVIS & CO., corner
Geary st. and Grant ave.
MILLINERY — Wanted, good makers for steady
city position; salary $4 50. Box 4159, Call.
WJANTED — First-class laundress at 110 Cor-
bett ave. Call Monday.
WANTED — Assistant cashier. Apply between
» 8 and 0 a. m.. Swain's Bakery, 213 Sutter st.
WANTED — Young girl for plain cooking; small
family; wages $20. Call 1C15 Scott, bet. 0-2.
WANTED— Pants finisher; only first-class need
apply. 10OO Harrison St.. corner. Sixth.
A FEW!! tuckers on "ladles' shirt waists
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
EXPERIENCED makers on wire frames for
ladies' hats. TOPLITZ & CO:. 549 Market.
STRONG young girl for general housework'
$15. 203C San Jose ave.. Alameda.
WANTED— First class millinery saleslady
Apply between S and 11 a. m.. at Hale Bros!
GIRL for housework; sleep home if preferred
3704 22d St.; Castro-st. cars: wasrea Sio.
PEN-AND-INK artist, man \jr woman, to ea-
• tabllsh advertising agency. Box 4142. Call.
GIRL, to mind baby; wages 510: references
CaU Sunday or Monday at 013 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS waist finisher; also anTapDren-
tice. C10 .Ellis st.' **
MILLINERY apprentices and makers wanted
72-j Market st.
EXPEUIENCEiy-operator on skirts "and chil-
dren's wear; steady. J. I. WALSH. 20 cth.
EXPERIENCED operator 0^a7^t7~a^wrarZ
pera; steady; power. J. I. WALSH. 20 Sixth.
¦ Y ce2 N Fulton s?/ WaUIns *n.f^_nW work.'
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFF1C- cf The San Francisco
Cail. comer of Meriset and Third streets; open
until Ii o'clock every night in tho year.
BRANCH OKI'ICllS — 5"7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until lt:."0 p. m.
3O0 Hayea street; ci>en until !>:."0 i>. m.
033 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until !):30 V- ra.
1941 Ulastai street; cpen until 10 p. m.
2201 Market ureet. coiner Sixteenth: open
until l) i-.. m.
JO0 .—Ievr.nth street: npea until f> p. m.
1<X«C Valencia street; OOeO until U p. m.
Northwest corner Tv.-enty-rcvcond and Ken-
tucky streets; open ur.ti! 0 p. m.
Fi'.ln-.cr.? street; open until 0 p. m.
en iincii services:
A UNION B__e-aaee_B£ under the auspices of
the Young Men's C— rift— in Association, rew
res-cnting all the city chuft.h«*. will be held
et the First Congregational c'hurc!;, Poi-t and
Mason Ms., to-day, at •'• o'clock, fhorl ad-
dresses by the Mayor of the city, several city
clergymen and Lut-inets men. Singing by a
. m:ilc chorus and polos by Mr. Harry H. Barn-
hart. Mr. Samufl 1J. Mayor \iill preside at
the orean. sweats free to all. both men and
women. All the chinches will unite i:i this
Ber\1<*.
PIttST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ncfs ave. ami >acraai<?nto st. — Services at 11
a. m. and 7:3U p. m. Kev. William Kirk
OuthrK- will jireafh both. morning and even-
inp. t=unuay->clK>ol at 12:45 p. m.; Christian
JCndeavor M o:15 p. m. ; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at ti o'cK>ck. All are cotilialiy
invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia a.nd Octavia st*. — Uev. John Hemphill,
D.U., pastor. Hev. iJeo. G. Kldrod^e. asso-
ciate pastor. Dr. Hemphill will preach at 11
a. m. Toric. "The Working God and the
Working Man." and at the Second-st. Mis-
Fion, 7:30 p. m.. Mr. EldredgB will preach.
Topic, "The Value of Our Thought of God."
Morning: Sabbath-school. 10 o'clock; after-
noon Sabbath-school, 12:30 o'clock. Y. P. S.
C. _., 0:30. Wednesday evening prayer meet-
ing. £ o'clock. All are cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church < First). ~SW. cor. Geary
• nd Franklin sts. — Kev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Hev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emeri-
tus; Chas. A. Murdock, supt. of Sunday-
school. The Sunday-school is at 10 o'clock;
ihe morning service is at 11 o'clock. Rev.
Mr. l_»ln_nore of the . Second Church will
Jjivacli. Music by quartet and chorus. H.
iiretherlck. organist and director. Bible
class under leadership of Prof. Bacon at 10
a. m. All are cordially invited. .There is no
evening tervice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp and
Twentieth sis.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. minis-
tar. Suniiuj -school at »:15 o'clock. 'Ihe morn-
ing Bftmoo will be preached by Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. In the evening Mr. Diutmore will
trive Ins second lecture on novel themes, the
being Zola's "Lourdes, or; The Delu-
sion of Miraculous Healing." The usual mu-
Kiml c_erc_«a will be rendered under the di-
re.-tlon of Mr. Wm. Wertsch Jr.
FIR^T Congngational Church, corner Post and
Mason ¦£_ — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
1'aMor, will preach at buth services. At 11
a. m., topic, "Tho Circle of Life." At 7:30
p. ra., topic, "The Deluge, Fact or Fiction?"
All are cordially invited.
PARK f'or.srregational Church. 1019 Haves st.,
near Central ave. — The pat-tor, Prof. It. R.
Lloyd, will preach morning and evening.
Morninx subject, "Every Believer a Preach-
rr." Communion and reception of members
at niornins service. Evening subject, " At a
Hanquet With :»t. Paul, or; Foreknowledge,
Kort-oidinEtion, Calling and Election." S. S.
*:id Prof. I_oyd*a Bible class at 1:1:30. C. E.
e : «i:;W. Sfpeeial music by the choir and male
quartet, under the leadership of Mrs. Jessie
Dean Moore.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, :S415 Jackson et. :
telephone Jackscn 1941. 11 a. m.. sermon
theme. "Endurance as a Virtue"; 7:45 p. m.,
lecture; subject, "PublicatiE and Pharisees."
Mr. Frank Beasom will sing the barytone
folo. "The Publican." Sunday-school. 8:45
a. m. C. E. Society, C:4o p. m. Scats free.
A cordial welcome for every one.
TRINITY Church, ccr. Bush and Gough sts.—
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday-school,
y :'-H> a. m. ; mcrning service, 11 o'clock.
Fourth of series of Lenten services by rector,
"Paul belore Felix." Evening prayer and
eermon by assistant at 4 o'clock. People's
oue-hour service, S p. m. Hearty music by
the lull choir and congregation. AH seats
iree. Scr.non by rector. "Paul Before Agrlp-
pa." Frederick W. Clampett.
CENTRAL Church, Mission st.. between Sixth
and .Severth— Pastors, Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbeit F. Briggs. 11 a. m., sermon; 12:45
p. m., Sunday-school. Rolla V. Watt, super-
intendent; 6:15 i>. m.. Societies of Christian
Endeavor; 7:.iO p. m., concert. Programme:
Organ voluntary (Smart); anthem. "Unto
The*-, O Lord" (Brown); orchestral section,
under Chas. E. Robson; Boprano solo, "Abide
With Me" (Shelley), Mrs. Alice E. Cramer;
violin solo (Bohm), Chas. E. Robson. 8 p. m.
eermon — second in the series on "The Story
of the Bible." Topic. "The Beginning of the
Bible." Roscoe Warren Lucy, organist and
choirmaster. The seats are free and the peo-
ple are welcome.
SIMPSON* Memorial Methodist ' Episcopal
<"hurch, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
JZt-v. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. en "Kept in the Love of God." and
at 7:-;0 p. m. will give the first of a series
on "The Life of Christ in the Light of Mod-
ern Thought." Excellent music by large
«-hoir. I. E. Blake, director. Seats free.
All Invited. Sunday- school at 12:45 p. m.
lip^orth League at 6:30 p. m.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St.. near
Tv.r nty-tecond — Morning, 11 o'clock preach-
ing by Rev. J. George Gibson. Subject, "By
the Grace of God." Evening service 7:30.
Fubject. "Christ the King." Barytone solo.
"Daybreak" «Pinsuti) by Dr. Gibson.
CATHEDRAL Mission. Second and Folsom
'*-*• — Rev. J. P. Turner, priest In charge.
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Morning prayer
*ni perrnon, 11 o'clock. Evensong, con-
firmation and sermon by Rt. Rev. W. F
K'ichoU. D.D., Bishop of California, 7:43
o'c'.'^ck.
BIS VKJCTH Day Adventist Church. 914 Laguna
Bt.. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by the
jastor. Elder W. S. Sadler. Subject, a study
of "<iiip<? in Grac Always in Grace." A
enrdiai invitation is extended to all. Seats
free.
FTRKT Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
bli'-k. _3.'{ Sutter st.. between Kearny anri
<jrant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. rt:.: subject of lesson-sermon. "Sub-
Ftanoc." Sunday school for children at tho
sanif- hour. Wednesday evening meeting at
S o'clock. Free reading rooms. 20C Kearny
rt.. rooms 50".i-510. All are welcome.
EMMASl'EL- Church of God. For the peo-
ple, non-sectarian. evangelical. Services
<-vrry Sunday in Scottish 'lower) Hall. 117
Larkin St.. opposite City Hall, at 3 p. m.
Preaching by the Rev. C. Brett Morgan. Seats
fr*>c.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver a lecture
In Golden Gat» Hall. «25 Sutter et.. at 7:45
o'clock to-night, on "The Fatherhood of
<;od." Orchestral music by Mr. Browne's
LadieS* Orchestra at 7:30 o'clock. Doors
<-p«-n at 7:K>. ! Further announcement will be
ni2dc concerning the Cnity Club and an op-
portunity given to those who desire to unite
with H.
THH ThfioFophical Society- — Public lecture to-
nijjM in Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
by Mr.s. W. J. Walters. Subject. "Proofs of
Reincarnation." Inquirers' class. Sunday.
'11:30 a. m. Children's group, the "Golden
Chain." Sunday. 11 :30 a. m. Public meet-
ings Tuesday evening at S and Thursday
r.fternoon 2:30. Lending library open dally
from 1 to 4 p. ra.
TKE Thcosophical Society, Golden Gate Lodg».
'. Public lecture to-night. 8 o'clock, at 809
Market st.. room 11 (Flood building). Sub-
J«rt. "Training the Mind," by Dr. Will C.
Bailey.
W3ETISCS— SUNDAY.
A A — DR. JOHN "~A"'KI2RGAN~le^eTuTes~Thi«
«-v»ning at Costal Hall. Pythian Castle, 809
Markft St.: robject. "Eatinar to Live." fol-
I'.n'cl by views of viplt to British Museum:
sea's frcs; no -collection; remember ques. bcx.
A— TESTS. 0C".» Market, rear hall: 11. free; 2-3.
10<-: Swan. Maxwell, Wrtnn, Martin, Brown.
A— *T~FKTS. rort Market st,. front hall: 11. free;
2-H. Hv; Wilson. Sceley; dance Mar. 11. 10c.
Siiin. YOUNG'S c?monstratlon of spirit return
W-niiht, i'<;5 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
K. HT'rsSMAN and Mrs. M. Bird. Wednesday
ttv*-. Igth.* tplritual meeting. 117 Larkln: 10?.
PROGRESSU'E Spiritualists. 305 Larkin: Mar.
Q. 7:-'<0 p. m. Mr». R. S. T^illie. speaker : free.
A— NOW l^cturr. "Pain." Henry Harrison
H"»'ii. Odd Fellows' bldg.. S p. m.: music.
Kn& STODDARD'S convincing test circles.
1"". Hunday. Tuesday; read, daily. 278 9th.
TV. G. KEKGAN holds spiritual meeting every
nipfct <s. Saturday; admission 10c. 118 Sixth.
MUS. KL6IE REYNOLDS, materializing se^
a nee Sunday eve., rCe. VSZt El! is St.
BAPLE fiate writing to-night. 328 Ellis «t.
C. V. MILLKR'S mat»rfaJl7.lnc esanca-io-nieht*
R o'clock: 50c. 10*4 Bush St. /^
A rjItAXCII office for Call advertisements and
rij!jsrr!t>tior.s has been* established at 10:»6
YnVneia rt. »;;'• .
MKETISGS — L'nlverrial Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
fi'ic'ety— Sp^t-ial public meeting to-night, 8
o'clorft. at H10 O'Farrell H_: address by J II
T"i:f«-:i (private sof-reiary to Katherine Ting-
J-*>vV direct from Point I*oma; all Invited;
rpc-'.Mal meeting for members only, 1:30 p. m.'
lmjHjrtant; March 13, at 8:15. p. in.. "Dra-
__tic Presentation and Entertainment."
MEETING NOTICES. . _ -..___
ABOU E]£N' ADI JEM Lodce No. <££*«_?...
112, I. O. O. F.— Members here- ~^L^^S^
hy notifiod -to attend funsrnl of r£Z>~*g£?
our late Brother, E. N. "WOOD. "'' r '^
SUNDAY. l^Ul'i r. m.. from ludseroom.
. L. II. K'ACFFU.VU. N. G.
FAST Grains' AEBpclntJcnj I. O.
O. F. — The regular 1 quarterly _5?23P!_i
meeting will bo heid- In Fra-
IcrnsrH.i!!, I. O. O. F. build- &*?£
ir.g. on FRIDAY n.-xt. March 14, at 8 p. m.
1'ivcei-dlngs arc expected to be of an un-
usunl!y Inrrr^Etinr nature and a full at-
tendance in requested.
F. _. -TURPIX, President.
\V. T. WEBB, Secretary.
MEMBERS of the St. Andrew's So- > <3p> < .
rlety and frienUs of Die late 2V, kMwj
ALEXANDER MacDONALD are '"KjvXxtf
renuestert to attend his funeral on fc c3 t *
SUXOAT. in a m., from the rooms of the
society, 117 I.arkin st.
JAMES ROI>PH JR., President.
GEO. ST. JOHN' BREMNER. Sec.
SOCIETE Francaise de Blenfaisance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevok-nt Society) — The
preliminary annual meeting will be held
SUNDAY, March 0. 1002. at 1 :.'!0 o'clock
p. m.. at Native Pons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
X. I!. — Only members provided with their
book in good «=ton<Ung will be allowed to of-
fer any proposition or take part In votes or
debate. ' A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
fflved applications to mine by the hydraulic
yrocefi- from J. M. Longnecker, in the Taylor
<"la;m ami Hull Claim Mines, near Genessee,
Piumas Co.. to depoFit tailings in Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., In
th?ir mine near Lincoln. Placer Co., to de-
posit tailinsrs In a dry swale below the mine,
gives notice that n. meeting will be held at
room D4. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on March 24. 1002, at 1:30 p. m. .
NOTICE to Stockholders. Market Street Rall-
n-ay Company — The Union Trust Company of
Fan Francisco is authorized to receive until
next SATURDAY, March 15th, 1302, for de-
posit all and any shares of the stock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
Fame terms and conditions on which It now
holds more than three- fourths of the capi-
tal stock of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for tho sale
of said 6hare*.
I. W. HELLMAN .TR._ Cashier.
San Francisco. Maroli 7th. 1902.
TO the stockholders of the Mercedes Oil and
Development Co. — Notice is hereby given that
the annual meeting of the stockholders of
th» Mercedes Oil and Development Company
will be held at the office of the company,
1015 Claus Spr»ckelp bid?., San Francisco,
Cal.. on the 10th of March. 1002, at 6 p. m.
By- the board of directors.
J. C. H. F.P WARDS. S»crPta.ry.
ADOPTION.
A BOY baby, 7 days old, for adoption: also a
boy and a fdrl 2 months old. EMILIE
FUXKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
A GENTLEMAN or lady who can reaeh people
with money to invest in a company owning a
mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore, su-
perior to the "Treadwell" mine of Alaska:
dividends will run a lifetime, beginning 3
manths after mill starts. If you\wlsh to rep-
resent or invest in a fine proposition call at
or write to room 412, Parrott building, San
Frar.cisco. Cal., for full particulars.
WANTED — Agents, $50 week and expenses;
sample free; greatest money-making inven-
tion of age; automatic washer; does washing
in'.'SO minutes without labor or attention;
cheaper than any other machine; indestructi- i
ble; everybody buys; agents coining money;
write to-day for sample and agency. Auto-
matic Washer Co., Station U, Chicago.
START a mail-order business — We tell how,
furnish catalogues, circulars, etc.. and place
ads in 40 different magazines on credit: par-
ticulars free. CHICAGO SPECIALTY CO.,
134 Van Buren st.. Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Prospects for the present year
with test sketch of life, by an expert predic-
tlonist; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, box 5238. Boston. Mass.
HOUOSCOPES cast: future predicted: reading?
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor fet.
ATTORNEYS AT UW. '.
R W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no .advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICK free; divorces a specialty; quick: quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. l>27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all case«. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Maiket et.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Bt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BASEMENTS TO LET.
A— NEAR Market 6 t. ; large roomy store; con-
crete basement: splendid opportunity. SPECK
& CO.. C67 Market st.
BICYCLES For Snle or Eichaoee.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; ewell-
est thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch.oth-
ers; repairing, bellp, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. _ DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds: gold fish, pet stock,
rages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 151C Market st..bet.8th& 9th.
I HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
NTJRSE wishes childern at lowest terms: large
6unny yard:phone: nr.school. 1007 California.
HOOKS SBW ASDOLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard Ifl48.
UUSINESS CHANCES.
A RESTAURANT north of Market doing fine
business; present owner going East; must be
sold at once. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st. '
A~LODGING-HOUSE on Market, clearing $180
a month; fine furniture: 5Vi years' lease;
rooms all rented; $3000. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A SALOON on prominent corner; 6 years' lease;
well stocked; must be sold; $2000. ROHLFS
CO., 41 Third st.
A HALF-INTEREST in best livery stable in
Mission: 3 years' lease. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
A — SALOON on Third St., close .to Market; 2
ytars' lease; fine fixtures: $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third St.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market 6t., fine-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
A — BAKERY with 11 rooms attached: present
owner been there 16 years: all utensils for
baking; $1250. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St.
A — WHOLESALE and retail liquor store on 3d
St.; stock will invoice $2500; cheapest rent on
ttreet: want partner. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A— $2U'; PARTNER wanted; light indoor busi-
ness, suited to plain, steady man, satisfied
with $75 to $100 month. For particulars see
STRAND &.CO., 209 Kearny st.
A — 10 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $0 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES. 401-462 Parrott building.
WANTED — Active business man to buy half
interest In old-established wholesale and re-
tail California wine house; capital required
$2000; strictest investigation invited. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary St., room 4.
A SPLENDID opportunity: a good paying
drug 3tore; well stocked, and physician's of-
fices adjoining; in a populous district of San
Francisco; for sale at ?3000; the drugs, fix-
tures and income are worth more than $5000
a year; the owner — a physician — is going
abroad. AddreES box 4155, Call office.
IF you are seeking tafe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus or the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited .number of shares at $100 each. N.
S. HAND, Secretary, 113 Stockton st.
$5 11 PROFIT paid on each share since Decem-
bcr 1, 1901. If you want good-paying, -safe
investment, shares $10 each, dividends pay-
able semi-monthly, send for circular. STER-
LING _ CO.. 500 Liberty building, New York;
mention paper.
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fix-
tures for pale or rent; opposite railroad depot '
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
Paso Robles. Cal.
$UT»CO WILL buy a first-class grocery without
bar. including horse and wagons; established i
12 years. Box 4406, Call office. j
WANTED— Partner with $500 to travel with '
moving- pictures and illustrated songs; will
clear $200 per month. Box 4172. Call.i «*¦
P.EAL estate and business chance office for
sale: rent $12 50: large space at foot of I
stairs: fine location. 921 Market Et. |
SALOOX and property for sale. Call at i
CAMPE CO., 221 Frcnt st.
BAKER'S complete outfit, almost new, at
about half price. Box 4133. Call office.THE SAK FRA^^
37
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
I EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
038 MARKET ST.
'AUCTION! ' ' ¦
AUCTION!
AUCTIONl . •>
TUESDAY a' . . March 11, 1002
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market St.,
12 O'clock Noon... *
GOUGH-ST, CORNER MANSION. . \
' Northeast corner (No. 1 1100) Gough and Ellis
sts. ; a fine, large, elegant modern residence
14 rooms, finished attic; modern plumbing, etc.;
sun and light in every room; corner lot. 55x
103:1%..;;. : [{\ - . V--; .¦¦/:: • \ ¦:,'.-. -•>/: l-.V. : '
DOWN TOWN IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side of Sherwood st. (Nos. 9 to 16A in-r
elusive), 100 east of Third st. ' and ¦ north side
of Natoma stl (Nos. 20-22). 140: feet east of
Third st.; ten tenements i in good condition,
renting for $912 per annum and always rented;
this property has a frontage of 60 feet orr Sher-
wood Bt. and a frontage of 20 feet on Natoma.
and being 110 feet in depth.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
South side of O'Farrell St.. 163:6 feet .east
of Larkin; a fine lot suitable for high class
flats; only 10 minutes'. walk from Market st. ;
if ¦ property Improved - will pay 12 per cent ;
present old improvements rent - for $50 per
month; lot 25x137:6 feet. . : ,
- BRTANT-ST. CORNER. ,,
* Northeasterly corner of Bryant st. and Stan-
ley place, east of Second St., Nos. 836-338-340-
342 Bryant st. ; Nos. 37-45-47 Stanley place,
and' Nos. 1-2-3 Stanley court; store ana three
cottages on Bryant St., two-story house and two
flats on Stanley place, two flats and cottage on
Stanley court; bringing • in a rental of $1404
per annum; corner lot 87:6x100 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
South side (No. 1979) O'Farrell st., 87:6 feet
east of Scott: modern, well-built house 6 rooms
and bath; key lot, 27x49 feet." ¦ , .
BRANNAN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Southeast line (Nos 409A to 409B) Brannan,
75 feet west of Third st. ; new modern three-
story frame building containing a store with
6 rooms and two flats, 9-6 rooms and bath; lot
30:6x75 feet.
''¦¦'¦ PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1077) Page St., 82:6 feet
east of Broderick; modern residence, 8 rooms
and porcelain bath, etc.; key lot, 25x87:6 feet.
SEVENTH-ST IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (No. 547) Seventh St.. 275 feet
south of Bryant; improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 25x85 feet.
- — ALSO
East side (Nos 551-553) Seventh St.. 300 feet
south of Bryant; improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 25x85 feet. .; -
MISSION BUSINESS LOT. " .
West side of Church st., 57 feet north of
Twenty-sixth; fine large lot; level and ready
for building EL DKIDG E & CO..
* ' , rcs Market et.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
«%OOQ^leg»t corner on one^of £, best
' ; Market; Improved with stores, flats,
e to • in fine condition; present low
rentals pay $3600 per annum;, could
be further increased; grand corner lot,
3 frontages; 82:6x120 feet.
$18 BOO— Three new flats of 8-9-10 rooms and
* 'bath on Ellis st.. near Van Ness aye.;
rents $1830 per annum; lot 27:6x137:6
feet. ,->M "
$18 250— Six brand new modern flats, nearly
completed; every luxury, and conveni-
ence- rents $2000 per annum; j near
Hyde-St. car;, lot 55x137:6 feet.
$30,000— Rents $2640 per annum; 4 elegant
swell modern flats of 9 and 10 rooms,
¦ ' bath and finished basement and attic;
W" Ellis et., near Gough; lot 55x100 feet.
$g 000— Three new modern flats on the best
part of Ashbury St.; rents $870 per
annum; these are gilt-edge flats rented
to first-class tenants; lot 25x106:6 feet.
$7 000 Pays $840 per annum; & fine well-
built flats, 6-6-6 rooms and bath; on
Post st.; always rented; lot 27:6x110
feet. ¦ ¦• . . . ¦ ¦ »
' $7,000 — Handsome modern residence 9 rooms
and bath, high basement; sanitary
plumbing,' etc.; could easily be re-
modeled into swe.ll flats; lot 25x137:6
feet; mortgage $4000 at 6 per cent.
$6,250 — Four well-built modern flats;. 5 years
old on best part of Ashbury Heights;
light and sunny; rents $768 per annum,
or over 13 per cent. .
- $6,000^ — Two modern up-to-date' flats of 6-G
rooms and bath; present low rent $000
per. month; should pay $720; Clayton
st., near Haight; lot 25x125 feet..
$6,000 — Two-story modern residence 8' rooms
'• and ¦ bath on - north » side of • • • Sacra-
mento st.. near Steiner; fine -lot 26x
103 feet. ..;•• . . .
$5,750 — Must be sold at once; make oVcer; cor-
ner on Jones st., near Jackson: graded
and ready for building; splendid site
for 4 flats; a snap for a builder; lot
e0xll2 feet. .
$5,150— Seven well-built flats of 4-3 rooms on
Langton st, near Harrison;' rents $648
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.'
$3,600 — Cozy home 6 rooms and bath and 3
finished rooms In attic; well-built,
brick foundation, eta ; near Park Pan-
handle; lot 25x80.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., V
638 Market st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
. 22 Montgomery street.
$8,500 — Rents $978 per annum; 3 fine flats of
(5, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each; Jack-
eon st.. Pacific Heights; a first-class
investment.
$2,100— Corner of Francisco and Jones sts.; 5
lots, only 10 steps from Montgomery
ave.; $2100 for all.
$8,000— Rents' $75; 2 flats, north side Sutter;
. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 84x100.
$23,000 — Rents $130; Hyde St., near Geary; 50x
87:6; good Improvements; grand loca-
tion for lodgingr-house or apartment-
house. . • • ' . , ... (
$25,000— Leavenworth St., near Clay; 77:6.x
137:6; elegant Improvements; $21 GQ per
annum; tenants pay water and repairs.
$ll,500-^Rents $1080 per annum; 50x80 and 3
. fine 2-story bay-window houses; mod-'
1 em and up to date; Guerrero st., near
Seventeenth. • ' . .
$2,500-^-Very cheap lot; Scott st., west side,
between Hayes and Fell;. only 1 black
from Alamo square; street accepted:
. ' size 25x100.. ; *
$24,000 — Rents $155 per month; good Improve-
1 thent: choice , business corner; 86x80;
best business street in the Mission!'
.$13,000 — Rents $1320 per annum; .marine view;
. * flats of 6, 7 and 0 rooms and bath
each; new. modern,- up to date; kitch-
£ en in the middle of the house; dining-
room finished in-quartered oak; hard-
wood floors; these renta can be In-
creased to $130 per month.
$45,000 — Grand piece of inside property;- 2 cor-
• ners and 3 frontages; over 250 feet of
frontages; good bullding;'renting about
$250 per month; a choice investment.
$50,000 — Rents $5000 per annum; splendid new
' "improvements inside or Hyd«' >t, near
' Sutter; large lot; get . particulars and
see this grand investment.
$7,000-^-Pre6ldio Heights; marine view; north-
west corner lot, 47:0x110; very cheap.
HAWKS & SKELTON, '
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
. -of Property. • '
. $11,000— Business property; Sacramento - st.,
near Drumm;.rent nominal; win rent well if
improved. • ..... ....
' $G250^-Octavla et., near Broadway; "modern
house, 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood. ¦ ' • ¦ ¦.
$11,500 — Geary-st. investment, near Octavia;
large lot; Improved; rented low, $930 per, an-
num; lot worth the price; choice location for
1 modern flats. - -- .-.¦¦¦ . .
#35Uu — North 'side Sutter st., between Baker
and Lyon; good house,- 7 rooms and bath.'
$4000y-Lot on Leavenworth St., near Green;
50x00; close. to Hyde or Union st. cam; will
pay well If Improved,
$8100-r^Lot on south side of • Chestnut st.,
west of Hyde;-27:(ixllO: fine view of bay. . «
$3500^ — Lot on Greenwich . st., 1 - near Hyde;
4Sxi:i7: superb view of bay. ' .. ...
$2000 — Lot on Fourth ave., near Point Lobos ;
00x120;. street sewered, >macadimljsed; win di-
vide; make offer. • / .
$IS500— -Lot on south side of Jackson st, near
Walnut? 50x100; near cars and Presidio.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$2850 SAVED WITHIN 9 YBAHs! ' . .'V-
Another renter free from the landlord's yoke:
sold 5 room and bath house on Twenty-third
Et. for rent money.' ; , ; ..¦
One more .-left 5 '.0 room and bath house on
Alvarado st., near Douglass; rent money will
buy.it; also two new 0 room -and bath houses
opposite: Valencia st. .terminus. Come.quick,
before they are gone. ¦
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117. Sutter at.'
REAL ESTATE ADVANCING-.': • ;
$1000 each— Two lots left for sale on Forty-
ninth ave., fronting boulevard, Ocean Beach-
will be worth $5000, ' . , • -s,..y.\
Lots $400 to $500 on J st. and Forty-eighth
ave.,- Ocean Beach.
• Three lots on McAllister st., near Stanyan! •
•Lots on Twenty-second st., Heyman tract. .
$150^ — Lots '.-near ; Ocean- House, Drexler's
Palace and. near Boulevard;- $5 down and $3 50
• monthly. ¦•¦¦• . ¦ . '••, ' .. . •,...¦: :"
$5(MBeautif ul , Alvln • tract lots, . Elmhurst—'
25x125; $5 down and $1 monthly.- j ¦ -, .. ¦ >'
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. .117 Sutter St.'
$16,000—3 MODERN 9-room houses, O'Farrell
st., near in; r>. r >xl.'i7; rent $110; offer wanted
, Box 4413, -Call office., ;, ¦-,.;.,.;. '.-,..""•
$8500— PROMINENT corner; -transfer- point;
- store and 2 flats, renting $85 per month- new
, building.' J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st:
A CORNER; 75x80, Junction Market and Do-
lores, $ 33.0OO. E. A. K.. Dlmond. CaL •-
REAL ESTATE-— CITY~FOn, SALE/
BALDWIN >& HOWELL,
¦- : , ,10. Montgomery Street.
$6,750 — Splendid marine view, modern, East-
• • lake 2-story and basement residence,
containing , 9 rooms, bath, laundry.
etc.; only 2 years built; original cost
$9000; vicinity of Clay and Laurel sts.
$20.000 — O'Farrell st, inside of Larkin; splen r
did building site for apartment house:
lot 50x137:6; excellent exposure; key
lot; present frame buildings- pay $90
per monthj properlyjmproved will pay
,8 Der cent net. j .
$14,000— California St., north, sunny side, near
Hyde Et. ; no better renting location ;
new, modern building of 3 separate
flats; rents $1200 per annum; large
mortgage reason for., selling; offer will
¦ probably be entertained.
$6,000— Only ?1000 cash; rents pay the bal-
. ance in monthly installments; 2 . new
fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
gas range, electric lights and , all
modern conveniences: marine view;
rents $52 50 per month; Hyde-st. cars
pass the property, •
$.4,000^ — Castro St.. near 21st.; 2-story modern
home; tf rooms and bath; lot 25:4x105;'
a cheap home; terms can be arranged.
$5,150 — Steiner-st. business property: vicinity
of car house, on Turk st. ; store and 5
living rooms below, -flat above- of. 6
rooms and bath; rent $492 per year. •
$2S,000— Northeast business corner, within .2
blocks of Powell and Market sts. ;
frame building of stores, lodging-
house of 27 rooms and ¦ flats: rents
$2340 per annum; extra large lot; con-'
tainlng 8000. square feet; a splendid
Investment. •
JG.500 — Rents S66 . per month: lot 50x104; 2
frame houses in separate flats; large
lot: splendid income; Mission warm
. belt, 22d Bt. :
$9,500 — Broadway, sunny side; lot 27:8x137:0;
house of 9 rooms, bath, basemenY,' bil-
liard room, servant's room, laundry,
etc.; splendid residence location;
cheapest home offered on the street.
$8,500 — Rents. ?78 per month; newly Improved
corner on Bryant St.; lot 55x80; 3 sep- ;
. arate stores and flats;, property in the
best of condition; sold -to close up an
estate; worth investigating at once.
$3,250 — Only $500 cash, balance to suit your 1
own convenience in small monthly
payments, same as your rent; entirely
new 2-story cottage house of 6 room3,
bath, basement, etc. ; brick j founda-
tion; cement sidewalk; house; just
completed; excellent marine view;
Hyde-et cars pass the property. ¦
SUNSET LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
On the H-st. electric car and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nine- .
teenth-ave. Boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades; macad-
amised; plank sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice.
Call at once at our branch office, open
week days, Sundays and holidays., cor-
ner H st. and Ninth ave., south of
Golden Gate Park, and ask to be j
shown these beautiful lots.' 'Full par-
ticulars and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN &¦ HOWELL, \
10 Montgomery, st
$250 AND UPWARD. - ,
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER.
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works, Tubbs
Cordage Factory, . Sugar Refinery and lands
purchased by Santa Fe Railroad, located on
Twenty-third, Missouri,, Texas, Mississippi,
Indiana and Minnesota Bts.
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take Third-st. car, get off at Kentucky & 23d.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, >
10 Montgomery gt.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
518 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. .
27:6x137:6 — N. line Turk, near Taylcr.
$16,000 — Vallejo St., near Mason: 3S:3^>x
1S«:6 with L 39:2J£x76:6; 6 front and llrear
fiats; rents $150.
$10,250 — Cor. 3d and Harrison; 20x57:6; store
and flat; rent $G5. / .1
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear st.;
house of 0 rooms and 2 rear flats; rents $64.
$7500 — Cor. 20th and Dolores; 77:6x105; old
Improvements.
I $8230 — Hayes St., near Buchanan; 27x05; 3
flats; rents $t>7.
i; $6750 — Green, nr. Dupont; 20x137:6;, new 3-
story building and rear house; rents $66.
$5750 — Broderick, near Jackson; 25x112:6;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
$5000 — Union place, near Green St.; 20x58:9;
2 houses; rent $41.*
$5000 — Leavenworth St., near. Union; 25x
112:6; 3 new flats; rent $53. . . .
$4750- — Mason near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 50. .
$1500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31. -. l -
$4250— Fell, near Devisadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms end bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$17,000^ — Sansome, nr. Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137:6.
Corner Buchanan and Pine, 65x81:3: 2 lots.
$S000 — Green, near Polk; 80x115. j
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5250— Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6s
102:8%.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.; 200
$3500 — Fulton St., near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
Corner 25th and Point Lobos; 48:6x100.
•3000 — Clay, near Lyon: 27:6x100; key lot.
$2500 — Stelner near Waller; 25x91:6.
$2000 — Elizaheth near Diamond; 51:8x114.
$1300 per lot— Bryant ave., nr. 26th; 2 lots,
each 20:8x100.
$1000— Sanchez, near "Eighteenth; 25x105.
$900 per lot— York, nr. 2tith; 2 lots, each 26:8
$85 a front foot—^Mission." nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 Iot3, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. t *. -
CENTER & SPADER.
, REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
RENT COLLECTORS.
11 Montgomery St., Lick House Block
$55,000 — Choice northwest corner on Golden
Gate ave.'; well Improved; rented for $310 per
month: large lot, 87:6x95.
$11,000 — Rents $85; choice investment on Post
st.. near Jones; particulars at office.
$16,500— Rents $1CO; Brannan st.. near Ttyrd;
2 frontages; well improved; streets paved' and
accepted; lot 40x197; very cheap.
$20 O00--Eddy at., near Van Ness ave.; 3
modern flats. 9 rooms each; elegantly finished;
renting for $170: 27:0x120.
Two bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$31; lot 25x117 to rear street; only $3500.
$3000— Rent $36; 4 flats on Ritch St., near
Folsom; 25x75; owner must sell. •. ' . . •
$10,000 — Fulton st., near Devlsadero; 2 hand-
some up-tO-date flats of 8 rooms each; rents
$85; lot 30x137:0.
$1600 — Hayes St., near Masonic ave.; choice
lot, 25x137:6; very cheap.
$1200 — Half block in the University Tract;
200x24.0; must be sold. ¦
$000 — Large lot, 50x175; fronting on Cofbett
road and Falcon ave. ; accessible to cars; level
and ready to build on. '.
$300 — Lots, 25x110, in College Homestead; a
few Eteps from MiBslon-st. cars.
$2650 — Snap; 2-story house, 6 rooms; large
lot, 30x122:6; lot wor^h price asked.
We are offering the block on-Folsom and 20th
sts. and Treat ave. in subdivisions of 25x95 and
25x122:6 for sale on easy terms; one-third cash,
balance on mortgage at 6 per cent interest.
We have several good blocks and larger cor-
ner lots In Mission and Potrero suitable for
factory purposes; send or call for particulars...
$3750 — Choice -lot with old Improvements; on
Post st., near Scott, renting for. $25 per month;
lot 25x87:6. CENTER & SPADER.'
A FEW BARGAINS OFFERED BY
F. B. SURRYHNE,
• . 138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,500—^Northeast corner, near Haight and
¦ Fillmore; S new modern flats renting
for $72 50 per month, which la low;
contain porcelain tubs and are strict-
ly up to date; sunshine till you can't
rest ¦ ¦
|3,70O-^Near Sutter and Lyon sts. ; 2-story
modern house, 7 rooms and bath;, lot
25x119; this price hag been reduced
. from $4250 to make . quick eale and
only $500 needed. ' , '
$8,000-r-Want an offer; 2 flats, 5 and C rooms-
rents $52 50 per month; lot 50x10(5
feet, 25 feet of which is vacant; this
property Is close to McAllister and
Central ave,
$11,500— Near Haight and Pierce Bts. ; 3 new
modern flats; rents $100 per month-
lot 25x100. . . .
$7,000— Near Haight and Scott sts. ; 2 new
modern flats; rents $00 per month:
lot 25x150. , ' '.
$7,000 — Near Haight and Buchanan; 2 new
* modern flats; rents $00 per month.
$8,500— BlggeEt bargain In a residence offered
in this, city; brand new modern dwell-
ing of 12 rooms and 2 baths; right up
. to . date In every particular; under
.leaso at $70 per month; Central ave.,
. near Haight St. .
$12,500— Three new modern flats, renting for
. $110 per month; Larkin st. , > •
f I guarantee that all the above properties are
as advertised. . - ' . .* .- .. , .
A GILT EDGE SNAP. ""T^
Kearny at., corner, south of California; 75x
(!8; price $155,000; add a 7. or 8 story build-
ing to: cost $175,000 and it' will bring, in a
monthly rental of about $2750; 6 per cent on
$550,000 on less than $350,000 invested; there
Is nothing else like this going. G. Q. CO..
514 Pine st. \
$5000 — NEW 8-room colonial residence: attic
and basement finished: N.E. corner Eighth
ave. and Lake st. ; lot 50x72. ' ;¦ _ v "
$11,500—3 NEW flats, Page Bt.; rent $120;
pays 12 per cent net. Pox 4416, Call office.
$G500— 2 : MODERN flats: 25x137; 6-7 rooms;
rent $50; Clay, near Polk. Box 4417. Call.
I REAL ESTATE-^COUyTRY— For Sale
$12,000—23 'ACRES; splendid home site for.
wealthy family; Belmont. near sta-
tion; good house of 10 rooms.
$32.000— «4O acres of improved land 2 miles
north from Derham. Butte County*
$100,000— 493 acres of best land In the State:
,*..- . an old established ranch in Menlo
Park; this ranch has 000 head of.
cattle.
$2,750—320 acres of well-Improved land;
plenty of wood and water; Monterey
County.
$12,000—6% acres of fine acreage property,
with house for rich ramily. in Menlo
Park, most' prominent part. >
$1,200— 1214 acres of good land: can "raise
¦ anything there; Benlcia. near' Bar-
racks; splendid well, cost $600.-
HEALY & GILLESPIE.
. 620 Market st., opposite Palace JHotel.
FARMING LANDS NOW TO THE FRONT.
Santa Clara Count}*— 40 acres, SO in resist-
ant vines; dwelling cost $6000; price only $10-
000; would exchange.
Stanislaus County, near Modesto— 960 acres.
all under irrigation; now in grain; rented: fine
land; price $35 per acre; will subdivide.
San Joaquin County — 062 acres reclaimed
tule land; 650 acres planted in rye and 30O
acres rented at $8 per acre for vegetables;
price $70 per acre.
We have other lands for grazing, grain or
any other crop in good locations and at reason-
able terms; we invite land seekers to visit our
efflce.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
> 10 Montgomery gt.. San. Francisco.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO '•
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
\o Th© Cotatt Co.. 303 California st.. for
pamphlets and information.
2S0 ACRES unimproved land, Tuolumne Coun-
ty; also 160 unimproved land. Mariposa Ca :
plenty wood and water; road crosses both,
places: title perfect; cheap; cash. Partlcu-
lars, box 4140. Call office.
FOR sale— Fine dairy ranch. 460 acres; 5 miles
from San Jose; all level land; splendid soil
for asparagus and strawberries: large dwell-
ing, with bams for 300 cattle; price very
low. J. D. SULLIVAN. Chronicle building.
$300— SNAP In Lake County: 40 acres rich
• level land; close to town; no improvements.
$600 — 10 acres in Lake County, near town; 7
acres In bearing orchard; house, barn. etc. C.
F. MOORE. 935 Market st. .
FOR sale— The best and most profitable Una
in the wrest; come to- Watsonvllle, Cal., be-
fore purchasing elsewhere; send for cata-
'°sue. • R. P. QUINN.
< Real Estate. Watsonville. Cal.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly,
free to buyers and sellers; accurately" de-
scribing all classes of country property, after \
personal Inspection, for sale and exchange by
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary »t.
* EXCEPTIONALLY well equipped chicken
ranches at Petaluma: safe business invest-
ment. WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONT-
GOMERY. 634 Market st. /
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Pen'nsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and pruiw
lands to sell: right locality; bigr money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
$800— 7-ROOMED house; 50-foot iot^ near
beach. Santa Cruz City; or exchange Box
4400 Call office. '
LARGE timber and coal proposition; Coos Bav.
Want It? EM,MON3 & SON.i Mills building.
SPBtTRBAX HKAt ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY PARK. ~~™
Beautiful lots, 50x150 and larger; water, sew-
ers and fine roads; wooded and open; $300 to
$700; easy terms; one-third or tract already
sold. - ..
COLE TRACT— ROSS VALLEY.
Lovely new cottage on superbly wooded largo
lot: $3500: easy terms.
Fine large wooded lot adjoining. $700.
ROSS VALLEY.
$30,000 — Grand country estate; finely improved;
a few minutes' walk from Ross Station; a
great bargain. • •
$1X000— 7 W acres; beautifully timbered: resi-
dence, stable, etc.: extremely attractive. .
SAN RAFAEL.
West End residence; large grounds In fine
order; $30,000; very choice.
$12,000 — Beautiful home and grounds near
Hotel Rafael and broad-gauge depot.
$10.000— Another lovely home near Hotel Ra-
fael.
$10,500 — Still another charming homo near Ho-
tel Rafael, In Coleman Addition.
I have fine properties on line of the new
North Shore electric ' R, . R. from SausallV>
up to San Rafael. GEO. A. RAYMOND,
Seventh floor, room 2. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— To rent or lease, with privilege to
buy, small ranch within 50 miles of city. Ad-
dress box 4130, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
$1400 — A nice 5-room cottage; lot 40x140; a.
snap.
$1550 — 6-roora and bath; lot 25x140; a great
bargain.
$2450 — 7 rooms and bath; lot 50x150; com-
pelled to sell.
$2500—6 rooms and bath; lot 42x123; cost
over $4000.
$2S50 — 6 rooms and bath; Dice lawn; larga
lot: beat locality.
$2t(oO — 5-room cottage; lot 70x125; taken
under foreclosure.
$3250—8 rooms and bath; lot 40x207; to
close estate.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS!
AT G3EAT SACRIFICE.
$450 — Corner lot. 50x150; prospective busi-
ness property.
$550 — Choice lot, 40x100, near Chestnut-at.
Station.
$650 — Lot 60x150: nice building site. >«.- ¦
$1000 — Lot 47x147; north side of avenue; a
snap.
A good sound Investment, pays 10 per cent
on $22,000; property worth $40,000: open for
one week. See us before purchasing.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda,
Offlee open Sundays and evenings.
$1100 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 48x106.
$1600— Cottage, 7 rooms; lot 4Sx70.
$1000— New cottage, 4 rooms; lot 110x290.
' $2150 — New 5-room cottage; lot 40x120.
$2500 — 2-story house, 6 rooms; lot 40x120.
14000 — New 2-story house. « large rooms; cor.
, lot, 60x150; the best home money can
buy.
If you want to buy. build, sell or rent it will
¦ pay you to call. H. a. MEHRTEN3.
1520 Webster st., Alameda. j
$2Cr>0 — NEW complete cottage of 6 rooms;
Weber St.; fine location: everything first
class; lot 50x120; $1200 cash; terms.
New cottage of 5 rooms: lot 40x120; $2200;
terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park St.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
NO. 290 — $6000; 8-room, house; 80 ft. front;
choice.
No. 203 — $3750; 7-room house; lot 50x157;
new.
No. 238 — $4700; 11-room house; bargain.
No. 282— ?5000; 8-room house; lot 52x160;
beautiful place.
No. 281 — ?45Q0; 8-room house; large lot:
close In town.
No. 27*^-$CO0O; 8-room house; lot 50x150;
flee place.
-No. 271 — $9000; 9-room house; lot 100x130;
oak floors.
No. 207— $4200; 8-room hcuse; lot 70x12.";
south front.
No. 272— $7000; H-room house; finest part
or town. ' . .\_ .
No. 203^ — $2500; 7^room cottage; lot 40x130;
cheap. '
N'lv 255 — $8000; 2 8-room flats: Income
property. , ¦, :•-»;,
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley.
$0000 — ELEGANT home for sale; 11 rooms and
bath*, new; large finished attic; all modern,
Improvements; stable and carriage house:
cement sidewalks: street work all complete;
large lot 80x135; S blocks from Berkeley Sta-
tion; 10 minutes' walk from university build-
ing. E. J. STEWART & CO.. -
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW 5-rQpm cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
sewered; corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage. . bath ; street work done; city water:
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train. .
$1750 — S530 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, SO Nevada block.
San Francisco.
SEND for ••Homes," etc. WM. P. TODt>.
1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
at.. San Francisco.
COTTAGE of T rooms and bath: hitch base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
dents See Page Thirty-eight
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE,
(Established January. 1838.)
._...._« REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st.. opposite. Lick
House.
RETAIL BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,000 — Pays 0 per cent net; business local-
ity; elegant building In 2 stores and 8 flats;
just completed and leased; large lot.
. SUTTER STREET.
$25,000— Sutter st., inside Polk; large lot
with double frontage; executor's sale; must be
sold. .
$13,000 — Two choice new flats on Scott St.,
facing Alta Park; elegant In every particular;
paying $1320 per annum. . . . . .
\ CHEAP CORNER. '
Corner Thirteenth -and Klssllng sts., near
Folsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE*
$5000 — New house; Lake St., corner of Eighth
ave.; 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ments
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Polk; large
house; lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this Is an
improving location. '
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot. intersection of
Ridley; st., 99 feet -on Market ; x covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000^Stockton st., • near Sutter; 3-story
brick building, paying good Interest; new and
substantial Improvements.
LOTS.
$3000 — Cosner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts. ; 50x100; a good corner to improve.
$2500^ — Stelner st., near "Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x01:6.
$2000 — Broderlck st., near Oak; an elegant
building lot; near Park Panhandle.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st.;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000 — Nice tottage home on Nineteenth st..
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave.: a choice- line of lots,
$550 and $600; can rell on easy terms If de-
sired. MADISON & BURKE,
.30 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG.
• 114 Montgomery st.
,**A FEW CAREFULLY SELECTED
.PIECES OP REAL ESTATE
r. WHICH WE KNOW
ARE CHEAP.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$7500 — Rent $70; Howard-st. corner; has over
60 feet of frontage on each of 2 main
' streets; improvements, good stores and
flats; offer wanted: heavily mortgaged.
McAllister st. investment.
$12,000 — Splendid 3-story building; store and,
two flats: rent $00; big lot, 30x120;
not far from Octavia at.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
. $2650 each— Ashbury bet. Halght and Page:
2 lots, 25x100; sunny side of street;
excellent location for residence or
1 flats: corner adjoining just sold for
- $5500; buyer will begin at once erect-
Ing a handsome residence. - •
NEW FLATS FACING THE PARK.
$0500 — Rent $95; three fine flats, 7 rooms and
- bath each; dinlng-rooma panelled;
kitchen in center of. building; rooms
. prettily decorated; lots of sun and
light; ah. excellent investment; owner
anxious to realize.
- $2S00 — New house; north side Filbert at.,
near Broderick; contains 5 rooms, bath
and large basement; rent $28 50; fine
j marine view; good neighborhood.
WE PUBLISH A MONTHLY LIST. CON«
TAINING FULL DESCRIPTION OF BOTH
IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY FOR SALE IN ALL SECTIONS OF
THE CITY, WHICH WE WILL CHEER-
FULLY SEND TO YOU.
' LYON & HOAG.
' . . ¦ 114 ¦ Montgomery st.
$100 CASH. $10 monthly
BEST LOTS IN RICHMOND.
New Block Subdivided.
Bounded by Clement St., Fourteenth. Point
Lobos and Fifteenth aves.: level and with Just
enough elevation to make them beautiful build-
ing ; lots; streets graded, macadamized and
sewered; Sutro electric cars (Sutter-st. trans-
fer) pass the property; splendid marine view;
this' block will face the proposed Park Pan-
handle connecting the Presidio reservation with
Golden Gate Park.
Extremely Low Prices.
We consider them, the cheapest 'as well as
the best lots in Richmond. '
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery at.
BOVEE, TQY & SONNTAG,
. REAL ESTATE - AGENTS.
Rents Collected, Houses Rented and Full
Charee Taken of Property.
- 624 MARKET ST.
$110,000— A full DO-vara lot; close to Union
Square. '
SSO.OOO-^Mason ,st., close to Market:, lot 65
feet frontage; frame improvements; one of the
best pieces of property In the city to be Im-
proved: rents nominal.
$46,500 — Sutter st., close to Kearny; lot 44
feet frontage; old Improvements.
$32,500 — Mason st. near . Geary; frame Im-
provements; rents $194 per month. , •
$25,000 — Choice corner on Post st, close to
Powell: good building upon same.
$21,000 — Good 2-story and basement brick
building; cood sized lot In wholesale district-
pays over 7 Der cent net.
$11,600 — Three brand new flats on Hayes st •
7, 7 and 8 rooms an4 bath: rents $112 50 per
month; lot 25x137:6 feet: an elegant view
$11,000— Hyde st., close to Pine; three choice
sunny flats; rents $90 per month.
$6400— Post st., near Devisadero: two nice
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $52 50
per month.
$6250 — An elegant new residence on Sacra- !
mento st.. containing 8 rooms and bath- $1000
down, balance the same as rent.
?S500— NE. corner on Eddy st. near Flll-
more; store and flats above; lot 28x100 feet*
fents $70 per month.
$6500— Fell St., near Buchanan; Improve-
ments consist of flata and residence; lot 27 -6x
120 feet; rents $60 per month
6oSoo*te5L aUep 8t " D6ar PSrk panhan<1Ie . 1°*
$4000— Twelfth ave.. near Clement: nica
sunny cottage, containing 6 room a and bath-
stable: lot 50x120 feet; can be had on terma
SO^A r G,^ r 4 t gk 9 etst B ° YEg> TOY *
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
T W. J. GUNN. 530 California. St
1 ££'&*•¦ S 833 - 2^ 7 Broderlck .Cf-Jw^fin-
ished; 1Q rooms and 6 rooms; renting $45 and
$30; very desirable; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; unobstructed marine view; 3i feet
frontage: separate entrance; $7500; get off at
corner Union and Broderick; also adjoining 2
new flats; rents ?32 50 and $30- 6 rooms in
each: $6250; lovely marine view.
$1075 — A fine buy and very cheat)- Western
Addition lot; graded and all street work dene"
sewered and bltiimlniied; a few atepa from the
cable cars; 30:2x04: hard to get a lot of this
good width; suitable for 3 flats: really this 3
the cheapest lot for sale.
Corner, 25x75; south of Market: 2-storv
building: improvements very good- 4 flats
paying $76; a good purchase; cheajk- $S40O
' 5 choice residence. lots; well located- elevat-
ed; fine marine view; 25x100: ..Western Artdl
tion: $2100 to $2200 each; the corn™ $25oo"
these are just the lots for flats; beautiful
homes on each side; contractors and builders
will find these lota just what • they are look-
ing for; easy terms of payment.
Corner lot on Green st. cheap; only $"500-
25x100; fine marine view.
Some lots in Richmond; very cheap
W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
$1500 — COTTAGE home in the Mission- very
cheap; Sanchez, near 22d,
$600—100x150; will be sold at a sacrifice by
ord.er of. the .owner, who Jives In the
East; lot in the Excelsior Homestead;
Mlssion-st. cars.
$250 — On small monthly payments: good lot.
i extra- deep, on 27th ave., near Point Lo-
¦ • . boa ave. •
$250 — At a bargain: lot on Buena Vista aye.,
near Cortland ave., close to the school.
$10 cash — $50 monthly: cheap lot on Folsom,
near Cortland ave..
" •¦¦ McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
7th floor, Crocker Building.
/ ' $250 cash, ' balance" of $2600 payable . in
I monthly payments of $3120; 2-story six
' rooms and bath new- residence; brick founda-
tion, porcelain tub; modern improvements;
cost to build $2750; lot easily worth fll!00;
sold by order of MANHATTAN LOAN CO.,
7th floor, Crocker building. "
$8500 — BROADWAY; 40- foot lot. THE Mc-
. .GARTH Y CO., .646 Market st. I /
$27P0— HOUSE C rooma and bath; Western Ad-
dltion. THK MCCARTHY CO.. 048 Market.
$100 PER FOOT — Pacific Heights marine view
lots. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivisions, 50-
- yara lot south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
'< Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMI3, Real Estate Broker,
-• 324 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Fine new Mission home; big- lot, 57x
12Q; 7 rooma and bath; here's a bargain; must
be sold: worth $6000; make an offer; splendid
. -locality; grand view; oar lines close. . CONK-
LIN. FULLINGTON & CO t . 710. Market st.
.2 LOTS, 25x120; cor. of A and Taylor sts.,
Colma;- reasonable for cash. Inquire- 300.
Hayes st. - . - ¦/ .-
NEW house. If- large rooms and bath; modern.
• 60S San Jose : ave.. corner Valley. '
$5600 — SACRIFICE; nice flats; near- Liberty
¦and Guerrero sts. Owner, -bor'4171.' Call.'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, - 16 pages, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one year for SL
IICLP \V AA TED-~M A LS — Con.
WANTED — Etacrotti for the marine corps,- U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the apres ot 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 ft€t 4 inches and not over C leet 1
inch- able to speak and rea<1 English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offigf, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MAN for little bookkeeping arid pencral useful-
ness about office in private institution; short
distance from city: s-mali wages and good
horre. Bex Al-". Oill otfa^;.
SHU'PED free every day — Four-horse m:raper
mm end laborers wanted for railroad con-
iraot. Wadsworth. Nov.; wapres, ?2 per day;
beard S5 2S per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund Fame alter 2(5 days. E.
r.. & A. U STOSTE CO.. VKK) Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.
BTEAPY man. with $ir.O cash; no experience
required: Sl.'> neck. :)35 Market Bt., room 12.
m r ; —
W "ANTK1V- Your.fr man who has had experi-
ence at office work: must be good at flgrarci-
tirsi-cla^s !iv*al r^fereuees required. Armlv
at HAI.K UnOS.' '
WANTED — Experi«*nced domestic salesman
Apply between S and 11 a. m. at 1IALC
BROS.'
HEX to learn barber trade; barbers In demand"
only require* K we«ks; tools donated; cata-
lncue tree. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE
C".5 Clay rt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RolUin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver Hous?, 217 Third st. : 150 larjte
room?; C'.c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade- eight
¦weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed-
catalogue mailed free; discount this month!
Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— First-class dress BO ods salesman
and fUk faleeman; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 3704.
L :f7ggg of fg eEtic salC8man -
WANTED— 50 men to take lodglne in Cam-
bridge House.»j43 Howard; changed hands.
G ?-?^ n 11 » rour - d shoemaker; bring bench tools.
lo-O Park st.. Alameda. "
STRONG boy; aged sbout 15 years. Apply at
the Royal. 00 Third st.
C<^ T -?I A^ E S, for country. Apply REIaS
BKOS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Et.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenter*, green' handg and
seamen for ghlps at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
EX " TI^ P !£ now due U - s7 Volunteer?" Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty...C24 Market
500 MEN to buv new and 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up: soling 20c up. »23 Howard Bt.. nr. 6th.
TOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. EuIIIe. 3. 40. Phelan
b.g- Pagt Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships fcr all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. -
GET your shoes fcalf-soled while waiting- 25c
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
WINCH ESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 20<j rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 't-j«= and b*gsrag«? to and from ferry.
HOUSES AVD WAGONS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March^TlSS^There
will be sold at public auction at Presidio of
San Francisco. California. commencing
Thursday. MarcM 13, 1902, and continuing
from day to day. 223 horses. These horses
are acclimated and in good condition but
are no longer needed for the public service.
Terms — Cash. For further information ap-
ply to the quartermaster at Presidio of Ban
Francisco. Cal. D. D. WHEELER, Deputy
Cuan.erma«er General. U. 8. Army. .Chief
Quartermaster.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction pales every Wednesday
et 11 a. ra. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, 'work and^ driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
HEAVY double team strong almost' new plat-
form tvagOTi. 16 feet long; suitable wholesale
house; heavy expressing. Owner, 8 to Da.
m.. 1A Seventh st.
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
pies bought and sold; new stock alwavs on
hand. 1499 Market Ft., corner Eleventh.
FOR SALE — Cheap; elegant ladies' driving
hors*; can be seen at PETERS' Stable, 1314
Grove st.. near Devisadero.
FOR SALE — At a bargain: fine business horse
end bxiffsy. See at PETERS' Stable, 1314
Grove st.. near Devisadero.
SAX FVancisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June «. Catalc-prues by applying to
M. L. r A NCO AST. See.. C10 GoMen Gate ave.
DON'T buy new or second-hand wagons until
yru eoe our -Ftock buggies. $10 up; wagons, j
IXS: curries. ?2."5; largest stock; lowest prices. .
2170 Market et. j
FOR saie — Nice chaeton; also a surry. 409
Taylor Et.
Largest stock 2d-hand v.-jigons, buckboard, sur-
r*y,harne*f.woric, driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
»tc. ehe.-.r. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
2 Bt'SINESS buggies, good as new; a bargain.
1370 Turk st.
AN A No. 1 repress wagon, single; also light
cpreping waron for sale cheap. 032 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
cuiar. G. H. fMCSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner residence. 8 rooms, conserva-
tory, bath, grounds, etc.; NE. cpr. Sacra-
mento and Fteiner. VON RHEIN R. E. CO.,
S13 California st.
WOULD like to exchange a finely furnished
flat of 8 rooms and bath in San Francisco
for furnished house in San Mateo. Address
M.. 207 Sansome Ft., city.
fS5 — N"R\ corner Tierce and Fine »ts.; eun all
day; house of 11 rooms and two baths; every-
thing new End modern.
MODERN comer house, 8 sunny rooms and
__ garden; rent reasonable. Box 4170, Call.
$47 ftfl — HOUSE of 8 rooms: large basement and
iarg-e yard. 1013 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOTSES TO LET—FURMSHED.
5SO—4CS HILL «st., near 23d and Noe; furnished
oottasre. Apply on premises, or to McEWEN
BROS., us Montgomery st.
£ HOCTEa TO LET COl'JTTRV.
WELLE5?LEY f^^gTn^Mlte^Co^Fine"^ :
room mo'ierr. n silence; barn, fruit, flowers; '
furais-hed or unfurnished. J. MEEK. 909
M'.yyjnn Ft. jh,
HOl^ES FOR SALE. ~
KEW furay house. 7 rooms; la rge~basement ; j
yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet. I
I-ierce and £iei n(; r. Geo. Moore. «< Portola. ;
HYGIENIC HA|It^TIlEATMEXT. j
MHS. HAKTLAND renews th!n71adeT~and I
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
b&l<$nes<s with great success; free eonsulta-
ticn. Kooo :«>, LUbes building. 139 Post.
HYPNOTISM.
MEDICAL hypnotism |« a epeclac for all ner*
vous and mental diseases; habits treated- in-
structions Riven. 1'nOF. A. VVILLI Man. !
chal Niel, 401 Kills; hours 1-r,. 7-'J; ettab; 'i)S.
LOST AM) FOIJID. '
LOST— Saturday afternoon. March h, in~!Sher-
man & Clay Hall, Sutttr st., or on street
mink fur tippet. Leave at Call office and
obtain reward.
LOST — Umbrella on narrow gauge train. lo:4. r >
a. m.. Ft-'oruary 27. marked "Lida." lie-
turn to iiii Telegrajjh ave., flat 7, Oakland
and rect-lve $10 reward.
ictfc'T — A lady's ellk belt with buckles of siu
. ver, with portrait ca porcelain. Hetuin to
Ben 1. Salomon, Tax Office, and receive re-
warfl.
BAT mare. ¦» years old, .'! white legs, white
face. Kinder notify NICK HEALY, corner i
2l£t ar.d Ury:.r.t tts.; tei. White 1015; reward !
LOST— SmaU open-face gold 'watch, blue-enam-
eled back, in chamois cover. Return to S22 <
Alvarado ht. ; mvanL
LOST— March 7; j.earl and silver handled um-
brfclla; initials L. V. K. 419 10th »t.; reward.
LOST— St. Bernard <iog 10 months old: ticw
collar. Rtu-ard at fclH Thirtieth Bt., Oakland.
LOST — A gold Grcnd Army badge; inscription
on reverse side, with name of owner. De-
llvcr 007 Parrot t building; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
n.nfl Locn Society of fcan Francisco in the
names of FKANCOIKK BOUIJQC'IN or
K.MII.E LUCIEX UOUUQUIN. No. 1S6-55&.
The finder will plc-ase teturn to bank.
LOST— A Kits ;bt>ok with the Hibernia Savings
ar.d Loan Society of j?an Francisco in the
name of JCLLKN HUME, No. 255-1572. The
%viH .please return to bank.
LOST— February 21. rug Bog. San Francisco
license. Return to J2O9 Van Ness ave. and
receive reward.
FOUND — Small purse containing rum of money
at 15th and Market. Apply ','AZZX Sixteenth.
IT will cay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.,220 Sutter St., needs old
cold and silver to make new watch Peaces.
Tin iTi^i^nniwiftiirfiiii 1 1 nii'i 1 • • '.
JRBAT, RSTATK— CITY— FoW SAI,«C.
G. VL UMBSEN & CO..
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE. .
*3S,000 — Choice corner on Market st... close to
«Hh; old Improvements; large lot, 23x
,„_ 165, Irregular.
$3o,000— Rents ?219 per month, which can
readily be Increased; choice corner on
McAllister tt. ; 5 houses of 8-10 rooms
and bath each ; In perf ect order and
j Eteadily rented; 82x100.
?~i,000 — Rents S150 .per month; Washington
Et.. near Buchanan: 2 elegant three-
etory bay-window residences of ¦ IS
rooms and bath, nicely located and
handsomely finished; 50x137:6.
Jl<,000 — Vallejo 6t. ; elegant residence of ,17
rooms and bath; large garden and
¦ barn; 4S:0xl37:0. '.."• • -
$16,000 — Rents S130 per month: Octavia St..
near Ellis; 3 new, handsome flats of
7-S rooms and bath each, elegantly
finished; 25x110.
flu. 000 — Rents $120 per month: Pine St., near
Hyde; 3 eubstantial modern flats of
7-8 rooms and bath each, rear cot-
tage; 34x137:0.
$13,500 — Rents $102 50 per month; 3 nexv flats
of 7-S roems and bath each, on Post
et., near Van Ness ave.; 25x137:6.
?12,500 — Rents ?55 per month; Mission et.,
near Sixth ; substantial 2-story and
basement frame building; 25x80.
$10.000— Rents ?C0 per month, which will
readily stand an increase; corner on
Mission st.. near ltlth: a good build-
Ing of 2 stores and flat of 7 rooms,
bay windows, brick foundation, large
lot. 30 feet front.
$7,500 — Rents 555 per month, which can be
readily increased; Hyde St.; 2 stores
and flat5; 31 feet frpnt.
$7,250 — Rents $68 per month; Howard st., near
12th; 3 bay-window flats of 7-6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, etc.;
25x137:6.
$6,500— Vallejo St.. north side, near Octavia:
a well-built two-story and basement
house of 7 rooms and bath, com-
manding a fine marine view.
$6,500— Rents ?6O per month: F*ll St.; 3
houses of 5-6 rooms and bath each;
large lot, 27:6x120; -2 frontages; this
is a good buy.
$5,500 — Rents $43 per month; Devlsadero st. ;
2 fiats of 5-6 'rooms and bath each,
brick foundation, etc,; must sell to
close an estate.
14.250 — Choice corner on Haight St.; 25x100.
$3,600 — Rents >2tf per month, which are low;
Twenty-fifth st.; 2 desirable , bay-win-
dow flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each,
brick foundation, etc.
$3,500 — Near Buchanan and O'Farrell Bts.;
bay-window cottage "of 6 rooms and
bath, brick foundation, etc." 25x90.
$3,100 — Rents $33 50 per month; near Ninth
end Mission Ets. ; 3 desirable flats of
3-4 rooms each; street paved and ac-
cepted by the city; a bargain.
$2,400 — California ft., near -Baker; a choice
building lot, 25 feet front. - '
Call or write for our Real Estate Record con-
taining a list of properties for eale in all
parts of the city.
' Latest pocket map of San Francisco. 25c.
j G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
I It Montgomery st.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO.,
J 205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
! SNAP!
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
J653. 1655- Waller et., near Shrader.
$7,500 — Rents SS40; 2 elegant flats of 6 and
. 8 rooms and bath, marble steps,
colonial mantels, elegantly frescoed
throughout, ctoO premises open for
inspection to-day from 11 a. m. to 3
p. m.
UP-TO-DATE FLATS.
$10,750 — Rents $1225; 3 new flats of 7 rooms
and bath, marble steps, round bay
windows, kitchen In center; 27 ft.
: frontage; cars pass; elegant view.
! FORECLOSURE SALE.
; Pays 13 rer cent.
{ $6.000 — Rents 5780; ' store and 4 flats, all
I rented; close tQ 6th and Mission sts=. ;
this is a foreclosure sale, the property
being sold for the amount of the
mortgage. v
.TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$5,250— Rents $792. all rented; 7 flats on 50-
ft. frontage, good condition; close to
Sixth St.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5,500 — Substantial 2-story bay-window house
of 10 rooms and porcelain bath, near
Post Bt..
FINEST LOT IN THE CITY.
$^000— Key lot to two main streets. In be6t
portion of Western Addition. Riving
exposure of 30 ft. for sun and light on
each side that can never be obstruct-
' ed; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.; 3 flats on this
! .property will rent for $105 per month.
SNAP!
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$4,250 — Reduced from $5500; modern residence
I cf 7' rooms and porcelain bath, high
basement; fine sunny key lot, north
side of the best street In the Western
Addition; lot 25x137:6: 100 feet from
EUis-st. cars.
$15,000 — Northwest corner flats, east of Lar-
kin St.; 32:6 corner; 3 elegant flats
of 6-8-9 rooms and bath; flooded wiih
sunshine; handsome Income; guaran-
teed future; can't be equaled for price
or appearance. _ t
NELSON JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
•We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Don't delay! We can posltvely suit you.
$100 to $400 — Ocean Boulevard lots; graded
and fenced; $5 monthly. >
$500 to $1100— Choicest ' Sunset lots: / all
graded; splendid demand; wonderful Improve-
ments; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office, Ninth ave., near H..st
$400 to $800 — Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots near MIs-
ficn-Et. electric cars; perfect bargains: inspect
them and you will admit it; $5 monthly.
$1000, $1500 to $2500— Modern cottages; all
bargains; choice locations; easy terms.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
RIVERS BROS.. 2«5 Montgomery St.*
$500 CASH!
Balance monthly Installments same as rent;
price $3250; lowest bank rate Interest, 6 per
1 cent pn deferred payments: handsome new cot-
: lagej'just completed; 5 large rooms and bath;
1 most beautiful marine view in the city; 2 large
and elegant bay windows; large yard in rear;
latest, most improved nickel-plated open plumb-
ing; porcelain bathtub, porcelain sink, tiled;
elegant gas fixtures throughout; gas grate;
cement wafh trays; birdseye maple mantel;
best painting, graining, varnishing, tinting and
luncrusta throughout halls and dining-room;
dome ceilings: brick foundation: plate-glass
doors; abundance of eun and light all day long;
every modern convenience; water, gas and
pewer connections all made; cement sidewalks:
first-class location; 15 minutes from Kearny and
Market ets.; on car line; no transferring to got
downtown. •
Don't miss this bargain; It Is worth 50 per
cent more than price we are asking; inspect
this bargain to-day; owner. on premises, Hyde
and North Point »ts.
RIVERS BROS.,
205 Montgomery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery «t., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$46,500 — Bargain; N. s. Sutter st; 44x137:6 ft.;
ehort distance from Kearny.
$43,500 — Cor. 00-vara; Turk; 8 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$2,375 — A snap; north side Clayet., near Lyon;
fine location for flats. .
$18 500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500— Good buy; store and flats; Larkin st.,
near Geary; rents $70.
$5 500 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
St., near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$1 C50 — Dirt cheap: NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.: 20:6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I st*.. nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
II. Branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
Real Eftate and Insurance Brokers,
Itooms 41-42 Chronicle building. .
The most desirable downtown investment on
the market to-day. Northwest line of Mission
St., near Sixth; old Improvements; must be sold
to close an estate; lot 25xS5 or 25x100; adjoin-
ing new postofflce.
J37:Oxl37:«; elegant northwest corner for
flats or reujdencen in the Western Addition; all
level; ready for building. -
Three new flats; north line of McAllister st. ;
Ju*t completed; lot 25x137:6.
Choice Hayes-st. building lots; east of Stein-
er 8t. : 25x137:6.
25x137:6; Golden Gate ave. Jot; "ready to
build.
75x137:6; offer wanted: Fulton st., near
Stanyan; entrance to Park.
f3Ooo — South of Market .st. investment; rents
$25 per month net. ' ' ¦ .
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,,
41 and 42, Chronicle building.
IN Sunset — 2 houses of C rooms, bath and base-
ment each on easypayments; call and- look
at them and buy direct from owner. S. 6.
. IiEED, owner and builder. Ninth ave., bet.
I and J sts. * - » . . .
FOR sale cheap — Lot and cottage of 3 sunny-
rooms, with view of city. 725 Utah st.,- bet.
Nineteenth and Twentieth; $400.
?215O— MODERN 5-room cottage; Mission;
must sell. Box 4424. Call. office.;' *| I
REAL ESM^IT^-FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
-REAL ESTATE AGENTS. C ;
~ ' « ; • •; 218-220 Montgomery st.
We desire to notify the buying, public that
1 we I have a number of first-class .investments
under contract at, very t low figures. ¦ Principals
j may call and get full particulars.
' $22,000 — Taylor st. near. Sutter; frame Improve-
: ¦ "ments renting for $120 per month; lot
•"• 40x105 feet; one of the greatest bar-
.- gains In ' this section; Investigate at
:'¦ V- once. '¦¦"•' •- . * ¦ ' '.
$11,000— Jackson st., sunny side, near Hyde; 2
modern bay-window ¦ flats, 8, 8 rooms;
rents $90 per month; electric lighting,.
tiled bathroom, open nickel-plated
plumbing, marble stairs; lot 27:6x
112:0 feet. •,¦ • '• ¦. '. ; ¦
$10,000 — Southwest corner Bryant and Zoests.,'
between Third and Fourth; store and
' : -'- 3 flats; rents $81 per month; in good
condition; lot 25x80 feet.
$10,500 — Leavenworth - St., | near Washington; ,
' ' ; ¦ t ' fine bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; extra large lot 45:6x137:6
. feet. ' ...'. .- ¦ . ¦ t ¦'• i-
$3,000 — Vallejo st., near Jones; marine view
property; . : Improvements rent for
$27 50; lot 34:9xC8:9 feet. ; "
$14,000— Buchanan st., near Sutter; 3 new flats,
* Just finished, 6," 7 rooms and, bath;
every possible -¦ convenience; rents
1 < .' $112 50 per. month; lot 25xG8:9 feet;
a bargain. . . ¦ t . • • - <•• ¦ - ¦
$12,000 — Washington sf., near Webster; modern
residence of 9 rooms and bath; beau-
.tifully situated; large lot, 47:6xO2:iV4
' . feet, i ' --,- - - . • "
$14,400— Sutter st., near Leavenworth; .- frame
• •• dwelling, of 10 rooms and bath;- lot
; 26x68:9 feet; one of the few pieces
t for sale on 'this street at this figure. .
$14,000— Devisadero St., near Broadway; 2 new
. ¦ flats,- just finished. "J, 11 rooms and
bath; very latest improvements;' lot
26:3x110 feet; rent $140. ' ;
. $5,000— Market st.. near Sanchez; fine lot;
27:8x110 feet. .
$6,000 — Mission St., near Sixteenth; store and
. .fiat above of 6 rooms and bath; in Al
, condition; rents $540 per annum; lot
25x80 feet. ...
$C,500 — Vallejo st.. near Laguna; fine bay-
: window residence of 10 rooms and
bath; very latest improvements; rents
v j for $42 50; lot 22:6x107:6 feet.
$8,200— - Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st. ;
; 3 modern flats, 6, 7 rooms and bath;
rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; fine invest-
ment. ' , •
$6,500— Zoe St., between Third and Fourth,
Bryant and Brannan; frame ' tene-
ments; all rented;, in Al condition;
pays $94 monthly, or over 14 per cent;
one of the best bargains offered south
of . Market st.
$850— Twenty-first St., ' near Potrero ave.: a
lot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
this price is very much below market
. values.
$23,000— Pacific ave., north line, near Octavia;
¦ • residence, 14 rooms and 2 baths; ma-
rine view; cannot be taken away; lot
35x133 feet.
$7,750 — Fillmore st., near Sacramento; trans-
- fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $50; lot 25x90:6 feet.
$7,500 — Leavenworth St., near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good condition; renta
. $54; lot 80x60 feet.
$3,000— The cheapest and. best building lot In
the Western Addition; north side Clay
St., near Lyon; 27:6x100 feet.
$12,500 — Income property; close to water front;
rents $97 50; pays 8 per cent net.
$6,000— Callfornia-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents $50; tenant pays
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$12,500— Grove Bt.. near Larkin: lot 30x120,
with fine bqllding of store and 2 up-
per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall.
$11,500 — Post st., sunny, side, near Larkin;
substantial 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath: rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet
¦ to rear street.
$2,050—3649 Twenty-first St.. near Church;
¦ modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
. bath; large lot 60 feet front by 114
•feet; grand view of the city; a positive
bargain; must be sold.
$6.000 — Devlsadero-st. flats, near Ellis; present
rents $40; could be largely increased If
a little, money was spent on the build-.
/ Ing; lot 25x90 feet; lot alone worth
v price asked for the property. -.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for : sale. •
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., J
. . .218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
McAFEE BROS., 108*- MONTGOMERY ST.,
• SAN ' FRANCISCO. >
Swell flats on Pacific Heights, commanding
marine view;. 11 and 12 rooms; elegantly fin-
ished; rent $140; price, $14,000. ' ¦
PAYS 6 PER CENT NET.
Fine modern brick building; rent can be
raised when tenants' - lease expires; near Mar-
ket St.; lot 50x137:6; price $120,000; a fine in-
vestment; aulck sale desired; the best and
cheapest investment iri the' market. -.
Fine .residence, .splendidly • located on corner
lot, facing the Panhandle; 10 rooms; all nxod-
ern Improvements; -owner is ' going*East and
desires- quick sale; price reduced from $12,000
to $10,000. '.'.•¦* . x - . .
".SHRADER ST. V
Best block: fine modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
rents $57 60; price $6250.
COLE ST. •
Elegant new modern flats, finely built,' 6
rooms each; rents $70; price $7750.
'•- . . < . ¦¦¦ ••-. ¦ 'A SNAP. •
. Two cosy flats on Vallejo St., near Hyde; 3
and 4' rooms: in good condition; street work
accepted; level block; only $2250. .
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
Fine 8-room cottage on N. side of street and
key lot; owner anxious to sell; price $6000. . '
• WALLER-ST. HOME.
Near Scott; 2-story and basement, 7 rooms
and bath; lot 30x110; price. $5250; will ex-
change for 'smaller property.
. VALLEJO- ST. LOT.
On Vallejo st.^ near Baker; marine view lot;
69:10x137:6; a bargain; price only $3500.-
VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth St., between Church
and- Sanchez; sunny side; 25x114 each; only
$800 each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 7 rooms and bath; on Bush st.,
near Broadway; lot 25x137:6: price $4500.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 4 and 6 rooms on /Twenty-first
St.; lot 25x100; rents $28; price $3300.
NEAR THE CHUTES.
Lot on Eighth ave.: 26:2x120: price $1000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
Presidio HeUrhts: send for list.
. SCOTT ST. '
Lot on Scott st.. between McAllister , and
Fulton: 25x106:3: price $2750.
t , RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, 14th and 15«h
aves.; very cheap lots, only $700 and upward;
street work done; send for plat: aold on terms
if desired. Lots on . 81xth ave., between Lake
and the Presidio ilnf. $05O each; only 4 lots
left- secure them before you are too late.
• MISSION COTTAGES.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
l0t9 ' ' COMING BUSINESS CENTER.
¦ Folsom st., near Fifth; 25x75; improved;
rents $75 per month,; offer wanted.
, V :. McAFEE BROTHERS,
. ,' - ! 108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
JOSEPH STRAUB, . •
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
' Telephone Grant 177,
Real Estate Agents.
• ¦ , Property Bought and Sold.,
Rents Collected.
$70CK) 6 flats on Harrison St., between Fourth
•and Fifth; 25x86; rents $650 per an-
num. * / " '
$3800 — New 2-story house. In the Mission;
good sunny corner .'with store.
$12,500— 3 * new flats on Page St., near Ash-
, . - . bury; rents $112 60 per month.
$8500 — Jackson st., near Baker; 3 modern
flats, bringing good income.
$20,000— 'House . and lot, near Stockton and
Butter sts. • • '• .
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
¦ good income producing property of 12
, •.*".'¦ flats and. a residence of 3 rooms;
(. , stable, chicken yard; lot In rear to
" \ '• ' build on; rents $3500 per annum.
$10,000^-Bay-window house of 3 modem flats;
' rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
•/. Scott St., near Geary; worth $12,000.
" $S000— New modern 2-etory and baaement
-. house, stable, garden In . front; on
Ellis at.
West Berkeley— Corner lot on Bancroft way
arfd Seventh st. - • • , -, .
Fourth Bt., bet. Channlng and Ban-
croft way; sewered, sidewalk; lot 52x
. 135; price $500: lots 22 and '23, Ray-
• • ' mond tract, Bancroft way and Eighth
Bt., 100x100, price $600; lot 22, Mitchell
st.. near San Pablo ave., 50x100, price
. $600.' -' ¦,.. -. . ¦
East Oakland-rOn Louis' st., near Prospect —
-. For sale or exchange for city property.
Mill Valleyr^Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished: lot
• -: • 126x300; price $2000; make an offer.
Napa— 5-acre ranch; new 8-room house; horse,'
¦ buggy, cow, chickens, new windmill.
' running- water; price : $3500," or rent
$200 per annum.
Campbell, Santa Clara County — Cottage of 6
;¦...-¦¦'•, . rooms; lot 40x120; price $750.
SAN FRANCISCO. ' !
¦ 350S Mission - st. : store and living-rooms:
price $2200: small payment ' down,' balance'
same as rent. ,' , ,,»-.>.
127 ' Hartford St.. between 19th and 20th; 7-
room modern : cottage: : one , block ¦ from Castro
st.; price $2500; small payment down, balance
tame as .rent. "f, ,-¦¦', '¦;>-', *.'.»"¦•'.«¦;.
-220 Chanultepee St.; 7-room cottage. Just re-
modeled;- price $1300; no payment down; same
as rent. ¦-• / ' . ¦ . • . '
¦1819 16th ave. ; 3-room house; price $SOQ; $30
down. ; balance came as rent. ¦ ¦ • .., .
:-¦ 1871 15th' ave.; price $700; no payment down,
same as ; rent. ¦,: •"¦¦ ••;' r~. • * ¦. -1-
.. -. SUNNYS1DE.
' 26. Circular ave.: flat of 5 rooms and store:
store rents .-. for- $S; price $1250; no payment •
down, : same". as rent. >. ¦¦..' - /¦ ' ¦>
231 Joost ave.'; 4-room cottage; price $,800; no
payment down; .monthly payment $11 20.
- 414 Fprester ave.: 5-room cottage; price $850;
no payment down; monthly . payment $11 90.
- 1 also have a few houses to rent. ¦¦ • -^-i<-«V:'
.. - A.:E. RUDELL,{ 301 California st.
BARGAIN; i0- room, house; sanitary ¦ plumbing;
.fine order/ ;- 1711 Brodertck st., bet. BushTHE SAN ; KMgSCO;^^ 1902.
38
MISCELLANEOUS ' FOR SALE— Con:
GASOLINE engines, air sizes, new and 2d-hand
. . and launches. J. E. DOAK,<596 Mission st. ". ¦;
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139- Beale Et. ¦ * ¦ "
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
SAFES— New- and second hand. iTHE HER-.
' MAN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS ' WANTS. ,¦¦;.;
WILL pay- cash and good prices for old seal-
• ¦ skins;- address at once;- will call anywhere '
within 25 miles of , city. Box 3276, Call office.
BIG prices- paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484. , -,
.1O ENAMELED baths, 10 sinks, 10 boilers. 10
tank closets; new or 2d-hand. Box 4401, Call.
WANTED — To buy valise; large'slze; also good
revolver. Box 4137, Call office. . .
JTILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical. goods.- 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie. 2851.
: " _. . MONEY TO , LOAN. - ' V j
A— HE^MTN^TOplriY^6b7^S62~Ex^iner~fcdg
'.$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates. .....:..
On First and Second Mortgages:
...On Life Interests In Estates
. Property Being Held In Trust: ...:...
'......Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life ¦ Insurance Policies: .Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of- all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) \ .
$300,000 at 5^ and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
1 second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
' ¦¦ ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
: , terests in real estate and legacies : will pur-
.: chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages...
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
• Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
........... . ,. .R. McCOLGAN. . . .V.
. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 percent: first,
- second and third, mortgages, estates . in pro-
bate, interest • in estates, • legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile • interests," corporation loans. Roomie,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
-." - ¦ -'-¦¦• ¦ . ¦ . \ '• ¦ >
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY • respectable private place 'to obtain
liberal, advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry . Store, . 846
¦ Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st., room 7, .opp. Lick House.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
• lowest rates. BECKER, 30 Geary St., room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to 'salaried
- .. people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO. 143 Phelan bldg.
A PRIVATE party loans ¦ any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; conflden-
. ttal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal;- no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$5 50 PER month repays % $1000 loan; stop pay-
ing rent. MURDOCK. 614 Pine st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private.
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr/
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc.. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
¦ moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture,: pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICIC 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indoreer; Eastern
1 plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
_^^JUUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL must go without reserve. Sale opens
Monday morning at 8. First callers will get
first choice of 150 pianos. Some special bar-
gains: ' .
1 Sommer , ..$28
1 Antisell ...$39
1 Neuman (small upright) $85
1 Sherman & Hyde $05
4 Chlckerlngs from $135 to $235
3 Steinways from $135 to $395
37 Heines from $185 to $595
SO new upright pianos exactly the same as
offered as bargains by others for $183 we will
. sell for $08. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. •,.: .HEINE PIANO CO.,
¦^. » ' ¦ Geary st., opp. Union Square.
A GOOD Idea In buying a piano' is to be sure
that yoy, are getting a reliable instrument
• from a house who will be 1 respon-
sible for it and see that It is kept in order.
There are so many fakirs abroad in the land,
and fake sales are so often resorted to, that
a purchaser cannot be too careful. • -' We sell
the Wissner, Decker, Baumelster and other re-
liable pianos. You buy on the payment plan
if you wish. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market St. ¦ '
'ALTHOUGH many seemingly, advantageous
' propositions are offered in tha way of prices
and terms upon pianos,, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them> but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larg-
est assortment of be3t makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sta., Oakland.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN- HUNTERS— ¦• ¦ ¦
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand- square pianos from $50 up. .
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Mason
"• & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. '.' -^.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
¦ / within 2 years arid full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano > from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
, O'Farrell st.; established 1850. :¦¦¦ ... -
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester, pianos; Spielmann pianos; Cecilian
•* perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310,
312 Post st. . I
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.:
Cameron, walnut case, almost new,'$275.
Bowers & Son.' 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
• bargain prices, from $85 up. F.W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. ¦ corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best in the city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music 'store of Th& Wiley B. Allen
Co., 931 Market st. - . " t% -'. '¦¦' \ "
AT • auction prices, 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. Room 58, 235
Geary st. ¦
A BARGAIN — Large Colby upright piano; ex-
. cellent condition ; make offer. 2930 Clay st. -
WANTED — Four good squares for , halls.
BYRON MAUZY, 310 Post st. . .." : . : ¦ '
2 ELECTRIC self-playing, pianos; bargains.
. BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st.
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright | piano; . sacrifice
. account unforseentjlrcumstances. , 522 Eddy.
LEFT on sale $95- mahogany case Neumann
1 piano; Room 38, 235 Geary st. • r
FINE upright piano. $175; good order;' very
» cheap; no agents. , 1616 Larkin st.
BARGAIN; great sacrifice; ! 2 uprights, nearly
new. i JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.,. near ¦ Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
STILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. V H.
; MULLER. • maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly; Call.
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
. OFFICES AND STORES TO LET^
LARGE, 1 modern . store, 120 feet deep, • with
• basement full length; 429 Bush St., opposite
.California Hotel; runs to rear stseet.- - VON.
:, RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California.
EMMA 1 SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market' st. ; of-
fices with light, heat and janitor, $15 to $20.
;aSHTON,& GARDINER. ' .
DESKROOM cheap to right party; fine office;
.'": private. phone. 727. Emma. Spreckels bldg. :
HALF store, to let; suitable! for any ¦ business.
¦'-.1065 Mission 'St., opp. ; new, Postofflce/ -.,-. -.»
STORE, 1043 Guerrero st ; fixtures «and ) living
J rooms; rent '$15. . - ' .
PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome— Handsome large
store; cheap. . , ; .. •. ' ; . . .-; :
SUNNY offices „ just- below - Kearny St., $10;
.'^ also large store. ¦• Keys 636 Clay, st.'. . room 1.
*.¦¦''•:. ?/¦'-:..¦ '¦ ' : , '.-.;-' ;.- oil.; ._._ "¦¦'¦"'""'¦ >'¦'/;'-
OIL tanks,. 2nd-hand, In good order; all sizes;
I if:- cheap. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st.
OAKLANfi ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$700 — Fine corner lot on Telegraph ave.; 50x
113; snap; see It at once. , .-
$1S5O — New, ' modern, 6-rroom cottage; all
modern conveniences, electricUy, gas,, enamel
bath, etc.; lot 44x100 ft; 6 blocks from local;
easy payments if desired. .
$3500— Just completed In Linda Vista Ter-
race; 2-story house with 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements: complete in every., re-
spect; large lot. 40x136; fine -view; surround-
ings, best in the city; one. block from electric
cars; easy terms. . , .
$450(> — Elegant home of 9 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements; an exceptionally fine
location, being central and within 4 minutes
walk of local station; very convenient to, pub-
lic schools and churches ; built - for present
owner -at a cost of $6000; just as good as new;
must be sold; owner going away; see' this at
once. ... - ¦ - . . , '.'.-¦ . ; ¦
ONLY ONE LEFT— . . .
Valuable building lots In Oakland Heights
adjoining Linda Vista; 'only $20 per front foot;
street work all done; see these before the price
Is advanced. , (¦ ¦ v;
Some fine ranches in Southern California, as
well as In the central and northern -portions of
the State, to exchange for Oakland, Berkeley
and Alameda properties.
We have 'the largest list of cottages in town,
from $700 up, on easy payments. ; #
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
S 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK AT THIS! LOOK AT THIS!
Here's your chance for a home'; $100 cash, $15
• per month, buys new modern cottage 5 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc. iron improved street; close
to station; price $19C0; installments equal to
rent only; a rare opportunity. , . .
' , H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
300 ACRES, three miles from Oakland, $75
\ an acre; two-thirds of purchase price can be
borrowed on the land at 6 per cent interest.
GILBERT WYMAN, attoVney at law, office
and residence. Twenty-seventh ave. and East'
Sixteenth, Fruitvale, Cal. ; phone Brook 123.
$1200 — 6-ROOM house; improved street; cement
walks; inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local station; $100 cash, remainder' of pur-
. chase price same as rent, $15 per month.
¦WYMAN LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
A COZY little home sacrificed; 5 rooms; hot
and cold water; high basement; all In fine
condition: sunny frontage; street work all
done; price only $1000; walking distance of
downtown; must be sold. Address "Owner,"
box 2378. Call office. Oakland.
SEND for "Homes," etc. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
st.. San Francisco.
i ¦¦ —
j OAKLAND ¦_ 3 j*P.? M S.-. L^, .. Jj^w,
FILBERT, 1 1427 — Two unfurnished rooms, . $8.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCRELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh Et.. Oakland.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron, beds; mattresses: pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission; tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
coneult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated:
, have relieved thousands of ' most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
. of a delicate nature; by consulting him save
time and money. DR. G. W.. O'DONNELL,
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable, ladies' specialist;
80 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the $ld office, 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. d! GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market St., op 4th; fee low.
HINDOOHERB afl* MRS. DAVIES' original
ij method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market st_ S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
' confinement; best, medical care; low fees.'
MRS. and DR. ROSEN, 1007% Market St.—
. Troubles and complaints corrected, $10; avoid
delay. ' • . - ¦ ¦¦'¦¦-•••
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
' MIXES AND MINING.
FOR sale — 175,000 shares of stock In a flrst-
class copper and gold property for one-tenth
its value; must be sold; buyer will be an offi-
cer in company, which is non-assessable; sat-
isfaction guaranteed; city references given.
Box 4136. Call office. , ...
THE grandest chance ever offered is now open
for a good party to act as director in open-
Ing the "Wabash Mine," near Amador, on
mother lode, near Keystone mine. Room 406,
annex to Call, S. F. ' '. ''
GEO. D. CAMPBELL/ lawyer, Examiner blg..S.
F. ; branch office, Nome. Alaska, season 1902.
MINING STOCK FOR SALE. .
BUYERS of Montezuma shares will - benefit by
answering this '"ad." Box 4167, Call office.
IMSCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE. "
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. • McIN-
TOSH & WQLPMAN, 195-197 FreTnont St. !
35 H. P. economizer boiler and 30 II. P. -en-
gine, $400; 25 H. P. boiler and engine,' $250;
2Vi H. P. Oriental gasoline ' engine,- $75;
small boiler feed pump, $20. • H. S. WHITE.
130-132 Beale st. ' .-.¦¦-
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
•gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St. ,:
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
, and pool tables; easy terms or rented. . The
" Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
FOR sale — First prize Gordon setter, used, to
gun, $15; Gordon pup, $10; spaniel used' to
gun, $10: 4 spaniel pups, $7 each. 508 Post.
\ CIGARS at less ' than auction prices; reliable
goods: money back if ¦ not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery St., San Francisco.
PATENT on new, powerful and light engino;
suitable for launches and automobiles. - Ad-
dress B. J., box 4134. Call. -
BLACK Minorca and White Leghorn Incubator
chicks at. 10 cents ap4ece. PETERSON, 101
Anderson st., near Cortland ave. -• • .- •
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75/ Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dreas pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $05. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.' -
FOR sale — About 50 gal. country! milk dally.
- Address Del Hambre Dairy, Martinez.
ARK for sale;. new and completely furnished.
Particulars apply box 4404, Call office. . ;
12 H. t P. engine, almost newu; 1 only used three
months; very cheap. Box 4153, Call office. -
FOR sale — Steam boiler, 36x12," at Tannery,
Seventeenth and Carolina - sts. .. -. . .-
FOR sale-yCanarles (Rollers) Imported from
Germany. C29 Minna. st.
SECOND-HAND brick and 3x12 timbers. Bat-
„ tery and- Union sts. . ¦ " . .\
•FOR Sale — Good mining, property, .Nome,
Alaska; easy terms. Box 4141, Call.
FOR 'sale— Pekin duck eggs; '50c . a setting.
.'517. Thirtieth st. ;.."': ; '.''.c
LADY'S Crawford wheel ; cheap. 976 Pine st.
*INCUBATORS; 3 Petalumas; cheap. Inquire
C. M. BLACK, 3189 Mission st. ; . , - :
QUANTITY of high ; grade.' tailors' :; cloth 5 piece
goods. 1065 Mission St., opp.', new Postofflce.
NO. 1 cabinetmaker's '-bench for sale. ¦¦• Box
j 3705,' Call. --¦ .-. .- , v - ,- ¦
13x19 Gordon. $125: we buy,, qell * or -Jtrade In
¦ printing materials. HOAG, ' 151 Second , st.
BOATS, - launches, 1 rowboats carried In , stock
BAKER & HAMILTON. ,.-;:.;'.- : ',
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all'
makes).. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont'gy.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures.'. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
Wall paper>3c, .worth 10c; paperhanging, palnt-
: ' ing. vMerigan, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home ¦ and Domestic ¦ sewing machine;
good order; 1 complete; cheap. • 1915 -Mission. V ,
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING--. -Con.
SEVENTH. 2S— Sunny , f ««£*«<* it^t^J.
housekeeping. $15; others $10. $3. $6; phone;
bath. . _____^_____
TEHAMA, 478. near Sbtth-^^sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping; $12; no children.
THIRD. 415B— Nicely furnished rooms; house-
keeplng; kitchen, gas, bath.
TURK, 332— One large light housekeeping
room; 1 small room. -
WEBSTER, 1241—3 housekeeping rooms, with
bath; German family. ;
A BRANCH office for Call a^ e . rt » s « m *"'» v °f
subscriptions has been^established at 1098 Va-
lencla st. ____ m^_^ — —
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and ITnfnrii.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, «le*ant.
sunny; 75c day upward; rates . by week or
month; McAil liter cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.- 1 3&1 >— ' s^r
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CENTRAL ave., '720%. near McAllister St.—
Sunny suite for housekeeping. ¦ - ,
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant furnished back parlors;
suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night: $1 SO. $0 wk.; open all night.
FOLSOM, v 2422-^-Sunny bay-window suite rooms ;
use of bath. " ¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed>sultes and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 1221— Pleasant sunny
room; German family. ' ¦
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
• Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;sult. single ;elevat-
GRANT. 245— New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; rets.
GEARY, 4S3 — First floor, several rooms suit-
able for medical man; also single rooms and
suite for - housekeeping; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas.
bath, phone. .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Lower floor. 2
sunny _front rooms, with kitchen; gas range.
LAGUNA, 1310, near Ellis — Three sunny corner
unfurnished rooms; running water; gas; rea-
sonable, j ' V
LAGUNA, 1310. near Ellis— Newly furnished
room. $8 per month; also others; reasonable;
board optional; running water; gas.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
' private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 409. - near 5th — Large front parlor,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $10 a month.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighths — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $l ; per week; transient.
MISSION, 2247, near Nineteenth — Sunny fur-
nished front room; gas; adults.
NATOMA, 622 — Furnished rooms in ¦ private
family. ¦ ...
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
. .nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1537 — Sunny front room; all mod-
ern conveniences; board optional; private fam.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 805 — Comfortably furnished rms. ;
gas and bath; $5 and $7 per month; central.
PAGE, 1324^ — Bay-window room overlooking
Park Panhandle: private family.
PART of house, either furnished or unfur-
nished, in first-class locality. Box 4103. Call.
PINE, • 990 — Sunny suite; gas, grate, running
water; new flat; private family; for gents.
POLK. 1539 — Extra large front rooms; reason-
able; private; every home comfort. 1
POST, 217 — Handsome suite of rooms; also a
sunny single room; reasonable; bath, phone.
POWELL; 131 — Front room to let near Bald-
; win lot. .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light!
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 33c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms, with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 2506—2 sunny front rooms,
unfurnished, for ' housekeeping.
SACRAMENTO. 2311— Elegantly furnished
front and back parlors; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121, near Sixteenth— Sunny fnr-
nlahed front room t $3 50 per month.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
. BUTTER, 309 — Nicely furnished rooms, $1 SO
per week and up; transient.
SUTTER, 1033—2 nicely furnished front rooms;
telephone; quiet; homelike; reasonable.
( THIRD, 231 — Nicely furnished rooms by day,
week or month' for men.
•TURK, S0.1V4 — Sunny room, bath and gas; cen-
trally located. • . .
TURK, 543 — Large front room; open or folding
bed; grate, gas pul bath.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny front parlor nicely
furnished; grate, gas, bath; for two.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1098
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A — FREE printed list furnished rooms to let;
with or -without board; we save you -walking
. the streets. Tourist Renting. Bureau, 10
• Montgomery st.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and. cold water: modern;
• first-class board ; reasonable ;phone South 829.
CORBIN (The), 836 Sutter— Nice sunny room
for one orW gentlemen: excellent board.
HERMANN, 61 — Rooms and board, with, bath,
for gentlemen; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel.fur.
> suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
JOHNSON, The. 605 'OTarrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CROCKER, The, 015 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, tingle rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and room In private family; couple
• with one child. Box 3717. CalL -
. ROO3IS WASTED. ~~
WANTED— Room by middle-aged gentleman;
private family; homelike. Box 4135, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
WANTED — Tailors to buy the latest and best
sewing machine guides. R.CLelth. 672 Mission.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
-. . slon Bt.rtel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT~BARGAIN3 II^TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. TheTypewrlter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 2G8.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sanscmer
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
OFFICE 1 of^ the~Contra Gpsta "Water Co 7Z£Z
16, second. floor. MIUsHmiiding. SanFrar?
Cisco, March 4. 1902. Dividend No 198 or
. 42 . cents per - share on the capital stock or
the Contra Costa Water Co. will be payable
at the office of said company, room 1 &. «c
end floor. Mills buildinsr, on March 13 lw
Transfer books will close on March, 10' 190-""
at 3 p. m. • . • "•
,,.¦.;.,¦;„ '. EDWARD, McGARY. Secretary
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder " Ccm"
pany. Con.: a dividend. No. 30. of seventh"
five cents (75c) per rhare on the .iliull clZ'-
tal stock of the company has been declared
j payable at the office of the com nan v r?~ t
- 202. 204. 206. Hayward build Ing Sa n fC
Cisco, on March 10. 1902. . Transfer bi«£
close March 3, 1902, at noon. j. r. leaV-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
fZM — FINE lot on Virginia Bt., 3 blocks from
schoolhouse: 40x135; street rewered; level and
ready to build on.
$050 — Lot 40x135; on Henry et.; street
done; *fa block from depot; a snap.
$300 — Lot in the Tuoly Tract; grand view;
large lots.
$875 and upward for lots in the Wheeler
Tract: the -most sceclc part of town.
$1500 — Splendid lot on Euclid ave., ' near
$2000 — Lot 50x140; facing south on Ridge
road. . 1
$1500— Corner lot id the Hillegass Tract;
Pemet work all done.
$1150— Large Inside lot; HUIegass Tract.
A snap! . /
MAY & MORTIMER,
v 2123 Center st..
Berkeley Station.
$3750— FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 50x
156; near U. C. grounds and electric R. R.
!r .'. jos. j. mason.
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3300— THOROUGHLY well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done: cement side-
walk; only 2»4 blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
Berkeley Staticn.
BERKELEY ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BUNNY rooms and board; comfortable home;
reasonable. 2240 Shattuck ave., corner Ban-
croft way. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
' HOME BUILDING CO., Fruitvale ave.
(1000 — House. 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x
312; barn; *4 mile from stay on; $100 cash, bal-
ance $12 50 per month. "
$1500 — House. 6 rooms and bath; 4 short
blocks from station; $200 cash, balance $18 20
per month.
J1S00— -House, 9 rooms, bath, mantel, sta-
tionary tubs, high basement; 2 blocks from
station; $300 cash, balance $21 per month.
$1700— House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 35x124;
nice suable; 1 block from car line; 4 blocks
from station; $300 cash, balance $19 60 per
month. • •
$600 — House, 3 rooms; lot 50x100; good well;
$100 cash, balance $7 per month: 3 blocks from
Hay-wards car line, "F'itzburg."
$1500 — House. S rooms and bath; lot 50x164:
$21 per month will buy this ' home; "Forest
Park."
$1000 — House, 5 rooms; lot 45x145; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month; "Allendale Tract."
W. E. RUDELL,
Home Building Co.. Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
Tngxon sts.
Office hours S a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays in-
cluded.
$1SOO — COZY little home In Fruitvale, on coun-
ty road; 5 rooms; steel enamel bath; extra
fine plumbing; high basement; modern in
¦ever}' respect; city water; large lot, 100x200
feet, fronting on two streets; see- this at
once; a snap.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
. 1OOS Broadway, Oakland.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins 6t.; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon ccte, etc.; ornamental . grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from 6. F.; rent $35 a month: price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. ,
FOR sale> — Lot adjacent tolelectric railway;
positive sacrifice. "I.," box 4103, .Call.
-FOR sale — Lot near electric road; poor owner
degjres coin, hardup. Box 3«>a. Call.
FRCITVALE HOUSES.
A COUNTRY home, with large grounds, mod-
ern house, four or five bedrooms, for rental
summer months. A. B.. P. O. box 2697.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXI) REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
S>03 Broadway, Oakland. 1
ONE SOLD.
Only Two Remain.
Will be CniBhedOjy next Saturday; southwest
corner Twenty-fourth and Valdez sts. ; Pied-
mont cars pass tbe j>roi«*-ty; corner house sold;
price $3750 each for the inside houses; each lot
34x100; the houses are complete in every par-
ticular having 7 room?, bath and cement base-
ment; hall and parlor in oak; beautifully tint-
ed; every modern large closets;
•will cell on easy terms. ,
$2500 AND UPWARD.
Will build to suit and sell on terms on tbe
property situated on the north-west corner of
East Eleventh Et. and Second ave., having 200
feet front, can give any size lot desired; $2000
will get a beautiful cottage; $0000 a two-story
house of C rooms ; look at this property and
let us show you what can be done on a email
payment down and balance the same as rent.
A $5500 BARGAIN.
Right in town, on . Thirteenth st.. near Madi-
son; a beautiful tt-room modern house of 9
rocms and bath; could not be blult for less
than $4500; lot 50x100; worth $4000; the place
is rented for $50 per month net; sold by order
• of the bank.
27TH ST.. NEAR TELEGRAPH AVE.
$3750 — New modern house of 8 rooms, bath
and every convenience; lot SSxlOO: only $1000
cash, balance mortgage; a great bargain in a
¦new home; never occupied.
THIRTY-THIRD AND TELEGRAPH AVE.
Only $22 50 per front foot on Thirty-third st., .
••west of Telegraph ave.; street work all done;
very choice neighborhood.
WEBSTER-ST. CORNER.
£2000 — A great bargain; cheapest lot on Web-
Eter ct.; southwest corner Twenty-fourth and
¦Webster; CoxlOO; lot 3 feet above street; best
residence section; easy walk to narrow gauge;
fine corner for flats.
2IYRTLE-ST. HOME.
West side, between Eighth~and Tenth sts. :
let 50x125; fine house cf « rooms; modern con-
veniences; No. «41; see this place at once, as It
' muet be sold ; flat mortgage $4500. ¦
$7500 BARGAIN.
One of the finest chances ever offered to se-
cure a fine home at one-half Its value; east
of Broadway and north of Twelfth Bt. ; lot C5
xJCO; very fine house of 10 rooms: forced sale.
$1250 COTTAGE, t
West Oakland home; near West Oakland rail-
road yards; lot 25rl00; modern cottage cf 5
rooms, bath and high basement.
ADAilS POINT PROPERTY.
The finest hill property in Oakland; easy
walk to town; large lots; street work all done;
finest homes in the city are being built here;
free from the winds; finest view of any prop-
erty here; prices range from $25 to $60 per foot;
new homes will be built and sold on easy
terms ; let us show you this property. )
CENTRAL LAND TRACT.
Between West et. and San Pablo, Thirty-
third and Thirty-Blxth; street work all done;
prices from $15 to $20 per -front foot; any size
lot desired; very easy terms.
OAK-ST. ' LOT.
$2750 — Lot 50x100; best location on Oak St.;
Trorth $4000; a enap.
BERKELEY LOTS.
$5 50 per front foot on Bancroft way, corner
Epauldlng; over 300 front feet; a big bargain. •
INCOME FLATS.
¦ Price $9000. renting for $96 25 per month;
4 modern flats of 7 rooms each in fine loca-
tion; near train and Broadway, and opposite
one of Oakland's beautiful parks; cost over
$12,000; must be sold. /#
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
803 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— WORTH $4500; 9-room. new house; near
$1400— e-room cottage; central; 50x75; first
come gets a bargain. —
$500 an acre for land in Oakland, near
care; large list of acreage for sale; call early
and get a bargain.
12 chicken ranches of all sizes for sale- in-
vestigate before you buy.
$700— Dairy business, paying $90 per month
Colony lands, from 10 to 50,000 acres. •
Timber lands; coal lands. .
Thirty-page catalogue of homes?
y^J°J^, -y«» buy or. loan your money on
California real estate get my opinion of Its
Will -build you a house to suit.
"Oaklandl^cal.
.LARGE San Pablo ave. frontage; close in; cor-
ner; cheep..
165x175 .feet, fronting on San Pablo ave.,
at Emeryville; price reasonable.
25x121- feet — San • Pablo ave. : corner; $750.
Call and see our large list of North Oakland
properties before buying-. ¦ V ¦•> .
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
101 G Broadway, Oakland,
And room 32, 2nd floor. Mills bldg.; 3. F.
OAKLAND -ADVERTISEMENTS:
/¦•.OAKMX1)' HEAl ESTATK.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD WATSON & CO., ¦•.ir
WOODWARD .WATSON & CO., .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO_
• WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON ,&. CO.. ¦'
WOODWARD. "WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
(Incorporated.)
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
. FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
/ FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON;
- FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.- -
SPECIAL SALE.- •
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE. y ¦
SPECIAL SALB<
SPECIAL SALE. .
SPECIAL SALE. -
AT AUCTION.
' • ¦ AT AUCTION. - ,
AT AUCTION. ' >v —
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. v
i
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE,"*
¦ ' ¦ "TALBOT PLACE," ? .
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT .PLACE,"
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902. ?
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902. v
/'- mm
At 11 O'clock A- M. on the Premises.
We will sell at public auction and to the
highest bidder, the beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot, consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres Jn full bearing orchard, consisting of
English Walnuts. Oranges, Cherries, and all
varieties.
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
* Thoroughly modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk house, brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an ideal country home.
Following^ the sale of the land and injprove-
rncnts, we will also sell all of the personal
property, WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant costly household furn-
ishings, oil paintings, steel engravings. Decker
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc.
Carriage teams, saddle horses, Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddles.
Several fine head of cattle — "Jersey, stock."
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete lUt of property to be sold.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
¦WOODWARD, WATSON '& CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
' WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
(Incorporated).
' Real Estate Auctioneers. '.
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
* Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers, ¦
Real Estate Auctioneers, /
Real Estate Auctioneers,
==
903 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
• -903 Broadway, Oakland. /
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
BUY BEFORE THE RISE.
Bargains Offered by
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
$1000— Cozy cottage of 5 rooms, hot and cold
water, hall, porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny side; street work and
walks complete; near cars ana school; terms if
desired; No. 1743 Filbert St., near Twenty-
sixth; go and see It to-day; owner will ba
there. |
$1000^ — Choice vacant lot 50x150, right on
Broadway, close to the; new Santa Fe route
and terminal; elevated ground and choice
building site; see It at once.
$3000 — Elegant new home of 7 rooms: com-
plete in every detail; lot 35x140 feet (note the
siz«=); sunny side, right close to Grove st.
$750 — Choice building lot 40" feet front: 2 feet
above the street grade; all street work com-
plete; choice_new location; surrounded by new,
pretty homes; close to churches, school and
cars; property advancing rapidly; this is a
snap: look It up to-day; Merrimac or Twenty-
eighth st., 'between Telegraph ave. and Grove
et. ; terms can be arranged.
$6500— Choice corner lot 60x110; the' best In
Oakland for flats; close to narrow-gauge depot;
cottage 7 rooms there now; a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, ,
460 Tenth St., Oakland.
BUY BEFORE THE RISE. \
Bargains Offered by
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 460 .Tenth St., Oakland.
$10W) — Choice vacant' lot 50x150, right on
Broadway, close to the new Santa Fe route
and terminal; . elevated ground and, choice
building site; see it at once.
¦ $3000 — Elegant new home of 7 rooms ; com-
plete In every detail; lot 35x140 feet (note the
size) ; sunny side, right close to Grove st.
- GEO. W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER. .
Real Estate Oakland, Cal.
$5500 — 11 rooms and bath; Linden St., near
17th; lot 70x125.
$2500 — 5 rooms and bath; 18th St.; near Ade-
line: lot 30x112.-
$5500 — 9 rooms and bath; 10th St., near Myrtle;
lot 60x120. •
$3250—6 rooms and bath; 8th St., near Per-
alta.; lot 30x164. A .
$5500 — 10 rooms and bath; also barn; a north-
west corner. Just west of Market St.;
lot 42:2x100. . ' ,
$4250 — 7 rooms and bath; Magnolia • St.. . near
14th: lot 40x128.
$2500 — 7 rooms and bath; 35th ¦ St., near Mar-
ket; lot 32x120.
$4000 — Two houses of 7 rooms and bath each;
- Market st... near 34th; lot 60x160.
$2000 — Modern 2-story house of . 7 rooms and
bath; 6th St., near Brush:: lot 25x90. I
" $3250^ — 7 rooms and bath; 30th st., near West;
lot 40x120. . .: ¦-¦• • - ,
$4000 — 9 rooms and bath; Jones St., 'near Tele- X
graph ave. ; lot 30x100. . v .
$2000 — Store and flat above "of 6 rooms and
SsjiC^bath; Telegraph ave..' near 23d St.; cor-
ner; lot 25x69. - ' • .
$C500 — Store, flat and cottage; San Pablo ave.,
near 24th st. ; large corner lot. . - .
$1250 — Two-story fr&me building; 2d at., near
Brush ;. lot . 25x100. •.
$2250 — New house of 8 rooms and ..bath; 60th
: St., near California and Nevada Rail-
way; lot 42x135.
$2050—8 rooms and** bath; 60th st.', near Cali-
- fomla and' Nevada Railway; lot 42x135.
Lots 50x135. $500 up, at crossing of California
and Nevada Railway or Santa Fe Rail-
• way and East Berkeley local. ' These
.' lots will double in price within the next
60 days. ...-•-./.- ~ . ¦ ¦
A. J. SNYDER,
¦ ' Real' Estate.
• . 467 Ninth st., Oakland. .„:
PAINTERS . AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
: ,C. ROMAINE, 640 G. G.fave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PAPERING room, walls,' $1,50; painting, $1;
whitening. 75c. Painter. 315 Golden Gate av.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13, The Vendome, 1104 Market
st. ; hours from 9 a. m. to 1U p. m. '
FREE lecture on palmistry at Chirological Col-
lege, 731 Guerrero st., near 19th. Monday
". evening. Feb. 10, by Mrs. Wm. McManus.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
/"Post -at.; corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel.Black 561.
PERSONALS. ~~~ .. ,
A RUPTURE truss with steel ¦ springs i has
been used for 100 years without change; few"
cures have been made with such trusses; is
it not time. for a change? Hunter's Lever
Rupture Holder has revolutionized the antl-
- quated ' truss and . has made it possible to
make a cure in 90 days. The holder is yarn
night and day without torturing; a continu-
ous pressure is maintained during the granu-
lation and growth of the tissue covering the
breach; -would a wound on the body
heal If a hard pad was bound on it? Never.
' Has it not the same effect on a ; rupture?
HUNTER'S Sanitarium, 1206 Market st.
CLOSING out my old warehouse on account of
removal; 2000 gals, old port and sherry, $1
, per gal.; 500 cases champagne,- vintage '95,
$10 per case; 282 cases of California cham-
pagne, $6 per case; Walnut Grove whisky,
$2 per gal. ; very old McBrayer whisky, • $3
per. gal.;. 1100. bottles champagne, quarts 50c',
pints 35c; wines by barrel at reduced -rates.
' FERDINAND HOLTUM, 6\t California Bt.,
phone- Black 396; established 1885.
DR." H.- MCGREGOR WILLSON, graduate and
. M. D., Albany, N. Y., Bellevue - Hospital,
Medical College, New York City, College of
Physicians and Surgeons, Canada; late sur-
geon U. S. A. ; aside . from general practice
¦ special attention to medical and* surgical
diseases of women and children; deformities,
eye, ear, throat, heart, ruptures. . Hospital
and maternity hospital, 1122 Market, S. F.,
Cal.; hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sun., 2 to 4.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
' edy is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean and healthful, is not gummy
] or sticky;, no grease, no stain; never falls.
, Sold by .druggists, hairdressers or our office,
385 Geary St., The Star Remedy Co.
NOTICE TO ALL MY CUSTOMERS— I have
opened a new, fine store for - dry. cleaning
works. Imported laces and embroidered linen
. a specialty, on 1927 Polk . St., n#ar Pacific
ave.; formerly Van . Ness .ave., . corner of
Bush st. Yours respectfully, MRS. Y. DORA
.KINHNER. nee Spindler; tel. Larkin 4013;
25 years' experience. . •
ALL diseases of the scalp such as eczema,
dandruff, falling hair or itching scalp cured;
hair grown; gray restored. Dr. Parlow's
j famous Carboline External Absorbent; gives
' instant relief and cures eczema. Druggists
or Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny, room 12.
AN OPEN
CHALLENGE
Bring your own goods to us and we will
make and trim your suit or overcoat for $12;
It will introduce our work. MASTEN, ¦ the
Tailor.. 701 Geary st. .. ... ¦ . \
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
¦ $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WEALTHY gentleman with beautiful home,
excellent character and liberally disposed,
will marry for love and companionship. MR.
PERCIVAL, room D, 404 Vine St., Cincin-
nati,- Ohio. / ¦
I. JOHN JACOBSON, will not be responsible
- for -ony ¦ debts made by my wife, MARY H.
JACOBSON. after this date, as she has left
¦ "my bed and board.
REFINED widow, 29, wishes the acquaintance
of a gentleman of means; object matrimony;'
, references exchanged. Address box 4162,
¦ Call office. ..•-..-.
MIDDLE-AGED American widow/ wishes to
meet an honorable elderly gentleman; object,
matrimony. Address for 30 days box 41C6,
Call office. ' ¦ ¦
ELECTRIC light In every room — ¦Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooma;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $0 per. week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat-
- terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
RAO carpets wove to order and for. sale; also
. chenille-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, tn hank or chain, at lowest
ratee. ¦ Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
UP to date milliner will renovate and retrim;
old hats made new; will do work at yoor
home if desired; reasonable; phone Larkin
3C92. P15B Jones St. . ' '
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
. Ellin, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
¦CO., 3310-1312 Stockton St.. naar Broadway.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; flrst-claes sham-
poo, 50c: hair dried in 10 minutes; switches,
wigs. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT less than ccst, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market St. - ¦ '"
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
¦ hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and N Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
100 FINE visiting cards, with your name print-
ed like copper plate, 50c, delivered by mall.
ALAMEDA CARD CO.. Alameda, Cal.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave; send
dime and birth date. PROF. J. MYERS,
Chicago.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,3320'Farrell; send for circular.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc.,233 Geary,r.27.
SAFEST method; electric massage; ladles only;
¦ 50c treatment, 1st free. Call, add. 334^ 10th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton,' 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
¦ electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS, 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
: electric necdle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
instantly; 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
Mrs. Brlggs^-Superfluous hair, moles- destroyed
by electric needle. 968,Sutter; tel.Larkln3171.
MASQUERADE, costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suite. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and'Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tha
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. .
PHYSICIANS ASP SHtGEOSS.
ABSOLUTELY-FREE CONSULTATION— All
'diseases of men and women ' treated success-
fully. ¦ Prepare all .medicines myself. . DR.
FORDEN, No. 6 Turk St., corner Mason. ;
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st. ; hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^-Offlce and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. Sixth and .Seventh.
ROOMS ' FO R HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and SOLAR flats, 525 and 531^urkTtT;
' first-class; new bldg. ; housekeeping suites.
BELL, The, 1773 Market— Sunny parlor suite;
' grate and kitchen, with gas range; $22 50.
CAPP, 533— Parlor .floor., of 3 unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping. . ¦-
CLAY. 1523— One or three unfurnished rooms.
FELL 253— One or. two rooms, with or with-
out housekeeping. , : '
• FULTON, 671 — 2 furnished I rooms, complete ¦
, for housekeeping; separate entrance; no chil-
S <3ren;$9. -. ¦
HOWARD," "728 — Two housekeeping rooms,
; complete, ', reasonable; single room $5 month.
HOWARD, '¦ 1063 — 2 sunny connecting, com-
pletely, furnished bay-window rooms; range;
•'others.'. - - ' '. * ¦"¦_-' -.¦ _ ¦
HYDE. 127 — 1 or 2 front sunny rooms,- complete
for housekeeping;, newly renovated;' no. bills.
HYDE. 408— Nice suite, furnished for house-
keeping,. $15; also rear basement suite, yard,
. laundry, $14. ,. ;
MINNA-,- 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
:. ing^nd- single ToomB, 75c and $1 per week. '
NINTH, 113—2 .'sunny^i. housekeeping rooms;
1 > running water; gas; stove; reasonable. ."
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner h Geary— Sunny . fur-
nished bay-window;, closets; gas; stove;
housekeeping. '-. ; -. ~; ' •' ¦-.- : -.-•.,•; .-:
O'FARRELL. 1315— Unfurnished ' lower floor. 3
. rooms," yard, laundry,; $15;. phone Scott. 858.
SEVENTH, 178— Cheerful ;• sunny connecting
rooms; large yard; and bath.
STOCKTON. 1206-^Model house; fine new fur-
• inlture; single or double rooms.
' ¦ ' PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CON'HcACTORS— Oflics "^"Th,
Veterans" Home of California, room 13. 333
Eansome st.. San Fraacisco, Cal. — Ccder and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act ta
provide for the erection of a modem hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located a-
Yountville. Napa County. Cal.." and ap pro -
¦\ priating $25,000 therefor (approved Marc^
*6, 1901. Statutes l&Ol. page 823). and in
accordance with the resolution of the boar.l
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12. 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Homa of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
• sealed proposal* for furnishing the material*
and performinc tne labor for the erection
and construction*^ of said hospital building, at
the said "Veterans' Home at Yountvllie, Naca
Connty, in accordance with the plans, de.
ccriptions. bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. da Colmesnll. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
tealed proposals will be lot, made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at tbe office of the !>aid di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13.
820 Sansome st.. Ean Francisco. Col.
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered Into as herein
above set forth, for each of tb« following
parts of said building, erection or structure,
including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of tne State In relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23. 1873.
Statutes 1875-6. page 427). and the acts
• amendatory thereof, that ia to say for tha
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, eldc«
trie and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing -work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
slating work, and
Bixth. for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and . specifications, including ta»
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work 1 Is .to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its said board of
directors. . -"
A separate contract will be let for as many
different kind* of work as are berelnabovo
Bpecifled. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his- proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said proposal or bid shall be accepted tha
' party proposing or bidding win duly enter
¦ into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, i n accord-
ance with said proposal or bid, and the plans,
description*, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part of this notice and
ef any contract to be let hereafter.
Eaid sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or ii» the secretary there-
of, at tbe office of cal<3 directors, room 13.
820 Sansome St. In the city and county of
Ean Francisco, State of California, on or
before the hour cf 1:30 p. n. of the twenty-
second day of March, 1902. which is hereby
designated as the time and nlaea whero th»
paid sealed bids or proposals win be opened
- by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made.
If tn the opinion of said board cf directors
of the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
. shall not be for the best Interests of tha
State, «aid board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as in their, opinion may be for
the best Interests of the State, under and ia
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the eaid act entitled. "An
net to regulate contracts on behalf of that
Btate in relation to erection and -buildtnsr*'*
UPProved March 23. 1876, Statutes 1373-6.
page 427). or to reject any or all of said
sealed bids or crocosals.
Kor further Information and particular*
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth.
By order of the board of directors of ta»
Veterans' Home of California.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
Wash.. March 4. 1902. — Sealed proposals ir»
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a' m
April 4. 1902. and then opened, for the con-
struction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash of
a subsistence storehouse. For full Informa-
tion, plans and specifications apply to this
office. United States reserves right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or- any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for construc-
tion of a subsistence storehouse at Vancouver
Barracks, Wash." and addressed to under-
signed. J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
20 SQUARES asphalt roofing. Building, Bry-
ant and Ellery sts.. near Second. '
f i' v MABBIAGE UCENSE&
The following marriage licenses w«re issued,.,
Harry M. Armstrong. 86, 194S Buchanan
jtre-t and Helvilda C. L. P. Schafersteln, 23,
194S Buchanan street.
Jacob Blum, 35. Newman, and Clara Plaut.
25. 823 Ellis street.
W. Re Don Bailey. 23, St. Louis. Mo., and
Annette E. Mullon. 18, 1037 Market street.
William A. H. Waldeck. 39. 1101 Pine Btreet.
and Elsa N. Hallberg. 2O. 1101 Pine street.
Arthur C. S. Horeton, 38. 605 O'Farrell
Btreet. and Abbla L. Bell, 36. 630 O'Farrell st
Peter N. Olson, 3S. 473 Shotwell street, and
Rose Sawyer, 28. 424 Shotwell street.
John C. Plato, 23. 3030A Sixteenth street,
and Freda Mayer. 21. 338 Lexington avenue.
John M. Fraser. 31. Eureka, and Jennie E.
Barnes. 33, Sacramento. ¦ . ¦
William Dunn. 35. Newark, and Julia E
Brown, 20, Oakland.
Robert J. Brownfleld. 27, Fort Baker, and
Bertha B. Noel. 21, Madison. Mo.
Joseph L. Bartlett, 58, 421 Corbett road, and
Martha J. Darnley, 34, 421 Corbett road.
Wilhelm. H. Mlngst, 23. 662 Fulton street,
and Irene Albert, 26, 735 O'Farrell street.
Karl O. Ellis, 25, 3978 Sacramento street,
and Ernella Tyne. 23. 2215 California, street.
Phillip Dodlnl. 24, Duttons Landing, and
Theresa Cereda, 19, Cordelia.
BIRTHS-JtAmeES-DEATE
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall ¦will not be inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and b»
indorsed with tha name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tha same published.
BOBM".
ALEXANDER— In this city. March 2. 1902, to
the wife of Harry C. Alexander, a daughter.
BOCCA — In this city. February 23. 1902. to tha
wife of William A. Bocca. a daughter.
CLARK— In this city, February 24. 1902. to
the wife of Stephen T. Clark, twins.
CURRAN— In this city, March 4. 1902, to tha
wife of E. Curran, a daughter.
FLYNN — In this city. March 2. 1902. to ths
wife of William Flynn. a son.
FULTON— In this city, March 4, 1902, to the
-.^ w i re T ? f -^ **• * daughter.
MEYER— In this city, to the wife of P. Meyer,
a son.
MOHR— In this city. February 20. 1902, to tha
wife of Jacob Mohr, a daughter .
SCHINDLER — In this city. March 2 1902. to
the wife of W. Schindler. a son.
TOBELMANN — In this city. March 4, 1902. to
the wife of Fred Tobelmann, a son.
TREUHOLTZ-In Fort Egbert. Eairle City.
Alaska, February 5, 1902, to the wife of Dr.
C. A. Treuholtz. a son.
VAN CROMBRUGGHE— In this city. March 1.
1902. to the wife of H. Van Crombrugghe, a
son. ' .
MARRIED.
GOODTJLL— HASWELL — In Oakland.' March
2. 1902. by the Rev. E. R. Dille, John Ray-
mond Goodull of San Francisco and Lulu
Musette Haswell of Oakland.
JENNINGS— STEFFEN— In this city. Febru-
ary 27. 1902. by the Rev. Father Griffen,
John F. Jennings and Annie Steften.
LEONARD— NYR— In this city. March 5. 1902
by the Rev. Carson Shaw. John Leonard of
Stockton and Mary Nyr of East Oakland.
DIED. ""
Bullene, Gertrude A. McMenomy. Mary A
Cahill. Edward F. Maata, Louisa C *
Curtin, Michael J. Madson. Ole
Darius. Mamie Maharan. Maitij* •
Donniker, Mary Milloglav, NX«i1k» ¦
Easton, Charles Morgan. Teta J
Foppiano, Peter pf" »;v«.i«» y^
Galla-her, P. H. >erron. Ma?5ie~
Graham, Mary J. PoT.rcy, Lidia \.
Griffith, Edwin L. «elea, Anna
Harrington. John D. ?tose. Jesse J
Hart, Catherine Scheper. William
Hart. Miss Jessica Shay, Mary A.
Horn, Mary A. V. Smith. Joseph G.
Langstadter, S. Taber. Mary C.
Lark, Daviil B. Thunran, Emma L.
Lennon. Catherine .VanCurren.Henrietta
Linn, Jacob Van de Mark. C. B.
MiCann. Ellen Von Ploennies. A.
McCulloch. Matilda Wood, Edward N.
McDonald. Alexander""
BULLENE— In thls^city. March 7. 1902, Ger-
trude A., ' be'oved and yountcest daustrter ot
Edward E. and Marsraret M. Bullrne. idol-
ized sister of Genevieve and Norbert Bul-
. lene, and .granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Fennessey, a native of San Fran-
" cisco. aged 1 year 10 months and 12 days.
E7"Ths funeral will take place to-d«v
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parent3 -
reside-nce, > 1318 Florida street. Interment
private,- Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAHILL— In Oakland. March 7. 190'J. Edward
F. Cahill, father .of Chester E. and -Harold
T. Cahill, a native of ' Weaverviile. aseel -fcj
years.
CUIITIN— In this city. March 7. 1002, Michael
J.. beloved husband of Hannah Curtin. ar.a
¦ uncle of Baitholomew and James Curtin. ;i
native of BrosnauEh," 1 County Kern'. Ire-
land, aged eti years. (Now York and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place to-dayFROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
BInrch 0.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier II
Banta Ana. Seattle & Tacoma .. 10 am Pier 2
Spokane. . . San Diego & .Way.. 9 am Pier 11
O. w. Elaei Aetorta A Portland 11 am fur
o t, !, March 10. j
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pler 2
Eureka.. i. Humboldt » am Pier la
_. « , MnrcU 11.
Phoenix Mendoclno City 8 pm|Pier 13
North >wk Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
c«;;7v,\y Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Banta <-ruz ean Pedr0 & way.. t> amiPier n
MttrcU IS. I
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 mjPier 13
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier a
Meteor. . . ; . Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm|Pler —
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 0 am|Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way.. 12 miPler lo
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... 10 amiPler 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pler w
jHiircli 13. |
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ -.11:30 p Pier 9
Iaqua...... Seattle direct ...... | 9 am Pier 28
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | 3 pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays, Harbor | 5 pm|Pler 2
Coptic... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Marc It 14. - |
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orr'd 12 m|Pler 13
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma.. | 5 pm|Pler 8
Columbia.. Astoria & Portluna-U um<Pl«r 2t
MnrcU 15. | I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 2 pm|Pler 2
Eonlta Newport ft W»vPt»i y am'fltr 11
Lakme Astorla*& Portland Pier —
G Dollar.. Grav« Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Marcli 17.
Argyll ..•• N. Y. .vm Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Queen..... Pujiet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Rival. ...•¦ I Wiiiovn Harbor.... 0 pm Pier 2
. March 18.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Newport... i Panama & Wnv Pts 12 m PMSS
f '.'. March 2O.
Ventura...- Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
Alliance. . . Portland & Coos B Pier —
TO SAIL.
Builders' Contracts.
John Schussler (owner) with Shepard Bros
(contractors), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg—
Gas fitting and plumbing for a three-story
frame building on SE corner of McAllister anj
Franklin streets, E 05 by S 88; $3430
Same owner with Gustav Fricke (contrac
tor) architect same-Painting, graining and
varnishing for same on same; $1225.
F. Mlcheelsen (owner) with John H. Munster
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffer All
work except mantels, shades, gas fixtures con
crete foundations and basement floors 'for a
one-story frame residence on E line of Hamp
shire street. 101:6 N of Twenty-fifth N 100 bv
E 100, M. B. 170; $3000. ' xw Dy
Emma L. McCaffrey (owner) with Charles J
Antwller (contractor), architect none All work
for a three-story frame building on S line of
Waller street, 150:3 W of Fillmore, W 25 by
S 1 *-0 j $6100. v
Charles E. Fredericks (owner) with H. Wil
liamson Company (contractors), architects
Havens & Toeoke — Plumbing, sewerlns gas
flttlng and tiling for a 2-story, basement and
attic frame building on lot on N line of Va
llejo street, 171:10% W of Fillmore, W 34:4«A
by N 1J7:6; $1547. .- °*-* n
Crccker Hotel Company (owners) with Ed
ward E. Jones and George F. Smith (con
tractors), architects Bliss & Favllle— Erection
of 2000 tons of structural steel for a 10-story
and basement hotel building on lot on NW
corner of Geary and Powell streets N 137 -C
by W 1C5: Sio.360. ' '"
Napoleon Vasilatos (owner) with J. Ham
mond & Co. (contractors), specifications by
contractors — Elevator work and car for a 4-
Btory er.d basement frame building on lot on
N line of Eddy street, 137:0 E of Hyde E
32:0 by N 137:6; $1820. . ,-,h:-7
Same owner with H. Williamson Company
(corporation), architect T. Paterson Ross-
Steam heating and heater for same on same*
Elizabeth R. Smith and Laura K Isaacs
(owners) with Fred Miller (contractor), archi
tect same — All work for a two-story basement
and attic frame building (two flats) on E line
of Spruce street. 02:8V4 N of Sacramento N
30 by E 87:0; $5114. ' w
Ann Clark Hart (owner) with Osorjre Moore
(contractor), architect Newton J. Tharp Exca
vation, concrete piers and foundations filling
around walls for a four-story and basement
brick building on SW line of Tenth street 175
SE of Market, SE 40 by SW 140 M B 5
$2875. ' ' ' '
Charles Newman (owner) with Ickelhelmer
Bros, (contractors), architects Havens & Toepk<>
— Plumbing, pas fitting, sewering, marble
work, tiling. *>tc, for a four-story and base
ment brick building ut Intersection of .Market
Kearny and Geary utreots. 38:0 on Market',
28 on Kearny and 30:. r > on Geary; $1805
Nothing takes the conceit out of a
bachelor like marrying- a'widow.
Reinsurance Bates.
Reinsurance on. the French bark Olivier de
Clisson was yesterday advanced to 40 p«r cent
and on the Ernest Legoure to 30 per cent.
Exports by Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday for
Panama and way' ports, with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $63,030, manifested
and destined as follows: For Mexico, $7352;
Central America, $53,840: Panama, $2138; Cal
lao, Peru, $G00. The following were the prin
cipal exports: . • ¦
To. Mexico — 3390 lbs bread, 201C lbs dried
fruit, 510 lbs butter, 28t< lbs ham and bacon,
705 lbs meal, ,42 cs canned goods, 3ti0 lbs cod
fish, 20 bis paste, 1S5 gals wine, 75 cs whisky,
25 bales paper, 4 pkgs wagon material, 34
bales bags, 250 boiler tubes, 271 pkgs hard
ware, 12,000 ft fuse, 4 pkgs agricultural im
plements, U cs firearms, 31 cs sewing machines,
li.pkgs machinery, 25 cs coal tar.
To Central America — 120G bbls flour, 29,533
lbs corn, ll,:{4(i lbs beans, 22,3tK) lbs malt, 2U20
lbs meal, 3300 lbs lard, 43,150 lbs rice, 15,000
lbs eulphur, 2072 lbs spices, 10,770 lbs tallow,
400 lbs raisins, 505 lbs 'bread, 5 pkgs bottled
beer, . 47 ctls barley, 31 cs assorted canned
goods, 7400 sals coal oil, 150 bales cotton, 18
bales cotton domestics, 15 cs cartridges, 325
lbs dried fruit, . 100 pkgs dry goods, 47 pkg3
drugs, 2(52 pkgs groceries and provisions, 15S
pkgs hardware, 5S0 lbs hops, 4 cs 24 ga'.3
liquors, 12 balea leather, 18,478 ft lumber, 02
pkffs nails, 33 crs onions, 62 crs potatoes, 4G
pkgs pipe, 9 pkgs paste, 102 pkgs paints and
oils, IS coils rope, 49 cs canned salmon, 30 cs
soap, 1225 lbs leaf tobacco, 320 reels barbed
wire, HI kegs staples, 2017 gals 8 cs wine, 33
To Panama— 250 bbls flour, 23.7S3 ft lumber,
40 cs canned salmon, 44 cs assorted canned
goods, 1000 lbs dried shrimps.
To Callao, Peru — 4305 lbs dried shrimps.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 8.
Stmr Luella, Olsen, 21 hours from Bowens
Landinc.
Stmr. Westport, Erlckson, 45 hours from San
Pedro. ' •
Stmr Oregonian, Carty, 61 days from New
York, via St Lucia 53 days, via Coronel 22
days.
Stmr Edith, Hall, 7% days from Seattle.
Stmr Bedwood City, Hanaen, 23 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 39 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepson, 72 hours from
Victoria and way Ports.
Tug Defiance, Shaw, 32 hours from Eureka.
Bark Alden Besse, Kissel, 10 days from
Honolulu. t -
Bchr Etta B. CamDbell, 5 hours Trom Point
Reyes
CLEARED,
Saturday, March 8.
¦ Stmr- Alameda. 'Herrlman, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels &. 'Bro» Co.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
Btmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Antorla; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. ¦¦ '¦•
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ¦
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Spokane, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch
Bktn Irmsrard, Schmidt, Honolulu f William*.
Dlmcnd & Co
SAILED.
Steamer. , From. \ j Due.
San Pedro Grays Harbor Mar 9
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Mar." 0
CltyPuebla.. Puget Scupd Ports .... Mar. 0
Tltanla Nanilmo Mar. 9
Iaqua Eureka Mar. 9
Phoenix Mendoclno City Mar. 9
Argyll... ..... New York via Panama. Mar. 0
Mandalay Coquille River Mar. 0
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 'J
Galena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 9
Isls Seattle Mar. 9
Maria Nanaimo Mar. 0
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 10
S.Portland.. C003 Bay Mar 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Mar. 10
Newport Panama & Way Porta... Mar. 10
Meteor Tacoma Mar. 10
1'omona Humboldt Mar. 11
G. Llndauer.- Grays Harbor Mar. 11
Amor. Maru.. China & Japan Mar 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar! 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria Mar, 11
Progreso Seattle Mar. 11
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 11
Victoria Comox Mar, 11
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 11
Pleiades Seattle ' Mar. 12
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 12
HonitM Newport & Way Ports,. Mar 12
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Mar. 12
Coronado Santa Barbara .". Mar 13
Queen....:... l'uget Sound Ports Mar! 13
Eureka...... Humboldt Mar 13
Spokane San Diego" & Way Ports. Mar! la
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar. la
Hermonthls.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. 15
O. XV. Elder. Portland & Astoria. .. ..|Mar 16
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Ports. IMar. 16
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 17
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.. |Mar. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports IMar. 18
Newburg San Pedro Mar. 18
Peking.. .... .China & Japan .: | Mar. 19
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Her Maiden Voyage.
The new barkentine Amazon sailed yesterday
for Port Hadlock, where she will load lum
ber. This is her first voyage. - She la owned
by Matthew Turner, who built her.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The barkentine Omega is chartered for lum
ber at Willaoa Harbor for Sydney at 3Ss 9d,
jirior to arrival. . , "
The bark C. D. Bryant loads coal at Ta
coma for Honolulu.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives 'the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Defiance Eeturns From Eureka.
" The tug Defiance returned yesterday from
Eureka, where she left the new barkentlne
Koko Head." The Defiance towed the barken
tlne to Eureka in good time and made a smart
back.
O Time Time Time (Time
g, Ft. Ft. Ft ¦-. Ft.
? L W H W L W H W
9 4:39 1.8 10:57 5.2 5:00 0.7 11:45 6.1
10 5:22 1.4 11:45 6.2 6:47 1.0
H W Ij W H W I. XV
11 0:15 .5.1 6:09 1.112:33 5.0 6:25 1.4
12 0:47 5.2 6:D5 O.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 1.8
13 1:22 5.2 7:4« 0.7 2:2S -4.5 7:4S 2.2
14 2:01 5.2 8:40 ' 0.6 3:30 4.2 8:40 2.(5
15 2:50 5.1 9:52 0.5 4:55 4.1 9:42 2.8
Active Smashes Wharf.
The United States tug Active, while docking
yesterday at Washington street, ran into the
wTiarf and did considerable d&mage. In addi
tion to smashing the wharf she knocked down
five oiles. - - ¦ l;»*i:i<iii» -
Sun ri3e3 6:30
Sun sets C:ll
Moon sets (new) .....0:00 p. m.
San Jose Sails.
The Pacific Mail steamship San Jose sailed
yesterday for Panama and way. ports. She car
ried a large cargo and among her passengers
were F. E. McKlnstry, J. C. Turner, G. W.
Harris and J. L. M. Shetterly.
Arrives From New York.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Compa
ny's Oregonian arrived yesterday from New
York She brought a large cargo and encoun
tered a series of southeast«rly gales, from
•which, however, she sustained no damage. Her
time from New York was sixty-one days. She
•was rvrenty-two days from Coronel and fifty
three days from St. Lucien.
NOTE — The liigh and low waters occur at
the city front tMisslon-street whart> about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
•Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
To Command W. F. Babcock.
A H. Moxon, chief officer of the American
ship Roanoke, starts to-day' for New Tork. He
has been appointed to command the ship W. F.
Babcock now at that port. Captain Moxon will
be accompanied by his wife, who has been ship
mate with him on the Roanoke, and will here
after preside at the cabin table of the Bab
cock.
MAINE FARMER FINDS
PROFIT IN RAISING FOXES
Silver Gray, Bring Fancy
Prices.
Pelts of Some Varieties, Such as the
A small area of an acre and a half of
rough, rocky hillside land in the town of
Dover, Fiscataquls County, is one of the
best paying farms in Maine. It la owned
by Eijah Norton, and while he neither
plows nor reaps, as do other farmers,
yet he makes a good bit of money each
year. He raises nothing but foxes.
The farm is located within a few min
utes' walk of the center of the village,
and is always an interesting place to visit.
It is inclosed by a high wire fence, which
is sunk down into the ground for a depth
of about five feet, so as to prevent the
animals confined within the Inclosure
from burrowing out. That this is a suc
cessful method of confining Revnard is
proved by the fact that in the three years
that the farm has been in existence not a.
fox has escaped.
There are now held captive in the in
closure about fifty animals, silver gray,
Alaska blue and a few of the common
ted foxes. The Alaska blue foxes were
brought to Mr. Norton some years ago
and cost him considerable money, but
they have bred i and increased and their
hides are worth from $30 to $50 each. They
have proved a very paying investment.
The silver gray's fur Is most valuable,
the price quoted always being In the hun
dreds for a single pelt, while a* thousand
dollars for a hide is not uncommon.
The highest price that Mr. Norton ever
received for one of these pelts was $2900.
What makes the fur of the silver gray fox
so valuable is that the robes of many of
the foreign potentates have to be trimmed
with it, and they being very scarce a good
one commands almost any price.
The skin 'of the common red fox is worth
from $1 50 to $3. so that there Is money in
raising them. Still Mr. Norton makes his
greatest efforts with 'the silver gray ani
mals, and so far has been very successful.
The animals are very tame and will
come at a whistle from their owner, and
when he feeds them it is a very Interest
ing sight, for they fight over the scraps
of meat- and bones that are thrown them
like a lot of dogs. The different breeds
are kept in seperate inclosures, the main
inclosure being subdivided by lower
fences, and in each subdivision there is
from one to three small houses for the
protection of the animals in the storms
of summer and during the cold of winter.
— TXJNDON, March' 8.— The head of the
Cunard steamstiip line at Liverpool tele
graphs this morning as follows:
"We know the Etruria is proceeding
slowly and there may be some little time
yet before we hear from her. There is
no ground for uneasiness."
NEW YORK, March S.— A representa
tive of Vernon H. Brown & Co., local
agents of the Cunard . line, said to-day
that no anxiety was fel£ because the
Etruria had not been heard from since
she was spoken by the Ottawa 400 miles
west of Fayal on February 28. The Et
ruria, which had lost both propellers and
rudder, was then in tow of the Clyde
liner William Cliff, and was being towed
at the rate of from fifty to sixty miles
a day. The local Cunard line officiate
think the ship may not be reported before
Tuesday or Wednesday.
Mr. Hepworth, the Marconi operator on
board the Cunarder Lucania, which ar
ilved here to-day, did muca wireless talk
ing during the run over.
"Knowing that the Etruria was over
due," sdid Hepworth, "I kept calling her
at frequent . Intervals for the first two
days we were out "this trip. . On Tuesday
night I caught the Campania, eastward
bound, and by this time suspected tnat
something had gone wrong with the
Etruria. I told the Campania to look out
l'or her. I talked with the Campania
operator for about three . hours, sending
a number of messages for the passengers.
I had a talk with the Nantucket ligluahip
last night. The operator there gave me
the first news of the Etruria's accident."
Marconi Operator Tries to
Find Her, but Without
Success.' :
Cunard Company Feels
No Uneasiness for
In spite of late arrival and subsequent
detention in quarantine the Oceanic
Steamship Company's , Alameda sailed
yesterday for ' Honolulu promptly on
schedule time. She carried a heavy cargo
and sixty-flve passengers. The damage
done by the sea to the 'wheelhouse on. the
previous voyage was all repaired before
sailing time, and when she cast off her
lines there was not a trace to be seen of
the Injury wrought by the storm.
Mrs. E. C. Macfarlane was'a passenger
and on board the steamship was the body
of her husband, the late E. C. Macfar
lane, which will be burled at Honolulu.
The other pasengers were
C. E Abbott. Miss C. Abrahamson, F. W.
Aust, H. E. Baker, XV. H. Baugh, John H.
Bliss, A. N. Brown and wife. Miss Mab Buch
ly, W. B. Cait, Mrs. Cait, H. A. Chapman. C.
D. Chase Mrs. Chase, Mrs. S. B. Cheek, C.
M. Cooke, Mrs. H. XV. Craft, F. F. Crowson,
E. L. Cutting, S. Ehrlich, Miss L. Fay, Albert
Frank Mrs Frank, Miss Johanna Frem, Mrs.
E. L. Geddings, J. Hayden. Mrs. M. W. Her
rick W. J. Howatt, Mrs. Howatt, Miss G.
Johnson, Miss H. G. Hufcut, C. W. Kiley,
L. B. Kerr, Mrs. E. C. Macfarlane, Mrs. Mac
fa'rlane G Macfarlane, W. Macfarlane, R. W.
Madden, M. J. McCune, Mrs. McCune and
two children. B. F. Parker, A. R. D. Paterson,
E. Prickett,' Mrs. Prlckett. Miss Grace Rob
ertson S. W. Rose, A. M." Scott. H. McD.
Spencer, EY D. Tenney, Mrs. Tenney, W. K.
Vickery Mrs Vickery. ¦ Master Vickery, Miss
H Wal'deyer, E. H. F. Wolter, F. W. Mac
farlane and Miss M. L. Woodruff.
Alden Besse Arrives Leaking.
The bark Alden Besse is the latest arrival
to report damage sustained on the bosom of an
unpaclflc Pacific. She arrived yesterday, nine
teen days from Honolulu, with her deck3
wrecked by heavy seas and leaking at the rate
of two and a half inches per hour. The
A.lden Besse left Honolulu February 9, but
was obliged to put back on account of spring
ing a leak. Eleven hundred tons of sugar were
discharged, repalr3 effected and on February
17 the voyage was resumed. Heavy south
westerly gales were encountered from the be
ginning of thevoyage. These were accompanied
by high seas in which the bark labored heav
ily On March 6, about 400 miles west of San
Francisco an extra severe southwester came
along filling the decks to the rail, smashing
the boat on the starboard quarter, staving in
the galley doors and carrying away the bul
warks on the port side. The main topmast
«tay was carried away and the constant strain
and jar of wind and heavy sea coused the bark
and jar of wind and heavy sea caused the bark
earn of the water as It came in. but as soon
as the cargo is discharged the Besse will be
given a thorough overhauling.
; • — ¦ . . . ¦ - - . ' . . -.- -; . , ~
Takes Many Passengers for Honolulu— Bark
Alden Besse : Reaches Port Leaking Badly
and With Decks Wrecked by Heavy Seas
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO — Arrived March S — Stmr Noyo,
from Fort Brace.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 8— Stmr
Oceano, from Manila: schr Allen A, from Hilo.
Sailed March S — Bktn Newsboy, from Hono
lulu.
Passed outward — Ship Edward Sewall, for
Honolulu; Br bark Dudhope, for United King
dom. ' >
COOS BAY— Arrived March 8^-Stmr Em
tire, hence' March 5.
Barbound March 8 — Stmr South Portland.
To sail March 10 — Stmr Empire, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed March S— Stmr Czarina,
for San Francisco: bktn Quickstep, for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed out March 8 — U S stmr
Dlx, from Seattle, for Manila; ship Edward
Sewall, for Honolulu. »
SAN PEDRO — Sailed March 8 — Stmrs Signal
and Samoa, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March 8— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence^March C.
Sailed March 8 — Stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 8 — Br ship Terrls
dale, from Cape Town; stmr Sequoia, hence
March 5: ship St Nicholas, hence March 1.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 8 — Stmr Queen,
from Tacoma; Br stmr Oceano, from Manila.
The BT stmr Oceano. from Manila, reports
passing through a field of Ice 20 miles long on
March 1. Passed a painted portion of a baric
110 miles west of Cape Flattery.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived March 8 — Bktn
Newsboy, from Melbourne. -
Sailed March S — Shlj> Invincible, for Port
Ludlow. . •
PORTLAND— Sailed March 8— Stmr Forest
Home, for San Pedro: stmr Fulton, for San
Francisco; stmr Lakme, for San Francisco;
stmr Columbia, for San Francisco; ship Queen
Elizabeth, for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed March 6 — Br etmr
Duke of Fife, for Tacoma.
DOVER— Passed March 7 — Fr bark Marechal
de Turt-nne. hence Nov 3, for Queenstown.
HONGKONG— Sailed March 4— Ger bark
Vlsurjrls, for Port Townsend. March 8 — Jap
stmr Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
CHRISTMAS ISLAND— Sailed Drlor to Feb
17 — Nor stmr Kvarven, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Sailed March 8 — Ger stmr Pen
taur, for San Francisco. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK^- Arrived March 8 — Stmr
Prinzesin Victoria Luiae, from West Indies
cruise, via Charleston.
Sailed March S — Stmr Kronprinz Wllhelm
for Bremen; stmr Amsterdam, for -Rotterdam;
stmr Umbrla. for Liverpool: stmr Trave, for
Naples; stmr Mlnnchaha. for London; stmr
Carthagenian, for Glasgow; stmr Pennsylvania,
for Hamburff.
BOSTON — Arrived March 8 — Stmr Sylvanla,
from Liverpool. . ' '
. GENOA— Arrived March- 7— Stmr Kalserln
Maria Theresa, from New York, via Naples.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March 8—
Stmr Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Hongkong.
ANTWERP — Arrived March 8 — Stmr Frtes
land, from New York.
Sailed March 8 — Stmr Haverford, for New
Toi-k.
GLASGOW — Sailed March 8— Stmr Nor
wegian, for Boston.
CHERBOURG — Sailed March 8 — Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed March 8 — Stmr La Gas
cosne, for New York.
ALAMEDA SAILS ON TIME
CARRYING A HEAVY CARGO
ETRURIA SAFE,
SAY THE AGENTS
HEAL . ESTATE TEA2TSACTIOWS.
Husrh Corbett to Wilhalmina Harmon (wife
of Oscar) and Jessie Macdona'.d, lot on S line
of Ellis street, 105 W of Larkin, W 27:0 by S
120; gift.
Mary J. Hatch (Cusick) to David and Berth*
Abrams, lot on N line of Broadway, 25 E of
Franklin street, N 137:0 "by E 12:0, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Justine Hermclin (Weill) to Clara H. Wise
(wife of Wallace C), lot on N line of Pine
street. Sl:3 W of Buchanan, W 25 by N 110;
$10.
Wallace C. Wise to same, same; gift,
Candido and SerafUm Rlghetti to Kichard "W.
Costello, lot on N line ot Clay street, 137:6 W
of Walnut, W 34:4'/ 2 by N 127:6%; *10.
Josephine and Alfred Bouvicr to Cornelia K.
Nokes (widow) lot on NW corner of Sacra
mento and Laurel streets, W 37:0 by N 57; $10.
G. F. and Bine Ochs to David and Nellie
Koegel^ lot on NE3 corner of Cumberland, and
Dolores streets, E 25 by N 81); $10.
Mary B. and W. P. Pratt to William H. and
Anna J. Morrissey, lot on N line of Twenty
seventh street, 1(JOE of Dolores, E 25 by N
114; also lot on N line of Twenty-seventh
Etreet, 225 W of Guerrero. XV 25 by N 114; S10.
John and Kate MeCann to Georgrc E. Sud
Minnie Peace, lot on E line of Douglass street,
170 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 125; $10.
Edouard P. and Gabriel O. Gatlhard, Zoe
R. G. Manuspis, Marie B. R. Scrls (Manuspls),
Jean M. Sen3. Felecie G. Esplran (Manuspis),
Francoise or Comeres F. and-Auguste Lacomc
to Louise Gailhard. lot on E line of Montgom
ery street, 8<i:9 S of Pacific, S 50:9 by E l37:ti;
also lot on N line of Lynch street, 137:0 W of
Leavenworth, W ,77 by N CO; also lot on W
lino of Clay avenue. 97:0 N of Clay street, N
40 by W CS:9, Quitclaim deed; §10.
Gio B. and Catterina Casella to Gaetano
Cogorno or Gugorno, undivided one-half of lot
on N line of Union street, 159:0% E of Du
pont. E 37:11% by N 77:6; $1.
Henry J. Aden. L. G. and Jessie V. Harrier,
Samuel and Luella K. Hirst to Charles Schles-
Pineer, lot on N line of Sutter street.' 137 :<<
E of Mason, N 137:0, E CSil'/i, S 137 :C. W
07:9%; $10. ¦
Elizabeth B. Devlne to same, lot on N line
of Sutter street, 87:0 E of Mason, E 60 by N
i:>7:C; $10.
.Louisa Breeze to Douglas S. Watson, lot on
SW line of Spear street. 183:4 SE of Mission.
SE 45:10 by SW 137:0; $10.
James Lunney to Isabel Whelan. lot on NE
line of Seventh street, 191 NW of Folsom, NW
30 by NE 80; $10.
Granvllle B. and P. Carrie Gllman to Adolph
Elander, lot pn N line of Twenty-fourth street,
73 W of Vermont. W 25 by N 100: $10.
David P. Brown (by D. W. Loring and C.
F. Rilliet. trustees) to Continental Building
and Loan Association, lot on SE corner of
Twenty-second and Indiana streets. S 42:3,
SE 12S:5. NE 50, NW 115:9, W 27:1 (trustees'
deed); S397. /
Edward H. Love to C. J. Love, lot at Inter
section of W line of Warren street and NE line
of Palmer. N 120:4, W 00, SW 59, SE 126. lot
1. block 25, Fairmount; also lot on W line of
Warren street. 126:4 N of Palmer, N :6 by W
68:334, lot 3, block 25. same; $10.
Perry J. and Emma G. Smith to John Mc-
Dermott, lot on W line -of Munich street. 50
S-of Brazil avenue. S 25 by W 100. lot 8,
block S2. Excelsior Homestead; $100.
Annette Taussfg (widow) to Alice F. Mltau,
lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery (quitclaim deed);
$5.
Estate of Charles Sutro (by Charles and Al
fred Sutro. executors) to S. Ducas. lot 9, block
F, Haley purchase: also lot on NE corner of
Fourteenth and Dock .streets. NE 200 by SE
250. block 707, tide lands; $75.
Therese, Gustav, Alfred, Oscar and Anna
Sutro to same, same (two pieces); $10.
Emil Sutro to Judah Boas, undivided one
twelfth interest in the following: Lot on W
line of San Bruno road, 472.22 S from angle in
San Bruno road, distant 455.30 S from N line
of Patterson Tract. NW 297.64 NE 380 NE
435.S0. SE 300, SW 455.30, SW 472.22, P. V.
lots 267 to 281; also lot on N line of Railroad
avenue, 50 W of Bright street, W 25 by N
100, lot 3. block 01. City Land Association;
also lot on SE corner of Russia avenue and
county road, S 3£0 by E 100. lots 1 and 2.
block 5. Excelsior Homestead; also lot on SE
corner of First avenue and C street SW 100
by SE 1C0. block 35. Tide Lands; also lot on
N line of Second avenue, 200 SE of D street
SE 100 by NE 200, block 34, same; also lot on
S line of Front avenue, 250 SE of D street
SE 50 by SW 100, block 19, same; also lot
on S line of Front avenue, 300 SE of D street
SE 50 by SW 100. block 19, same; also lot
on W corner of Seventh avenue and D street
NW 75 by SW 100, block 148, South Sari
Francisco Homestead; also lot on E corner of
Nineteenth avenue and H street SE 75 by
NE 100, block 303, same; also lot on SW
corner of Seventh avenue, 225 SE of C street
SE 75 by SW 100, block 150, same; also lot
9, block F. Haley Purchase; also lot on NE
corner of Fourteenth avenue and Dock street
NE 200 by SE 200. block 707, Tide Lands; also
property outside of county, deed and assign
ment; $2500.
Alameda County.
Coleman Sullivan to Maggie Sullivan, lot on
N line of Pacific street, 124.24 E of Willow E
25 by N 100, lot 34, block 4U0, Gibbons Tract
Oakland; $10. >
Laura E. Abbott (-wife of S. B.) to George
Sterling, lot on S line of University avenue,
€25 W of Sacramento street, S 275.20 by W 312
lots 7 to 9. block 1. Map of Shaw Tract Quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $1.
J. W. and Sallle H. Richards to Claude N.
Berry, lot on E line of Shattuck avenue, 100.20
N of Aghby avenue, N SO, E 119.81 S 80, W
124.64. lots 23 and 24. block' C, Map of Ade
line Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Ella M. and I. W. Bridenbecker to Walter
H. Ratcliff Jr.. land lying between line drawn
from a point on Grove street. 135 from Inter
section of SW line of Delaware and Grove
thence at right angle to Grove, 100 feet and a
line beginning at same above point on •Grove
viz.: las from SW corner of Delaware and
Grove, from thence parallel with Delaware 100
and line Joining the two extremities of these
lines, as shown by notched portion in diagram
on deed, Berkeley: $10.
Kdward Kiely or Kelly and Mary E Klelv
(wife) to Michael J. Doyle, lots 0 and 7 btock
3, and lots 5 to 8, block 10, Map of McLeod
Tract, Livermore. Murray Township; $10
Arthur P." and LettieW. Holland, to" Julia
Smith (wire of J. H.), lot on N line of Twentv
seventh street, 215.87 E of Telegraph avenue
E 40 by N 93. portion of lots 3 and 4, Map of
Telegraph Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Bessie Merrlam (single) to Joseph A Fur
tado (single), lots C, 0 and 12, Map of E W
Woodward's subdivision of lot 10 of Dunniean
Oakland? #" S' a " d D> Peralta ra " cho °
Harrison A. and Clara W. Jones to Georee
Sterling, lot on W line of Baker street SON
of Felton. N 40 by W 128.07. lot 17 block fl
Map of Herzog Tract, Oakland; $10 '
Julia S. and William L. Taylor to Georire H
T , ri^ er ' '^. S 13 and "' bIock X - Amended Map
of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township- $10 P
Martha I. Goodwin (by David E. Marchus
attorney) to Ed Huoffker, lots 17 and 18 block
$10 ° Allendale Tract ' Brooklyn Township;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1902.
SUNDAY, MARCH 9.
Steamer. , For. I Balls.
Bertha. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway ft Way Ports. Mar, 12
DlrlRo fikagway & Way Port*. Mar. 14
13. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way .Pts. Mar. 15
Nom« City... Cooks Inlet ,* Way Pts. Mar. IS
Al-KI Bkajrway A Way Ports. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Hkutfwuy & Way Ports. Mar, 10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
March 8, l'J02.
The Time Ball on the tower of the IJerry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. e.. at noon of the 120th merdlan, or at 8
p. rr... Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. 9. -N.. In charge.
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
M Leal & w, Denver
H O Klsby. Buffalo
K W Fellet, Yonkers
J Woodvllle. Chicago
C fihepard. N Y
J W Louzhton. Vt
XV Krause, Newark •
XV Smith, N Y
XV Franty, Baltimore
II Gr^y. Uostnn
F C Noycs, Kcranao L
T Burke, Man*
XV IS Noonan, Conn
J (,'ar^y. Mans
M J McNIlen, ?.' Y
J W rlchnydcr, Pa
I) Ford, Boeton
T Hurley, JloMlon
V XV Calbrlck, » C
II Lanan, Chicago
T Cooncy, St Louis
XV A Ullllver. Ind
S K Halls, Ind
J G Scott, Utah
3 M Harvey, Sacto
C N Shields, Boston
F Glide, Hartford, .Con
A G Anderson, Iowa
G R Sundel!. Iowa
J II Jones, llaclne.WIs
O Newton, Seattle
Mr* Newton, Seattle
J Mailfoy, Ingleslde
15 Jowctt, Arizona
H Heheverkert, Nev
Mrs N L Menier. Chgo
J H Hutchens, Jierkley
Cl XV KdRnn, Sacto
I* 11 Newberry, S^Ioee
J Atdileon & w, Towa
J Hoyd, Portland
J Mi-Hull, HUUHrllltQ
T (inn. y, Mia lU-nu
Birthmark Came Late in Life.
The other day a well-known rounder,
somewhat the worse for a discolored eye,
walked into a downtown barroom, where
he met a number of his friends, says the
Milwaukee Sentinel.
"Hello, Jim." exclaimed one of the men
at the bar. "what's the matter with your
eye? Been getting into trouble?"
"Oh, no," replied the-, man; "that's a
birthmark." '
"A birthmark!" said the first sneaker In
nurprlne, "you did not hnv« It a few days
ago. How do you nrcpunt for a birth
mark npnoarlnj? at. this time of life?"
"Well," answered Jim by the way of ex
planation. "It's like thin: You boo. I went
down to Chioniro on tlio boat the other day
n$d on the way back I got into thq wrong
berth. "\
;;„;¦:; Saturday, March 8.
Btmr Arctic, ErlcUson, Eureka. '
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz, and not
yesterday.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Btmr Alamnda, Herrlman. Honolulu,
fitmr San Jose, Brown, Panama.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crencent City.
Btmr Santa Monica, Ol«en, Eureka.
' Btmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, Seattle.
8chr -Premier. Olaen, niatne.
SPOKEN.
Feb 0. lnt 10 N, Ion • 38 W— I)r ship Ach
nanhto, hence Oet I), for Queenstown.
Per «tmr Oresonlan— Feb 1, lat 37 00 8, Ion
C3 15 W, Hr barlt Afoerlemno, from Swansea,
for Piinta Arennti.
TilMSanAPHIC.
POINT LOnOB, March fl, 10 p m— Weathtr
cloudy; wind 8W, velocity 10 miles per hour.
39
BAH. WAY TBAVEIk
\Chicaco
IN LESS THAN
3 DA YS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. rn.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawing-Room Sleeping
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Li-
brary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars— meals a la carte. Dally Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. <3«ru Agent Pacific Cotst
• Palace Hotel San Francisco
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry
• Commencing September 23, 180L
FROMSAN FRANCISCO TO HILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. *
WEEK DAYS— 6:63, 8:30, *!*:30. H:0C a. m..
•1:45 8:15. 4:15. 5:15, •6:15, C:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at «:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'SiOO. •10:00. 'll^O a. m., •Uli.
8:15 »4:4D. C:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-;5:23 6:27 7:45 8:337 10:1a
a m., •12:25, 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTP.A TRIPS on Mondays, Wedae»4aya
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 9:55 p. m.
WEEK DATfr-0j4R, 6:45 7:8*-a:a». 10:ao
a rr 12'S5. 2:45. .3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:08. 10:05 a. ,m.. 12;03. 2:\\
a*ao B'OO. 0:45 p. m. ¦ .
8.8U ow, u THR o UOH TRAINS.
6:B5 a. m. week daya— Cazadero and way
'^^p. ro. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Bundays— Duncan Mills and way
Lesaf If.illday boat* and trains will ruu on
Sunday time. ' ¦ ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
WS* Sun- B-u , t .» tottolll|iW- . S«n- Week'
£HL ., «. -t m .™^t^ Pays.
? >3 9 A> ,££!*• 9+." ntun\H l» m M I*) »-00 P. Mi A.
i:13 t, 11:u0a. r.iii,«-i, 4:25 p. 5^54 r.
1:15 p. *• "• **** "^ *"''• 5:56 p.
r»r», I •« frui1« t* S.mmill .nrl Raton. It M,
B<k«tOfU.s *U MAXUTITIUIT u4 BAtSAiiTO JOM.X.
AUCTION SALES
%> 15O ISO 15O
ARRIVED!
Third Consignment of E>. MILLER HORSES.
Weight from 11G0 to 1500.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.
fcs 5^ .^>^
XUST ARRIVED.' ear'ead of ' the FINEST
"WORK. CAREIAGE and DRIVING HORPE9
ever broURht to this market, waighta from
1150 to 154X). all sound and broken. »SANT\
, CLARA MILK CO.. 721-72") Howard, street.
—
BALLWAY THAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
MAN *"1«A^«IS» «>.
(Main Li'ie. Foot cf Jlarket Street) ~n
LSATX — Fao« FtBRCART 9, 13C3 — AKRITV
7:OOa Ben'.cia. Suiiim, Elmira >o<V Sacra-
luento.. i (1 ,n , , B-5"i»
~sOOa Vaciville. Wluten. Run.sor 7:53»
« :3l* * M artiMex. Saul: mi.ioii. V nlieja N c pa.
C'altoti>g»aiidM:tnt» HatiK 6:23p
8:00a Datis, WmnlUml. KnigliU Landing.
MiirjBTme,«»rn»ill«, 7i»3r
8:OO* Atlautft: KxprMU— O-rfden and Kait H:2."»4
»!««* NUes. Lalhrop, Stockton 'Ct-tp
Sjooa Ntl«?s, Aleu.SoU, Uanford. V!mU*.
rofbtrvtilo k ... 4jS3>
SsSOa Sha»t» Kxvress- Ihnlx, Williams (for
i;»rtlftt K;irliiK8\ Wlllowa, Bed
Bluff. FortlsuA. 7sO9»
»iU«>l Sun .Inne. Lirermore, Stockton,
lone. Maonwitiulu, I'laortTiils,
M»rji»»iilf, C'hien. Kflil UliilT 4iS.1v
MtSR* Onk.UlH, ChiiiMe,Sunon. Tuolumne 4:3.1p
U:OWa liny war.l, Mlrs Bud Way Statiuns.. 1 1 :*•»»
0:<H»a Vnllrjo laiSSy
B:»«* Los Ani?«:«» ExproHii — lUartlnxr,
Tr»cj, Lathrop. .Stock lau, Mrrctd
FroHiMi »iul Lo» Anxoles 7:33*
*:&<•* Vail.),,, tfartliwz a>i<l TV»r HtalSona 7:»3f
IUKMia TIib Oreri*ni>. UnilteU— Ogden, L'ao-
»er. Omali*. (Tliicagn , SiSSr
? l:<M»pH;icr*iin.iil.i. l.'l.or ,Ste*mnm.... .. {ll:U»f
XiOMr Iteiiicla. Wiuten. Naeramenlo,
Wnuillitiifl. Knlichta IaikIIuk.
Mnrrn.illr. OmilMg ln:.V1 t
B:30p TInTTrard. NUea awl Way stations.. ?:>V3p
4i««p Martinvx, Man IUiihui, V»i:»ja.
Nairn. CHliatouM. Snnta Kona, »:S3a
4rfl«p Niles, Ijtermore. Stockton. Lo.li... l3<M3v
4:lH>r Haynrard. Nile*, HulJiik*, Ij»i>rmor» (S^Sa
4:X»pThe Owl Limited Fiesue, TnUre,
BakerifittlJ. Saiiju* for Santa Har-
h-.iTA, 1a>b AiiK«!e» S:33«
BiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton t U:33a
amitpMartliKz. Antioch. Stockton. Jler-
esd, Fresno ISxSSr
«:»«r lla/warO, Nllaa and Saa Juaa 7:3.1*
{OsOMr Valltij 11:334
o i oi»r Oriental Matt— Ogden, Dcnrer,
Omalta. 8t Lotus, Ohleaco «(23»
7iO(lr Oregon ami California Kx|irMi*,Niie>
ritniuiitii, Utantaiilla. IUuMIiik.
I'imLIkimI. I'ugst Huiiml ami East »i33»
•t««lpBan Pablo, for* < > o«t», M»rtlae»
ami Wa» Slatlcnn 11.23*
|H»O3p Tullr], 7i»ay
COAST IiTNE (Narrow ««n R «).
(Foot oHlnrhet Street.)
ail^A Nenark.t i v!itBr > llle,.SsiiJ.)i»«, Krlton,
Ilou'dtir Creek. Man'aCntxanil \V*»
Stations »«»»!
t*il .tr Newark, C'autsrvUle. 8an Jose/New
AlmaileD. fnltun. I'.ouUlor Creek,
Hants Cnn and l'riaeipal War
Stations „ l»i.i«t
4<I3p Neirark, Han ,1emt>. I?* Catoa <S:3<»*
ct.3 op Hnn tf n' Train -San' Jon aad W ay .
Butlom !7.aOF
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS FKiSCISCO— fjot tf lUrkat Street (Slip S>—
tV:16 U 00 1100*. m. I:C3 3:03 S.lSr.M.
rnnOKUn- r,tl f atntwtj.— 1*:00 ta.00 t3:0*
1Q:OO».M. 12:33 2C3 1:C3 r.M.
COAST IilNE (Kroa<! Hunt*).
(Third nud Towusenii Sts.)
' «:I«a San Joieind Wsy .statious.... M .... «t*»»
7:A0a Han June and Way .HtiUiuus... tS:»«A
/7:»m Nm Abrafen ,. /«ilttl>
• iOOa Coast Line Limited — Fan Jose.
Cilr.y. Halloa*. Bar. Lais Obiapn.
Sant» Darbara, I.o-* Acselrs uid
prindcal intermediatestatioiis.... IO;43»
IiOOa Hun .htm. Ties linos. HauU t'ruz,
r«oliie Urorn, t<&linu. 8an Luis
Cbiipo ami Prindi>ai intwmedlata
Stations 4:I0p
IOiSOa San Jcse and Way Station*. ItSC*
¦ I:U»A Mini .!<>«« am I Way HUtions 0:18*
1'J: ISr San Matra. Kedwuwl. Mttilo Park.
Valo Alto. fanU Clara. San Jose.
Tm FiaOS, Katnta Crux, Saliuaa.
Mmiieny mil I'liciUe Crma |10r-l3*
•snap HaaJoieaui) Way sutloim. liawr
«4:ISp SanJomaml Principal Way Stallom 8i30V
4i30r Snnaet Limited— Mondays, AVednn-
days, Kriit iy<. for Loj Angeles, El
Para New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays .' IVilS*
fStSOrSau Jom. Los Gatoa %nd Principal
WaySUtiong t»:«Os
Biaop 8an Jose an<l Principal Way Stations «:!t»r
BtinpSanJnacaml Wsy .Stations 7>3Or
7r90p Kew Orleans SrpTena— Pan Luff
Obijpo. Santa JSarhara, LoaAn-
eelea, D mliig. El Paao. Na* Or-
leans and Easi „ !!»•»»
11t43pSan Joaeay.l Way Nations 7»»l»»
A for M urning. ]> for A f tarnoon.
t flanday ezespted. t Similar only.
JtfaiUTOay only. / Tuesdays aitd FitdaQ^
Santa Fe
Train s— Daily.
Leave Marltet-gtrtet Ferry Depot.
Local 1 Luu'd Uvrl'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a) 0:00 a S:(K> p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
~ Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:Sua »:11 j>
"Fresno... 2:«5 p 2:33 f 3:15 a 10:50 p
"HanfortL. 3:12pj«:27p 8:0&a
"VUalia... 3:39p( 6:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15p 6:20p 7:45a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:13 p 0:00 p
a for raornins. p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
rur.a to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
.4 :2O p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. rr.. daily.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining: Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
. Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
• > LjESSESS
SAN FRANCISCO AM NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Smn Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUND AYS— 8:00. 9:30. ll:C0 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
£an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. (Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. lftOlj San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination! days. { Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, |10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm I) :30am Petaluma. j fi:05pm|I0:25an»
6:10pm 5:0Opm Santa Rosa. I 7 :33pm I 8:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:23am
9:00pm Healrtsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservtlle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, T:.1Spm 8:20pm,
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am!l0:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:30am "' 10 :40am 10 :23am
8:C0am Cuernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am! 8:40am
and I
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:0Zpm| C:2Cpm
7:30am) S:C0am| ~~ I10:40am| 10:25am
a^Opmf B:00pml Bebastopol. | 7^5pm| B :20pm
Stages connect at banta Rosa for Mark Wont
Springs and Whit* Sulphur 8prings: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtng*; at
Geytervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdato
for - the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlng*. Highland Springs. KelseyvtlU. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepon and Burnett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Burknell's.
HanheCrln Heights. Hullvllle.Orr's Hot 3prlng»,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westpcrt. Uaal,
Wllllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins, Bell » Spring*.
Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotia and Cur»ka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
dured rates.
On Sunday* round-trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Ratnol at half rates.
Tl.-Uet oftlcB, ttSO Marktt street. ChrontsU
building.
U. C. WHITINO. i n. X. nTAJf.
Gen. Manager. O«a. Pasf. Aft.
«Suntfay), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of .Tamos McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mifalon
Ktret-t, thence to St. Charles Church for ser-
vicvy ct 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
C ca-..-tery.
DAHIUS— In Alameaa. March C. l«»02. Mamie
beloved wife of J. O. Itarius. mother of Eth«M
Darlut. sister of Katharine Jones, and ni<*"e
cf Mi*, a. McCormick. a native of Sa.i
Francisco, affed -A years r» months and A
'\ui%.. A member of Oro Fino Parlor No. a,
N. D. G. \\\
FV Krlen-ls and acqunlntan*^ arc resjipct-
fuHj- irvited to attend the funeral to-day
? Sunday), at II o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 <"i Kverett etrect < Par li -street sta-
tion). Alameda. Interment 1-aurel Hiir
Cemetery. Pan Krarioisco. l<y 12 o'clock creek
route boat, arnvins in city at 12:U0 o'clock.
DONNIKEK— In this city. March (J. 19;c.
Man-, dearly beloved wife of Adam A. Don-
niker. an<1 ;--!ster of Mrs. Bridget O'Neill and
Mr?. Katie U. Thompson, a native- of County
Limerl<-k, Ireland, apvd 47 years.
C7Fkfcnda anj acmiaiisinncej" :ir»» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to'-day
tSunday), at 12::iO o'ciock, from the parlors
of fcfcAttqr & Co.. 12.::» Market street, be-
t«wi Kichth and Ninth, thrnce to St. Jo-
reirii'F Church for services. Interment Holy
Croai Cemetery.
EAPTO.V— In this city. M?rch S. 1902. Charles
beloved husband of Jane KaEton. a native of
Edinburgh, Scotland, ajjed 72 years.
rvi'PIANO— In thi» city. March 8. 11W2. Peter
dearly bilovcd sen of Nicholas and Emelia
Fopplaao. arid crar.dchild of Pietro Fow-
Plano r.nU Mrs. Mr.iia BacisaJupl, a native
"0 1 " rancl!!CO ' 8^ ed 2 years 7 months and
ttyi-'rieiidi" acd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Mcn.'.ay March 10. at I o'clock, at his
parents rtalJcncc, &22 Green street, thence
to l'c::nt O'lvct Omctcry.
GALL .ACi;EZt-ln il.'.s city. March 7. 1902.
<r<k*iJr aV l y H°, vtd hwbaiul of Anna C
JvS^rS* a -f" 51 years and 11 months.
<-\!?-l * ork , and Brooklyn l*Wis please copy )
(AlVr 52 **"« plaoe to-morrow
£^Tl i- - ,; i :45 ° cIock . from his late resl-
ti, . ,S , Itake u r FtrCet - thence t0 St - I«na-
ES* Ol1 r, ' where a MK>mn requiem high
ES? T ' :} • ,',° <^ I , ebrate<i lpr the t*!* 0 ** ot hla
vaVy C«is2r?. ferment Mount Cal-
GI J, A r! iA , M ~K-' 1 " tl:ls clly - March 7. 1902. Marr
CV^V, am> w:dow ot the late Thomas
*«^'^?' a natlv<? of County Down. Ireland.
?f. ' • ye . ars 10 months and 15 days. (Kan-
,.4.~t- 3 V lvnns - Papers please copy.)
h.j-1^rlcnds and ucquaintancee are respea-
HUjjr- .nvited to attend the funeral to-day
V'b' a ?Ji', ' ::{0 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
, " co ' ¦*¦ Halrht atreet. Interment Cypress
j^awn Cemeter>. by electric car from Eight-
ienili a-.><1 Guerrero >=tre»tE
SwSTcSSa?^ Fel>ruary '• 1002 ' E1 "
tTri:iieiai will take place Tuesday, March
,,V w U °' clock . at Trinity Episcopal
corner Eu?h and Gough streets. In-
u.T^t 111 Drivate - Rom emit flowers.
tl 1 r\ GT^->*- In lhis c:t >-- M*"* 7.' 1902.
t~ZtLSZ b fj ov<?d «n of I^aac and the late
i»t t Harrinfftoa. and brother of the
late l^f&c and Lydia HarrinrtOTi and Mrs.
a '?."' McEvoy. a native of .San Francisc ,.
years 11 months and 2 days.
n Frletl11 * an< l acnuaintancfs aie lespe-t-
ruiiy invited to attend the funeral to-day
• fcundayj, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
«ie Lnited Undertakers. 27 and 2» Fifth ,
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemeterj-. |
ill *~i n t^ is oit> ' Merch G - ia>X Catherin.:. i
beloved w,fe of the late John Hart, mother i
« Sunders. Mrs. J. A. Conroy and :
Choreas Hart end the late James and John I
Hart Jr. and Mrs. Maggie Morrish. and
B.^-ter of Mrs. Mutant Klliot and the late
» * e , McGovrrn and Mrs - Jchl » Britt.
£S5£f. of Ccunt >' Longford. Irelano.
iu.^i-rlends end apquainianceK are rc.specl-
luuy invited to attend the funeral to-day
•Sunday) at 12:^0 o'clock, from the resl-
oer.ee cf Mrs. F. Saunders. 117 Welch street !
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Interment
lioli- Cross Cemetery.
HART— In Oakland. " Miss Jerslca N. Hart
uuughter cf Mr? Sarah J. Hart, and sister
c Greg « ° Brien. Passed away March
HORN— In this city, March 7. 1IKJ2, Mary A i
\crcnica Horn, b^lox-ed wife of Joseph HornJ 1
niothoi ot Jennie Horn, daughter of Jane
A. ar.d the late Patrick Boyian. and beloved '
natcr of Jarr.es Joseph and John P. Boyian
rno n ;th V ar.d f 2 S i a dafs anCiSC0 ' aSed ™ yearS l
f^*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at 9:.'K» o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence, Clementina street, near Fifth,
thence to et. Boniiaee's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
etreets. where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repese of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
LAXGETADTER-In this city. March C lgo"
Se.iirman Lansrsta^ter. beloved husband of
.Je-snnette. and father of Isaiah S3.. Daniei,
Cecilia, Pauline. AdaUr.e and Lillie Lang-
stadter, a native cf Memelslcrf, Germany,
aured SO years « months and 6 days.
3CTFri*r!<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
»t 10 o'clock, from his late residence, 1400 I
O Farrell street. Interment Home of Peace !
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third !
¦rd Townse-id streets. ;
I-ARK— In this city. March 6. 1002 David
Benjamin, son cf the late Cyrua Lark, and
beloved brother of Mrs. J. O. Mack Mrs
George Douglas. Mrs. Julius Klein, Mrs Al-
bert Knoro and Cyrus E. Lark, a native of
New lork. ajjed 40 years 7 months and **4
days.
(ETTuneral and Interment private.
UESaiOK — In this city, March S. 1&02, Cath-
erine, rx-loved wife of Joseph Lennon. a na-
tive of Athlone, County Roscommon, Ireland,
a~pd VZ years.
CTTrienus of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
0 clock, from her late residence. 310 Capn
¦trect. thence to Ht. Charles Borromeo p s
Church, where a eolemrr^refiulem hieh mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
ct 9 . o'clock. Interment private. In Holy
Cross Cemete:y.
LINN— In th:a city. March S, 1002, Jacob,
dcerly beloved husband of Pauline Linn, and
father of Charles H.. George. John. Edward.
Marguerite and Annie Linn, Mrs. Frank
Cheever, Mia. John Cox. Mrs. Frank Knob-
lock end Mrs. Otto Knoblock, a'native of
Alfcace, Germany, aged 72 years and 6 days
McCANN— In this city. March 8. 1902, .Ellen,
beloved wife of Arthur MeCann, and devoted
mother of Mrs. H. K. Kelton. Mrs. J. J
Tiyan, Mrs. J. F. Duffy and William. Susie
and the late Henry Linnane, a native of
County %Vaterford, Ireland, aged 54 years.
G7"FrieriJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ci Porter street, off Crescent avenue,
thrnco to Ft. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated fcr the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0:00 o'clock. Interment Holy
1 r is < 'Tr; fry. SPL'JEn
MrCl.-LLOCH— In Alameda, Cal.. March 7
V.Kfl, Matilda L., beloved daughter of J. K.
en.l Liewtte McCulloch. and Bister of J. Ft
and Robert McCulloch, a native of San
Xrancli-co. aeed 'Si years 2 months and 7
day*.
t-TiMBtOM and acquaintances arp respect
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-day-
'fund&j-), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
o>nce. £20 Pacific avenue. Interment Moun-
tain Vl*w Cemetery. Oakland.
MCDONALD— In this city. March 7. 1002.
Alt-sender McDonald, a native of ScctlanJ
c.g(-<i o» years.
r7"Fr:<>nds and acquaintances are respect- '
fully ir.vited to attend the funeral to-day
<£und£y). at 10 o'clock, from Scottish Hall. [
317 Larkin street, under the auspices of St.
Andrew's Society. Interment Cyr>rcs3 Uwn
Cemetery, by Il::{0 o'clock train from Third I
ar.d Tovsscnd streets.
McMENOMY— In this city, March 6, 1902
Mary A., beloved wife of Charles McMen-
"my. and mother of Hattie, Charles G-aee
r-ank, Bertie. Myrtle and Irene McMenomy.'
a native. of Calaveras County. Cal., acred 45
CTFrienrf* and acqunintar.cr trf respect-
fully ir.vited to attend tne funeral to-day
¦ r-unilay), at 1 o'clock, from her late real-
KEMRY J. CALLACHER CO.
ifiCCW or to ;-i«r,nacdn 4: CallaKher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FU.VF.P.A1. DIRECTORS ANL> EM1UUIER3
20 J'ifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South K0.
Mt Olivel Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITT.
Office, 9C6 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 307.
NEW FFKW1 OF UNDERTAKERS?
Eamuci McFadden. 18 years manager for
thf United Undertakers' Association, M. J.
McErrarty. with the fame comoany for 18
year*; J'. F. Green, late with I. C. O'Con-
nor A: O>.. have.opeiied new f^ineral Far-
lorh at 1 171 Minion street, between Seventh
and Uijrbth. Telephone South 44.
7 JAMES JVlcGINN, 1
Forrr.*/ly with McGinn iiroa.. ha3 opened
new Funeral Parlora at 214 Eddy at., be'-
Taylor anj Joncii. Tfflpphor.g South f>7(\.
ft 17 t.r«l 29 Fifth St. Tcl.tttlUth 1OT 1}
H rUNCRAL DIRECTORS AND CMBALMER3.A
CHAS. K.J. TRUMAN & CO.,
Tuneral U!rertor« and- Hmbatmers,
Now Occupy Their Own Uui din?,
l!>00 Mieelon «trfet, between lT.th and ICth.
Trlfpnnne Mlnrlon. 1OU.
Rl£fVIOVEDl
McGinn nuos..
rUNEJJAL IUHKCTOHH and i-;MUALM-
Ki:s, ic 'j"i umiI l" i- lit -Air.tirr ft. ii''ur<
n;«-rtv 't ¦'» V'AAv ft. r«'l. Hrmth 2*2.)
dence. 37C5 Twentieth street, thence to S'..
Jamcr. Church for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAATA— In this city. March 7, 1002, Louisa
C. Maata. beloved mother of John A.. Fred
w. and Gustav Maata. a native of Finland,
»zeO_ 52 years.
C?"I-'riends an j acqnalr.t.anrps nre respeci.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<jur:day), at '2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, under the auspices of
the United California Kinn Sisterhood. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the Darlors of th* California Undertaking
Company. -105 Powell street, near Post.
MADSON — In this city. March 5, 1902. Ol<:
Madson. beloved brother of Mrs. Louis P.
Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 5G years
10 months ani 27 days. I
ETTrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerai Sunday.
March '.!. at 10:»0 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall. Odd Follows' building, corner of
! t-evtnth and Market streets, under the aus-
! Pices of AdoIIo Ix>dee No. 123, I. O. O. V.
; Remains at the funeral parlor of Charles H.
! J. Truman & Co.. l'.)00 Mission street, be-
! tw«en Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
I MAHARAN— In this city. March 8, 1002. Mar-
| tin Maharan. beloved son of Martin and
| Mory Maharan. and brother ot" John and
| P?tcr Maharan. Mrs. Mary Lanirley, Mrs.
| Gerjrtre McXenna and Mrs. XV. 6avage, a na-
j tive of Massachusetts, uuvd X2 years.
• ETFuneral services Monday, March 10,
j , J0f2, at l::>0 o'clock, at the mortuary chapel.
j of the Golden Gate Undertaklns Company,
| 2475 Miaxlon street, near Twenty-Urst. In-
| terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
I MILLOGLAV— In this city. March C. 10(U,
I Nicolas C. belbved son r>f Cristofoco and lh»
j latf Anna Milloglav, and brother of Mitchell
j MIllcElav and Mrs.- P. Milcovich of Austria
. and lid C. and P. C. Milloglav of San Fran-
I cisjo, a native of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 42
j years. (Stockton. Cal.. papers please copy.)
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respett-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral services
! Sunday, at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of
j Valexite, Marini' & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
i thence to Xe\v Italian Cemetery.
i MORGAN— In this city, March 7; 1902, Teta
Josephine Morgan, a native of Mexico, aged
102 > tars.
IC Friends are resDectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
10:15 o'clock, at St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Bush and Etelner streets. Interment Holy
i Cross Cemetery, by train.
! OTTO — In this city, March 7. 1902, at his resi-
i dence, Vlii'i Polk street, August C, dearly
; beloved husband of Julia Otto, and beloved
father of Minnie E., Irene M. and Agnes C.
I Otto, a native of Prussia, aged 5."{ years and
i 7 months. (Buffalo, N. Y., papers please
copy.) • »
E^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Turn Verein
Hall, 32U Turk street, where the services will
be held under the auspices of San Francisco
Turn Verein. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PERRON — In this city. March 6. 1902, Mag-
gie, beloved wife of Philix Perron, mother of
Joreph J. Perron, and sister of James Brady
of JCew Orleans, a. native of Ireland, aged 40
years. (New Orleans papers please copy.)
C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, March 9, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at the
parlors cf Valente, Marini & Co., 1624 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POMROY — In this city, March 8, 1902, Lldia
A. Pomroy. ?>eloved mother of Ned Martin,
a native of Maine, aged «9 years 11 months
and b days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
¦ taking Company. 24*75 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by 3:40 o'clock train from Valencia
and Twenty-fifth streets.
RELES — In this city, March 8. 1902, Anna
Reles, beloved wife of Peter Reles, mother of
Anne Reles, and sister of Casper and Charles
Renner, a native of Switzerland, aged 18
years and C months. ».
G? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petereen. 22S McAllister street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSE— In this city, March 7. 1902. Jesse J.
Rose, a. native of New York, aged 43 years.
SCHEPER— In Redwood City. March 6. 1902.
¦William Scheper, beloved son of Mrs. Henri-
etta Scheper, and brother of Martin, Charles
and Fred Scheper and Mrs. Henrietta Stew-
art, a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years
8 months and 12 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral *to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the ' funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth- Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SHAY— In Yuma, Ariz., March 5, 1902, Mary
Alioe, beloved wife of B. J. Shay, and mother
of B J. . Jr. and R. E. Shay, a native ot
California.
• ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-dar (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7U7 Mission :
Ptreet. Interment- Cypress • Lawn Cemetery. ]
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
SMITH— In this city, March 7, 1902. Joseph
Gay Smith, beloved brother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Earned of Sa.n Francis;o and Mrs. Mary Me-
Cann of SDokane. Wash., a native of Eng-
land, aged 80 years 11 months and 25 days.
A member of Petaluma Lodge No. I. O.
O. P.
K7"Intennent Sunday, March 9, 1902, at
retaluma, Cal., at 2 o'clock. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
! near Twenty-first.
! TABER— At Palm Springs, March 4. 1902,
; Mary C. Taber, widow of the late Horace
Taber, a native of Vermont, aged 54 years
and 11 months.
THURMAN— In Los Angeles, March 0, 1902,
Emma Lois Thurman. wife of Robert E.
Thurman, a red 30 years.
VAN CURREN— In this city, March 8, 1902.
Henrietta Van Curren, a native of Ohio,
aged 82 years 5 months and 7 days.
E^Frienis and acquaintances are respect-
fullF Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at tha
mortuary chauel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, nesr
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by 3: to o'clc-ck train from Valencia and
Twenty-fifth streets.
VAN DE MARK — In this city. March C. 1902.
Caesius B. Van de Mark, beloved husband
of Nellie Van de Mark, father of Frank J.
Van de Mark, and brother of George F. Van
de Mark and Mrs. Lillian Cordellan Paff,
ag<»d 44 years 11 months and 20 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitsd to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1330 Howanl Ktreet, where services
will be held, under the auspices of Pawnee
. Tribe No. G7 (of Alameda). I. O. R. M. In-
terment Cypress I^awn Cemetery.
VON PLOENNIES— In this city. March 8.
1002, Albert von Ploennies, beloved son ot
Mathilde end the late Otto von Ploennies.
and brother of Walter, Maude and Lulu ven
Ploennles and Mrs. F. Junker, and grandson
of Mrs. W. Richter. a native of Los Ange-
les. Cal.. aged 28 years 10 months and 22
days. •
WOOD — In this city, March 5, 1902, Edward
N. Wood, a native of New York, aged 83
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. March 9, 1902, at 12:30 o'clock, at
the Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' building.
Interment Presidio National Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our grati-
tude and appreciation to the many , kind
friends who gave bo many evidences of their
heartfelt and comfortinar sympathy and nu-
merous tokens of friendship during the pad
hours of our bereavement of loving daughter
and «l«ter, Emma Fischer.
.MRS. HELENE FISCHER. Mother.
FRED FISCHER. Brother.
CARD OF THANKS.
The wife and children of the late Charles
D. Welch desire to express their heartfelt
thanks for the kindness shown them by the
Shlrwalkers' Union and friends during their
bereavement.
MRS. NELLIE WELCH and Children.
ShanahanFIorisfCo.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.ncahELUS gEff 5056.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 0, 1902.
Addresses will be delivered by leading
pastors and officers of the association.
Special music has been arranged. No
money will be asked for at the church,
but the usual basket collection will be
taken. The public is Invited to attend th*»
meeting.
The mass-meeting to be held In the
First Congregational Church to-day prom •
ises to be of the greatest importance. It
will be held for the purpose of planning
ways and means of raising the debt on
the building occupied by the Young Men's
Christian Association. The committee oi
arrangements consists of William H.
Crocker. A. B. Forbes. Hartland Law, M.
D.» Edward Coleman, C. S. Wright an«l
Rolla V. Watt. Nearly 100 citizens of this
city will act as vice presidents.
STRIVE TO RAISE
Y. M. C. A. ' S D EBT
Miss Susie Broadbeck, 19, residing on
BEWABE OF THE PIBE
>WHEN" WEABING CELLULOID
¦ The steamer City of.- Puebla arrived last
nlgh^" from Victoria after a pa»sa»e of 72
hours. The trip- was very stormy, but her way
«u . Dlowed " through heavy seas without any
material damage. The vessel will pass Quar
antine this mornlns.
City of Puebla Arrives.
Walsh;. CoghlanV Finn, and Reagan, each
made gains in" the* recount yesterday. In
the Fifteenth Precinct of thelThlrty-; third
District the two. last named gained land
2, votes respectively, i the .official-, count
otherwise being .'unchanged.- -The other
precincts • counted during : the day were
the First- of ¦the : ; Thirty-sixth. Twentieth,
Twenty-first and Nineteenth of the Thirty
ninth and the Nineteenth of the Thirty
sixth,* and in each one the number of votes
Assessor Dodge sent a communication
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors re
questing, in view of the fact that under
a recent decision of the Supreme ' Court
the State now pays to the city the com
missions on poll tax. that the board make
provision for additional assistance to
make a complete collection of the tax In
the interest of the State. The office now
cams 126.000 annually in fees from the
State— Jie.OOO in commissions on poll tax
and $10,200 on collection of unsecured per
fconal property taxes— yet the appropria
tion for salaries in the Assessor's office
".The historical • and other given
here are taken Crom schoolboys* examina
tion papers,' according to. the St. James
Gazette of London: .'• ••, ','•¦' ¦'
; Of whom was it said, "He never smiled
again"? William Rufus did this after: he
was' shot by- the arrow. •¦.¦-; - -- ."¦¦'•'
: ';My' favorite character in English history
lsi.Henry.VIII, because he had eight wives
a,nd. killed "them ali.- .' •>
Edward ' III ¦ would ! have ' been King of
France if his mother, had .been a man.
.'Alexander ..the Great was born in the ab
sence of his parents.
What followed the murder of Becket?
"FACTS'V ELICITED IN ;. / .
•: '¦£$;%$ .¦;•••-! 1 ENGLISH SCHOOLS
Walsh, Goghlan, Finn and
\ Reagan 'Each'Make . ; ;
: ':. ' ¦'¦:¦'. Gains. ';.- '.-.' :'¦ ¦'
Asks Supervisors to Give
Him a Number of
Deputies.
RECOUNT SHOWS
MANY CHANGES
ASSESSOR SAYS
HE NEEDS HELP
lost by the Republican candidates was less
than the number lost by the Labor party
people. The present standing of the con
testants is:
-• J Official Loss to Present
. ' •: • Count. , : Date. Standing.
Alpers .'..;.. 15,940 - V 1032 14,J>08
Bent.,. ...;..... 16,112' -'»79 15,133
Eggers 15,0.->3 . 10(53 ¦ 14,800 . '¦
"Wilson".:. ;...16,517. .'-Ml" 15,576
Coshlan 15.6S0'" : 529. ¦ 15,157 '
Reagan .15.434 2 548 '. V 14.882 •
Walsh '. 15,880 - 534 ' 15,352
Finn. 1 : ;15,595 \ 513 •' 15,082 '
Henry II received whacks ,wlth a birch.
The principal* products" of Kent ar«
Archbishops of Canterbury.
The chief clause in Magna Charta was
that no free man should be put to death
or imprisoned without his own consent.
• Where were the Kings of Scotland
crowned? On their heads.
r.Wha't were the three most Important
feudal dues?, Friendship, courtship, rnar
. What do you know of. Dryden and
Buckingham? Dryden and: Buckingham,
were at first friends, but soon became
contemporaries. -
What is Milton's chief work? Milton
wrote a sensible poem called the "Can
terbury Tails." ...
Give the names of five Shakespearean
plays. "Macbeth," "Mikado." "Quo Va
dis." "San Toy." "Sign of the Cross."
An optimist is a man who looks after
your eyes, and a pessimist Is a man who
looks after your feet. ' ;
A man who looks on the bright side of
things is called an optimist, and the one
who looks on the dull side is called a
pianist. ' . '
Court street, Cincinnati, was recently the
victim of a pecuIlapSaccident, according
to the Post of that city. Miss Broadbeck
had been to a social gathering, returning
to her home at 11 o'clock at night. She
prepared for bed, and sat , for a time be
fore the grate fir© in hey, room, as was
her.. custom. The young lady had an ex
ceptionally, heavy suit ; of - 'raven-black
hair.', It was necessary, for- her .'to .do it
up in a cloth when going to bed. She wpre"
two large celluloid combs inher hair, and
these were under the cloth when she made
preparations to retire and was' sitting in
front of the fire. She Jeaned over quite
close to the grate and the heat: caused' the
combustion of the celluloid' combs.'. -The
cloth around her hair Ignited, -and this set
lire to her hair. The whole top 1 of ; her
head was a mass of flames and she ."ran
screaming from .the house. 1 She snatched
with her | hands at , her., hair and i. pulled
bunches of It from her head and used, her
hands in other ways to extinguish .the
flames. She was successful in putting'out
the fire.- but not until she had almost com
pletely been bereft of the beautiful ""crown
of glory" which had been such'a'distin
guishing' mark. ¦ There was-oneMong I tuft
on the back of the head, but aside from
this, the other hair was I'all burned off
short. < The young lady's hands were in a
terrible condition from .contact with - the
flames in her hair. Her scalp was burned
to some. extent, but the chief pain came
from the burning her hands received.
The final decision In th« matter of these, com
missions miikp.« such an expedient no longer
possible. And,' although ' every effort ! will - be
exerted by me to collect this tax In full,, the
business of this office has so enlarged* that' m>
present force is inadequate, providing the work
Is confined to. the legal charter hours.
Durtnr my term as Aase«r,or th» revenue of
the State from poll tax ha* been Increased I by
$90,000, which represents to th<j State, at. the
Btate's rate of taxation, a sum equal to the
tax collections on -eighteen trillion dollars of
property. The Increased collfctlons last year
amounted -to, over $34,000; almost this entire
amount being collected from Chinese and Jap
anese - alone. ' To secure this several of my.
deputies^ worked overtime, beginning 'at 4 or
6 o'clock a.- m. and often extending their ' ef
forts ¦ to midnight. The migratory • habits I of
the Chinese and Japanese and the arrival and
departure of steamers at all times making
th»3s long and Irregular hours necessary.-- ¦
I had no authority to require such deputies
to work beyond the ordinary charter* working
.hours. These hours were justified by the fact
that these men were to be paid for such extra
work from I the commissions on ¦ collections,"
should the law determine ultimately that tlie
Asscwqr and not the city controlled these com
mission?. This was Just to the men and profit
able to the 8ute. . • ; ' •
Is (20,000 less than It formerly was. The
communication continues:
40
Discolored Gray Hair
Made White Again.
Instantly, harmlessly, permanently. And any one can do it. One appli-
cation is sufficient to brin^r on this 8rt at transformation. First, it's not an acid
— not a dye — but a recent, scientific discovery of how to help nature.
It's a proven fact now that muddv. yellow hair is but a stain.
VTETT— TKESJOI/I, 2-oz. BOTTLES, $1.OO.
These Grenadines
And ioidards, of whichswe have a choicer supply than ever,
suggest many
Beautiful Easter Gowns
And San Francisco women, above all others, can appreciate
them. You know this city is noted for its well-dressed
women. Three short weeks now will see the fashionable
world in all the glory of dress. The wpmen with distinc-
tive, most attractive gowns will be those of discerning minds
who take time to look around, who find styles and designs
the in-the-rut buver doesn't see.
It's These Uncommon Styles
We've so many of this season. And because we were able to handle so
many we've kept the prices down to the level of the ordinary.
French Grenadines S3. 50— Designs -woven on mousseline de sole grounds.
44 in.
Silk Grenadines S3.00— Chenille applique designs.
Applique designs on mousseline de sole, $2. $2.25, $2.60, $2.75.
Grenadines— With floured satin stripes, plain brocades and plain satin
stripes, 44 Inches, 31, Jl.M.
Foulards— Satin liberty grounds, 85c. SI, $1.25 yd. Exquisite colorings. Other
faster eilks quite prominent at this time:
Creoe de Chine $1.00. shade as well as evening: colors and
r black, 24 inches wide.
A soft and clinging: stuff, more in n n -fi~j \u~~k c;/r.« en
vofrue for eprlngr costumes than Corded Wash Silks OUC.
ever. At Easter time it will be much New and pretty, many pretty
in evidence. In every new street I colored Roman stripe effects.
More Black Swiss Taffeta at 65c
This, too, when ellks are coin* up. And silks are getting scarcer, but our
bargains are yours. It Is a 23-Inch cloth, soft and lustrous. It will not
crack nor break. It is a quality most stores get 85o for.
H _ 1
Easter Linens.
Cloths with napkins to match in new polka dot pat-
terns. It's a growing fashion with particular housewives
who entertain much to have their napkins and cloths to
match. And it costs no more cither than if they didn't.
-Clothe $2.65 each; 2x2^ yds.
— Cloths $3.20 each; 2x3 yds.
—Napkins to match them $-.-'» dozen; 21 inches square.
Can you imagine anything prettier than a good bright, bold polka dot
pattern?
Fine Linen $1 Yard, . - Linen Sets.
Napkin* to Match. H«m«tlt<-h«<1. the cloth* are 2V4
We have been Belling auch good lln- LY& 'm*' W ' th * d0Z< " n napkln9 to
en* for fl we have mado quite a m * tcn > ?«•
reputation for ourselves. They are Other nets J7 70, $11, $12 50, $15.
ft heavy natlny flnlshed tablecloth, //«•«• 91 C/J YM
72 inchru wide, every thread linen, Linens 91.0U TO.
6 benutiful patterns. Soft, pmlny finish, heavy and firmly
The NnnkJns. 83. 2S Dozen, axe woven. 72 Inches wide, in floral and
i.4 inches square. dot patterns.
Halt Bleached Damask 45c. Nankins to Match 94.R0 Dozen-
A sturdy German cloth, soft fin- u Inches square.
. lehed and all linen, 62 Inches wide. Tray Cloths 20c.
Satin Damask 75c. sire 18x27.
ra 7 t°t^ b s C " *"•• Purest •*"•• brlrllt "tec^Sfc'HRft?* °»"-3*e"
Nankins to Match S2.OO Dozen. Size '18x27.
Jf^fs fj\&\ —^^^m^^^^^^^^^S^' r m^ * —^^ " "
BUSTLES
Marie Antoinette-No wlra or objee-
tlomibla iiuitiM'iiilH, weigh* Just ono
ounce, 25e nuch.
Woven Wire— I'lts well, makes th«
nklrt nan* perfectly, 2.'c pair.
PINS. /
Cub«plnB-.Iet IiendH, 100 to the cube,
bliick or eolored,. Be mibe,
Eatrle—l'erfect lieudH and point*, will
not oe»id, fie paper.
Capihenf— Ha foty pin, the only safety
pin without a coll and only one made
1 hat eiuinot ouch In fabric, No. 2, Be;
No, 2Vi. 60; No. 3, 7c dozen,
Pin Book— National, contalnx an assort*
mean of ttlns, dnrnlng nnd Hewing nee-
dles, bodkin, shawl and hatplnx, 10c
book.
BEESWAX.
Cc cake, for waxing thrond and keeping
1 flatlronw clean.
CASINO.
Whalebone— fl yds. to the piece, mado
of good quality Bilk, 3c yd. or 20c bolt.
Whalebone Casintr-Sllk stitched, 9
yds. to the piece, all rolors, 10c piece.
Whalebones made of real whalebone,
8 in., 18c; 9 in.. 20c; 10 in., 2T.c.
Horn Bones— Made of best quality
horn. 8 in., 10c: 9 in., 10c; 10 in., 15c
bunch.
Warren's Feather Bone— Made of the
. • turkey quills,, and used for dresses,
waists and corset; takes the place of
Whalebone; uncovered, 5c yd.; covered
"cotton," 10c yd.; silk covered, 15c
yd. ; black and white.
DRESS BINDING.
Brush— Best quality of braid, bias vel-
veteen finish, all; colors, at 12c yd. •
Cordova— Good value at 5c yd.,, black
.'. and. colors. ,
Notions for Easter
. tAll Ufyw, tAll: Good, Many Low Prices.
(More Than a Sale--
We're helping you and helping ourselves at the same time.
You are getting what you want — and saving money. We're get-
ting new customers and making old ones think more of us.
See the difference between such an effort and a common
ordinary "sale"? If we wanted only your money we wouldn't
have to work half as hard. We want your good-will, your confi-
dence, your steady every-day trade. We know we'll get \\\ as soon
as you find out what a big stock we carry, that there's no trash
in it and that the prices arc low. v
DARNERS.
With attnchahlrt ateel uprlng, which pre-
vent* the article to be darned from
Klipplng, 8 Ma ••iii'h.
TAPE MEASURES. ¦
Tiillun-, 1 , co-Inch *fitr>rn, at 5o each.
BUTTONS.
Steel-Sultftbl« for walNt* or trimming*,
at 10c, 1214c 16c, 25c, BOo'dofOM.
Jft— J-titfrst dr»*iKiin, dull or Jot »lnlnh, at
1Oc, WAa, Kp, 1(5 2-fl<-, 20e dozen.
TurauolM— Different i*\r.cn at 40c, 45c,
r« ( "! doxen.
BELTS.
i!."»c— J31ack satin, tucked, cnmi qitailty,
girdle back; others straight, finished in
whltn stitching, dip buckles, gold, oxi-
' dlzed steel or French gray: others In
corded velvet, with pretty girdle or dip
buckle. - ¦ • .
5Oc— Black satin, tucked, studded with
steel, girdle back, flnlshed with gold or
oxidized buckle.
01. OO— Black elastic, l«i inches wide,
studded in steel or Jet, finished with
pretty dip buckles.
FINISHING BRAID.
Finest quality, 6 yards to the piece,
latest designs, at 15c, 20c, 25c piece.
' Peather Stitch — A large assortment,
many designs, good value, 6 yards to
the piece, 10c piece. .
HOSE SUPPORTERS.
Satin belt, fancy frilled garter elastic,
• black, blue,, pink, red, orange, at 50c
and 73c pair. ;
Side — Made of cotton fancy lisle elastic,
black, blue, pink, red, 25c pair. <
Fancv Frilled— With satin belt, in all
' colors, at 25c pair.
Anchor— "Hook-on" kind, reduces the
size, In all colors, at 25c each; silk, 50c
: pair. •. • • • . .
Sewing.
o— o
Basting Cotton 5c Dozen.
500 yds. to the spool, all numbers,
black and white.
3 Coats' Darning Cotton 5c.
?-ply, 45 yds. to'tho spooi; black,
white, brown, tan, red.
Side Supporters I2c.
Fancy garter elastic 5c ya'rd.
Dnrning Kggs.2c.
Ironing Wax 2c.
Stockinet Dress Shiclds.Rcpr
O- — o
HOOKS AND EYES.
Ultra, spring hook and eye, well en-
ameled, 2 ilos, on card, with 1 iloz,
oxtnu
Pept'B Invisible *>'<*. No, 1, 2, Bo card;
No. 3, 7« curd. Jllnck and whlto,
Drescmnkore' Standard - Jmprovmi
mii ruly MpriiiK. miu1« of the bant hniH»
wlrf.; No, :i mid 4, 4e enrd.
ColoniM-Wlthout hump, wall fnnm-
olod, black or white, 2c, 3c, 4e nn<i Be
Diamond F"itoneri-l.nrirfl nnd Nmnll,
Muck or wIiHk. nultiit>l<; for cnllnrn and
(ircHKt'd, Db card,
WAIST BELTING.
811k finish, good value, all color*, Be,
tl!*e. 7c yd,
Cotton Milton, nil colors, 2c yd. or 15c
bolt of 0 yds.
GARTER ELASTIC.
Fancy Frilled-Bilk, b™t quality, black,
blim, i»lnk, cardinal, orange, nt COc, 3Cc
and 28c yard.
Plnin— 811k gartor elastic, good value,
all colon*, nt ICc, ISc, 23c yard.
Pancv Prilled— Elastic, a splendid as-
sortment, in all colors. Price 12^c.
Made of extra good quality webbing,
black, red, blue, pink, orange.
Plain-Cotton lisle elastic, black, white,
at 4c, 5c, 6%c, 7i£c yard.
THBEAD. .
Carlson Currier Spool Silk— All col-
ors, luO yds. 10c; Yi oz. 15c; % oz. 30c;
l'oz. GOc.
Carlson Currier Twist— 16 yds. to the
spool, all colors— 5c i spool.
Bastine Cotton— 500 yds. to the spool;
black and white, all numbers, 4c spool
Sewine Cotton— Coats' or Clark's— 55c
doz.
HAIR CURLERS.
Made of soft kid that will not hurt the
hair, from 3% to 9 inches, 4c to 15c
bunch. , v <
Gate Ave. /^ *m*%n&^y^
Men's Handkerchiefs
4c and 6#c.
Manufacturers' odds and ends — some are pin-picked, others a bit soiled
— faults really no faults at' all when it comes to usefulness. Fine lawn, hem-
stitched. Many 6j4c can be equaled in regular stock at I2j4c — 4c ones arc
worth 5c to 7V2C.
Monday, first time, 4c and 654c.
Good Sheeting.
Underpriced.
If you knew how much sheeting we sell, and, better
yet, knew how much we buy to supply these six stores, you
would not wonder that makers are anxious to give us a bar-
• Here are three of them we just got ahold of—
35c Bleached Sheeting at 30c.
It's 90 inches wide, and the strongest sheeting made. It's a sheet-
ing you don't usually see in a sale; it's the kind that does not have to be
sold under its worth, and yet it is the kind that makers arc more
anxious, to give us than any other (to show us how much they think of
us). 30c Monday morning instead of 35c.
42-inch Pillow Casing at Sy^c.
750 yards, and unbleached, a fine firm standard quality.
72-inch Unbleached Sheeting at 15c.
Only one case (500 yards). On sale Monday, for the first time, 15c.
What's true about sheeting is also true concerning
Sheets and Pillow Cases.
Prices arc lower, qualities are not.
First the Sheets— In this lot we Next the Pillow Cases—Three
Thcf s? &3kS&4ta>s '& thou * nd of thtm - made (rom *°° d
and they are all less than their muslin, regular size only— '
42c— 54x90. 4Oc-€3x90. 14c-«x36 Inl 15c-50x3S In.
4J)C— 72x90 ,»»4c-81x90. \
50c— 90 Inches sauare. 17V4c— 5-1x38 Inches.
45c Unbleached Sheets at 39c.
2 yards wide and zVt yards long: 600 of them ready to-morrow morning.
Pretty Stockings for Dainty Ankles.
Easter Hosiery.
S*m Francisco women above all others love pretty
stockings. And if there's one time in the year they want •
them lo be prettiest it's Eajstcr. That's why we prepared
so well — even sending a hosiery expert to New York so that
not a good thing would miss us. The newest conceptions
(those you'll rave over most) arc the .
Embroidered Insteps: Hosts of Them Here.
Quiet, dignified styles sensible women have been longing for. So differ-
ent from the bold, gaudy stripes of last year. Designs are chiefly small
flowers, with maybe only three or four on an instep, in either silk or lisle
or cotton. Of course lace open work stripes arc in favor; some of the
newest have solid lace ankles with plain boots.
Silk Stocklna-a— Plain black, II 60 01. OO a Pair— 15 new styles, with
nnd $2: Richelieu ribbed. $3 25: colored vertical stripes, many new
black with lace ankles, $2 75: nil- Ince designs.
over open work lace, %4 60 and $5. 7oc a Pair— 20 nnw styles, brilliant
« 1 ~n o ¦p n <^- < n now ntvies sifk ll8l 2 tl }1 cad . black with colored silk
8 e 1 rn > or°old a er P ed i r7o-nts n , e rolo B r t^ 9 top 8 s! Ik f JBSS ttl8 ° "^
$1 .2."» a Pair— 10 new sty«s, lisle COc a Pair— 75 new styles, all dlf-
• stocking, many new designs, In ferent patterns, many pretty dc-
black lace effects. ' signs.
¦ ¦ — - — . . — ' — . . •¦}..¦¦ , . . . . ICbJo'sj.
Hale's. I Hale's. I - Hale's. T ' / Hole's. I BCale^s^^ ___l~-i55i^^~~~~-~-~- -~ ~" "~*"" *""
Make Their Openinor Bow This Week.
The biRpci't iconry-mmh we ever MT r/oroaora 1 ops wvt,.
rave. It is fctnwijt and large ns ex- A ; . •. !". . - . Those »am« handsom* pl«cf§ you nil
pensive ones lining even the same Important, three times over. ' Hats nrc chiefly flat, nnd very few without a seductive fall of some sort at the back. Sometimes went «c • wild ovm -last «n*on; «,r , mnny
Rear thai you fiiwl on the $12.00 and — VVom^n think nmrr* of ihrir roirlv tolwonr inU thin thpv ever did Iacc< sometimes ribbon, flowers or fruit — the danjiUnK tail is always an aid to the looks. The Conti- ?ha wo hn?o them uimin. Many folk*
$1400 ours wid instead of the small Women think more ot tneir rcauy-to-wcar nats tiian tncy e\cr aid. ncnta , sI)apM wlth rolHng brim8 th;it come to a dippinK point in front arc most p rom i n ent. -Then ionsici*r thom the most heautif.n tab.
lot. they have that «wel! sweeping — Designers have given them more attention this season. some rolled rim sailors, turbans, English walkers. In rough straw chiefly, then tuscans. horsehair, '"them ill 1 prottlest lIln0 « ra D n t0 P»
front. ojwJ arc double jointed, with We have SO many ;/ Milans, chip. Panamas. The stylish straw bows are quite the style. - Some match the hat. others We will also continue for another
SSSwiSu^V^S "Ijr7* «o- The rci*n of the tailor-made'suit has called for a-hat to go with it. It must be simple, graceful, contrast it Then there hre some beautiful Persian effects as well as silk scarfs and quills. You will wek our^..1. of
cart you should come and sec this artistic. It must be American. Who can look uponthis display of stiff hats without reading in . find some very swell effects in malinc and satin taffeta. Among others arc pompons and buckles. Silk FlOSS Pillows.
one Not forgetting, of course, their lines the candor and plainness of the American girl? ' There is none of that Paris fussincss about At 1^8.00 arc some charming malinc and satin hats, black and colors. Many other choice ones They are good, clean, full pillows. »a
to look at these others: them. And yet. strange to relate, yesterday's style reports say that Paris shops are showing more at *<{.OO and $7.00; hosts of them at ftJSiOO, but you don't even have to pay that much if you ft°thSm mo- out every day."
f kmm>-a imn.iMiwc «.ciinin» Ko-eart. stiff hats than anything else. American influence is permeating France as well as Germany. Who (lon . t want to • "„ 1R ,_, h -ste-^ i nr h
v,uh ,v.^-i r^m. moeiy uphoWroa! knows but New York will soon be the Paris of the world and Newport her Riviera? ' don t want to. ...-., ,~ . , , , 4 - A -t ti ~5^~iS" 2Sh* iS^^I 2rh #
ftbS; t™^N^^rbmk^ ar ' Ycs - th "e hats are plain (sometimes severely plain), ' "erc's a stylish one for a g.rl for *1.45, hand-made, sewn on a frame,- trimmed with . a quill. jg^JSJ:
fULSU— IC«W reclining go-rart. with' ex- f> a 'r I- A P"*2 I I J I17!i.L. \XT J — C* i C? A. I Straw, and a little buckle. _
Kilt Iliey Are rllleCl With WOnderfUl Style. Another they call the Broadway, *1.25, of straw, with black and white silk scarf. [ Mow Pillow Cord*.
nX^riS ti^irh^lf^M'TSlt 1 !t ' s what isn't there that makes them so pretty. Like Kipling, his strength is in what he doesn't Some 80 different styles— a shape for every face. *£lth 0 silkf "SIX looking, 'not
brakV! say; what he stiRffcsts. Come to see them even if you do not buy. We shall expect you. cheap quality. 12^0 yard.
To-Morrow: Important Reductions in
Irish Point Curtains.
,$10.00 ones at $8.50 $j.oo ones at $5.50
$5.50 ones at $4.50 $4.50 ones at $3.50
An opportunity to fit tip your home with some handsomely designed Irish point curtains,
at as low a price as you would ordinarily pay for Nottinghams.
Styles are the very latest. We have but three or five pairs in a pattern.
$3.50— White, Z 1 A, yards lonjj, 50 inches wide, narrow $o.oO— White Irish Point curtains, 3 x / 2 yards long, 50
borders with plain or figured centers. Fourteen pat- . inches wide, narrow borders, plain centers. Five pat-
terns in them, 78 pairs; . • terns, 32 pairs. Our $7.00 quality, Monday morning
$4.!>O — White Irish Point curtains, 2,Vi yards lonp;, 50 for the first time, $5.50. ¦ / . ¦
inches wide, some very dainty designs. Our regular Jj»S.r»O — White curtains, 3J-£ yards Jong, 50 inches wide, 6
$5.50 curtains. Forty-two pairs, including 4 patterns. lovely patterns. They have been ?io.oo; only 28 pairs.