VOLUME XCI— KO. 165.
SAJST FBANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
PORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martinique, May 13.— The northern section of the island is depopulated. Provisions are needed 'here immediately for ioo,ooo:people[ at St. Pierre for
* sanitary purposes. The stench there from the dead bodies is overpowering. Mont Pelee was still erupting smoke and fire at a late hour last night. Every, praise is given United States Cotisul Ayme. He has worked in
defatigably to succor the survivors. He has bandaged the limbs of the wounded, and has worked without [sleep, and. witltout food. He is now. thoroughly exhausted. Forty persons rescued from the city are now in hospitals here.
It was reported here yesterday from the, British island of Dominica ; that 300 survivors of "the St. Pierre 'disaster/had reached there in canoes. ; . ' .. ' ,
AND THE AWFUL LOSS OF LIFE ENSUES
GOVERNOR PREVENTS GENERAL EXODUS
PKICE FIVE CENTS. -
SCENES ON ISLANDS THAT SUFFERED FROM LA 50UFRIERE.
FORT DB FRANCE, Island of Martinique, May I3.—The looting of the ruins of St. Pierre has be^un
already. While coming to Fort de France the United States tug Potomac picked up a boat containing
five colored men and one white man, whose pockets were filled with coin, and Jewelry, the latter evi
dently stripped from the fingers of the dead. Lieutenant B. B. McCormickjxommander of the Potomac,
arrested these men and turned them over to the commander of the French cruiser Suchet for punishment.
LOOTING OF RUINS AND ROBBERY
OF DEAD IS BEGUN AT ST. PIERRE
Continued on : Page Five.
crater , of . the volcano; making .'work
among the ruins difficult, when it is not
absolutely impossible. • - . ' >
' Reports , that all of the Inhabitants of
the village of Le Precheur^had been
"Waves of heat" come downi from the
WAVES OF HEAT.
burned by. soldiers, but few of those | in
the ruins, have been dug out. It will re
quire: months, unless a greater force of
men is employed, \ before the dead ;. are
properly disposed of. The sand and ashes
that cover the city are still hot.
Every moment of my stay in St. Pierre
I feared that the volcano . would again
belch forth 1 its billows of death-dealing
fire. It. continues active, vomiting. lava in
streams, which flow down its sides, chang
ing the surface of the northern end of the
island every hour. It is tho stench and
the danger of pestilence that makes St. .
Pierre a place of even greater horror than
was caused by tho -first result of > the ex-;
plosion of Mont Pelee. All of the -bodies:
first found on the 'surface have been'
ashes and cinders spread by Morit Pelee.
brought to this city are not true. Agreat
wave of lava. : swept across one portion
of the village, , destroying the lives of
about eight 'hundred inhabitants. | The
others fled'to the seashore, and. were res
cued by tho French cruiser Suchet. Other
villages; at; the; foot of Mont Pelee were
destroyed>by the lava, which flowed along
the course' formerly, followed by .the rivers/
. ..Indignation "against Governor
Mouttet i grows - as the . panic of the
•ff DE FRANCE, Island of
¦ ¦ ** ** Martinique. May 13.— I have
3 i just returned from the ruins
J^ of St. Pierre, unable to longer
withstand the terrible hard
ships and encounter the hor
rible sight* that were with me every min
ute of the twenty-four hours of my stay
there. When I reached St. Pierre I was
eurprised that more of the dead wera not
in eight. Not more than. 1000 bodies were
strewn along the streets, the others being
«u least partly buried under the mantle of
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York. Herald. Copyright, 1902,' by the New. York Herald. Publishing Company.
> '^ T. THOMAS, V D. , w. I.,' May •
'¦ fL_ '-^T- 13.'— -Great 'alarm • continues ' to
¦ " . be' felt" regarding -..the '•: fate of.
! ;^'. :^| St.. Vincent. Communication
,^S»'' '¦*/ has been cut off. since Sunday.
i .' ; . At- that time'. the, Scnifriere was
in furious eruption. Kingston, on the op
posite" end of the/island, was : being bom
barded, stones^ and ashes falling in anun
ceasing!shqwer.VThe northern part 1 of St:
Vincent had been utterly . destroyed. ] Be :
fore Sunday morning the 'deaths ' num
bered 1600, and it '. is feared ;; that this esti
mate is far, too small. It is'believed that'
20<j0 have perished. > ; ;.; ¦" ; \
Much' excitement was caused here by a
slight , shock ' of ea-rthquake, which .'was
Governor Hunt of Porto Rico has asked
Louis Ayme, the United States Consul at
Guadeloupe, who is now here, what as
sistance he could render. Governor Hunt's
offer has been ! communicated to' the Gov
ernment, which will accept it.
wide was • then issuing from the volcano.
Stones two Inches in diameter fell twelve
miles away. At Kingston, the capital of
the Island, the ashes were two inches
4eep. . Seven hundred dead were reported
Sunday, May 11. Most of the seven
estates on the . island have been burned to
ashes, and it is authentically reported
that two earthquakes occurred there, j It
is believed the submarine cables in St.
Vincent have been broken by the disturb
ances. '_ The present volcanic eruption on
St." Vincent Is the first since 1812.
FORT DB' FRANCE, May 13.-It is es
timated that the total number of deaths
on the island of' St. Vincent from the vol
canic reached : two thousand.
Most ' of the victims" are said . to be Carlb
Indians. ; ' ..¦ ••.{¦• ¦-'-, ' *-• .¦ ".¦¦< ¦"< •• - j ¦•
'¦ The United' States government tug Po
to'mac will leavo here to-day "for the isl-,
and of -St. Vincent, where conditions are
reported to be worse. -La Soufrlere on St.
Vincent; was,' In full/ eruption May 10. . A
stream -of stones "and, mud half a mile
felt about half-past, 4 o'clock, this after
noon.* ,The;public was greatly, excited and
many' rushed out of their. houses, but the
tremors df the : earth -.stopped before any
actual damage,wks done. ' ' '
(From the Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1902, by the New York
: / ',, "_ " \' \ .• '.: Herald Publishing Company.) ... - .. ,.'
Special Correspondent of The Call Describes Horrors at St. Pierre, Where 9 It Is Feared^
Mont Pelee May Again Send Forth Death=Dealirig Fire. /
La Spufriere Claims Two Thousand Victims and Destroys Estates
of the Island of St. Vincent. (
The San Francisco Call.Blunder Made
by Scien
tists.
VIEW OF ST. PIERRE, WITH THE VOLCANO OF MONT PELEE IN THE BACKGROUND. THE PHOTOGRAPHS
ARE THOSE OF THE AMERICAN REPRESENTATIVE AND V HIS FAMILY,. WHO PERISHED IN . THE
AWFUL DISASTER. AND THE UNITED STATES! CONSUL^ TO GUADELOUPE. •
SAN JOSE. May 13.— Santa Clara County Is
to make an experiment with oilecl roads as
soon as weather conditions will permit. Three
miles of roadway is to be oiled in Supervisor
Roll's district. - -
thick, impenetrable black smoke poured
out of the crater and fell with frightful
rapidity upon the city. In a very short
time the whole city was a. mass of ruins.
CKIES OF THE DOOMED.
The waters of the harbor were violently
agitated and everywhere was heard the
sound of failing masts of the shipping and
vessels were seen to overturn and sink or
burst into flames. The cries of the doomed
beings on shore and afloat lasted only a
few moments, when the stillness of death
fell upon the city and the harbor.
Only three vessels of all the shipping in
the harbor withstood the terrible con
vulsion of nature. These were the little
schooner Gabrielie, the Corena and tho
North American.
One of the survivors who was brought
here says he sprang overboard, and
despite injuries received from the falling
lava and ashes succeeded by diving and
swimming for two hours in sustaining
himself until he was picked up by the
French warship Suchet.
Although the volcano's flow had appa
rently diminished somewhat wilen tho
Svc'bet left, great blocks of lava
still being vomited from the crater. Noth
ing remained of the city of St. Pierre ex
cept, vast heaps of smoking ruins re
sembling-a great furnace. Here and there
in" open spaces large numbers of partly
burned .and asphyxiated bodies could be
seen lying on the ground.
An expedition carrying relief supplies
left Trinidad for Martinique on Saturday
and is expected to return within the next
twenty-four hours.
in its purchases.
• In the Navy Department the carefully
planned relief measures were being' car
ried forward systematically and rapidly.
The Buffalo has been ordered to be put
in readiness for immediate use as a food
and supply transport in case it be decided,
to send more supplies' than the Dixie will
carry. Action has not yet been taken
upon Admiral Bradford's suggestion that
water-tenders be sent to Martinique " to
relieve the pressing need for fresh .water.
The admiral is anticipating the acceptance
of the plan and has accordingly tele
graphed to Pensacola and Norfolk to have
the tenders at those places made ready
for immediate service. The admiral also
has tendered the use of his coal navy aa
food and passenger transports. The equip
ment bureau, of which he is the head ?
has* a small but excellent fleet of large
colliers and the admiral has suggested to
Secretary Moody that these ships are val
uable by virtue of their great carrying
capacity, excellently adapted to relief
work. Each of the ships carries from two
to three thousand tons of supplies.
MANY GENEROUS OFFERS.
There are no lack of spontaneous offer
ings from all parts of .the . country. To
day a telegram was received from the
Pittsburg Chamber of Commerce asking
the State Department if private contribu
tions would be received and how they
should be addressed. Similar messages
came from other points. The department
has as yet made no .response.
An original suggestion came from a
New York commercial house in the shape
of a letter proffering 1,000,000 pounds of
rice at cost price and -<duty free to the
Government., The owners explained that
they were able to make this offer by rea
son . of the fact that the rice is still in
bond.
. '¦ It appeared by noon that so rapidly had
the Government's agents worked that al
ready the War Department alone had
sent over $100,000 of the relief appropria
tion.
• It appears that that part of the joint
resolution adopted yesterday requesting
the President to ascertain to what extent
our aid would be . acceptable to France
had been anticipated by the French Gov
ernment. The President's statement that
that. Government had requested that ships
be supplied to carry away/ the survivors
of the catastrophe in Martinique was at
first supposed to be based upon the state-'
ment of the Governor of Martinique to
United States Consul Ayme. It appears,
however, , that the request came directlv
from the French Government through
Embassador Cambon, who personally pre
sented the matter to the President
a T J!f W * ar J} n 2. N *y y departments have
decided to divide the work of relief be
tween them, so.asto give the navy, full
charge of the general'subject of transpor
tation and intrust to the War Department
the accumulation of the supplies Of the
little fleet of * naval- colliers - which was
placed at the disposal of the relief work
ers the Leonldas, whiclv In now dischare
ing her cargo of coal at Port Royal, has
been : selected \for dispatch" to . Martinique
and negotiations have gone forward to
load her, with supplies and get her under
way as soon as possible.
The executive committee or the Red
Continued .on Page" Five
sf^» ALL BUREAU. 1406 G
Jf Y STREET, N. W, WASHING
« TON, May 13. — President
BgL ' ~J Roosevelt's measure of relief
for the stricken people of Mar
tinique and St. Vincent . will
prevail. The . Senate to-day
passed another bill increasing the total
appropriation to $500,000. This bill has
now gone *o the House Committee on Ap
propriations, and Chairman Cannon said
to-night that If it was found to-morrow
or the day following that this increase
was necessary, the House would ''¦ act
promptly. |
Meanwhile, at 4:40 this afternoon Presi
dent Roosevelt signed the bill passed by
both branches of Congress yesterday ap
propriating $200,000 as a relief fund, and
that sum is now available for immediate
use. '
Senator Cullom, chairman ! of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, to which
was referred the President's message urg
ing- an appropriation of half a million
dollars, reported a bill to-day appropriat
ing $300,000 in addition to the $200,000
passed yesterday. This was .the result of
various conferences : between the : Presi
dent and Senator ' Cullom and other im
portant members of the Senate.
PLEA OF THE PBESIDENT.
The President told them that so far as
official advices go they show that 1 the dis
aster in the islands of the Caribbean Sea
was the greatest of modern times; that
partment, made after careful considera
tion- of. the news dispatches fronv the
Antilles, 'contemplate the supply of 40,00i)
rations for fourteen days. The quarter
master's department is purchasing cloth
ing supplies for 40,000 people and the med
ical department Is working in proportion
two islands had been practically wiped
out of existence; that thousands of people
had. been already killed and, thousands. of
others were stfll - in danger; that ' $100,000
had already been spent in hastening relief
to i .the stricken people and that if the
United States was to : do its duty fully
and promptly a larger sum .was necessary
than the 1200,000 appropriated by Congress
yesterday. .>:¦• v ' -'¦,-
Senators who talked with the President
were impressed with his earnestness in
the matter and the quick passage of the
biir providing the- additional 1 sum was ac
complished in the- Senate. .It was said
to-nightby leading members of the House
that it was doubtful if the bill : would be
passed.. by. the HoUseHo-morrow. It now
rests in the Committee on Appropriations,
and its members will, confer with the
President to-morrow, and' find out if pos
sible if the additional sum is needed at
once. — : ;'". . . V*yf : >v->V/ . ¦'¦ ¦" .' ¦
Chairman Cannon 'said' to-night that if
the committee became •; convinced that
$500,000 was needed.: }t vwould quickly act.
Meanwhile the ' bill^passed yesterday is
now- a law and the ; sum>provided is now
being used. 1 '- ~ '_;^. 7 ;<.,¦• •
There - is ; general . crii icism ' in Washing
ton to-day of the \nirio* members of the
House who voted againat". an appropria
tion for relief, with. ;;suphy calamity .oc
curring almost off, the? American! coast, i
PREPABINGf RATIONS.
• So comprehensively . laidv were : the ' plans
of the War .Department .yesterday, .even
before the passage of the joint resolution
providing * for ¦ the .relief i of -the s volcano
sufferers, thatvthere was ireally very!lit
tle remaining I f or-S the" officials i to g do to
day: The plans - 'of the~ commissary.-, de- ;
Disturbance Is Not Shown.
BALTIMORE, May 13.— The seismo
graph at the Johns Hopkins University
shows no record of any disturbance of the
earth's crust here concurrent with the
volcanic outbursts which are devastating
and remodeling the West Indies. The fti
strument was opened and inspected to
day. ttVotttwmh
Special Dispatch to The Call. .> I
PRESIDENT CAUSES CONGRESS TO INCREASE THE APPROPRIATION TO ADD
SUFFERERS OF ISLAND VOLCANOES
Entch Aid Rescue Work.
THH HAGUE, May 13.— The 'Govern
ment of The Netherlands has ordered the
Dutch warship Koningen Regentes to pro
ceed from the Island of Curacao, Dutek
West Indies, to the Island of MartiniquSu
at full speed, in order to assist the sufferw
ers in the Mont .Pelee outbreak.
Both chambers of the States General
have passed resolutions expressing sym
pathy with France.
From the special correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
ARBADOES, May 13.— When I
vy left St. Pierre yesterday t£e
M II city was a heap of smoldering
-as^sT ruins.- Thousands' of corpses
§3 Iw were strewn on every side,
ffi having been destroyed by the
great volcanic bomb. Tho
cathedral clock was standing at 10 min
utes after 7 o'clock in a solitary tower.
This shows the time when the awful rain
of flre began. It rained flre for twenty
minutes, when every part of the city was
ablaze, and the shipping In the harbor
sunk. The Government, thinking all
danger-over after the eruption of lava to
a height of 120 feet on May 5, formed a
cordon of soldiers around the city to pre
vent residents from . leaving. To further
allay excitement the Governor took up
his residence with several scientists in
St. Pierre.
Not a single person in St. Pierre when
Mcnt Pelee exploded escaped. It will
take thousands to dig out and bury the
dead. The smell of burning flesh is per
ceptible three miles from shore. The
Roraima was still burning yesterday, and
the ruins of the city wilt burn for weeks
longer. Food for the survivors has been
sent from St. Thomas and Barbadoes for
12,000 refugees, who are in outlying vil
lages.
Prompt Work
In Sending
Stores.
False Report
Allays All
Fear.
The sun rose clear over St. Pierre at 6
o'clock on the morning of May 8." Mont
Peiee was smoking 1 to the north and the
wind was blowing westward.. A few min
utes before 7 o'clock a . great white
column of what seemed to be steam and
gas belched forth from an apparently
new crater on Mont Pelee, which seemed
to be about two hundred yards from the
original crater and which appeared- -to
open up a deep rent from the top to the
bottom of the mountain.
This, outbreak caused the utmost con
sternation and panic among the inhabit
ants of St. Pierre, who fled toward the
seashore, uttering frightful screams, in
anticipation evidently of what was to fol
low. Those on the Gabrlelle observed a
small steam yacht leave St. Pierre at
ten minutes past 7 o'clock with the Gov
ernor and members of a scientific commis
/cion on board. The yacht steamed toward
La Precheur. ¦ .. - . ,
A terrible groaning was heard from the
volcano about ten minutes before 8 o'clock
and a moment later a gigantic mass of
CAUSES AWi'UL PANIC.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad,
May 13.— The transatlantic
steamer Canada has arrived
here with 138 refugees, twen
ty-four hours from Fort de
France, Martinique. She
brings this account of an
event preceding the disaster at St. Pierre,
and also of the catastrophe itself, as told
by eye-witnesses \who were on the
schooner Gabrielle:
A scientific commission, , presided over
by the Governor, M. Mouttet, assembled
in St. Pierre on May 7, the day before
the calamity, for the purpose of studying
the phenomena of the volcajiic disturb
ances of Mont Pelee. It was agreed by
the members of this commission that
the relative positions of the craters and
the valleys debouching on the sea were
such that the scientists could affirm that
the security of St. Pierre .was complete,
and this announcement was made to allay
the fears of the frightened citizens. . •
€roin the special correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
HILADELPHIA, May 13.— Speaking of the disaster at St. Pierre, Prof 'essor s 'Aiigelo Heilprin, the noted geologist, says: "That' part of Martinique which hasbe^co^B'wi^^&Mg lava will retnain barren rock for centuries,
jTJjfjcf it will take almost as long for decay to start in the cinders which have been spread on other parts of the island. Vntil that shall happen there will be no soil on .'which the former luxuriant vegetation could take root. It would not
~ be surprising if the great overflow of lava from ihc volcano left so great a cavity underneath the cnist that the volcano itself fell in and disappeared, or even the zvhole island itself sank out of sight beneath the sea. It zvas pushed up
from underneath the surface of the water in the first place by volcanic disturbances, and then built up of lava and cinders by subsequent eruptions" ' ¦ ¦
HALF A MILLION IS VOTED FOR RELIEF
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALIif WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
2
Residents Are
Kept Within
Town.
Hood's Sarsqparilla
Has won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only. " } ¦ >
Its wonderful popularity is explained
by its unapproachable Merit, j \
Based, : uppn a- prescription which
cured people considered incurable,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known vegetable rem-
edies in such a way as to have curative
power peculiar to itself. /
Its cures of scrofula/, eczema, psoii-.'
asis, and every kind of humor, as well as
catarrh and rheumatism-— prove
Hood' s Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier, ever produced.
; ' Its; cures of dyspepsia, 1 loss of ;appe-
tite.'and that: tired .feeling, make it the
greatest stomach tonic and /strength-
restorer the: world has ever known. '
Begin to take it TO-DAY. .-. • .
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register at. Once.
AH citizens must^ register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. rri., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.
- By order "of, the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Votcn.
(fl, When. You Bt/y a y^
Yhl II IB Don't buy it because it's cheap, but because of '.ts ff j
T^JI IS merits. Choose a piano as you would choose a wife, on Jgj
V^ wM its good qualities alone. Our lines of pianos constitute I Iff
\i--?\Ai the greatest, best and most reliable makes— the most per- i\i
-jgrsCIS&l feet productions of the world's greatest geniuses in >jL\\ ;
&^']\?JLs:. pia-no construction. If you contemplate purchasing a ffill
V-*L :^S<yj P lano caJ1 ani * see. us or write. . fWll
$Sr The WILEY B. ALLEN CO, «
W^i 931 Market St., - San Francisco. T T
III AH Market-street ' cars'-' stop In front of our door. I I
111 BRANCH— 851 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. I ISACRAMENTO, May 13.— The floral
parade that was 'to have taken place this
afternoon was postponed on account of
tho rainstorm, and will take place to-mor
row morning, the weather having
cleared.
Bain Delays Floral Parade.
ST. PETERSBURG. May 12.—Balschan
eff, who assassinated Sipiaguina, the
Russian Minister of the Interior, April 15,
has been transferred to the prison at
Schlusselburg, where he will be executed
to-day or to-morrow.
Assassin's Life Nearly Ended.
WASHINGTON. May 13.-These confir
mations by the Senate are reported: G.
A. Robethan, receiver of public moneys,
Blackfoot, Idaho: L. R. Thomas, regis
ter of land office at Blackfoot, Idaho.
Postmasters: California— W. J. Hill, Sa
linas: S. Inch, Placerville: C. G. Cham
berlain, Pacific . Grove; William D. In
gram, Lincoln. Arizona— A. J. Hudson,
Clifton; J. G.-McCabe. Bisbee.
Confirmations by the Senate.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 12.— Serious
"Russian Easter" riots have occurred in
the province of Kuban, North Caucasia,
between Russians and Armenians. The
latter were outnumbered and routed. The
Russians then stoned the houses of the
and pillaged their shops.
Tne Armenians would probably have
been massacred but for the timely ar
rival of troops. Many arrests were made.
Russians Fight Armenians.
MADRID, May 13.— Senor Canalejas,
the Minister of Agriculture, has con
sented to retain his portfolio until after
the; accession of King Alfonso. Senor
Canalejas disagrees with the Governn *nt
in its policy of coming to a compromise
arrangement with the Vatican on the
question of the religious orders. A serious
political crisis Is only postponed until af
ter the festivities attending the corona
tion of the King.
After Coronation — the Crisis.
Miss Henderson resides a short distance
from the quarry, and as she looked from
a. window she saw that the roof of the
powder magazine was blazing. The men
at work in the quarry were not aware
of their danger until she ran to the
quarry and warned them, and not a sec
ond too .soon. While the men and Miss
Henderson were fleeing there was a terri
ble explosion. The air was filled with
splinters, stones and dirt, which showered
upon their heads. In the magazine which
exploded there were thirty kegs «>f powder
ana 300 pounds of dynamite. Nothing' but
avhole . in . the ground marks the ¦ place
where the powder house stood.
NORRISTOWN. Pa., May 13.— The pres
ence of mind of ¦ Miss Katie Henderson
saved thirty men employed in the. quar-'
ries at West Coshohocken from death or
Injury.-
rowly Escape an Explosion
. of Dynamite.
Thirty Employes of a Quarry Nar-
GIBL SAVES THE MEN"
FROM HOBRIBLE" DEATH
The Sakkarah belongs to the Cosmos
line of Hamburg. She was a vessel of
9650 tons, and was. built at Newcastle,
England, in 1897. Her dimensions were:
Length, 375 feet; breadth, 46.5 feet, and
depth, 27 feet
. VALPARAISO. Chile, May 13.— The Ger
man steamer Sakkarah, : Captain Plening,
was wrecked at Huamblin Island, off the
coast of Patagonia. She is a total loss.
The passengers and crew were saved. The
cargo of the vessel included $1,500,000 in
gold specie, which waa being remitted by
the Chilean Government.- The Sakkarah
left cere April 24 . for Hamburg. .
Large Amount of Money. Sent by the
Chilean Government Goes to
,» . the Bottom" With the
Hl-Fated Craft.
Passengers and Crew Are Re
ported to Have Been ,
I Saved. .
German Vessel Sakkarah
a Total Loss Near
Patagonia.
SEA CLAIMS
GOLD-LADEN
STEAMSHIP
THE HAGUE, May 13.— Dispatches frflm
Castle Loo received to-day show that the im
provement in the condition of Queen Wilhel
mlna continues. ' .
SAN JOSE, May 13.— Mrs. W. A. Croth
ers, wife of Dr. Crothers, was painfully
injured in an automobile accident while
on her way to the Hotel Vendome to at
tend the reception to Eastern clubwomen
last night. As Dr. and Mrs. Crothers
reached Julian street on First; a hack
dashed in front of them, and to prevent
a collision the auto was headed across the
¦street.' Before they could ! come to a
standstill the vehicle dashed into a post
and was, wrecked. Mrs. Crothers was
thrown headlong into the street; striking
on her head. She was stunned for a
short time and sustained numerous
bruises, but her injuries are not serious.
Hurled From an Automobile.
cording to a previous estimate. Of this
amount 160,000 tons had been shipped
from* Cuba.
I WOMAN ."WHO^a CLAIMS/* SHE,
; WAS- ROBBED BY HER -IN
TENDED HUSBAND. '
TOPEKA, Kans., May 13.— The 'case
against Mrs. Carrie Nation for joint
smashing came to trial in tb© District
Court here to-day and was dismissed an
a technicality. Mrs. Nation has one more
trial to face resulting from her raids of
more than a year ago.
Carrie Nation Case Dismissed.
DENVER. Colo.. May 13.— Mrs. Nellie
Gabrin. who was charged by Chief of Po
lice Armstrong with having 1 murdered
her husband. Representative Albert Gab
rin, by administering arsenic to him, was
released to-day by Justice of the Peace
Byrne, the State having chosen to present
its evidence before a grand Jury, rather
than in a justice's court. A special grand
jury will be summoned to-morrow to in
vestigate the death of Gabrin.
Grand Jury Must Investigate.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 13.— A careful
and systematic search, for the dead and
injured in the Sheridan explosion and fire
of yesterday reveals to-night a list of
twenty-three dead and 202 injured. The
complete list of the injured may never bo
known, as many were able to> get away
without making known their Identity. A
conservative estimate made by those fa
miliar with the situation places the num
ber more or less seriously hurt at not
less than 300. The official list of the dead,
up to 8 o'clock to-night, given out by the
Coroner, follows:
ELBERT .BERRY, aged 15, Sheridan.
HUGH FLAHERTY, 65, Esplen.
DALLAS BYRD, 26, New Cumberland,
W. Va.
ANTONIO LEO, 33, Sheridan.
. FINNERTY, 40, Slsterville, W. Va.
J. L. KENNAN, 17, Carnegie.
H. S. SMITHLEY, 20, Uhrichsville,
Ohio.
GEORGE D. WILSON, 15, Sheridan.
MATTHEW Ll MARNON, 24, McKee'S
Rocks.
DONALD SMITH. 9, Sheridan.
WILLIAM H. FIFE, 10, Sheridan.
CHARLES HAERTTG, 14, Green Tree
Borough. - : V
WALTER E. RICE, 3L Dorrencetown.
ELMER E. HUNTER, 37. Sheridan.
W. W. TAYLOR, 24, Miller's Station.
Ohio.
PAJ^COL MADER, 40, Sheridan.
Yrt&Jj. REISE.
WALTER E. WRIGHT, Sheridan.
JOHN SWAN. 30. Sheridan.
TWO UNKNOWN MEN, at Pittsburgf
Morgue.
UNKNOWN BOY.
AN ITALIAN SECTION FOREMAN.
This list will likely be added to during
the night, aa a number of. the victims, at
the hospitals are reported by the physici
ans to be in such serious condition that
it will be a miracle if they survive. There
are scores of people in Sheridan who
should be in the hospitals, but for want
of room they are being cared for by
friends. Some of these are also expected
The scenes in and around Sheridan to
day were pitiful in the extreme. Nearly
every house in the village had an injured
Inmate, and in many home3 mourning:
families were gathered about the charred
and distorted remains of victims of the
calamity. Many children were caught by
the flames yesterday, and as a result the
two public school buildings to-day were
almost deserted. Of the 700 pupils en
rolled, but 200 were in attendance at the
sessions to-day. Of the '500 absent. Pro
fessor Hannum estimates that 100 were
Injured. The children have started a fund
for the aid of their unfortunate school
mates, . some of whom are in naed of
financial assistance.
The damage to property by the ex
plosion will probably be heavy. The loss
at the mouth of Cork's Run tunnel alone
will probably exceed $100,000. In addition
to the heavy loss by the railroad com
pany, twenty-five houses were destroyed
either by the force of the explosions or
by the fire which followed.
Three Hundred Persons Believed to
Have Been Seriously Injured in
the Calamity Near the
City of Pittsburgh "j
Many Children Are Among
the Victims of the
Explosion.
Twenty-Three the Num
ber of the Dead at
RUINS LEND
MORE HORROR
TO DISASTER
PEKING. May 13.-The Government an
nounces that, after two days' fighting,
the rebels in the southern part of ; th*
province of Chili have been completely de
feated and their leaders captured *
The encounter between the rebls'and the
troops of Yang Kai Shi; the Governor of
Chili province, practically breaks UD'all
armed resistance of the Government It
is estimated that 200 of ' the rebels , were
killed. The end of the engagement sav
ored of a massacre. All the wounded
-were killed and no . prisoners were ' taken "
ers Captured.
Two Hundred Slain and Their Lead-
CHTLI "REBELLION CRUSHED.
'The imperial troops, under Marshal
Su and General Ma, are unable to check
the advance of the rebels," said the
banker. "The latter's weapons -Were
smuggled intojthe Interior for some time
before the outbreak by men disguised as
opium smugglers, who traveled inland
f ? )n ?. Al J. nam - A . 1 Present there Is no trade
at all. Everything is suspended; and let
me tell you, the worst has by no means
been heard from Kwangsi."
• In conclusion., be it known that the Western
people are not to be Interfered with; their
lives are to be protected and their trade not
to be meddled with. Let them go in peace
We are the enemies of the Manchu dynasty'
We have spoken. . ' '.'•'•'¦>$
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. May 13.— Arthur Ball,
playing ' shortstop for St. Joseph, was
shocked by a bolt of lightning in the
game to-day, and for some time was un
conscious. The bolt ' that Injured Ball
shocked other players.
an emperor and a viceroy for each province
of Kwangsi and Kwaichou.
Lightning Strikes a Ball Flayer.
Army: Infantry captains to be majors-
James B. Goe, Thirteenth; Hunter Lig
gett. Fifth'. First lieutenants to be cap
tains — Henry M. Dlchmann, Seventh;
Halsted Dorsey, Fourth. Quartermaster
Sergeant I. M. Campbell to be second
lieutenant.
Consuls— Benjamin Johnston, Iowa, at
Ceiba, Honduras; Samuel S. Lyons, New
Jersey, .Kobe, Japan; Alfred M. Moe,
New Jersey, Tegusigalpa, Honduras; Wil
liam Martin, New York, Nanking, China;
Henry H. Morgan, Louisiana, Lucerne,
Switzerland. Consul Generals— Hugh Pit
cairn, Pennsylvania, Hamburg, Germany;
Soren Listoe, Minnesota, Rotterdam,
Netherlands; James H. Woman, New
York, Munich, Bavaria. Secretary qt
Legation and Consul General— Gordon
Paddock, New York, at Seoul, Korea. ;
Revenue cutter service. First lieutenants
to be captains— Frank G. F. Wadsworth,
Massachusetts; Walter S. Howland,
Massachusetts; A. P. Hanks, Wisconsin;
William Cushlng. New York.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations
the Senate:
Officials Sent to the
Senate.
Nominations of a Number of Federal
CONSTTLS ARE NAMED
BY THE PRESIDENT
.Senator Piatt read a letter' from "Gen
eral Wood, givingv.the last sugar crop
at 750,000 tons Instead, of 880,000 tons, ac-
WASHINGTON, ' May 13.— Hugh Kelly
of New York, extensively interested in
Cuban sugar-growing, was before the
Senate Committee on Relations with Cuba
to-day.. He asserted that the Cuban
sugar-growers would.be the beneficiaries
of any reduction. that ; was made; in the
duty by the United States. He said the
refiners could not control . the price .and
the sugar-mill owners would not benefit
from the reduction, except in cases where
they owned the land.- He- showed' that
many Americans owned sugar. lands in
Cuba, but declared that few options were
now accepted by Cubans because they
wanted to make sales outright if at all.
He said sugar-growing had not • been
profitable of late. years because of the
low price of . the product and the high
price of labor, workingmen receiving a
dollar a day in gold. He discussed at
seme length the possibilities of sugar
production, in Cuba. •
Before tie Committee in
, / Wa shington.
TELLS THE SENATORS '.:-..
.; :¦;'' : K . about .Cuban . sugas
Hugh 'Kelly of New York Witness
Besides $6800 in cash, the thief secured a
pearl and ruby ring, valued at $150 and a
lady's gold watch and neckchain. He left
Mrs. Klein absolutely penniless, and un
less he Is caught with the money, she will
have to depend upon her labor to keep
heraelf from starvation.
forehead, large thick lips and short up
per lip. He had a few days' growth of
mustache, but otherwise is clean shaven.
On the right side of his face he had a
number of moles, one large one on a line
with the butt of the ear. His eyes are
shifty, and he has a bald spot on top of
his .head. He has a' Jewish cast of coun
tenance and speaks English brokenly. His
neck is short, and he wears a turn-down
collar. He was dressed in a blue striped
shirt, dark coat and i vest and gray
striped trousers, with patent leather
shoes; ¦ '¦-. • ;
Sons of China, we are not robbers, treat us
not as such. We, the proper Chinese, are
Boverned by foreigners — for are not the Jlan
ch-os, the present usurpers of our throne, for
eigners? They have not Justly ruled us. The
groans of the masses are not heard, their
grievances are not redressed. The mandarin*
are a mass of corrupt officials; they have
sold parts of China to Western people; they
have declared war upon nations without our
knowledge end now demand of us, the South
erners, increased taxes to meet the payment
of the indemnities. Why should we be the
sufferers? We are nothing to them. Why have
we allowed ourselves to be thus trampled upon?
True sons of. China and of the South we
pray you to consider these things and read our
propaganda. Our first Is the overthrowing of
the present Manchu dynasty; second, founding
a new dynasty with a Chinese Emperor on the
throne: third, the helping of the oppressed and
needy; fourth, the introduction of reform-
, fif l h - -l he P™^ 1 ' 011 of trade, and sixth and
last, the establishment of Kwangsi, Kwang
tung and Kwaichou as the three seats of gov
ernment, with Canton as the capital and with
HATRED OF THE MANCHUS.
"The next day the mandarins were exe
cuted by the rebels and the town formally
taken over. All who resisted were killed.
Printed pamphlets were issued and posted
in public places, which bore the rebel
propaganda. An exact translation is as
follows:
A Chinese banker, in an interview at
Hongkong, after a tour of Kwangsi, says
that thirty towns have been captured and
that the rebellion will assume tremendous
proportions.
"The first inkling we had of the move
ment," said he, "was when I went to a
small town on the West River, called
Ping Nam, from my headquarters at Shek
Sing last February. On my return I
found Shek Sing in the hands of the reb
els, led by one Kwok. It appears that one
day forty men disguised as opium mer
chants came Into the town and said they
were travelers passing through. Toward
evening more arrived, and during the
night some hundreds were in the city,
which was completely in their hands.
They captured the local mandarins, seized
the banks, including mine, and threw
open the prison and liberated the prison-'
ers.
THIRTY TOWNS ARE TAKEN.
While this rebel army was gaining vic
tories in Kwangtung the Kwangsi rebels
fell upon a brigade of Marshal Su's
troops, reinforced by a brigade of Anhui'
troops under Chin, Taotai of Kao Lien
Clung. Victory went to the Chingchou
rebels under Kwok, who lost 300 men, ]
while the imperialists had 1200 killed. The I
rebels killed the wounded after the Gov- j
ernrnent troops fled. i
In the two Kwangs and the Yun Kwel
provinces the rebels, numbering 120.000
men. have ' artillery and modern war mu
nitions besides fully 90,000 Mauser maga
zine rifles. The rebels outnumber the im
perial troops by seven to one. They have
possession of all the trade routes to the
interior in the two Kwangs and have
captured large quantities of supplies
destined for the various military garri
sons in the interior, which are cooped up
and dare not leave the cities.
At Huichoufu a detachment of 'Liu
Wung Fu's famous Black Flags -was sent
against the rebels. This force was sig
nally defeated, being cut to pieces In an
ambush. The survivors at once joined
the insurgents. Another force of 2000
Black Flags was dispatched against the
rebels, but, probably being in sympathy
with the rebellion, fled from the field,
leaving the civil mandarins to fall intj
the hands of the enemy. The mandarins
were tortured and beheaded.
MANDARINS ARE BEHEADED.
All was bustle and warlike preparation
at Nanning when Mr. and Mrs. Landis
left there. The water front was lined
with shallow draught gunboats, in which
the imperial authorities were dispatching
soldiers and their ponies up and down the
river to meet the rebels. Couriers were
continually arriving, telling of rebel suc
cesses and of the growth ot numbers. The
walls, of Nanning were being strength
ened, artillery mounted in places and
other preparations made for defense.
The greatest excitement was occasioned
by the return of the defeated Black Flags
after the battle with the rebels at Chun
Shan Hui. They had lost 1000 of their
number and West River was thick with
the dead. When the stragglers returned
with the wounded and several prisoners,
who were publicly beheaded at the mar
ket place, the Taotai advised the foreign
ers and missionaries to leave Nanning,
and many started, including those who
reached here by the Empress to-day. Rev.
Louis Byrde and family were among
other fugitives.
NANNING AWAITS ATTACK.
Mr. and Mrs. Landis of the Christian
and Missionary Alliance were stationed at
Nanning, which Is now being besieged by
the rebels. They were asked to leave the
Kwangsi city after the massacre at Chun
Shan Hui, where the insurgents slew
more than 1000 of the imperal troops.
They fled in a boat, which was
manned by some Chinese ; converts,
down West River, .. and had many
hairbreadth escapes during the voyage to
Canton, whence they made their way: to
Hongkong and there embarked on the Em
press of India. They were fired upon sev
eral times. Many refugees came down
West River with these arrived mission
aries, those from above Nanning bringing
with them news of their sufferings at
the hands "of the rebels. One French
priest was known to have been murdered,
and it was feared that other mlsionarles
lost their lives. ' .
VICTORIA, B. C. May 13.-The steam
er Empress of India brought among her
passengers to-day the first of the refugee
missionaries who were obliged to flee
from Kwangsi as a ' result of the rebel
lion in that province and Kwangtung,
where there are now 120,000 well-armed
troops In revolt. Three-fourths of the re
bels are armed with Mauser magazine ri
fles and are old soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Refugee Missionaries Arriving in
Victoria Tell of Repeated Suc
cesses of the. Insurgent
Armies.
Capture Thirty Towns in
Kwangsi and Kwangtung
Provinces.
Haldeman was a man of considerable
wealth and was connected with a number
of business enterprises in the South.
Haldeman was born at Maysville, Ky.,
April 21, 1821, and was educated at Mays
ville Academy with General U.S. ; Grant
and others of note. In 1844 he started the
Daily Dime paper, which was soon con
verted into the Louisville Courier. This
he conducted until 1861, when it was sup
pressed by military domination, Mr.
Haldeman being a Confederate sym
pathizer. The Courier soon appeared at
Bowling Green, Ky.. and then at Nash
ville and at the close of the Civil War
Haldeman resumed the publication of the
Courier in this city, until 1868, when, in
concert with Henry Watterson, of the
Journal, the two papers were consolidated
and appeared as the Louisville Courier-
Journal, which has since continued under
the same management.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 13.— Walter N.
Haldeman, president of the Louisville
Courier-Journal Company and one of the
oldest active newspaper men in the coun
try, died here to-day from the effects of
injuries received by being struck by a
trolley car Saturday, morning. .
Courier-Journal Victim of
an Accident.
Walter Haldeman of tne Louisville
NOTED NEWSPAPER MAN
DIES FROM INJURIES
Mrs. Majors, the landlady, gives an ac
curate description of Marco, which will
probably aid in his apprehension. . She
says he is about 32 years of age, five
feet eight Inches tall, of stocky build
and dartt complexion, with dark brown
hair and hazel eyes. He weighs 183 pounds,
has a full face, small chin, protruding
I/EFT ENTIRELY DESTITUTE.
• Policeman James Cullenan, the "officer
on the beat, was immediately notified by
the two excited women and he breught
them, down to police headquarters. De
tectives. Bell and Reynolds were detailed
on the case and together with, the women
went at once to the ferry in hopes of in
tercepting the fugitive. He was not
found, and a search of the Overland train
at the Oakland mole was . likewise fruit
less. Up to a late hour last night no
trace of the missing man had been se
cured but the police aro watching closely
every avenue of escape. .
Between 5 and 6 o'clock last evening
Marco came to the house and after greet
ing Mrs. Klein, who was sitting in Mrs.
Majors' apartment, proceeded to the room
occupied by • himself and Mrs. Klein.
She went into this room shortly after
ward and , discovered the bed in disorder.
A hasty search disclosed the fact that the
money and jewelry were missing, and fur
ther examination showed that the thief
had made his escape through the rear, of
the house. ¦
The fact tfiat Mrs. Klein had a large
sum of money was known to Marco and
to Mrs. Majors, the landlady. The latter
advised Mrs. Klein in the morning to de
posit the money in some bank, but Mar
co said there was no hurry about it.
KNEW SHE HAD MONEY.
She arrived in the city Sunday, having
nearly $7000 In cash and some Jewelry. .
She occupied the same room as Marco,
and according to her story, the under
standing was that they were to be:mar
ried during the present week. Her money,
consisting of $3000 in $100 bills and $3800 in
bills of small denominations was placed'
between the ¦, mattresses of the bed
wrapped in sheet rubber. • . ¦ ¦
During the latter part of April Marco
arrived in San Francisco, having made the
Journey west for the ostensible purpose
of :inding a good place to go into business.
He rented a room at 146 Eddy street' and
wrote to Mrs. Klein, telling her that this
city' offered good opportunities. She ' im
mediately .sold out her restaurant : and
came- west. •¦¦ ¦ ' \ .
For fourteen years Mrs. Klein, who 13 a
portly German, woman, close to the half
century mark in years, has run a small
restaurant in St. Louis, Mo. By hard
work and thrift she amassed several thou
sand dollars. About five weeks ago
Charles Marco, a.Hungarian waiter about
32 years of age.obtained employment from
Mrs. Klein, and immediately ingratiated
himself into' her affections. She had been
divorced from her tirst husband two years
before, and she promised to become Mar
co's .wife. .:.:¦•¦
in cash, is left penniless in a
strange city, and her promised husband Js
being sought far and wide by the police
in the hope that he may be compelled to
make restitution of the money he Is said
to have stolen.
THROUGH the alleged perfidy of
the man she loved, Mrs. Julia
Klein, until yesterday afternoon
the possessor of a small fortune
Chinese Rebels Massa
cre One Thousand
Black Flags.
Island Republic Is in the
Throes of a Revo
lution.
Mob Attacks the Palace and
Several Deaths Re
sult
United States Gunboat Topeka Is
Ordered to Sail for the Scene of
Disturbance at Earliest
Possible Moment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 13.—
The palace in which were former Presi
dent Sam and his wife and the arsenal
and residence of General Vilbrun. former
Secretary of War, were attacked last
night by revolutionists under the leader
ship of General St. Foix Colin. The at
tack on the palace was repulsed after one
hour of fighting. One man was killed and
many wounded. Former President Sam
was protected by the Presidential Guard.
General Vilbrun managed to elude the
revolutionary citizens, who fired upon his
residence, and sought refuge In the
French legation, where also the former
Minister of Finance found an asylum.
General Defly was forced to evacuate the
arsenal and fled to the palace. General
Sam early this morning sent a messenger
to the palace, as he wished to place him
self under the protection of the diplomatic
corps. The former President feared an
cttack upon his person, .as the revolution
try citizens Were at first determined either
to drive him and his Cabinet from Port
an Prince or to take more severe action.
General and Mrs. Sara were removed in a
carriage with the United States and
i-Yench Ministers. Later General and
Mrs. Sam and the former Haytian official^
went aboard a French vessel to sail for
France. The action of Minister Powell
end other members of the diplomatic
corps greatly relieved the situation, but
there is still intense though suppressed
excitement in the city.
irUJSJISTERS SEEK REFUGE.
Former Minister of Foreign Affairs
Brutus St. Victor and former Minister of
the Interior Tancrede Auguste have
fctught refuge at the United States lega
tion.
The new Legislature will select a Presi
dent of the republic. There is a. rumor
that General Jumeau is marching on the
capital in the interest of M. Alexis ' or
General Firmin, two candidates for the
Presidency. If such is the case serious
trouble may arise. The southern part of
the republic is opposed to the election of
a northern man as President.
A Haytian gunboat has fired alarm guns
and put to sea. Her destination and the
purpose of her departure have not been
disclosed. Late rumors are to the effect
that General Firmin has been proclaimed
Et Cape Haytien President of the re
public. The northern part of the repub
lic is said to be generally In favor of
Firmin.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— Hayti is In
the throes of a revolution. The insurgent
army is in control. Secretary Hay re
ceived this afternoon a dispatch from
Powell, Minister at Port au Prince, which
reads:
"The Chambers have been closed by a
mob. Much firing' ensued and one Deputy
was mortally wounded. The populace at
tacked the palace and arsenal last night.
Several were killed and wounded. The
diplomatic corps embarks the President
to-day. The Minister for Foreign Affairs
and the Minister of War have taken
refuge in the American legation. Firmin,
with his army, is marching on Port au
Frince. Great excitement prevails at
Port au Prince and business is suspended
for the present."
GUNBOAT WILL SAIL.
Secretary Hay referred a copy of Pow
elTs message to the Secretary of the
Navy, with a request that a. warship be
ac once dispatched to Haytian waters.
Accordingly orders were telegraphed to
the gunboat Topeka to sail as soon -as
possible for Port au Prince. She will leave
Saturday.
Some regret is expressed that Powell
should have received the two Haytian
officials in his legation. The United
States has always deprecated the practice
of its legations being made a refuge of
representatives of a Government which
has been overturned. It is feared that
some embarrassment may arise with the
revolutionary authorities, but It is said
that the men v.ill certainly not be sur
rendered if there is any danger that they
•will be executed.
CAPE HAYTIEX. Hayti, May 13.— The
S'inlster of the Interior. Tancrede Au
sruste, telegraphing to M. Alexis, Dele
pate of the Departments of North and
Xorthv/est. says two unsuccessful attacks
v.ere made on the palace at Port au
Prince last nigrht. He declares that these
attacks were violent end that the partici
pants are guilty of treason. He expresses
the belief that the Government will be
forced to abdicate to-day. The revolu
tionary committee organized here has is
sued a.n address to the people, referring
to the unexpected abandonment of power
by President Sam and the rejection of
bis candidates for succession and the dis
solution of the Congress. The address
also dwells on the threatening horrors of
anarchy, and calls upon the people of the
North and Northwest to unite for the
defense of order, peace and the constitu
tion.
General Jean Jumeau. a powerful and
regressive leader, has declared in favor
of General Antenor Firmin. the Haytian
Minister to France, for the next Presi
dent of Hayti. General Firmln is a can
didate of the North, and is most popular
in the republic. General Nord Alexis ex
pectl to arrive in Port au Prince on Sun
day. Troops are beir-g mobilized to begin
¦the march. General Firmin will start for
Port au Prince at the first opportunity.
There was a disturbance In the streets
here this afternoon, but it was not se
rious.
Robinson's Hearing Goes Over.
SAN JOSE, May 13.— Miss Mary Gabel.
v- - ho was brutally assaulted by James
Ilobinson. a negro, about ten days ago,
has not yet sufficiently recovered to ap
pear in court. Robinson was to have
l^en examined this morning, but Miss
Oabel could not appear, and the case
v.ent over to May 2L Miss Gabel was hit
on the head v.ith a heavy club and then
lj'aten into unronsciousness with blows
Z n x* ce - She has been confined to
her bed ever since.
ANNIHILATE
FORCE SENT
AGAINST THEM
REBELLION'S
SWORD FALLS
UPON HAYTI
SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902;
Mrs. Julia Klien of St. Louis Sells Restaurant There Upon Advice of Charles
Marco, a Waiter With Whom She Is Infatuated, and With the Proceeds
Joins Him in This City-He Suddenly Disappears and so Does Her Coin
CONFIDING WIDOW FROM MISSOURI
ROBBED OF $7000 AND HER JEWELRY
3
Noteworthy Facts.
Apollinaris Sales in 1901 exceeded
the Enormous 1900 Figures— 28,000,000 bottles
-J*- "THE OUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Bottled at, and imported from,
tfec Apollinaris Spring, Rhenish Prussia, Germany,
charged only with its OWN Natural Gas,
- -^- -^^^^^ - - • ...... — — -Mi^ W.^ W^^ —^^M * , - fPickwick and, Burnaby lodges of the
Sons ' of St • George celebrated the
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
-"LONDON. May 13.— A ' dispatch received
here to-day from Lloyds' > agent ~ at Rangoon,
British Burmah, says that the British steamer
Camorata .. from Madras, ¦ which ¦ is stated to
have - 660 . passengers on > board, is eight . days
overdue.". - ¦-—-,.,..- ¦ . ¦ ¦ v . - ; - ...... .¦ .-
¦Grand \ Dictator ; Archibald -.was In Los
Angeles . last week. -Before his return- to
this city he will have visited the lodges in
that city, Modesto, Merced and Fresno.
The Past Dictators' > Association had a
meeting last night and had under, con
sideration a . proposed change In the by
laws and the proposition to adopt a side
degree. ¦
The late Joe Austin of the Mail Com
pany, and, the late H. T. Holmes, the well
known pioneer,- were members of this or
der, the former of Yosemite Lodge and
the latter of Fidelity. .
Polar. Star ' Lodge of the Knights of
Honor- celebrated the twenty-first anni
versary of its institution on last Friday
night by a . social and dance in Cham
pion Hall at- Sixteenth and Valencia
streets. ¦ The i attendance was large, the
programme pleasing and the dances en
joyable. The affair was a red letter event
In the history of the lodge that will long
be remembered pleasantly by all who were
present. • - ; •
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
AXTJMNT BANQUETS TECE
PHARMACY GRADUATE3
Covers Set for Seventy-five at the
Feast Held at Downtown
R-otisserie.
The annual banquet given by the AI
umnl Association of the pharmacy depart
ment of the University of California to
the outgoing 1902 class was held last night
at a downtown rotisserle.
A Joyous evening was spent by the bovs.
President Dr Hayden M. Simmons was
toastmaster. The following responded to
tO£LSt.S • . . t
~J' rCf ?? EOr Scarb y- "The Faculty of the Phar
macy. Department"; a., e. Bacon "The Pro
gress of Phannical Education"; Professor F
T. Ornen. "Our University"; Mr. Wiley "The
Legal Status of the Pharmacist"; Dr G G
Bennett. "The Post-graduate in Pharrtiacv"";
O Mouron. "The Ladies"; F. A. Beckett "The
Alumni Association." ""V
There were vocal solos by Dr T Rot
tanri and Mrs J. J. B.- Argent! and 'piano
selections by Ernest Michaels.
Hamilton Is Held for Robberv.
Harry Hamilton, one of the com
panions of Joseph King, the convict
preacher, was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan yester
day on a charge of robbery. He stole a
purse from Mrs. Addle Freeman on a
Market-street car March 29. Hamilton's
bonds in this case were fixed at SoOOO
He was also held in $2000 bends on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
for pointing a revolver at Judge Fritz
who chased and overtook him on the oc
casion of the robbery. On Monday Ham
ilton was held on four charges of bur
glary. • , \ . v
Convicted cf Grand Larceny.
John Simpson was convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny. He 1 will be
sentenced Saturday. On the night of
March 3 he broke into the room of W
K. Macomber, manager of the Hawaiian
Glee Club, at 121 Powell street, and. stole
several of the club's instruments. Po
liceman Mulcahy recovered the plunder
in Simpson's room on Eddy street.
Cochran Is Not Prosecuted.
The # case against J. Wilson Cochran,
charged with petty larceny, was "dis
missed by Judge Cabaniss yesterda-.\ as
the complaining witness, Louis Golder,
paymaster for the American Can Com
pany, said he did not want .to prosecute."'
Sternberg May Gain Honors.
WASHINGTON. May 13.-The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day or
dered a favorable report on the bill to re
tire Burgeon General SUrnbery, with the
rank of. major eeneral.
There's Always a "Best,"
And wherever there is a "best" there are
always a host of imitations. Doctors pre
scribe Malt-Nutrine for patients because
they know what it Is and that it will
bring back tone and strength to the weak
or disease-wasted. Take no substitute for
Malt-Nutnne, for there is none that will
satisfy Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n,
fat. Louis. Li. S. A. •
District Deputy J. Harry Hutaft is ar
ranging for class work in Blazing Ar
row Tribe. The event will take place on
the 12th of May, when the degrees will
be conferred on twenty strangers who
were found roaming in the forest. ' The
work will be done by the team of Altah
mos. ' !
*• The adoption degree team of Altahmos
Tribe conferred that degree on a number
of palefaces for Mancopah Tribe re
cently. ¦ ¦ ¦ > . . . - .
On the last day of April Altahmos
Tribe of the Improved Order of Red
Men conferred the adoption, the war
rior s and chief's degrees on sixty-eight
palefaces. The adoption degree was con
ferred by George W. Baltic. S.; William
I' B A lal^? el i' S - s - : H - s - Ofdenkamp, J.
fl' : . A i E^ W . ess ll ng ' R; c - M - Ambrose,
first. 8.; F. A. Norton, second S.; H. S.
Henry , G. of. W.; Benjamin F. Carman,
G. of F.; A. H. Judd, first W.; George A
?h r . OWn w SeC T? nd x^ V - ; , J i H - Smailbone,
third \V.; K. Khouri, fourth W.; E. M
Arregala first B.; J. H. Travers, second
B.; 13. E. Warren, third B.'; Dr. R. F
Kane, fourth B.; Dr. T. H. Lacoste, first
S., and I. Harris, second S. The
rior 3 degree was conferred by the
tribe s I champion team, of which the fol
lowing named are^the leading chiefs: J.
H.H.utaff, S.; William J. Blalsdell. S.
S.; G. W. Baltic, Jr. S.; W. T. Lyon P
The chief's degree was by the champion
team of Montezuma Tribe: J. J. Phelan
S. ; Dr. M. B. Ryan, P.. The initiation
took place in the assembly hall of the
Red Men's building, which was filled to
its fullest capacity. Manzanita, Semi
nole, Bald Eagle and Oshone tribes at
tended in a body. Past Great Sachem
J. G. Smith, Great Sachem James Boyes,
Great Junior Sagamore Thomas Roche
and Past Sachem J.F. Whipple.
Altahmos Tribe will on. the night of
the 7th have a banquet in the Red Men's
hall for the purpose of cementing the
ties of friendship recently formed with
newly initiated brothers.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Parker Lodge will have work . in • the
Initiatory degree at its next meeting.
Cosmopolitan at its last : held . meeting
made a record of four initiates.
James H. ;cope has been elected a. di
rector of the Odd Fellows* Hall Associa
tion, vice 'A. B.Richet.
Morse Lodge will enjoy a banquet in the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' building
on the night of the 7th inst.
Golden Rule Encampment of Oakland
paid a return visit last week to Unity En
campment of this city and the event
was a most pleasant one. Past Grand
Patriarch Louis G. Schord presided at the
banquet given later in the evening and he
was subsequently relieved by Chief Patri
arch George T. Shaw Jr., .'who proved
himself a most apt toastmaster. Among
those who were called upon to respond to
toasts were: Chief Patriarch James Rye,
Chief Patriarch Wever, Past Chief. Patri
arch,Sewell, F. E. Pierce of Oakland and
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes. The meeting
was a very pleasant one.
, The team of Pacific Lodge will pav a
fraternal visit to Spartan Lodge, South
San Francisco, on the*7th inst. and will
confer the degrees. "\ .
At the district meeting of the lodges in
the hall of Unity Lodge .recently there
was presented to W. E. Dubols, the dis
trict deputy, one of the handsomest jewels
of his rank ever presented to a member
of the order as a token of appreciation
of services for a district and the order
generally. . ¦ •>
Farnsworth Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows celebrated the
eighty-third anniversary of the founda
tion of Odd Fellowship by giving a very
pleasant entertainment in the Memorial
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building on the
last night in April. There. was a very in
teresting programme of vaudeville num
bers, followed uy dancing. The hall was
.crowded and the enthusiasm of the audi
ence was manifested by the applause in
approval of the various numbers.! The
following was the programme:. William I.
Brobeck, P. G., "Words of Wisdom";
Lloyd Spencer, "Funnyisms"; Mrs. Eva
Tenney, . soprano Solo; Oscar Frank,
barytone solo; Miss Mabel Bazelle, mono
logue; George Ryan, in his latest; W.
H. Brown, bass solo; M. Scanlan, assisted
by the Manhattan Quartet, tenor solo;
liilton Lamber, "coon specialties"; Wil
liam ,McCrory, banjo selections. Brother
Maurice S. Kramer was accompanist.
A new lodge was recently instituted at
Long Beach. Los Angeles County, when
the initiatory degree was given by a team
from Westminster Lodge, the first degree
was given by a team , from Santa Ana
Lodge, the second by a team ' from Semi-
Tropic Lodge and the third by a team of
past grand of Los Angeles. A feature of
the institution was receiving into the
lodge as a charter member on transfer
card of J. J. Overton, who Is now 104 years
6 months old. He joined a lodge in Erie,
Pa., In 18S2. He subsequently transferred
to Schuyler Lodge of Lancaster, Mo., and
took a transfer to join the lodge at Long
Beach. If there is any older Odd Fellow
In this State this department will be
pleased to publish his record.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The toasts of "The President of the
united States'.' and "The Kingand Queen"
were duly honored. The chairman read a
letter received from the British Consul
General regretting his unavoidable ab
sence. H. . Dlgby Johnston, L.L.D.. re
sponded to the toast of "The Anglo-Saxon
Race," showing how the three qualities of
persistence, courage and faith had enabled
them to make such glorious progress in
civilization, v The United States. Canada
and Australasia were object lessons to the
rest of the world, for in them, were being
fulfilled the great Ideals of the Anglo-
Saxon race. Mt^ Littleton, one of the
twenty-seven guests from Sacramento,
gave a piano selection of his own compo
sition. Hugh Williamson sang "Rule,
Britannia,"' and "The Gallants of Eng
land. Mr. Bradley responded to the toast
of "The Visiting Brothers" in- the ab
sence of H. W. Rivett. H. R. Carles sang
"The Soldiers of the Queen." Charles Orr
recited "The Ghost." The toast, "Our Or
der," was responded to by W. H. Fuller.
JL. B. Cumings played a tin horn solo and
Mr. Jackson responded to the toast of
"The Ladles" in the regrettable absence of
F. D. Brandon. J. N. Fitzgerald : per
formed a vocal solo. The toast of "Our
Adopted Country" was ably responded to
by T. Trebell. A piano duet by Messrs.
Littleton and Davis and the singing of
Auld Lang Syne" brought a memorable
occasion to a close at a very* late hour.
Mr.- Gerrans, the organist, of "Pickwick
Lodge, played a variety of instrumental
music during the banquet and presided at
the piano during the evening.
versary of the patron's birth at a
banquet on April 26 in one of the fashion
able . dining halls of this city. William
Greer Harrison, having accepted the office
of toastmaster, in his opening address re
ferred to the foss that had been sustained
In the death of Cecil Rhodes and pointed
out how completely had been reversed
the unfavorable opinion of the unthinking
when the effect of his will became public
ly known. Speaking of the reports of
atrocities 'in the Philippines, he had, he
said, no doubt that they were as founda
tionless as had been the rumors. regarding
British soldiers in South Africa, and
trusted we should all be j superior to re
taliation and give our American cousins
credit for behaving as nobly as the Brit
ish soldiers. „
C. A. S. FROST, CONVICTED OF
CONTEMPT OF COURT, PAR
DONED BY PRESIDENT.
Selections, orchestra; "Our College." Profes-
JP "j- L - Goddard. Dean; xylophone solo. J.
Carac 1 .; ' The Alumni," Professor Harry V
Carlton, ¦S*j; -Clars of 1S)O2." Robert Burns
Jr.. '02; cello solo, M. -W. Wertsch; "The Evo
lution of Cur Specialty." Proffssor John Sayre
MarFhall; vocol polo. Gilbert F. Graham '94
recilation. Professor Maurice J. Sullivan-* spe
claUIes. W. J. Hynes: "Woman In Dentfstrv "
Helen P. Crlsn-ell. '»7; "The Ladles " Prof»s
?™ J :.£: "^T' 7T : vocal sol °- Annft Jcost,
00; "The Faculty." Professor John M. Will
Jiarr.son; "Something," \Y. j Hyne«
Dr. Fred G. Baird, '96. president of the
Alumni Association, was toastmaster.
Tne following programme was enjoyed:
And there Ib full liberty cf frastins? from
this present hour until the bell hath tolled the
morrow.
The faculty and alumni of the dental
department of the University of California
held a reunion and banquet last night in
the maple room at the Palace Hotel.
The room was beautifully decorated with
carnations and sweet peas. Covers were
laid for 125. The evening was^«ent tn
feasting, speechmaking and music. The
following quotation appeared on the menu
cards :
California Celebrates by Feast
ing at Palace Hotel.
Outgoing- Class From University of
GRADUATING DENTISTS ARE
BANQUETED BY ALUMNI
Henry W. Yates of Omaha, president
of the Nebraska National Bank, spoke
next, and In opposition to branch banks.
. Following these papers there was a
general discussion, of the subject, Den
nis T. Flynn, vice president of the Noble
County Bank, Perry, Okla., being among-,
those who took part. To-night an elab-l
orato reception was held. Judge John'
F. Phillips of the United States Dis
trict Court delivered the address of wel
come.
Thomas B. Patton of. New York, editor
of the Banking Law Journal, delivered
an address before the Missouri Associa
tion on the "Evolution of Banking
Laws." In the afternoon all the associa
tions met In joint session In the Grand
Opera-house. This session was taken up
with the discussion of the topic, "Branch
Banking." Horace "White, editor of the-
New York Evening- Post, who was the
first sneaker, took a stand In favor of
branch banks.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 13.— The
Bankers' Association of Kansas and Mis
souri and Oklahoma and Indian, Territory
met in joint convention here to-day, and
with many Eastern financiers of note lis
tened to addresses on various topics. Five
hundred delegates attended the sessions,
which will be continued to-morrow.
tions Have Important Sessions
in Kansas City.
Delegates of Several State Organiza-
BANKING THE THEME
OF THEIR DISCXTSSIO2T
Government's Action Stamps Out
Smallpox Among- Tribes Along
the Coast.
TACOMA. May 12.— Within thirteen
iconths 2009 natives along tlie coast of
Alaska have been vaccinated as a pre
ventive of smallpox by the surgeon of
the revenue cutttr Rush, and It is be
lieved that the 'prompt action and the
thoroughness with which the duty was
performed had the effect of keeping that
scourge out of Southeastern Alaska. With
the exception of a few cases on Hooniah
Island, th-e disease .has not made its ap
pearance, though the previous year It
raged with great severity among the
natives along the coast for a thousand
miles. The Rcsir will continue the vac
cination of the natives during the com
ing seatson, for -which purpose more th3ii
1000 vaccine points have been shipped to
her at Sitka. Licuteant WInram, her
executive officer, says:
"We did the work systematically and
ircculated the arms of all Indians we
could find last fall, except those on the
island of Hooniah, who at the time we
called happened to be away on their an
r.ual excursion to the berry patches.
Afterward smallpox made Its appearance
on this island, but we went there without
delay and soon had the disease stamped
out. Aside from this, there has not been
a case in all the lower part of the. Ter
ritory, which has led us- to believe that
there is some merit in vaccination as a
preventive."
TWO THOUSAND NATIVES
OF ALASKA VACCINATED
The agitation which has resulted in the
rejection of the bids, it will be remem
bered, was commenced by Manager Grif
fiths of the Stockton Pottery Company,
who presented an affidavit to the Council
in -which he made charges of bribery
against Inspector McDonald and alleged
that a combination of the rival pipe deal
ers had a clause inserted in the specifica
tions making it imperative that nil pine
be delivered in forty-five days. This re-
Quirement made It impossible for hl3
company to bid. The Council, not wish
ing- to decide the question because of
charges implied;,- made- against Us mem
bers, called in the aid of the advisory
commJttpe. The Council to-night tendered
a vote, of thanks to the committee for it«
essutance. The committee was as fol
lows: J. W. Henderson (chairman), Wil
liam Carson. J. K. Dollison, Josiah Bell
Alex Connick, J. S. Conr.'ck. James Simp-'
son, W. S. Clark and C. P. Soule.
On motion cf Councilman Coonan the
bids were rejected and the certified checks
ordered returned to the bidder*.
EUREKA, May 13.— The committee of
ten citizens appointed by the City Coun
cil as an advisory board to determine
whether the present bids for sewer pipe
end construction be accepted or whether
the bids be rejected and the work read
vertlsed handed in a sealed report at a
special meeting of the Council this even
ing. It advibed that the bids be rejected.
The report suggests that the city engi
neer have further time to complete his
plans and carry out the improvements he
has in mind, and that nothing be done
on the construction of the system th!s
summer.
the Supplying of Sewer
Pipe.
Eureka's Council Rejects All Bids for
CITIZENS' COMMITTEE
SOLVES THE PROBLEM
The conference report on the omnlbu3
claims bill was rejected on. the ground
that claims not considered by either
branch of Congress had been inserted in
the measure, by the conferees and the
measure was returned to conference.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The naval ap
propriation bill, which provides for two
new battleships, two armored cruisers and
two gunboats and* carries a total of $77,
630,000, was taken up in the House to-day.
Representative Foss of Illinois, chairman
of the Naval Committee, in opening the
debate sounded a note of warning against
the overconfident belief that our navy is
invincible. | He declared that our victories
at Manila and Santiago were due to the
fact that we were contending with an
effete and decaying nation, and that our
strength far outmatched Spain in those
contests. Rixey also spoke for the bill,
most of his time being given to an argu
ment for Government construction of war
ships.
tives of the Need of a Great
Navy.
Foss of Illinois Advises Representa-
CONGRESSMEN* SFEAX
FOR MORE WARSHIPS
Chaplain J. Darwin Gish. Hon. H. C.
Dibble, General N. P. Chipman, A. S.
Ormsby. Division Commander •¦ Frank
R. Iiandley and Past Division Comm&n'l
er A. G. Burnett spoke.
Past Division Commander Charles L.
Pierce presented, on behalf of the Sons
of Veterans, a silver cross to Frank C.
Shipley.
The closing- of the sixteenth annual en
campment of the Sons of Veterans was
marked by the installation of officers and
ptaff, which was followed by the annual
banquet. At the latter addresses were
made by the past commander. E. M.
Selby. who spoke of the late President
McKinley.
The Sons of Veterans spent a day of
pleasure yesterday, all the business of
the encampment having been finished. All
met in the morning at the Grand Hotel
and then proceeded to the United States
Mint au^ other places of interest in the
city. At 11:15 a. m. they met at the Clay-
Btreet wharf, "where the Government
launch General McDowell was in waiting
to escort them on a pleasure trip to Alca
traz and Angel Islands, Forts Uaker and
.Mason and., the • Presidio. This trip was
enjoyed by most of the excursionists, but
a few suitered from slight attacks of sea
sickness.
Closes With a Day of
Enjoyment.
Ihe Sixteenth Annual Encampment
SONS OF VETERANS
HOLD ANNUAL BANQUET
The Governor is urged to announce such
further steps conformable to law as in
his judgment may be necessary to estab
lish and maintain in this State "obedience
to the law of nations and respect for the
treaties of the United States."
BATON ROUGE, La., May 13.— A reso
lution passed the House to-day approv
ing the letter of Governor Herd to the
President of the United States protesting
against the use by British army officers
ot" the ports and Vaters of this State for
the basis, augmentation and renewal of
miltary supplies for the war in South
Africa.
the British Is Considered
Proper.
Louisiana Governor's Protest Against
HOUSE GIVES APPROVAL.
This makes a reduction in General De
larey's forces of 860 men since he defeat
ed Major Paris at Rovierainsfontein,
March 8th, and captured General
Methuen.
.General Ian Hamilton's columns have
arrived at the Western Railroad, after
sweeping the LItchtenburg district of
Southwestern Transvaal. These troops
brought in 357 prisoners and practically
all the wagons and stock *of the Boer
commandos in that district.
LONDON, May 13.— The weekly report
of Lord Kitchener received to-day 'shows
that nineteen Eoers were killed, six were
wounded, eighty-two were made prison
ers, nine surrendered and 600 rifles, 157
wagons, 400 horses and 4300 head of cattle
fell into the hands of the British.
The proposition of the stationary fire
men to go out with the miners if the lat
ter will Indorse the firemen's demands for
a shorter workday without a reduction in
•wages has helped to complicate the situ
ation. The raaical strike advocates insist
ihaf the miners' union should accept the
X>ropos!tion which would result in the sus
pension of work by the engineers, firemen
and pump runners, and thus cause the
operators a large financial loss through
the flooding of the mine workings. It is
held by them that the mine owners v.-ould
concede the men something rather than
see their property ruined.
The convention will meet at 10 a. m.
to-morrow, and will conduct its business
behind closed doors. President Mitchell
will preside. . ...
President Mitchell and his .fellow offi
cials still maintain their silence, and ev
ery attempt that has been made to get
their opinion of the situation has proved
futile. The indication's are, however, that
the delegates favoring a strike are In the
majority and will win their fight In the
convention. It Is believed that the pro
strike delegates in the middle and lower
regions art numerous enough to over
come the considerable anti-strike senti
ment in the upper region.
The apparently overwhelming sentiment
lor a strike which was in evidence yester
day is not quite so prominent now, and
predictions were freely made to-night that
whate\-er the delegates In the convention
to-morrow determine upon, the winning
side will have only a bare majority.
HAZLETON, Pa., May 13.— The* situa
tion regarding the continuation of the
present total suspension of work in the
anthracite coal fields of Pennsylvania is
a trifle clouded to-night.
He then threw on the table a can of
salmon and a can of condensed food tab
lets, which he said had been issued to
him as his meat just before leaving the
army, but which, he said, he refused to
eat because it was spoiled.
After Boardman had concluded his tes
timony, Senator Dietrich sent the two
samples of food which Boardman had left
In the committee room, and which he had
declared he would not eat under any cir
cumstances, tq the Senate restaurant, re
questing that they be prepared for the
table. The canned salmon he had made
into a salmon salad and prepared food
was used In the preparation of a soup.
Boardman was then invited to luncheon
with Senator Dietrich, Senator Bever
idge being the second guest. The salmon
salads and the soup made of the com
pound supplied to the army were the two
principal articles on the bill of fare and
both appeared In very tempting: form
when upon the table. Senators and sol
dier-sruest were all helped equally and
bountifully to both dishes, and all ate
heartily of them. The Senators were, of
course, familiar with the ingredients, but
Boardman did not know so much. The
Senators~3eclare the food was palatable
General Chaffee has made the following
cable report to the War Department of
the progress of the negotiations with the
• dattos in Mindanao. The report is dated
Mindanao, Ma^r 13:
I. have been here for the past three days
studying the situation with Brigadier General
George W. Davis. I think two battalions
should come If they can be suDplied. The
Oenassi trail is very difficult, but another
trail promises much better. I think the with
drawal from the lake would seriously Jeopar
dize the safety of the weaker dattos. I would
have given assistance, but believe that If we
romaln the. more doubtful dattos will come in
when It is apparent our mission is friendly
From present indications further hostilities
will not be necessary unless provoked by the
Moros. Bayan caused much astonishment. It
waa an extremely necessary and wholesome
lesson which I do not think will have to be
repeated. Some dattos are very suspicious and
on the defensive. The lake country la beauti
ful and more suitable for the occupation of
Americans than any part of the archipelago,
the elevation, soil and climate perfect, comparl
ing: favorably with any valley of the Alle
ghanies. ' ¦ •* . .
Responding to a question by Senator
Carmack, the witness said that hard and
continuous service in the Philippines and
the poor" food the men received made
them morose and In a vindictive temper.
"As for myself," said he, 'I will say I
have less use for the United States army
than I ever had before, because of the
way I was treated."
Senator Beveridge created a flurry by
asking the witness if he had talked with
any Senator since he was last on the
stand. Senators Patterson and Carraack
vigorously objected to what they termed
an uncalled-for reflection on the minority.
"When there is an imputation made by
me it will be made directly," answered
Senator Beveridge. The "witness declared
that he had talked with no members of
the committee and the matter was closed.
After the committee adjourned several
members decided to sample the canned
salmon submitted by the witness, with
the view to ascertaining whether It is
good or bad.
.Boardman said that before the order of
General Jacob H. Smith to kill and burn,
the soldiers of his company being In such
constant fear of massacre would suddenly
awake and in their fright exclaim "Get
'em, boys; get 'em." After General Smith
Issued his order, he said, the natives for
the first time understood that the Ameri
cans means • what they said, and the
troops felt safe. The difference, he said,
was because a certain order by General
Otis for the killing of outlaws never, was
executed and this made the natives bold
in their resistance.-
It needed an order such \ as General
Smith gave - to- make the natives realize
that the United States meant business.
He said the men. in the Philippines knew
that "war was hell" and the ooys "were
going to give the Filipinos hell" while it
lasted. He said the troops grew morose
and dissatisfied in the Philippines. They
were not given proper food and he exhib
ited two cans of food which he received,
which he said was unfit to eat. He said
the soldiers did not like Governor Taft,
but did like General Chaffee.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— George D.
Boardman, formerly of the Twentieth In
fantry, continued his testimony before the
Senate Philippine Committee to-day. He
said that the natives in Batangas, where
he was stationed, became very bold and
threatening after, the Balangiga massacre
and intimated that the troops would be
served likewise.
A detachment of the constabulary left
Sorsogon as soon as the survivors reached
there. "When they arrived at the scene
of the attack the only remaining evi
dences of the struggle were small pieces
of human flesh and bones, bearing a mute
record of the awful fate of their former
companions in arms. /
When the attack was first made the
canstabulary Doured a hot fire into the
band. Several were seen to fall and they
were held in check for several minutes,
but the five men soon realized that they
had only one chance to save their lives
with such overwhelming numbers against
them— that of flight. Only two were
equal to the emergency and they escaped
after casting away their arms and am
munition.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 13.— Mail advices
arriving from Manila to-day give details
of a horriDle outrage. A band of tifty
outlaws, armed with rifles and bolos, at
tacked five members of the Philippine con
stabulary on the main road between Bu
lucan and Barcelona, in the province of
Sorsogon, on the evening- of April 4. They
captured three of the constabulary, tied
them hand and foot, gouged out their
eyes with sharp hardwood sticka and
then, placing them in the burning sand
with the sun beating down upon them.
commenced at their feet and cut them
into small pieces with boloa. The other
two members of th» constabulary escaped
to Soraogon, where, nearly dead 'after
their awful race of ten miles, they tried
to convey some idea of \he fate of their
comrades.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
legal grounds, but in view of all the cir
cumstances is nothing less than cruel."
PARAPHRASES :i JUNIUS^ \
-.Here is one, of the smoking tid-bits that
is handed out gratuitously to the Circuit
Court of Appeals:
The degree of punishment is so disproportion
ate to the gravity of the offense claimed to have
been committed that the ordinary mind Is nat
urally and irresistibly led to the conclusion that
it could only have resulted from prejudice and
bias so. fixed as to wholly unfit the members of
the court from sitting as impartial Judges In
the cstea. -¦
The decision of the court that it did not
mean to imply that the defendants in the
mining claim suits, if balked by Receiver
McKenzie, had a right to take forcible
possession of the gold dust In the re
ceiver's hands, after the arrival of the
writs of supersedeas appears "Indescrib
ably ridiculous" to the writer of the ap
plication for pardon. Paraphrasing a well
known quotation from Junius, he declares
this to be "an absurdity so profound it
v.-ould startle the brain of a tyro of the
law." ; • - .
Words utterly fail Attorney Heaney
when he tries to describe the conduct o"f
Attorney Metson and his associates. He
regrets the limitations of the English lan
guage and pi-ays for a vocabulary that
will confer the boon of depicting Mr. Met
son's characteristics. * " -¦
These and a hundred other vlrulencies
scintillate through the pages of the appli
cation. It winds up rather mildly, how
ever, with a plea for the freedom of -a
"young fellow advocate, who has been
cruelly wronged."
NEWS OF THE FRATERNITIES.
i '/- Frost also says that Vawter testified at
I the contempt proceedings that he in
j formed Vawter that the 'f writs of super-.
! sedcas from the Circuit ' Court in San
Francisco will be declared void by the Su
preme Court." . -. < :;.
Frost admits writing the letter,- but de
nies the statements attributed to him. He
declares the letter to have been solely
within the line of his duty as a special,
examiner of the Department of Justice at
Washinzton.
The application goes on to say that
Frost has no adequate remedy at law in
these contempt, proceedings, because the
decision of the Circuit Court of Appeals
"contains unequivocal misstatements of
the, evidence and ambiguous statements
of. the testimony; that the court acted
capriciously, arbitrarily and oppressively
in convicting and sentencing-, and that
Frost is absolutely innocent of anv
wrongdoing."
Marshal Vawter is declared to have
been "actuated by a malicious and vin
dictive spirit of revenge that makes him
unworthy of belief."
The tirade against E. S.' Pillsbury,
amicus curiae, is particularly bitter ,and
his acts are, characterized as "not only
lawless, but/ infamous." The verdict is
declared to be "not only indefensible unnn
WO PLANS FOB FUTURE. .
"I have no plans for the future. My"
home will be where I will hang my hac
lor awhile. I don't know whetner 1 will
go bac£ to my home State— New York
er stay in California. I am no longer
connected with the law department of ihe
Government, and 1 shall have to takS.
time to consider the future."
The application for Frost's pardon con
tains a raking arraignment of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals and the
men opposed to him, who were responsi
ble for his conviction. The ' document is
a review of the'hlstory of. Nome scandals
that takes fifty pages of printing to ex-'
ploit. It was tiled at Washington with the
department of Justice Jay Francis J.
Heaney of San Francisco, who acted as
Frost's attorney.
In the opening statement of the docu
ment the assertion is made that the
/"ground upon -which the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals bases its con
viction for contempt is that he wrote -and
delivered to C. L. Vawter, United States 's
Marshal at Nome, on September 15, 11XM),
advising him to incur extraordinary ex
pense tor suppressing any unlawful actSf,
that might transpire."
This letter, Frost says, was, written at
Vawter's request in order that the Mar
shal should know how to proceed in'caao
an attempt was made to forcibly take the
gold dust from the bank at Nome, the
dust being: then in charge of Alexander
McKenzie as receiver.
! ATTACKS AMICUS CUBIAE.
S. FROST, who was
fl serving a sentence of one year in
Wthe county jail of Alameda, Im
posed bv the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals for con
tempt growing out of the mine-jumping
scandals at Nome in 1900, was released
from imprisonment yesterday by order of
the President.
News of his good fortune came to Frost
in the form of the following telegram
from Washington .to Sheriff Rogers; of
Alameda County, signed by" Attorney Gen^
eral Knox:
The President has pardoned Claude A. S.
Frost, i'ou may release him immediately.
Formal warrant of pardon, signed by Presi
dent, by mail to you. Answer.
The pardon was not unexpected and
Frost was not a whit surprised, though
expressing his pleasure that he should be
released after suffering such a short im
prisonment. He entered the prison on
March 7 and had, considering the credits
that would have followed good behavior,
eight months more to serve. He began
packing his things immediately, with the
help of a fellow-prisoner, and two hours
after the receipt of the telegram he was
free.
"I don't want to stay behind those bars
any longer than I can help," said Frost,
while he was busily placing his clothes
and other belongings into trunks and
packing cases. "1 want to breathe the tree
air again. Two months is long enough,
tout a year. is a good deal' longer, and I
am giad the pardon came along as it did.
1 feit confident all along that it would,
cczne. 1 had powerful .. iriends working
lor me, including Senators Depew, Elkins
and Platt. and I never, believed for a
minute that their influence could fail me.
1 say that because my application waa.
based on eood grounds. .
Delarey's Command Reduced
by Nearly One Thousand
- Men.
Convention Will Ee Held To-
Day to" Decide the
Issue.
Death Relieves Thi&e Cap
tives Beset by Fiendish
Islanders.
General Chaffee Cables About
Conditions in'Minda
nao.
Kitchener's Report Tells
of South African \
Captures.
Desire for Strike in Penn
sylvania Loses.
Strength.
Former Soldier Tells of
Philippine Opera
¦ '. . ''¦¦•. tions.
Filipinos Then Complete
Awful Programme of
Torture.
MINERS HOPE
FOR HARMONY
BOER FORCES
ARE WEAKENED
TROOPS RECALL
FAMOUS WORDS
ROB PRISONERS
OF THEIR SIGHT
THE SAX FEANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, \ MAY -14, 1902.
Man Who Was Committed- to Alameda County Jail to Serve a Sentence
m of One Year for His Connection With the Nome Mining Cases Is
Released on an Order From^Attorney General Knox at Washington
PRESIDENT PARDONS CLAUDE FROST,
SERVING SENTENCE FOR CONTEMPT
4
BOAN'S KIDNEY PIULS.
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases 'has arrived and tliey
are now -ready, for -distribu-
tion. ' All subscribers to Th© >
Call are entitled to a copy of ,-
this great book at the ' prem-
ium rate of $1 • 50. v Out of •
town subscribers' desiring a'
copy of this splendid prem-
ium vrill be supplied on re- '
ceipt of $1 50. All mnll
orders Trill be snipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense. /
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
'INSIDE THE GROCERY.
Seme Facts Made Kno\rn.
It Is often thought that grocers really
have very little care regarding the food
value of the articles they sell, but the
real facts are that grocery keepers of the
right sort are extremely particular as to
what they recommend.
One of the fraternity relates a tale:
•The highest priced coffee on the market
I introduced to my customers and used
myself. I began to have bilious attacks
and after a little observation attributed
them directly to coffee. Every time I
left off drinking it I got better, but I felt
the need of a warm drink for breakfast.
"Along In" '96 a wholesale grocer ! urged
me to put in some Postum Food Coffee
in my store, which I did with considerable
misgiving, for at that time the now fam-
ous Postum was not bo well known.
"He urged me to try it myself, which I
did and was disgusted with the flat,
tasteless beverage, so was my wife. I re-
rntmbered the wholesale grocer said
something about following directiona
carefully, so I took «the package anl
studied it. I at once discovered that we
had not boiled It long enough, only three
or four minutes, but it must be boiled fif-
teen minutes at least, so we tried it
again, with the.result that we got a per-
fect cup of coffee, a delightful and health-
tul beverage. I have continued the use of
Posturn in my home ever eince. We use
it for breakfast, dinner and supper.
"My bilious attacks quickly left and I
am free from them altogether. I began
to explain to my customers something of
the value of . Postum Coffee and now
have a very large trade on It." Name
«iven by Postum. Co.,~BattIe Creek, Mich.
POSTUM CEBEAI*
|» The woes of womankind are many; few are they ~§
|| who do not .suffer from many aches and pains. &g
¦|| A woman's kidneys are greatly overtaxed; house- II
§1 -j^SiiaV h°ld duties and other-^ cares g«
|j§ I^^^^L C0I^stantIy put a strain on
-§ -flLy • When the kidneys are over- Si
IS jLiK*^ worked they rebel; they cry §^
II >^^^^^^ out t^ rou § n e fr ac k, and jjsg
§« iHHf il cure every form of Kidney
«« T&im <1 *^ s * cure a bad back, whether g^
< 'I iii\ n I arne * wea k or aching, cure j?§
|g J|l j Diabe t es » Urinary troubles ||
|| ' SANFRAN CISCQ PROOF: i|
o| i^^^^^^^^S £<d?k H° re a^°"~ e street°. f sa^s": js|
88 * S X €fOre that stacks occurred and £ %
«« E^^m^mSSaBBA-' T« « y Were at their hei Sht headache, OA
m E 1^ ann^ ance3 ceased. The remedy gg
SQ ¦y^r^^^^^^^^T', : T are at 1Jb erty to send anyone to me *>;
&jg - .t —s*ir- tor a corroboratlon of the above." £&
II All Druggists— Price 50 cents— Foster-MHburn Ge.," BufMo, N.Y. §1Continued From Page Two.
CAUSES CONGRESS TO INCREASE AID
Ligue Henri IV, the prominent French
society, met last night and voted to send
$100 to the relief of the Martinique suf
ferers. Another meeting will be held
shortly to^raise funds for the same pur
pose.
TO AID THE SUFFERERS.
gees landed at Fort de France -by the
French cable steamer Pouyer Quartier
were all from the village of Le Precheur,
near St. Pierre, and that the only inhab
itants of St. Pierre who were saved -were
those who left that town before 8 o'clock
ln the morning of the disaster, Thursday
last.
ST. KITTS, B. W. I., May 13.— All the
survivors of the St. Pierre disaster
continue to.be greatly broken by the
terrible experience through .: which
they jjassed, and an awful fear still af
fects them. First Officer Scott, Assistant
FEAR STILL
HAS A HOLD )
ON SURVIVORS
Refugees From Le Precheur.
PARIS, May 13.— An official dispatch re
ceived by the t Minister for the Colonies,
M. Decrals, to-day says that' the' 450. refu-
NEW YORK. May 13.— The work of
loading the United States steamship Dixie
with stores for the Martinique sufferers
is proceeding as rapidly as possible. Most
of f the ¦ $20,000 allotted to the quartermas
ter's "department was spent- for women's
and children's clothing. <¦ Tents .were also
supplied in good ¦ numbers. - There ,wlll be
over 400 tons, consisting of, tea, rice, cof
fee, codfish; hard ; bread, chicken soup,
evaporated milk, bacon, ham, vinegar and
pepper. /. About $5000 worth of medicines
LOADING 'THE DIXIE.
Dr. Richard Klopsch. proprietor of the
Christian Herald, New York, telegraphed
the War Department to-day offering to
furnish fifty nurses, thirty male and
twenty female, and one thousand barrels
of flour for the stricken . islands, to be
contributed 'by the Christian Herald.
Captain Sutherland, chief of the Hydro
graphic Office, has been deeply Interested
in the vast physical changes reported to
have taken place in the Antilles as the
result of the earthquakes and volcanic
outbreaks, "and he is planning to un
dertake immediately, with the approval
of Admiral Bradford, a series of hydro
graphic surveys, t If the current reports
a3 to the tremendous . subsidence of the
sea bottom near the Antilles are correct,
then there *have undoubtedly been cor
responding ' upheavals of the bottom In
other sections which have created great
menaces to navigation through the fact
that they are not charted. .
OFFERS FIFTY NTJTRSE3.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Having: been
notified that further hope for the escape
of her husband from death at St. Pierre
was useless, Mrs. Muggah, wife of the
captain of the steamer Roraima, Is pros
trated: at her home in Brooklyn.- Physi
cians are in attendance, but there is said
to be slight chance for her recovery.
Fatal Grief of Captain's Wife.
Prominent Man Declared Insane.
(9 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 13
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday
Leibold Harness Co.. 2U Larkln street,
opposite City Hall. .. •
Big Harness Sale.
Deadlock on the Treaty.
COPENHAGEN. May 13.-The lndlca
?*ll a^ tha £ the Conference Committee
«^HnJ > ?£ lsh r, Pa . rl ,i ainent ' which is^con
slderlng the Danish West Indies treaty
is now hopelessly deadlocked, the oppo-
T,5 A J"f' May "— W " IC Vanderbllt's
Bright finished second in tho race for the
Prix Border Minstrel at the Malson La
fltte races to-day. The same owner's Cleo-
KE a *l vi2?i un ? lac A ed ln th * race for the
n ?», e Y lsil * nce ' An »erlcan Jockeys rode
ai; the winners to-day. . Milton Henry and
J. Relff won three races each.
Americans Bide All the Winners.
Marius stands high in the esteem of the
French Government. His jurisdiction In
Tahiti extends to all cases in which na
tives are Involved, and his administration
of his high office has won golden opinions
in France.
Marius will not learn of his bereave
ment for more than a month yet. There
is' no steamship from here to Tahiti until
June 9. Before that time some definite
news of the fate of his family may have
transpired, and his friends here are now
casting about for some way to soften the
blow for the father and husband. ¦
Marius returned to Tahiti on the steam
ship Australia last April. Before he left
St. Pierre Madame Marius presented him
with twins. The mother had recoyered
her health, and when Marius left her and
the five children she was looking forward
with pleasure to enjoying a long stay In
the land of her childhood.
Three children were born to the couple
at Tahiti. Madame Marius' health began
to fail last year, and in October. Marius
secured a leave of absence from the
French Government and accompanied his
wife and children to Martinique. . They
arrived here last October and 1 spent sev
eral weeks in this city. They went to
the West Indies by way of Paris In the
hope that the variety of scene and change
of climate would benefit the health of the
sick woman.
Marius is a native of Martinique. It
was in St. Pierre that he met and mar
ried his wife. She was born In St. Pierre,
and left there a bride to accompany her
husband to his post of duty in the South
Seas. • • ¦*¦ " • •
In all probability, lost his wife and
five children, his entire family. Marlus
made friends in San Francisco during his
recent visits here, and the news of the
terrible affliction that has befallen him
will be read with concern In many quar
ters.
y^Y the disaster at St. Pierre Clavlus
g~G Marlus, the presiding Judge of the
•*-* Superior Court at Tahiti, has, In
A French trade Journal, with justifiable pride
points out champagne as one of the few arti
cles Americans have to import, and refers to
tho largely increased shipments of Most &
Chandon to" the United States *»<»**
American Competition.
Cross met at the State Department to
day. There were present General John M.
Wilson, vice president: W. H. Michael,
Mrs. John A. Logan, Miss Mabel Board
man, B. H. Warner, Miss Clara Sarah
Spencer and Secretary Briggs.
Miss Clara Barton, the president, is now
en route for St. Petersburg, a delegate
to the Red Cross convention there.
After conferences with Secretary Hay
and Secretary Root a delegation went up
to the White House and conferred with
President Roosevelt, with the result that
the following appeal to the public was
Issued to-night by Vice President Wilson:
"The National American Red Cross ap
peals to the people of the United- States
to send money and supplies In aid of the
sufferers at Martinique and St. Vincent.
The unparalleled calamity needs no words
of eloquence to arouse the active aid and
sympathy of our people.- We -therefore
ask you to act promptly and generously.
Money and supplies can be sent to Cor
nelius Bliss of New York City, or money
may be sent direct to W. J. Flather, t-3
treasurer of the American National Red
Cross Association, at Rlggs Bank, Wash
ington. • '
"All contributions, whether in money or
supplies,- intended .for the Red Cross
should be so marked^ m wiLgoNj
"First Vice President American National
Red Cross." ¦;:,¦;.;";
JUDGE MARIUS
LOSES WIFE AND
FIVE CHILDREN
lief of the sufferers by the Mar
tinique disaster, President Roosevcit's
message recommending a vote of a half
million dollars for that purpose, the
action of the United States Government
in dispatching war vessels and food sup
plies to Martinique, etc., were drawn at
tention to in the House of Commons to
day by John Dillon, Irish Nationalist, who
asked the Government leader. A- J. Bal
four, whether. In view: of the action of
the United States and the fact that a
British colony suffered so greatly, Great
Britain Intended to adopt similar relief
measures. He was sure a vote In this
connection would bo carried unanimously.
Balf our's reply was not calculated to
satisfy public opinion. He said the mat
ter had been under the consideration of
the Cabinet, but he had no statement to
make. Balf our had never heard of a vote
of such a character -being suggested, in
the Parliament, i Of course, everybody
felt the extraordinary gravity of the sit
uation and the tremendous suffering
caused by the appalling calamity. Every
assistance that could be extended. locally
by ¦ the Government . would be given. — '
': Dillon gave notice that he would recur
to . the subject to-morrow. His sugges
tions were warmly approved by the
House. .
f ONDON, May 13. — The munificent
a appropriation yesterday of ¦ the
.-*— V United States Congress for tho re-
The President was cheered along hla
route to the railroad station and the
gathering there to bid him farewell was
composed mostly of officials.
PARIS, May 13.— President Loubet, who
Is on his way to yl3lt the Czar of Russia,
left here this evening. He will arrive at
Brest to-morrow morning and the French
cruiser Montcalm, which is to take the
President to Russln, will leave that port
to-morjow afternoon. "Waldeck-Rousseau
the Premier, De Lanessan, Minister of
Marine, and Delcasse, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, will accompany President Loubet
to Brest. Delcasse only will go with him
to Russia.
the Palacs of the
Czar.
PRESIDENT OF FRANCE
JOURNEYS TO RUSSIA
Loubet leaves Paris on His "Way t»
sition refusing the utmost concessions
which it Is possible for the Ministry
to offer. The dlsagreem-snt continued
throughout the meeting of the committee
to-day and the matter will necessarily go
over until September. This will necessi
tate an extension of the ratification time
limit, which expires July 21. Much indig
nation has been aroused by the obstruct*
ive methods of the Landsthins.
DILLON DRAWS
ATTENTION TO
AMERICA'S AID
Purser Thomas and Cooper Taylor are
still in a pitiable condition.
Scott, who lost a son who was about to
enter college, cannot take his mind from
the scenes of last Thursday. He was the
last to leave the dead-strewn deck of the
Roraima, which was then burning itself
out. All three men speak In the . highest
terms, of Captain Pierre Lebras of the
French cruiser Suchet, whose kindness to
the survivors endeared him to them.
in E!«£S 1 n ' *°5 ether *rfth that taken
Jl % .2 to the Purchase of supplies
?hS.W*£ steamship Madiana on the ar
™ l hat T Shlp at Fort de France to
morrow. Mr. Jessup said he thought would
S~« r m War ? A rovldln * for the Immediate
necessities of the people who survived the
eruption. . • .
?wF he «. French Chamber of Commerce of
this city has raised $3000. which will be
sent direct to Martinique.
President Morris K. Jessup of the Cham
ber of Commerce, has made arrangements
;2 S & p v by , the stean ™hip Fontabelle of
the Quebec line, which is to sail on Sat
urday supplies best adapted to the im
mediate needs t)f the survivors at Mar
n ,? Ue r V 16 , quantlt y to amount to the
equHalent of space of 1000 barrels. This
precaution was taken. Mr. Jessup said, so
the sailing of the Dixie, or in case of any
accident to that vessel, the inhabitants of
Martinique would be cared for as speedily
from the medical department also will be
taken.
About 2000 corpses have been found in
the streets of St. Pierre, most of them ly
ing face downward. The central quarter
of the town and the fort are buried sev
eral yards under cinders. In the neigh
borhood of the creek several houses are
found intact, bet the inhabitants were all
dead and appeared to have been killed by
lightning. Here the bodies were lying, sit
ting and reclining in curiously life like at
titudes. All possible sanitary precautions
have been taken at St. Pierre, concludes
the dispatch, but the stench there is aw
ful.
The scenes within the dead city are
strange and grewsome, says the dispatch.
In the section of the city known as the
"mouillage" no sign of fire is visible, but
everything seems to have been rent and
scattered as though by a tornado. The
Iron bedsteads In the hospital are twisted,
but bear no mark of heat. Bed clothes
and all textiles in the hospital simply
vanished.
ique, says that access to the town of
St. Pierre is becoming easier, but that to
day the activity of the volcano seems to
be increasing.
w ONDON, May 13.— A dispatch to the
m Tteuter Telegram Company from
-*— 4 Fort de France, island of Martin
I
VICTIMS LIE
WITH FACES
TO THE EARTH
"The same region of weakness includes
almost the whole of Central America, the
volcanoes of Costa Rica and Nicaragua
having been repeatedly active almost up
to. our own- time." .. ':•
"This American region of weakness ex
tends westward from the Lesser Antilles
across the gulf into Mexico, where are
some of the loftiest volcanoes, of the
globe, such as Popocatepetl and Orizaba,
both now in somnolent condition, and in
the more westerly volcano of Colima,
which has been in almost continuous
eruption for ten years.
"The sudden disturbance -in the present
instance would seem to be due to the al
most Instantaneous generation of steam.
But Pelee, as well as the volcanoes of St.
Vincent and neighboring Caribbean Isl
ands, is situated in a region of extreme
weakness of the earth's crust, which has
its parallel In the Mediterranean basin on
the opposite side of the Atlantic.
This statement was made by Professor
Angelo Heilprin of this -city. He is one
of the highest authorities on geology and
volcanic phenomena in the I country. He
was recently elected president of the Geo
graphical Society of Philadelphia and is
a member of the Academy of Natural Sci
ences and of the board of directors of the
American Geographical Society. Continu
ing, Heilprin said:
"With the emphasis which is now given
by the present eruption to similar catas
trophic events that have preceded it in the.
last half century it would hardly be less
than folly to embark upon an enterprise
of such vast magnitude and importance
as is contemplated In this canal along the
route which has been first recommended
by the Isthmian Canal Commission, when
there is a choice of routes left to us In
another region which has thus far shown
itself to be entirely free from destructive
manifestations of this nature. -
PHILADELPHIA,. May 13.— "Apart
from its appalling characteristics
the v eruption of Mont Pelee, on
Martinique, and the .volcanic dis
turbances on the ad jacent* island of . St.
Vincent have a most importanf'bearlng
upon the problem of ' translsthmian canal
construction. It emphasizes to geologists
very plainly the danger to which a canal
will be subjected which is planned on the
Nlcaraguan route, with active and: semi
active volcanoes located directly on the
line and immediately about It. On the
other hand the route of the Panama canal
Is not menaced by either active or semi
extinct volcanoes."
SEES DANGER
IN NICARAGUAN
CANAL ROUTE
SHIPS CARRY
REFUGEES BY
THE THOUSAND
ST. THOMAS. D. W. I., May 13.—
The Danish cruiser Valkyrien has
taken on board 500 refugees from
the north and northeast coasts of
the island of Martinique. The French
cruiser Suchet has rescued 2000 persons
from Martinique, and the French cable
repair steamer Pouver Quartier has
saved numbers of the sufferers from the
volcanic outbreak there. All the rescued
persons have been taken to Fort de
France.
Only one man escaped from the jail at
• St. Pierre when that town was over
whelmed by the flow of lava from Mont
Pelee.
The stench from the unburied corpses
at St. Pierre is still almost intolerable,
according to advices received here, and
the desolation is indescribable.
It is reported at St. Thomas that the
French bank at St. Pierre transferred its
k funds and books to the Suchet before
the catastrophe.
APPEAL MADE
BY PRESIDENT
FOR AFFLICTED
¦j- -w- rASHINGTON, May 13.— The fol
• 1/1/ lowing was Issued from the White
» ' House this afternoon:
"The President has appointed a
committee to receive funds for the relief
of the sufferers from, the recent catastro
phies in Martinique and St.- Vincent. The
gentlemen apnointed from each city will
be asked to collect and receive the funds
from their localities and neighborhoods as
expeditiously as possible and forward
them to Hon. Cornelius N. Bliss, treas
urer of the New York committee, which
committee will act as the central distrib
uting point for the country- The President
directs all the Postmasters throughout the
country and requests the presidents of all
the national banks ttt act as agents for
the collection of contributions and to for
ward the same at once to Mr. Bliss at
New York.
"The Postmasters are also directed to
report to the Postmaster General within
ten days any funds collected on this ac
count.
"The President appeals to the public to
contribute generously for the relief of
those upon whom this appalling calamity
has fallen, and asks that the contribu
tions be sent 'in as speedily as possible.
The gentlemen designated on the several
committees are requird to act at once.
The following are the committees:
"New York— Hon. Cornelius N. Bliss,
treasurer; Morris K. Jessup, John Claf
lin, Jacob H. Schiff, William R. Corwlne.
"Boston— Augustus Hemenway, Dr.
Henry S. Pritchett, Henry Lee Higgln
son.
"Philadelphia— Charles Emory Smith,
Provost Charles C. Harrison, Joseph G.
Darlington, Clement A. Griscom, John H.
Converse.
"Baltimore— James A. Gary.
"Washington— Charles C. Glover.
"Pittsburg— A. J. Logan, H. C. Frick.
"Buffalo— John G. Milburn, Carlton
Sprague.
"Cleveland — Myron T. Herrick, Samuel
Mather.
"Cincinnati— Jacob M. Schmidlapp,
Brings S. Cunningham.
"Chicago— J. J. Mitchell, Marvin Hugh-
Itt. Marshall Field, Graeme Stewart.
"Milwaukee— F. G. Bigclow, Charles F.
Pfister, Fred Pabst.
"Minneapolis— Thomas Lowry, J. J.
Shevlin.
"St. Paul— Kenneth Clark, Theodore
Schurmeier.
"Detroit— Don M. Dickinson.
"St. Louis— Charles Parsons, Adolphus
Busch, S. Bookings.
"Louisville — Thomas Bullltt.
"Atlanta — Robert J. Lowrey.
"Kansas City— W. B. Clark, Charles
Campbell.
"Omaha— John C. "Wharton, Victor B.
CaldwelL
"Denver— David H. Moffatt.
"San Francisco— Mayor Schmitz, George
A. Newhall, A. Sbarboro, Robert J. To
bln. Henry T. Scott. A. A. Watklns.
"New Orleans — Paul Capdevielle, L
Lyons. S. T. Walmsley."
Andrea Sbarboro. president of the Ital
ian-American Bank, received the follow
ing dispatch -last evening notifying him
of his appointment by President Roose
velt on the committee named to raise
funds for the aid of the sufferers at Mar
tinique-and St. Vincent:
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 13, 1902.
A. Ebarboro. San Francisco. CaL
The President has appointed you a. member
survivors subsides. It is remembered
that while Mont Pelee -was threaten
ing and giving warning of the dis
aster it was about to work, the Gov
ernor refused to permit any general
exodus from St. Pierre, following the
advice of a meeting of scientists,
who on Hay 7 declared there was no
danger from Mont Pelee.
FAMIETE CONTINUES.
Some food has been brought here from
neighboring islands, but famine still con
tinues to threaten the refugees. All are
on half rations and when it is remem
bered that pestilence is an Immediate
menace it can be understood' why there
shouid be plenty of food to give those who
may be attacked strength to fight the
disease.
Vandalism has already begun at St.
Pierre, and although soldiers are trying
to guard the dead looting is going on in
a shameful manner.
Announcement will soon be made pro
viding severe penalties for all v.ho are
caught stealing on the island.
The Potomac, a United States Govern
ment tug sent from San Juan, Porto Rico,
which arrived here to-day, brought in five
siegroes and one white man who had been
picked up in a small boat off St. Pierre.
All of these men were loaded down wiih
jewelry, which had been taken from the
bodies in St. Pierre. The prisoners were
turned over to the French authorities for
punishment. The Potomac brought a ton
of supplies to Martinique, consisting in
part of codfish and flour. While off St.
Pierre the Potomac encountered a column
of thick smoke, through which she could
not pass. The tug was compelled to go
five miles out of her course to escape the
ashes that were falling in clouds.
BEADY TO RETREAT.
In the harbor of St. Pierre a steamship
Is in constant readiness to take away
the workers if Mont Pelee becomes more
threatening. A watch is constantly main
tained, ready to give warning, and if the
lava turns in the direction of St. Pierre
the place will be immediately deserted.
Aside from those working in the ruins
there is not a human being in the north
ern part of the island. All who have not
been killed have fled to Fort de France.
As a result of the measures taken by
the authorities, access to St. Pierre Is
now easier. The ruins of the town have
ceased smoking. Two thousand corpses
have been found in a carbonized condi
tion.
Talk with survivors of the disaster con
firms the statements as to the awful sud
denness of the catastrophe. It is thought
that a large quantity of gas -was released,
producing great atmospheric pressure,
which overwhelmed everything before it.
The gases absorbed by the bodies of the
victims caused them to burst, and the
lire coming afterward carbonized them.
This was followed by a rain of stones,
which enveloped the town, but there was
not, as has been said, any flow of incan
descent lava.
TORNADOES OF FERE.
A gardener at the village of Morne
Rouge, seven kilometres distant from St.
Pierre, saw at the moment of the disaster
seven luminous points on Mont Pelee. He
says he had the impression of being vio
lently drawn toward the \olcano by a
powerful current of air. Then the moun
tain opened, according to the descrip
tion of the gardener, and flung tornadees
of fire at St. Pierre.
Many strange and incomprehensible in
cidents are recounted of St. Pierre. The
charred remains of a woman with a silk
handkerchief, unburned and in perfect
condition, held to her lips, have been
found there. Tne crisped bodies of young
BJMf have been found, but the shoes they
wore were unhurt.
In addition to the specie already se
cured, jewels to the value of 1,000,000
francs were rescued from the bank of St.
Pierre yesterday. The Italian Consul at
Barbadoes has recovered the body of his
daughter, who was visiting in St. Pierre
at the time of the disaster. "Margaret
Stokes, the nine-year-old daughter of the
late Clement Stokes of New Tork, who
with her mother, a brother aged four and
a sister aged three was on the ill-fated
British steamer Roraima, is in the hospi
tal here. The child is not expected to
live. Her nurse, Clara King, tells the fol
lowing story of her experience:
SEES CLOUD COINING.
She says she was in her stateroom when
the steward called out to her, "Look at
Mont Pelee." She went on deck and saw a
vast mass of black cloud coming down
from the volcano. The steward ordered
her to return to the saloon, saying, "It is
coming." Miss King then rushed to the
scJoon. She says she experienced a feel
ing of suffocation, which was followed by
intense heat. The after part of the
Koraima broke out in flames. Benson, the
carpenter of the Roraima, who is now in
the hospital here severely burned, assisted
Miss King and Margaret Stokes to escar*.
With the help of Mr. Scott, the first mate
of the Roraima, he constructed a raft
v.ith life preservers. Upon this Miss King
Bttd Margaret were placed.
While this was being done Margaret's
little brother died. Mate Scott brought
the child water at great personal danger,
but it was unavailing. Shortly after the
death of the little boy Mrs. Stokes suc
cumbed. Margaret ajid Miss King even
tually got away on the raft and were
picked up by the steamer Korona. Mate
Scott also escaped. Miss King did not
sustain serious' injury. She covered 1,he
face of Margaret with her dress, but still
the child was probably fatally burned.
The only woman known to have survived
the disaster at St_ Pierre -was a negress
riam^d Flllotte. She was found in a cel
lar Saturday afternoon, where she had
been for three days. She was still alive,
but fearfully burned from head to toes.
She died in the hospital here.
STSAUGE EXPERIENCE
A ¦woman named Laurent, ¦who was em
ployed as a servant at St. Pierre In the
household of M. Gabriel, and who was
among those taken to the hospital in this
city, in describing her experiences said
that on the day of the terrible disaster
she heard a loud report and thereupon
fainted. "When she regained her senses
a few hours later she was horribly
burned, and glancing around saw two
members of the Gabriel family still alive,
but they died before assistance could
Continued From Page One.
DESCRIBES HORRORS AT ST, PIERRE
The catastrophe at Martinique and St. Vin
cent is appalling in the extreme. Thousands
of people have met a terrible death and other
thousands are suffering for the want of food.
By request of his Excellency, the President of
the United States. I appeal to you for prompt
alrt to alleviate the sufferings of the unfor
tunate people who have becen made homeless.
Subscriptions will be received at the office
of the Italian- American Bank and promptly
remitted to the Hon. Cornelius Bliss, treasurer
of the New York committee which will act ns
a central distributing point for the country.
Please act promptly.
b±r. Sbarboro at once wired his accept
ance to President Roosevelt and issued
the following, appeal to the people of San
Francisco :
of a committee to receive and distribute funds
for the relief of the 6ufterers from the recent
catastrophe in Martinique and St Vincent.
The -appeal made to the public to-day will
give you information on certain matters of de
tail. Your prompt acceptance will be most
gratifying to the President.
GEORGE D. CORTEL-YOU,
Secretary.
The Pouyer Quertier has distributed to
the sufferers large quantities of bis
cuits, milk, wine and cheese. . ,
The path of the volcano lava . which
swept over St. Pierre is marked out In a
strange manner. The vicinity of the
shore, where vessels anchored, was sv.ept
by a whirlwind of volcanic gas, which
ripped, tore and shattered everything in
its path, but left tew traces of cinders
behind. On the other hand, the fort, the
center and adjoining parts of St. Pierre,
are buried under a thick layer of cin
ders, which consumed everything be
neath it
reach them. Mme. Laurent, although she
lived for some time after being taken to
the hospital and was conscious while un
der the care of the physicians, died with
out being able to impart any additional
information concerning the catastrophe.
The work of succoring the refugees
continues incessantly.
When the- cable- repair ship Pouyer
Quertier, Captain Thirion, started on her
mission of mercy she had to pass through
clouds of burning cinders at the risk of
catching fire in order to reach the ter
ror-stricken people ashore. But, as al
ready announced, she succeeded in bring
ing to this port 456 people, mainly former
residents of the village of Le Precheur.
This was on Saturday last. Since then
the steamer, as the result of other aar
lng trips, has succeeded in bringing
away many other persons to Fort de
France. On Sunday she rescued 923 per
sons and piloted the French cruiser Su
chet and the Danish cruiser Valkyrien,
who took on board 1500 persons.
PEOPLE RESPOND PROMPTLY
AND RELIEF IS BEING RUSHED
TO THE AFFLICTED ISLANDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14 , 1902.
jtju i ±j% jnoni.. juay 13.— A special to tho
Miner from Helena says that J. A. Dlffen
baugh, prominent In Masonic and Elk cir
cles, was adjudged Insane to-day. He was
past exalted ruler of the Elks of Balti
more Md. Recently Dlffenbaugh, while
In a fit of Insanity, attempted to commit
suicide by cutting his throat and wrists
with a razor. Prompt work of physicians,
however, saved his life.
5
| Positively Last Week oi Lester Wonderful Electrical Show, Twenty-Four Hours in the Alps— Admission Frc c |
** iZ~~ " ¦ m - ~~ — •,• _ - — " : — : . A ¦ " . ~~~ ; ; : ; : — '¦ — > . "x
g Dress fxQOwS Sale X cA *y .«<m- ' /yr - Rbbon Sensation. %
h The most surprising Dress Gooes Bargain we & M Q^*Ly 8 £&4<tJ M isfrw&H IL^ bons now » much in demand for neck ribbon; V
$ hare had so far this year; a 38-inch basket CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- / „[.» 1 -^"^ on »le Wednesday at about one-third leu than *
£ weave fabric, called Natte, every thread - ¦" . Ml1 " r«l valu;$. &
Df wco', excellent quality and weight, in very .. -^^^^m^ S^AJAZRlCA'S GRANDEST STORE. 1500 yards of good quality Satin and Taffeta '2
K pretty muctures of gray, brown, blue and . ; >_ _j ; ; ; "Ribbon*, all silk, a nice sot weav:, width "5
£ tan; noting newer neater or more desirable J^^^y WC bcjin Ihc Sfllc Ol 200 dcZZll Women's and children's best quality ' ' iX '*&"> »-» '^ color asscrtment; the £
if for a seperate slcirt tor the mountains or sea-- •....- J, .. . _ .. . . , . .•. repti'ar ict cnalirv \v-Hn«<<->v *•
5 shore; you would think it a big value at 50c My Linen Collars at the Extraordinary price o!-6 lor ISc prd! . f. . . , fSc *
J per yard; but we have marked _ £ . . ' '""¦' „ . ' ~ ~ ~ 1 J 1 100 yaVds of bri'niaV .'u^tw Lou : sine Ribbon, %
5 it •pedai. .'....... xS&fL, Beautiful New Hair Dressing, and Manicure Parlors 4 x ™*** wide, positively »ii »ik, > rich a*I s
I Wednestlay Sale of now , o P e n on second floor. Expert attendants and the j~j«— -«^ 15. . 2 # |
% y «? 'f most modern appliances for treating the hair and scalp. • — :?
$• Sailor \ii i 11— ° — — Special Sals of - •;
I « suits. Silk Goats, Haff Price. ciW/ SS D ff.KS?w S
I X^* l<^S, All our full length Silk Coats, best Taffeta &gj£jk /flM SS^lfiSi^! I
*C' /i^VVjA handsomcl y braided coi:ar » and Peau de Soie, with and without cape "P$£/ / ' *' \\ lb » wi:h buttonholes, .v
I /J^^\S£rir^^£'"andlice:Wmmedrbl8^OTy/brown;tor..: JjT 1 &,£?&%
* I A \ %SXr^ day 0Dly • • • • $ 2 * 19 day .and to-morrow (Wednesday and r^r4^\ /*S^r^&\ werc offered> for 2
I WT aIw^^|^|) ™ ] y> alterations extra - ((Jm W^§ :?
Si|\?A . co:or Percafe Wai, J^.OO Silk CoatS...........i...:..:Sf^.50 \\ M I WMBBM S^^oM
* Hh wit c: jns* . $30.00 siik coats..... $15.00 \^M- n^W jri^-vs* *
l H H Swo a n n i d y C / z^ltr 9 e Silk C0atS $2O.OO I \ Children's D.wers, J^n $
*¦¦.&*¦)& years; Wednesday $C0.00 Silk CoatS....". §25.00 I \ . JWiJ» M
II 21C 75o,$U00, $1.25 Shirt Waists 48o I '\
% &22m25 Curtains. — 1 he 75c and 00 Shirt Waists are this season's /^»/-i-==* j f\ to-day only; but five Iji j ___ ___/\ "5
J ' fi| OO white embroidery trimmed and striped gingham and / J \\ pa -rs to a single cus- It' '^'""Z*^ *
5 '¦:; ¦'".., , 7 '„, ' .- Madras. The J 1. 2 5. ones are fine solid-colored Madras V / V tomer: || bS2E=3yV>\ «J
I i^ig^S^^J of last season's, but are fresh^andb good condition,, and "S &$%. • . . . ft^f/tt |
I plain Swiss Curtains, with handsome colored practically as good styles. Your choice to-day only J^Qc a * 4 ' "t * * WzT**W/f *
tf borders, four different styles; also p'ain Swiss — ; — ' ' .* * ~* |lr^ sSg£ ~*?yy X
% W^^^$^i^^M $ e ' 5 ° Reatlyto-Wear Hats $3.95. ***. ft : : : -• \
|C per pair; Wednesday only . . §Mm3S /O^L These extra quaiity . . g*? V 1
£' ««#» nf H.mc/j//.i, nf l ' J g^$&<&-^k^ trimmed, ready-to-wear Hats of Plate Rnvks $2.85. J
% ASf© Ot tt£mStttChe£l f^i^^S „ «„. r . ¦ o ,jTl cJ®&P*^r In thc Furniture Department, on Wednesday «
% Squares arnS Scarfs. fine q^i"y straw; Panama >& «>, we win «a $5.00 piate Racks- 4 o J
Jf Two lots cf very pretty hemstitched cambric Jx&**^r$ ~ braid; trimmed as in picture; J&jL*G&3» inches wide; made of solid oak, golden fin- JJ
squires, suitable for table covers and pillow . C. "Tt, 1 u " j c i s^^^~f^5|BB ''^j with thre; shelve*} a very usrful and "5
J shsms; size 30x30 inches; and I7x 5 o-inch V )^> S1:K ° r VClVCt bound ; nnc lar S^ |T **" ornamental piec; of furniture €%S S
jf bureau scarfs to match; on special sale . (__-— -^^ quill or \vings; full all-3ilk drape [»¦ /*5 for the cining-rocm, for . . v*>Vv 9l
£ Wednesday only. . ' [ - 3I&V 1 1 t , \" <k* — — — . yf
S B 40c Squ 2 «s, Wednesday . ... 26o * ff^l ™^ r0SCttC; $ 6 'S°-> S^'A ' Is Your Boy /A/H *
g 46c Bureau Scarfs, Wednesday . 26O f >A» * just to-day only.. .. $£ -95 S^ \ 3 Yeat*S Old? MXJ/t\ 3«
$ 75c Squares, Wednesday .... 42c • - " ' »^^*r y J( h]^ U Y/Rl .«
g 75c Bureau Scarfs, Wednesday . 42O ' m ' +m ' m ¦ ! i B #^ . -«-, 7TZ ! pair of these gocd qual- /""F^A 2
i Gas stove si as ' A Sale of parties' Belts. yzJ""^";, I i' I f
X UHM& %96OVG vfsim^rif. a. ¦ "^v all*; a good weight, well /• A— -'J»
Jf ¦ I ¦ A Manufacturer's SStti.^ K "*- <e '^'\. made and finished, for L ? :'c« «
; % /£<^ggSS^$ 4 %3|ISgiP^ K t»to Line— tho Event of -^- — *WV -- - \. . • 15o f L \ %
y.faifc fe^" of Goads. . . <C> —^^Z^^^^tf^r^ " * -nave st^e j fc fe
; Jf \3MV~ m 7*~'~ '""" ' More than a • thousand Ladies' S^ZljT^SS*^''^ Oflly. p J
ii )// VS Belts — A prominent manufactur- '"' 7:>^ r?^. mm ~i . * 11 •*
% ' cr's. sample line of this. season's ><X^^-<^^ *ffiJL U?J* '
i J This two-burner gas stove, with removable top style will be placed on special KjT • s^/^SL^Tnfc^D 1/ *"*«» *"2IV^ I
IS |«t« and loose cap burners easily cleaned^ sa l e in main aisle Wednesday at estStyipS, \\ *
» finished in back jron, with fancy, cast top; , ,- . • , &1mf}O- I- — I I" J 'Z
K size i ox i o inches 6 irch« hi<rh. a «,,,!rt a fraction of " the prices the regu- . ! ?^/?^\$J''^ , ,' # .» t/ T* - 5
. jf. sire 10x19 incnes, ° >r.cnes ftigh, a quick- . . r . , " A large vanet7 of the newest rjmmer patterns •*
; jf cooking stave; worth | 2 .oo ; lar stocks will have to be sold for. ¦: and co , or5ngS) fa th . pUin aad ?lez £ fnnt *
; X Wednesday only .... &lm«r& Right at the beginning of ihe shirt waist season, when almost every one Go'f Shirts, including all of the popular $
• tfS"f to « „*'!•; V:- 1 * V ' -5° needs a new belt, we offer these Patent Leather, Seal, Morocco, Ribbon ***** of reds - blne « and «"»; cuff » to 5
i »? Gas Stove Double Lined Tubing, foot. . tQO , „ , -a , • - j- r ' , , «>.vu,.iuuuua match- verv st>li«h- rxtra vain- at «* tin X
, J> ll_ ¦ " and Velvet Belts, including many fancy shapes and . ornamentation; be'.t3 matcn, very stjri-sfl, extra vaiu^ at.gi«oo 3,
1 J BaGOn, Coffee, EtC, manufactured to sell. at from 25c to $1.00 each, at Turkey Red ' DsmZSk. 5
! }f At Special Prices. 3& 9 ISc 29Cm ¦ '• 4 ° piece ! f * n?CI ' io u Tar^l ,? ed - D T ask v in '?
; 5 „ . „ •„ . , «^»*»^ «Q^**^r mm%*%0m several desgas, ths real Ahzann dye; they »
J f Best Bzcon— The very finest Eastern sugar ; ; ¦¦.¦¦' are 59 inches wide, patterns neat and new; *
$ ll^tpp^Sf^l Prztty Medallions 18c. Liquors Wednesday SfgtflSLiSrSSS; |
S{ Fest Coffee- Our popular Java and. Mocha, Colored Life Phcto Medallions — In a large as- ' Va - t Whiskey — Duffey s medicinal; Wednrs- a rca j jj c quality; Wednesday 5
thc very b;st grades in tne market, either sortment of blight, pleasing subjects; size day, bottle 74C only, yard . . . 2^%f-C &
j* ' ground or in fcean; Wednesday only, Ib 2Qo '6x8 inches, with a three-quarter inch orna- Extra Sautcrne — An excellent dinner wine; -- . = gj ' g &
St Baking Fowder— The guaranteed Emporium mental gilt frame; with # o Wedn-s<?ay; gallon .. . . . . . . 5SO " lG^, S anc Y nOSlBty, .J
fc* brand upon which we refund the money if easel back; Wednesday only, each' #oC Grape Juice— Pure unfermented, bottle.^Co N W &tyl&S, 25c. !I
K, not sitisfictery; Wednesday, i -Ib. tins 3 CtO American Club Whiskey — A pure, unadulter- Large import order of Men's Fancy Hosiery jf
"fl» Corn— The best Western, Lilac or Golden ~ ' . ated bourbon, gallon . . . . . .. $2*2S for summer season just received; there are J8
' »? Rule brands; WednesJay only, sing'e tins, *Oi/« VSfimlaot£%c O/T» Meadevllfe Ryz Whiskey— A very high-grade many new effects of black grounds, with «2
*[ ©O; per dozen . . ... ... . . 9Oc t^/zC aiiKOfnGS* ft" Whiskey, special Wednesday only .. vertical figures and embroideries; also open- 5
i 5 Salmon— Fancy pink Alaska; Wednesday. 3 36-inch SUkolIne in a very large variety of pat- # # QQc work and lace effect! to wear with low «
Jf tir.s, 24-C; per d°*en . Q3 j terns and ao different color effects for dra- McBrayer Whiskey— This is the real old stock, shoes; when ycu sie these good qualities and %
fc* Prunes— Extra Santa-Claras, 40 to 50 to the peries and comforters, our regular q as a trial wi.l convince you; for Wednesday pretty styles, you will wonder how {*
6 pound; Wednesday, 4 Ibi 25O * ia^c per prd value— sals price . . *»«? only, gallon $3.25 we can sen them per pair. . . . 25 C *
A car-load of Cnll Superior
Atlases lias arrived and they
are now ready for ¦ distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this great book at tne prem-
ium rate of 50. Out of
town subscribers . desiring; u,
copy- of this splendid, prem-
ium will be supplied on / re-
ceipt 'of $1 • 5O. " . All ; mall
orders •will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPtRIOR ATLAS.
BnHMnaaMBBUMUBnnHBUUaHBBBBaUBHUflBB
j| •¦¦ ___ ' . ta
j DEPARTURE AUCTIO W ¦•¦ SALE - I
SI JhY ENTIRE STOCK OF S
B ui,.. ' B
g ¦...¦:. n
B THE LARGEST AND THE VERT BEST. COMPOSED OF GENUINE ANTIQUES 5
B . . ONLY, «
B WILL. BE SOLD OUT WITHOUT RESERVE OR LIMIT TO THE HIGHEST §
B BIDDER.
g Sale Commences S
| ; THURSDAY, TlAY 15th I
B 7 » B
g- And Daily at 2.30 P. M. |
I At 332 POST STREET, ££»: \
E9 ..; : : •:¦• ' ' " ' " ' . '...';¦ B
¦ . . . . - I < TTrioCTi^rHWnrfiM^ ¦¦
g v Before leaving for my long collectlns trip I will hold this great selling out auction ij
BJ to raise all the cash possible. . -. 5^
Bj All desirous to buy genuine antiques will find this sale a real opportunity. £*
g M. B. MIHRAN. |
STYLE TRANSMISSION.
•^ •£*
Most shoes are copies of copies,-— recopied
till the subtle elegance "of the originals has fil-
Regals-at $3,50-are direct copies from the
best made" without dangerous
"improvements," and are therefore safe to wear.
** Tannery to Consumer" makes accu-
rate transmission, at the Regal price, possible;
Style bock oa postal request
Sold only in 45 Regal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific and Loadan. '
AIsd by mail.
SAN FRANCISCO STOREi
S. W. Corner Stockton and Geary Street.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIXJM."It ha«.now been explained by the friends of the
naval officers who got,- into the row at Venice that
the difficulty -was due to the fact that the officers
could not speak Italian, nor could the waiters speak
English, and hence there was no r way of making ex
planations and the f police had to be called in. . The
excuse is good enough, but : it will ! be remembered
that according to the original -story the row -was
something more than a wrestle' with language.
There was alarge part of the proceedings that could
have been understood by a deaf man!
GOOD FRIDAY AND EASTER^-J/ F..
City. Since the year 1801 Good Friday
fell on the 28th of March in 1823. 1834 and
1902. It will fall on that date again in
1986 and 1997. Since 1801, including 1902,
Easter Sunday has fallen in March
twenty-three times, and up to the year
2000 it will occur in that month twenty
one times. Easter Sunday never fell in
the nineteenth century earlier than March
23 but once, and that was in 1818, N ivhen it
fell on the 22d, and will not fall on that
date during the twentieth century.
PREMIUM HALF-DOLLARS— R» G. t
Dutch Flat, Cal. A half-dollar of
1861 is not a premium coin. The only half
dollars for which a premium is offered
are of the following dates: 1794, 1796, 1797
1801, 1S02, 1815, 183G, 1838, 1852 and 18S2. There
Is, however, no premium on half-dollars
of 1836 bearing the motto "E Pluribus
Unum" 'over the eagle, those of 1838 that
have not the mint mark O over the date,
and thpse of 1853 that have arrow-heads
at the date and rays around the eagle.
Naming of the New States.
Editor The Call: Most people will
agree with the main idea in your "Jef
ferson \ and Montezuma" editorial in to
day's issue, of your valuable journal
viz: When a Territory becomes a State
it should retain the name it had been
known by. An exception to that rule
should be made when its sponsors chris
ten it by simply adding "New" to "any
old thing" and producing such abor
tions as New York, New Jersey and New
Mexico. The term "New,", as part of
name to, a State, is as inappropriate as
"Junior 1 ,' is when following the name of
a man of "three score and. ten." \
New Mexico has associated with it so
many beautiful names of Indian or
Spanish .origin that 'it should be easy to
find one with a pleasant sound which
should be appropriate to this State about
to be born. . I present a few as examples,
viz: Conception; Nacimiento (birth);
Aztec (name of first inhabitants); Cortez
(the discoverer of California, New Mex
ico and contiguous country); Albu
querque; Sequedad r . (dryness);" Aqua
Dulce (sweet water) ; Aqua Fuerte;
Aquardiente (whisky) ; Borracho (drunk) •
Carcel (prison)..
The name Oklahoma reminds us of
rough frontier life, with "cowboys, gam
blers, etc. Suppose It was changed to
"Jefferson,"; and immediately the public
would ascribe to its inhabitants all " of
those courtly manners and customs \ of
the good old . "Jeffersonian times." Yours
for euphony, " ¦; C. G. MINIFIE.
San Francisco, May 10.
VALUE OF A PATENT— F. B., Gray
son, Cal. A patent grants to the patentee,
his heirs or assigns for the term of sev
enteen years in the United States the ex
clusive right to make, use and vend the
invention or discovery throughout the
United States and the Territories; conse
quently no one has a right to make a pat
ented article, even_>though for his indi
vidual use, without infringing on the in
ventor's patent and taking chances of in
curring the penalties provided by law.
POPULATION— Subscriber, Sebastopol,
Cal. The population of the United States,
Including 91,219 in the military and naval
service, was, according to the census o?
1M0, 76,303,387. According to the same au
thority the population of Stockton was
17,606 and of Santa Rosa 6673.
BASEBALL GROUND — Constant
Reader, City. The California League
baseball grounds are located in Golden
Gate, Alameda County, near Berkeley,
and are reached by the train that leaves
Oakland mole for the place last named.
Games are played there every Wednesday
and Sunday.
It is not necessary to look far away to find a point
where the allied party menaces Republicanism. The
menace . exists in California. The Democratic camp
That the various divisions of the allied party have
no other point of agreement than that of a desire for
the spoils of office does not in any way detract from
the effectiveness of the alliance. In fact, both in war
and in politics many a successful campaign has been
waged by allies of that kind, and it is by no means
improbable that several States now regarded as sure
for the Republicans may be carried on election' day
by the opposition. : / :
At this juncture the Republican party cannot af
ford to commit blunders. The work of reorganizing
the long demoralized ranks of Democracy has been
carried forward with considerable success through
out the Union. Bryan rails at the reorganize^,! but
they pay no attention to him. They are saying noth
ing, but sawing wood most industriously, and their
one appeal to the workers is: "Get together for vic
tory, and we will talk of platforms -and policies
later on."
That statement is as true of the Democracy of
California as of Texas, and the same may be said of
the Democracy of Ncw^ England and of the cotton
States. There is no Democratic platform, no Demo
cratic policy and no Democratic leader.. It would
seem, then, that there is nothing to be feared from
the allied factions that call themselves Democrats,
and some Republicans may be indulging the belief
that their party will have this fall an easy victory in
the Congressional and State elections. Those who
are indulging such a belief had better get rid of it.
There may be no agreement among Democrats on
any issue of statecraft, but there is a firmly based
agreement among them' that they ought to have
the offices of the States and of the nation, and they
are going to make a vigorous fight for them.
THE "allied party" is a title which with as much
accuracy as wit the Galveston News applies to
Democracy. Describing the Democrats of Texas
the News says: "There are among them all-around
expansion Democrats, hemispherical expansion
Democrats, Cuban expansion Democrats and South
American expansion Democrats. There are among
them tariff-for-revenue Democrats, protection Dem
ocrats and Democrats who, while not favoring pro
tection, yet, as long as it is extended to certain in
terests, demand it for those in which they are inter
ested, hence may be called want-a-bite Democrats.
The fact is that the party may be called an allied
party itself."
THE ALLIED PARTY.
IDAHO RESERVATION— G. G.. City.
For information as to the possible date
of the opening of the Idaho reservations
to settlement address a communication to
the General Land Office, Washington,
D. C.
FOREIGN PATENTS— E. P.. L., El
Verano, Cal. An article patented in a
foreign country may be patented in the
United States and vice versa.
From this condition of affairs the Russian officials
can learn a valuable lesson if they will. Ignorance
is more revolutionary than intelligence, and a blind,
unreasoning loyalty more dangerous than reason. , If
the Russian Government be wise it will cease to rely
on such things for the stability of the empire. :
That strange document is said to have had more'in
fluence in rousing the peasants than all the harangues
for constitutional government' that the Liberals and
the university students have made since the begin
ning of the agitation. It is effective because it ap
peals directly to the .'peasant and advocates what the
peasant looks upon as simple justice. It is natural
for him to believe that the Czar, whom he has been
taught to regard as a benevolent father, should de
sire to make his people happy and give them their
rights. Consequently the forged ukase finds every
where a ready welcome., The peasants demand, the
land and when the, stewards of the rich lords en
deavor to exact rent they drive them out of the dis
trict.
"My grandfather who is now resting in God, Em
peror Alexander, by abolishing serfdom gave you
peasants liberty and at the same time divided 'the land
among you. The magnates of the land,, however,
were discontented with this and they brought the
land again into their possession and thus robbed you.
The country which for needy wage you cultivate .in
the sweat of your brows' is your own land, and the
corn in the barns of your oppressors is your corn.
I love you and as I desire to be a just Emperor I
allow and command you to demand back your prop
erty and to divide it among yourselves as your legal
possessions. If they refuse to give it to you peace
ably then take it from them by force, together with
the cattle in their stalls and the corn in their barns."
One of these circulars which is reported to , be
pr.nted in the usual form of an imperial ukase says:
SINCE the Russian Government has sought to
hold its people in subjection by keeping them
in ignorance and inculcating among them an
unquestioning obedience to the Czar, the agitators
who are now disturbing the country have sought to
turn the ignorance and the reverence to their ad
vantage. Scattered among the rioting peasants
circulars have been found calling upon them in the
name of the Czar to overthrow the nobles and pil
lage their estates.
In his testimony before the • Senate committee,
General MacArthur gave the Philippines a new title
by calling them a "tuitionary annex." It is now up
to the' lawyers to say whether the constitution can
apply to sifch things.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
RUSSIAN DISTURBANCES.
The saving of a few cents on a bottle of Va
nilla Extract will not atone for annoyance ot
having dessert "Just a little off" In flavor.
Always buy Burnett's, tha standard quality.
"Jane, where on earth did you get all
these almanacs?"
"Just think! The druggist let me have
the entire lot for a nickel!"
"But they are last year's."
"Yes, but they were such a bargain,
dear."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
George E. Gallagher, the well-known
Democratic leader of the Thirty-eighth
District, left this city Sunday for So
nora, Mcx., to investigate the reported
discovery of a ledge of rich gold ore on
some land belonging to him. He is ac
companied by W. B'. Olds, a prominent
mining engineer.
B. F. Durphy, who is connected with
the Hammond Lumber Company of Eu
reka, is at the Grand. Durphy says that
the lumber business was never better in
Humboldt County. Wages are high and
there is plenty of work for men in the
lumber mills at Eureka.
-President E. H. Harriman has notified
the transportation officials of the South
ern Pacific to hold his special train in
readiness. He may leave for the East at
any moment.
Edward Chambers, freight manager of
the Santa Fe, with headquarters in Los
Angoles, Is at the Palace.
J. W. Glenn, a Stockton merchant, is at
the Grand.
D. S. Kayser, a vineyardist of Napa is
at the Grand. . . '
Frederick Eudey, a banker of Jackson
Is at the Lick.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney ~" Ukiah
is at the Grand.
The Rev. Father TV. J. Madden of Mo
desto is at the Occidental.
C. J. Cox, a dry goods merchant of Hol
lister, is at the California.
Frank H. Gray, a raisin-grower, of
Fresno, is at the Occidental.
Allan V. Morse, proprietor of Lytton
Springs, is at the Occidental.
A. Brown, a member of the State Board
of Equalization, is at the Lick.
Since Prince Henry made such a success of his
visit to the United States there is talk in Germany
of electing him to the Reichstag and giving him an
opportunity of showing What he learned of politics
in America.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best.
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlstoa
and Stites. Idaho, there ara good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATF.UjB.
G. A.. «7 Market St.. S. P.
PV Going to Ttitmder Mountain P?
A Boston flrm of dealers in china and
glassware that has occupied the same site
for a portion of three centuries, its store
having first been opened there in 1798, ia
selling at auction its stock preparatory
to moving farther up town.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Tress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Of course it will be different with Cuba. We are
not going to be irritated by anything Palma may say
or do. We have expended our treasure' and shed
much American blood to establish the freedom of
Cuba and are desirous that the new government
should be successful in every way. All the same
President Palma should be careful in making his
plea for lower duties. We are not going to surrender
the principle of protection for the sake of making a
Had the representative of any great power made
such a statement there would have been an imme
diate explosion on the part of the American people,
and it would have taken a good deal in the way of
explanation to set things right again. We are not
accustomed to dictation from abroad as to what our
customs duties shall be, and a power that should re
fuse to make any treaty with us until we should have
consented to reduce our duties on its exports would
be promptly told that we are not eager for treaties
of any kind and have no desire to purchase them at
that price. c
A good illustration of his lack of tact in this re
spect is found in that statement made in an interview
at Santa Cruz that "he would recommend that no
treaty be made with the United States until the
amount cf the reduction in American duties on Cu
ban products was known, and that the' reduction
would have to be more than 25 per cent."
So fcr as those statements are concerned there will
be general approval of the President's course. Un
fortunately Palma did not stop there, but proceeded
to talk about the relations of Cuba to the United
States with a degree of frankness which displayed a
good deal more of Cuban patriotism than good sense.
International questions are always delicate, and dip
lomatists rarely discuss them above a whisper. Palma
is not a diplomatist. He has talked openly and loudly
of what he purposes to recommend concerning Cu
ban relations to the United States, and in doing so
has said some very foolish things.
Some of his statements are marked by a com
mendable economy and prudence. He has an
nounced, for example, that he will recommend that
there be no war department nor navy department
in the government, and that the island abstain from
undertaking to support either an army or a navy. He
purposes to give much attention to the development
of a diversified agriculture in place of the well nigh
universal cane-growing, and will continue the sani
tary regulations established by the United States
authorities in the island. In short, he will recom
mend a programme of economy and improvement
and will strive to keep his people contented by help
ing to render them prosperous.
During the tour which he has been making
through the Cuban provinces while waiting for his
inauguration Palma has been quite frank in outlining
the policy he intends to pursue and the recommenda
tions he will make to the Cuban congress in his first
address.
While everything has been done by the authori
ties at Washington tc facilitate the change of ad
ministration and place the new President upon a firm
footing at the start, there will be required of him
nor.e the less a high degree of statesmanship to main
tain his equilibrium and avoid blunders. For that
reason the country will watch the experiment of the
new government with a good deal of interest. It
is not so easy to take a new nation out of the secure
port of a powerful protectorate into the open sea of
independence as it is to take a ship out of a harbor,
End the pilot cannot afford to be overconfident at
any stage of the task.
WITHIN a few days President-elect Palma
will take tha oath of office and enter upon
the task of establishing the government of
Cuba. The ceremony of inauguration is to take place
May 20, and on the evening of that day General
Wood will sail for the United States, leaving the new
government to work out its own salvation.
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st. t Palace Hotel building. •
PALMA'S POLICY.
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
WEDNESDAY MAY 14, 19°2
. , ___—^— — — -•- —
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
•iccresi All Cox&muiieatie&i to W. 8. LEAEE, Manager.
~te£ephoneT~
AsiTtoT THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICES. ..Market and Third. S. F*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Delivered bjr Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Including Poitaret
X?A.n/r CALL (including Sunday), one year fS.OO
I'AILT CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILT CALL tinclufllnjr Sunday). 3 months 1.80
DAILT CALL— By Single Mcath 65c
COTDAT CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.00
All poitmaiten are authorized to recelTe
¦ nb«crli«tion«.
Sample cosies will be forwarded when requested.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION Of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of April. 1902.
April 1 01,3S0 April 16 «9,970
April 2 <{<»,:«»<» April 17 59,570
April 3 G0.140 April IS 00,300
April 4 CO.2OO Apr«.l 1O 00,400
April 5 UO.-MU April 2O". 71.HSO
Arril <1 70,050 April 21 5W.73O
April 7 GO.11O April 22 OO.49O
April K GO.5SO April 23 50,740
April tt «O,2yO April 24 OO,57O
April 1O 58,980 April 25 01,100
April 11 59,700 April 20 OO.OOO
April 12 0O.050 April 27 73,7OO
April 13 To.nijo April 2S <tl.O<»)
April 14 «;<».! Ml April 2!> OO.43O
April 15 C0.25O April 3O. 01,370
Total 1,855,710
FTATE OF CALIFORNIA. . J
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. \ ss *
On this 32th day of May. 1902 personally appeared before
me. William T. Hess, a Notary Public to and for the city and
county aforesaid. \V. J. Martin, who being sworn according
to jaw declares that he is the business manager of The San
Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California, and that there
were printed and distributed during the month of April. 1002,
one million eight hundred and fifty-five thfisand seven hun
dre-J and ten (1.855.710) copies of the eali/aewspaper. which
number divided by thirty (the number cf €ays of issue) gives
en average daily circulation of 61,857 copies.
SEAL. j . W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of May, .
3902. W. T. HESS. '
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels build
ing.
There is no reason whatever for further delay in
constructing the canal. All the routes have.been'sur
veyed over and over again. The best experts obtain
able have investigated every problem connected with
the enterprise and have made the most accurate es
timates that science can furnish. The arguments of
each route have been submitted and the people have
declared a willingness to bear. the taxation required
to raise the money needed for the construction of the
work. Congress, therefore, can deal with the issue
just as wisely now as it can a year from" now. It
ought either to decide or leave the question to the
President. In fact, the adoption of either bill now
before Congress would be better than the adoption
of none.
Some time ago there was a report that certain
Senators drawn from the membership of v both par
ties had formed a combination to defeat the' Philip
pine bill, -the Cuban reciprocity bill and the isth
mian canal bill. No reliable authority was ever
given for the report, but it* seems to have had some
thing in the way of foundation, for it managed to
persist despite the repeated denials of leading Sena
tors. Probably there was never anything more than
an attempt to form such a combination, but even
that seems to have been abandoned. It would cer-*
tainly have been a gross act of folly for any Repub
lican to have taken part in it, for should Congress
adjourn without doing something toward the attain
ment of the isthmian canal the Republican party
would be held responsible for the delay and the can
didates of the party would have to face a good deal
of popular discontent because of it.
SENATOR HOAR has presented Congress with
a new canal bill, and the fact that he has done
so goes far to confirm the reports that there
is so much opposition to existing bills as to render it
doubtful if either of them can be enacted at this ses
sion. The Senator's bill is simplicity itself. It is a
short document empowering the President to select
a route for an isthmian canal and arrange for the con
struction of the desired waterway, and appropriates
$180,000,000 for the purpose. - : -r~?'~;" • ;.
There can be. no question that ..a. majority -of
the American people would approve the' adoption'- of
the bill, notwithstanding the large v power it confers
upon the President. As a matter of fact the country
has become impatient with the wrangle between the
contending advocates of Nicaragua' and Panama.'
The desire of the people is for a canal at the earliest
possible date, and since it seems unlikely that Con-'
gress will ever agree upon the route, the best thing
to be done is to refer it to the President with power
to act.
HOAR'S CANAL BILL.
Every now and then some enthusiastic New
Yorker suggests Dan Lamont for. President' of the
United States, but Dan, who has studied the , office
from the standpoint of a private . secretary, prefers
to stay where he is and be a plutocrat.
Robert Fitzsimmons and .wife occupied
a box in the theater. Fitz seemed greatly
pleased with the performance. He Joined
in the cheering with the rest of tha
crowd.
Last night was Foresters' night at the
Central Theater and the members of the
different courts attended 500 strong.
Special seats were reserved for them,
and the merry throng sent up cheer after
cheer as the different scenes of tha
charming melodrama, "The World,"
were presented. The theater party was
a great success.
Officers for the next term will be chosen
to-morrow and in the evening there will
be a baneuet.
Action will be taken to-day on a propo
sition to make the office of permanent
secretary an elective one.
During .the afternoon an amendment
was carried that lets down the bars as to
one branch of Foresters. In 1887, when a
number of members of the order with
drew on account of the color question,
the High Court passed a law that no'
member of any other order of Forester3
could join the Ancient Order. This , ex
cluded the Independent Order of Forest
ers as well as the American Order, com
posed of seceders. The law passed yes
terday admits all Foresters except thosa
who are members of the American Order.
An amendment proposing to reduce the
initiation fee was introduced.
In conclusion High Chief Ranger Boehm
returns thanks to the permanent secre
tary, John Falconer, and to the deputies
for assistance rendered him during the
past two years. ; '
The best of feeling and completest harmony
has existed during my term of office between
us and that branch of the order known as
the Companions of the Forest, and our thanks
cannot be too warmly expressed for the kindly
and fraternal Interest they have exhibited in
preparing the entertainment and reception ac
corded to the officers and delegates to this
Subsidiary High Court, and as your high chief
ranger I earnestly and heartily recommend that
the members of said branch be admitted to
our endowment fund, as they request by the
resolution adopted at the last meeting of the
Supreme Grand Cir.cle, Companions of the
Forest, now before this, body.
As to the endowment fund, I cannot recom
mend it to our members too strongly. During
the last two years it has not received the sup
port that it merits, and I am satisfied that
this is due to a want of examination on the
part of our brethren. No provident member
of our order who has looked Into this matter
can fail to conclude that it is the best and
cheapest form of Insurance extant.
The number of courts instituted from April
1, 1000, to April 1, 1002. as per quarterly re
port, 44; instituted since April 1. 1002. up to
date, 4; making a total of 48; suspended from
April 1. 1000, to April 1, 1902. 21; net gain In
courts. 27.
I am pleased to inform you that during th*
two years just past the numerical strength of
our order in this Jurisdiction has increased 23
per cent. On March 31, 1000. our member
ship was 7550, and on . March 31. 1902, it
was 9550, a net gain of 2000.
The financial condition of the several courts
in the aggregate show an increase of over It
per cent. On March 31. 1900,, they had $83,
127 74, and on March 31, 1002, their combined
treasuries showed $04,853 45, or a net gain of
$11,725 71.
During- the term last past I have devoted my
entire time to Forestlc work, traveling thou
sands of miles by rail, water and stage, having
visited one hundred and twenty-two courts. I
found. Jt necessary to attend some of them as
many as two, three and four times, thus de
priving- me of the opportunity of going: to a
few others, which fact is a matter of regret
to me, inasmuch as I firmly believe that the
high chief ranger's presence throughout the
Jurisdiction fosters a feeling of harmony and
the organization is cemented together more
strongly.
¦ The interior of the Foresters' building
at the corner of O'Farrell and Stockton
streets was gay with decorations of' red,
white, blue and yellow yesterday in hon
or of the tenth session of the Subsidiary
High Court of the Ancient Order of For
esters. High Chief Ranger M. Boehm
opened the session with the usual impres
sive ceremony. After appointing sub
committees and receiving- the report of
the committee on credentials, which
showed that 156 courts of the order were
represented, the reports of the officers
were presented and referred to the com
mittee on distribution. In his annual re
port High Chief Ranger Boehm says:
The. Veterans celebrated the silver anni
versary by a banquet at the California
Hotel last night. After the introduction
of W. T. Galloway the new president,
there were responses to toasts by Dr.
Kergan, W. A. Bonynge, J. N. Young and
W. H. Barnes, and vocal selections by
Robert Burns. During the banquet there
was instrumental music by Tod's Orches
tra. . .
At the meeting of the Veteran Odd .Fel
lows' Association the following named
were elected for the current term: W.
T. Galloway, president; F. L. Turpin,
vice president; William A. Barnes, sec
retary (twenty-fourth term); " D. Sewell,
treasurer (eleventh term); J. F. Thomp
son, marshal; C. O. Burton, G. W. Dixon,
L. W. Downes, J. F. Crosett and F. A.
Week, directors.
The election of officers will take place
Thursday. There will be a contest over
grand warden, as there are a number
of candidates for the office— F. L. Tur
pin of Pacific Lodge, J. W. Linscott of
Pajaro Lodge and James Rye of Harbor
Lodge. W. A. Bonynge of Los. Angeles
and John Thompson of Pacific Lodge are
candidates for the office of trustee for
the Odd Fellows' ' Home.
The report of the grand secretary shows
tnat the membership at the close of the
year 1901 was 32,521, an increase of 933
The subordinate lodges during the year
navo expended for burial and relief of
brothers, $251,884 19; for burial of sisters,
!S£S : for of widowed families,
57746 33; for education of orphans (not in
home), $436 55, and for charity, $17,035 35,
SS^or* to t al for rellef and char "y of
$2S2,033 27, which is $9532 05 in excess of
the past year, and Is about $772 68 per
day. There was expended for the home
at Thermalito $22,189.
Grand Master Nicholls further reported
that he paid two visits to the Orphans'
Home at Gilroy, which is under control
of the Rebekahs, and found it in good
condition. He devoted considerable space
to the Odd Fellows' Home at Thermalito
and the purchase of the site on White's
Ranch, near San Jose, on which it Is
proposed to erect a new home. In a
resume the grand master reports that
during the year he officially traveled
15,500 miles by rail, 1000 miles by water
and 840 by team end met 10,435 brothers
at subordinate lodge meetings. He ex
presses himself grateful to the news
papers and makes special mention of The
Call, and returns thanks to Grand Secre
tary Shaw, Assistant Secretary Clifford
and Past Grand Master Watson for as
sistance kindly rendered.
Grand Master William Nicholls Jr., in
his annual report, says that during the
past year one lodge surrendered its char
tei and that six new ones were instituted
at Gazelle, Isleton, Richmond. Dunsmuir,
Los Angeles and Long Beach. Walnut
Grove Lodge consolidated with Nietos
Lodge. Five new h'alls dedicated, to Odd
Fellowship were opened with appropriate
ceremonies. He visited eighty-five lodges
in his district and made eighty-nine visits
outside of the district.
The reports of the grand officers were
read and referred to the committee on dis
tribution, which in turn apportioned them
to special committees for consideration,
except that part of the grand master's
report which deals with the Odd Fellows'
Home. That portion of the report was
referred to the Grand Lodge sitting as a
committee of the whole, and will be made
a special order.' '
The Grand Lodge degree was conferred
in due form on 298 past grands. The dele
gates were each presented with one of
the handsomest badges ever got up for
this body, commemorative of the golden
jubijee session. ¦•¦¦•¦. .
The Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows assembled in fif
tieth annual session yesterday in Odd
Fellows' Hall. More than six hundred
representatives, in addition- to the grand
officers, were present at rollcall.
Of the orphans' home at Gilroy Presi
dent Mrs. Michell says: "During the year
I have had the great pleasure of visiting
the home, and I am really sorry that each
and every Rebekah in this State cannot
avail herself or himself of the same pleas
ure. And here allow me to offer my sin
cere thanks for the very generous re
sponse to circulars issued on behalf of
our 'Orphans' Home donation day/ I
found everything at the home in perfect
order, and a 'home* In every sense of
the word— the children all well and happy,
and those who were old enough attending
school regularly."
During the term the president mads
110 official visits.
From the report of the secretary, Mrs.
Mary E. Donoho, it appears that tho
membership is distributed among 231
lodges, and that the net increase of lodges
during the year was 12. The report gives
the following figures showing the growth
of the order since 1S90: In 1S00, 10.404
members; 1891, 11,460; 1892, 12,161; 18D3.
13,083; 1894, 13,817; 1S05. 13,043; 1896, 15,946;
1S97, 16,371; 1838. 16,472; 1899, 17,172; 1900,
18,443; 1901, 19,848.
The increase during the past year Is tho
largest in the history of the order.
During the year the total receipts wera
514,842 and the disbursements $11,098. of
which sum J7169 was for the Orphans'
Home.
The trustees of the home presented a,
detailed report of the working of the in
stitution, in which there are forty-six in
mates. The report will be taken up at the
session to-day. The trustees recommend
ed the establishment of a steam laundry
and a hospital.
Last evening Isabel Lodge of Santa
Cruz, through its team, conferred the de
gree of the order. There was a large at
tendance and the team was highly com
mended for its work.
The Veteran Rebekahs will elect offi
cers to-night and close with a banquet.
New lodges were instituted at North
Ontario, Fullerton, Tgo, Glendale, Wood
bridge, Big Oak Flat. Knob. Newville,
Berkeley, Richmond, Brentwood, Exeter,
Loleta and Los Angeles.
The preliminary ceremonies occupied
the forenoon session. The afternoon was
taken up in the reading of the report of
the president, which is an instructive but
lengthy document. It shows the total
number of members to be 19,843; net gain
for the year, 1405; number of lodges In
stituted, 14; number of lodges May 10,
1902, 251.
The twelfth annual session of the Re
bekah Assembly of tne Independent Order
of Odd Fellovrs cf California opened yes
terday morning in Memorial Hall of tt\e
Odd Fellows' building, with President
Mrs. Nellie Michell' and all the grand
officers in attendance. Three hundred
delegates, two hundred cf whom had
never before attended a session of the
assembly, were present. These, with
nearly two hundred past noble grands, re
ceived the assembly degree, the largest
number upon which the degree has been
conferred at any one time.
It is barely possible that the warnings of science
might keep people away from danger in the volcano
lands, and this awful tragedy may help toward that
end, but the fact remains that up to this time no
warning and no experience have kept men from pass
ing the danger line.
The destruction of St. Pierre on Martinique, and
of other" towns by the volcanoes of the lesstr An
tilles, is a recent and awful warning to stay on the
right side of nature's danger line. This generation
will heed it. St. Pierre will not rise from its ashes
now. But by and by men will forget. The sides of
Pelee will again bear forests and birds will sing
there and tinkling water will trickle down the path
that was trodden by fire, and when a large population
has grown at the base of the mountain, some day
when all are busy with work and affairs, or some
night when all are at pleasure, Pelee's fiery banner
will shoot skyward and, falling, enfold all life and
recreate the desolation in which it made the island
originally and in which for ages it has built on and
added to the original plan.
It is so with the dwellers in volcano lands. Ve
suvius had belched lava long before the time of
Romulus and Remus. The volcano had probably
been an island originally, but emitted the material
that built it on to the mainland, lengthening the
peninsula. Eighteen hundred years ago men had for
gotten that the fiery mountain was destructive and
they had built Herculaneum and Pompeii at its base.
In one night they were buried so completely that
their graves were forgotten. The volcano spread over
them fifty feet of hct ashes, and their homes and
temples, theaters, baths and galleries were smitten
from the sight of men, to make no sign for. nearly
twenty centuries. Now homes are built up the
slopes of Vesuvius and cities spring at its base. But
some time they will surely join Herculaneum and
Pompeii.
Nature is persevering and persistent. Where she
has once set her danger signal it is Well for man to
be careful. In the valley of. the Rhone were vast an
cient floods, but these had so long ceased that cities
were built down to the water's edge and hundreds
of thousands of people planted and dwelt where, once
the water had rolled in a destructive flood. Sud
denly the flood, absent more than a century, came
again, and cities were washed away, hundreds were
drowned and thousands made homeless. The water
shed of the Rhone had not changed. When there
fell upon it the same amount of rain that fell to make
the ancient floods they were sure to come again, and
it fell and they came: Another century or two may
pass before another Rhone flood, but it will come,
and if people meantime forget and go carelessly over
nature's danger line they will suffer.
The islands have always strongly appealed to the
imagination of man, and the high cones of the vol
canoes that built them are among their attractions.
The forests climb far up these slopes and farms and
gardens hang upon their acclivities, all presenting^
picture of peace and happiness. But there is no
guarantee that the force that made the foundation for
it all was spent in its creation. The most persistent
volcanoes in the world are either insular or penin
sular. The craters on island groups are the aptest
to erupt. •
*T-iHERE is really no guarantee against the per-
I sistence of nature. A majority of the islands
•*• of the sea are of volcanic origin. The internal
forces of the earth expel and throw out material un
til the mass rises above the water and the great
chimney continues supplying matter until its over
flow makes a roomy island. The eruption ceases.
The mass cools, the lava cracks and breaks, the sun
and rain join in reducing it until the soil appears
of supporting vegetable life, and finally the
vast tumuli formed by volcanic action become beau
tiful spots, fertile and verdant. They attract man,
and he lives upon land that was once fire, and where
molten hell dashed waves of flame as high as the
swells of the ocean a paradise is in bloom and homes
are built and children play in the perfumed air.
ODD FELLOWS
REVIEW WORK
OF LAST YEAR
ANCIENT ORDER
OF FORESTERS
HOLD SESSION
CONVOCATION
OF REBEKAHS
OF CALIFORNIA
in this State is just as divided as that of Texasion all
questions of the time, but it is also just as hungry
for the spoils of victory. .If! the. Republicans should
make a blunder that wo'tjid alienate the independent
vote, or cause any. considerable discontent among
the rank, and file, Democracy would be prompt to
profit by it. Such a political folly' as the renomina-
tion of Gage, for example, would render the defeat
of the party almost a certainty. It is that fact which
makes the action of the Herrin bosses so portentous
at this time. If they and their henchmen should suc
ceed in dominating, the Republican State Convention
the camp of the allied party would be reinforced by
many another ally and the Republican party be cor
respondingly weakened..
VOLCANO LANDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEMESDAY; MAY 14, 1902.
The Philharmonic Society will give its
next concert at Metropolitan Hall on the
evening of May* 23.^ Guilio . Minetti, the
well known violinist, "will act as leader
The - affair : will . be , strictly invitational'
The society was organized in 1877 under
the leadership of Herman Brandt and is
supported largely by the annual subscrip
tion of the musical people of thiscity. ,'<
Philharmonic Society's Concert.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS— P. F
City. The following is the ' list of the
fleet of the French Transatlahtique line
giving name of vessel, tonnage, horse
power and length, breadth and depth in
consecutive order after each, name: La
Touraine, 9773 gross tons, 12,000 horse
power, 536 feet long, 55 breadth, 38 depth ;
La Gascogne, 7416, SCOO, 508, 52, 38; La
Champagne, 7110, 9000; 508, 51, 3S; La Bre
tagne,-7010, 9000, 508. 51, 3S; L'Aquitalne
10,000, 16,000, 520, 58, 38; La Lorraine and La
Savoie, each, 13.CO0, 22,000, 5S0, 60, 40. This
department cannot advertise which of the
line 'of steamers has the ' best furnished
cabins. •
6
Call anlmcrlber* contemplating m. cttantcm of
residence durlnjc the mmmer months can hure
tlieir paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦ ddremri by notifjinjf The Call Business Office.
Thia paper xvlll also be on sale at all inmmer
reiort* and Is represented or a local agrent In
all town* on tlie comt.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAY1KG TOWN FOR THE SDMHER
B.KATSCHINSKII
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, g
FOR SUMMER OUTINGS
Canvas Oxford Ties are particu-
larly adapted for summer wear.
Cool and easy on the feet, they give
perfect comfort and yet present a
.tidy appearance. This week we will
offer Ladies' Canvas Oxford Ties,
in white, tan or gray; turned soles,
with coin toes and tips; sizes 2H
to 8: widths B to K. REDUCED
TO SI A PAIR.
S J? e ££!, . 8ale of ladles', Misses'
and Children's Tan Kid Lace
Shoes with spring heels and coin
toes and tips: jj
Child's sizes 8*4 to 11. < I <m
Misses' sizes 11% -to 2.1 Ut "n
Ladles' sizes 2% to 6....JS;i*5b
A ¦ BIG STOCK OF LADIES*
RUBBER FISHING BOOTS and
outing shoes constantly on hand.
SeS| W ror 11 onef ate<i Catal ° ST3e iu3t °«-
Country orders solicited.
B. KATSCSINSX!,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO-
»O THIRD STREET,
San Francisco.Thompson "¦&', Carlson brought suit yes
terday" against the American Aerial Navi
gation Company for $27 25, alleged to be
due /for work and materials. A writ of
attachment > was • sued . out on a model ; of
an airship belonging- to the defendant and
located in St. Ann's building. Rather than
go : to court the airship company settled
the claim. ' ' , .
Another Airship Is Attached.
The, jury in the case of Charles Vande
veare brought: in a verdict yesterday of
burglary in the first degree. Vandeveare
is one of the four* bellboys charged with
breaking into the rooms of Mrs. Julius
Kruttschnitt in the Hotel Richelieu on
the night of March 13 and stealing about
$1200 worth of jewelry. Fred Reed and
Ray Clark pleaded guilty last week. Al
bert West, the fourth defendant, has not
yet been tried. '¦- : • : • .
Vandeveare Is Found Guilty.
Fully two hundred guests assembled
last Saturday to join in the festivities of
the eleventh class day at Hoitt's School.
The exercises consisted In the afternoon
of section work in the gymnasium, which
was well done, followed by a bountiful
and appetizing lunch served amid beau
tiful floral decorations.: Then came a
most interesting and amusing feature of
the day— a baseball game between the
school team and the alumni, which was
full, of fun and jollity. ; The schoolboys
won by a score of 16 to 9. The senior
dance in the evening, in which over one
hundred young people joined, was the
most successful in the history of the
school. The following-named gentlemen
compose the senior class: James W. Han
son Jr., Benjamin R. Saundera, Fred S.
Howell and Kesner Wylle. A large num
ber of the old graduates was present and
a committee was appointed from their
number • to draft a constitution and by
laws for the formation of an alumni as
sociation. ¦
1 B ' '"" - " ' ¦ 1,
Class' Bay at Hoitt's School.
'At the close of the regular monthly
meeting of the California Camera Club
held last night Arthur G. Pillsbury of Los
Angeles, who has traveled over the entire
Lake Tahoe country, exhibited a number
of the pictures which he took while on his
journey. Slides from the Colorado and
Minneapolis Camera clubs' were also, dis
played, and several musical selections
were rendered by Miss L. Gilligan and
Miss Cecelia Cellar. •
The regular monthly exhibition of the
club is to be held in Metropolitan Temple
Friday evening. May 16. On that occa
sion Rev. William A. Brewer of San Ma
teo will. lecture on the Grand Canyon of
Arizona. . •
Preparations -have been completed for
the two outings which are to be given
under the auspices or the club. On Satur
day afternoon, May 24, a party will visit
Monterey. The night and the following
day will be spent there., and the excur
sionists will return to this city Sunday
night. On June 7 many of the members
of the camera club and their friends will
leave for an outing at Yosemite Valley
and the Big Trees. They will remain un
til June 22. During the fifteen days' out
ing all the important scenes In the val
ley will be visited and the entire party
will camp for ten days at Camp Yosem
ite. Between thirty and forty members
have already signified ' their intention of
attending.
The ' following committees have been
named for the ensuing year:
House— J. R. Gwynn, a. L. Coombs and J.
Exhibition— B. G. Elsen, Charles A. Goe and
F. C. i Banes.
Auditing^H. T. Henning, E. J. Dollard and
1 H. L. - Byrne. . ¦-.¦.. ...-.¦¦•
Demonstration — G. K. White, H B Hosmcr
and L. M. Kaiser. * • nosraer
Lant?rn— A. G. McFarland, W. E. Goodrum
Dr. K. O. Steers, F. J. Clute and George
Kanzee. . " .
Printing— "W. E. Dassonville Dr. H. D'Arcv
Power. A. J. le Breton, I. O. Crosscup and
S. Purnell.
Election— W. A. Scott, C. S. Close' P J
Cluto, W. J. Street and W. O. Bacon
Outing— W. J. Street. H, B. Hosmer and
Oscar Maurer.
Electric— I. O. Crosscup, E. H. Junjr and
L. D. Hitzeroth. " 6 UUIi
Entertainment— Charles A. Goe. F. C Banes
and E. Saunders. .
Reception — J. J. L«rmen, I. O. Ctosscud E
E. Erbe, P. C. Banes, W. E. Goodrum J R_'
Gwynn, W. E. French, W. H. Depew a'nd'Dr
Thomas Fletcher. • ;
ings at Monterey and the
Yosemite Valley.
Preparations Are Completed for Out-
CAMERA CLUB HOLDS
PICTURE EXHIBITION
Petroleum in the Custom-House.
A telegTam of inquiry was received
from Washington, yesterday by Customs
Collector Stratton asking his opinion as
to the substitution of petroleum for coal
for heating and power in the Appraisers'
Building. The Collector replied that' he
heartily approved of the suggested
change.
Godchaux- further calls atttention to the
fact tha.t the business of his office has
grown enormously during his incumbency,
yet the appropriation has remained the
same. Only $1900 monthly is allowed for
copyists' salaries, yet the receipts of the
office average more than $3000 monthly,
says Godchaux.
"My office is more than self-sustaining,
yet the Board of Supervisors grudges us
a sufficient appropriation to pay copyists
a fair salary. I have been obliged to em
ploy twenty-six copyists to do the work
which is daily increasing. Under the
charter they are allowed 8 cents a folio
and each of them copies 1200 or 1500 folios
monthly, for which they receive but $72,
which reduces their compensation to 5 or
6 cents a folio. I do not think this is just
and my copyists are seeking work else
where because of the insufficient pay.
Theirs is really skilled labor because it
consists of using the book type-writing
machines, and I am afraid that I cannot
get competent men to replace them."
Recorder Edmond Godchaux fears that
the copyists intend to go on a strike be
cause the limited appropriation in this
year's budget has caused their salaries to
drop from $100 to $72 a month. Two copy
iVts have already sent in their resigna
tions—Paul Vlauntin and' Edward Healy.
Godchaux says that others will follow
their example unless the Board of Super
visors provides an increased fund so that
their salaries will reach the limit of $100
allowed by the charter. ,
Insufficient Appropria
tion for Salaries the
Reason.
Divorces were granted to Maebelle Bull
from M. Raymond Bull for desertion,
Ingeberg Muller, from Carl F. Muiler for
cruelty, May Alice Somers from Saul A.
Somers fqr neglect, Marensena Trinka
from G. A. Trinks for cruelty, Hannah L.
Rafferty from W. C. Rafferty for deser
tion, Mabel L. Nichols from James W.
Nichols for intemperance and Kate Per
kins from W. D. Perkips for failure to
provide.
Leander Cox, who was married last
February to Sarah Belle Cox, filed a suit
'for divorce yesterday, alleging that his
wife has treated him cruelly. He charges
that she promised to treat him with care
and affection, knowing that he was a suf
ferer from heart disease and partial par
alysis, but that instead she tormented
him by drinking to excess.
Alice Forrest is suing Edward Forrest
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide. They were married eight years
ago. ¦
A suit for divorce was filed by T. M.
Alexander against R. G. Alexander yes
terday. She alleges that since July, 1900,
when they were married at Salinas, Alex
ander has failed to provide for her.
Cruel Treatment by His Bride
• of a Pew Months.
Leander Cox Complains of Alleged
COPYISTS MAY
GO ON STRIKE
SAYS WIFE NEGLECTED ,
HIM' AFTER 3SARRIAGE
Steamer Ventura Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Ventura arrived last night at *):D"> from Austra
lia and immediately went into quarantine. The
Ventura had a pleasant voyage. She brings
15G cabin passengers. CO Fecond-c!ass passen
g-ers and 40 in the gteerajre.
BETROTHED
COUPLE ARE
ENTERTAINED
The Local Council of Women, a prom
inent woman's club, will meet at Century
Hall next Friday at 3 p. m. Miss Jean
Hamilton will lecture on "Club movement
among local women" and Mrs. Fred
erick Schoff and Mrs. S. R. Sarled will
also deliver addresses. AH women inter
ested in club matters are cordially in
vited to attend.
The first of a series of breakfasts on
board the Wisconsin was given last Fri
day by Mrs. Casey. The decorations were
yellow fleurs de lis. The guests were Cap
tain arid Mrs. Pond of Yerba Buena, Mr.
and Mrs. James Tucker, Dr. and Mrs.
Middleton and Admiral Casey.
The planting of trees in cities and
towns, the cleaning of streets and endeav
ors to secure statues and fountains to
ornament public places were some of the
objects which he pointed out as being
well within the province of women's work.
Loyalty to the interests of the State in
word and deed, courtesy to visiting stran
gers and individual effort to make known
among Eastern friends the many advan
tages the State offers to settlers were
urged.
The address was accorded much atten
tion.
Mr. Filcher's topic was "What the
Women of California Can Do to Assist
the Work of Development."
At the meeting of Laurel Hall Club held
on Wednesday last an address by J.. A.
Filcher, secretary and general manager
of the Board of Trade, was given under
the auspices of the civic section of the
club, which was the first of the local clubs
to take up the work of assisting in the
movement for the development of North
ern and Central California.
La Puerta del Oro Chapter, Daughters
of the American Revolution, will meet at
Century Hall, 1213 Sutt'er street, to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'clock to hear a patri
otic address to be delivered by Miss
Marion Howard Brazier.
Miss Sophia Pierce and her fiance, Dr.
E. E. Brownell, were among the guests
at a houee party given last week by the
parents of the groom-elect at Woodland,
'j/he other guests were Miss Eleanor Dav
enport and Mr. and Mrs. Tom Bishop.
Mrs. Lacy Goodrich was guest of honor
at a pretty informal luncheon given Mon
day at Belvedere to celebrate the second
anniversary of her marriage. Her hus
band is purser on the steamship Nippon
Maru.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
recommended last night that provision
be made to prevent further deficits in the
police pension fund by contributing threto
50 per cent of all pawnbrokers' licenses
collected instead. of 25 per cent, as h/ere
tcfore, and 10 per cent of all liquor li
censes instead of 7% per cent, Ex-Ser
geant W. D. Hensley and ex-Captain
Stone explained that the estimated deficit
for this year amounted to from $10,000 to
$15,000. It is believed that the increased
allowance will net the amount required.
Park Commissioner R. H. Lloyd ad
dressed the committee on behalf of the
request that the limit of 7 cents in taxa
tion allowed by the charter be recom
mended as the appropriation for park
purposes. Mr. Lloyd and Superintendent
McLaren explained that even then the
amount would be inadequate to carry
out certain planned improvements. The
utmost care would be taken to make a,
judicious use of the appropriation, which
is absolutely required on account of the
increased wages paid to laborers and the
fact that the water used in . the parka
was paid out of the fund, Mr. Lloyd
said. It was intended to erect a wind
mill near the life-saving station j which
will furnish the . water necessary for
Golden Gate Park, but the fourteen other
parks had to be provided for, he stated.
The request was taken under advise
ment.
Mr. Lloyd also stated that the United
Railroads had agreed to contribute $150
for each Sunday concert, so this amuse
ment will be continued.
The food, dairy and market inspectors
employed in the Health Department
pleaded for an increase in salary from
3>75 to $100 per month. The janitors peti
tioned that their wages be raised from
$2 50 per day to $75 per month; the guards
in County Jail No. 2 asked that their
salaries be fixed at $75 per month instead
of $50, and the ambulance drivers asked
to be raised from $65 to $75 per month.
The plumbing inspectors requested that
their salaries be raised from $100 to $125
per month. All the petitions were taken
under advisement, with the exception of
that of the ambulance drivers. It de
veloped that, though the last budget pro
vided for the payment of $75 monthly to
these drivers, the Health Board had, on
it3 account, paid them only $65. The
I committee recommended a resolution di
recting the Health Board to -pay to the
men the difference, which it holds they
have been unjustly deprived of
Edgar Painter, secretary of the North
Central Club, urged an appropriation of
$100,000 to repave accepted streets in the
business district. The committee ex
pressed itself in favor of the improve
ment, but postponed action thereon.
AXL-2TIGHT CAR SERVICE
MAY SOON BE ESTABLISHED
United Railroad Directors Have Not
Yet Taken Action in Appoint
ing Vining's Successor.
It !s expected that Inside of the next
"few weeks the United Railroads of San
Francisco will institute an all-night car
service. The directors of- the road are
now considering the matter.
"There is nothing new about the pro
posed owl service," said President Hol
land yesterday. "The directors will come
10 a decision, however, within a few
days."
The papers of Newark, N. J., recently
published a story to the effect that
George F. Chapman of that city, who
has charge of the streetcar systems
there, has resigned to accept -the posi
tion formerly held by Manager E. pi Vin
ing. President Holland stated yesterday
that the directors of the United Railroads
had as yet taken no action in appoint
ing Manager Vining's successor.
Blanchard Recital.
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard, the clever con
tralto, gave the first of two song recitals
last night at the First Unitarian Church,
under the auspices of the Channing Aux
iliary. A small but very enthusiastic au
dience greeted the charming singer in one
of the most attractive programmes of the
season. Perhaps Mrs. Blanchard was at
her best in the Brahms songs, the "Ruhe
Sussliebchen" being given with exquisite
intention and execution. Two Pergolesi
songs, "Ogni Pena Piu Spiettata" and
"Stizzoso, mio Stizzoso," were most pleas
ingly rendered, and the old English bal
lad, "The Three Ravens," was another
number that suited admirably both the
voice and sympathies of the singer. God
ard's "Reveillez-vous" elicited a hearty
encore and was graciously repeated. The
others of the group of French songs, two
of Delibes', were not quite so successful
Mrs. Blanchard closed , her programme
with a group of characteristic American
compositions, Including songs by Foote
Chadwick and Johns. The student of sing
ing and«lover of good songs cannot do
better than hear Mrs. Blanchard, who is
in the front rank of local vocalists. She
gives another excellent programme at the
same place on Saturday afternoon next
that will include Strauss, Franz, Brahms
Schubert and McDowell among its contri
butions. '
Gtet Your Suit To-Morrow.
To-morrow morning you can get for $3 So
a' neat stylish all-wool man's suit or
overcoat that is worth of any man's
money $15. Do not confound this clothing
with that offered by other dealers at
small prices. Hirschman Bros, of New
York never wholesaled their men's suits
for less than $10 a suit. Don't neglect to
attend thla sale— $5 85 for a . man's all
wool suit or overcoat. Who will miss to
morrow's clothing sale at the Lyceum,
915 Market St., opposite Mason?- ¦ •
Licenses of Restaurants.
The City Attorney advised the, Pollco
Commissioners yesterday . that in his
judgment the Board of Police , Commis
sioners has power to issue a permit to
sell liquor to the malnager of, a corpora
tion organized for the purpose 'of conduct
ing a restaurant business, when t such;
manger has been duly; authorized by the
corporation to apply for and ho v « jaaued
in hlB' name such permit.
Higher Allowance, From
Licenses Favored by
Supervisors,
YOUNG SAN FRANCISCO ACT
OR WHO HAS BEEN EN
GAGED BY FROHMAN.
Kecommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for a special high school life diploma in
the subjects of freehand drawing, wood carv
ing and clay modalinz. Miss Marea Van Vleck.
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion lor grammar school life diplomas — Miss Jo
senhine A. O'I>eii. Miss Margaret L. Dunn,
Mrs. Clara F. Starke, Mies Pauline Dworza
zek and Miss Veronica Harrold.
The Garneld school, which is near the
Lafayette School, on Teiegraph Hill, is
unabie to accuminodate the overflow, as
it is also in bad condition in regard to
proper accommodations. One of the
classes contains sixty-five pupils, qf
which ten were setting on settees. Simi
lar conditions prevailed throughout the
school. Webster says if the compulsory
euueation law were enforced there are
children enough to till up four schools In
that section.
The examination of pupils who desire
to take advantage of the Hochstadter be
quest fund will take place next Satur
day in the office of the Superintendent.
The following named were recommend
ed for teachers' certificates to the. Board
of Education by the City Board of Ex
amination yesterday:
Grammar school certificate, Miss Sadie A.
kindergarten primary certificates, Miss Mar
garet S Koberts and Miss Kmma G. Brooks.
Grammar trade certmcates — Misses Cecelia
Friedlander, May I. Geary, Annie O' Sullivan,
Adelaide Casamayou, May O'Brien, A. A.
Breese Reve Mci-eely, Mary G. Kyne, Eliza
beth C. Fleming, Lucille O'Connell, Estelle K.
Davidson. Florence Davis. Lillian Mahon,
.Emelie Cerf and Mrs. M. G. "Watson.
Primary certificate renewed. Miss Kate La
fcaney.
Permanent cranunar school certificates —
Misses Edith M. Boyle, Mary Barrett, Joseph
ine A. O'Neil, Martha M. Carew, Pauline
Dworzazek, Elizabeth O' Sullivan, Charlotte V.
Hunt, Helen M. Kutherlord, Hose Murdoch,
Johanna Barnickel, Julia G. Maher, Mary T.
McDonnell. Essie G. Phillips.
Permanent primary certiilcate. Mrs. Kate
Turney.
Special permanent drawing certificate of the
hiKh school grade, Jarnee J. Schmit. . .
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion fcr a high school life diploma, Miss Alice
Marcheabout.
Miss Casey of the Lafayette School in
formed Webster that she had a waiting
list of forty pupils.
Superintendent Webtser visited the La
fayette and Garneld schools yesterday
and found evidence to corroborate Di
rector Roncovieri's statement made to
the Supervisors' Finance Committee that
there are waiting lists of pupils who can
not be accommodated at some of the
schools.
There is some .elation in the Pardee
camp over the report that George M.
Reed has come out openly for the doctor.
Other acquisitions will be necessary to
unify the Republicans of Alameda on the
gubernatorial question; but the Athenians
of the Pardee column welcome Reed to
their ranks. „ , '.
State Senator Thomas Selvage of Hum
boldt, candidate for the Republican nomi
nation for Congress in the Klrst District,
arrived in this city yesterday.
The Forty-first Assembly District Cen
tral Republican Club, Horace Davis pres
ident, will meet this evening In' Steimke
Hall, on Octavia street, between Green
and Union. Important business will be
transacted.
This evening the Union League Club
will informally receive Governor Odell of
New York. It is understood that speech
making will be limited to a few words of
welcome to the Governor and whatever
he desires to say in . reply to the greet-
Yesterday Governor Odell was the guest
of Mayor Schmitz in a drive to the ocean
through Golden Gate Park.
DR. PARDEE'S RECRUIT.
President E. H. Harriman ia recognized
throughout the country as a business man
who possesses remarkable powers of pen
etration. It would be interesting to know
if he has discerned during his sojourn in
California any reason why 'the railroad
which he directs should have a favored
candidate for Governor of the State. Un
questionably Mr. Harriman has the right
as a free and intelligent American citi
zen to size up all our candidates — to judge
of their moral worth and physical attri
butes — but his individual preference
should not constitute corporative indorse
ment. The State has a large quota of
shrewd lawyers and political rounders
who have derived much sustenance from
the Southern Pacific payroll. They con
vinced some of President Harrlman's pre
decessors that the public was hostile* to
the Southern Pacific, and that their serv
ices were needed at the Legislature and
State conventions, and in politics gener
ally, to protect the property of the com
pany.. To create a demand for their serv
ices they have had "cinch" bills intro
duced in the Legislature and have suc
ceded in getting money from the com
pany's treasury to defeat such bills. At
tempts may be made to play the old
game on President Harriman. If the
president will study the situation care
fully he will ascertain that the people are
not opposed to his company. Neither po
litical party is threatening to tear up his
rails. The chief danger that now confronts
the Southern Pacific is that W. F. Herrin
of the law department will use the com
pany's money and prestige to control
State nominating conventions. As Herrin
is so fond of politics, why should it not
be suggested that he resign his position
as political manager- of the company and
enter the field in person as a candidate
for Governor? The Democrats who are
looking around for a suitable candidate
might be willing to accept him as their
standard-bearer.
HARRIMAN'S OPPORTUNITY.
The sub-committee having the work of
apportionment in hand is composed of
George Stone, W. M. Cutter, W. S. Wood,
A. • B; Lemmon, E.' C. Hart and Jacob
Steppacher. Careful calculation has been
found necessary, especially in Assembly
districts where certain precincts are
within the limits of a city to which the
primary election law directly applies and
other precincts beyond such limits. In
these cases the principle of precinct regiSr
tration is recognized. Leading members
of the State Central Committee are op
posed to the machine system of appoint
ing delegates, and it is believed that the
recommendation for primaries will be
adopted. County conventions composed of
delegates chosen at primary election may
be empowered to elect delegates, but the
right "of Count y Committees to appoint
will doubtless be challenged. County con
ventions springing directly from the peo
ple through the agency of the primary
may meet shortly after August 12, elect
delegates to the State convention and
then adjourn to meet in September for
the purpose of nominating county offi
cers. In most of the counties, however,
the practice of electing delegates to the
county convention at the same time State
delegates are elected will be followed. A
large convention, coming directly from
the people, seems to be the demand of
thu Republican party. The bosses have
apparently abandoned the programme of
packing the State convention with dele
gates appointed by push County Com
mittees.
WORK OF APPORTIONMENT.
The Republican State Central Committee
will meet in this city Saturday, • May 24,
to fix the time and place for holding the
State Convention. Sacramento will doubt
less be chosen as the place, because the
capital city possesses so many facilities
for a large convention. The State Fair
will not open until September 9, hence the
Agricultural Pavilion can be used prior to
September 5. Members of the sub-com
mittee, who were appointed to propose a
call tor the convention, will report to the
executive body Friday, May 23, but it Is
understood that the date of holding the
convention will be left blank. The point
at jssue is whether the delegates should
be called to assemble on August 25 or Sep
tember 1. This question will be settled
by the general committee on May 24.
Two plans on apportionment will also be
submitted to the State Committee. One
allows a delegate for every . 250 Republi
can votes cast at the general election in
1800. The other permits a delegate, for ev
ery 200 Republican votes cast at the same
election. Should the first be adopted 33
the basis of representation, the conven
tion "will consist, of 694 members. Should
the latter be accepted there will be 865
delegates. The basis of 250 votes gives
San Francisco 141 and Los Angeles 76
delegates. The basis of 200 gives San
Francisco 178 and Los Angeles 96.
The dead man was a brother of W. J.
Brady, proprietor of the Eureka Boiler
Works. 113-115 Mission street, and lived
at Harriet and Bryant streets. He had
been a boilermaker but retired some years
ago and was living on the money he had
saved. He was 75 years of age.
John Brady, the old man who was
brutally . kicked on the head by Arthur
Terry in -a cell at the City. Hall Branch
Prison on Monday afternoon, died at
the Emergency Hospital about 7
o'clock yesterday morning, and the
body . was removed • to the Morgue.
The autopsy showed that there were
thirteen gashes in the old man's scalp,
varying from a auarter of an inch to
five inches in length, and that death
was caused by concussion of the brain.
Terry .was booked on a charge of murder
and was instructed and arraigned before
Judge Cabanisa and the case continued
till to-morrow.
Brady was arrested on Fourth street by
Policeman J. A. Ryan for being drunk
about 2 o'clock Monday afternoon. Terry
was arrested on Market street by Police
man P. J. Mitchell for disturbing the
peace about an hour later. He was vio
lent when taken to prison and fought
with the officer while being searched.
Booking Officer H. G. White succeeded in
pacifying him and he walked willingly to
the cell, where the old man had been pre
viously placed. He stretched himself on
the wooden bench in the cell and Police
man J. Phelan, who was on duty at the
prison, thought he was going to sleep.
About ten minutes later Phelan remark
ed to White that he thought he heard a
noise as if some one had fallen in the cell.
Phelan walked to the cell and saw Brady
lying on the floor with his head covered
with blood. Phelan called to White and
White sent Brady to the Emergency Hos
pital in the patrol wagon.
All that Terry would say was that
Brady had attacked him and he had to
defend himself. He is a cabinetmaker, 25
years of age, and powerfully built. It Is
supposed that in his. ugly temper he
pleked a quarrel with the inoffensive old
man, knocked him down and kicked him
into unconsciousness.
A bold and unscrupulous trick of Letson
Eaiiitt, whose "bubble" mining schemes
have enriched him at the expense of gulli
ble peopie.was exposed in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesierday afternoon.
On May 1 Balliet swore to a complaint
before Judge Cabaniss accusing his for
mer bookkeeper ana stenographer, Mrs.
Alice D. Young, with felony embezzle
ment, fche left nis employment in Decem
ber and he said that upon examining the
books of the White Swan Mines Company
be had discovered a shortage of $365.
Mrs. Young is a material witness
r.galnst Balliet in a case to be heard
against him on May IS in the Federal
court nt Des Moines. Iowa, for using the
mails for fraudulent purposes, and it was
surmised then that his object in swear
ing against Mrs. Young was to discredit
lier as a witness against him. It has now
Ueveloped that his object was even worse
than simply discrediting her.
At the time the warrant was issiied
Mrs. Young was living in Los Angeles
and when she learned of the charge made
against her she became hysterical and it
eo preyed upon her mind that she became
ill and was confined to bed. She con
sulted Attorney Rogers of that city and
as the time was approaching for her to
leave for Des Moines, Rogers advised her
to come to this city and face the charge
against her. She was still suffering, but
bravely decided to go through the ordeal.
Accompanied by Attorney Rogers Mrs.
Young reached this city yesterday morn
ing and called at the United States Dis
trict Attorney's office. Assistant United
States District Attorney McKinley went
with her to District Attorney Byington's
office and explained that Balliet had
eworn out the warrant for Mrs. Young's
arrest, so that when she left the State
lor Des Moines he would have her ar
rested and extradited, thereby preventing
her from giving her testimony against
him. Balliet left this city last Wednes
day for Des Moines, taking with him all
his books and papers.
These facts were explained by Assistant
District Attorney Hanley to Judge Caba-
Tiiss and after Mrs. Young had been for
mally booked at the City Prison, she was
taken before the Judge, instructed and
arraigned and the case dismissed on mo
tion of the District Attorney. Mrs. Young
left for Des Moines on yesterday after
noon's train.
His Assailant, Arthur Terry,
Is Arraigned on Charge
of Murder.
Board of Examination Rec
ommends Many Teachers'
Certificates.
She Will Be a Material Wit
ness Against Eim in Des
Moinea
NO MORE POLICE
PENSION DEFICIT
He will remain In this city for the next
three months, after which he will go to
New York to enter upon his engagement.
day and was given a warm wel
come by his parents and friends. Young
Merle has been absent from this city for
the last two years. He has just completed
a very successful course at the American
Academy of Dramatic Arts. He carried
off the highest honors and Charles Froh
man, the famous theatrical manager,
paid a tribute to young Merle's ability
by engaging him. to play in the Maude
Adams Company. .
Mr. Merle is a graduate of St. Ignatius
College. He finished his education in the
Polytechnic High School. Having always
shown a talent for theatricals his parents
assisted him to fulfill his ambition to be
come an actor by sending him to New
York. He took a course in the American
Academy of Dramatic Arts and was later
admitted as a member of the American
Academy Stock Company.
MARTIN VASSEROT MERLli/
the talented son of L.. V. Merle,
a well known merchant of this
city, arrived home last Thurs-
Chance for Herrin to Become
Democratic Nominee
for Governor.
Sub- Committee Figuring
Out Apportionment
Webster Notes Lack of
Accommodations in
the Schools.
Aged John Brady Di6S
Without Regaining
/ Consciousness.
Charge of Embezzlement
Against Mrs. Young
Is Dismissed.
FINDS WAITING
LIST OF PUPILS
BIG CONVENTION
OF REPUBLICANS
FATALLY KICKED
IN PRISON CELL
BALLIET'S TRICK
SIGNALLY FAILS
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
Martin V. Merle Returns From New York With
Honors Achieved in the American Academy of
Arts-Well Known in This City as a Student
FROHMAN ENGAGES HIM TO PLAY
IN THE MAUDE ADAMS COMPANY
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
One Dollar a Week,
Make it easy to be well dressed.
128 EllfS St.AbovcPoseH
C o f £ c c
P.ichvest
Plavored
Coffee
Crown
SO & Pound • • • Phone Bujk 5 1 O
THC KONA KOFFEE K0MPANY
Sole Agents J
H5 StOCktOn St. nearGearySt
OPP. City of P*ri« Dry Goods Company
f& FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEM.
f3> CHICHESTER'S CNCUSH
fzmmm&i pills
t\ _/T v — v yrljjln»l and Only Cfaclne.
P'JV^LJ'^S.SArE. Alw«p»rn:»fcl«. LttdltM, «* Brsr r<*
f- fi CftflL ** CHldHlSSTElVS ENGLKH
*J-n -^Yj«3 with blot rttbon. Tiilcto otfcar. BefkiM
T?1 *«.jj T>a«ccr«*s MiIwIUkUo** wi tmltm-
I / ~ fo • '¦"*>*• B«7 *f too- r.ruKrist. or ml -It: <B
I •» Jg «mm fer Ptrtlrulin, ToHnaalftU
\» £I> to i " Kellef tor I.nd 1 tm." vn letfr. t>/ r*.
If tmrm MnlU 1 «.«<»» l«Umcn.»i-_ fioMbi
— ""/ »T1 DrssEii'i. Ch'.rhftr-r t'Mt-t leal Co.,
temicL tUf invw. tiaOact. S««*re, VUl.Ji,* f£,
RUPTURE]
Ti^V^^3<a6%CraED by Dr.Pierce'g «
|^^^^O3ffi©^K«-ECTKIC TKI'SS M
I C-'vry^'r^ iCothinelikcit. Comfort &«|
I 1 ""^ Il&* < eecarityl A Perfect Retainer, /pa
1 fjtfx A, Ifc doe < *"• workl B3^ Call or Iggj
A, /J*J\ "'rite today for " booklet KO. I.** A^M
%«g/ Address: MjQSftlcE.TrcSSCo^ ft^M
20o Post Street, Sun Francisco, Ca.1. tV?i%
Or 33 W. ZiSn St.. Kev Ycri, Itettion tbU Paper Ufia
'£8^ WOxNG WOO,
Cj CHINESE TEA AND HER3
ijU / SANITARIUM.
J|p* 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
A J ' L DWKASES CURED
'0-Zv.ljL.dti* *» exclusively by Chiness
berbe, over S000 varieties being: used. Hours,
V/M to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
._ -Hjr2K* fc *5r>i. mt BJ K OIii uon-j»!Boaotw
retr.eiiy for Goaorrhcaa-
Giott . Spertnatorrh'oea,
MgiSr CURES >&a VVMtci. oanaturaldiai
/(Kjarinltu 5 -iij«. t.A ' or aur ititimsii.-
Mj^s ijzm-vti to ** livz, irritttion cr ulcera-
wi m Jj ?'rcvc-t coi.itfc.oc. tion of mncom snezn*
fe^'^FMvoPHFuiri.Pi braneB - Ken-astringent.
O5J OT eent la plain wrapper,
T&K^i**, c - s>A ->sS3 fcy express, prepaid, for
« !0 °. or a bottles, «2.75.
1 a Circular eeat oa reauwrt.
- - . ¦ . -. *
tit.CtlA.NA.'. UROa.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
D 13 TT C 0 17 C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DnU JliljJ e rs- bootblacks, bath-
UIIUWHUW houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
ctablemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tajlors, etc
Telephone Main 0S3,
Residence, £21 California tit., below PowelL
Residence Telephone. Jamea 1501.
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Bide.
*m l T3 «r 'BTV Reds . Chairs. Stoves, Etc.
/¦ A RlFt d § Tents for Rent and for Sale.
I'M IWH U-* Guns - Hints, Fishins: Tackle
8 . / Vj I W IS m and Sporting Goods. Send
V& JLM. Ll M £L for Catalogue. SHREVE &
UAKIJEK CO.. 73d Market
i . Et, and Cll Kearny it
>gE^OEWEY,STRQNG &CO><*g?^.
MARKET ST. S.F. >teS^
A, car-load of Cook Bookir
hail just arriveil from Chicago
and they are ready, for distri-
bution at the lmaiuean office
of thin paner.' AH Call *nb-
¦criliers are entitled to a copy
of. this icreat Cook Book! at
the- premium price of fifty
cents.. .: ¦ ' v ,. >',
• An f additional charge of SO
cent* to pay expreniage will
be required from ont at town
subscribers ordering? by wall.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOKBOOKS
DA2TDBTJFF WON'T WASH OUT.
The Germ That Causes- It Has to Be
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
week scouring her scalp, thinking scrub-
bing off the scurf will cure 'the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40 years,
she has spent 2G0 days of 12 hours each,
or two-thirds of a year of her life in that
vain hope; vain because you can't cure
dandruff without killing the dandruff
germ, and the only hair preparation .on
earth that will do that is Newbro's
"Herpicide" — also a delightful hair dress-
ing and thorough antiseptic against all
contagion from use of other's hair
brushes.
k visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
$BUSEBEI OF ANAT8BY*
Q mB 1K1 X4SUT ST. fctt. t±kTX B.P.W. i
\ ]Cg Tbe Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
At ,i if- ,. World, weaknesses or any contracted A
L P&5a#9 *se»--e l»o»Ulw«ly ctI r«dt>ytheolde»t T
© fl]S*Lt3 1 b P eailllit on lhe Coast- Eit. 36 years. ©
$ §Wrh DR * JQRDAH -DISEASES OF MEN Q
1 B W^^W Consultation free and stiirtly private. \
V R Jt#<S£IS Tre » tlr « n t perionslly or by litter. A A
f H fir P| B Potitin Cure in e»ery case undertaken. T
hi' 11 ll& Write for Book. PBILOSUPDYcf A
" I I "AitnUGE. MAILED FREE. (AY
A tl /J' valuable book for nra) \
9 D II. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market tit.. S. F. Y
AMUSEMENTS*
Tl^ilorMade wJM
* sat isfactory fcli'rl.ijj!^^
kind. The suits Ji^iiMJljW
ye make are high Ij^j'H-jllg \
class in every par- [i;i¥ \!M J
ticular. They \|jj[ VM
have style, dash |-j. v| ,
and durability. j| ! ; ( |l|
Our new summer >if Ltf'
suitings are all gy* \|[
beauties. >7
MATINEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY. May IV
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
VAUDEVILLE NECTAR!
Lew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Mile.
Chester's Statue .Dog; Kelly and
Kent; Raymond and Caverly; Hil-
da. Thomas and Company; The
Florenz Troupe; The Biograph, and
Last Week of Julia Heinrlch.
EVENINGS AT" 8 SHABP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
A DELJGHTFCI* ENTERTAINER IS
THE
SINGING GIRL
YOU CAN'T AFFORD TO MISS IT.
THURSDAY, MAY 15 — MACHINISTS' NIGHT
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
EVERY NIGHT— THE BIGGEST HIT TET.
America's Greatest Author-Actor
EDU/ARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harrisan's Clever Comedy,
"Reilly and the 400."
One of the Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 60c. TOO.
Good Orchestra Seata All Matinees. 23c
Next "Week— "WAPDY GOOQAN."
COLOSSI Bill IEABL13THEAT3J
Powell st., near Market.
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
AND AGAIN ON SATURDAY.
CHARLES i'ROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
Ana His Company,
In HIS GREATEST SUCCES3.
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
By Kobert Marshall, author of "A Royal Fimily."
nniPCC Evenings, $2. $1 50, $1. 75c. 50c. 23a
rlvlLEj Matinees, $1 EO. $1, 75c, 50c. 25c.
1LT* mssn tsn hjua
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Greatest Melodrama of the Century,
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Spec-
tacular Effects Unsurpassed.
Next Friday Evening — Testimonial Benefit to
ANNETTE MARSHALL.
Seats on Sale.
tDTfEC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c. 50o
inlcCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23o
Next Week— "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
First appearance here of MISS FANNY
McINTYRE.
TO-NIflHT ALL THIS
• ••• A U niUH 1 9 WEEK ••••
USUAL BIG HOUSES — Charming Performance
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Company — Presenting Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama,
ARISTOCRACY
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW. I
25c AND 50c. • j
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY. j
25c, 35c, 50c, 75c. ' ? I
Next— Sunday, May 17,
THE NEILL COMPANY will present Augrustia
Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
SEATS THURSDAY;
'A«fcftSf*B
THIS WEEK ONLY.
LAUGH AND LOSE YOUR TROUBLES BX
SEEING V,j ;
/&*§5\ MATINS*
/ Cl/T 1 SATURDAY
FARCE I /iL I
\** CjTjl ft\\ AND
COMEDY. V5^^ JrJI
\Ql)&y SUNDAY.
PRICES— Evenings. 15c. 25c, S3e, BOe. T5fc
Matinees. 15c. 23c, 35c and 60c. All Reserrtd.
Next Monday— THE BRIXTON BURGLARY.
I FISCHER'S THEATER
f '
CyFarrell, bet. Stockton and Powell «a>
Telephone Main 231.
IF 5 * not
H/W/E SEEN
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
THEN WHY NOT?
Everybody In the City Is Going to Se» It.
And When You Come Once You'll Want to
Come Again.
KOLB, DILL, BERNARD, BLAKE HERM-
SEN, AMBER, COLEMAN, KELLAR and
HOPE. EMERSON and the best chorus any-
where.
Matinees on Saturday and Sunday, 25c.
Every night for 25c and 50c. Children at
Matinees, 10c.
Look Out for the- Next Sensation.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
WILTON BROTHERS; HOSTE BROTHERS:
THE CLIPPER QUARTET; GORMAN AND
KEPPLER: PETCHING BROTHERS;
QRANT AND GRANT AND NEW MOVINO
PICTURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BEAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
LADIES' HURDLE SACK RACE.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Sc^
Phone for Seats— -Park 23. '
potonrt Desirable location.
1 UlflvV unsurpassed cuisine,
* ¦. - . unequaled set-
ofin vice and modem
tlllU ' conveniences are the
n attributes that have
lirfltin made these two ho-
\1 111 UU tels popular with
. tourists and travel-
llULwld Francisco.
C The i|
The most wonder-
I ful instrument the
world has ever known
, is the Knabe piano.
Musicians the world
over are indorsing it '
and using it. Perfect
in every detail of the
I piano - maker's art.
I Not an experiment,
I but a time-tried in^
£trument.
The Knabe will
serve you a lifetime,
it will serve as a mem-
ory to you after you
ire gone, it will serve
for . more than one
generation and it will
serve you well.
The Knabe to pi-
anos is as gold is to
metals, the standard
to judge by. Nothing
• better, none quite so
good as the peerless
Knabe.
I . Store News.— We have
| no second-hand Knabes at
present; they are very hard
to get; a Knabe once sold is
I always kept. But we have
a Weber for $125, a 'Trow- I
bridge upright for $173, and
many other bargains.
Clearing out used pianos. ';"¦'.
'^^^ l?J Z8 = O-|rlar Jl r : e l l l L "st^"
i\eo4~Stoctc.tot\ Se. S.nMEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE
OF ARRANGEMENTS HAVING
CHARGE OF EAGLES' OUTING.
ANGELS CAMP, May 13.— Frank Baci
galupl, 86 years" of age, living at
Dogtown, went out for a :walk\on Sun
day. He did not come back and no trace
of him .was found until to-day, when his
body was found ; floating In Dogtown
Creek. It. is- not' known whether. he' fell
into the creek or committed suicide. He
had lived in this county since ' 1S40. -
Aged Man Drowns . in Creek.
CHICAGO, May 13.— Ole Oleson of Chi
cago and Joe Flaherty of Boston fought
six hard rohuds to a draw here. . The con
test took place before the Twenty-second
Ward Athletic Club.
Olc P. Oleson as a Boxer.
. The matter will be taken before the
Grand Jury. ' Levings will. also -be called
upon to explain why he called on Mrs.
Darling and what transpired ' at her
house at the next meeting of the Police
Commissioners. .
I never authorized Levings to call upon Mrs.
Darling and as a matter of . fact I did not
know that he : was working on the co«j until
he came personally to me with his troubles.
That was the night that he visited Mrs. Darl
ing's house and the two men walked Into* the
room on him while he was talking to the
woman. That Is all I know about the case,
but now that it has been brought out in such
a prominent manner I ¦ intend to brine, out
everything in tbe whole transaction. I will
lin-1 out who is telling the truth — Mrs. Darl
ing or Levings. In this matter justice will bf
done.
'I -intend to investigate the matter to the
very bottom and if he is guilty he will be
punished. I have had a full statement from
Levings and I Intend to get a transcript of the
proceedings in court.
actions with Mrs. Darling or whether or not
the womr.n and her friends are trying to -job
Policeman Levin;;s. ¦ .¦
CASE GOES TO GRAND JURY.
SACRAMENTO, May 13.— The track at
Agricultural Park to-day was wet and
the mudlarks were happy. Notwithstand
ing the unsatisfactory < condition ' of the
track tho horses ran well to form and
there were no startling 1 surprises. The
attendance was better than on the open
ing day and the betting was heavy.
Summary:
First race, four furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward, selling, purse $125:
Talma, 113 (Burlingame), 6 to 1 1
Gypsy Boy, 110 (Kelly), 8 to 1 2
Ellis Glenn, 111 (Frawley). 8 to 5 i)
• Time, :51.
Prestonjan, Corncake. Tiollta, Little Gun and
Theron also ran.
Second race, four furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse $125 :
Tom Mitchell, 115 (Kelly), 2 to 1 1
Amoruna, 115 (C. Ross), 7 to 5 2
Clarlnette, 115 (See), even 3
Time, :51i/ 2 .
Montezuma and Ella E also ran.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, four-year
olds and upward, selling, purse $100:
Alicia, 111 (Frawley), 2 to 1. 1
Loyal S, 109 (See). 73 to 5... 2
San Venado, 116 (Gulterez), 3 to 1... 3
Time, 1:56.
Windward and Lodestar also ran.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and upward, • selling, purse $125:'
Mike Rice. Ill (Tullst), 7 to 10 1
Gold Baron. Ill (Bell). 10 to 1 2
Casdale, 111, 10 to 1..... 3
Time, 1:34%.
Bogus Bill, Catherine Bravo, Sam Green,
Major Hooker, Billisla, Monda and - Idalette
also ran. ' • .
Fifth race, six furlongs, for three-year-olds
and upward, Belling, puree $125:
Maresa, 111 (See), 8 to 5... -T 1
Fine Shot, 109. (Poyorena). 10 to 1. ........... 2
Bassenzo, 104 (Burlingame), 4 to 5.'... .:.... 3
Time. 1:17%. t
~ Discovery, Bagdad, Dawson . and Clarando
also ran. " ¦
Sacramento Track.
Horses Run Well to Form on the
INNING FOR THE MTTDLARKS.
Conditions Governing- the Award of
Prizes for Best Batsman and
. Bowler Are Agreed Upon.
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held yesterday afternoon Vice
President Captain John Metcalf e was in
the, chair and the delegates of the ATa
meda and Pacific clubs were present. A
handsome pennant of blue and white silk,
embroidered in two shades of blue, with
the words "California Cricket Association,
Champions 1901, Alamedas," was presented
by Captain Metcalfe to H. W. Brown. The
latter received it on' behalf of the Ala
meda Cricket Club, which made the high
est percentage last season. The donor of
the pennant, which was in the colors of
the winning club, was Edward Brown
president of the association. '
?2H w w 3 ann< >unced that Captain John
Mtstcalfe and Vice President 1. W Beak
bane have offered prizes to the associa
tion to be awarded at the end of the" pres
ent season to trfe players making the
highest averages In bowling and batting
It was decided that in order to be elieibi«
for the batting prize members of a citv
club must have played in at least six In
nings and members of country clubs in
not less than four innings. In order tn
be eligible for the bowling prize a mem
ber of one of the city clubs must have
taken part in at least six Innings and have
captured not less than twenty-four wick
ets, while a member of a country ' club
must have participated in at least four
innings and have taken not fewer than
fifteen wickets. .
by foul.
Denies the Story.
I immediately visited the Hall of Justice
and briefly Informed you of the facts as above
related and was Instructed by you to proceed
with the prosecution of the case regardless of
any threatsr
The first calling of the cass was on Wednes
day, Mav 1. in Department 1 of the Police
Court, Judge E. P. Mogan. At the request of
Crothers' attorney, Judge Salomon, the hear
ing was continued until to-day. At the calling
of tbe case to-day Charles A. Low appeared
for the defendant. I produced all of the wit
nesses for the prosecution and made out a per
fect case against the defendant. n
The defense produced one witness, J. M.
Clemens, one of the two men who entered the
room in Mis. Darling's house, as before re
lated, and he" testified that I had offered to
"equare" the case for $150, 'of which amount
$50 was to go to the Judge. He asserted that
he had heard this offer made by me to Mrs.
Darling while listening behind a door in an
adjolninc room.
At the "time Clemens alleges that I made this
offer Crothers' case had not been assigned to
any court, and it waa not in my power to have
it assicned to any particular one of the four
police courts.
Also Crothers in the City Prison and in my
presence made a proposition or rather a sug
gestion to M. A. Gunst to have the charse
against him reduced from a felony . to a mis
demeanor for a money consideration. Also Mrs.
Da-rlinc went to Mr. Gunst at . his office, 23
Kearny street, and there made a similar prop
osition to him. - - -.
This and . other corroborative evidence of a
similar nature I will produce at your pleasure.
The charge against Crothers is Bet for fur
ther hearing at 12 o'clock to-morrow. Re
spectfully, L. L. LEVINGS, Police Officer.
When seen later Levings said;
LEVINGS EXPLAINS.
This la a plain, ordinary attempt oa tha
Mr*. Darling, requesting me to call at her
house that evening on a matter of Importance. '
I called at her house at about 9 o'clock that
evening and was told by Mrs. Darling that
she was very much attached to Crothers, and
that she was desirous of saving him from go
ing to the penitentiary; also that she had tel
egraphed to his mother in the town of Win
ters and had volunteered to advance $150 for
the defense of Crothers, the amount mentioned
to be repaid by Mrs. Crothers at her . con
venience.
This amount, Mrs. Darling told roe, was at
my disposal if " I ¦ would consent to have the
felony charge reduced to a misdemeanor, to
which latter charge Crothers - wuold plead
gutltv and consent to take, a sentence of six
months in the County Jail. I told her that I
could have nothing to do' with such a proposi
tion; that Crothers was already charged with
the crime of grand larceny, and that I had no
other connection with the case than that of an
arresting officer. She continued to plead that
I take the money and assist in serving to save
Crothers from going to the penitentiary; I cod-.
tlnued to refuse her request and started to leave
the room when two men stepped In from an ad
joining room and accosted me with the asser
tion that they had heard all about how I was
willing to "square" the case fof*$150 and that
they guessed I would now be good/*
They said they were friends of Crothers and
that they were reluctant to make trouble for
me, but that unless I "let up" in my prose
cution of him they would bring me before the
Board of Police Commissioners on a charge of
attempted extortion. They said they were
three to one. and that I would have no chance
to clear myself of the charge. Also that they
were going to clear Crothers by fair means or
DECXDB AGAINST
Boxer Martin Is Favored by Hayes
Valley Athletic Club Judges.,
Billy Leonard, the Olympic Club
feather-weight boxer, was given the
B— — - [JRLJNGAME Country Clubmen
will • be' the guests to-night
of the members of Olympic Ath
letic Club. An interesting pro
"*pamme of boxing has been ar
ranged by De Witt Van Court and some
exciting bouts are expected. Only mem
bers of the two organizations will be In
attendance.
Heavyweights Andy Gallagher and Sam
Berger will meet for the second time. At
their last meeting Berger gained the de
cision over the amateur heavyweight
champion, much to the surprise of the lat
ter and of his friends. Gallagher has
trained more carefully for the present
bout and expects to turn the tables on
his opponent.
E. J. Smith will referee all bouts. •
Third race, the Bay Chester, for three-year
olds, the "Withers mile — Namtor won. Grand
Opera second, Waterboy third. Time, 1:40%.
Fourth race, the New Rochelle handicap,
last seven furlongs Withers mile — Hatazod
won, Kamara sceend, J Whisky King third.
Time, 1:27%. .
Fifth race, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs — Our Nugget won. Princess Tulane
second, Mlladl Love third. Time, :53.
Sixth race, handicap, the Eclipse course —
Flying Buttress won. Himself second, . Swlf t
mas third. Time. 1:10.
CHICAGO, May. 13. — Worth summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Pure
Dale won, Courage second. Belle Graham third.
Time, 1 :01 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Peace won, Henry
of Franstamar second, Haydon third. Time,
1:213-5.
Third race, five furlongs — The Don 'won, Jo
sette second, Agnes Mack third. Time,
1:08 3-5. • . .
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
C. B. Campbelf won, Greyfeld second. Lord
Quex third. Time, 1 :67. _
Fifth race, one mile — Walkenshaw won.
Homage second, John , Drake third. Time,
1:63 3-5. ,
Sixth race, one mile — Luclen Appleby won.
Articulate second, - Marcos third. ! Time,
1:49 4-6.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 13.— Fair ; Grounds
summary: • . ...
First race, half a mile, purse — Avoid won,
Grandshot second, Lazarre third. Time, :49.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing — Sir Christopher won, Slnfi second; Has
Gift third. Time, 1 :0S.
Third race, ; one mile, ¦ selling — Tenney Belle
won, Monos second, Orleans third. Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, steeplechase, about one and a
half miles — Terry Ranger • won. Sea Song sec
ond. Very Light third. T,ime, 3:00.
Sixth race, five furlongs, .purse — A. D. Gib
son won. Four-Leaf C second. Nobleman third.
Time, 1:14. ¦
i Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Felix Bard won. Wallabout second. Leviathan
third. Time, 1:55%. '' '
LOUISVILLE, • Ky., May 13. — Churchill
Downs summary: .
' First race, five 'furlongs, selling — Sheriff
Bell won* Ben Chalice second, Barcata third.
Time. 1:02. Gold Money finished third, but
was disqualified.'
n Second race, mile, selling— San Andreas won,
Ben Battle second, Chorus Boy third. Time,
; 1:43. : • .;
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Stiiyve
won, John Yerkes second. Suave third. Time,
1:14%. \
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, Bash
ford Manor stakes, value • $1330 — Von Rouse
won, Pericles second. Captain Arnold third.
Time. :55V4.
•Fifth race, six furlongs — Ed' Austin won,
Harry New second, Maude Gonne third. Time,
1:15%.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— J. J. T.
won. Jigger second. Bud Embrey third. Time,
1:09%..
Results of the Races on the Big
Tracks in the
East.
NEW TORK, May 13. — Morris Park results:
First race, six and a half furlongs — Heno
won. Bon Mot second, Colonel Bill third. Time,
1:21%.
Second race, seven furlongs — Sweet Tooth
won, Bon Mot second. Colonel Bill third. Time.
l:28y t . \
HATAZOO THE WINNER
IN THE NEW ROCHELI/E
MEMBERS and friends of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal
Order of Eagles, will fly over to
Schuetzen Park Sunday next
and spend the day in merry
making. The committees having . the affair
CHAMPION CBICKETEHS
GET HA1TDS0ME PENTTANT
in hand are putting forth their best efforts
to make it surpass anything of its kind
ever given by the order. Boats will leave
the ferry at 10 and 11, -30 a. m. and 1 p. ra.
The San Francisco Aerie of Eagles has
more than 1600 members, and is composed
of some of the leading citizens of this
city.
The following committee has the pic
nic arrangements in hand: Jerome A.
Basslty (chairman), George Sharp, David
Becker, Luke Marlsch, Paul Geffroy, John
Sullivan, J. M. Moffett, Sam. Sonnenfeldt
and Gustave Pohlman.
Numerous sub-committees have been
appointed to see that every guest is given
a good time. -
I knew nothing about this case until Levings
came- to me several nights aero and told me
that he was being Jobbed by designing peopl"
who sought to free a criminal whom he had
arrested. I listened to his story of what oc
curred ' and censured him for going near Mrs
Darling. Levings explained first his visit to
Mrs. Darling's house by saying that Crothers
or McWilliams, as he is better known, lived
with Mrs. Darling and that he wanted to
search his room for more stolen property.
After making one visit to the' house Levings
told me .that he went again, and I told him
that I. would insist on his prosecuting the
case, and that if there was any attempt to job
him -it would come out in the course of the
trial. . The Police Commission was In session
at the time and I was rather put out about
being disturbed. The matter slipped my mind
entirely until this morning, when the case
came up In court. I Intend to probe this mat
ter to the bottoms If Levlngs Is the victim of
a clique of designing people who are trying to
free a'crlminal I Intend to see that Justice Is
done him. • If I find that he Is. guilty of the
crime charged against him I will see that he
suffers for his offense. • The whole question as
It is presented in court Is whether or not Police
man. LevincB Is liritur- about hi* aii»«J f»"-
Chief Wittman when seen. to-night said:
I came back immediately to the Hall of Jus
tice and informed the Chief of Police that I
visited Mrs. Darling's house at her request and
that Mrs. Darling and her friends tried to job
me. Chief Wittman told me to press the case
to the end and if there was a Job In It any
where it would come out In court.
WITTMAN TO INVESTIGATE.
Fk i? f the frlends o« a criminal to blacken
the character of a policeman. When I was de
tailed on this case by Lieutenant Birdsall I
or M^wnn e t case out aK^nst Crothers
or Mcttil lams, as he is better known. I had
enough evidence to convict him and I knew that
Mr. Gunst. from whom he stole the cigars
wanted him punished.for his offense. Now is
l*5 ey ** that under those circumstances' I
would attempt, to square the case for SlbO?
I knew that Gunst was the man from whom
the cigars vere\ stolen and I know Gunst well
enough to know that he would never let go on
the prosecution of a case of this .kind. Now.
-,? £ th . e . c . lr ? umsta nces, is It reasonable to
suppose that I would attempt to square thi»
case? Mrs. Darling telephoned for me to come
to her house, and thinking I might be able to
w.'nS* 1 -* ? va i ul i ble ln * he way of evidence,
I called at her flat at 913 Eddy street. She
?f^1 to .^i k about t ivln * me the sum of
?l£>0 to withdraw from the prosecution of this
case and sAve the young man from San Owen
s'. ,.» ,., her that there was n ° w ay in
which I could save him. I explained that
gunst was a man who would press the case to
the bitter end and that I would prosecute It
also. Sho made several offers to me and In
the mifist of her rambling talk of bribery I
saw the figure of a man behind a glass door.
I thereupon Informed Mrs. Darling that I
wculd not talk with her any further* as I sus
pected that she was trying to job me. I told
her flat-f ootedly that I Intended to press the
case to the finish and send Crothers . or Me-
WUHams to San Quentln. Then it was that
Mrs. Darling's two witnesses stepped out' of
the room. One of them, named Douglass paid
I am an attorney and you had better drop this
case. I told him his bluffs were useless and
that he might just as well stop talking. He
s&id: "If you don't drop the prosecution of
this case I will see that you are 'broke" from
the force." Knowing that it was a deliberate
Job on the part of Mrs. Darling, and her friends
to , protect her consort from Imprisonment I
laughed at them. - ¦ : . -
William Tardelli stopped from sheer ex
haustion in the third round of his bout
with Monte Attell. The boya were at it
hummer and tongs from the first sound
of the gong.
Mike Maher was knocked out in the sec
ond round of his fight with Barney Dris
}• ¦k t . yva ?, fight up to the
end. . Driscoll landed a- wild swing on the
body and Maher went down and out
Sergeant of Police Bush stopped the
fight between Bert Keelen and Hugo For
rest in the fourth round. The judges de
cided in favor of Keelen. The fight was
one- of the most desperate ever seen here
Ed Parker was given the decision over
John McCormick after four bustlinsr
rounds. ' D
There was little to choose between
them in the first round, although Leon
ard was the aggressor. The second and
third were Leonard's rounds. In the
fourth Martin had Leonard in distress,
but the latter came back gamely, and at
the end of the round Martin was groggy.
When Referee McDevitt read the votes of
the two judges he made the announce
ment: "The judges 'say' Martin wins."
Had he followed his usual . formula he
would have said, "Martin wins." .
Joe Angeli made George Erdelatz quit
In the third round. of their bout. Erde
latz had the better of the first round. In
the second and third rounds Angeli's fists
beat a tattoo on his opponent's body that
flesh and blood could not withstand. Er
delatz could neither guard himself nor
stop the shower of blows. He finally re
tired to his corner and threw up his
hands as a token of defeat.
Russell Smith took a couple of punches
in the jaw from Ed Gallatin and then de
cided he was not cut out for a fighter. He
went to the mat and reclined there ten
seconds.
worst of the decision in his fight last
night with Paul Martin before the Hayea
Valley Athletic Club. Martin is a mem
ber of the latter club.
CLEVER HEAVT- WEIGHT BOXER
WHO WILL APPEAR TO-NIGHT
AT OLYMPIC CLUB.
Oakland outplayed the Angels last week
in four games out of six^whlle the Ponies
broke even with Fisher's Colts at the cap
ital. As both teams will play'on the home
grounds this week, there is bound to be
some fireworks before the fun is half
over. Following is the line-up for to-day's
game, which will be called at 3;30 p. m.:
I San Francisco. Positions. . Oakland.
Leahy «... Catcher Gorton
Glendon or Kane. Pitcher.. Moskiman or Hodson
Nordyke.. First base.... Streib
McNlchols Second base .Mohler
Shugart Third base .Devereaux
Holly. Shortstop Francks
McHale Left field .Dunleavy
Lawler Center field Walters
Delmas Right field. McCreedie
San Francisco and Oakland will begin a
series of six baseball games to-day at the
Oakland grounds. According to the dope,
the commuters should do a variety of
things to Uncle's crowd, but baseball is
uncertain at its best, and the locals may
possibly spring a surprise on the numer
ous, wise ones who always like to butt in
with their opinions.
Oakland This Afternoon.
Games Will Be Commenced at
Interesting Series of Six Baseball
OAKLAND WILL MEET? -
SAN FRANCISCO TO-BAY
Three-base hit — Doyle. ¦ Two-base hit —
Roach. First base on errors — Sacramento 1,
Los Angeles 2.' First base on called balls — Oft
Dowling 2, oft! Waddell 1. . Left on bases —
Sacramento 4, Los Angeles 6. Struck out —
By Dowling 4. by Waddell 11. Hit by pitcher
— Raymer, Double play — Doyle to Eagan.
Time of game — 2:05. Umpire — O'Connell.
Scorer — Rutherford. -
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 002002000 1—6
Los Angeles 0 010000000 4 — 5
Base hits '..0031100001 5—11
Sacramento 0 0. 01000000 1 — 2
Totals ...42 5 11 0 33 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Tcman, 8. 8 5 1 1 0 1 1,0
Hannlvan, If. 5 0 1 0 4 0 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 2 0 1 1 0
Householder, cf 4 1 0 0 3 0 0
ReMly. 3b. 5 1 1 0 0 2 1
Anderson, c 5 1 1 0 11 2 0
Roach, rf 4 1 2 0 2 0 1
Hanlon, lb 5 0 0 0 11 0 0
Waddell. p 5- 0 3 0 07 0
LOS ANGELES.
Totals . . 38 2 5 1*32 13 3
•Toman out for interfering with fielder.
¦-¦•'. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen, 2b .5 0 10 4 11
Doyle. If 5 111 3 2 0
Sheehan. 3b 5 0 10 3 2 0
Rfbsamen, cf 4 0 1 « O 2 1 0
Graham, c 4 0 0' 0 C 2 0
Kagan, lb 4 0 1 0 8 1 0
Unglaub, s. s 4 0 0 0 3 1 2
Wagner, rf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Dowling. p. 4- 10 0 0 3 0
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, May 13.— Rube Waddell
established the coast strike-out record
for the season by fanning eleven men.
He would have made it an even dozen had
Anderson held the last strike on Unglaub
in the seventh. The latter was thrown
out at first, however. Dowling pitched
great ball, but went to pieces in the elev
enth, when the score stood 1 to 1, and al
lowed five hits and four, runs, a lead the
Senators could not ¦ overcome. The feat
ures were the box work of Waddell and
Dowling and Sheehan's wonderful -work
at third. Score: l;
the Reuben.
Pitchers' Battle Ends in a Victory for
WADDELL FANS ELEVEN.
Mrs. Darling's Offer.
Two days later. 1. e.. May 6. I received a
telephone message at the Hall of Justice from
Under instructions from you Crothers was
locked up and his name placed on the detinue
book, pending further investigation. This in-
VteEtlffation was conducted by myself, and re-
Fulted in finding that Crothers had recently
been released from the County Jail, where he
had served a sentence of three months on a
plea of guilty to one of fifteen charges of petty
theft. Aleo I located his room at 913 Eddy
street, a house kept by a Mrs. Darling, with
v.-hem. according to the prisoner's statement to
me. he was friendly. I also visited the house,
se&rched the room, but found nothing incrim
inating;
Crothers was arrested by me May 2, 1902,
in the afternoon, on Larkin street, between
Kills and Eddy. He had in his possession a
ca?e containing: 1000 cigars of the value of
J8T 00, the property of M. A. Gunst & Co.,
of 23 Kearny Frect. These cigrars had been ob
tained by Crothers on a bogus telephone order
purporting to, be from Redington & Co., whole-
Bale druggists.
LEVINGS' BEPOET TO CHIEF.
SAX FEAXCISCO. Cal., May 13. 1902.
George W. Wittman Esq., Chief of Police-^
Sir: Complying- with your instructions I sub
mit herewith a brief summary of th& facts
and incidents connectfd with the arrest and
partial hearing of J. C. Crothers, alias F. AV.
McWillisms.
The further hearing of the case was
postponed by Judge Mogan until to-day at
jioon, when Mrs. Darling, Douglass and
M. A. Gunst will be called upon to testify.
Levir.gs was suspended yesterday after
noon by Chief Wittman. pending a fur
ther investigation of the scandal. Lev
ings has made the following report of the
case to Chief Wittman:
When Levings left the witness stand
Grover Clemmer was called, and he testi
fied that he heard Levings make a delib
erate offer to drop the prosecution for the
sum of $150. Clemmer further testified
that he was in an adjoining room with
Douglass and that he heard him refuse
an ouer of $100 for the alleged reason that
he had to give $50 to the Judge. Before
Mrs. Darling succeeded in getting Lev
ings to agree to drop the case, according
to the testimony of Clemmer,- Levings
saw the shadow of Douglass through the
Class door and he immediately became
suspicious and said: "What are you try
ing to do? Are you trying to job me?"
Prosecuting Attorney John J. Greeley
questioned Levings and brought out the
fact that while Levings was visiting Mrs.
Darling and while she was making her of
fer of $150 two men stepped out of an ad
joining room and said: "Now I guess you
will be good. We are three against one,
and you had better drop this case."
CLEMMEE'S EVIDENCE.
Policeman Levings was detailed on the
case and he arrested Crothers on Larkin
street a short time afterward. -Crothers
had the cigars in his possession and Lev-
Ings took him to the Hall of Justice and
placed him in the "tanks" pending a fur
ther investigation of the case.
A few days later, according to the story
/told by Levings on the witness stand yes
terday, Crothers informed him that he
had been in serious trouble before and he
¦wanted to know if money could square
the case. According to the further testi
nioiiv elicited from Levings by ex-Judge
Lowl counsel for the defendant, Crothers
told him that he was living with Mrs. C.
E. Darling at S13 Eddy street and that if
anything could be done to have the charge
reduced to petty larceny she would pay
him the sum of $150.
Leving-s admitted on the stand that he
called at the residence of Mrs. Darling
May 6 in response to a telephone message
from her. While there, according to Lev
ings' story, the woman made an offer of
$150 which was to be paid to him if he
•would "square" the case and drop the
prosecution. In response to questions put
by counsel for the defendant Levings
stated that he indignantly refused the of
fer and explained that it was beyond his
power to fix the case, as M. A. Gunst
intended to prosecute it vigorously.
OFFERED TO SQUABE CASE.
Grover Clemmer, a witness for the de
fense, testllied that Patrolman Levings
called at the residence of Mrs. C. E. Dar
ling, a friend of the accused, and offered
to "square" the case for the sum of $150,
a portion of which amount he claimed,
it is alleged, was to be paid to the Judge.
Levings indignantly denied that ne
maae any sucn offer and in his own de
fense made a counter-charge to the effect
mat Airs. Oariing. Clemmer and Joftn
JDouglass, a clerk in Attorney Solomon's
office, tried to "job" him, as lie expressed
it, so he would desist in the prosecution
of Crothers.
Crothers was arrested May 2 on a charge
of having stolen a case of cigars from M.
A. Gunst. The defendant and an accom
plice, it is alleged, telephoned to Gunst's
place of business and ordered the cigars
in the name of Redington & Co. Suspect
ing after the goods were delivered to a
young man who called for them that all
was not right Gunst telephoned to Lieu
tenant Birdsall at the City Hall station,
asking him to intercept the messenger
•who had received the cigars.
The preliminary examination of J. C.
Crothers, alias F. W. Me Williams, on a
charge of grand larceny was commenced
yesterday before Police Judge Mogan and
involved Policeman L. L. Livings, who
made the arrest, in a serious' scandal.
In Open Court He Swears That the
Patrolman Offered to "Square"
a Felony Case for Stan
of $150.
Witness for J. C. Crothers, an
Alleged Thief, Makes
Allegation. ¦•
ATLANTIC CITT, May 13."— Archie Mc-
Eachern, the well-known champion bicy
cle rider of Toronto, Canada, while being
paced by a motor tandem this • afternoon
at the Coliseum track met with an acci
dent which resulted in his death twenty
minutes later. The accident was the re
sult of the breaking of the chain on the
motor cycle. Riding the tandem were Alt
Boake and Robert. B: Thompson, who
have raced with McEachern for ten years
past. . "¦ •
The effort this afternoon was to estab
lish a new mile record. Several miles had
been covered when the chain broke. * In
the sudden slowing up of the damaged
tandem McEachern collided with it and
shot in the -air. like a rocket. His head
struck against a projecting board, which
cut a gash In his neck, from which blood
spurted in streams. The jugular vein had
been torn open. He expired shortly after
his removal to a hospital. Boake and
Thompson were uninjured. " :
Breaks and He Sustains
Fatal Injuries.
Chain of Racing Machine
L. L. Levings Is Charged
With Trying to Ex
tort Money.
Archie McEabhern Is
Thrown Heavily at
Atlantic City. .
POLICEMAN
IS INVOLVED
IN SCANDAL
CYCLIST KILLED
ON THE TRACK
Workman's Wild Ride
May Be Followed
by Death. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TJKIAH, May 13.— "While riding on a flat
car laden with heavy timbers Thomas
Megaw sustained injuries yesterday which
probably will cost him his life. Megaw
was engaged with Frank Dutro and others
in removing some landings in a gulch,
and after tearing the landings to pieces
had placed the timbers on a flatcar. Tha
grade in the gulch is quite steep, and it
was only necessary to loosen the brake
on the car and allow it to move. Thus
the timbers were being conveyed down*
the track to the river aHd on to a switch
convenient to an adjoining gulch in which
they were to be again erected.
Megaw and Dutro were In charge ofthe
car and had loosened the brake. They
were controlling the speed of the car witn
the brake, but when a short distance had
been traversed the brake chain broke.
Instantly the car gained frightful mo
mentum. Dutro leaped and escaped un
hurt. Megaw started to follow the ex
ample of his companion, but before he
succeeded the car left the rails and struck
in the soft earth with a thud. Megaw
was pitched headlong into the air, and a
number of the heavy timbers fell upon
him. Dutro was unable to move them,
and Megaw had to sustain the entire
weight until Dutro ran some distance for
assistance. V
That Megaw Was not killed outright Is
remarkable, as the heavy timbers struck
him as they fell. He lay pinioned under
them for upward of fifteen minutes. It !s
not believed that he will survive his in
juries. ,
Severing of a Brake Chain
Causes Accident Near
Ukiah.
A Rich Strike on the "Water Front.
E. J. Gudelj, the well-known proprietor
of the Alabama restaurant, 10 Sacramento
street, invested 25 cents in ticket No. 56750
of the April 24 drawing of the LJttle
Beneflcencia Company of San Francisco
which drew the first capital prize, giving
him the handsome return of three thou
sand seven hundred and fifty dollars
($3750 00) on his investment.
Another lucky person was J. C. Fratres
of Pinole, Cal., who held a 25-cent ticket.
No. 31640, in the same drawing, and for
which he received the sum of one thou
sand two hundred and fifty dollars
($1250 00).
The above parties can certify to th»
prompt payment of their prizes In full
United States gold coin.
All genuine tickets of the above com
pany have the initials S. P. & Co. on the
front and backs of the tickets.
"FANS'* ARE DISTURBED^
BY UMPIRE'S DECISION
Incident at the St. i/ouls Gania
Causes a Bit of
Anger.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. May 13. — Umplr* Cantlllon's •
decision In the ninth Inning, when he declared
Wicker out on third, angered the local fans.
They thought Wicker had the base by a sec
ond. St Louis tied the score in the ninth, but
New Tork won out in the tenth. Attendance
1000. Score: r. „. E.
St. Louis 1 8 1
New York 3 9 1
Batteries — Terkea and Wicker and Nichols;
Evans and Bowennan. Umpire — Cantlllon.
CHICAGO, May 13.— Chicago's lon» hit off
Donovan, aided by a base on bails, an error
and a sacrifice, proved timely enough to shut
out the Brooklyn*. The visitors hit Williams
hard In the first two innings, but could do
nothing with Menefee. Attendance 1100.
aem . 1 ' R. H." E .
Chicago •• 2 10
Brooklyn 0 B 2
Batteries — William. Menefe« and Kllng;
Donovan and Farrell. traipire — EmslI*. .
CINCINNATI. O., May 13. — The Cincinnati
team in a decided reversal of form hit all
three Philadelphia pitchers to-day and won
easily. Phillips pitched good ball. Attendance
4C0. The score: -
Cincinnati 24 28 3
Philadelphia 2 8 7
Batteries — Phillips and Feltz: White. Voor
hees. Felix and Dooln. Umpires — Powers and
Brown.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Mich., May 13. — Sevier pitched
an excellent game this afternoon and kept the)
hits well scattered except in the third inning,
when Chicago scored three runs. Griffith was
put off the field for his language to Umpire
Johnstone. Attendance 2311. The score:
R. H. E.
Detroit '. 7 13 3
Chicago 3 0 1
Batteries— Sevier and McGuire; Garvin and
E. McFarland.
CLEVELAXD, O.. May 13. — Cleveland won
its first game at home to-day. Wood's hit In
the ninth inning scoring two runs. - St. Louis*
errors were costly. Attendance 11S0. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 7 1
St. Louis 3 8 4
Batteries — Moore and Bemls; Harper and
Sugden. 4L.
BALTIMORE. Md.." May 13.— Baltimore
bunted the ball successfully to-day and won
easily from Washington. Play was called at
the end of the sixth Inning on account of rain.
Attendance 2200. The score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 11 3
Washington 3 8 S
Batteries — Hughes "and Robinson; Carrie*
and Dill and Donahue.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., May 13.— Score: Kan
sas City 5, Omaha 3.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 13— The gams witH
Des Moines ended In the first half of the sec
ond inning, on account of rain, the score stand
ing 1 to 0 in favor of Des Moines.
MILWAUKEE. May 13. — Score: Denver 2.
¦j^Wwaukee 0.
FLATCAR RACES
DOWN A GRADE
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
TO PICNIC AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Annual Outing of the Local Organization Promises
to Be a Big Success —Committees in Charge
of the Affair Are Doing Very. Energetic Work
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXERS WILL HONOR
MEN OF BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB
In Return for Courtesies Extended, Members of the
Former Organization Will Entertain Latter With
Bouts— Gallagher and Berger to Again Meet
. . - ¦ . ¦ ; • -¦¦..• • • ¦ . -¦ -..'-¦ ~ ' - - - ' ¦ ¦- . • - ¦
N SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 14, 1902.
8
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. .
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mali
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It in a
home treatment and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems 'to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
strength and development just where it
is needed. It cures all the ills an- 4 , trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Eiek-
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind., slat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will t»e complied with prompt-
ly. The Institute Is desirous of reaching
that great class-, of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
hovr easy "it is to be cured of ' sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The Institute makes no restric-
tions. .Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that Its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity.
Headers are requested to write without
delay.
Healthy Mind in a Healthy Body
Stomach and brain affect each other. A sick stomach sours the disposition
and prevents sleep and brain rest, and a sick brain sours the stomach and dog3
the boweW. Men of sedentary habits, brain workers who don't get much
•xercise, have sick stomachs and bowels, and wear out their brains and nerves.
J^^^^^^_^ "J 'work in the offlea and don'* ret as much exorcise aa I shonlj,
. '. "P5 T .P I feel bad I Just t»k« a Casearet which always oaies me tool
Jv/ ¦ alright."— J. E. Rohan. Q. A C. Route. Crescent, Ky.
ifci JZSBQR^- f^K _|'l k*4 a torpid liver for months. I bought a box of Casearets It
lif—^7 ¦ '^c^Cl ¦ "•• n * n ** on and hare not only been pnt in perfect health, but hav»
'/if ' V^^M B * laed considerable ia weight."— Harry Hodgson, RockTilla, Md.
MM \ ' £«r _"95? e * re * s w «*» the only medictns' I had with me when 1 beat th«
\^» k . ¦_. K ¦** 2"J «d s racord as "Champion Corn Hunker of America," hnsicin*
> J&bj^k ,v__^ \ Z1 ° bn »l»«l» in 18 hours."-E. E. Kimberlia, La IlarDe. 111.
t \ "Casearets cured me- radically of dyspepsia and
r|RL_ 1 • V-cK^y / headache and my weight which before naj 120 is no-*
I '1*7^ XSry J , 15a IW-S. Navarro, Biloxi. Hiss.
1 IVA 7^^^ mm SS, "Some time azo. while I was in Millersbnrsr. Pa.. Mr.
I ir Ki&A / // Freak, the landlord, was afflicted with (over* pains
I / / II In the stomach. I insisted upon his takine a Cis-arel
m ft** _^0^ '^^^"^^^ I before coins to bed and next morning he passed 6 tn.
¦ 1 A\ J^^v i\ I of a tape-worm. He bought a box of Caacarets and a
\ \ g V J^^'V//\ ' 1 tape-worm ii feat long camo from him h<-ad and all."
Bill I \S^ j37/k£\. ¦ V V — Uhas. E. Condon, illfilinburg. Pa.
I I. \I/^ iVl^Ery^rS^J elejirin* the brain as well as the Tttowels, and
1 A -v' 7»V^2^£Vf>* '^ »lao working off colds in sood shnpe."
1 j. \i j&XV^iSi^ 1 -E.C. Stokes. Philadelphia. Pa.
/ I « /£ \^V*Si V "1 Jfastronbled for yenrs with Indlpestion.
I I" I tJmm retf&* A V One day I bonght a 23c box of Cnscarets. and
S • V JisE \^ \^~ «¦"•»»» W thank tho Lord that I rtkl. I felt better tha
» I^B» W. . H aecond day. Any stomach troublo will b«
\ n A*3k ~VW»fl> cured bv Casearet*."
\-_ Jf J \95\ —V. H. HaughoMront., Bnieman, Frisco Ltn*.
A ¦J^^^ ¦ \j\ -^^Si^ . . "'Cascarets relieved me of Itching piles and
VSL^i^ lumbago which hav«»beon aCIiftlnir mo annually
*\gr -^^gg^^ a t this tline of the year. Three cheers fo«
:;-.^.;\^V j — G.* W.'Hilliard, 1217 Alord St., Indianapolis.
A man who keeps his bowels regular with Cascaret3 Candy Cathartic, that is
without strain. or violence, can keep strong and healthy without much exercise.
A famous professor ' in Jefferson Medical College used to advise his students:
"Trust in God and keep your bowels open!" That's God's own wisdom, for
when the bowels are regular and the digestion strong and healthy, then the sys-
tem is safe and the brain and nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life. .
/Rx\£>i\Xk rttrv ?w st for **?* Bov^ Xa ' A1J «*rogg,ists, joc, 35C 5OC .. Never sold to baft.
WyOWVltvW The eenume tablet stumped tec. Guaranteed to cur* o- you*
/^^¦^^^^^^ money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
.Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. OS
ADVERTISEMENTS.GREENWOOD, Nebr., May 13—Passen
ger trains No.' 1 and. No." 6," westbound and
eastbound on the i Burlington 'route, cpl
lided'-head-on' early -to-day, as the .result
of a switch failing to work properly. Eight
persons were more or less injured.v but
Passengers Hurt in a Collison.
PHOENIX, Ariz..' May 13.^CharleS
Reibling, late collector for, the Wakelin
Grocery Company of this city, was jailed
this evening on the /complaint of , his em
ployers, charging him with embezzlement.
He gave himself .up yesterday, but they
refused to prosecute, believing the.short
age would be practically covered by prop
erty belonging to Mrs. Reibling and which
she deeded to them." ; Further examination
shows an apparent : shortage of. nearly
$2000. . .:. -. . . ¦ • ¦ • . v ; .
Reibling to Be Prosecuted;
The graves of the brave fire laddies are
scattered throughout the different. places
of burial and each one will be visited by
the faithful members who still survive.
The Veteran Firemen's Association will
follow Its time-honored custom of deco
rating the graves ofthe. departed firemen
on Friday, May 30. .The members of the
association will assemble at the different
cemeteries and pay a fitting tribute to de
parted heroes of the old days.
The ¦ members .will gather at noon and
proceed at oiyse to the many graves. Spe
cial services will be held, hymns will be
sung and the graves will be decorated
with floral offerings^ .
Among the most noted graves of the de
parted tire heroes are those of G. H Hos
sefross In Calvary. Cemetery, ex-Chiefs
Kohler. Scannell and Whitney in Laurel
Hill and ex-Chief Hickson in Masonic
Cemetery. : ¦ •• -
Pay Tribute to Dead Fire
Laddies.
Veteran Firemen's Association to
WILL DECORATE GRAVES
OF DEPARTED . HEROES
Mrs. R V. Watt, president of the Central
Church Auxiliary; Mrs. Robert McKlroy, presi
dent of the Simpson Church Auxiliary; Mrs.
.Stephen. Roberts, president of the Grace Church
Auxiliary; Mrs. Harry Lask. president of tho
Howard-street Church Auxiliary; .Mrs. A.. C.
Bane, president of the California-street Church
Auxiliary; Mrs. \W L. Coles, president of the
Trinity Church Auxiliary; .Mrs. ; H, F. Fish,
president of the First Church Auxiliary; Mrs.
F. Channing. president of the Richmond Church
Auxiliary; Mrs. J. Steventon, president of the
Ei-worth Church Auxiliary. r ¦ • ¦
Auxiliaries: Corresponding secretaries — Pa
cific Grove. Mrs. R. H. WHley: Centella, Mrs.
F. Li Dennis ; First Church, Mrs. J. : E. True
man; Stockton. Mrs. W. C. Mayne; Watson
ville. Mra. TV. H. Ames.
j Secretaries .of bureaus — Publications, Mrs.
William Abbott. - San Francisco ; mite, boxes,
Mrs. H. E. Milnes, Santa Clara; systematic
giving, MlfiMary E. Robertson. Mayfield; Ju
venile work. Miss Carrie Davis. San Francisco;
lifrature, Mrs. William Dlscho. San Francisco;
supplies. Mrs. • John Coyle. Alameda: Oriental
work. Mrs. L. P. AVilliams. San Francisco;
deaconess work, Mrs. Bray, Palo Alto; Indian
work, Mrs. J. A. B. .Wilson, .San Francisco;
Hawaiian work, .Mrs. C. A. Westenberg. San
Francisco. •— . ..
San Francisco district officers — President,
Mrs. Jennie C. Winston. Pacific Grove; -vice
president, Mrs. L. P. Williams. San Francisco:
recording socretary. Mrs. C. B. Berkins. San
Francisco; corresponding secretary, Mrs. La
kin. Palo Alto; treasurer, Miss Crummie, Los
Gatos. ./ .- . ¦ ¦ v
The officers of the society are:
Interesting reports will be read by the
officers of the society. The report of the
president will show that the San Fran
cisco district Is now in possession of the
Deaconess Home at 129 Halght street, val
ued at" $25,000, and the Oriental Home at
912 Washington street, valued at $20,000.
The Japanese work is being- conducted in
rented property, but steps w^ll be taken
to secure a convenient site for a new
home. The efforts of the noble band of
women to secure the home will be directed
by Mrs. Bishop Hamilton, , who .now has
charge of the work. •
The fourteenth annual meeting of the
San Francisco District Association of the
Woman's HBme Missionary Society of the
California conference will be held to-day
at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, cor
ner of Capp and Twenty-first streets. The
session will be presided over by Mrs.
Jennie C. Winston, president of the San
Francisco district. ' : "'
Woman's Home Missionary Society
Meets in Annual Convention at
Grace M. E. Church.
WILL REVIEW MISSION
WORK OF PAST YEAR
Parker says the resignation had been
contemplated for some time and his in
formation is that his successor already
has been appointed, in the person of a
Republican of prominence, whose home is
in Mendocino County.
The . office of secretary to the State
Board of. Examiners pays $2000 a year
and traveling: expenses. The new ap
pointee waa conceded to . Mendocino in
order to placate the Republican leaders of
that county, several, of whom are known
to be antagonistic to the renomination of
Governor Gage. • ;
Parker will not retire from politics; but
will devote his spare time during the
next few weeks to assuming personal
charge, south of Tehachapi, of Governor
Gage's political interests.
LOS ANGELES, May 13.— Walter F.
Parker, expert to the State Board of Ex
aminers, has resigned his office in order
to devote his time to private interests.
The resignation has been in effect since
May 1, but the fact was not publicly dis
closed until to-day, when Parker con
firmed the news.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Cardinel Martinelli will receive the red
hat . as the concluding ceremony In his
elevation to the cardinalate. While Mgr.
Martinelli is at Rome the final decision
as to his successor will be made. Every
one here asserts Mgr; Falconio will be
appointed, and it is thought that the
American episcopate will acquiesce in the
Papal decision. ' ¦'
The death of Archbishop Corrigan se
cures the appointment of Archbishop Ire
land as the next American cardinal.
ROME, May 13.— It is expected that the
Pope will shortly hold a consistory. No
new cardinals have been named, but now
that there are eight vacancies in the Sa
cred College, Pope Leo may decide to
raise to the purple eltBer the Archbishop
of .Florence or the Archbishop of Genoa.
Pope Leo Expected to
Elevate an Italian
. Prelate.
Parker Quits Position of
Expert to State Ex
aminers.
ASSISTS GAGE
BY RESIGNING
OF HTTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and Pensions and Patents
Issued.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The Postoffice
Department announced: PostofSce discon
tinued. May 13: Oregon— Swart, Umatilla
County; mail to Duncan. Postmasters
commissioned: Oregon — Luther E. Mil
ledge, Dillard. Washington— Sarah Fi
field, Bemis. Appointed: California — L. J.
Harless, Lewis, Mariposa County, vice
J. S. Covert, resigned. Washington— Anna
Stephens, Bismarck, Pierre County, vice
John Ingersol, resigned.
The following increases in the salaries
of postmasters in California were an
nounced to-day: Corona, from $1400 to
J1C0U; Co vina, from $1300 to $1400;. Eureka,
from S300 to $2100; Fruitvale, from $1100
to $13000; Gilroy, from $1600 to $1700; Long
Beach, from $1900 to $2100; Escondido,"
frcm $1300 to $1403; Fort Bragg, from $1200
to $1300; Fullerton, from $1300 to $1400;
Lodi, from $1300 to $1400. Decrease—Coro
nado, $1700 to $1600.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original, Andrew R. Hazard, Modesto,
$10. increase, Frederick Appold, Los An
g-eles, $12; Jerome M. Nottingham; Fresno,
$12; Ezra Johnson. Lincoln, $12; Levia A.
Ross, Los Angeles, fli. Mexican war,
Jeremiah B. Moore. Soldiers' Home,
Napa, $12. Widows, Mary E. Barker, San
Joee, $8.
Oregon— Original, August Benoit, Ath
ena. $6. Increase, Cyrus V. Marquis, Co
bing, $12. Widows, Sarah J. Duncan, Cot
tage Grove, $8.
Washington — Original. Silas Haynes,
Tacoma, $12. Increase, William Spinner,
Renton, $12. Widows. Joanna Roe, Spo
kane. $8; Elizabeth J. Hayden, Dayton, $8.
Army orders announce that the leave of
absence grar.ted Major George F. Cooke.
Twenty-sixth Infantry. Department of
California, is extended three months.
Captain Robert L. Brown, quartermaster,
is ordered from Sheridan, Wyo., to San
Francisco, thence to the Philippines, May
21. First Lieutenant Frederick McC.
Smith, artillery, upon his arrival at Sao
Francisco will go to Kansas City for re
cruiting duty.
These patents were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia—John Albrefczenski, San Fran
cisco, pumping apparatus; John Bean, Los
Gatos, nozzle; Daniel Best. San Leandro,
carburetter; Charles H. DevoH, Oakland
hydro-carbon lamp; John W. Evane. Los
Angeles, assignor one-half to G. A. Ben
well Jr.. Denver, Colo., waste oil filtering
apparatus; Luclen H. Handy, San Fran
cisco, and C. S. Hosford, Berkeley, burg
3ar alarm and door lock; Ira G. Hoam,
Los Angeles, train order box in connection
with eemaphores; Andrew W. Livingston
Alameda, assignor to American Can Com
pany, New York, automatic can-heading
machine, "reissue"; William G. Mullen,
Pomona, shoe duster; Frank Rademacher,
Los Angeles, oven; Robert Scott, San Jose,
quicksilver furnace; J. C. Silveira, San
Francisco, riding- plow; Henry J. Small,
Sacramento, assignor to Westinghouse
Air Brake Company, Plttsburg, Pa., car
brake, reissue; Joseph W. Thatcher, San
Francisco, dental mallet; Ellery L. Towns
end. Lcs Angeles, dental impression tray;
Benjamin A. Vaughn, Corning, cooking
stcve.
Oregon — Kelson W. Thompson, Bigelow,
self-leveling- wagon ; Emil Weber and F.
C. Frey, Baker City. lock.
Washington— Robert A. Phillips, Seattle,
potential regulator. , -. >
FIFTY TBOTTING HORSES
TO COMPETE FOB PHIZES
Driving Park Association Making
Elaborate Preparations for An
nual Ba.ce Meeting.
The members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association are making elaborate
preparations for their annual race meet
ing which takes place May 30 at Oakland
racetrack. A meeting was held last even
ing at the headquarters 01. the association
in the Palace Hotel and several of the
committees which have charge of the ar
rangements made their reports.
The association expects that all the en
tries for the four races will be in by next
Tuesday. It is estimated that about fifty
horses will be entered. Many of these
are in the country and will be brought
up to participate in the races.
Dr. I. -B. Dalziel was appointed a com
mittee of one to confer with the race
track management and report at the next
meeting when the track will be available
for the trotters to train over.
SPEEDS BULLET
AT KWANG SU
Miss Louise O'Neil At
tempts to Commit
Suicide.
Assassin Attempts the
Life of the Chinese
Emperor.
Commits Suicide in a Jail.
MISSOULA, . Mont., May 13.— Charles
Fischer, who was under a twelve-year
penitentiary sentence for an attempted
safe-breaking, to-day committed suicide
in the County Jail by taking morphine.
His partner in crime, George Klrkwood,
who was also found guilty, took a dose
of the same poison, but the prompt work
of the physicians saved him. .
LONDON — Sailed May 13— Stmr Ivernla, for
Queenstown and Boston. .
ROTTERDAM — Arrived May 13 — Stmr
Rhyndam, from New- York, via BouloKne-Sur-
Mc-r. '.".•- ¦ . ¦-.
NEW -YORK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Trave.
from Colon and Naples.
Sailed . May 13 — Stmr Bovic, for Liverpool;
stmr Patricia, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbo'-ir::. -. • .
' ANTWERP— Arrived May 11— Stmr Glen
esk. from Tacoma, via Liverpool. •
HONG KONG— Arrived May 12— Stmr Indra
pv.ia. from Portland, Or.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 13 — Stmr Paris
ian, from Montreal..
MOV1LLE — Arrived May 13— Stmr Furnes
slar from >7ew York, for Glasgow.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 13— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, via Plymouth and
Clierbours. • * .
BREMEN— Arrived May. 13— Stmr Kronprinz
Wilhelm, from New York, 'via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.--: •, .',¦,':... . .-.»-, . .
BOULOGNE — Arrived May 13 — Stmr Rhyn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
GENOA — Sailed - May : 13 — Stmr Palatia, ' for
New Yorlc. < . -
NAPLES— Sailed . May 13— Stmr Nekar. ¦ for
Ntw York. . " ¦;""•"- . ¦ - • ¦
LONDON— Sailed Hay. 12— Stmr Menomlnee,
for.— — . '.''.. I .'.¦¦. '; '. ¦ ' '•. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 13— Br stmr
Wyefleld, for >>fanaimo.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 13— Stmr Elmore, for
TiHamook. :- • • • • ¦
Arrived May 13 — Stmr Vosbursr, from Tll
lamoolc
TACOMA — Arrived May 13 — Schr Soquel,
from Port Blakeley.
• Sailed May 13 — Schr "W F "Wilseman, for San
FjIpi, stmr Macxi.iaw, for San Fr»r- lsc->
SEATTLE— Arrived May . 13— Stmr Oscar,
from Victoria; pchr Alice, from Astoria.
-Sailed May 13— Stmr Dirleo, for Skasway;
ftmr Meteor, for San Francisco; stmr Mlne<Ua,
for San Francisco, .stmr" Bertha, for Vaidez.
ISLAND PORTS. i
HONOLULU — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Doric,
hence May l: ' ¦ ¦
Passed outside, of Honolulu— Stmr supposed
to be stmr Ser.bma, hence May 1, for Honolulu
and Sydney. • ?¦"¦¦*,
PAGO PAGO— In port— U S stmr Nero.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shiping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 13.
Stmr Vantura, • Hay ward, 22- days from Syd
ney, via Auckland IS days and via Honolulu
6 days 2 hours.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 3C hours from San
Fcdro. t
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 13.
Unrequited love and overstudy contrib
uted to the ' dethroning of the mind of
Miss Louise E. O'Neil, who was to-day
committed to the insane 'hosDital at
Stockton by Judge Ogden. Fear that her
child would carry out threats to kill her
self, induced the girl's mother, Mrs. R.
E. O'Neil of 570 Twenty-ninth street, to
have her sent to an institution of , re
straint, -vv^'v-: ...
Until a short time ago ( the O'Neils iived
on an isolated farm in Contra Costa coun
ty. The girl had been taken there by her
mother to counteract the effects of over
study in Field's Seminary, where she was
educated. But her melancholy was ag
gravated by an unfortunate infatuation
that wa-s not reciprocated. ' ' . .
Teh days ago the mother brought her
to Fablola Hospital for treatment. The
first night there she wrapped herself in
the bed clothing and ran to her old home,
where she has since remained. She tried
to strangle herself wlth'window cords and
moans continuously, believing- she i3 too
wicked ; to live. i v -- ¦; ¦-;' '- > V ¦
VICTORIA. B. C, May 13,-News was
brought from Peking by the Empress 6f
India of an attempt to assassinate
Kwang Su. Emperor of China, on. April
25- The Peking correspondent of the
Tokio Asahi says that as the Chines*
Emperor was proceeding in the direction
of Nanpuan,. a bullet whizzed over his
head. It was rumored that the shot was
fired at the Emperor by a foreign soldier.
The affair had stirred up considerable in
dignation among the Chinese, and in or
der to avoid trouble the review of the
native troops, which was to have taken
place soon after the occurrence, was sud
denly suspended. The Emperor ' was
much frightened by, tne occurrence. "
Reports are being sent by; Peking cor
respondents of Japanese papers of the
impending retirement of the Empress
Dowager. The Japanese : correspondents
say she has expressed to some of : the
court ladles ¦ her wish to retire. Rumors
are current at the palace that she will
transfer "the sovereign power, to Kwang
Su and let him minister the state, she re
tiring to Iwa Yuan to spend the remain
der cf Her life in solitude. , •
EOUTHEBJI PACIFIC CLOSES
I / CARBONADO COAL MINES
ifornia Leads to This
r'-vA Result. - v uC-~
Increased Use of Oil as Fuel in Cal-
TACOMA, May 13.— The Carbon Hill
coal mines at Carbonado, owned by the
Southern Pacific Company, have ¦ been
closed because the increased use of oil
in California renders their . output no
longer necessary for use as fuel on South
ern Pacific trains and the San Francisco
and Oakland ferry-boats.
The Carbonado mines employed nearly.
500 men,' many of whom are thrown out
of employment. '.
There Is a silver lining tp the cloud at
Carbonado, however, because seventy
five coke ovens are being built," and these
will convert the coal heretofore shipped
to San Francisco into coke, for - which
there is a rapidly increasing demand from
Northwestern smelters. The operation of
the coke ovens will bring employment to
about as many miners as previously. I*
the venture proves successful 200 more
ovens will be built.
VALUABLE HORSES SOLIX
Tipton Exchange in
;¦"; Cleveland.
Satisfactory Results at the Fasig-
' CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 13.— The an
nual spring liorse sale at the Fasig-Tipton
Exchange began here to-day with a large
attendance, and satisfactory results to all
concerned. % In the consignment from the
Palo Alto farm, California, the best sales
were: -Medion, b. c, 1900,, James Golden,
Medford," Mass.* $1350; La/ Rose, b. f., 1900,
by Electioneer, John H.- Schultz, Port
Chester, N. Y., $1100: Naza, br. f., 1900,
John.H. Schultz* $1000; Genla, b. f., 1900,
Thomas W. La wson, Boston, $500; Man
zlta, br.' f., 1900, M. B. . Smith, Hartford,
Conn., $525; Lauracino, ch. f., 1900, Thomas
W. Lawsoh/$800; Rosaro, br. g., 1900, John
H. Schultz, $1300; Sweet Prince, b. f., 1900,
Kalamazoo farm, Kalamazoo, Mich., $550.
• Consignment -from W. S. Stinson,- Los
Angeles: Julia M, br. m., 1S97. Charles W.
Snow, Hornetsville, N. Y., $2600; The Ven
dome, b. g.MS97, A. B. Cummings, Phila
delphia, $850. V
Consignment from j Aptos , farm (A. B.
Spreckels), Aptos.Cal.: Ch. m.. 1S97, Abe
Carson/New York City, $2275; ch. g., 1S97,
Abe;Carson, New-York, $560; r br. g.,, 1896,
Henry Holcombe, Washington. D. C, $635;
b. m., 1897, 'John H. • Schultz, $500.
Explosion in a Laundry.
GRAS3 VALLEY, May 13.— An explosion
in the furnace of the Nevada County
Laundry Association's plant here this
afternoon resulted in severe injuries to A
A: Parker, an • employe, besides tearing
out all the fire brick in front of the fur
nace." The explosion was caused by 'gas
forming in the furnace, In which crude
oil was . being burned as an experiment.
Parker was badly burned 'about the head,
face and arms.
Gunboats Get Few Prisoners.
- PANAMAf Colombia, May 13.— The Co
lombian .gunboats Boyaca.Chicuito and
Clapet, commanded by General Jeffries," a
natltve of the -United , States, ' which i sailed
Monday, May 5," from this port, returned
here this /morning- with a ' few prisoners
captured at- Montijo ¦¦ . Bay. Though the
censor, refused to pass all cablegrams re
ferring to the departure of these, vessels,'
General * Herrera, * the revolutionary com
mander, knew of their . movements. ! Gen
eral Jeffries caused the coast from Pan
ama to Chiriqui to be searched, but found
no signs: of, revolutionary, fleet. ¦
Ecuador Revolution Is Brewing.
" PANAMA, Colombia. May 13.— It is re
ported here 'that General "Alf ero, the f or r '
mer ? President 1 of : Ecuador, , is "¦ preparing
a ¦ revolutionary .- move ¦¦¦ against President
Plaza of that republic
¦'•¦ BERLIN; : May 13.— A dispatch-received : here
to-day from St. Petersburg announces that the
accouchement o.f ; the • Czarina- is expected -in
"Commencement Day" to Be Cele
brated at State University.
BERKELEY, May 13.-Commencement
March, "Happy Days" (Mills); overture,
"Fra Diavolo" (Auber); spring song (Mendels
sohn); waltz. "Artist I^ife" (Strauss) ; selec
tions, "Faust" (Gounod); gavotte (Berliner):
sextet, "Lucia" (Donizetti): waltz. "Nld
d' Amour" (Waldteuf el) ; selections, "Singrlng
Girl" (Herbert): mazourka Hongroise. "La
Tzigane" (Ganne); college songs (Moses); na
tional airs (Gllmore).
President Wheeler of the University of
California was present and made a short
but • appropriate address. Other speeches
were made by prominent members of tho
alumni. During the evening an orchestra
under the leadership of Henry Heyman
rendered the following programme:
association. President Charles S. Greene,
Warren Cheney, T. A. Perkins, Alexander
G. Eells and i Anson Blake composed the
committee of arrangements. Mrs. F. C.
Turner was the head of the reception
committee, which was composed of a rep
resentative of each class.
none fatally. The most serious injury
was that of Mr. Edwards of Denver, who
was taken to the Omaha hospital with
head and spine injured. The other pas
sengers resumed their journey. The west
bound train failed to take the switch and
the track being slippery the engineer was
unable to stop in time to avert a colli
sion with No. 6, which was coming up the
main line. .;.- t' - /
day will be celebrated to-morrow and * a
large attendance of visitors is expected
at the university. :
The alumni will meet in the classrooms
of north and south halls at 9 a. m.) and
will form by classes in front of the Uni
versity Library at 10 a. m. The candi
dates for degrees will form in front of the
library, under the direction of their re
spective deans, af 10 a. m., and the pro
cession will move at 10:10 a. m. to the
Harmon gymnasium; where the graduates
will receive' their' diplomas*: and certifi
cates.
•Following the commencement exercises
alumni luncheons will be given at Hearst
Hall at 1:30 p. m. In the evening Presi
dent and Mrs. Wheeler will give a recep
tion at Hearst Hall to the graduates and
their friends. The Alumni Association
will meet on Friday evening at 8 o'clock
in the Mark Hopkins Art Institute, San
Francisco, for the purpose of transacting
business and electing officers.
LECTT7RES ON LITERATURE.
Professor Martin Kellogg and M.
Hughes Le Boux Speak.
BERKELEY, May 13.— The State Uni
versity ¦ buildings and the grounds' were
almost deserted to-day, as the " majority
of the faculty and students attended the
garden party given by Mrs. Hearst at her
residence at Pleasanton. :
, This afternoon the annual meeting of
the Phi Beta Kappa Society was held in
Hearst Hall, but there was a very slim
attendance... Professor ..Irving . Stringham
presided, and an able oration on "Tests
of Literature'- was delivered by Professor
Martin Kellogg. . He told of the growth of
language, and gave an interesting com-
SENIORS OF UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA TO THE NUMBER OF 300 SPEND HALF A DAY AT HACIENDA
OF MRS. HEARST IN NILES CANYON, WHERE LUNCHEON IS SERVED AND A GENERAL GOOD TIME
IS ENJOYED BY Tl^E YOUNG PEOPLE. . '
NEW CARDINAL
MAY BE NAMED
When the guests, had all arrived they
were received by Mrs. Hearst in a room
off the main hall and were then escorted
to the art gallery. The treasures of this
collection kept the young people busy
Mrs, Hearst had - provided for the
seniors a special train of five cars, which
left the Oakland mole at . 11 o'clock and
reached Verona at noon. There dozens of
covered carriages were awaiting them and
they were driven the mile or more to- the
hacienda and Into the main court. \
Three hundred seniors, who will join, the
ranks of the alumni in another day, were
entertained at the garden party. The
morning v.as not promising for such an
event, for a light but steady rain fell
and kspt Niles Canyon in dampness.
Soon after the guests' arrival, however,
the clouds broke and the afternoon was
ideal.
- of 'the graduating students of the
University of California than the hours
passed as the guests of Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst. . The delights of Hacienda del
Pozo de Verona were theirs »to-day, and
when they left the stately country resi
dence it. was with many a fond .backward
look and many a hearty cheer for their
hostess. The time had passed ' all too
quickly for the merry young folk, who
had thronged during the afternoon hours
the tapestry-covered halls and green bor
dered paths and had peeped ' into the
many wonders of the hacienda.
• f-^w SRKELEY, May 13.—Commence
_^3 ment week with all of its delight
~)\ ful. events will leave - no pleas
. M~eJJ anter recollection in the' memory
TO RECEIVE DIPLOMAS. --
At 4:30 o'clock the carriages drove up
for the guests and • as each load of
students passed the court where Mrs
Hearst stood in the entrance of the ha
cienda, cheer after cheer .was given her.
Mrs. Hearst accompanied -her guests on
the special tram and went to San Fran
cisco to-night. l
Groups of prettily gowned college girls
'and young 1 men swarmed over the paths
;-when luncheon was over and gradually
drew to the center of Interest— the stables.
The horses and equipment were viewed by
all and then the smooth cement floor of
the carriage room was found to be too
great a temptation. Yanke's orchestra,
which had been playing under a crimson
and gold awning on one of the hacienda
roof porches, was sent for and an im
promptu dance" begun. The art gallery
was again visited by many and all the
nooks and corners of the park and build
ings searched out.
until-- luncheon was announced. Mrs.
• Hearst mingled freely with her guests,
chatting pleasantly to all. Mrs. Benjamin
Ide Wheeler was also present.
, Tables were spread on the hacienda
porches and long verandas and in tents
pitched on the lawns. The arrangement
! was particularly happy, as each group
was in view of the other. A luncheon,
reaching well the portions of a dinner,
was served.' The guests lingered long at
the tables in spite of the calling attrac
tions.
Special Train Conveys the 300 Young
People to Country Place.
Among tha young women who were
most seriously affected was Miss Minnie
Hinman. Miss Hinman remained at her.
place as long as she could, and then ap
plied to Miss Hart for permission to go
home, saying she was sick and must have
medical attention. Miss Hart declined to
excuse her, saying that she could not be
spared, as so many were sick. Miss Hin
man' s mother then notified her father,
and he went to the exchange took
his daughter home. A physician was
called and said all the symptoms pointed
to ptomaine poisoning. She- was under
the doctor's care all of Saturday and Sun
day, and returned to work yesterday
morning. The Misses Parks also were
seriously affected and have not yet been
able to return to work.
Los Angeles telephone patrons are just
beginning to learn the cause of the demor
alized service on Friday afternoon and
night, and to discover, too. to what ex
tent "central" suffered in order mat they
might have any telephonic communica
tion a* all. Following the luncheon on
Friday, at which one of the main dishes
was a. stew, all of the girls became ill.
One by one they were forced to quit their
posts. Miss Hart, the service manager,
was at her wits' end to prevent a total
collapse of the service ana kept the girls
at their post as long as they could sit up.
Thus lor hours the unfortunate young
women answered calls and made switches,
though their condition was such that they
should have been under the care of doc
tors.
LOS ANGELES, May 13.— With but two
cr three exceptions, the thirty-five girls
employed in the local telephone exchange
who " were taken ill last Friday with
symptoms of ptomaine poisoning have re
turned to their posts. Those who are still
off duty are confined to their beds and are
under the care of a physician.
Special Dispatch to The Call,.
Illness Overcomes Thirty-Five
of "Central" in Los
Angeles.
Telephone Girls Suffer
From Ptomaine
Poisoning.
LUNCHEON STEW
STOPS "HELLOS"
GRADUATING STUDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPEND AN ENJOYABLE AFTERNOON
AS THE GUESTS OF MRS. PHEBE A . HEARST AT HER PICTURESQUE HACIENDA IN NILES CANYON
There was a large and fashionable
crowd at the annual reception of the As
sociated Alumni of the University of Cal
ifornia at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art .last .evening. Members from every
class since the inception of the institution
of learning until- the present day were in
the" throng.' Printed slips containing the
class year were. distributed and the grad
uates displayed them .with a great deal of
satisfaction.- -. . .-.¦-• : .
The classes ot/87,'96, '97, "9S and '01 had
the biggest representations, as they held
special; reunions. : The reception was held
under the auspices of the trustees of the
ALUMNI BECEPTION.
parisbn of the work of Greek and Roman
poets. He predicted that with the growth
of a leisure class in America the study of
literature in this country would grow. \
In the Students' Observatory, Professor
Hughes Le Roux of Paris delivered a lec
ture in the French language, his subject
being the works of De Maupassant. Pro
fessor Le Roux cleverly showed that De
Maupassant was possessed of keen in
stinct, and thoroughly understood the
qualifications of the French race.
Luncheon Served on
Verandas and
on Lawns.
POLICE BELIEVE
WARD IS BAD
Record of Man Who Cut
Wide Swath in Oak
land Uncovered.
Though He Claims to Have
Coin in Bank Ho Has
No Attorney.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway. May 13.
A week's work by the police has uncov
ered enough of the past of Michael T.
Ward, who played the part of an heir to
$600,000 and is in jail for the alleged theft
of a diamond ring, to satisfy them that
their prisoner is thoroughly bad.
Ward has a record in San Francisco aa
a swindler of women, ifis name appears
on the police books across the bay as a
rogues' gallery subject. The record reads:
"Michael T. Ward, convicted W a charge
of obtaining money from a woman by
trick and device on August 28, 1896, and
sentenced to serve six months in tha
County Jail."
Furthermore Detective Denny D. Hol
land has been making additional inquiries
amongr the police in San Francisco, and
he declares that the woman in this case
was only one among Ward's victims. Hoi
land said: °
"The woman who was • swindled and
prosecuted Ward, lost only a small
amount, but Detective Anthony informed
me thai Ward got. $2000 from-^a French
woman in San Francisco several year*
ago, and that she refused to prosecuta
him." ...
According to the police, Ward has a
family in Tacoma, but was divorced there
before he met his present wife, from
whom she has complained he has secured
$2500, her gold watch and chain and a
diamond pin since their marriage a few
months ago.
The whereabouts of this jewelry and of
the diamond pin Ward got from Jeweler
S. Lathrop, has not been discovered. Tho
detectives say that Ward pawned them.
As an heir to a fortune, as a successful
railroad contractor and man about town,
Ward has made many acquaintances in
Oakland. The police are now looking
about for further light. Around headquar
ters it is rumored that Ward is not un
known in San Jose, Los Angeles, Tacoma,
Seattle, Ogden and other cities on the
coast and In nearby States.
A man who answers Ward's description
dropped into San Leanclro several years
ago And interested a number of the local
capitalists in a proposition to build an
electric railroad from that town to San
Jose. The promoter claimed to have ex
cessive railroad experience as a builder.
He lived as became a successful operat
or, and, it is said, managed to make such
an Impression that several fat loans were
made to him, before he dropped out of
sight. -
Investigation Is being made to discover
whether the prisoner and the promoter
are one and the same person. The police
strongly suspect they are identical.
Ward's examination on the charge of
grand larceny has been twice continued,
at his request, and Is now set for to-mor
row morning in the police court. Al
though he claims to have $600,000 in sight
awaiting his call on a British bank, an
attorney has not been employed in Ward'3
behalf.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
SAN JOSE. May 13. — The First Unitarian
Church to-night vo.ted to extend a call to Rev.
N Haskell of Dubuque. , la., who formerly
served this church aa pastor for many years.
SAN DIEGO, May 13.— National City wilt
b» a. dry town after September 1. The City
Trustees by a vote of 3 to 2 to-day passed a
prohibitory ordinance, to take effect on that
date.
SAN JOSE, May 13.— Feltx Casserta waa
held to answer to-day for illegal registration.
He is twenty years of age, but claimed to
be a voter. The defense was that Casserta
had been misinformed by his mother in regard
to his aze.
LOS GATOS. May 1& — George Reeves, aged
45 years, a brother-in-law of Martin Joost.
and employed 1 on the tatter's place near. Lou
Gatos, was fatally injured to-day by & pre
mature explosion of dynamite used in blowing
uu stumps. ; '
LOS ANGELES. May 13. — Geoffrey B. Brook
man, aged 27 years, foreman of a job print
ing establishment, has been missing since Sun
day afternoon and his relatives fear some mis
hap has befallen him.
MODESTO. May IS. — Sethen Boren was thia
afternoon found guilty of Jail breaking- H«
and John Steiner broke out of the County Jail
here a short time ago. betas caught Just a«
they had gained freedom. Steiner got eight
years and Boren will be sentenced later. -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 13.— Dr. C.
H. Ranmelkamp, who has filled the place- left
vacant by Dr. Dunlway, will not return to
Stanford next year. He has accepted a position
as assistant professor of history in Illinois
College, Jacksonville. 111. ''-,^-:?j
NEW TOHK,' Mav 13. — The buildlns ,num
bered 101 and 103 Duane street, which ; was
occupied by Hammond, Bocker & Co., dealers
in ordnance and ammunition, and Doremus,
Pease & Co.. manufacturers of blank books.
was burned to-day. Loss $200,000. partially
insured. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, May 13.— Advices re
ceived here from the - Baltic provinces' show
that the drought and frosts have greatly dam
aged the winter sowlncs. Thus far there is no
trace of jrafs and the peasants are reduced
to feeding: their stock on rotton straw I taken
from the roofs of the cottages.
. SEATTLE. May 13. — A large party which
is to' explore and map the central part of
Alaska for the United States Geological Sur
vey '-win leave Seattle for Cooks Inlet on
Thursday. The party U in general charge of
Alfred H. Brooks, director of the geological
survey in Alaska. -
. -. . . .-v.--.. • •, ••. -¦¦ -• ¦_--• ¦,;.'. ;...;-- .-...-:-v. : •. ¦-— - . s ¦¦ - . ¦ : :. \ . :•.. ¦ . ¦. . - . ¦ •
THE SAN FBANCISCQ CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
9
UNREQUITED LOVE
TURNS HER MIND
' . An i additional , charge of ¦ 20
cents to pay; expressa&e will
be required from ont of town
subscribers ordering by mall.
. A car-load of Cook Booln
-has Jtiftt arrived from Chicairo
' and they are ready lor dintrl-
b ut Ion at ~ the ' business office
' of thin ¦ paper. ' All .. Call . iiib-
. icrlberR are entitled to a copy
of, this great Cook Boole at
the premium - price of fifty
'cents. '•'¦-',»¦. ' ' - ..'¦':' '
TWTHTiETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
Send for our boo\ t " Mellin's Food
Babies." Itisfrt*
is nourishing and
comforting.
Mellin's Food Co.. Boston, Mass.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S v A^GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVXGORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its Own merits. ,
NABEB. ALFS & BRUNE. Asents.
823 Market St.. 3. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
rfJIJ^ffiSy INJECTION. J!
I A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea c
5 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 j
t . days ; nc other treatment required. J I
C ' Sold by all dragsrists. J >
1=5 the cost
of meat |
Rich cream . |
| with I
I Grape=Nuts|
I a charming dish |Alexander Black and Santa Are Spoken at Sea, Well on Toward
ations— Heavy Play on the German Ship H. F. Glade Causes a Cut of
Five Per Cent in Rate-Only One Vessel Enters/Port Up to 6 O'clock
TWO MORE OF THE OVERDUE FLEET OF SAILING
VESSELS ARE TAKEN OFF THE REINSURED LIST
AMERICAN BARK TIDAL WAVE FROM PORT GAMBLE, LADEN WITH LUMBER, WHICH SPENT ALL YES
TERDAY ON A BREAKING BAR IN A RAIN WAITING FOR A BREEZZE TO BRING HER INTO THE HAR
BOR.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 14.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Movements of Steamers.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. e.. at noon ! of the 120th meridian, or. at 8
P. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STAJJDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. , . • • ' •
The quickest and most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m. >
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
1 Matt Ryan, a coal passer on board the
transport Leelanaw, was , drowned last
Monday night and his body was recovered
yesterday forenoon. On Monday evening
Ryan and Adolph Bender visited the Irish
fair and had several drinks on their
way back to the transport. Ryan was
considerably under the influence of liquor
and fell oft the gang plank, striking his
head against the fender. The body sank
immediately and although diligent search
was made it could not be found untii
yesterday when two boys discovered it
floating under Howard No. 2 pier near
where it had fallen. Ryan was a native
of New York, a widower and 54 years
old.
Going on Board of the
Transport.
Falls From tha Gang Plank While
MATT RYAN BROWNED
OFF THE LEELANAW
Brown, who acted as spokesman for the
committee, stated that as San Francisco
Is the natural trading center for the val
ley he thinks that the city should assist
In setting up the valley exhibit. .
The committee consists of Colvin B.
Brown of Stockton, L. N. Nares of Fresno
and Ben"M. Maddox of Tulare County.
The funds up to the present time for the
work have been raised through the San
Francisco banks. At a meeting at Porter
vllle on Saturday last it was stated that
if the .work at Los Angeles were to be
continued more funds must be raised, and
the Promotion Committee has' undertaken
the task.
The California Promotion Committee at
its session yesterday appropriated $250
per month for the period of one year to
enable the San Joaquin Valley Commer
cial Association to maintain a free exhibit
in Los Angeles. •
A grand excursion has been planned un
der theauspices of the committee to the
Sacramento Valley from June 6 to 8. A
special train will leave San Francisco
June 6 at 12:30 p. m. and will proceed to
Stockton. Stops will be made at Stockton,
Sacramento, Marysvilie, Oroville, Chico,
Vina, Red Bluff, Redding, Corning, Wil
lows, Colusa and Woodland. The return
trip will be made from Woodland.
There will also be an excursion by the
committee to Tulare County. The party
will leave here June 23. ' Extensive prep
arations have been made for the trip and
the excursionists will be lavishly enter
tained along the route. The different can
yons for wnlch Tulare is famous will be
thoroughly explored, with a view of
bringing tourists there instead of to the
Yosemite. Tulare is said to rival the fa
mous valley in many respects. ,
Special stages and teams have been
chartered in order that the visitors may
have a better chance of visiting the won
derful orchards, vineyards and grain fields
of fertile Tulare. The country surround
ing Tulare will be visited and the com
mittee believes that the trip will work a
wonderful boom in the southern counties.
Professor J. A. Barr of Stockton .was
appointed to represent the committee at
the meeting of the San Joaquin Commer
cial Association, now being held at Por
terville.. A resolution was adopted in fa
vor of extensive advertising of California
fruits in the East, and also for securing
the grand nave of the ferry building for
the exhibition of different products of the
State. &v»' I: -r ' . j '.?'¦%:.%
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committe, an organiza
tion of. prominent business men, met yes
terday and reported \ that the subscrip
tions now amount to $2322 87 per month,
with pledges for one year, commencing
April, 1902. Headquarters was estab
lished at 6 California street, and B. J.
Jennings was appointed to represent the
committee.
R. J. Jennings Is Appointed
Chairman to Act for the
Members. •
Promotion Committee to
Give Two Splendid
Excursions.
BUSINESS MEN
PLAN OUTINGS
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — The '- high and . low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and' Heights of High • and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance * to ; San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority ; of the Superintendent.'! ' -¦'''.'¦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. M. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal...
May 13. 1902.
The Time EaJl on the tower of the Ferry
Passed - ln: May 13 — Stmr City ; of .' Puebla,
hence •. May — , ¦ for Victoria and Puget Sound
ports.
VENTURA— Arrived : Mav 13— Barge Santa
Paula, hence May 11, and sailed for San Fran
cisco. - ¦ '.¦-?¦ e. ' • ¦•>.¦». -. ' ••- -•.... ;¦¦
- SOUTH BEND— Arrived MayM3— Tuc As<
toria,"-hence May 8." ¦ ¦. ¦ •
BO WENS LANDING — Arrived May 13 —
Stmr Redwood City, hence May < 12. ..,¦ ¦*-¦ ¦- ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out May 13—
Stmr Bertha,- from Seattle, : for > Valdez. ; ¦' ' , ~S\.\
NEAH BAY— Passed out May: 13— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco; stmr 'Mackinaw.'
for San Francisco;' Ger ship Ostara, • for: Port
•Natal. ••¦•.-¦¦¦•.••>,-..¦•¦ .-;¦=.¦.: >.¦ .•¦-..: •.!..'¦ .¦-.:*-.¦ ¦¦¦-¦-..
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, May, 13, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind SW,- velocity 16 miles per hour.-;.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON,^ May : 13 — Nor, bark iBJorne, from
Banbury, • arrived • at ¦ Falmouth , and reoorU:
having, spoken Br bark Alexander Black, from
Tacoma for Queenstown, on. May 9, with "main
rigging carried away. ,- ,; ,y ! . ¦•¦ "
MISCELLANEOUS.
May 5. lat 49 , N, Ion 30 W— Br ship Chas
Cotesworth, from < 'Fraser River," for , Liverpool.
May 9, lat 28 14 N. Ion 74 19 W — Stmr Ori
zaba, from New • York, . for Colon. v
March 26, lat 7. S, Ion 27 .W— Br bark Santa,
from Fraser . River, . for r London. '„: • : ¦.?-
March 20. lat 40 S, Ion 59 E— Br ship Crown
of .Germany, from' Table. Bay, for San Frai-
ClSCO. - - ¦ .' ; •
April 24, lat li N, Ion 26 W— Ger bark Ar
temis, from Hamburg, :for Santa Rosalia. *
April 17, lat 7 N, . Ion 28 W— Ship Susque
hanna, from Baltimore/ for San Francisco.'.
SPOKEN.
• Tuesday, May 13. r
Schr Volante, hence this morning, returned
on. account of rousrh bar. - - -\
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 13.'
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays . Harbor. |
Stmr North . Fork. Nelson, Eureka
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria..
Stmr Mandalay, Batchelder, . Coquille River.
Stmr Ruth, Erlckson, .
Stmr Newbunr, . Peterson, Seattle. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. '
Stmr ; Leelanaw, Monroe. • Panama.
Stmr Gualala, Weber, . : v *
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Siuslaw River.
StmV Argo, ; Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Rival. Olsen, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Braesr.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Schr Eureka, Schou, Eureka.
Schr Volante, Arey, .
Schr Admiral, Uhlberg, Santa Rosalia. {
Schr Ida A, Campbell, ¦ Bodega. '
. RETURNED.
Tuesday,' May 13.
Etmr Newbursr, Peterson, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. • ¦¦...-.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins. & Co.
Stmr Leelanaw, ' Monroe, Panama; Panama
RK SS Line
. • Tuesday, Mav 13.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 46 hours from
Redondo. . - f
Bark Tidal Wave, Davis, 14 days from Port
Gamble. - -
CLEARED.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth. time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey .charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth ¦' given ¦ by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. . . — ¦ ......
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon. 7. .
TACOMA— Sailed May 13 — 0:30 p m, stmr
Melville Dollar, for Port Los Angeles; Br ship
Arctic Stream, for East London; Br bark Peter
Iredale, for Queenstotvn. . ¦
CASPAR — Sailed May 13— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Brooklyn,
hence May 10. May 12 — Stmr San Pedro,
hence May 11; stmr Pasadena, from San Pe
dro; schr Emma Claud ina, hence May 7; stmr
South Coast, hence May 11.
Sailed May 12 — Stmrs San Pedro and Na
varro, for San Francisco.
Arrived May . 13 — Stmr Pomona, hence
May 12.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 13— Stmr Ful
ton, for San Pedro. •
ASTORIA— Sailed May 13 — Stmr Geonce W
Elder, for San Francisco. /
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 13-^-Schr R W
Bartlett, from Port Blakeley.
Arrived May 13 — Stmr Bonita, hence May
10; stmr Chehalls, hence May 11; stmr Iaqua,
from Astoria; stmr I Santa Monica, hence
May 11. , . . . . ¦••
Sailed May 13 — Stmr Bonita, for San Fran
cisco. . •
COOS BAY— Sailed May 12— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco. .
Arrived May 13— Schr Joseph Russ, hence
May 0.
• Sailed May 13 — Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Arcata, for San Francisco. '
Reported sailing of schr Novelty on* May 12
was mistake. It was the schr Volunteer, for
San ' Pedro. ¦ - .
SEATTLE: — Sailed May 13 — Stmr Bertha, for
Valdez. # .
WHATCOM— Sailed May 13— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 11— Stmr China,
hence April 23. ' - ¦ . v - . ¦ •.. ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived May 13— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence April 8. April 12 — Br stmr In
drapura, ¦ from Oreroif. • ¦
, QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 12— Br ship
Thornllebank. from Oregon, and sailed for
Hamburg. May 13 — Br ship Chelmsford, hence
Jan 5. . ' • . ¦ • ¦¦ ¦¦ " ¦ ¦
HAMBURG — Arrived May 12— Br ship Riv
erside, from. Oregon. . - •.
COMOX — Arrived - May 12— Ship Charmer,
hence Ar>ril 27. ¦ •"
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 9— Ger stmr Sera-'
pis, for San Francisco. : •
ACAPULCO— Arrived May 12— Ship Alexan
der Gibson, from Sydney. , ¦ ,
RUNCORN— Arrived May 11— Br ship James
Kerr, hence Jan 18. .
ALGOA BAY— In port April 11— Br bark
Dowan Hill, for San Francisco. March 17 — Br
ship Port Locan... for Oresron. ¦' ¦'¦¦¦¦ '
IQUIQUE — In port March 15— Ital ship As
cenzione, for Astoria.
NAGASAKI — In port April 29— Ger bark
Niobe, for Orr~on. • .; '...¦¦..
HIOGO — In wort "May 3 — Ger bark Professor
Koch, for Oregon. , .., -
'ANTWERP— Arrived May 10— Br stmr Glen
esk,' from Pujret Sound.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 11 — Stmr San
Juan, - for Panama'. ' . •
- VANCOUVER— Arrived May 13— Br stmr
Empress, of India, from Yokohama/ ¦ : :
Notice is hereby given that the bell buoy
marking Fauntleroy Rock, Crescent City har
bor. California, which recently parted its
moorings and went ashore, was replaced May
9 near its old position, in 31 >/ 4 feet of- water,
175 feet S.E. by E. from Fauntleroy Rock.
This buoy must be passed close-to on port
hand in going in to avoid a two-foot rock on
e2Ft elde of channel.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902. page 35.
Ey order cf the Light-House Board.
J. B. MILTON*.
Commander U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Light-House District.
Notice to Mariners.
RESCEN'T CITY, CALIFORNIA
2502 bbls flour, 140. COO lbs sugar, 25,000 lbs
rice. 40.050 lbs coffee, 21C0 lbs chocolate, 800
bxs paste. 7875 gals wine. 4381 bales hay, 17
«~s dry goods, 123 pkgs hardware and tools
21 coils rope. 33.S24 ft lumber. 125S ft hard
wood, 11-40 lbs starch, 50 cs canned milk, 50 a,
canned salmon. 28C0 gals lubricating oil. 11,000
jals fish oil, 4 tanks gasoline. 3000 gals ccal
oil, C pkgs paints and oils. .1123 lbs raisins, 15
cs tar, 51 bales waste, 40 sks coal, 57 sks sand.
The schecner Admiral sailed yesterday for
Santa Kosalia with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $34,S3."5. The cargo included
the following:
A Cargo for Mexico.
S2,:0ti gals wine, 375.000 lbs grease wool.
42.7(i5 lbs hops, Kt.430 lbs dry hides, S3 bals
herbs. 51G6 pigs lead, 254.773 lbs tallov, 650
lbs tobacco, SC13 lbs abalone meat, 130 cs 17
bbls shells. 51 srals brandy. 237 bales Junk,
€7 pkgs household goods. 21 pkgs hardware.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 100" cs canned fruit for London, valued
at $250; 3 cs shells for Hamburg, valued at
$100. and 5 cs canned fruits and 130 cs canned
calmon for Kingston, Jamaica, valued at $0U3.
The steamer Leelanaw was cleared yester
day for Panama with a general cargo en route
to New York valued at 143,378. The principal
shipments were as fallows:
The Leelanaw's Cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Son for Captain James.
The wife of Captain Dan James of the to-a
boat Ida A presented him on Saturday with a
con.
John Tn-Urs & Eons yesterday launcned at
Meiggs wharf a sasoline launch which will be
ussd on Lake Tahoe. The boat is twenty-four
feet lonz and five feet beam and will fcivs a
speed of ten knots an hour. .She *vas buiii
lor A. C. Plllsbury of Los Anseles.
Launch for Lake Tahoe.
The Pleiades starts to-day on her Ia6t trip
for the 'Pacific Coast Company. Upon her re
turn here she will have completed her char.3r.
Last Trip of the Pleiades.
The American ship Hoanoke has sailed frr«m
Portland for New York with a cargo valued at
$850,000. From this port she took 25,000 gal
lons of California wines and on Pugct Sound,
where the completed her cargo, she loaded
li0,0C0 cases of salmon.
Sails With a Valuable Cargo.
Commander Phclps of the navy made a care
ful examination of the naval reserve skit-
Marion yesterday, and xioon his report will
depend whether or not the local battalion of
naval militia pets another vessel. Application
was made some time ago Icr a chip that would
give the citizen sailors more opportunity for
acquiring practical knowledge of modern naval
science than can the stanch old Marion.
Battalion Wants New Ship.
commanding tempting premiums. Captain Gib
eon has lost but one member of his crew by
desertion. When the Kirkda!<? arrived her
crew numbered twenty-nine men. Of these
one is in the Marine Hospital, one deserted and
twenty-seven are sail aboard the vessel, which
li lr:r.s in the stream .waiting a purchaser.
Only One Man Deserts.
Although the British steamship Klrkdale has
been in the port since January 27, and in spite
cf the fact that sailors have been scarce and
The bar was breaking yesterday and ae late
as 6 o'clock not a single vessel had passed
through the Golden Gate. The bark Tidal
"Wave, lumber laden from Port Gamble, tried
very hard to get Inside the harbor, but the
wind proved fickle and she epent the day tum
bling about on the bar. The steamer Coquille
River, which rot in about 6 o'clock, was the
ffm and at that time the only arrival of the
day.
Short on Arrivals.
The advance in the rate of the H. F.
Glade to SO per cent was followed by such
heavy play both here and in London that
the rate was yesterday cut down to 75
per cent. The Glade is now out 206 days
from this port to Great Britain. The
other overdues are: Dlrigo. out 103 days
from Hongkong for Hilo, 15 per cent;
Tweedsdale. out 126 days from Hongay to
Puget Sound, £5 per cent, and the Yosem
lte, an old vessel laden with coal, out 142
days from Newcastle, Australia, to Guay
tnas, 55 per cent.
ward their destinations. The
was spoken March 25. The Alex
ender Black, bound from Tacoma to
Queercstown, was spoken May 9 by the
Norwegian bark Bjorne. which arrived
yesterday at Falmouth. The Black's main
rigging was gone and she had evidently
encountered some very heavy weather.
The Black and the Santa were quoted
at 15 per cent on the overdue list.
THE overdue fleet •was yesterday
reduced by two. the British bark
Alexander Black and the Santa
having been spoken well on to-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
10
Steamer. I Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
May 14.
Prertlse Humboldt 9 am Pier 16
Westport... Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Mar 15-
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier — -
Lakine Humboldt' 1) am Pier 2
StatoCal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 16.
Alliance... Portland & Way.. 5 pm Pier 16
i'hocnlx.... Mendocino City 3 pm Pier 13
S. Barbara: Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. . ...••.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt ..12 m Pier - 2
Clvrhalls Grays Harbor (.-.. Pier —
Pcmcna.... Humboldt . .11:30 plPier 9
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPier 10
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pn»|Pier 2
Peru China & Japan .... l.pmlPMSS
H jades.... Honolulu & Kahulul IPler 20
•May 18. .
S. Monica. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2-
Santa. Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G- Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 1 1».
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
3Iay SO.
Dora Nome & St. Michael ...... Pier —
J. Klmball. Nome via Seattle .Pier —
May 21. . .
Acme Siuslaw River .... ...... Pier —
Umatilla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .9
May 22.
Ventura Sydney &Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier..'.. Seattle & Whatcom 6 pm Pier 2
Kcrth Fork Humboldt' 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin ...... Pier —
May 23. - :.
Columbia. . Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 21
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way, Ports. May 14
Cottage City. Skag-way & Way Ports. May 10
Santa. Ana... Cooks Inlet ft Way Pts. May 15
Dolphin Skagway & Way. Ports. May 19
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Porta. May 21
City Seattle.. Skag^ray & Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct ....'...:... May 25
Ett-amer,
From.
Due.
Prer.tiss San Pedro May 14
Arctic Humboldt May- 14
S Earbara... San Pedro May 14
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way PorUlMay 14
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... | May 14
Serapls Hamburg & Way Ports. May 14
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 14
Phoenix Mendoclno City May 14
Mlneola Seattle May 15
A: cats Coos Bay Sz. Port Orford May 15
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance : Portland '& Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 15
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way PortsJMay 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom .....May 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. | May 15
Sequoia Hueneme May 1C
Mackinaw... Tacoma May 16
Chehalls..... San Pedro . May 17
Meteor ! OyBter Harbor May 17
Eureka Humboldt May 17
Coptic China & Japan May 17
Umatll'a.' Puget Sound Ports .... May 17
Santa Monica. San Pedro .... ... .. May 18
Nrrth Fork. . Humboldt May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports . . May 19
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. May 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria j May 20
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor May 20
Acme Siuslaw River I May 20
a Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor |May 22
City Puebla. . i Puget Sound Ports . ...| May 22
Sun rises .'. 5:00
Sun sets ....7:11
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:29 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
b Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W | L, W ¦ HW L. W
14 4:34 4.411:08 O.C 0:13 5.2
L. IV . H W L W H W -
15 0:00 2.5 6:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13| 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:09 1.5 8:251 4.3 1:52 l.« 8:32 5.7
18 2:50 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 5.6
19 3:39 0.C10:2l| 4.4 3:16 2.4 0:49 5.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:121 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 5.5
21 |5:00—0.111:59| 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:51 5.4
Steamer. I Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
May 14.
Prertlse Humboldt 9 am Pier 16
Westport... Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Mar 15-
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier — -
Lakine Humboldt' 1) am Pier 2
StatoCal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 16.
Alliance... Portland & Way.. 5 pm Pier 16
i'hocnlx.... Mendocino City 3 pm Pier 13
S. Barbara: Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. . ...••.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt ..12 m Pier - 2
Clvrhalls Grays Harbor (.-.. Pier —
Pcmcna.... Humboldt . .11:30 plPier 9
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPier 10
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pn»|Pier 2
Peru China & Japan .... l.pmlPMSS
H jades.... Honolulu & Kahulul IPler 20
•May 18. .
S. Monica. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2-
Santa. Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G- Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 1 1».
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
3Iay SO.
Dora Nome & St. Michael ...... Pier —
J. Klmball. Nome via Seattle .Pier —
May 21. . .
Acme Siuslaw River .... ...... Pier —
Umatilla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier .9
May 22.
Ventura Sydney &Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier..'.. Seattle & Whatcom 6 pm Pier 2
Kcrth Fork Humboldt' 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin ...... Pier —
May 23. - :.
Columbia. . Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 21
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way, Ports. May 14
Cottage City. Skag-way & Way Ports. May 10
Santa. Ana... Cooks Inlet ft Way Pts. May 15
Dolphin Skagway & Way. Ports. May 19
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Porta. May 21
City Seattle.. Skag^ray & Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct ....'...:... May 25
Ett-amer,
From.
Due.
Prer.tiss San Pedro May 14
Arctic Humboldt May- 14
S Earbara... San Pedro May 14
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way PorUlMay 14
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... | May 14
Serapls Hamburg & Way Ports. May 14
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 14
Phoenix Mendoclno City May 14
Mlneola Seattle May 15
A: cats Coos Bay Sz. Port Orford May 15
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance : Portland '& Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 15
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way PortsJMay 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier Whatcom .....May 15
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. | May 15
Sequoia Hueneme May 1C
Mackinaw... Tacoma May 16
Chehalls..... San Pedro . May 17
Meteor ! OyBter Harbor May 17
Eureka Humboldt May 17
Coptic China & Japan May 17
Umatll'a.' Puget Sound Ports .... May 17
Santa Monica. San Pedro .... ... .. May 18
Nrrth Fork. . Humboldt May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports . . May 19
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. May 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria j May 20
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor May 20
Acme Siuslaw River I May 20
a Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor |May 22
City Puebla. . i Puget Sound Ports . ...| May 22
Sun rises .'. 5:00
Sun sets ....7:11
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:29 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
b Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W | L, W ¦ HW L. W
14 4:34 4.411:08 O.C 0:13 5.2
L. IV . H W L W H W -
15 0:00 2.5 6:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13| 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:09 1.5 8:251 4.3 1:52 l.« 8:32 5.7
18 2:50 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 5.6
19 3:39 0.C10:2l| 4.4 3:16 2.4 0:49 5.6
20 4:20 0.3 11:121 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 5.5
21 |5:00—0.111:59| 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:51 5.4
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2. 12, 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDEK Sails
'. May IS, 28, June 7, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. \V. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong*y. S. F.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
XiO'virxisi 1 :e* A.i*3Bgt.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
O. R. & N. CO,
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEJIALA..May 1TICOLOMBIA . . .Jane- 21
PALENA May 31|TUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana de Vapores
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN Jr'KANClsCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street )
LUTt — Fhom Ar»tt 20. 1902. — ATtmvi
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsan, Klraira and Sacra- *
menu 6. 55?
7.00a. Vacaville. Winters. Ramsey 7-65»
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa. Callstoga. Santa Boss S-25F
8.00 v DavU.Woodland, Knlshts Landing,
Marysvllle, Oro?ille 7-55*
8.00a Atlantic Kxpresv-Oeden and Ka»t. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2a£"
8.00a X!les. Mendota, Uanford, Visalia,
Porterville 4.55l»
8.30a Shasta Express— Pavla. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Blue, Portland 7.55*
8.30a San Jo*e, Livermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placervlile.
Mary**H le. Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25r
8 30a Oakdale.C'blat- »e,SoQora,Tuolumne 4.25?
9.00a Vallejo.... 12.25P
9 00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
Raymond. Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25 a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way stations 7.55r
tiOOOA Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. t12.55r
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omah*. Chicago 5.25i»
t1 .00^ Sacramento Klver Steamer* til OQr
3 00f Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle. Ororllle 10.55a
3.30r Hayward.Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55p
4 00r Martlnez.San Uamon.VallcJo.Xapa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa 3. 25k
4.00y Xlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lod!.. 12.25*
4 30r Hayward,Niles,SanJose.Llvennore t855A
4.30F The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5.00> PortCoita,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6 OOr Martinez. Antlocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25r
t5.3OP Kiles Local... 725a
B.OOf Hayward, JJlles and San Jose 7.55a
tS.OOr Vallejo 11.25a
6.00f Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4 25 r
7 COp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
t7.00y Vallejo 7-56*
8-05r Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.55a
t9.1QP Hayward and Miles til -55 a
COAST LINE (Sarrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
$7.45*. Santa Craz Excursion J8.C5*
8.15a Kewark, Centervllle, San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Craz and Way Stations 5.607
t2.15* Xewark, Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10-50*
4-15? Kewark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8.5QA
14.1 5p San Jo«e. Lo» Gatos. Santa Craz... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 3)
— T?:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1X0 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 16:00 $3:00
t8:OoTlQ:OOAJ<. 1200 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Bro«d Gauge).
(Third and Townaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations - 6.40a
|7 00a San Jose and Way Stations t800A
7.00a New AlTnaden /4.10*
17.15a Monterey Excursion $8-30r
8.00a Coaat Ltne Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz.
Paciflc Grove, Salinas, Ssn Lull
Obtspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10r
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations... 8 33*
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
a1.30r San Jose and Way Stations '. a7.0Gr
t2-45P San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
. Santa Clara, 8an Jose. Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinaa, Del
Monte, Monterey and Paciflc
Grove : t10.«A
3.30? San Jose. Del Monte, Paciflc Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. . . . 7.30?
t4.15r San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 5-30p
15.00? San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9-00A
5.30? San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 6.30>
6-30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30r
7.00p New Orleans Express — San Luis
Ob'spo, Santa Barbara, Lot Aa-
freles, Deming, £1 Paso, New
Orleans and East. 10-30a
*1 1 -45p San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. » « Monday only.
» Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only. . ¦
Pacitio Coast Steamship Co.
*¦ Steamers leave Broadway
¦ Sia. Wharf. San Francisco:
2^§fet For Ketchikan. Juneau.
MJw^gWk.- ' - Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a-
m.. May 11. 16. 21, 26. 31.
; ViM Ju«e 5. Changs to cora-
¦ ; pany's steamers at Seattle,
j f*«^^^Syi For Victoria. Vancouver.
' ' Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. "Whatcom —
11 a. m.. May 11, 16. 21. 26. 31. June 5 Change
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Aia. -
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m-
M For 1 Los 7 An7eIe?' (via^Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terey . San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis OBlspo
(via 'Port Harford). Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bonlta only). .._-„„ Trl _. T
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. June 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m., May 10. 18. 26. June 3.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.. . ,
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sau-
TICKTKT mr"FXCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).- "f
C D DUNAKN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
BATCWAY TBAVEL.
J. D. SPBECOLS&BE0S.C0., General izts., 329 Mamt
BEn'IPass. Office, 643 Market SL, Pisr Hu. 7. PacUc SL
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., May 22, 10 a. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
1 i Saturday, May 31, 2 p.m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Eunday, June 9. 10 a. m.
oeeafflcs.s.ce,=S-f
BAY AND BIVEB
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except San-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., -12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* BO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock, HATCH
BROS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
I Pullman fourteen-section Drawlng-Room
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps in every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet. Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath. Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
. Daily Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally -conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
v R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. G«n. Agent Ptcific Co«ot
Palace Hotel ' San Francisco
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
iN LESS thji»
3 DAYS
CHIC AGO
ADVEETISEMENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
I^CT-r "FollOW
4^wi the
¦¦f^P^r Flag"
EXCESS FARE
AND YOU. DO NOT, PAY
TO NEW YORK CITY.
Ask Agents for Particulars.
W^abashLine
have the finest tourist car service from
C y c S K ?Ji o .52f ton and New Tor^ Points.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. & OVA**., St Louis Mo
lef°cS °' CLINE> R CV P- A - L°» A°ge:
; . . . . .". . . . ..... . .Saturday. June 28th. 1902
¦ Round-trip ¦ tickets ;-. at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street. ¦ corner First.
•.;•,-. W. H. AVER Y. General Agent -
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.' • • ¦ ' ¦ ¦"- ¦ : - ,
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1902
ES. AMERICA MARU...... ;
-.:....... .'.".¦ . . . .Wednesday,". June 4th 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU .....I.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sansallto Kerry,
Commencing April 27 U»02. .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:45. »7:45. 8:45. 9:30. U:0*
a. m.. 12:20, »1:45. 8:15. 4:15. . 5:13. •6:1a.
6:43. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:43 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, •9:00, MO:©*!, 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30, 'l^O, 2:30. •3:45, 5:00, «:«L
7:30. »:45. 11:45 d. m. /^
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. .
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15. •»Tm
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. «3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6. : S
10:15 P. m. '•>
SUNDAYS— «:00. *S:00. 9:30. ni:C0 a. ml.
•1^:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15, •3:30. 4:15. *5:43. C-4&!
7:80, 10:15 p. m. - . . '.*"•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:40 6:40 7:43. SaCSlK
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:43, 3:50, 5:l6. 5:20l 7*l£
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:65. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.
12:13. 1:20, 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15, lltTtf
B ' "* • THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and -war
stations. **
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and wav
«tatlons. ' ,,'f-^.jf-
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except edi
—Tomales and way stations. v^^
' 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and *»
stations. r
10:00 a, m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
SffiTSS?* 1 '*"'' •""" «n ™ «.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RY. CO
LESSEES .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F1S
RAILWAY COMTAinr. - T+ N
Tlbaroa Ferry, Foot «f Marlcet 8t*
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
3:30. 5:10, 0:80 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trl»» ac
. 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN IIAFAUL TO SAN KRA1VC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:08, 7:83^ 7iS0» 9:20. U:1S
a. m.; 12:60, 3:40, 0:00. 520 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:03 and 6:33 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, ft:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
4:55. 5:03. 6:25 B. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv»
8an i"ranclsco| May 4, 1902. |Saa Fraaiclsco
Week I San- I Destlns- I Sun- I W««k
Days. \ days. | tlon. | day. | Day.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20*
6:10 p 5:00 p Novata 6:06 p 6:20 »
¦ 7:33 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Patalnma 10:40* 8:49 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and • 6:03 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Ro— 7:35pje:20p
Fulton { *
7:30 a . Windsor 10:20 •
5:00 p Healdatmrg 10t40a
Lytton .
Oyiarvlll*
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdal« T^Sp tt20»
7:30 al 8:00 a| Hopland 110:40 a|10rf» a
3:30p| 5:00p| ¦ Uklah | 7:33 p| 0:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta \ 7:33 p| 6:28 9
7:30 al 8:00 a! GuernevilU I 7:35pll0:20a
3:30p|5:00p{ . 110:40 a| 6:20 »
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Elian | 8:05 p| 8:20 9
1 7:30 at 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:10 aflO:2O a
3:30p| 5:00 pj | 7:35 p{ 6:20 p
Stages connect ' at Santa. Rosa for Mark
West Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs; at
Clover dale for the G«ysers and BoonevUlo: a<
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Laka-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs. Upper Laks Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lterley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvflls. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Half-Way House, Comptcha.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal; at WlUlt* for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvUle. Ctunmlngs.
Bell's Springs. Harris. OUen's, Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket . office, 630 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave , Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _ .,. ~ Sun- West
Days, days. -»•*""•-»•*••»•¦••»"'» days . Days.
Ms?: ioioo A : —.-»*«•.•.-•-« \Mi; tMl:
...™. U:30a. »-"-.^~ki>»T"«'J- 4;5o p
......... 1:30 p. "THERJOFTISALPK" 5:50?
......... 2:30 p. Qp»»«ntt*i«rMa»*. 8:15 p
¦ rukt omeM. til UAXxxt wrzzzr *** sacaauto nm.
; Weekly 0311,31.00 p © r Year
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
iiormon . Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, lmpotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
¦ r.la. Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, TJnfltness to Mar-
" ry. Loss of Semen, fmm 4-^. Varieocele or Con-
ttipatioa. Stop Ner "^ tB vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are XZ-rtrm immediate. im-
bart vigor and pote *»«« * m ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore Email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
j the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
|2 80 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
tnoney refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
KA&reee BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
tan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
tsd 40 Third et.
I First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and tipward. . GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED- STATES and' CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coas:
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets - sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE - TBANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT -LINE TO HAVRH-PARIS. H^^Jjyi
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. iiJTiTirlnn
North ¦ River, foot . of Morton street.'- ; - . ¦ :
1 :A11 '¦ correspondence ,-. Is , strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. : The receipt
is ; ; free " for : the ' asking and ¦ they '. want > every
man to have it. -¦¦..-,- ,.,/........._,-.-. -., J^..._:*.
: "Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for . yours - of recent date. .. I have given your
treatment , a thorough test . and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as; vigorous as when a boy
and you -cannot, realize how happy I am.", " ¦
. i "Dear - Sirs :; Your method -worked beauti-
fully. Results were • • exactly ' what I needed.
Strength and vigor s have - completely returned
and • enlargement is entirely satisfactory." > -.-
1 1 • 'Dear Sirs : Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making- use 'of the receipt as di-
rected; and > can truthfully say, It t is a boon to
weak men. .1 am greatly Improved in alze;
Btrength and -.vigor." ¦ ¦¦• ¦-.¦ . • .. ¦•¦ ¦;•¦: ;-Kj> ¦"
¦ . How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering - from sexual -weakness, lost
Vitality, night losses, .varicocele,; etc., and en-
large, small., weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building. Detroit,
Mich., 'andUhey will gladly send tha free re-
ceipt with full directions so any man may
easily cure himself at home. - This is certainly
a most generous offer.- : and the following 1 ex-
tracts taken from I their, daily mall • show , what
men think of their generosity:-'. . . . - !
Ir sures Love and a Happy Home for
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G129 KEAUXY ST. Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment nf l*rfvnte
Diseases, host Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fait. ¦ 'Pry him. Charges low.-
Curr> cruai'iinlrrd. Ca!l or write.
Dr. J. F. U1CCU.V, uau Francisco. CaL
-'REL STAR LIKE.
" NEW YORK, ANTWERP,'. PARIS.
Kensingn.May 28..noon|Friesland.June 11. noon
Zeeland. ..June 4, noonlSouthwrk.June lS.noon
';-¦• . INTERNATIONAL' NAVIGATION CO.. 1. V
CHAS. D. TAYLOB,G.A.P.C..30 Montzom'y sL
: AMERICAN LINE!.
.NEW. YORK,' SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
PhiladeLMay 28. 10 am St. Louis. June 11. 10am'
St. PauUJune 4, 10 am PhlladeJ.June 18. 10 am
OCEAN TEAVEI*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE. '
SENATOR 9 **- M.. JXJNB 1
VAL.ENC?A..... 9 P- M JUNE 7
And fortniKhtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th«
new and eteeant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, epply TICKET OT5TICE. *
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
CD. DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS &. CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
L»av» Market-streot gerry Depot.
Local iamd ovrl'd ijocal
Daily DaUy Dally Dairy
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:28 9
Ar. 6tockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11 :10 p 7:1S p
• : Mercod.. 12:23 p l:lTp 1:30a 9:11 9
** Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13alt:33p
••Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39p 5:00a ......
*¦ Eakerafld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a.......
•* Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:30 a .......
•• Chicago. 2:13p 9:00 p -.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets ara honored on this train. Cor*
responding train arrtTes at 7:05 a. m. datly.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresaa
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:34
n m. dally.
'8 p. m. Is th« Overland Express, with
through Palacs and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.«
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Z.ocal. stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Trasclsco; 1113 Broadway.
Oakland.
I
Our patent mouse- I
proof kitchen table, this n
; v week only ...... $2.25 |
Your heme furnished §
complete from our large §
assortment of furniture, h
carpets and draperies i
for cash or little amounts H
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO, ,": J
338-342 POST STREET, |
Opposite Union Square. E
| The World's Cure for
r| Natural Laxative Mineral Water. .
% It is the Best and Safest rem-
1] edy for disordered stomach,
|| biliousness and liver trouble,
1 and it cures Constipation.
l| Drink one-half glassful on
II arising in the morning and
|j you will feel the remarkable
f j and agreeable effects in a short
I time.
[I Ktaiayadi JANOS
N (FULL NAME.)
(I If you simply ask for Hunyadi
[J water you may be IMPOSED
| UPON.
tn BOTTLE HAS BLUE LABEL,
B WITH RED CENTER.NEW YORK. May 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34.4S3 barrels; exports, 0440 barrels. Firm, but
slow, owing to the wheat reaction. • •
WHEAT— Receipts. 140,400 bushels; exports,
103,850. Firm; No. -2 red, 89 %c elevator- No'
2 red, 00c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 1 Northern Du
luth. 84 %c f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, 88%c f. o. b. afloat. Openihg higher on
the .crop report and small Northwest receipts
wheat yielded subsequently to local unloading'
in the absence of shorts and heaviness in spring
wheat markets. The Illinois State report and
weekly crop bulletin were considered bearish
and exporters were Indifferent. Justi at the
close prices suddenly Jumped" on a scare of
early short sellers and were finally %@aic net
higher. May, Sl%@82%c. closed 82VAc: July
81 B-IO^SS 3-XOc, closed 82c; - September
79 O-lCJtSO'^c. closed 80 Vic; December, 81@
81%c; closed 81%c. .
HIDES AND 'WOOlr— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice
6 5-16; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8V4@12c.
Coffee futures closed steady, net unchanged
to five points higher. Total sales 14,250 bags
including .September,- 6.35c; November, 5.50c;
December. 5.60c; March, 5.$0c.
- SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
DRIED FRUITS. :
j Tradinar In evaporated apples Is In fair con-
¦WASHINGTON, May 13.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balances, ?1S4,781,442; gold, $37,082,408.
Condition of (the Treasury.
•BOSTON. May 13.— Trade In the wool mar
ket, here continues quiet. Manufacturers are
decidedly indifferent about buying wool, but
prices remain firm. The strike, in the woolen
mills In this section continues to have Its effect
on the market. Territory wools are very quiet,
but ¦ firm • prices are maintained and quotations
are but little changed. Strictly fine on the
scoured basis is quoted at 47@48c; fine medium
at 43@45c; staple at 48@'50c and medium 37@
40c. Fine fleeces are very quiet, with the
offerings - small. The market on Australian
wool Is. very- firm.' • Choice combing" scoured
is quoted at 70@72c, good 67c and average 65®
66c. .- .;;.- !/: •: ••"!>*•• _-¦¦ •-¦;:-/ ' ¦¦ ' • •
Boston Wool Market
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., May 13.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1400. Steady. Native, $5 25@7; cows
and heifers. $1 50@6 50; stockers' and feeders'
$2 25<S5 50; veals. $3 50@6.
•HOGS — Receipts. 6800; strong. Light and
light mixed, $6 80@7 25; medium and heavy.
$7 12%®7 35; pigs, $4 25<g-5 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 5S00. 10c lower. ¦: West
ern lambs, $0 15@G 85; Western sheep, $4 85
ST. JOSEPH,
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 19,000; to-morrow,
30.0C0; left over, 3000. Strong. 5@I0c higher.
Mixed and butchers', $G f>0@7 30; good to
choice heavy, $7 25@7 40; rough heavy, SO 05
@7 20; bulk of sales, $6 95@7 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 12,000; steady. ¦ Lambs,
steady to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers
$4 75@5 35; Western sheep. $5 25@6 30; na
tive • lambs, clipped, $5 25@6 60; Western
lambs, $5 50@6 55; Colorado wooled lambs
$" 10. ¦ ¦¦ ..
CHICAGO, . May 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500. including 200 Texans and 140 Western.
Active and steady. Good to prime Bteers, $0 80
@7l40; poor to medium, ?5@6 75; stockers' and
feeders'. $2 75i?JHJ US; cows. $1 500-6; heifers
$2'50@6 30; canners'. $1 50(S2 50; bulls $2 50
@5 35; calves, ?2iS<J 35; Texas fed steers,
$5 2o@6 25; Western steers, hay-fed, $5@5 80.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
POTATOES — New Potatoes. 2@2%c per lb;
old.- $1 50@l 75 for Burbanks from the river;
from Oregon and Washington. $1 75@2; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, ?1 50@l 65; River Reds. $1 30<?»
1 50; Early Rose, for seed, $1 65©1 75; Oregon
Burbanks, for seed, $1 65@1 75; Sweets. Job
bing at $2@2 25. . ' , • *
ONIONS— Oregon, $2 25; Australian. $3 50i^
3 75 - second hands: new red, ¦ 80@00c per sack;
Silverskins. ,7ric@$l per box. -
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$1 8-">@2 per box. $1 50@1.75 for No. 1 and 85c
©¦$1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb. 35 l 3 1 50c per box; ex
tra fancy. 75c@$l; Green Peas. C5@S5c per
rack and lc per lb to the canners; Garden Peas,
1©1 25 per sack; String Beans, from Los Ange
les, 3@5c per lb. ; including Wax; from Vaca
vill'e, ti@7c; Cabbage, 50® 65c per ctl; Los An-
Asparagus had another decline under heavy
'receipts, although buying, was brisk at . the
easlci prices. The canners were buying No. 2
at 8Sc$p$l. The • usual quantity of Peas came
in and as the canners were not buying prices
took a drop. Rhubarb was dull and stocks were
r.teadlly accumulating.: String Beans were in
demand for shipping and local trading and bet
ter prices would have been obtained for most
offerings had the stock been less hard. 'Stocks
of Tomatoes are diminishing and offerings ara
firmly held. at. the quotations.
New Onions are • steadily declining and re
ceipts are increasing. Old were. very dull. :
New Potatoes .were in liberal supply and the
quotations were easily obtained for most of
ferings. The first Early Rose from the river
wero received yesterday ; ten boxes came in,
and as the stock was large and of good qual
ity, the top quotation was easily obtained. Old
Potatoes were unchanged and a weak feeling
pervaded.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Wool Is' still dull, owing chiefly- to the East
ern labor troubles, whloh continue to interfere
with business.
Hides are quoted strong at the recently Im
proved prices. The demand Is now good.
There is nothing new in Hops. Stocks con
tinue to move slowly 'into consumption.
Hides, TalloiVj Wool and Hops.
New, York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 13.— The cotton market
opened firm,' with prices 4 to 8 points' higher,
and closed easy, 11 to 20 points lower.
Dry. weather complaints are still coming in
from the southern Lima Bean districts and this
description Is very firm. The other kinds show,
no change. Seeds are still very quiet.
BEANS — Bayoa. $3@3 15"; small White $2 50
@2 «(>: large White. $2 50@2 «0: Pea. $3 25@
3 5<>- Pink. $2 15@2 30: Red. ?2 50:, B!ackeye.
$4 75<?5; Limas, $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys,
S3 B0#« 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
10% Q 11 lie: California. 10@10%c; Rape. 1%@>
2'4c: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60©2; Green. $1 50
@2 ; Blackeye. nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, May 13. — Close: Money on
call firm at 4(gS per cent, closing offered at 4
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent
Sterling exchange, steady at, the decline,
with actual business in bankers' : bills at
$4 86% for demand and at $4 84%@4 84% for
sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 85%@4 86 and $4 88@4 88^
Commercial bills, $4 83%@4 84%.
Bar silver, 51 %c.
Mexican dollars,: 41 %c.
Government bonds, weak; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram from London
says: The Stock Exchange business to-day
was merely nominal, but the tone was cheer
ful on General Kitchener's capture of Boers?.
Americans continue stoutly to resist the in
fluence of New York's high money rates, bad
crop reports and the coal strike. To the mar
kets this is a surprise, but the buying is not
local, it is simply a continuance of New York's
rx>licy of transferring speculative commitments
here because of the cheapness in carrying
stocks. The rest was a repetition of yesterday.
It opened hard and then improved. New York
sold at first and then turned buyer, with the re
sult that prices closed at the top. The three
features were Atchison, Union Pacific and Ca
nadian Pacific. Copper sold at £54 5s the ton
and Rio Tintos were steady. .
•The fall in New York exchange suggests that
gold may go over from this side.
Silver Is harder, attributed to New York's
manipulation and to poor supplies. . .
London Market.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10% c; thr«e
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. lOVic; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13%c; 5-lb tins, 13%o;
3-lb tins. l.'Ji^c. . . <
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Kastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef. $!)£?;> 50 per
bbl: extra Mass. $10@10 50: Family, $11@
11 60: prime Mess Pork, $15 50@16; extra clear
$23; Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50®
12 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
This market is dull at the advance of Mon
day. - There are still ample stocks of old goods
on hand, and as they are being offered at the
old quotations the new goods held at the ad
vance are not moving. ¦
Chicago was firm at a slight advance.
Provisions.
The foreign markets were about steady.
Glasgow at closed 53s 7d and Middlesboro at
4Ss 9d. . . * .
The local Iron market renfal/is quiet and
steady In tone and unchanged. Pig iron war
rants were still nominal. No. 1 Northern foun
dry, $19@20: No. 2 foundry, Northern; $18(§19;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, $17 50@18; No. 1
foundry. Southern, soft. $17 50@18.
The local market for lead ruled steady and
unchanged at $4 12%, while at London the
closing price was Is 3d higher at £11 12s 6d.
Spelter held steady here at $4 45. At Lon
don the price declined Is 3d to £18 11s 3d.
Copper was firmer here with standard, spot
to August at $11 70(512. lake $12 12%@
12 27%, electrolytic $11 tiO@12 and casting
$11 75®12. The London copper market closed
2« 6d higher, with spot and futures at 54s 5d
and sales of 300 tons spot and 350 tons futures
recorded.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Locally there was
some advance in prices for tin as a result of a
gain abroad. The closing price for spot here
was $21) S0@30 30 and at London' the gain was
about 15s. That market closed with spot at
£130 15s and futures at £133 5s.
New York Metal Market.
No further changes in Feedstuffs were re
ported yesterday. Hay continued easy and un
changed. ' There is plenty coming in to fill cur
rent requirements.
BRAN— S17W1S 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, S20 50@21 50
par ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2502(5; job
bing. ?2C50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal, $30r>0@3150; Cracked Corn, $31@.T2;
Mixed Feed, $16(fil7: Cottonseed Meal, $26" 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 00; Wheat and Oat.
?S 50^11; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@U; Cla
ver, ?7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@S 50; Stock. $t@8
per ton.
STRAW — 40@65c per bale. .
Hav and Feed stuffs.
NEW YORK, May 13. — Special cable and
telegraphic communication to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies:
Wheat—United States' and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 4,134.000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increased 1,400.000 bushels;
total supply, decreased 2,734,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 601,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 09.000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal,
$2 7-5; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 23; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $1©
4 25; Buckwheat Flour «i 50@4 75: Cracked
Whtat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, ?.'5 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), S7 35@9: in
seeks. $0 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50: Split
Peas. ?5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50(Q>
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras $3 40@3 50:
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$S<&Z 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3®
3 \.*0,
Flour and Millstuffs.
Prices for everything remain undisturbed
The demand 'for Flour is fair.
Wheat — May. July. ' Sept.
Opening .....61% « 1% 6 3%:
Closing ;.*.. Ol% « 1V4 • 6 3»i
•PARIS.
Wheat— & :» . O, Sept. > ; Sept. -Dec.
Opening 2t 00 20 40
Closing 22 00 20 40
Floup —
Opening 20 70 26 35
Closing 26 70 26 35
Foreign 1 Futures.
NEW YORK, May 13.— To-day's stock mar
ket was a dull and narrow affair between
professional traders, for the most Dart, but
a stronger tone was unmistakable. There was
a natural recovery from yesterday's weakness.
The influences which weakened the markets
then were removed to-day and there wa s a
considerable; demand from, the professional
short interest which sold stocks yesterday on
the unfavorable developments. The publica
tion of the Government's report of unfavorable
crop conditions on May 12 induced considerable
realizing by the short interests. Pressure
against shorts was exerted by reports of a
favorable turn in the anthracite strike situa
tion, but no information on this iwint was
forthcoming. Apparently the liquidation forced
by the more urgent discrimination by money
lenders against collateral was completed yes
terday and there were no such formidable
breaches in the prices of high-grade stocks as
on yesterday, when the feature was a strong
sentimental influence against the market Some
of the wide advances ecored to-day in fact
simply represented sudden recoveries or partial
recoveries from yesterday's severe declines
The money situation was somewhat easier to
day, although loans were made again at as
high as 8 per cent. Buying of stocks for
London account was a strengthening factor in
the market. The lower rate &r money still
ruling abroad makes it profltab. for domestic
buyers of American stocks to purchase ¦ them
In London and hold them with money bor
rowed there. Yesterday's sharp relapses in
some stocks awakened skepticism as to many
recent rumors of the source of recent demand
for stocks, said to be for control by large
interests. But the Louisville and Nashville
episode and the known character of some of
the recent distribution of Reading among othsr
railroad Interests keep alive the conviction
that there is a tendency toward the lodgment
of stocks in strong hands for control. The
Ftate of suspension of the Northern Securities
case clearly does not prevent the progress of
plans for control, as the question involved
therein is one of method in holdinsr stocks
after they have been secured. A rumor cir
culated to-day, although emphatically denied,
that the Northern Securities interests Intended
to abandon their present plan,- resulted In a
drop in the stock on the curb to 99, which is
its first fall below parity. The stock market
closed dull and firm.
The bond market was dull and somei^hat
irregular. Total sales, par value, $2,.'UO,000.
United States 2» and 3s declined % per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
• Sales. Hirh. Low. Clos».
Atchlson 18,000 79 77% 78%
Atchison pfd 3,500 97% 96Ti 97'fe
Bait & Ohio 4,000 106% 100^, lOOS?
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 05% iio% 05
Canadian Pacific .. 7,800 128 125>i 127%
Canada Southern .. 100 1)3% 93% 93V4
Chesap & Ohio . . . . 1,100 46«i 4GV 4 46%
Chi & Alton 300 36 35% 35%
Chi & Alton pfd... 2.700 75% 75Vi 75V 4
Chi Ind & Louis... 2,800 77% 75 77%
Chi Ind & L pfd... 800 86 b5\i S5U
Chi & E Illinois ... 1,200 1<W 163 162%
Chi & G Western... 800 3UV4 28 ''. 30
Chi & G W A pfd. .'. S8
Chi & G W B pfd. 2.800 49% 48 40
Chi & Northwestn. 2,500 247 241 24«"5i
Chi R I & Pacific. 500 174% 173% 174M
I Chi Term & Trans. S00 21% 20% 21%
Chi Term & T pfd. 200 3S 37% 37 'A
C C C & St Louis.. 300 104% 103% 104%
Colo Southern 1.9O0 2»% 29% 29^,
I Colo South 1st pfd. 2,700 71 71 7114
Colo South 2d pfd. 800 43% 42% 43'
Del & Hudson C.100 177% 174^ 177V4
Del Lack & West.. 100 275 275 274
Denver & Rio G 4114
Denver & R G pfd. 1,200 90% 90 90%
Erie 12,200 37% 30% 37%
Erie lft pfd 1,200 68 67% C7%
Erie 2d pfd 700 B3% 52% 53
'Great North pfd.... 2.800 183 182% 183
Hocking Valley ... 1,000 80% S0% 81%
Hocking Val pfd... 700 90% 90 90»4
Illinois Central ... 3.200 151% 15O# 151%
Iowa Central 200 45% 45% 45
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 83% 82% 83
Lake Erie & West. 300 05 64 64
I, Erie & West pfd .... 120
LouIb & Nashville. 12.900 142% H0% 142%
Manhattan L 0.600 132'4 131 131%
Metropolitan Et Ry 2,900 148 140% 147V4
Mexican Central .. 1.600 28 27% 27%
Mexican National.. 2,800 18% 18 18%
Minn & St Louis... 100 110 110 110
Missouri Pacific .. 12,100 100% 98% 100>i
M K & Texas 2,500 25V4 24% 25%
M K & Texas pfd. 900 5(5 55 55%
N J Central 100 187 187 188
N Y Central 1,300 15e% 155 156%
Norfolk & West 1,000 57% 57 57
Norfolk & W pfd 80
Ontario & Western. 2,000 33 32% 33%
Pennsylvania 12.100 140% 148% 149%
Reading 47,500 64% 62% .64%
Reading 1st pfd ... 600 84 82% 84
Reading 2d pfd ... 7,100 69% 67% m%
St Louts & S F . . . 1,400 CC% . C5% 66%
FtL&SFletpfd ....- .... .... g3 %
St L & S F 2d pfd 200 73 ' 72 72%
Et -Louis S W. COO 27% 26% 27V+
St Louis S W pfd. SO0 5S% i 57% 58%.
St Paul 29,»00 100 167% 168%
fit Paul pfd 200 190 190 189%
Southern Pacific .. 11,400 6fi 64% G5%
Southern Ry 24.200 37 30% 37
Southern Ry Pfd- 2,900 85% 94% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 1,000 41% 40# 41
Tol St L & West.. 200 21Vi 21 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 500 38% 38 38
Union Pacific 5.400 104% 103% 103%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2,400 S7% 86% 80%
Wabash 3.500 20% 26% 26%
Wabaahpfd 1,700 44V4 43% 44
W & L E 400 22 21% 22
W & L E 2d pfd... 100 -i 3.% 35 :34%
Wl« n»ntraj 2-fifiO or •« «><»•"
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The only feature of the local market at
present is the condition of the crops. Pears
and Prunes are suffering from blight pretty
much all over' the State and crop estimates of
a month ago are being cut in two. The small
Prunes Just out of the blossom are turning
yellow and dropping off. while the Pear trees
are threatened with disease in several San Joa
quin Valley counties by the strange blight al
ready mentioned. According to the Weather
Bureau report the whole fruit yield of the State
will not be as heavy as expected some weeks
ago and in some sections will turn out short.
Telegrams from Oregon to New York report
serious loss in Prunes by the same blight that
is reported in California.-
FRUITS — Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 8@S)c; sun dried, 5@5V>c; Peaches,
«Vi@8V4C; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 5@6c;
unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c for red
and 5%@0c for white; figs, 3%@l%c for black
and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40s. 6Vi@6%c; 40-50s, 5@5^4c; 50-60s, 4%
@4%c; 60-703. 4@4%c; 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80
00s, 3@3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, He; 2-crown, 6%
(?7%c^ Loose Muscatels, G'/4c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials $3-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers.
$1 25®1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ll%c: No.
2. 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 6@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts. 12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts
$3 50(@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@Ilc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4V>c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. "
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%Jg8c. ,
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 2-lb stand
ard 85c; sifted. 93c; extra sifted. $1 10; petit3
pois $1 25. Gallons— Standards. $3 75; extra
sifted. $4 25. Asparagus, per case, 2 dozen cans
to the case — Mammoth White, $2 50@3 75:
large White, $2@3 75; Medium White, $1 75«j»
2 65: Small White. $1 60; Mammoth Green.
$2 <35@3 65; Large Green, $2@2 90: Medium,
Green, $1 75@2 50; Small Green. $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 35@1 55; Apricots, $1 25@1 50;
Peaches, yellow, $1 40®l 65; do. Lemon Cling.
$1 50@l 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 50@l 75; Plums..
$1 10@l 30; Nectarines, $1 25@1 50; Muscat
Grapes, $1 15@1 35: Quinces. $1 30@l 55;
Strawberries, $1 50@l 75; Blackberries, $1 40
@1 60.
COAL— Wellington. $» per ton; SouthfieUl
Wellington $9; Seattle. $B 50; Bryant, $0 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $S; Walls
end $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 20C0 lbs and $8 50
per ton. according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16%c per lb:
Sisal size, 12 Vic; Bale Rope, 12V4c for Sisal an.l
16%c for Manila; Duplex, llftc. Terms, CO
days or 1V> per cent cash discount Lots of
10,000 lbs. lc less. .
PACIFIC CODFISH — Some descriptions ara
higher. "Bundles, per lb, 4%c; cases, regular.
5c; cases, extra large, 5%c; cases. Eastern
style, Cc; Boneless, tic; "Norway." Cc; "Nar
row Gauge." 6'/ic; "Silver King." 7c; blocks,
"Orientals," 6c; blocks, "Seabright," 6%c;
tablets, 7c; Middles. 6%@8c; 5-lb boxes, fancy
Boneless, 0c; 2-lb boxes, fancy Boneless, 7©8c;
Desiccated, per dozen. 80c; Pickled Cod. bar
rals. each, $7; Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each,
$4 50.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12Vi@13Mc for prlma
washed; 10%@ll?ic for good washed; ll%@l:;u
for good to prime washed peaberry: lO^iigllo
foe good to prime peaberry: 10%@llc tor goo<l
to prime; 9@9%c for fair; 5%@7% for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — 12@12%c for strictly prime
washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed:
8-;4@9.%c for fair washed; 10i??ll%c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for good to>
prime semi- washed; 8%<S9c for superior un
washed; SC'is'^c for good green unwashed; 0'r?
0%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry:
5%@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@14c for prime to fancy
washed; 9Vi@10%c for fair to strictly good
washed; 7%©Si4c for good to superior un
washed; 8%@0'/ic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. .
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%@15c for prime
to fancy -washed: 1 Iff 12c for strictly good
washed; 10%©10%c for good washed; 9©10c
for fair washed; 7%<?S-'»ic for medium; 5%«9
7c for inferior to ordinary; 10»4@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8@8%c for good to
¦superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 20<332e: extra
heavy, 30<Gf40c per lb; medium. 27@2Uc; lisht.
24<ft2tic: Rough Leather, 26@2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30<g?.i;;c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c: lleht. 29@.15c:
Skirting No. 1,- 40@42c; No. 2. 3ti@3Sc; Collar
Leather. 15@l«c i>er foot: Trace Leather, 40^
44c: Kip. unfinished, 40@50c per lb; Veal.
finished. 16® 17c Der foot; Belt Knife Splits,
14®l6c; Rouxh Splits. 8310c Der lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick,
$16<5>1S per cord. -,
OIL — California Caitor Oil, in case*. No. 1.
7Cc; pure, *1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
78c: raw. 76c: cases. 5c more; Lucol. CSc'fct*
boiled and CCc for raw, in barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases, $1;
China Nut, 57%®«8c per gallon; pure Neats
fnot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Suerm. pure,
65c: Whale 1 Oil. natural white. 40@50c per
General Merchandise.
*~fnsh ouotations were as follows: No. 2
spring Xt 7«#77c; No 3 73@7Cc; No 2
red 8-Hic; No. 2 oats. 43%@44c; No. 2 white,
45®45%c? NO. 3 white, 45@45%c; No. 2 rye,
«»i<jlc* fair to choice malting barley, 6O@72c;
No 1 flaxseed. $101; No 1 Northwestern,
SI 73; Drime timothy seed, $b 70; mess pork
rer bbl $17 SSQlt 40 lard, per 100 lbs. $10 -JO
@10 32*4 i short ribs side* (loose). 59 67%; dry.
salted shoulders (boxed). S^c; short clear sides
(boxed). $10 15©10 25: whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade. $8 35.
Articles—^ Receipts. * Shipments.
Flour barrels •• 15.000 6.000
Wheat. b bushels 22.000 295.000
Torn bushels ? 9,000 3.i,000
Oats.' bushels. ...... .....178.000- 245,000
Hv» hna^elS 10,000
BJriey. bushels 51,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, 18®22c: dair
ies 18iS20c. Cheese, 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 14»ic. .
The pressure has risen slowly along the en
tire coast and has fallen over Utah and the
Rocky Mountain region. Showers are reported
from Point Conception northward on the coast'
and from Fresno northward in the valley. The
rains have been as a rule very light.
The temperature has fallen In the great val
ley and in the foothills from 4 to IS degrees.
Cloudy, unsettled weather prevails In the
southern portion of the State.
High southeast winds are reported at Inde
pendence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endir-i; midnight. May 14j 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
warmer; light southerly winds in the Interior;
brisk westerly winds en the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday
possibly light showers in the morning; light
southerly winde changing to fresh westerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; warmer; brisk
southwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh westerly winds
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degrees,
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@3 25.
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 25
©2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1®2 50: Valencias.
$2 5O®3; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50® 2 50;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25
@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. 75c@$2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, $2 25@'3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3<g-4 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $u@4 50 for Malindaa; crates, from
Watsonvllle. C5<g«0c, with some large crates
higher; from Florin, e5@85c.
¦ GOOSEBERRIES— 40@75c per drawer.
APPLES— $1<§2 50 per box, according to
quality. - ;
CHERRIES — White, 50@75c per drawer;
Black, 40c&$l per box and drawer.
. | Oranges were generally dtrtl and other fruits
eliowed no change. Three cars of Oranges are
announced for to-day's auction.
.Strawberries were in heavy receipt and ar
rived- in fair condition, but owing to the In
different trading dealers were forced to lower
the price. The Berries in crates from Florin
were mostly green, which accounts for the low
prices.
. Gooseberries were offering freely at easier
prices. ¦ '
-The wet weather had a depressing effect on
the market for fresh fruits. Close on to 1000
boxes of Cherries were received and the fruit
was in good shape, but there are- a great many
email Cherries on the market, which are bard
tosell, even at low figures.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Articles— Open. Hish. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2- ? '
SJK 7«Vl IWi 75% ™*i
September::::: 75 75% 74* 75*
May™ N0 :.. 2 T. 62 62% Cl% 62%
f*& ' 62% 63 O2V4 62%
September':::" 61 Vi 61% • -60% 61%
OatBNo. 2- - 43Vi 43%
July (old) ::.... 35% 35% 34% 36%
Jnly (new) 3<% 37* 3b *
Cpnr fold) .. 25) % 29%
Sept! (new):".." -81$ 31% 30% 31*
s Mess Pork, per bbl— g5
f^z :'.:n'42% n'ss n'42% 17 47%
September ¦ I ". '¦ .17 42% 17 50 17 40 17 50
Lard, per }00^ S - 2 _ ffig*
?*Z 10 27%' 10 35 10 27% 10 32%
Member .....10 35* 10 37% 10 30 10 35
ShortRibs Per OOlb^ 97o
f*Z • « 05 9 72% 9 65 0 67%
September ' X ... 9 07% 972% 967% 972%
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lees 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@0c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7y.c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@S%c per
lb (gross weight). ¦ 2^Li ~. ¦
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50®2 75 per
lnad or 4%©5c per lb llvewelght; yearlings. \
©4*Ac per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, '2C0 lbs and under, C^c,
200 lbs and over, 6@6Vac; feeders, 6<@«%e:
sows 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent of*
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterera to dealers
*re as folloows:
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6%@7o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8^c; Ewes, 7%@
8c per lb. •
LAMB — Spring Lambs, OiS'lO^c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are easy at unchanged prices. Arrivals
are" rather more liberal, as some, are coming:
In from Utah and other Western points. Beef.
Mutton and Veal stand as before quoted. Beef
being steady and Mutton and Lamb In Increas
ing supply.
San Francisco Meat Market.
I he following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
BEEF — Rcast, 10@15c per lb: Tenderloin
Steak. 15<gl"i>c: Porterhouse Steak, 17%#20c;
Round Pteak, ICalS^c; Stew Beef, &@10c;"
Coriied Beef. 8C10c.
VEAL — Roast. 12@15c; Cutlets. lSg'lSc.
MUTTON— Rcast, 12Uc; Chops, 12%@15c;
Stew, 8§10c.
LAMB— Spring, 12 J £@20c; Roast. 15@lSc;
Chops. l5£20c.
PORK — Roast. 124<gl5c: Chops, 15c.
Government Crop Report.
Returns to the department made up to May
1 shew the area under winter wheat in culti
vation en that fiate to have been about
27,103,000 acres. This is 4.SCS.000 acres, or
15.2 per cent, less than the area sown last fall
of the department's estimate, cf which no
modification except for acreage abandoned is
considered necessary. Of this abandonment.
Kar.fcas reports L.833.0G0 acres; Texas an<!
Tennessee «?ach 270,000 acres; Indiana, 205,000;
California. 402,000; Oklahoma. 325,000, au4
Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, Nebraska
and Washing-ton each between 100,ii00 and 200,
000 acres. Fcr the area remaining unitr
cultivation, average condition on May 1 v.ji3
TG.4. against iii.7 in May. 1901; SS.9 at the
tame d^te to 1'JOO, and S^.3 the mean of May
averages! of the last Un years. Present con
dition Is lowest May condition -with exception
of the years 1SCT», 1S^;S and 18SS. since 18S5.
The department's final grain report for 1IW1
"will be iFirjed on Friday, May 23. Of the total
amount of spring jjlovor.s reported as contem
iilated it is estimated that 72.3 per cent was>
actually done up to May 1, against U7 per cent.
at the fame tlate bust year, and a ten-year
average cf 71.10 par cent. la Illinois, Iowa
and Missouri the proportion actually plowed up
to May 1 was lo.lt! and IS per cent., respective
ly, in excest of the proportion usually plowed
by that date, and there is also reported a ma
terial but less markei increase aver the pro
portion usuai'.y plowed by May 1 in Indiana,
Kansas and Nebraska.
The JVcathcr and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director cf the climate and crop service of the
Weather Sureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather has been considerably warmer
than during the preceding week, and generally
clear except Tuesday and Wednesday, v.hen
l:t!.i rain fell in the central ar.d northern sec
tions. Light frosts occurred in the vicinity of
Stockton.
Grain and hay are in very poor condition in
the southern part cf the San Jaaquln Valley
and Southern California, and in some places
the early sown grain . is being cut for hay.
Light crops are also probable in some of the
southern coast counties. In the central ar.d
northern parts of the State grain is in excel
lent condition, and in portions of the Sacra
mento Valley the yield of wheat, eats and bar
ley will probably be above average. Haying is
progressing in all sections; hay is reported ex
celient in quality and the yield gen.. rally heavy.
Green feed is plentitul in most places. Sugar
beets, hops end vegetables are making good
growth. •
Late reports from Sonoma County Indicate
that prunes have been seriously damaged by
blight, in some localities more seriously than
reported last week, and that the yield will fall
Jar below the average. No reports have been
received from the Santa Ciara Valley. Other
deciduous fruits and vineyards are in excellent
condition, and citrus fruits are doing well.
fcacramer.to Valley. — Warm weather, with
lipht rain at the beginning of the week, bene
fited all crcps. Hay cutting has commenced,
ar.d a heavy crop is being harvested. Winter
wheat is in excellent condition. Oats, bar
ky end early sown wheat were never better
st this season, and heavy crops are expected in
W-tU sections. Green feed is abundannt and of
I excellent quality. Cherries and strawberries
I of superior quality are plentiful at Red Bluff.
The first carload of cherries was shipped East
from Vacaville in express refrigerators Satur
day. Fruit thinning is progressing slowly,
owing to scarcity of labor. Prospects continue
good for heavy crops of all deciduous fruits.
Oranges are in good condition.
Coafct and Bay Sections. — Nearly normal tem
perature has prevailed during the week. Light
ra:n fell in the central and northern sections
Monday and Tuesday. CJraln and hay continue
in excellent condition *s.cept in San Benito
County and adjacent districts, where these
crops are backward and will probably be very
light. Haying continues, &.nd in most places a I
good crop, excellent in quality, is being har- !
vested. The sugar beet crop is well advanced,
and bean planting is progressing in San Luis
Obispo County. A large acreage of corn is be
ing planted in Sonoma County. Hops are mak
vigorous growth. Three special reports on the
prune crou have been received from Sonoma.
County; the report from Santa Rosa says the
yield will be much better than estimated last
wjtek, probably two-thirds of an average crop;
trora Fulton the report reads: "All prunes in
this vicinity euddenly began to turn yellow this
week, and growers expect only one-fourth of a
crop"; at Peachland "the prune crop will be
very short." Prunes are dropping in San Be
nito County. Other deciduous fruits are re
ported in excellent condition.
San Joaquin Valley. — Clear, warm weather
has prevailed during the week, with cool nights
and no rain. Light frosts damaged potatoes
in the vicinity of Stockton. Grain has made
fair growth, but is needing rain badly; reports
from Fresno and Tulare counties state that the
crop will b« very short, owing to lack of rain
«ar!y in the season, and in eome places the
grain will not tven make good hay. Barley
is heading out at 3>-l Rey. and grain is ripen
ir.p et Madera. All grains are reported as
filling out very well in Stanislaus County, and
a g-ood yield is probable. Green feed is still |
abundant in most places. Haying In progress- 1
ing. Deciduous fruit prospects are excellent in I
nearly all hections.. though there are reports I
of apricots and peaches dropping in some places.
Orchards and vineyards are being liberally irri
eated.
Southern California. — "Warm, clear weather
during- the week hes been very beneficial to de
ciduous fruits, which are advancing rapidly
and cive indications of a good yield. Orange
ar.d lemon trees are heavily laden with blos
eoms. Walnuts are reported lighter than last
eeason. Early sown grain is being cut for hay
in many places, and unless rain comas very
eoon the crop will be nearly a failure. Late
eraln is in better condition, but needing rain.
A good crop of hay is being liarvested. Pota
toes and Euiar beets are doing well.
Los Angeles summary- — The weather is grad
ually approaching summer conditions. Consid
erable, cloudinesp. but no rain. Navel oranges
are blooming full, and more evenly than for
years.
Eureka summary. — Warm weather with
showers greatly benefited grain and gardens in
rome localities. Corn planting much delayed.
Prospects • for good cror>» were never better.
Sheep shearing is in progress.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian — Pacific Time )
FAX FRANCISCO. May 13. 1902—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day:
Eureka 04-52 Fresno 80-54
Han Francisco ftO-51 Sacramento 62-54
Pan Luis Obispo. .04-4* San Diego CC-54
Red Bluff 60-52 Los Angeles 70-48
Independence . . . .72-Zi'J. 1
Retail Meat Prices.
¦ . , CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, 98c. • .. . -
Second Session— July, new — 2000 : ctls, 84c;
2000, 84%c. December — 10,000 ctls , 80% c;
8000, 81c; 4000. 80%c; 14,000, 80%c.
- Regular Morning • . Session — December — 1000
ctls, 80%c; 2000, 80% c.
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls. 81c.
? OATS — The market continues Inactive and
featureless. Offerings, while not large, are
ample for the demand.
Grays, $1 32%@1 40; whites, $1 32%@1 45;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 20@l 32V.; red,
$1 30@l 42% per ctl.
CORN — The operator who late bought up all
the spot stock was again in the market yes
terday e.nd under his liberal purchases the
market again advanced, as will be seen. The
situation throughout the West is strong, and
Chicago Is several fractions higher.
Large Yellow, $1 45®1 50; small round do,
$1 f-Oftfl 55; White, $1 5501 00
RYE— Still dull at 90@f)5c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — There are several lots on
the market at $1 75 per ctl asked.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls. $111%;
2000, $1 11%; 4000. $1 11%; 14,000. $1 11%;
10,000, $1 11%. . . -•¦•"; ..-¦.. ,
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctls,
$1 13%. December— 12,000, $1 11%. . :
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
?1 11%; 62,000. $1 12. May— 2000, $1 14. -
BARLEY — Holders were inclined to ask $1
for Feed yesterday, but as far as known did
not succeed in selling -any at this advanced
price. The undertone was firm, . but the mar
ket continued dull. ¦...-., . --¦ • . :
Feed, 97%@98%c for No. 1 and 95@06%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, $1;
.Chevalier. ?1@1 20. ¦ .
•, Informal - Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 11%. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The spot market is
steady and about as before, at 25s, usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet in port- has <a
registered tonnage of 23,117. against 26,260 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged. 21,800
tons, against 6738; on the way to this port,
250,600 tons, against 174,290. '. .
WHEAT — The Government report,, which ap
pears in the first column, shows a crop condi
tion May 1 considerably below the average. It
indicates a winter Wheat crop of .34.1,500,000
bushels, whereas the April report indicated
415,000.000. The May report shows a falling
off of 100,000,000 bushels from 1901. The report
is considered bullish at Chicago.
¦' The foreign markets . showed little change;
The feelingat Chicago was. firm but Inactive.
Outside orders were scarce. The crowd was
bearish but timid on ¦ the Government report.
Everything was bullish but the market, which
was narrow and professional. Bradstreet's
gave stocks as follows: East of the Rockies,' a
decrease . of 4,134,000 bushels; Europe and
afloat; an increase of . 1,400,000; net decrease,
2,734,000 bushels. .
In this market futures were more, active and
higher, while the shipping market remained un
changed. -, ' '
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 12% ; milling,
$1 13% @1 15 per ctL I
Wheat and Other Grains.
EGGS — Ranch. lS@18%c for fancy and'16@
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy, lS%@19c for firsts and 17@lSc for . sec
onds; dairy, 16@18%cr store Butter, 14@lCc
per pound. . . ¦
CHEESE— New. S%@9%c; old, 9@llc; Young
¦America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13® 15c per pound.
Receipts were 70,100 pounds, 6 kegs and 410
tubs of Butter, 1077 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern Eggs, 8500 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
Free receipts of poor and common stock con
tinue the feature of the Egg market, which is
reported rather weak than otherwise. At the
same time choice ranch are in lighter supply
than the lower grades, and firm at previous
prices. The market is uninteresting at the
moment, and lacks feature. Store egg3 are be
ing offered at concessions. •
The buying of Butter and Cheese for Los
Angeles account proved insignificant,' and no
sales for' that place were reported yesterday.
Both Butter and Cheese continued easy under
liberal stocks.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
'Sterling Exchange is lower. Silver is also off
a fraction. ¦ ¦
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight. — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce ' — 51%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — ' 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Steers. 10%(3!llc; medium. 0%@10c: light. 8<j>
9c; Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light; Stags, 6V>@7c; Salted Kip. 8%@0c;
Salted Veal. 9<39%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry Kip. llfJ
13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and Brands. 15fd
16c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 40@60c each: medium, 65@75c; Ions
Wool, 8OcS-$l 2O each; "Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
®3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, %'l
for small, and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for ; large. $1 50 for medium, $1@1 25 for
small and 30c for Colts. Buck Skins,— Dry
Mexican. 32%c? dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 32%c. Goat Skins^ — Prima
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb:
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL— Spring— Northern free. 14@16c; do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c;
do, defective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 9@
10c; do, 7 months, 0@llc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12©15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 13.— This was the day for
digesting the Government, crop report in the
grain pits and- although the' statistics offered
by the department were materially bullish over '
last observations the crowd, as usual, assumed
that it knew more about the true . condition
than did the Government and paid only pass
ing attention' to it. ' Notwithstanding the bear
reception of the crop the market showed a
good (tone at the opening, July opening %@%c
to %@%c higher at 7U%@7U',4c and advanced
to 7(i%c. Soon, however, came, the expected
selling. There were several dins and re
coveries and July sold under yesterday at
75%@75%c. ' The opinion prevailed for a time
that no one really believed the report and
selling was marked, especially from the North
west. Outside markets spurted early, but
sagged off later and the tendency was for
the market to get back to statistics for its
guide. Receipts were very small. .Bradstreet's
reported the world's visible decreased by 2,
734,000 bushels and contract stocks were re
ported rapidly falling off. There was some
rain in the Northwest that helped the tone
somewhat but the" crowd as a whole tot lib
erally short of stuff.- Then came some fair
export business and the crowd got frightened.
It soon appeared that the market was over
sold and prices advanced rapidly as shorts
covered. July gained its top figure again and
closed firm. %c higher, at 70%@70%c.
•Corn had the support of wheat to help it,
but trade was dull. July, closed %c up at
Oats followed wheat and corn. July closed
a shade up at 37%c. * ¦ - .
Hog products showed renewed strength aga'n
on- a Btrong hog market, and commission-house
buying. July pork closed 5c up, . lard 10c
higher and ribs 5@7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Sterling Exchange lower. Silver off a fraction. !
Some descriptions of Pacific Codfish advanced.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet. Barley dull.
Oats and Rye as previously quoted. Corn higher.
Hay and Feedstuff s shozv no further cluinge.
Lima Bean districts still complain, of dry weather.
Butter, CJwcsc and Eggs unchanged.
Weather Bureau reports from Fruit districts not flattering.
Provisions dull. Old goods underselling the new.
Hcgs easy under rather more liberal arrivals.
Beef, Mutton and Veal unchanged.
Hides firm at the recent . advance.
Wool and Hops quiet and featureless.
Potatoes end Onions quieter. Vegetates lower.
Poultry weak and generally loivcr. •
Rainy zucathcr affects the Fresh Fruit market.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, May 13.— Wheat— Steady; Blue
slcm, 66%c; Club, 05%c.'
PORTLAND, ¦ May 13.— Wheat— Nominal;
Walla Walla, G6c; Bluestem, 67c. ;
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Chicago Grain MarksL
Wis Central pfd... 400 48&. 48 47%
express Companies — . . ¦ '
Adams ...;...". . -#< 195 ¦
American " * " " " * * " 202
United States '..'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. 113
Wells-Fargo .... .... 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper . 20,700 67% 66% 67%
Amer C & F...... 400 30 29% 29%
Amer C & F pfd .. 80U
Amer Linseed Oil 24
Amer Lin Oil pfd 50
Amer S & R 1,400 46% 46 46
Amer S & R pfd 90
Anaconda Mln Co. 1,000 112 111% 111'/.
Brooklyn Rap T... 5.500 65% 04% 65%
Colo F & 1 22,000 102% 99Vi 102%
Consolidated Gas . 2,400 '. 222% 220 222
Cont Tob prfd 200 120% 120% 119%
Gen Electric 800 319% 319 319%
Hocking Coal 400 18 18 18%
Internat Paper 20»i
Internat Paper pfd 73%
Internat Power ... 300 03% 93%
Laclede Gas • .... ... 88
National Biscuit .. 100 49 49 49
North American . . 1,200 122% 120 122
National Lead 19%
Pacific Coast 05
Pacific Mail 300 39% 38% 39
People's Gas ' 2,400 102 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,(500 43% 43% 43%
Press Steel Car pfd 600 83 83 83%
Pullman Pal Car. 100 237 237 235
Republic Steel .... 400 17% 17% 1T%
Rep Steel pfd 800 73 72$ 73
Sugar 9,300 127% 126 127%
Tenn Coal.& Iron. 5,900 64% 63% 64%
UnonB&PCo..; 100 15% 15% 15%
UnionB&Ppfd... 300 82 82 82
U S Leather 500 13% 13 13
Vt £ her pfd " 300 83 & 83% 8 2^
U S Rubber irv,
U S Rubber pfd . ... 55
Vr * f* tee J y* 12 - f)0 ° 41 % 40 % 40%
U S Steel pfd 13,500 91% 00% 91
A\ eetern Union 500 91% 91% 91%
Amer Loco 1,100 31% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd.... 3,700 93 92 92%
K C Southern 11,100 31 29 30%
K C So pfd 1,600 60% 59 60%
Total shares eold. 490, 200
NEW YORK BONDS.
u S ref 2sregi....lO9% L & N Uni 4s... 103
Do 2s coup :iO9% Mex Cent 4s 82
Do 3s reg 1OS% Do 1st lnc 32%
Do 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg.. 137% M K & T 4s.. ....101
Do 4s coup 137% Do 2ds 83
Do old 4s reg... Ill N Y Cent lsts....lO4%
Do old 4s coup. .111 Do gen 3%s.:..109
Do 5s reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s.. 138
Do 5s coup. 105% Northern Pac 4s.. 104%
Atchison gen 4s.. .103% Do 3s.... 73'
_, Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s.' . '. ."l0l%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading Gen 4s:.. 99%
£° 3%s 06% S L & I M con 5s.llO
Do conv 4s 107 S L & S F 4s. . . . 99
Canada Sou 2ds... 108% SL SW lsts 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 109 Do 2ds... 87
Do 1st inc 85V4 S A & A Pass 4s. 90
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 Southern Pac 4s.. 9594
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84 Southern Ry 5s.. .132%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96 Tex & Pac lsts 121
C M&St P gen 4s.ll5 Tol St L & W 4s! 83
C & N con 7s 134 Union Pac 4s....lOO?i
C R I & P 4s 110% Do conv 4s 107
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts 120
Chic Ter 4s 89 Do 2ds 110%
Colo & Sou 4s 95 Do Deb B... 77
D & R G 4s 104% West Shore 4s 114%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% Wh & L E 4s . 93
Do gen 4s S7% Wis Cent 4s 93V4
F W & D C lsts.. 113% Cons Tob 4s 65
Hock Val4%s....lll j
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 11
Alice 50 Ontario 7 50
Breece 50 Ophir ..135
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix o«
Comstock Tunnel.. 05V'. Potosi 25
Con Cal & Va 1 35'Pavage 11
Deadwood Terra... 75 Blerra Nevada 24
Horn Silver... 1 40' Small Hopes 40
Iron. Silver 72!titandard 3 30
Leadville Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — United Fruit 106
Call loans 4%@6 Westngh Com, . . . 103
Time loans 4%@5 Mining —
Bonds — . ; Adventure ... 22%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez 3%
Gas lsts 95 Amalgamated 67%
Mex Cent 4s 81 Daly West 42Vj
N E G & Coke 57 Bingham 36%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.550
Atchison 7S% Centennial ...:.... 19 .
Do pfd 07 Copper Range 83%
Boston & Albany. 2«2% Dom Coal ..13«
Boston & Maine.. 196 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated.. 1G4 Isle ¦ Royale 14
N Y N H & H 232 Mohawk .•?«%
Fitchburg- pfd 145 Old Dom 1»
Union Pac HWVi'Osceola *62 '•
Mex Central 27 % (Parrot ¦..•.-.•:...- ". 26 '¦
; Miscellaneous — IQuincy ....... ..'..125
Am Sugar 127% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Do pfd 118 Tamarack 1CS
Am Tel & Tel 179 Trinity 12'i
Dom I & S 55% United States 20%
Gen Electric 317 'Utah 21%
Mass Electric 43% Victoria 411
Do pfd 87 Winona 2%
N H G & Coke... 4- Wolverine . . .¦ 64
U S Steel 41 United Copper. ... 33%
Do pfd 91
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 95% N Y Central 100%
Do for acct 95% |N & W. . 5S%
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 92%
; Atchison 50Vi Ontario & W 3-J%
Do pfd 100 Pennsylvania .... 78
Bait & Ohio .109% Heading «2%
Canadian Pac ...129% Do 1st pfd 42%
Ches & Ohio 47% Do 2d pfd...... 35
Chic G W 30 Southern Ry 37%
Chic M & St P.. 172>4 Do pfd 96%
D&RG 42^ Southern Pac ... 67
Do pfd :. 93 Union Pac 106%
Erie 37% Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd 69% U S Steel 42
Do 2d pfd 50% Do pfd 93M.
Ill Central 154% Wabash 27
L & N". 142 Do pfd 44%
M K & T 26 Spanish Fours ... 78%
Bar silver, uncertain, 23%d per ounce.
Money, 2%©2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe. $1 50.
@5; young Roosters. $0@S; old Roosters, $4@
4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $1 50@2 for small; Pigeons. $1 75@
2 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
Twelve sacks of Game came in and sold
readily at the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 00; Goslings, $1 75®2 25; Ducks, $4®
4 50 for old and $4 50@6 for jsoung; Hens, $.4
The market was weak all around and most
descriptions were quoted lower. Small Broil
ers and second-class stock j were particularly
slow. Receipts of Callfornian were 41 coops.
Two cars of Eastern" were placed on the mar
ket, making 4 for the week, and eold slowly,
as the. stock was chiefly Hens, which were of
fering at $ti@<> 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game
PORTLAND. May 13.— Clearings, $474,812;
balances, $47,436.
SPOKANE, May 13.— Clearings, $299,202;
balances, $19,344. * '' ¦¦'¦¦¦'
SEATTLE, .May 13.— Clearings, $689,222; bal
ances, $133,310. - . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ -
Northern Business.
dition,' but not In active demand. The market
holds firm on light offerings, with prices un
changed. State, common to good, 7@9c; prime,
9Vi@«%c: choice, 9Si@10%c; fancy, 10%@llc.
In prunes a better demand is noted, with the
feeling a shade firmer. Full outside prices are
asked for new fruit; in old, values are Irreg
ular, though the feeling is steadier. Apricots
and peaches continue in moderate request and
are steady at quotations. ¦ . ¦• * ' : r ¦
PRUNES— 3%@0%c. . ¦ ¦¦ -" -\
APRICOTS— Boxed. 10%@14c; bags, 10% @
12c. . - • •
PEACHES — Peeled. 14@16c; unpeeled, 1 6%@
lie. • . •
standard California, 6s 5d@<3s 5%d;- wheat in
Paris, -steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
overcast.^ " : ';¦''-¦
.COTTON — Uplands, G 3-32d.
• The Produce ' Exchange . will be closed on
Monday, May 10: •
geles Tomatoes, $1 50@2 25 per box and crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 50«?2 per box for re
packed; Dried Peppers, lOlillc per lb; Los An
geles do. 13@17%c; Carrots. 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 40075c per dozen for small
and $1(9)1 25 for large; Garlic. 2@3c; Los An
geles Green Peppers. ; Mexican do. S@10c;
Ess Plant, from Los Angeles, 10®12^c; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles $l@l 25; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash. ?15@20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Markets.
¦ LONDON. May 13.- r Consols, 95^4;' -silver.
23 % d ; French ¦ rentes, , lOlf 5c; ; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; No.' 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s 3d; English country markets, firm. •
' .LIVERPOOL. May. 13.— Wheat." firm;" No. 1
.LONDON,' May 13.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales ; to-day numbered , 14,235 5 bales.
Competition was spirited. .'.Scoureds were In
active demand, especially for the home trade.
London Wool Sales.
New York Grain and Produce.
11
Carson 29.82
Eureka 29. 9G
Fresno 29.93
Flagstaff 29.84
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 74
Independence . .29 . 68
Los Angeles.. 29. 68
Phoenix 29.74
Portland 29.84
Red Bluff 2S.80
Roseburgr 29 . 64
Sacramento . . 29 . 90
Salt Lake 29.72
San FrancSsco.30.02
S. L. Oblspo..30.04
San Diego 29.08
Seattle 29.96
Spokane 29.82
Neah Bay 29.94
Walla "Walla.. 29. S4
"Wlnnemucca ..29.78
Tuma 29.76
5C 42
(54 52
SO 48
70 30
78 44
72 52
70 4S
94 CO
70 52
66 52
72 50
«:2 54
80 56
60 50
64 42
66 54
<52 50
78 42
56 48
76 54
08 4S
94 56
N'B ¦
SW
E
S
SE
SE
W
NW
N .
BE
SW
S
SE
W
w
NW
E
W
NW
NW
W.
SE
Cloudy .14
Clear .04
Rain T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .02
Pt Cldy .46
Cloudy .11
Cloudy .22
Clear .00
Clear .54
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .01
Cloudy .00
Clear .18
Cloudy T-
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
THE COAST RECORD.
».
¦I
STATIONS. £ I|?l Ta %"•¦ $
•,rf» • • ;
toria 29.»<5 60 50 SW Pt ady .34
kcr ....... 29. hi 70 CO NW Cloudl' .00
THE COAST RECORD.
».
¦I
STATIONS. £ I|?l Ta %"•¦ $
•,rf» • • ;
toria 29.»<5 60 50 SW Pt ady .34
kcr ....... 29. hi 70 CO NW Cloudl' .00
Carson 29.82
Eureka 29. 9G
Fresno 29.93
Flagstaff 29.84
Pocatello, Ida. 29. 74
Independence . .29 . 68
Los Angeles.. 29. 68
Phoenix 29.74
Portland 29.84
Red Bluff 2S.80
Roseburgr 29 . 64
Sacramento . . 29 . 90
Salt Lake 29.72
San FrancSsco.30.02
S. L. Oblspo..30.04
San Diego 29.08
Seattle 29.96
Spokane 29.82
Neah Bay 29.94
Walla "Walla.. 29. S4
"Wlnnemucca ..29.78
Tuma 29.76
5C 42
(54 52
SO 48
70 30
78 44
72 52
70 4S
94 CO
70 52
66 52
72 50
«:2 54
80 56
60 50
64 42
66 54
<52 50
78 42
56 48
76 54
08 4S
94 56
N'B ¦
SW
E
S
SE
SE
W
NW
N .
BE
SW
S
SE
W
w
NW
E
W
NW
NW
W.
SE
Cloudy .14
Clear .04
Rain T.
Clear .00
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear .02
Pt Cldy .46
Cloudy .11
Cloudy .22
Clear .00
Clear .54
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .01
Cloudy .00
Clear .18
Cloudy T-
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
A FAIR-iVilNDEDj
Who reads t>e' prosoectus of Tacoma •
Co. Steel Corporation and the Alaska
Central Railway, with their references, '.
must say the opportunity for profitable
buy in s is exceptional. • Inform your-
self concerning these legitimate propo-
sitions. .Price. lower, now than it will
• be again. .We supply, prospectus. ; - ; ;
The American Guaranty andfrust Co., 1
. . 880-1-2-3 Hayward Euildiag. U
EEEHEnsHEEHEnasEsaHnsaafflESHsaHHnaHHsiHsnHSHHas
Q WE OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION 5'
H • " |g
§ First, General Mortgage "4 Per Cent Sinking Fund Gold Bonds of the g|
H lft | H -a- ¦— h^k h-*. H
¦ OF SAM FRL4NnSfffe s
a . ' . ,¦ . -¦¦.-, . h
j| Principal payable on April 1,1927. Coupons payable April 1st and Oc- §j
t§ tober 1st, at 92J4 and accrued interest from April 1st. S
H The authorized issue of Bonds will be ...........§33,275,000 «
Bi . There, will be reserved to provide for the present outstand- jy
; H ing Bonds of the former street railway companies and H.
G3 for further improvements .....*. $1 3,275,000 IT
H The present net income of the United Railroads of San Francisco is H
™ ample to insure regular semi-annual payment of its coupons and leave a S
g surplus for a liberal Sinking Fund. .. U
H Subscriptions will be received on ., H;
'5 Thursday; may 15th ¦ 1902, at ten o'clock a. m... and g.
H CLOSE AT THREE O'CLOCK P. M. OF THE SAME r fi
H DAY, AT THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF .'•'»!
U SAN FRANCISCO, AND MESSRS. ANT. . - Kt
g BOREL&CO., SAN FRANCISCO. K g
Bg Subscriptions must be accompanied by deposit of FIFTY DOL- gg
;H LARS PER BOND subscribed, which deposit will be returned on any B)
jH bonds' not allotted, the right being reserved to award a smaller amount Bi
' £ than that applied for. .... 2
|H ' ISAIAS W: HELLMAN. g
§j ANT. BOREL & CO.. |j
B San Francisco, May 12, 1902. Financial Agents. 53
maBEDEiaBBOgiBBBBHBBaaBBBIIBBHBBiaaBapBliaBBBSra
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE fe
STANDARD BRED AND GENERAL PUR-
HORSES
¦ ' ¦ Comprising
105 HEAD OF MARES AND GE1.DING3.
¦¦:*." ((Bred at Rancho del Paso.) .,:...
TO BE SOLD together with
.70 HEAD YOUNG MULES
At THE AMERICAN RIVER BRIDGE,
In the Suburbs of Sacramento, on
THURSDAY. May 15. 1902.
And Continuing on Succeeding Days Until AU
Are Sold. .
Sale Commences at 10:30 a. m. each day.
Terms Cash.
Write to JOHN MACKEY. Supt., for cata-
logues.
FRED H. CHASE and W. H. HORD.
Livestock Auctioneers.THE SA*T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
12
LODfiTNG HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
¦ :SS rooms, r*>nt $S0 $1800
20 rooms, rent $00 51300
WINSTON 28 rooms, rent Si5 $1100
& 35 rooms, rent $U5.v . .$2000
WOLF, 35 rooms, rent $S0 $1000
1020 24 rooms, rent $42 $1300
MARKET ST. 20 rooms, rent $50.... $S75
100 rooms, rent $200 $6500
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1200 Market st.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; socd locfition; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms ; sunny ; soori renter 950
S rooms; tunny flat: corner £00
31 rooms; downtown; good 700
IS roc— is; rent ST7 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1U per cent per month/
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Majket et. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chnnces r.nd real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean M*ws«y at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
Sr>0 Market st. and S Stockton St.. •
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotols, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodsing-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
Money loaned. IVi P*r cent.
BARGAINS end many choice Investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to inspection; kindly call at
office. -
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. bet. Oth and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
83 ROOMS; rent $05; lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears
$125 a month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. For
particulars address box 1724. Call office.
9 ROOMS; rent $45; good house; nice lawn;
desirable location; new furniture; on account
of departure must be sold; price reduced to
$650. Address box 096. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us: we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St., room 10
(Glascow block).
LARGEST LIST— Lowest Price— Best Terms.
A. H. RETSLOFF,
906 Market, ccr. Ellis (phone John 531).
WANTED — To buy branch bakery In Oakland
or San Francisco; state price. Address box
4275. Call office. Oakland.
AN old-established restaurant: guarantee $100
per month; centrally located; must sell at
sacrifice; going north. Box 963, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; everything new; liv-
ing rooms; sickness. Cor. Sutter and Devlsa-
dero sts. ¦ '
NEWLY furnished paying house on Third st. ;
rent cheap. Inquire at S42 Howard St.
$100 — TOBACCO and cigar store with living
rcoms; rent $13; must sell. Apply 140 First.
THE Lurline Lunch and Coffee Parlor, near
Lurllne Baths. 1009 Larkin Et.
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth et.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S elate writing and test seance,
Sun., Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c. Readings daily 1052 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 10S4 Bush St.; $1;. Phone Larkin 4133.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter ?2. 1164 O'Farrell Et.: Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, J.424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS ;
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently-
located at 17 Third Bt., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays' events to occur in the. fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you ¦will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
' $5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
__________________ __
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fail call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist, Mme. J. 'Lyons, 1016 Market, parlors 8-i).
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil: — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true: send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
6_, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 20.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2ac up. 5 Fourth st. '
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circle Tuesdays &
Fridays, 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; read, daily.
CARD reader and clairvoyant; 25c. 1601 Mis-
sion st.: hours 1 to S.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium: truth or
• no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3: readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
PROF. DESTINE, the first" registered life
reader ever in San Francisco. 127 Ellis st.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 Oth, r. 14.
25c— SPECIAL, one week. PROF\ MILES,
clairvoyant, palmist, 1010 Mission, nr. 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mission st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c; gents- 50; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
lng works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Kcrpet Co — Cleaning 3',4c yd;upholster-
. ing.1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
i RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
: CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th Bt. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
. IMPROVED carpet-cleaning •— orks. 1512 Polk;
, • tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT.- Prop.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th at.; tel. Mission 74.
i COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
j unless cuccessful. Room 310. 927 Market *t.
1 ; '
, COTTAGES TO LET.
REAR house of 5 sunny rooms; rent reason-
¦ able: call forenoon. 4220 24th st.. nr. Castro.
¦ COTTAGES FOK SALE. [ -
| COTTAGE, 5 rooms, j bath, for sale; to be
J moved from lot on' Steiner, bet. Oak and
{ Fell. H. GEILFUeS & SON. 120 Fulton st.
) DENTISTS.
\ ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09~Markc t. cor!
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
l lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown? $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 5C
up: office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
- 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 0 Turk st., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
J gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
' I PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Ful* eet of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, SOc.
• DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
METER, 40 O'Farrell, late of 0 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.,
> Sr.T of teeth without plate. DR. it] _"
) YOUNG 1SU Polk st.
) '..'.. K • m
) PRESSMAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
> MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery S;hcoT;
) cor6Ct-ma.i_ng tausct; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st, nr. 7th _ Howard.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery~2civT
TOSH <fc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
IRON sidewalk doors with castiron frames;
second-hand, but rquai to new, and at only
halt cost: iron .ratines. P. H. JACKSON
& CO.. 228-230 Flr3t st.
A — BUYS, seila or rents sear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; bi_ stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The,
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., t>52 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new. cost
$250, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 3S. Box 1728. C»I1 office.
NEW and 2d-hand boilbrs. engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood «nd iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITfl. 130 Beala st.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedoru, hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny *t., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 TS. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARI-ORS, 437 Montgomery st.
, ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale — Cheap; 1 barber pole, chairs^ stands
and mirrors. Apply at 1S35 Mission st.
FOR sale — A fresh cow. at 2699 Union st
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beals st.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B.. MA ART, Valley Ford. Cal.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE enelnes, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HET^I
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st. V
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boiler*
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern enjrtnes & boilem
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. .16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year ' for $1.
postage paid.
MISCEL_*.N_OUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskin*:
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call office.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, an»
condition. FarnsworthElectrtcal Wks. .418Tartc.
£ MONEYTO^ JLOAN.
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montsomerj • st., room X.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. . _£]
On second mortgages. -• -I
On third mortgages. • |
On undivided interests In real estata. . ¦
On estates In probate. ' i. ' I
On legacies. - " t
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5510.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery rt., room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ;.«
On First and Second Mortgage*..... m
On Life Interests in Estates.: «
Property Being Held In Trust „
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY .,
See HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAM
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st flcor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan In sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate ot
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St., room 10 (Glasgow
block). ______________
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, - at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 3*1
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
: ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni.
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO..; 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage;
r>llaj)le party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden- ]
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal I
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LJCK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81, 6 Eddy, floor i.
Money loaned salaried'people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants" E_c, 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. _,
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bids.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th» "Weekly Call,
1C pagea. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MUS^ICALJtNSTRPMENTS.
AS we are closing out the Hallet * Davis
agency on account of th» sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for. $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
some special bargains:
" 1- Bourne $tT
1 Weber 69
1 Knabe 93
1 Marshall 139
3 Smith & Barnes $139 to 240
2 Steinway 26rt to 383
3 Heine 235 to 383
2 Chlckerlng M93 to 280
6 Organs 15 to 33
Rents, $2: Installments. $3. or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please- bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
. offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
ariortment cf best makes to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers
cor Kearny and Sutter ft*., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts. Oakland.
; ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 2 yeara and full purchase price al-
lowed on, a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only SOc a day to buy _'
' piano from us. KOHLER & > CHASE, 30'
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS — ~"
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Pccond-hand square pianos from $50 up
Second-hand organs from S2T> tip; new upright
piano3 from $175 tip. BENJ. CURT\Z %
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. itaso'a
and Hamiin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
; BARGAINS are only bargains when you are
enabled to get value received. You get rnors
than that In every piano purchased from us.
"*„ sel i 1 i h , e 2!}??™*' Baumelster and Stod-
ard. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
• 769 Market st. • .
$50— ROSEWOOD piano for sale- cost $400- oo
- $5 Installments. 1309 Gough. near XJeary.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
i T 9,V^ may want a plano 'or rent. 8COTT-
i CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THE WILEY BT ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
fcteefc. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must b«
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP — _ only, new. $430; high-jrrada upright*.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
$170;irreat sacrifice :almost new upright. Schmlta
& Co.. 1C McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
BYRON MAUZT, 30S-310-312 Por.t st.; Sohmer
c.n'1, other rianoa and pipe organs.
SU1 ERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ST
MULLER, . maker, repairer. ¦ 2 Latham plase.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly CaU,
10 pases. In wrapper for mailing:. $1 per year.
ri$ joj J-eaA auo trpBtre o jo sstbjs paiiaa
FLATS TO LET.
, UPPER flat, 7 rooms and basement rooms;
' fine marine view. 2002 Vallejo St.; key at
__3t>-l. ..
$20 — SUNNY • upper Slat, 5 rooms, bath and
yard. : 16 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth. -.'¦'
ELEGANT top flat: 6 rooms and bath. 735
. Minna st. near Ninth: .-•'..-
PINE, 2132— C rooms bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134, Pine.
TWO flats of .3 rooms each; rent cheap. 3
Hampton place, near . Third and Folsom sts.
. IVJuATS ,KOit - SALii • LlCNlSfcl—iU.
THE .new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an. S-room modern sunny flat near Van
Ness ave., on Eddy st. Address box 994, Call.
$375— A COZY flat of 5 rooms; beautifully fur-
nlshed; rent $20. S07 Ellis st. \
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnlshed~iii oak. $18 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
OAK parlor- set, oak chairs, bed-room fur.,
\ couch, hat rack, etc. 2824 California st. .
FURNISHED 5-room flat bath; first-class. 130
Eddy st.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale, cheap. 17
Rues St.. flat S. ¦ • - ' ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG prico paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
_^LOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.^
AT C. R. HANSEN^&'ca^S.... 429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
b pantry women, different springs and re-
sorts, $30-$20. can see party here for some;
• 25 waitresses, city country and resort hotels.
.$20-?30; 2 cooks. ' summer resorts, $30-$40;
laundresses, summer resorts and country ho-
tels, $30-$25; chambermaids, city and coun-
try, $20-$14 .....'.
" • : FAMILY DEPARTMENT
25 places for housegirls, country; as many
more for city places at the best of wages;
also want second girls, . nurseglrls, nice,
places. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429
Bush st.
HOUSEGIRL for New Mexico, nice American
family, - choice place see party here, fare
_ paid, $25. C.R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush.
WANTED — 4 cooks. $30, $35; French second
girl and seamstress, $30; chamberwork and
sewing, $25; dining-room jrlrl. Institution,
$25; 6 second girls, city and country, $20,
$25; 8 chambermaids and waitresses, family
hotel, $20; 2 waitresses, hotel, country. $25,
fare paid; chambermaid, as«ist waiting, also
waitress, same hotel, springs $25; cook for
men, $30; laundress for Institution, $25; 2
nursegirls, $15, $20; cleaning woman. Insti-
tution. $20 ; 55 girls for general housework,
city and country, $25 $30. Apply to J. F. I
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, .first-class springs, north, $35;
head waitress, mountain resort, $30. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
HEAD waitress, $30; 3 waitresses. $20, new !
hotel, city. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
14 WAITRESSES, springs, resorts. $25 and $20.
___________ DAY. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 . iranglers, $25; 3 ironers. $30 and found; 4
waitresses, $22 50.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
A NUMBER of bright girls will be taken for
r instruction on overalls and shirts; with a
stated amount j guaranteed while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts. ' •
WANTED — Experienced waitresses . for city
restaurants ; permanent positions; good pay;
no fee. Apply 526 Montgomery st., room 1.
VACANCY to be filled at once by woman of
ability; rare opportunity for right party.
Box 920, Call. \
I WANTED — Al cloak and suit saleslady; state
salary wanted and where employed. Box
010. Call office. ¦-....-
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman for
housework: car fare refunded. 316 Utah st. ;
take 16th-st. cars; phone Howard 191.. -
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 110 Olive ave., between
Ellis and O'Farrell sts., off Polk.
APPRENTICE to learn "dressmaking; paid
while learning. 14 Grant ave., room 64.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
small family; no cooking. 1S31 Eddy st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. A. & H. HOFFMAN. 723 Market.
WANTED— Shoe fitters on dry and wax thread
work. 20 Main st.
WANTED — Presser on wool and silk waists.
San Francisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market st.
GIRL wanted to wait at table. 106 Second St.;
call early.
WANTED — Lady piano player for roadside
house In country. ¦ Box 924,- Call office. - ,
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work ; good .pay. 533 Natoma st. . ,•
WANTED — Girl to work in a' small restaurant.
258 First St.. near Folsom.
FINISHER on custom-made pants. 461 Jes-
sie st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady. Liberty Bakery,
857 Washington st.. """Oakland.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 'YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED-^ girls to learn halrdresslng mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only £ weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private • customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College, 233 G%ary st., rooms 13-15.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers, paid while learning; constant .work
summer and winter. G. W. REYNOLDS,
597 Mission st.,- corner Second.;
Hairdresslng-, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
) and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
a weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1230 Market, r. 94.
LADY from 45 to 55 years will treat free for
wrinkles ; no surgery or electricity used. Har-
ris Institute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter St.;
Bowhay -building.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on vests,
and. finishers on pants. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
PANTS finishers, 75 cts a pair; steady work.
; SS8 Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over
handball court. ' .' . ¦
WOMAN, middle-aged, with refs.; used to in-
valid; good home, small salary. Apply box
17C6, Call office.- ' .
WANTED — A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 310 Twelfth st., below Folsom. '
NEAT reliable girl; general housework; good
cook. 30C8 Twentieth st. .
NEAT sirl; must be a good cook; good wages.
1180 O'Farrell st. , . : ,
EXPERIENCED operator on- gents' custom
and stock ghlrts. Rogerson'B, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Girl aged 14 for housework ; good
home. Call 5 p. m. .at 2S7 Clementina st.
WANTED— A good finisher on custom coats;
good pay. 927 Market st., room 623.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p.' m. Wednesday; salary no object.
PANTS operators wanted bv S. N. WOOD _"
CO. ¦ Apply at factory. 27- Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary at.^
WANTED— Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market rt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call br-nch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
• Valencia st. .'¦.:,• ...
¦ HELP WANTED—- MALE. V
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Coachman,
countr. $35 to $40; farmer and wife, Ala-
meda County, $40; cook on a' ranch $35;
waiter, country restaurant, $30; French
I pastry cook, $50; broiler, $70; porter, country
I hotel, $20; orderly for. boys' institution, $25;
waiter for Institution, $20; 2 waiters for
ferry-boat, $25, etc'
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
Bell boy, city, $12 50; night clerk. $15; dishl
-washer, club, $5 a week; houseman, city. $25.
WANTED^-Restaurant cooks, "waiterv dlsh-
'. washers and kitchen ' help; no fee. Apply
. 526 Montgomery st., ( room 1. . ', ; ' :
50 MEN for work at * Nome; $5 a ¦ day and
board; steady job; reliable company. . 523
Market ' st.' 1 - :: ' . r.-, , ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ • •
SAN FRANCISCO CAMi.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ™7 Montjjcniery street,
corn or Clay; open until 11:30 p. n».
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:09 p. m.
C» McAllister street; open until 9:U0 p. ta.
SID Larkin street; open until 9:-*J0 p. n_
# 1911 Mission street; open ur.ti! 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
_til 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh ctro»t; open until 9 p. tn.
3O9C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; epen until 9 p. ~u
2200 Filimore street: open until 9 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
CANVASSERS for the Home Vegetable Slicer.
Call 1073 S Market 6t.. room 7.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. m
and A. M. — Called meeting THIS _fi%_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 jLlS
o'clock. First degree. / *
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. b
ond A. M. — Called meeting THIS __?%.
f WEDNESDAY) EVENING _t 7:30 5C2f
o'clock. Second degree. By order of / \r »
the W. 1.1. EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. «
ML— First degree THIS EVENING, ,_«%_
May 14. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of >£_k
the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 106, F. and A. m
M.— First decree THIS (WEDNES- Jk
DAY) EVENING May 14. at 7:30 _F _*
o'clock. H. J. OWEN, Secretary. f\p*
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— JjT~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _f_,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- Tfc_«
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. t^r
KING SOLOMON'S Lodee No. 200. F. m
und A. M., 1S39 Fillmore st. — Third _Jt__
degree. THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- TCjt
ING at 7:30 o'clock. /V>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Unity .>;_$_«,_,
J-odge No. 131, I.-O. O. F., are
hereby notified to assemble in :^?5\>S2'.s5r
special session THIS (WED-
NESDAY) EVENING, May 14. 1902, at S
o'clock, in the assembly hall, I. O. O. F.
building. Seventh-st. entrance. Initiation of
two candidates before the Grand Lodge. All
qualified members cordially invited.
A. S. CRONK, N. G.
RICHARD A. WELCH. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. <^$aijl!&.
O. F. — Spfcial meeting to con- ~£f_3>£z
fer second t^prce THIS (WED- : ~2?S&3s=r
NESDAY) EVENING. at 8 -^/Iw 1
o'clock. Assembly Hall. First degree TO-
MORROW (.THURSDAY) EVENING, Pro3-
ptct Hall.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON. Noble Grand.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and
Members are requested to attend
meeting THURSDAY EVENING. '^/»w>
May 15, at 8 o'clock. Initiation.
F. MERRIEUE, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meetine — The resular annual meet-
ing of the etockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
19C2, et the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of Euch other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday. May 16, 1&02, at 3 o'clock d. in.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
E. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market, 196S to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Ke.arny Et.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home with refined family (2 adults) foi
child going to school, to board, $7 per month.
Phone Polk 2797; references exchanged.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holn-.es 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
. depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years' the best Investment In any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $S00; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
t>est located restaurant on Sutler St.; sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner cr seli the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny st. ' •
A— $S00; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. _C',i Kearny eC
A — $750; CORNER delicatessen store with
3 nice living rooms, in the choicest location
in the city; rent $25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. *
A— $275; SALOON, with hall. In first-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. R. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — S1250; HAMMAM, Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest improve-
menu; nrst-class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 86% Kearny et.
A — $350; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$12 50; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
6t. ; established for years and known as first-
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $9^; investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— GROCERY and bar; north of Market st.;
good trade; living rooms, etc. • • • Butcher
chop In the Mission ; horse and wagon; ice-
house, etc.; price $850. • • • Coffee and
lunch house in central location; owner wishes
to leave city. • • • For particulars call
on JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
"WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free liist. HEA-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co.. 713
Market St.. room 406; tel. James 4121.
ICURSERY ar.d florist business for sale or ex-
change for Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley
property ; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself into the business by
¦working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON, 500 Haight et.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in established
business; $1S to $25 a week; too much work
for one; no night or Sunday work; duties
light and easily learned; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary st.. room 1.
DE FREITAS & SIMS, 413 Kearr.y st.. Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy sell
end make quick exchanges in real estate,
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaned on furniture at lowest rates. •
AN employment orftce eptabliEhed 13 years;
will sell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CULLEN'S, 320 Sutter et.
COFFEE house among large hotels; open all
night; a fine transient location; established
IS years; this is a great chance for' a man
and /wife; a furnished flat connected: room*
ell rented; no agents. Box 1771, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, middle-age, married, occupying
position trust, wishes engagement; acquaint-
ed entire Western coast; highest personal and
mercantile references. Box 913, Call office.
CHEAP; must be sold: roadhouse in good run-
n'me order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
RESTAURANT, lunch place, at a bargain; see
to-day. 544 Mission st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j Business Is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
I Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. (upstairs).
i Office near Call buiJdine.
I Our telephone— Black l-S-0-3.
I Correspondence solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
All hou»>»K for sale on our installment p'.in. '
We furnish official nbstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house: new lurnlture ?ISO?1
36 r— is. ; mechanics' hotel; man and wife • 75C
100 rooms; country; transient: low rent. O.VK)
300 rooms; corner house; for men 50CO
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent.. 3200
J55rms.; Howard; rent only $65: terms.. 14O0
40 rooms; men house; rent $45: bargain. 700
Money loaned at J per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1002 Market St.
• HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & "READY 7 Clay Et.
, Phone Main 5848. -
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 a. m.
..... . . ..'.... . .3000 K. R. MEN
H To Salt Lake division, to. Palisade,- to Reno,
to Wadsworth, to Elko, to Moleen, etc.
S. P. R. R to Nevada. C. P. R. R.
S. ''P. R: R......to Nevada...... C. P. R. R-
FREE FARE ................
:.' ¦ Come One, Come All.'
675 teamsters, free... .$2 25, $2 50, $2 75 day
67 rockmen, tree '...$2 50 day
50 drillers, free V 5 .'. . . .$2 50 day
759 laborers, free $2 day
70 cardumncrs, free.... .....$2 25 day
79 concrete laborers, free $2 25 day
\ Fare-^-Ship to-day on the above work — Free
> S. P. R. R.. C. P. R. R.
Santa *"e R. . R. -
20 laborers for Santa Fe Co.'s own work on
' the different divisions, free fare. .............
CARPENTERS .... ... . CARPENTERS
Mechanical Help. /
4 carpenters, for concrete forms, 6 months'
job, country, $3 50 day; 5 carpenters, rough
work, country, lonff job, $90; 25 carpenters,
city jobs,-. $3, $3 00 day; 3 carpenters for
¦ mine company, north, $90; blacksmith, com-
pany work, country, no shoeing, $2 75 and
fd. day; 10 blacksmiths for other jobs, $2 50
to. $3 50 - day; cabinetmaker, city, $3; "
crane men for steam shovel, Nevada, $90;
bench 'hand, country -.planing mill, $3 day;
2 carriage painters, $3 day. ••,*/.
¦ MISCELLANEOUS. :
Deck hand for dredger, $40 and fd.; brick
burner, man used to burning with oil, $75;
5 ¦tablemen, $50, $00; man to help gardener,
German $25 and fd. ; boy as clerk in country
hotel, $15 and fd. ; letterer and designer,
stencil work, $10 week, etc., etc
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Pondman, fare $2, $45 and fd., good job;
shingle oackers, shingle sawyer, woodsmen;
15 laborers to work in sawmill, yards and
woods, $30 to $65 and fd., fare paid; 10 lum-
ber oilers $30 and fd.. fare paid; 10 men
for sawmill, Humboldt, fare paid.
........... RAN.CHES— FARMS ..
'HAYMAKERS HAYBALeKs
haybalere big wages; 8 men to 'run mow-
Sfn "t and found : 75 haymakers, $30 to
$40 and found; 15 ranch teamsters. $30 and
found; 28 farmers, steady, jobs $26 to $35-
' 15 choremen and. chore boys, $20 to $30 and
found;. 13 chore boys, private places. $10, $15
!oR an^ S ound; 10 frult tenners and pickers!
$J0 and found; German farmer for park, $25
and found; 30 men for a large syndicate
ranch, $30 and found; IS milkers, $30 to $40
and found; 4 buttermakers; 3 cheese makers;
choreman, private place, make a little butter,
$2o and found
mines— quarries".!'.!!!!".!!!
Laborers
4 miners. 8 hours, $60 and found; 4 miners
> large gold mine, $82 50; 15^ laborers fof
— iine3; 25 quarrymen, $60; 10 laborers, city, I
$1 (5; 8 laborers, $1 40 day and found; 12
laborers, . city, $42 and found
10 laborers, factory work $1 50
. HOTELS
BAKERIES ETC.. ETC.
Cake baker, country shop, $45; boy to learn
bakery business, city; bakers' helpers, $25
and ,$30; bakery wagon driver
Cook, ranch,' $40; camp cook, $40; cook, 4
men,- on farm, . $20; . cook, 7 men, on fruit
farm, $30; 18 cooks, country and city jobs;
-cook, country hotel, 20 boarders, $40, easy
job
14 porters, 15 kitchen hands. 10 dishwashers,
etc., etc
. Hundreds of other positions not advertised.
I Call and read our bulletin boards..
MURRAY & READY 034-636 Clay at.
A— SPECIAL.
Blacksmith; good steady Job; no shoeing;
country; free fare; see boss here; $2 75 day
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHER-SHIRT ironer, $35 and found; 3
drivers for milk wagons, $25 and $40 and
found and $50 and room; farmer and wife,
$45;- farmer and wife, no objection to one
child, $35; milker and wife, $45; creamery
buttermaker. $50. and found: milker for few
cowg, $25 and found; 5 milkers, $30; men
for haying, $1 25 day and found; farmers,
steady work, $25 to $30 and found; chore-
men: sheepherder, $25 and found; boys for
" factory, 75c to $1 day; and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $80; cook, coun-
try hotel, $60; 2 short-order cooks, country.
$35 and $50 and found; second cook, country
hotel, $30; waiter, country restaurant. $30
and found; dishwashers, bell boys, elevator
boys and others. J. F. CROSETT & ,CO\
• 628 Sacramento st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, small mill; 2 machinists
for country, $3 25 day; car repairers; head
donkey man, $3 day: spool tender, $2 50 day;
3 edgermen, $3 day: 2 lumber sorters, $2 50
day; 50 lumber pliers for different mills,
north and south. $1 75. $2 and $2 25 day and
$60 month; laborers about mill and woods,
$30 and $35 and board, fare advanced; 6
laborers for mjne, $2 day; 25 laborers. cl\y.
$2 day; 5 carpenters for company, $3 50 day;
5 carpenters for _ city. $3 50 day; 2 ranch
blacksmiths, $40 and $50 and found; 2 black-
¦ smith helpers: carriage painters. $2 50 to
$3 50 day: and^ other mechanics. J. F.
V CROSETT : & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st.,-near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
....FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.. ..$2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. $2 25 day
SO concrete men : . . . . $2 25 day
Office fee, $1..... No other expenses
FOR LUMBER WOODS
1 head logger for donkey .$C5 and board
2 crosscutters $40 per month and board j
4 woodsmen. ........$40 per month and board '
' 6 swampers.. $35 per month and board ;
6 graders fcn read $35 per month and board
' 2 doggers $57 50 per month and found j
2 hooktenders. ..$57 50 per month and found '¦
10 lumber pliers. -$2 to $2 25 per day |
Teamsters and laborers, city $2
0 paving-block makers $2 25 per day,
fare $1. bach or board where they please.
All kinds of hotel and restaurant help. city.
Short order cook, one who can bake, lunch
counter, country .J ; . . .$50
Lunch cook and porter,- saloon, city $25
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third st.
WANTED — An energetic and reliable city
. salesman, thoroughly . experienced in the re-
tail liquor trade; salary " and commission.
Address P. O. box 2555, stating references
and experience. • ¦ . ¦¦
WANTED — Treasurer for park where high-class
shows are given; $100 monthly and expenses;
$500. cash security required: same fully se-
cured; long engagement: commence Imme-
diately. Box 925. Call office.
$125— WANTED, a steady, sober man In lunch
and coffee parlor, to tend to cash counter
and make himself useful; present owner is
first-class cook. Call at 257 Fourth st.
STRONG boy to pack extracts; $4 a week be-
/ ginning; apply 9 o'clock. PAUL RIEGER &
CO., 141 First st.
BOY wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO., corner
Powell and Eddy sts.
ALL-AROUND tailor wanted at .once. Apply
220 McAllister st.
WANTED — Two lunch waiters. 511 Brannan
St.; call at 11 o'clock.
WANTED — Bartender; must do porter work.
¦ 45 Third st;,
BOY wanted; 16 years old. 10 Fulton St., op-
poslte City Hall. f '
YOUNG man wanted as collector; must have
good references. Box 914, Call. • :
WANTED^ — A Japanese to do general house-
work.- Apply 3416 Twenty-first st.
WANTED — Lunch waiter at 17 Washington et.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 631 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for evenings. Saturday, and
j Sunday, steady. 229 Hayes st. ' /¦ ¦ "
BARBER: young man; steady or short hours.
,--79f> Geary. St.. corner Hyde. : ' '
BOY, 10 to 19, for packing room, wholesale
house; $4 a week beginning. Box 919, Call.
BARBER wanted; short hours. 213 Sansome
street. -
WA NTED^-Barber ; young man. 1305 Park
st., Alameda. opposite Park Hotel.
WANTED — Man for chores on ranch. $10 and
found. Address box C573. Call office.
2 GOLDEN WEST reclining chairs; very cheap.
427 Pacific st., bet. Montgomery and Sansome.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop; central; good trade;
snap. 3ox 819. Call. - ' i
PRESSMAN capable of managing small plant:
must bo sober and industrious. Address box
. 625. Call office. '
WANTED — Two boys" about 18 years to ope-
ra to • machines; please bring references.
Weston Basket and Mfg. Co., 660 Bryant st.
WANTED— A person that has had experience
on frozen, apples in different States. • Ad-
dress box 1769, Call office. ¦
WANTED— A | strong, steady boy for carrying
out orders or to make himself generally use-
ful in bakery. . Ill Larkin st.
WANTED— Boy about 16 for wholesale house.
V Address, stating age and experience, box
1745. Call, office.
WANTED— Boys, , sirls, young men and solder-
ers. Apply • American Can Co., factory Sev-
: enth and Townsend sts.', city. .-
• LUNCH .waiter wanted at 212 Brannan s't.
STRONG boy to j assist as fireman In planing
mill.. 237 Kins St., near Third. „• ;
COAT-MAKER wanted; call early. ,1274
.. Union st. ... . '-,".- - '. .
WANTED—^Wagon .' blacksmith and helper.
Apply 316 Railroad ave. ; south. ¦ . \
! BARBER shop : for sale, 'with 2 living ¦ rooms ;
' * rent $10.-; 921 Harrison st.
, WANTED— Night waiter for after theater.
I 111-115 Larkin 'st.
EDUCATIONAL.
k^aXd^~^otool~of™electrical engi-
i NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construe-.
i tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly.
i practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
i catalogue free. . '
, A — IF Gregs stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all Ket positions and hold tnem7.
| 34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
. keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 3236 Market st. _______
GALLAGHEK-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters..
, 13S2 Markets^ ____________———-
HEALC'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertsdnins to mining and^mining
engineering: day 'and night; catalogue* free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Fchool for the university, law and medical
colleses; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ADDRESS Ayers' Business College, 723 Mar-
ket St., for their new catalogue; it is free
and the nicest In the State. ]
ENGINEERING— Civil, else, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College ; most thorough
. modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
¦ associated with theatrical agency securing po-
' Eitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Goldsn Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posifn when qualified.
HARP, piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. English
branches, French language taught. 314 .Turk.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
of. Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual !n-
structlon ; Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher; 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded lSti3; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYSIENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 PoweIl,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— 1
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED person who understands Ger-
man or American cooking, downstairs work
preferred, or will take housework. 417
Clementina 'st., between Fifth and Sixth;
wages $25 to $30.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call 08 to 76 Ellis St., room 131,
between 1 and 4 i>. m.
MOTHER and daughter wish to take charge
of- a house during summer months; can give
. references. Address box 913, Call office.
A YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work- wages $25; no postals. Call at 1472
Ellis st. .
WOMAN wishes a position to do housework: Is
a good cook; Irish family preferred. Box
915. Call office. -
j BY Protestant woman, a position as house-
keeper in private family; is fond of children
and good manager. Box 822, Call office.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements by the
.day; $1 75; good fit guaranteed. Box S20,
Call office.
YOUNG woman, first-class English and. Amerl-
""can cook wishes situation in small family,
where second girl is kept; $30. Box 923, Call.
COMPETENT young woman desires position as
housekeeper or second girl. 1133 Guerrero St.,
near Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG woman wishes chamberwerk. Call at
286 Shipley St.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes place as
working housekeeper. Box 921, Call office.
MOTHER and daughter wish positions in coun-
z' try; useful in all kinds of work; hotel, re-
sort or mining camp. Call branch, 2200 Fill-
more Et. •
SITUATION wanted In a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. Please Call
Park Hatel, 26 Turk st.
! COMPETENT young girl to do housework; not
I afraid of work; wages $25; no postals. Call
3015 Laguna st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 27^4 Fourth St.. room 2.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable;, free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
' WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton'-s Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 j
Valencia st.*
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
STRONG, respectable young colored man de-
sires situation in private family or as coach-
man for doctor; understands all about horses;
city. 1412 V 2 Powell st. h.
YOUNG colored man would like a place to work
for a doctor or any private family. 1412
Powell st.
POSITION wanted; experienced Eastern elec-
trical engineer of university and technical
' education; eood references. Box 912, Call.
STRONG and willing young man of : 21 would
like a position in a wholesale house where
; • there is chance of advancement. Box 916, Call.
GOOD hotel cook, sober and reliable, 'wants
place In country hotel. Address W. C. COL-
LIER, 10 Chelsea place.
AN Al surgical . or medical nurse with physi-
cian's ref.; rates $1 50 per day. Box 1770, Call.
i WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise: electric execution,
strenuous, imperturbable. N/R. G.. box
1011, Call office.
POSITION in hotel by man and wife; good all-
round hotel people; woman housekeeper, din-
ing-room or chamber work; man clerk, stew-
• - ard or bartender. Address box 02!>, Call.
• WANTED — Situation by young married man
as watchman, night or day, drive delivery
.wagon or general work in wholesale house;
! good references. Box 923, Call office.
THOROUGHLY practical wallpaper man wants
situation as jobbing or retail salesman; 10
1 years' experience with best Northern Pacific
| rirms. Box S17, Call office.
A PRIVATE stable or. a few gents' roadsters
to care for, by an experienced trainer. - 'Ad-
dress room 619, Wlnchaster Hotel.
; MAN 23 years, educated, neat appearance,
wants work; formerly a sailor; highest refer-
ences. Box 1703, Call office.
s TEMPERATE able-bodied young man wishes
I -work In Alaska at mining. C. McGUFFIE,
836 Illinois st.
YOUNG Japanese pharmacist wants position to
do any kind work" In drug store or laboratory.
; Box 816. Call office. . .
J GOOD Japanese boy wants a position ae school
• boy In small family. Address HAYASHI,
418A Pcat Ft - •
. WANTED — A young man wants a position in
laboratory. \ Box 911. Call office. • .-.. .
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot.Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
; Valencia st. - - ' ¦ ¦ ; ____"
; FINANCIAL. "
COMPANIES incorporated and financed ; uT^S?
: licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
t investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; ctocks underwritten on London and
¦ . American plan; send for the '.'Pacific States
Investor," an up to date .financial paper;
¦ ¦ we have always opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
. propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
1 States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
I st. ;. established 1892./ , ,¦
* FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
i 721 % GROVE St.— Furnished flat, 5 rooms, com-
. plete for housekeeping; 'piano; call after 10.'
frit— Tif Tim ffl'fTT ' - ¦ . ¦ ¦ l''c4r*?£_.*~.<4
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK
Fre« fare Free fare
FQR NEVADA ..,
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
500 teamsters $2 to $2 25 a day
500 laborers , .$2-a day
500 rockmen $2 25 a day
500 concrete men $2 23 a day
10 carpenters $3 a day
:> blacksmiths $3 a day
2 crane men for steam shovel.. $90 and found
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen. machine men, drillers, muck-
«ers and outside laborers, $1 75 to $3 a day. .
• ••- -. SHIP TO-DAY
Free fare Free fare
2 railroad foremen. ?3 a day; 10 blacksmiths.
. country shops and ranches $40 to $50 and-
found;/ blacksmith, for sawmill, $50 an1
found; 20 farmers, milkers, choremen and
ntablemen, $35. $30 and $25: edgerman. coun-
try sawmill. $3 a day; 20 lumber pliers, pond
men and laborers, $:so $35 and $40
Stableman for hotel stable, country, $30 and
found and fare paid; stableman, private sta-
ble. $35 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, $100; second cook. $60; baker $50 for
summer resort: assistant clerk. $25 to $35;
porter and night clerk, $25; office porter. $20,
for summer resort
Head cook, country hotel. $70; cook, coun-
try hotel, $60; cake baker, country, $45: 10
second cooks, fryers and broilers, $50 to $70;
rantrymen, dishwashers, kitchen hands; col-
ored head waiter, and others; all around laun.
dryman, resort, $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED — All-around printer; must be good
Job and ad. man, rapid, willing and under-
stand presses and presswork. both cylinder
and platen; no boozer need apply. Address
W. J. HILL, Salinas, Cal., stating age, quali-
flcatlons. etc.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read/ English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. except Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237. 1606 Market st.
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary: pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
%nand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st. .
WANTED — Good accordeon player for country
dance hall; wages $30 and found. Box 151,
Benlcla. Cal.
BARBERS — For sale, fine hotel barber shop
with 3 chairs; $250. . For particulars see
MRS. CAFRA. 470 Jessie st., near Sixth.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale In San Jo3«.
Inquire of STOLTZ. 723 Market St.. S. F.,
or 140 Powell st.
WANTED — Lunchman for a few hours even-
lngs. 111-115 Larkin st. -
McDONALD & PERRY, new and second-hand
United States army shoes. 241 Third st.
$75 — PAYING barber shop; 2 chairs. For par-
tlculars apply at 828 Bryant st.
WANTED — Young, men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 34. lone. Amador Co.. Cal.
2000 FAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
| WANTED— Solicitor. *Call at 1322 Pacific St.,
between 8 and 10 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
' Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
COO MEN to buy new and -d-hand army 'shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
• • ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill— sora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
AND WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 (fine work, driving and «ad-
. die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 248
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, bar-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY,
20 Montgomery st.
FOR sale,' Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horees. new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. 1. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
TEAM of big ranch horses, $100; young, gentle
stud, will ride or drive. $50. 79 City Hall ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving: horses. 13th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp.
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
.. HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. +
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 14C3 Steiner st.,
near Eillis. ¦ .
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished. 1824 Pacific st, cor.
Gough, from June.l; 10 rooms; sunny; marine
view; for 3 months or longer; $110 per month.
Inquire MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgom-
ery st.
FURNISHED, for not less than one year, or
will sell at a sacrifice; modern house 12
rooms, bath, etc.. Including 2 kitchens suit-
able if desired for 2 families; fine order; larga
garden; reasonable to reliable parties. 129
Liberty St., near Twenty- first and Guerrero.
HOUSES TO LET — COUNTRY.
MBNLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISGN. 7S Geary*.
:. HOUSES WANTED. ' "~~~
WANTED — A 4 or 5 room furnished cottage In
Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; state price
and location. Box 4673, Call office.
HALLS TO LET. ~~~~
FOR rent — Teutonla Hall, 1332 Howard st. bet.
9th and 10th, for a term of years; barroom!
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F
- HAQEMANN. Albany Brewery. 400 Eighth.
J INVESTMENTS.
SPLENDID Investment — Point Richmond land-
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,'
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTORS
» AGENCY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F
I ¦' !¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Party finding: purse containing roll of
i paper monty and diamond bar pin may retain
money and receive extra reward for return
of pin, which was an heirloom. Communi-
cate with box 922. Call office.
LO3T — Monday evening - near . ferry, Yorkshire
terrier; very old; no use to any one but
] owner; had on collar and license tag; liberal
! . ' reward. CAPTAIN MARSHALL. 34 Eddy st.
LOST— Small network silver purse with charm
attached; valued by- owner; finder can keep
contents. Return to 2516 Broadway.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MICHAEL S. GUNNING, No. 180-
130S. The finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Small Yorkshire terrier; name
V'Bobs." Return to 2101 A Webster st.
LOST — Pearl sword pin. I Return 253 Spear st. ;
•- reward.- \
LOST — Brown cocker spaniel male pup near
old St. Mary's College; reward. 713 Folsom.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
. Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
. and silver to make new watch cases.'
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery. Al carpet cleaning; henest work guar-
anteed. IIOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ¦
Brass, -Iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
i shades. J. F. Hotter, 721 Mission -.tel.Maln 730.COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAT, MAT 13.
Flour, qr sks.... 6,400 Leather, rolls... '¦ 48
Wheat, ctls...:. 3.110 Hides, No.. 470
Barley, ctls 7,230 Lime, bbls 361
Beans, ska 419 Wine, gals..... 60,100
Potatoes, sks... 1,572 Paper, car ¦ l
Onions, sks 1,179 Tallow, ctls 227
Middlings, sks.. 10 Powder, cars..;. • 6
Hay, tons 388 Pelta, No 1.035
Sugar, ctls . 2.582 Raisins, bxa.:.. 1,800
Wool, bales Qulcksil, flsks.. 51
OREGON. • .
Potatoes, sks . . . 277 .
LUMBER— Retail prices, are as follows :
Pine, ordinary sizes, . $18@19 50; extra sizes
higher; Redwood, $17@20; Lath, 4 feet. $3 90®
4; Pickets. $19; Shingles. $2- for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $11
for sawn: Rustic, ?25@31. ' : •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar TUnnlng Com
pany quotes as. follows, per pound, . In lQO-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine'Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. ' 4.25c: Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 1 none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A, -3.85c-
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.05c; "D," 3.55c
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25© more*
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, . 4.75c; boxes
5c per 1b. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. ... •
SALT — Liverpool, $30®32 50 for the bemt and
$28® 29 /or factory filled. Domestic- — Imitation
Liverpool, ?26 25027; H. R. H.. $2e 25027:
California Dairy, 60-Ib bags, $26} 'Rock Salt,
fl8 50© 19 60, according to quantity; Granu
lated, 126 25027 per ton. „: «•-.--•:. '
QUICKSILVER— $45 50®47 per flask' for lo
cal use eand $44 for export. ' ¦ •¦'.-"
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%®14c; Pearl OH, In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c:
Star, 20c;. Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 16c;
In cases. 22^c; Benzine, in bulk. 14Hc: In
cases, 21c;. 8C-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26iJ.c.
TURPENTINE— 69c per gallon In cases and
C3c in drums and Iron barrels. 1 - N
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7®
7%c per 1b; White Lead, 6%@7%C, according
to quantity. f. •-•;.-
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42MC cases. 47%c:
Cocoanut OH. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian. • r -
STOCK MARKET.
The. average price for gloves for export
In Italy at 3S.6 cents a pair.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C F Frank.FtMcDowen j
3 L Jones. Denver, Colo'
J A McDowell. Colo i
Mrs T W Hunter. I Ti
Mrs M- ConlOn. I T I
Sirs M W Lower, I T;
¦Mrs G*o Johnson. I T>
L.G Hendley. Ohio I
E Lamb, St Louis
A Hall, Kans . '
R Londey. Kans
F G Clark. El Paso
W E Young. Needles
W F- Bauer&w. Aris
John Leo, Tacoma.Wn
W R Stuart. Shasta
Miss Alice Roden. Cal
J M Jacob. Denver
F E Jacob. Denver
J J Sutton, Sonora
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
' Belle and Charles Munter (owners) with F.
J. Fernhoff (contractor*), architect Curtis To
bey — Carpenter work for alterations to a two
story and basement frame building Into thr«e
flats at 608 Hyde street, on E line of Hyde
street. 97:6 N of O'Farrell, N 20 by E 75;
$2200.
Henri Loewenguth (owner) with H. T. Grieb
(contractor), architects E. Deplerre and . P.
Rlghettl— All work for a three-story frame
building, on Seventh street. 100 S of Howard,
25x90; $8750. - ;.'-:'.-
Builders' Contracts.
Kate I. and Frank J; Thayer to Emma J.
Rains, lot 18. block 4. Flint Tract Homestead:
$1100
Joseph A. and Alice I. Mlgllavacca to J. W.
Wright lot on. the S corner of Brazil avenue
and Vienna" streets, SW SCO by SB 100. lots 1
and 2, block 64, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Mary A. Kelly to John J. Kelly. Hot 1592,
Gift Map 3: rift.
Estate of Patrick Rlordan (by T. I». RIordan.
administrator) to Mary O'Brien, all Interest
In lot on the- NE line of Servit street, 100
NW of St. John, NW 75 by NE 100, block
251. O"N. and H. Tract; — . •
Same to Daniel H. Biggs lot on the IS.llna
of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 S of 8 street, S 35
by E.120; $10. - "
Narcissi J. Kellogg (Dyer) (Ash ton) (wife
of Noah S. Kellogr) to Fred E. Allen, lot on
the S line of L street, 57:6 E of Forty-sixth,
avenue, E 5O by* S 100; $10.
Fred E. Allen .to Add M. Clark, lot on the
8 line of L street. 57:6 E ot Forty-sixth ave
nue. B 60 by 8 100; $10.
' Charles J.' Bordman, William F. Mann 1 (by
W. J. Kennedy, commissioner) to Adolph Stein,
berger, lot on the 8W corner of Eighth avenue
and C street. W 26:S t>y S 100; $800. r
Solomon and Dora Gets to Sarah McNultv,
lot on the E line of Forty-fourth avenue, 275
N of K street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
August C. L. - Stahl to Mantaretha Stahl.
lot on the SW corner of Twenty-fifth and
Mississippi streets,. 8 50 by W 100; gift.
Mabel W. and Bedford E. Day to Veter and
Elizabeth Hamilton, lot on the W line of Mis
souri street. 75 N of Nineteenth. N 25:1 by
•W. 100; $425.
. Eliza E. : Gordon (single) to Bertha Dnpuy
(widow), lot on the S line of Sacramento street.
187:6 E of Larkln. E 27:8 by 8 137:6; $10.
Morris J. Murohy to A. A. Whitfleld. lot on
the N W line of Natoma street, 400 SW of
Seventh, SW 25 by NW 75; alao the estate of
John Murphy, deceased; $1000. ; -
John O and Bernardlna Klumpfca to Florence-
B. Moore, lot on the NW corner of Chestnut
and Hyde streets, W 125 by N 137:6: $10.
Joseph O. Demlng to Mary A. Demlnrr, lot
on N line of Turk itreet, 84:2 W of Taylor,
W 23:4, N 112:6, E 25. S 25, E 3:4, 8 87:6;
cut.
' ' Mary S. Moulton to William Ladd, lot on 3
line of Union street, 91:3 E of Jones, IS 45:10.
S 60, W 25, S 10. W 20:10. N 60; $10.
Cathrina or Katrina Hlramelmann to Daniel
L. Randolph, lot on N line of O'Farrell street.
80 W of Mason, W 23:1%, KIM, E 103:1%.
S 85.- W 80. S 30: $10.
Carlos F., Maria T. and Francisco G. Mon
tealegre to same, lot on N line of Butter street.
156:6. W of Powell, W 25 by N 137:6; $10l
Felicltas and Manuella ' Gallegos to Armand
Callleau. lot on N line of Sutter street. 137 -8
W of Powell. W 19 by N 137:6; $10.
Rosa Demartlnl vs. Antonio Demartlnl (by
J. T. Nourse, referee) to Antonio Demartinl,
lot on S line, of Union street. 137:6 E of Stock
ton. E S4:0 by S 58:9; also lot on W line of
Union place. 74 S of Union street. 8 21:2 by
W 63:9: alao 'lot on W line of Union place.
63:0 S of Union street. S 15:3 by W 68:9; also
lot on N line of Green street. 158:6 E of Stock
ton. E 44:1. N 74:6. W 65:1. S 14:6. B 21.
S 60; also lot on X line of Green street 202:7
B at Stockton. .E 13:8 by I* 114:6: $19,130.
HIbernIa Savings and Loan Society to Denis
Crrnin. lot "on SB corner of Twenty-fifth and,
Bartlett Strega. E 27 by S 100; $4000.
Rosa Demartlnl vs. Antonio Demartlnl (by
J. . 1. Nourse, referee) to Rosa Demartlal lot
on BE corner of Filbert and Dupont streets S
23:0 by E 60; also lot on S line of Vallejo
street, 107:6 E of Powell, E 20. S 63, "W 33:4,
N 8. E 1S;4. N 60; $8100.
Antonio Demartlnl to same (wife), same (two
pieces); gift. . ¦ "¦.¦.•¦
Patrick and Mary Murphy to Felix H. Irvine
lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 100 E of
Noe. E 25 by S 105; $10.
' Margaret Foster to Martha Schwartze. lot on
W line of Cherry street. 70 N of Clay, N 30
by W 100; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Hud
son Herbert, lot on N line of Jackson street.
ISO W of Maple. W M, N 122. NE 60 S
Dledrlch Behrens to Cecilia Behrens. lot on
E line of Devisadero street. 27:SH S of Clay,
S 25 by R 81:3, quitclaim deed: $5.
Louis Mctzger to William Mann, lot on S
line of Sntter street. 144:3 W of Lyon. W 35-3
S 100, E 25. N, 100:6; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Minnie E.
Loos, lot on S line of Union street. 168:9 W
of FUlmore. W 25 by S 137:6; $10
Clarence C. Burr to Lucy B. Holman. lot on
SW corner of Green and Franklin streets. S 105
by W 110:4, quitclaim deed: $10.
TUESDAY. MAT 13.
SEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
- TUESDAY, May 03—4 p. m.
Alpha .:..r;: B i& A8 & rusuc. A £
Alta ........ •„•--_ 05 "Centuck 01 02
Andes ....... 02 03 tAdy Wash... — to
Belcher ...... 08 OU Mexican 51 52
Best & Belch. . 20 21 Accidental ... 22 24
BH »'°n, 02 03 5phlr 1 45 1 50
Caledonia 85 87 German .... 26 27
Challenge Con 18 20 Potosi 29 3O
Chollar 16 17 Savage 13 15
Cbnfldence ... >«4 t» 5corplon 04
Con Cal A VaJ. 45 1 50 3eg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. >¦ — 02 Sierra Nevada 27 28
Con N Y — ©2 Silver Hill... 44 45
Crown Point. 07 . 00 U Louis .... — CS
Eureka Con.. -; 18 — ?yndicat 9 .... — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... 27 2S
Gould & Cur., 14 15 Utah 03 04
Hale & Nor.. 20 21 'ellow Jacket. 24} 25
lulla .— 04 !
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
¦ . „-' Afternoon Session
10O Best & Belch. 21 300 Justice ,05'
200 Caledonia 86 200 Mexican ..... 5t
200 Caledonia . x . 84 100 Mexican 52
300 Caledonia .:.. 87 350 Ophlr 1 47V»
200 Challenge Con 20 400 Ophlr III.IZ..X 1>
S00 Chollar ...... IS 20O Potosl SO
«^ £ S^Jt-* 4I% ' M0 Slerra Ni«d» 28
200 Gould. * Curry 14 200 Silver Hill. . . 43
200 Belcher ...... OS 200 Mexican 52
800 Best & Belch. 21 200 Occidental .1! 13
400 Caledonia .... 80 300 Ophlr .1 45
200 Caledonia .... 73 200 Ophlr 147%
200 Caledonia .... 79 300 Overman ....
200 Caledonia .... 82 1000 OvermaS .... 27
100 Caledonia.... 84 200 Potosl ....!" 29
200 Challenge Con 20 600 Seg Belcher.. 03
TOO Chollar ...... is 300 Sierra Nevada 2S
200 Mexican ..... 51 200 Union Con... 28
Mornlnsr Session.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
65 Giant Powder Con..... 77 CO
150 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 44 OO
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910) 114 75
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 91 75
Street— \
5 Giant Powder C0/1.. 77 25
$3000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s... 102 ISr
. .*,*.- Afternoon Session.
v Board — r * o.;
1; 100 California Safe Deposit 12100
20 Giant Powder Con 76 87%
10 Giant Powder Con..~ .;.-.... 78 60
5 Honpkaa Co ..; 11 25
$3000 Market St R R Con 5a 120 25 "*
$1000 S P of C Cs (1905, Series A) 106 25
. 50 Spring Valley Water . . . ..... 91 50
Street —
25 American Bank & Trust Co 110 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
160 Home 3 60
60 'Kern. 'dash' '...'..- ;. 5 00
200 Kern, b 90 i ,. 5 25
200 Kern 5 00
2000 Occidental of West Virginia, b 90. 23
1500 Petroleum Center 13
100 San Joaquln Oil & Development. . 7 5O
1100 Sovereign' .....,,.^ 35
Street—.
100 Kern, cash ." '......'.... 5 OO
1 100 Kern, b 90 » 6 25
¦" Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Caribou «
3000 Junction i»
3500 Junction, b 30 «o
BOO Lion . 06
25 Monarch of Arizona 17
i 75 fan Joaqnin Oil & Development.. 7 5O
1000 Sovereign ... 33
1000 .Sovereign, a SO 37
1000 Sovereign, a 80.. 38
1000 Sovereign, 3T
600 Sterling n. 1 87tt
1200 Sterling 1111111111111 190
100 Sterling, b 90........ 2 00
800 Sterllnr, b 10 1 1 0->U
400 Sterling, cash 1 90
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sale3 on th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln* Session.
600 Best & Belch. 20 600 Mexican 62
100 Best & Beloh. 21 600 Ophlr 1 45
300 Caledonia .... 80 600 Potost 23
300 Chollar 16 100 Sierra Nevada 28
100 Con Cal & Va.1 45 200 Union Con... 27
Afternoon Session.
100. Caledonia ... 85 500 Overman 27
200- Chollar 18 100 Sierra Nevada. 28
200 Con Cal St Va.1 45 100 Union Con.... 28
10O Ophlr .... 150 100 Utah 03
100 Ophir 1 43 300 Yellow Jacket 24
v MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.^
Al,aTA W 6s. 02% — {Oc SS Co 5s. 97*4100
Bay CPC 5s.lOS}ilC8% Omnibus 6s. — 131
C C G&E Cs.105 105% Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
Cal-st 5s 119 ¦ , -i . Pk & C H 6e.lO7 110
C Costa 5s... 110% — - Pk & O R 6s. 123
Ed L & P 6s — — -.- Pwl-st R 6s —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 « Sac EGR 53.102«103
Geary-st 5s.. — — "*1SF & SJV6«.121 — .
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s. — m
• Do 5s r— 89 S P of A 6a
L An* R 5s.HS%119tt (1909) ....113%" —
L A LCo 63.103 105 (1910) :... — _
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 1031* U905)Sr A. —
L A & P 5s.lO3 — (1905)Sr B.107U —
Do lem 5s.lO3 — (1906) —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130. (1912) ....120 122
Do lem 6s.l20% — ' SPofC lst"
N R of C 6s.ll2 — c gntd 5s. — :,—'-¦
Do 5s 121 122% Do stmpd..l00}4 —
N Pac C 5s. — 110% SP Br Cal 6s — 140
N C R 5».. .11414 — S.V Wat «s. — in
Oak Gas Gs.113 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s. .124 — Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Do 1st cSs.113 115 Stkn G£ECs.lO2 1«
Oak W G 5a.lO'HfiM"i , . ,
.;V*~t^. STOCKS.
Contra" Costa 76%-77% Port Costa:. «3% 6ft
Marln Co... 63 — dpring Val.. 91% 91 a:
o-... a. ~> ELECTRIC.
Cent L £ P. 2% — 1 Pac . Light... 45 - ':~ '.•••
Eqt O L Co. 3% a*4! Sac E O&R.' 37% —
Mutual ..... 8% 4% SPG & E. 44 44%
O G L & H. 62% 66 iSFGLCo. 5% 5%
Pac Olma. 30% 41 Istktn O & E. 8 —
INSURANCE. ;
Firem's Fnd.2C0 270
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 ' — . lFlrst Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal . . 9O',i 91 L P & A..;.168*i —
Bank of Cal.425 430 Mer Ex (liq) 24 i. '
Cal Safe Dp. 121 — 13 F Nationl. 140 — ;
• SAVINGS' BANKS.
German . . .1000 — Sav & Loan. — - 90
Humboldt .. — . — Sec Sav.*...:340 390
Mutual Sav. SO . — Union Trst.1830 -
S F Sav U.525 . —
STREET RAILROADS. ,,
California ..170 180 IMarket OOHIOOU
Geary . . — . 60 jPresidlo .... S8« 40
% powder. ; : .-
Giant ;.; 76% 77% Vigor! t ..... 3W, —
SUGAR.
Hana . . . A . 3% 4% Kllauea ,.'.._! ow
Hawaiian ..." — 40 Makawell .."23 2-i£
Honokaa ... 1114 — Onomea.... 24 . ¦ 25
Hutchinson-. 12% — Paauhau ... 12' 12%
.MISCELLANEOUS.; V?
Alaska Pack.100 161 V4 Pae i A" f A. 2»i — -
Cal Fruit As.101 102% Pac;C Bor..l65 — "
Cal, Wine As.lC0%10l . Par Paint..". 28
Oceanic S Co 30 ¦ 32
Morning Session.
Board — ' . ¦ ' • - ¦
$2000 Cal Cen Gas & Electric 5s...... 105 00
Bid.Ask.| ' \x ' Bid Ask.
4s qr coup.. Mil 111% is qr cp(new)137U138
4s qr reg 111 111% 3s qr coup. .103^109
UNITED STATES BONDS,
TUESDAY. May 13— 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. ; Common stock, $24@24 50; ' preferred.
$59 12%@59 25; 4 per cent bonds, $91@92; hud
scriptlons, $100 75®101. . . . : ' .
Local, stocks and bonds were dull and 'the
only change was a decline in Giant Powder to
$76 50@76 87^ T ;. , • -
The oil stocks were alao quiet, but Sterling
again advanced, selling up to $2, buyer ©0. • '
. The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
paid a quarterly dividend of 5 cents per store
yesterday. . ' >•,-••¦/• 7^
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO (3ALX,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1902.
13
FRUiTYALE^DYERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE. ,
Jl—W. '"¦ E. RUDELL, Fruitvale ave. . and
/Washington st., Fruitvale, Cal. ¦
$800— House. 3 rooms ; high' basement; good
sewer and city water; large barn; lot
* "f 30x105 feet; corner;: all fenced; 4 short
blocks from station; $100 cash, balance
¦ $8 40 per month. - . ¦
?1200— New house, 4 rooms 1 and bath; ' all
grained in oak; stationary washtubs;
city water; lot 37x175; 5200 cash, bal-
\ance $12 per month, which includes in-
terest, principal and taxes. ¦ '- ". ,
$lS00 — New cottags, 4 large rooms and bath;
porcelain tub:, high basement' half
: 1 - floored ; stationary tubs ; good brick
foundation; .city water; lot 100x200,
fronting on two- Btreets; fine location;
$300 cash, balance $18 per month. , -.
$2700 — New ' two-story house, 7 rooms; recep-
tion hall; bath; all modern improve-
... ments; gas and electric fixtures; beau-
tiful view; only one block from electric
•line; lot 60x165; $500 cash, balance $20
per month. ¦ '.. -. ¦'¦¦-.'-
$lS00 — House of G- rooms and bath; mantel.
etc.; lot 50x120; $300 cash, balance $18
per month; one block from electric line.
W.'E. RUDELL,
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
Office hour*, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays
Included. ; ,
FOR »ale — 5 acres,- Rose ave. and' High St..
Frnltvale. A. S. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
oIkland advertisements.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ,
A MAGNIFICENT home in Alameda; offered
for $16,000; worth much more; owner gone
East: 8 rooms and bath; 75x175: swellest part
of town; built 2 years ago. S. M. DODGE &
SON, 1160 Broadway, Oakland. ¦. '
NURSERYMEN, ATTENTION! -* > "
$2000 tor an acre of la.r.d, nursery stock,
house of 5 rooms; near car line; Just the place,
to make money. S. M. DODGE & SON, 11C0
Broadway, Oakland. '• • ;
E. E. BUNCE, 952 Broadway — 12 small farms
for sale; investigate; quick for bargains. E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURSITTO]B^FOR^ SALE.
FURNITURE good andjheapthlsmonth. - H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st. Oakland.
' ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^lEL~alid~^olar^ats", 525-531 Turk— Hot and
cold water baths^ electric lights free; fur-
nlthed or unfur.; tel. East 312. Sutter 41. *
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny sultea, with
kitchen, yas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
EDDY, 724 (middle flat) — Fine front- room,
newly arid .well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable. - :
EDDY, 519 — Parlor suite, nicely furnished;
bath; range and running water; reasonable.
FIFTH, 853 — Furnished housekeeping ; 3. $12;
3, $20; 2 beds; also bath; single, $4 up.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay — $10; 3 large
sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard.
GROVE, 79S — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath and gas.
HOWARD, 1214— -2 or 8 large sunny partly
furnished rocmg for housekeeping; cheap.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front room for light house-
keeping, f 12; also back parlor suite, gas stove.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny parlor suite & kitchen; $18;
also basement suite, yard, laundry; other suite.
JESSIE./SSiJ— Large sunny room furnished for
housekeeping; gas range; $10; small room $6.
JO1CE, 18, off north side Pine, near Powell —
3 eunny unfurnished rooms, $10. .. •.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front, nicely furnished,
1 or 2 gents, $3; light housekeeping suite, $'J;
single, $4. .__ :,
LINDEN ave., 324 — Nicely furnished sunny
front room; use of kitchen; very comfortable.
MARTHA place, 4, between Mason and Taylor,
off Geary — 2 sunny furnished rooms housekpg.
MINNA, 281, cor. 4th— Furnished sunny house-
keeping; complete; cheap. "\ \ ;
OAK 117 — Nicely furnished sunny suite; $16
and $14: sink, gas range, bath, laundry,
phone; newly painted and papered. -_
OAK, 125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms,
$10. ¦__ ¦
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Large sunny
. room; kitchen; sink; pantry; gas stove; bed-
room, if 7. - - .
' STOCKTON, 1206— Model house ; newly . f urnT;
double h's'k'p'g rms.; free gas; stove; bath.
THIRD, AL5B — Nicely furnished rooms; house-
keepings gas; range; bath; also single rooms.
TREMONT ave., 162— 4 nicely furnished sunny
rooms for.: housekeeping, with bath, piano,
gas range; lower-floor; $25; references re-
quired; no children.
VALENCIA, 1232 — 2 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; gas; stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. . '
ROOMJir TO LET— -Fnrn. and UnZara.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— Ne^wTTlegant.
- sunny; 75c day upward;. McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. liH Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per ntght; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed handa;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
—week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
$10-r-3 ROOMS and yard. 225 and 225VJ Eighth
st., near Howard.
EI.LIS, «21 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms 35c,
$1 fiO night; $1 50. $0 week; open all night.
ELLIS, S02, near Polk — Large sunny front
room; light housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 1615—3 unfurnished rooms to let
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
JESSIE. 303. near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed rooms. $4 : .per month and up. ¦
MARKET, 1032— A i nicely furnished sunny
front, room, $2 a -week; other rooms: $125
single; $1 50 double.
MARKET, 1344 — An elegant suite of sunny
rcoms, suitable for doctor. The above house
has changed. hands. . ¦'
MASON, 210— Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites and single. ¦¦::..
MINNA. 667. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION,- 845^-2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; big -sunny yard.
MISSION, 1514, near 11th— Single sunny front
room; private family; $1 25.
NATOMA, 2S2,- near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; water, sink and closets; rent $6.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sqnny furnished rooms and
office?; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
, floor;: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S . Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished!
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(i Va-
lencla Ft. ¦¦¦ . "¦ ¦¦¦¦¦.,¦ ¦ : ' •.-•;¦¦
"ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN, The. 836 Sutter ¦ St.," corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
/ suits; all sunny; table first class. . :
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
¦family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE, 020 Eddy— Sunny, rooms, en
euite or single; good table; reasonable. '
LAMBOURNE, ¦ 420 : Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or.single; steam heat. ¦ ¦
,THE HEATH, 312 Eddy st., is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites: single rooms: first-class table board.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 UNFUR.' rms.. Bush, bet. Hyde and Powell;
- 2 gentlemen; state price. W. S.,box 823, Call.
'.- SPECIAL 'NOTICES. * ; , •
BAD tenants ¦¦ ejected for $4 ; collections - made ;
city, or country." P.ACIFIC COLLECT 'ON
. CO.,' 415 ; Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co , of-
.'. flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571>
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. .840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf uss.
BEKINS'Van and Storage Co..' 630 Market St.;
jft-.teL Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
p».ny. 2320 Fillmore -St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 203 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204/ 148 • Sixth.
TYPEWUITBKS AND SUPPLIKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
¦ sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals ?3. The Typewriter
' Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free.. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-.
eographiiig. 927 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 153».
MAREI AGE LICENSES. ,
• ' " ¦¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' "^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ' '. ¦ -
James P. Novak. 40. .110 Fillmore street, and
; Dora Clalrie, . 32, • olO Fillmore street.
Louis E. Rea, 34, 423 Laguna street, and
Hermena Andres, 29, 202 Laguna street.
Ernest A. Bohm, 47, 102 Ellis street, and
Alvlna Relners. 32, 102 Ellis street.
Daniel F. McCarthy, 20. 2729 Twenty-first
street, and Catharine Geaney, 22, 3T30 Clay st.
Joel N. Dull, 28, Santa Cruz, and Melvina O.
Donohue, 31,. Santa Cruz.
Joseph A. Maaterson, 23, 2011 Sutter street,
and Bertha C. Olaon, 19, 009 Vallejo street. I
James E. Tucker, SO, Mount Bullion, and
Bessie Burgess, ''6, Mount Bullion.
Walton C. Webb, 21, 3017 Washington street,
and Grace S. Clock, 21, Oakland. '
BIRTHS— MARBIAQES— DEATHS.
1 Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at. either of the publication offices and be»
indorsed ¦ with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. v
BORN.
BURNELL— In this city. May 13. 1902, to the
wife of F. B. Burnell, a daughter. ',
HALL— In this city, May 12, 1902, to the wife
of Ira J. Hall, a son. ; ..
MULLENDER— In this city. May 4; 1902, to
the wife of Joseph F. Mullender (nee Doble),
a son. • . . > .
REUBEN— In this city, May 10, 1902, to the
wife of Joseph Reuben, a son.
MAERIED.
BACON — ISMERT — In Tononah, Nev..' April
30, 1902, by the Rev. Father Butler. H. H.
Bacon of Tonopab, NeV.. and Anna ; B. Is-
mert of San Francisco.
BRAUER — EULER — In East Oakland, May 7,
1902, by the Rev. J. H. Thelss, at the resl-
.dence of Cantaln Schroeder, George Brauer
of San Francisco and Caroline Euler of
Stockton, v Cal.
DE NOBRA— HOMER— In this city, March 20,
19C2, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, Jo-
seph de Nobra and Mabel F. Homer, both
of Oakland. Cal. I
HANGELAND— MARTHINSEN — In this city.
May 10. 1002, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Svend Hangeland and Kirsten Marthinsen. ,
HANSEN— McGEE— In this city, May 4, 1902,
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Louis C. Han-
sen and Sarah A, McGee.
OLSON— LANDE— In this c^y. May 7, 1302.
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Sven M. Olson
and Margrethe Lande. ,,-<-.•¦
vPADGETT — JESSEN — In this city, May 12,
1&02. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, .Wil-
liam Thomas Padgett and Clara Christina
Jessen, both of San Francisco.
RILEY— McCALLEN— In this city, May 6.
1902, by H. L. Joachimsen, Justice of the
Peace, Thomas F. Hiley of Palermo, Butte
County, Cal., and Stella McCallen of Den-
. ver, Colo.
SCHWERIN— BOGGESS— In this city. May
10, 1902, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Edward H. Schwerln of San Francisco and
Vlnnle Boggess of Rock Island. 111.
WOOD — SMITH — In this city, May 10, 1902,
by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, Carl Wood
of Pinole. Contra Ccsta County, Cal., and
Edna Smith of San Francisco. •; .
PIED.
Barfred, Edward A. , Levy, Rebecca /
Bishop, May McF. /' Levy, Sam '
Brfcdy, John "y Lewis, Ann E.
Cooney, Marearet ' Moore, William H.
Flnlayson, James Moroney. Kate
Flanagan, Winifred Olmos, Antonio
Fiiedlander, Samuel Pagano, Emelina
Hughes, Terrance J. Shea, John .
Isaacs, Mrs.. Rosalia William*, . Francis
Lane, Clarisse L.
BARFRED-At' South San Francisco, May 10,
1902, Edward Anton Barfred, a native of
Copenhagen, aged 64 years.
JpTFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
ber of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A.
R., are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral Wednesday, May 14, 1902, at. 1
o'clock, from Improved Order of Red Men's
Hall, 320 Poet street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post. No. 2, G. A. R. Remains at
the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking ComDany, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Na-
tional Ctmetery.
BISHOP— In Manchester, Cal., May 6, 1902,
May McFarland, beloved wife of C. E.
Bishop, a native of California, aged 27 years.
BRADY— In this city, May 13. 1902, John, be-
loved husband of the late Frances Brady,
and father of Mrs. Holden and the late Hen-
rietta Moore, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 75 years.
in7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McBriarty & Green. 1171 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COONEY— In this city, May 13. 1902, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of ,the late Daniel Cooney,
and mother of Daniel, Frank, Andrew and
William * Cooney, Mrs. L. Juzlx, Urn. M.
Cloney and the late James P. and John P.
Cooney, a native of Roscommon, Ireland.
' C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, May 15, 1002, at 8:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, G8 Hancock street, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINLAYSON— In i San- Rafael, May 9, 1902,
James Flnlayson; a native of Canada, aged
68 years.
(E7"Friends:and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 14, at 10 o'clock, from 905 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In this city. May 11, 1902, Wini-
fred Flanagan, devoted mother of- James,
Lulu, Joseph and Irene Flanagan, Mrs. Al
Moes and Mrs. E. Almas, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 66 years and 7 days.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ,to attend the funeral- to-day
(Wednesday), • at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, i)23 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
r will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
' at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city. May 12, 1902.
• Samuel, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Friedlander, and brother of Adolph Fried-
lander, a native of Germany, aged 54 years.
ItyFriends . and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at
B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy street. Crema-
tion at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. May 12, ' 1902, Ter-
rance J., beloved husband of Elizabeth
Huthes. son of j Mrs. Rosa Hughes, and
brother of James and John Hughes, a na-
tive of San ; Frnnciaco. aged 38.. years. • (Va-
llejo papers please copy.) ' •
' (C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the ¦ tTnited Undertakers, 27 and . 29
Fifth street. "thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a. requiem high mass will be cele-
. HENRY" j. GAU.ACHER CO.
' - (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)-
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., oppoulte Lincoln School.
'.-Telephono South SO. . .
Mt.-- Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
i Office;- ©86 Market Street.
Telephone Bush uO7. -:•
KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuel* McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ;. M. J.
McBrearty, with the game company for 10
¦ years; P. F. Green, late with J.'C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
Ion at 1171 Mission St.. between Seventh
and Eighth.. Telephone South 44.
I.-' JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with r McGinn Bros., has opened
• new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
: Taylor and Jonea.^ Telephone South 576.,-;
fuNtTEBTuNDERmSRsi
I 27 anA 20 Fifth St/ TCl.SoUth 107 1
¦ FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMSALMERS.I
g . Hne»t .. Equtpmrat ~nt ¦' Modcnvlg^ R^tea. , W
brated for the repose of his .- aoal : at . 10
- o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third /and Townsend
streets. .,-.-• • .
ISAACS— In' this city. May 12. 1902, Mrs.
Rosalia Isaacs, beloved mother of I. L.
' Isaacs, Herman, David, Lena and Ray Isaacs
and Mrs. J. B. Glennie, and relict of the late
- Moses L. Isaacs, a native of Germany, aged
55 years: and U months. (San Jose papers
please copy.) - . . ,= . *, .
C3Triends and acquaintances are respects
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
] day. May 14, 1902, at 8 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Metzler' 8 undertaking parlors, 630
Washington street. Interment at San Jose
by 9 o'clock train.
LANE — In this city, May 13," 1902. .Clarisse
L., beloved daughter of the late Joseph and
Maggie Lane, , and sister of Mrs. Lizzie Fink
- and Elmer aijd Clarence Lane, a native of
- Eugene, Or., aged 22 years S months and 26
¦ days, j . '
LEVY— In this city, May 12, 1902, -Rebecca,
beloved wife of the late Baruch Levy, ami
, mother of Mrs. Mary Cohn, Mrs'. Anna Sam-
uel, Mrs. Betsy Cohn of San Francisco and
Mrs. P. 'Steler of Denver, Colo., a native of
Kempen, Prussia, aged 84 jrears. '
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend' the to-day
' (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock,' from her late
residence, 418 Lily avenue. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:40 o'clock. train
from Valencia. and Twenty-flfth streets. :
LEVY— In Oakland. May 12, 1902. Sam Levy,
beloved son of Jacob and Sarah Levy, and
brother, of Hilda. Tillie, Albert; Milton and
Harold Levy, a native - of " San Francisco,'
aged 21 years 10 months and 29 days.
IL^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents, 1328 Pierce street.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, via 11 :80
¦ o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. -Kindly omit flowers. .
LEWIS— In this city. May 12, 1003r"Ann Elisa-
beth . Lewis, a native of England, aged 66
years and 2 months. (Bridgeport, Conn.,
papers please copy.) ' .
MOORE— In thl3 city. May 13, 1902. William
Henry Moore, a native ot Massachusetts,
aged t3S years.
E?"Fiineral services to-morrow. (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
CO., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Lau-
,rel Hill Cemetery. % h
MORONEY— In this city. May 12, 1902. Kate.
t widow of the late John Moroney; & native
of Ireland. (Chicago papers. please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from . 8t.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of: her
¦ soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
¦ mains at' the funeral parlors of McAvoy &
Co., 1239 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth.
OLMOS— In Redwood City. May 13.' 1902, An-
tonio Olmos. dearly beloved. husband o£ Ru-
-^perta Olmos, and beloved father of Mrs. S.
TVhlte, Mrs. A. Gonzales. the late Mr». M.
Sherman and Samuel Albert, ! Emma' Lottie
and Toney Olmos, a native of Chile.
PAGANO— In this city, May 13. 1902, Eme-
lina, dearly beloved daughter , of Vincenzo
and Maria Pagano, and sister of Clementine
and Realto Pagano, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 2 months and 4 days. -
(P^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, May 15, 1902, at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 6 Pollard place, off Vallejo
street, between Dunont and Kearny. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery. .
SHEA— In the City and County Hospital. May
13, 1902, John Shea, a native of New York,
aged 41 years. . . „
WILLIAMS— The remains of Francis Williams
will be taken to Tarrytown, N. Y., and laid
to rest beside his father, mother and sister
to-day, May 14, at 10 o'clock. ¦
MEDICAL. ¦¦'. ;*: : "
A— DP. O'DOXNELL. world-renowned special-
jct —Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the Fpecia'.ist en female complaints;
Kunstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped: relief in all
esses taken: the most difficult cases treated;
l:ave relieved thousands of most obstinate
rcatts; free, confidential advice on all subects
ot a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O" DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 6th.
1IHS D. KOHL — Well-known reliable ladles'
ej'cclalist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. R«-
ir.oved to l00S»i Market St., opposite Oth st
SIRS. D. WTETH— Well-known ladies' special-
ist SO years' experience, removed to 100$ H
Market gt.. orp- 5th; hours 9 to S and 7 to 8.
U.KS. SWEET. <3O6 Guerrero, nr. ISth, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs '
experience In atdwlfery cases, takes ladies be-
fcre and durir.:? confinement; best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15- rm.
Aboard $5 week; all who are eick or In trouble
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBlueill.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERn
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S to lll'O Market et.
MKS. DH. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable spedal-
is,t: maternity hospital; home for Infants free:
tec low. 906 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MF.S. D ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
ep*>cialist ; a private home before and during
cir.fincmrnt ; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1O07V4 Market Et.. near Sixth
treats laoies only; relief in all cases takenl
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls-
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, tent to any address In the
United States or Canada cne year for JL
Tiestace raM.
roFPlCES A\D STORES TO LET.
LASUSS, roomy store, T, nice living rooms. 637
O'Farrell st.. near Hyde.
fcTORE v.-ith large basement, below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
£AIXTEHSJiM) DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low raTesT^eTflgureT. J."
C. ROMAIXE, C40 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
ilME. G. L. NEEKGAAHlTTeadTT^to^! 700
Post ft., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. .TEP.OME TOSELLI, Fclentific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
JPKRSOXAXS ! _^
WANTED — Information concerning the pres-
ent whereabouts of PIERCE TOWER, who
lert Boston tome time about 3855 or I860 fcr
California, and ens-aged, it is supposed, in
the fruit growing bu*:;ness. He would now
be about So years old. Kindly send informa-
tion to Advertising Department of The Call,
San Francisco. Cal.
VIAVI has been manufactured for over fifteen
yeare; it cured huncrecs of ailing women in
its f:n-t year and has cured thousands of suf-
'frers every year since: booklet for mothers
end da'.iuhters mailed free. The Viavi Co..
C:io4-tJ-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 2S2, £an t
Francisco. |
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE — Corrple outfit |
$1 week: ladies' tailor made suits, skirts. I
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys' I
suits. ovcrooKts. hats: call, open account at I
our nev.- store. C F. ADAMS CO.. "IS Mason.
>.N elegant line of remnant* for suits to order.
$15: with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on inrtall-
r n;er.ts. fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
~A tt.. between Seventh tnd Eighth.
' ELKCTKIC light ia every rocrn — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. r.ear LiarLet: 7C0 rcorr.s.
"5c to $1 CO ppr ruprht; SI $\) to $G per week;
free 'bus and fci^race to and from the terry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and ray
f.rst-class h?.ir work; hairdresslne, 25c; j
shampooing, Oyc. G. LEDERER, 123 Stock- j
ton st.
A^-WHAT do you think? O. EERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; SI each;
tame as white shirts: selection 300 patterns.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 3. his-
tory greatest fraftie ever played: 10c postpaid.
S. R. Church. 3C7 Sanscme it., San Francisco.
NOV.' ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVAN'S. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT l^ss than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
ar.d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market 6t-
JiOXET loaned at low interest; gold, silver.
fiiarr.ond!-. pearls and precious stones bought
et W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
Vi'HITE enamel fron beds, single, three-quarter
-cr double. 1 2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-l::i2 Stocktcn et., near Broadway.
A — If your hair is fa!;irs: or you are bsld. call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,3o2 O"Farrell;send for circular.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
SUPEF.FLUOrs hair and moles destroyed with
electric r.eedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: Kuperfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. BrUrgr — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
ilr.Fc-jerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical cos-turner. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electzle-Uxht baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 G>ary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Travers-,1170 Market.
ALFKECCMS ngrptian H»nna; restores *rray
hair to it? natural color; (1; et all druggists'.
M ONE UnfCTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
\ instantly; 10c aci 25c. All druggists.
Masquerade costumes. P i ay book*, wiss;
country crderg. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ER LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
b»:rt orm «-jre. 25c: all druggists.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 yages. ter.t to any addreM in the
\r\"-* Frsf-f t Or.nda or.q year for SI.
PHYSICIAXS AND StHGEOXS.
P.UPTUP.E and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation: no detention from business; all
private oiseaft-s trer.t*d successfully: consul-
iztiozi free. Drr. Forden & Pcrterfieid. C Turk.
TjR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
H-C'l'i Market it., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q I.I.. Vancouver Barracks ¦
Wash.. May 12. 1UC2— Sealed proposals in
triplicate, will he rr-ceived here until 11 a.
in.. May 26. 13(.C for fumishir? such quan-
tity of bituminous coal as may be required
f'om time to time during nasal year com-
mencing July 1. 1902. for supply to vessels
pf rtaininjr to the Quartermaster's Depart-
. mtnt ac Portland. Oregon. Information f ur-
rj?he<l here or at Depot Quartermaster's Of-
fice. Portland. Oregon. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Envelopes containing pro-
posals choa'd be marked: "Proposals for
Coal at ," addressf-d J. W. Jacobs.
C. Q. M.
POSTOFFICI2 Department, Washington, D. C.
March 28. J0C2. — Mail Catchers and Deliver-
ers Intended fcr the Purpose of Effecting the
Exchange of Malls with Moving Trains. —
Sealed proposals from patentees or their, as-
signees for the sale cr use of patented de-
vices intended to effect the exchange of malls
¦with moving trains will be received at this
Department until noon on Wednesday, the
2Cth of August, 1902. All proposals must be
made in accordance with the specifications,
which can be obtained from the Second As-
sistant Postmaster General. H. C. PAYNE,
PoBtmaster General.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supjilifts and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June 3. 1002. and publicly opened immediate-
ly thereafter, to furnish «. quantity of bar
Iron. Blank proposal* will be furnished upon
application to the Navy Pay Office, San
Frar.cls<-o. Cel., cr to the Bureau. A S.
KENXr. Paymaster General U. S. If. 5-1-02.
DISSOLUTION OF PAKTXKttSUlP.
NOTICE of dissolution. — The co-partnership
heretofore existing between the undersigned
it this day dissolved by mutual consent. H.
A. DENHARD withdraws from the firm and
E. A. KOLB takes over all the assets and
tssurnes all the liabilities and will continue
the business st the same etand, 417-419 Mont-
gomery St.. £aa FranciEco. under the firm
name cf THE KOLB COMPANY. All ac-
counts due or to become due Kolb & Den-
bard must be paid to THE KOLB COMPANY
only. Dated San Francisco, April 22. 1802.
H. A. DENHARD.
E. A. KOLB.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co room
10, second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
cisco. May 6, 1902.— Dividend No. 200 of 42o
per share en tne capital Block of the Contra
Costa Water Co. will be payable at the office
of naid company, room IC. second floor, Mill*
tmUfiing. on May 15, 1002. Transfer books
will close on May i*. 1902. at. 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
LEASED ~~
1O LEASE — Ker.ll worth Inn; romantically sit-
«p.ted in Mill Valley; 00 minutes' ride from
6an Francisco; completely furnished; !n good
Condition; 40 rooms; st'am and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout:
elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply MADISON
* BURKE, 30 Montgomery St.. or ROBERTS.
Keal Estate Agent. Mill Valley, Cal.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO..
C3S Market st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. ' ; r
AUCTION
TUESDAY MAY 20, 1902.
At our salesroom. No. C38 Market st.
At 12 o'clock noon.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. * 727. 729) Hayes Et. and
north side (No. 030) Linden ave.. 110 ft. west
of Buchanan St.— Two modern flats of 6 rooms
and bath on Hayes st. and a cottage of 4 rooms
2 n on indcn ave « renting exceedingly low at
$»20 per annum; large lot 27:6x120 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Southwest line (Nos. 42. 42A and 12B) Gil-
bert St., 105 ft. northwest of Brannan St.—
Three well-built flats of 5. 3, 3 rooms and a
rear bouse of 2 rooms, renting for $480 per
annum.
ALSO.
Southwest line (No. 44). Gilbert st.. SO ft.
northwest of Brannan st. — Improvements con-
sist of 2-story frame building, containing two
nats of « and 3 rooms; rents $360 per annum;
lots 25xS0 ft. each. These properties can be
bought separately or as a whole.
MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT.
"West line (NosT 112, 112%) Morris ave., 135
ft. south of Bryant st.-^Two substantial well-
built fiats, containing 5 and 4 rooms each,
gas, etc; renting for $264 per annum; lot
20x75 ft.
CARL STREET BUILDING LOTS.
North line Carl St., 104 ft. east of Cole — Six
large lots, level and ready for building. In a
neighborhood in which over 75 per cent of the
improvements are new and modern; surrounded
by elegant homes; close to Golden Gate Park
and the Affiliated Colleges; lot 25x137:6 each.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South, line (Nos. 1109-11) Turk st., 87:6 ft.
weet of Lacuna — Two modern fla* of 10 and
6 rooms and bath; key lot to Laguna 6t. ; rents
$1080 per annum; lot 25x90 feet.-
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side of Castro st., 25 ft. north of Jer-
sey — A handsome piece of unimproved property,
directly opposite the Castro-st. carhouse, and
on which stores and flats or a lodging-house
would pay well; lot S7x80 ft. • ¦
TWENTY-FOURTH STREET COTTAGE.
South side (No. 3521) 24th St., 115 ft. west ;
of San Jose ave. — Fine cottage of 4 rooms. In j
I fir?t-cla*s condition. This is a bargain for i
buyers- of this class of property; street bltum-
inized; lot 25x109 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT BUILDING LOT.
Eatt line of Sharon st., 145 ft. north -of
16th and between Church and Sanchez — Ele-
frant level building lot. which would pay well
if improved with small flats; lot 25x125 ft.
RICHMOND HOMES.
East line (No 32S) 5th ave.. 275 ft. south of
Clement st.— Elegant cottage of 5 rooms and
bath with attic and basement; desirably lo-
cated and modern; lot .25x120 ft.
South line (No. 107) California st.. 57:6 ft.
west of 2nd ave. — Modern cottage, with brick
foundation, of 5 rooms, porcelain bath, high
basement, 'etc.: four tar lines within one block
of this property; lot 25x100 ft.
' West side (No. 231) 2nd ave.. 250 ft. north of
! Clement st. — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and
I bath, basement, brick foundation; lot 25x120 ft.
! GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
Northwest corner of '37th- ave. and D st. —
' Nine elegant corner lots, facing Golden Gate
1 Park: 132:6x200 ft. This property being only
a few blocks from the terminus of the electric
cars has a fine future and will double in value
in the next year.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &CO..
C3S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
$15 000 — California Et., near Polk; grand key
let 50x137:6 ft.; old improvements pay
$1020 per annum; grand site for a
t emily hotel; would consider a trade
of Western Addition residence as part
payment.
$11,500 — Three modern well-built flats of 5-6-7
rooms and bath on Jackson st.. east
of Van Ness ave.; sanitary plumbing,
etc.; rents $1290 per annum.
$9.000 Two well-built modern houses of S and
ft rooms and bath on Bush St.. near
Lagune; lot 37:6x137:6; rents $900
per annum. *
$27 500 — Lot and improvements, north line of
O'Farrell St.. near Mason; 27:6x137:6
feet.
$45.000 — Sutter St.. near Stockton; lot 37x6x
1U0 feet.
$7,250 — Reduced for Immediate sale; an ex-
tremely well-built home of 9 large
rooms and bath on the north side of
Washington st., near Webster. This
property was built by a contractor for
* • hisewn home- and--- Is first-class In
e%ery respect; let 25x92 :4Vi feet.
$7 p S00 — Must be sold to close an estate on
Bush st.. near Broderick: handsome
sunny residence of 10 rooms and bath,
substantially built, well planned and
in good condition; rents $540 per an-
num; large lot 52x97 feet
Pays over 13% per annum — Seven flats of 4-3
rooms and bath; reduced from $6000
for immediate sale, asking $5250;/ well
built and in first-class condition^ al-
ways rented: near 7th and Harrison
ets.; lot 50xS0 feet.
Pays over 15% per annum — Six flats jo? 3 rooms
each, near Oth and Bryant; always
rented; bargain; lot 25x80 feet.
PROBATE SALE OF LOTS.
$4,250 — Corner on Sanchez St., near 18th; lot
54:2x104 feet.
$2,250 — Choice lot on Green St., near Fillmore;
32:6x137:0 feet.
J2.0C0 — Dclores, near ISth; 29x110 feet.
$1.700 — Key lot on Green St., near Steiner;
27:6x137:6 feet. ,
$150 each — Three lots/on San Bruno road,
Cortland ave. ; level and ready for
building. '
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
630 Market Street.
Pierce and California — Double corner. 50x120,
v/ith six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, r.ear 14th — Lot 25x100; fine view.
Jones, near Jackson — Large lot and. 7-room
house: very cheap.
California St., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
hcuees, 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage.
Geary Et., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 stories, 7 rooms and, bath; lot 22:0x82:6,
Eureka St.. betweeiff 17th and ISth— Lot' 50x
120 with one-story cottage. 7 rooms and bath
• ivl stable; $4000.
Eureka Et.. between 17th and 18th — 3 flats. 7
and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$CCOO. !
O'Farrell, 'between Polk and Van Ness — Lot:
27:t'xl20 to rear street, with 4 houses; well'
rented.
Arlington, between Natick and Roanoke — Lot
43x51 to 59 feet; only $400.
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
3-stcry bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st.. between Pierce and Scott —
Fino lot. 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro ft.; easy terms If desire*.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lat
51x120. with six houses and flats; all rentedJP 1
Fclsom. bet. 3d and 4th — Large lot; old im-
provements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel or
factory.
Fine residence In Oakland, overlooking Lake
Mcrritt — Mxignificent view and large lot; for
rale or trade for city property.
Tb-o lots In Holladay May A cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th — 25 or 50x103.
Cheap lotRj in Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot; near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon — Cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:0.
JOSEPH STRAUB. Real Estate Agent. "
b50 Market st. ; telephone Grant 177.
Rents Collected.
$3,000 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath,
on Clementina St., near 6th; lot 20x80
$3,500 — Two cottages on Filbert St., near Fill-
more; lot 26:8x120; two frontages.
$35,000 — Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
v_. • residence .with stable; pays 9 per cent;
owner must leave on account sickness
$6,000 — Two-story house,- 6 rooms, bath, base-
ment, laundry, garden; every tiling in
good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan Et.
$8,500 — Jackson St., near Baker; three modern
flats; rents $81 60 per month.
$10, COO — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott St., near Geary; worth $12,000.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; lot
126x300; price $2000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
JOSEPH STRAUB,, S50 Market st.
$4750 — 2-STORY frame storeroom and flat a
rooms; corner; lot 2Cxl00; Mission.
$2750— 6-room cottage, bath; high basement-
lot 25x100; back yard; Mission.
$3C00— 2-stcry frame. 11 rooms and bath* back
yard, barn; rent $25; corner; lot 30x100-
Mission.
$2600 Each. 6 5-room cottages, bath: back
yard; high basement; Potrero ave.
HEALY & CARR Realty & Mining Co.,
Phone James 4121. 713 Market Et.. room 406.
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car service
In the world; every 10 minutes. !
You wjll never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
ctages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Eadowa St.. Ocean View.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable, at Ban Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D. . ¦ Apply to
CHA8. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery St., or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
BARGAIN— New 5-room house, all modern Im-
provements; high finished basement; on car
line; email amount each, balance like rent.
Owner on premises, Chenery & Falrmount.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY--.FOR,^ SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., ;
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
A U C T I ON
.AUCTION
Of . Residence, Investment and Unimproved
Properties at our salesroom; MONDAY, May 19,
1902, at 12 o'clock noon.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
The Following Three Properties Must Be Sold:
No. 1.
2811-2813 Green St.. near Baker— Two sub-
stantial and well-built flats of 6-7 rooms and
bath each; rents $33 per month; lot 31:6x125.
ALSO
Two choice buildings lots, 25x125 each, and
cottage of 5 rooms; rent $10; lot 25x125, irreg-
ular. Terms — One-third cash, balance 1, 2 or. 3
years at 6 per cent.
No. 2.- *
2800-2S02 Gough St., NE. cor. Filbert— Two
flats of 6 rooms each; rent $30 per month; lot
30:1x110.
v ALSO J
Six building lots, 25x110 each. Terms — One-
third cash, balance 1, 2 or 3 years at 6 per
cent. ' - ¦
No. 3.
2601 Post St., SW. cor> Lyon — Improvements
consist of store and dwelling; lot 30x92:6, ir-
regular. Terms— One-third cash, balance 1, 2
or 3 years at 6 per cent.
HOWARD-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
112C Howard St., north line, near 7th — Sub-
stantial 3-story and basement building, con-
taining store and two flats of 8 rooms each;
rent $67 BO per month ; lot 25x90.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
SW. cor. Union and Scott sts. — Four desir-
able residence lots, 27:6x110 and 137:0; this lo-
cation is rapidly becoming very choice residence
property.
Washington st., south line, between Central
ave. and Walnut st. — Four desirable residence
lots. 27:6x127:8% each; these lots are nicely
located and command a marine view.
Washington st., north line, between Lyon st.
and Central ave. — Two choice and select resi-
dence lots, 25x102:8% each.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
969 Hayes St., near Steiner— An elegant two-
story and basement residence, containing 15
rooms and bath, handsomely finished and so ar-
ranged that it could readily be occupied by two
families; gas separate for each floor; large at-
tic; key lot. 25x137:6; sun all day.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2530 Washington st., north/line, near Steiner
— Bay-window residence of 10 rooms and bath
beautifully situated and opposite Lafayette
square; an excellent residence location; large
"PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
NE. cor. Jackson st. and Central ave. — This
choice corner,. 81:2xl27:SV4, we will offer In
Fubdivisions; nicely elevated and commanding
an unobstructed marine view. ' .
BROADWAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
1117-1117 % Broadway, near Jones st. — Good
Improvements: consist of 3 flats of 3-4-4 rooms
*ach; rents $23 50 per month; brick foundation.
Ftone walks, etc.; bank mortgage of $1300 at 6
per cent can remain.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Twenty-fourth st., north line, between Dia-
mond and. Douglass— Desirable building lot,
*o: 10x114.
For catalogues and further particulars apply
t0 G. H. UMBSEN & CO., •
. | 14 Montgomery st.
$2000 — STEINER at., near Vallejo: lot ready
*$£ building; 27:6x110. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market st.
HOUSE and two lots; 4 rooms, basement; near
electric cars. Address box 949. Call office.
COUNTRY — For Sale
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
$13 50 — 150 acres partly foothill land, two
miles from Clayton; 100 'acres in cul-
per tivation. balance good grazing land;
partly timbered; new 4-room house,
acre barn and family orchard; water from
. springs and wells; 40 acreg is valley
land worth half of the price asked for
the whole. (291)
$30 00—160 acres of good foothill land, 4 miles
from Martinez; 5-room houee; large
per barn; wagon shed; spring water piped
to house and barn; 4 acres orchard; 3
acre, acres vineyard;. 115 acres, plowed;
balance pasture. (202)
$20 00—1650 acres fine stock ranch, 5 miles
from Martinez; 200 acres rich valley;
per 700 acres grain or hay land; plenty
. timber; plenty water; 3 small houses,
acre, barns and other buildings; one-third
cash, balance easy terms. (293)
BUTTE COUNTY. " -
$35,000—10 acres orange grove In thriving con-
._ ditlon, 5 miles from Oroville; one-
quarter mile from depot, church and
school; good location; $2000 cash, bal-
ance easy terms. ¦ (252)
$1,200—30 acres land, half planted to figs,
one mile from town; adjoins the fa-
mous Hearst orchard; 15 acres good
orange land; the entire tract can be
irrigated. (288)
$1,800 — 69-acre farm, 3 miles from Oroville:
family orchard, small vineyard; 15
acres in grain; 34 acres timber; all
fenced; two dwellings; good barn; nice
spring water; irrigation from main
water ditch. . (289)
$1,300—40 acres all level land; Sacramento
Valley, 2 *£ miles from town; 12 miles
from Oroville; 5-room house; large
barn and windmill ; 4 good wells • fur-
nish abundance of water; all tillable
land; family orchard; this is an ex-
tra bargain. (290)
PLUMAS COUNTY.
$5,600 — 560 acres timber tract; will cut 50,-
000 feet per acre; sugar pine, yellow
pine, fir and cedar. (271)
We have a number of fine orange groves In
Butt*. County, nicely • bearing; also large list
of small ranches in Sonoma. Contra Costa,
Santa Cruz, Santa Clara. San.Joaquln. Yolo
and Napa counties. Prospective buyers are
ccrdially requested to call or write
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.
820-823 Hayward Building. '
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electrio cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of. finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner, Elmhurst.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
UNHEARD-OF bargain; beautiful home in
choicest part of Santa Clara Co. ; elegant
two-story house; large barn and outbuildings;
abundance of water; will give $1500 for this
year's crop. For full particulars address
box 917. Call office. i
FARMS, ranches, citt and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
lng Co., 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Joee and Peninsular
. properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTOrf &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. Fr. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON, Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMBPA HRATi ESTATE.
FOR SALE— New, modern cottage; first-class
In all appointments; large grounds; in the
hc.et port of Alameda; a veritable Bargain on
account of departure for Europe; furniture
for ralo.
- A fine residence of 12 rooms, bath pan-
try, etc.'; furniture; stable and outhouses;
windmill; lot 125x230; corner; fronting On
three streets. For particulars call on JO-
SFPH STRAUB, 850 Market at., S. F.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alameda Land Company.
$1500 — The cheapest ! piece of property ever
offered in Alameda; fine home 8 rooms 'an»l
bath; lot 62x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st
stations ; a snap.. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St., Alameda.,
$2000— NEW cottage, 5 rooms; lot 40x120; south
frontage. • • .
$1080— Lot 40x120: Santa Clara avenue,
near Morton st. ; will build to suit *
J. H. YOUNG.
" 1243 Park st.
$4500 — OFFER wanted; bank foreclosure r must
be sold Immediately; splendid residence on
San Antonio, near Union; rent $40 -"lot 4°x
ISO. EDWARD J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ¦ .
WHY pay rent, when we will sell you a good
5-room modern, house on a '¦ lari»e lot near
station for $50 down, balance small -month-
ly payments no larger than you now pay for
rent? HOME REALTY CO.- . .
GOOD 4-room cottage; 3000-gal. tank' and
good. windmill; Iot»35xl30; street work done-
lot worth price asked for place; only one
block from Ashby station; price $1200- terms
same as- rent. HOME REALTY CO.. -
• i Lorin Station, Berkeley Cal
Open Sundays. •¦
A" NEW modern high basement cottage of ' 5
rooms and bath; pretty mantel, china closet
etc.; large lot; close to station, stores, etc.;
price $1800: only $50 down, balance same aa
rent. HOME REALTY CO. v.
IT \ls very convenient to be able to get hot
water without having to light a'flre; Ir can
only be done with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater." ; - - -.
. ¦ .1 will sell you a well-built 9-room hcuse,
with : window shades, combination fixtures;
. fine corner, lot; and throw In a "Sunshine
Water Heater," all for $3500. .
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley. Sta.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCH, 514 Pine.TJnity Club Lecture.
Henry Payot will deliver, a lecture on
"The Edge of the Orient," superbly illus
trated with stereontlcon views, this even
ing at 8 o'clock at the Unity Club,'Gold
en Gate Hall. After, Payot's lecture- the
debate will , be continued from last', week
on "How to Build California," by William
E. Smytheof San Diego, -president ,¦• of
the Constructive League of. California, v..
I/yon's Case Continued.
The case of William Lyons, who con
ducts a saloon at 218 Post street, was
heard before the Police Commissioners
last night. Testimony as to the charac
ter of the place showed it to be of ex
cellent reputation and that no trouble or
disorder whatever/ had occurred about
the place. . _ ¦¦
Arthur Barendt, a reporter employed on
a morning paper, who appeared at the last
meeting of the board as an attorney, and
who presented a petition from business
men against the saloon, had suddenly dis
appeared from the case. Chief Wittman
however, endeavored to subpena all the
men whose names were affixed to the pe
tition, ' but many of - them either dodged
the summons or failed to appear. Those
that did testify said they had no particu
lar objection to Lyons' place, but thought
a ' saloon Interfered with business at any
place. The case was continued one week.
Police Officer Quarles. charged with in
toxication, failed to appear for trial and
was suspended, his 'hearing being set for
4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
They Steal a Very Heavy Pump From
the Mare Island Navy-
Yard.
Oscar Dunlap' and Thomas Boyle were
convicted by a jury yesterday in the Unit
ed States District Court of the crime of
larceny, committed at the Mare Island
Navy Yard. Third Assistant United States
Attorney Ben L. McKinley conducted the
prosecution. The evidence was that the
prisoners took off a float attached to the
training ship Independence, a handy billy
pump weighing 175 pounds and a quantity
of suction hose, all belonging to the Gov
ernment. They were making for the Val
lejo shore when they were pursued by
the master-at-arms of the Independence.
Being closely pressed they dumped the
pump overboard in shallow water. They
showed fight but were overcome and ar
rested by the master-at-arms and the
Chief of Police of Vallejo. There was
practically no defense, and the jurors
without , leaving their seats, returned a
verdict of guilty. «
DUNLAP AND BOYLE !
GUILTY OF LARCENY
Fred Hansted, who is under arrest on a
charge of assaulting Thomas Garrect,
secured a writ of habeas corpus
from Judge Sloss yesterday. The writ
Is returnable before . Judge Sloss to
morrow at 2 p. m. The writ was claimed
on the ground that Hansted, who was ar
rested for a misdemeanor, is being held
on a felony charge.
Seek Release of Hansted.
City Hall Telephone System.
Louis Glass, vice president of the Paqlfic
States Telephone Company, Informed the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that the
total cost of installing a private exchange
telephone system for the City Hall will
be $3378, exclusive of the telephones which
must be rented at the special rates al
lowed the city. ,
Owing to the fact that yesterday was
collection day there was no session of the
Grand Jury. A quorum^did not put in an
appearance at the rooms. In response to
the subpenas almost all the Supervisors
reported at the jury's chambers, but they
made their visit in vain. The Maypr did
not attend in person, but he sent his sec
retary to make an excuse for his absence,
as he had gone out with Harriman and
Governor Odell.
Grand Jury Does Not Meet.
gality of License in Telephone
¦ Slot Machines.
Legal Lights Axguo Question of Le-
The demurrer to the suit of the city
and county against the Pacific States Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company was ar
gued before Judge Seawell yesterday and
submitted for decision. The suit is
brought by the city to recover $29,000
claimed to be due on a license of $2 per
quarter levied on 14,500 telephones under
ordinance 15S9.
Attorney Alfred Sutro argued on behalf
of the telephone company and Attorney
Brobeck, from the office of the City At
torney, spoke for the municipality.
Sutro claimed that the nickel dropped
in the telephone box did not beget ser
vice, as it acted simply as a signal. For
this reason, said Sutro, the telephone
company should not be taxed for Its
nickel-in-the-slot telephones.
Brobeck argued at length in opposition
to Sutro's contentions. He said that he
was seeking the enforcement of an obli
gation empowered by law. Referring to
the signal part of Sutro's argument, he
said the nickel might give the signal, but
it is upon this signal that service is ren
dered.
ATTORNEY SAYS NICKEL
ACTS ONLY AS SIGNAL
Civil Service Commission. Gets Face
tious With Police Commissioners
Over. One of Their Selections.
The Civil Service Commissioners no-'
titled the Board of Police Commissioners
yesterday that it disapproves of the ap
pointment of George F. Kelly as matron.
Kelly is the photographer of the Police
Department, jj and in the notification to
the commission of his appointment his
name was written opposite the word
"matron"— evidently a clerical error. In
a communication to the Police Board
Secretary Edward F. Moran of the com
mission says:
While this commission believes that your
honorable body has made due Inquiry as to
the ability, of- your appointee to fulfill the
many and ' various duties of the position to
which you have appointed him, and while we
have no reason to doubt that said appoint
ment was made in all good faith, we yet feel
constrained to refuse our approval of the se
lection of Mr. Kelly as matron, and hereby
assign the following reasons therefor:
1 — Under rule 24 of this commission, to
which you are respectfully referred, "the duties
of the position to be filled, rather than the
name by which it is called," shall be consid
ered in filling requisitions. As we know of no
duties attaching to the position of matron, ex
cept those usually performed by. persons whose
positions are properly dignified by that respect-*
ed title, we. perforce, dissent from the ap
pointment of a person whose abilities to prop
erly. perform, the duties . of - the office, have not
been fully demonstrated,- and of whose quali
fications, notwithstanding ' the action of your
honorable board, there is , a lingering doubt in
the minds of this commission.
In disapproving | the appointment of j your
appointee, we do not desire to- cast any re
flection upon his personality. "We are officially
advised, and therefore believe, that *he ap
pearance of the appointee may have' led your
honorable board, unwittingly. Into error. We
are informed that this appointee is of a grave,
sedute and matron-like manner, of. full habit
and smooth and beardless face. Moreover, we
understand, ho is addicted in an extreme de
gree to many arts in which matrons must de
light, such as ping-pong and crocheting, and Is
withal of a most delightful and versatile
genius.. It is said, however, that he is ad
dicted to a habit which alone should debar
him from appointment to the position In which
you seek to place him. In brief, it is charged
that your appointee chews plug tobacco, with
out removing the tin plugs. . To this idiosyn
crasy this commission makes most positive ob
jection.
WILL NOT APPROVE KELLY'S
APPODJTMENT AS A MATRON
Dublin and Leitrim Give Entertain-
ment and Are Ably Assisted
by the Hibernians.
Dublin and Leitrim booths had charge
of the entertainment last night at the
Irish Fair and the natives of both coun
ties crowded the pavilion in honor of the
occasion. Professor Allen's band ren
dered its customary fine programme and
the affair was voted a great success.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians as
sembled . at their hall. 120 Ninth street,
and marched to the pavilion in a , body.
They took part In the festivities and min
gled with the crowd in the different
booths. They were the special guests of
the ladies of Dublin and Lietrim, and
were charmingly entertained.
George P. Morgan gave an interesting
exhibition of burlesque skating at Ty
rone booth. He did some clever tricks
and was loudly applauded by the spec
tators.
All the attractions were well patronized
by the visitors who attended the fair last
night and the evening was one
of the most successful since the
opening. A merry contest is going
on to decide who As the most popu
lar young lady of the many .different
booths. The contest Is waxing fast and
furious and much rivalry exists between
the fair candidates.
To-night is reserved for the County
Kerry celebration and there Is great hus
tle and bustle to make it an event that
will surpass anything yet given during
the fair. • Mrs. Galvin will have charge
and with her many assistants she has
been faithfully working to arrange a
fitting celebration.
The Hackmen's Union met last night
and voted, to take 400 tickets for the
Irish fair. • A committee was appointed
to Induce all the labor unions to send
delegates to the fair on labor night,
Wednesday, May 22.*
IRISH FAIR ATTRACTS
ENTHUSIASTIC CROWDS
Commisisioners Report Gain of
$1,046,068 in Deposits Since
Close of Last Year.
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
ports that there is now on* deposit in the
savings banks of this city $1.046,OCS more
'than at the close of last year. Each of
the nine Institutions of this kind is said to
be in a most prosperous condition.
; The statement of their combined re
sources and liabilities, as officially record
ed April 30. is as follows: .
Reeourcea — Bank premises, $1,822,419 37:
oth»r real estate, $5,357,060 04; miscellaneous
stocks and bonds and county warrants. $&>.
222.SS3 10; loans on reaj estate. $63,550,607 SS;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants, $5,26S t 
234 «9; loans on personal security, including
overdrafts, $2160 70; money on hand, $2,226,
270 SI; due from banks and bankers, $2,250,-
S26 89; furniture and fixtures, expenses and
taxes and other assets, $000,142 77; total re
sources, $UG.400,5GG 90.
Liabilities — Capital paid in coin, 4.050,000 00;
reserve fund and profit and loss. $5,993,229-10;
<3u<» depositors, $134,476,550 77; other liabilities,
$1,880,787. 03;. total liabilities. $146,400,566 00.
CITY'S SAVINGS BANKS
IN PROSPEROUS CONDITION
Befcins Van and Storage Co. -will move
ecd 6tore your goods. C30 Market street. •
Want Sheriff to Serve Order.
A motion asking that an order be issued
directing the Sheriff to oust Powel Fred
rick from the office of Justices* Clerk
¦will be made before Judge- Sloss to-day
fcv the attorneys for George McComb,
who was declared entitled to that position
fcy Sloss last Saturday. The matter came
up before Judge Sloss yesterday, but was
postponed. Abe Ruef represents Fred
rick.
John Murphy Signs the Names of
Alleged Witnesses to Document,
Which Is Holographic.
A suit to quiet title filed by the heirs
of John Murphy, who died in this city
in 1860. caused the unearthing of a very
peculiar will yesterday. Murphy left a
holographic will dated December 26, 3S57,
reading as follows:
Know all men for their presents that I, John
Murphy, do give and bequeath to my wife,
Bridget Murphy, all my right and title to my
house and lot of land eltuated in the city and
county of San Frand6co.
In witness thereof I sign my hand and seal
this 26th day of December in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and flfty
seven. y~ , . . • JOHN MURPHY,
/ . Deceased.
P. S. — Any expenses that Is due on this said
property Is to be paid by my wife. Bridget
Murphy.
Present witnese:
DANIEL. HART.
THOMAS HERNE.
FLORENCE CROWLET.
The peculiar feature of the will is the
fact .that Murphy signed himself "de
ceased," and that the names of the wit
nesses to the will are in the same hand
writing in which the document is written.
The property in question is located at
the corner of Folsom and Fremont
streets. The suit Is brought by Bridget
Deasy. a daughter of the widow of the
deceased.
Gsme Law Violator Punished.
Deputy Fish Commissioner W. R.
"Welch reports the conviction of Henry
Gould of Sebastopol at Santa Rosa last
Monday on a charge of catching trout
out of season. Gould was fined $25 by
Judge Brown.
Business men congregate at Cafe Zin
kand for lunch. Good service. *
Adams' Hair Restorer promotes growth, re
stores color and beauty to thin eray hair. 30c •
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday Judge Morrow ordered condemna
tion proceedings to be taken in two suits
of she United States of America against
August Eymard and -others for the pos
session of portions of Sections 28, 29 and
30 of Township 16 North, Range 5 East
on the Tuba River in Yuba County for the
uses of the Debris Commission. The order
of condemnation was made in accordance
with a. stipulation between the parties fix
« o-a price to be paid for the land at
Condemned for Debris Dams.
BATHER PECULIAR WILL
IS BROUGHT TO LIGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 13.-Hattie De.
laro Barnes, the divorced wife of a son
of General W. H. L. Barnes of San Fran
cisco, according to statements made
here, is the central figure in a breach of
promise case, and a suit for money al
leged to have, been loaned, brought in
the Federal court against Clyde Shrop
shire, a Salt Lake lawyer.
Shropshire, who came to this city re
cently from Kentucky, was formerly
United States Vice Consul in France, and
the testimony taken to-day deals with the
life he led there after meeting with the
actress who brings the suit. Mrs. Barnes
is widely known through her portrayal of
Madge in the play "In Old Kentucky,"
and through her appearance on the
vaudeville stage with a pickaninny band.
She declared that Shropshire promised
to marry her. To soothe , her grief - and
disappointment over his marrying an
other woman she asks 550,000. She also
wants something over $2000 for money she
says she loaned him. On the stand she
swore that together they plunged into the
Paris social swirl when he was Vice
Consul there in 1S97. She said she helped
pay the bills, and for this purpose was
at times obliged to pawn her jewelry.
They traveled over the United States to
gether, she said, and were supposed to
be husband and wife. . :
Shropshire testified that he tasted the
cup of gayety In Paris with her, but that
he paid her everything she loaned him
and more. He said that he desired ito
leave her, but that she has pursued him
over two continents with threats of ex
posure if he did not keep on giving her
money. The trial of the two cases will
last several days.
• L. P. Matkin, who lives at 2572 Lombard
street, was shot in the left hand last
evening while' trying to prevent George
Martin from killing the latter's sister,
Mrs. Maria Dorfler. The shooting took
place at Martin's residence. 907 Harrison
street. Martin was taken into custody by
Policeman: P. . Sullivan and a charge of
assault to murder was placed against
him. Matkin declined to prosecute Mar
tin, as he did not deem his injuries of
any magnitude. Mrs. Dorfler' was 'of .a
different mind, however, as she went to
the City "Prison and mad; the charge on
which her -brother was arrested.
Mrs. Dorfler -etated that her brother had
often threatened to kill her and but for
the timely presence of Matkin he might
have carried out his intention.
Martin had been drinking heavily for
the last week and about 6:30 last evening
he rushed into the room where Mrs. Dor
fler and Matkin were seated and yelled,
"I've come to kill you," but before he
could carry the threat into execution
Matkin grappled with him. During the
struggle the pistol went off and the bul T
let plowed through (Matkin's hand.
When Martin saw* what he had done he
dropped- the pistol and tried to make his
escape. He rushed out of a side entrance
into, the street, but was pointed out to
Officer Sullivan by those attracted by the
shot. . i
Matkin went to a drug store at Sixth
and.Folsom streets and had his wounds
dressed. He there identified Martin as
the man who did the shooting.
It appears that Martin Is part owner in
a piece of property occupied by himself
and sister. Every month he Is given his
share of the proceeds from the rental of
the building and immediately spends it
for liquor. He was arrested a few months
ago for vagrancy and was given sixty
days. He has been in the habit of scar
ing his sister by telling her he would kill
her and then end his own life. /
The troubles of the local unions of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners and the Building Trades Coun
cil remain unsettled. The master builS
ers are greatly worried at <he outlook
and a masc-meeting of contractors will
bo held to-night for the purpose of de
vising ways and means for the settlement
of the controversy.
It was rumored last night that the
plumbers had announced their intention
to support the carpenters in their fight
against the - Building Trades Council.
Owing to the fact that the carpenters
of the unions which remain loyal to the
council are being called off dally by
business agents the plumbers have been
losing considerable time during the last
two; weeks and they are making loud
complaints in consequence. A committee
of plumbers met last night and consid
ered the advisability of withdrawing from
the Building Trades Council entirely and
tnus show their sympathy for the broth
erhood carpenters in their tight.
The news of the probable action of the
plumbers has lillea the unions of the
Droiherhood with joy. On the other
hand the Building Trades Council- re
gards the situation one of extreme grav
ity. Should the plumbers carry out their
idea, as they probably will, the Building
.Trades Council will practically lose • its
fight.: • I
UNIONS AiRE LOYAL.
At a meeting of the new district coun
cil of the brotherhood last night reports
were received stating that the plumbers,
plasterers, painters . and lathers now af
filiated with .the Building Trades Coun
cil absolutely refuse to quit work when
ordered to do so by agents of the coun
cil because brotherhood carpenters are
working on their jobs. The men of these
crafts say that they are well satisfied
to work with brotherhood men and they
decline to submit to loss of time and
money at the dictation of men who hava
nothing but prestige to lose in the light
now being wagetr. The promises of sup
port received from all quarters have
greatly encouraged the brotherhood men
to remain firm. '
Resolutions of sympathy and support
were received from many out of town
unions, including No. 194 of Alameda,
No. 162 of San Mateo, No. 352 of Los An
geles, No. 642 of Eastyard, No. 66$ of
Palo Alto and No. 751 of Santa Rosa. All
of the unions mentioned roundly de
nounced P.- H. McCarthy, president of
the Building Trades Council, as being re
sponsible for the troubles in which the
carpenters are involved.
STRIKE OF THE TANNEBS.
The strike of the tanners In the empioy
of Poetsch & Peterson remains unsettled.
A committee of the union visited the tan
nery yesterday and formally presented
the demands of the striking employes for
an increase of wages to the amount of
25 cents a day. The proprietors took the
matter under advisement and informed
the committee that they would reach a
decision later in the week. - ' .
The firm in question is utilizing the
time in putting in new boilers and in im
proving the plant. Poetsch said last
night that he was willing to meet the
men half way, but that he could not say
he favored granting the demand as made.
He was in favor of establishing a piece
work system, by which the capable men'
would, earn more than they are now ask
ing, for.- A., plan to that effect will be
presented to the strikers at the next con
ference.
The total number of men out on strike
is forty-eight. It was rumored In labor
circles last night that the employes of
other tanneries are contemplating making
similar demands. If the - strike of
Poetsch & Peterson's men is successful
other strikes are likely to be inaugurated.
CABMEN" NOT SATISFIED.
At a largely attended meeting of Divi
sion No. 205 of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street Railway Employes of
America held last night at 117 Turk
street the main topic of discussion was
the new timetables issued by the United
Railroads. Considerable dissatisfaction
was | expressed about some of the new
time cards, which enabled the men to
earn but $2 25 a day and less. A letter
drafted by the executive committee and
presented to the grievance committee,
requesting a change of timetables so
that the regular men can earn $2 50 a
day was unanimously indorsed.
The hospital question was fully gone
into and the whole matter was referred
back to the . executive committee to re
port at. next meeting. The sentiment ex
pressed after several members and Sec
retary Rosenberg of the Labor Council
had advised the carmen was to stick to
the hours and wage question, leaving the
minor matters for the future.
Latter Attempts to Kill His
Sister, Mrs. Maria
¦Dorfler.
Actress Tells of Incidents in
the Rapid Parisian
Life.
General Strike of Tanners
Threatened— Carmen Are
Dissatisfied.
Plumbers From the^
Building Trades.
Probable Withdrawal of
f ¦ ¦ ¦ ' : ¦ '¦ ¦ .• ¦ -
L. P. Matkin Is Shot in
the Left Hand by
G. Martin. . '
Hattie Delaro Barnes
Sues a Salt Lake ,
¦ , ¦ ¦
Lawyer. V
DEFENDS WOMAN
AND IS WOUNDED
LABOR TROUBLE
GROWS SERIOUS
SAYS SHE USED
HER OWN COIN
Good Ladies'. 'Shoes for little Money.
$2 50 ladles shoes for $1 at the Bee Hive
Shoe Co., 717 Market. St., near Third. •
Schooner Ocean Spray Libeled.
H. C. Lassen filed a libel In the United
States District Court ; yesterday ; against
the schooner. Ocean Spray to prevent her
being sent out of this port on a voyage,
Lassen alleges that he owns three-eighths
of. the schooner, his interest being worth
$750, and that the Union Wood & Timber
Company' owns four-eighths. He com
plains that the vessel is about to be sent
to sea without his consent. -
For running over the tail of a yellow
dog H. B. Lazerlere, a well known society
man of this city, is being prosecuted in
the Police Court of Sausalito Township.
The crime is of such magnitude that the
friends of the dog have engaged leading
counsel to prosecute the cruel defendant,
and the friends of the latter have clubbed
together and hired Judge James Lang
home to save him. The trial will be held
to-morrow night, and it promises to be
a "cause celebre."
It appears from the complaint in the
hands of the Town Marshal that Mr.
Lazerlere, "with malice aforethought,"
ran an automobile laden with precious
freight over the tall of aforesaid yellow
dog, disturbing its peace of mind and
lacerating its feelings, all of which was
contrary to the- peace and dignity of Sau
salito Township; that' said Lazerlere was
negligent in handling the horseless car
riage and "auto" have known better than
to disturb the siesta of a dog sunning it
self in the roadway, even though said
dog is mongrel in breed and yellow in
color.
In answering the complaint filed by the
friends of the yellow dog Mr. Lazerlere
sets up a cross-complaint, in which he al
leges at great length that he is not at
fault and entitled to damages for arrest,
false imprisonment and injury to his feel-,
ings. .->.... .
In the answer Mr. Lazerlere admits
having' run over the dog's tail, but denies
this gave palp to said mongrel or lacer
sited its feelings, but on the contrary con
stituted an act of charity in removing
a superfluous part of its caudal append
age, as it would save It suffering from
hydrophobia or other "Ills that yellow
dogs are heir to." •
For a separate cause of action defend
ant Lazerlere sets up the following state
ment 0"f facts:
"That A. B. Costlsan. Cflauda Terry
Hamilton, Robert P. Greer and defendant.
H. B. Lazerlere journeyed to Sausallto in
an automobile last Saturday for the pur
pose of aiding the members of the Episco
pal church In conducting a fair. Patrons
of the fair were whisked around town at
5 cents a 'whisk,' and it- was on one of
these trips that defendant crossed the
yellow dog; that certain habitues of the
poolroctns, having enmity for the order
loving people of the township, incited the
arrest and prosecution of himself- "that
his arrest caused him great trouble, as
his friends were compelled to expend $10
bail money to secure his release from
durance vile; that said arrest and attend
ant trouble caused himself and friends to
miss the incoming Sausalito boat, on
which were certain well known society
ladies who had been invited to attend a
house party at the 'Hutch/ said 'Hutch'
being the name of defendant's country
residence; that said ladies were compelled
to wait in a draughty depot until defend
ant and his friends could pilot them to a
more congenial spot. All of which dis
turbed his peace of mind • and damaged
him to the extent of untold dollars "
The courtroom will be far, too small to
accommodate the crowd " expected to at
tend the .trial. \
H. B. Lazerler© Is Being
Prosecuted for
Offense.
SOCIETY MAN
RUNS OVER DOG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY ,14, 1902.
14
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEABNY AND "WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. "WARD <ft
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $3 week: $3 to $-0 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room; flre crates la
•very room: elevator runs all nlsht.
-mflf jl, Weak Eye* Strengthened.
vjE&^E^S*- Painful or laiamed eyes ln-
ttantiy relieved wlthQEORGS
eT®***^^** MAYERLK'S German Ey»
AS^. *<SS<' Water. 60c. at 1071 Market
J2*£iS«i***' ¦'• Tel. South 572. None «en-
K "'P a *^ uSum without this trademark.
Bl mbrf JSk v3 la « tffi$u V ./hB^bV. • Ta
Missouri Pacific Railway
PenwoAlly conducttd «xenrtloa« to Xuiu
at /« ,? t \»_ L<0Ull « Cfclc*co, New York. Bottoa
and all Eastern pointa. For fun Informitloa
address
I* 3X. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast A««nt.
126 California, at.. Baa FT^ncUco. OL
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New "
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
PHONE HOWARD 102L
M'ALLJSTER AND FIT.T.MORE STB.
PHONE PAGE 6436:
CUT PRICES FOR 3 DAYS.
EASTERN" TTATVT- sugar cured. All sizes.
Pound 12%c
BEST TTATVT. Selected Eastern corn-fed.
. Pound 13fce
All brands. "Well worth tha extra cent.
BEST DAIRY BUTTER. Point Reyes.
Squares ........110c
Fresh churned.
CIDER VHTEQAR. Put* and healthy.
Gallon ,15|>
Usually 25c.
CAI». CREA3I CHEESE. Mild, rich.-
Pound lie
Usually 15c.
PORK AND BEANS In Sauce or Plain.
10c cans k c
Griffin's Boston Baked. Pound size.
OYSTLRETTES. Soup Crackers. 10c
cartons g c
WHISKEY. All brands. Quart bottle..
O* P.* S.'-^Old * ciwlljesse * MoorV^Old
Government — Old Castle — Monogram—
Hermitage, etc. Usually ;L0Q to $L25.
ZINFANPEI*. Rich red wine. Gal...4ne
6-year-old. Sample at store. Usually 63cT
Popular Best Butter Sale— Every Satur-
day night. Get list of extra cut prices at
stores. >
'- '-. T V'., ¦ - . ' ¦ ¦ ¦
•^l IB jot By KS 29 Bl Sji fefiVs Sn| V^
• ¦>:•:•' Ml V^JI -V.- • • •
In yj| C9 £9 mm ijjjk V9n CPU Bj| Hi En] T«a
200 PIECES BEST QUALITY IRISH PRINTED
DIMITY, exclusive designs and In all the new colorings,
such as Blues. Pinks, Grans, Layender, Castor anl Black
anl White. Price 25c Yard
100 PIECES SCOTCH TENNIS SHIRTING FLANNELS,
all new patterns, In stripes, checks anl solid colors
suitable for lalles' shirt waists anl gentlemen's shirts
....Price 35c Yard
200 DOZEN LINEN HUCK TOWELS, all Pel horlers
anl hemmed, 18x32 Inches. — Price $1.00 Dozen
: # Regular value $I.5O.
25 PIECES 50-INCH ALL-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR
CHEVIOT In two-tone Chevron effects, snltahle for suits
anl skirts.. ........Price 75c Yard
Regular Value for $1.5O.
LADIES' 2-CLASP LISLE AND SILK GLOVES In
White, Black, Moles, Pastlaue anl Grans
50c, 75c and SI. CO Pair
SPECIAL QUALITY BLACK SILK MOIRE VELOUR,
the most popular weave at present for silk coats anl
skirts...... ..Price Sl.00 Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samp'es
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
on Application.
OF. RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
DIRECTORY
. OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELU3L
, 418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Mala UV*.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THS HICKS-JUDD CO.,
S3 First itrot. tea JTraaetaNb
PRINTING.
E. C BUGHES^. u J252KL «. ». A
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.B0YES&C9 ¦ Sgr^L^STiaS!
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. CWILSON & CO.. '&S2HS&.
T^ /TILLIONS use CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by CUTICURA
I YJr OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying
the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dand-
ruff, and the stopping, of falling hair, for softening, whiten-;
tng, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, .for baby rashes,
itchings, and chafings, in the form of baths for annoying irrita-
tions and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration, in
the form of washes for ulceratiye weaknesses, , and for many
antiseptic purposes, which readily suggest themselves to women
and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath,
and nursery* 1 CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient
properties derived from CUTICURA OINTMENT, the great skin
cure, : ; with the purest of , cleansing ingredients and t^ie most
ref rcshmg of , flower .. odours. ; No other medicated soap ever com-
pounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and
beautifying; the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign
or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared, with
it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it
combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and
complexion soap, the BEST toilet and 'BEST baby soap in the
world.
COMPLETk TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR, $1.00.
/^* \A • : '" Consisting of Cdttcdra' Soap, 25c./ to cleanse the ekin of crusts ¦
hhH 8"Stf*B'S'B*S3[ aad 8caleB aDtl soften the thickened cuticle; COTICUKA Oint-
\ktULl>£wtL£Jl CS MENT, 60c., to instantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation,
! 'w -v* TT and soothe and heal; and Cuticcra Resolvent Pill3, 25c., to
I Tfc__'C__* <&l co ° l »nd 'cleanse the blood. : A Single Skt Is often sufficient to:
I no 9cl9l|/, cure the most torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating skin, scalp, -
and blood humours, Trith loss of hair, when all else fails. throughout the world.'
British Depot: 27-28, Charterhouse Sq. t London.' French Depot: 5 Bue de la Palx, Paris;
Potter Dehq axd Chem. Coep., Sole Props., Boston, U. a. A.. •
nilTIPlID* DCCfll UCRIT Dll I C (Chocolate Coated) are a new, , tasteless.
Oil I luUnA nCoULf til I ¦ r ILLO odorless, economical substitute for tha cele-
brated liquid CDTiouitA i Resolvent, as well as for all other blood purifiers and >"imoux
cures.: Put up in screw-capped pocke. vials, containing the tamo number of doses as a
fiflc bottle of liauidRBSOLVEKT, price,' ;25& . \ <,
Why is ROYAL
Baking Powder betf
ter tKaai a.ny otKer?
Because in its mammoth works a
corps of chemical experts is con-
stantly employed to test every ingre-
dient and supervise every process of
manufacture to insure a product ab-
solutely pure, wholesome and perfect
in every respect.
The most wholesome food and
the most digestible food are made
with Royal Baking Powder,
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
4 ™™*B^^"^
The interest that has been excited in this unique sale of shoes
is not surprising.
The conditions under which we sell this season's smartest shoes
as though they were remnants are unusual. Rarely' in the history of
a city does a case Hke this occur, t . .•
The prices we're charging during this sale are suspiciously low.
If there were not some extraordinary reason no one would believe
that we could sell Burt & Packard and other famous models, in the
latest 1902 styles, just after we had received them, for almost nothing.
But the reason is as logical as it is unusual. We have just ef-
fected a reorganization of our business. We are going to open the
Sorosis Shoe Parlors on Post street, where we will conduct a
uniquely luxurious establishment on the scale of the "Sorosis" stores
of New York, London. Paris and Berlin. In this new store every-
thing must be "Sorosis." We cannot carry our present lines of shoes
. over there. : '¦. '.'¦¦
This leaves us with the task of disposing of some of the swellest
lines of shoes that were purchased in this city for the seasons of
1902.
Therefore we offer bargains such as were never offered in San
Francisco before — that could not possibly be offered under ordinary
I conditions. A visit to our store will convince you of the truth of
50 THIRD STREET, Second |£|p! fPOIB
This is one of the new things we show fcr 11W2. Just the tnmg lor cnn- ft
firen. Call and see our new and nobby things just in. Ask for 1302 Catalogues <s
OFcCAIJCFOKNIA,. 1
t MARKER /!:^R }PJ^J^ J^V^ jj^^^^^^^^^is^^> ~ - SAN FRANCISCO. «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.