no_textWhen Tommy AtkVhe Sews.
WRITER in the Navy and Army
If \ surmises that in ' nearly every
Ji — -\ blockhouse in South Africa would
*f ;" be found a sewins machine, with
which the British soldier amuses himself
in his loneliness. "Above ' all things.
Tommy's heart loves a sewing machine."
Althongh he must know that he can never
succeed in getting it .home to England,
yet if he finds one on a. farm he wiH tow
it along with him. overburdened as he
already is. upon the march. Wherein the
exact fascination lies is a 'mystery, but
grizzled reservist and, callow. recruit' alike
cannot resist this . housewife's help." '
There Is a- quainfness, in the; Idea of the
warrior amusing himself with the mys
teries of Ithe sewing machine in his mel
ancholy loneliness. But he that mws "in
tctaxs -will doubtless reap in Joy.
The large room in the basement is givon
up to ,the , : gymn«»?tijm. Itis furnished
.with a, good , set of apparatus,', and ; here
the ; Idle . 'waiter, may put In some^ half
hours: to good advantage, -keeping' * his
muiscles'from getting rusty while he is
waiting "for a' paying position. ';
. Some of the men are excellent bag
Two small and extremely cozy card-,
roftms offer opportunitien . for a 'quiet
game^;,Here you may.' come upon a.whist
hand, -but" you "arei^mo'Fe "likely * to "find
chips upon" the tables.
• The bar' Is upstairs, too. It has been
built into ? one of | the big stained glass
windows, 'which makes a very imposing
background for the "high priest of Bac
chus,"..who serves in white costume at
the shrine. &'.? ..-. ¦'. ..': ¦.•';• *. ¦* ¦¦' V*V{'-'' '.' ¦ ; :
• with leather-cushioned seats which range
, around ; the sides. ; '.Magazines are ready
for use. ;„ The. place -makes' a most up
to-date kind' of a sunroom, and dozens
of birds 'chirp gayly from their cages.
Upstairs . is where the fun goes on.
There is the 'big poolrooni, over;the li
brary," and its table is surrounded by, an
interested circle most of the time. Just
before noon is when the crowd gathers;
¦as. 1. o'clock approaches It , : begins to
thin, I men t leaving to go to work at some
5 downtown lunchroom. /, .
or hotel which , may be In need of help.
While these experts are waiting for an as
signment .they can have a good time with
all the facilities that the club affords.
On the veranda of the imposing house
they congregate ; on warm days. Most of ;
the time, though, they are to be found
in?ide, and the most popular place of all
is. the immense- lounglng-room.
¦¦" Thi? J.s the great apartment— it really
is huge enough? to* be' called an apart
;ment which- overhangs' Stockton street...
Two sides of it are mostly composed of
windows. Handsome old-fashioned cur
tains drape these .windows pompously.'
In the ¦ opposite wall the fireplace is
built, and here . a snapping coal . fire
tempts the lounger. Ornaments stand
on the mantel, '.and- at either side are
the bookcases, for the waiters read, and
they know 'books, ; too,' when they. "see.
them.' ¦' ",. ¦ ,' • .; \
In fact, they' are- sometimes connois
seurs. One of them . was overheard to
remark, as he leaned against the onyx ."'
mantel with;a newj volume in his hand:
"These revolutionary novels are all
right for them as likes 'em, but I tell
you, they wonlt last. They are effle
mural, I tell you; that's what I say;
they are efile-mural. Give me a novel
as, tells about people what we all Jtnows.
Give me a novel of to-day; and let it:
be American. The great Americas i iioval
is yet to be writ." .-
Julius Kahn presented a bookcase full
The staircase. is one " of the vanities : of
the house. ' It | has a picturesque twist,
and the carved newel post ' is set with
mirror panels. It is surmounted £ by the
splendid Japanese, peacock which-some
how , happened "to be' left there^.when
Chris Buckley moved out. ; - -
The' old conservatory has . been fitted
of war records to the club, and li.w.," nave
other volumes * besides.' Classical nov^s*
poems, essays, all , find room upon the ,
shelves. Dlqkens,' Thackeray, Byron,
Scott hobnob there together. Down the
middle, of the; room stretches the read
ing, table, scattered with papers and:
magazines. *'. ,. / ?;
On the same floor with the lounging-'
room Is .the' office. Here are desk, type
writer • and telephone, and business "is
done here all day long. ., Sometimes ¦ a
call conies • from a caterer, to-' send • men j
to " an ; afternoon reception; sometimes
the call comes directly from a private
house. A hotel may order men,; 6r a;
restaurant . . Sometimes the § out-of-town- j
summer resorts -send- for .a bunch lot'-'
experienced men, arid they >are/ sent off"
noste haste. • .': - • ' ' ¦ ' '" i'_ ¦"•' •-•¦;•:' - ..."••' :
In the hall, enshrined upon' an,' easel,"
stands the picture which is dear- to the.
proud : heart of every i man, of the . club.
It is the group of 'club: > members who
went to Manila as enlisted soldiers.. They,
were weary of ; the eternal round ¦ of trays
and~"nps, arid" they enlisted ' to". h'av« 7 a
taste of adventure. . , ,'••'; v . -'
Speculative markets open with a slight
advance, but go down at 9. Stocks should
be ud at 10." susrar ' and orovisions at 12.
The most auspicious hours for business
are r the early ones of the morning. Lit
erary and artistic, ventures should be
promoted from 12 noon to 1 p. m.
; April 20, Sunday-:This is a good day for
church-goingr, and for social enjoyments.
Do not write important letters upon this
day. " : ;
.April 21,; Monday— This is a favorable
day for transacting important, financial- 1
affairs.".
Business.
This is a propitious week for entering
the matrimonial state: A fortunate ca
reer, with the acquiring of. wealth, is as
sured those who; marry within the next
seven days. The luckiest hour will be at
6 a. m.
Marriage.
Weather will 'be fairly good. . ' Rain
storms will pass up : the Mississippi and
Ohio valleys by the 23d, which may cause
high .waters.'
The 'end of the week will be quite cold.
The best days for the planting of all
vines and vegetables is 22d, 23d and 24th.
For flowers for constant blooming plant
or transplant 27th. 28th and 29th.
Speculation will have .a reaction and
prices, though firm, will have a downward
tendency by the middle of the week.
Health conditions are good. There will
be less serious illness : during this week
and fewer contagious diseases.
A more conservative aspect and a
quieter time in business will be manifest,
.mere will be a cessation of wild and
risky schemes until the gatns and losses
are fairly balanced./ Substantial business
will be Rood.: ¦.".'. **.- \. . .
On these occuolons the long lounging
room is full of a. chaos of vivacious con
versation." The- upstairs rooms are deco
rated, fitted with cozy corner- seats, made
dim and be-lanterned. The ices and cakes
that are served are fit for! the gods, and
the punch— oh, the punch— Is nectar. The,
When ladles' day comes round you will
see these hosts dressed immaculately for
the function. , The house is always deco
rated -, by the swellest • florists, : ; and i the
hosts receive beneath bowers of the most
extravagantly expensive blooms. . v
< And tho ladies ! • They ; are a .very dressy
loT They7nave'~toTBe-to pTSSSe^the epT^
curean • tastes" of i the clubmen • who enter
tain.'For these clubmen are used to-hear
ing the » rustle of silk and seeing the
sweep of .trains.'. - v ,
Five hundred and twenty-five members
are enrolled upon the lists of this exclu
sive club, and only such men as are past
masters, of their, craft are allowed upon
the lists. So those who' belong' are ' those
who know the way thatchings' are done
at . Monterey and , San ' Rafael; at the Pa
cific Union and i the Bohemian' clubs. ; You
will find the I members of ' the r Waiters'
Club polished . like the collars sent from
a steam laundry. You will find^them such
hosts as are .the clubmen '.whom they
serve ;in their working hours. J . &>v ..
* The languages spoken in the club make
It sound "like the^Tower of Babel.
lish is the .common ; ground upon which
all. the members meet, but French, Ger
man,. Russian. Italian, Spanish, Swiss and
Polish are all to.be' heard in the heart-to
1 hearts; that occupy corners.
punchers. Bob Mann is one who goes at
the bag as if he had a grudge against it,
and thebag must realize- the fact before
he gets through with it. v Others give their
time In the : "gym" to the gloves ' and
dumb-bells .and »Indlan r clubs and fpulley
weights come In for their share. of atten
tion. :i -".'¦': / , '."¦'.• . V" '¦''¦'-.¦¦ ' :i :'
THE servers served, the waiters wait
ed upon — if ycu really Vam to know
what it^ is to be swell, go around to
the Walters'. Club and get a glimpse
of high life.
For the waiter is the man-about-town
that knows what's what. You can't fool
him on the real thing. He is usel to it, "
he sees it every day. He knows the airs
ar.d manners of the exclusive. He has
come in contact with them for so long
that he. couldn't help imitating them if'
he tried. Above all, he knows what good
. service is. and he intends to have it, in
his own club.
The Pacific Coast WalV-rs' Association
is the whole of it. It holds forth up on
Stockton street, number 413, in the old
house which Mrs. Peck built and Chris
Buckley bought and the Manhattan Ciub
or.ee hold its headquarters. The house still
holds its nose high in the air and' an
nounces itself as of the aristocracy of
architecture. The big rooms, with their
stretches of plate glass windows are the
same as ever: the bays -and alcoves that
hang out picturesquely above | the tbwri
are the same, and many of i the relics of.
former splendor remain.
There is 'the onyx mantel, for instance,
and the wor.derful carve-i peacock that
stands upon the nev/eli post. It is the
Earne peacock that the Mikado of Japan
presented to Chris Buckley once upon a
time. The gorgeous stained glass windows
remain with all the embjems enshrined In
them that the owner of the house had -
made according to his > liking and • his
lodge. Some of the great silk-upholstered
chairs are there, and the velvet.carpete.
Oh. the waiters of San Francisco are -no
i cheap men. . . i
Kor. several years now this association
has been established, and since 1300 it has
made its headquarters j in the big, house
on Stockton street- When the house was
ojjened in 1300 a grand ball was given as a'
house-warming, and since then there have
been receptions and "ladies' days galore.
The association, was established on a
business basis, but the 'social side Of the.
thing has never been neglected. The wait
ers are only those from -swell restaurants;
c-!ubs and hotels, and they are a mighty
exacting lot when it comes to service..
For they employ their own servants.
«They have portere anfl bartenders who
have to . mind their p*& and <i's. They
know what it means to be waited upon
correctly, and. they insist that they shall'
have -the best' service in town. ¦
So their porters toe the mark and their
bartenders mix drinks witti the precision
and laborious art with which Burne-Jones
mixes colors when waiters are the men
to be pleased.
The waiters do not live at their club, for
they cat where they work, and a good
many of them have homes. But except
for this the club lacks nothing of the com
pleteness of any other in town.
The association is a sort of employment
bureau from which men are sent out at
,e mon>ent*B notice to any private house
ToWri That
Kno^s What's
Births.
The children born .during this week will
be talented and will' be successful in
whatever career they may choose.' The
bpys will become clever commercial m«;n
and the girls will be bright and beautiful!!
April 20, Sunday— The children born
upon this day will be extremely talented
in art, music and literature. The boys
will become noted and the girls will rise
in lite through their own efforts. ..
April 21, Monday— These children will be
clever, quick-witted and original: They
will be generous and will never be very
wealthy, although they will be able to
plentifully provide for themselves.. -
April 22. Tuesday— The children of to
day will be bright and of inventive intel
lect, but will be headstrong and. inclined
to be lazy. The boys should be.. taught
some' mechanical trade. The girls will be
gifted with remarkable beauty and will
make brilliant marriages.* • .
April 23. Wednesday— The children born
upon this day will have very hasty tem
pers and shouW be taught at an early age
to control them. The boys will be ex
tremely energetic, and will succeed in
business, especially in the employ of
others. The girls will marry before the
age of 20. • -i- ,:
April 24, Thursday— These children will
be hard to control and will be of the most
independent tendencies. The. boys will be
successful in mechanical and manufactur
ing lines. The girls will be of restless and
dissatisfied temperaments.
April 25, Friday— These children will be
schemers and inclined to be unscrupulous.
The boys will become promoters of large
enterprises and the giris will adopt pro
fessional- careers.
April 26, Saturday— The children who are
born from 5 to 6 a. m. upon this day will
be especially lucky. They ." will become
noted in their chosen lines. The others
will be of restless, roving dispositions and
will. have most eventful careers.
Birthdays.
' April 20. Sunday— Those who celebrate
their birth anniversary on this date will
experience a quiet year, with fair success
in business. Young men should avoid un
certain : investments and speculation.
Touns girls may. experience broken mat
rimonial engagements.
¦ April 21. Monday-This" will be a pros
perous year for those who celebrate their
birthday to-day. Financial success will
come to *t>oth business and professional
people. Young giri s w m marry d urmg fog.
year. ¦'• ¦**:-. ~-_ • - - ¦ .-_-.- - ",
• .A prij 22/ Tuesday— Thi3 will not be a .
very* fortunate year for those whose birth
day, falls upon this date. All should avoid
¦-. quarreling,- going to law, business risks.
Injudicious ventures and/loss of employ
ment. Professional people may meet with
' unexpected" successes. .
".April 23 r Wednesday— This will not be a
good year. fox-' traveling or the making cf
iir.portant,"changes for those whose birth
anniversary falls upon this day. Finan
¦j cial losses threaten those who risk money
on schemes. *
-Apr|l 2V Thursday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this date will find this year
a satisfactory commercial one. All should
exercise, care against accidents and dis
putes. Women should/; not quarrel with
their husbands or lovers.
April 25, Friday— This will be a quiet
year for those whose birthday falls upon
this day. Old friends should not be ex-" 1
charged for new. and! alluring ventures
should be Investigated before they are en
tered. Young girls will have matrimonial
suitors.
April 2S, Saturday— Those who celebrate
their birthday to-day will experience a
great deal of worry during the coming
twelve months. Business will assume un
looked-for complcations and there may be
ilmoss in the family. Young people will
have love affairs and soine will marry.
before 10 . a. m. Metals best at 11 and
stocks at 12. \ Grain firm at the close.
"April 24.' Thursday— Thi3 day is a favor
able one for the promotion of new enter
prises v anrf . :new inventions. Business
should be brf3k upon this date.
Market opens fair. Grain goes up a lit
tle. by-9:30 a. m.. but will be very change
able ;td 12 '.in. Railroad stocks will fluc
tuate. 'Mining stocks should be fair.
April 25. Friday— There will be conflict
ing influences at work upon this day. so
be careful s In signing important papers
and making.; contracts. Sales should bp
pushed to-day between the hours of 9:5t>
and 10:40 a. m. \
Markets open ".down, but go up sons
by 10:30. then down, with the exception
of iron and steeL Stocks best from 12
tc 1.
April 26, Saturday— Ask no favors upon
this day, and avoid; risks and speculation.
Important* changes should be deferred un
til a later date..
Markets open fair for iron and stocks.
Grain up a Uttle at 9:45 to 10:30, thsn
changeable, with an uncertain close.
The close of the market will be very un
certain."
April 22. Tuesday— Avoid risks, new
deals and quarrels, and do not make any
unnecessary journeys or . radical changes
upon this date.
Markets open rather weak and uncer
tain. There should be a decided decline
by 12, with a rise at 1 p. m.
April 23, Wednesday— This is a risky and
uncertain day. Beware of false invest
ments. Much money will be lost through
unwise business deals to-day. Sell if pos
sible. Markets open down, go up a little
Secrets of the Stars Made Clear.
£""WHE week beginning on Sunday,
I April 20, will bring the earth into
I the sign of Scorpio. This will cause
I a marked change in the ruling vi-
Jt brations, bringing all trade and
business under the rule of JuDiter.
THE .SUNDAY CALL.
"Waiters' Club knows the real thing when
It comes to refreshments.
And the luxuries that the club enjoys
have to be paid for. . But that's another
story. -The waiter's salary varies from
$35 paid at the restaurants to $50 paid at
some of the clubs.i And the. secretary
said that some waiters ."make as much
as $10 a month on the side." And then he
requested that "the perquisites of the
poor, down-trodden waiter" should not be
further discussed, and so here the curtain
is drawn upon these perquisites. It ts
said that they are a touchy subject.
At any' rate, the San Francisco waiter
can afford to be in the swim.
2
THE MOST EXACTING CLUBMEN SAN FRANCISCOyou can • stand on one leg and hold the
other, straight up beside your ear_ like a
musket, without falling you are quite pro
ficient ' . - . : .
After this there are several five-minute
: . : exercises : in balancing. One of them \ Is ;
Bhowndn the upper right-hand i corners of."
this page. The Pony. stands on, one foot,
stoops forward until her hand, touches the,'
" floor, and" then-points j> the pother "leg :
Btralght up : in the air. If you can hold
this - pose ./or, only : one minute i you will ,
gain a /very good idea of. how much train
;ing is necessary- to perfect: a: Pony- ballet:
v '¦, Following ; j all .; this * come •various . and '•
: sundry lessons In acrobatics just to loosen
up i every Joint' in .the : whole ;bodyj{s Every
oneiof * the -Ponies ; can ¦» turn somersaults,'
handsprings 'and ;. cartwheels. .This r exer-'
else is '¦?. the V secret- ; of their , surprising
strength and endurance. . ' ; .
: One \ Pony- stands * on',, her v hands ' and;
swingBher legs straight up In the air un
til' her,/ feet ; rest ¦• on ; the . shoulders < of ? a" 1 
second* Pony," who, grasping." both -^ feet
firmly/ in her 'hands, stoops-quickly-for-
ward and '•' with a sudden 'jerk -throws the '
inverted Pony, clear over. her.head.uThere "
are ; two 1 pictures | of •, this exercise" on' this I
puee,^ so i you \ can .. see precisely ; how s it ;¦ is r
done.; Looks somewhat' strange for ballet 1
• dancing," doesn't it?' But in the Von Tiller I
;Bystem,vthis acrobatic ; training sis one f of
the - most essential ; features ¦"! arid k not * the ;
. least ' spectacular, as these '. pictures amply ,
' demonstrate. . vUntil . the r Ponies - become ¦
.thoroughly-,'proflclent there is : always • a '
¦ thirds girl > to help in these cartwheel ex-'
ercises. -..>:.*-- '- r ..•¦',.¦¦.¦¦¦¦ ¦. ¦•;¦•; . ~:v" :
'¦' Then { there are varied other ground . and ; '
> lofty-tumbling feats. 'One .of- them -is «, the
human' arch.v It stake's a *, very strong and '
active;girlUoformthe upper.' part' of the
j human arch;vAnd;the girls who make the ';
. pillars r. of -; this ¦ same, ; pose must % possess ¦
. • c About ; fifteen years ago he ; took up the
study 5 of scientific whist, although ,he
*had. been a whist; player. of. some note be
forei'-;thenJ As- a : close: student of the
game Mr." Tormey has from -time to time
made;; suggestions' : and Improvements
;, which * t have H J been recognized , by : .' the
whist -world. ; '.'-'-</,
..; In "January," 1895,- he , announced ; the . ro
"tary: discard,*", which. has. been' commended
'.by -'Cavendish," Foster Jand" others, and
practiced by; most of the very .best play
ers in. this country. 7. -r '¦ '¦'. ¦
He ' is : one of the founders of the : San
Francisco Whist Club, a , large . and effl
i cient - organization, which 'was formed ¦ in
.1892 > and : to-day has ;: a\. membership ; of
In 1893 . he was ' elected ¦ one of- the* di
rectors of the American Whist - League.
The Interest -in league; matters taken on
• the Pacific " Cdast^ is . largely due to his
individual: efforts..;. .¦..?¦"' >-
". -Mr. - Tormey is ; an - advocate
• of the- long sultJgame,' vwhich^I.wlll ex
emplify in my articles on "the subject
of scientific whist. ¦• y - r v '
,,¦.¦ ¦.. cv^.r •; ¦-¦-¦Finesse; y. '•.¦¦¦
Is an artifice or stratagem in whist which'
! adds greatly . to the interest : and sciefttiflc
: value - of the ' game. -To «* finesse : is -to try
' to 1 take'; a -trick ; with .a- card* which'ls.not
the;best thafyou- could" have played. As, '<
• for , instance,; holding I ace,' queen and oth
ers,N you ; play the queen upon ' the lead ? of
; a low: card in the hope that 'the' king^ lies,
toyour right ; If you. are correct: in ' your
¦ Inference :: \ you ' have :>Jgained r - a • trick.
? Finesses . are made { second or. third', hand
: and upon 'cards : led by.; opponents i as .
' as those led ".by .partner. ¦•• r \\ ¦':.." ' .
¦ ->.;' Finesse ¦' deeply In :. your - own ; or :f oppo
.nent's suits," at the same time. taking care
If possible to leave your, hand in good con- ;
?. dltion; In case the ¦ finesse should f aiKV-As
: a ¦' rule, *, do ' not finesse j in J your ; partner's
suit; 1 ' you* do * not ¦ wish « to save' the high
'cards in if. «but rather ; to get rid 4 «f them,'
'¦: sOTas- not \to block : his ; game. '-i Almost , all ;
I modern | players agree that ; the third hand
¦ should "never.;, finesse; .except . with ace,- 1
¦queen,/on':; partner's ..original :-. lead.'of a
strong .* suit ; i they also •' agree ; that r If the
\ card led • is -; not partner's • strong 'suit i you
should 'ilnesse: mjjre deeply," the - ten ;fr6m
j ace; jack, i ten.'; and. \the-- jack from king,
; jack ; and others 'being the : proper,, thing.-.—.
; .There.: are ? quite t a^ number * who i object •
to * ace-queen '¦ finesse ?. on i partner's i strong
suit. They say.lt Is a*lossof timer.if noth
yihgxelse;v.when ¦ king Is ; on « your ; left; and
that r if ' it ;is . not i there tit :¦ must :lbe . twica
; guarded -; on *; the ':¦ right, and r would -i' mo3 1 •
likely,^have gone: up, on ; the- first trick. It
¦ i - -¦¦ <¦-- . ; - ¦¦ ¦¦-•-,¦ . •-. ¦..->• ¦¦¦ •¦ ;.-¦•: ••"¦•
;•— v J.-'TORMEY, -president of ; • the
" j£' J ,-. American \ .Whist . " : League, ' is : " a
-.". Ql^ ., leading: worker -In the -.cause of
|^-'- » good '.Whist. '..':' ,; : ' '. ,';'¦ .'-'..'['• ¦;¦.:•¦
X. : ¦ :.: Mr. Tormey was.born in Platts
.. burg, N. Y.,, InlS47. Hecamc to
;in' ; lS86,'; and 'Is ; '.now-- one! -. of
a the 1 ' - prominent merchants .in > druggist's'
sundries^ y ¦ -V : .^. ; •
Easy Lessons
in Whist.
As soon as they discovered what a gold
mine of opportunity American vaudeville
really Is they decided on a masterstroke
of true American enterprise. They cast
off all managerial restraint and :. deserted
Von Tiller. Managerial man was super
fluous anyway. They would have no more
of him. Hereafter they would conduct the
ballet themselves on the socialistic plan.
£« they appointed the oldest to act as
epokeswor.an and Interview theatrical
managers lor engagements. • The result
was submit-. £. to a vote of the whole
ballet, and tie majority rulrs. It was a
daring thing to do, but the plan has
worked marvelously well for a year now.
After all the training of the Pony bal
let is a wondrous process. It is not al!
airy fairy poses and silk fleshings. If
you think It is. Just. try the little five
minute pose shown on the bottom of this
page. All that you have to do is to stand
perfectly still on one foot, raise the other
leg to a horizontal position and hold it
there with the foot pointed straight out
before you while you point a saucily
warning finger at your arched toes. This
win test your nerves. Simple, Isn't If
Bjefore you practice this very long you
will Jearn that the art of pointing a Dret
tlly arched foot is a study of years in
itself It is rarely brought to perfection
even in the Pony ballet for It requires
much assistance and long and caref uj
They are a clever lot these eight pretty
little English girls of the Pony ballet. The
name Itself sounds perfectly devilish. In
It are visions of tights and spangles, of
billows ajid billows of crinkly lace and
shimmering tarietan. of slender throats
and gleaming shoulders, of late suppers
and diamonds, rich gowns and. costly
equipages, of gay young suitors and
doddering old roues, and all the myste
rious allurements of the greenroom. Sad
ly disappointing though It may seem,
however, this popular tradition is as
much a myth to the eight pretty little
English girls of the Pony ballet as to any
one else.
Nevertheless the name fits them like a
glove. Not one of them is more than 17
years old nor more than five feet in
height. The heaviest weighs less than 130
pounds, and yet they are all marvels of
strength, endurance, grace and agility.
It is because they are so very petite and
dainty and diminutive that they were
first called the Pony ballet. The name is
aptly expressive. They are as high-spir
ited and unmanageable as young colts,
and they like the name bo well that they
have had it copyrighted. And now, woe
unto the many imitators who have been
appropriating, not only their specialties,
but even the name itself.
Originally there were sixteen little Eng
lish girls in the Pony ballet, but for their
second engagement in America Lederer
brought back only the prettiest. This
famous purveyor of extravaganzas want
ed them to learn all our ways. and make
themselves thoroughly at home. He suc
ceeded very well in his ambition. They
bet ame precocious pupils from the very.
first. . L*i'mnnaimflir\*"rrtr\»i
BALANCING nimbly. on one snapely
leg for minutes and minutes at a
time, while twisting the other in a
frou frou of snow-white lingerie,
the eight pretty little English girls
who make up the Pony ballet at the Or
pheuai this week are showing the fascin
ating result of the unique training they
have received from London's most famous
ballet master, Professor Von Tiller.
training. And now, wnlsper: Here Is the
success of the pretty little Ponies. They
train each other!,
One of them takes the foot of the .
dancer in both hands. Holding it by the
ankle with one hand, she bends the toes
down and back Into a perfect arch with
the other,' and then keeping it securely
in that position she twists the whole' leg •
from front to back witii . that peculiar
corkscrew motion that makes the ballet
dancer so fascinating in all her poses. '
When you have learned* that your ne'xt
lesson .will be high kicking. Doubtless
you may already be proficient In the art,
but It is not sufficient that you can kick
the chandeliers. It must be done without'
the least- sign of effort, as if the whole
body was made of rubber instead of flesh
and bone. The true test of the finished'
ballet dancer is .shown in this seeming
disjoint fid ness of#every limb. The Ponies
acquire ¦ their skill" after methods pecu
liarly-their own.*.. — .
One of them seats herself upon the floor.
The other standing behind her as a body
brace stoops over her shoulder and taking
hold of her foot draws the leg straight
up in the air until the elrl on the floor is
closed up like a jack knife. Sounds easy,
doesn't it. Just try It and see.'. Wben
:-.-¦¦.'. ,.:..¦..'..> ;. .-._.-. ¦-. •;.. .". .S v ... ¦¦..•' - ;.:
something: more than" puny: strength*. '
.. One ' Pony, grasps ' the > shoulders' of an
other, Ponj standing firmly braced '.before
her. "A third -P.ony_ grasps one leg of the
first Pony, and with a sudden twist swings
her high In the 'air and holds her thus ele
vated, : with all . her " body held •. taut : and
rigid, supported solely with her arms- and
one leg. This . exercise . is designed ' to- de
velop, every imuscle :in ¦ the .whole; body.
Without- muscle— fine, 1 -sinewy «muscle- at
that — it is ' impossible : to become a ¦ Pony,
no matter ; hbw * pretty.-, and ,'¦ piquant you .
may* be..' And yet .the.;. Pony must -never
spoil the plump and dimpled -curves of her
dainty figure. -Not a muscle must- show
anywhere. The brawny athletic girl, could
never. belong to the Pony ballet. -
i As a final 'test of; strength and flexi
bility: there: is a human 'pyramid that:is
both picturesque and. surprising. , One'
Pony, clasps her .hands securely together,
behind. her.'.'. A': second' Pony steps with
one foot into * the '(¦ stirrup • thus r formed
and; grasping the other foot- in her^hand,
elevates J her leg; Into the air' and holds
it v there.^TAjs tests every) muscle In the
body, ;¦ and the ". nerve . and ''grace | of ¦ both
girls- as. well." -Unless ; are. excel
lently well-' trained they ; will do this feat
very: awkwardly inBeed." . ... ••,.<.....:
H.-^-J, 10, 7, 3. ~ ' D.— K, Q. 9, i.
Queen of. trumps and west to lead:
. Tks. N; - ¦-•-¦ K. - - S. W.
1. 9s* it> 8s 7s
2. ' Jh- - Kh . Ah* 6h
3. 8h "..->•:.. <2h - Qh* 7c
'.-4.v'10h* 3h " Ih 8c
5. 6d . Qd Ad* Sd
6. 5d ' 7h • 9h* 7d
7. 3s 6s : os A3*
8. 4d 8d 2d Jd*
9. 2c Kd 5h* lOd
10. wQs* 9d 2s 10s
11. Ks* 3c 10c . Ja
12. - Qc k 5c Jc Kc #
13. 4c ; 6c , Ac* 3c ,
•Winning card^
North and south take ten tricks.
Trick 1 North makes an unusual
but a sound second hand finesse. He can
readily count but one card against him
and that possibly in his' partner's hand.
South can read the distribution of spades
and holds an exceptional strong suit of
trumps and' fair protection in two other
suits. He seems to be justified in call-
Ing. It is patent to North that his part
ner has commenced a signal, and if East
should be calling there would still be a
low card unaccounted ; for. • ""
At trick 2 East must go up with
king or lose a trick.^ ;
Trick • 4 North has "• trump 10 or none
remaining;, in the latter case South can
not do better than throw the lead to
East; making North; last player.
Trick • 5 North must have spades
come up" through West, and may need his
queen of -club for re-entry. ,
West's discard cannot be read with the •
same precision as if he bad not already
declared strength In spades, still on prin
ciple, ought to indicate greater strength
in clubs than in diamonds, and so point to
the latter as South's probable suit.
Trick 9, North can safely discard a
club for his partner is marked with the
deuce of spades and another trump.
• At trick 1, if North does not finesse but
plays. queen. South is In no • way en->
lightened as to the distribution of spades
and is not justified in calling, and there
fore there will be a loss of twe> tricks in
the scors.
.-If the ace or queen Is turned, the. fin
esse of jack from king, jack, etc., on
.. l.»WIth ace-queen ¦ only, play ace, return
queen: this necesarily shows only two;
•2. With ace-queen and one small, finesse,
queen, return ace and then small; this
play should show exactly three. .
-3.. With ace,* queen and two small, play
ace and return fourth best. Here partner
can read that , third hand held at least
four originally, and also knows that the
queen may.be one of these.
f This 'knowledge may be of material as
sistance in -preventing an unnecessary
round of .trumps; as well as encouraging
him to. play a forward game.
.One situation In which it is of the utr
most importance to' finesse is upon the
return of your- trump lead. It is seldom
advisable to . take . the second round un
,less you can take the third. It is gener
allybetter to finesse, playing your second
best,, no -matter how low a card it may
be, or making no effort to take, this trick.
It is". very necessary for you to remember
the. trump card turned, as it often makes
your finesse easier.";- -.*¦ : "
. You should also bear in mind ft is dan
gerous to finesse with ; ace,' queen and
three small on partner's lead of low card.
If the kins lies on left hand your queen
Is lost and ace very likely to be trumped.
-The question often arises when holding
the major tenace; in trumps, whether to
finesse the .queen or ¦ show . number. : I
think the question. is most ably handled
by Mr. < Beverly Smith, with this simple
solution of the difficulty: >•
¦ In discussing finessing In one's own suit
the theory is advanced that it Is of the
utmost . Importance to retain-possession
of "command as. ; long as you** can • with
safety. • » ' - - ! "- - :
must be admitted that if the finesse loses
it? permits the adversary to get into the
. lead ; and ' at '• least ; get out ¦ one round of
his own suit, which may result in getting
•' : lt established, and will certainly cost you
-a ? card of re-entry or a trump, leaving
.•the opponents -in' a 'better position to get
the trumps out later on. ;
THE^SUXDA^CALT^
3
partner's low lead is similar in effect to
the finesse of queen, from queen, ace and
others, under ordinary .conditions; that is
to say, it is a finesse against one card
only.
-:.] Second Hand Finesse.
Second ! hand finesse, which appears to
be sufficiently sound to warrant Its in
clusion in the second band plays.
TRAINING THE PONY BALLETfast enough to keep up with" our vora
cious appetites— and that was all- there
was about It. ";¦¦•"¦/¦¦"¦'..'¦ • -.- ." ""•¦"'¦': ¦¦
Something besides legislation! had 'to. be
done. . It should not be a question of "stop
eating flsh.V but rather "get more flsh to
eat.".
Then it was that science stepped In and
had something to say.' , The naturalists
found the "something ¦ else" ' that would
save the day. . r
That something . was . ARTIFICIAL
PROPAGATION. . '
It was a simple matter of observation
to find that of all the millions of esss
from - spawning fish each , year, only 5: per
cent I of the . fertilized eggs ever hatched :
the rest became legitimate prey to all the
, other denizens of the water big enough to
gobble an egg. .All of this was': quite fine
for the eaters, but rather discouraging for
the embryo fish and for the hungry peo
ples of the earth waiting for a good Fri
day dinner. ,',. . - ; ,;¦';¦.¦¦ --..-.,,
The naturalists experimented with the
result that finally over 90 per cent of the
eggs handled by them could . . be easily
brought to the hatching point and a cor
respondingly large number of small fish
developed - r to a size ' and hardihood \ EufB
cient • to give them ; a good chance for ' a
long life when returned ; to the - stream,
lake,' bay or ocean, i . . ..
In the early days of California it.prob
ably seemed to an observer that the flsh
supply of the streams could f never be ex
hausted:; but ; civilisation «with its saw
mills to poison the .waters with their dust.
Its hydraulic mines to kill' with" their re
fuse and men to trap and slay with their
clever hands soon placed the fish : family
on the high road to destruction.
Then the people gradually awoke to the
fact that one of the State's most .valuable
food supplies was going "and the wheels
of the. law : began revolve.. Most; of -us
- are aware of the general tenor of the legal
«^« jr OTHER Nature has done every
l\ f\ thing, for science It Is only fair
I I that science should return the*
. * I compliment and give the "good
JL Dame a helping hand for all the
lessons she has taught. In no way has the
dear old lady needed assistance mj>re than
in the prevention of the absolute exter
mination of her beloved sons and daugh
ters Of the fish family.
The ruthless hand of money-loving man,
actuated by his trained mind and assisted
by cunning devices of nets, traps and
giant powder, was in a fair jeay to crush
out all edible life of 'our streams and'
waters. Even the laws established. by our
wise heads, srho saw farther than the sun
down of a single day, would have but de-
S layed the final extinction of the best of
the fish family.
It' was not enough to legislate against
nets and traps and powder and all whole-'
sale slaying methods. .
It was not enough to make a closed sea
son when no fish should be taken and of
fenders should be severely punished by
fine and imprisonment.
The matter finally resolved Itself "into
one of two things. ¦,
Either stop - fishing altogether or— do
something else! . - -
Just what that, '.'something" should be
was the question. . ¦ . ¦ ; • .
Everybody wanted fish to eat To stop
fishing meant the loss of 'one of the
world's greatest free food supplies for
such a • time as would I be necessary for
. the diminished numbers of fish to in
crease by the slow methods of natural re
production.
Then It was quite plain also that even
after giving the fish an unmolested period
for propagation, this increased supply
would be caught out the moment the ban
was taken off. and then we should be in
as bad a fix as before. * , • -
Mother Nature could not turn: out flab.
about 24,000 dips before the last quart had
. , been lifted.' ¦¦•': '. • ;."
All these ' ejrgs • were gathered in about
two months and meant the. expert hand
vling of about 12,000 female flsh and an
equal. number of males.
- Coming down from' big numbers to
: smaller figures let; us see what a chance
-; the single salmon has when nature Is un
'. assisted. ¦ ¦ - '
¦A salmon spawns about 5000 egg»-quite
a figure in itself. Of that S000 probably
only 250 ever, hatch: the rest, as' they roll
around in their nest at the bottom of the
river, fall I an . easy food for everything
under water that has a mouth big enough
- to take them in. Those 230 have pass
through all. the dangers of orphanage, and
their chances of growing to two inches in
length are slim.- After they have'attain
ed that growth their prospects of ma
' turity become brighter. "-
At the best the salmon has but four
years to live.. "When four years old they.
", leave the salt water and go to fresh to
spawn. In the fresh i. water their stom
¦achs shrivel up— why, no one knows— and
after they have brought their family into
. the world they soon die, practically from
starvation. With such odds against them
'the specks would. stand a poor chance for
escape, from extermination with such a
demand'on them as a food supply as there
now is unless nature were assisted by
artificial means. . ¦:
The FJsh Commission supplies the arti
ficial • means .that- proves the saving
clause.
Of the 5000 eggs taken from . a single
fish over 90 per. cent . Is returned to the
water in the shape of good, sturdy fish
two inches long— well able to care for
/themselves. Up to that time their living
'has been provided for them and they get
back to their native element much fatter
and more rugged than their poor little
cousins^ who all this time have had to
rustle — and rustle hard.
Fortunately the habits i of the salmon
are such that it is an easy matter for
; science to co-operate with nature. •
When the spawning time comes— in the
fall of the year and early spring— the flsh
rush pellmell from ¦ the sea for j the^ head
• waters of the rivers;- to find a, suitable
¦> place in the warm and shallow waters for
their nests. ¦¦' Knowing this. fact, the com
-, - mission builds a rack, a sort' of fence, at
a suitable place across the stream. This
; resembles a picket fence with slats V&
- inches apart and braced to slant up
_ stream. '.The fish meeting this obstacle
:¦ remain there, heading stream and
making, a ¦ vain attempt to get through.
'-Then a seine : is drawn from below the
rackviip to it and the fish- are captured In
.¦ large Those that are "rlpa"
are stripped at once and. the unripe onea
\ are put In pens or live-boxes made for
:' this purpose and held until ready.
To facilitate the taking of the flsh the
. rack is 'provided with, traps. The trap is
simply a. -square Inclosure with vertically
placed slats, witK an -entrance similar to
.that of an ordinary pound net. The flsh
in their eager efforts to pass 'up stream
go through the; V-shaped mouth of the
.; trap, "and. having- once entered, are not
able to find ; their, way out. 'Boards are
placed ' over the j top of the trap to pre
venttheiflshfrorn.leaping out.
\Af ter the 1 fish are., taken it ; requires an
experienced man to tell whether they are
| Vxipe/'Jand yet mqxe expertness is neces
;, ¦ ., ¦;•¦¦¦ - • ' . "
tilizing milt from the males. The mstho.l
is thiis described:
"The talcing of spawn is performed oy
ten men. One pint of water is placed in
the pan beforp either the eggs or. the iiv.lt.
Two. rcen take the femalC3 from the com
partments in dip nets and hold them un
til taken out by "the spawn takers, not
allowing them to strike the floor during
their struggles. The female is held by
two men, one taking the flsh from the
dip net by the tail and the other by the
head. The stripper then comes between
them- as the fish is held over the spawn
ing pan and presses' out the eggs. One
man dips the male Irish from their com
partment and places them on the floor- of
the platform directly behind the two men
"who handle them. One holds the flsh by
the head and the other presses out the
milt with one hand a.* he holds It by Me
tail with the other, th« milt falling intt>
the same pan that receives the egs'o and
practically at the same time. .The egsa
and milt are gently stirred with a feather
in the spawning pan as they are pressed
from the fish, and the pan is then placed
upon a shelf under a dark curtain, where
it remains for one and a half minutes,
when the contents are poured into a lars*
galvanized Iron bucket nearly full of
water, the eggs being placed therein be
fore -adhesion , takes place. • • * The
spawning crew -become very efllcient.
having stripped as many as 151 females in
sixty minutes/'
The Illustration shows the method— the
helper has 7 his flsh in the dip net on the
left; the men on the right are stripping
the female, while those on the left handle
the male.
The stripping camp is generally estab
lished on a float in .-the river above the
rack that prevents the flsh from going
up streanv-as shown in a photograph on
this page.
The salmon spawning stations for Cali
fornia have , been established at Baird. on
the'McCloud River, in Shasta County:
at Battle Creek, In Tehama County, and
at Mill Creek, in the same county, about
thirty miles from Battle Creek. The sta
tion at Baird was the first one established
here-in 1870, by Dr. Livingstone Stone.
The Government now attends to the
gathering of these eggs, and then they
are '^hipped to the hatcheries in charge
of the California State Fish Commission
ers.
A' box of salmon eggs ready for ship
ment is shown on this page. It is neces
sary to pack and handle them with the
greatest care, for while an egg can be
dropped from a height of fifteen or twenty
feet and still survive, yet the chances are
that 1 the* flsb will be a weakling or de
formed.
The great, bulk of the salmon eggs la
sent to the State hatchery at SIssan. the
largest hatchery in California, and undsr
the able superintendence of W. H. Sheb
ley.
Mr. Shebley has been actively engaged
In raising flsh" for over twenty years and
has been at the Sisson hatchery for the
last "eight years. To the uninitiated t:
seems little short of a marvel to watch
him at work on, the eggs during their deli
cate days of evolution. By years of ex
perience the' sense of touch and sight
must become so delicately trained that all
these thousands of egg3 ean be ¦ daily in
spected to see if all progresses well and
if anything is found to be the matter
with them tp know exactly what it is
and how to remedy. It.
When the salmon eggs come in, then is
the. busy time" at Sisson. The main bulld-
ins consists of one immense room 120x3S
feet, and in it are placed the' hatching
troughs.' These troughs are built of two~
Inch lumber for sides and bottom and are
sixteen feet long, sixteen inches wide and
six inches deep. -For ! convenience they
are made in pairs and arranged so that
the water from .one pair can flow into
the other. These two make what i3 called
a "section.'* and In the building at Sis
¦ jSp'ii there are twenty-one sections—giv
ing a total of , eighty-four troughs. When
busy days come to the hatchery there are ,
a« many as 10,000,000 fish in the building
In varying stages of development, from
the . newly fertilized eggs to "the sturdy
little swimmer .of. two months old and
rcjxdy for the ponds outside— quite a baby
f&rm. . ' . .
In each trough are. placed six portable
hatching baskets that have the appear
• arcs y. of wire - boxe? twenty- two inches
long, fifteen inches wide. and five and a
half inches deep. These' have a capacity
of about 25.000 salmon eggs or 30,000 trout
eggs each.
"As soon as the egg3 are brought in they
are placed in these baskets and fresh,
pure and aerated water Is kept constant
ly passing through the troughs. The bas
kets are convenient, for they can be lifted
out for inspection or while the troughs
are being cleaned. It is necessary to
THE^ SUISTDA Y, iGl\lA£
4
machinery ; . for every '. Calif ornian is a
fisher in .his own' right -at some! time or
another and keeps himself -informed to
avoid fine or imprisonments but few; of us'
realize tliat our own efforts of self-denial
in the taking of fish would. amount . to lit T
tie if it were not for the hatcheries where
the State Commission is ] turning out mil
lions upon millions of fish that there may
be some to take. ¦¦"„' -¦"¦'¦¦¦ v *
In 1871 the State Commission. started the
good work by planting 16,000 shad. ; ¦ .
.The next year they did better yet by giv
ing ' 25,000 '¦¦) white flsh ; a y chance . to ; make
their ! wa*y in tKe . world ; and by starting
out . 6000 Eastern •' brook j trout and i 22,000
mykiss— the breed 'of large | flsh in Tahoe.'
This- made a total of 53,000 flsh for that
year... ; /: '-'.'-
The commission kept hard at it and by
the end oilS98 .thev State* had'planted
141.4S2.152 flsh of different varieties. _,'
. New York now plants about r 100,000,000
flsh per -year, j, almost r.' as many; as ,we
planted in : twenty-seven years,': but ; then
California is young arid she is simply be
ginning in time. ' '~ !;'¦ ' v
.; Last year: the State gave 5,000.000 young
trout their, start in- life-^-no ; mean ! philan
thropy, In itself, ' especially when i It is i cast-^
ing of bread on. the. waters that' is ''sure | to'
. come s back. by the I Federal [ Gov
ernment we did j better, yet | for the I salmon
.and sent 30,000,000, young "rustlers 'out/ to
eea to come back to.us in cans or delicious
boiled, broiled or fried dishes: ¦ '.;• "
: Salmon ; hatchin'gl fs simply )¦ a matter ,'of
highway, robbery— thai Is: from "the stand-,
point of the parent flsh. t
. They -come ; up • the "river to < spawn^ | are
trapped, then robbed ,ot. their \ spawn and
milt ¦ • The . erawn -' and milt ; are -j quickly,
mixed together by* experienced; hatchers
and taken • to the" State { building for", incii-"
batlon, where they are cared 'for. until the
fish are about bIx ' weeks old, or .two
inches : long, and ; hardy enough^ to*, battle
for, themselves, j Then the young fish are
distributed; as' occasion 'demands.' :'. .-'¦* -< : '-'
.. -.The .banner ; year, for ' salmon t was . 1837.";
At | present thV; Federal i Government at
tends to catching ,' and . stripping the fish
while " the State ¦ i Commission ' ' does - the
hatching- and 'distributing, but in that
year * the ''-¦ Federal '.-. Government employed
, the "t State ;. hatchers • to'u assist^ ; • and '".¦'¦ the
.world's record wasbroken.' The strippers
. took and ; fertilized ¦ sixty mlllions^of ' eggs:*
¦/¦ Now, iriVthese. days vii of dollar
trusts ¦ and generally big ' figures ; in "; every
thing; ¦ a.v mere paltry, 60,000,000 f may^not
catch? the fancy.- as amounting, i to/;,very
much.y' It •' Is •, so "_ easy p. to" say -''sixty: mil-'j
> lions" ,; and : then to- stop : thinking without
realizing , what a whopping big number it'
' is ; after all.;: ":';":...-'-¦. ; - ; •./¦¦' ,' . '
Think it over. ¦ ', '< -^^^^Pjfe
; f Sixty; millions of, eggs..' : .'-.." j'.j
: Klf you,' took all those eggs with you. for.
¦ aMittle'-walk ; and '{dropped ¦; one i for.every
; foot :'of : the .way '. you • would . find . that ; you
would f get V almost :.- half •„ way? around , the
earth and still 'have, salmon eggs'to throw.
away.;V 'v;/ '¦.- ' r : -'/¦¦¦: -. - '.-. '¦ '¦- .'¦' : ''x'-v.' '¦_'.'
;•; U / you i carelessly, took a . contract . > to
haul j that • many,' eggs t down • the ; road for
the ; Fish \ Commission ] you" would ; have* to]
provided transportation f- for A about vthirty",
tons' j weiarht-"; ' '- .'"'. / ' -' . y, •
< If ; you started ; to } dip ; them 1 ; out ' with 1 a
¦ Quart ' measure . you would '. have '..to . make
. '.;; ;. ¦ ; '• :¦;. v-. ¦¦¦ . : . - ¦ . s --' ' ¦ v-'
aary.Mn , strlpplDs-Trthat Is, ¦ In ; forcing the
eggs • from ; the female fish and"' the f er*-
keep the. tight oft the e*g? and Taxmg flsb
by a covering ,af varnished doth. To. go
PROPAGATION OF CALIFORNIA'SThey dart to the top of the trough and
attack any bits of food or bright stuffs.
Then it is that they lose their name of.
alevin and become dignified by the title
of "fry." From this time on they must
be fed four times a day on sweet curds
and pulverized liver; in about two months
they are ready for distribution and to do
their part in adding to or big free food
supply.
Go to the Sisson hatchery and in busy
time? you will see fresh eggs at one end
of the building and frys ready for the
streams at the other, while down the line
are egrgs and alevins in every stage of
evolution. The work at this time is very
severe. All the ergs and fish must be
carefully watched and tested lest some
dis>easf> *how itself. .The danger of dis
ease among the eggs is threefold: First,
from microbes that may. have been car
ried over Into the eggs with the slime and
mucus from the body of the parent fish
during the stripping process; second, mi
crobes and bacteria possibly in the water
used by the hatchery, and third, mal
formations or death from accidents, such
as handling the fish during a delicate
period of propagation.
Aside from this worry there is the con
eUnt attention tiai must be given w
their free salmon— so if you want flsh fn
quantlt3- and free as air look out for the
next Government catch. With the trout
it is a different matter, for their, lives ara
not ; governed with such embarrassing pre
cision. .
After the. Rainbows have been stripped
and washed at the Cottonwood River sta«
tion the eggs .are placed in"one v of th«
" ls.rge': shipping cans and sent to the Sis
son hatchery, where they are hatched and
finally, distributed as husky little trout
¦ vherever called for. Even the eggs in
this state must be conscientiously .cared
_ for while making the sixty-mile train run
necessary to land them at Siason. Every
few. minutes the, cans must.be aerated us
in the rules mentioned in shipping ftah.
The Sisson hatchery is the largest in the
'¦State and nine ponds have been estab
lished there with the object of ultimately
having a fine trout brood faim At pres
ent the home brood stock amounts co
about 70CO fish of different varieties. Many
of the trout are now. large enough to strip
and are doing their best to help stock the
wtters of California.."
These flsh are fed on a mixture of mush
and " pulverized beef livers, the mush be
ing made, of boiled shorts and flour. Twice
a day they receive their rations, and in
the pond where the large ones are kept
-it is a sight worth seeing to watch tha
3 great fellows tearing through the clear
water to get their share— and the other
fellow's,' too. if they can. They are all aa
fat as stall-fed cattle and look in tha
pink. of condition; from actual results it
has been demonstrated that .the young
fish from the, eggs of the home brood
stcck " are superior tb those propagated
from the captured fish, and therefore the
farm 'will be : regularly enlarged so. that
eventually; it "may.be possible '.to' supply
the demand for small fish -entirely from
a choice . stock of special*breeders., Ther«s
Is a marked difference between the eggs
of these fish and the captured spawn. Those
from the wild fish are red, while the eggs
. from the Sisson farm show almost clear
white. The reason for this is explained
. by the presence of a small shellfish en
joyed by the trout of the rivers that Is
not on the menu card of the Sisson aris
tocrats. ¦
* ": This brood farm affords a splendid op
portunity for the close study and habits
.. of the different breeds. During th&spawn
"inc season the .males are all ' cross and
pugnacious and will fight for hours. tear T
ing off fins and pieces of flesh. Jhe flns
all. grow out again, just as your finger
nail' would, and the mutilations gradually
disappear, so a trout fight is not generally
serious.' * . •
The fish hatcheries are doing a great
work for California— much greater than la
generally realized. They are stocking the
waters of the State with free food for all
' where there soon would be : nothing but
barrenness were nature ; not- assisted.
" Trie ' commission . does not plant fish in
. private waters, but will honor any proper
application for fish to" be distributed In a
..public" stream; . Of course millions of nab.
are planted each year, where in the judg
ment of the Commissioners they will do
the most good, but any Tcltizen has the
right to apply^ for". fish i for stocking the
: public waters of his] vicinity that he may .
ultimately "e9Joy, ,the .. benefits \ accruing .
therefrom. Many do not know: this and. -
are -possibly Dialling their fate that
- down , by., the willow tree on the creek
, running! through the old farm they can no
longer catch the numbers and weights of
• year3 ago. .All' they have to do la to ad
dress the California. "Flsh Commission,
i> ills building, ; San 'i Francisco, and ask
them for an application blankATbls blank*
will ask many pertinent questions, such
as:" "Variety of flsh .wanted?" "To ba
distributed where?" "Tributary to?"
"Flowing through what counties?" "Ar« ¦
'these waters public or private?" "la ther«.
ary sawdust or other substances deleteri- ,
ous to fish emptied' into the waters?*"
"Give size of stream or lake," and so on
for a list of twenty questions necessary
to give the Commissioners an exact un
derstanding of the merits and possibilities
of the application. Thousands upon thou
sands of fish are distributed each year to
such applicants," as it all helps to get our
public streams and waters well - stocked
¦with one of the most delicate . and nour- '
iihing .food* known to man.
One man Is sent with every shipment;',
and it is his' duty to keep the .fish alive
and healthy. His flsh are swimming
about in great cans that 'will hold from
&000 to SQOO young salmon or from 8000 to
10.000 trout. Here are hisofficial.instruc
tions, which will give an idea of how
much time the shipper has for recreation
or sleep on a trip:
"Keep the temperature of the water
in the cans between 40 and 50 degrees.
Take the temperature every thirty min
utes. Place the ice in the cans carefully.
Do not drop it in. In moderately warm
v.eather six to eight pounds of ice to the
can will hold the temperature for an
hour. . Aerate the water in the cans by
feeding and cleanliness. " Every day tha
troughs are cleaned and the egg baskets
brushed free of slime and refuse by care
fully manipulated feathers. Twice a year
everything is disinfected* and painted..
"There is everything to be, learned by
experience, and consequently the most ac
curate accounts are kept of ; temperature,
th«> condition of flsh and eggs and the' ".
number lost. All these can , be, referred
to at^ny future date to ascertain causes;
of failure .or success.
-After the fish are hatched and, have be
come large enough frys to" stand an ever. ¦
chance for life with their cousins of the
outer world there comes the delicate mat- ;
ter of transportation. In some cases it ¦
requires a journey of three, days by rail
before they will reach their destination,
and during that time the frys must be
handled with the greatest care.' ,'
GREATEST FREE FOOD SUPPLY
All th* little kickers. Just evoluting from
€^g.=. are provided with a yolk-sac—
plainly visible to the eye— which is a full
dinner pail presented to them by their
mothers. This keeps them alive until they
are mere hardy and better able to care
for themselves. So long as It lasts they
are called "alevins." For days and days
the elevins do nothing but herd together
at the bottom of the trough, live off their
yolk-sac keep their little noses pointed up
current and wonder what it is all about.
By and by, at the end of from twenty to
forty days, according to the temperature,
they find their supply of provisions about
gone, their strength increased and their
inherited tendencies beginning to show
themselves.
Seven days later a small circle Is seen
around the spot, whether the, egg be im
pregnated or not, and the , two are so
much alike at this stage that tlje naked
eye cannot distinguish which are fecun
dated. When nine day3 old. the circle of
the impregnated egg has enlarged, a
slight brownish or bluish gray tinge per
vading the interior; while the unimpreg
nated remains the same. Or. course, the
expert of to-day is able to. tell, by sclen- ¦
tine tests, the matter of fertility from the
twelfth hour, but the above is the egg
as it appears to the uninitiated.
The unimpregnated eggs never change
after the ninth day and are as easily
distinguished from the fecundated ova as
a few white beads would be if scattered
among those of transparent glass..
On the eleventh day the first forma
tion of the fish can be seen— that is. if the
temperature up to this point has averaged
4S degrees. We now observe a brown line,
extending from the circumference toward
the center of the circle, which now cov
ers one-third of the egg.
When twelve days old the circle covers
one-half of the egg; on the thirteenth
day it has passed three-quarters around
the egg and on the fourteenth day it has
pone entirely around and the young trout
is formed. By the twenty-fifth day the
eyes, heart, arteries, red blood, circula
tion of blood and motion will be observed.
At this period the embryo tish are hardy
enough to be shipped to any part of the
United States, or even farther, if proper
care is taken with them en route. At this
stage they are said to be "eyed," a term
quite evident to itself from the fact that
the two eyes of the fish are prominently
visible. t 1 -"
Continuing the process of hatching, the
trout, at this temperature of 4S, degrees,
begin to come out of their shells at about
the fiftieth day.
The Sisson ms ¦•hinery uses the -wire bas
kets, previous described, a California
Invention that at displaced the old style
trays for hatching the_efcgs.
When these eggs begin to hatch is that
period most interesting to the casual ob
server. At the hatchery during this
month can be seen thousands upon thou
sands of our future rainbow trout, kick
ing off their shells and struggling Into
the' tadpole stage'. The opening in the
wire mesh, upon which rest the eggs, are
rectangular and hold the round eggs; but
when the long tadpole-formed future trout
kicks himself free from his shell he eas
ily slips through the mesh and into the
bottom of the trougrh.
In a few hours after the spawn is taken
there is a small light brown spot the size
of a pin to be seen on the top of the egg,
whether it is impregnated or not. No
matter how ycu' turn -the. egg, this Epot
will always rise to the top. This is the
jrerrn where impregnation takes place.
into all tJie details cf hatching the eggs
would fill volumes, so we must content
ourselves with but a brief- decription:
The time required fcr hatching depends .
mainly upon the temperature. .Taking,
for example, the rainbow, trout eggs, it
has been found that as. a general rule
they will hatch in .water at 50 degrees in
frora forty-two' to forty-live days, ¦ each
degree colder taking five days longer and
each desrree warmer live days less; the
difftrence increases as the temperature
falls and decreases as it rises. The same
rules apply, approximately, to salmon as
well. .
THE C^LL.
raising it in a dipper to the height ;of- ; two
I feet; then. pour it;back into^the .can.Ti Do
this live 1 or six times for each can' every
Beyen.to'iteri minutes.Vunless the cans" are
In a" wagon 'which . is ¦ in , motion.' ; Dp not
¦ fill >the". cans with ..fresh .water, except
from a ; pure .spring -or stream. v r "Wheri : . in
me tion ! examine 'each f can ; every ¦ half j hour
and take .tern perature'/ and "aerate." -'rl'-''/.^
Arriving at '• their jdestin'atiohT the follow
ing instructions .must 'be observed: ? \£ ':¦¦:¦
.?••¦ "Before ./ liberating ¦ the ; flsh"; rorrioye at
least half ¦ the water from Ahe' can arid re
fill^ it -with .Vwater'i fronxnhe ; stream.'* 7 .Re-'
peaf this iuntil, you thaye, the -,' water. in''the
can,-.the I'same;: temperature J as ; : the '• water
in^"which" you 'are to plant .'the ; flsh. ¦¦'":,;¦< ••'
,v'."Plant";vthe> iiih ' in .- shallow} running
. ttter. ¦; Avoid i pools."; . ; . ;'-" ; : ¦*¦-.'
V'Atfpresent,^besides the hatchery/at Sis
eorijinpSisklyou •County,Tthe in State" has
hatcheriesJfori- : JKel'/.Riyerf in JMeridocino
County,' called the Price -Creek; hatchery ;
atfl^ake *:Tahoe Tin ¦ Placer," County^ 1 .' -vvhere
the ; great • Mykjss* or lake trout are raised
at the * rate of 4,000,000 per - year ; j at >Tallac -
in VE1 : Dorado' County,' and at Wawbria'in
Mariposa ;i County. ,.? On -\ Shovel J Creek y !n ¦
Siskiyou ; County .and /on the ": McCloud ,in
Shasta ' \County ,', .have ; been .'established
what fare i''eyirig"J stations,'.!, where;
theflshsare caught; ari'd^brought'up'ftoUhei
twentyffiyeAjay^ stage V bef ore "' mentioned,*;
or^when • orgahs i arid , circulation i have
been' established^ when t they are' "shipped ,
. ', •- PP
to ' the : large ', hatcheries, ' where the prop
agation is completed. ¦¦'. .':>,,."• - :
; . AtT-Hornbfpok/. station -; on i the : Cotton
vrcod\- Creek, .a branch 'of r the '/ Klamath
River, Is an egg,' collecting,'.' station that
yielded "450,000 "eggs^last year. 1 . The., work
'capturing arid • stripping: the' fish'at this
auxiliary / station j is '. most ; interesting \ and
is ; fully . shown in i the; illustrations. '
Cottonwood Creek, is j especially. good for
thc; purpose '. of < getting ; fine brood stock,
¦fcr 'the -largest 'rainbow: "trout \ in ; Calif or
'ni?."j run 5 up i t > from , the * Klamath \ looking
f or jspawning. grounds The 1 method ; there,
naturally, on': a', smaller scale, Is the same
as"-tbat .'employed at~ the great h salmon
catching, and '.^spawning stations : of rBaird
snd ".Battle Creek: , '
A. rack -has been put across, the creek" so
tliatit" acts ; '/practically asa* fence, "allow- :
ing 5 , the water 'to. . flow ; through;.with a"
flight .'raise -and' corresponding 1 . • fall,\ buf
preventing the ; .". flsh U "'from ' * getting . up
streamer- The spawning-. trout; come l to r this •
bar rier,- arid make ¦' wild efforts ;. to • scale it.'
They,' try (every place, arid finally^ at: one'
corner;. they;, find what , ; seems , to .them : a v ;
.weak' place ' ' and ! through they. : go. ; ,In
stead; of 'an opening- to ; the ; open .waters :
above v they ,?> soon V discover.;-* they [*¦ have ¦
forced v themselves ' through, ¦', the ' sprlngyj.
pickets^ of : a i'V-shaped 'trap 'that , will r let
them ! : In, > but ', whose j sharp <' ! points t keep : :
them from ' getting out , again ; and there
they are ; penned • up ¦ in ¦' a - veritable 1 corral,'
'with no --chance for t liberation until the
roan comes ¦ with his dip net to put them
in the "live boxes!"/ The 'live boxes" are
merely - crates with padlocked lids, which
are ¦ partially submerged in the river . to
i keep the flsh comfortably alive until they
are' just for. stripping. ._ • .
-. This * year % the run ' promises' ' even ¦ better
, than last," and'Mr. Sothern,-, the deputy in
charge, is' kept sbtisy .netting, out fish!, It
is a sight to make an"angler's heart jump
to see 'the . great .1 five and . eight 'pound
RainbowBcome_ struggling' up^ in the dip
ndt ; and = go splashing into the I big, water
ckri /that.: carries ; them to \ their
logged jail. They are perfect- beauties! ¦
; -.When the live 1 boxes ' axe t weH- filled with
ripe} fish'*! of both sexes >Mr;', Shebley goes
up fronv Sisson .- to •¦ help • his assistant ¦; In ;
tho stripping process. The pictures illus
trate them' hard at .work with thefishjon
tho bank, of the r stream. -In -go. the eggs
into "a. little pari, : then -the" mlit,' and then'
the ' two':, are ; stirred ; with a" : feather ' for
proper" fertilization, ¦*; while the 1 .;" fish;, a r e
thrown back . into the river to tell their
comrades of the most remarkable, spawn
ing experience > they ,' have ever' known,
v At; the salmon stripping stations the fish
areT given away to all -who ask • for them,
as 5 there .! is :- no ; use in returning "', them to
their \ native element,* for." death ; la •: only a
matter of fa short' time after; the •'spawn-
In;? :,• period,"'-', as ;•. before - explained.' v The
farmers come for miles ' around ¦„¦ to get
T3E innenviable : distinction of belnjr
In every v way ¦ the most unhealthy
capital ; In Europe Is enjoyed by
: Madrid. According to statistics pub
lished by the municipality, there have
been 70,374 deaths during the past five
years amon£. a population only slightly
exceeding half a million. In 1301 th»
deaths numbered 17,242, and of these .4064 "
were of children under four years old.
This .gives a rate of about thirty- tiira*
per , thousand. In* the '. nve years period
consumption carried off nearly 10.0CO in-"
habitants and smallpox and measles 5000
more. The municipality L* just beginning
to realize the bearinK of .these figures; ami
various 'decrees . ba\ e been published for
the' better enforcement of sanitation.
.Among, other things, it la to be a punish
able offense to let an' apartment or dwell
ing before. It has been disinfected by • the
municipal laboratory .'. department. ' But
two , of : the .greatest evils in , Madrid are
¦ food.; adulteration, which is : virtually, un
checked, and overcrowding. /The 523.000
inhabitants are herded in 17,000 ,, houses,
which gives an average'of thirty-one per- *
— »»a w»«r bouse.
UNHEALTHY CITY
OF MADRID.Steamboat .fhiat 7s a 7Vya>-VgToUS ar]d ppactfcaT Tolj.
Stfnese s-cttt 5™ j^s
BrEING so well able to build vessels
of foreign type suggests the query
1 why the Chinese . should continue
to build junks. Here, again, is an
other example of official restrictions
crampiijg natural enterprise. The ship
ping cleared out of Hongkong In 1899
amounted to 27,975 vessels, of which 22,501
were ,- junks. ; Now, _f orelgn-bullt vessels
can trade only to the "open" ports, but
there -'are numberless other centers of
tradeTin China to which' junks can ply.
Theses pay customs dues, assessed by,the
local hoppo, and varying with his degree
of rapacity i and the astuteness ot the
skipper or ship owner. But the dues are
invariably ¦ higher for vessels , o^ foreign
type. Customs passes ' may.: be obtained
at ¦ the port " of ; departure and ; are recog
nized by the officials of the. imperial ma
rine customs, who have no power to levy
duties on cargo carried in native bottoms.
When clearing "at the Hongkong harbor
office a junk pays a fee and, receives a
paper on which are stated the nature of
the cargo and the alleged destination, and
a recommendation to, the crew \o succor
any distressed seamen they may meet,
and to carry no stinkpots. There are no
load-line regulations, the number of pas
sengers and crew Is immaterial.' the food
question the business of the master, no
side lights— It costs oil to burnfthem— no
vexatious rules and regulations Whatever,
and this the Chinaman dearly ¦ loves tor
then he can economize to his heart's con
tent. On the rivers steamboats are per
mitted to stop only at certain' stations,
yet passengers will travel twenty miles in
a direction opposite to their route in order
to catch a steamer, in preference to trust
ing themselves and their belongings to
native craft Were all disabUities re
moved we should soon see the pictur
esque but antiquated Junk disappear.—
Cassier's Magazine. *
" "This Alcado !s one of the two or thre«
sports in Vegas with whom I'm on speak
in' terms; seein' that a relative of hi3 ar/
me is classmates in the same bone-aettin*
seminary. Baca's teepe Is jest across the
Plaza, an' that jurist is at his post ready
to turn for us as we trails In. My captor
'does the talkin';' docs it in Spanish, 'the',
same at that epock bein' to me as locoed
a tongue as Choctaw.
" 'As Baca listens I see his wrath begin
to saddle up.- Then he breaks loose an'
sore burns the ground about that consta
ble. Which the exhaustive way wherein
Baca skins him multiplied my. respects
fourfold for tlie Spanish language.
" 'Baca grabs his pen an* begins to get
action in a big book, glarin' meanwhiles
at the culprit who -looks some ashen. I
takes a casooal squint over Baca's shoul
.'der.V.He^ writin' a charge ag'inst "Jose-
Marie GaUeagosy Salizar," the same bein'
my oppressor.
"' "Whatever be you-all allowin' to
. do?'.* I asks, breakin' groun' in the de
bate.
i Which I'm goin' to charge this
scoundrel with assaultln' you a whole lot.
An' you.can gamble I'll give him the
limit." Then Baca onloads more epithets
on the officer who shore shakes In his
moccasins.
" 'But I charges to the rescoo. I in
sists on callln' the affair a draw. Baca,
final, is made' to consent, though he's
mighty reluctant; as it is. he eases ais
feelln's with a last outburst of Anda
loosian profanity that shrivels the dos
soldier up complete. Then Baca tells him
to "VamoosI"
. " 'Later my Greaser bushwhacks me an'
onloads his gratitoode like a torrent. I'm
seekln' Inspiration at the time, so I takes
Salizar along an' restores his nerve.
Which . I never sees a person more pro
foosely thankful. I begins to reckon that
mebby In ways to me onknown I saves his
life.
"/Doorin' the brief balance of ncy stay
in Vegas. Salizar. performs as a guardian
angel. I'm havin' a hectic time: an* I
. argues since that 'Salizar shore enlists a
passel of scouts in my destinies. Time
an' ag*in he shows up in most mysterious,
fashion at the croocial moment an' Bears
me off to safety. Fact! My fair-ha'red
skelp would be dryin* in a Mexican doty
if it ain't for the sleepless tenderness of
Salizar. . Dogs couldn't have been more
faithful to my heels.
" "The day dawns .when I breaks camp
-"'As I hears his big six-shooter hit the
floor, it strikes me, most likely, he's some
kinQvof a dog-soldier. But It's little sech
roominations weighs on me. I quils ca'mly
up oh a ppker table an* goes to sleep. -
. " 'It's- mebby eight o'clock when I'm
gently shook. I opens my eyes an* thars
that offlshul* whom - 1 rebookes. He's
nbasin'ly p'lite, an* explains that I'm on
der, arrest./.
"-'fsets'up on the poker table, yawns,
batsnry eyes, atftealls for noaepaint. The
ha'r of'the dog^fso 'Vijqjiooced an' my cap
tor .'so far ontfejpda^aS • to libate with me.
I enquires in tones ? of sarcasm why he
" don'tiround me urJ Vhen I chunks him
¦with the cue. He says he " defers the pa
. geant ontil sunup so as to avoid clappin'
me in' the ¦ calaboose. - Now the. play Is
simple; we sa'nters over to.BacaVthe Al
cado, an' I has jestlce^meited oqt.-NpTgent,
says my p'licemartr'can 6b"Ject-:t»-"that.
" " 'Which* this "forbearance .so works on
-me, we has two -more « drlnksrt-. Then* I'
performs my toilette an' we're ready.
an* leaves Vegas to the r'ar. an' my goin'
ondoubted is a load off the mind of Salizar
an'- mebby Baca's. I sees Salizar at the
bridge over the jlm-crow river that
. waters Vegas when I tells him. Tears
stands In his eyes as if Vegas, that a-way.
is on the brink of actooal loss. As he
shakes my hand, he explains in broken
English that be aims to leave me a keep
sake an' that v I'll find it that evenin' in
Kelly's lidteiTroom. the same bein' close
by the bridge. It's thar wal tin* for me —
this present; she's a Navaho blanket, red
as a sunset an' worth a dozen ponies.
I've got that blanket yet. Thar you be.'
concloods Peets. as he signals to Black
Jack; 'that's why when I thinks of Baca
an*' the reedie'lous Salizar, I ain't hone
-shore but Mafclcans is capable of vlr
choos.'" .£
split you into half, apples.' After that wu
ceases even, to bow.
"Doc Peets is the, only gent I ever en
counters who sees good " in Mexicans.
Peets . allows they has merits. 'They're
generous an' they're friendly,' says Peets;
which for 1 . that matter, so is dogs.. Peets'
ups an' oncovers a he has in
Vegas which he declares sheds a ray t on
Mexicans.
• " 'Gents,' says Peets, . 'this happens
when I makes my -southwestern deboo;
I'm so new to the range the check of that
railway, sharp still blazes in my hat. "You
all hears from Dave how guileless he is
when he rambles into that dance hall
riot over in Tucson. Gents, at that milk- .
tooth- period Dave's double-steeped in the
vats of bitter experience along of m«».
I'm as soft as corn in the silk; my intel
lects ain't tasseled out none. Shore! I'd
be called foolish even in the East. I
ain't no antiquity now, but my -horns has
sprouted a heap since then. At that time*
I'm the most . recent thing on earth.
" 'Bein' I'm in Vegas some ten days
with nothih'. speshel 9a my boyish mind.
I lapses into a debauch. An' because I'm
young an' ajdent. my licker makes me
plump \ excursive. I feels . like another
Balboa an' goes explorln' 'round, exas
peratin' the natives. As I looks back I
6ays freely that when I don't get a knife
in my side that time, it's proof absoloote
that Satan overlooks a bet.
'• 'One evenin' I'm playin* billiards with
the barkeep In a deadfall on the plaza.
It's fifth • drink time followin' midnight
an' .- thar's no company save, a Mexican
who'd lookin' on. This Castilian regyarda
my errors— the same bein' frequent— as
the most humorous racket since the down
fall, of Santa Anna.
•"Incensed at this yere Greaser's ill
timed merriments, I bats him on the vis
age with the butt of the cue. An' I am
some . successful. He stops grinnin' an'
goes backwards on the floor. It's then I
pounces on him as sanguine as cinnamon
b'ars.
;" 'But the barkeep, who gets conscience
stricken, cuts in oh the balle an' sep'rates
our interests."! Tharupon my victim wipes
the;blood from his face, assoomes airs of
dignity, an' walks off.
V,"'. "That .Greaser's a p'liceman!" says
the barkeep, sort o* under his breath.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
Jose /Watfe SaTT.eaSds
Copyright. 1002. by Robert Howard Russell.
WHICH I shore feels that idle
this evenin'. it's worse'n scan
d'lous—it's reedie'lous." The
Old Cattleman cast himself
back In the deep armchair and
yawned. "Pardon^ these yere demonstra
tions of weariness, son," he' observed:
"they ain't aimed at you none. That's
the fact though; this amazln' sensation
uf shittlessness is beglnnin' to gnaw at
me a heap. Talk of "a painted ship upon
a painted ocvan,' same as that poem per
son >ou quotes from t'other day; that
vessel's earnestly employed compared to
me. All I ever does these times is set on
the tavern stoop, tell you-all tales, cuss
out my black boy Tom. an' drink some.
Thar's no moral purpose to sech c'reers."
The old fellow had lured me to his
apartments on an argument that penny
ante in moderation would redound to the
coolness of his nerves and 'serve toward
a promotion of his personal peace.
"An* 1 wants you to onderstand," he
had said, imitating much violence of
manner, "that when as my guest you
embarks with me in penny ante you've
got to conform to my rooles. Shore! I've
got rooles; an' every gent who draws
kyards at a board of mine has done got
to bow humbly tharunto. An' these yere
is my rooles: ¦ Tve a partic'lar canteen of
whisky that's made doorin' the days of
Gen'ral Jackson; the shore enough old
Hermitage. My first roole is to confer on
every gent a hooker of this priceless
drink as we-all sets down to play. My
second roole is that after the first drink
no gent gets another onless he losee to
me. That's straight; he can have com^
mon, every -day redeye by the dipper or
by the jug, but if he hankers to quil him
se'f about more Hermitage' he's got to
lose to me."
My talkative friend after a half hour
¦^f penny ante grew tired and threw/down
the cards. It was then he broke into the
above arraignment of himself.
"You've witnessed a vast deal of poker
playing in your day," I said. The remark
was purely experimental. I wanted him
to talk.
"Which I concedes as much!" he re
torted, "an' alloodin' to poker, the first
time I sees the father of my black boy
Tom, that colored man is a... tangled
tip in a game. No, he ain't playin* none
himse'f; he's bein' played for. Which
that darkey's role is the same as the bone
In the dog fight. He's bein' struggled over
plumb strenuous, while passively impar
tial himse'f. You don't savey? This
yere is in the old, days when your troo
born Southern gent p'rades his foe at ten
paces, drinks peach an' honey an* plays
poker two-call-five in niggers. It's durin'
that proud epock when I'm on the Grand
Turk from St. Looey to Noo Orleans.
Thar's a passel of planters engages
themse'fs at poker in' the smokin' room.
I comes bulgin" in, an* bein' some a-thirst,
turns to a likely seemin' black boy who's
loiterin' oneaslly behind the char's of the
kyard playin' planters. I'm figgerin' I'll
send him to the barkeep for a cobbler.
" 'You boy!" I says, pin tin* at him with
my finger, for a, lazy nigger requires ;V
heap of Identification that a-way if he al
lows you're goin' to put him to work.
'You bioy!'I says, 'do you-all belong with
this yere boat?*
" 'No fiah.' he replies, a heap p'lite an*
deprecatory; 'no sah, I don't belong with
no boat.'
" 'Whoever does you appertain to then?*
I asks:
" 'Why. sah,' he says, bowin an* scrap
in', 'I jes don't rightly know, ' sah. D'
title to me it looks like, sah, is mighty
ambiguous. Fust, I b'long to Marse Stal
lins over thar; an' then I'm d'- propurty
of Marse Peters, who obtains me with a'
spade flush, sah. Jest at present I'm a
element, sah. In dish yere jackpot; an' d' ,
problem of whose I Is will sort o* be in)
d* air, sah, from now ontil d' hand's been
done played out.'
"The aplomb wherewith he lays bar" the
oncertainties of >h5s ownership makes a
pleasant Impression on me. I looks him.
over, makes up my mind, - gets into the
speculation then ragin*. an' by fourth
drink time that evenin' I rakes in that
colored boy on a five-full. An* I shore
retains him. Yes, son; he's the father of
my black Tom. Which, ondoubted,' is the
reason why that owdacious Tom takes,
them liberties with me." . - . ' •
"Do you believe in slavery?" I asked.
"No,"- he -retorted; "it's a bad game
plumb through, slavery is. It ain't so
bad for the blanks as for the whites. It's
too late to talk .^slavery, now; it's what
Colonel Sterett calls in that Coyote pa
per of his a 'dead issue.' But layin' aside -
i the moral question, thar's no inoneyj in
slavery; never is. Why? Because, it's
cheaper to hire folks than own 'em. <
¦ "Speakin* of'slavery, I'm in Washin'
ton when Mr. Lincoln promulgates '
his Freedom proclamation; she's shore,
a jo-darter of a play. No, I don'f stay
long in Washin'ton. I goes on. business.
I'm never thar since, for I sort o' gets
l a notion again the towji.
. "Which my aversion is doo. mainly td
the thoughtless an* ill-advised way in
which a party named Herbert handles
me personal. At this > yere epock, I'm
plumb wild an*. .cimmarroh an' I'm afraid
of them giant ;hotels. To get me inside
you has to Jblindfold me an' back me in •
You shore .can't lead, nor drive, nor even
salt me along if 'the destination is one
of them comprehensive hotel wickeyups
" 'Herbert *', I says, bein' he's the; only
gent In town I knows— 'Herbert.* I says,
'I don't want to go to none of these yere
ten-story- edifices.' Which I'll lose myse'f
if I does; An' before I submits to seen
perils,' I says. 'I'll take my blankets an' ,
camp down. _qn yon green' ; an' I p'ints
to one oj ; the'jim-e'row grass patches
about the size of a table-cloth, an' wTiich
is regyarded East as a park.
"'You-all can't .-.camp thar none,' says
Herbert: 'the r cb'nstables 'U -put you ; . in •
the calaboose. come "with me,' he
goes on/ 'I'll do, you. a partic'lar favor. ;
I'll nacherally take you-all to my own
proper boardin-house.'
"It's night when me an' Herbert "gets
thar, but for all it's dark, I sees it's. a
block on. one of these -business' . streets. -
Herbert says the three- upper stories is'
the boardin' -house; the ground .floor
bein' somethin* else. So we trails up a
narrer break-your-neck pa'r of .sta'rs, an'
I pays a month in advance ah' wins out
the r'ar room on the second floor. ' : ¦
"It's a mighty gloomy cell, that room
is, with dark walls an* trimmins, an', a
locoed, ranflikaboo kyarpet on the floor
with red worsted blossoms as big as cab
. bages an' apples as big as punklns.
.."Son. my .^perlts begins to flag an'
droop the moment I'm alone. Neither can
I sleep none. Thar's' a ancient, musty
aroma like the odor of -eternity t>at
a-way; an' then a passel of people gets
into the room onderneath, an' I bears the
murmur of their, voices. This last,".how
everj 1 .", aiiit sof ba^ as I allows ; mighty
likely! it's a^game of snort j kyards, an* It
sounds ho'melikejan' seems- comp'ny. I re
solves I'll Investigate it some in • the
mornin'. ¦
"I'm out at sun-up. After lookln'. my
se'f up a drink I goes* down to see whatSr
for a center of trade that storeroom
beneath me is. What do you-all reckon
now ' she's like? It's 'oneof these yere
coffin shops. An' to the r'ar, onder where
I sleeps, Is a morgue. Pendin' departed
bein' planted, that's where he passes his
hours. That talkin' I hears is when they
bring?, in a new; remainder. I collects a
p'inter or two Srom the loogoobrious out
cast in chdrge, an' he ogives; it T out^ cold
thar's from one. to three corpses camped
_ around onder -me' all the time. Which'the
'thouglitt gives 7 mje tbejfantods! . . . V
r \ "Stll^ rjn 4 'ashame ; a: r to , weakenjf an* mp
paying for* ;a' month ahead at thatj»'l ; fls?
-" eera i'ihajt byj-joqdiciau^ drinkin' m4bby:I
sticks; her through*'*^ - * '¦ ;^. >
.. / "B§t ' I ;iplon't; " what'; you-all'. would j call
the .horrors "of -'the sityooation begin^ to
- accoomulate. • IHerbertv comes caperln' in
the second" evening, an'-, is settin'/round
.'• smokin' my seegyars- an' absorbin' my
>nosepain^. .He's- a': thoughtless sharp, is
;*:Herber.t,i an' no more fine' sensibilities
* than belongs twith : af razor ijack ¦ hawg. S Of
j.^a sudden "hV-b"reaks^lctos^ah'--*tens^nie
/".'about 'a party.^h? cpmmitl^soolcide An
$.£ny room. . • ) '.', '¦%•;* • Av'.' :¦• /)"' "/¦;
f^Sfe 'His name's- wfells,' 'says 'this yere in
* doorated Herb^rt.^i 1^- 11 * as shoves open
' ; . , ¦ . ¦ v^ . : ., .._**-^'- .*¦'¦•¦¦*-¦_.¦" - • ¦ ¦ f ¦ .
"Incensed at this yere Greaser's iV. -timed: merriments, I bats. him in .the '-r?, visage with the-butt; of the cue;"
the door' thatltimV I .fisids him hahgin'
..to jthe charidelier.'.'dead as doornails. .," I
: cuts /him'r'dowri; an'/ spreads 'him* 'out on
' the kyarpet.' Now" I brings the incident to
.mind, his" head, rests on that thar flower.'
An*. Herbert genially/Vints to a; partic'lar
•cabbage, right -by the -side of my bunkl
_'. "That settles it;' I don!t pause^to bandy
'no words, but ups. and pulls my freight.
Iain't sooperstitious, as I already assures
j you'some scores of t/mes. : . An' I might
.\ have' -^.withstood'; 'the .7 dead folks onder
9 heath:*: But I draws the , line at soolcides
in my* room. When a. gent j that's locoed
while alive", that himse'f, thar
¦'. ain't no tellin' what h^'H do. when dead.
Which he might take a notion to resisci
tateV himself a whole lot; an' then the
• next news you gets he's back thar ha'nt
in' 'rount^*; .v "\ '-
;. = VI^ marks Herbert off my; visitin' . list.
Not alone does he feloniously take, me to
that. spook: reservation, but he keeps low
company \to a degree' which ¦ no se'f-re
spectin' gent caii tolerate. Thar's a band
of at. Washin'toh, 'rnakln' a
front. for their outfit; an'^l! learns that he
goes up thar to. a, big feed an' is thiek
rfs holdups with the entire tribe. I takes
my p'sltion bn Herbert at once. No
Greasers . goes with me! An' I ' hints to
Herbert that t ' his . acquaintance is no
longer -to be' desired.
•¦. " /Don't presoome to speak •: to me \ no
more,' Lsays, wavin' him off a lot. 'Which
if you does I'll shore' 1 pull ¦ a bowie-:an'
yilake^a boat of strong; cardboard ,* as
shown rln "figure// '.The .rudder, /turning
about a : pin ,' as '; axle, Is connected ; with
uie fsides ; of the boat by- two J pieces ; of
thread : of '- uneven • length, giving the rud
der an • angular ; position: • A tub of water
is : the> ocean, on which our.Uttle boat will
steam , about. . " :. ' '¦ ¦ p WMtU I
Two pieces of wire; bent as shown In fig-
ure and fastened, to the sides of the boat
like hooks, hold an eggshell, the contents
«.™ cl J vou have sucked out; leaving . a
little hole on one side, as shown In ng
?wim? e .5 h i e11 ls ' fi »ed "with water up to
the little -hole and represents the boiler
placed onthe two pieces of wire, with the
« n * Vl e r w ar som ewhat above the rear
'H? \, « i *"*? ; boat " To heat the bo » w we
use hair of an eggshell placed on a piece
°£. c , ork , underneath the boiler, with a
piece of cotton in the center. Pour
fl ° m « alcohol on the cotton and set fire to
• . » e wate *" will begin to boil in a few
m i nute s and a fine stream of steam will
leave the hole of the eggshell. The pres
re ii of , the steam on the air will move
J« e - Mttle • boat • tn ¦ the opposite direction,
that l&y. forward, and we have a steam
ooat Framing without wheels or screw.
HOME MAGIC
To" pb|wti8 Two
|;P^TSOr)€^ s -
Two persons. In this case the performer
at.ti v.ue of the audience, are. carefully
ik-c. each having the wrists bound by a
ccrd <A). Then another cord . two : yards
Jong 1« placed over the «5rds binding the
wrists, connecting the two prisoners (B).
v»ie task Is to liberate the prisoners with
out opening the knots or removing the
cords around the wrists.' This is ' not so
very difficult— if - you know how,' The
prisoner, who. wants to liberate himself,
shoves the cord that* connects him with
the other prisoner (B), with the help of
the ball of the right hand, so high that
the rlr.gr nnd little finger, of. the left hand
can grab it and put It ov'er the ring fin
srer of the right hand. Then .the right
linger., puts Jt over; the left hand, and a
short pull i will liberate the prisoner.
Till iir 1 iinimiMiiiinMnrmi if iihhmMi ' n^iiri
Atk"P^ssU^«-
Fill a glass almost full of water and
place your hand over it; the lingers form-
Ing a right angle, as shown in the lower
figure. ' " : ' i : '. . ¦ . .
. By_ quickly . stretching out the .. hand
without removing . the palm from •: the
glass you will create ¦ an airtight ¦ space
under, your, hand sufficient to .overcome
the weight of the- glass, so that you can
lift * it. ' '
k '''-"'-'' ' - '• ' ' -' '" ' '
<£ -To Use a - Ns^^ as a ¦ -Spfi?^ : **
• .Take ¦ a darning needle of j medium/size
and stand three, yards away; from a' door,
holding r the : needle ,- between \[ thumb ¦ and
Index' finger.*: Throw.* the i needle:; like : a
spear and try to fasten ¦ if. into '< the" door."
You will never; succeed, no matter . how
bard: — n ti : - ' ¦nfTfMMMfpBBBHg
But ; by putting a piece of c thread
through '. the '.: eye t of • the l needle you .will
always succeed. In stlcklng.lt In the wood.
-' Another > spear • can be < made . of '¦ a - wrlt
ing - pen ; and four, paper wings, \ as ¦ shown
In flffure.
THE SUNDAY C A LL&
6
THE NECESSAiRY MATEBIAXS V FOB THE > THICKS^ IN
THESE - COIiUMN'S ARE FOUND flN EVERY FTJN-I.OVING
HOME, OR MAY- BE PROCURED AT THE EXPENSE OF A FEW
cents:;../;,: '¦:¦;¦¦ ¦/.¦:¦,'../¦//:¦¦¦-¦:./":'"¦¦ ; v- "•'¦¦>. >".v V»^., '¦an attraction as a distinct novelty, and
the little Morton girl is the beauty of the
summer theatricals,"
more money on Oriental rugs and oak fur
niture than I expected he would, but he
has a sybaritic taate for such things, ana
:i.:wl ..,.', . : ...-..¦ •¦ ...,'¦ ........
pleted;. that, is, the builder and lessee had
everything arranged' to suit 'us, and it's
a love of a place.' My husband has spent
•' r " ' • .' •' >¦.' i. ¦". ¦ ¦¦: ¦¦ ' . • '
¦ uoai'eiucity , ;<"we ur« . going:/ to .live .'out
nearthe Park; it Is so much healthier, for
the baby. "We have a flat about com-
¦-¦.-...,¦-¦.-.¦-,
and not because she has to wo us tyr u«r
living." "
"Yes," she' says, with 'an air of absolute
Next to their discussion of each other's
talents, the actor folk are even more in
terested in each other's private 'life than
the great curious public itself. Just at
present there is much gossip about
Frances Graham's new home. She is one
of the happy family of stars at the Tivoli
who are making the run of "The Fortune
Teller." and who get along together with
less friction than any company In Amer
ica. But more important than all this, she
Is the wife of Mr. William Broufcliam, an
English gentleman of means, and she is
particularly enviod because she is singing
on the stase for the pure love of her art
* . • »
elocutionary effect, but '.the greenroom
got-siii will Increase after - Mr. Willard's
big repertoire performance next week at
the Columbia, for it will try his voice to
the utmost.' , ; - ¦
WHATEVER their jealousies, ac
tor folk are quick to reCagnlzc
and quicker to imitate the art
of a rival. Any new "trick of
voice or gait cr gesture that
makes for success is sure to be copied Jn- X
stantly, whether it be of the old or the
new school of acting. And apropos of this
little proclivity of the actor folk there i*>
much discussion just now of E. S. Wil
lsud's voice. He is admHtfd to be a con
summate master of elocution. The shad
ins; of his tonr-s is as perfect as the gra
dations of a finely tuned instrument, and
•the gesture that accompanies each 8pe?ch
Is calculated to heighten the effect- Tlii.j'
is particularly true of his acting iv. "The
Cardinal." As a KUpremc test of his talent
it is eaid that he could act the whole play
in the dark and reveal every shade of
emotion so perfectly with his voice alone
that not a single scene would lose any of
!ts intense dramatic force.
And the influence of. his art on those
who waieh him act, and particiTlariy those
who play with him. Is best shown in the
acting of his leading lady, JIlss lilltu
O'Malley, the Irish actress. She has
caught all his tones, even to the musical
phratlng of every sentence that muTtes his
voice m bell-like and clear.
Of course there are tiiany who decry this
I'll admitl like to have handsome fittings
in a house myself."
And those who think that late suppers,
stage triumphs and new gowns is the sole
ambition of. the, actress will be much sur
prised by this greenroom gossip. For In
stance, there^ls pretty" Lillian Elliott of
the. Alcazar company.
"My ambition," she says, "is '-not so
much to be great as it is to be happy. To
be both, of course, would be a consumma
tion devoutly to be wished; but I would
rather be happy without the greatness
than great without .the "happiness. I
dream sometimes mysilf— but I dream of
a cottage, and around the cottage a gar
den with an exuberance of beautiful flow
ers, and in the cottage happiness and
cheer— everything bright and fair and
sweet— a cottage full of love and content
ment, and. furthermore, a cottage all my
own— or, if you will, all our own."
. »-
And in contrast to the popular r notf on of
the' long and. difficult read that mxiit be
traversed to fame, the actor folk are fond
of dwelling on the element ' of luck.
Greenroom gossip has much to say. of
how kind Fate has been to Edythe Chap
man, the c!ever leading lady of the Xeill
company, which is just opening its season
at the California Theater. A few years
ago she was a super with Warde and
James in Cleveland, Ohio. Her earnest
ness impressed Sir. "Warde on the very
first night. ' Before the week was over
the leading lady became ill. There was
no understudy, and the stage manager
was distraught. Miss Chapman asked for
the part. She was laughed at. The audac
ity of a super -with only a week's expe
rience was beyond belief. Mr. Warde.
however, gave her a rehearsal. Mis3
Chapman was leading lady next day. The
play was "Frencesca di Remini."
• ¦ • •
Of course, apropos of ambition, gossip
naturally leads to talk of stage fright.
Agnes Ranken of the Central Theater
says: "My first case of stage fright
wasn't on the stage at all. but in the Con
vent of Notre Dame in this city. It was
the commencement day exercises. Dressed
as a gypsy maid, which was In Itself
against' the rules of the school, I had re
hearsed every line and gesture of >my
piece before the mirror, but when I saw
the platform littered with flowera and
was told they were all for me, and then
heard the applause that followed the an
nouncement of my name I was stricken
with terror. I rushed to my room and
locked myself In. I've got over It since
then, however.
"Fiddle Dee Dee" is a great success at
Fischer's Theater, but there -has been
much gossip over Maude Amber's much
heralded rivalry of Lillian Russell's fame
and beauty. Miss Amber Is a soprano of
statuesque proportions and totally unlike
Lillian Russell, for all. that is said of her
svperior beauty. She sang in the same
company, however, and is virtually a
child of the stage, for she has been sing
ing ever since she was 13 years old. Of
ccuTsej in the comparison that has been
made to Lillian Russell she has a difficult
standard to live up to, hence the green
room gossip.
• • •
It is truly strange to see a • family of
father, mother and daughter all acting
together, but when the daughter happens
to be as pretty as dainty little Clara
Louise Morton, who is . appearing- at the
Orpheum with her parents just now, it
is not stanrge at all. She comes here
heralded as the roof garden beauty of the
season In the East. A critic wrote of
her there: "Anna Held at her best "and
Phyllis Rankin, before she grew so stout,
would be eclipsed by this little miss of the
vaudevilles. She Is a clever pianist and
sings a little, but her forte is just looking
cute and girlish. A new beauty is as bis
ii^:'S(j^;jL)A^..eALii.;' : v||g||
7
GREEN-ROOM GOSSIP OF THE ACTOR FOLKbeginning of the nineteenth century, "I
would never stop exercising: with my arms
until I had filled out." .'
Massage, with the system of rubbing in
the oils and ointments, was unknown in
those days, but the old beauty culturist
knew that in exercise lay muscle, and he
sought to build up the bust by muscular
exercise and ln.no other way.
We, of. better.' day and generation, com
bine the two — exercise and massage. And
we also combine medication and diet in
one harmonious whole, which, taken al
together, will give a good bust.
1 As the Goddess of Liberty.
Take the pose which is called by the
physical culturists "the Goddess of Lib
erty pose." A ¦weight is taken in the
hand and the arm Is stretched to the lim
it above the head, precisely as Miss Lib
erty holds the torch down New York har-.
bor.
The weight is lowered*and lifted again
until the arm feels fatigued. Then the
subject rests. Something has been done
toward bust development.
Another exercise is that of stretching
the arm out at the Eide, a very fatiguing
motion. A weight is held' in- the hand.
A certain opera singer who was narrow
in the chest rubbed each nigrht a handful
of cocoa oil Into her flesh. The massage.
the oil and the exercise did the work.
Usually the exercise of singing will
round out the chest and vocallsm is one of
the surest ways to gret a full bust. Sing
ers are nearly always fat In the bust, and
this Is attributed to vocal exercises. •
But all cannot sing; and for those who
cannot sing it ia not a pleasant practice.
There must be other methods adopted, for
the bust must be shaped.
The flat bust is the one feature that Is
never pretty. It Is contrary to the set
laws of nature and It is something that
invariably fails of grace.
On the other hand the round full bust Is
Practice Singing.
THE plaint that comes from one
reader «tfll be echoed by many,
How to accuire a good bust is
eomeihlng which has puzzled all
women since the days of Venus, of
whom the legends tell us that she
was so beautifully rounded that none
could look upon her without loving her.
It Is singular how much a good form
has to do with love. You may be very
fend of a dear one who is 111-shapen, but
with how much pride and glow do you
look upon the one who is nicely formed. „
The flat-chested, narrow-breasted wo
man may have all the virtues of the deca
| logue, yet somehow you cannot admire
her as though she were properly shaped.
It is a wonder that the flat-busted wo
man does not obtain shape. ; She may
even do something with artifice, but this
Is, as a rule, so very apparent that It
deceives no one.
Just try turning up the corners of the
mouth, regardless of your mood, and
see how it makes you feel. Then draw
the corners of your mouth down, and
you will declare that there is something
In it, and is it not worth an effort to
change frowns and sullenness and de
spondency for smiles and contentment
and a happy heart?
"Regardless of the mood that may
possess me, when I get up in the morn
ing, I first 'devitalize' my face; that Is,
cast out the unlovelv expression in pos
session, by encouraging a sensation of
droop throughout the features, so that
cheek, lips, chin and lids may sag
heavily, while the mind is, as far as pos
sible, a blank. After 'sozzling* in th's
state of relaxation for a few moments.
1 summon up a pleasing mental picture
nnd then allow a little, smile, rippling
over the f aca . from opening eyes and
parting lips, to gradually bring the fea
tures into place and expression. If one
is afflicted with obstinate facial dejec
tion or melancholy, this operation, should
be repeated several times. I have known
it to work wonders in most unpromising
cases."
ry out and everything one touches suc
ceeds.
"How do I manage it," you ask, to keep
the corners of fny mouth turned up?"
TO DEVELOP
THE BUST.
"My supreme desire — to quote eome one,
perhaps it's Homer— we'll say it's Homer
— is not to be learned, rich, famous or
powerful, but to be radiant and beautiful.
to radiate health and life, to b*.- a pleasing
picture for any friends to behold. If the
mind is healthy the body will be healthy,
and things will work smoother, plans car-
"For example," she cries, springing
erect from the low, luxurious divan on
which she is lounging, "let me show you
a little what it is to be sad. Observe now
my expression," and she lets the lines of
her face relax, droops he' lids and mouth
and bends her head until she presents a
picture of gentle dejection.
"Do you see, I have but to let my mus
cles fall, drop the jaw a little and, wear-
Ing a face like this, in a week will
begin to appear, the cheeks to sag 04 >H.
then my shoulders gro forward,^ and in a
month I am changed. A fortnight of me
grims would ruin my looks forever,"
Melancholy and beauty cannot exist to
gether Is Isabella's theory. "I never once
permit myself to fall into a fit of thfc
blues."
She considers it positively rude to her
family, as well as unkind, to appear at
the breakfast table in what may be called
facial dishabille. Most every one considers
her morning toilet complete when she has
done with tub and dumbbells, dressed her
hair and put on her clothes, yet no woman
should ever venture beyond the threshold
of her bedroom until she has coaxed a
smooth and smiling reflection in her mir
ror.
"I would as soon think of leaving
my room in the morning before putting
on my dress." she says, "as before put
ting on my face."
ISABELLA MONCRIEFF has discov
ered that to be beautiful she must be
always serene — that she must com
mence the day with a smile.
(Copyright. 1002, by S. S. McClure Co.)
Her"eTsS©rriithTnS
\ N?W to Trifc
The Tr^i-naT
¦
a beautiful portion of one's anatomy, and
the chest that is well rounded, under a
well fitted gown, is a thing to bring envy
to the Bould of the woman who lacks it.
"If I were perfectly flat in the chest and
a woman," wrote an old beauty scribe, in
a now iincicnt book published at the very
and possibly inu.e ;...„< rs. Th;s strength
ens the wrists at the same time, for
where the bust Is undeveloped the arms
and wrists will generally be found flabby,
if not actually lean.
This motion, of lifting the weight and
thrusting it out at one side Is a good one,
and can be practiced with. one arm and
then with the other, with a hand resting
on one hip to steady 'It. This is called
Sandow's lift,
A very fine, movement for broadening
the chest is found in the arm and neck
gestures. The - hands are clasped behind
the head and the head is thrown back
ward. ' The elbows are directly out. and
lifted squarely at each side. It is a
stretching movement, and exercises every
muscle there is In the chest. | ,
•¦'..-• The Oil Bath. /
Now comes the time, for the, massage.,
With quick hands an attendant goes over
the skin lightly with a soft -towel, and
then b"eglns upon'- the rubbing movement.
The hand Is filled with oil, sweet, olive,
cocoa oil, or a mixture of melted wax and
sweet oil. " making a i cold cream. Cold
cream is very good for this purpose and
nothing could be ¦ better J than white vase
line,'.though it is perhaps not so pleas
ant to W/ork with.; '¦/.'. ';' \
Have you ever tried melting a little bot-
tie of .white vaseline, by -setting it in hot
water, and then, . while it) is fluid,-stir
ring In three drops of oil of geranium and
a little' pure* olive oil, half as much as
there is. vaseline?. Let it cool in a little
porcelain lined jar. Or fill ,your.< empty
bottles of vaseline .with it., j[.
A very good massage' Scream for the
bust consists ; of ' two . ounces . of leaf lard,
two ounces ; of 'olive., oil, s -two : arops of
attar of. roses and* enough 'white wax to
bring to the consistency of -cream. A
piece as big as a walnut maybe required.
This will keep indefinitely. -. • . ¦
But if you have no cold cream and
wish to begin the massage at once, take
your vaseline, make it sweet with a lit
tle i of your, best cologne, -about half a
teaspoonful stirred in the melted. vaseline,"
and begin." '• .'"•¦'.- - .
Rub the chest thoroughlv with the mix
ture, not. using strength enofcgh to reduce
the fat;' but rubbing in the rotary manner,
Diet' comes in for Its share in the re
sponsibility in bust development. Unless
you eat the right things you will not
make the right amount of progress.
.You want to be fattened, but you want
to be fattened in the right place.
Eating all you want of one thing is a
good way to -get fat. < Take some one
vegetable, some one kind of fruit, some
one kind . of " pudding, or "made dish";
and of a sort if it be easily digested it
will be. good for you. It will "put fat"
on you.
Of course you fear to get fat lest the
The Diet.
- Let us understand that she has exer
cised until she -is all warm, the perspira
tion is Just starting out upon the skin and
she Is tingling from head to -foot; and,
if she is not used to exercise, she is a
little out of breath.
If the skin Is oily the grease can be re
moved with a ' soft cloth. A hot water
bath can be taken later. If desired, and
there need be no fear that the oil will
be drained from the skin. It has been ab
sorbed already by the tissues and soft
parts of the- flesh.
This ls'buch a necessary part of the
bust development that it must never be
omitted." ;;>;'
- While exercise is fine, massage is even
riner. w If the patient has taken these
movements until she is all in'a, glow she
will need an oil bath, i Not a water one.
you understand, but a real bust bath of
oil. In which a great deal of fat, vegetable
a.nd animal. Is rubbed into her skin.
so that the cream is kneaded in, n^t with
force, but gently.
You will be .surprised to find how much
cream you can rub in, working in this
way'. You can absorb or rub in a handful
in fifteen minutes, for the heat of the
hand keeps the cream soft and the skin,
with its ojien pores., dries it • readily.
Can you golf? Do you get an oppor
tunity to play tennis? If so, you will
be us beautifully rounded as Venus, as
slender in the waist as one of her nymphs
and as full in the thigh as the volup
tuous creatures whose loveliness shat
tered the peace of early Rome. Look at
the golf champions! Miss Hecker. MI33
Hoyt— and aH the rest.
If 'you will doubt this, look at some
other specimens of womanhood. Go where
professional models are employed; take a
look at the wonderful curves of those
women whose graces serve as a pattern
for statuary; study the curves of the
women of the stage, and see If if is Im
possible to attain such. ;- ."; --
No; what woman ha3 done, woman can
do. And you may be the first woman of
your acquaintance to gain a good figure
Practice steadily for a month, and see
how quickly your figure will change. Per
haps there may be some one defect that
is not mentioned in your beauty talk
But if th«»re is. you can perhaps study
cut the remedy.
Do not be flat-busted, for it is death
to all symmetry of form and to all grace
of movement, and. certainly death to
that namelessness which we call style.
If ycu take the proper exercises, the
liftings, the stretchings, the tendings and
the curvings; if you walk and run in the
open air freely, •your fat will dispose itself
in the proper spots, just where nature in
terded !t should.
- But to such fears one may say begone.
They will prove to be mere nightmares,
not substantiated by the realities of the
day. ¦
layer* "of faau>Oo.r 10 the wrong place;
below the belt instead of above it; in the
chin instead of into the bust; on the
cheeks and hips, everywhere except the
p.atiL^ desired. The dread of this keeps
many a woman in a starving condition.
She xnU not eat .what she needs.
way of making a pretty girl out ora
plain one. . ' •>' t'- > '-¦' '¦¦¦
"Oh, my! is that actually you?" said a
pale, red-haired girl to' a plump, dark
haired one who sat .beside her in the
streetcar. - ' • " ¦
"Yes, it's me," with a cheerful dis
regard for grammar.
"But • you've changed so! "Why, you're
— ycu're ' actually getting pretty. * You
used to be so thin, and 1 you didn!t have
such | an ; awfully good complexion * as
you've got now, and you used to have
such a^ melancholy expression. "What has
happened?",.-/^'; ,-;i ; -"-¦"::¦ .-.'.¦:.- .;,',¦ \.Vv'- ¦'¦".¦"
u "Why, I've jbeen -taking the Internal
laughter cure.7;-" '."{-.;•
li'iWhat^in' the^world is that?" /'.
r£"It's* the best tonic'I ever tried, and
the ;best (Complexion^ beautlfler..- in the
world. : ;Th'ls'~isCth l e'! way'bf -it.\.You stand
up-- very erect,., with toes, turned" out, and
hips and " shoulders ; thrown' back, and
your hands on your, hips. When you get
the "right position 1 you part I the lips
power and thereby developing a healthy
«chest. I
When the chest and breast are lifted
and expanded the. sagging, weeping- wil
low lines of the face 'disappear. There
"fore laugh a little every day. v Laugh and
live long and keep young. \'
The greatest benefactor of the century
is that periodical which not long ago
opened a smiling contest through its col
umns and offered prizes for smiles.
Every one who could make the first
semblance of a smile hastened to the
photographer's to smile for the contest.
Men and women who had forgotten how
to smile stood before their mirrors and
practiced. Men who met each other on
the street paused long, enough to say.
"Let us smile," and disappeared behind
glass doors. Each contestant smiled \ for
the pure joy of smiling. Giggles and
laughs counted as smiles, and a large
number of smirks and grins, masquerad-
is some one's advice, who adds, "tears
are positively beneficial." For one thing,
by the muscular exercise involved the
blood pressure to the brain is much re
duced; this would seem to make in
favor of what is known as "a good cry."
But let this good, cry be only occasional,
once a year say, or once in two years.
Feminine tears have rather gone out
of fashion, or fallen into disfavor. A
century ago It was different.
Heroines— then wept for hours and for
whole days; or even, on and off, for a
week, and all about trifles. They all cried
so. beautifully," too— slow crystal, tears
from reddened eyelids. It was charming
— in a novel. To have emotions may be
the fashion, and amusing enough, but
they ruin one's good looks. "No emotions,
no wrinkles," Is an old beauty recipe.
Smiles would seem to be preferable for
everyday life, for when the spirits ar»
serene and buoyant the body is not only
healthiest but most beautiful.
It is a sad fact that attractive color
ing. and a 'satiny, texture of skin mean
• infinitely more to .the ordinary run of
women than do '. the- stories" their faces
are weaving from "moods and
; and j habits. '
LJg • And . how. ' short-sighted ¦ this preference
| is ! It seems to be forgotten that as the
; years go by the facial architecture alone
will remain intact— that the tints must
somewhat "fade. Let us bear in mind the
fact' that the face is a , fair temple ¦ of
which we* are the builders. •
. The American feminine countenance
happily is. one that leans toward smiles,
; and Is there, not cause for ¦ a smiling
complacency in the demonstrated facts
- that^ American -.women are the • best
dressed as well as the -most" independ
ent and probleni-f ree ; of- all women? To
have the righ^i'things on one's body
and the wrong things off -one's mind is
v certainly to.be as happy as it Is possible
for womankind • to be:-
The internal laughter cure is another
slightly and then laugh Internally, and
laugh and laugh, as though you were
hearing the. most amusing thing In the
world, or that you ¦ had fallen heir to
millions, which would be' the most
amusing thing in the world would It
not? "Well, you take this cure when
you first get up in the morning, the last
thing at night, and as often as you can
during the, day. it will give you a flna
appetite and a complexion that is the
envy of all the girls— in fact," she added,
with a' sly look, "it might make a pretty
girl of you in two months or less.
"Your complexion would begin to clear
right away^ and the color to come; your
hair would stop coming out, and new hair
would begin to come in, and even your
rival would have to acknowledge that you
showed symptoms of growing good look
ing—if not a positive beauty."
"I will . try it and perhaps turn out
a raving beauty in no time." r '
The reason the internal laughter cure
improves one's looks is that it improves
the circulation. by stimulating it. sending
the blood bounding through the veins.
This is the benefit of all laughter if
hearty enough; it causes deeper inspira
tions, calling into active use every part of
the lungs, favoring an Increase of lung
Ing as smiles, were sent In. Every mall
brought bunches of smiles. .
The contest was a gay challenge to pes
simists In general and on a par with the
prescription of the doctor who makes a
specialty of nervous disorders. To his
half a hundred or more melanchaly pa
tients this is the prescription;
"Keep the corners of your mouth turned
up and you can't feel blue." The direc
tions for taking are: "Smile— keep on
smiling— don't stop smiling." (The doc
tor treats his patients to medicine when
necessary, but when the case is one of
pure melancholy, without bodily ill. he
simply recommends the smile cure. He
has the patient remain in his office and
smile, If it is not the genuine article it
must, at least, be an upward curvature
of the corners of the mouth, and the
better feelings follow inevitably. It
takes considerable patience to induce
some of the patients to apply the cure,
and, of course, the greater number of
patients are women, for when a man is
blue . he is bound to be blue, in spite of
everything, but a woman- is more easily
persuaded to try to find a cure.
"We must not forget, however, that
there is something to be said for crying
it has its uses.
"Cry and improve your circulation.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
THE BEAUTY QUEST
HOW TO BE HEALTHY AND STRONGBrilllantirie and poplinette of the 1 wash
variety are all used for the waves, and
there are a number 'of light weight
woolens, besides serge, that are recom
mended. Bldck is the poorest of all, un
less one selects black flannel, which is al
ways good,, and holds Its color well.
-Very closely allied to the bathing dress
proper is'the gown which one Twears upon
the beach when one goes down to see the
bathers. ', This . must, • to withstand ' the
spatterings, be of (nearly the same mate
rial as the ¦ bathing dress, though , it need
not be made" like It. Curiously enough,
the dress that : is ¦ made .for the beach is
¦usually very long and very. modish in cut,
and not i at all ' like the : rainy day - skirt,
nor 'even : the pedestrian. It •' is sweep
One yard of white wash silk, tied
around the head and knotted at one side,
will. look very well indeed, and will cover
up the oilskin cap.' This is '.the style of
head covering adopted by fashionable
women, and' they find .that it is even
more chic than the French bathing cap,
which is a bag with a ruffle around it,
like a smoking cap. ¦/•.", . ¦
All for the Water. '
The unbecomingness of the oil skin cap
may be, overcome in other ways than the
sun bonnet. . The bandanna 'of white sITk
Is a becoming thing to*wear upon -the
head. , ¦ '
becoming to the figure and make the short
girl who essays to go in bathing look a
flttlo" taller.. . •;.• ,-¦•-'
New Traveling , Dresses.
Then,. too, the style of skirt is open to
ln the weave, of Very. fancy mesh, and
often of three or four -shades of straw,
all combined In one pretty: shape, they
commend themselves to the '• woman who
wishes to keep -up appearances from the
beginning of summer to the? end thereof.
The hopelessly, bedraggled look that
"afflicts one's entire wardrobe, after ' one
has spent a few days 'at -the shore,' will
not be so apparent if the summer ward
robe, be well chosen. '. . ' r
In the ! ready-to-wear.- straws there are
many that have a flat top of straw, trim
med with straw leaves. The brim is in
fancy straws, also leaf trimmed. "The
only trimming needed is a 1 straw pom
pon, or a few straw ornaments. If pre
ferred; a large bow of wired ribbon can
beworn.or a few hardy velvet roses oi
the non-spottable kind.
It is really possible to make a very nice
seashore selection and it is well worth
one's while to give the matter study be
fore buying. . '; .
Traveling dresses are to be almost or
nate for the_orthodox ideas of good form
The severity of the tailored gown Is lack-
Ing,'' but In its, place has come a gown so
pretty that one doea not regret tho
change. Beautiful" black silk, with bro
caded figures, looking very much like rich
brocaded silk,, but being in reality a cloth,
with a silky texture, is made up Into a
traveling gown of approved type. .
Thougrh, speaking of corsets, it may be
Bald that the bathing corset is a good
thing. It is maVJe of plain white canvas
with a few bones In it and a good stout
lace at the back, which may or may not
be. tied tightly. It holds up the figure,
supports the back, and. If one Is accus
tomed to a corset, it is better on than off.
The dire backache and the lassitude
vnlch follow sea bathing can frequently
be traced to the fact that the bather takes
off her support and then takes the most
violent exercise of her life, battling with
the waves of the deep sea. There come
• bathing corsets this year in many shades
of pink and blue, yellow and florid goods.
The bathing dress of the season can be
made of flannel— if you like flannel. It Is
always fashionable. This material now
conies with a. (smooth surface, a sort of
mercerized finish and is the best of a.,
bathing etufls, if you can wear such a
heavy garment. :
Your Bathing Suit.
Flannel, you must remember, absorbs
the water and becomes like lead after a
few minutes In the waves. It Is good for
the practical swimmer who stays under
the water. But for the girl who disports
In the waves awhile, then comes ashore
and races on the sand, it is not ro goou,
for It is too heavy. For those who have
rheumatism or kindred ailments or who
are reducing, it is the stuff ideal and for
the long-distance swimmer.
There is a cashmere which comes this
year for bathing suits. It is light yet
f nrm, and has been shrunk. It is very soft
' and will answer p.lso for a sand suit.
A eand suit is one in which the wearer
lies on the shore, digs In the beach and
does everything but tjo into the water.
Wash&ble silk Is the ideal sand suit ma
terial, and can be exquisitely made up.
Last year the pretty maiden of "Floro
dora" had sand suits of wash silk, in blue
and in red, in black and in white. And
In these they went to Manhattan Beach
and defied the Johnnies to mash them.
The suits were made up with knickers a
little longer than the skirt, which was
very short, indeed. .
The bathing dress has knickerbockers
under it, but it is not considered just the
¦proper thing to have them show. There
be these who like to show the trousers,
but, as a rule, you will fino" that this is
not liked at the seashore, nor is it correct
when cycling. There is something too
suggestive about the trouser to please all.
The new bathing suits in serge show
beautiful effects. Many of them are
trimmed with a very light weight serge of
quite a different color, to make a sharp
contrast.
A suit now being made for Newport—
for the season begins early this year
shows the regulation shade of navy blue
~-«erge, trimmed with a wide band of coffee
serge.
This band is four inches wide if an
Inch, and is put on in a sort-of classic de
sign. Beginning at the belt, it runs down
one side of the skirt in a panel. Then It
turns^squarcly ayd extends upward half-
THE bathing girl will be found very
near the water this season. By ber
g-own you can see that she is a sea
girl of the practical order and will
feel the waves when she goes out to
f swim.
Her drees is on the utility style, made of
non-shrinkable, non-fadable, non-hurtable
material and it is constructed on free and
easy lines that make a corset unneces
sary.
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
.'A '-suit that will be seen at Cape May
early in the season Is made : of deep red
flannel and trimmed with a wide band of
~- A Cape May Suit.
Bathing dresses will be trimmed with
bands of cloth, cut from the piece, and
finished without ' turning in or stlching.
Often a raw edge will show all along, the
border of the band, but this is no harm.
edge, to make a baggy portion. The whole
is now treated to" a deep ruffle. Strings
should ornament the ohin and another
set of strings should tie at the back, thus
giving, the bonnet ..its proper shape. The.
making of the summer sunbonnet is now
one of the most fashionable of piazza di
versions. . . .
It is the fashion to stripe the skirts of
bathing dresses -with bands of s.-«k, dou
bled .' and put < on from the waist down
ward.- One quite- pretty suit shows in
calor a very deep seal brown. It is striped
with bands of pale tan-colored ribbon that
extend from the - belt I right . down to - the
bottom of : the; skirt, looking. like .stripe 1 !
material."- These striped skirts, are- very
. Skirts will ,be worn very short and will
be extremely full, like the skirt
of " a ballet •; dancer . just a little, though
one forgets the suggestion when ¦ one no
tices the plainness of tne material and tho
demureness of 'the coloring. '.. . -
white flannel, put on perfectly straight
around the bottom of the skirt, just above
the hem. There is nothing remarkable
about the band, except that it is stitched
on in many rows very close together, to
make the skirt set out. . .
The back' consists merely of a soft
round piece, shirred around the outside
The sunbonnet girl of summer will soon
be here/ but of all the varieties of . sun
bonnet girls none is prettier or more at
tractive than the one who wears her
stiffly starched bonnet to the seashore
and takes it to the beach with her when
she troes bathing. .
To make a sunbonnet Is not difficult,
xake enough cotton material, which may
be plain or printed, to go over the head.
It must not quite meet under the chin.
Cut this piece j in oblong shape, with
square corners, and line it and stitch It,
trimming it as you please with tucks or
ruffles.
ihe two young women to wjiom It is
given the credit of having started the
sunbonnets as a summer girl ornament
and article of. wearing apparel are Doro
thy Whitney and Giadys Vanderbllt.
The sunbonnet is quite an ideal thing
for the bathing girl. True, she cannot go
into the water with it on, but she can
wear it; over her oilskin cap; arid when
she gets ready for her plunge she can
take off the bonnet and lay It on the
sands. Once out of the water she can
put it on again. It affords a protection
from the sun and Is immensely becoming
to a pretty face. '
The sunbonnet girl will be seen at the
seashore. She will wear a little bonnet of
lawn, beautifully white or gently pink,
and the front or brim will be of stlffene'd
muslin, corded and stitched to make it
keep its shape. Into the back or baggy
crown her hair will be bundled.
Two Sunbonnets.
The open worked stockings, black, are
to be worn In bathing and the slip-stltch
and open stripes. All sorts of stockings,
thin enough to display the flesh color,
will be ,worn and the vogue for. them
will be even greater than it was last
season.
Where stockings. only are worn without
shoes a little innocent deception is prac
ticed. Soles, the heavy insole variety, are
passed Inside the stocking to form a sup
port and protection for the- feet. Into
these my lady puts her dainty foot and
the effect is very delicate and pretty. She
is standing in her daintily neat silk stock
ings upon the pebbly beach, but she does
not suffer from the pebbles, though no
one can understand her intrepidity as she
runs over the sands stocking- footed.
The bottom of the sandal Is a heavy felt
sole, a little larger than the foot, so as to
protect each toe. .Then white satin rib
bon or heavy white braid is banded
around the foot and ankle until the san
dal is made fast to the foot. There is a
distinct knack In sandal making which
must be practiced before one can become
an expert.
The white sandal will be popular. This
is a classic covering for the feet and is
worn over the black silk stocking.
Mrs. Varf Rensselaer Cruger is expected
at Newport this summer. This literary
bather defies the breakers in black silk,
trimmed with white.
A bathing suit, also intended for New
port, is for a widow in her weeds. It is
in rough serge, to look like a deep mourn
ing color. Then around the bottom of the
skirt comes a wonderful trimming of
white serge, light weight. A strip of serge
six inches wide is passed around the skirt
and knotted at frequent intervals yto
break the plain band. Around the waist
is a jelt of serge, which hangs down at
one side like a Highlander's sash.
Mrs. Cruger's Bathing Suit.
way to the skirt, making a curiously In
complete figure.
¦HEE BATHING SUIT, THOUGH MUCH TRIMMED, -IS
II ABE FOB. THE WATER, AND HEE TRAVELING AND MOUN
TAIN DEESSES SHOW THAT 1HEY ARE FOB, REAL WEAR.
GLADYS VANDERBILT AND --WILLIAM C. WHITNEY'S
DAUGHTER AS SUNBONNET GIRLS — MRS. VAN RENSSE
LAER CRUGER'S BATHING SUIT— MISS LEITER'S SUMMER
DANCE GOWNS AND OTHERS .
The olive " green and the bronze silks
"are ¦"in." also, and a whole gown of silk
is '• a3 fashionable as it was whSn- every
bride traveled in a seal brown or an olive
green silk. ' , ¦ >»
The foulards leave nothing at all to be
desired. There is no last word i'or them.
Always one word more can be said and
In that word another chapter can be add
ed. They come In all the new patterns
and certainly in all the new colors, and
the- foulard summer gown will hold a
high place in the wardrobe. One can pay
as higb\ as $150 this minute for a lace
trimmed foulard at any of the fashion
able establishments.
Of course you will say something de
pends on the lace. And so It does.
MW^BHHgtSgjMUKBC|BMHBM|H^^l
The skirt waa very long, and the wear
er somehow had a quaint style, as though
the gown . were . borrowed from an old
trunk stored away, to grow rusty and
dusty in -the days when seal brown and
brown silks of, all hues were worn.
Shirt Waist Silks.
( It\!s very Interesting to note 'the
that come for shirt waists. They/.'^re
called fancy silks and by thait. simple
name many of the most elegant tJf+-£fto
season's, goods are found.
The uncertain -figure with a gro3 grain
background is the favorite. ' The wide
weave ottoman silk also makes up well
and all the corded silks. Moire and miroir
effects are, more than charming, and all
of these wear better than taffeta; «o
much better that one loses one's liking
for, the taffeta. wh\ch slits so easily. .
Tet whole taffeta dresses are being
made up for spring wear. A leather col
ored taffeta, in a dark shade, was made
up in very fashionable design, with a
basque with a little frill . around the
waist, and with a skirt with three ruf
fles around the foot, one above the other,
each a little narrower than the one below
it. - . -:•••¦ ¦ •-,.
The newest chalhes ar£- nt torank with
the louisine prints and are extremely
decorative in all ways/ They 'are more
subdued In tone than the-ltfuteinea and
not always so flowery, thotrgh in certain
grades of challies it ; ,is hard' to tell challi«
from the empire stuffs, even to the little
wreath which has found its way Into this
goods.
The waist may be finished with a stiff
elastic, which Is, after all. the best way
to finish a blouse' waist. A strong hook
holds it in the front. If a different finish
is desired, the Russian blouse can be
belted and finished in rront with a big
buckle. ¦¦¦' • • - ¦
The Russian fancy for wearing a blouse
as a coat is a growing one. The mus tn
or silk shirt waist is worn by the summer
girl. But over it there is slipped a silk
blouse, which buttons down the front
and ties at the low square neck with a
big satin ribbon bow.
The new blouse sleeve Is very baggy
between the elbow and the wrist, wn»le
at the wrist it is brought in and fitted tnr
a very tight, small, narrow cuff. The
contrast between the bagginess of ths
lower arm and the tight cuff is very pro
nounced and pretty.
The blouse is cut rounding in the necK
to show the pretty lace chemisette, or it
is xnt square^ and finishtd with a sailor
coflar. It is a very becoming thing, and
cuii be wcrn for traveling, or for after
nocn. for it is adapted to a wide variety
of uses.
The blouse of the minute la the black
silk blouse with very large tiowera in »t-
This is the Dolly Varden. The black ma
terial is either silk or satin and the flow
ers are vtry brilliant, but not very large.
The blouse girdle is pulled down in front
and fastened with a pretty pin, while the
back is rolled as small and as round as
possible, the object being to secure length
»n front and that smart look at the bacii
which is necessary, if one would be well
gowned.
New Ideas.
New Ideas are as plentiful as spring
flowers. A very new thing is the hou^e
belt. This consists of a wide girdle of
blucic satin. It is fastened with a brilliant
buckle, which is hooked at one aide.
Upon the other side there Is another
buckle to match. The idea is that wich
a blouse waist, all basajy in front, th-;
buckle is .hidden and the proper place for
it. therefore. Is upon the side.
The challie as a dancing gown is gain
ing recognition. The loveiy and fashion
able Countess Cassini of Washington has
half a dozen pretty spring challies made
up with taffeta for dancing; all are Ion;;
and all on the order known as fluffy.
Scrne are lace trimmed, others chiffon
flounced.
One description will suffice. A gown of
turquoise blue French broadcloth was
maae with the closest of skirts and a
waist that showed a very pretty blouse
effect.
The chemisette was in geranium colored
silk and there were cuiis. turn over in
shape, of geranium. Around the foot
there was a- I flare flounce in the tur
quoise blue cloth, headed with a stitcueil
band of geranium, -while geranium lined
the flounce. ¦
A hat of burnt straw was trimmed with
geranium flowers and blue bows. At' the
belt was worn a cnou of blue and tan
and turquoise, but the belt proper con
sisted of a wide band of blacK satin.
• The Koosevetts are to spend tne sum
mer at their country place at Oyster Bay.
on Long Island, -and 'their- example 'wi!l
be followed -by many society folK, who
will flee to the country instead of to E<
rope. ;-..-.
.*Country living will be the fad and the
summer gowns will be built for house
parties and outdoor amusements of all
kinds and for small dances.
For summer wear there is a combina
tion that la struggling for recognition. It
has the indorsement of our French cous
ins, but! is not yet folly liked here. H
is that of mixing geranium red and ligla
turquoise blue in such a manner and so
freely that whole costumes are in theje
two colors.
It is time to get ready the traveling
suit, for the outing days are here. Things
have come to such a pass now that one
can take a vacation at any time an=l
find one's self in fashionable company;
and there are summer resort3 in winter
and winter resorts in summer. The Alas
ka trip, which Is the one called for in the
very hot months, demands wools and
zibelines. One take3 the Alaska trip in
summer and a south of France trip in
winter, and the. traveling dress can l>e
made up in any season.
» . Summer Colors.
criticism from the old-time view, for it
is very long. A so-called Newport trav
eling gown ia in black brocaded cloth,
witb sweeping train and very plain. It
id cut perfectly plain, and a shirt
waist is to be worn with it. For a coat,
there is a blouse of black satin cloth,
very full and loose and with a de^p
pallor collar.
Another style of traveling dress is cut
on the pedestrian order, with Bkirt of
ankle leneth, and blouse waist. It is
trimmed with stitched bands of black
cloth, the suit Itself being castor gray.
With the gray and black there must be
a touch of scarlet, which is provided in
the brilliant velvet pompon which trims
the tailored hat.
The mountain suit is worn for travel
ing, and, if it be ctf gray, can be used as
a general utility, gown by the woman
who does not want to be burdened with
too many suits of this kind. Its skirt
is too snug for cycling, but for traveling
purposes and out-of-door expeditions of
all kinds one suit can be made to 3o
duty.
A general utility suit of this variety Is
in nickel gray cloth, trimmed with blue.
There is a fold of black silk along each
edge of the blue band to set off the blue
and. to hold It from the gray. This really
makes a very nice trimming, and can be
recommended aa one which comes from
Paris. Black 'braid bordered with a fold
of light blue looks very well upon gray.
"White braid, silky and lustrous, can be
edged with poppy-colored red and used
to trim brown and some shades of dark
blue. There is a color scheme in all the
traveling gowns, and one must not ba
blind to it.
Rsadv-to-Wear Hats.
There are a great many ready-to-wear
straw hats that are exactly .adapted to
the seashore. Made of satin straw, op^n
Another excellent beach hat has a top
covered with very dark green rose leaves.
The brim is edged with tiny roses and
there is a bunch of them directly at the
back of the hat where it is turned up.
Leaves of the rose are set hack of the
roses, and there is a wilderness of them.
So inexpensive is the small silk bolero
that you can have one of ptaln. white taf
leta, tucked or stitched, and one of black,
lined with white. The navy blue satin
one is not 'an expensive article and the
tan colored liberty s.lk bolero is so use
ful to wear with the shirt waist for
traveling and street occasions that you
will find you can hardly do without It.
The high-priced shops are carrying the
black boleros and making the other colors
as ordered. Mis9 Daisy Leitef has coats,
! all fitted and of a bright color.
The seashore hat is a thing not to be
omitted in seashore considerations. It
must be trimmed, not with perishable
material, but with silk. Velvet and flow
ers that will not wilt. Fruits and vegeta
' blcs are worn upon the seashore hat.
And bunches. of grapes are very pretty,
upon hats of purple and green.
A hat that was made in London for a
New York woman shows a top entirely
of geranium leaves, in many shades of
green, varying from very light to very
dark, and taking in deep brown, russet
and pinkish green leaves. The geranium
leaf is a very pretty one and adapts itself
nicely to covering the top of the hat.
Around the brim there is a border of
geranium flowers, bright, lovely red, all
made of velvet 'and calculated to with
stand any weather. This, is a flower hat,
but not of the flamboyant kind. It is
adapted for wearing with a summer, shirt
waist and will go well with any shade of
cotton goods.
Little Summer. Coats.
The short jacket will soon be on the
scene. Fcr a little time it is the long
cioak; then will come . the -abbreviated
article. It will resemble in general style
the bolero of last year, but will differ in
some, small peculiarities.
One of the distinctive features of the
new bolero Is Its color, iou can recall
that last year It was ' black and tucked
ahd worn open In front and very short,
like a cut-off Eton, vf
This "year it is- to be in white and in
blue, in urown "and green, any color ex
cept black, and it will be the. fad to have
not one, but several, to wear with the dif
ferent shirt waists. ¦ '
length, snug in the hips, flare around
the foot, and worn with a very up to the
season shirt waist. A little silk jacket
goes with it, to be slipped on or off.
9
THE SPRING OUTING GIRLIn his own native garments the little Jap
Jappie is picturesque and pleasing, . but
who that have seen him in American
clothes i two or three sizes too large or
too small, and,, his pretty almond-eyed
women, in crinkled shirt waist, badly
hanging skirt and unbecoming hat of in
harmonious colors, can help deploring the
change? When the recc-ip'ts of the garden
began to, feel the effect of the objection
to Americanized Japanese the Park Com
missioners' decided on the orientalizing
process. 1
On Sundays there are nine Japanese em
ployed in the garden. Three of them are
a mother and her two daughters/ one a
one of the
Most
. popular* •
Features oF
the
AiTdw?ntep
1 Fat y to
Be Iliftlif ell
American design and finish when the
price of the delicacies was recorded to
completely dispel the Illusion. The trans
formation was complete. The Japanese
Tea Garden was. Japanese in little more
than name only. - <
When the Park 'Commissioners, follow
ing out their policy of municipal control
of all park privileges, decided a few
months ago -to run the , Japanese Tea
Oarden , themselves," they took . careful
note of the changed . spirit of the place.
girl of about 12 years old, the other a fas
cinating, plump little miss of sweet six
teen,'who have lived In the ginger, bread
house and served tea and wafers in the
tiny structure' over the 'fish pond ever
since the, Midwinter Fair, when they were
brought direct from Japan for just that
purpose. In striped, kimonos, with the
It Is computed that the men directly
concerned in the Northern SecuritieV^
Company, which, with its $400,000,000 capi
tal, is the second largest corporation ever
formed, represent more than 110,000 mile*
of railway and more than $5,000,000,0001
kobi strapped on oemurely behind, they
ornament the grounds as much a^ the
plants, the flowers, the stunted trees, the
goldfish, the miniature bridge, or any
of the other accessories peculiarly Orien
tal that were brought to embellish thi3
bit of the Flowery Kingdom on American
soil. Indeed, of all the rest they aloue
seem real.
The other six are men who have found
their native garb incompatible .with the
American prosperity they are enjoying;
but three weeks ago the Park Commis
sioners made a formal order that they
must return to their Japanese dress whila
serving, on Sundays, at least, or seetffc
employment elsewhere. The commands '
did not please the little Jap Jappie in the
least. Besides, being expensive, he point
ed 01A that the kimono of his ancestors
is a very inconvenient garment, because
the sleeves are so long that they ax©
constantly in his way. But there was no
appeal from the commission's ruling, and
so the first step in the orientalizing of the
garden was finally taken.
The next will be to increase the size of
the grounds by an acre or two, making
the garden about three acres in all, and
beautify it with new buildings, larger -fl3h
ponds and new and rarer plants. When
the change is made the garden will ex
tend almost to the foot of the slops
leading up to Stow Lake on the south*
and west and to the north driveway on
the north. ' :': "y.
In a natural basin that lies behind tho
present site a chain of tiny lakes will be
found, with water flowing from Stow
Lake through the length of the garden
and thence across the south driveway
and back to the pumping station whence
it comes.
On an artificial knoll to the south of
the lakes" a Japanese temple, dedicated
to the great Buddha, a contribution of the
tea merchants of the city, will be built.
It will be completely surrounded and al
most half hidden in Japanese foliage, and
from it a Japanese stairway will lead
down to the lakes.
On another h!gh knoll, to the north of
the lakes a new and larger teahouse wi!JV „
be built. It will be thoroughly Japanese/ *
in every detail. This new structure will
have a setting of Japanese dwarf trees,
cherry groves and flowering plum ef
fects, while on each side of the steps
leading down to the lakes will be beds
of iris. Near the new teahouse an arbor
of westaria will also be constructed.
The -new addition? are intended solely
to extend the present garden, which will
remain undisturbed except for some Im
provements in, the present teahouse.
When these changes have been made and
all the attendants are attired in bright
new vari-colored kimonos the oriental
izing of the Japanese Tea Garden will bo
complete. Just at present there is no
prettier scene in the whole park than the
sight of the dainty little sixteen-year-old
Japanese maid and her wee sister seated
on the bridge over the lake and throwing
food to the storks tha]t stand sedately
on one leg In the water, enjoying a feast
of plenty, in the midst of true Oriental
calm and tranquillity.
TRANGE as it may seem, in the
>Oy Park Comriissioners' new plans to
V J thoroughly orientalize the Japa-
nese Tea Garden, the little Jap
Jappie himself has proved to be
the greatest obstacle. He does not
want to be orientalized. He insists that it
costs too much. Having renounced the
dr<?ss and customs of his own native land
fr>r bright American dollars, he protests
with true Oriental tenacity of purpose,
albeit with unvarying suavity, against
what he regards as a piece of Yankee
extravagance.
American clothing Is cheap. For seven
dollars the little Jap Jappie 'can get a full
suit of fashionable cut. in the very latest
patterns— whereas the kimonos of his an
cestor? — even cheap ones — cost nearly fifty
dollars apiece. The difference in price rep
resents the lesson he has learned in finan
cial economy 6ince coming to Uncle Sam's
realms, and this lesson was the basis of
hit objection to being orientalized again
according to the Park Commissioners'
new ruling.
The Japanese Tea Garden was one of the
most popular features of the Midwinter
Fair. It was like a bit of fairyland trans
ported by some traditional genii direct
from the Flowery Kingdom, and from trie
very first settled itself down in the park
with that air of mysticism, of tranquillity
and permanence so characteristic of the
Orient through all the ages.
Everj thlrg, from the stunted cedar trees
over one hundred years old. still growing
in flower pots, to the huge Chinese carp
that crowd the goldfish in the tiny water
holes dignified as a chain of lakes had tne
perverted proportions so dearly beloved
of the little brown man from over »he
fea. Indeed in everything, from the pa
goda-like entrance to the little circular
bridge that looks like a half-submerged
cartwheel minus the spokes, with an arch
bo low that the long-lepged storks cannot
walk under it without stooping, the tea
garden was an exact reproduction of the
Mikadcland In miniature.
It all seemed as unreal as the painted
Christmas trees in a box cf childrens 1 toys,
but when the stately glory of the Midwin
ter Fair was toppled into debris and
carted away. ' the Japanese Tea Garden
remained undisturbed as a matter of
course. Just as the playthings of a patted
child are allowed to litter the floor of
the nursery without let or hindrance.
Then the garden was leased to. a local
Importer of Oriental curios and works of
art. and the little Jap Jappie began the
Americanization of himself, and the en
tprprise he represented, in thorough earn
est. Where before had been stolid little
men with complexions of bronze ana close
cropped hair and sandaled feet, wearing
richly embroidered robes with 'long flow
ing sleeves, while, with calm impurtabil
ity. they served delicious tea and crisp
wafers that pleases the palate without
satisfying the appetite of the curious cus
tomers, dapper little gentlemen appeared
dressed a la mode in neat-fitting American
clfthei, with starched shirts and collars
and cuffs and neckwear of the latest ap
proved pattern to match.
With the romance of the garden strong
upon one. the newly acquired brisk busi
ness-like attitude of these once dreamy
looking attendants came as a shock of
surprise. They Jarred upon the harmony
of the whole like a blatant discord in a
sweetly phrased symphony. it needed
only the jangling ring of the bell in the
polished metal cash register of modern
THE SUNDAY CALL;
10
TO ORIENTALIZE THE JAPANESE GARDENthe few of us left to tell the tale."
So spoke Captain F. H. Schoeffel of the
Ninth Infantry, who has just arrived in
San Francisco rrom the 'Philippines. .'. tie
is a. modest man, • this" gallant six-footer,
who routed overpowering numbers ' of Fll-
t The ear,', it ha3 been discovered, grows
even In ' the later decades of life. We get
old and shrivel up and decrease In stature,'
but -the. ear still grows. A woman witli
small ears at 20 probably will have me
dlum-siaed ears at 40 and large ears at
50. Again, It is stated, aa the result of
the examination of the 40,000 pairs of ears,
that probably no person In the world has
ears perfectly matched. In most people
the two ears differ perceptibly not only in
shape. . but in size. " Frequently they are
not placed on the? -head at exactly the
same angle, or at the same height.
< It' is declared by. those who have devoted
their time and abilities to the study j>t
ears that . the ; age of a person can be
judged by them with great accuracy by
an expert. After ¦ youth Is past 10 ears
assume an Increased-, form ¦ and gives the
clew to the age of the owner of the ears,
if one Is able to read the signs correctly,
which, fortunately,', few people are. Nor
deau, Lombroso and that .crowd lay great
stress upon the" ear as an Indication of
character; yet some of tne best men we
meet have outrageous ears, while almost
everybody can recall some bold," bad man
of his acquaintance who has small, well
formed and well-placed -ears, v
Big Ears That Grow.
<ipj? MOST discouraging fact for people
// \Y with big ears, or, in fact, for people
l[~~~~^ with any ears at alfc has been dis
covered by " the systematic exami
nation of over 40,000 pairs of ears in Eng
land and France. It. has been discovered
that the ear never stops growing while Its
owner is alive. , So people with big ears
in youth may expect to '.. have regular
"flappers" in old age, and the dainty miss
with . the . seashell appendages on either
side of her head may expect the ears to
which her lovers now write sonnets to be- J
come large and prominent when she is a
grandmother. .But she won't care! so
much- then, which is one consolation; all
her lovers will be dead or married, and
there will be only, the children to remark,
"What big ears granny has got!" Granny,
who used . to have the little ' pink sea
shells. ~ v 3fflHB!SRflte:/
]T was the fight of a minute! But that
minute was a terrific one and crowd
ed with the bloody stress of war.
Just three of us marching along the
narrow hillside trail in single file—
with fingers on the triggers. As always,
expectant and watchful.
"An old Filipino stalked in advance— a
friendly scout looking for the spear traps.
Suddenly he granted and fell in his
tracks. A bolo had pierced him! The cor
poral yelled *Goo-goos!'
"A second, and the ambush of the tall
cougan grass was alive with the glint of
bolos wielded by 140 Filipinos.
"The guns cracked wildly and the
knives slashed and hewed.
"No one felt them then, but at the end
of that hot minute, aided by the eleven
men who had hurried up to us from the
rear, we had killed thirty-seven of the
wUa-eyed crew.
"When we counted our own, four lay
dead In the grass and four more fatally
wwxnded. Wounds also fell to the lot of
ipinos 'with: a" band of fifteen couriigeous
men. v ; It is not extravagant ; to . call •; hirii'
,'both a hero and a lucky!man. ! 'It was not'
a rair ttgnt in an: open field,, this .'tragic
tight of -a. minute in the island of Samar,
arid', the : captain;is i wearing 1 crutches as a
see-. Dap-Dap and the stretch of ; country
lying between.'; Some distance" below? the
crest of- this thtll ¦was a narrow. ridge con
necting with another narrow, ridge be-
many' of them native i scouts,: by.' boats ; to
a place called V Dap-Dap, ¦"; while I," with
eighteen men" of Company E, : Ninth . Ia
faritrVl arid one or two native scouts, .went.
byboats also to'a' place' called :-Talinga, •
at ; the)headVof : : a 'bayVsome miles lin'^the
rear:of the; first namedplace. My. idea 'jin..
sending out the first party was to act as a
sort of, a blind to attract the attention of .
the'Goo-goosi: was after. .Lang .with his •
men had orders to remain in Dap-Dap un-
tilil'came up. Itdid not fall, for when
we 'divided ; and parted, we could' hear, the
bamboo ; horns, which ; the natives • blow
from:, hill ;to' hill when '. they \ think 'th^y ;
have' signs of : an! enemy. But my party.
left ; those" sounds behind- and 'got over the
hills arid into. the country where! I thought:
myUprey was without ; atartlrig -. up'- any'
horns; in / our vicinity." We advanced . till
about fane and a half , or two ¦ miles' f rqm "
the ¦¦-. pla]ce 'where • Lang < was waiting, : and
then "I f rorn - the • crest of a < hlir we I saw
smoke from the fires he had lighted ' to at T •
tract attention. ,' We knew he was all .
right,;! for! he was near the boats— right
on" the . shore. ; ..We • knew if ' the . Filipinos
had rifles, which'they.donot know the' ex
pert "use of r in -that 'Section, and are very
much afraid '¦ of losing,^. that ithey would
not'attackhlmlthere.butwouldWalt un
til got him In 'the jungle and!;then:
ewoopj down upon him with bolo. men. I
left three '¦ men jri, charge .of the boats
¦when '.-". we - left .them, . and : ,had v in going
through- the ! hills fifteen riien" and \ a few
' friendly.; riatives to' act ;' as bearers.'.^I fdi
vided; the party up, .withHhreei men arid
myselfas advance guard.
:"ItVwas! nearly 8 a. m. '.when'.we reached
i. the ' crest of a . hill, whence • -we could
"result of it. More; than ihat, it is possi
ble that lWjnay be crippled for 'life! His
left foot and limb are 'entirely paralyzed"
from the. severing, of the sciatic nerve" by
a bolo, thrust. Two operations at Manila?,
did not result favorably and the handsome",
young officer inhere on waiting ; orders at
the. Presidio hospital." • He ; hopes ; soon to"
be: ordered to Washington, for treatment,
and then to Johns Hopkins - in Baltimore, .
for another: operation, which* will consist *"
of bringing' the nerve together and sewing
it.":This'may restore to him* the use of his
foot and limb. He is anxious ,to get East .
for/other reasons also,. for at his home in
Rochester, N. v Y., . are wife and . children!
eager for, the sight of; their brave soldier. ,'
'Though Captain Schoeffel tries:.', to: re- ;
count the ¦ story of the fight in '. the most
impersonal .way; possible, the fact .remains .
that bravery and courage were the most
eminent qualities in the ', makeup" of the
band of sixteen men; who fought for life,
arid America In the' islands of Samar on
the [ mofnlrig'of December 24, 1901. • :
¦ '"To begin .with," said Captain Schoeffel,
"I was stationed; about a year \ ago" at
Taragnan,; on the west coast of 'Samar,
near, the Gandare River section. Lasf fall -
I had been' for; some time, trying :to cap-:
ture. an influential -Filipino, one of ; Luk-;
bands' most active agents. Lha'd sent out "
several parties' of soldiers . to hunt for him
in ? the tidal 'swamps. ; . I ;had > sent with
:them native scouts .who know -weir these
swamps with their, houses on stilts.' ..They, ;
were": not successful, 'further than getting
into several i brushes: with the; Filipinos •
that did' not result in much damage. Fi
nally,' I 'laid,' a ': littlVseheme to. corral the •
nianand his followers that I wanted, with '
rifles, -f'..- ! ¦ • ¦:?,;-^z : - ; '¦¦'-¦:'¦:'¦¦ .
. .'"Early on the morningjof December 24 I
sent^ Lieutenant ' Lang, with eighteen men,
yond, . making : what 'we call ' In California
a sort of hogback. This ridge and .the
slopes that we descended toward it N w«re
covered with tall grass.. This is called
cougan . grass by. the natives, and Is'.so.
thick: that you can't see into it as far as
two feet from you. Stretches of this dense
grass .- are - called -by the Filipinos Vcou
ganalles.' On this, slope the trail nar
rowed to about a foot in width, making
it impossible for the men. to move other •
than in single file. *
¦"The/firstman on the trail.in our little
advance guard was our faithful old Fill - "-.
pin6;scout, who knew the \ country, ' every
inch of it, well. He was on' the lookout
at eVery tree for a .bamboo • spear trap.
These people have an unpleasant way of
bending ."over a tree branch and fastening
it '¦ down with a sharp-pointed bamboo
spear in such a hidden .way that whea
the unwary soldier steps on it it will fly
up and pierce him through. The old fel
low was facing this danger in lieu of bur
selves, and we were following him very
cautiously, with magazines loaded' and.
fingers on the . triggers. In the jungles, of
the ._ Philippines surprises 'and Goo-goos
are sometimes thicker than reaves. Sud
denly the scout gave a quick, deep grunt
and 'fell forward on his face. A bolo had
gone through , him, and when we reached
him . his intestines were protruding. He
was carried a little to one side, and
strange to say, he lived. ¦ He had not
fallen before the corporal yelled ; 'Goo
goos!' In less than a second the cougan
grass .'was literally alive with their
brandished bolos and the. air danced with
waves of red sashes and caps." On their
cotton . shirts were cabalistic figures,
which marked them as members of the
fanatical religious society, which has its ,
seat in Samar, known as the Dios-Dios.
"Then they came for us.^We couH see -
nothing :else in front and on either side
but : a "sea of knives, for they had no
rifles..
"In fact, we could see nothing but a sea
of fury, and the tall grass was a chaos
of slashing, shooting. and stabbing.
"Our men who turned to fire on one side
were stabbed in the back. It seems to me
there was not a word spoken on either
side. Death and the desire for life were
the only forces in that silent buttle.
There, rwras "no ..time : 't6-* aim, so weused
the "magazines. When they empty
we clubbed the^ muskets • and slashed for :
the . red- -cap .. of a Goo-goo or* his bare
head. As" soon as the firing began my
eleven men;, who were a short distance !n
the rear,- started -to; our assistance. They
' had to fight' their way through the fiends
In .the thick, \ tall' grass, into which the
blood "was settling, and only three of them
; reached" us unhurt. With- just the group
of us I . do not know . how we repulsed
the 'bolomen,. cutting and hacking at us
1 and jumping like; cats to" get away, as is
their habit! ¦ '"-.".¦'
"When the skirmish started I was armed
only "with" my pistol, and that wasn't
drawn. A mad bolomah , started for me
and I had nothing tojneet him with. My
knowledge , of boxing icame in play, and
just ; as he reached j me I side-stepped
him, -so to speak. He. sank- to his .knees
.on. the trail -and "I drew my revolver and
shot him in the chest, as' I thought, kill
ing him. , ¦ . -
• '-'At the same second three of them came
at* v me on the; other side, with knives
raised. "• One of. them dropped on . his
knees and made' a dive af my chest. I
parried' and -poured hot_ shot into them
with the pistol and two of them" fell.
The Mother one .ran .away, pursued by a
friendly scout, a native.':
"I; was fighting mad, but I remember
that . I ' saw . the ; f ace of ; the man whom
1 thought ; I', had j killed « peer ¦ up at me . as
I turned. He was. not dead and his bolo
flashed as ¦ h,e sunk ¦ back and crawled or
dragged himself away through* the grass.
He had stabbed me twice in the back,
but I , did not feel it in the fierce blood
thirsty s ; tension .of the fight. I did hot
know then that - 1 had been touched, but
one thrust- went in' deep. In the lower part
of my back and the other struck me un
der I the ; shoulder blade.
"I fought on unconsciously, and when
my revolver-was, empty ..I. saw one of my
own men, now so pitifully few, lying at
my; feet..:' He was conscious, .but "he had ;
been v stabbed near [ the "heart, and death
was not far distant.. I reached for his gun
and belt and took them. Then, with th^
help of the* few men left, some' friendly
natives ; and our bearers, who had simply
sunk into the grass from fright when the
fight began, .we fought like demons, and
saw. the remaining bolomen turn and run.
Or, rather, they seemed, to sink into the.
tall -grass whence they'; came. In the
fiercest" of the fight. Corporal Russell
'tripped and! fell on his back. A* his legs^
flew -up a'boloman gave him a slashing V
wound. But he raised his arm : as he lay >
and : shot .! the Filipino . dead. ."
.' '.'I ; must ' speak of the devotion of the
friendly natives who ¦ were with us and
those.who came: to us. ; There were three
or [four of " them .armed with ¦ bolos wb.3
janiiclpated in the fljjat. One - of then;
Lot in close quarters w.'ihone'of the:op
posing bolomen, and; affer the battle was .
ever they were -found, at the. bottom of
the slope, where they": had ; roiled, clinched
in ': each r other's; arms "and both dead.
"Seeing a' clear "space" I went back to
help iny. wounded. I can never forget the
courage and ¦fortitude" which the little
band" with 'me displayed, on that Cnrist-;
rr.as eve.'! -The morrow brought a sad
Christmas- to all. , I 'fired signal shots,
for". Lang to; come" to my assistance at
once, " and then ; in " the .lull;, fraught with
dread : of ' another attack, with the help
; of - some . natives we collected the wounded
and "dead!; what guns we could find and
;jut •¦ them ' in the ; circular \ space we - had
cut iii' the «,i*s:t.' : It "waa'a sjrrv; gather
ing. "We" tried io '.- prepare for -another
rush, which fortunately "did not come. We
THE HOTTEST ONE MINUTE FIGHT ON RECORD IN THE PHILIPPINES
'.'I had gone through : that same grass
hundreds of times before, and I never
went through but I thought if few or
many of us were ever "caught In that spot
•we were gone. But that fight of a minute
scattered that thought forever. None of
us that lived through that fight will ever
forget It." '
"Samar has a fine climate on the coast,
but it is the worst section of the Philip
pines for military operations. The towns
are all on the coast, with the exception
of a few that are up the rivers. The peo-'
pie of Samar and Gandar are Yisayans,
and of a lower order than those of Luzon.
They are much more ignorant and super
stitious, and consequently much more
dangerous as a foe. The Dios-Dios society
is, led usually by some renegade priest or
hermit In whom ~ the natives have confi
dence. These leaders work up the natives
to the belief that they can impart to them
through selling them certain books or
prayers the quality of being invisible and
Impervious to the attack of their foes In
battle/ Imbued with this superstition, the
Visayans fight an J die like Turks or other
Oriental fanatics. It was a gang of that
sort that we struck on the morning of
December 24, 1901. It made me think of
life on the plains and the' sudden at
tack of hidden savages.
"But, all the same, our Krag magazine
guns, six shots to a man, did pretty good
work in as fierce a fight as ever took
place on the island of Samar. The men
in Lieutenant Wallace's camp had a hard
fight last October, when eighty-nine na
tives were killed, with eleven Americans
killed and nine wounded. But the odds in
our "fight were fearfully against us.
"The following were wounded and re
covered, or nearly so: Corporal Russell,
Private Bradley, Private McPherson and
Private Bonnycastle, who was a ftill
blood Indian and who was only saved
from instant, dealh through the stab of a
bolo by' the . of his cartridge
belt. Private ;Oark had just joined the
company, after twenty-one years*, service
in other regiments. He was killed in his
first fight with us. My wound, or one of
them that disabled me, turned out to be
pretty . serious— a sttaight-in jab of about
one and a half inches. , Dr. Calhoun at
first thought it did, not amount to much,
and I thought so, too.
"Some of those who were wounded died
later. Private died while waiting for
the arrival of Lieutenant Lang. • Private
Clark died on the way to the boats, and
Private Bedford passed away in the hos
pital at Tanagnan, two hours after reach
ing there.- The death. of Private Claxton
occurred on Christmas day.
"Then we had time to find out about
our destruction among the .140 of the
enemy: We fifteen had killed thirty
seven "of them certainly, besides numbers
of them found afterward out in the' hills,
where they had fallen from loss of blood.
Our friendly natives found fifteen bodies
on the. slope of the ridge while making
stretchers. But our small force had suf
fered proportionately, and the wonder 13
that any of us survived. Four of our gal
lant American boys were killed in that
fight, which I am almost sure was over
in the space of a moment. " They were
Sergeant Swlsher, Corporal Gaughn. Pri
vate Weippert, and a fourth whose name
I cannot recall, but it belonged to a brave
soldier.
."The arrival of Lang and his men was
more than welcome, for we could not by
our own make a move to get out
cf the tall grass. They at once went to
work and ¦ cut down saplings and made
stretchers on which to carry the wound
ed men. down to the boats. • I was among
the number,' for my wounds had made me
ill ami famt. It was an awful trail, and
we all had to be tied to the stretchers.
The dead were carried on j the natives'
backs,/ and it made the most grewsome
sight I ever saw. Blood flowed all over,
the trail. We got back in our boats to
Tanagnan, where Dr. Calhoun, the post
surgeon, dressed all wounds.
bound up the badly wounded men as well
as we could with our first aid packages.
"Lieutenant Lang answered iny signals, -
so I knew he would soon be with us. As
he did not find us immediately I sent
friendly natives armed with bolos 'taken
f 10m our dead enemies to bring him to
me. It was an hour and a half, . ancl It
.seemed a very long time, before he reached
us. !-' In the meantime I was speculating
on the cause of the ambusn. The trail
on which we were attacked vra<J the only
one leading out of Dap-Dap. Having
seer, the smoke of Lang's fires, as we had
expected, they had supposed he would
come up that way and had hidden In the
grass, prepared to massacre his band.
when B©ys
BoTp far\ oF
11
; THE-'.SlJiVDAY- 'As I Saw It
J. J.IMcIntyre, a well known San Fran
ciscan and prominent . member of the
George H. . Thomas Post of the/ G. A. ' RI',
is' the author of a. book of short stories
published under the. title, ' "As I Saw. It."
Mr. ¦ Mclntyre writes under ' the pen j name
cf . Harvey Argyle./ Six stories make up
the contents of the* present book, and the
matter is so varied with' dashes of humor
and bits, of pathos thaf the' reading is
quite enjoyable from beginning ! to end.
Mr. Jlclntyre does'not strain, after lit
erary effect. He has, his etory to' te>l and
he goes about it with a directness '^qulte
delight ful in these days of padded 'writ
ing. His first sketch is probably, drawn
from his ' own ; : personal experiences or
those of his friends in the War. of ! the
Rebellion— "Incidents of the Civil War
in MissourL" The anecdotes 1 that he < In
troduces are given with, a life "and color
¦ most convincing and entertaining,. and 1
the genial , humor of practical /joked
among the soldiers is; varied by "an ac
count of the clever ruse of a: Northern
The Alasko-Cahadian; Frontier.
A very valuable and interesting paper
that was read before the Franklin "insti
tute; at its annual meeting; by .Thomas :
Willing Balch on January 15, 1902/ has
been reprinted S in permanent book' form
"by the press of Allen,'- Lane : &" Scott- of
Philadelphia: 1 This is a monograph on: the
'Alasko-Canadlan frontier,, and (establishes ;
beyond the question'of a doubt the rights
of the Americans over the claims of .the
British. Mr. Balch has so condensed "his
matter that to reproduce i any. .'without
giving. the whole of the paper.wduljl.prob
ably result 'in! a'-, misunderstanding of the
.question. The reprodiictlon'of many maps'
and charts: adds much by way of. f illUT
mlnatihg/the text and simplifying the
proper understanding' of /the ' boundary
/dispute.' ; " :' -\ : r -''-' r .,' f :'/ ;•""*¦.'. ; -
- He goes Into the historical side of; the
. affair from ; the ¦ time when Russia was" the
i' owner of; Alaska V and' .negotiated .with '
• England the boundary treaty of }825. -vTljls ;
treaty | he analyzes " at length" and adduces ,
numerous acts ot the English and Canadi-}
/an governments which. tend to support the
/allegation of a; previous recognition /on
;¦¦-.¦ The Moral . Lo.-wr. ¦; :. ! . .
. '."The, Moral'Law: or. the Theory , and
Practice of Duty,": by Edward John Ham-"
.ilton,"- D. J ; : D.,/ is. the.; work ( of one ;accuE
'.tomed to impa rt : instruction; ; : It is I
; clearly j and : sirnply, and abounds : in lllus
trations. / I!ach'-; chapter ./is divided :) into".
sectlons/andrjs'.preceded V>y a full, synop- .
sis, and . there is : a good intl^x ' at ', the . end?.;
• But' we'have'here^someih^ngmore than a
textbook.; We : find tin /this treatise a -re- .
sta tementv of :.every. i '. specific ;"doctrine' 1 of •¦
i ethics and a new conception of t)ie univer-
"sal principle' of ,'morality;.".."
Dr. Hamilton; perceived 1 five) competitive.
doctrines j soliciting hig adherence.'- ; Flr'et,
.utilitnrianism,\which;/ might -be.; better.
,' named. bonltarianism,' since it asserts good'
/or/ welfare -rather,' than, mere?;utlllty7,fobq'
;the fuhdamental /end ;of : duty.s'Secohdly, «
.perfectionism," according, to which :the ¦ de r .
veloprrient ."of /siiirltual 'excellence,' 'or : of.
!'the ., triio \ self,", ' is .. the .essential . aim?; of. 1
virtuous j effort. 1 ..' .Thirdly,- motivlty'; ethics,';
•which /teaches } tha t the ' nioral /ultimate i is j
the \ dominance' either; of conscience- or, "of .
Jove :; over • our ./other '.motive i/^ tendencies.:
- FourtTily,:: authority ' ethics, /"according to
• which J the rules : of "duty /'are /simply the ¦
(commands'; of Go cl,- or,' it may bcr^the per
rnr.uent- and important, requirements'- of '
} Mary Gar vinl
> "Mary. 1 Garvln, ¦ the * Story of /; a V New*.
Hampshire Summer,',' : is : a novel by Fred
Lewis Pattee, with the setting, of a coun
try, village; with its cross-rpad' store,., its ".'
mill i its ' lake;and; its/ back-porch philoso
phers/ j Mary.Garvin is a.wholesome, true-^
hearted farmer'.? daughter.'/whose love for^
an ; educated /man j leads . her, also to aspire -
¦toward. education and culture. ' Herawak-'
ening i3 ' sudden— caused by ; the ' advent 'of /
' a dainty city/woman— and 'brjngs with it
an'i uplift to the whole community. • .
¦Orie bf;the mbst'intcrestlng/characters Is
Joel, Green.^ the .farm-Hand.'; who* is. primed
with an inexhaustible aupplj T . of laugh-,
able- stories;, pungent; pWlosophy arid dry
¦ wit.' : V .-¦•': :.-; :. ¦ -- i ; •'-. ' :/:", : •/ j ;.
.- . The -material /.for the, romance: was
drawn 'direct/ from life. :. The story is new*
. and V as '-quietly.; charming •'',• as ".its. 'New •
¦Hampshire fields ;and- hills/: Published by •
' Thomas ,'vY.'- Crowell .& ' Co., New York.-
i $1 so. ¦ - ' -'• ' ; ; s ./;-¦: : . . • .
Cosmos Pictures.
The Cosmos Pictures Company of New
York • are supplying ' a S long felt .want of
excellent pictures at small 'prices. Their
photographic reproductions of ancient and
modern works of J. art, judging from the
samples sent ! us,, compare most - favorably
with actual photographs and should prove
valuable as. educators or; In colfections.
Any one may obtain a special group, ac
cording to the. schools in which; he is in
terested.' : ;~: Thus", one ' series is .devoted to
the; Venetians,: another 1 to Raphael's Ma
donnas, another to Millet, another, to an
tique sculpture,* another to Mr.': Sargent's
decorations in the Boston Public Library,
another to English cathedrals, ~ and so
through a long list that is entirely. coverM
by a fully illustrated catalogue of a very
wide range." ; The company ;are\ certainly
producing 3 splendid examples of modern
hig-hly; developed^ process work, and at a
twentieth. the- cost -of alphotngraph. Their
catalogue' can. be had by addressing the
Cosmos^ Picture Company, 296 Broadway,
Books Received.
AS I SAW IT— By Harvey Argyle. Home
Publishing Co.. San Francisco.
THE NEXT GREAT AWAKENDJG-By Jo
siah Strong. The Baker & Taylor Co Ntfw
York. 75 cents.
¦ THE BATTLEGROUND-By Ellen Glasgow
Doubleday, Page & Co.. New York. $1 50.
THE LEOPARD'S SPOTS — By Thotna*
Dixon Jr. Doubleday, Page & Co.. New York.
THE SIN OF JASPER STANDISH— R. F-
Fenno & Co., New York. $1 25.
WINDOWS FOR SERMONS— By Loois Al
bert Banks. Funk & Wagnalls Co.. New York
?1 20. r
TRAINING THE CHURCH OF THE FU
TURE — By Francis E. Clark. D.D. Funk A
"Wag-nails Co., Xew York. 75 cents
THE MOTHER OF THE CATOsl-By Rich
ard Voss. The Neely Co., New York.
THE MAN WHO PLEASES AND THE WO
MAN WHO FASCINATES-By John A. Cone
F. Tennyson Neely. New. York. 75 cents
THE LADY PARAMOUNT— By Henry Har
land.. John Lane, ¦ New York. • $1 50.
RAGTIME PHILOSOPHY — By Fred W
Stowell. The San Francisco News Co. Cloth
$1. paper 50 cents. -
MORE EX-TANK TALES-By Clarence
Louis" Cullen.v J. S. Ogilvie Publishing Co
New York. $1. ' -. -.-•i '•' , • /*
THE REWARDS OF TASTE— By Norman
Bridge. M. D. Herbert S. Stone & Co.. Chi
cago. ,
THE CARPENTER ' PROPHET-By Charles
W. Pearson.. Herberts. Stone ft Co Chi'-aso
THE .CRIMSON WING— By H. C." Chatflelrj
Taylor. . Herbert S. Stone & Co Chicatro
WHAT A WOMAX OF ' A7> OUGHT ' TO
KNOW— By Mr* Emma F...An?ell Drake :.t
D. • The Vir Publishing Co.. Phihidelphia ' *t
THE LOVER'S, PROGRESS— TolJ by Him
self. Krtntano's. New York. $1 r.it.
JOSE— Translatart from the orlKlr.a) af \
Palacio Vald.e 3 . by Minna Caroline Smith B-en
tano's. New York. $125.
sent to have a small book of his stories
printed. These have been highly praised
for the work of 'one so young,; and met
with .great success, and there :has_ been
a demand for the book that threatens to
exhaust the edition. . ' -" ¦ . : . .
' -Young Lotz comes of, a family that Is
noted in art and literature.;. His aunt,
Matilda j Lotz, is : one of the greatest liv
ing animal painters, being, now in Eu
rope, where her-, work: is attracting great
attention, and his' maternal grandmother,
Mrs. Elizabeth Cross . .Peckham /of Los
Angeles,^ is -an. authoress of; note, her
poetic and prose contributions having
been published in' many- of theleading
papers. , She ¦ ha's also published /a series
of descriptive articles of the State under
the title of "Glimpses of California."
y Cyril's early- venture into the.:- literary
'field is ; the result of a natural Inclination
for this kind of work, and ; for; the past
'tvjb years he has declared. that",he in
tends to become a. great author: His first
work, surely.' shows -he is' on. the '..right
path:/. He '. is more 1 than ! mentally/, bright,
and his work indicates a ready fund of
v topics ; and ..vivid imagination /to /draw
upon/-. ¦ ¦ ¦'¦ - "y. ' ¦'¦ ; ¦ . . ' : / '• .
In i his book ".Stories for- cyiildren" arc
stories entitled ''The/ Magic Arrowhead,"
"Courageous > Robert," ' "The ( Mysterious
Ring,"' "Harry and; the ' Indians," 1,"Rub
bers' April. Fool" ! and* "Andree and,' th^
North Pole." The lastrtwo are remark
ably good for. a boy.; Two or thre'eofthe
stories in the book are modern^ fairy tales,'
and .the others ;ire sketches .; of *¦ boy life.
They ; are all interesting to children of his
own . age. Some of the , tales 'were ¦written '
two years ,'ago.'.' when-, he | had just com
menced his school life. • " i . '¦. '' .-:".:
Superintendent " of ¦fc'chpols .Chipman,
who; has reviewed the ,.'book;\states that
the stories would ; be -a .'„ helji , In -the lower
classes of the schools, a3 .substitute'read
ers. They are easily, understood -and, en
joyed by young children.: ' '
¦ ¦"¦¦•¦-' ¦ : V r i '¦ ¦ ¦ " '.-• ¦'¦¦ '¦'- - . : \V'r>:'-\ ' ':•¦' ¦' . '.' ¦-• ;
tion.'ahd itrefioebs nosmall credit on its
.'Philadelphia author as an example of
• diligent collation and illuminjhg 1 gtate
ment.. • ¦ : :*'.' '. ¦'.:¦/ ¦:.¦.... • ; ¦;' ';
/•yAN JOSE has a literary prodigy in .
\q. Cyril Clyde Lotz, a 12-year-old boy.
y^| With but a dozen years of his life
f^_jJ rounded ' out he has already from
K the press a book of stories that
contain much merit. This pamphlet of,
"Stories for Children" has been issued in
an author's edition of 500 copies. ... It is
made up of six stories, covering forty
three, pages. ... .' ¦ . . : ¦¦ ¦/;¦•
CyrilLotz, the young author, Is the son
of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Lotz, . his. father
being the well-known ' County Treasurer. ¦
He is a native son, having been, born in;
Sin Jose in 1889. The boy does not look
his age, being rather delicate. , He has
been a pupil at the Washburn Schoolfor
the past three years^
This lad wjth a literary bent Is just like
other boys, with .. the , exception '_ that he
would rather write stories than engage
in the usual pastimes of his companions.
While the more rugged boys of the neigh
borhood have gone .off to play, ball Cyril 1
has been known to sit down and put into
story the doings • of an imaginary game
of ball.' If his parents did not insist: that'
he take exercise he, would do .nothing. else '
but stay in his study. and write- stories.
For tho past three years, or ever since he
has been going^ to school, he-has, been a
lover of literature, and has been'; con
stantly grinding out boyish stories. Many
of ¦ these have been printed in the daily. '
papers, and this j encouraged ' hihi."- Hardly
a day passes that^ is not marked; by, a
fairy tale or a story, of boyish pranks,
and some of this work has been done in
bed when he .was; too ill to go' to. school.'.
He is wrapped up in his. work, and'noth
ing in. tho way of a subject .is .ever al
lowed to escape.- He. has' attended school '
but three years, yet with this , v meager
tuition he , has ' a ; marvelous , store : of "
: knowledge, especially of. current and his
torical events. In -English he,, always
leads his class. After long";; and/ hard
teasing he lately secured his parents' coh-
ending.. The character 'drawing; of .'the
little darky jockeyj who saves the.day is
very cleverly done 'and tho interest in the
narrative" is well '-sustained '-.until 'the
climax that holds the Reader In a state 'of
expectancy^ Is reached on : the last_page.
Eiackie arranged the railway ties in the
shape cf a triangle and Benny curled up on
tbe ground in the corner and was soon asleep.
There' was a look of peace and contentment in
his face as he -lay there, sueh as the road
seldom exposes. "The poor-lltttle greeny."
tht tramp muttered, and then rolled himself
up into a ball and "pounded his ear," also. !
"The Little Brother" is published by the
Century Company, New York. Price $1 50.
Whist.
. The latest and by far the most com
plete edition to whist literature is now
before the public— "The Principles and
Practice of ¦ Whis,t," by Lennard Leigh
and Ernest Bergholt. - It is a thorough
compilation of the vt;ry best things on
whist and. will go far to fill a long left
want in whist literature. #
The topics are made so clear that thu
beginner as well sis the more advanced
student can read understanding^.
Lennard Leigh is well known as the
editor of Whist Opinion, and. the burden
of the work has fallen on his shoulders.
Ernest Bergholt Is one of the most prom
inent whist problem composers in the
world and is the whist editor. of Field,
and has now the position held by Caven
dish for so many- years. A. chapter is
contributed by W. H. Whltfleld, a" whist
mathematician and analyst of great
ability.
In this volume the different subjects are
under' classified heads; "the" problems and
Illustrations are well defined in black and
white; they represent a table, and four
players;- the card . holding the trick is
marked by a dash. . y
.The notes followir.3 each play make th<>
soundness of the p".ay clear to the reader.
The subitct of American leads : is fully
explained; also after leads, discard, trump
plays and the combination game are gone
Into thoroughly. In addition seventy-five
critical endings. are given, with their so
lutions. All topics are treated in a mas
terly way, teiug made clear to the begin
ner as well as tc the more advanced
player..
The old leads are taken up in. the be
ginning for this purpose.
As the author views It the old leads are
simpler and more readily learned and put
into, practice by the beginner than the
later system of .American. leads.
The new American Iead3 are, however,
glvon later on v.ith supplementary illus
trations. .. . ' « .
As an appendixes given the text of the
laws . of duplicate ' whist as . revised and
adopted at the third American Whist
Congress in 1893 and the lawe of duplicate
whist as amended and adopted rat the
tenth annual -American Whist Congress,
held at Niagara Falls in 1900.
The volume contains over five hundred
jmRes and Is bound in cloth. . (Published
by Henry T. Coates & Co. of Philadelphia
1'a. Price «1 50 net.)
Windows for Sermons.
. Louis Albert Banks. D. D., Is the author
of a book recently published by Funk &/
Wugnalls. Company of New York, under
the title of "Windows for Sermons," that
should prove a great help to the clergy
man'or public speaker seeking for -an apt
illustration of some. point .that he desires
especially to emphasize. In the first part
of his book he gives a study of the art
of sermonic illustration* The bulk of^the
volume is given to a choice collection j of
modern illustrations, well calculated to
furnish features for pulpit arrows. They
"are ' drawn from many sources, evidently
culled from the author's current read
ing • of . - books and :•. papers', : and from
his observation of current movements and
events./. -Used with / discriminating judg-'
ment in the adaptation; they could not
fail to'give a modern flavor, to v the preach
er's, discourse. ; ..." ;
• A closing section of the: book- contains
a;- shorter'^collection of illustrations espe
cially for. the use of/ temperance and re
form speakers, most of them graphic and
applicable. "The book 'is conveniently in
dexed. Price $120. : ; " v
Angelot.
In "Angelot.V by Eleanor C. Price, the
story is laid in France at the time when
the conqueror Napoleon is endeavoring to
j fasten his' Imperial' ideas upon the whole
people; and when, among the stiff-necked
Chouans rebellion awaits only the season
able time to burst' forth. Napoleon himself
¦does not appear in the story, but; his spirit
of domination is present in the person of a
general/ risen from the people, who wishes
to ¦•'wed -the daughter ! of an old, -aristo
cratic 1 family, ' and who seeks to enforce
his wishes through a decree, of . the Em
peror. . -5 But;, he' meets with,, a . continual
stumbling-block in the. person of the
who -desires the maiden
also for himself.' This clash of.militarlsm
with. sentiment is' the motif of the book,'
giving rise- to a pleasing story, with just
, enough adventure in it to keep th< atten
tion .riveted, but not written primarily
for adventure's sake. The dwellers of the
countryside — noble and jjj peasant — are
.' sketched /clearly and sympathetically. The
animus of the time is outlined' dispassion
ately. ",• ¦'" ..;"';¦ ,;';¦'; ¦ - : '. ..
• 'Miss Price is an English woman who has
lived V several years' inV France, and \ has
thoroughly' acquired the 'native . attitude
.without losing. the foreign impartial spirit.
Published by. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.,
New York. Jl 50.:; .
Literary Notes.
.An' American book has just been
"crowned" In Parts, where the Societe
d'Anthropologie has awarded the Prix
Bertillon to Professor W.Z. Ripley's great
sociological work, "The Races of Eu
rope." published by D. Appleton & Co..\
whose list of peculiarly distinctive and
important scientific literature thus re
ceives another mark of recognition.
It-is -said that Richard Harding Davis*
hero, "Captain Macklin," now published
serially in Scribner's,^ was suggested to
him by a man who handed him a business
card on which was inscribed, "Prompter
of Revolutions." Mr. Davis considers him
one of. the most interesting characters he
ever met. The Captain Macklin . of the
story Is a young West Pointer, and in the
May number he reaches the army of rev
olutionists who are the beginning of his
marvelous' adventures.
The New Centaur for April comes in a
handsome lithographed cover, and* Is a
much larger issue than last month. This
is accounted for by a long article on the
Chicago automobile show, which was held
the first week in March. The magazine
opens with live full- page illustrations In
color of well-known . autoists, prominent
among whom may be mentioned J. Ogden
Armour of Chicago, in his automobile,
and Albert C. Bostwick. These pictures
have, special interest as showing different
types of machines in use by prominent
autoists. v . " ;
! There is . grim humor about the treat
ment to which- the Russian police nave
just subjected the. popular'— the too popu
lar—novelist, Maxime Gorky. Gorky was
traveling to Moscow, where the admiring
students of the university had arranged
a reception at the railway station, when
the police quietly uncoupled the carriage
at an intermediate station and sent it off.
with the novelist inside, "in the direction
of the Caucasus," while the Moscow train
was filled with police, who on its arrival
at its destination promptly dispersed the
assembled students. That Is the way they
do" things in Russia, and there is some
thing to be said for it. . ,'
Mr. Carnegie's new book, "The Empire
of 'Business,'* contains the results of his
long . business . career, which is certainly
more successful' and extraordinary than*
that of any other man In America. The
author ' has covered fully the important
points in business conduct and manage
ment, beginning with a young man's flrat
start, discussing the A, B, C of money,
capital and . labor, thrift, the ' winning of
a fortune and its spending, trusts, the.
Anglo-American trade relations, business
as a profession, the costs of living, rail
roads, steel-making, special education, the
tariff and many other subjects in a most
Interesting and forceful style. The busi
ness man who will . study one of these
books has an . invaluable possession.
Doubleday. Page & Co. of New York are
the publishers. . - -
' For those who shoot and fish there are
some rare good things in the. April Out
ing: "The Witchery of Wa-Wa," by Ed
wyn Sandys: "Fishing for Japanese Sam
lets in. the. Jewel River," by David Starr
Jordan; "Protective Instinct in Game,"
by A Lynn Tew Sprague; "The Man-ealer
of Seven Streams,"by Captain R. G. Bur
ton of the (Indian army; "The Elk of the
Pacific Coast," by T. S. Van Dyke; "The
; Bloodhound, the Harmless Hunter." by
Lillian C. Moeran, and "The First Trout
of the Season,"- by Reginald H. Johnson.
Mike Donovan, boxing instructor of the
New York Athletic Club, gives some
graphic lessons in bag-punching, and Leon
Vandervoort talks • entertainingly of
"Making. College Freshmen Strong." For
yachtsmen ¦ John Hyslop . tells of : "The
New ' Rule for Yacht * Measurement."
There are also the usual seasonable de
partments, and Caspar Whitney talks In
¦his : entertaining way ' in "The Sports
man's Viewpoint." ' ¦
"A Textbook of Insanity" is the title of
a work by Charles Mercier, lecturer on
insanity at the Westminster Hospital
Medical School and at the London Medi
cal School % for Women, which the Malznil
lan Company Is publishing. this week. It'
is an attempt to. put into a nandy form,'
for. students - the main' lines of the study
of insanity, free from descriptions "of il
lustrative cases which ; bulk so large in
most textbooks. . Part I co-htains "The In
stitutes of Insanity," Part II "The Forms
and of Insanity," Part III "The
Legal Relations of Insanity." The author
has written his book on the principle that
it is disorder of conduct that gives to in
sanity its whole 'significance. Disorder of
mind without disorder of conduct, ' if Jt
.were possible, would be unimportant; If it«
were important', it would be unrecosnlz- •
able; and thus' the, first essential to a
knowledge 'of "insanity is an enumeration
of the- main features of conduct, and of
the ways in which conduct may be dlsor-'
dered. ¦ , " . . .
, There is to be an American edition (pub
l lished .by the Putnams) of • "Chateau
briand's Mem-Mrs." as translated into
English by Alexander Teixeira de Mattos."
This work will be in- six volumes,, with
; inany ' illustrations' from contemporary
: sources, and Is the first thorough render
ing into our.lansuagc of the famous Me
'¦ moires D'Outre-Tombe.'
/;/lt Js remarkable .how many- events -of
world-history >; are "covered by., thl3' one
man's experience. 1 ;" ,'.
¦'"I. have: met." he says, "nearly, all th~»
men who in my time have : played a part,
great or small.; in ) my Jovrrir country .*or
: abroad;\; from ..Washington ' to Napoleon,
from : Louis : XVIII to. Alexander, from
1 Pius VII to Gregory XVI, from ¦ Fox,
Burke, Pitt,' :, : Sheridan, Londonderry,
Capo d'Istrlassto Malesherbes.' Mirabeau
I au'd the : rest ; from Nelson, Bolivar, Me
hemet. Pasha. of Egypt, to' Suffren, Bou
; gainvllle. La iPerouse.;Moreau.'* :
"J The^historical' Interest "and .value'of the
memoirs, : covering -eighty; years of a -life
'spent ' in 4he' midst' of the makers of his-"
.' tory, are . erformoiis.' ; But the greatest
charm of this monumental work lies, in the
Latin Composition.
A . book for i classes reading Caesar is
"Melllck's Latin. Composition," by Anna
Cole Mellick. and published by the Amer
ican; Book Company, New York. This
book is 'intended for. students' who are'
reading Caesar and using a Latin gram
mar for the first time. It aims to. fix in.
the mind some; of the simpler, construc
tions of nouns and verbs" as found in the
Commentaries, and consists of twenty
five -lessons, each Illustrating certain
grammatical principles; these being sys
tematically • arranged and graded accord
ing to .difficulty. Each lesson contains,
besides reference to standard grammars.
exercises for translating into. Latin, some
of these being intended for writing in
class without the aid of the grammar.
Price 40 cents. . v
Conduced, by
Ti HIS year Joslah Flynt gives us a
' novel which is none the less In
teresting and instructive in its way
than his work of: last year— "The
World of Graft." . -:The World of
Graft" was the result of his investigations
of police methods In large cities and of
the life of the -criminal element. Mr.
Flynt has been "tramping" and making
a special study of sociology ever since
his youih— you have only to read his
books to appreciate what a close student
he has been. The better to further his
purposes he has lived the life himself and
is frank In saying: VI have probably
seen all that I can of Hoboland withoat
everlastingly identifying myself with It.
and that I have no desire to do. I have
not been on a regular trip since 189S. At
the same time there comes sometimes in
the summer the feeling that I would like
again to dangle my legs out of the door
of a *side-door Pullman' and see the land
scape pass by."
His book this year,* "The Little Broth
er," is distinctly devoted tot tramp life,
and -with its blend of truth and romance
It will be found good reading. The story
Is not a pleasant one, yet it has the
peculiar fascination of revealing a phase
of life that is an absolute mystery to the
majority of us; the life of that abandoned
mortal, the vagrant of the road, who is
60 familiar as a type to us of the West
and yet whose ways of living and code
of ethics remain in such absolute dark
ness to any but the initiated.
"The Little Brother" is by no means
lacking in merit as a clever bit of fiction.
The ending of the story, that may appear
cruel to some, is softened by the bright
thread of a love affair which develops
from an apparently impossible solution
into an assured position of happy con
summation.
The main interest throughout centers
in the wanderings of "The Little Broth
er." a lad who has Inherited the "Wan
derlust" and who leaves his school and
home to travel over the country in search
of the Great Salt Lake, about which he
has heard eo much. It is the height of
his ambition to reach this magic body of
water where it is impossible to sink, and
where he can swim to his heart's delight
all day.
In Trampdom it is often customary for
the hobo to travel in company with some
boy that he has succeeded in decoying
from home; some lad who is a natural
• lunaway and one with the brightness that
r.drr.its cf training in' begging or pilfering.
A boy so decoyed becomes that tramp's
¦Prushun," an3 he is supposed to rustle
under the tramp's direction for food and
mosey enough for both of them.
Betray. "The Little Brother." on his
first day out falls in with an enterprising
loafer of this class and Is Immediately an-
:is a "Prushun."
"All that Trampdom know of the man*
was that his road 'name was» 'West Yir
j.iniii Eiackie.* that fie was an agreeable
companion at hangouts, and one of the
most successful 'snarers' and trainers of
tramp boys that hobo life has produced-."
Their travels and experiences afford the
main feature of the book, but underlying
it all and coming as a strong second in
the interest is a romance cleverly hold
ing the reader to the highest pitch of an
ticipation, and keeping its mystery well
hidden until the last pages.
One of the best parts., and quite char-,
acteristic of the whole, is that portion of .
the bock where Blackie Is engaged in the
delicate task of "snaring" his "Prushun"
by telling him "ghost stories." He fills
little Benny's ears with such marvelous
tales of all that they shall see and do
that it Is no wonder, the boy cannot re
sist such an alluring prospect and is" won
to cast his lot with that of the tramp.
The following dialogue may possibly
cast some light on the question of kid
naped or runaway boys and give a clew
to the reason for their taking the first ¦
step In the life of a hobo:
Benny was Introduced to the conventional
but always tantalizing "ghost stories" of his
first Joeker.
"But think of the lake and the Indiana,
Kid," Elackle remonstrated In reply to Benny's
remark about his sister. "Think what a fly
Ida you'll b« when you get back. You'll te
the boss of the town."
•"Will I?" Benny asked, half incredulously
and half proudly, bis eyee brightening at the~
allurtag prospect.
"Sure. You'll know so much that the other
klis'll just have to stand around and listen
when you chew the rag."
"And do you thlnk't I'll be able to throw
Jimmy Bverson when we wrestle?" the bey
asked, as If this accomplishment -were the am
bition of his life.
"Well, I should eay! Jimmy Ryerson won't
holfl a candle to you," Blackie went on. "And
you'll know how to jump trains, too. You'll
like that, won't yon?" . • .
"Betcher life. I ain't very rood at It now,
an", the boys laurn at me when- 1 etumble. Do
you think that I'll- get eo that I can put my
foot on the axle-box an' climb up the side
cf a cattle-ear, the way the men- at the tank
do?"
"Why, Kid. after •> while you'll get eo slick
that you can ri4e on the trucks and cook your
coffee In a. tomato can on a hot box. Think
of that!"
"Goodness! That'll make the boys open
their eyes, mm't It? Say, I tell you what I'll
do." *nd Benny fairly clapped his hands wilh
flee. "When. I get eo't I can do that, I'll
tell tH the boys to be at the station- some
day, an' I'll so up to the junction, catch the
fiyin' mail, an' go by Tonarga on the trucks,
drinkln' out o' the can. My, how the hoys' 11
ctcre. won't they? How bit will I have to be
•for* I can ride that way?"
"Oh. not very big. I've seen boyg smaller
society. And; finally, duty ethics, which
accepts • the dictates of moral I reason : as
not admitting, or as not '.needing.vanaly
sis, ';and which is? content with the-direc
tion. Do what is right 'just because it is
the right/ • • . ' : •-. .- . ¦' '. '¦' -;• .
•.After "Moral Actions," Professor Ham
ilton considers "Ends, or Final /Causes,"
a fu/idamental topic in ethics. ..In other
Chapters Vhe discusses "The -Moral Rea
son,": "Pleasure, Happiness and Good,".
"The -Moral Law," as; contrasted with
.other forms of law, and "The Conflict of
.Duties," wherein^the weaker rule gives
way to the stronger.. , In short, every car
dinal pqjnt Of ethical inquiry is ably han
. died: in this; new treatise. - Published by
' Funk & Wagnalls Company, New York.
Price! ?160.;.;:-; ';¦' ; : .;' ¦¦¦' ¦ ..'¦: '., -
The Webster Centennial.
- "The Proceedings of the Webster Cen
tennial of Dartmouth College," edited by
Ernest Martin Hopkins,. has been printed
under the l supervision of Homer .Eaton
Keyes, for the college. Dartmouth Col-j
lege: celebrated on September 24 and 25,
1901,'the one hundredth anniversary of the
graduation «f Daniel Webster. The cen-.
tennial a . commemoration ; of .Mr.
Webster's services, . not only to the ') col
lege,.but alsoto the nation. .For this rea-.
son ' it: was ( made a civic rather than an'
academic event, and thus the proceedings
became . of general interest. ; >
Kj The exercises i of this • celebration have
been published iii full in book form by the
' college. •>' The; speeches are of permanent
value and make the book necessary to the
students of Mr. Webster's life and period.'
Enough. time has passed to- make possible
the formation of a 'just estimate of Mr.
Webster as a statesman. Nothing is more
striking_ than r the unanimity of the ad
miration in which his- name is now held,
to which the words of Congressman Mc-
Call, ex-Governor Black, Senator Hoar,
Dr. Edward Everett Hale, the Honorable
William Everett,* Chief Justice- Fuller and
others : testified. , The book is for sale . by
Dartmouth 7 College, Hanover, N, H.
Price, $1 50. " - -
'their .part of" the -Russian, claim to. the
boundaries ¦ now contended'/' for [£ by . the
-United States a&sjhe purchaser of Alaska,
and reproduces ' In ' a ' • series ' of plates* eight -
i official maps "and charts which sustain the
American claim, y One of these he bought
in Gockspur streotlin London as late- as
the | summer I of 1901— a British | Admiralty^
chart published v in 1877 and corrected to
April,' 1898, and showing that" up to that
time the British : Admiralty itself agreed
with the. territorial claim advanced by the
.United States. Mr. Balch arrives emphat
ically, at. the conclusion that our J Govern
ment: should ' never accede to the Canadi
¦ an wish, v supported ; by England,' for t sub
mitting to arbitration a question in which
.the rights 'of this country, unchallenged
for half ' a.'centur'y, are : so . clearly mamV
fest from -both' the' [ historical and ' geo
graphical evidence, and likens it to a de
mand; such , as England might; make if
:> she-; were ..to advance a claim to sover
' eignty over the : port of • Baltimore , or .' the
coast 0 of Georgia and. then- propose' that
[ it j should be referred to j the judgment of
foreigners! The whole document is worthy
. of consultation by public, men; diploma
tists^ and writers, who would understand
the American sld*e of a case: which is
likely ..to. claim a- large share of i.. public
attention later on if there shall, not be a
recession" from the Anglo-Canadian posi-
M^lililIISlifSllfi»
spy in the service of his country-^a nar r
r'atlve-,by no means lacking in dramatic
situation- and breathless interest.: -;'
The second, sketch is a -touching -and
true incident of the Philippine trouble.
The. name, "The Story of a -Blood-Stained
Poem," gives the key to its character.
"A Story. of the Mines" is" peculiarly
Western In its flavor and quite character
istic of .life among the;- open-handed sons
of our mountainous and mining region?,'
and is written with, a zest. only, possible
in one who has the subject at his*, fingers'
ends and has been a close student of hu
man nature. : . ¦ ¦ ¦_ ; ¦'¦ > ¦ ; /..:
In "My First Sweetheart and Scenes of
My Childhood" the author goes back into
the days of the very early times — the pio
neer period of Ohio— -and paints a glowing
picture of its life and .customs. ¦¦;.'*•
"The Commercial . Traveler" is writton
in a vein of quaint humor quite original.
It tells of the remarkable experiences of
a young countryman who, tries, his hand
at .becoming a drummer and succeeds -far
beyond his expectations— in fact, • to the
lad's own mind' he is'making nothing but
a series of failures, when to his surprise
he finds that in the eyes of his firm he
has oeen a great success. '.- .
; The last sketch of the book, "A Horse
Race for a Wife in the Days of Slavery,";
is a very pretty ¦ romance with ' a happy .
v sion of large production and of combina
tions of producers. The book represents
the best thought of an acknowledged au
thority, as modified and adjusted to the.
latest social and political movements In
this country. Price $120.
exquisiteness of the style, which causes
it to be universally regarded as the fore
most of French prose classics.
The first number has come to ua of a
new publication by Manzi; Joyant & Co..
successors to Goupil & Co^ of Paris This
is a monthly' review of art exhibitions,
• private galleries, and museums, wilh
French and English text, published under
the title of "Les Arts." Judging from the.
excellencs of this Initial number "Les
Arts" should "prove most- acceptable in
every drawing-room, library or s^u'Uo,
for the connoisseur or the general reader.
Besides being a chronicle of the art move'
ments of the day, one of its chief object?
Is the reproduction and description of
many of the unpublished and compara
tively,unknown works of value and beau
ty to be found so plentifully in the pri
vate collections of all countries. Master
pieces long held in esteem are splendidly
reproduced in 'half-tone by highly devel
oped processes, . and the paper used and
the typography are of the best. The ar
ticles are wrftten by experts, and besides
being of great literary merit will prove of
practical assistance to the reader and stu
dent In art. The yearly subscription is $t>;
price per. copy 50 cents. The New York
agpncyof the magazine la located at 170
Fifth, avenue.
The May number of The Delineator is
the third of the great, spring Issues in
both fashion and literary features and is
the most notable of. the season. With
the many artistic designs for garments
for late spring wear come advance sum
mer fashions from the hands of eminent
designers, and in attractiveness these
styles ha-ve probably never been sur
passed. An article of especial interest at
this season Is on graduation dresses. The
chief literary' contribution is "The Edu
cational "Value of Some Recent Plays,"
written by Norman Hapgood, the cele
brated critic, and splendidly Illustrated.
Dr. Elliott's recollections of the child
Pattl, at the time of her first benefit,
make one of the most delightful paper3
in the series of '"Notable Women"; and
in a different vein Clara E. Laughlin tella
the stcry of the gifted Shelley's unfortu
nate marriage and its results. Two very
pictorial as well as practical subjects are
"Animal Photography," in which some
most interesting records of animal life
are presented directly from nature, and
"Basket-Ball," in the series of "Athletics
for Women." the fine pictures being made
from photographs from . pictures taken
during the play. For the children Lina
Beard introduces some new and interest
ing "Pastimes." The fiction is "The Hand
of Providence." by Luellen Teters, and
"The Tourney of Hunting Hill." by Har
riet Riddle Davis, both of which are beau
tifully illustrated.
In addition to the four novels previously
announced by Little, Brown & Co. ("The
Heroine of the Strait," by Mary Cath
erine Crowley; "In the Country God For
got," by Frances Charles; "In the Ea
gle's Talon," by Sheppard Stevens, and
"The God of Things," by Florence Brook*
Whitehouse), this Boston j publishing
house will bring out later in the spring
or early in the summer the following new
books:
!*A Girl of Virginia." A love story of
the University. By Lucy Meacham Thur
ston, author of "Mistress Brent." Illus
trated by Ch. Grunwald; $1 50.
"The Queen of Quelparte." By Archer
B. Hulbert. Illustrated by Winfield S.
Lukens; 12mo.; decorated cloth: $1 50.
"A Maid of Bar -Harbor." By Henri
etta G. Rowe. A charming story of Mount
Desert. Illustrated by Ellen W. Ahrens;
12mo.; decorated cloth; $150.
"Lafltte of Louisiana." By Mary Dev
ereux, author of "From Kingdom to Col
ony" and "Us and Down the Sands of
Gold." Illustrated by Harry C. Edwards;
5150. V-k\xT.
"Motor Cars." By Alfred Harmsworth,
Sir Henry Thompson and others. (Bad
minton Library of Sports and Pastimes*.)
Illustrated; crown 8vo; cloth, $3 50; half
Rcxburghe, $5.
"Wharf and Fleet: Ballads of Glou
cester Fishermen." By Clarence M. Fait.
With illustrations from photographs;
crown Svo.;. decorated cloth, » 50 net.
Also a novel by a powerful new Polish
¦writer, translated by Jeremiah Curtla,
whose English versions of Sienkiewlez'3
works are the authorized standard.
then ycu riding asleep on the trucks. Course
they'd learned how, but I'll teach you before
you know} iti".
"An" can I learn how to ride bareback with
the Indians?" Benny questioned, shifting the
subject, determined to make sure of ail the
ways in which he was going to be perfects
before making up his mind, which Blackio.
however, bad already made up for him, al
though-the boy did not and could. not know it.
'•Cert. And you'll learn how to shoot, too."
Blafklo replied, reassuringly. "Why. I've
been on trains out West when you could sit
in a boxcar and pick off Indians with your
rifle as easy as birds op the telegraph wire."
'•Say, but that ; 'u'd be' fun. The Indians
can't shoot at you. can. they?" •
"Oh. they try to, but the train's going so
f^st that they only hit you once In a while,
and you get so toug-h that the bullets don't
hurt anyhow. "I used to have a pal out in
the Indians' country that was just full of bul
lets, but they only made him weigh a little
more, that's all."
"'My, but wouldn't the- boys at home look at
me if I came back that way!" Benny ex
claimed. The grown-ups 'u'd be surprised,
too, wouldn't they?"
"I should smile! Why, Kid. you'll be so
changed after' you've traveled with me a year
that^Tonarga, grown-ups, and all, won't know
you." This btatement contained no "ghost
story," only Benny failed to see its entire sig
n'ficance. .-.¦¦-¦-
"Have we got to be gone a year?" he asked.
"SiFterl! ff et scared if I'm .away as Ions as
that."
, "Oh, but think what you'll be when you
shew up again! A year ain't no time at all
when you're 1 riding on trains and shooting In
dians. '•'
"How are we going to live while we're
ridin'? I've only got ten. cents."
This was the first practical question the boy
had put, and Blackie deemed it wise to sound
him in regard to his manner of living on his
previous short excursions. A Joeker always
like* to know beforehand Just how much wis
nom his new Prushun had acquired before he
• A snare<3" him. ..'
'"How did you live when you took the other
mcving-about trips?" he asked.
"I wag so busy seeln' things." Benny re
piled, " 'i I mostly forgot about. eatin". Once
when I was off for nearly two days- I just
drank water an 1 ate berries. I had a whop
pin' big appetite when I got home, though.
Mother Dcane said she'd never seen a boy eat
eo much, but she ai.n't seen much anyhow.
This time I. guess I'll have to have somethin'
more'n berries an' water, I'm goin* so far.
I've heard the men at the tank tell how, wh£n
thc-y have big appetites an' are travelin'. they
go and ask somebody for nourishment — that's
what -they call it — an' I. guess I'll have to do
soirelhing like that. One man told me "once't
if I'd go en a movin' -about trip with him we'd
Btt eo much just askin'-for things 't I couldn't
bring: Vm all home, there'd be so many. . I'm
Koin' to ask for more things this time, wouldn't
you?" . .
'"Sure: that's the way to do it." Blackie de
clared, not a little pleased to learn that Benny
understood the. necessity of begging on "mov
ing-about" trips. If not its true significance.
"You and I'll get along together fine. Now,
you lie down and take a snooze, and in the
morning we'll ..start out again."
"Do you think I ought to say my prayers?
I do at home, but there ain't any bed to kneel
down by here. Is there?"
"Say them in your sleep. Kid: it'll be just
the Earn;." .
••Will it? I us-ed to tell sister that, too:
but she said that God wants yeu"fb exert your-
Fflf — that's the word she uses — when you ask
hiir>. for- things, an" I had to kneel down I
jtjcss I'll risk sayin' 'em lyin' down to-ni^ht.
I know what I want, anyhow, without tellin'
God anythln' about It."
"That's the idea. Now, you curl up ¦ and
r>ound your ear. and I'll keep the fire froinp."
12
¦:;THE;r ;^UJSl>^Y..OAfejL.y;
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT
. , Elements \ of \ Political ¦ Economy. ;
,:".«Tlie ¦ :.' American ' Book ; Company of ¦ New.;
jYork I has recently published . a' new. edition ;
of ''Laughlin'sf 1 .'Elements ;of. ;¦': Polit
ical, .Economy" .'(revised edition), tay
. J Laurence. Laughliii,: ; Ph.D.". licad
-.professor.', .of, .political;-, .economy in
v th6V : -.University ; '•• of .* Chicago.' '.--. in j' : ' ; the"
frevlslqnf "''among v other ."changes .and
additions, such topics as 1. the .'tariff: and
bimetallism are; impartially ' discussed:; in
' their phases; 'a •fuller treatment- is
given :to|the; development of -division of
-labor; -and there '• Is .added ; a brief discus-;
Ddcr and Shepard sell— ¦
rppspa THE LATEST I
a 0 *-- GERTRUDE I
1 Jaoni ATHERTON
" Cever, brilliari end undoubtedly
able beyond anyihing she ha* yet
written." — Boston Budget.
"A e'ear, farciful, brillitnt story/
i -S.F. Newt Letter.
Elder and
23S Post'Street, Stn Francisco.
n £ecd for Csislojue cf rulilicationt.
iL. — --<-*r.r-r}< \>\'"t\mi9iy III ill . -
?- ; — o j .
'Mn the Footprints \
of the Padres." -
By CHASLE3 WARR'N 8T033A1D.-
"-—-This- book is larsety remt-
niyrent. . It ..la comprised of th»
memories of me who has sp^nt his
We ¦ on ¦ thn Pacific Coa?t. on* who
'lives'- California with that peculiar
, devotion that inspires all ths mm
of the golden West. Mr. Stoildard
has a style that is individual -and
artistic. He writes with a smooth
flow of -words that forms a fitting
setting. for h!3 prose snns» con'iprn.
ing the buoyant youth of Ca'tfor-
nia."— Tha Milwaukee Sentinel.
price : $i~5q me r.
A. m. ROBERTSON,
PublJsher, 26 Po«t Street.
° ¦ QParpfiy oF "CaltFornfaris Who
"-y VERYBODY fn (San Jose knows
t the Carey family, and are proud
|f of them as typical California pro
/ 1 } auctions. They form the talles^
V. group of men in the State, or per
haps? in a number of other States,
if they lived in a smaller country they
¦would be termed giants.
The combined height of the father and
four sons aggregates thirty-one feet, and
each of the four sons weighs over 200
pounds. The total v.eight of the five is
1035 sounds— about half a ton. They are
Ell hearty, fine-looktnjr ***¦ and as
Patrick ."William Carey is a gentleman
who. twenty-six J years . since. came
straight from Ireland, and is proud of
the fact. As a boy he was • a ¦ famous
jockey, but, as he says. " 'Twas i>elng
too tall at last that orivinted me . from
makin' a very rapid forchune. Shure, I
grew too tall to ride at all."
For sixteen years he lived with- his fam
ily uv in the Black Mountains, and then
came to San Jose to go into the butcher
business. The old gentleman is hale and
hearty at SO years of age. and spends
much of his time superintending matters
out at the slaughter-house, about five
miles from town.
Mrs. Amelia Carey, the mother of this
'*•¦... • - ¦ . - ¦ - '¦ ;'-.¦:¦.
_ ¦ ".*¦¦'¦. ¦ - ' .. ¦¦ ¦ - ¦¦'-¦'¦
family of giant voters, is not a small wo
nian, her height being 5 feet 9 Inches..
She has a daughter, a nurse in a' San
Francisco hospital, who is only of the
average height.
William Patrick Carey is the eldest son,
and also the tallest of the boys. He is
a man of family, and has a pleasant home
in san Jose'. He towers up to a height
, or 6 feet 6% inches. A second look always
follows him on the street. Though- he
weighs 220 pounds, his great height does
not give the impression of a heavy, man.
He owns to 39 years.
The next in order as to age and height
is George J. Carey, who lives at Palo -
Alto and is also in the butcher business.
¦' •'•; ¦'¦¦'¦¦'..'¦ :¦:¦¦¦ \/"- .X~-~- '¦'
He has a little bit of a wife., thoujh he
measures 6 feet 4'inche-.'. • Hells 38 years
of age and Weighs 225 pounds.' ' .* ,'%'•'¦
Then comes - Richard Thomas- Carey,
also a married man and, not a small one,
for bis height is 6 feet and 3 inch«s, and
he tins the scales ; at 218 pounds. He . is
32 years old. -•: : . V • ( .
.Last comes the pet of the family, John
Francis Carey, 29 : years • old and ( yet \ a
beau.-, He, is a swell when he dresses his
six feet -two and 1 a • half inches' In ¦¦ fine
apparel.: He does not weigh much; only
212 pounds. ' >¦ ¦ . < / '- ; ;-.
There are no fln*>r specimens of huge
manhood to • be found in California than
the Carey family.
IN faraway Shasta' County .stands the
sixth largest smelterin the world: and
needless to say. the largest in all Cali
fornia. .".V/ith its nine great smoke
stacks and its acres of roasting: fields,
tt looks in the busy, season like -a great
burning town.' This is the.Keswick smel- .
tef that; handles all the ore. for that mar
vel of a copp«r- mine— the Mountain Cop- .
per mine. - commonly ; known as the Iron .
Mountain. ; ""¦'¦".'' V ~
•: The mine that supplies the great part of
the ore for this immense plant, is located
about twelve miles northwest of Redding
arid by rail from the mine to the smelter
Is ten miles— and a very " steep ten miles
tt.ls, r too/ In that. country of mountains
the present site of the smelter was r the
only- one found available where -the five
or six of level land - necessary for '
the plant couldbe located. — - ;
-The Mountain; Copper mine was discov
ered by a" surveyor .named' Magee. who
located it on the theory. that it was val
uable, for its iron ores.- 1 Then came a man,.
JamesSalee,"who thought it a fine propo-;
sitlon for silver arid the property was sold
in. 1886 and .over"; $100,000 spent on it in;ex
perlmentlng j nb. advantage. Until; 1895
the mine was hawked around all over this
country and. England, and. generally con
demned.;, At last. it. passed in to -the hands;
of : the -Mountain Mines Company (Lim
ited), who disposed of it January 1,1897, to
ita present owners, the Mountain Copper
Company (Limited) of London, an English :
corporation. ¦" ,• -• .'-¦:>.
•"- The Mountain. Copper Company soon
developed < the^property On the right lines
andthehuge'smelter atKeswick was the
necessary outcome of their- work. ,
." The; immensity .of 'the present proposi
tion is well illustrated in the. recent im
provements the company has been obliged
to make-to handle, the large -amount of.
ore- from' its -own 'mine, and .also -that of
a smaller, mine adjoining;. It has con-;
tracted ' for ' power., from -.the
Power Company, with 5 its sub-stations , at ,
Keswick arid Redding, and ! now the elec
tric fluid is being turned on the machinery:
of, the smelter to the power of a thousand
horses.* • i --- -.»-••¦ -'.¦•-¦¦¦' --¦;¦¦ :<v - . ¦
. , Even ;with all .': this • improvement in I
power and machinery '.the vast plant' em-;.
¦ ploy3 over a thousand men.*: The electric!- ¦
ty thus drawn ' from the - water • power .of.
the ; mountain streams Is ; found cheaper .
than -,wood • or; coal ; or . oil :for^ steam ; and >
v the : company s6ori : expects to operate ¦ aK .
, its i cars from, the mines : by an electric
trolley :$ystem. -"At 1 , present', the -slag cars
. that ' dump. the : molten i refuse; on : the bank
of the stream at Keswick are operated.in
¦ this 5 way and the "best Idea- of the tre-r
ImendouSv efforts 'of;the;furnaces'.is:to.bo(
had by watching them as'they/drag.their
tons -of molten. slag; to be , automatically
hurled;6ver the steep cliff. :* At- night the "
¦glowing ma3S casts' a reflection on, the sky
) that can be seen for miles and might .pass -
for a > fresh • eruption ' of a* vast volcano.
t TheVthree J immense water,: jacket . f ur
naces that reduce tho ore have a.: capacity
:of' 200 -tons . each j per ? twenty-four ! hours, :
and they ' are {charged, on an avejage of ;
160 s times . in : each twelve-hour ;shyt: • The .
; resulting copper mattes carry about 50 per
cent' of copper. .;Special calcining furnaces
have, recently = been built: for; the smelting
of the > flrj?s i and s. they have a capacity: of
250 1 tons per day."'.'; At • first several, tiers of
roasting ;¦ kilns '> were ;, made . of heavy,- ma- Vt
sonry, .each- holding* a : 35-ton - : charge : and >
all -connected .-. wlt^ .;• one »big smokestack,
leadingiups.the, side ' of ? the ;mountalri-to
carry away thefumes, but' this wasaban-".
doned ' oh\ account ; . of , the , frightful smoke. ;
"proving > so great . an * annoyance to < the *•
workmen^' Now; the ore Is in va
rious' heaps scattered- about over the
mountain side at suitable points along the
.railroad." 'The^ftre.ls received^n/bunkers- '.
'from',the mine cars and piled 'around fluea
iflade,;'of,;wood , on the -.1 natural .ground.'
After.- the piles •¦ are properly ; shaped , and
proper 1 precautions taken for draught* the i
\ wood 1$; Ignited 'and: the piles fslowly, burn
for/sixty •¦ days:? ;; After '- the ' sulphur .. has
been * burned- out' inj this , way. the ; ore is <
laKainiloaded^on^thejcars and conveyed to " 1
:tne' smelter; y.-, : ';-¦•.', '¦¦ '. .¦.';:; jv^.-^-. ,-;v ¦¦¦¦:¦ -i\i, -.;.;¦; 'U
"7 With^ the 'Introduction of electricity, as a VI
¦-.'/" ¦ ;.'¦ ' - .-¦> . ' ¦'¦ : '.¦¦¦ r' ', ¦ ' ' '¦
THE LARGEST
SMELTER IN
THE WEST.
a while setting -out into the world, but
always with the invisible presence at his
side.
- So I found him one day, sitting
looking out over the green fields
opposite bis windows, calmly and
with no hint . in"" his face of grief
or fearsome expectation. I tried, but
could not put myself in his place. I could
only wonder what was in his mind. In his
German way. he told me. He coughed ir.
a. fitful way, and when he grew interested
in his story, then the pain at his heart
grew fiercest. There were sad pauses
which I could not fill. His n>st words
took him back to the day that made him
Bat about three inches from his heart
Is the sta.bbir.g thing that some day. some
early day. will meet the messen
jrer of death with a surse and
• bound, and in the twinkling of an eye
Henry Brcsius will, have gone from the
mystery of life into the greater one nt
death. Meanwhile he is going around
among his loved ones as usual, once in
So ""things past redress are now with
him past care"; but only in the material
Vjsir.ess affairs _of the world. With him
the kindly German love of home and fam
ily is ever uppermost. To be with them
and be always their father and helper to
"he end of a long life would be his wish.
ad plainly the last chapters of his life
Each rage that he turns is numbered.
lb<r? are only a few leaves left, and he
will die in the reading, quicker than the
'urning of a leaf.
And this man who is daily under the
searching eye of death knows it- Heaven,
who "from all creatures hides the book of
'""te." has opened it to let Henry Brcsius
Death stands guard over this. man. and
when he bids his messenger come there
will be no tJme for parley. It may be
that the emissary of the dreadful presence
will come as a thief in the night, or his
cold hand may touch the heart of his vic
tim in the full glare of the noonday sun.
There will be no time for pleadings, no
Mrr.o for regrets, no time far farewells.
For him the mandate of death has gone
forth, but the mercy has been denied him
of knowing the day on which he must
face his executioner. Each day he must
Mve as though it were his last. .
DID you ever try to put yourself In
the place of a man sentenced to
death? Did you ever try to think
how he wou'd feel? Henry C. Bro
slus of San Jose can tell you.
"I haf scratched with dese hands for
eight children— dere are seven of dem llf
lng now— I haf a little poy eight years
old— and I haf two daughters, one of dem
-married to Frank Russ In San Francisco.
I haf » lived a careful life— I nefer drink
, or smoke— und I vas always so full of
magnetism too— I could cure peoples — und
if I only haf some disease I myself could
cure. I vas always a porn physician. I
make a nerve tonic dot haf make new
peoples of many. Und 1 am veil now oder
vays. Look how I can kick my feet. Und
how. goot I felt ven I to Germany vent.
I vanted to shtay long enough to haf
anoder snowball, und see der big cUI«s
all. Den to be cut off by dis one iktlt
pit of fate— dis one little ting 1 dot h'appena."
It vas hard. But I do not grief if 1 can
it help. I haf one son dot died und vent
before me. I haf had my pisness droubles
too. I got swindled dree years ago by'
dem green goots men from der East. Den
once I haf in my pookbindery j a lot of
books dot vas to be delivered on Monday,
der Fourth of July. Dey vas ready on
Saturday. I vas keeping der seventh day,
und der place vas closed. Der books burn
demselves up by a fire dot dere break
oudt, und I lose dwetve tousand, fife hun
dred dollar. But I haf earn it all back,
una I haf blenty for efery one. Dot is a
comfort to me. Ven I come to my age,
I meant to do so much for peoples, but
now dey can do nodings for me. My days
is counted, und der day ven I go is der
best one for me. Good-by." '" ¦
I went away with his sad word* ring
ing in my ears. But through them there
sounded no rebellious spirit, but one of
calm resignation that but made th& caso
more sad. The physicians calmly call this
thing an aneurism of the aorta. To Henry
Broslus it Is a decree of fate, and a cruel,
relentless, pursuing pain, because of which
"the very breath which forms his worda
accelerates his death." 1 Nearly a year has
elapsed since his accident, and the tumor
of blood caused by a wound to the wall of
the big artery has grow almost to the
size of a cup, has grown layer upon layer,
and is pressing forward, eating Its way
through bone and flesh or whatever is
before it. until at last the pulsating blooit
of the artery will force its way through
the J wall of the aorta itself— a gush of
warm blood and the life of Henry Broslus
will have flown. Now it ts only a quick
stabbing pain, caused by the pumping
pressure of the blood forcing the tumor
against the nerve filaments surrounding it.
The end will be painless, Dut it may be
horrible. _Perhaps by constant erosion the
anerusim will have eaten through the ribs
and flesh with the blood pulsations back
of it; a slight overexertion, and the end
comes with a jet of blood pouring straight
from the man's breast. Or the current of
blood may be turned instead by the forces
of the pumping into the stomach, practic
ally drowning the sufferer in ' his I own
blood. But quick death will blot oat for
, him" the manner of his taking off. Only
those left will realize it ' >.->
ALFRED DEZENDQRF.
The tears were in his ey^s now ready to
fall, and he stretched out his hands and
regarded them with a pivlful look. Ona
could not look into his eyes, they wero
too. sad for words to describe. He said
brokenly:
tors glf me one year or less, to be here
longer, If I der pain could shtand. und
now der time Is nearly up. Efery efening
ven I to»my bed go I vonder vhere I vlll
vake. I may drop down here looking «ct
at der peautif ul earth— Gott knows. I haf
to be slow ven I move around, und I can
not excited got, for den— pfist! I was
gone. Der doctor speak of one operation,
but it is too late now, und dey cannot get
at der pain. But I know just vhere It is—
dere is der drawing der doctor made of tt
for me"— he handed me a paper and then
leaned toward me to point. "Dere is my
heart— und dere vos dot artery— und dera
vos dot blood tumor vat is creeping
creeping—getting larger und eating me up
— py und py it put der life in my heart
oudt."
' "But. I haf tried to keep der Sabbath
und "der commandments, und to me in all
my pain der day yen I am dead is petter
dan der day of my, birth. I long, for my
self alone, for dot day to come. Der doc-
' "Now. I tell you more aboud my grave
stone. Den I put Psalm der sixteenth to
explain dot verse. Der Psalm say: 'Thou
,vilt not leave my soul in hell.' No. I am
not more afraid of going to hell than I
voud pe to eat beefsteak und. onions. Id
is der grave, und Christ vent dere from
der! cross upd dot; makes Id goot enough
for me. Dot is my pelief. I pelief it is one
delluslon to say dot der soul shall lif be
fore der final resurrection. It vos in der
Scripture: 'Der soul that sins shall die.*
. . "Whoever, reads dot dey run avay, pe
cause dey don'd vant to follow me to hell.
Und den comes. my name, und .my age.
You know I am not so fid. - . ' •
"My parents both lifed to be ofer eighty.
Ach. ven I first know tha*^ I must go vid
out varning it bring der tears in my eyes,
but now I vas ready. . Id is not my death.
Dot vas easy. But it is to leaf my lofed
ones. Dey know id. Ven ve find oudt
aboud dot tumor der- doctor he take my
vife!ohe sideund he say: 'Madam, your
good man is very ill. He can nefer get
veil. "Treat him . kindly.- His days 1 is
counted.' '. ¦ *
"My tombstone I haf ordered first of all
—for fear I might it not get ven I am
dead. It vas just a plain stone— but- vat
vill" be on it is der most interesting. Tou
know , for forty year I haf kept the sev
enth day for the Sabbath. I haf twenty
one Bibles und I pelief them, but I don'd
pelief der preachers. Dey, blame der Devil
for, every ting. -I keep der ten command
merits, *und ,my\Gott is a merciful Gott.
Vy should I be afraid? I don'd pelief in
der hell of der preachers. I pelief dot hell
is der grave. ..Dere is where I soon go.
und I sleep dere until der resurrection. I
•wrote der verse myself. So people don'd
take me for an infidel. I begin with der
139th Psalm. Den my verse, like dis:"
I He ' raised his J finger and quoted to me
in a solemn tone, broken by coughing.
I came in dis world naked und bare; .
I haf gone through dis world vid trouble und
care. '¦-,•'
Now I am dead und gone, do you know vhere?
Right straight to hell, und you follow me dere'
"Death stares me every day. In der face.
Don'd misunderstand me; I riefer vas a
man af rait of dying. Vonce. perhaps, ven
it I had earlier known, der might haf
been some operation to safe me,' bud now
—if der pain grows worse I don't vant to
live. No, ven I found out of dot tumor
I vas reliefed yen I know vat it fs, efen if
"d«re is no cure. Now. L vas here waiting.
My vill is made und my. vife und family
I will leaf comfortable— veil off. Dot boy
August he vill« carry on der bookbinding
bisness, from which I retire some years
ago.. He lends to it now, und he vas
smart. ; '.'.•> ¦
; ..He hahcted me a letter from a San
Francisco^ physician. The 'last line was
enough to, read.. It ran thus, "All comes
from that injury; and must certainly end
suddenly in death.'** It "was a ghastly
message. . His voice went on: -^
, my ¦ urcoou % At \ 3.5 - iroiu Gat. Iall in. vi€r™
-many; my rib^ I tink, scrape an artery;
it vas in. dot main artery from my heart
off, und my rib it. vas eating Into. Ah,
I haf lif so honest and hard-working, too,
but death to L me \ soon comes. -One day
ven;'I cough or excite r myself dot . blood
tumor: vill press .too hard, und .ven it
break through dot artery wall membrane
I am deat! Read dot latest news; it comes
to-day's mall in."
und brr-dder. I come to dis country, ven'
,1 vas^a leetle.boy, und three trips I to,ok
to Europe ven I vas single.,? Und bad luck
I had on all dem trips. ! But of dot I for-'
got all on der'shteamei^iast Abril. I yas'
a jolly goot fellow. . und ven de moosic
band blayed I took hold of the vlmmen,
und dance. But yen I come back I could
-not do dat." He leaned back and, wiped
his eyes. VBut ven I got dere to-Rengers
hausen in Hessen, vere my. sister live 1 -
Gott ! i,t vas lof ely_, dot valley of der LuneJ .
a "^ man . -without furtlier^ jPians . ror^.vnis
world.'". I,; ¦';'/ 'i ;•]'/> ¦,'¦'¦-' -¦ ¦ :• . ¦ ' ¦'- ¦ -vii-.^C/t!
"But for dis I be now on my; vay back
from Germany. Forty years it vas since
dere I- had been, und last' Abril I'made
my mind oop dot I vould go C^nd stay in
de- Vatcrland. one year ..' yld ' mine, sister
-, dat -.- 1 just V shtop -_ to . bid '- him i
• : for ;a' few 'days, *> und;. den- -I j shtart for
n Hamburg— I say to' myself dat from ""dere ":
I vill ¦ go ' straight- --home.-/,'; But my -pain
nefer left tnt und on der vay to Hamburg
¦;l haf to shtop at'Kussel for one'day. Den^
rl get to Hjjmburgat last, und I hunt up!
>¦ der German doetor. -J .-. . j. - •'.. ''¦¦?.¦ ¦'•*: ;_", : .\\ ¦
¦ "He djd: not '¦ tell me that I two -broken
ribs ; haf. : und -he -did not; know what- der
vas. , He r say get" home . queekly!
a Sol. take i der j Graf Waldersee, der first
| shteamer oudt. .Ven to the ' shteamer I
. get— dey ; haf giferi me one berth Tmit one
ladder up. Hlmmel! how . in it I got ,1
¦ don't: know,, but rder next morning 1 haf
* to bo^llftad oudt und pu t under der care
*of der. ship" doctor, .und dere I j shtay wid
"nodings but pain undil 'to New York we ;
'Ycome. .1 almost haf to be carried to der
train; und> to my shleeper I gets und dere
I lays mit my. shoes on. till we gets to. San
Francisco. "^ Den "I; could" not valk'for. de".
pain.'und dere .vas no one dere to , meet;,
•me.'for 1 did not let dem know Ivashut^,
. though my vife she write me that she had
"pad dreams aboud me. ; - '
"My little draveling bag !• found I. haf
-leaf in Jersey City, und I send a telegram
to dem to send it oudt to .me. It in it haf
| some German'; books/ my. medicine, a Ger
man: Bible und four- pottles \of; peer— I •
bring ,- dat : to ' show how : goot -*dey fasten
up der pottles in Germany. Dey sent it :
to'me pyiVells-Fargo! Company, und yen
'.' der poy .bring At here he vant , for me; to .
i pay six dollar und sef enty-flve , cent. It
"vas robbery! Der bag vas not a trunk! I
leaf it; down, dere at office und dey
keep it yet.!:I for it will not pay.
"It' was aboud;der 1st of September yen
I got to . my; home ; here. - Den I /went; to
der German Hospital after I haf a doctor^
. herefor a vhile, but;dere* dey did not find
| out .what, was der matter vld me,, though
¦ they • a%y.\ dey I had" two ribs
g broke^vhen I; haf !dot;pad;fall. But efery ;
day I gomplalned of dot sharp pain in my '
breast, but;de^'did:nodings for Id. Dey
didn't know what- it. vas. : Oh, it vas dis-
after I had been avay so .long
.and spent bo much money. But now, it is
¦ : worse. '•'/..¦•..¦¦.-":'."'•¦".• •'*.-. • .*• ¦':
i ,;"Ven I did, nod get better I vent to the
g I^ne Hospital i Jn . 3an Francisco. Dr. El
' Unwood he examine me.: and found a lunip
•in my breast*— here ve're der pain vas.. On ,'
der next day he took dot. X-ray. He ex- -
amlned my. left" arm, which Vyos useless/
und den dot pain strike and take my
breath" avay in.'my breast. Den dey holt;
me, und der 'X-ray come from behind; I
heard der doctor call oud.v'Oh. here it
.vas.' and den I didn't know~vat der mat
• ter 'is.v'But,- ah'Gott. now, I :know!"
> i;? His ' breath ' came 'quickly ¦" and his voic e
.,faliered. but not from pain now. - "^ -> .
gf^Defi h«5 eent for.' ahoder doctor'and dey .
-told me dot-, fros. a . blood tumor ,defe in
vere der river Eder. rolls down, through de off ! . Du ¦ Lleber • Gott. : but what a fall I
big trees. Dere is > all i kind of 'fish, dere. y. haf. I roll, ;,; und t. roll, -, und >. I roll to get
r Und dem deers! :But:dey.,Vill not let you; from der wheels .under, fund- den; dey haf
fish j or- shoot . . tl : can ; see dot vater : run- to pick ; me • up. - I could not walk after;
ning I out :of dem : hiUs now,'; so colt und und I >¦ felt ? Hke someding In | my | insides
goot it vas. . \ : : , -\ 1% ;-¦''" .".:•' wasigone.;. My leg^was. stiff.. Und der
C "But dings yaa changed dere since I .vas pain near * my; hearti— if I . had , know den
' a poy. ;-¦ "Veil, ; one :.day > in .; June, ;., I "' had .vat : I '•- know-; now !'.%' 'Just ;• then • the t pain
been haf ing a. goot time^ for 'nearly (tree '/caught; him and I entreate'd him not to
!monts, vevasall one ; day .der.; hay fields;. 'talk/ for, I fe.lt a strange sensation in my
I in, , und I , tink I like to ; ride on de b^ck of 1 own-heart, j "No -excitement," his son had
de hay! \*agonlund,let:.;my feets , : : down jwarnedime sadly 'before »I saw his father,
hang. - My. brudder in law, vas.de ': horse's i-V After .¦' a, little he resumed: :.'"Ach, such
driflng., I climb up on der; hay; before de; pain, as I haf suffered.; but I did not let
vagon go. und . I vas ¦ singing; a | German? my folks know.. f torn dere, , und I did not
sons, somedings apout der; hay! 1 1 shtand ' go ,to 'a doctor,' for,; I did j not vant to be
dere one minute, pef ore I sit down on der. ; . robbed,. but I went as fast as I vas able to
back, und : in dot : one | minute i der horses '*, Cologne— my * brudder; he-keeps der.: hotel
shtart, und take dwenty years [ my life near g de"V catedral. .dere — but / ven I
. ' '' ¦ -. ; reach 'dere; ~'de pain "vas so great
13
THE KSliJSIDAY CALL.
cheap power. tne smeltcr v has arranged for
refining: the copper. by. the electrolytic pro
cess and . thus the freight , of $15 \ per * ton
Is saved on the sulphur that it was necea-
sary to ship In the matte to New Jersey—
to : say nothing • of ¦ the additional expense
of ¦ treating It at separate ¦ establishments
there.- " ' , :" ¦
LIVES WITH HAND OF DEATH ON HIS HEARTprattlirig little ones till In our nearts and
homes until they are. gone; from us. Ask
that mother who sits by that empty crib ,
and with empty arms how much horn* ;
happiness she got from the children. Once ,
she was easily wearied by, the children's
noise, but now, ' with aching heart, she
would give 'the. world, to 'have her baby to
nurse or her rollicking boy or girl to care
for. , ¦ '-¦¦¦-¦.¦ : ' : - ¦ '
Margaret E. Sangster writes beautifully
of— " - '¦¦- ¦ f •'¦••' ¦>'¦ ~~* ' ' ¦ ¦
.The Little Ann; Chair.
Nobody sits in the "' little armchair; -
It stands In a corner dim; . ,
But a white-haired mother gazing ther*.
• And yearningly thinking of him, ~ .
Sees through the dust of the; long ago
The bloom " of her boy's ' sweet . face, ; ' ¦'
As he rocks so merrily toand fro, ,
With a laugh that cheers the place. •;
Sometimes he holds a book In his hand, . *
Sometimes a: pencil and ( slate, , •
And the lesson is hard to understand,
'And the. figures hard to niate. ; " '
But she sees the/nod of his father's heai,
,,•'. So proud ; of the little son,
And she hears the '.words; so often said:
';'.. "No- fear for our little one." ;
They . were wonderful "days, the dear, 'oweet
days, '¦-.-:
When a child with sunny hair.
Was hers to -scold, .to, kips,; to praise, ,
'-At her knee in . the ; little chair. i^^ra
She lost him back In the . busy years
'¦ When the great world', caught; the mat*
And he strode away past hopes and fears : .
' To" his place in the battle's van."'.
But now - and ; then in a 'Wistful dream,
Like a picture out of date.
She sees the head with a" golden gleam
Bent over. a pencil arid ' slate. ;
And she lives asain'. in the; happy day, ,
; The day of her young life's .spring,
-. When the ¦ small ; armchair stood 'Just ¦ in ¦ tn« ¦
" - way, ,.•-;>." , .- - - - ¦:¦",-. ' "'
The center of everything. - '
; . .Then ¦. another thing ' about V the arrow
4 that; is suggestive 'to ; us ; is that it Is pre
. - pared f and ; directed ; when :'- in ~ the'- v hand.
'.." Sof the { time{ f or .^ parents i to i direct and
children v for r, life's ' -battles
ii is 'before/ they - go • forth \ Into ' the r world."
God v has f made » the I parents ', his :' ordained
•t, :guardians \ of i the , childhood, and T he \ has
•; promised; if i they ."train tup a child in the
; way. he 'should g'o, v when he" is old he will'
not depart -from it. ; (Prov."-xxii:6.)
I -; , The \ homef and family -•? life ; should - be
v jealously 4 guarded."; vHomeV is . , the 'place
V;- where •; children " : ought ', most 'to. : be, \ and
*( Where ; they; love most to be: ,; It is ;injuri-3
vous to the homo and "Jo the" ories ; i con
cerned to be' much"; a way/from the home.
In ' 6ur t f air;Calif ornia, whose climate per
- v xnits so much'bf an ; out-of-door 'existence,\ :
¦0 parents I have] special j reaso*n's 1 to jealously..
l\ guard * the; interests: :of \ home ' and the
The" genial ; climate,, with", the^
ij outdoor !;: habits ".-¦' and;, pursultsV; which it;
i fosters, ¦[ Is liable . - to . rob' ; us ¦ of much of
the warmth sand 'social: intercourse of
;--.:the'i common' arid, fa'mlly,: hearth! ' ¦'
' ;":; Children "of California, l it is to be feared,
¦i-. do^not [come under . the care ¦ and : guidance :
of -the';, parental ' eye ; as ''. the /children > in :
>; the ! East,*,where the climate is -so^ vigorous :
'.;' and j| more r home staying. -, ' ; '
- • ¦>'-. ¦; -An lj Eastern;: critic, •: .speaking J / of the
r home and "• family; life, . says" of our/ out-'
'door ; life:; .'.'Much of the;, life 'of.'child
';';hood : . is ' spent i in :; the • garden" and ;on i the '
: -etreet." -'When- evening comes ; the .family ¦
. do ' not always I gather : ; around ! \ a '¦ . com
' -1 mon,hearth", or lamp;. .but some 'are romp- 1
¦"ing/about the streets or riding, on "the
free train, v'or.^arViStudylng 1 ! 'their : lessons
- alone^ In Itheir.' rooms, • or. are at the: 'club
: Jor lodgei meeting* or.: at i^ ; neighbor's: idn
'¦;¦-' fact anywhere > but ; at . home." When ' sum-
\More man. even m dreams, thy mother had.
O Father!, fine^ this gold, oh. polish this, my
'¦¦¦-¦ "'.Gem,.,' '¦_¦, \'- ¦• " . "• ' • ; ¦ ";
Till it is fair and fitting for thy diadem!
The next thing of importance to be real
ized and fully appreciated is that "children,
as. God's , heritage,' are precious >. in his f
sight", and ¦ are. worthy: of honor. The
apostle exhorts, "Provoke not" your 'chil
dren .that: they ;be hot discouraged.'.'
' Children' begin: life on the 'elevation' at
which we'quit it : and : they 'are deserving/
of ;; honor •¦ from i us. A .child that is not
worthy of some degree: of honor ¦ is Van .
anomaly In* nature. : Many a : child ; has
vbeen Cdiscouraged . by the parents .with
holding, ; the' ,' honor due his noble' nature^
Parents who never >e,e' anything to honor
In their children will never be' of any help
. to themi, Honoring- 'a .child is an essential
feature :ih"helping it. ,.• ;.
':'¦¦ Childrenare. what, we/make them. They
are .represented; in- Psalms. cxxvii:7, "r.s
it arrows in ;thei hand of a injighty Iman." ¦
-From a; knowledge r of ; archery we learn,
.that arrows go the way we aim them. ;- As:
1 parents and teachers 'we are to aim' them ,
.; aright ' to the « mark "in" the nurture and
admonition of theyLord-',; (Eph.J vi:7).
v. The ; time will come J ,\vhen : children I will/
be arrows out of our'hand.; Itwill be too
•late then to bend themJ.; Children may be
.come ? arrows,, in -the heart.* •There • is ¦ cer- :
need' of a revival of real heartfelt-;
| Interest V among parents and teachers— a '
-revival -of ; appreciation .for the value of
•V childhood! v of more -wise : and Christian
children. -The value of - a
chlld?' ; Who can tell what possibilities are
wrapped.up in;, aMittle child!
"Children are a 'sacred- trust "and. solemn
responsibility, v As > they are ; weakly v fon
ddied of •! foolishly. spoiled,: or kindly. \ wisely ; .
' ,? and \ strictly ;discipliried . td^obedience -and
2; duty,' ;, will ; they ; be a -V source ' of f . disntal -
;- darkness : and/. keen sorrow or of blessing
-* and '.happiness.' " .
: ¦ J One I has ;said: ¦-¦ . "Parents ,must
i not v trifle f.with' their ; children,' like idiots :
>| playing .with"; sharp" tools ; ; but is i the bow-
I ; man* straightens • arid polishes "' his arrow, '
'.':',- dyes 'it la. ; solid f point ' and -wings, it .with
'/proper i feathers,', they^mustVeducate their,
A Bons3;'andi' daughters ; the 'name; 'and
i;wlth{ the * help^o£} the Rewarder of 'them'
rthat^diligently seek him."
"you solve the problem in the kitchen
and. I will promise to solve the problem
of the universe In . twenty-four hours."
Now I don't know how near that house
wife expressed the truth in. the matter
referred to in her. reply to her husband,
but 1 believe ehe would not have over
stated the facts of the situation if she
had substituted "the problem in the
nursery" for the . "problem in the
kitchen."
There are two organizations which em
phasize the great importance of child
life. The National Congress 'of Mothers,
which recently convened .at Washington.
The Outlook, speaking of the congress,
eays that it "seems to confirm the pre
vailing impression that there exists a
large number of women who believe that
'no work in the world pays so much as
mother work.' Interest In the work of
the congress is probably deeper and more
general than in that of any pther special
woman's organization, for its subject is
one which in the J very nature of things
will undoubtedly always be pre-eminent
to the minds of true womanhood."
The other association which is serving
In such an effective way the vital Inter
ests of the home and child life is the
National League for the Protection of
the Family. Its twenty-second annual
report shows a decided . increase " of in
terest in the various problems affecting
the family.
Parents are the divinely appointed
guardians of their children, and what
ever the benefits which accrue, to them
from organizations, their personal duties
can no more be given over to- another or
to an organization than can a star its
shining to another or a flower its beauty,
and fragrance to another.
One of the first things for parents to
get thoroughly into their minds and
"hearts is the great truth that "children
are a heritage of the Lord."
To an Oriental a numerous progeny was
the first of blessings, giving value and
stability to all others.
The gift of children was considered a
mark of Divine favor and blessing; the
.wiuuiolding them was evidence of Divine
disi)lea>mre.
Children were considered emphatically
God'e gifts. With many to-day children.
Instead of being' welcomed with joy, af
fection and thanksgiving, are regarded as
an incumbrance and a burden.
God' has designed that one of the se-.
crets of a happy home is in childhood: A
child Is one of heaven's choicest . gifts,
and in that home where a child is" unwel
come there can be no true, happy home.
God's ideal home Is one where the merry,
voice of childhood Is heard. Childless
homes, however, adorned with worldly
affluence are most unenviable.
In much of society, so" called In these
times, the advent of a child is looked
upon as a curse, while a pug or' poodle
dog is worshiped and '¦ adored. . Kennels
are becoming more 'numerous -'than
cradles, and dog raising Is quite a lucra
tive business. |H'«Ml
A babe in a house !s a well-epring of pleasure,
tc messenger of peace and love, ," * .
A resting place for Innocence on earth,
" A link between ¦ angels * and men.
IT was De Quincey who dreamed that
he saw a great chariot rushing down
the vast aisles of a cathedral, past
tut storied tombs of kings and war
riors, on which were the sculptured
fri-ms of the mighty dead, yet upon the
pa\trr.ent, in the -very track of the char
iot wap a little child stooping cewn and
pl«.yinr with a flower, heedless .of the
apvioaching death. So terrible, and immi
»;;nt was the tragedy that, at tjie/noment
wltn the horses' feet were about to crush
the life out of the little one, the figure of
a t-nr/ipcter that was lying on- a tomb
sorted up from his stony sleep and blew
a bl»< of warnjng. while afl angel hand
strotthed forth to snatch the little one
frojn its awful death!
Alas! that the great thought of this
dream has not been but recently felt and
apyiieWated^ ; It is not an over-wrought
pkturc of the value of child life. The re
cent discoveries of classical sculptures
revcrl the sad fact that the ancients flad
no appreciation of the value and beauty
of childhood. It is claimed that the ar
tists -whose work has furnished models for
all time have not left single specimen
of that beauty which modern eyes most
a.ltnirr. the beauty of childhood. -
Grecian and Roman- literature offer us
nothing on the great 'value of child life.
VV;th the Komans. It is said, infancy was
only a journey toward- manhood, the ;
sooner it was over the better. /
The expression, "Only a child!" is of
heathen origin. Before Christianity en-:
tered upon its mission of mercy and
beneficence child life was not appreciated
as it deserved. The condition of childhood
was frightful In the extreme. Family life
was destroyed through frequency of
vorce and Increase of licentiousness. Chil
dren were neglected and cruelly treated.
They were held in contempt and in utter
disregard of natural feeling of the; heart.
Their natural rights were but little rec
ognized. Dr. R. S. Storrs said that "care
for the child, when required at all, was so
onlybecause of the citizenship which was
about Ul be his."
Christianity has changed this sad state
of things considerably. Christ was the
great admirer and friend of little children.
He took them to his bosom and laid his
hands upon them in blessing. He declared
by his sovereign power they were of the
kingdom of heaven, and he identified him
self with them by the remarkable words:
"Whosoever shall receive one such little
child in my name receiveth me." It i?
said that the sympathy with childhood,
which gives Its coloring to modern liter
ature and art, is to be traced back to the
utterances which have Influenced more
than the literature and art of modern
Europe. ."Except ye become as little chil
dren ye cannot enter the kingdom pf
heaven," was a new saying to the world,
: and the great aspect under which all
weakness and dependence appeared in the
light of that teaching was evidently be
wildering to its hearers. " _
It has taken centuries for the Christian
world to grasp the full meaning of
Christ's utterances, and it is only recently
that it nas been realized as a fact of ordi
nary life. .
There is no more Important question
before the church and state to-day than
that of the care of childhood. The most
bopeftal signs of the times is the great
interest mothers are taking in solving
this question, which is coming to be rec
ognized as the question. A pastor was
absorbed in studying the question of so
cialism, when his wife came in with de
spair on her face and wanted advice
about the servants. "Oh. my dear," he
replied, "I cannot give my time to little
matters like domestic service. I am try
ing to solve the social problem of the
universe." "Well," replied the wife,
Jesus said of little children that those
who receive them in his name receive
hin.. It. should be looked upon as a sacred
hour in a home when God, places. a; little
babe in the arms of loving parents. " Such
a boon comes directly from God's hands'
and brings fragments of heaven' trailing
after it to the home it enters. It comes
with great possibility of blessing and hap
piness to the home.- '. * .-
We don't know how big a place these
¦ , ¦ •-•;:.v.i.v
nr the : happy ; if oacE.
/niE -i£v?sd:aY: -.cataj;
14
' ¦ ¦ Truly, children : are one ' of the secrets 'of
a happy homeT As" it has been, truly de
. clarod : ,' 'It is • a -, dismal , house where there
/Is "a silent .nursery. - It -may-be -scrupu-'
lously. clean, and faultlessly . prim, , but
there: is a : strangely.- felt . absence of - life;
oflvoice; of genial humanity.": T \
; i /,- When , the • father :'of John ; Wesley, re
fceived.his son /uninjured from the window
i of ' the>burnirig j. parsonage; "{ he exclaimed :
»"Come,^neighbo"rs,; let i^us, kneel ;down; let
us give thanks unto God; he has given me
all my- eight -^children; let the house go, I
am : rich • ' enough. '.' , He felt the truth of
Rotfert ':• Southey's words : - "Call not that
man'- wretched '. who! -whatever. ills he sut"-'
f er,' has 7a.t child to love" : and with'Dick
ens, '', when , he \ says; ' :'I : love . these ¦little
people/and it ¦ is not . a slight -thing v/hen
they,: whi/ are v so fresh "frpm God, 'love
:'us.'.\'^ :"-¦ .'. . : ¦: '.-' ; '., -'" '¦ - ¦¦-"
v, ; A" mother;' muses on God's gift of a babe
to her as follows: _
And thou firt mine, thou helpless, trembling
/: • thing, .--"¦ ..' ;¦.'"' "•; . . ' .- - , ' ' ;
n Thou | lovely presence ? ] Bird, where is - thy
>.; 7 '.wlng? -. " .; •/ '.-" . .
How. pure thou art. fresh from, the- fields of ;
'-, ¦-"light,' ;' : ¦ .' -. ¦ - :.. :\"i " '¦ ¦' ¦
'Where angels garner grain in robes of white.
Didst thou bring sealed Instructions with thee,
/ Dove.J . - ; . • :
How • to unlock the : fount . of mother love? ;
Full . well dost .thou - fulfill ¦ thy "winsome ' part ;
With holy fire they're writ upon my, heart/
My chlld.Ivfearthce; thou'rt a spirit, soul!
How. 8l-all I; walk; before. thee, keep ray gar
.' -' ments" whole?' ." • * '
O ¦Lord,'; give strength, give wisdom for the
-¦ ;task,;, .' - ; ; i - ,-. _ \ ¦ . ¦>'< . :¦...,
To train' the chlld*{or thee. . Tet more I ask:
I?ifeof.my life,: for thee I crave best gifts, and
mer comes the annual hegira of, Camp life.
Legins. r - If ' it be ;. a ¦ family "party, where
father and »: mother., and children,- rela
tives and dear 'friends unite .to form " a
temporary home'; under the trees, in which
parental- oversight 'and 'discipline are not
relaxed but . exercised i the ' more, even J if
exercised gently, ' such an outing ' is a
blessing. Bat too often camp lifeis *not
this-ra » mere ; aggregation of people with
no« deeper bond than .chance of superfi
cial acquaintance, .with no moral purpose,
devoted, to eating, wining and flirting,
and; tending to no good end. ; ...
"Most; everything that is morally wring
in California' is -by-some' charged ,to her
climate. One thing I is certain— there is
need ; of parents guarding more carefully
the life of their children at this point."
The street' school is not calcuattd to
aid in building up the, interests, of tne
home. ;The Standard says: "The old cus
tom of -ringing the'.curfew.'has been re
established in the; villages and. towns of
Canada,' in accordance with an act passed
at the last session of Parliament.- This.
ne"w act, though not as strict as the old
one, requires that all children under 17
shall be off '- the street at 9 o'clock, the
hour of the >. ringing s of the curfew." -The
Exchange Ogives ' a Jtimely and earnest
warningion the: nighf-running of children.
"Young vmen" 'and -boys, after, the day's
work is done and supper, over, think they
must have their relaxation and fun. There
is no objection to this if it is sought for in
a" rational way.: In towns the boys and
ybtlng men assemble on the street corners
or in. places where; games are played or
where beer ¦ or ' liquor is sold. ; The . ques
tion is submitted whether these are ra
tional or proper w&ys to seek : recreation
and fun. In the country they go to the
store or the tavern or , ; to the postofflce,
or to the small village where these are lo
cated, in which case the occupatlcms and
the 'relaxation, and , funVare much like
.those sought and found In the towns. The
question Is here again submitted whether
to the home. As much as they may love
the home sentiment, yet they do next to
nothing toward embodying that sentiment
in a bright, cheering home. Their ambi
tion is to make friends among strangeri
and not at home. They take it for grant
ed that .'the friendship of the friends at
home needs not to be fostered and culti
vated. Father, mother, brothers and sis
ters all seem to be beyond the pale ot
friendship. Brothers and . sistera should
be as courteous at home as they are
abroad. Only kind words, words of Pra^e
and encouragement should bespoken. The
cold world on. the -outside wllLdo enougt
scolding, fault-finding and. beating. Thers
should be real love and respect^ f or one
another in the home. It seems to be easier
to give the smile to the stranger and the
frown to the dear one in the home. Many
brothers and sisters have lived to regret
their thoughtlessness and indifference i to
one: another. Many children have had
plenty of time to repent as they reap the
bitter harvest of ingratitude to f ather
and mother. There is great and )"gent
need Ql children, endeavoring to under
stand, each other, and of taking- each
other at their best and not at their "wprs 4
valuation. It may seem foolishness u
give- the good-by kiss as we go out frorr
our homes and separate for the day. i«.
may seem - unnecessary to' take time to.
tell our dear ones we love them, tut there
will come a time when our loved ones can
no longer hear us nor see - us; then, as
one expresses it, "Our , foolishness will
seem more wise than our, best wisdom.
The small courtesies, which are often
omitted because they are small, will some
day look larger to us^ than i the wealth
which we have coveted" or. the fame for
which we have struggled In the home
we should take time to be pleasant and
to get well acauainted.
For the sake of those who love us.
For the sake of God above us. .
Each and all should do their best
i'O,- x ' \To make music for the rest.
While it may be possible to overlook
slights and unkind things among the
children of a home, they seem almost un
pardonable when inflicted upon father or
mother, especially in their age-
Think of such an advertisement as. this.
"Wanted— A good home for an/ aged
mother.. Will be paid: well for trouble.
: This -flashes before us a picture. A
sweet young mother bending over a smil
ing babe in the cradle, fair and beautiful
and devoted. Cares how. grow heavy, a3
the years go by. The older her boy grows
the; more grow the cares of her life and
thl* heavifr her burdens: . But .as only
' a devoted mother can do, she. holds tight
ly and tenderly her son's ¦ hand, guides
him safely through many -dangers-, picko
out smoother places for his feet when the
way grows rugged, shields him and pro
tects him and guides him through child
hood's slippery paths, soothing his, heart
in sorrows and lovingly and nobly, stand
ing by him in the sterner trials of man
/hood. However much she suffers, she
neA-er leaves nor forsakes her boy. There
comes a change in the young man s life;
he marries a fair, young woman and,
makes a home for himself, but he makes
no provision in it for his mother. He says
mother, is old now and peculiar in her
ways and somewhat of a burden, and be
• sides, in these modern times especially,
it isn't very pleasant to have old folk3
like she around when company la pres
ent. So he thinks it easier to pay some
one for caring for her er to put her in
an old, people's ' home.^ The older sho
grows the more care she will require and
the greater burden she will become. Then,
you know, it isn't the, best thing for grow
ing children to have -old folks around
them as It will make them old in their
ways. But stop an*. think, my boy! Re
member i you - once - were weak and help
less and needed a strong and tender hand
to feed you and steady your steps. Motn
er might have -turned ytm over to a
nurse's care with instructions that you
must be kept out of her sight as you
were so much trouble to her. .But what
true-hearted mother could ever do such a
¦thing? She, knowing that no. voice and
touch could soothe and quiet the sobs and
unres"t of her boy like hers, kept you
close tir- her bosom and -nursed; you
'. through- : sickness -. and -• trouble to health
anO quietness.
But row behold your own Inhumanity,
yea, your bestiality. How can you re
fuse mother, now weak and helpless an.i
- in'»need of ; your love. and care, the beit
devotion possible? Can you for a moment
refuse to be. a. staff to steady the feet of
her who has been the dearest and noblest
friend of your life, when she needs your
support the most? Have you degenerated
into such an ungrateful wretch that you
would hire with gold some one to hold
the cup steady in her palsied hand?
How unnatural for children „, to be
ashamed "of their parents, to. refuse to
aid them and to wantonly- impose addi
"tlcnal burdens upon them. -There are la
mentable Instances of - such ' filial ingrati
tude. - There are daughters whose • educa
tion at boarding school was made pos
sible by the strictest economy practiced
in the house by the mother, and who in
after life have heaped insult and burden
upon" the plain, , old-fashioned woman
whom they, call mother. Oh, the gra
cious indulgence of kind mothers and the
- ungratefulness of unkind daughters. How
much more noble and beautiful the spirit
of John Randolph of Roanoke. He was
very much attached to his ¦ mother and
her death left 'a melancholy and striking
impression upon him ever afterward. He
said: : "I am all but friendless— only one
human being ever knew me. She only
knew me — my'mother." He always spoke
of her in terms of deepest affection and
' frequently visited her grave, where ho
would, shed tears of sorrow. .It was the
last wish of his heart to be buried by her
side. -Henry Clay expressed profound af
fection and veneration for his mother,
whom he considered a model of maternal
. character : and female excellence. .It ia
' said after . his mother's ¦ death he never
met his constituents in Woodf ord County
without some allusion to her 'which deeply
> affected both him and his audience. Near
ly, his. last words were, "Mother, mother,
mother." Benjamin . Franklin referred to
his mother in the tenderest tone of filial
affection and manifested his respect and
¦ affection ¦ for ' her among other ways in
frequent presents. Thomas Gray, author
, of V "Elegy. v. in a Country 'dhurchyard,'*
-' ¦ tenderly, loved his mother white she lived.
, and v cherished .- her" memory with sacred
sorrow.'- It is" said he. never mentioned his
'-"mother's- name without a sigh. He placed
the following , inscription over . her re
mains: "The careful, tender mother of
• many children, one. of whom alone had'
the misfortune to survive her." ¦ One has
said: "Wherever the name and genius of
Gray are known there shall also his moth
er's virtues be told for a memorial ot
her." ESBHW'iHPMHPQnns
• It is said a very tender love always ex
isted between ; Robert Browning and his
mother. In his early, manhood It was his
rule, as long as he continued under the
parental roof, never to go to bed \ without
giving her ; a good-night Kiss. If out so
late that he was obliged to admit himself
with a .latch key he still went to her in
ber room.
¦¦¦•Whatever else these noted .; men may
not have done, . one , thing can never ba
charged against them— that of unfaithful
ness to the Divine command, "Honor, thy
father and thy " mother.'.' -With them
blood didn't run thin.
'¦'¦ The old armchair Is worthy your re
"spect and reverence." Don't let the dear
: old folks feel that they cannot be useful
- any: more. Respect" their taste and judg
ment . and old habits. These may . taava
been all right in their day, and it la not
; easy for them to relinquish their, old ways
as they descend the hillside of life.
All" our earthly relations will too soon
. change. Broken ties will soon .come.' The
home ¦ of ' our childhood • will soon enough
b^ gone from us.. Our friendship on earth
..will sever. >Then let us guard against
.giving -needless offense. It is sad to part
with, those we love, but It* is sadder to
be • self-reproached for unfaithfulness to
friends." We should enjoy our present
life : and . relations in , life until we meet
• where there shall be an eternal present."
. Eliza Cook says of "The Old Armchair":
I love it— I love it," and who shall dare
.To chideroe for. loving that old arm-chair?
-I've treasured it long as a: sainted prize
: I've bedewed it with tears, and * embalmed it
"with slKhs;^BBpWIRBinQttBNi
"Tis bound by a thousand bands to my heart.
•Not a tte will break, nor a link will start
"Would you learn the spell? A' mother sat there:
And a sacred thing ia that old arm-chair. ,
-In childhood's hour I lingered near*'
JThe hallowed seat with listening ear;
And gentle words that mother would give
-To fit me to die and teach me to live.
'-She told me shame would never betide
* "With trust for my creed, and. God for my snide;
* . She taught me to lisp my earliest prayer.
As I knelt beside that old arm-chair, v
I sat and watched her many a day ¦
- When- : her eyes grew dim ¦ and her ¦ locks were
¦ ¦ .": 'gray.'. :> .<-~ ~. .', .. : • . " . _¦ ;, ¦ .
And" I almost ' worshiped her when she smiled
And turned from her.BH}le,t»,bless ber child.
Tears rolled. on, but tha last one 'sped— V
,My Idol was shattered — my earth-star fled:
I l«arnt how much the heart can bear.
When I saw her die In that old arm-chair.
'Tis past! 'tis past! but I craze on it now
With quivering breath and throbbing brow;
Twas there she nursed me— 'twas there she
- » . .'died, *¦£.":¦
'And -memory. flowed with lava tide
1 Saflt is folly,-, and deem me weak,
; While the scalding tears run down my 'cheek.
f But I love It— I love it. and cannot tear
! .My soul from my mother's old arm-chair
these methods are^ rational and profit
able." • " ¦ .--... ,, . --....-
about at night Is hard on the
body,< health and strength of vouns: men.
When they have | to work during the d»y
they are stupid and dull, apt to bo care
less and not infrequently , irritable and
unpleasant. Loss of rest and sleep pro
duce these results, even though no indul
gence in drinking- and carousing attend
the night-running: But when ; these are
added to the playing of games of chance,
the indulgence of obscene stories "and all
the other crookedness " inherent in j night
running,' the moral degradation • Is more
deplorable than the physical strain. The
whole thing in the, shape in which it ex
ists is .wrong. Who is to blame and how
is it to be corrected; The appeal must be
made to the parents to correct the grow
ing tendency to running about at night.
It is one of the very, worst things for the
physic al and moral ) welfare of. our, youth.
Bad habits are --learned, "morals are de-"
bauched, ? character- is • compromised. " Pa
rents and guardians should therefore give
this matter their serious attention. Home
must .be. made attractive to "the young.
Furnish ". . them V rational and --¦ pleasant
means of amusement.: Make the'social at
mosphere. ' the intelligence, the ' fun of
home so pleasant and desirable that tne
children will prefer them to running away
frami home 'every night." -- v.-; - ¦ -,
i Home -, should be made attractive, i and
children should ¦•; have a ' charice to - enjoy
themselves in the home.: One of the first
duties of apparent is to .show a generous'
sympathy, with the plays of his children.
If. properly treated in the home the chil
dren will, not prefer to spend their even
ings away \ from~ the . home. Without
proper entertainment at home children
will seek joy and pleasure on , the : street
and "in: unhallowed places. One way to
keep. the boys at home-evenings Is to give
them some kind of interesting entertain
ment. Tour-: boys go out ; at night be-~
cause they find entertainment elsewhere.
You should furnish it : in some way at
home. You, 'their fathers and mothers,
are the ; ones > to-' supervise * their amuse
ments. Get some simple and interesting
games of : an innocent character, suggests
an Eastern paper, lay aside your dignity
recall the ~i spirit of your , own younger
days, .entering, heartily into the games
with your boys, and you will get a hold
on -them that will keep them at home
when more stern commands would utterly
fail. ; The wealth . you are : accumulatiag
may be "a <;' doubtful blessing - to- , the son
who is a ¦ stranger* to . you. Your beauti
fully kept house.- busy, mother," can never
be a home; to ;the daughter whom you
have no time to. caress: ' ¦ ' >'-,
The influence of parents over their chil
dren begins, very, early, in life.^Child edu
cation begins long before responsibility be
gins.* Home; is the -most- powerful school
on earth and the parent-is the most power
ful \ teacher, ",-.. molding . character i and . di
recting .'conduct. : The - mother's Influence
is : mightier; than ¦ pulpitc or throne. - Then
the parents'", influence makes permanent
impressions upon" the life of the children
; It ¦ was : Rlchter "iwho - ; said : ."Every first
thing continues forever with 'th"e child;the
first color, the. first -muslc.Uhe first flower
paint ; the ¦ foreground ¦ of life.' Every new
educator: effects less than his predecessor
/until at ; last, - if .we j regard .all • life as an
educational - institute, i a ; circumnavigator
¦ of the i. world ; is ' less influenced .by all the
nations, he . has . seen; than Dy. his nurse '"
. Benjamin" West .says: ""A 1 kiss ffom ray
mother; made me a .' painter." * •:-, Cowper
voices. a great .truth. when'heisays: •
The" fond attachment to the well-known place,
Wheneeflrstxwe^started into life's lone race.
Retains Its hold ."with; such unfailing- sway,
We -feel' it: e'en" In' age,* and at .our latest dayr"
:: v'i^. he ' : °l d " Arm Cnalr ."' or .the 1 regard of"
children '¦ for their parents.- »The words 'of
holy !: writ. - "Honor -thy'- father^and " thy
mother, .; need much | emphasis in -this ' day. '
Parents do not receive the honor due them
from; their sons and daughters because the'
latter ••igriorevto.'a' great extent this most
sacred command.-.There are rare instances
* of, 5 , filial \ love and :.- devotion * to / home - and '.
parents ;.which*need; k to ; be-* mentioned.* to
remind" otners ~ less r considerate • of - their
;dear '.'old folks rat • home.? -; At ¦ home
slights -and 1 Insults - are given .with impu
*nit yj .%. No " regard ; is = paid to' courtesy * or
respect. No apology is offered forany In
justice. -There -is engendered; by this
'spirit an enmity that becomes life-long be
tween ; brothers ¦ and ' sisters; and : even I pa
rents and children. Mt is strange how cruel
-=• we -are in; our homes. There relatives as
• sume \ the : privilege ;. to' criticize most mer
cilessly, y: No i stranger i would dare « to " do
; what -they. do.' : - ' Many: sons ¦ and - daughters
: never . do anything - toward, making home
;happy v They expect their* parents to see
<—¦¦.'¦ ¦' i '• ':'¦.' ':¦' - '..•¦:¦'¦¦
THE RECIPROCAL RELATIONS OF PARENTS AND CHILDRENTi.j- ' _4. {states Weather Bureau
in me ilills building might be
icrmed a sort of headquarters for
detectives who shadow the doings
Of the elements.. No feathery
"daughter of the earth and water," can
rear Its head athwart' the sky, no sum
mer shower that can fall that Is not
watched and the drops of rain almost
counted. The wind, a more destructive
agent than either rain or cloud, cannot
blow but a black arrow goes down against
it on the forecaster's map to mark It as
a. suspicious character worthy of further
watching. ¦• . .•,*•....¦,, . . . .
It can scarcely assume the proportions
of -a storm or a hurricane before the
watchful detectives of the .Weather Bu
reau have clicked out a telegraphic warn
ing 'to many stations, where the red storm
flag. must flutter. But.the storm that may
break over the Golden Gateis not left to
spend its fury unwatched. : From, herer and
all of the twelve stations : in -California
prises .of men and are > usually- heeded.
Perhaps some of the anxious ones remem
ber that .on?;a- certain" nlght v ,ln J February
of last ; year/throughv the' Instrumentality
of warnings f of weather sent- out
by : ; the " bureau ' In , a' limited /district ¦; in
Florida: the value of. -the •¦orangei-bloom,'
vegetables and strawberries protected and
saved by these means was reported at
over $100,000. • ,-.. , . -'.
v^n the observer's room besides the gen
eral telephone are two others that in time
.'of-. storms: are never idle. One is the line
to-the' station at Point Reyes, just com
pleted this" year. This is the -most impor
tant point on'the northern. coast,' and. the
telephone serves' to give news; 6f ( all ves
sels passing north and south and to. send
a •"¦warning .for;- them if needs be by, ordef
iriiff the storm flag displayed. Another line
connebts with; Mount Tamalpais,' a ¦ third
important: point .'of observation. The tele
graph, messenger ; boy ; is '.also- a .constant
.visitor .; and- in a J stormy period an | almost
inefssant one. . , ', ¦'"' ¦ . / • .. ' ]
i ¦ A' notable thing in the way of storms,
and one that'.required constant and long
'- shadowing through thousands of miles
dtstructiveness before it finally leaped out
over the Atlantic- Ocean, was the, great
v wind and rain storm of. March 1 last." -
.-.The day began as any other day in the
.weather bureau- service." .The first fore
" casts, from -the 5 o'clock morning observa
tions had been sent to many other points
¦>:l5y telegraph,.' and by: 9 o'clock a. m. the
first.' weather maps of the day had gone
:'frbm-the printing' -room to the ma.il. In
the .forecast 'roGjn three or four. men at
a. tall desk, were busy with the second
maps to he ready tor: print at 5" p. m.
.-.with the results of the day's observations.
-The man In" the instrument room was
-busy watching his, instruments and check
ing them up. . ! In > the observer's • room • the
records were being compiled" as- usual, in
terrupted: by frequent telephone calls and
; visitors -with inquiries about the weather
oh Mount ¦-¦ Tamalpais, when .would the
rainy weather finally 1 cease in this sec
'.tion, etc. Outside it -was rather cloudy,
, with; a light- wind fromcthe southeast.
'The storm king gave, no warning that he
would: on- that day -break his previous
-^record •¦..¦•¦;'¦.¦¦•.•¦.¦'¦.¦..'¦¦.¦¦-:¦.¦¦ . - ¦ . .
¦ '-^All the morning. tHe blue-ebatcd mes
| senger • boys were • i coming - and ' goiny,
bringing strange messages, of-douhtful
vmeaning to -the -uninitiated. From:all
points theycame— from Neah Bay to San
Diego.. r A.;i strangely : ciphered document
| from Los Angeles read; ."Angeles', agony,
.dunner. onerous.'.' •sjt'-.was dated 5:17 a. in.
This Is a sample, taken from many cipher
messages • received during a morning.
'.Without stopping to" more; than- g:artce at
>Ttficf wbrdsiotf the dispatch the pencils of
•"the forecaster put down opposite Los An
-;gtele s ? on the map a pressure reading 30.08,
a temperature 48 and an arrow, indicating
"thatv the wind isblowing at.- that po nt
>fr.om the~ r northeast at the rate of eight
: ; miles an hour. The maximum, and mlni
'*mum!"temperatures," the | amount of rain
, fall, the amount and kind, of clou*ds. with
':the direction of their movement, all. were
Vjotted down: ¦? .'.'-'. •¦¦). ¦ { . : '^ l
.' -.These rijessages come in from" every im
*portant point. west of Chicago, and from
r the 'British' possessions as far north, as
,:Edmonton,and Battleford. . Th'ere;is prob
¦'.atilynotih -the'world- a finer "example of
'"rapid "-fconcentratlon - information, for
'••within forty-five- minutes these results of
I the daily 6 Bservatlons are telegraphed .to
•J.the central- office at iWashington.i D*.;C.
vt That- means'.: the covering of millions -of
„. square -mi'lfes of territory in less than an
'\hour.. :- r -r- '.<'-..-', . '¦'j'-,- ¦¦'--¦';.-,. ¦'
• "..-.-Then': the a forecaster began ,'drawing a
- £ ; strange, labyrinth of, 1 lines *. on the . maps.
i 5 The j red J end* of his pencil marks .the iso- •
/¦'"{ bars, 'or continuous Ones,' passing through
t "points of equal air pressure, and. the blue
'lead makes the Isotherms, or dotted lines,
1 •" passing. through points of equal tempera
•'Jf'tUTe. 'He "dictated -"'a 5 succession of -tele-"
1 j grams with ; forecasts 'to. a- number of ¦ dls-
tributing points in all parts of the State.
.Then other messages, with a note of
warning, came, and soon the forecaster
had sent out telegraphic orders to the ob
servers at Eureka and Point Reyes to run
up a flag of warning, for a southeast
storm is on its way and perilously near.
The same orders were also sent to the
display men (men hired at $10 per month
to put up signals) at Point Lobos. Fort
Bragg and Cape Mendocino. and to the
chief wharfinger. . A few seconds later the
sinister red flags were fluttering above
the familiar .wind vane on the Mills build
ing. The streets were darkening and the
people were being driven along under a
windswept rain. The local forecast official
realized from former experiences that he
would have his hands full for the rest of
that day. And so it proved, with a venge
ance. It was not much comfort, now that
the storm had fairly arrived, that from
his morning's data, by comparison with
preceding reports, he might be able to
trace the path of the storm from the time
of its appearance and approximately 'de
termine and forecast its subsequent
course.' Meanwhile he had furnished a
tracing to the printing-room, and there
later, by means of the chalk plate pro
cess. it v was being rapidly stereotyped, and
before long the map was on the press,
with a'l its warnings.
g Before 12 o'clock noon signals were fly
ing along the California coast as far
south as Port Harford, giving warning to
mariners to be on the lookout for a fierce
southeaster. Many. a valuable cargo was
.probably saved through these • warnings.
As- yet in the city there had - not been
much wind. . A light rain had begun at 10
a. m., with a wind" of eight miles per
hour from the southeast. But within the
r.ext few. hours there were great changes.
The rain gauge on the roof. was doing a
big business and fighting Its enemy, the
wind." Messages began to come again,
and the forecaster had big doings to re
cord on his second map for the day. for
a map is matfe each morning and even
ing. Before 5 p. m. the wind had reached
a velocity of thirty-six . miles per hour
from the southeast, and on* the top of the
Mills building the weather detectives felt
powerless. Later came the message that
the wind was blowing at the unheard of
l ate of 108 miles an hour from the south
west at Point Reyes. For nearly three
hours at that- point, the wind : exceeded a
velocity of 100 miles an hour. That near
ly laid out the forecaster, for he had no
. record like it. The wind had provided
him with a new record for the coast.
Even in, the great storm at Galveston,
Texas, two years ago, the wind only
reached a velocity of 100 miles for the
space of two minutes. ¦ On. the night of
March \ its was . not .safe to be in the
shadow of tall buildings, and the Weather
Bureau offices were . full of anxious In
quirers and many messages were coming
in— all having for their burden queries as
ot how high the. wind would finally go.
The map showed forecasts of small but
violent disturbances between Point Reyes
and Cape MendocinoJ -
. What followed Is a matter of history
for within an hour and a half from that
time San Francisco , -was cut off from
communication from the 'rest of the
world: The next morning was Sunday,
and for- the .first time .; in a number of
years the Weather Bureau station in San
Francisco* received "not- a single report
from - the outside. AH wires were down
and the i central -station- at ,- Washington
had . no » direct news ; of all this Western
storm and disturbance, as. the map issued
from there of .'March 2 shows. Then the
forecaster -began -to study the maps and
reports ; that come in to him.' Through
them ¦ he followed the storm : across • Ne-
vada, Utah and the Rockies, going about
as fast as the average express train, but
not keeping to a direct east and west
track. By Monday morning, March 3. ha
was tracking it southward into Texas,
and for nearly forty-eight hours more It
moved slowly across that State—recurv
ing a little south of Abilene. On Tuesday
it crossed Mississippi north ot Vicks
burg. The maps have since shown the
shadowing weather" detective that by
J\ ednesday morning, March 5, his stcrm
had hurried on to the eastern side of the
Alleghenles and was making for the
North. Carolina coast. The next day,
Tnursday morning, after a day of heavy
snow and rain in the Middle Atlantic and
Isew England States, our Paciflc Coast
storm had reached the Nova Scotian
SMh *K ln / m **» a Journey of nerly
5000 miles between Saturday night and the
Thursday following, with. the eye of many
Th»£ ?r ur * an 5i alwa y a u P° n "9 course.
P n e " u ca , re * e £ ed out ove r the great At
£5r A S? a J h % Storm flags ot warning
dotted the Eastern coast. : •> ¦
f^™V>, aS T> th «« fa , mou9 storm retreated
from the Paciflc Coast another one Cam*
in, one of a continual procession through
out the year, and the weather detectives
were on tracking duty again.
rH T^ e St 2 rm * warnlnss oC the bureau are
displayed at over 230 points along the
»%rt£t Ot h he V ?£* d Stat ? s - and »o nearly
perfect has this service become that
scarcely a storm of marked daneet- to
maritime interests has occurred for years
f« r ,,^ h f ch am . ple , warn in?s haV e not been
issued from twelve to twenty-four hours
in advance. The warnings given of the
approach of sudden and destructive cold
waves are probably of the next fmport-
By studying the reports from ship ob
servations and working: them up the biw
reau has often^been able to traci a storm
Sf e ?h/p»??i 8 e Paciflc ' siartln ff »n south
?K he p , hlli PP ln es. a typhoon in character
-the twiiv storm of the West Indian hur
ricane. The section of country for which
western forecasts are made is a territory
covering fifty thousand square miles, with
the Paciflc Ocean on one side. From this
it can be understood that tne forecaster's
knowledge of all the »' tual conditions is
often limited; and so 't happens that he
sometimes slips up in. his forecasts. Th«
weather bureau here is the chief station
west of that at Chicago, with. its many
lake interests It wilt be a lonr 4 Ume be
fore the San Francisco station approaches
those of Washington and Chicago la im
portance. Californians complain that with
twelve stations they haven't enough-, but'
the States of New York and Pennsylvania
have not as many. The Government has
done much, for the West in this regard
and the people benefited should be grate
ful. . Every class is- represented by th»
inquiries received at the bureau here and
particularly during the past six months
have many inquiries been received from
the East as to suitable places and cli
mates far people of moderate? means to
make their homes. These are all an
swered by the sending of printed records
which include reports from the twelve
State stations and the 350 voluntary , ob
server stations. The rainfall and tem
perature being all worked up and pub
lished forms > a complete climatology of
the State. These are the weather de
tectives of the San Francisco bureau-
Alexander G. McAdle. forecast official and
section director: Mr. Willson. local fore
cast official, assisted by Messrs. Norring
ton. Scholl, Smith. Reed, Hyle, Legler
Thomas and Fahlbusch.
This would seem at first, breath a large
force, but J the;many and varied demands
upon the bureau warrant It. And keeping:
track of a windstorm Is the most arduous
work of all..
-rot* Off wev gTOKyy ¦ cLOUP, VIS.WEP fBO W A. MOU'ItT^I li TQy
THE "y SUKDAYJ CALIi^
15
THE WIZARD OF THE STORM
N . T fc-j H. ;i M STR.UHE.N "X ' <
and by^ many voluntary . observers the
force of ' the storm is observed and ' Its
track traced to the point where It van
ishes into sunlight or Into unjtnown space.
It is an" interesting operation this shad-
owing a. storm — each station sends in Irs
clew, and on the map of the forecaster
they form a perfect chairior evidence and
observation, -v ' . _. .^.
Just at this, season, when. storms; and
frosts are. rife, investors and men engaged
in agricultural and manufacturing purr
suits are deluging the weather detectives
with_ anxious .inquiries "regarding . sus
picious actions of the temperature, threat
ened rain or cold, etc.. and the reports of
the bureau are much in demand. ; Still',
the weather man is often told behind his
Lack that his' forecasts are all '"guess
work." As a matter of fact his warnings
are a exeat factor in the-.liyes and/ enter-THE SUNDAY GALL.
16Beginning on Powell and Jackson Street
Lines, Strike Radius Extends
Rapidly Over the City.
Continued on Page Eighteen.
Continued on Page Eighteen.
"The first test of strength was at 6:30
o'clock last night. The public is the best
judge of what this" amounted to; Fully
realizing that to win the street car men
need the sympathy of the genera! public
the officers, assisted by committees, rc-
organization, the snlrit with which the
men, both union and non-union, arc rallv
ing around the union banner presages
speedy victory-
"The street car men are standing out
for their rights. Bullied and oppressed for
years, they are now asserting their man
hood. It is true the public is inconven
ienced, but that is not the fault of the
street car men. We have done all th^t
Eclf-rcfcp^ctins men could be expected la
do toward averting this *trik*. -The op
pression of our employers forced us to
organize, forced us to exercise th* rig-Ms
of American citizenship to join with our
fellows for the protection and improve
ment <if our conditions. Nobly are the
street car men responding" to th*p call v(
duty. The officers of the division are ful
ly satisfied with the results. Working
under the handicap of a tsecret and new
sidering: reports, from the
strikers throughout • the city. Although
a general statement to the public had
been issued earlier in the day, it was
deemed vrl%e to issue a supplemental
statement showing why the strike was
ordered and urba-t the strikers hoped tp
accomplish by the movement- It was also
intended to ehow the - public -how - the
etrike was being conducted and how. it
was purposed to advance it to a success
fur termination. The statement issued,
early this morning is as follows:
r HE executive committee of the
local division 'of the Amalga
mated Order of Street Rail
way Employes of America,
was very busy last night con-
Executive Committee
Issues Another \,
Statement
/N the following state
ment Issued yesterday
morning: the executive
committee of the local
division of the Amalga
mated Order of Street Itail
*\my ISniplo>e« of America
gives its reasons for order
ing the strike!
-To the 1'cople of San
Francisco: For years the
•treet car men of this city
have been in the position
where they had to silently
eubnilt to the whims of a
powerful and nnsvrupulous
corporation. When mnr-
Binri of didcontent srone
they were quickly carried to
Manager Vtning and imme
diate discbarge followed.
The most despicable spy sys
tem was and is still in vogue
on the street cars of San
Francisco.
••Seeing that men all
"round ns organised for the
protection and improvement
of their condition, the street
car men. too. have joined
into a union of their calling.
Manager Vining. calls this
act *dl*]oynlty* to the com
pany, and whenever his epics
detected a onion man he was
immediately discharged, no
matter how long nsd faithful
his services had been.
"For the last three months
the street car men of this
city have tried to avert a
strike and a.t the same time'
save their union. They have
failed to avert a strike. The
Baltimore syndicate, throngh
f ts duly anthorlied represen
tatives, made fair promises
to Major Sehntitr.. If these
promises had been kept no
strike would have been nec
essary. Bnt these capitalists
evidently believe that they
are powerful enough to be
above the laws of morality,
that on*- day they can prom
ise and the next day violate
snch promises. The incon
venience of the pnblic and the
suffering: of the street ear
men are evidently of no mo
ment to these rich men who
¦ re now the owners of near
ly all of the street railroads
of San Francisco.
•We believe that the peo
ple of San Francisco and of
California are with the
street railway men of this
city. We ask for bnt little.
First, we ask for the risbt
to-feefoncr to a union of our
colling-, the rljrhl to exercise
the dearest rigrht of Ameri
can citizenship. ' Second, we
ask that those of our mem
bers who i have been : dis
charged because they exer
cised this riatht shall be re
instated in their former po
sitions. Third, we ask that
ten- hours shall be a rtay's
work and 25 cents per hour
the pay. Vast fortunes have
been made by, the late own
er* of the street railroads of
San Francisco.- '.Vaster for
tunes have been made
thronprh the- late deal by the
new owners. Millions npon.
millions of bonds have lieen
saddled upon the people of
this city, ns the first move.
Rich and poor. alike will be
taxed to pay interest on
these- bonds. The second
move Is nn attempt to re
duce the conditions- o/flie
••treet car men of t*tl«« &*¦*-.
We nrotest atrainst.tht".' £W«
shall try to make our pro
test Rood by stopping work.
We ask your sympathy and
Tour support to our- just
cause. *
•MSIcn^d):
••R. COnXELtl.T'S.
"President.
«3f. T. JAXB. " .
I "Secretary.
"OFORCE PTNGWIIX.
"Vimn-^cl"t «»rr««<arT.
"KEVBV JOHVSOX,
"v. n. mnxox, i
" * XPRFV *OF R\«HX,
"TV. T. r. «JOT.r>KVHI,,
"M. V. RrilKE. -
oROIIKBT KEVS.
«W'AI,TPB S. !CRAl<,
'THABM5S CT.4.IR.
"R. HHrBTIJFF.
"iAMKS CARBOU,
"M. GOPTOVICH."
CARMEN ASK
SUPPORT OF
THE PEOPLE
CARMEN LEAVE POSTS AND SYNDICATE
LINES ARE TIED UP FOR THE NIGHT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902^FORT^ PAGES^
VOLUME XCI— NO. 141.
' "For the last two months I have tried
by* 'every 'means in my power to avert
this strike, and I will say for the union,
men -that- they .did everything in their
power to bring, about a peaceful settle-,
"meht.' I knbw, 'too-, that It was owing to
.the stubbornness, of. the railroad people
that a peaceful settlement was not had.
The "last," resort,^ the strike, was decide! -
on. "(Applause;). ,¦.. v. ; *' " .
-have. received-news. ta.the effect, that
all of ' the "street^ car. lln*s are tied up'ex
cept a\few- of' the, electric ; lines. "(Cheers.).
A'af Mayqr of ; San Franctscbj I, intend to ,
I do my" duty, my whole dnty.:byt; I; want
it < understood : tHat the striktng workmen
"will; receive' -fair 'treatment at my hand*. "
(Prolonged applause.) I owe my ' election'
tothe office of Mayor to .the* votes of the'
¦wage-earners of^San Francisco,, and I in
tend; •¦to; show the- people . of the city of . •
San. Francisco, ; .and of the; whole State
that a. '.wage earner when put at the head
of tbc ; government can and will admin Is- ;',
ter- the affairs of the city as well as a
"I desire to tell you that I do not ap*
pear here as the Mayor, of San Francisco,
but as "a common citizen of the common
people. . • - v . ¦
,l**But my heart is sad, for since my ar
rival here I have been. informed, that a
strike is. on. in .San Francisco. My heart
is sad because I know, if this strike con- .
tlnues > long*, that the families' of some of
the street-railway employes will suffer.
. "But I do not take it all to myself.
This ' demonstration was not given alone
for the honor of the Mayor of San Fran
cisco, but,for r men_known to be in. sym
pathy with . the organized wage-earners
of, San Francisco.
"Mr. President. Mayor Clark and fel
low wage-earner3: I thank you sincerely
for the kind reception and. Mayor Clark
for his kindly. words of welcome. I was
agreeably, surprised at the welcome which
met me here in your fair city.
.The views of Mayor . Schmitz on the
s,trike were embodied in a speech made by
him : last, evening at Sacramento before
the members of the Council of Federated
Trades of .that city. The Mayor spoke a»
follows: •-..
It is likely that the executive committee
will hold a meeting to-day and Issue: a
statement as to its attitude on the strike
of the company's employes.
-•"We 'may? not be -able to run our usual
number of cars," said one of the officials
of the company, "but we will' have car*
running on every route." .
Neither President Arthur Holland nor
General. Manager Vining consented to
make , any . public j statement after the
strike -was declared . on. . Although re
quests were made tftiat the officials give
some., statement. to_ the public as to the
strike situation, nothing: was forthcoming.
It • was . stated. ; however, ¦ on authority
that the executive committee .of the
United Railroads did not view with any
alarm the actions of some of their em
ployes . in quitting work and that the
street-car service of the city woujd be re
sumed-this morning on all the lines.
. nouncement , of - a similar na
ture after the employes pt the organiza
tion had succeeded in stopping travel on
certain street-car lines.
Vw^HG statement made by the ex
.^l..M.-^ecutive committee of the Unit-
B ed Railroads, before the strike •
• B' went into -effect last evening",
-^sL was not- followed -by- any an
Mayor Schmitz Talks,
but Viningls
silent.
"In conclusion the compa
ny is ready ( at any time to
consider carefully any com
plaint made by any employe."
"The announcement has
been made that It has never
occurred to the new manage
ment to rednce -wages,* bat.
on the contrary, it has been
determined that wherever
the compensation on other
lines is less than that Riven
by the Market Street Rail
way, such compensation
shall be raised to the same
basis. The high wages and
the additional payment for
long service have resulted In
the protection . of the trav
eling: public by lecurinsr
men who can be entrusted
with the task of safely
transporting 100,000,000 an
nually.
"The company wonld state
that the wages paid here are
exceeded practically no
where and that It Is at pres
ent expending an -additional
sum of about S"0.000 a
year to employes of Ions:
standing.
"It is the Intention of this
company, after nn early and
complete survey and exam
ination of the system, to
spend large stxma for Im
provement of service and in
crease of the facilities af
forded the pnblic.
"The transfer of the va
rious properties has been no
recently made that It is nec
essary for the present, that
"the varloo* component parts
be operated separately as be
fore, and. a considerable time
will lapse before the organi
zation Is completed.
"Xo complaint has
been. received from any em
ploye of the company, bnt in
view of the present situation
the .following: statement is
made by the executive com
mittee: :¦: y ¦ii-.^-ii :.+..¦¦ '
r*E rxecntivc committee
of the in I ted Railroads
of San Franrfjieo : han
isnued thts statement:
STATEMENT
GIVEN OUT BY
CORPORATION
Continued on ' Page Eighteen. .
Con'.-Jnued on Pago TligV.teer.
PROPERTY RIGHTS
WILL BE PROTECTED
! : M-rfl 'the United 'Railroxids: of i San "Francisco: ¦-. Replying Jo '.
.., ; ; J^J^>xou'i%. communication ¦ '.of Seven. datc;iyou : arc- respectfully . -
r -'' ' '.':¦'*'.': --V ". ', informed : tH at ,^
' •-no /lawlessness.' seems -imminent \qr^probcblci-fwnxC^lid)iy
* knitted.: :TJic$crsm^
t«' v resident sidc^ojlthrcbnh-avct'sv^zvill , / j
'¦be equally ';./ 'aijiy "audladeguately: protected^: ,\ ] '-..¦/; \ : _..:..
: v r7 -/^'----.:->^ ¦¦)!-¦: :">^ : \ t^K'^HSM^^'^^^M^fM^ 1 ' -
1 'J} : .''.-. -:. "^- '••-¦ C-Ma'yqriof;ihc .City 'YandlCouiiiylofSaj^Fraiicisco. ..
UAttcst?:lGEORGE^B^ ¦-, . , . ,j
,-•' */ SaiyFraiiciscb^ ' ¦'-.'.'¦ ' ;-, )
. One: smalKriot- occurred; at Market. and
McAllister streets,' and a' f ew^carfwi'ndow?
were smashed •-at.;,", other points, ,But.\ iii
every; case >it !_was\the w-ork of boys 'and
hoodlums. % Early/in* the Veveniriglan'as
'sault;wasImade,;oh\ a / Powell -street 'con
ductor who refused \ to '.'leave : : hisfcar,*, but
Strikers and : members ¦: of ¦ the ''i unioii com
mittee auicklv'millefl Ihis^ ansfl.11atiti«^oi»*ai
¦ ¦;•;,.- - ¦ ."•¦ ' '¦'•¦'¦ U*^
. Saturday" night . crowd, ?' was
making its way downtown. The' first 1 blow
of th'e. strike -was. delivered just', after 'the |
change. of fihift.s : 'tlio.better ; to ; insure the
successful inauguration of-the^movf rnVnt. '
A larger .proportion r'of.vdirsatipfied.' men ,
are on the less .desirable'.'nig-ht-:runp.:Vnrl
the leaders (.•bunted ,Avith'."reaRoh ; on! their/
ready acquiescence. '¦ _ ¦ V-' : '_/ ¦•'¦'; : ':f :<
; The" inception '.of theStrtkV was. marked'
b'y.exccllent-spirit; on; the part the^men. :
There was' no violence on .the'^part of /the ..
carmen.'- arid in ;, numerous | instancpS:* they •
exerted .themselves most i energetically*, to ;
prevent" oyerenthusiastic" sympathizers'
from ' disgracing* and . 1 imperiling < their
caused ; ';-.'''- 'J:,'- V, ¦,;.^-'\' .. "- ¦••'";¦ ¦: ¦¦¦:.*:' ' ;U.'.
SAN 'fRANCTSCAXS ..were/left
suddenly. gJsvTthcmt '..the ' ; U3ual
facilities for rapid' t ransit) Ia3t.
evening' at., time.™ when
theate'r-gofirsr and." the.'; usual
Peaceful r Methods Are
; Used:by :^MehjLea^^^
ing Positions. :.
Sacramento ; last evening when ,* the . strike
began,; but he will j tak'e an early; train for
this, city- this morning Ho .be -present in
person' and "see "thafthe' law "is" observed
and ', personal ?' and property rights pro
tected. * V. '¦• •¦ ¦ *.* • • • v :." : v v •
' The \ corner . of Powell, and Market
arid<>T\rathfully .warned^ them -^ to '. desist
fromisucn'methodsT- ¦.-.*-' •• -•¦,.:
'.gathered I along >Powell '-\ arid
Market stfeets,'";and the* police; with dlfh
culty/kepf the; way oppn.-^ " : \ : -.'-.. " ¦' '-
y MAYOR ; TO, 'HASTEN : ; HOME^ \
Mayor Schmitz..has;ea.ld. repeatedly -that
order-must ? be "maintained; 1, lie :was ? in
While the undersigned hare no .knoivlcdgc as to what re- \
suits may follo"w the threatened 'action 'above referred to, it was
deemed advisable that the nxaiier should be brought to yoitr atten
tion and that you be nptifickfthahthc city and 'county > oj ',- San :
Francisco will be held responsible if or an\y ! and all-loss' to the
United Railroads of San Francisco resulting from any uiilaw- '¦
ful acts of. those zvho may cause" any ;inji&y' to be' done to any of the
property of the United. Railroads 'of -San: Francisco in' connection *
with any of the foregoing matters " or ¦ othenvisc.. 'Respectfully;
submitted, :^v' ;• •'.. '.• •'. ¦'.:, /- : ¦ - - :v '~\ \\
By ordct -of [the Executive 'Committee 'of ihc;Board of Direct ors
. . of the MNITED KrAICrOADSOF^SAN^ANCISCO. \
AttcsU; GEORGE ;B;:WJL&
• Sa\y Francisco/ Apr jd, 19 11 90 2 /';.';¦ '
/TT\ O ¦ His Honor, Eugene. E. LS'chiiiitp, Mayor of Saw .
B - Francisco — SIR: : It has come-to the notice of the un-
X -dersignedthai certain 'persons in ; this" city threaten toj.
• - : -cause, or attempt Jo caiisc, a strike among the . employes
of the several street raihvay co\m panics 'iiuhosc properties ivcrc
recently purchased hythc-'Umted^Railroads of San Francisco,
but which properties arc still, being operated by the sci'cral sell
ing companies. • ' , . "•; " ,
COMPANY DIRECTS
LETTER TO MAYOR
SKETCHES OF FINANCIAL SECRETARfVANDM
-. TEE, OF, THE RAII>WA YEMEN'S 'UN10N;?AND 'A 'SCENE "ON: MARKET STREET .LAST' NIGHT
AVHEN THE- LAST CAR" WAS 'DESERTED ' BY 'ITS -.CREW. i. .V< ¦ ; > . ' . ? •¦, \. - - ; .- - ; ' -v ->- ' '-.•-•'
the city., except these of the California
street Railroad Company and the Union
street line this morning when the -first
cars are scheduled to start to induce the
men of the day shift to join those who
left the -cars' on the night run and make
the tie-up complete. They assert that but
few men .will refuse to come into the
ranks of the strikers and that by to-mor
row' or";Tuesday at latest the companies
wJlKr.ot^be able to move a car except
those carrying United States m3il unless
they. accede to the demands made upon
ihem. - ','-.'.[
VINING IS SILENT.
-Manager "Vining of j tHe Market-street
system,' ; the-, center of the strike on
slaught,'declines to make any statement
whatever. Neither he nor any other of
the, railroad.. men : hold any consultation
with the strikers last night. The Mayor
The strike was more of the nature of a
temporary walkout of motormen, grip
men and conductors in response to tlje ap
peal of the committees- from the ,new
unionj but the leaders say that their rep
resentatives will be at every carhbuse in
most sanguine of their j own
number. All the V lines running into
and along Market street, the Powell' arid
Jackson street Ifpes, . the Bacramento
street line, the Third-street and.Mission
street lines, the San Alateo system, the
Ellis, Eddy and I^arkin street lines. ; and
the Harrison-street. line- we're : all tied up,
more or less completely, and f the^superin
tendents made no attempt to move .. the
cars except to get them- run to 'the car
houses for the nisrht.
rHE dissatisfied carmen inaug
urated the streetcar strike last
evening, and . the success of
their first strategic moves sur
prised all but a few of the
Dissatisfied Employes Set Brakes of Their
Cars and Join the Ranks of the
Union Organizers.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Effort Will Be Made This Morning to In
duceDayShift Men to Decline
\: to Go on Runs;
The San Francisco Call.
Mesl7to28
Pages 17 to 28Continued From Page Seventeen.
Continued From Page Seventeen.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
meeting was held to de*t^rmine upon plans
for to-day. ¦
RIOTOUS MOB
WRECKS MARKET
STREET CARS
Continued on Page Nineteen'!'
What ¦ threatened for a time to develop
Into a. serious riot occurred last night at
That the Police Department may be
able to cope with* the situation an order
was issued at the City Hall police station
last night, ; Instructing all policemen) who
ordinarily report for- duty at noon of each
day. to report at 7 o'clock this morning.
Every policeman in the^clty has been'or
dered: to b.d' on .hand for •¦¦ special- duty.
While no serious ! trouble , is looked >for,
the • police authorities are .taking every
precaution to-be in readiness for emerr
gencles. ¦•¦•;.-•• .¦/-¦.-• . \ , v
During: the attack of some ruffians on
the cars of the Market-street line near
Slxtfi street a boy named Joseph .-Wren
had his wrist cut by flying glass. His
injuries were treated at the Emergency
Hospital.
Some fifteen cars of the Larkln-street
line were held up -by the strikers opposite
trte'Clty Hall at, 10 o'clock last night and
some very effective prosely tlngr done.
Many of the grlpm'en'and conductors, ob
jected to leaving ."their -/posts', .'.but,; after,
some argument: they consented, to .quit
their ' cars' as soon as they had been
housed. Within' an hour the crews of all
the cars' agreed to •jgJn"tfieTrahks of »the'
strikers/. 'No; op^psltion'^was made to 'the
turning in. of : the .cars," and ;; when they
were-housed , the. men' went QVLt t \ declaring
their intention- to stand out .'until their,
demands .¦ were ; acceded to by .the com
pany. ¦¦• ••¦ ¦::,.¦:; . .:«.-,. ¦ ' .' : ;
. The , San Mateo electric cars were held
up at the corner of Fifth. and Harrison
streets about 10 o'clock. ' and .in a. few
.minutes traffic ceased, cars were'
deserted by their crews and at.midnlgnt
they, were still standing in the street.
Every car that arrived was stopped' and
the crews without exception' walked out.
In anticipation of trouble a wagon load
of policemen, was sent^ out. Aside from
keeping the crowds back the officers had
little trouble.
LARKINSTREET
AND SAN MATEO
LINES TIED UP
After the theaters where the people com
menced to look for, their cars - to go to
their homes, they crowded ; jo thestopplng
places and waited. long, in vain for the
welcome .light 'of a car to appear. The
residents from Oakland and Berkeley and
the other towns across, the bay streamed
down to the "ferry in long lines.: makiny
the time agreeable by hoping for the end
of the difficulty; 7 • ¦:-. . " ;
Carriages and hacks and conveyances of
all kinds . excepting street cars did a
thriving business. After, the plays a ve
hicle could scarcely be obtained at any
price. — ~ ;¦ . - • ..
the Sacramento : street line was rendered
uselesstfornhe time being. ' The tieup on
th J s } [r i e occurred at- the ferry and was
affected without the least outbreak. The
conductors, and -gripman peaceably quit
their stations and after a number of cars
had become stalled the company had them
< £? to tn e shed and stored for the
night. '.-'- ¦ • :,• ¦ ¦
-One of the last lines to be interrupted
last night_ was the Mission and Third
street. ; The strikers seemed \ to hesitate
about attackinsr this road and the thou
sands of residents of the Mission were in
tnV'ope that it would riot be obstructed,
i out u o'clock the signal was given
and $i)S. del egates of the union stopped
car .lioa between- Market -and - Mission
streets. The delegates were assisted by
f, sreat mob of men and boys, who intim
idated the reluctant car -men into leaving
tnelr . cars. Car 1106 was stopped soon after
car 1103, and as one of these cars was
on each track the blockade was made
very effective. So great did the enthusi-
Si m k t the roob become, while the cars
being stopped that a small riot was
wi m o s H P^^ ltated at the corner of Mar
«.. Poii T i li . rd stre ets. Sergeant Mahoney ,
was called into service and, with the as-
STStorlSi" OX/ 1 . pollcemen \ ««cceeded
m?r^ O t r h e Q « he s l rlk <had been in operation
n / n hour^The general public had
V^tli Ce * sreat inconvenience and had
w^jh fei> vently wish that the trouble
w2ri ifc 00 ? b ? adjusted.. The. theaters
were the heaviest sufferers by reason of
e f m-f;TVK M r- Gottlol^ of the Columbia
htn i 1* hat ever V- amusement house
?hf 1?3 about $m - On Saturday 'nights
onm^ udl f nce f at. the theaters are chiefly
composed, of people who have 'secured
their seats in advance, and for this reason
me size of the- audiences were not de
?Z ea . s i a }° any. great extent. Gottlob said
that had the strike occurred inline mid
dle of the week the theaters would have
suffered to,. a very great extent. - r
,. At the Central it. was stated
tnat_not one of the people who had or
dered seats over the telephone appeared
at the box office to make good their order.
This was true to a 1 great extent in all
the other theaters. " .,¦
The people across the. bay did not know
that the strike was, to be put In effect last
night, and so they crowded over on the
boats to attend the different plays.'- When
they reached the ferrVon this side and
looked out onMarket street and saw that
the cars were standing still their faces
lengthened and it did not require an ex
pert mind reader to perceive that they did
not relish the prospects of the long tramp
to the ¦ theaters . and . other • places of
amusement. ¦
Continued From Page Seventeen. ¦.
MAYOR SCHMITZ:
here husband was shot and killed some
months ago. The complaining witness
against her Is A. Kenerleber, who own*
an adjoining shooting gallery. He allege*
that she Is constantly abusing him ana
accusing him of being implicated In th«i
Sa 0 s°e t i K o g n O |L 1 c e a r sh h b U a S 5 and : She Wa9
city . will never be erased from the mind
of your humble servant.'*
Abuses Her Business Rival.
• Mrs. Lena Oppenheimer was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging her
with disturbing the peace.- She owns the
shooting gallery on Duppnt street, wher*-
.Not' the' least ¦ trouble -was experienced
by' the strikers In, tying. up the San Mateo
electric line. When -several- cars became
stacked up' between -; Fourth: and"> Fifth
streets . on : Harrison and the whole ser
vice on that line was thoroughly demoral
ized, the ; strikers permitted the men to
take" their, cars 'Into: the . sheds '^ with the
tacit -understanding • that r they . would ' be
abandoned there. r . • ¦;¦ ¦»¦;••' .' :-: . .
'¦¦; In the" same manner abbut 'an hour later '
'. s -i '¦ '."¦¦-¦¦:': \"'' :s'-~ ." l 'i ¦>"'^ ¦-¦.•¦* '¦':''' :'¦'¦'.¦¦'• .'
All the lines that were tied up last night
were stopped in the same sudden; manner
as: the •Powell? and Market: street cars. '¦¦
Everything ivas done as if by preconcert
ed plan. The San Mateo - electric 7 llne, ;
which was the third." to feel the 'effects, of
the strikers' mandate, .was interrupted at'
the;corner of Fifth and Harrison, streets.
At- this point about. 8:30 car 55, whlle'on
its .Outward bound trip, ' was boarded 1 . by
one of ; the ' strikers' delegates . and the
gripman was. requested • to-quit'his;posi
tion. As he stated afterward, he had ex
pected to stop at that place and was pre
pared tefcassume his place in the ranks of
the strikers. - A: few moments , later; car
42,-. also '.outbourid.V'ca'me Hup :^ and : was
stopped;, as was car 50 when it- reached
the- scene of: obstruction.. , , >>*- ..
• to Mayor Clark of Sacramento,
Schmltz asked, "Is there any train that I
can. get home on to-night?" •• ',-- "¦¦
¦ ' ' Presley Johnson, secretary of. the* Coun
dlof Federated : Trades, said: "We
-you ; will not : think of returning ' to-night,
Mr. Mayor. We are , counting on having
you with us: to-morrow." - ;. S' >j
*•« "Now, that -the strike is on I may have
to go home tooner than I expected,": said
Mr. Schmitz:."I cannot decide now, but I
feel :that - 1» ought.- to get back-tto San
Francisco.' : I', have, I, fear, lent my pres
ence h ere when • I . should ; have - stayed - in
San ' Francisco,; but : I ; am ¦ here,- and , r de
sire again to - return; my ; thanks for thrs
reception: and to = assure you - that . the
memory .^pf ! this nightiln. your beautiful
.¦~ "I -cannot. speak advisedlyjat this mo
ment , concerning the strike. 1> have been
advised that it has begun, but of nothing
of the. details." • -.- •. - .: •¦- . - :
millionaire or an employer." I hope I shall
so manage as tobringr credit to the wage
earners of -San Francisco and of-.' the
State. ¦";- ¦¦: .; ' . "• .. ' ; - '¦. :"-}~ '•¦'¦'
¦ ."I . propose when I go out of. office 'to
leave behind me a progressive, conserva
tive I though not ¦ a . radical administration
—a' clean . one— so that no man can say
aught against the integrity of Eugene E.
Schmltz,^the Mayor .wage-earner of San
Francisco. : •' , "¦¦'.'* ¦:¦•¦.
. I'Thls is a time for dancing, and not for
speechmaklng, and I fear I have said 'too
much, but ' I. want to say that 'in me the
wage earners have now, and always will
have a stanch friend. ¦.-:.-. . .
THEATER-GOERS
SUFFER FROM
THE TIE-UP
quested the men to take the cars to the
barns. A meeting. held at 117 Turk street
ratified this action. . '
"It was decided, however, that outside
of the California, Hyde, Union arid Geary
street lines the men should not take -out
their cars in the morning. Committees
were appointed ; to personally give needed
orders to accomplish . this. Headquarters
is at 117 Turk street,-' phone Howard 2051
"The lines of battle are drawn. On the
side of the employers stand grim oppres
sion, broken promises, certainty of 'lower
wages and longer hours for the street car
men of this city. On the side of the union
are the desire for justice* for living wages
and shorter- hours and withal the sym
pathy of the public, as . expressed last
night. The genius~of our country that
guided Washington to win in the struggle
against the oppression of King George,
the genius which aided Lincoln to liberate
millions of black staves', that genius we
imptore.'tb staridT w-ith us, the street car
m«n'<of <tMS; city." Our wrongs are as
many, :onr- cause; is as just as -that for
which .our ¦ancestors fought. People of
Ban •! Francisco, :.,wo, ask your sympathy
end I support. ; Our -'enemies have wealth
and influence/ \y^ ; have but numbers and
the' justlce^pf.our.'ca^use, which, however,
with- your support, "will give us victory.
¦ "RICHARD CORNELIUS. President."
At 10 o'clock the striking carmen began
toe colleet-at tlte Ijeadquartefs. 117- Turk
street, and later an informal meeting was
held and the action of the men in run
ning their cars' to the carhouses was in
dorsed. The strikers "were all Instructed i
j to be out bright and early -this morning,
to induce the day-shift : men; not' .to. go i
out. Cornelius presided at this meeting,
which was attended by. about 100: strikers.
President Goff. Commissioner ".Michael
Casey and Edward Rosenberg were'-lnter
ested spectators, bnt did not .participate'
In the business of the meeting. '.A; later;
•- ;.'• '-.•.• 'a ¦ ¦'¦-•.» . \
railroad . companies ¦ superintended .. the
housing of the cars and the men for most
part consented readily to take their cars
lit-: " .:•¦¦- ' ••.:¦. ....¦
streets was the Etorm center, and until
the' streets were cleared of the deserted
caw there was constant danger of a
clash between some of the employes who
refused to quit their stations and crowds
who collected about them. The streets
were thronged with people with all at
tention directed to the streetcar men,
from Grant avenue, along Market as far
as McAllister, and out Powell to Geary
street. c ; .
Tree rides were the rule as cars were
taken, coppled in twos and threes, ta the
carhquses. Subordinate . officials of the
STREETCAR "MEN LEAVE THEER .POSTS'
Cornelius and several members j of the
committee at. once paid a visit to Super
intendent Thrall and assured him that no
interference with the - mail service was
intended. They said tbjsy were law-abid
ing' citizens' and hoped to- keep strikers
and sympathizers from any Infraction of
the law. :¦-.:. .- - ..
•"Pepalty for; obstructing the mall.— Any
person who shall . knowingly and' willfully"''
obstruct or retard the passage of the mail.'* ¦
or, any carriage, horse, driver, or carrier • !
carrying "the same, ' shall, for every such'
offense, be punished by a fine of not more
than flOV* - - . ¦ - ¦'¦¦¦:,
•':'.. It is held that, a« .relating ' to street-car'
service, the section of the Revised Statutes •.
above referred to covers the forcible deten- I
• Uon..«f -the' niail • cars carrying • the . United • ¦
States: malls, in transit, by an organized/' '
or disorganized body of men, or- tha pre- "
yentlng of. .any mail car, or other car car- "
ra'ing, the mails, or vehicle. . from starting
t tvnr a. depot,: or other place from which it
, is; customary for it to start, or the assault
.. upbn a driver." conductor, S motorman or ;
.gripman. who is in charge of such mail and
whose duty it is to convey It to destlna
• UohV - v •. . . . . . •
For your information will say : that rail
way -pofetof flee cars (mail cars) are run "
./under- regular contract: with the Market- ,
.: street -Railroad- Company on Hayes "street '
:-betwee». Ferry. Station Postofflce and Stan- r ''
ryan street; on East and Mission Btreete, be- "
:t ween /Ferry: Station Postofflce and Twen^ '
ty-aecond street, and Clay, Larkln and Sae
rannento streets, between . Ferry Station '
Postofflce and the carhouse at the intersec- v
tion of Sacramento street and Central ave- '
nue 1 . v; ••_•'. . •• ¦ . . . - - . • •¦ • . . .
•,.. Closed " mail pouches are also carried un- •
• def regular contract on' regular passenger "
cars on Market, between Ferry Station
Postofflce and Station G, at the intersectlon
¦ofc Seventeenth and Market streets, and at: '
Market and Hayes streets; between" Ferry "
Station - Postofflce and • Station - H,' . at 602
.Hayes. street, and on Clay,- tarkln and
, Sacramento .streets, between station F,.lo- "
cated on Sacramento street, . between Fill
more and Steiner streets, ¦ and Ferry Sta- '•
tion Postofflce. • Very respectfully, -
H. P. THRALL., Superintendent.' ¦ '
.Under the instructions of the .Postofflce
Department at Washington it is my duty,
whenever: the . mail service is Interrupted,
or/ liable to; be interrupted by; strtkes, -to
call the 'attention, of the leaders of the
strike to section 3905,.- Revised Statutes
(section 694 of the postal lav/a and regula
tions of. 1893). This section reads as fol
lows: ¦¦>¦ : -' ¦ , •. .-.'.' . ' ••/.¦¦'
MAILS MUST MOVE.
President Cornelius received the follow
ing communication early In the day:
Railway Mail Serviced Of flee of Superin
tendent. Eighth Division, H. P. Thrall,
"Superintendent. -• .. ¦ •
' . SAN FRANCISCO, April 19, 1902. .
Mr.- Richard Cornelius, President or Di
vision 205, Amalgamated, Association Street .
'Railway Employes — Sir: It is of general
report that a strike of the employes of the .
Market-street Railway system will .occur
in the near future, which ls liable to inter
. rupt the transmission of the malls on the
several street-car ¦ lines In this city on
*»whlrt mail service has been regularly au
¦ thorized. . v .
As yellow and green cars came down
Powell street in~rapid succession the
strikers appealed to the crew of each in
turn, and with few exceptions the' men
left their posts. For the most part they
came with their cars into the crowd that
began to fill the street, with looks of as
tonishment on their, faces. Some hesi
tated about leaving their cars, while oth
ers promptly stepped down the moment
the brakes were set. •".:
A crowd gathered rapidly and filled the
street, extending up Powell as the line of
stalled ;cars grew/until "from Market to
Geary , sidewalks arid street were 'filled
.with the. curious and an army of strike
sympathizers. Men who refused at first
to\leave their posts or who hesitated too
long to please the crowd were jeered and
taunted with cries of "Scab," and few of
them "stood out long against the pressure.
•: By -a; Quarter past 7 o'clock the line of
yellow and green cars reached almost 'to
Geary street, and the' company | began
stopping its cars as they reached the car
house, realizing' at last that there was no
Hope of "keeping the line open.
Cornelius arid" his men then turned their
attention to thejMafket-street cars, after
hes.ftatlng for a time between those lines
.and the Geary-street cars. ' '.'
A Valencia-street car. No. 39, was the
first to be stalled on Market street. : ? It
was outward bound, and its gripman de
serted it opposite Powell "street' at a
quarter past 7 o'clock. After that- the line
extended' rapidly down Market as far as
Grant avenue, and on the other track as
far cut as McAllister street. Crowds con
gregated with surprising rapidity and the
•scenes on Powell street were repeated on
a. magnified scale. . > ¦ .'¦ .- •. y
The strikers extended their' "operations
rapidly to. the San Mateo, the Sacramento
street, the Harrison-street and" finally to
the- Third and Mission • street lir.es. tying
up the last two named after half-past
10 o'clock. Prior to the hour, set for tht
first blow/little wa« done in way of prep
aration by the union's committee. The
strike circular was pteiced In the hands of
the carmen and developments were await
ed. _ , . .. .
LINE KAPIDLY EXTENDS.
The" -strike ¦" was inaugurated fat 6:30
o'clock. Richard Cornelius, president of
Division No. 205, Amalgamated Associa
tion of -Street Railway Employes of
America, and a^ dozen members of the
union, all; wearing badges;, left the head
jjuarteis at the Turk-street Temple at 6;ij
o'clock. Most of the delegation went di
rect to Powell and Market streets and
wait ed for . a particular car to arrive, the
gripman of •which could be depended upon
to' leave' _hi« qar. ¦: That gripman was A.
H.< Johnson; of 'car K6. 477 of the Jackson
street-llri^.. ; When that car reached the
end of .'the run>.at 6.30 o'clock, Johnson
was gi\;en, the -word and he at once set
his brake and . down off the car,
amid the cheers of the committee and the
crowd of , that had already
begun to collect;-. The conductor hesitated
for-, avmoment and ;then gayey.in. to the
solicitations of. : the ? strike' committee and
also left. the car.. V- y.\ '. * ;, ; ;
has been asked to look to the protection
of the property, of the street railway com
panies,; and there' is' every evidence that
the railroads intend to make a fight of it.
Continued) From .Page Seventeen.
GRIPMEN^ MOTCpvppr
WORK ON MMf^LDSfES
THE SAK FKAKGISCO-CALL, STJNBAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
18
t^i^^^a^c^^^^^mj^ executive committee.
COMRADES : 'The .following demands have been made on the company :. IV ages shall r be o-V"-
flat rate of 25 certts per hour, and ten hours per day and zvork to be performed within
;- - rtzvelye consecutive hours. -^- ( \' "*-_!-' >v^>V y
That the company keep' hands off in regard to organization. *' ] r
' '4 "And; that. men be: allowed;;^ .be. free American citizens when* off duly... ~ '^ =: ~
¦ . These demands have been refused. We therefore have decided to strike this Saturday -even- '
;; ing, but as to time of quitting zvork, each carman will await, verbal instructions.
;. We ask your hearty co-operation. By order of Executive Committee. . '*
:; . WIT. JANE, Secretary. R. R. CORNELIUS, President. v j
[¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HB"
I HOW IS #\^ \A/¥-¥A/ r o
\-:-ff^^yOU^^\^ y° n continue to suffer I
I \i r%T^r S from Stomach Tronble, Con- |
1 1liST0MACH# sti P ati0D »%gish Liver, S
! II W' Piles » Fai'wg Health and a
I W^^^^^/ Weak Nerves? |
J tase. Come to us at once and have a thorough X-RAY examination made U
J :; mi^Vo™!,"™ chflSS""" '. UC ?.T "° a f our -">" a ° d '»>pi?«a iwthoa. g
I ;:,' Our tenatf are reasonable. If you cannot call write us about your case ¦
j JEFFERSONSANirARIUM, 779 GeaJry St, Fr^ co I
IIIIBIIlllIBBIIIIlIi|| B ||| IIBnn| | Hn||||| B
THIS WEEK!
o- ; — : : — — — : _ _ — _^
Should the contemplated street-car strike go into
effect and you are inconvenienced thereby, we will
deliver your order promptly. Telephone South 756
O -J _ o
Mennetfs Talcum Powder^ .. . . .... /. . . . . . . .2 for 25c
Regrular price 15c * . ' /¦**¦ ¦
Belladonna Plasters 4 for 25c
; Regular price lOc ' »¦*• * '.-'" ¦'•""'
LieMg's Malt Extract, 15c: ,1 doz." $1.T5
hef?ular price 20c
Witch Hazel. . . . . . . x . . \ W*i .... .20c
Regular price 25c ].-/'-/. : . ; V".. ' I
Pernna, 85c . '. . . ¦'.:. .... . . 4 bottles $3.6o ¦
Mtfnyotfs Soap — ... ........ ... ... ... ./.... . . ... ioc
Trusses from. ;.;;. '. y ... . . , ;. . .$i.po
Bring your Prescriptions to us and save 50 per cent. .
O . . ; I — — — — ¦ ¦ ; ;[*: " ¦ .' .. "''/ -Q-
Camera Dcpartm2nt.
Developing Printing and Eyes tested free by an Expert
Mounting at lowest rates. 2O Optician. ;.
per cent discount on all Cam- Oculists'.' prescriptions for
eras. Kodaks and Photo Sup-, glasses accurately filled.
plies. • : .
2? NO EERCENTAGE DRUG CO.
949-951; MarketrStneet;
v ' v WE' GIVE TRADING- STAMPS! ' y > '-''- '.?£-•.
DAP!/ AHUIT 9
IT'S YOUR KIDNEYS!
Mrs. Frances W. Gresham, Secretary and Treasurer Higher
League of Educational Society, Washington, D. G-,
Says She Was Permanently Cured by
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
A TRIAL BOTTLE OF WARNER'S SAFE CURE. THE WORLD'S GREATEST
KIDNEY CURE. SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE TO EVERY READER QP
Diseased or weak Kidneys cause Thousands both men
more trouble and complications than , 1 m m and women havfi'klrtnpv
any oiher sickness If the Kidneys /^^^^ disease ™nd' do not kno^
become diseased and are unable to do ilS^^^SSei it. It is heredltarv If
tl.eir work properly, the liver becomes any of your farnilv" (n
arfected, then the bladder, the urinary ffl^tSS^Wi&k this or past ' sreneratinr,"
tK ¥% bl °° 4 and the .^omach. %tt*^ have '.°been ! trouwS wImI
The blood becomes impoverished, the «C| tShmBk kidney disease" of a >w
urine becomes muddy and will have a &1 . form vou cannot be too
brick dust sediment if it stands for 24 . V gP 7 careful You «hould
hours, the liver becomes torpid and \e» W ¦"¦ ' make"a test of vour ini
pains in the back are almost constant \" a.tesj ot^ your kid-
as the s\-stem becomes pregnated with > »C_' onrp an<i
the disease, the stomach is rendered sa.tVe'Vr,,
"nabje _to digest the food properly, the .- IJ^ffffl ?>*. -V' '" !'ourSe!f^
This state of affairs could be avoid- I . -- <¦ '\wjs&m^j0^-' _.^ r h eum a -'
cd if every one was careful to test MVviill 1 '^ tlsm,' ; rheu-
urine- as soon as they felt the first Vmw\W\WnilillK^C -1-^ . * i' maticgout.
backache: then if any trace, ot kidney . \^^\MY|ffl|\^7 ¦ ' inflammation-, of
ditease shenvs itself, get a bottle of »_• -: ¦ the bladder and
Warner's Safe Cure: it will purify and Bii^ • '•'--'¦ ?urinary« io'r -
s-trcngthen the Kidneys, kill the dis- ' '/- > - cans .'¦¦'¦ a r e
ease germs, prevent the serious com- g^^^MMBaghh.- caused by kid-
piications that arc bound to arise and . BSSbsBBSBBBSSb^ ney ¦ ' disease
restore perfect health. - ' - BB3|TCTA|MW^CTj^^ -- neglected*
MADE HER A WtLL WOMAN. MMm :
tu Warner's Safe Cure. For two years kS^^SH^^bBBBh^h
could lind no relief anywhere. I spent H£j^^5fiHS
hundreds of dollars on doctors and BBJ^SllBtHf'- r ""l '"'''' '"'iiffB
medicines.' Some would give tern- t'i -•'-¦' /^6BBB'. J .. i W6^BHw
eyer. I decided to try Warner's Safe *
followed the advice of friends sooner. fiBBSptjgaBlfflwIwaM >.
made a new woman of me. 1 am en- S^SB^BfolBB^ffllilSaJS
Gresham, Secretary and Treasurer E^hB^BS^IhhRSKi ' •'*
most valuable and effective tonic, ft is Era B^B^BEBwfnaBSKwfiSl '
neys. It prepares the tissues, soothes
inflammation and irritation, stimu- .... . :
laics the enfeebled organs and heals " ' "
at the same time. It builds up the- - ' ' • :
TRIAL BOTTLE FPEE;v
. : . ADVEBTISEMENTS. . '
HOW^TWO BEAUTIFUL WOMEN ESCAPED""""""
• SPRING CATARRH BIT USE OF PE-RIM
Nothing Robs One of Strength Like Spring
I Catarrh—Spring Ffev^r Is Spring Catarrh
strong , nerves, good nerves.' Does your ' * iitiimM^^t^^*^**— ***^j^-:- y \'' ''yj^'zSSSjpr
hand tremble? You are living too ,fast. < "• - • mm^^j05ir,'. ¦' -
Does your heart flutter at times? You W.^^^^ f/PL. J**M &*^
had t>etter call a halt. Americans live too • .^.Mfw*.u 'm - 4 lV^^ * -
fast. They crowd too much into a single >ii=^ TVjJllflfAN <^AkW» *
day. They have too little leisure. •- The rr«»««*« V*^'
hospitals and insane asylums are filling v.^:;_
up.,.:The. quiet., pastoral scenes, of .yore Mlss Helen Whitman/ 308^ Grand avenue, Milwaukee, Wla., write*: ! \-*-. , •:
are becoming rare. . It's time that we quit -., - . ,, . ... n * .» . .. -. , ,. - '. . » «
this sort of business. : ~ "There is nothing like Peruna for that tired feeling, which gives you no
How to Get Strong Nervas. '.. ambition for work or play. After a prolonged illness, about a year ago I
First, repair the injury already done to felt unable to regain my health, but four bottles of Peruna made a wonder-
S^Saf^lM|l||^ISSli ful change and restored me to perfect health. As long as you keep your
tary of the Legion of Loyal women, blood in good condition you are all right, and Paruna seems to fill the veins
"^™!£r*°? t Zt^%r^^£ »M pure, healthful blood. I thoroughly indorse it."
with' general weakness and debility ma'ni- " HISS HELEN WHITMAN.
fested in severe . headache and backache. . ' •
I took four bottles of Peruna and for two A Sprina Tonic. " ' 1 spring. The system Is rejuvenated by 1
month* have been entlr«»lv fr*»<» from >h<»3» ' ¦ .' .¦*- . . . spring weather. This renders medicines \
™ , ?, c " enureiy iree irom these Almost everybody, needs, a tonic in .the more, effective. A short course or Peruna. \
maladies. v - . spring. Something to . brace the nerves, assisted by the balmy air of spring, will
NervOUS Prostration. ', invigorate the brain and cleanse the cure old, stubborn cases of catarrh that
neiwvu* rrusuuuun. ;I blQod That Peruna win do thig ls be . have resisted treatment for years. Every-
Thousands of cases might be quoted, in yond all question. Every one who has body should have «a copy of Dr. Hart-
which Peruna has been used to rescue i^led it has had the - same experience as man's latest book on catarrh. Address
people from. th. perdition of deranged -^\ FSSSS&S mfeS^f Uto .^^ e • Rumbus.
gSSlitoSb^sSS;- The^Co^' A S u°ai- SSL'S °ZS*jr$&^^ busin«s y hourf M " *°* *° & prompt and satls-
tor of Erie County, New York. : Hon. uff a ~reat^thin- -for the neArea ? Ther! factory results- from the use of Peruna.
John W. Neff. in a recent letter written } 8 110^tter«prtns tonic aftdl^haVenaed w^, te at once to »r. Hartman. giving a
at Buffalo, N. Y.,. stated: "I was per- about all of 'them " l uU statement of your case, and he. will
suaded by a friend to try a bottle of your o . t • c • " be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
great nerve -tonic, Peruna, and. the re- yatarrn in oprinq. _ : , ; . vice gratis.
suits were so gratifying that I am more .The^spring is the best time to treat Address Dr. Hartman. President of
than pleased to. recommend it." ... ... catarrh. Naturis. renews herself every 1 the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbua. Ohio.
Scrofula
. It is.cpmmonly.inherited. ,- . ....
'Few are entirely free from it. \
Pale, weak,, puny . children are
afflicted with it in nine cases out of ten,
and, many adults -"suffer from it./.
Common indications are bunches in
the neck, , abscesses, cutaneous -" erup-'
tions, inflamed eyelids, sore ears, ric-
kets, catarrh, wasting," and general de-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Eradicate it," positively and absolutely. 1
This' statement is based •. on' the thou-
sands of permanent cures these f medi-
cines have; wrought. ; '
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed ¦ on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.." Lowell. Masa. ; .¦
tJ ! BEST WAY :- LJ
15- Si To obtain a perfect piece wgl
- ¦ ' 1 of work is to devote ¦ydur'W^rm,,
|^r J -: entire . time : and i I >? I -:
TfX to it. That's what we do §££i
tf?% In spectacle and eyeglass Vf^l
kJ HOCUE-KINCyl
IT v] C OPTICAL CO,r fi;
211 Post St.. abova Grant Ave. |^
NJEW' WESTERN; HOTEL;
K, EARNY f AND ¦ WASHINGTON: STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated.. KING, WARD A
CO. European • plan . . Booms', SOU to $1 SO day ;
JS^to^iweelt; *8:to $20 month.- FrM.batba;
hot and cold, water, every 'room; n>e grates in
every. room; elevator, runs all : night:- -,r»^ .:;.':Three ; NeW , Schools : for Fresno.
PICKETS WILL
:0ousEsf6^tyM
"Nearly, the .whole police force was Von
Market - street ; and .the . men - did excellent
work : toward ; getting, the ; streets r cleared
and keeping order. SSSSfigisi? 1 - v
The principal amusements . of 1 the : small
boy were ' climbing i all over the * cars f and
breaking windows, . bells and cash regis
ters.~V- • •;".'" •¦. .. : :'• -"• -V ;•'.''- t : r;--'- •-.-.
. .The ; street had the appearance of hav
ing had ; a^hower', of glass precipitated
ui»on;It. :../¦.:. ¦. .'7-V . ¦- •. ¦..•;.; . -. . . . • / >.:;v.
During the time the carmen .were work
ing to remove, the blocked car boys in the
immense crowd which blocked the street
began ; hurling I missiles of all descriptions
at car*;No. 10G," breaking all iits windows:
The carmen a3 well : as the people ' around
the ¦- cars were amid a . shower of stones,
sticks, etc. Many were struck, although
fortunately none were seriously, injured-
Each' succeeding car:, which r passed the
8wltch>was pelted by the hoodlums. Tha
two officers at hand were utterly ; power
less to cope with the mob." It was not un
til* the arrival -of Captain b Splllane: and a
detail' of .twenty men .that. the street was
cleared,*' order ' restored and the passage
of -cars -continued.; It .was, found neces
sary •-: to ' run : the McAllister-street cars
straight .up; Market;- as the switch could
not be turned.- : v , ¦ '•¦,¦•!*>
the Junction of McAllister and Market
streets. About9:15 p.Mn., soon after, the
cars, were started moving / up Market
street, car No.". 106 of ¦ the Castro-street
line, while, crossing the switch by which
the McAllister-street cars are deflected
on to their course, ,". became stuck , and
blocked further clearing 1 of the' road for
some time: -¦ .'.-¦' ¦ . . "- v
Continued From Page Eighteen.
Socialists Lose Fight.
BRUSSELS. April 19.-A Socialist meet
ing was held at the Malsun du Peuple this
evening, but the attendance was small.
The impression that the universal suf
frage campaign of the Socialists has defi
nitely failed is strengthened by the speech
made by M. Van Dervelde, the Socialist
leader in Belgium, at to-night's meeting,
which indicates that the labor party coun
cil to be held to-morrow would recommenj
a general resumption of work by th»
strikers. BBS9I
: SAN DIEGO. April 10.— The United States
steamer Alert arrived this evening from a
cruise down the coast. She will crobably re
main here for a f ortnleht . and then go north.
Giuseppe Sarto; Patriarch of Venice,
was born at Riese. diocese of Trevico. in
the north of Italy. June 2, 1835. He was
educated at the seminary of his diocese
and at the Sacra Theologla In Rome. His
career has-been that of a parish priest,
spent almost wholly in the north of Italy.
It is notable that Venice alone' of all Im
portant cities in Italy has only patri
archal rank, while many smaller cities
are seats of Bishops and Archbishops. .
Sarto was made Patriarch of -Venice
In 1891. and created and proclaimed Car-,
dlnal June 12, 1893. He has for his titular
church In Rome St. Barnardo. He Is a
famous preacher, fairly well known : as . a
writer and under - his administration
church interests In Venice have pros
pered.. He Is a member of the Congrega
tions of Bishops and Regulars, Sacred
Rites, Indulgences and Sacred Relics, and
Studies. • ••¦¦-¦ - ¦
Special Disz>&tch to The CalL
CALL' BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 19.— An ad
vance in the price of roast beef sand
wiches in the Senate restaurant has
given rise to indignant and vigorous op
position to the beef trust In the Senate.
Senators who have been in the habit of
making their midday luncheon on a sand
wich with a glass of milk have been used
to paying 10 cents for the sandwich.
To-day, the bill of fare In the Senate
cafe shows the price of the same quality
of beef sandwiches has been marked up
to 15 cents. Among the" principal patrons
of the beef sandwich diet are Senators
Depew of New iYork, Hanna of Ohio,
Kean of New Jersey, McMillan of Michi
gan. Clark of Montana and other Sena
tors who are Included In the millionaire
class.
The iniquities of the beef trust being
thus brought home to the Senators, there
is a disposition to fight against the trust
to the bitter end. Senator Depew has
declared his Independence of the beef
trust by boycotting the Senate cafe for
the present and going home to ' his
luncheon. Other Senators in sympathy
with him who find it inconvenient to jump
on a streetcar and go home at midday
have "cut out" the beef sandwich from
their menu and taken to pie at 10 cents,
a cus> of custard at 15 cents and other
articles on the bill of fare not under the
influence of the beef trust. '
WOODLAND, April 19.— Henry Freder
icks.; a director of the Bank of Woodland;
died suddenly last night. He was a na
tive of Hanover, Germany, and about 88
years of age.
Henry Fredericks.
earthquake Causes Panic.
ST. PETERSBURG, April - 19.— Severe
earthquake shocks occurred at 'Shamaka,
Trans-Caucasia, during the night of April
17,' causing a panic among the inhabit
ants whd escaped the recent visitations.
'Earthquake shocks were also felt In the
district ' of Ferghana. Turkestan, early
yesterday morning. .
Duaxte-Belard Wedding.
/PACIFIC GROVE. April 19.— Miss Paul
ine Belard, daughter of Daniel Belard of
Pacific Grove, was married to Santu
Maria Duarte of Monterey in San Carlos
Catholic Church yesterday, Rev. Father
R. M. Mestrls officiating. A wedding
breakfast at the bride's home followed
the c«remony, after. which Mr. and Mrs.
Duart\ left for an extended tour through
Southern California. Mr. Duarte is a
member of one of Monterey's old Spanish
families. The couple will reside In Mon
terey. - " .
Jalisco Abolishes Bullfights.
MEXICO CITY, April 19.— The Legisla
ture of the State of Jalisco has passed a
bill abolishing bull fights and cock fights.
Child Displays Marvelous Flack.
MONTEREY, April 13.— A case of re
markable fortitude In a child Is reported
from Buena Vista, this county. Floyd
Brown, the 10-year-old son of Mrs. C. E.
Brown, was seriously Injured on Thurs
day by the accidental discharge of a
shotgun, his left leg being so badly lacer
ated that an operation was necessary.
The boy refused to take an anesthetic and
bore the long and painful operation with
out flinching, although he fainted from
exhaustion when It was ended. The sur
geon regards such an exhibition of will
power as phenomenal in so young a child.
.7 Several addresses were . made -In ; which
the- speakers urged their hearers "to re
main s faithful : to the f cause * of unionism
and to exert every tffort to .win the fight
which Is now waging. .The strikers were
urged 'to be argumentative, but to eschew
violence. > -The speakers r. were cheered,
especially/, when reference- to : Manager
Vlning as the i enemy ¦ of labor was/ made.
\ The executive committee reported that
the " strike -.was progressing satisfactorily.
They asked for. volunteers to : watch the
various carhpuses at 5 o'clock \ this morn
ing and " prevent ¦ by peaceable means the
taking ' out of cars. 'Volunteers were nu
merous, and by 2 o'clock , squads were: de
tailed to watch-the Mission," Valencia" and
other- barns of the Market-street system.
.The ¦ men »were Instructed to ; see s all their
fellow employes and seek to prevent them
from taking, out their cars in opposition
to- the: strikers.- .•_ '
¦During the meeting a squad .of 100 men
from the SutroY Sutter, Polk and Larkln
street-lines ; entered'. the. hall and, reported
amid' great ' cheering : that : their . lines .were
safe for -the strikers. -..¦• About , twenty ¦ men
from the Potrero line also arrived shortly
before -2 o'clock.'ithey: having walked into
the city. They declared, that no cars would
be .turned out this . morning,', as , nearly, all
of • the employes ' of ; , the -. Kentucky-street
line were numbered among the '¦ strikers. ;
- The ' claim I was also s>> made Ri that every
man of the Sutro line was ; now. . affiliated
with the union. The. meeting, was still In
progress at the hour, of going, to press. ¦'•.-•:
was held under the auspices of the Amal
gamated'Order at the TurK-street Temple
at mldnijght. About 120 . men were In at
tendance. President Goff of the San Fran
cisco. Labors Council' occupied the'Ch'air.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W , WASHINGTON, April 19.— Lieutenant
Colonel E.H. Crowder, who has investi
gated the charges that the British are
violating the neutrality laws of the. United
States will arrive in Washington to-mor
row, and,- through Mr. Sanger, Acting
Secretary of War, submit his report to the
President. If a violation of the laws has
occurred the President will take tame
date action. This will Include Instructions
to the District Attorney; at New Orleans
to enforce the laws, and a representation
to the British Government calling atten
tion to the acts of jits agents and request
ing their withdrawal.
Because of the effect the. closing of the
camp at Chalmette, La., would have upon
the war in South Africa the British Gov
ernment and Boer, representatives are
awaiting with the utmost concern the re
port to Lieutenant Colonel Crowder.
Friends • of the Boers say that two Im
portant results would follow the ejection
of the British agents from this country,
first, - strengthening , the > hands . of , the
Boers in the peace negotiations now In
progress and second, the stoppage of tne
shipment of animals to South Africa, the
most Important munition of war that the
British, could obtain. L .: - . - ._'.'•
The British, on the other hand, say that
if the United States refuses . to sell ani
mals, then they will buy them from Euro
pean countries, which they could have
patronized had they been so disposed, or
in case ; of failure to obtain .horses and
mules from this source they will go to
South -America. ,- j~ . •/ _. ¦ > . :
Air the European representatives In
Washington -have made inquiries of Sec
retary Hay In relation -to the attitude of
the United States in connection with the
alleged British camp at Chalmette, and
they propose to immediately acquaint
their governments with the result or
Lieutenant Colonel Crowder' s investiga
tion. One of these diplomats said to-day
that not a single, Government of Europe
is ' friendly to Great Britain, and tnat-it
the United States declines, to seir animals
to the- British ; the nations ; of the Eu
ropean continent would also throw obsta
cles in the way of the purchase of horses
and mules from 1 their breeders.^- , v
PRETORIA,' "April- 19.— The Boer dele
gates left here at 9 o'clock last night for
various destinations to confer with the
burghers. in the field. ..
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. April 19.— Particulars
reached Phoenix to-day of the discovery
near Tubutama, in the Altar district, So
nora State, of a wonderful group of an
cient silver mines, presumably. Toltec. .
•A party of American prospectors in
charge of Con O'Keefe, expert mineral
engineer, several days ago, came upon a
mine dump of great size, covered over
and hidden by a dense growth of timber.
Near by they discovered the entrance to
the mines, sealed with a great stone.
Breaking through they found thousands
of feet of underground workings, all In
rich" silver ore. ' Near on«j entrance wa3
piled a' heap . of silver Ingots and stone
tools and scores' of skeletons of very large
size. The tools correspond »wlth those
found in old Toltec ruins In Arizona and
New Mexico. - - " -.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Hold him very dear, Perosl," said his
Holiness, "as in the future he will be able
to do much for you. We firmly believe
he will be our successor." ' ; " '
ROME, April 13.— Considerable Import
ance is ¦ attached . to a recent remark of
the Pope, who . In conversation with
Father Lorenzo Perosl; the Italian com
poser, asked him. for news of his friend.
Cardinal Giusseppe Sarto, the patriarch
of Venice. . i >
MuchDepends Upon the
Report of Golonel
Orowder.
Military Barracks at Ma
nagua Are -Blown
Up.
There has been considerable bitterness
shown by Conservatives ngalnst the Lib
eral party, which is in power and of
which President Zelaya is the leader.
MANAGUA, April 19. — Some members
of the Conservative party caused an ex
1-loslon In the military barracks here on
Wednesday night. Nearly 150 lives were
lost in the explosion and the barracks
were destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Prospectors Make Inter
esting Discovery in
Mexico.
BRITISH CAMP
MAY BE OUSTED
Pope Talks Significantly
of the Venetian A -
Patriarch. '
of Five Cents.
>%m^~ — : —
Millionaires Are Indig
i -nant Over Increase^
CONSERVATIVES
CAUSE DISASTER
FIND ANCIENT
SILVER MINES
PONTIFF REFERS
TO A SUCCESSOR
SENATORS GET
OBJECT LESSON
CARMEN'S STRIKE
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on -Relations with Cuba,, at the
suggestion of Platt of Connecticut, chair
man of that committee. . /
"Whereas, It has been currently reported that
nearly th« entire crop of Cuban sugar has' been
purchased and Is now. held.- by what is grener-.
ally known aa the ."sugar trust.", which Is the
principal consumer of raw sugar In theTJnlted
States, and .that i any concession given to the
raiser of cane. sugar , In- the island of Cuba or
any measure intended forthelr relief by admits
ting tholr sugar at reduced rates of duty Into
the United States will only benefit the sugar,
trust, and that the Cubans will receive no
rtal benefit from such concessions; and
whereas It Is alleged that a. number of citi
zens of th« United States have acquired large
holdings of cane-produclng lands in Cuba and
are now : especially urging; the reduction of
duty on sugar, under the claim that -such re
duction will benefit the people of Cuba. There
fore be It •' * - ¦ ¦ . • ¦
Reeolved.- That the Committee on Relations
with. Cuba be directed to make an'Investiga
tion as to the truth of the charges and to re
port to the Senate, and . to - report. In addition
thereto, what is the normal cost of making
sugar in the Island of Cuba, and also if any
concession shall be madeMn the way of a re
duction of the duty on. sugar coming -from
Cuba into the United States what conpesslons
should be made by the ¦ Oovernmentrof Cuba
about to be established. on articles : produced > In
the United States and exported into the said
island of Cuba in or^er to make : a reciprocal
and equitable ' arrangement, as ; to exports -to
Cuba, and Imports therefrom -to- the United
States. ' >; : ;i ..''.. .. . • . . ' "¦
There Is a difference between threat and
performance, and Senators who- were
talking of putting the House bill through
Ihe Senate discovered that they were
members of a hopeless minority. As a
matter of fact, the Senate is on the verge
of abandoning the administration quite
as completely as the House did yesterday.
Very high tension was manifest .among
the members. of the House to-day as a
result of the action of .the»-House .last
night In overriding. the Ways and Means
Committee on the Cuban reciprocity bill.
Chairman Payne stated that the abolition
of the differential and countervailing du
ties effected an even greater reduction
and loss than he had af< first estimated.
His earlier figures showed the counter
vailing duty to be between 26 cents and
27 cents per hundred pounds. But this
referred to "raw sugar and the . counter
vailing duty on the /refined article -was
even more. This, with the differential,
makes , a total reduction on refined sugar
of 508 per hundred pounds.
Long of the Ways and Means Commit
tee also made estimates, which in his
judgment bore out: the foregoing figures
that the amendment \would- take ; off In
differential and countervailing duties a
total of 503 on refined sugar coming from
Germany and • other countries giving
bountlesS - - - : *
. ' Teller's Resolution.
Teller of Colorado to-day Introduced. In
the Senate the following:
In Hopeless Minority.
: CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,: N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 19.— Defeat
over Cuba more overwhelming than that
which was met in. the House confronts
the administration in the Senate. The
struggle In the House was a mere skir
mish compared, with the -battle Impend
ing In , the upper branch . > of :: Congress.'
Only "Roosevelt luck" can avert the dis
aster. There is an apparent majority, of
twelve in the Senate against concession
to Cuba. When the administration Sen
ators heard to-day that the . Senate Com
mittee on Relations with Cuba will,prob
ably refuse to report any reciprocity bill
tHfey were Incredulous. This incredulity
was shared by several or me most prom
inent Senators. Among them were true
and tried friends of the administration
like Platt of Connecticut, chairman of
the Cuban committee, Hanna, Lodge and
Beveridge. It lasted until ¦ the Senators
gathered for to-day's session. ¦ Then a new
light dawned. Friends of the'administra
tion and of Cuba learned that while they
had been resting in fancied security. ; the
beet sugar men had .- been working, and
that the clear majority of -which they
could justly, boast two weeks ago v had
completely disappeared. "
In the flrst 'place they ascertained that
the Democratic Senators,' practically to a
man, would stand as solidly together as
the House Democrats had stood for v the
bill as it passed the House, abolition of
the differential. and all. ,
The situation of the administration at
tlils time is one of embarrassment. : It
would be difficult to adequately describe
the rage of the big men in the party when
they realized last night' what -the .House
had "done. Some ef them were in favor
of Immediately taking up the House bill
and trying to jam It through the Senate
just as passed by the House.
Republicans opposed to bill, 18;
Democrats opposed to bill, 32; Repuu •
licans for bill, 38; majority against
bill, 12.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
• : * ¦¦¦ - . . u '•
Action of the House Causes Light to
Dawn on Those Who Desire
to Give Island'Con
cessions.
Fresh Defeat Is Said to Be
¦f^rA waiting the,Admin
istration,
"Antigone" will be repeated. I hear, In
Los Angeles and San Bernardino. See It,
if you happen to be there. "*' t r\
The serio-comic part of the guard was
"up to" J. K. Bonnell, who managed
cleverly to fulfill all the requirements,
and K. Rees and C. ,W. Thomas Jr. were
distinctly valuable as messengers. ..'
Where the performance lacked J In the
technicalglibness of the actor it made up
in intelligence, and the stage would gain
by the addition of almost every member
of the- "Antigone" cast. " The chorus
should not be forgotten, either. It was
splendidly drilled, and in Its handsome
and graceful garb was a highly pictur
esque portion of the play.
The name part of the tragedy .was as-^
sumed by Miss E» Cooksey, who, to a^
charming dignity of manner, adds an ten*
usually musical voice. Her conception of
the part was thoroughly harmonious, and
was carried out with grace, ease and
marked repose. The other women of the
cast,- Ismene and Eurydice, ".were acted
with sympathy and discretion by Miss E.
Crandall and Mrs. J. P. Hall respectively.
The strongest individual effort of the
production was, however, the- Creon of
Professor Murray, a strong and convinc
ing assumption. Professor Murray was
markedly successful in painting the cli
max of Creon's sorrows, but throughout
his work was of bright order. Tlresias.
the sage, was most intelligently handled
by Professor S. S. Seward, who made a
very effective figure as the old soothsayer.
His prophecy was a striking effort. Pro
fessor Fairclough, whltebearded and purple
garbed, had the Important post of Cory
phaeus, and led his ivy-crowned chorus
through its mystic- and musical evolutions
with distinguished success. R. V. Reppy
made a handsome Haemon, nor 'lacked
anything on the •. dramatic side as
the golden-locked and ill-fated son of
the tyrant Theban. .-.'.¦ •-•'.• -
Characters "Well Taken.
A very living and expressive tongue it,
however, seemed to be on the lips of the
actors to-day. Whether or not the word
accents, quantities, emphases, were strict
ly according to the gospel of Sophocles. I
am not competent to say, yet was the
.Greek n6bly musical, rolling out in
sonorous cadence that might well have
echoed through the Parthenon, or mingled
with the falling waters of the Pieriaa
spring.
" A splendid adjunct -to the tragedy was
the musical setting of Mendelssohn.
Broad and amply outlined, of Doric sim
plicity In its curve and color and with' all
the Mendelssohnlan • suavity, the music
added largely to the illusion. Some of the
chorus -work was admirable, notably the
"Invocation to Bacchus," that was given
with excellent appreciation. The orches
tral I accompaniments, under Scott
Brooks' direction, were also very effec
tive. . -
And now the play. The ages have not
yet robbed the ancient tragedy of Its sol
emn glory, Its strong dramatic ! in
terest, its epic charm. Much of Its thought
is alien to us now, its religion, its emo
tion. Yet the sacrifice of Antigone is felt
to be not less noble for its piteous use
lessness, the sin of Creon not less blas
phemous for that we no longer deem, the
bodies of the dead of that sanctity with
which the Greek regarded them. Partly
owing to the good acting to-day this was
peculiarly felt.- The atmosphere of the
play was admirably convincing. It was
kept In key from, the entrance of Anti
gone with the " opening lines to the de
parture of the chorus, to the closing
notes, no mean attainment when it is re
membered that, as In "Das Rhelngold,"
the curtain lifts for a two and a half
hours' perfomance without a break and
In a dead tongue. -
Admirable Chorus Work.
: STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 19.—
As en some golden Greek morning of tho
long ago, a large audience gathered to-day
to hear the stately measures of the Sopho
cles tragedy,; "Antigone," as given j by
members of the, faculty and students of
the Greek department. So far this is the
crowning achievement of Stanford, and it
would be Indeed •¦ difficult ; to speak too
b,ighly • of the performance. Those who
have seen : the other rare American pro
ductions of Greek plays, "Oedipus Tyran
nus" at Harvard, ".Electra" at Smith
College and "The Antigone" at Vas
sar, .' Toronto .' and Swarthmore col
leges,. In no uncertain terms express the
opinion that, the Stanford performance
was measurably superior to them j all.
This Is the more remarkable as, wlthi the
exception of the services of Leo Cooper
as stage manager, the . whole conduct "of
the tragedy has been in the hands of ama
teurs, even to the very handsome and ef
fective costuming, that was in charge
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough and Mrs. A. T.
Murray. The - leader, | chorus
and actors are aH Stanford men and wo
men, and they .may be very heartily con
gratulated on the result of their labors,
Professors Fairclough and Murray, ' ' on
whom the weight has chiefly, fallen, more
particularly.
By Guisard.
Presentation of the Sophocles
Tragedy Is True to
.¦ the Ideal.
Twelve Against the
Measure.
•;¦• ¦¦ ¦•¦¦-.-. .• .
Combined Majority : of
Stanford s Faculty and
Students Excel in
Greek Roles.
CUBAN BILL
IS DOOMED IN
THE SENATE
TRIUMPH OF ART
THEIR "ANTIGONE"
THE SAST FBAiNCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY^ APEir : ;20; 1902.
••- A ; meeting: of ¦ street * car; conductors arid
Srrpmen ; of the various lines in'thefcity
., FRESNO. "April 19.^-The electors' of this'
city, to-day. -\i, voted '¦¦'¦•, on V.the "£. Issuance '¦ of
echool bonds for the building of three ad
ditional school • buildings. The vote was
614 for ¦- and 213 against. . ¦
19
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
To Prove What Swamp-l^oot, the World-Famous Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
>^ J30YLJE? j^rn/7 \ Q^oo?<_ j 7^Y^~^gl I \jfj. jBODK/Asr ufw' '
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N.Y.: / ...
' Gentlemen— In justice to you, I feel it is my dtity to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the sample
bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past" five years with kidney and blad-
der trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but the old com-
plaint would in a short time. return again. I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world
of good. Since then I have taken eight small bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider myself perfectly cured.
It seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping.' I do. not have the smarting and-irritation. nor do I
have to get up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or. four times a night, but now sleep the sleep of
peace. My back is, all right again, and in every way I am a new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-
Root., They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise of ft.. It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all who
- are suffering fromkidney and bladder diseases.
My. brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as. myself, thank you for the blessing yotl •
have brought to the human race in the compounding of. Swamp-Root JAMES COOK.
.-.. We remain, yours very truly, . HUGH E. BOYLE.
Officers of the 58th Police Precinct, Greater New York. / JOHN J. BODKIN.
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
. your kidneys are well they will -help »11 the/other organs to health. A trial will convince any one. _
"Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and If permitted to continue much sufferlnr
with fatal results are sure to follow." Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irritable.
Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges you to get up many times during th«* night. Unhealthy kidney*
, cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of -the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back. Joints and muscles: makes your head ach«
and back ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow,, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though
you, had heart trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is used In the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians, in their prlvats
: practice, and is taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize In It the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound. - _.',;*"
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar
size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N.Y., on every bottle.
EDITOB-IAI* NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver, and Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that
a special arrangement has been made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottla
sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing:, be sure and
mention reading this generous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghamton, N. T. .' / " - -
J : APVEBTISEMENTSl \l" ¦'-' ¦ " '
_________ San Francisco. Sunday. 20 April. . 1902.
For man exclusively
Most men have excuses for not shaving them-
selves — perhaps principally because they have no
conveniences. With a , shaving stand such as pic-
tured above, equipped with a swinging mirror, 8x16
inches, and cabinet for cup, brushes, etc., an unpleas-
ant task is transformed into a pleasure. This shav-
ing stand is built of oak, finished golden brown and
measui^es 63 inches in height by 15 inches wide.
Price £13.50. You may also have it in birch, finish-
ed imitation mahogany for $15.00.
Just received in our drapery department — a hand-
some line of rope portieres in all the new coloring
effects— sizes 4 by 8 feet and 6 by 8 feet.* Prices
ranging from $3.50 to $15.00. These $15.00 porti-
eres are mercerized and are quite as. effective as. all
silk.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
j^F^ Jl O\_X x\ OWl ci
#^ Save TKis W'eeK.
M ¦'¦ This is the week Owl customers can save money by W
./«r ' reading our list of specials. "Cut rates >,reduced— come - «\
. Ht before Saturday night, April'' 26th, as sale ends then. ' Tele-" '«•
'¦'U phone orders delivered— -South 356. _m
/| t Coke Dandruff Cure 65c Cuiicura and Churchill's Skin >\l
R : f If you buy this week. yon «»re Jje ¦ Soap ! C&Re tach 25c |IL1»'
S - — that'* what, other (tore* char re ... UYll.
Bj you . Good soaps for th- ik!a and the lljj.
In >t rf't • m • t ' • r» • ¦ price is jast half this week liili
h Sheffield & Lesley $ Dental . ' • W
.ft ' i rrcam nnr each 25r Quinine— : an OZ. N 4"€ rjfl
!. . V/lfcaJTl—- UilC Cuv.Il £JC . ... - JII
' a'l ' R "l ""' 'h '"' '** • '•" * '¦'' The repilar price everywhere ii joe nil
'.. ft\ Dairy Queen Soap 40c doz - Hermitaijc Whiskey 65c Mi
- 1VL t ¦« ; * Regular price 5c a cake Regular dollar bottle, which we \h£
1 U'-'B ' ' - ,_• ¦ • e '* ' usually sell for 75c /j»i7
¦' W tpsom Salt*— Id. pkjj. '.-- 5c _ , .. A ,, . ¦«'- Mil
||^ RepuJar price aU orer the world ioc CarDOlIC Add pints 35C VU
M.Tuscan Olive Oil 35c . *hM*f**v* 'M '
'- W The bottle we sell you regularly ._ SOZOdOttt— lar^C SBC 4-C J///
Vvvw> * ot 4 0c *~ ot hers charge you 50c Regular price 75c — our usul ftita 50c f'/l
•\]A_^_. 'Broadway L lOih Si.. OaKUnd Mfl S
I AT MAJAJNeS I
J jEEl [ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
I t^olfeb Immense line of the highest grades of Body Erussels, for- ;
P* /sps^^^^k merly sold at $1.25 and $J. 50 per yard, now offered at-
II ' • * U2 #and $1.25 per yard. .
|1 #lp\ High Pile Axminster, latest styles and colorings, reduced
I » to $100 x per yard. . ~
| r~ i I Best Tapestry Brussels, reduced from $ J .00 to 75c per yard.
[ BEDUCTIONS Above prices arc for thr goods SEW£D, LINED and LAID.
p in every OWENTAL DUGS
| DEPAk 1 1VION 1 v We otfer a large^assortment at reductions varying from 25
| .. We invite inspection of stock and comparison of prices.
I V' Carpets. Furnitw^
N 1 1 114-122 POSTV STREET, SAN PRANCISCCL-EAU CLAIRE, Wis., April 19.— Articles
of incorporation have been drawn here of
the Del Norte Company of Eau Claire,
with a capital stock of $1,500,000, to handle
a tract of 32,000 acres of land in California.
The land contains, besides other timber,
two billion feet of redwood. Among the
lncorporatora are Eugene Shaw and John
S. Owen of Eau Claire. The parties inter
ested will meet in Milwaukee on the 23d
lnst. to organize.
Will Deal in California Timber.
WASHINGTON, April IS.— Chairman
Ray of the House Committee on Judiciary
said to-day in regard to the amendment
to the bankruptcy law reported yester
day: "The amendments propose four ad
ditional grounds for refusing a discharge
to a bankrupt: His having obtained
property on credit on material false state
ments; having made a fraudulent trans
fer of any part of his property; having
been granted or denied a discharge in
bankruptcy within six. years; having re
fused to obey any lawful order of the
K;ourt or to answer any material question
approved by the court."
Amendments to Bankruptcy Law.
flee of President Clement A. Grlscom by
Howard Peasey. private secretary to
Qriscom. The. terms of the agreement be
tween the International Navigation Com
pany, the White Star, Dominion Leyland,
Atlantic, Transport and Red Star lines,
which are included i« • the combination,
could not be learned here, the statement
being made that the details are in the
hands of Morgan and their publication
must come through him. , „««¦_, • •««
"All we can say," declared Peasey,
that Morgan's proposition was satisfac
tory to me and we accepted it.
The new combination, he said, will be
operated under the direction of Morgan
and each company in the combination will
be represented on the board of directors.
The details, he stated further, have not
progressed to the point where the. officers,
other than Morgan, can be specified. .
A special act of Congress, Peasey ex
plained, would be necessary to permit a
foreign-built vessel to sajl under the
American flag; but Tie said there, is noth
ing to prevent an American company
from. owning a controlling interest in a
foreign company. As a consequence, ves
sels affected by the -combination will sail
under their own flags but will be con
trolled by American capital. He would
not admit that the new combination
would practically obviate competition,
but added that' the German companies
would work harmoniously with the Mor
• gan consolidation.
EUREKA, April -19,-Anclrew,- McMillan,
an employe. of the Cold BrooH Creamery,'
at Loleta, died to-day as the result of in
juries ; received - yesterday while J oiling a'
shaft which , runs a separator and milk
pump. His coat caught' on a set screw.'
and before the engine , could be stopped
all of his clothing except his shoes and
stockings was torn from his .body. :The
Bhaf t ;revolves 250 times a minute., He. was
hanging . by the left arm < when - taken
down from the shaft. His skull was frac
tured and* he suffered internal injuries. ¦• -¦¦
Cpught in a Revolving Shaft.
Decision Interests Irricrators.
RIVERSIDE, i April < 19.-Judge J. S.
NoyeB has handed down a decision In the
case of , Humohreys . vs. :" ' Moulton j '. and
Praed, Judgment being for, the plaintiff
for J1000 : ; damages; -with a perpetual-.in
junction against defendants from the use
o£. three ovarflow canals. -The decision is
of . particular interest " to 4 irrigators and
fruitgrowers.;; The defendants.Mn order to
improve their land, by a * series of small
canals, turned the usual flow of storm wa
ter in 'a condensed? stream." on the: plain
tiff s property,; doing,- damage -that would
not ..have ¦: occurred * had •. the . storm -water
run upon .the land In its natural channels;
Maud Adams' Mother Divorced.'
SA1.T L.AKE, Utah. April 19.— A special
to the Tribune from Evanston, Wyo.,
says: Judge Craig in the District Court
to-<Say granted Mrs. H. W. Glidden a de
cree of divorce on account of personal
indignities offered her, by her husband.
Mrs. Glidden is the mother of Maud
Adama, the actress. ¦ .
bSTS; t VTl1 ' 19 - The northbound
th ™ Pacific Owl, comprising an en
?n.o t fJ° Ur cars ' was .^railed af 2
» n mornln S at a point two and
a half miles f south of Fresno, . where the
Bouthern Pacific ; track crosses the Santa
Fe. No one was Injured and by noon the
wreck was cleared and 'the passengers
brought to Fresno, ¦ making the usual con
nections by, special train. The accident Is
traceable to a mistake of: tho Santa Pe
tower man, who signaled to go ahead
arter the automatic signal . board at : the
crossing had given. warning and Cole had
VSKZSJ 0 ? ?i" ders - Then ; he', suddenly
fhL.2lL^ k° th , e J ed board, .which opened
the'switch and derailed the train. ....^ v
SOUTHERN -PACIFIC -OWL
TRAIN -IS DERAILED
Accident Occurs at the Junction With
the Santa Fe South of .
¦ Fresno. '-¦ '¦'¦¦ '¦: - '¦
It was learned to-day that a plan had
been formed to ride Crenshaw \ out of
town on a rail.- During the hearing of the,
Nashtonltes, whose arrest Crenshaw had
caused. Mrs. E. Jackson of Nashton wait
ed outside the court for Crenshaw to ap
pear. She had concealed under her dresa
a rawhide whip painted red, white and
blue and decorated with ribbons of ; the
national colors. ¦ She declared she would
cowhide Crenshaw,' but the. latter was
taken from court by a rear door by Con
stable Coup, who feared the . man would
be subjected to mob violence."
TUOLUMNE, April 19.— William J N.
Crenshaw, organizer of the Fraternal
Brotherhood, who angered local ( citizens
by remarks alleged to have reflected upon
California's native daughters, departed
from Tuolumne early this morning.
zens Decides to .Seek New
' Fields.
Man Who Incurred Wrath of Citi-
CEENSHAW'S HURBIED 7 ; 'h I .•
EXIT-PROM TUOLUMNE
Veteran Killed by Engine!
NAP A, April 19.— An old soldier named
Hutchings, an inmate of the Veterans'
Home, a native of Pennsylvania and
formerly of Company G, Second Wiscon
sin Cavalry, was killed to-day ' by a
freight engine, at the crossing: near the
Home.
WHATCOM, "Wash.. April 19. — Th» ship
Arctic Stream, .now loading: at Tacoma. tor
Table Bay. South Africa, will carry the first
shipment of canned salmon ever sent to that
continent from Puget Sound.
SEATTTjE. April 19. — Th« steamers Nojb»
City, Pollard and Jellie, scheduled to sail on
April 24, 28 and 29, in tha order named, will
each carry regular United States mail. All
have obtained the necessary contract permits
from the Government.
It Is said at the State Department that
the President will not announce his se
lection until Congress has created the
Cuban Commission.
Several members of Congress are urg
ing that only a Consulate General be es
tablished, and that the person filling It ba
given diplomatic functions. This pro*
posal Is being strongly opposed by the
State Department.
CALX. BURE.X.U. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 19.— Governor
Hunt of. Porto Rico may be appointed
Minister to CuJ&a. W. S. BucUanan^" for
merly Mlnlater to Argentina, who has
been mentioned In connection with the
post, said to-day that he would not accept
it if offered to him. Governor Hunt has
made an excellent record in Porto Rico.
He is well liked, speaks Spanish and
would, it is. said, make an acceptable rep
resentative both to the Cubans and his
own country.
In case Hunt should be transferred to
Cuba Herbert G. Squlers, first secretary
of the American Legation in Peking:, may
be made Governor of Porto Rico. Squiera
is a candidate for the Havana mission
and has the backing; of the New York
Senators.
Special Dispatch to The Call. "~*«
(Mentioned as Probable
Minister to the New
Republic..
GOVERNOR HUNT
MAY GO TO CUBA
COMBINATION
OF ATLANTIC
STEAMSHIPS
Morgan Is the -Manager
bf British-American \
' /Syndicate.
Flag J Not to' Be; Changed, but
This Country to Control
the Business.
Vast Scheme of Merging the Big
| Ocean Llfles Is Patterned;
, Afterthe Steel Cor- ¦'
poration. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 19.— J. P. Morgan,
who is. now abroad, has practically'con
summated the plan to combine all . the
leading trans-Atlantic steamship lines.
London dispatches" announcing the com
bination were confirmed yesterday at the
Morgan banking house. The companies
to be consolidated will, It is understood,
include the American, Red Star, White
Star, .Dominion, Atlantic Transport and
Leyland lines. Probable additions to this
list are the Cunard, Wilson and Holland-
American companies, and it is "understood
that a "working agre'ement" will be
reached with other leading trans-Atlantic
companies, including the North German
Lloyd, . , ¦ Hamburg-American; General
Trans-Atlantio and Allan and Anchor
lh;es. ¦•¦'¦¦. .
Morgan has given the matter much of
his time since his arrival on the other
side. In this country the more important
details have been in the hands of Clement
A. Griscftm of the American line, while
Charles' Steele, Morgan's partner in this
city, has had charge of the legal prelim
inaries. .
It is yet too early .to give the exact
scope of the scheme, but as now outlined
there will be an American holding com
pany, Into which all the steamship com
panies which propose to enter the com
bine will put their stockholdings— "pool
their issues" in exactly the same way
that the various concerns embraced
in the United States Steel Corporation
threw in their stockholdings, receiving in
return stock of the main or parent com
pany. Just what the capitalization of the
conr.pany will be is not yet ascertained,
but the amount is likely to be well in ex
cess of $150,000,000. This phase of the
project will depend entirely upon the
number of steamship companies taken
into the combine.
Will Retain Subsidies.
One of the most interesting features of
the plan deals with the subsidy question.
The White Star and Cunard lines receive
a liberal subsidy from the British Gov
ernment. These subsidies would.be with
held or abrogated if the ships of these
lines changed their flag from British to
American. Because of this the ships of
the White Star, Cunard "and the English
subsidized companies will doubtless con
tinue nominally under British control.'
George W. Perkins of J. P. Morgan &
Co. is authority for the statement that
American interests will dominate the pro
posed amalgamation, and declares that
the result will prove not only a great tri
umph for Morgan, but will make the
United States the real rulers of the mer
chant marine of 'the world.;
Perkins also says that the plans will be
of the greatest benefit to importers and
exporters as well as - the great railroad
interests of this country. ¦ Its . effect will
be felt by shippers from Maine to Cali
fornia, Perkins says, and will also result
in . a better understanding: between the
commercial interests of. this country and
Germany. ¦ i • • ¦
"It is true," added Perkins, "that Mor
gan will act aa syndicate manager in this
combination. Just as he brought together
and welded the various Interests in the
United States Steel Corporation. Finan
cial details have been completed to ti.e
fextent that all the cash necessary for the
deal has been subscribed. It is too soon
to speak. about the directorate, but let it
be borne in mind that the' control of the
company will be held here."
BERLIN, April 19.— At a general meet-
Ing of\the North German Lloyd Steam
ship Company it was decided to increase
the company s capital by 10,000,000 marks
($2,375,000). It was announced that the
company, in combination with "the
Krupps, had acaulred extensive coal
fields, which would immediately be de
veloped. -
Confinned at Philadelphia.
PHrLADELPHIA, April 19.— The an
nouncement that the International Com
pany had entered the steamship combina
tion of which J. P. Morgan- is the head
was officially confirmed to-day at the of-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20^ 1902.
20
A POSITIVE AND CERTAIN CURE
For Deafhess, Catarrh and Chronic Diseases
(Tlint are curable). Drs. Shores & Shores* ma.ny voluntary testimonial."* from borne people, people you know and can talk with, :
j are positive evidence that In curable cases of deafness, catarrh and chronic diseases Drs. Shores' new treatment has no superior. It
Is ln no sense an experiment. .- If your case is curable Drs. Shores can enre yon, Dra. Shores' treatment Is backed by an, experi-
ence gained from personally treating over 100,000 cases in the past fifteen years.
• " Drs. Shores' well-known reliability as conscientious physicians and specialists, together with -their popular low -fee mynte-m,
makes it certain that -If you are In need of expert medical treatment for a moderate cost Dm. Shores' A Shores' offlce la the -
place for yon to go. Do not experiment with inexperienced doctors and quack specialists. Co not endanger your health by
taking Into your stomach "fake patent medicines," which often contain cocaine, opium or some other dangerous narcotic.
/ But come to Drs. Shores & Shores, San Francisco's popular, physicians and specialists, at once and they will examine and ad-
¦ , They will tell you whether or not you can be cured, and what It will cost to cure you.
DRS. SHORESVFREE TREATMENT EXTENDED
3-j^^. UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
/^ffirg&j&EzJK In order to prove to the public that there I3 a permanent enre for chronic di.i-'
•- ' MSmf^ **^ mli eases (that' are curable) Drs. Shores extend their free treatment offer nntll fur-
, ther notice to all who apply. Under this special offer all beginning treatment with Dra.
lv«l Shores at once will be treated abaolntely free nntll cured. The doctors give their
¦ $wgk- professional services free and their treatment free until tha patient 19 cured permanently.
/jgsa rygr The only expense will be the medicines actually used. MANY AVH.L, IlE CfllKD
*§M S<^£?^ ffitrSl "FOR FIFTY CENTS. The rrK»t stubborn cases of chronic disease will not exceed $5
r0*»f f° r one whole month. If you have catarrh, tf you are deaf, if you suffer from any
j . ml nervons or obscure chronic disease, this is your opportunity to obtain sklileJ
? • .' £y ' medical treatment practically free. --.-..
(4.1& w ¦ -T" 1 ** ls tne season of the year to quickly cure catarrh and chronic ailments.' One
yjggjv j month's treatment now is eqnnl to three months' at any other season
. .-¦' ,J' . Consultation free to all. Apply now. " !> ' . '
/h^^^^^^L - . ' J&>$£&^^ St ° P UP S ° that l could scarce 'y breathe at all.
JJ& • -ijW^^M^J^pBfefct^i^ there -was -so much mucus dropping in my
¦-^^^Lf^i^m^^^^^ yj^^^^^^^^b^^^-nrj_ throat that I could not taste anything. I
I ' " fli^HMgH^BaSBEfef ~ would frequently have a gathering in my head,
"^ , ' causing the severest pain between my eyes.
S.. HANS'... .. i^^^^f^St^^lv '• ' My stomach was bad and I was often distressed
¦ MSr^'-^^y Cl o S c C c°up C at!on a • ' *"" *"" "^ *°
carpenter and cabinet-maker and have lived in ;,- ¦ IHKSSsteiSfigS?^ * couId not lle on T °y lett side. In fact, I was
B x4lt Cl mU-%e h oP.e P "know f m% en i y hav r e"been a > "* d ° Wn ""* ** ftWa S ° mUCh C * U ~™
great sufferer from chronic catarrh ln the W^^^f^r^ rf poison In the system. '
p bS^i?'™ € d'..ifa ' w/4^ it ¦ ' "* w^^ Sh r 3 & Shores - and after
a great deal, especially in the morning. I also Aj.'C ' - Ki ' ' a careful examination they informed me that
had rtiiKlnK In my ears. jiRwEi2ffi>*^ J^k j coulli be entirely and permanently cured and
"I have taken Dra. Shores- treatment six l am ver V S'ad to be able to sar that 'they
e n"rst! nd I ha^lm^o^d^i^t^lJn^ H 1PS^ »™ *»* ™* werd and I feel now that lam
MyJ nose is now -clear, no more •.„,.„-_ _ entirety .. curea. .. .
hawking and splttinff, and I feelbetter MRS. M. A. EMBURT. ;¦:•;" "1 am an old resident ln Oakland, and any
In everyway. n at . • Cuinrrh CnraA one doubting this statement is at liberty to
"I take pleasure in recommending Drs. Shores , VdldlTll.':tlireOt call on me and I will verify the truthfutaess
treatment toall sufferers from-.chronio ea- • ¦¦ ... . - „, ty> ., ?--? l _-_. , -. * uuimumess
tarrh, for; their treatment has worked won- "Drs. ; Shores & Shores have entirely cured of this testimonial. ;
ders in my. case. , - . , me of_catarrh." says MRS M. A. EMBURY "(olened) M B3. M. A. EMBURT.
"Any r one doubting this, testimonial Is at of 3S25 Howa street, Oakland. Cal. •*-¦•. ' <: .- "3S23 Howe St.. Oakland.' CaL*»
perfect liberty to call on me. and I will gladly "\ . \A/^ " TREA'T AND CURE ...
111111111638 °' tth 8 "haNSKN; I '^ Drs. -Shores not only cure Catarrh, but they successfully treat . Nerv'ous Diseases Kin
St. San y.^ST^lSSS^SS^^
home .treatment: cures. .; SKLSCSe^A^Sfc 1^^^
. No one need be'deprived of the beneflts.of Goitre (or Big Neck). La Grippe. Blood Diseases. ScrofuU,^st Manhood Varfcie?e s^n!-
Drs. Shores' treatment^ because of living at a : nal. Weakness, All Private Diseases and all forms. o( Nen-ous ami rh™^™^! .'«.??
distance from the offlce. ; The Bame wonderful are curable. • >.. . ... nims m ftervoua and Chronio Diseases that
and uniform success Isfoundin their Home ,_ .DRS. SHORES TAKE XO INCURABLE C\SES Dlseaw* that >i aTO k»*flo*
Treatment -by iMail... By; the :use..of a, the skill of other doctors and specialists and rtubDornly refused to thi. n^2«
HZt %^&£^&3£ZL%. £*^£&5S ln many cases are qutckly 8UMue ? ' an^ " as^ d % %?SS
«^TffiW^f^.^iSo%52S DRS 'SHORFS * SHnBFS ! E^ rt (^d Floor) wuey a Alien Bviidim,
S ree^.^.^le: proper
¦ ; A Office Hours— Week Days, 9 a. m. to 4' p. m. Evenings, 6; to 8. Sundays, 10 si m. to a ak
\-f£. ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; - ; ? )- ; V
I MOST IMPORTANT MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SALE STARTS TC-MOSROWl
?*" Jt fceslns to-morrow— OUR FIKST GREAT MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SAT,E. It will be an event or exceptional importance and Intense interest to even' .*^*
gl -woman vho appreciates the charms and comforts of well cut. well made, serviceable and dainty UnJerwear. For. over six months we ' have been planning this sale — planning to ; — *
•"" have It outstrip all foregoing events; we are now prepared to present the moet REMARKABLE ASSORTMENT of fine Underwear, ever offered for distribution in a single sale.
y~ The Quantities and varieties are Immense, and the styles are' beyond question the finest that we have ever Bhotrn. As our • buyers have used the greatest energy, to .maita _^
this cale a phenomenal euccess we advise you to be "here .early to-morrow, for from the Btandpolnt of quality, style, law price an>l the superiority of every garment, this UNDE.R-, *-***
•^- MUSUN SALE Is one of the most extraordinary events that has yet occurrea. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. , ' . . - . - -«¦
5= n ! — : i — 1 ' ¦ - • - ¦ , , * : — ; — ¦¦:— — - — * , — -« zS
fc jf SALE BECiNS AT 9 O'CLOCK TO-MORROW MORNINC. MANY BRIGHT, OBLICINC SALESWOIVIEN 1 Q SfcRVE YOU.
CORSET COVERS. ILADIESV _^. LADIES' LADIES' SKIRTS. 3
25c ? AC^r w :ri v,^ CHEMISES aS <^gM<V \- ' ;" GOWNS $2?!Sffi^g{^S8g®i3
fc Corset Covers. V shape, L&S* £r»S^^s/|l» \ full length and width, trimmfedrS
5^ lace and embroidery t.iinmea, —^v EACH— Ladles 1 Cam- JB^. /KJ Vf I » \ C 1 00 EACH— 200 dozen with beautiful open effect *m- -«
•g- several styles to se.ect^ rrom; Q|J^ brlc Cnem ises, nicely <d«£3Ss25|BBaa8O ' V l\\ C\ \ *? * Gowns, of the finest broidery; S ood value at ?2.S0 rS
5= srand vaJue at -..c earn flnUhed and lrimmP< i wlth pret . %JS£^^g^® A : M^^^ s=>^ \S\\ cambrics, , exquisitely, trimmed each. . •¦ . ..¦ —*,
«fc- Qff/^ EACH— Fine Cambric t y hemstitched and ruflie ef- E?feZ?WfT^rW™i / fvU wlth embroidery and lace, full ;_-'„_ '¦',;¦.•-, V, , . * , .
OOC to« Covens, with fects; our leader at W^ yoke effect; grand value at. ... «JQ-«-> EACH— Skirts that^
2Z dainty henistit.-hlng. and l ''('/V*^f////&^S/ «=t^ ¦ • X^ ?1.OO each <$><£• are made ot the finest _^
•»— trimmed with lace and «ru- UHill^Sgl HESS3 V *t» • ->r, t-ai-ti— T. a <1 i e s • matp rials, trimmed with Point
ZZ. broidery; a prcat variety at... CJOO EACH-Skirt length kjjj fHlgP&&J \\ SI— Gowns Empire stvle Je Paris lace edging and inser- 33
Jt= :;r,o and 5Oe each O» Chemises, round and V.; Wsllllt/W/fJ /^™~~rc?rV 'd&K " frnnt with insertion reveres tton: the grandest Barments; -^
anfc^Sery^^leSM^ Wllff/W 0 with oJ value at each.
. s..!™^..T7. ; ...!%So^lS and embroldery; eleEant value - ; 2
t— corset covers in every con- | " J^j^'^^aMSwb^IS^'^^ ; i i Our better Skirts from ,— S
celvable Btj-le, beautifully . £ /¦ WA <jKii5\ rt „ , <-««-„» ~'* J?3.00 to !*?"12..-;o each are V^g
5-» trimmed, at Other beautiful styles in -*ftTi xfflFaP^X • «,°Sft 'otiui .» *mS1 a?» made with painstaking care; .^
¦^*- 75c S1.00 to 33.OO eath Chemises ranying in jjrice . - tfcS f <«P4?\ ¦ fl.BO Jp^.OO to >pi».wi are beautiful examples ot su- — »
_. ,»e. »t.w to ipa^w ea^a f rO m....75c to 9S.O0 each 2£r %Jfiig**) beyond question unmatch- perior workmanship. ' Z^
y ' ' jC^^w &i£fey 'able anywhere. ; _ • _^j
% LADIES' DRAWERS. ¦ . AniPQ , Tr^^^P nfw pr.R^FK
Knr EACH-Ladies- cam- LADIES' «7 ;M«f. LADIES' NtW bUKitlb. ,
Ov/w brie and Muslin Draw- /^r%\A/PJC ViJ VS, \'\ ! '// ' • You should see our new lines
•»_ «>rs, the greatest !!ne offered in U| V Vf I«O /I /*\' \ \ x , ( 1 1 ¦ QlCIRTQ of Corsets that were specially JJi
f Saa Francisco for this price. /£*. >y i ) ' I LUT^ 1 »l*r%ll» ¦ W Imported for us for our new -^
trimmed with hemstitching. /j/%_ EACH— Ladles* Mub- L~^rK Vx^O - • • ,«, ' * Corset Department. Every "^
lace and embroidery. extra OUC lin Gowns, In pretty' } fL \^^<^-^>S\i QQ/> EACH— 100 dozen leading shape and make finds
¦r" width. tucUed yoke effects, trimmed i I llf*=^fl^Lj >^=>^ "O*' White Cambric Skirts, representation here. -*«
fc irrtZr* EACH— A beautirul with rows of embroidery lnser- ' ( i IMiW* .« ¦ an lmlreI ? s , e va . r lety . to ?£°? B % «„
(DC assortment at this tion; great value «Oc each . A IKSMCVu from at this price; hemst Itched nr J ft7Dn Mrui P|DDn|J— •*
fc price, equal to any $LO0 kind; //J 1 '{f^SSk^s: ¦ \ ? nd S?***** r^ brol t e 7 w *^ *0 OOZcIl Wtll nlDDUil —»
manv nrettv st-l<4 to seirct i m i \f! Vw~-' * \' 5ace trimmed. These are worth ««-,„_— n , -- . —^
":™¥l"'::&S T5o ygtetflTfi ; : WMmm?& f\ C0RSETS Sl.00 each. 3
»— ' stitching and embroidery trim- VwvAW //I/ ¦ \V tt>I— - Skirts, extra width. These will be a leader with ""2
S^ , , JjlnK. fu » length; well worth \. /iZ\\\ ¦//¦«¦¦ \ \ trimmed with beautiful embroid- us this week. Every, pair la TS
?l.00 each. Y t—X I/ / I Si \ 'W ery and tucking; grand value at daintily ribbon trimmed, -per- -«*
y i xr* have abort "0 other / I / (i \) \ \S\ • ?1.25 each fectly finished, ln shades of ZSS
cfc- beaulifui styles rangins in OQ r EACH— At 'this price <~^t/ /' \\ V\ \ V^CI-BO EACH— 50 dozen L l*ht Blue, Pink and White. -j
SCI price from — 75c to $2.»O, O57W« we offer you the big- / I A V- y y *P* Skirts, finished with ruTn . ....... —u
a^_ made of the finest materials. gest values ever known. These / U J\ ¦ Vr^ the new blind embroidery, in rXIKA \rrlilAI ' !2
•g- Gowns are well M<Jrth ?1.2o V^ t >* ' the choicest patterns; a grand i-rtiiin vi LVinhi
¦*>- ' l •"5; . >^>*- leader. _________^ 29C W&i
E Grand Success of Our unrivaled sale of silk grenadines. I i^^^fM0i %
£ NeW SUit DSpartmGnt. Special Purchase of 3500 Yards Latest Patterns, Worth $1.50 and $ .25, on Sale at Z & ull Uecon^noor itf. : 20c pair 3
fc; Our wonderful and magnifi- MONDAY and TUESDAY will witness the biggest Silk Grenadine Sale that has ever pa* /"** A . .. . *«#»« nlllnT *^2
»- c»nt display of Tailor-made been planned by any house. Our willingness to buy such an enormous quantity may EJ b%v^ VI /k tn V 1 ) nil VUIQT Z3
Suits, Coats. Jackote. Skirts. at first seem inexplicable to you, but when a prominent manufacturer offered HIGH- ~J M T < V" • w . Iw slfclUU, vllllll *~«
Bilk and Cotton Waists the past CL.ASS STANDARD GRENADINES, that are right now in their best season at a " —^ *fl. lA/AICT? Qi OC nnnh
»•*— week was the source of general great sacrifice it did not take us loner to decide. Just a word about them. They arc ffnlulu uliZu Cuulll ~S
comment &mong: the people as pure silk, of an exceptional high luster, fully 44 Inches wide, a great variety to choose from, ln stripes, , _*¦
£- well as in. commercial circles. checks and plain meehes. and, were manufactured to Bell at ?1 CO and $1 25 a yard. Be on hand early, A Pnenomenal Waist bargain
" Those who saw their beauty and as we expect a big rush for them. On sale at 95c a yard. ' i ° n wh'i the T very latest styles
richness unhesitatinrfy ac- CnR UnMnAY f Rnfl YARIK Rl ARK W\W TAFFFTA A very fine and lustrous quality, fast black trimmed also o'lnehamWals^
g= kaowledged them sup-Hor to fUR BfiUKUAI lOUU lAnUa DLAU^ OWOO lATrtl A. dyef one that we can rec ommend tor t=A r witt latert whlta'^Slar^ bStfe 3
fc Ka^it°v I : regular value 75c; for Monday Yard Q4C with latert^ whlf^lar.
«^- TERY MODERATE. ! day ...91.25 each
I THE SEASON'S BIGGEST BLACK SILK OFFERING ft^SS^. 1
£ $fl.£5 Quality 22-Inch Black Bonnet Taffeta 68c Yard. $1.50 Peau de Soie 98c Yard.
j^_ -rc- e v^ave oftea given you some remarkable bargains ln Black Silks, but those on sale for to-morrow and Tuesday are beyond question the greatest values -^i
«ffpred tov anv house the entire year. Through a very favorable circumstance our New York buyer secured 2500 yards extra heavy, brilliant and lustrous Black ZSm
9— KilksTVliich arc- to be disposed of on the same basis as he got them— ALMOST HALF PRICE.
"SZZ 1200 vsrds JL23 "Black 22-inch Bonnet Taffeta for Monday and Tuesday :...GSc yard ' £*£
•— 1200 yards ?150 Black Peau de Scie for Monday and Tuesday ...{>8c yard — «
| First Extraordinary Separate Skirt Sale in Our New Department— Second Floor, 1
" *"" The nrst Grand Opening Sale of Separate Skirts occurs here to-morrow — an occasion where you may choose from the latest skirt models of 1002. We take much pride
, Tireaoatlnir them for seldom have garments expressed so much style, so much grace and so much material worth. The beet thoughts and Inspirations of the cleverest design- _2
•^" ~_ »«. «rnboeied in these magnificent garments. Nowhere else «n this city will you find such a broadly representative display. A grand collection of PEAU DE SOIE. TAP- — ¦
y -^ET^f ETAMU^:. CREPE DE CHINE, HOPSACKING, BROADCLOTH, VENETIAN and, CHEVIOT SKIRTS awaits you here to-morrow. 22
**— m AT" Ladles" All-wool Venetian and Cheviot fjCPSfivK. 4t\ ¦ T* t\ Handsome Dress Skirts, made in styles -3
€\* fk l±y\ Dre?s Skirts, prettily trimmed and Ut Vif V\ I I that are chol ce in their hang and shape.
£= stitched; lined throughout with spun £j jMgf^>'\ Jf^/\ #t/^ l/ Of the finefJt imported Broadcloth. Vene- Z2
*"" ril^i^ Too-U ? lass lining; fine-fitting garments; :n ,^-<^ J< yf'jfiJSS rr %jJ\J Fnnh tlan and Cheviots; prettily trimmed: good — »
\^j j± EaCIl Gray. Brown, Navy and Black; worth £,. value at $12.00 each. ' IS
$6.50 each. *\f /\\£* J>r "¦*
SWELL DRESS SKIRTS gfigrt? S^iSS? SSI " V %1«i <^i I1-00 a D n T s S- 13^ ~ i
£ At $12.50 Each, WSSSS^.uSTSA S "i J^m: : . E ach SaliiI^||E#
. HI 9IMU WWII. , £/W t . uated flQunc mh *g tb e ne^ - fitting top, with grad- f-j
•^ -weight; strictly man tailored; exquisite looking skirts; - \S \ X\ ww wui. j , -^
g grand value at $16.50 /NK \^L HIGH NOVELTY^ DRESS SKIRT^^ »^niftc*nt collec-
fc xtNJ^fc f\r~ Ladies' Walking Skirts, made of all- / V. J" "_" " „„ IJ ".• ° •¦« l " - 1 - ' *S!? n . ; ° f 'high-clasa
r! CPy M *\ wool waterproof Cheviot, in the very A SJ7 Kfl «00 Cfl =fn CQfl Faoh D ress Skirts, in Crepe
£T -<*ZjO latest styles, with full flaring, stitched / . OUidUj i^ZZ.UU ,IU »>0U /CoGili ; V de^^ Chines, Etamlnes.
HZ! CLJCL# pool, liounce; In colors of Oxford. Brown. Green sTf-kintr- mn«f n f ***. '-.ilL' '¦ ¦'• 7,", 'v * Vene tians ' and Hop-
AJ/V/ Each and Black; good value at $5 50; to-mor- ,>- • 1. . ¦«£^'"f/J"" st he «»..h*ve silk, drop handsomely tailored
•>- . row , '" S3.95 Each / M % stitched. Come.and see - them; . * ..< ; l^
isiLK DRESS SKIRTS. «|R.75 y&KX, CHARMING SILK DRESS SKIRTS 0*10,50 1
SPECIAL VALUE AT UIWEmJi y&/H ft^ JM^. AT •—••¦••¦•¦^....OLLz^ZZ
~~ For a Special lrctroductorj' offer we place on sale to-mor- /**•?*/* \\ You never saw prettier styles for the mbnevthan thr>e» ***-'
£= row a fine assortment of Peau de Sole and Taffeta Dresa (J I^&*VA vJS^O we w111 P lace 011 sal e to-morrow. Swell-looking and wrD ~"
•^~ Bldrts, made of reliable silks; in the very latest fashion; ft/ \ hanging skirts, made of Peau de Sole Taffeta and Npt- ™ — •
tz pretty, fancy and pJain tops; perfectly tailored; have extra Y^ i^ tne choicest Frenchy ; effects; lace hemstitched and Tnr.ir.rJ ZS
¦»- drop underskirt aad graduated flare flounce; all lengths; .^t^HL.^ / tops, with fluffy graduated- flounces; very high class- worth 3
!S= actual value, $22.50 each. ¦ ' ~ v * $27.50 and $30.00 each. ; -, .. 6 . ' worin
ill BIG SALE OF 60c ALPACAS MONDAY~I 1 SUPREME OFFERING OF FINEST WASH GOODS. |
£=: UlU OaLL V/I Wi^ /%\-»r*O ITIVfl^Ur* ¦ An assortment as never assembled before In this city. The Dick- of th»f n ™i ra j
E X.V UNPRECEDENTED DRESS GOODS OFFERIXG-1200 OAC domestic looms. '., ' V,.. »"*»'»• foreign and
SZ yards New Blue and Black Alpaca. 45 inches wide; a very bright -^*-| v ' flKC T AKD — SATIN STRIPED f\C* For* Monday onlv 2".nn „= a -fS
T^ and lustrous quality, all the rege now for waists, skirts and dre«se«; *J %J y ar d , °,^ CH ALLIES; an entire new line. %Jk\J , . . • P / N "° hwb.™ ' T y 5
v&s imported to sell at 60c; for a Monday special at 3»c yard. »n so "d colors and exquisite designs. . %J Yard 7 , SHEER LAWN, in _3
X^ *><* *\r\ m km/ nnninriATU On Sale Mondav NOVELTY FANCY GRASS LINEN- :.-"¦¦¦.,. .medium dark and light colors. =5
¦^ $2 00 Rl AfK RROADfLOTH ,nHTf P Kt The mcst styles, in Plain and .-> ¦ in pretty- flgurcs. dots and —
g- <5*'VV uultl1 UnUrlUtLWIII and Tuesday at » «atln striped and Grenadine effects, at stripes; a : grand summer fabric- worth 15c T^
A rare and vary high class offering, interesting to tailor suit fli A AK 40c, 50c and COc yard. - V Monday * ' • ' „"" 1M - HJ
wearera. This cloth: Is very exceptional, one of the finest qualities. N\ T •^ !t ' __ _ , , __.. . '"' •••••••••• Oc yard -^
Sn rich and lustrous, of an absolutely fast black London dye, fully 02 \I/ X Yard i|lr 1 1f\ti nlO-VVlflt ti Ornnnrli/ All r«l-.l_ AM • Z*
Inches wide; every yard worth ?2.00. " . | vJUC Lf UU Uie** TT 111 III UrydnUy, All LOlOfS, IViOndoV^
S2 l__ .- 1 _ n extra special Monday offering that win accentuate bur Wash Crmd. *-*.' Vi
rniCiTIAIIil I A/>r nmTiUI CUT m linnriAU/ Leade^ lp - « Pj~»» *o« French Organdy, 70 Inches wl^; a ouaMty QQC =5
g SENSATIONAL UCE CURTAIN SALE TO-MORROW K^^^^^^ OV y ard .g
S 300 Pairs Irish Point Curtains, Worth $4.50 Pair, for 80c yard. ¦ q«amy. Monday only at |«g
•»¦- A great Curtain sale is planned for to-morrow, and we can positively /T> £\ QQ OKr -tnrl 3R/» U/ii!l-i\ r > l»'«^.*_A c* ¦ '¦'¦' • - « — «
S: «tate that this is the best Curtain bargain ever offered anywhere. We H*kV > *' 0 43C 0110 J3C YVIlltG LflBVIOtS. Ofl .SflPrJ^I -5
mZ made a very fortunate purchase of 300 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, XD £U p.:-. - . . . , ¦ . , «»u»iwiaj uil OpCLIHI Odli 3
g = In & variety of the choicest patterns. Curtains that would sell readily at ' "" _ J £ order to . r f t i le '*ryest crowd In our White Goods Department J : >xn' -•
M %£*&?%&£? iaWr n6W °" Uta DCPartment ° n the eeC ° nd fl °° r at y ° Ur w\r,rard V^ a mp h ir r Iu,K 8 th°e f 1 9°
r= REMARKABLE 1800 Yards POINT DE PARIS and NEW ALL-WOOL ETAMINE Ywd 3
£ SILK WAIST SALES. . NORMANDY VAL LACE. W^^^^^'^^Wa'^^
fc The Shirt Waist Btore on the second floor is as nearly ' Regular Value 2OC and 25C, 1 Y &rd of KnBlZ"^^^^, 1 *^™ JS 1 '^ 3
»- ideal as It could possibly be. E\-ery. popular and practical Another grand Lace sale is planned for Monday. We « ?.?• c « a mpagrne and Black. On' sale the l&TO. zSm
9-— - Watet Idea U here In a • great variety In . the very latest never did such a phenomenal Lace bualnees, and therefore tlme to-morrow at $1.25 yard. • — •
< *~ end dainty conceits. A stroll, through = the department we are urged on to give you values that cannot be obtained OA« »* ' - ' . «-*» - - • . •***
i j- would gratify any woman. Again ; to-morrow 200 Bilk elsewhere. Those we offer to-morrow are just the kind you «jUC IVierCeriZed SfltPPll I tntntt IU« J»
P Waists, ma^ie of Taffeta and Peau de Sole. Including the want now for the trimming of wa«h dresses and underwear. . ., , t " oa > c:cl1 Lining Monday
, fc» Gibson effect, the very latest styles; In all the fashionable Point de Paris and Normandy Val. Laces. . 3 to 7 inches A s P eclal sale of these much wanted lln- r\ A n --5
' ; j; colorings: sizes 32 to 44; on Bale at fJ.95 and 95.00 each. wide, in the most exquisite patterns;, worth 20c and 25c. ings for Monday only. In ''the'leadini/ »ni«i^ ¦ J \ V -*•
g-i Worth $0.00. and |7.W. .j . - V . . A .> ¦ Monday.'. 12c yard. and Black. Regular 30c -Quality?™ C01ors J[ ., '¦^
15= ..... 1 . . _._ . . . COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION " * ' "- -¦••¦*- ¦"• ¦ -"S
1 120 Marseilles Quilts. A JhL* &B~*>a S IAl^" N^ Wear values. §
•y— then you must see these, ri^ Sk P m 9B^BJBr \Btea ' i &r WW» "•^^ * V. J I APC MCI C Dl*ni/ itnor nn n .
S= Extra heavy quality, for S-'^^Each Z^^^£^ "^^ iSJp^ LAUt LloLt ULAGK HOSE 2?fl Par
*— double beds, In the choicest de-igns im- ' . v n ~ iv,r^ t rT lluuu " u ral1 =^f
S= aglnable. for which you generally pay rrn --- , Jl(MF TiZw ?', dozen all-over Lace — •
W.M. here Monday and Tuesday at $2.45 '- ySf&H^^S^^ lngHose? sizes ?to lO^Monda^s^^ eta" 3
: ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ '^'^^.^.M^'
iTHE FAMOUS 1v M
JOIiisouu'ifliiioi fjlli
HYGIENIG SHOK. W
Another Carload Just Received. jff!m^
All the latest- spring styles. DOUT FATL - .^^A :
/-gl&tjm. TO SEE THEM. They are all welted or rfmiM
(&&jmm turned soles, soft and comfortable. '
Jfll MANY LADIES 7jjg| >
mbM Pay $3.50 for hard, stiff, machine-sewed shoes ¦
WmW that will ruin the feet while the famous bs|jfj '
§£&& J'ENHTESS-'M.IIsIjE'B, shoes may be bought for iljllsr
. Ws the same price, and for elegance of style and
tef perfection of fit they are unsurpassed at any \g^
jd$k They are so far superior to other $3-5° shoes i^K§*k
that we invite a close inspection whether you
jfflraffi^ Every Pair Guaranteed. "^^^m^S^^
NOLAN BROS, n
SOLE AGENTS
Fhelaa Building. 812-814 MARKET STREET. jjjjjW
msT h^JP BEST FOR THE BOWELS \
SaNTV^ \/f A r CATHARTIO
GUARANTEED CURE for all bowel trembles, appendicitis, biliousness, b«d breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples, :
patina after eating, livex trouble, sallow skin and dizziness. 'When your bowels don't move
regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other drseasea together. * It
starts chronic ailments and ionr years of Buffering;. No matter what ails you, start taking
CASCARETS today, for you will never cet well and stay well -until you get your bowels
right. Take oar advice, start with Cascarets today .under absolute guarantee to cure or
money refunded. The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Never sold in bulk. Sample and
booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New Verio ¦ 30aShipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Branch. Hydrograpbic : Office. ' U. S. N Mer
¦ chants" Exchange. Saa Francisco'* CaJ.
'April 19,. 1902. ¦ "
The T Imc BaU on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time... : ¦<
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early, morning . tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides o£ the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time; tha
lourth time column gives the last tide of tba
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ¦ are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is toe mean
of the lower low waters. ; .
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun. Moon and Tide. }¦
United State* Coast and Geodetio Survey—
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The French bark Max was cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders, with 55,600, ctls
wheat, valued at S63.&10. and 20,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $300. ..
Shipment of Wheat.
The. steamer Mlneola will load railroad ties
at this port and lumber at Tacoma for Panama.
The schooner Mary E. Foster loads lumber at
Gamble for Honolulu, chartered prior to ar
rival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The barkentlne S. N. Castle and the schooner
Rosamont arrived here yesterday from the
Hawaiian Islands. The Castle came -from Hon.
olulu and the schooner I from Eleele. and each
made the trip in sixteen days. , .. •
Both Made Good Passages.
Captain Owens, one of the owners of the
wrecked steam collier Bristol. ha« just re
turned from the scene of the wreck. He says
the Bristol Is in a much better position than
was at first supposed. A careful survey, will
be made of her later and he thinks it will be
possible to raise her.
Bristol May Be Raised.
The British ship British General has arrived
in London. This accounts for all of the Oc
tober grain fleet except the German ship H,
F. Glade. The British General made the pas
sage in 170 days. The Glade has been out
1S2 days and 30 per cent reinsurance has been
paid on her.
Only the Glade Missing.
The steamship Portland sailed yesterday with
a large number of passengers for Seattle and
Cape Nome. Some of her passengers will go
no farther than Seattle, but . the majority of
them are going through to the gold fields. At
Seattle she will take aboard more passengers
and will proceed directly to Nome.
Portland Starts for Nome.
Alaskan Has Trial Trip.
The biff freighter, Alaskan, recently built -by
the Union Iron Works for the American-Ha
waiian Steamship Company, had a trial spin
around the bay yesterday and gave every
satisfaction. Captain George Harvey was on
the bridge as a representative of the builders.
While cruising around the bay the Alaskan's
compasses were adjusted. She cleared on Fri
day for New York, via Honolulu, and will sail
either to-day or to-morrow.
The ship Pyrenees, which went ashore over a
year- ago at Manga Reva, while on a voyage
'from Tacoma to London with grain, has been
successfully floated and on Aprill was towed
into Papeete harbor, where she will be placed
in commission for a voyage to this port. The
wreck was bought at auction by Captain I. E.
Thayer of this city and it has been under nis
direction that she waa repaired and hauled
back into deep water. She will be brought
here as quickly as possible and given a
thorough overhauling., •
Pyrenees Again Afloat.
"The evidence is unsatisfactory as a
basis for definite conclusions upon the fol
lowing questions: Whether the defend
ants pool their citrus fruit traffic or divide
the earnings therefrom; whether, blanket
rates of $1 25 per 100 pounds upon oranges
and other citrus fruits from Southern
California to points on and east of the
Missouri River, the minimum carload
weight 26.000 pounds, and the charges im
posed for refrigerating traffic in transit,
are unjust or unreasonable under the pro
visions of the statute. These questions
are retained by the commission for fur
ther hearing and Investigation." . -
"The complainants ask the defendants
to be required to furnish their own equip
ment directly and not by lease. This is
urged as a remedy for alleged abuses
growing out of leasing cars from one ship
per engaged In competition with the com
plainants. "While it must be conceded
that such an arrangement affords oppor
tunities for unfair advantage, and, to say
the least, is naturally distasteful to other
shippers, still there is no authority In law
tor the commission to make any order to
the effect suggested.
"Such we do not believe to be the mean-
Ing of the law. We find nothing in the
statute authorizing routes or tariffs of
any kind available to shippers only at the
option and in the discretion of the car
riers and upon such varying conditions
and considerations as they may from day
to day or from hour .to hour see proper
to be governed by, regardless of the
wishes or Interests of the shipper We
conclude that the practice of the defend
ant carriers in denying to shippers the
use of their transportation facilities by
established routes is unreasonable, un
just, wrongfully prejudicial and unlaw
ful.
It is claimed by the respondents that
control of the routing by initial carriers
is necessary and effective In this case to
prevent the payment of unlawful rebates
by their connections in through lines or
routes. On the other hand It Is insisted
by the complainants with equal vigor and
apparent reason that It does give effect
to an unlawful division of the business
of earners. If, as a matter of right, ini
tial carriers or parties to joint continuous
routes, which with other carriers they
nave formed, may control routing and
deny a shipper any choice or control In
the selection as between different routes
thus formed, then the route or tariff may
be available to one shipper, but not to
another, and open one minute to a ship
per, but closed the next, this to be deter
mined by carriers' agents according as
they may desire to distribute the ship
per's business among one another from
time to time or for any reason what
ever.
"It is contended, however, by the defend
ants that joint through routes and rates
are made by agreement between connect
ing carriers, and those routes and rates
are to be regarded as open to the public
only upon such conditions as may be
specified under. the agreement, and it is
pointed out that upon the traffic under
consideration a through rate is guaran
teed only upon the condition that routing
be absolutely and unqualifiedly in control
of the initial carrier, joint through routes
and rates are ordinarily subject to the
agreement between participating carriers,
«. w 5 en they have been established and
until finally abrogated or changed they
are required by statute to be kept open
to public use.
"One important question presented " in
this case is whether initial carriers can
lawfully reserve to themselves the rout
ing of shipments and deny the shipper a
choice of established routes? Carriers are
required to follow the instructions and di
rections given by shippers whenever
practicable.
In making his conclusion and decision
Commissioner Clements for the commis
sion says:
As they were originally brought before
the commission the cases comprised those
of the Consolidated Forwarding Company
against the railroad companies named,
and the Southern California Fruit .Ex
change against the railroads, with the
Continental Fruit Express Company and
Armour & Co. as intervenors.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. April 19.— The In
terstate Commerce Commission In a deci
sion to-day partly disposed of the cases
of California fruit shippers against the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads.
Those questions in the case involving the
pooling of citrus fruit traffic by the rail
roads, transportation rate, carload weight
and refrigeration charges are left to be
decided in a future opinion by the com
mission. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California Fruit Producers Succeed in
the Fight Made Against Discrim
ination Practiced in the Dis
tribution of Routes. ' . .
Carriers Cannot; Deny Ship
pers an Established
Facility.
The Howes met some bad weather during the
voyage and on February 12, in latitude 31
south, 174.45 west, in a heavy- southeaster,
she had her fore skysail mast carried away.
Very sorry, captain. Regulations you know
must be observed. Now get a tug and go
away back to quarantine, anchor there and
I'll board you in a little while and take your
temperature, and if everything looks all right
I may Kive you pratique."
The Howes towed* back.
Why, doctor. Just look at that lovely breeze.
Don t eet things my way like that very often
and hated to miss the chance to reach a good
anchorage without taking a tug," replied Cap
tain Clapp.
The American ship Jabez Howes arrived
yesterday, eeventy-nine day B from Sydney. She
sailed In on a spanking breeze, which, was so
tempting to Captain Clapp that he disregarded
the Federal health regulation which calls for
a haJt in the quarantine grounds and Balled
up the bay to a comfortable anchorage. He
bad only been anchored a few minutes, how
ever, when the General Sternberg came panting
alongside and a sternfaced member of the
Marine Hospital service jumped aboard.
"Why didn't you stop in the quarantine
ground?" he demanded.
Jabez Howes Went Away Back.
The Interstate Commerce
Commission Decides
a Case.
Mrs. L. Andrews and child, C A. Brown,
C. H. Brown, Mrs. Brown and child, C. Candy,
Mrs. M. J. Carroll, A. W. Carter, J. B. Castle,
James Dizney. Mrs. W. S. < Ellis, Mrs. E. M.
Farrar Miss B. Farrar, F. H. Grace, G. W. ft.
King. Mrs. Kins. George McLeod, J. W. Ma
son, Mrs. M. E. Orvi B . A. J. Rosenthal. G. F.
Schloetelborg, W. M. Templeton, M. D. Van
valles and F. R. Werthmuller.
the latter was a big consignment
of heavy machinery, which Included a
large gasoline engine, on? piece of which
weighed 12,000 pounds. Among the pas
sengers on the Alameda were:
steamship Alameda sailed yes-
I terday afternoon i for Honolulu
I with many passengers and her
•^ full complement of cargo. Among
STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA DEPARTS FOR HONOLULU
WITH MANY PASSENGERS AND A BIG CARGO
LAVIGNE AGREES
TO FIGHT BRITT
Lightweight Boxers to
Meet in the Latter
Part of May.
Alex. Greggains Signs the
Men to Appear Before
His Club. .....
Jiramie Brltt has at last secured a
match. He is to meet George Lavigne,
ex-llghtweight champion of the world, on
either the 29th or the 30th. of next month.
Alex Greggains brought the boxers to
gether and they have agreed upon all the
conditions. They are to meet to-night at
Harry Corbett's to sign the articles and
to post forfeits guaranteeing their ap
pearance In the ring.
Lavigne will settle down at once at
Blanken's. The broken bone In his arm
has mended thoroughly- and is not ex
pected to inconvenience him either la
training or in the ring.
Britt realizes the importance of his en
gagement. He will go over to Croll's.
Alameda, and fit himself thoroughly for,
the contest.
Debate on Chinese Exclusion.
An. interesting debate was held last
evening: at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation rooms on the subject of the to
tal exclusion of the Chinese race from
the United States and the insular posses
slons. The debaters -who favored the ex
clusion of the Chinese were F. Darn, C.
H. Sooy and J. Plover of the Hastings
Law College, while those who opposed
the measure were S. H. Hunting, L. Han
sen and C. N. Thompson of the Younj?
Men's Christian Association. The decision
of the judges was in favor of the affirma
tive debaters.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aoril 19— Strar Staten
dam, for Rotterdam, via Plymouth and Bou
logne; stmr Menominee, for London; stmr An
choria, for Glasgow; stmr Saxonia. for Liver
pool; stmr Aller, for Naples and Genoa: stmr
Krlesland, for .
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Drlor to April 19 —
Stmr CUy of Peking, from, Saa Francisco, Tla
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
CUXHAVEN— ArrVved April 19— Stmr Aa
guste Victoria, from New York, Tia Plymouth
and Cherbourr.
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 18— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton.
for New York. April 11) — Stmr St Louis, from
Southampton, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Asril 18 — Stmr Georg-
Ic. from New York. April 19 — Stmr TJmbrla,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed April 1Q— Stmr La Savole.
for New York.
CALCUTTA— Sailed April 20— Stmr Cymba
llne, for San Francisco.
LAS PALMAS— Sailed Anril IS— Stmr Aby
dos, from Hamburg, for Saa Francisco.
RAILROADS
MUST OPEN
ALL LINES
SHIELDS — Arrived April 17 — Ger ship Hen
riette, hence Dec 15.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Acril 19 — Br bark
Elizabeth Nicholson, from Vancouver. •
Sailed April . 19— Br shio Durbridse. for
Royal Roads.
KOBE, April 15 — The reported sailing from,
Singapore of the Br stmr Chlng Wo is an
error.
IQUIQUE— Sailed March 10— Bark Palmyra,
for Port Townsend.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Anril 18 — Danish
bark Princesse Marie, for London.
TABLE BAY— Sailed Feb 28— Br bark
Strathgyle, for Sydney and San Francisco.
ANTWERP— In sort April 13— Ger ship
Christel, for Port Los Angeles.
FLEETWOOD— In port April 18— Br ship
Ellisland; for Wales and San Francisco.
SHARPNESS — In port April 12^ — Fr bark
Anne de Bretagne, for Cardiff and Honolulu.
CUXHAVEN — Arrived April IS — Ger bark
Schwarzenbek, from Orceon.
FLUSHING^ — Arrived April 17 — Ger ship
Sirene. from Oregon, for United Kingdom.
WEST HARTLEPOOL— Arrived April 2— Ger
ship Melpomene, . hence Oct 26.
HIOGO— Sailed April 16— Ger ship Ferdi
nand Fischer, for Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
town; schr Ida Schnauer and bktn Chas F
Crocker, for San Francisco: bktn Amazon, for
Shanghai.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived A«>rll 19— Schr
J M Colman. from San Pedro; schr Annie M
Campbell, hence April 7; schr King Cyrus,
from Honolulu.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived April 19— Stirr
Crescent City, hence April 17.
ASTORIA — Arrived April 18 — Bktn Encore,
from San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 19— Stmr
Santa Ana. from Seattle, for San Francisco;
Nor «tmr Tellus. from Comox, for San Fran
cisco. "
Passed In April 19 — Ship Star of Bengal,
hence April 11, for Chemainus: schr Wm Not
tingham, from Port Los Angelea. for Seattle:
schr Mildred, hence April 10, for Ballard; schr
Courtney Ford, hence April ¦ 9, for Port Had
lock; ship . Kennebec, hence April 11, for Port
Townsend. i • '• ' ,
SEATTLE— Sailed April 18— Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skagway.
Arrived Apr 10 — Stmr Queen, hence Apr 16.
Arrived April li> — Stmr Dessatch, henc»
April 15. .
SAN DIEGC< — Sailed April . 19 — Stmr Bruns
wick, .for San- Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 19— Stmr Alliance,
hence April 18: schr Azalea, from San Diego.
. Sailed April 19 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— Bailed April 19— Ship
Glory of the Seas, for Comox; bark, Guy C
Goss, from Seattle, for Bristol Bay.
In port April 19 — Br bark Peter Iredale and
a ; bark.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April li^-Sohrs Ber
tha Dolbeer. Ida McKay and Mabel Gray,
from - Eureka: . schr Coquille, from Coquille
River; stmr Santa Cruz, 'hence April 16. i
Sailed April 19 — Stmrs Santa Cruz. Santa
Barbara and Aberdeen, for San Francisco; bktn
Retriever, for Port Had lock: schr W J Pat
terson, for Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 19— Stmr
Sequoia, hence AprH 15.
Sailed April 19 — Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco: schr Henry Wilson, for San Fran
cisco; schr Laura Madsen. for San Francisco;
schr Fannie Adele. for San Francisco; schr
Orient, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed April 19— Bktn Charles F
Crocker, for San Francisco: Ger ship Alic»,
for Queenstown: stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong.
Arrived April 19— Stmr Farallon. from Skag-
SEATTLE— Sailed April 19— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway. i
* EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared April 19— Ship I F
Chapman, for Honolulu.
BALTIMORE— Cleared April 18— Ship W. V
Babcock, for San Francisco.
CLEARED.
Schr Mary Dodge, OUwn, 3 days from"Ku
reka. < -"¦¦¦¦
Saturday. April 10.
Stmr Chilkat. Hyvarlnen. Pyramid Harbor;
Alaska " Packers' Assn.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr , President, Anderson. Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers'. Assn.
Stmr Portland. . Lindquist. Seattle: Northern
Commercial Co.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu; J D
S;>reckels & Bros Co.:
Br stmr . Wyefield, Watson, Nanaimo; John
Rosenteld'a Sons Co. '
Bark Agate, Bergman, Bristol Bay; Bristol
Packins Co. • ¦ -.
Bark KauilanI, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond . & ; Co. : . ¦¦
Fr bark Max, Gulllon, Queenstown; L C
Sheldon.
Bktn • Coronado, Potter, Honolulu ; J . D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
¦ - ¦ Saturday, April 19.
Stmr, Eureka; Jeesen. Eureka. ' . .-.'•¦
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu, v
Stmr Chehalis, Thompsen, San Pedro. ' -
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno. ,
Stmr Portland. Lindquist, Seattle.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard. Coos Bay.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Bark Reaper, Ackerman, Bristol Bay.
Schr Sacramento, Hansen, Siuslaw River.
Schr Ida, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Peerless, Rydell, Bristol Bay.
Schr Fannie Dutard. Hansen. Port Blakeley.
Schr.H C Wright, Nelson, Mahukona.
Schr Monterey, Granule, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN,
Per Br ship Talus — Jan 14, lat IS S4 S, Ion
37 40 "W, Br ship Alnsdale, from Frederlck
stad to Australia; Feb 4, lat 65 20 S. Ion 64 12
W, Br ship Thalatta, hence Nor 26, for Sharp
ness. Feb 0. lat 66 45 S, Ion 71 42 "W, Br ship
Senator, from Chemalnus for Liverpool; Feb
10, lat 56 88 8. Ion 72 53 "W. Br ship Chas
Cotesworth, ' f rom Victoria for Liverpool; March
4.. lat 25 43 S, Ion 8S 33 W, Br ship Ladakh.
from Cardiff, for Vancouver; April 6, lat 28 49
N, Ion' 131 30 W, Am ship bound S, with sky
sal! yard down. -
Feb 22, lat 34 29 S; Ion 49 27 W— Ger bark
Atalanta, from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
Per Fr ship La Perouse — April 15, schr Aza
lean, from San Diego, i for Eureka. .
Per atmr Empire — April 18, 4 pm, passed a
three-masted ship hoye to about 20 miles SSB
of Point Arena. Appeared to be bound for San
Francisco.
Per stmr Chas Nelson — April 19, 8 miles W
of Point Montaro. ship St Frances, from New
castle, Aus., for San • Francisco, and wished to
be reported. ¦ • '
¦ April 2; ' lat S7 N, Ion • 39 "W — Ital shlD F S
Clarnpa. hence Nov 11, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
: POINT LOBOS, April 19, 70 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT — Arrived April 19 — Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
COOS BAY — Arrived Anril 19 — Schr Volun
teer, hence April 11.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived April 19 — Schr
Mary E Foster, from Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 18—
Stmr Santa Barbara, from Redondo.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 19— Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived April 19 — Stmr Homer,
from Eureka. ¦ " •
PORTLAND— Sailed Auril 19— Ship Agnes,
Oswald, for East London.
UMPQUA— Arrived April 16— Schr .Sadie,
from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 19— Schr
Mary E Foster, from Honolulu. •• ¦ . . i
Passed in April 19 — Schr King Cyrus, from
Honolulu. .
Sailed April 19 — Ger ship Alice, for Queens-
Times and- Heights of High and 'Low
, Waters at Fort Point. . entrance to Sao
' Francisco Bay. Published • by official ' au
thority of the Superintendent. . •
NOTE — The high ' and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the ] same at both places.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
SUNDAY. APRIL 20.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. 49. hours from San
Fearo.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 94 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 76 hours from "WillaDa
Harbor.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 24 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ '-^ • - .
Ship St Francis, Murray, 72 days from New- ¦
castle, NSW.
Ship Mary I Cushing. McNeill, 18 days f rom-
Honolulu. ' .
Ship Jabez Howes, Clapp, 79 days from Syd
ney. \ ,
Fr Bhio La Perouse, . Sauvlsnon, 68 days
from Hobart. :
Br Bhio Talus Fisher. 132 days from Ant-"
werp. via Flushing 125 days. -
Bktn S N Castle, Nilson, 16 days from Hono
lulu. •..••,
Schr Corinthian, Korth, S\i days from Co
quille Elver. - . >
Schr Rosamond. Johnson, days from
Eleele. via Honolulu. y rrom
Schr J G Wall, Anderson, 3 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Eliza Miller, Johnson, 6 days from Cocs
13ay.
Saturday, April 19.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Brag™. - : : .
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 57 hour* from Coos
Stmr Cella. H teems. . 20 hours from Fort
Brags. (
Stmr Charles Nelson. Schage, 40 hours from
21
Steamer.
Pot.
Ealb.
City of Topeki Skagrray't Way Ports. Apr 20
Farallon: Skagrway & Way Ports. Apr 20
Nome City... Nome direct ....... Apr" •>!
Al-Kl ... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 2.1
Jeanle. ...... Nome direct."...:..;..,. lApr 24
Humboldt.;. . Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr.' 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.iApr. 25
Dlrlgo....... Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 2ft
Cotucs City. Skagway A Way Ports. |Apr.' 30
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls. | Pier.
April 20. f \
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Phcenix.... Mendocino City .... 12 m Pier 13
HtJOkane... Ban Diego &. Way. 9amlPlerll
Coo? Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 amlPler 11
April 21. |
Mandalay.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm|Pier 2
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt 2 pm|Pler 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
April 22. ,
Empire.... Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier !»
S. Barbara. Seattle direct 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt » am Pier *>
i * - April 23. ; . ,
Rival ...... WlUapa Harbor. . . ; 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
O. Dollar. . Grays . Harbor .... 4', pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria '& 'Portland 11 am pier 2i
'¦¦ ,-, April 24.- .-
Kureka.... Huraboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
• • April 25. .
Arctic... Humboldt . ; 10 am Pier 2
BecsleK... Golofnin Bay-Teller pj er
April 20.
Lakrne Astoria & Portland. Pier "2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena- ...... 2 pm Pier ;2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ' l>
Kanta Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
April 28.
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Ban ,Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS-
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor & pm Pier 2
• i April 29.
Ncwburg. . Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm|Pier 2
"May 1. .. 1 S'i
Soncma.... Sydney & "Way pt» 10 am Pi»r 7
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Argyll N. . T. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pl*r 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier lfT
Steamer. | r From. | Due.
Steamer.
I Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. 20
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 20
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 20
M. Dollar. ... Had lock & Whatcom... Apr. 20
Santa Cruz.. . Newport & Way P6rts.: Apr. 21
Lukme. ...... Portland & Astoria ... Apr. '21
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Apr. 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Pts.. Apr. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Pleiades...'.. Seattle Apr. 21.
Keith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus... .... Oyster Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 22
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt Apr 22
Sta; Barbara. San Pedro ..' Apr. 22
Doric Cblna & Japan Apr. V2
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 22
Pan Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 23
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 23
City ot Puebl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. "24
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 24
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
«. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. «5
Sequoia. Grays Harbor Apr. 25
Newburg Grays Harbor ' Apr. 26
Australia.... Tahiti Apr. 2tt
Curacao Mexican Ports.......... Apr. 27
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. Ltndauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 27
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Knlnlcr. .... . Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 30
Sun
Sun
Mot
rise
sets
in se
"3
:s
5:27
;.w:.rr. 6:49
4:00 a. m.
.¦ts
20 i
21
23
ITImel
L W
3:57
4:39
5:16
5:55
H W
0:03
0:30
0:58
1:29
Time
PL Ft.
H W
1.0 10:27 4.9
0.7 11:19 4.9
0.5 12:05 4.7
0.2 12:52 4.6
L W
5.3 6:35 0.2
5.1 7:13 - 0.3
4.3 7:53 0.4
4.6 8:36 0.5
Time
tTw
8:56
4:34
6:10
5:44
H-W
1:39
2:25
3:17
4:09
Time
Bt, Ft,
H W
1.6 10^27 "Ts
1.9 11:01 I] 5.5
2.2 11:34 5.4
2.5
L W
4.4 6:19 2.8
4.3 C:55 2.9
4.2 7:36 3.0
4.2 8:30 3.0
24 ¦
25
26
27
Steamer.
Pot.
Ealb.
City of Topeki Skagrray't Way Ports. Apr 20
Farallon: Skagrway & Way Ports. Apr 20
Nome City... Nome direct ....... Apr" •>!
Al-Kl ... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr 2.1
Jeanle. ...... Nome direct."...:..;..,. lApr 24
Humboldt.;. . Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr.' 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.iApr. 25
Dlrlgo....... Skagway & Way Ports. I Apr. 27
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 2ft
Cotucs City. Skagway A Way Ports. |Apr.' 30
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls. | Pier.
April 20. f \
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Phcenix.... Mendocino City .... 12 m Pier 13
HtJOkane... Ban Diego &. Way. 9amlPlerll
Coo? Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 amlPler 11
April 21. |
Mandalay.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm|Pier 2
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt 2 pm|Pler 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
April 22. ,
Empire.... Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier !»
S. Barbara. Seattle direct 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt » am Pier *>
i * - April 23. ; . ,
Rival ...... WlUapa Harbor. . . ; 4 pm Pier 2
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
O. Dollar. . Grays . Harbor .... 4', pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria '& 'Portland 11 am pier 2i
'¦¦ ,-, April 24.- .-
Kureka.... Huraboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
• • April 25. .
Arctic... Humboldt . ; 10 am Pier 2
BecsleK... Golofnin Bay-Teller pj er
April 20.
Lakrne Astoria & Portland. Pier "2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena- ...... 2 pm Pier ;2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ' l>
Kanta Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
April 28.
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Ban ,Juan.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS-
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor & pm Pier 2
• i April 29.
Ncwburg. . Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm|Pier 2
"May 1. .. 1 S'i
Soncma.... Sydney & "Way pt» 10 am Pi»r 7
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Argyll N. . T. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pl*r 9
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier lfT
Steamer. | r From. | Due.
Steamer.
I Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor Apr. 20
Mackinaw... Tacoma Apr. 20
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 20
M. Dollar. ... Had lock & Whatcom... Apr. 20
Santa Cruz.. . Newport & Way P6rts.: Apr. 21
Lukme. ...... Portland & Astoria ... Apr. '21
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Apr. 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Pts.. Apr. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Pleiades...'.. Seattle Apr. 21.
Keith Seattle Apr. 22
Tellus... .... Oyster Harbor Apr. 22
Crescent City Crescent City Apr. 22
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 22
Eureka Humboldt Apr 22
Sta; Barbara. San Pedro ..' Apr. 22
Doric Cblna & Japan Apr. V2
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 22
Pan Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 23
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 23
City ot Puebl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 24
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. "24
Point Arena. . Point Arena Apr. 24
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 25
«. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. «5
Sequoia. Grays Harbor Apr. 25
Newburg Grays Harbor ' Apr. 26
Australia.... Tahiti Apr. 2tt
Curacao Mexican Ports.......... Apr. 27
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 27
G. Ltndauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. 27
North Fork.. Humboldt Apr. 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Knlnlcr. .... . Seattle & New Whatcom Apr. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Apr. 30
Sun
Sun
Mot
rise
sets
in se
"3
:s
5:27
;.w:.rr. 6:49
4:00 a. m.
.¦ts
20 i
21
23
ITImel
L W
3:57
4:39
5:16
5:55
H W
0:03
0:30
0:58
1:29
Time
PL Ft.
H W
1.0 10:27 4.9
0.7 11:19 4.9
0.5 12:05 4.7
0.2 12:52 4.6
L W
5.3 6:35 0.2
5.1 7:13 - 0.3
4.3 7:53 0.4
4.6 8:36 0.5
Time
tTw
8:56
4:34
6:10
5:44
H-W
1:39
2:25
3:17
4:09
Time
Bt, Ft,
H W
1.6 10^27 "Ts
1.9 11:01 I] 5.5
2.2 11:34 5.4
2.5
L W
4.4 6:19 2.8
4.3 C:55 2.9
4.2 7:36 3.0
4.2 8:30 3.0
24 ¦
25
26
27
DE. PIEECE'S EEMEDIES.
smiths a isils.
The man who puts on stilts does not in-
crease his actual stature by the breadth of
a hair. He feels taller while he's on the
stilts, and when he's off them he feels
shorter than he ever
_ BB|^ felt. Stimulants are
€jj_5 the stilts of the stom-
V *» / ttd !• _L DCy XQ3jCC £1
man feel better for the
j^\t'ii?^VM- \ tirae being, but he
l/il WM (111 tfk feels a S reat deal "worse
Im lit'I'l !i|ltfM\ for them afterward.
m fill I m The need of the man
IS BillHl fiF hose stomach-is
\JJ tegS^ Mr "weak" is not stimu-
C BBBfiBj J Nation but strength.
r r> Pierce's Golden
|fiMfBHB Medical Discovery
|Eb|i i^a perfectly answers that
R«3 BM nee d. It cures the dis-
I^B «H eases of the digestive
IjH ftk and nutritive system
Ehcw k_ which make the stom-
IkS En a °k " v "' ea^-" It en "
Ie3 Eu ables the digestion and
[Hi ra assimilation of food, so
y?# pB that the body receives
TJ \ the nutrition on which
I \ . depends its strength.
"I took two bottles erf
Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery for stomach
trouble," writes Clarence
Carnes, Esq^Taylorstown,- .
Loudoun Co., Va. « It did
' me so much good that I.
/' didn't take any more. I
/*•*• , can eat most anything
• ••«. i t ,. _., i -' 2° w> I ala so well pleased
with it I hardly know how to thank you for your
kind information. I tried a whole lot of thin—.
before I wrote to you. A gentleman told me of
?our -medicine, and how it cured/ his wife
Thousrht I would try a bottle of it. Am now
glad that I did. for I do not know what I should
have done had it not been for Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery." .
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
medicines. He gains; You lose. There-
fore accept 'no substitute for, "Golden
Medical Discovery." '
The sluggish fiver is made active by
the use of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
STEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SECRETS
Tha Lives of Men and Women'
Laid Bare By Their
Handwriting,
Generous Offer of a Prominent New
York Specialist to Give Each
Header of This Paper a
Character Reading From
Bis Handwriting Ab-
solutely Free.
"Would you like to know what vocation
Tou 6hould follow in life to be most suc-
cessful; to make the most money? "Would
you like to be able to wield an irresistible
personal Influence andy:harm over those
with whom you come in contact? Would
you know the character and secret na-
tures of the people you meet? Would you
learn the secret road to the heart of every
human belng^? Send us thirty worda cr
more of your natural handwriting and ten
cents in silver or stamps to cover cost of
stenographic work, mailing, etc., and we
will guarantee to give you a reading of
your character and tell you what voca-
tion nature intended you to follow to
make the most money and secure the
greatest amount of happiness.
Tour whole life secret is revealed in
your handwriting. Your, special abilities
and talents are plainly indicated. Some
people get JlS.a week salary when they
should get $50. They are following the
wrong vocation. It may be you are on
the wrong track.
In addition to the reading of your char-
acter from your handwriting, we will send
you. absolutely free, a beautifully illus-
trated copy of our new book entitled
"The Secret of Power," which fully ex-
plains the "Ki-Magi" System of Personal
Influence, a new system of influ-
encing and controlling people, which is
guaranteed to make you successful in any
business or profession. Hundreds of
prominent business men, lawyers, doctors
_od ministers of the gospel are daily
practicing the money-making secrets of
this marvelous power.
"Your Ki-Magi System of Personal In-
fluence has brought me that success in
business for which I have been looking,"
writes Mr. S. I. Tetter of Middletown.
*¦ a. "It is the magnet that controls, there
is no'guesswork about it— it is a scientlnc
fact. It has taught me to know and con-
trol myself as well as others."
Mr. W. Rockwell Kent of BInghamton,
U. 1.. says: "Your Ki-Magi System Is
the most powerful agency on earth for
the betterment of man. All who master
it will become a power in the world and
be successful and happy."
Our new system enables you to read the
innermost secrets of a person's nature
and to exert a powerful and irresistible
influence over whomever you will with-
out his knowledge. It is one hundred.
times more powerful and effective than
hypnotism, threats, entreaties or anything
else of this nature. It unfolds to you the
secret of perfect health; it enables you
to cure diseases without drugs or medi-
cines and explains a. new secret system
of physical development by which you
can attain perfect health and marvelous
strength In one-tenth the time required
by any other system of physical culture.
If you want to know for yourself the
money-making secrets of our system, send
your name and address to the Columbia
Scientific Academy, Dept. 322M. 1931
Broadway, New York, N. Y., and our
new bcok, together with the free reading
of your handwriting by our eminent spe-
cialist, will be forwarded at once postpaid.
Oakland Water-Front Property,
A 6plendid buy. Large value now. A
grand investment for the future, nearly
one thousand feet of frontage on Brook-
lyn Basin.
FOR $50,000,
"With the Best of Railroad Facilities,
The Place Where Water and Rail Meet.
APPLY TO THE
E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
1O18 Broadway. Oakland, or
Room 32, Second Floor, Mills Building.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
J$0&0%± FIVE DOLLAR
ELECTRIC BELT
genuine. Power-
JkK ful <~n*at. I— test lm-
•S&tz provftaentm. It cure*
*«it x without medicine. Not
sold br s-ecnts or druggists. No discount!
Free br mail on receipt of price. Circulars
free. Aek for the "Dr. Alden Electric
Belt." Call or addresi the PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 200 Post. St., S. F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
ttrer.glh to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
• OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PI<J IRON.
J f U7I Sft V fr f •! 90 ° B*"«rr Street.
J- L- niLOUH - t J-. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflVFS£ffl Shipping Butchers. 10*
JAJ- DUICi _ 14J CUy. Tel. Main 12D4.
_____ .
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD _ ELLIS.
416 Front ft.. E. F. Phone M_n 17111.
PRIMING. "^
ECflUGBES. m-agffS,,,.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
SHE HIC_S-JUDD,CO,
S3 First street. E— > Fnnclieat
~/f"^- — "" A __• __• _l *_ _#
¦//mjL \ A few facts about ouri
7 Ziffle lt ls made by us in our own worksh °P s f rom materials bought j
'/JhIIHIH It is made by union labor and bears the label, of the United Gar-
: ll^^^lllillIw^i1^mv\ N It: is aI1 that ordinar y aressers want in fabric, style and price.
I It is sold direct from maker to wearer at but one very reasonable
Vw8EiwNlra It is the only popular priced, ready-to-wear clothing sold on this
¦ X^li^l^^ • !t is tnere f° re the best value for the price of any clothing in this city.
\JSls&PvJ(ffi^ It is guaranteed to please you— money's worth or 'money back; a
viifVB&Mu^¦toX&X^uM^^iiiffiiylu v\^S\ u i fi BiH i vpjh*'^ TGDairino* free with each suit.
\ "^^wl^S^^^WiiiP^ " It comprises men's, youths', boys' and children's clothing of every
cheviots, serges; clays : and. worsteds RrkAJc' P II t*t\ \ oV\ 1 1I 4% C fSvIS-'
in desirable patterns; .made in single *->Uy2> 1 til 11 1311 1 11£J^ MiMllff'
and double breasted styles in the lat- For one week we announce a half-price. HlBf nBfill '!
cst style cuts; if sold on the principle, - 3 ale of boys' pajamas and Russian blouse ||(|| US I'
$12.50 instead of -p^ pajamas come in a variety of patterns, ||; if \$M-\ \
H^9oOO with regular. or military collars; colors, lav- H 1 | IPjfj!' I
«« • n- .'•'.¦ , endcr, pink, blue and o.xblood in striped ef- fa/-! 1 fell-- I
xv-v.ii'S 1 lUU5)CIi fects; ages 6 to 16. $1.00 pajamas for 50c; . ;ffi|jj| JJm!.'; '
: Here. is a chance, to tone up that c T \ n naiamas for 75c mvl iBS'-
., • •• . , • . . . , . ¦ ¦ , ¦; - * J>1. SU U— 1 dill da 1UI iJu. • ¦ & ,' < uJBr"
suit 111 which the coat and vest arc " ...\' W M!|/ \.n Mi'' i
too good to cast aside as yet. We, are The blouses are wash fabrics, neatly trim- - jKJj/] :^\l||i
offering striped worsted trousers in a me d; colors, white, blue, pink and navy; ages '\'Mr~^ T_l_* ! '
yanety.of^a^rnsioronly u : ; to 6; $1.50 blouses for 75c; $_.& blouses . $&*$£
Spring goodsarc in— ; , « * 1 , Out-of-town orders
wash suits, blouse Ca^^M %A/tfli/ri_rfe fc* dlPk filled— write us for any-
waists, straw hats, etc. xTJ/^ % %%J %J gj fa) I I f 'thing in men's or boys'
We;sel! boys' caps for i T*v -~FX2r clothing, furnishings or
;10c each. 718 Market Street hats.NOTED CRIMINAL MEETS
FATE AT OFFICER'S HANDS
Pinkerton Agency Receives Tizws of "Oi'C. Honk s
Death While Resisting Arrest in Texas. '
LONDON FEARS
MEAT FAMINE
Hotel: Proprietors Find
Themselves in a
Quandary.
World's Metropolis Filling
Up With Coronation
Vi&itorj. -
LONDON, April 19.— The annual Ameri
can invasion of Great Britain has already
set -'in. .. Almost within a night familiar
figures have sprung uy in the London
streets.: Americans seem to be on every
side, and no persons are more welcome,
for the storekeepers and hotel proprietors
have had a wearisome winter ] and are
counting on the -trade ot the coronation
visitors. .:..:.
The hotel proprietors of this city fear
they have a serious problem before them
In their efforts to satisfy the demand for
meat. ' The local butchers already have
sounded the alarm and are .putting up
prices; but the prices, however exorbitant,
they declare, cannot prevent a meat fam
ine if new sources of supply are not pro
vided. -
"It- is a very serious situation," de
clared the manager of a syndicate con
trolling half a dozen of the largest hotels
in London. "Our refrigerator-rooms are
already stocked up with all the beef we
can s'ecure."" _<
Lomlon itself is already donning its new
dreisfor the coronation. Electricians and
gasfltters are festooning buildings for il
lumination, the hotels are radiant in new
paint and the Strand and other thorough
fares have been repaired.
The Blue-coat boys broke up for the last
tim« at the historic old school on Newgate
street Friday last. The boys were mus
tered on the quadrangle and listened to
a farewell address delivered by the head
master and then started for their holi
days. "When they reassemble it will be
in the new buildings at Horham.
~ The "Blue-«oat School" or modern
building of Christ's Hospital was erected
in 1825/ The foundation of Christ s Hos
pital was one of the last acts of Klr.g
Edward VI, who died ten days later, July
6, 1553. The sale of the building was or
dered in December, 1889. The new school
provides boarding schools at Horham,
Sussex, for 700 boys and 500 girls, and for
the education of 2370 children, a third of
whom are to be fed and educated free.
Value of the Colonial Trade.
SYDNEY,' N. S. W., April 19.— John See,
Premier and Colonial Secretary of New
South Wales, at a banquet to-night said
the time was not far distant when Great
Britain would realize that. her Interests
would best be served by giving preference
to the trade of, the" British colonies, to
which she is allied by ties of blood an-3
kinship. There were present* at the ban
quet Richard John Seddon, the New Zea
land , Premier: Edmund Barton. Prime
Minister and Minister for External Affairs
in the first Australian Federal Cabinet;
Sir William John Lyne, Minister for
Home Affairs in the Australian Federal
Government, and other prominent colonial
residents.
Rathbone Appears in Couri
HAVANA, April 19.— Estes G. Rathbone
was brought before the Supreme Court
this afternoon on a writ of habeas corpus.
His counsel said the *Audiencia Court had
accepted the bond offered by a . fidelity
company for Rathbone' s appearance, but
had imposed the unusual condition thai
tn,e bond be made a public deed, drawn
before a notary, causing unnecessary delay
and expense. Senor Nuno, a' notary, •¦ tes
tified that it would require a week to get
the deed through and arrange the amount
of the. State tax upon it. The court re
mained in session until 10:30 to-night, ad
journing- at that time until - to-morrow. ,
Settlers Thronging /. the Northwest.
ST. PAUL, April 19.— Carefully prepared
estimates show that 44,000 settlers have
gone Into the State of Washington aldne
this spring. Accurate figures as to the
settlement in Northern Minnesota, North
Dakota and Montana are not yet avail
able but it is thought that the statisics
will show at least 20 per cent more immi
gration than the figures for Washington.
On th's basis the settlement of the States
from Minnesota west to the Pacific this
spring has already reached a total of
97.000 people. | This Is 8t000 more than the
estimates of the movement • during the
spring of 1901. -
New University for Shansi.
PEKING, April .19.— Timothy Richard
son and Moir Duncan will start shortly
for Taiyuenfei to: institute there the
Shans! University, established with the
consent of the Governor of the province
of Shansl, Which is pledged to give 500,000
taels ($505,000) for the establishment and
maintenance of the. institution, in lieu of
the payment of Protestant indemnities,
which are waived. Richardson and Dun
can will be respectively chancellor and
principal of the university.
THE %B'M< FB ANCISCO CALL, SUND AY, APRIL 20, 1902.
DENVER, April 19.-rCeneral. Frederick
Funston was the principal speaker at the
banquet of the Colorado Society,' Sons ot
the Revolution)'/ His reference to> the
Philippine war. was on the lines' of his
previous speeches. .The prolongation of
the war, . he declared, was- due- more to
outside influences than to the : desire ; of
the Filipinos .for t independence. . General
Funston said: "I have only sympathy for
the senior -Senator .from 'Massachusetts,
who is suffering from an overheated . con
science." ¦ He, ¦ however,', expressed . great
contempt for- men* who, he "at
the beginning of the war would "have had
us . take everything Spain - had," but are
now "playing, at peanut politics and gam
bling in the blood of their countrymen.".
Funston Is Sorry for Hoar.
,j FRESNO,: April 19.— IV is reported that
there' are two parties In! the; Kings River
Canyon country ' reserving watercourses
for the generation of electricity In 'behalf
of . • San Francisco ; and ; San Bernardino
capitalists.". ; City ? Engineer Teilman, ;' who
has. returned. from that mountain section,
says *: that the : parties have given ' notice
of . the appropriation .. of * almost every
available . inch •; of water, and ¦" he foresees
danger in allowing their operations to pro
ceed unhindered," as '\ this appropriation
for .private ? purposes ' will ; block the .ulti
mate :. plans", of ; the Federal k Government
for. its mountain reservoirs as "a protection
against .droughts.— It is ; likely an effort
- X' •¦•¦"¦¦.¦-' ¦-¦¦¦¦ -'- 1 ;-.: -; ¦ '
Monopolizing Water Bights:
COUNCIL GROVE, Kan., April 19.—
Henry pumprope, the murderer of George
Crowley, was arrested last night at Hois r
lngton, and brought here to-day. This
evening he. was taken to Emporia, where
he will • be tried. Dumprope made a full
Confession of his crime. He said he and
Crowley; were returning from Emporia in
a wagon, from 'a business trip. While on
the ¦. way they ; became involved in a'.quar
rel - about whether a certain" house they
passed was a newly painted old house : or
a' new. house. /'After* warm,: words Dum
prope says he struck Crowley in the head
With ; the- end gate " and killed him. :,, He
wrapped the body - in blankets, "tied a
stone to it; and threw it"» in 'the Nosho
River, where it 'was " found yesterday.
Murderer Confesses His Crime.
will,, be ' made here to 'present a formal I
protest 'against further private encroach- I
ment on water rights which should be
conserved to the public?
When;- asked as to the building of war
ships'in Government ya^ds.Mr. Long re
newed his disapproval of such action, on
the ground that the cost would. be about
25 per cent greater and that it would have
a tendency to build up political organiza
tions at the navy yards. As to- subma
rine. boa-ts,'the Secretary thought.lt would
be well to defer further action until boats
now under construction had been com
pleted and tested. . . :-; .
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Secretary
Long .was before the House Committee on
Naval Affairs to-day and discussed the
building of new ships and other. items of
naval expenditures. The Secretary- fa
vored appropriat'ons for three battleships,
two armored cruisers and several smaller
ships . this year, along the '.lines "of his
recommendations in his annual report. He
also explained features of the'improve
ment at the United States Naval . Acad
emy and the expenditures upon ,the emer
gency fund.^ ' \ . .
Long Favors More Warships.
• As/a result of this report many per
sons, including men of wealth and Influ
ence, all of whom are : not' in har
monv .-.'" with. President Zelaya, •; were
arrel|ed and placed in the. peni
tentiary. It, is currently reported' that
those persons imprisoned for political
causes will soon be forced to pay large
fines in order to obtain their release,' as
the Nicaraguan Government is in dis
tressing need of money.
"Listen to the cadence. . Put. your' ear
to ' the drum.~>The . storm approaches.
Watch and pray." '/¦ •
It is raid in substance that about two
weeks r.go a rumor was circulated in the
town ol Granada, that a citizen of that
place had received a . newspaper from
Panama, : Colombia, on the margin of
which waB written in pencil, supposedly
by Enrique Guzman, an expatriated, po
litical opponent of President Zelaya :•
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, April 19.— The
Democracia, the daily semi-official organ
of the Governnitnt, published an article a
short tirno ago endeavoring to explain
why so rr.any rftoifclnerit citizens have're
cently been imprisoned incommunicado in
the penitentiary by the order of President
Zelaya. ",
Arrest of Prominent Nic
aragua Citizens Ex
plained.
To Exploit San Lucas Oil Fields.
MONTEREY, April 19.— The Combined
Oil Land Company of Los. Angeles is
about to commence drilling for oil in' the
neighborhood of San Lucas, Southern
Monterey County. It is said that experts
consider the site selected to be one of the
best locations in the county.
COPENHAGEN*. April 19.— The strike of
dock laborers Is spreading. Upward of 8000
men are now in strike at tbe various ports of
Denmark.
RUMOR SENDS
THEM TO JAIL
According to Pinkerton, Hanks was one
of the most desperate robbers his agency
ha6 had to do with and he' expressed satis
faction that an end had at last been put
to his career.
members of the gang are now in jail, but
Longabaugh and Parker are still at large.
Hanks, shortly after the last- robbery,
was pursued by officers in' Nashville,
Tenn. He jumped into an ice wagon an-i
drove off at a furious»rate of speed. But
the ice wagon was too slow for him. ¦ He
threw the horses down, blocking the road,
forced a negro out' of a buggy, drove into
the country, secured a fresh horse and
escaped. Shots were exchanged on both
sides.
BANK ROBBER WHO WAS
v>~ SHOTfTQ DEATH WHILE RE
SISTING ARREST. ';>£'•¦:¦>
ANN AREOR. Mich., April 19.— Judge -
Kinne in the Circuit Court to-day handed
down his opinion in the case of the Great
Hive, Ladies of the Maccabees, State ht
Michigan, against the Supreme Hive, La
dies of the Maccabees of the World,
brought to determine the right of the
Great Hive to institute lodges outside of
the State, and to use the regalia, ritual
and title of the order. Judge Kinne de
cided that the Great Hive had an equal
and co-ordinate right with the Supreme
Hive to use the regalia, ritual and title
of the order, and denied to the defendants
the possession of any paramount and ex
clusive right to the same.
Great Hive's Eights Are Defined.
«• «ORD was received here yes
\\ )\ / terday by W. A. Pinkerton
\L/\L/ of the Plnkerton's National
V V Detective Afency that O..C.
Hanks, alias Camllia Hanks,
alias Charley Jones, alias Deaf Charley.
was shot in San Antonio, Tex., on Wed
nesday by Officer Pink Taylor while re
sisting arrest. The body was identified
: by the Pinkerton people aad also by his
mother, Mrs. A. L. Cox, of Abilene, Tex.
She 'gave his correct name 1 - as Orland
Camille Hanks. Hanks at one time lived
in San Francisco, but was never con
cerned here in a serious affair.
Hanks was as desperate a criminal as
ever operated in the United States and
was one of a gang of train and bank rob
bers. George Parker, arias "Butch"
sidy, alias George Oassidy, alias Inger
field, and Harry Longbaugh. alias "Kid"
Longbaugh, alias Harry Alonzo, alias the
"Sundance Kid," with Hanks and a num
ber of others were concerned in the rob
be,ry of the First National Bank of W.in
nemucca, New. when $32,040 was secured
by three masked men, wira entered the
bank,- held up the cashier and four other
persons. Two of the robbers carried re
volvers and the third a Winchester. They
compelled the. five persons to go into the
inner office of the bank while the robbery
was committed. Most of the money was
in sold coin. |
The same gang was concerned in the
hold-up of the Great Northern express
train, near Wagner, Mont., on July 3, 1931,
when $65,000 in unsigned bills of the Na
tional Bank of Montana and the Ameri
can National Bank of Helena were stolen.
Bills to the amount of between WOO and
$500 of the National Bank of Montana
were found on the body of Hanks. Other
22
' JOE BOSEHBEnQ-a \ _ M*^
I In town here are some of the greatest values in 1
I hosiery you ever heard of. Made expressly for us of |
I picked cotton, they are the kind that will wear and fit J
I because they are made that way. Here ate a few |
I examples of what we are going to sell them for: |j
I WONDERS NEVER CEASE HERE. AT 124 CENTS. AT 17 GENTS. |
i 60 dozen of CHILDREN'S liOSE, CHILDREN'S HOSE, made of picked CHILDREN'S EVERLASTp G H
1 SSSf- foe e S X i r nVK rn fuH b legth°?S? South Sea Island cotton, bicycle. ribbed. gg^^^tffl^r^TSSSf 1
1 black all sizes lengtn, rasi double heelSf toes an d knees, fast black, est cotton that is made, Swiss ribbed, B
M ,' *• tr\ OBMTC full length, soft as velvet: th^ kind that fast black, soft and elastic, double heels. H
m ¦ ' . \\J UCIl I w» _, ,„ „. . * •„;,•• t^t- oil »«,»=- o wnn toes and knees, extra long. Inspect them B
ffl . wiU not burn your feet; all sizes, a won- and you cannot res ist buying at this ¦
1 Some Good Offerings in Ladies' aer I6r the °" ner 13 * c - Jr ' ce • —
n Unco • F'S^FF'I To every purchaser of six pairs of Stockings t—n F* P* f ||
H ., li\i^t rMt.t' I this week we will give two large balls of i* H f~ h I U
M 49 dozen of LADIES' HOSE, made of B.ME Mma Earn jr i f te yer y es^ p as f Black Darning Cotton * ' ' *" lkm ' H
¦ the very best quality English thread, — — : r— - 'B
I SS?Ti^i l ? 1 Sio d^ l «?5»S t S^S .. ¦ Manufacturers Sale of Under- BELOW MANUFACTURER'S COST. I
|SSnto d cfflffiito^^« p S5if^2- Muslins. • 50c-Was6 Veils Now 15c. |
B ••••—. • ; 2oC We bought materials from a house 700 VI3LS made of the best lm- |
m C««%« M«ro *- that was giving up business and had ported wash net, scalloped embroid- B
I '£§& ¦ ??,. -Si^ i f S^t«^l^n, m o^n ta f^STl^K «- *«*«. and figured pat- 1
1 ® \W pftSSS,. thr°e!f ,' ftSTSfacS a iJ^^Ss^do^NB m ade of best \™ tO I
M ~ r*- double heels and toes, full .'X N^Tniofw dmiblf ' ba^k veils at tMs P rice 15c H
I £ f. length If we did not buy^them .?^ l { ty yo^~ a ° ( g? tucked'. On Exhibition Market-street Windows. |
g direct from th e .manufacturer bemat ltched -and trimmed with dainty DA«,i«««r*» M
1 rhPnTfnr * ThJ ¦ orlc? we S lnsertion& o£ torchon lace ' nftck ' 063^1118^. |
I V them for the price r we ask s ie e ves finished with lace-trlmmed. hem- Just rece ived by express from Paris H
M ' • -°'^. sUtched ruffle, full length. Vextra wide. erA) vardi of VEILINGS or BEAUTI- M
i i iL " Yoke finished with full bow of all silk fJe^ made on the finest chlflons In M
i AnOthSr. ZS? 1 ribb ° n - PriCe •»«^e«.»-«? f - <*£ wSkfVhSJ'and nit^tf bS2° n Ei£ I
1 e£ri°£Z S oU^ S^u^i e^l Or -iSKAW^I to^ m^^&ST5^ 1
i and toes full TenethwhUe feet- just T^ de^ f b^ qi i all E^ Lons I are the swellest lot of veilings that ever |
1 S£^hcs e e "for tende/feet Wholesale price g m ! he C d a^ b t rt h C ' sI ?S Jjg «»»• *° Fr i s , co and the prices are less |
m S4 00 n. doz#>n- nur nrice 2";*»*a Dair \. ; i nnisnea wnn six-men eage than you will ever buy them for again.
| 54.00 a dozen, our price......^ o c a pair "VJ of good strong openwork O ur way of selling the best... 50c
H •¦-¦.'• it in • ri-iiTn -^Jiku'L. embroidery. Well made. : ? ;.
H AT \7i> Ei'NTS, aI1 felled seams . no raw Uolr Dine £
W. «1 If 2 U-HIOi -W*t%*»^ edges. Cut wide and full. Well "InS. I
M Best Hose in Frisco for the Money. . Highly special 75c Cfyn . They Were made ex- -^ ;
B A broad statement, bat true, nevertheless. Also LADIES' CORSET «&?«? pressiy - for us. They are •.(rf"M^^ S)|1
B ¦,..,,. >,o^ir -p C r-,- 1 t!',T, x-v nnt COVERS. made of best f^v invisible and heavy BiB^SIS'Sl
1 ? Ija5 \tlJi ? S L*u f nmf ¥Jl ftil^neth" I^lity Lonsdale Cambric. crimped, in a cabinet, the
i t0 ?; 2SX bl «niwL 1S pilfP^ 'in iLrv g rfp' f O" r insertions of lace, neck /L^f\ kind that won't lose out
Wsoft and pliable. Perfect in e\ery de- and arm s}2e lace edged< y||gS$.\ out of your hair. Patent ***
B 4c \~ „.. „„,, y, a nnnvin^ nniv fitted back, full front. -Well /fclilfSV finished point that will not pull or \
m Try one pair and be convinced. Only made ne^, y finlshed Bet . \^M) ) scratch your hair or head: made of I
13 • ¦*¦- - 1 - ter than you can make your- 7—v \^ hard enameled steel wire; 100 hair pins 5
§3 . self for twice this price. 5Oc ' "* .»» in a cabinet; full value for,your money i
I HaVe YOU EVSr WOm Any Of OUr Sale O-Farren-street Entrance. -•—.• oc a cabinet I
I Renowned La Vida Corsets. Regular 50c- Ribbon Now 25c. men Joa Rosenberg Advertises \
I . ~ W not, give them a trial and It's the NEW GRASS LINEN RIB- 3 SflBCiSl S3 8 ?
E " A» you will never again go to the BON. We bought an immense lot of it " 1 " 1 ~~V' - v
I ST - trouble and expense of having and to introduce) it we will sell It for You may be sure to know that there are %
I j*£j V -•- a corset made to order. . • v just half its original selling price. It is some extraordinary bargains awaiting you. d
a * They are made. of best quail- the very best Grass Linen, with Satih ty,i~ w <«.v it i« a. M-ne- nt HAND-MADE I
W i?"2n ty sateen, bust cut low and Roman stripe, full five Inches wide, all T>TTT/wRr«i «rLrVd for r,,T., i
ilH ]"' tf U ' Wl f h i, 8tr S ISht iJ On^ t ftftk %£&£?*% an e - ffeCtS - A " l Si^ ?raJeTbu^ulSfdIn r^miUa^d^ S^e|
i flWSA'^J* 8 cy £l hand gored, medium soid fQI >*»... -oc ..Eastern firm allowed a liberal discount B
Eb i^m h i ps * ? hese sets arfe b , on 1 ed . . r . it ¦ • '¦¦ rather than have them returned. P
l-«™ throughout with genuine whale- . Cwjrg Ug ygg |[) They a re made of finest linen braid. M
I RrK' bone> a^ n 1 ti re ff „. iaiUB0 "' . n ne n-covered rings, solid Battenbers. |
H Is*i.« every detail. Well made and *U^p IfimnnflC A»". - new stitches. 1Sx45; regular dresst=r W
m -¦ will outwear many $10 corsets. MIUUHaOt - leneth Worth S3.25 Now «•> Ti W
| Our selling price for this wonderful cor- £&&* LADIES' KIMONA length * ? " Now......»^.Jo |
H set only ..gsJ.oO $%£&,%. DRESSING SACQUES. Innihpr RlMf! OnP I
m Sale O'Farrell-street Entrance. fe^KfSS 1 made of good quality flg- * .. WilOUlCl UUUU UUCi »
tl r?'*^I^L ured flannelette, trimmed BATTENBERG TABLE CENTER. §
B Hntl99rH ftf PriP09 in - fllir HnrQOf i^V wltn broad bands of self best quality linen braid, all fancy stitch- t
H UnngaUl-Dl nlSBi 111 UUI UUIOBI t^£W2 material or solid colors, es, solid Battenberg, 24x24. Without the I
Fa . . * n«Mii.*»«ii* 'X/-^? kimona sleeves. Neat and discount this would sell for 52. Now S
H Uepaftmenii L "' handy. Only 75c , S1.SO-
1 A straIsh J^Th% C k°; s f e i t t ! for 50c ' Our Line of Summer Shirt Waists • Elegant Silk Waists at Less Than \
WciVl£T\teT*^o? lo $^ Is th. Cheapest and Most; Cost of Materials. i
iff^'c™sSroS%rSe^.:^.^K Urp Complete in Town. .SUrSrff t oJi? > tiJf^.t tl !SEl
H . , They are made of best wash materials, .i.)F terial and the workmanship of H
M A Tfinih kf\ rJolnro Tho Haul neatly made and cut after tailor pat- _ Jr&^ the finest. Made of very best U
|A I0U3I1 10 RaiUlB InB. WBW terns? «. Gwzt\ quality Peau d& Soie. very high ft
H «r In Cronnn Utn D-srl EXCLUSIVE STYLE AND DE- |Wg>^ Wluster. cut in the new Gibson |
9 Jfe - La rrailCe -MiD "aU. SIGNS. YOU CANNOT GET TUEMI^e\hleaect. with new sleeve, fancy E
M 7S,' • , t ,, made of best aualitv ANYWHERE IN FRISCO. adjustable collar, long waist R
I curled hatred g b o e o S d JSSg, ™*~«* ™ hav <; LADIE ,S; &™ W& Jffi* fancT' bu'S "Sj^Sj 1
i hair cloth, no wire nor objec- WAISTS made of b«st quality India *- v newest T shades Tand black ToS §
i f\ tionable matter to become dlfi- lawn, back tucked, front tucked and couIdn . t f®* slfk ?1om at thS nrice I
H I- \ arranged. Light and sani- trimmed with embroidery, fancy tucked ~ couian i Duy tne suk aione at tni|_prtce R
H !> JV tary only weighing 2 ounces, collar, new sleeves with fancy pointed " ««>.*>O E
Gl /'"*A * Best hip pad made. Joe Ro- tucked cuffs. Button back or front. ¦ . « , T|»««i» n,;««« ?
Sj.w^^X, senbergs price always low- , Best chance in the world to buy a waist J US I H 018 I U8SS rNCeSi |
1^^^ est oOc at a bargain. Only gl.oO ladies' STOCK COLLARS, made off
j W Women Hada Thin b/Wear- Mm m*m at JiSEM^Si
1 j n8 r jfiem. Remarkably Low Prices. ?™* s " k - o ur rapid .emu I
& A Frisco Woman's Invention. co^tim' S2to o? teVt T 4 DD5S ' fancy reefer col- |
. I and One to Be Proud Of. stXeVh^^ or' solfd e *?n I
m «. ' It's the FOSTER HOSE SUP- ,fg§lll color cheviot, kind that will fancy 'desi-ns- suitable fo? drJ« ni I
m PORTER with wide sateen ab- '^gS wash, well made and fln- S trimmliiff M^t bf wn ?J S .n I
i ¦ /S>N dominal pad. This supporter Is mM ished. Cheaper than a linen Predated at thik nrice tO b -« P " I
M Ar-iV the' only one of ita kind, that ..Hi collar, : as ft stays clean P re «atea at this Price 49c|
H>^r curves the back in at- the waist ¦¦¦ three times as long. Our - Mmu nnrl Ctnnntnw \
I f]n line, giving the wearer the. new .special.. :.,.... ..25c ' NCW 2 II Q ctUiMin^ I
. B \JAI erect position. It has four . _ . • . '.;'• . ' j.' '. T^ A T> T tt 1 <a • rt r» t -b* 1
' H V^ity elastic bands attached to the FlrP^ Trimm inCT R? P Yf S&k, VESTS made of £>** I
• H Jl" pad, which' is lined with best UIBiJ> lIUUIHtllg OdlSi ¦ M ¦ &W ¦¦ aualitv eScrs «™i S
: H hi white English silesia. . This pad BLACK CHANTILLY LACE GA-RlJ^i? yarn extr? Z P J^ I
H U / reduces the abdomen and sup- LOON. 3 inches wide, fancy, double-edge MCT-VV knit edcea neatlv hnnnrt I
¦ " JKV- ' ports the hose more -securely floral designs, all good fast black. Worth ;i |M5 mfhai? bmTd \^,t I
1 thah any other. The supporters* double our asking price 15 C Vife% walst^ront effect frnnf I
Pare made of best elastic and webbing, "... , , ' «..>« . -. . JnY Tl trimmed with dmihio I
1 iHl|^|iBffi;i?SJ Cntical Women Will Be Pleasid )£# '«s ? S
1 Special Selling of Hair Brushes. ¦« JS?.JSJSb8SS?1 M ¦ «"- W^
H >aa«B*^ __ FINE* GENUINE wide, open patterns, button-hole edge. Mnfhore AHanfinn I
U AcSS^f9f^S> PIG BRISTLE HAIR If you are not in need of them now ITlUlllClOj ftHcllllUlli I
E MP BRUSH, solid back, it will pay you to buy them and lay Here is a bargain not to be over- I
§& **WWr. _• good firm handle, san- them aside at this price 15 C looked: ¦ • — • cr I
H Itary and Clean, as you can wash the - ' , , , 325 dozen CHILDREN'S VESTS and I
B brush without any danger of the back. ;.;,, MMR EmbrO flSf PS. pants, made of South Sea Island cotton I
H becoming, water-logged.: Sold all, over WIUIO UIIUIUIUBIICdi fleeced lined, medium weight, colors I
H town for 50c arid 75c. Our price.... 30c 3 inches wide, open pattern, good - ecru arid gray; vests high neck mh I
; I '; .' L 1 & •¦;¦¦¦ i. * .. . w ' he .n Vy button -hole scallop, the kind that . long sleeves, neck silk tape T. be- Jnd I
I tooth BR^s^'.uaiity s - IflC D flQ C M D C D H 816 MARKET STREET^
: ish 9 eV W ti!eir Wa o^sV k^^^^^^^ trough to 11 O'Farreff.
H handles. Special for this week. ...lOc Mall Orders SoIlelteS. PHELAN BUILDING.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALJHMTORED
The World Rejoices at the Discov-
ery of a System ' of treatment
•i hat Is Permanently Curing Thou-
sands of cases Formerly 1 nought
• incurable. ,
One Week'sTreatment Free to Ail
Th-s above is a portrait of Dr. 'J..M." Peebles,
who through fifty years of experimentation and
study has made discoveries that promise health
and strength to all. At the age of SO he is as
healthy and vigorous as most men of 30 and he
tsaye all can command their health, if they but
will. -The Doctor. has written a book called "A
Message of Hope", for , the ¦ sole purpose of /re-
vealing, to suffering humanity the hidden pow-
ers that are possessed by all and explaining to
them the wonderful' system of treatment which
he has perfected.*. This book gives you the key
to - perfect health , and happiness. ' Among the
thousands of cases cured by this wonderful sys-
tem of. treatment are the paralytic,* "also those
Buffering ; from ¦ Bright" s " disease, consumption,
catarrh, ¦ stomach and : bowel ¦ troubles, * nervous
debility,- rheumatism, heart disease, female ¦
, troubles, -fits, -neuralgia, =^bladder trouble, drop-
sy,' eczema, blood , disorders,- piles, - asthma;- in
fact, all. chronic troubles. .,' So sure Is the Doc-
tor that his treatment will cure ¦ all ' chronic
¦diseases that he has Instructed the Institute of
which he is nhyslclan-in-chief .to give to every
reader of The Call . who : Is . in poor health , one
week'* : treatment . free, postage paid, • in - order
to | demonstrate - to -them '.that I health | Is within
their grasp.' '.Write -•• at '-¦ once addressing' Dr.
Peebles' Institute ot Health/Battle Creek,'
MIch.V. drawer R. 3, 'stating your troubles that
they .; may • prepare - a special treatment to fit
your.'exact condition. ;•; They; wiir also send ; you
1 their, book, . '.' A Message ' of Hope,". 'explaining
fully • their , grand .' system - of z treatment : and ¦ a
full diaenosis of your case with their profes-
sional advice. ¦ • ¦ ' 4 -¦¦ • :""•,.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOBACCO KILLS.
Quit To-day by Using the New Dis-
covery, Odorless and Tasteless,
Can Be Given Secretly by Lsdies
in Tea, Coffee or Any Kind of
Fcod.
The Patient Need Never Know Why He
Stopped Using the Weed.
Mrs. Emma Winci'df Mention. Mich., says:
"The one box of Tonacco-SDeciflc you sent me
over three months ago cured my husband en-
No More Smoke or Dirty Spittoons
in our Home.
tlrely of chewing- and smoking, and he has not
used tobacco since. You remember - 1 had to
Sive the medicine to , him on the : sly in his'
coffee. It is the nicest tobacco /cure In the
world. It saved my husband's life. How
thankful I am to you for your remedy. Before
I cave him the Tobacco-Specific his heart was
so bad that he could not sleep of nights, and
he was troubled with his bowels mest of"th>
time. We thought. his nerves were eone, ,but
they . were not. for, Tobacco-Specific brought
them back as quiet as a child's. He sleeps
now like a lor ana ' looks ' bo well that every
one EDeaks about' it." ¦ ~
A free trial package will. show you that the
tobacco habit can bs cured without any effort
whatever on the part of the us»r. Send to-day.
«nd see what a wonderful 'remedy Tobacco-
Specific really is.- Rogers Drug & Chemical Co.,
3380. Fifth and Race streets, Cincinnati, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
Lectures on Beauty
MRS.
(SVJUSEOJUUUi
\*»»rmatolog:ist and Beauty
Doctor
Of Chicago, formerly of San Francisco, will
be ia this rity for two weeks, beginning
April 23d- From th« 23d to the 28th, in-
clnsire, the will give INFORMAL LECTURES
eTcrj afternoon (except Sasda?)," at 233
o'clock, at the Parlors of
MRS. L BAfiBETT-WILSON,
t> E K M P r6 LOG IS T.
1023 Market Street, NeW Sixth
Her SabJBct will bs
The Always Yonn? JffL
and Always Bean-^^
tiful Woman. L^nJl
She Trill tell ladies how the» |H 1 1>KU|
may ccltirate beauty an ho .v : \Thf*t T a
to retain it. How to obliter- | VAVrU a
ate blemishes. How to keep i i«
• tbe figure yoncg looking aad Vt'- _.~ift/
graceful, and many other
things dear to eTef/ woman** iT- ''
heart Ko two Lsctcrei the «bs^
ilrs. Graham is constantly making im-
provements in h«r line. One of her in-
ventions, patented eereral years ago. is
the HYDRO VACU, which h now used
in nearly all first-class establishments
where fac« treatments are girea. It re-
* moves and cures blackheads and pimples
and cleanses clogge j pores, makes tbe
flesh hard and firm; restores tbe contour j
&cd makes cheeks naturally rosy and re-
moves wrinkles.
015 Faces Made Younz.
Deep Wrinjcles and Smallmx
Pittines Removed, by J
Electro-Plastic Treatment I
Mrs. Graham guarantees to absolutely ' \
and permanently remove all -jrrinkles, i
ema'Jpox pittings and scars by this I
treatment. i
Attend her Lectures and learn all aboat
her wonderful work and see treatments '
given. '
Remember the time and place *-Mrs-
I. Barrett-Wilson's, 1023 Market Street, |
tear Sixth, after- »sy^
noons, at 2:3). /£&§8£aw
from the 23d to Qr^^f'^^^,
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service daily to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.-
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City, St. Louis, Chicago. New York, Boston
and all Eastern points. For full information
address
L. M. FLETCHER,
Pacific Coast Agent.
126 California et.. San Francisco. Cal.
tsides being headquarters for m
Eyeglasses is ths largest B
Scientific Instruments, H
KODAKS, If
Photographic Suppifcs. n
A CHICHCSTER'8 ENGLISH '*•'
Pennyroyal pills
H^^rV « H#* rial and »«lr Gean'BO.
WJZ*9k£SfiA3FE~ tiw»y«n>li«hi«. Ltidlw, u» 'ton-rim
%Mj£jk ** chichktee's esgiIh
J2k M "* rH>w »- ?•*•&• »tfce». Scftu*
BVn *SS 5t»5xroB» RubrtltuUonn Mid Imlt*.
\ I i "» GT «••¦•• »«y »1 7*«r Dnggi*, or tni ?*. ia
I ±J rf « u f£«_ •» PartletiUns TeatiamUte
DB- tklVS REINYIGORATORrfnrsa
Htops all losses in 24 hours. Five i3E™ra?§
hundred reward lor any case we "yUA ESS
cannot cure. This secret rem- %
tfiy cures Krr.lEEions, Impctency. JRSg BTft?
Varlcoccle, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, ffs
Strictures, Drains, Lo«t Man- fj'jjj ui Jl
hood and all other wafting et- &*& P^3
lects of eolf-abuse or excesses. fyr%T?tSZ*
Bent sealed. S2 bottle; 3 bottles. «5: gruaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
£ way. Oakland. Cal. Also tor sale at 1073 U
Market et.. S. F. Send for free book.
£WONQ WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SAMTARIUM.
764-66 ClaySt, S. F., Cal.
A UL. DISK Ag ESI. URED
r\. excluilTelr by CUum
kerbs, ever 3000 Tarietles belnc utea- Moux»
»-M to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 aad 7 to 9 p. so.
MARKET bT. SF.
filler nnifll Corner Fourth and
I ALL Ull Vfil - Market - s - F - Tr y
Urr II I I I li I our Special Brew.
Ulil I HL Steam and Lager.
w I is •> i i w i 1 1 ft* j^ Overcoats and
valisej checked free.
] YOVJR TEETH]
a Low Rates Extraordinary to 5
' ft "iSlr^fri^-^iZr^- -^i?S^ ' ntro^"cg the famous Drexler %
• - - >^4^ Plates <and DentaI Methods - for •
g X^^n A good ful1 setof tecth ---$ 4 -°<> '•
% lO&v /¦ /Mm A Ch^/iiipr^p+ t7 flft 2
•- yi-l( T ~~]p r Y^Av r*J%y Fil "ngs (Painless Method) *
%. nCXt tW ° WCek^ $3 OO ©
6 ¦'¦ — f^C^ 30c and $1.OO 2
2 $10.00 Gold Crowns for O
I Drexler Painless Dental Go, of New York |
• San Francisco Parlor, 1104 Market St., Cor. Turk. S
eoo«©oo©©»o©o©eao©©5>©9 ® o© « ® « o oc o e e © © a® © o o«« ©S•Your First . Duty to Yourself
1b- 10'. loolc, after, your ovrn : comfort.: Tho com
fortable, trains of the: Nickel; Plate, Road,! Chl
cago to New York and Boston,, carrying: Nickel
Plate dining cars, | In which are served Ameri
can Chib meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the /traveling public. .'-JAY Lvf. ADAM&.
P. ;! C. ; P. /A.'. s 37 Crocker, building, - San Fraa
cisco.Cal; '-¦¦_•- ':¦¦ • ".,'•¦ '
"No. Strike."
There is -no strike' in our factory, r 'Ail
orders can be promptly filled.' Lelbold
Harness Co... 211 Larkinr street. ,.' *
Moy, a Chinese of Chicago and said to be
very wealthy, died suddenly at a'hg.tel-In
Milwaukee of pneumonia ; to-day. Moy
came here two weeks ago to investigate
the death of. a countryman, who was
assaulted some time ago.
CHICAGO. April 19.-Sam Moy, was the
reputed - "king" ..of Chinatown in Chicago
and ¦ was one of .•; Its foremost char
acters. Report many times, had it that he
was i a wealthy , man. largely • interested
with influential Chinese merchants, but
his intimate acquaintances say he was a
comparatively, poor man. - His prominence
in the- affairs of Chinatown - was due to
his constantly looking . after the . affairs
of unfortunate • Chinese, acting as Inter
preter. In; short, he- was a sort of an all
around politician. : 4buring the World's
Fair he was largely interested In the Chi
nese village enterprise.
Dynamite Wrecks Professor's Hous*.
ADA,- Ohio, April 19.— Early - to-day an
New Train on the Santa Fe.
TOPEKA. Kan., April 19.— The Santa Fe
has - announced that on June 1 it will
put on aTiew nineteeh-hour train between
Kansas City and Benver,- running 1 daily.
The train .will be composed of Pullmans
throughout and will be In addition to the
trains now running on the line.
Beautiful Napa Valley.
On Thursday next the Southern Pacific
will run a' personally conducted excursion
through the Napa Valley, leaving San
Francisco at 9:30 ai m., passing Mare-Isl
and'and the United States navy yard, up
the ~ fine : valley with Its orchards, vine
yards, wooded hills and beautiful homes,
to Calistoga, returning to Napa for lunch
eon and a carriage drive of two hours.
Tickets on sale Wednesday and Thursday
include train passage, luncheon and drtvt:
only $3 90.
.:¦'. GUTHRIE.-O. T.,' : April 19.— Violent
wind , and j hail that ruined growing corn,
badly, damaged oats and wheat and j rid
dled foliage j and blooms from fruit trees
is reported to have covered * a , widespath.
from Granite, O. T., ; to WoOdvilleVand
Sterrett,*I. T.,"a distance of 100 miles.
Hail in several places is reported to have
drifted to- a. depth 1 of two feet. -.A --wind
storm at Lawton yesterday did considera
ble damage and Injured a number of per
sons seriously. , . .
Damaging Storm in Oklahoma.
M.- Harwood,: pastor of ( the Congrega
tional Church in a Fairvlew, -this: county,
has resigned his position. His members
were dissatisfied with his alleged heretical
views. Objection was "made to the state
ment by Harwood that Jesus'Xhrlst was
a man,. and divine simply because he was
without sin. .- - .
HIAWATHA; Kans., • April 19.— The Rev;
Flock Objects; to His Teaching.
GREENSBURG, Pa. , April 19.— While a
number of young , people were ¦ returning
from" a dancing, party, early j this morning
two masked 1 negro \ highwaymen held * up
the couple In the lead and at the point of
revolvers overpowered Charles McQuillis
and .forced him to. turn over his money
and .watch. • '. ¦ ¦¦ : - /,
;- Meanwhile Miss . Annie ' Hill, who .was
With^hlm, ran back- and notified jthe
others, who, hurried .to t the rescue. ~u The
higTvwaymen immediately opened " fire and
Alexander McNaught was shot dead.
Frank -McQuillis was seriously wounded.
The robbers fled to a, thicket and have not
yet been; captured.' , A' reward of $500 has
been offered ' for their, apprehension * and
officers « are ¦ searching .the surrounding
country -for them.\ ; It is ; believed % they
were, miners ..from ¦:] the;: Jamison .''icoal
works, ".where scores of negroes are > em
ployed. ;";.-•.-• - ... •¦••
ed During Fight With Negro
i^; (<..,-; . . Highwaymen. ,
One Man Killed and Another Wound-
TRAGEDY' ON A ROAD ;
AFTER A DANCING . PARTY
"KING" OF CHINATOWN
IN CHICAGO IS DEAD
Sam Moy, Celestial of Considerable
Note in the [Windy jCity,
1 Passes : Away. ¦
MILWAUKEE. WIs.,' April 19.— Sam
attempt was made to wreck the home of
Professor F. Maglott of the Ohio Normal
University with dynamite. A stick of the
explosive placed under the window sill
destroyed the front of the residence and
wrecked the furniture. A jealous lover of
a domestic employed by the professor Is
charged with the crime. He cannot be
found. • \
CHICAGO, April 19.— Investigation was
begun to-day by Federal Civil Service
Commissioner W.-D. Foulke of the alleged
departures of Postmaster F. E. Coyne
from the civil service rules. Theodore W.
Wittier, the discharged superintendent; of
Chicago Postmaster Under Fire."
Mooney said he .was lying face down
ward and he believed that Npne leg watt
broken. He said the weight of earth was
becoming very oppressive, but was urged
t& have good cheer. It will be impossible
to reach him before this afternoon.
HELENA. Mont.. April 19.— Thomas
Mooney, a miner in the Granite mine,
near Phlllpsburg, was buried by a cave
in of several tons of rock Thursday. Sev
eral hundred men for thirty hours have
been endeavoring to rescue their comrade
and they were able to converse with him.
A second cave-in precipitated a great
quantity of loose earth and ¦ narrowly
missed entombing some of the . rescuers.
Save a Man Caught by a
Cave-In.
TALK TO A COM3LADE
BURIED BENEATH ROCKS
Montana Miners Work Heroically td
PHILADELPHIA. April 19.— W: ,W. X
Gibba, promoter and former president of
the American Alkali Company, Is named
as defendant in an equity suit brought
to-day in the United States Circuit Court.'
GiDbs is charged with having unlawfully
received as secret profits of. his part in
the incorporation of the company $349,597
in cash, 15,900 shares of preferred stock
and 151,800 shares of common stock. It is
alleged that- these stocks resulted from a
secret transaction. between A. R. R. Har
vey, agent of: the Commercial . Develop-'
merit Corporation of England, a" concern
engaged in a similar line of business, and
W. W. Gibbs. growing out of the purchase
of patents.' . . . w . , ,
Accused of Profiting Secretly.
the Carpenter-street postal station, whose
charges against Coyne* brought the Com
missioner to thla city, was present at an
"official talk" and maintained that the
postmaster had violated the rules by dis
charging employes for political and other
reasons. A list of witnesses was prepared
and a full hearing ordered. •
WESTERN NICARAGUA
INFESTED BY LEPERS
Children 23~ot Permitted to Go 01
Streets for Fear of Contract
ing 1 Disease.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, April 13.— The
Commereio. a daily newspaper published
here, declared in a recent issue that lep
rosy had been developed to such an
alarming extent among the people of
Western Nicaragua, particularly in Leon
and. Chinendega, as to cause a prominent
newspaper of Leon to warn parents
against permitting their children to go on
the streets of the town for fear of un
knowingly coming into contact with lep
ers, all of whom are licensed to go where
they please and beg.
About rifteen years ago It was estimated
that the number of leprous persons In
Nicaragua was about 20u. At present the
number beyond the secondary stage of the
disease L> placed from 1500 to 2000.
Disraeli's Memory Is Honored.
LONDON. April 13.— Judging from the
extensive observance of Primrose day,
admirers of Lord Beaconsfield, who died
April IS, 1SS1, are as numerous as ever.
People thronged to the statue of the
statesman at Westminster Abbey, which
was* aoorned with the usual masses of
primroses and a number of handsome
floral trophies, including the customary
tribute from Emanuel Helilios, the well
known educator and merchant of Hong
kong. The various Conservative head
quarters were appropriately decorated,
and the residents of Hughendel, Bucking
hamshire, made a pilgrimage to Beacons
field's grave, which was covered with
tlcral tributes from all parts of the coun
try.
Shouts Against President Loubet.
PARIS. April 13.— While President Lou
bet was visiting the exhibition in the
Jardin des Tuilcries this morning an in
dividual posted at a window of a hotel
opposite attempted to start a demonstra
tion against the President. His cries of
"Abas Loubet" (Down with Lonbet),
however, only endangered himself, as the
crowd present started a counter-demon
ttraticn and advanced threateningly in
the direction of the hotel. The disturber
of the peace was arrested, but later he
was released from custody.
Germans Want Reciprocity Benefits.
BERLIN, April 13.— The German Gov
ernment designs to firmly request of the
United States all the advantages of reci
procity treaties when they are ratified.
The Imperial Chancellor. Count von Bu
low, asked for and obtained for Germany
such privileges, by provisional arrange
ment two years ago with France.
San Francisco Pianist Succeeds.
LONDON, April 19.— A little American
pianist. Alma Stencil of San Francisco
made a successful debut at St. James Hall
this evening before a distinguished audi
ence, which included Mr. Choate the
United States Embassador, and John R.
Carter, second secretary of the embassy
and Mrs. Carter.
Bobbers Kill a Ealoon-Keeper.
NEW YORK, April 19.-Louis Troja, a
wealthy Italian saloon-keeper and real
estate owner, was found murdered in his
saloon on East Ninety-seventh street
early to-day. The man's head had been
crushed in, apparently with a heavy
blunt instrument. It is supposed that robl
btry was the motive.
Bankruptcy Discharge for Searles
KEW YORK, April 13.-John E. Searles,
formerly prominent In the affairs of the
American Suger Company, was to-dav
granted a discharge in bankruptcy He
made an assignment on March 5, 1831 a.t
wh ,!£ h * ime he scheduled his liabilities at
$2,105,000 and his assets at $3,616,00!)
Two Thousand Dollars the Booty.
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. April IS.— The
Bank of Goodlettsville waa^-flslted last
night by robbers, who blew open the safe
and got all the available cash, amountirl
to about $2000. The box of the PoSJniX
ter. containing: about $600 in stamps and
currency, was also looted. No clew-
Prince Henry XXII was the son of
Henry XX and of Princess Caroline of
Hesse-Homburg. He succeeded his
lather November .8, 1S59. The princely
family of Reuss traces its descent to the
old Prefects of Werda, who were Imperial
functionaries and afterward free lords.
The name Henry has been borne by all
heads of the house since its establishment
in the eleventh century. The greater part
of the territory In Central Germany over
which the deceased sovereign reigned was
his private property. The principality
has an area of 122 miles and a population
of about 70.000.
Henry XXII, Ruler of the Federate
State of Beuss Greitz,
Passes Away.
GREITZ, Germany, April 13.— Henry
XXII, reigning Prince of the Federate
State of Reuss Greitz, died here this aft
ernoon of heart trouble. He was born at
Greitz March 2S, 1816.
FBINCE OF GERMANY
IS CALLED BY DEATH
"Reports to the effect that Chile Is ne
gotiating with J. Pierpont Morgan an
armament loan give timeliness to our pro
ject. We are not actuated by a spirit of
revenge, but simply by motives of self
protection. War being out of the question.
the present conditions can be changed
only by cutting off offending republics
from foreign sources of financial supply
until they come to understand the sacred
ness of business obligations.
Recent experiences in Venezuela and
Brazil have so embittered capitalists of
Germany that they purpose attempting to
blacklist the Latin republics.
The director of a German company that
has heavy interests in South America said
lo-day:
BERLIN. April 19.-Gcrman bankers,
with the moral support of the Imperial
Government, are about to seek the co
operation of money-lending nations, par
ticularly the United States. In enforcing
a. financial boycott on South America.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Financial Pressure to Enforce
Sacredness of Eusiness
Obligations.'
G-annan Bankers Intend
to Teach Republics
a Lesson.
WILL BOYCOTT
SOUTH AMERICA
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL^ »SUM)AY, APRIL 20, 1902.
23
ADVEBTISESIEirrS.
CUR^TvVEAK MEN FREE^
Insures Love and a Happy Horn-
for Ail.
How any m«n may quickly cure bimseif a'ter
year* of »ufT*rlns from sexual weakness lost
vitA'Sty. niffht losse«. v*ricorole. ttc. and cr.
Wrge small, weak organs to full else and vlror
Bimiiy «n<I your name and address to Ur'
Knspp Mtdical Ck>.. 1373 Hull building Detroit
Mich., and they wfli gladly eerd the' free r*l
crip: with full direction* so any man may
etJBly cure himself et home. This is cfrtain'y
a most cenferous offer, and thc following ex-
tract* taken from their dally mail, show what
*mn think of their generosity: wnal
"Dtjcr Sirs: riease accept my cSncere thank*
Bur yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It ha« completely braced
m- up. 1 fcra Just as vigorous as when a boy
an3 you cannot realiz* how happy I am."
"Dear Sirs: Your method worked btau'l-
fuUy. Kesult* were exactly what I needed
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sins: Tours 'was received and I bad
no trouble In raakint: ufq of the receipt as Cl- ¦
rected. end can truthfully say it is a boon to
wc*V. men. I am greatly improved In bize,
strength enl vigor."
All correspondence Ii strictly confldedtial
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
's free for the asking and they want every man
to have it. . .' . ' ¦ . .. .
THE EMPORIUM. | -- THE EMPORIUM.' | -THE EMPORIUM.
* '¦•'¦ ¦¦ ¦ • •. -. J :. ' ¦. ¦¦-- '¦-•¦-¦¦"•¦. ; ;' v •- ;¦ ' ¦ -¦ - }:.*/' . '' *:*'-.> f :. i *C^~*'V'~"' ' : ~'-. ' : . '¦-.•¦¦'"*-• - ¦ ; - "¦-.-' ..* '^..'-' ¦ . .'- ' ""'' ''¦ ' ' ¦ '¦ '-' ' ¦"' ¦¦: ' ¦ Jt
I Another Great Electrical ' Noveity -.^^s^ jrX* ~ : f Anoiher Astonishing Silk Saie $
J 24 Hours in the Alps. -^ / e To-Nior row (Monday) Only. $
tt Beginning Monday/April 21, we shall present in our Attraction Hal!, ¦--* jfjffsif £?* 4&^T2l>M/M^ fi^/fQ's' If M M S / M^ '" ' rec "markaWe va'uesin lincstBlcck Silks, Bonnet & Cie French Taffjfl|, x
|f on scccnJ floor, abso'.utc'y Jne of charge, another electrical maivel, ty fiffiwdjr JFfi M" J&j y^mFUw fjL Silk,^m^M^M^mffm :> guaranteed -B'ack TafFtti and Black Peau de Soie. Less than 2000 yards in '^
|-:7:mcans of which entrancing scenes in Switzerland are accurately portrayed. & e t -.^^J^SS^^^' thislot> £O sa!e is n=ccssariI y Hmhcd to Monday only. «, *
* It is a beautiful exhibition, lasting for half an hour, end " showing 'all 'CALIFORNIA'S 2Z-inch BlacK Tal'cta— Thc iupcrb quality, manufactured by C. J. £?|}£» 5l
i cfthe atmospheric ch.nges taking.p'ace within a cycle of twenty- four hours at * •a^^^^^^AMER^A'S GRAN D-ST STORE r^^<^^.^^^^^oj^Maa^^ ****** J
$ one of the most picturesque villages in the Swiss Alps. Thh magnifident -^^^fflS»B«f-— AMERICA SGRANDEST^TORE. 27-mca KacK Tallcta^An exceptionally h:gh grade sdk that is manufactured S
ar . , , .' r , : , u w p. r- • o,. 1 • - — — : i — "prcssly for dress purposes, has a hjgh luster, and u warranted t(/ wear, regularly -9 'g* __ '3
j. eiectncal production was first shown at the Worlas Fair in Chicago, where it ,--..,•.,.•; per yard, Monday only .*. ."...... . . •. . ... . . ff 3£S& %
5 pleased and delighted mo-e thin 300,000 people. Don't miss it. Once every • Best GoiOrCtf ShCCpskinS 3TC* ': . Black .P:au de Soie— A very fine quaiiy, that retais regularly for £&Tg% «
\ hour from 10 a.m. until closing time 'daily; all this week. ,A S&le fOt* ffli@nt8l3iy Oiiiy. ¦ ' -} 1 : i^ P er y ard ' *' B very much "* demand silk oaspecial sale Monday only .; O«C?
S T~T ~ [ ~ '¦ "~~" — We have' just closed a deal with the largest tanners here, for" 1600 colored sut - f* " IK Q ' * ¦*»¦ '"§
If '-9~ "I" ZT- .- *%*?{ Canvas-Covered Sheepskins,^^ in browns, reds, greens,- tans, yellows and many pther^desirable Bathtttg UapSMDC. JT O g
§ TU0Sliay, Aprti X<£ Water-Proof Trunks. colors, a big quantity of each color and not a skin in the lot worth less than „ "^ Mackintosh yv^j^V M.9UMBS f&BrMG a
I Remnant Day v °° ' %0?^ MMmMlg^^ Gloves are again |
K in the his§ storem E^^^^^^^^h • 6tout and durablc each . ..-..v. .. *u>b%5 wor th 25c, » lot of i/T&Sff'l&Zy very popular* \%
i Short lengths and broken lots of Silks, Dr«s ' Sf? " """ f ' , ¦ ' .- , ~ T~ : ~ 3 °c " S ° f-\ i^P h^^^lJ Wc haT£ jwt rf C - ivld Our Summer £tock of «
§ GooS^lbbor.vVciiings, Laces, Turn- - !^W^^*? Painted^TrS ithpOrtBUt LSS& Curtain SZllC, dot S^T S- ' ff «> Brie «b»i .nd ufi«_ ,W J
J nantprice*. SJs^top Scvcral Hncs of thc ' finest grades of Nottingham Curtains, of which we have '^^^ W^A Pla-a Black Taffeta GloTe», pair . . 25o %
JS o— —————— ————— —O .^d— "" full covcredjwith only 3 to 1 2 pairs of a kind; cable nets, Brussels rets and Madras weaves, Warranted- not to leak ¦ .^_ „ • • . *
ft Jarge dms'wn for hat, strong corncr-bumpcrs, .. in some; of the . choicest and most .desirable designs; 1 03 pairs in all, that ...... 25o ' - , Jf
{f Ladies' Washable bttt k "* bolts and two " rong leather . were marked "regularly £3.75, $4:25 and $4.50 per pair; curtains The new Etyle Hood Capi-Silk finished, like re it 5
* Neckwear for Summer. "L, ,. 3 , h. - 3 ,' m . 34 j n . ' 3 6in. *" Ubrari « V dining-room, and parlors; all « the. uniform price 'k4&~'£&Z. n"'Zl mffS!' 5
* Large shipment just Prices . .$7.25 $8.00 $8-75 *0.25 Monday, only ;.. ............. $3.28 Cap,. .7So . Fin 9 er «'»fifS 63C. «
ft ' ' HVC^^. ' received from New ' / I '¦ ¦ ¦. -. • . ' Did you ever hear of such .«^/ ,^ &
V (C_--^^^O V York, made by the ¦ : — ¦ — ; ' : — ¦ a ya!u = ? On Monday, /SSS^^ $
* K y\w^^ swcl'est mam/actur- . .mmm ¦ - ' ' ' •- ' ° nly ' WC off " S °° /J*S&^''& *
f r^g^J ers ot Ladies' out- . Blue snd White Etiamesea Ware Special Saie Fine Batiste, gur^a s<jid &>« wsss^^.s .j
V f& f" int Neckwear in this mj'mm »*'..¦"•«•• ' ' ¦¦ m '-'m. •»' . ' •>' ~ " » • "' m m ¦ ¦ -• v - *^ m -'"'"-' Cluster Rings for Ladies ¦=.-- i-"-. r "%jr - V
x^^SfL — ZA co " ntr 5'- manufacturers' Prsces. ~ ., in the Fashionable Linen Color. or m^ S e t d ng consisting O f nv e pe»h,
ft y^ \^Z&&2? AlVLinenOvo-.Co!. We have secured at a big reduction * \^^ JC=r~^ )t)ii^^^^^p^^^^&iS^^^^,SS»^^^y^^Xm^-lak colored center stone, either turquoise, i*
V \ V^ 5^ {"embSdcJeTb from *&£** "'prices' a duplicate ; shipment- f^=>^/y> l^\ ' P - si * SSVfS, "^ . ." . B3C \
K V «tfS^ I ilk'b 'all Colors- of tbis finest enamele<1 warc ma^, which the manu- F '" '"" \ // y^**v C tively the largest assortments of new^up-to-date Wash Fabrics that are shown*on ¦ ' ..... ,^
i' \^SjM e«h, 25o facturer fh 'PP ed t0 the coast b X m^ake. Th=y are I JhCx J$^==*>it this coast... All at ourusual Money-Saving Prices. .*
ft NS?^^ 1 - 1 ,u.n n«»r fnllari very heavy gcods, handsome dark blue enameling on V_ _-#/ \\Yf " T* t« '" 1 ' j" r i_ i- » t. • ' • 1 • 3
i \ \ sSlJmSS? outside, pure white lining. The price, quoted for -^\MW-— -^A To-morrow only, 2ooo yards of the new linen color Batrste,in dots woven m yyi^, - fi - S
i \ I cTedbnSdt Monday, and while quantities last, Je about what -'>J/ V^HH^^ assorted colors; a very .sheer, styHsh and durable fabric; will be of- HJ9 ***"***rs anu Barxeep- .%
Jf V— ¦» J sigc$ _ manufacturers are stling this ware for to-day : /^\ T^ =====:==:s:: | fered," instead of at the usaal price of 20c per yard, for ......... IttO OrS \ UaOKOtS and '--m
\ 25c**&53p l H-*P**is* Coff" Po «- .... ...48O A^/ X^ Imported Grenadine— Silk and linen, Eaturai Merceriztd Zephyrs— Solid coJors, a fine, Aprons at Special Cut $
* While Pique Over.Collars— Embroidered in 3-q uart »5 C Teapots .-. . S7O ±^2* ¦, -^^ " flax color, with fancy stripes,' the ' W-» " highly finished fabric: instead of PrlCBSm 5
J. silk, all colors «. . . 25O 4-quart 1 1. 00 Teapots . 67 O IT 3P JL id«l waisting; yard 45C i/c per yard, our price . . . . 2UC ,, , * . '5
5 Hand-Made Over.Collars— Hemstitched or Teakettles^-s to 9 quarts capacity; worth $1. 50 to «&~^**< ImpoHed Mercerized Oxfords— Heavy weight, . ¦ ¦: . .'... _, , „ „ Monday only, the CJST J
§ embroidered in beautiful designs ..... $*~°° regularly, chwee of any «:zs ... Q3 G TV^^^uL^^/ \T^Fl1 brilliant as silk; a smalllot only of these coc ': Impor^d Vrhite f Ique-An nnusual lyweH- lowest prices ever 2^^ 5
S . . 5OC. 75C, $i.GO, $1.25 *e-V>»t |i. S o Covered Kettles .... . G80 . I r \Zj I V \ )) goods; while quantity JasB, per — _ made, fine quality, m medium- 9f% quoted in this citv /T T A S
J M»dra. S Mercerized Wash Ntckwefr-As:ots, *#-*«•* 60c Saucepans . . . .. . .: . 360 \ / / W yard .' . . . . ....... 35C »«.^ ; yard . ......... ZUG .? o U r Ot " m '™ clt J f / *t+ (\ S
JT Croats, four-in-hands and stocks; jaunty, cor- 4-quwt 75c Saucepans ........ .46o \ ¦,: j ¦•/.>.. <f Sheer SHk and Linen Effect Batistes— Almost ..White India Linon— A very sheer make Ior ™ cwss /-?¦?[=*« S
£ rect srj-les to wear with outing suits, plain 8-quart $1.00 Saucepans. .. . , . . . .77q. \. I t^^zA • as fine as they can make them: -»-» and wMe w!dth for the P rice >- m S goods. 1^ t-^^l 5
\ white or fency designs; each. 5O<7, 75O "*qu»rt $i-4S Water PaUi . . . . . . . B80 V^ J^S *S^=&* "yard. . .... . . .. . . 3OC 7»rf • ............ IOC Fine Cloth Waiter J?ck- V; iHTfT / «
* - 35c Dippers. ....... . . . „ . . 25O ' New Perca'es— Hundreds of styles,. in light, A Good Line of Madras— Small lots of a ets— Made by Alfred ' *3>J 5j
ft — S-quart Coftee Boilers 77c 25c Pie Plates. . 2UC medium and dark colorings, the well-known kind, all 31 inches wide, taken frim our 20c Brrjamin Sc Co.; regu- T»r- *rr J £jr 1»
V i^5SjPtf» **4F UPStiPiffBfMffintffW 6 -1 uart Coff " E ° :icrs 87C 25c Jelly Cake Pans 20© "Emporium" high-grade fabric, tf _, and 25c counters and all marked m _ larly J6. 5 o; on special -* W * ail^ T : >5
X *?•***& UM*J*%*V+m*BBmg g-quart Coffee Boilers. . . .... . O7o 15c Hasting Spoons. ... ...... fOc /ull 36 inches wide; yard . ...;fif^4C one price to close; per yard . . . IOC ' sale Monday $4,35 J' 9
J Special Sale WhltO Spreads ¦ • . , . .-'''.- - "-. : :. , : . '.'¦. ¦ \ ...¦¦¦ ¦¦:. '. . . - ¦ $2.55 Quality Black Cloth Jackets— Fast -{E
H — In the new fringed effects, now so much ~" ~^ — ¦« : ~—. ¦ ; -ry, ; *- ; ¦ cojo^ we rj mk^ t an(1 fi a : $ j 1C( j # Special .-'< ':¦ 5
&T used for brass beds; best 3-ply yarn, and best , , -^ _ _ ¦ m .. . . ; _ • _. . Monday . . • • • «| o« J»
| ZlZ££%:^t $t.28 , o Odd Sizes ana Broken Lot Sale .«***-.*, .** :.*Z 5
I "ffjarss %M%MfM M Men's Clothing, Furnishings, Hats, Shoes. H^«| ™g£~£ J
j 70 bches in with; per pair, gg^gQ \z / Hundreds ot pleased customers, who last week/ availed themselves of the opportunities &»*• «i?ar, and with «tber buttom or fr Og s; 5
* B°ad sheets end cases'-M*i* JtC / >^ offered by this sale, can bear witness of the amazing values 'that we are now offering in the Men's R t t e * I - 6 ° < * ua ! 7 ; o * Moai * 7 - - 78 ° $
$ ~ «re^iy from good bleached ieetng, with Department, to cldscout the short lots that have accumulated during the busy months since Christ- *£?£ i?i^,S&S?tS S
K ¦ Em P° rWi 3iberal Euarintee for good ryWf^f Jmastime. Many of the Men's Suits are half or less than'half original prices, and the savings on all eitLer f ™8* or »>« K0 «- *>*™* & Mon^ ? ;g
$ Scinch Sheets for single beds; each 37VzC '^J^ljL I<^S aVefdge Ofr lit .Ofte-thirdr ¦ .^ . '" MltlL^L R,", A " « ".L^liY 9U^I' 5
J 5 ox 3 6inche,. . . . . . ?« t4c J//A — \ v , - „ * % r* L.!, '_ -^ r Man's Furnlshinffs at Deep Gut Prices, ¦¦:->¦¦: --.. g
g S 4 x 3 6bchn " ISO fl\ \ YOUths' Long PantS SultS 94, 65-S«ei ifor 13 Wcrkinj Shirts- Good quality heavy twilled cotton, feled seams, cut full s'ze, plain colors p O nular Shf*Pt /W/;e,V *1 3»
fS ll( ' TO. \ to 19 y«»rs, ttnedy alKwool. materials, . pretty stnpes . in-.b.us and and. strip; 1 . ..... _I7r» r **P UMa r. <&nuet IwluSlC. J5
f* ¦' + ~Z Vl %\ \ 'y^p^lV^ Special Monday, 15c* J
CentUry GanterSlS. W VAX -I ; Eoys' V&*fep%Su1t8t9$3l&^^ V y/"i... I.. .... .... . . ..... . . . . . .S3G Regularly here at half publisher*. S
j. * ff^\ff» ExdliSiVS JFeatur&S I Vl \ al'-wtol Scotch Cheviots, silk vests, regular $5.60 values.* - Men's Handkerchiefs— Soft bleached cambric, either hemstitched or price (35c). Special Monday only, — S
K f int^ra^atCl e ™ b °. dyevery * \ \ patterns. .1 Mens Seamiess Wool Hoie--Medium weight, natural * gray, a paS \ T " ' < '^«1 < L Son8r " or « Mar ?> 2
* \ WmMm atTu yir r \ \ w^^wgs^s j*;.o^%s^ • • • . m • • • .-.....• • ' -2% >^LJ\ ¦ a ° s aZ& 1 &2&te& ta - • $
&! I !'U3^6wiM«33a l ¦ m \ \ fast color Percales and Madras, also white duck, handsomily gotten A\en's Golf Shirts— Good quality Madras or Percale, some plain, seme A If A "Mistress Xell" Waltzes. £
*¦" ''^iJ^^^^^^^a^ the Camera line. \ \ up> rfgu ' ar ,. , 5 ya'ues, only enough of these for Monday. ' p-aited fronts, sale price . . . 68c I ' h \ "Soldier of Fortune" March. "/^ S
_J» ><5__-— - We sell all of the A h . •.,'.. Beys' Golf Shirt? — Good quality Percale with cuffj , to match, striped / I " \ *;.-"• " 5
U , other popular (V . ||i .. Safe Meti f S HatS. • e'ffects and plain tan, a good wearing, comfortable shirt for school 47© I A * <\ S
If makes, and or the Century can honestly siy A Vl , • . - Men's* Neckwear- Fine quality d'.k, made up iri the very best styles, the I \f f I Tabl** 7V»flftf«2 3»
J that it ha» no superior. They are all fitted _^^. \L. Small lots of many lines, but your s:ZC in someone shapes and patterns itricfy up-to-date,, a 50c valu; for . . ". . 25O \l J **—MVS , M CIMiMiS,, «
$ ffl cfthem.sfrThats and Fedoras: , Msn'^Wool Und*^^^^ 1 ' 1 Or Pinff Pong* |
$ Model J, 4x5. ...J8.8J SX7-. 412.80 & $3-35 Hats, now. ..$2.35 U-*S Hats, now .. . B 8O f!^^^$dS^^S^S£^M!^i A go^, popu'ar se^with two double-face v e! - J
K Modeln A, 4«S--$»-20 5x7. . .$16.00 , $2.35 Hats, now . . \ $1*87 Boys* Golf Caps .... /©o ..:...../.;...;.,.. -' P * 6 Qn \ urn racquets, wooden base and posts to screw «
5 Mood 14, 4x5 .. $17.60 5x7 . .$23.20 • .................... OVO ;-L\f m to hold a regu ar tennis or bar net, 4 ba% g
£ The Centuiy Art Catalogue, % ~ — " \ \ — ' : - " — — complete ' in 8tron * J* jg *
g _ hav . rg a at { J ie ; e T momjnt _ «Wp mm P"*™'' J»nd po.shei.and subsranoally made; has we have ever C pe«d: per do«n yards, 15*. . _ «
•f Sannfol Sal* *>f They are all published at $1.50 each: M^ ¦ P a^« '<»^.» to prevent bed from closing up; has 2OO, 25O, 30Cj 40Oj 5QC HaittS* CoffCC. EtC* S
$ Special aalOOf «Aud/ey,**byM.ryJohns*n. 5 . . $1.08 W t^=^[ ''"^^ S ' '.^^ «' "» theant « Point de Pari, Uc«-Ia pretty W j to«y „% ) „ "^' V^g i
a; Ladies 0 Underwear. ¦ »The ccnqueW/- by-csmute Ath«tt>n . . ¥ . -. ///, ¦ > ? f 4 i T ng5; i eEuary «»#J ptt*™, l, Si ts, narrow, w«d ; ; fwith inser- Ot * Sato Monday. 5
S J&>\ Medium- ...... • . - • - $1.20 ( ' ff \\ rf B fe y> TM H tion to match; /ard. . '. . .' . S O up : £ Best Eastern Ifanu-Ia g
* &?i we^ht UnAriaShk "^ Crimson Wing,- by Chatfield Taylor b" / GoM « ©jK Extension Tabe-Hu a Torch£BUcM i llofthenw t ; k ; A -sp-te of the tact that g
? W^ Hm!r] 1 • .$1.20 Ml ¦ ¦ hand-po!,shed top easy moving slides and ex- and ln$ertioas „ maKh d f j/Vk F^e, arc raing daily, we J
it y / : Wool-mixed, Jersey- ««c:rcum$unce f " by Dr. Weir Mitchell ... ,/ \ < . tends six feet; reduced torn _ „ .- '> _¦ _ ««r w/i \ S >M or T er them at special sale, 3*
* >***^ ribbcdVcsts and Pant-, ... ........ . $1.20 // ' ' $16.5010; . .... . . . . &IK.JU a<; — -— ¦ , >^^ - Monday, 4 *&1 —> C
•r /C v\ vests high neck, io D g /.. . , Wire Foidin 9 Cot— Made of hardwood Dress Trimmings. /& p« lb -- B&2O g
If) f eC T T Dt l Wines and Uquors. * V ]/i\ {¦:<;¦ '^^^^M/^^i^^^^^&^Mi£ I ' ' B ?SiS3?lfo- |
I VV / 2 'a Z * 4 it ' The Monday Sale. ' UIJ |f ' Golden Ash Bedroom Suite -Consisting I^W0$^MMiM \* JJ cUe-Tha^ \
S W Jm ] • MJV <r sold rcgulU C^X^iy-kn J - "— J f / -u has four spacious draLs aL a a4 x 3 o-inch Bat.ste Oa!cor,-And gstoons^ya^ b,^^ ££ &, JoZ 3
$ r I l«s than 75 c per gar- ggSfeg^ ; • '¦ • • /Bo f 1- } __j i^^^MS^M Applied' A.l^rs^/ro^g^v^ „ f* ' 1' 'lo ' *M ! T't
ff ¦ ? -nr, on special sale 9 B^fSfaK %?. $t7s |»^ " Hdblnnd - Solid oak, with umbr^la TndUts black, white and pomHcuref- m J ?^ ?"%»£ * J :
J Monday only, each..... ...56O Brown'^ Celery^hosphate-^-gaiL be? « ' - | , holder, either diamond or oval < .?V 1 tO * 7 ' 50 "^ S
}f - tics, Monday. . .y. . . . . $/.OS ¦ '¦ - ' — m 1^ shiped mirror; special . ... &3.3O SLk Applique cn Net- Black, white and col- Macarcni, Vermfcelli or spajhetU— 25c boxes, .. «
£ Yarn< and Zpnhvr* Na * lce Brandy— Old red label, V regularly Gold Metal ¦Fo'.dinjTab'.C—Sze when open, 27x36 inches, and '^^^ ored, 2a inches wide, the prettiest and daln- ¦ "" " 7 J * ' * " : * I * * ' " 1*° r S
g Yarns ana ZSpnyrS. $ Menday> bott . e _ ; .'. 5^^ . £lose$ int0 spacc 8x3 J inche8 , thc be;t pi)ttable „£ in ' the '„&* \ h]s . $f.SO »? ° f P atterns 5 »•"»• - • :• — • •• Oysters- Extra standard S nn,.. . BOO «;
* Are you making light shawls or fascinators to A . y. H. 0 n— The original, bottle .^#.511 i ' - ;..,' V '''>'¦'.>••¦ $3»B0 to 37.50 McLaren's Che«e— By the pound ... 20O --^2
y throw over shouders or heads these _______ ' ~ . -. ,.¦..- .¦¦¦¦. — ' ~ ~ \ — Black and Silver Spantfled Galoans— With . «
Jf ccming summer evenings in 1 the country? . ; , ¦ .jr l» «? ' • « allovers to match- yard ft '¦ " " ' S
5 „ . . , . .. ,, „ .... v v \ nickd mounting, silk wrapped, cork erip latest shades of colorings and designs; this wsek, per yard . . ...... ... adC white, all new effects; yafd . . 115 Styles to /"?58**. «
I miiXn 25O -th extra tip, "^^^^^^^I^S^0^^^ _^ " ' • • • 25o tO**.SO *"]£« » (!», J
I Gerrn^tcw.rY^n-Ex^: poind, ' f ,60^ ,^2^7^" 25^32 SS <P" • • T5C — , c^Tlik. ,J-^^ 5
J hank. . \ ...... too e™, P ,u5r«SJ_ *' and^' 5j All-Wool He&yy Quality In.rain Carpcts-From the Hartford mills; __ Q _.. ," _,. ., __ _~° r/ tu K re ; reed W^^T $
»r Impcrttd Castor Wool— Pcund, $1.90; hank Yards. . .25 40 60 „ 8o_ 100 new patterrif, just arrived; per yard . . . . ;".. .... . . . . . .... O0G Fireitgnt high gratia added and flT /^^^^^M^JK ' %
$ ' I7g Each ioc I5c .20^ 25c; 3u'c Good Quality Tapestry Carpets— Dining-room and hali patterns, in ' 5G ClffarS upholstered in /^^^^^^vM «
X Ihttfand Ploss- Pound, Si. :o; hank . /Oc Von.Koffi Eass Reels s red and green colorings;. per yard.. ....... ..... ........ 4hOC <0 /ft M' £%•* colored figured 3*
J Sl-i;S f Sf:^*^?;^£?^2g Linen' Warp Japanese 'Malting— Odd designs and good quality; per _^_^ SO FOi* 2&Ga [ tapestry, plush xli^^my J
I Eiderdown Wool-White only, ball, 3f O fi^ C ,ard ......:;.;,, "^V. ,.. g ; . . ;f , .. \. . ' ! J . •¦ ,2?OC On^WlSiji^t^^U wt'e, pieni |
«£ Angore Floss— Wh.te only; b41 ... #©O Water-proof Braidfd Silk Line. . .... . Tapestry RllgS— Mfld;^ of, mill agent's samples, bound on both ends, _ _ t/ie bqXo/lbb if i>0U Wish $2.SO. dustprwf huts and footbrake, complete for §
Luster CrccheiCoitcn— AD co'ors; ball . .... . . . ¦ 65c, 7Gc f 75O • full line,'size 21x27 inchw;" come early and select; ycur choice, each '.... . . .¦ ZSJiS | q ' • ' '-'•¦¦ '- - q /..'......,. . .' . . . $6*50 «
' ' « • '¦'"'''» c ¦ ¦¦:'.'./....•¦¦ -¦¦•.•¦ • - •-: ¦•".¦ ¦ ¦ -¦"'... ,*.':¦ i\')> ./¦"¦¦. ¦'¦.;'"¦. ¦ ; ; . . :':¦' ; * • . . ' ,' \gPublication Office.';.'.'. :.........;....:..... ........ ; :;;';:<^^^^>... I...... 1 ........ :............. Market and Third S. F.
"• ¦ - ; ' : . \ • ¦ -' ....>. ,^ , r . _ p .....-¦ ¦ , ¦ i __¦
By Blanche Partington.
DESERT OF SEATS AT
ZEISLER CONCERT IS PAST
EXPLANATION.
IANISTE- WHO HAS SCORED
A BIG HIT IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
Perspiring Passenger — May I read that
magazine of yours a little while?
The Other Perspiring Passenger— I am
going to read It myself in a moment.
Perspiring Passenger— Ye3, sir. May I
look at your paper, then?
The Other Perspiring Passenger— Don't
you see I'm reading it myself? — Chicago
Tribune.
. Men shaved without soap. 15c. at Russ'Houm
Antiseptic Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery. •
force the colored entertainer must com
ply with the requirements. «
"Uncle Tom," I suggested, and It turned
out that Walker's great ambition was to
play the famous darky's part.
"Our new piece for next year, *In Da
homey.' it may be called, la a little moro
ambitious. In fact it was a genuina
comic opera, written by our colored com
poser. Will Marion Cook, the lyrics by
Paul Dunbar and the book by us, but we
have turned it Into a musical comedy.
But the subject deals— in comedy fashion
— with a very vital question to our race,
the practical disfranchisement of the
Southern negro. Some day, perhaps,
going quietly on In our own little groove,
we may do . something of which people
may say, 'that is good,' without tacking
on that poor little tall— 'for a negro.' "
"Do you play the South?" I asked. -..
"Not yet," the manager. Interposed.
"The 'Jim Crow* cars, and other Incon
venient features, are still In evidenca
there.".-,. ,.:n\^'^ i ~.r. . .
"We play Louisville, Kentucky.™ and?
the Walker pearls were again gleaming;
"there some of the white fellows will
take us for a drink to some third-class
saloon and tell us it is the first time a
negro has been served at that bar. Ot
course we are grateful, but— how do you
feel about It. Bert?"
"I want to be the blackest black nigger
God ever made," said Williams.
One specimen of the Williams and
Walker humor and I am done, though I
should enjoy wrftlng an appreciation of
that fantastic and wholly original acted
song, '."My Zulu Baby," where the team,
clad Zulu wise, move stealthily In the.
depths of a very impressive jungle. A' bit
of excellent acting.
Walker acts the dude— and Is beloved of
the colored audience. Williams the good
natured no 'count. Williams has broken
up a meetin" where the town dudes are
making ready for a ball, through a mis
understanding over a crush hat. His
swallow-tailed friend gets him out of tho
way and then expostulates, telling him ha
should be ashamed of himself.
"I am, I am," Williams says repentant
ly. "I truly am. I don't know how I
missed him."
E. S. Willard will be seen In "Tom
Pinch" this week at the Columbia Thea
ter, a part that should suit his genial per
sonality to a nicely. "David Garrlck" be
gins the week and will alternate with
"Tom Pinch." "The Professor's Love
Story" is billed for Saturday night.
WELL-KNOWN AND POPULAR
ACTOR WHO IS DELIGHTING
AUDIENCES AT THE COLUMBIA.
Special information supplied' daily to
business houses and public i men by t he
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia' etreet. Telephone Main- 1042.. •
Townsend's, California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes , or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C33 Market St., Palace Hotel building.- •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
President Roosevelt has been 'invited to address the; triennial Sunday-School Convention
at Denver in June, and, should ; h'e do so, he should come straightway afterward to ¦' California, for
after 'joining in /the song. "I- : \vant to be anangel"' it would lie a retrograde movement 7 for him to
head in any other direction than this. BfiKPtitfi
The Boers: seem io be about as stubborn in the peace talk ' as . the v have been in war, and' the
conferences may last unyl' the -jaws of the British arenas tircci ¦•as' tlieir.-legs.
1
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Judge^-Tou say you struck this man be
cause hecalled you' a' Jackass? . -
Prisoner— Not exactly in those wordsi
He raid I could wear a horse's hat* with
ease and comfort.— Pittsburg Press.
LETTER FROM
Fanny Bloomfield Zeisler.
The Aeolian Company: •
Kohler & Chase, Representatives:
Ever since the Pianola arrived I have
wanted to express to you the great pleas
ure it has given. me and my family, but I
really did not have a leisure moment.
Many pianos that in the past ' were
merely mute pieces of furniture have now
been endowed with a voice.
I consider the Pianola a remarkable
achievement, one calculated to exert a
powerful educational Influence. By means
of this wonderful Invention those who
love good music, but have not had the
advantage of musical training, can repro
duce the most difficult compositions with
much the same sensation as though they
were themselves manipulating . the key
board.
The Pianola may and ought to do away
with that army of incompetent -and un
glfted players, who might be better occu
pied otherwise.
The technical perfection of the Pianola
performances are. of course, the envy of
even the most brilliant virtuoso. The op
portunities offered for taking pedal. : in
creasing- and decreasing the tempo, - and
producing dynamic effects, such as ¦ ac
centing, crescendo and diminuendo, seem
almost incredible in a mechanical instru
ment. *tM~* r ¥i%ffiK8i0WBSflu«*£K
Altogether, I feel that the world Js un
der a great debt of gratitude to the in
ventor of the . Pianola. Most sincerely
yours. . - • •
FANNIE . BLOOMFIELD ZEISLER.
Kohler & Chase, the sole agents, have
kindly invited all interested in the Pian
ola to call to-morrow (Monday); at their
warerooms, 2S O'Farrell street.'
•OATS -AJSTO AiDVEiRTISIISrG.
MASSACHUSETTS and her "General Court" are having a very . lively and talkative
spring time together. The General Court suggests the topics and Massachusetts does
the rest. Much has been said in every part of the State from Boston to the other
place on the question of appropriating money for the erection of an equestrian statue
to General Butler, but that issue is not to the nation at large, as.no one outside of
the State will be taxed either to pay for the statue, or with responsibility for it.
Two at least of the General Court topics, however, are of interest .to /the whole civilized
world. One of these is a proposition to require a citizen; to take out a license if he- desires to keep
a cat, and the other is a proposition to establish a censorship of advertising. It. would seem that
either of those, propositions would be enough to fill a session of the Legislature so full that no
one could put a lid on it, but the sessions of the General Court are always sufficiently capacious tp
hold all that may be dumped into them. In fact there is no instance on record of a single one of
them ever having been full when it was closed by the time limit So all Massachusetts is just now
discussing cats and advertising. y --
The advocates of the cat bill assert that at present there ! is ¦ a great deal of cruelty practiced
on cats by the people of the grand old commonwealth. One cultured dame appeared before 1 a
committee of the Solons and with warmth exclaimed: "I've got tired of running to 68 Carver
street to get them to take care of homeless cats. Poor people ought not to be .allowed to keep
cats. Nobody ought to be allowed to keep a cat unless able to take care of it." That is the ¦argu
ment for thelicerise bill.' The opposition can do no. more than clamor for freedom and assert the
right of every man to life, liberty and a cat.
.The discussion over advertising arises from a bill purporting to be :< an act to' prevent mis
representation in the sale- of merchandise." It sets forth that "any person, firm, corporation or as
sociatiqri, or any employe thereof, who in a newspaper, circular or other publication published ; in
this State, knowingly makes or disseminates any statement or assertion of fact concerning" the
quantity, the quality,. the value, the, method of production or manufacture, or the reason for the
price of his or their merchandise," with/much more to the same effect, which "is intended to give
the appearance of an ; offer advantageous to the purchaser,'and whichis untrue or calculated- to mis
•lead, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor/': and a /definite penalty, is provided. ;
To many persons such a proposition to restrict advertising will sound more like Kansas
than Massachusetts, but it must be remembered that Massachusetts 'started Kansas, and has lots
of the same stuff at home. ¦ .
In the interests of the wotldwe would, like to see both these measures adopted. The attempt
to enforce thenr would add to the gayety of nations, and .the end wouldj.be instructive and prof-,
itable. With licensed cats and censored ads Boston, might become so proud of herself that she
would get off tHe earth and seek, a home elsewhere, and that would be a relief. So here's to {trie
General Court of Massachusetts, may it never adjourn. V
and coolly reposeful Is some of her
Beethoven playing, while lacking no throb
of the poetic impulse. Again it is almost
bizarre, filled to overflowing, with strange,
exotic essences, alien hues, that the grand
old man of Bonn never dreamed of. Her
Chopin readings are masterly, dazzling,
as far removed from the syrupy sweet
ness to which one is too often treated as
from the hard, matter-of-factness that
marks other too common handlings of the
wonderful Pole. Her Bach and Scarlatti
are limpidly pure, and she seems to have
particular sympathy for Schubert. But
whatever Mme. Zeisler plays she is gor
geously worth hearing, and pity 'tis, 'tis
true, that so few here have heard her.
But better luck next time. • :
An Interesting - little concert is an
nounced for this afternoon by Miss An
nette Hullah, the English pianist, in the
Young Men's Christian Association audi
torium. She will be assisted by Mi^s
Edith Hanks, vocalist, and John Lewis,
who has a good hatful of talent for vio
lin playing. Following is the programme:
Piano and violin. Sonata,' Op. 105 Schu
mann), Miss Annette Hullah and John Lewis;
piano, (a) Sonata. F. sharp. Op. 75 (Beethoven),
(b) Fragment d'une Suite (Bach), (c) Pas
torale. F major (Scarlatti), Miss Annette Hul
lah; songs (a) Hindu Song (Bemberg), (b)
"Good Mornins" (Griee). Miss Edith Hanks;
piano, {a) Prelude, (b) Gavotte and Musette
Cd" Albert), (c) Melodie (SInding), (d) Romance,
No. 3 (Schumann), Miss. Annette Hullah:
violin, (a) Romance, (b) Air Savoyard (Vieux
temps), John Lewis: songs, (a) "The Lass
With the Delicate Air" (old English), (b) "My
Boy Tammle," (c) "Jock o* Hazeldean" (old
Scotch), Miss Edith Hanks; piano, (a) Etude, C
sharp .minor, (b) Impromptu, A flat (Chopim,
<c) Carnival Valse (Htnton). Miss Annette Hul-
I AM like the Virginian gentleman that
"Williams and Walker tell of— behind
the scenes. I— but let the clever team
tell the story. It.- was after the final
'curtain the other > night that I went
"behind" at the California to find myself
in the midst of half a hundred more or
less gifted colored comedians, from which
soon singled themselves out the suave
length and gigantic proportions of Walker
and Williams. I had laughed myself limp
over their darky fun, and wondered If
things went as smoothly behind scenes as
they do before. They didn't, but of that
more anon. ,__.„. ' „
"Ye3." Walker, said, every brilliant
tooth in his bronze head' gleaming, "that
"was in London." It was after dinner, and
two Virginian gentlemen— who had dined
—came up to us and said: 'You fellows
are niggers, aint you now? But damme
if you look it!'- I don't know how he
knew we .were American negroes anyway.
London is full of Africans, Indians and
such like." ¦¦¦-J
" 'Twas funny how they ended up, said.
"Williams, with his fat, happy laugh. "We
got talking and one of them finally
said, * 'Well, If all niggers were like
you now— but we. haven't got 'em over
there.' I told him I could give him the
addresses of a bunch more at home like
us," Williams concluded, "bu,t he wouldn't
wait.". .-
I am not a student of the resources of
the colored . race, though a few more
Booker "Washingtons, Paul Lawrence
Dunbars, Dvoraks who draw inspiration
from the coon melodies, Brander
Matthews, who declare that their dialect
will be the . fountain head of the new
Idiom, Williams and "Walkers, will compel
an idler attention than mine to their
riches. Still, I do not think with "Wil
liams that there are so very many more
at home like him and his partner.
Ten years ago these' two were "ballahoo
ing," 'angllce "spieling," in front of the
Midway Plalsance that still blots. Market
street here. They are now at the head
of. their own company, a quite unique or
ganization, commanding a salary that
pretty Mary Mannering would not dis
dain, and with a whole stack of ideas and
ideals ahead. To ! begin with, a success
was made by the two in vaudeville.
"First it was -Walker and Williams,"
recounted Walker. "I was the comedy
end and "Williams did the 'straight*
turn. But we tossed up one fine day
about it and he got the funny business,
and I have been playing straight man
ever since. Then,-so that there would be
no feeling. I changed" the bills to "Wil
liams and Walker."
"How did you happen to come Into this
kind of. thing, 'Sons of Ham'?" I. asked.
"Well, 'spects it growed," Walker
laughed. ¦ "There Is even.no book to the
play. Bert and I wrote It — he writes mu
sic to my songs, you know— except , the
lyrics, and it is of no use to any one else,
being written -only for a colored com
pany." \ .
"That Is where I think your work has
been so "wise." I said, and by the gleam
in the Walker and "Williams eye I knew
I had touched the team's simple heart.- i
"That Is what we have tried to do., Not
to imitate the white folk, but. to put our
selves, our fun and faults and virtues, on
the stage," "Williams said, as eagerly as
a lordly and \ professional drawl would
permit. '.'Not that that suits our colored
friends always." ¦;'.:,"! -
"They . want 'Virginius* "—this from
Walker— "and : , sixteen-storied words, and
this''— and. the: most comical imitation of
John Drew, filled Tout the bobtailcd sen
tence, jfl
. "I.- want .to 'do 'Richard III.' " chuckled
Williams.. "That battle scene— I'd have
two. men on a' side, marching, round and
round the wings, like 'my army' does in
Warde's 5 'Julius Caesar.* ZipJ"
'"Seriously, , ; is - the 'Sons' of Ham' the
height of your ambition?"
."< "No ;: v indeed .'*' Walker answered. "Wil
liams was: still shaking ¦ over, the "Rich
ard .III .burlesque. "But that represents
all that the public -will' at "present take
from, us.".'; uvflJBfeiKarigg&B
Theh' I learned where the shoe pinched.
.Very, gently, without any rancor. Walk
er explained that the" negro is as yet only
permitted , to '• entertain ] the white man as
his buffooni , He will not ,,"stand f or'^ pa
thos,' romance and r the"rest of It,; and per-
CLEARLY San "Francisco is con
cert-weary, or why the desert
waste of seats that greeted
Mme. Zeisler at her recitals
this wees? Certainly it was not
the artist that was at fault, nor her fame,
that is even unto the land's end. Neither
cai. the price or place be blamed, the
same hall that was crammed for the Nor
dica recitals only a short while ago at
prices a third higher. A pessimist person
I know suggests that it is the lack of the
theatrical, sensational interest that has
kept the crowd away. Mme. Zelsler has
not been a boy wonder, nor does she wear
a coppery halo, nor travel magnificently
in private cars, nor play the heroine in
poetic liaisons, nor indulge in any other
of the little pleasantries of genius that
come in so usefully- for advertisement. As
the pessimist person says. Mme. Zeisler is
as little amenable to freak advertising as
is Godowsky. who also drew small houses
here. Still, Godowsky came here imme
diately after his sudden leap to fame, and
Zeisler's art is a known and adored quan
tity since her former visit, six years ago.
Perhaps it is only the summer madness
that has bitten into the blood, calling
forth the people to cool, green lanes,
odorous woods and dewy mornings, where
the lark sings high. Or the soothing
diapasons of the sea may be lulling
ears that would otherwise have listened
to the Zeisler songs. One thing only is
certain, that the people at large have
been anywhere else than at the Metropoli
tan Temple this week.
I cannot resist a little characteristic
story in this connection. On "Wednesday
afternoon Will Greenbaum of the local
management met me at the door of the
Temple with as long a face as nature
will permit him to assume over the small
house that had turned up to greet the
great pianist. I saw him after the con
cert beaming brillianUy, and, wondering
if some one had bought up the hall for
Thursday night, I stopped to hear, nor
In my then mood was surprised when all
the local impresario said was: "Isn't she
a wonder! Such a trill! Isn't that Za
rembskl a little gem!" etc., etc.
The magic of Mme. Zeisler's fingers is
responsible for much more in the miracle
working line than the bewitchment of a
very reasonably disappointed manager.
Be It remembered, by the way, that Mr.
Bouvier and Mr. Greenbaum have fur
nished us with the finest musical fruitage
of the season— Nordica, Mrs. Katharine
Fisk, the Heinrichs and now Zeisler, not
to speak of the Chicago Symphony Or
chestra, for which something in the
ehape of gratitude should be forthcoming.
It is all they are likely to get.
But to return to our Zeisler. To me
she is one of the most fascinating cf
pianists. Godowsky, the sane, the splen
did, is still the supreme master of pian
ifctic enchantment. . But Zeisler sways
with half-hypnotic, wholly individual
charm. Unlike the Godowsky genius,
whose regnant personality shines from
some dim, remote background of his art,
every note imperious of t~e Zeieler mint
Is stamped heavily with the features of
the player. It is to Zeisler one listens
rather than to Bach, Beethoven or
Chopin. • •
But what a Zelsler: Stung by some im
mortal madness, driven by the seven dev
ils of temperament, she draws her listener
Into most strange and passionate ways.
One must feel with her. follow her,
though Beethoven some time look
askance and Bach hold up a dissenting
finger. Yet, Is her art high on the intel
lectual plane. Not to many virtuosi is
given the broad and lucid grasp that dis
tinguishes this "dark sybil." as some one
has called her. Largely outlined and with
en almost mathematical perfection ot
musical phraseology in tone color, dyna
mic value and rhythmic appreciation,
lime. Zeisler's readings are a marvel of
pianistic accomplishment. Every techni
cal resource is at her command. ¦ There
remain no terrors of speed, force or en
durance in her path. When Zelsler puts
down her brown finger she knows to the
infinite atom the weight of the Bound that
shall follow, not less 5n the thunderous
haste of the "ErI King"— so weirdly pict
ured—than in the leisurely peaVI-spinnlng
of the Scarlatti "Pastorale." And more.
Her tone is as varl-colored as Godowsky's
own, though its use is less consummately
subtle. It is incomparably brilliant in the
bravura passages and Informed with
lovely tenderness in the cantablles. rip
pling exquisitely ' in the scales and jew
eled trills. Then there is that marvelous
staccato— but where the use of enumerat
ing when it is only necessary to say that
al lis perfection? <
• • ?
Enslaved as oiw Is 'by Mme. Zeisler's
genius, however, 1t is not always unques
tioning slavery. In npite of the acute in
telligence and strongly characterized na
ture of her Interpretations, it seems some
times as if the art of the | pianist were
too obvious/ as If the technician stood in
Yront of the lineaments of the master he
is attempting to portray. .Her palette is
sometimes overloaded with personal color,
her conceptions overcharged \ with* the
egoistic note, betrayed thereto by an
abounding temperament that slips some
times from. the firm leash of the artist's
commanding intellect. ' It is not by any
tacans commonly" so. Eminently logical
A FRENCH professor of sociology has been delivering a very interesting course of lec
tures in Columbia University/: New York. In one ci these he entered upon an analysis
of the physical decadence of. France,, as shown Jn the decline of the marriage and birth
rate, arid the decrease iri the number of- families..
. This analysis exhibits several causes, the principal ore being the chase for society, for ease
and luxury, for the things which not only lie. outside the duties and the profound satisfactions of
home, but which antagonize these and' make them seem .undesirable. , Young women become
averse to a marriage that does not at once, pledgea continuance in their indulgence in social
functions, and their pursuit of pleasures- foreign to homekeeping. Young men find themselves in
eligible parties, because the fine old element of romance being canceled out of the matrimonial
problem,- they must offer in its place purely .material considerations which they cannot attain.
The result is a population either at a: standstill or retrograding, and material things decking the
altar of life as a sham and tawdry substitute>fpr its fine romance and substantial happiness. ;The
experience of. France is admonitory. , " '. ' 'V ' :
But there are disquieting indications' 'that the example is without sufficient admonitory
force to warn the nations away irom the example of French practices.
', \ In an address to school children recently delivered in this city by an officer of the munici
pality the subject was "Application," most properly chosen but most improperly 'applied. The
sermon nullified the lesson of the text. The speaker said: .
,'¦¦ "These young men may be. the Pierpont Morgans of the future and these young ladies
may be the wives of millionaires." " ".,;....-•.
If these are the ends sought by application/then better for the republic that the young
men abandon application in the beginning, and that young women abjure it early.
Such advice and such a goal held up before the fancy of the young by any one to whom
they look with respect are harmful to a degree which we are sure has not impressed the adviser. It
puts not independence but millions as the one thing worth seeking by young men; and it abol
ishes romance,' the plain but lasting pleasures of home, the acquiring of the arts which make
home the brightest spot on earth, and it puts away the satisfactions of the heart, and makes girls
live onlyjio marry millionaires, or those whose wealth is put as a substitute . for all that makes a
man. Such teaching is so extremely erroneous that it cannot be too strongly deprecated. It puts
the sham and show of life, its iridescent shadows, its hollow forms, its exterior gauds and pig
ments, its passing show and pomp, its necessarily impermanent pretenses, as the end and aim
of existence! ,. ' :
It is at war with philosophy and happiness, and puts the torch of a false ambition to the
roof of the race and burns in its consuming fires every element of human contentment. - --¦• ,
Tennyson made no mistake when he wrote:
¦ Kind hearts are more than coronets,
And simple faith than Norman blood.
A gentle maiden in her flower
' . Is worth a' hundred coats of arms.
The young men. who listened- to this sadly mistaken counsel should apply themselves to
win honest independence by their own ' exertions, and let the millions take care of themselves.
They should feel -that independence means the acquisition of a home ruled by the queen of their
hearts, whose presence isan incentive to cleanness of life, honesty and honor, and to the highest
office of man- — the offering of a good example to his children and their proper nurture and
admonition.
These are the wholesome objects, of proper ambition, and when they fill the measure of
youthful aspiration the nation partakes of their sanity and is the aggregate', of the sentiments
which inspire them. .
Every young woman . should look into -her -heart and read 'there the desire to be the wife of
her lover, trussing. that he deserves that jewel^whicji ojitshines] the .'-Kohinoor, and will be the
world's stainless star' when' tliat 'glittering stone, marred by tlie"bl6od of men and smirched by .'the
palm of avarice; has dissolved into, the invisible gas. wlierice'it; came, or is forgotten as wholly as
the name .of the. nabob, who first gloried inits possession. )
If right romance, the sweet hunger of the heart, be not satisfied in the walls of a palace,
their mural splendors, the pride, of their tenancy, the pomp and parade' they echo, are as sounding
brass and tinkling cymbal. Shelter them in a ' cottage and make it a honie whose duties they
touch with their ineffable grace, and that cottage becomes a palace. Its 1 walls are illuminated with
the glories that mere wealth can neither give nor take away. The vine upon its lintel is crowned
with the verdure of the tree of life, and every pleasure is heightened and every pain endured
with patience, because those who- dwell therein see each other to the end with the raised vision of
their .first .youth, and their, hearts abide in its romance. . .
No greater error can curse mankind than, the assumption that happiness proceeds, from
wealth alone. The two are as distinct as the color of a flower and its aroina. They may exist
together,- and they do, but neither is the cause of the other.
IS WE^LlJTH, .A-I-jIIi ?
Address Communications. to W.S.'LEAKE, Manager
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
SUNDAY-....-..,.............:... :¦. -V. i. :.'.:....::...;.>....:..........:......... ...:. ...... APRIL 20, 1902
COMEDIAN ASSERTS
COLORED PLAYERS MUST YIELD
TO PREJUDICE.
By Guisard.
THE SAN, FRANGISGO GADL.
.-...- •¦-.-.:..¦ . ¦ ' ¦ , , c ¦¦ . .V.-. ,-JS: --'¦¦¦ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGHEST POSSIBLE
PRAISE FORJTHE HEINE.
A Pupil of Beethoven Has
Chosen the Heine Piano.
"BERLIN. Jan. 4. 1S94.— I have selected
the Heine piano for my own use, recog-
nizing the highest type of mechanical and
musical value In the same.
"CHEVALIER DE KONTSKI.
"Musical Director.
"Court pianist for the Emperor of Ger-
many."
All our best local musicians have en-
dorsed the Heine. Over 6000 In use in
San Francisco, and all giving perfect sat-
isfaction.
"We have over 200 pianos, all makes, on
our floors j. and on account of commence-
ment of decorating of our warerooms and
Hall we will make a special cut on all
these pianos.
BARGAINS.
|1 Knabe $O5
3 Chlckerlng ....#131 to S8*»O
* Heine ..SiJGO to»42."»
» Stelnway ...glUO to $4tt."»
And 200 other new pianos. from S 1 ISO to
$G7o. Agents Krell and 20 other makes,
* HEINE
Warerooms and Hall. 235-237 Geary Street.CHICO.'; April 10.— Chlco '<¦ School ; District to
day ; votod . for the establishment ; of a district
high r school. : I ¦> Th« . vote . stood ' 367 :; for " to ' 73
. niTnirint*irosWOTnBfflB8E8BMB8HWi8MB
, SACRAMENTO, April ID.— Chief \ Sulli
van, to-night received word from Stockton
that H.' P. Speare,* a man claiming to have
been . a '; member of , Field's Minstrels, ; has
been > arrested X there. ; He ; is : wanted -in
Pasadena,' -Oakland and Sacramento for
the theft of articles from gun stores. :
Wanted in Three Cities.
Bulgaria Cannot Maintain Peace.
• SOFIA, Bulgaria! April 19.— The Bulgar
ian Government has issued a circular to
its agents in Turkey declaring its disap
proval of the disorders among Bulgarians
in Turkey. It has at the same time in
formed s the .' powers \ that Bulgaria is un
able to maintain tranquillity In the Balkan
peninsula unless conditions in ,Turkey are
• bettered.-- ..'.¦' .-v" . : ¦ ' : %t%^
: LONDON. : April M9.— King Edward will
make his first appearance on the turf as
an owner. ¦ since . hla accession to the
throne, at Epsom. April 22. The friends
of .William] C. Whitney hope he will have
a chance to see Volddyovski -win the .City
and Suburban.. stakes.' , Prime ' favorite as
the late : Derby '¦ winner, Volodyovaki, - is,
King Ed-ward's Horse to Start.
NEW YORK. April. 19.— The death of
Miss Georgia Cay van. the actress, who
has been an inmate of Sanford Hall, a
private sanitarium • in Flushing, ' for sev
eral'months. Is a question of hours, or a
few days at the utmost... For several days
she has been sinking rapidly, with rare
rallying intervals. A number of old friends
called. to see her to-day, but all informa
tion was denied, at the sanitarium. She
Is suffering, f torn paresis. . . . ¦
Well-Known Actress Sinking Rap
' idly in' a Private Sanitarium
- . in the East/
IVEATH FB0M PARESIS
NEAR TO MISS CAYVA1T
i It - is believed here that ! the Pinzon Is
bombardling ' the town and ' will quickly
dislodge • the 1 insurgents, who are under
command of General Buendia. Further
news is anxiously awaited here and little
surprise will be expressed if the recapture
of Bocas is announced soon. *....-
COLON, Colombia, ' April 19.— The expe
dition under 'General Gomez, the military
Governor of Colon, which left here yester
day on the Government gunboat General
Pinzon. for Bocas del Toro, was due at
Bocas at about 8 o'clock this morning.
The expedition comprised 700 men, ¦. with
four guns, one of them a long-range three
pounder. ' .¦•••¦ / , .
A German steamer from Bocas which
has just arrived here brings news that the
Liberals • effected a landing in open boats
and barges near Bocas at 6 o'clock Thurs
day morning, when fighting began. The
Liberal troops outnumbered the Govern
ment force, which was forced to surren
der the town at 11 o'clock yesterday. One
hundred and fifty men on both sides were
killed, but the Government loss was in-
Blgnincant aa compared with that of the
Liberals.' The : United . States gunboat
Machias has landed 100 marines at Bocas.
in Fall of a Town and
Heavy Losses.
Severe Fighting in Colombia Results
GOVERNMENT TBOOFS
SURRENDER. TO LIBERAI.S
Mrs. W. H. Crocker,' Princess Poniatowski,
Mrs. Georgie E, Mayhew, Mrs. J. W. Ruggles,
The Valentine Holt Society of the Chil
dren of the American Revolution gave an
annual dance last evening- and Century
Hall was thronged with the brilliant as
semblage, comprising the younger set.
The decorations were beautiful and lavish
Many lilacs and sprint blossoms were
effectively arranged, with an abundance
of foliage. The ; following 'ladies were
patronesses, some of whom assisted in
receiving the guests:
«n P 'J "w M S 2^ Or ' Dr - Hafry Tevls - Mr 
and Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. W. 13
Tevls. Mrs. Hugh Tevls. R. J. Tobln. Mr. and
M i \,*kJ* • bb J- John iWJ Twiggs. Mr».
J^°i 'Jn.^ 1 "* H# H - Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Al
fred Tubbs. Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Tubbs
Japanese Consul Uycno and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Van Nens. Miw Van Ness.
Mr and Mrs. C. R. Winslow. Mr. ajid Mrs.
R. J. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Charles si.
Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur WTUtney. Mr
S^T^Ji* 11 '-^ 11 ' MiB9 Whl "ell. Mr. and Mrs!
??, £ ™/°??. s ' ¥f • 2 nd Mr »- Mountford Wilson,
wiStaS^^f^llSSnir 1 Mr "- W «»«".'*U.
Mrs. J. J. Driscoll, Thomas Drlscoll Judee an*
Mrs. Garter. Mrs Platt, Mr. and Mrs wflHam
son. Captain and Mrs. Bal/ord, Mr. and Mrs
Klrkpatrick, Miss Maynard, Mr. and Mrs icitt'
ridge, T. C. Berry. T. B. Berry, N L Berrv*
& S H . ardl 5 s A T - tfKeefe. T. Callaghan, John
XV. Mackay. F. Cooper. Count du Palx Miss Sallv
Maynard. Mies Geraldlne Bonner, Frank M?ch
8 * Mr i, Harriman ««» Party, Professor Da
vidson, Profeeeor Wheeler of Un»ver«ity ot
California and wife. Mr. and Mrs Cantain
Buford. Mr. and Mrs. Athearn Folger, Mr. and
Mre. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Parsons.
Miss Selby, Mr. and Mrs. Herman Schuasler,
C. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin, Harry
Slmpkins, the Misses Spreckels, Mr. and Mrb
J. D. Spreckela, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreck
els. Mrs. Hyde Smith, Mr. and Mrs. George
Shreve Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Scott. Mr. and
Mrs Laurance Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Irving
Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Selby. Mr.- and Mrs.
H. Bhalnwald. Dr. Shield?, the Misses Schuss
ler. Judge and Mrs. Sewali, Mr. and Mrs. Self
ridge.
Mr. and Mrs. George Pope, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
Prtngle, James R. Prlngle, Arthur Price, Cap
tarn and Mm. A. H. Payson. Miss Mabel Poett,
Prince and Princess Poniatowski, Mr. and Mrs.
George Plnckard, Wilfred Page, Miss Page,
Mr. and Mrs. George Page, Mr. and Mrs. Ar
thur Page, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Page, Mrs.
A. M. Parrott, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Parrott.
the Misses Parrott, Mr, and Mrs. Theodore
Payne, Horace Platt, Henry Poett. Mies Part
inrton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Redlngton. Miss Louise
Rcdington, Major and . Mrs. Rathbone, ¦ Gerald
Kathbone, Mr. and Mrs. Raedell, Mr. and Mrs.
J. L. Robinson, Miss Robinson, Mr. and Mrs.
Robln3on Rellly, H. Redlneton.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Herman Oel
richs, Mr. and Mrs. James Otis, Lieutenant
and Mrs. J. S. Oyster. ,
Mr. and Mrs. T. Murphy, Miss McKlnstry,
Colonel and Mrs. Kd Moale, Miss Frances Me-
Klnstry. D. O. Mills. Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Merrill, Judjre and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, Law
rence McCreery. Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Mclntosh
Mr. and Mrs. Elliott McAllister. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Miss Edna Bicknell, A. B. McCreery,
L. C. McAfee, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. McAllister.
Miss Adelaide Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. Percy P.
Moore, Miss Frances Moore. Mr. and Mrs. John
Malllard, Mr. and Mrs. A. Macondray, Dr. and
Mrs. MacMonasle. Mr. and Mrs. F, S. Moody.
Mr. and Mrs. J. U. K. Xuttall, George A
JCewhaJl, Bishop and Mrs. W. F. Nichols, Miss
Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Newhall, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Le Roy Nickel.
Mrs. Frank. Mr. and Mrs. Flood, Miss Flood,
Mr. and Mrs. Follis, Mr. and Mrs. Foster.' Mr
Forbes, Mr. and Mrs. Folger.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Glr
vin, Mr. and Mrs. Gwin, Mr. and Mrs. Glass,
Mr. Grau, Mr. Greenway. Mr. and Mrs. Grif
fin, Mr. and Mrs. Green.
C. S. Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Harvey,
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Hobart. Mr. and Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, Judge and Mrs. Ralph Harrison,
Miss Horton, Mrs. George Hyde, Mr. and Mrs.
A. M. Henry, Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Hooker, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Paxton Howard, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Howard,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hayward, Miss Houghton,
Harry M. Holbrook, Miss Olive Holbrook.
The Misses Josselyn, Mr. and Mrs. Josselyn,
Miss Minnie Jolllfle, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Jor
dan. Mr. and Mrs. John Johns.
SACRAMENTO. April 19.-Chief of Po
lice Sullivan of the local police force has
obtained requisition papers for the return
of Wade, alias Johnson, alias Cook, who
is held by the Salt- Lake authorities as
the . suspected murderer of Hugh Duffy,
who. was shot In this city on February 17.
Detective Fisher will leave on the first
train to get his man.
Dalbert . says that Wade repeatedly
threatened him. with death if he 'ever
"peached/' and that he was in mortal ter
ror until the man was safely behind the
bars.'
"I know absolutely nothing about the
murder except what I have read In the
newspapers," he declared to-night. "I
never told Dalbert anything about It. I
was with him for a while, and when we
were in Ogden he overheard me talking to
a couple of friends and speaking about
the murder, which I had read about in the
newspapers. He was sore on me because
he owed me some money and wouldn't
pay it. It is true that I have been in
California many times and that I did time
there for larceny, but I wasn't there
when the murder was committed. I was
in Manitoba then. I can prove an alibi
all right." ¦ .
Sheriff Naylor "scooped" the police and
took the prisoner from under their noses
in order, to lay claim to the $500 reward.
Wade was serving a term for larceny in
the City Jail. . In some way the officers in
charge became confused as to his Identity,
and supposed, that he had been released.
Sheriff Naylor, however, receiving word
from California that the man was wanted,
learned that he was still a city prisoner.
Without letting the police know this in
formation, he secured a pardon to-day
from Mayor Thompson, went to the City
Jail and demanded the prisoner's release.
The police honored the pardon, and as
soon as Wade was outside the City Jail
Sheriff Naylor arrested him on the charge
of murder and took him over to the
County Jail, where he now ia. The reward
is now being claimed by the Sheriff, by
the policeman who arrested Wade for
petty larceny, and by Carl Dalbert, the
man who gave the first information lead
ing to the arrest. .
Dalbert says that he traveled with
Wade on freight cars through Montana,
Idaho and Utah, and that while in Ogden
Wade became intoxicated and confiden
tial, telling tnat he was wanted for mur
der In California. Wade protests his in
nocence. - . - . .
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 19.— Frank
Wade, alias Johnson, alias Cook, la under
arrest in Salt Lake for the murder of
Hugh Duffy in Sacramento last February.
He is being held awaiting the arrival of
an officer from California with requisition
papers. - •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• The transfer of the case will not em
barrass or hinder the action of the State.
It is Immaterial' in which court the case
ia tried, but the motion to remand will at
once bring up the question of jurisdiction,
and when that is settled we can proceed
with the trial of the case on its merits.
In any event it will reach the Supreme
Court without unnecessary delay."
The State expects President Hill of the
Northern Securities Company to re
new in the Federal court his motion to
vacate the service of summons on the
Northern Securities Company and him
self as president of the company on the
same ground that the motion was made
in the Ramsey County District Court
that the Northern Securities Company is
not doing business as a corporation- in
Minnesota and has appointed no agent in
this State to receive service. The service
of Hill as president of the Northern Se
cutrities Company will be objected to on
the ground that. he is not a resident of
this State In that capacity, but only as
an individual. • Should the service be va
cated the State will . probably try to
secure service by publication. : .
ST. PAUL, April 19.— The Attorney Gen
eral of Minnesota, W. B. Douglas, will
oppose the removal " of the merger Suit
from the Ramsey County District Court
into the United States Circuit Court. He
will go Into the United States Circuit
Court and there move the court to remand
the suit to the county courti from which
it cama General Douglas said to-day
after a consultation with Senator Wilson,
associate counsel 1 in the case:
SOCIETY WOMAN WHO WAS
HOSTESS AT A CHARMING
TEA YESTERDAY.
Salt Lake Sheriff Plays
a Trick on the
Police.
Minnesota Attorney Gen
. eral Active in M«r-
_^ g&v Case.
Prominent Eastern Man
Passes Away Sud
denly.
NEW YORK, April 19.— Archibald Mc-
Leod, former president of the Philadel
phia arid Reading Railroad, who has been
ill at his home in this city since Febru
ary 6, died late this afternoon.;
The death of McLeod was unexpected,
though his illness. was of a most serious
nature. He never fully recovered from
an operation for appendicitis performed
early last March. ; ,
Archibald "A. McLeod started in the
railroad business over thirty years ago in
the employ of the Austin Corbin Com
pany. He worked his way up until he
became president of the Philadelphia and
Reading Railroad. About ten years ago
McLeod attempted to bring about a com
bination of all the coal roads, including
the Erie, Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western and others, but for want of cap
ital he failed and was forced to abandon
the scheme. He was for a time interest
ed in the Whitney-Ryan combination,
then a controlling influence in railroad
affairs.
McLeod was also interested in the
American Air Power Brake Company and
the- American Railway Company, operating:
trolley lines in various parts of the coun
try, and at one time was president of the
Boston and Maine Railroad. He retired
from active business several years ago,
still holding, however, a large amount of
stock in the American Railway Company.
Olympia Deserter Caught.
j SALINAS, April 19.— A man clad In the
garb of a sailor and calling himself Jesse
Rose was arrested here yesterday for va
grancy. • When questioned h^ admitted be
ing a deserter from • the United States
cruiser Olympia. He said he deserted, at
Hongkong and worked his way home on
a British merchantman. He Is being held
in the County Jail pending a reply from
the navy office in San Francisco as to hla
case. ' . ¦- •''•'¦ ' •
ALE SCRAMBLE
FOR A REWARD
DEATH CLOSES
M'LEOD'S CAREER
with Danny Maher, the American jockey,
up. the twenty-four starters make &
field strong- enough to result In -what la
anticipated will be one of the greatest
struggles of the year.
FEW YORK. April 19.— Bryan U Rambon.
credit clerk for F. Legrgett & Co.. wholesale
grocers, was arraigned in the Police Court to
day, charged with the embezzlement oC $23,000
and was released on $5000 bail.
STATE OPPOSES
THE TRANSFER
lar. Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid
were guests of .honor. • and 225 other
friends enjoyed the genial hospitality of
the host. Mrs. H. B. Detrick, Mrs. Wai
ter Hobart and Mrs. Reid received for
Mr. B.owie. The picturesque grounds were
converted Into a veritable fairyland, and
the artistic setting »for the elegantly
gowned women was everything that could
be desired. The indoor decorations were
spring blossoms and palms. A delight
fully entertaining programme was ren
dered out-of-doors, consisting of most en
joyable selections of music interspersed
¦with Japanese day fireworks and Japa
nese dancing. Many of the guests went
down from the city to attend the func
tion and returned at 7 o'clock, speaking
In highest praise of Mr. Bowie's faultless
taste and genuine hospitality. The in
vited guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Pelham Ames, Miss Ames, Dr.
and Mrs. J. D. Arnold. Mr. and Mrs. W Al
vord. Dr. W. U Adams, "W r . D. Ames, Mr.
and Mrs. Leonard Abbott.
V. P. Brewer, the Misses Borel, Truxton
BesJe, Rev. and Mrs. W. A. Brewer, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin. Mrs. Louise Bar-:
riolhet, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Babcock, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Borel, Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Beylard,
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, Miss Susie
islanding. Dr. and Mrs. H. C. Bowie, Mr. and
Mrs. J. D. Boyd, Mr. and Mrs. Borel, Mr. and
Mr*. Samuel Buckbee, Miss Buckbee. A. J.
Brittain, the Misses Buckley, the Misses Brew
er. Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle. Miss Bland
leg, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Browne. Dr. Buckley,
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mr. and Mrs.
William Babcock, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bish
op. E. L. Bee, Judge and Mrs. Beatty.
Mrs. Blanding Coleman, the Misses Collier,
Mr. and Mrs. X. B. Collier. Mr. and Mn
F. 3. Carolan. A. B. Coetlgan, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Coleman, Mr. and Mre. TV. H. Crocker.
Miss Casserly, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cas
6erly, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Chapman
J. B. Crockett. H. J. Crocker. Miss Center,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Center. Dr. Herbert Carolan.
Mr. and Mrs. II. B. Chase. Miss Kate Cle
ment, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Creswell. Mr. and
Mr*. Maurice Casey, the Misses Carolan Mr.
and Mrs. D. T. Campbell.
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Doyle, Mr. "and Mrs
r>e!mas, Mr. and Mrs. Dl Vecchl. Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Dean, Mr. and Mrs. Donohoe E Don
©hoe. Miss Louise de Fremery, Mr. de Mar
ville. Mrs. de Gufme, John T. Doyle
Mr. and Mrs. Ellis. Miss Ellis, Mr. and Mrs
Ellicott, Mr. and Mrs. Easton, Mre. E. Eas
ton. Mr., and Mrs. Ewill, Mr. and Mrs. Eaton
Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Eyre. Mr. and Mrs. Perry
Eyre.
Miss Jane Kennedy,. Mrs. William Kohl Miss
Kohl. C. A. Kohl, Mr. and Mrs. J. krutt
echnltt. Mr. and Mrs. Fritz King. Mr. and
Mrs. Samuel Knight, Dr. and Mrs. James W
Keeney.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Lake, Miss Flora Low Mrs
M. C. Law. Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop Lester. M*
Latham, Miss Lake, John Larson, Mrs. M S*
Latham, Mr. and Mrs. George Lent.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Ford, Senator Felton.
pn^HE garden party given yesterday
II afternoon by Henry P. Bowie at
! I his San Mateo summer home was
iL an ideal affair in every particu-
The annaual entertainment of the Ham
lin School and Van Ness Seminary was
enjoyed yesterday afternoon at 1849 Jack
eon street, in the main building. The mu
sical programme was under the direction
of Walter S. Sabin and excellent talent
was secured for the occasion. The gym
nasium was converted into .a woodland
bower, with a bazaar, refreshments, gypsy
booths, etc. The entire affair was de
lightfully arranged and a decided success.
The proceeds will be given to the build-
Ing and decoration fund of St. Luke's
Church.
Miss Marie 'Wilson gave a pretty tea at
her home yesterday afternoon. The affair
was delightfully informal. .. . :
Mrs. William A. Doyle gave a delightful
tea yesterday at her residence, 2930 Pa
cific avenue, assisted by Miss Grace Bai
ley. More than 200 guests were pleasantly
entertained. The decorations were beau-'
tiful and artistic. The reception-room was
done in American Beauties. Spring blos
soms predominated in the drawing-room
and San Rafael roses decorated the din
ing-room. Mrs. Doyle was assisted in re
ceiving by:
Miss Grace Bailey, the Misses Taylor, Miss
Fritz. Miss Keane and Miss Marglne.
Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns .gave a delight
ful tea yesterday afternoon at her resi
dence, 319 Page street. Nearly one hun
dred and fifty guests were received be
tween the hours of 3 and 6. The decora
tions were extensive and artistic. Amer
ican Beauty roses predominated. - There
were also Bridesmaid roses, pink and
white carnations, smilax, rerns and potted
palms. A string orchestra added much
to the pleasure of the afternoon. Mrs.
Burns received in a Parisian gown of
black net, embroidered in apangles, over
white silk/ with garniture of panne vel
vet in pastel shades. She was assisted by:
Mrs. Edwin H. Coleman, Mrs. Arthur Cud
worth, Mrs. S. K. Stanton, Mrs. Vincent Peresl,
Mrs. George F. Schwarz and Mrs. Frank Don
nelly, i
Mrs. la. L. Baker, Mrs. L. L. Door, Mrs. Ar
thur D. Cross and Mrs. A. F. Hubbard,
NEW YORK, April 19.— Mme. Lillian
Nordica's experience in a railway colli
sion while on her tour of the Southern
cities has, she alleges, been the cause of
financial loss to her, in an attempt to re
coup which she has brought an action in
the Supreme Court, through her counsel,
A. H. Hummel, against the Southern
Railway Company to recover $50,000 dam
ages. Bhe sailed for Europe last week for
rest and recreation, - but will return to
prosecute her action.
• It is the custom of the prima. donna in
touring the country to travel Jn her pri
vate car, "The Brunhilde." She and other
members of the opera company were go
ing from Atlanta, Ga., to Nashville,
Tenn.,«in January last, when a collision
occurred with another train near Rome,
Ga. Luckily none of the party was killed,
but the car Brunhilde was damaged con
siderably, and Mme. Nordica declares
she was thrown violently out of her bed
and against a partition. She was picked
up in an almost unconscious condition,
and she avers in her complaint that she
received serious Injuries, which she be
lieves will be of a permanent character.
Because of her injuries, she alleges, she
was compelled to cancel many of her en
gagements and forfeit contracts to sing
in various cities.
She charges that the accident was the
result of carelessness, negligence and
recklessness on the part of officers and
agents of the railroad company, and that
she is entitled to recover $50,000 damages.
Mme. Nordica avers she has sustained an
actual loss of about $18,C00, including the
damage done to her private car, and that
she is entitled to compensation for the
pain and suffering she endured as a re
sult of the collision.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alleges That She Received
Serious Irijury in Recent
Collision.
Sues th9 Southern Rail
way Company for
$50,000.
NORDICA CLAIMS
HEAVY DAMAGES
HENRY P. BOWIE'S GARDEN
PARTY IN HONOR OF REIDS
Picturesque Grounds of Host's San Mateo Home
Furnish Setting for Elegantly Gowned Women.
THE SAN rE AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 20, 1902.
25
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 A Most Remarkable Remedy That
; Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write. ..
' Free trial packages of a moat remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State ijedical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for yeara against the mental and physi-
cal suffer Inga of lost manhood that the
Institute has decided to^ distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthfuK folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, va-
ricocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. . ~ .
The • , remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures ;¦• all r, the ¦ills', and; troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an* absolute suc-
cess in all cases. *A request to the State
Medical Institute,* &8 Elektron building.
Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire
one of their free trial packages, : will be
complied with promptly.' The Institute is
desirous of i reaching that great class of
men who, are unable to leave home to be
treated, ; and the | free samples will • ena ble
them to see how easy, it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper rense-
uies are employed. The 'Institute makes
no restrictions. , Any man who"Wrlte3 will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so, that its recipient need
have- i no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity, i Readers ¦; are requested . to . write
without delay. i I
GEAPE-HTJTS.
"YOU MEAT EAJERS."
Tho Baltimore Man Says Things. . '
You meat eaters who are ailing in any
sort of way might take a valuable hint
from the following:
A gentleman In Baltimore writes: "For
a long time I steadily ran down because
of an Intense pain in my side, and also in
the pit of my stomach. I was miser-
able and everything I ate caused distress.
I fell away from 185 pounds to 150. Lost
my ambition for work, was drowsy all of
the time, felt tired Jn the morning as I
did upon going: to bed at night. •
"I was a steady meat eater three* times
a day for several years. Somebody told
me that If I would change my diet and
take Grape-Nuts BreaVfast Food at two
meals In the day I would Improve. I
made the experiment and In less than
two weeks began to Improve very rapidly.
My appetite came back, and I slept better
than I had for months.
"1 used Grape-Xuts both at breakfast
end iunch and ate a little meat for dinner,
but not much. I discovered that a few
teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts would fur-
nish more nourishment than quantities of
xnfat-
"Jiy lmpro\ r einent has continued until
now I weigh 195 pounds, which is again
of about 43 pounds in live months, and I
feel In •magnificent condition. Please do
not publish •¦ my name if. you .use this
tetter, but I will 'gladly tell any person of
the benefits received if self addressed,
stamped envelope Is sent." • Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
\ ¦ -> •' ¦¦ -' ¦¦ .-:' ¦.'"'.. :'"¦¦,. O
!¦': h^j^^^^^ ScvcfbL Hundred Rolls of New ©
I Arc Rcad y lor Your Inspection at PATTOSIEN'S |
* /&§3if* ' VJp^ <n^^S v As an exhibit-as a lesson in later Spring styles, corns and enjoy It, As a mattor of business- ©
* /^^^? i ' IsH *y§Hli 1" money-saving and In Economical Service— It's for .your best interest to buy here. You O
* Ifflil&tfc* ' - ' lr^ ll^^^i can't appreciate how Rood these Carpets really are unless you come and see for yourself. Staple ®
\ 1 '¦ fl' ra iaisiiralsl Qualities that people buy right along, but the price difference here Is In your favor; but you must ®
> g^^Sl ' try to give us a day'3 time if jfou want them-sewed and laid-thesa are busy days here. g
I ¦ ood Values in Room-Size Rugs: |
[ Reception Hall Rugs— Brussels Rugs— Poyal Wilton RU35— |
* sKB^^i«^^^^^^^P In Velvet. Axminster and- Brus- Fine Tapestry Brussels, C**| M 9 It. by 12 ft, wo- Cn A CA ©
\ i bb^BKB*'^^^^^^^^ se ' s 1 - Six feet Cf\ with mitered borders; *P% sW . v en in one piece •+» ®
1 long. Various lengths •$ J •DU size 9 feet by 12 feet; B 7h — the $42.50 mVE, 5
j H^^SQH^B $15, $12 and.. g worth $20, at *»^ grade.... VfcJ g
j Heavy Ingrain Carpets, « pi Tapestry Brussels— ; pp . np •
\ • Choice of Floral desiKns or plain colors. The usual45c "^ *^ O New Sp " nR P a " ern , s and « ver 7 ri^f* S
I ' erades for Vi^W one pure wool - faced. 70c to $1 fc/l/ V ill U J V •
* B us '. r »««......... grades :..;.....•......... . . •
i Strictly All-Woo! Ingrains, HE? Wilton Velvets— . TfP 4. $125 •
I The best" grade of full extra super all-wool goods— the # Soft, high-pile- weaves in good J^{*1{\?1' 2
> ooc kinds— our price » lJ%* wearing designs, and colorings. H |7V I V : A :; Z
>, > ' & .-. , ."••.• •••' ; Prices .'.............:...... ,. ; r J
| $1.50 Body Brussels, , Sl^S Axminstcrs and Wiltons— $-| 15 ? $1 60 •
5 Standbys for years of long service. Regular $1.50 stan- . I * ¦¦*¦¦ Beautiful in design. Soft- in colors.' "I /\ I* .,. ©
* * dard weaves, this week "^ The grades that.'most stores ask from «% , i^^. * A .'¦ ¦ < •
J " ••••• $1.35 to $2.75 for ©
» Adrahan Rugs— Arlington Imperial Axminster Rugs— o
I Are made of pure EASTERN WOOL after the style of ORIENTAL These Rues are'made by the Bigelow Lowell Mills, in the quality of &
) RUGS, and woven in breadths carefully sewed together; no miters; IMPERIAL BIGELOW AXMINSTEK^ We are the dnly San ©
I '¦•'¦' in the Adrahan Rug the manufacturers have produced a fabric so Francisco house handling the full line of these celebrated Rugs, be- ©
> ; .rich and perfect in color effects that many of them are more beau- cause another leading furniture house DROPPED THE LINE •
I tiful than the finest Oriental Rugs. Even experts are compelled to when they heard of us handling the goods. «M •¦¦» pf aa •
* examine closely in order to tell the difference — and the price is but a Do you see the point? We would sell them'sL cU 7 111 **
I trifle in comparison. too cheap, and so we do. Regular down-^Qgj/J IfllJ ®
* In LargC Carpet Sizes— town price, $42.50; Pattosien\frice. 9x12 feetT V . #V^ o
I 4:6x7..... .9 s.oo 6x9x10 ...............$ 8.30 Sanfords-fiavvais Axminster Rugs — $
I 8:3x10:6 $25.00 9x12.. 7...?3O.OO Sizes 9x12. ?24.OO— Others ask $27.00. •
J. 10:6x12 ................. $37.50 11:3x14 ........... :.....?45.OO Sizes 8:3x10:6, ?22.00— Others ask $25.00. ;•
Ifl&tZr* WZ DIV CDCIPUT flUopack and ship goods j rfr^S=» vaIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED WHEN flCCOM-1 . 'cj 8
VlC TAT rntlbn I f«« of charge within 100 f . ifcS PANIED BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER PAYABLE •
¦ ib ini 1 iifaiwii 1 - m|lesof San prqnclsco. j TOPATTOSIEN CO- •
h *ri 1 1 f 1 . p*yySp*^ wti&w d^m sfJcJi bsH^B - ¦bEtI^bI H2S3H Bi ¦^¦^¦m^^^ bB9b!^bsssS PfflrvB Bf^M ¥¦** y cs n tr\ *^,
B/\ TIT
AUUUl
Ft m. l L i I ¦
ii if »r\L-t
I AjIm^
I Do they burn, 1 itch^%^|
:|i . sweat, sting, pain,' ache. n>J
I swell and cause you air iy
|| kinds of trouble and an- y
I noyance? I
1\ If they do you ought - 1
1\ to rub Halprun- »
V er's Wonderful I
V. - Medicine o n
V\ them; rub it in
.\ all over — be-
1 \» tween the toes.
V on . the . bot-
' . ]\ torn, etc. Do
1\ this two or three
1\ times a day and
1 you will soon I
1 have well feet:
I in fact, walking J
will be a ¦ pleas- /,
j sell Haloruner's, /I
I but be sure that /I
a|i6»/jSf dollar size con- il
Mit * ta ' ns three times II
il the quantity of I
// the soc size. . ..." j
.// H a 1 p r u ner II
' 1/ . , Mfe. Co.. 28 Cal- /¦
' k ifornia St., S. F., ft
U: ¦ ¦
Tfalpmrier's
! j ¦ ~"~" """¦
' TJ T> TT O U I? C yOB BARBEllS. BAK.
Jjf 1 U 1^X1 JJiO •*»• feootblao**, batS-
* w *^ **•""** houses. . billard table*,
brewers, ' bookbinders, candy-maker*, canatrt,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundrls*. p*w-
hanffert, printers, palattrt. «no« factor**
' tUbleznen. tar-roofers. • tanner*. ¦ tailors, • ta.
• BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 009 Sacramonto 6t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6|ff ERS
For that rundown tired feeling
in the Spring, there is no medicine
to equal the Bitters. It will re-
store the appetite, purify the blood,
and cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Nervousness, Insomnia and
La Grippe.
QUALITY
The H.'ghest Degree of Excellence Attested
by the
ENORMCUS GAIN IN IMPORTATIONS
During J90J of
lVtoet&
Cbandoa
CHrtmPAGNE
OVER A'
QUARTER OF A MILLION
Or, more accurately, an increase of
252 432
Bottles over the year 1900, .equal to more than
IOO PER CENT .
Of the combined Increase of all the other cham-
paeme house*. — Extract from Bonfort's Wine
and Spirit Circular, January JO, 1902.
' Moet & Chandon "WHIT!?. g-RAL" ia of
the celebrated vintage of 1803, pronounced by
the bon-vivant and connoisseur the acme of
perfection — Dry, ' Delicate, Delicious.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, . ' .
216-213 Ni Isslon St , San Francisco.
Have^you chosen I
jour carriages? §
Ovrr\s are Vhe^ I
6 ma.rie^l- 1
Io^EnqoBN ;; .^' : -.;5Si5rsf|CANTON, April 19.— The rebels are be
sieging Nanning, an important city in the
province of Kwangsi, and it Is reported
that the place had already fallen. The
telegraph wires beyond Wuchow, between
Canton and Nanning, have^been cut.
PEKING, April 19.— Th^-populace is be
coming increasingly excited over rumors
that trouble Is Imminent between the Im
perial and the foreign troops, but the de
meanor of the Chinese continues friendly
toward foreigners, the best • informed of
whom discredit . the rumors of the ex
istence or an - anti- foreign feeling. The
commanders of the guards at the foreign
legations met to-day and arranged plans
for defense should trouble arise.
The Intention of the Empress Dowager
to review the imperial troops on the re
turn of the court from the journey to
the eastern tombs of the dynasty has been
abandoned, presumably because the Chi
nese officials considered that the holding
of the review might" be construed as a
demonstration against the foreign troops.
turing an Important Place in
Kwangsi Province.
Chinese Malcontents Succeed in Cap-
CITY OF NANNING r i'J '
IS TAKEN BY BEBEI^
: VANCOUVER. B. C. April 19.— A . special
t rom ¦ Ottawa • says: • Hon. Cnifford Slfton has
given I notice of a' bill to Increase" th« elected
members of the .Yukon Counqll. At present
there are two members elected, - but provision
will be made for five. - / . • • . ¦.; ¦ ¦«•¦
The Philippine situation and the recent
exposures . before the Senate committee
have caused the President to assume
control of the department. He knows
that non-commissioned officers would -not
administer severe forms of punishment
except, on . orders,-: and no* lieutenant, or
captain would-be likely to give such or
ders except on* authority. ¦ Hence, the re
sponsibility must be fixed upon the officer
who Issued the order. /
It is supposed Chaffee is investigating
the' charges against General Jacob j H.
Smith, whom the President has ordered,
with other officers, to • be court-martialed
without further instructions from Wash
ington if Chaffee i should find > cause for
such ' action. •¦ ' » '/ --: ¦ ' .
j Chaffee Is expected to respond
.to'.j the message of the Secretary sent
early this week demanding inquiry into
allegations • of. torture and directing the
• court-martial of- several officers said to
have been Implicated in "water cure" and
other forms of cruelty to Filipinos.
I CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
:W., WASHINGTON, April 19.— President
;Roosevelt has assumed charge of Philip
pine . affairs so far as they concern the
War Department, and during the absence
: of ; Secretary -Root in Cuba will person
"ally:- direct 'investigations. He will \ not
,-leave the settlement of questions arising
almost daily to either the Assistant Sec
retary of War or General Corbln, and
'has ordered that every message received
,be communicated to him.
: Special Dispatch to The _CalI.
The President Assumes
:; Charge of All Philip
pine Affairs.,
TAKES CONTROL
OF THE INQUIRY
Gamble of South Dakota then called up
the resolution expressive of the sorrow of
the Senate at the death of the late Sen
ator James Henderson Kyle of South
Dakota, and he \ and Cockrell, Cullom.
Morgan, Foraker, Nelson and Kittredge
paid glowing tributes to . his memory.
After tl}e adoption of the resolution the
Senate, at 4:25 p. m., as an additional
mark of respect, adjourned. . V .
The Senate continued the consideration
of unobjected bills, the following being
passed: Authorizing the Secretary of
war to. loan 1000 wall tents for use at the
Knights of Pythias . encampment, to be
held at San Francisco; to increase tha
pensions of soldiers and sailors who have
lost limbs in the service and fifty-eight
private pension bills, including one in
creasing the pension of the widow of Gen
eral Ludley to. $50 a month.
At 2 o'clock the unfinished business, the
Philippine Government bill, was called up,
but laid aside at the suggestion of Lodge,
in charge of the measure.
Frye gave notice that. on Monday next,
after routine business, he would call up
the river . and harbor bill for considera
tion.
The bill passed yesterday by the House
providing for reciprocal relations with
Cuba was received by the Senate and re
ferred to the Committee on Relations
with Cuba, ¦ V~
The Senate , agreed to a conference
asked for by the House on, the-Chineso
exclusion bill. , The chair: (Frye) said he
felt bound to appoint : conferees : who
would represent the/majority>sentiment
of the Senate. He named Platt of Con
necticut, Dlllingham of Vermont and Clay
of Georgia. ¦
Among other measures passed were the
following:*; Granting/ permission .for j the
erection of . a monument ¦¦-;¦ or ¦, statue in
"W'ashlngton, L>. C., to the memory and in
honor of the late' Benjamin F. Stephen
son, founder, of the - Grand Army . of the
Republic; to confer jurisdiction upon the
Court of Claims 'to; render judgment for
the principal and Interest in actions to
recover ! duties collected by the military
authorities of the ' United ; States upon
articles Imported • into' Porto Rico from
the several States between April 11, 1899,
and May 1, 1900; to place Lieutenant Col
onel and Brevet Major General Alexander
Stuart Webb on the retired list pf the
army; to construe the dependent pension
act of 1890 so as to include all persons
who served ninety days during the Civil
War and who were honorably discharged,
but excluding those of the First, Second,
Third,. Fourth, Fifth and Sixth United
States Volunteer Infantry, w,ho had prior
service In the Confederate army or navy;
to provide an American register for the
bark Homeward Bound; for the tempo
rary detention of persons dangerously in
sane in the District of Columbia.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— At tho con
clusion of .routine business in the Senate
to-day a joint resolution postponing the
payment of taxes', on real : estate: In:, the
District' of Columbia for the fiscal year
1903 from November, 1902, to May, 1903, waa
adopted^ ".- ' .'^ .'" '¦ .y, : '/;-- '¦ .;...'::'-, ¦ • ; : ;
Cuban Reciprocity Measure
Goes Again to a Oom
mittea
Senate . f Accepts Sugges
] tion Offered by the
House. ,
EXCLUSION BILL
IN CONFERENCE
HELENA, .Mont., April j 19.— State ; Coal
Mine: Inspector, f, Welch this v evening 're
ceived ; a f telegram from i Red • Lodge > an
nouncing that the strike In the 'coal mines
there had been settled and the men would
go ' to j work • • Monday, " after ; being ' out
eleven! days. About 700 men were involved
in ; the; trouble.' ~,
Montana Coal Mine Strike Ends.
| LAKE CHARTRES; La., April 19.— The
jury in the case of Ed Batson, on trial for
the "murder of 'six . members . of 'the Earl
family, had -«ot- agreed, after beingout
three hours,* and court- adjourned until
Monday > morning, i the 'Judge having ' de
cided not to receive a verdict after dark.
Wants "No Verdict After 3?ark.
/ LAUSANNE, Switzerland, April 19,-The
American youth, who, with' the -son of a
Lausanne publisher named - Imer, was
killed some ; days • ago by falling to the
bottom of a gorge in- the Encel Pass near
Evionnaz, was " Talcott -Williams I Cham
bers, 16, years ; old, the only son of a mis
sionary! i the ;- Rev. Mr. Chambers, •- sta
tioned at Adana, Anatolia, • (Asia Minor).
Both : of ¦ the" victims ; were pupils at > the
normal school of Pesseuf , Canton of
Neuchatel. •„-.:* -
-CAYUCOS, April 19.— Several -persons
who were ; fishing on the wharf here this
morning report naving seen a sight .which
seldom . falls . under human - vision, being
nothing less than the birth of a baby
whale. • The ocean being quite rough out
sider a large whale '-. appeared , close in
shore and while the crowd was watching
lt 4 the baby whale. made its advent into
the . world. Mother and infant ; disported
themselves ¦ about the wharf for a short
time, and then disappeared together, going
in the direction of deeper water.
Victim an American : ; Student.
Advent of a Baby Whale.
BERLIN, April 19.— The Imperial Chan
cellor Count von ; Bulow, In thanking the
correspondent iof the New- York Staats
Zeitung for a list of the newspapers rep
resented | at the • banquet given in New
York.by.-the Staats Zeitung to the press
of the United States in honor of Prince
Henry, alluded to the great development
of the press in the United States and to
its extensive participation in the arrange
ments made to honor the Prince." i
The great ,"beer treats" . of the New
York brewers to the crew of the Imperial
yacht Hohenzollern had unpleasant con
sequences for several of the deck officers.
They saved seven kegs of beer intending
to present them to their f rinds at home,
but 1 the ¦ custom-house officers at Kiel
seized the kegs at the "freight depot and
compelled the officers to pay 270 marks
(?67 50) in duties and penalties., The cus
toms officers sold the beer at auction.
That Were Hidden on' Royal
Yacht?' /
Customs Officials at Kiel Seize Kegs
HOHENZOLIiEBrN OFFICER^
: LOSE PRECIOUS BEER
- -That. there Is widespread apprehension
in official circles is evidenced by the^ fact
that even officials of the Ministry of -the
Interior^ are found who credit the ob
viously impossible story that a- sort of
Coxey army of 10,000 peasants Is marching
from Poltava, seventy miles from Khark
off,-to St. Petersburg.
;. cial negligence. V -
ST. PETERSBURG, April 19.— The as
sassination of M. Siplaguine, the Minister
of the Interior, who was shot at the min
istry April 16 by a student named Balsa
honstt, is still the" absorbing topic of con
versation,' but one sees no mention of the
case In print. The papers have' been for
bidden to mention the event. The mur
derer; Is still alive In jail, where he de
fiantly refuses to answer questions. The
case is causing the police untold anxiety,
especially since it has developed that the
assassin was held nine days without be
ing registered, in spite of the supposed
omnipresence of the secret service officers.
The gravity of the situation Is Illustrated
by the fact that a hlgh^official visited. the
police authorities and catechised them as
to whether they are now harboring any
unregistered persons.
The report,s,of unrest in the -country
south of Moscow increase. That locality
is .described as being in a state of tur
moil. The details of the burning of the
Duke of Mecklenburg's chateau in South
east Russia show that a small army of
peasants was involved - In the uprising.
They destroyed everything on the estate
which was not worth stealing.
Murder of Russia's' Interior Minister
* r Rendered Easy Because of Offi- • *
POLICE AEE CENSUBED f ...
FOB, THE ASSASSOTATIO^T
With this object in view, we recommend to
all organized workers. In national. State, cen
tral or local unions, that at their public cele
brations on" May 1, July 4 and September 1
(Labor day), 1902, they concentrate their at
tention to a decision of the abolition of Injunc
tions in labor disputes and the passage of reso
lutions demanding at the hands of Congress
and the Legislatures of their respective States
the enactment of laws conforming to that
purpose. It is urged, too, that at the conven
tions of the national unions, the State Federa
tions, as well as at stated meetings of the
central labor unions and local trade and fed
eral labor unions, this subject matter be fully
discussed, emphatic action taken thereon and
,the result of that action promptly communi
cated to the United States Senators and mem
bers of Congress from your respective States
and to the members of the Legislatures of your
respective districts. > ¦ , • _,
U'he American workmen are law-abiding,
faithful and loyal citizens ; they . have no de
sire for immunity from the law governing other
citizens, but they most emphatically resent,
and protest against the action of courts con
victing them and sentencing them to prison tor
acts which they have the legal right to per
form; and condemned, too, without proper op
portunity and defense and trial by a Jury of
their peers.
This impending and growing danger, there
fore, impels; us to appeal, to the workers and
to all people of our country, so that the true
feeling of all may be expressed and registered,
so that the public opinion of the people of our
own common country may more definitely im
press Itself upon the . minds of our national
Congress and Stat£ Legislatures. . ¦
. ¦ Thus far j we have been unable to persuade
the Congress of the United States to enact
laws that shall protect the rights and liberty
of people - engaged in industrial - disputes, and
many of the courts have interpreted this fail
ure on the part of Congress aa a warrant and
authority to extend the use, or more properly
speaking, the abuse of i the writ of injunction
bo that the scope of -each writ still further
Invades cur constitutionally -guaranteed rights.
There are few contests In which the tollers
are ¦ engaged ¦ for Improvement or for the pre
vention ' o£ . deterioration " In their - condition,
unless injunctions are issued by the pourts of
the most far-reaching character, invading the
legal and moral rights of the workers to per
form perfectly legal and legitimate acts to
carry on effort to a successful termina
tion. ' Injunctions of a flagrant, unjustifiable
and outrageous character are continuously Is
sued, and honest,naw-abidins and faithful citi
zen workmen are thrust Into prison for periods
of from -one to nine, months.
. The executive council adjourned sine die
this afternoon after adopting an address
to the- wage workers of America, signed
by all the members of the council, which
-says: .- ' 1 : : •¦•.-..¦:¦
April 19.— The execu
tive council of the American Federation
of | Labor to-day ' adopted resolutions
thanking Senators and Representatives
who have stood by the labor interests in
Chinese exclusion legislation, and urging
that either/ "effective exclusion laws
enacted or that" the full responsibility for
ineffective legislation on this subject may
rest upon those who, while in
the Senate substitute to" give the country
an, exclusion law, ' are - providing an act
which will be sure to involve the Gov
ernment in endless litigation and fail to
exclude Chinese laborers."
American, Federation Issues
Address on Id junction.
Question.
Appeal Is Made for an
Effective Exclusion
* JLJd W.
LABOR PROTESTS
AGAINST CHINESE
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 19.— The an
nouncement was made this morning that
the Western Plumbers' Trust, which does
business from . Winnipeg to . Vancouver,
has fallen through and that prices hava
been cut. It Is said the -trust was getting
30 per cent profit. A
Plumber's Trust Collapses.
MILAN, Aprh 19.— For the first time in
the parliamentary history of Italy an
avowed anarchist. Pietra Calcagno, Is a
candidate for a seat In the Chamber of
Deputies, with some chance of election.
Calcagno. who was only recently re
leased from prison, on the ground of ill
health. Is living on a small island in tha
Mediterranean which he is unable to leave
without the permission of the Italian Gov
ernment. He was Imprisoned several times
In consequence of his anarchistic prin
ciples, and has fled to England and Amer
ica more , than once to escape the police.
Calcagno says that if he is elected ha
will not take his seat, as he does not be
lieve in the Italian Parliament.
Position in the National
Parliament.
Notorious Italian a Candidate for a
ANARCHISTS MAY GAIN
SEAT AMONG DEPTJTZE3
NEW YORK, April 19.— Announcement
is made by the Coney Island Jockey Club
that, this year's Futurity for two-year
olds will be worth $70.000.?' It is the. most
¦valuable race, in America: It. will be de
cided Saturday, August 30, and a fortune
will be handed over to. the owner of the
winner. ¦ ; When ' the , entry to the • stake
closed on January 2, 1900, the club had re
ceived 1241 nominations. .; Of 'this number
305 subsequently became -. void < from <,varl
ous causes.' 419 were declared out on-pay
ment of $10, 62 at 520, 10 at $60 and 12 at
$70, leaving 433 youngsters eligible. ."¦•
Futurity Stake a '¦ Bich* Event.
FRESNO, April 19.— The largest contract
av/arded by the city under the ! new I charter
¦will be let on Monday ¦ evening for , the con
struction of a sewer system In the newly ' an
nexed additions. An expenditure of $15,000 Is
Involved. - . . ¦
Warner-Quinlan , Syndi
cate Enters a New
Protest.
Major Carver Howland, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, Is ordered to San Francisco for
examination for retirement. - •
Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Mack K. Cunningham, signal
corps, . will go from Fort Myer to San
Francisco, thence to the Philippines. JThe
army retiring board at' San: Francisco is
dissolved and a new board ' is appointed
in its stead as follows: Major General
Robert H. Hughes, Colonel John B. Bab
cock, assistant adjutant general; Lieuten
ant Colonel John D. Hall, deputy surgeon
general; Major Henry S. Kil bourne, sur
geon; Major Benjamin H. Randolph, ar
tillery: Captain David J. Rumbould, artil
lery, recorder.
WASHINGTON. April 19.— The Postof
fice Department to-day announced: Post
offlce name changed : Washington—Equal
ity, Skagit County, to Bow. Postmasters
commissioned: California— George' G.
Radcliff,. IWatsonville. Washington—El
mer ;E. ,Heusted, i Bow. Appointed: .Cali
fornia—L.1J. Adams, Doble, San Bernar
dino ¦ Comity, .vice W. F. , Sechrest,: re
moved. Washington— A. T. Cayou, Deca
tur, San Juan County, vice A. H. Davis,
resigned; | M. G.. Root, Hayes, = Clarke
County, vice Axel Vester, resigned.
and Orders to the
Army.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ..:'..
6f the pacific' coast
. Meanwhile the Warner-Quinlan people
secured an order' from the lower court to
give them posession of the lake. At this
stage United States Minister Bowen
lodged a vigorous protest with the Vene
zuelan, Government against arbitrary
action of this kind, ¦ insisting that the
status as to the possession, of. the asphalt
lake should be maintained until the Su
preme Court had decided the' case.
It is against this- action that the War
ner-Qulnlan Syndicate protests.. Bowen
has been ¦ supplied by the ' State Depart
ment with a copy of' the. protest and has
been • requested to make a ¦ statement as
to what he has done. • ¦ . ' ¦ . -
. -i ¦--- ••;¦-.:• y.' •>•• .
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Warner-
Qulnlan Asphalt Syndicate has lodged
with the President a protest against what
they regard as the. unwarrantable inter
ference oi the United States Government
In the legal proceedings now in progress
in Venezuela between the two asphalt
companies, which Interference Is. alleged
to be in the Interest of the Bermudese
Company. ¦¦ .
As the facts are known to the State De
partment, the ; Warner-Quinlan Syndicate
obtained a victory in one of J the lower
Venezuelan courts over their opponent -in
the contest for the possession of La-Fe
licidad Asphalt Lake. The Bermudese
Company, oeing In possession, appealed to
the Venezuelan Supreme Court, before
which tribunal the case is now pending. -
Government Asked to Inquire
Into Minister Bowen's
Acts. ..
The bill then was passed. ; - . - '.i
The conference on the legislative appro
priation bill was agreed to. At 3:40 the
House adjourned. -
An amendment by Cushman of Wash
ington was agreed. to for the purchase of
the exclusive rights to the higrh explo
sive thorite and making available $50,003
of a former appropriation for this pur
pose. The bill brought out much discus
sion. In the course of which Taylor 'of
Ohio paid a high tribute to General Cro
zler, chief of the Bureau of Ordnance.
Cannon stated that ' if the Senate dealt
with the bill as Weeks -suggested 'the
House would In due time and in Its own
way deal with the amended bill. Can
non's remarks put the House in good
humor and brought the discussion back
to the fortification bill. «
"Our motive was to kill, that bill— that
is the plain English, of It," exclaimed
Weeks, "and we believe that it is killed,
and that if it ever comes back from the
Senate its friends will not be able to rec
ognize it." • - - -.-..¦ t
Replying to General Grosvenor, Weeks
of Michigan, one of those prominent In
opposition to the "Ways and Means Com
mittee, commented satirically upon Gros
venor's recent references to the young
and Inexperienced members. Telegrams of
congratulation had been pouring in to
day. Weeks said, from the Governor of
Michigan and from those high . in the
councils/of the Republican party on the'
success of the movement against the
reciprocity bill.* With this home support
behind them, he and his associates -did
not propose to have the "riot act" read
to them by the gentleman from Ohio or
any other leader. * -
Believe Bill Is Killed.
The Senate amendments to the addi
tional urgent deficiency bill were agreed
to and the bill now goes to the President
for his approval. Saturday, May 10, was
set aside to pay tribute to the memory
of the late Representative Polk of Penn
sylvania, i .
The House then took up the fortiflca
tions appropriation bllL- Hemenway,- in
charge of the bill, explained that it car
ried an appropriation of . $6,362,455, being
$801,556 less than the current law.
Grosvenor of Ohio took occasion to talk
on the action of the House yesterday on
the Cuban reciprocity bill. He said that
the differential on refined sugar had been
placed in the Dingley bill against the pro
test of the sugar trust and at the request
of the beet sugar producers. He said the
beet sugar men had overreached them
selves. In order to accomplish the humil
iation of . certain members of the House
they had not only struck off the differen
tial on sugar, but also the countervailing
duty on bounty-produced sugar. Refer
ring to what might occur in the Senate,
he said the action of the House by the
vote of the Democrats and the controlling
factor In the House (the beet sugar Re
publicans) had made.it impossible for the
Senate to remove the differential amend
ment. Any Senator who voted to strike
out the Morris amendment would be ac
cused of favoring the sugar trust
A bill was passed reserving from the
public lands in Oregon a public park for
the benefit of the people of the United
States and the protection and preserva
tion of the game, fish and timber and all
other national objects. • • 1
For a Park in Oregon.
Bills were passed providing for a monu
ment marking the site of the Fort Phil
Kearney massacre; establishing an addi
tional land office In Montana; regulating
the introduction of eggs and game birds
for propagation. Lacey stated that the
purpose of the last bill was to -authorize
the Secretary of Agriculture to fix regu
lations by which there would be no prop
agation of undesirable birds, such as Eng
lish sparrows, but that the propagation
would be confined to desirable game birds.
A bill providing for two additional As
sociate Justices in Oklahoma treated
a rather lively discussion on r the proviso
that the appointees shall be residents of
the Territory, for one year. •-•
Fleming of Georgia said the amend
ment was to prevent "carpet
bagging." . .
Delegate Flynn of Oklahoma declared.
In supporting the provision, that there
was the fullest confidence that the Presi
dent would respect the home-rule senti
ment. The bill was passed. ..'- - .
A resolution was agreed to for the pay
ment of the expenses incident to the Mc-
Kinley memorial exercises.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— There was a
buzz of excited comment on. the floor of
the House when the session began to-day,
and members gathered in groups to dis
cuss the stirring Incidents of the vote on
Cuban reciprocity last night. The subject
was not referred to In the opening pro
ceedings, however, except in Chairman
Payne's correcting the record of some of
the excited parliamentary sparring, and
then the House turned to routine busi
ness. ,.',..
Passes Bill Carrying an
Ample Appropria
tion.
RENEWS FIGHT
OVER ASPHALT
HOUSE FAVORS
FORTIFICATIONS
THE; SAN FRANCISCO GALL., SUKDAY, APRIL. 20, 1902.
26
Dry Goods Company,
WHITJE^CaODS^hEPT.
FINE WHITE FRENCH ORGANDIES, 65 inches wide, for
GRADUATING DRESSES; the "City of Paris" finish.
Prices ranging from 35c to $J.5O a yatd.
c P M1^nE^oim^iPRicEs m
. SPECIAL VALUES.
White "VICTORIA LAWNS WHITE DIMITIES EXTRA
—Prices JOc, J2#c J5cand VALUES— Prices J 5c, 20c
*>ru « *t*-a f - . and 25c a yard.
20cayard. / PURE SILK CANVAS
WHITE INDIA LINONS— PONGEE COLOR— Prices
Pr;ccs I2}4cfb 25c a yard. : from 85c to $J.OO a yard.
WASH COODS DEPARTMENT.
PLAIN COLORED. ETAMINE LINEN-Mhe latest for shirt
waists, in pink, b!t»c, ?reea and pongee; a yard . . * 40c
MERCERIZED FOULARD- in a newassortmentj a yard 3 5c
o — : : — - — ~ -i— — : ~ — q
SHEER AND HEAVY, REAL IRISH DIMITIES,
MADRAS for WAISTS j 200 pieces at yard
.. i ....... 25c { -...-. . ? • • 2 ?c
EMBROIDERED ETAMINES, PLUMETIS AND SWISSES
— Oar cwn impcrtations; confined styles; 44 inches
wid:; from 60c to $J,85 a yard.
CITY OF .PARiFBrY^GOOdT COMPANY,
Geary and StocHoa Streets, Union Square.
Mail and Express Orders Beeeive Immediatj Attention. .
SAN LUCAS. April 18.— A parlor of the Na-
tive Sons of the Golden West was organized
Iwere last night, with a charter roll of thlrty-
tliree members.
,_—-——_ _.,, ¦¦¦™v''™' B r
9^7 *\ \ wJ fr e r* e I
V A L^^ Jfr^Jjr sent to us by an |
f, \ \ ¦¦¦¦/'! / -? astern manu - I
i-\ \ \/ / l^/^Sv A^' ' facturer as sam- |
r "\ \ • \ifo^1/l * ¦yr m ~ />^' P^s to choose 1
V^^4u_M^ / i- *^'7*J rom n P* ac l n £ summer 9
) \ u JT^**^^ orders. Rather than pay j]
/ I' \ \ jT''^^ transportation charges in ij
N^y : \\^*^F'- decided to close them out fj
different styles, all the very §1
latest fashions— being samples they are particularly well j|
made and fit unusually well. Those pictured are only a few y
of the 50 different kinds; they are shown in Eton, blouse fj
and peplum jacket effects, made of cheviot, Venetian or II
broadcloth; in black, blue, brown, gray and tan — some ||
handsomely trimmed with moire, others with taffeta silk, |1
skirts made with the new serpentine flounce and with the 8
very best of lining. These suits are the production of some |j
of the best manufacturers in the world — nothing like them |J
has ever been shown in San- Francisco for less than $25. It if
is a wonderful: opportunity to. get a suit distinctively exclu- y
sive, particularly stylish, unusually well made and perfect fi
fitting, at a substantial saving — ready to-morrow at 8 a. m. I
$14.75 each, |
Our Creat $5.00 Dress Skirts- H
A special effort was made to Ktt the best $5.00 dress skfrt money m
could possibly buy — we believe we have succeeded — these come in a l|
variety of styles, all tailor-made, graduating or serpentine flounce ef- f .1
fects, some finished with rows of tailor stitching — others fancy trim- Ij
med with four rows of one-half inch bands of silk, extending tip either II
side— others trimmed with bands of silk and fancy buttons, lined with ig
nearsilk — these skirts are wonders _ at the price — they would be Rood f|
value at $7.50 — a great special while they last— strictly all wool 11
$5.OO each m
Walking Skirts- : ; h
Of all-wool mixed tweeds, in Rray and Oxford, perfectly tailored, par- g
ticularly well finished and an unusually well fitting skirt — made with 0
the new graduated flounce, nicely stitched — your size is here and it is ||
• just the skirt you need for summer — pretty with shirt waists^ — choose r'l
one while they last $4.25 each tj
A Sale of Ladies' Lisle Hose— |i
Fancy fast black lisle, in lace effects, also plain — an excellent quality, M
reduced from .isc^-the other day we had a sale of these and they went II
faster than any stocking special we have ever had. so come early M
.-...\ 23c pair 1
NEW ARRIVALS. |
Among the new arrivals are .some snake head mounted wrist |
bags, in all kinds of leather; fine for carrying purses, handkerchiefs, |
etc. — the mountings are decidedly novel— from 50c to..... $4.OO each I
We have also received some more of those hand-carved com- I
bination pocket-books— pretty to send to your Eastern friends^ — worth li
$1.50 — -our price, while they last OOc each n
A Handkerchief Special- N ~ - I
1600 ladies' fancy embroidered, scalloped handkerchiefs, with lace t|
edges and some embroidered and hemstitched go on slle to-morrow — |]
these are. sample lines and would be considered a good value at 25c— !j
to close them out we have cut the price to..... 15c each I]
P '"' '__|^Bmin||BMl|MM|J|||ULllllll«WlWllllllllMII ¦!¦!!¦ lilll n__ _iimii_i_ -Q8
ALL who are interested in the announcements
made by the Mergenthaler-Horton Basket
Machine Company are -advised that within a
week from this date full description of the pro-
grass made by 4he Company will be printed in this
newspaper.
Shares of its capital stock, now selling at
~50 CENTS A SHARE
(full paid and non-assessable); .,- ¦:¦¦;¦;,
will be advanced in priceito 6(V cents a share on
April 19th 6rV earlier. "
Subscriptions for, less than ; fifty shares are not accepted, and. the
right is reserved to reject any subscription. • ~
The reservinK-of th;s right is in theinterest of present shareholders
and owing to the probability of ; an .over-subscription of : ¦". the 50 cent .
allotment. _ ' : v ' ."
These shares will be rapidly; advanced to par and v beyond'^ as the
equipment of the Company progresses.- '.'¦ l • v
Checks for subscriptions " should be drawn to the order of
CHARLES ;R.' BARLOW; Treasurer. ¦
T H E M E R G EN KH A L E Rt- H OR TO N
BASKET MACHINE COM PA
507 Hearst Building,- - - San Francisco.
' ' - In September. 1896, I enlisted and wa»
E^jH^v placed -under Captain J. J. ' Keed. ; who
waa commander of the Olympla, th« boat
that Aamlrai De-wey csed later to »uch'
""^^S r Japan from April until October, 1897, and!
'jEml ~*i ' while there became ruptured, tha result'
JPyOTv of an accident, and waa aent from Yoko-
hama to Mars Island and discharged for
J$wn\r "*^VK X disability. In June. 1900. I received aa
is* » bSSl!*-*^ ' lV*^^>^ appointment as mall carrier, which poai-'
j^\klv jp- c • yWJrl/ tlon l Btm hold - ¦
raml " 'VP/tf On account of my ropturo I have been
=-x ftWL e m^^y precluded from again entering in tha
J^-^li^vOT^'V \UsSinw navy, and since becoming afflicted have
A\\\\ sought earnestly for a cure that would'
' £!^.ffS£$^v "wXM tSlllv' relieve me of this painful hindrance. My
f"^»v«£§»*-' %wi\i jWV^v - efforts were all in vain until about two
£» *<J»K^^iAVW\^/W#J^5k months ago. when I placed myself uxdcr :
* ¦K^^PSW S^JVW^W e car « ° f Vr. TFngk H. Wray of 26 Vi:
jr-fi^^Kr c CwAT'K^y Kearny street. San Francisco, who Is tha
* In v v , e^ to i" °i the . " F1^llty Rupture Cure. 1 *;
iJf^^^^rlS^C^inUwiVjJ which he has Introduced to the Medical
WwSfot I^V^ VzvjtBF Profession throughout the United States, 1
fflk W^Ml Xi— W&Sul and tTom vn at I have been able to learn/
cgg/TO^f* I '-T^J^SSif ' many thousands of people have been per-i
manently cured by its means. I found
WslmMtuMk 'a the treatment without pain, and followed
iBsIiImb^ f* rny re S u^ ar avocation, deliverlns mail in
Gu W&Buff f Oakland every day, and in six week3*>
ffifflk VS&Z&l tlm ® wa3 able to rem o v « my truss, and aa
try* BSBf'/j a teat * 1J * tc< * two men, whose combined
V^ffl&ft weight was 380 pounds, without being abla
wSS^tffi^i to Produce my Rupture, and I positively
ffli» fcls/2 believe that I am now stronger in that
iKi' wtistyl * slve tllla testimonial out of pur« gratl-
Kwfc K*^ * i j, h °P ln * that It may be instrumental
WT'mrS ***,,*?¥*!!** 5 thers who *"* similarly
W^ /tS^m amicted to a doctor who does exactly a-*
«£^(itfP!^k>. r agrees, and will not make a charga
KSSSw Kwt^Ja^k I until he perfects a cure that Is satisf ac-
jP2£$Di*cgff tory to the patient.
>B^^ " I will b© pleased to meet any sufferer
'irarnicnirir wtttii! —t who cares to Inquire about this. -treat*
ITREDURICK 1VILLB, "T xnent. or.will answer lettera r of Inquiry oa
Letter Carrier In OakUnd. \ tho subject. FREDERIC^ ¦WVOLE.
- • / *W Jackaon Str««t, Oakland
' ' ¦-. - J * «g3«.-*»iJ^^^^H
0. I JOSLEN
| The Leading Specialist
I For Fifteen Years at
I the Head of. His
I Profession.
I Live
|i Tes! I*IVE a life that ia worth
H Ux-lng! Live it fully. Others do—
B and why not you? You say you
li have little _hor>e left. You', have
|j tried to get cured, but have falle-l
All
Yes! AXIi men can be cured who
will act sensibly. "Weakness,"
"Varicocele," "Blood-polsoningr,"
"Stricture," and every other form
A of depleted manhood can be re-
l| stored quickly.
\\ "« J
j I UU1
|| Yes! YOUR health can be re-
H etored. Prematurenees, loss of
) x>vwer, and all kidney and bladder
li diseases readily give way to sen-
ii Bible treatment. I give you that.
I Years
\{ Yes! YEAES have been epent In
| j perfecting the necessary remedies
[I to make Ideal men out of weak-
S lings, but the fact Is an accom-
j pushed one at last. You get cured
f-j to stay cured.
I A Man
L* Tes! A ULAN once more— that Is
II what you can be. My treatment Is
El the result of years of study devoted
1 to men's diseases alone. My treat-
Si xnent cures permanently.
., m There is no charge whatever for.
1 1 consultation by mall or In person,
j j The whole of your correspondence
U returned to you on request. My
fl copyrighted pamphlet, "Live* All
fj Your Years a Man," gladly mailed
I to you. No curable case has > been
H presented in fifteen years on which
l| I have failed. j
| O. C. JOSLEN, H. D.,
I J049 Market Street,
If 8AN FRANCISCO.
g . Diagonally Opposite the Hibernla
fl Bank.
AJVEiRTISEMENTS. - 7 -
i il &£/ i H
I 1 I
Ifllakes Skins Lighter. Clearer, Purer M
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES 1
The clear, firm complexion of youth Eg
Is "cpaxed back" by Anita Cream.' ra
AppliSed at nicht and removed In u
tiie inornlns. thus imparting: the full F
benef ta of Its medicinal nature. He- i
move? Tan. Freckles, Muddlness, §
Pimples, Moth and Liver Spots. |
Directions with each jar. 50c of f
druggists or of us; prepaid. , |
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY 1
Los . Angeles, Cal. , ; |
Dr. humphreys' "77"
breakjs up Grip and Colds
that hang on and do not
yield I to .treatment— handy
to carry— 25 cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,-United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday ordered a dismissal of the case
of D. T>. Sn^th,.>-s^G-*\J£. Rumble and .the
Sunset Mlnlng-f'Cbinpany "on " motion"-* of
Gavin McNab.'-'counsel tor the plaintiff
the case having been settled out of court'
Sunset Mining Suit Dismissed.
Egyptian seeress, has removed to more
commodious, quarters in the Vendome,
1104 Market street, corner. of Turk, offices
9 arid 10, where she can be consulted daily
after to-day on all affairs of lite. Hours,
Ismar, tha "Wonderful
n-«. ISHOP CHARLES H. BRENT of
L^/ the Episcopal church ! of the
|~AV United States, who was elected to
, V^l/ the missionary diocese . of tho
' ; Philippines at the convention of
the House of Bishops held in this city In
October, 1901, arrived here- at an early
hour this morning on .the belated over
land train from, the East.
Bishop Brent was expected, to arrive at
4:30 p. m. yesterday and a number of his
friends waited for many hours at the
ferry depot and at the residence . of Mr.
and Mrs. James K. "Wilson, 3196 Paciflc
avenue, where the Bishop will be a guest
during his visit to San Francisco.
Despite the "late hour of the arrival of
the delayed overland train a cordial wel
come was given to Bishop Brent and he
Bishop Brent will preach this morning
in Grace Church, California and Stock
ton streets. He will remain in San Fran
cisco for two weeks and then return- to
New 'York, from which port he will sail
for the Philippine Islands about May 17
with Governor Taft. /
; Bishop Brent, who is unmarried, is a
; native of Canada and is not yet 40 years
of age. He was educated in private
schools and' at Oxford' University, Eng
land, where he attained high honors. For
.the last ten years he has been rector of
St. Stephen's Church, Boston, Mass.. one
of the city's most prominent churches.
He became Known there as a finished ora
'tor. -
<: was driven to the hqm» of his hostsini
mediately after the arrival of the specif
ferry-boat that brought the tired travel
er from the Oakland mole. .
CHICAGO, April 19.— The jury In the
case of Louis Toombs, on ' trial for the
murder of Anna Larson onboard the
steamer Peerless on the night of Decem
ber 31, 1901, to-night brought In a' verdict
o,f murder in the first degree, and Toombs
was sentenced to be hanged. Toombs waa
in charge of the steamer Peerless while
It lay in winter quarters and advertised
for a cook. 'Annie Larson applied for the
position, and on the first night, that she
spent on the boat he choked her to death
and after treating-* the corpse in' an In
describable manner, threw it into the
Chicago River. - ¦-¦ ;• • ¦
Must Hang for a Murder.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale 2000 pairs ' ladies' and men's colonial
ties and fine shoes for $1.65. This is the
balance of the Gilbert stock, and -worth
from $3.50 to $6.00 a pair. 324 Kearny st. *
Last Week of the Sale.
SPOKANE?; April J9.-The sensational
legal battle between the United -States
Marble Company and the Colonial' Marble
Company, involving claims amounting to
$225,000, ended to-day in the withdrawal of
all suits. The fight started 1 ' in a suit
brought , by the United States Company
to recover $100,000 damages from the Co
lonial, it being- claimed the latter had
used pictures of the former's quarries,
representing them as pictures of its own
quarries. Counter suits charging
were ¦ brought by the Colonial • ¦' and
by* Garret R. Williams, asking for $125,000
damages. In the settlement :the- United
States Company withdraws all charges
of fraud and misrepresentation, declaring
Itself satisfied that they were unfounded.
Corporations .End Legal Fight.
A description of the strange man who
tacked down the tiny wooden rails has
been obtained and an -effort will be made
to j identify him among, visitors who
stopped at local hotels recently. •• It is be
lieved a scheme smacking of fraud, may
have "been thwarted by the .'timely 1 dis
covery.. ' . . . N . . ..
REDDING, April." 19.— Reddlngitcs are
still deeply. interested in the : mystery of
the miniature railway and train found In
the woods on the opposite-side of the Sac-,
ramento by a surveying party. - It is now
clear that the fifty-two feet of track was
laid by a strange man, who »visfted : : the
spot •¦ in a buggy, accompanied .by . a
wciran, and' that, after, setting upthe
little train of cars he disappeared' and
was not seen in the neighborhood again.
To-day newspaper, men went to the spot
indicated by the discoverers, found the
tracK and train and brought the whole
"system" to/town in a-wagqn. "". '• ,* > -:•
The locomotive and cars give evidence
of mechanical ingenuity. A trained ma
chinist carried out all the delicate lines in
building the train.' ; •
The opinion grows, that this miniature
was placed to lend justification to circu
lars addressed to . prospective buyers of
stock In the proposed eruss-country rail
way, declaring -that the ttrst piece of .road
was* completed, just as unscrupulous men
have taken up land by swearing they had
built a cabin ten by twenty, wnen it was
ten by twenty inches, . and taking up
swamp land, which they swore .they had
gene over in a boat, when in reaUty*"the
beat was on wheels. : -
Special Dispatch to The CalK
Search Is Now Eeing Made
for the "Prom oter" of \ \
the Road & ]
Reddingites View Mini
ature "System" Found ¦
in the.^dods/ - ;
RigJpRev. Charles H.' BrenJ Will TakeGharge of
Far-Off Missionary Field; This. Summer, )
WAGON HOLDS
ENTIRE RAILWAY
BISHOP OF PHILIPPINES
ARRIVES ON LATE TRAIN
MOXTERET, April lSi^Travel over this sec
tion of the coast di visiah "of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad ie heavier now thaji..at any time
elnce the coast road "was opened ;and nearly all
the passenger trains arc running ifi two sec
tions. The extraordinary increase in' travel
Is caused by the large -numbers; of -.Eastern
tourists who are coming north from .Southern
California' . "• - ; - ¦- *••' -.- . •: -, -..\-'.J -•-..•>- .. .-.»
SAN JOSE,,:At)rll 19.— MrS. . Ljilu M.
Beebe, about • whose demise , . there were
many suspicious circumstances, died of
meningitis, an affection of the, brain. This
was testified to at 1 ', the; Coroner's inquest
to-day by the doctors t who •< made the
autopsy, and the jury rendered a verdict
exonerating Henry D; Beebe,- the husband,
from any suspicion. ,; It that
Mrs. Beebe was mentally ¦. i unsound . at
times and during these, periods she would
declare that her husband had . threatened
her life.- - -¦¦¦.. ,-
Jury Exonerate s HtLsband.
TACOMA, April 19.— Millions of worms
that are eating up the dense forests along
the Wishkah River,, in 'the Grays Harbor
country, will force,- '¦ the , Weyerhaeuser
Timber Company to at once cut 150,000,000
feet of Its timber holding. This is the
only roglon in the State, affected by the
ravages of the worms, though Oregon has
a similar district. .Ten r years ago the
timber was as good as any in the North
west, but two-thirds of it is already dam
aged, most of it. having been killed, and
within a few. years there will" be little left
worth cutting. '-• . • ; ; \
The company' has. not yet definitely de
cided whether it will log, on' its own ac
count or let the Job by contract. to some
of the regular. Grays' Harbor loggers, but
it is probable- that the latter, course will
be followed:*- .This will necessarily throw
a large quantify .of- lumber -on. the, mar
ket and . may ' result In v dragging - down
prices. "¦'•.'¦¦;-. I'' -¦; ;';'•' " .V: \
Must Be Cut at Once to Prevent
Total Loss.
Timber in '-Grays Harbor. District
WORMS DESTROYING'
THE \MIGirr Yt FORESTS
: REDDING, April 19.— The prospect that
Mrs. Eli F. Dack, wife of a special po
liceman of this city, will actually come
Into an inheritance of one-fifth of $9,000,
000 grows brighter every day. Mrs. Dack
will leave within a week upon a journey
from which she hopes to return with doc
uments showing that the vast sum is in
bank in her name. ,_„. .
Mrs. Dack is one of the five children of
George- Emrick of Portland. Emrick and
his brother, as reported ii^The Call some
time ago. Inherit for themselves and their
living heirs $9,000,000 each from the estato
of their father, a who was a Berlin f ur
rier • and one time a-'partner of John
Jacob Astor. George.., Emrick's brother
has already got his share. ;
A quiet little woman slipped into Red
ding several days ago,' and as quietly de
parted yesterday. She is a cousin of Mrs.
Dack and came from Kansas on business
connected .with, the big estate, of which
her father had. received hjs portion. Un
der the German law it is provided ' that
the children of the two brothers shall in
herit equally with* them, and not wait un
til their death. Mrs. Dack's cousin ex
pects her share very soon. In the light
of the information brought- by- her rela
tive and by letters Just received Mrs.
Dack has come to believe that her s inher
ltance. can be reached at once. She will
leave in a few days" with her young son
for Portland. There she will be joined. by
her father, George Emrick, and.her.at
torney. They will proceed • to Michigan
to Join other relatives, . and the. entire
party will go to Buffalo, N. Y., ' where
they expect to meet -agents from Ger
many who will put them into possession
of their wealth. ; ' • -.
Pi-vision of Relative's Estate
ia Germany.
ULrs. Back of Redding Expects Early
SOON TO KECEIVE HER
SHARE OF THE IIUXIONS
" XAPA April 19.— In an interview -with
The Call correspondent this afternoon, J;
S. Taylor told of the efforts that are be
ing made to bring the Stato fair from
Sacramento to Napa. ¦ Taylor said that
when in San Francisco a few days ago he
heard of the proposed removal of the
State fair grounds. from Sacramento td
some other county in the State. He com
municated with President A. B. Spreckels
and Secretary Jackson of the State Board
of Agriculture- relative to this report and
asked these officials If they would enter
tain an offer from Napa. They answered
in the affirmative. Taylor placed the
proposition . before the Napa Board of
Trade, stating that the State Board
would want 200 acres of land, two tracks,
for running and the other for har
ness horses— a grand stand, stalls, etc.
After a discussion, the Board of Trade
decided that President E. H. Winship
should confer with President Spreckels
and rtport later. ¦¦' ¦ .: • _ ; : v > ¦-•- - ~
The sum of $75,000 will have to be raised
and offered to the State Board of Agricul
ture-in order to get the fair, for Napa.
Taylor is a director of the. Napa fair dis
trict and wants to see the State fair lo-.
eated here. Where Napa' si present track
is located there are 160 acres which are
admirably 6ltuated for State agricultural
grounds. • ¦* • <•
Taylor will lay the proposition before
the Napa fair directors when the board
organizes. President Winship of the
Board of Trade looks with favor on the
proposition. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Napa's Board of Trade
Takes Up Taylor's -j
Project.
HOPES TO GET
THE STATE FAIR
"The recent United States census re
veals a great deficiency of females in
your State, as compared to males, and a
great excess of the same in the East. Thia
unequal distribution of the. sexes; consti
tutes a social evil, at both ends of the|
country— a great obstacle to the develop
ment and prosperity of the West, whilo
In the East there is a congestion of wor
thy, handsome young women, wearing
out their lives In factories at low wages; ,
who as housewives, a position for which i
they are b&tter fitted and naturally des-
tined, would add to the happiness of men;
"To remedy this odd situation the Jour-
nal Company has undertaken to publish
a book album, in which will be printed
photographs and particulars of all men in
your State willing to marry Eastern la
dies who can offer them homes. This
bcok is to circulate in the East, so that
ladles Intent on matrimony may makq
themselves known to Western gentlemen
by correspondence. Very numerous are
the spinsters and young widows of varli
ous classes, with or without means, whd
for a good husband will go anywhere in.
the United States.". i
STOCKTON. April 19— Mayor Catts of,
this city has received the following re-j
markable communication from Dr. Gus
tav H. Michel of Cleveland, Ohio:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hopes to Better Equalize the
Distribution of the
Dr. Michel of Cleve
land Has a Novel
Project.
EASTERN WIVES
FOR NATIVE SONS
THE SAN FE A>dSCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL ,20, \1902,
FIRST BISHOP OF EPISCOPAL
CHURCH APPOINTED -TO
DISTRICT OF PHILIPPINES.
27
OCEA1T TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' £L Steamers leave Broadway
W*fc£^ Wharf, San Frajiclsco:
M^^^it For Ketchikan. Juneau,
BBtjfr_3Wk_ Ekagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
gBTfcfeJ^a m.. April 16. 21. 26, May 1.
t'H&Sc'J Vil Change to company's stearn-
i faSCKC^i ers at Seattle.
F'*mBg8sgSL For Victoria, Vancouver. .
"¦•¦'l-^BpHB Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
•.- **'"^^ coma Everett, New What-
com— 11 a, m.. April 16, 21. 26. May 1. Chanxa
at Seattle to this company's steamers for .
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
t % N :r P E u R reVa a^m b °o I fd V t er iay^-r:3u ty p. »..
$£ (vfa 8y p|rt Lo« , Angele. and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Spo-
kane, Sundays, 9 a. m. .
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m.
'For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Obispo
(via Part Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crux only). :.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. AprU 12. 20. 28, May «.
Santa Crua, 9 a. m. (freight only), April 16.
04 ¦ ¦ - • ¦ : j ¦- . . . \
" For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month..;-
For further information, obtain folder.
RI(tht is reserved to change steamers or sail-.
10 TICKET rvFTT.CE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ¦' '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' FOR —
; LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR , ...«.-,...JTTNE 1
VALENCIA .' .' JUNE 1
And fortnisfhtly thereafter during the- season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Kom* I
: folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New ' Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. •'
o:r.& n. ca
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
.PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
ijOWXiST or~a.t:e:s.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Msoli.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. ..April 13. 23. May 3. J
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.......; .April 8, 18. 28. May 8
' Steamer nails from foot of Spear st.. 11 ¦&. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.3. BV
C0MPAQNI2 GZ5ZBALS T2AN3ATLANTIQCS. -
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of XntfiSSt
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, m^m&m
North River, foot of Morton street.
¦ First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York.' J^ 1 "- FUGAZI & CO., Padflo Coast*
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
- AMKHICAX-LI5E.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Philad«l.,May T. 10 anvSt. Louis.May 21. 10 am '
St. Paul.. May 14. 10am PhlladeL.May 23.10 am
• ¦"• RED ; STAR LIXE.
' NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARI3.
FrlesIand..May 7. noon jVaderland. May 21. neon
Southwrk.May 14. roon|Pennland..May 2S. noon;;
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..:'"."
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y at. 1
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBa
FOR U. S. NAYY X YARD AND VALLEJ3,
Stcamers.GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 k. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30. noon, 8\ p. ,m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. . Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BR0S.W - •
" . . : ADVEBTISEMENTS. , . \
TO THE PUBLIC.
" ~ JiUlL— .' ' I have " bean - wonder-
* dS&xfS&S^ " 'oily cured of flU and of
HPVH9 hip trouble by the (a-
W3& • v ' nous herb doctor. Wong
«5&c: F Him. of 110-117 Mason
9/p 1 • *t-. S. V. I waa nearly
i«j«to 1 . dead when I came to
«3tf5» / tln> and the fits I had
J^K»»X^ were dreadful, but I ana
yja*>«i»v' w^v enjoying perfect health
n° w - l can tel1 aa y ona
wM™* o£ tne '"• | - nderful c 111 " 6 *
•5aSs5!RErai^^ he has made for me.
I came from Meridian, Sutter. County. Cal.. to
Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all my
ailment*. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTY.
Msrldlan. Butter CountV. Cat
January 21, 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 0. IWO.—To whom
It may concern: This U to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason St.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of- kidney trouble and
rheumatism. . and I am happy to roaka . thl*
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly hones:
in every sense of the -word, and an honorabl*
man in all his dealings. DR. C. A. OAT.
Dentist, 902 Second aye;, Seattle, Wash.
December 15, 1900.— Thli is to certify that 1
waa suffering for fifteen years from Bright' s
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
tide. I tried a number of doctors and vartouj
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. "Wong Him of
115-117 ' Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of hla treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write thia In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
tufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence. . !
« ,-. MRS. JOHN AL.LANSON.
Orchard are.. Elmhurst. Alameda County. Cal.
OCEAN- TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WIt.tr LEAVE WHARF. • COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sklling. ' '
SS.' NIPPON MARU .....Friday, May Oth. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU. ..'.;..: .........
. ,.......:..' : Wednesday, June 4th. 1902
SS. HONGKONG 'MARU. ;
........Saturday. June 2Sth. 1902
Round-trip • tickets at . reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market: street, corner First -
i ..:. y W.H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Amsricana de Yapores
To •Valparaiso,', stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American porfs. . Sailing from How-.
ard'3, pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA. '.May 10ICOLOMBIA June 21
PALENA. May 31ITUCAPEL. ....July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger ' service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) - Freight
end passenger office. 310 California, street. -
BAL.FOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
IBirdSRISL^ 7I.O9. ZeAlJlJIO an SYDNEY
SS SONOMA, for. Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-" .• ;'
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. May 1. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA,; for. Tahiti.... ,".-.:.
• . .;..: '....; Sunday, May 4, 10 a. .m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu..: -•
; '....Saturday, .' May 10, .2 p.'m.
J. D. SPECKELS k BS0S.CO., Geurai A0L, 329 Marfel
Gei'l Pass. Oflcftvffi MarKet SL, Pier So. 7. Paciflc SL
PANAMA R-R.^r
TO KEW : YORK VIA ] PANAMA DIRECT/
',. Cabin. $103; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. L S. Argyll- ..^.SailsThursday. May" 1
S. S. Lcelanaw.. Sails Saturday. May IO
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and : Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
«-.--¦¦'• F." lr F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
Jl\\JSlEa* Steel Steamship
ROAN OK E
Sails from Seattle about /...'. .'::: .*...;'. June 1st
¦¦ ¦ San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle. — : -'" ' ..••.,'
- Apply UNION IICKET OFFICE, Agent*,- : .
,C30 Market St-,-S. F. ' .
DOES POTASH AND i^ffiffl^Vli \1|
MERCURY CURE IT? :; - nH^f 111 r -- 1 jjH
Experience says not, and thousands whose health V I. U\| \ 'uM ILfflt
has "been ruined by the use of these poisonous minerals, l^^^^^^^^^i/ \|i\ \'ijj) yfMi
stand ' ready to testify that, while Mercury and Potash I^^^^SwW^ ''v/9'-jA^M^S'
may mask the disease— drive it from the outside for a J^^^^^^;^^^^^^^^^
time, it comes back with renewed '".virulence as soon as P^*^™^' "^^»=^E|pg^
these drugs are left off, and thus ; the fight between. Contagious '"Blood Poison and Mercury
and Potash is protracted for months, and even years, resulting in down constitution,,
spongy and tender gums, excessive salivation, decayed teeth, pains" in the stomach, nausea,"'
ruined digestion, nervous dyspepsiaj dizziness, and other distressing symptoms # which always
follow the use of these poisons.
They mask the hideous form of this serpent-like disease, but the deadly virus still
hides in the system. There is an antidote for : ; > . : "
this awful poison; a reliable, certain arid perm'a- A- COMMON EXPERIENCE.
nentCUre^forContagioUS^ Blood: .Pblsoi — and", ,' Abou t taree years ago I had a severe case of Con:'
that remedy IS S. S. S.- — the. greatest pf all % tagious Blood .Poison, and tried doctors without benefitV
blood purifiers, and an experience of fifty years so I concluded to go to Hot Springs. After remaining
has proven it tO be a true Specific for this vilest there some time the sores and eruptions left and appa-
Of all human diseases, which not Only threatens the disease was cured, and I. left for home. In.
i-1 * 1VC ' c' j.1. a. l' • •' «i V / •" i ' about. three months after leaving the Springs the trouble
the life Of the One Contracting it, but IS trans- came backworee than ever. Ihtd often heard of S.S.S.,
mitted. tO posterity With more Certainty than andwrote'foropur book.. At that time I was unable to
Cancer Or Consumption. • ~ work and had lost flesh until I did not look like the same
Why Continue the Mercury and ; Potash person. I began taking S. S. S. soon after I heard from
treatment, when by so 'doing you only complicate " 3?"- a " d in a . short time found Ws$ fe? joy that every;
4.1 j:~' „ "L A i.\. iS j -i/i - - i-L sign of the disease was gone, and I had gamed 32 pounds.
the disease, burden ; the - blood , with : another 1 weigh - Io pounds b more tH an \ ev e r did.
poison,' m time producing Mercurial. Rheuma- ; Tiptonviiie, Tenn. : iS^ g..f. gusson. |
tism, Sores, aud a long train of evil consequences. -' * ''.'^y^'r
S. S. S. being purely vegetable, leaves no bad after-effects, but invigorates the whole
system while cleansing'the blood of the virus. S.'S: S. is the only. known antidote for, Con-;
tagious Blood Poison — .the "only 'medicine 'that 'is able to unmask this venomous reptile and,
drive it out of' the blood. It has rescued thousands from the clutches of : . this horrible .malady,' >
' aa^^ Jt fSmm **tim sami^tf a^ ter Mercury, Pot^h, Hot Springs and everything else^
a^"^^ »^^^3 had failed to cure, and it will do as much for you. The : :
IL^^^lj V^^aT/ V^^ij^^ ea that Contagious Blood Poison, is incurable, or 'must;
run itscourse in spiteof 'all human efforts to stop it, is the
B^£_]^'j J^J J ||^^r^ j veriest nonsense. ;-_.;S. S. S. does, cuf ei it radically and per-,
y^^Ztff'' 1^ '" C^rff^ : manen^yj removing all traces 'of the original disease from
-'. ; . l i IIIBIIi r!; ; ' the blood and : as well as the evil effects of; the:
Mercury, and Potash. If you are a victim of - Contagious Blood Poison; no matter what may;
be your present condition, whether, the disease has just started, or has reached a more?
dangerous stage^ begin <S. S. ' S. and a thorough and lasting^ cure ; is an absolute " certainty.
: . -To every one desiring 'to; know more of t^
a copy of our'book, which explains in simple language? the 'different forms, v. stages and-
symptoms of vContagious , B Jbod Poison.'; You' can "consult our Physicians "at any time and "as*
often as you please about your ? - condition 1 , without chafge.' ; v Write? them T'a rhistofy^bf your ;
case^ and receive helpful that will en able you to treat yo^u^^^
poridence. is 'conducted in ;the "strictest^confidence.;: ' ' • '
• ; -. \;THE;^^FT;^PECIO
APVEBTIS-ftTVrENTS.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COM-
PANY GUTS PRICES ON
HIGHEST GRADE
PIANOS.
Choice S650 Styles Now $438.
Ordinary $250 Kinds, Also
Brand New and Warranted,
SI37 — Elegant S350 Pianos
$218, etc.— Easy Payments.
Look Into This.
The great introductory piano sale of.
Pommer-Ellers Music Company Is now in
lull swing.
It is safe to say that more pianos have
been sold In San Frajiclsco and vicinity
during the past ten days than have been
sold in any three -weeks heretofore.
Everybody is now buying a fine piano-
millionaire, merchant and mechanic— and
there are several customers who have
purchased two pianos of us during this
sale. . .
The most costly upright and &rana
pianos ever seen In the "West are now dis-
played at Pommer-Eilers' retail sales-
rooms, a»d many are being snapped up
each day by eager buyers, who know a
bargain when they see it.
Pianos that were heretofore «old for
J650 and $700 by other dealers who previ-
ously held the agency can now be ob-
tained at Pommer-Eilers Music Company
for $457. $1S6 and $438. There are no finer
or better pianos in San Francisco than
these. Nor is it necessary to pay all cash
down. No additional charge, except sim-
ple interest, is made when easy monthly
payments are desired.
T1S WELL TO REMEMBER.
Remember, too, that during this sale
we will sell you a better and in every way
mere serviceable piano for 5127 than can
be secured elsewhere for even $200-brand
new and fully warranted pianos. And
for $186, on payment of *6 down and 56 a
month, we will sell you a more superior
and in ever>' way more desirable piano
than any old-time dealers in their slow
n-ay can afford to let you have for $325.
This is not mere idle talk, but a fact
that Is being proven to dozens of callers
at our retail salesrooms each day.
DISGRUNTLED DEALERS.
Of course it is only natural for dealers
v. ho cannot openly compete with Pom-
mer-Eilers Music Company to cast slurs
at our instruments and to endeavor to
belittle their value. We cannot expect
them to speak a good word for our goods
when they have pianos of their own to
E ell. for which on account of circum-
stances they must ask bigger retail
prices although their pianos are not in-
trinsically worth any more than ours.
One little concern, not having sufficient
knowledge of modern merchandising facil-
ities nor sufficient capital to buy Instru-
ments at wholesale at anywhere near
right prices, even goes so far in its re-
cent advertisement as to refer to "moss-
back ( webfoot) dealers, who would prop-
erlv 'soak' a customer. ' Digmnea lan-
cuaee i«=n't it? It is undoubtedly meant
5? a reference to us and to convey the
impression that we would overcharge our
customers. '. ' ' ! - '
A WORD TO THE "WISE."
Of course our success here is apt to
turn the heads of little, idle dealers green
with envy- But he should remember that
his so-called best piano, for which he is
asking the public to pay him something
like $.t50. Is sold by our "webfoot" con-
cern for $386. It costs not to exceed $o
freight to bring one of these pianos from
the north to San Francisco.
A word to the "wise," therefore, Is suf-
ficient.
A FEW MORE PRICES.
The piano that we offer now for $327 has
never heretofore been sold for. less than
$500 and even to-day, when every other
piano selling concern Is apparently mak-
ing numerous concessions in order to
compete with Pommer-Eilers Music Com-
panv. you will find that such 1 quality and
Btvle cannot be obtained elsewhere for
less than $500. This indicates that Pom-
mer-Eilers Music Company can save you
enough money in the purchase of a piano
to fairly educate the entire family In
Do not fail to s«e these very latest style,
strictly dependable and fully warranted
regular $400 pianos that are now going for
$237; $17 down and $8 a month buys them.
Nearly two carloads to choose from.
organs-^church; and par-
lor ORGANS.
Remember, we are • headquarters for
reed and pipe organs, chapel organs, large
and smalC large two manual pipe organs
for churches and cathedrals, tiny little
folding organs for missionaries and camp-
ine jMsrties. beautiful walnut and oak
cased Kimball and other makes of parlor
organs.
See the fine new reed organs we are
now selling for $58-58 down and U f a
month. Other styles also brand new for
IS r and $45 up to $11S for the fanciest ex-
hibition style solid walnut cased parlor
organ ever shown In the city.
Mail orders will receive our most prompt
and careful attention. . Send for large Il-
lustrated catalogues free for the asking.
femmer-Eifers Music Company largest
end leading Western dealers, 6o3 Market
street, opposite Lotta Fountain. ; :
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
In j Lad j Can do it at Home— Costs
UTothingr to Try.' r .
A Hvtutehn Oaorrvrj which «*u be pi-rro In U*.
•ofiee or food. HeartllT endoried by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance worker*, ft (low ltd work *> ellently and
pir<i:y that while the <JeTot«d wife. «I»ter or daugrhter
look* on. tae drankart 1» reclaimed eren against hi* will
and without his knowlediro. BeD«l y<mrnameandaddre«a
ftoDr. J. W. Iitinrs, S>49 Glenn £Mt:., Cincinnati, O.. and
fc« oillmll a trlaJ package of Golden Spodflc free to
Chow how -»«<*y it it. to cure aru a t » rds with this remedy. '
Full-sized boxes of -Golden Specific" are for
rale in ban Kranqisco by J. R. Gates . & Co.,
417 Sansotse et. '
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fHUSEUi OF ANATOHY<>
6 . ¦ Rb XZUUlZZZCS.Ui.t'JLkTS.Z.T.UL ,
\ !^f The Largest AnitomioU Museum In the
B WorId - weaknestes or any contracted t ¦
A flMg/A DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF KEN /
\ f&A^n Coamltation free and itrietly printe.
f t JaiZU T'**" 11 '" personally or b r letter. A I ¦
f fl W «J| ¦ fotUtut Cu»-« in ererycate undertaken. .' .
a ma \\ A ' v > : *- e {nr Bo « k . PBii<o«oray *r ,
" ' fl I~ »*"«»ACE. MAtLES FREE. (aI 1
A v» «• ralu * b ' e DO0K to * <nrn)
V MJOSUA.Vft CO.. 1051 Marfcet Kt.S. P. < '
Rad way's
Pills
Purejy vegetable, xnild and reliable. Causes
perfect . digestion, complete absorption - . and
fecalthful regularity. ¦ - • • • - ' ? -?-~ .
Fcr the cure of all <Sleordera of the Btomach.
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, . Female ¦ Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and ail derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. , 26c a box.. At Druggists, or
*>y jrall. I'.AUWAT i CO.. New Tork.
; _ _ V * AJVEBTISEMENT3. ' '
OCSC©e©QOGS90©QC0000©i90©e©000C00900OO000000t
I STIRLING FURMTURE
I $2.25 For This PRETTY ROMAN CHAIR
0 -The broad seats (19x22 inches) are made of REAL'
% MAHOGANY with an inlaid line of light colored wood
• around the edge. Picture gives you a very good idea of the
© We show some with cushions— pretty silk cushions tied
• at the- corners with cord and tassels, but it seems a shame to
2 cover the pretty wood and rich polish.
© No mail orders^accepted as the supply, is only equal to a
• few days' selling. :pj<
I SHIRT WAIST BOXES $2.50.
J Made of cedar wood and upholstered with pretty den-
• ims, fancy brass hinges and handles.
e Quite an assortment of sizes, and no twoare.'uphol-
1 © stered alike. The smallest ones are 14x24 inches.
I EVERYTHING FOR THE HOMFi
O Pictures, lamps, statuary— everything to make your
% home pretty and comfortable and bright) Some interesting
5 prices on framed pictures this week — Look in the red
• window. :
I STEMJNG FVRNITUBE
I LOjMlPAJMY.
if 1039 MarKet St., Opposite McAllisterNEW COMPANY INCORPORATES.— The
North Coast Development I Company was In
corporated yesterday with a capital 'stock of
S20C.000. The directors, each of whom has
subscribed $100, • are . C. L. - Tllden. J. A-
Marsh, W. H. Payson. H. F. Peart, J .T.
Nourse. J. O. Allen and N. Faucher.
Try the Cafe Zlnkand for lunch. Good
meats well cooked, well* served.-' 1 * •
The members of the general committee
are confronted with figures from all sec
tions which make them begin to realize
that they were too conservative when
they made the statement that at least
50,000 people would accompany the repre
sentatives to the convention city. They
believe at this time that the number will
be nearer 75,000. The supreme representa
tive of the State of New Jersey states
that he will come out with 150 Knights and
a large number of their relatives and
friends. The Grand Lodge of Maine has
officially taken charge of the matter of
sending Knights to this city, and is now
making arrangements to that end. The
assurance is that there will be a larg$>
representation from that section of the
country, vr' .'¦¦'¦-..¦ ' ¦¦ ¦ . ¦• ¦ • ¦•¦ = ¦•' . . > -
The Imperial Council of the D. O. K. K.,
which is to the order of Knights what the
Shriners are to the Masonic fraternity,
will meet here at the same .time as the
other bodies. The local branch of the de
gree will open headquarters at the Palace
Hotel and entertain the imperial repre
sentatives in imperial style, and will have
an imperial night for the purpose of tak
ing a number of pilgrims into the pres
ence of the great moguls.
The temples of the Rathbone Sisters,
the ladies' auxiliary of the Knights, of
this city and across the bay will tender
a reception to the members of the Su
preme Temple of that branch of the or
der, and they will do something along the
line of entertaining the ladies of visiting
Knights who are not members of the Su
preme Temple.
The Supervisors still have under consid
eration the request for the use of Union
Square upon which to place the county
exhibits that will be sent here to adver
tise the State. For such exhibits Fresno
has subscribed $1500, Solano $1000 and Tu
lare $350. The latter sum has been doubled
by contributions of the Pythian lodges of
the county.
The people of Oakland want the Uni
form Rank, which it is expected will be
10,000 strong,' to cross the bay and parade
there one . day during -the stay of the
Knights in this city.
The third regiment of the Uniform
Rank of the domain of California will
come to this city from the lower part of
the State several hundred strong and
bring its 1 military band.
'It has been discovered; that in the past
when a large number of strangers have
come to this city they have been allowed
to simply roam about and . gather such
information as was possible for them to
obtain by inquiry. It has been suggested
that the local lodges select a numoer of
members who shall each be assigned a
group of fifty to take around to points of
interest and explain as they go along, so
that they may have a complete knowledge
of the city when they leave..
Yesterday the committee was consider
ing'plans for illuminating Market street
that have been submitted by several elec
tricians, but as yet none has been adopt
ed. Many novel ideas have been pre
sented.
The work of planning for the reception
and entertainment of the Knights of
Pythias, the Uniform Rank of the order,
the Rathbone Sisters and the D. O. K. K.
is still going on, and many suggestions
are being considered by the general com
mittee.
Preparations to Entertain and
Enlighten the Many
Strangers.
Entertainment at Central Church.
Miss E. Macomber, daughter of Chap
lain Macomber, U. S. A., gave an elocu
tion recital before a large and enthusi
astic audience last night at the Central
M. E. Church. The entertainment was
eiven under the direction of Fred N. Mor
«um for the benefit of the Chirstlan En
deavor Society.
Amateur and professional photographers
as well as photographic dealers should
isend for our SO-page catalogue, mailed
free. Hirsch & Kaiser, 7 Kearny st., San
Francisco. •
Favors a Balustrade.
The Board of Works has recommended
to the .Supervisors that a railing, or bal
ustrade, be constructed on the second
story of the rotunda of the City Hall at
Bekins Van and Storage Co. Packing, mov
ing and shipping at lowect rates. C30 Market.- •
Probable Number of Vis
itors Under estimated
by Committee.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
MISCALCULATE
The United Gas and Electric Company's
directors are: C. E. Green, W. Gregg Jr.,
C. H. Pennoyer. C. O.- Poole and J. E.
Green. They are the capitalists who com
prise the Peninsula Lighting Company,
and with the passing of the San Jose
plants into their hands they will own
every plant on the west side of the bav
between this city and San Francisco, ex
cept at Santa Clara, where the lighting
The -wires of the Standard Company
from Blue Lakes come to San Jose and
the city, will be made a distributing point
for the counties south and west of here.
A line Is to be built to Gllroy at once and
the electric power will then be extended
to Santa Cruz and Monterey.
Each of these concerns Is incorporated
at $1,000,000. The Light and Power Com
pany is an old corporation, while its rival,
which has absorbed the major portion of
the business, --has been operating but
twelve years. The Electric Improvement
Company is \ the agent for the Standard
Electric Company and handles its power.
By purchasing it the new owners will
come Into contracts with all "the electric
railway companies for supplying' power,
together with a railway ' to Campbell and
much business from pumping plants.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— This city is to be
made the distributing center of electric
power for adjoining counties by the
United Gas and Electric Company, a cor
poration recently organized in San Fran
cisco, with a* capital of. $2,500,000. This
concern has procured ' options " on the
plants of the/Electric Improvement Com
pany and the LJght and Power Company,
the electric and gas ' companies of | this
city, and their sale is a certainty. Nearly
$1,000,000 is involved, about $600,000 of which
will go to the Electric Improvement Com
pany. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rival San Jose Con
cerns Will Sell to
. Syndicate.
ELECTRIC PLANTS
TO CHANGE HANDS
Trapper's OH cures' rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists," 6Oc flask. * Richard & Co.,' 406 Clay.
Thomas L/. , Boone, a. clerk S residing In
Berkeley, filed a petition' In -Insolvency
yesterday ; in .the United ¦ States .District
Court.. He owes $55,347 20 and has no as
sets. .About $51,000 of the debts are due
to merchants in Paducah, Ky..'; St. Louis,
Mo.,' and Philadelphia. 3 Pa. The remain
ing creditors reside In Berkeley. Of these
the largest is A. B. Schlenker, who holds
a promissory note for $3700, money loaned.'
Berkeley; Clerk. Insolvent. C
When the item increasing Superinten
dent of Streets Heath's salary from $200. to
$250 per month was reached/ Brandensteln
again . Inr.ulred , whether it would .not be
well to combine some of the bureauj, but
Manson again thought otherwise. The In
vestigation will be resumed , next ' week. .
Salaries. $RR.253 15; . wag*s, $87,354 S3;
training, - ?26,480: repairs, $30S8 40: material,
$22,718: horse hire, $2030; contracts. $134,019;
Incidental*. $2532. , • ;.»
In the matter of street work the follow
ing fiums had been expended up to April 1
of this year:
"Confine yourself to the subject mat
ter," said Brandensteln to Braunhart. - . .
Braunhart took exception to Branden
steln's order. The remarks passed by
the two Supervisors • became • rather un
parliamentary and Sergeant at Arms An
derson looked uneasy. Brandenstein in
timated that Braunhart's presence was
not desired. The latter quickly subsided
and .th<s Incident ended. .
Chairman Brandensteln asked Commis
sioner Manson if it would not effect a
saving If the Bureau of Architecture and
the Bureau of Building were consolidated
and Commissioner Manson replied in the
negative. . Brandensteln also desired to
know if the board found It .necessary to
have Its system of bureaus, and Secretary
Park explained that the charter gave the
board power ¦ to - establish departments,
which had been designated as bureaus for
convenience. To a- question" as to what
proportion of salaries was paid to the
amount-of work accomplished, CJlty"Engi
neer Grunsky replied that it would be dif
ficult to say, aa the results. were not al
ways Visible In the material f orm. Much
of, the expense was for supervision ¦¦ of
work which is • absolutely necessary,
Grunsky. said. .• ? -. . ¦
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
met yesterday for the purpose of making
its' preliminary investigation into the esti
mates of the needs of the various muni
cipal departments, with a view toward
fixing the next tax budget. The Commis
sioners of Public Works and the heads of
their several branches were present and
explained the items contained in their re
quests for the amounts necessary to run
their departments during the next fiscal
year. . - . . ' ~
The proceedings were enlivened by a
wordy tilt between Supervisors Branden
stfein and Bra unhart, which looked very
serious for a while. ..' .
Braunhart. though not a member of the
committee, was allowed to put some ques
tions to the officials of the Department of
"Works, but he had not proceeded far
when he was sharply called to order by
Chairman Brandensteln.
Finance Committee Puts
Questions to Works
Board.
Leg Broken by Horse's Kick.
Joseph Austin, a. hostler residing at 1522
Howard street, had his left leg broken by
a kick from a horse In "a stableat Thir
teenth and Folsom streets at an 1 early
hour yesterday morning. Austin was re
moved .to the- City and County Hospital
for .treatment.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 19.— For ths
first time In the history of gold-dredging
in this province. It is announced that on»
of the machines on the Fraser River is
paying and has been for some time. This
is the old Cobeldlck dredger, located at
Lytton. The Fraser River Gold Dredging
Company has placed an order for a fleet
of dredgers to be operated at different
places along the river. Preparatory to
this an engineer was sent out from Ens
land and a special run was made, with
the astonishing clean-up of $13 per hour
while tha machine was in operation.
Dredger Brings Up Gold.
plant Is owned by the town.- . - .
H. J. Edwards, manager of the Im
provement Company, It Is rumored, will
be superintendent or district superintend
ent of the new concern.
BEGINS FIXING
OF THE BUDGET
The Pacific Turn Bezirk will be held
this year at San Jose from June 21 to
June 24. Teams from all turner organiza
tions on the Pacific Coast will participate,
O •I"I"I"I"<"rv > !-t'^v4~I- > r~I"H"M"I"I"I"r"I"}
tracht Hall, 237 Twelfth street,
to-night, in order to raise funds. for k the
expenses incidental to their visit to San
Jose in June next, when they will:com
pete with Turners from all over the Pa
cific Coast. A dance will follow the ex
hibition. ; ' " .
Yx*t EMBERS of the prize: drill. corps
I \\ of the jy e rein Eintracht will give
I ' II Bniexnibftion'o' thelf; agilUyJri
A . 11 the' acrobatic line at- Verein' Ein-
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Sprln* medicine to purify the blood. Consti
pation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
, • ¦ ¦ »
and Verein Eintracht Turner, section
t hopes. to repeat, if not. exceed, the" record
- made MnSan : Dlego'= last year. Professor
-H.-F.C.Stahl, the Instructor of the. team,
has been -careful .in- the>. selection of tho
material composing it, and has a number
. of.. promising candidates who are ready
/ ,to' i tAk$-,the" "Place : j of any : of " those! who
•may'. be unable to appear at the last.mo
• ment. ; ..¦...."_..-. '. . . •-:-. v. . ~:r. :. ;.._•:
The programme for to-night includes
long wand exercises by a class of boys;
fancy dancing by the girls' class; exer
cises on the side- horse, on parallel bars
and fire club swinging by the prize. team
and active members; nickel wand exer
cises by the boys' evening class; dumb
bell exercise by a class of young ladies
and the building of chair pyratnlds by the
Junior class. A special orchestra will ren
der appropriate music during the exer
cises.
' THREE MEMBERS OF. THE PRIZE
DRILjJ CORPS OF. VEREIN EIN
! . TRACHT TURN ' SECTION.
. Extensive preparations are being mad©
for. the proper celebration of the eighty
third anniversary of 'the establishment of
Odd Fellowship in the United States,
which this_year falls on . Saturday, the
26th inst. The celebration* will be in the
form of an outing of the members of the
subordinates,, the Rebekah ¦ branch and
the other branches of the order to Camp
Taylor. The celebration will be .under
tlie auspices of Canton San Francisco of
the Patriarchs Militant, Captain C. H.
Kornbeck commanding. The canton will
attend in uniform and be accompanied
by Canton No. 11 of Oakland and Canton
No. 16 of Vallejo,. these also in uniform.
There will be a programme of entertain
ment on the grounds in addition to games,
an exhibition drill by the First Battalion
of the Second Regiment of the Patriarchs
Militant, Major C. N. Pape" commanding,
and an oration by Colonel L. Li. 'Alexan
der, the oldest living past grand master
of the State of California.
The committee -has 'provided for the
children, and; as ; each-, child enters the
camp, grounds he or she will be given- a
numbered ticket entitling the holder to a
prize to be given- out in f the pavilion.
There will be races, games and dancing.
The celebration will be'in charge of the
following committees: . ' >
Arrangements — Major C. E.' Benedict, chair
man; Captain C. II. Kornbeck, "secretary and
treasurer; James W.- Harris, P. G. P.; W. W.
Watson, P. G. P.; 'E. H. Black, Dr. C. H.
Ftlnfon, A. H. Breckwoldt. C.-F. Phillips. J.
H. Foster and G. '" W. Fahrner.
Publicity — General H. O.Brower,. W. S.
Potter and J. A. Foster. •
Music — Captain C. H. Kornbeck, General J.
F. Crosett and John Deas.
Games — John Thompson, U. S. G. Clifford,
H. II. Dobbin, T. B. W. Leland, F. L. Tuipin.
II. -B. • Larson. Charles C. Paradls. H. H. Vel-
Jano and Robert W. Jones.
' Floor — N. M. Petersen, manager; Dr. C. I*.
Ziegler. "- A. ..H. Breckwoldt, John F.- Brown,
F. V. Duley and W. E. Dubois. . :
Childrens' prizes — James W. Harris, Melville
P. Forbes, O. H. Wilson, Dr. N. E. Van Meter
and James A. Lemon. .- ' - .
Special arrangements , have been made
with the railroad to take 2000 people to the
camp. _ . ¦ ¦ ¦
Champagne.
Discrimination in | the selection of a meri
torious brand is "more universally used nowa
days than formerly. Moet & Chandon, the
fashionable London . champagne, according- to
United States Custom-house statistics, is also
fast becoming- the favorite in this country. It
has gained the extraordinary increase of 252.
432 bottles .during. the_ year. 1901. an. eloquent
testimonial to the excellent qualities of . Moet
& Chandon and which no other brand can re
cord. — Wine Review. • ¦
GUSTAV MAHONY TRIED
•. FOB PLAYDJ-G POKER
Judge Fritz Takes a Motion to Dis
*• ''miss Under Advisement Till
. ( ... ... - Wednesday. .
The trial of Gustav- Mahony, one of the
115 , poker -..players., arrested at. the Cafe
•Royal a.;week ago, was held before Judge
.PMtz; yesterday; notwithstanding the ob
jections^ raised •^•by.---'. Attorneys Ach ' and
Rlordan.'/who'^ represent > the other de
fendants. ,The Judge notified them that
he would, not, permit them to interfere
with the, trial or cross-examine the wit
nesses,' as the r deferidaiit ; was represented
by Attorney Byers. •
: ' Captain Spillane and Policemen La
Strange, Becker ; and Beach testified to
raiding the place .and seeing cards and
chips on the tables. , Becker, prior to the
raid, had been playing draw poker at one
of the tables, but he could not say what
was ' being played at any of the other
tables. Byers did not cross-examine any
of the witnesses and did not put in any
defense. He contented himself with mak
ing a motion for dismissal, and the Judge
took it ..under advisement till .Wednesday,
when the transcript of the evidence will
be readv. ' • .
Ismar) , the "Wonderful
Egyptian ; secress, has removed to more
commodious quarters in the Vendomei
1104 Market street, 'corner o?" Turk, offices
9 and 10, where she can be consulted daily
alter to-day on all affairs of life. Hours,
10 a. m. to 5' p. m: Sunday, 10 to 12' m. • \
SACRAMENTO. April 19.— The Sacramento
Valley Development Association in«conventlon
her? this afternoon re-elected Will S. Green
of Opliiisa, president : F. E. Wright of .Colusa,
secretary, and Frank Miller of Sacramento,
treasurer. . ' • . .
Arrangements Are Made ft
Reception of Two Thou
sand Excursionists.
Local Lodge Members
Will Celebrate at
Camp Taylor.
ODD FELLOWS'
ANNIVERSARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
Prize Drill Team, Selected to Compete at Coming
Pacific Turn Bezirk, to Give Exhibition.
TURNERS OF EINTRACHT
VEREIN TO SHOW SKILL
28
Be Not Misled.
Look for George Mayerle'o Trade Mark. An
EVE With a CROWN on Every Window.
ENTRANCE 1011. *
sfgi A Warning
<%fe » s * r TO THE PJiSLIC.
MR. GEORGE 1IAVERLE, the German Ex-
pert Optician, who has been established at 1071
MARKET STREET nearly five years, is in no
way connected with a party who opened next
door to him and calling themselves "Mayerle &
Co." Remember. GEORGE MAYERLE ha« not
moved. He is still at 1071 MARKET STREET.
When wishing to consult Mr. Mayerle INSIST
upon seeing Mr. George Mayerle PERSON-
ALLY.
A CROWN on every window indicates
GEORGE MAYERLE'S place. ENTRANCE
3071.
An EYE with a CROWN on every window
indicates George Mayerle's store.
rBOK EEV. FATHER AUGUSTINE
JteCLOKY.
It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. George Mayerle of 1071 Market
ctreet, San Francisco, strictly as a skillful and
expert optician. My sight began to fail in 1877,
twenty-five years ago. and since that time I
have been wearing glasses. I consulted a prom-
inent optician in Chicago, Dr. Holmes. At dif-
ferent times since that I have had lenses fitted
on in St. Louis. Cleveland. Ohio,' and also tried
the Fifth-avenue opticians in Pittsburgh who
claim to be among the best In their line in the
country. I do not hesitate to say that I have
n:et with better and more satisfactory results
with MR. GEORGE MAYERLE than with any
of the above named, who have much higher
pretensions. Respectfully,
FATHER AUGUSTINE McCLORY. O. F. M..
St. Boniface's Church, 115 Golden Gate ave.,
San Francisco. • j
ADKIKAL GEOSGE DEWEY,
Who used George Mayerle's glasses during the
Spanish-American War. and is still using them
with much satisfaction, highly recommends
Mr. Gkorge Mayerle, and sends the following
testimonial 5
Mr. George Mayerle, German Expert Op-
tician. 1071 Market St.. S. F.-My Dear Sir: I
cm still using with much satisfaction the
glasses you sent me at Manila; also, the new
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Yours very truly,
GEORGE DEWET.
NOTICE!
/5C5JhfcSt^' Mayerle's Glasses Cannot Be
Myar>» Had from Any Traveling
THE GENUINE must be ordered direct from
GEORGE MAYERLE. 1071 Market street (op-
posite Hibemia Bank), San Francisco.
Telephone South 572. German Eyewater 50c.
Mr. George Mayerle does not travel, nor does
he employ any traveling opticians to represent
l'.Jm. Look for an FYE With a CROWN and
remember the entranro. 1071 Market.
CUT THIS OUT.
PIANO RECITAL
BT THE
ANfiELUS PIANO PLAYER,
' •' ' • isSISTEDBT
MR. HERBERT WILLIAMS, Tenor,
AND THE
. Victor Disc Talking Machine
SHERMAN-CLAY & CO.'S HALU
APRIL 28. AT 3 P. M.
PROGRAMME— PART 1.
1 — Overture. "L.!g:ht Cavalry" .S«t>b«
1 2— Impromptu, op. 29 ; Cbopia
3— "Die . Walkur*" (magic flr« scene)... W*xnei>
4— Sons, "Mattinattl" Tostl
MR. HERBERT WILLIAMS. "
5 — Valse Grande, op. 42 ....Chonla
INTERMISSION.
Durlnir the Intermission several selections
¦will be rendered by tho Victor Disc Talking
Machine, the.. most . perfect tone reproducin«
machine extant.
PART II.
6— Variations et Fuse, op. 11 Padercwskl
7 — (a) Valse Coquette, op. 53 Moazkowskl
<b) "Tans der Rosenelfln," ov- 83."
8 — Sons. "Fond Heart. Farewell". Hope Tempt*
r MR. HERBERT WILLJAMS.
9 — Zlsuenerweisen. op. 20 (In C minor).'...
-••• • ........ Sarusuts
STEINWAT PIANO USED.
'AH vocal selections are accompanied by ths
Anzelus. . - - • • .,¦¦.-'.
" ADMISSION FREE, but to prevent cvtf-
crowdlng of .the hall tickets should be pro-
cured at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
FOR MEN- J^ -», -.
FOR WOMEN. SV^
pS> W J "JT "Tr ¥ ¥ foj f~s, '^^ Never Less
The man or woman who reads shoe "ads" in the
papers J* an d magazines, and has no other i
1 i g ht /^jfuh on the subject, must be at a loss to
decide \M& which is "the best."
Three n^ f s dollars and fifty cents is a common '
price 1| jfl for shoes these days. Look out!
Most shoes at this price are common. ,
\Valk- s»m j 4^ Over Shoes 3je uI | 0^ g 00( jness in-
side and out— full of distinction and style in their
every curve— full of beau iful, satisfying 'comfort.
Always at ttfe uniform price of $$.%o — levsr less.
No Special Sale Days here. If a store
advertises a shoe at $3.^0 for a few
days only, this is a tacit admission that \ that
particular shoe isn't worth a penny more ; X> I on
any other day. . . - Flly
All the most wanted leathers and ksL*!? new-
est models are here— over 100 styles.
WHY FAY FIVE OR SIX DOLLARS?
BY MAIL $3.75.
Walk-Over Shoe Stpre,
F*. F". WRIGHT & SON
924-6 MARKET STREET E ° m p K e m .
1 ' ' — . . * — ~ • • :
Our line of Victorias. Cabriol ets. broughams and Coaches is com-
plete. More than shown by. all other dealers in San Francisco, and bet-
. ter, too. Prices are low.
Ask for 1902 catalogues.
OF C^ilFOIWSlA,
Market and ioth streets. San Francisco.
43 \ ZL-4 Va/ M. Ji\ L~4 JkZj AX 1—4 Ja—tf •
VALENCIENNES LACES.
This week we will Dlace on sale a vero
large importation of. FRENCH VALEN-
CIENNES LACES. TbBu come all widths,
v with Insertings to match, and we have
fullu 350 different patterns.
Prices 25c to S3. OO piece.
EMBROIDERIES.
\ mOOO-uards FINE WHITE EMBROID-
ERIES, in nainsook, camhric arid Swiss.
These are in all widths, from \ to 14
inGhes, Prices 5c to 50c yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS. W%
'1000 dozen UNLAUNDERED and DEMI-
LAUNDERED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
hoth embroidered and hemstitched, •
I5c and 25c each.
: • : : We have also received an elegant llne v of
' ECRU, CREAM and WHITE POINT YEN-
1 ICE GALOONS, CREAM and BLACK
ESCURIAL GALOONS,- CREAM and BLACK
• CHANTILLY GALOONS and ALL-OVER
i .NETS to match,' also a great yarietu FINE
WHITE -LAWN TUCKINGS, wlth.Valen-
. - ciennes Inseptings, suitahle for ladies 1 %
. ¦;•; waists. : 'f^\
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and sample*
forwarded free to any address.
Jill 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. ¦¦¦" '<<¦'{'}<.
- >&«~_^ Monday morning we' will continue
- >S^^ Ihe sale of those waists that were deliy-
¦J^^^^^y^, .': cred to its' from the railroad company in
"¦-* Isi*®)^' vS' ' ¦ l ;waists were. exposed to the 'rain some
>f ifxV ' in transit, and while they were not
\^^Jg$A^j_w really damaged the railroad made us a
' ER^ffl^^^^^N. good allowance, so we are offering: the
/'^jg4^^QV^'v5V < A u^ waists at greatly reduced prices in order
-^(^^ViW^lW^^V^^^ to close them- out. Once in the wash
/^^^^^\C^wIlm^ * and a " y wai ? t . in • t . he lot-will be stood'as.
i/ffl^^K^\»Mll They consist' of dainty white' lawn
m M WO waists - °P en f ront and back and trim-
W ImPS^^WTOM^^Kk med with embroidcr y- a "d also colored
lUF V^wB'lWillV 1 swiir"^ chambray waists in plain and striped
W\k \W^\Kl'Vm7 effects, comprising fifteen different
" \ st >' Ies - Tlic regular retail prices of the
TEUnNv ! Bf Wa ' St wotJ l < ? P c ' $1-50 to $2.50 each.
Y&\^0$^ffi W C ' iave d' v^ e d them into two lots.
and as long as they last they will be
* * : WUU 01111 iPll fellS
Basement Items of Interest
Rlarlf '^flf AP11 Wilictc .New spring styles in lawns or'
D33CK Jateeil ffaiSlS.. percale-wrappers; dark and light.
Black sateen waists for. women, patterns; sizes 32 to '.44; price only
; made :, from :• mercerized sateeq. ' «j»* VkA
neatly -tucked and hemstitched; ol.OO
; b^t\s^%^J^ri C^wni $ be°' -Dressing Sacques,, made from
_COC '":,: sheer quality lawn, in neat patterns:
One hundred dozen fast . black prettily trimmed with embroidery:
hose for women; open work and price
lace effects; value - 25c a' pair; *rcz~
' price '¦ ""¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦ •¦ - ; • ¦¦ ' ¦ . -¦ ,V; ; '.v i3d -
™ P V ?Wr^ V and Children's Sunbon-
Odds and ends.of Woolen Waists nets for. , summer - wearr plain .or
.left from the seasons selling; good : n ob<il«n^.'n,M 1 ¦ • •¦ ¦"
-assortments of colors; -closing out: ¦ P° ke .^aped, made from a variety
at- S ,>j.'i ;%-< ' : «:¦ of materials; prices '
98c 25c and 5Qc.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
«».,A n ?, t i 1 ' r carload just In of Mahogany Parlor Suit*: exquisite colorings i« the uphol-
jtery, newest. Datterng. too. .Great quantities o* other furniture on the way* will aoon
w»ii ?=,?? vf t wUI ? how . y ,°. vl the hewest and the- latest in Chamber Suit*. Dlnmg-Room.
Hau and Kitchen Furnishings. .Carpets, .Rugs. Draperies, Stoves, etc.
WE OWN :p"\JR OWN; BUlLDINGr-VVE PAY NO RENT.
/Free Delivery to' Oakland. Alameda, and Berkeley. ;
THE! J. NOON A N FURNITURE cb., /«c.
; -I. .', .., .;1017-lO23 Mission Street; above Sixth. Son Francisco,
,.WB CLOSE AT 6 P.M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.HARRIMAN IS REQUESTED;:-
TO VISIT SACRAMENTO
Silver jf late.
Chamber of Commerce of That City
Sends Invitation Engraved on. '
General Manager A. H. French of the
Eacramento Chamber of Commerce ar
il ved In the city yesterday to invite Pres
ident E. H. Harriman of the Southern Pa
cific to visit Sacramento at his conven
ience and accept the hospitalities of the
Sarrarnento Street Fair Club.
The invitation Is engraved upon a beau
tiful silver plate and will be given -the
magnate on his arrival from Monterey to
morrow evening. In addition to the
wording of the invitation the plate bears
the following names of Sacramento busi
ness men: II. 1. Seymour, president of
the Chamber of Commerce; C. H. Reuter
vice prPKident; W. F. Purnell. secretary*
T. L. Enwright. H. C. Fisher. John C
Ir.g, F. I,. Martin, C. Wi Morton, Albert
Elkus. V.'alter Wright. C E. Arnold and
H. A. French.
The Southern Pacific president ¦ will be
banqueted by Herman Oelrichs at the Pa
cific-Union Club to-morrow ¦- evening.
Many gentlemen of prominence in • the
business world will be in attendance.'- .
the fact that he was a defaulter for a
large amount, stated to be even as much
as 31S.0CO. and an examination was being
made of his accounts at the time of his
unexplained departure. That he was fin
ancially Involved was denied at the | time
by the Examiner managers, but the small
Importance that the paper attached to the
disappearance of a trusted employe of-eo
many years' service suggested that an ex
planation bad been found for his hasty
flight.
It Is pointed out by his friends that he
never; was known to pose In any of the
characters assumed by Bennett, and they
treat as ridiculous the idea that he could
disguise himself with a false mustache so
as to be n unrecognizable.' During Had
iey's fourteen years' residence in this city
he was always smooth shaven.
: The . police claim that they 'have no In
formation concerning Hadiey's present
whereabouts, and they do not credit the
statement. of. the Dixon woman that she
has any Information on the subject.
The Public [ School Teachers' Annuity
and • Retirement Fund Commission ' met
yesterday, . with Superintendent Webster
and Treasurer McDougald present. The
demands of the retired teachers, to the
number of thirty-one, were ordered paid
for the quarter just ended. The teachers
received but 60 per cent of what they are
legally entitled to, owing to the depleted
state of the funds. It Is expected that tho
teachers will receive - more monev next
quarter, as the Board of Education has
adopted a resolution providing that one
half instead of one-fifth of all fines for
absence. of teachers shall go Into the re
tirement, fund. ¦.'"•' . ' ,,'. _ _
The commission ' placed Mlsa R. -G.
Campbell, A. T. Wlnn and -Miss L. S.
Temnleton on the list of annuitants, with
pensions of $30 per month each.
Commission Is Compelled to
Give Them Reduced Sum.
Owing to Depleted State of Funds
RETIRED TEACHERS
, ; - RECETVE PENSIONS
The ordinance repealing the section of
C-cneral Order prohibiting ball playing on
vacant lots was referred to the ordinance
cterk to redraft and .to present to the
committee in proper form.
The Judiciary Committee recommended
the passage of the ordinance authorizing
the appointment of an additional eten
opraher for the police courts for a period
oi" t-lxty days. , >--v.
The Supervisors' joint ! committee . on
Judiciary and Printing decided yesterday
to reject all bids for the printing of the
delinquent tax list and, to readvertise for
separate bids from weekly and daily
newgpap<?rs=. This action was taken owing 1
to a defect in the original proposals which
mtde no stipulation as to whether the
newspaper should be a daily or weekly
publication. Attorneys for the Post, Star
and Herald put forth their respective
claims on their bids, but the committee
d'-cllued to award the contract.
ly and Daily Publications.
Euperrisors' Committee Decides That
Proposals Host Be Made for Week-
HEJXCTS THE BIDS FOR
DELUTQITENT TAX. ROLL
'" "After ¦ Hadley : disappeared i I * gave - some . of
his ' clothlns • to • n> y brother-in-law* a brother — a
cutaway • coat. ¦ a < full-dress > suit •< and an extra
pair " of 'pants.'- ' Another " pair i of . his pants . I
made over for my ' brother.'-j.I" burnt : his '• plug
hat ' and two : of ' his other '¦ hats. - I j burnt -. the
thinks : because I" was : sick ¦ of ' looking at them.
I was frightened.-. Yes,", I was frightened -about
the Nora Fuller murder. case. ,»' I didn't want to
get ? mixed* up ; In .anything. -^Tes, I Suspected
that? Hadley t had something .to-do .with '.Nora
Fuller's . death. -'¦ I - mentioned : it ' to a ¦ couple • ot
my friends, saying:- "Wouldn't it '¦ be funny if
Hadley , had ; something '}. to ~ drt : with ¦' Nora Pul
ler's murder.'; * My; friends: ridiculed: It and' said
that 1 * man of, Hadiey's standing wouldn't have
anything to-do- with »uch~a thing. "".MiT :-;•;; v,--? v.',
Hadley was 40 or more years of. age; he had
"JTv^^awat; 'ciidTHijra^
;; >\v7>I^N'S;STATEMEirr. .^j
¦v Following .isTthe.statement'.in full made
by;the Dlxon. woman .to- Captain Seymour:
1 "' C. - B. s Hadley livedl with ' me f or elx^months
In', a flat -at 647.. Ellis • street. ' He rented- the
flat: • -Before: that •we-.-Hved: for four months in
rooms at ,'315: Ellis 'street, and before that. ;.we ;
lived ln> rooms forone month at O'Farrell and
Taylor streets. I don't know «vhlch. corner. • H'J
rented the rooms.- -At the last. : place he gave
tho ' landlady $10, ¦¦- besides • • $35 , f or ; the^rent .-:.
JIadley- disappeared*; on January ;16. 1903. . .1
belteve"he? was last' scen'at thevLotta foun
tain at about 6 o'clock; that evening/- . He tele
phoned to me'atabout 5:30'o'clockthat even'
ing and told» me that 'he would-be home to' dm-,
ner instead of our taking dinner ,-downtown,> as
we intended to'do. as it-was my birthday. >'I
have. not Beenhlmslncethe morning of'Janu
arV • ! 16,'."1002.' and. I have not", heard from- him ;
since ho ¦ telephoned" to .me ¦ on . -the.- evening of
that-day. I -saw him', on -the; morning of that
day 'nnd -he .was; all excited. v : When he ¦ went
away ' he'- threw ' some v money : to l m« and : told
me to put It in the bank ¦ for . my .: birthday.' !
During 'the ¦ preceding week', he bought me a
pair . of Z earrings and 5 this gold I chain j I \ am
V (^n the day following -his * disappearance • Z
was making up his and my. laundry and. at the
very "bottom of ¦ the pile ¦ of soiled • clothes -. 1
found' one : of : his overshlrts; one of his under
shirts and 'a; pair -of-, his. drawers. -. There^was
blood ; on ! each • of', these ; three ; articles. . There
was mere- on the shirts, than ' on *the' drawers.
I took these bloody articles and burned them.-
On- the morning.that he disappeared he did not
change > his ¦', clothes, : something • that : he had
never before failed-, to do. Hs always changed
his clothes I every, morning. ', When - 1 found the
bloody garments i they :. were in the - closet at
the very, bottom of. the pile, of soiled clothing.
two. were; dissimilar.".- Hlsi failure to'Iden
tify Hadley.' carries with it much slgntfi-'
cance, as it. vitally effects the value of Ex
pert JKytka'sopinlop.. -.The "advertisement
in- question/ was •.undoubtedly written '.in
the Chronicle' business office, by^the-man
who ; handed^ it over the counter. .--It^ this
was > not Hadley , t Kytka' s expert . hand
writing- testimony, falls, to the aground, y
The -advertisement: printed' In the : Ex
amlner,which Expert Kytka -claims 'to be
ln;thcsame. handwriting as fiadley's has
been^aBcertalned ; to^ have been by,
•one , who could -have connec
tion with -the. Fuller 7 case:- .;.;.-: • ; ;
, Hadley • had - many; friends and' acquain t
ancesUn.the city and igenerally they scout
the; Idea; that he - could i be guilty of the
crlmeiof which >,he Is; suspected.; -His sus
picious; disappearance is accounted . for, by
FRIENDS SCOUT IDEA.
•Hadley also .advertised 'for: a ; servant girl
for me* . On» advertisement ; said the «rirl was
to: call -at .the- house, and he advertised again
f or : a i girl" for. me .and -the answer t was to be
sent : to j&' box at the Examiner office. '
. On/ thermornine. that Hadley disappeared ha
'. got up very early and -went down and got the
paper. He carried the' paper to the bathroom,
where ; I 'afterward > found. IW. It ,wu not his
custom to get up early and' get the paper. He
never, did -it, before.. Hadley always carried a
newspaperuln his 'pocket.' He; never read while
w* were eatlnsr at restaurants, . as I am so
nervous.'^ He - used >. to read . at ¦ the ' table at
,home.'-. "":¦.'¦¦-¦! ¦.••?•-!..'.;¦
, ¦ Two ,. months ' before 'Hadley disappeared he
pufan advertisement In the -Examiner for my
brother-in-law '¦ applying • for * a - position as
teamster. The answer was to be directed to a
box at ¦ the- Examiner, office. ' -An . answer can 1
i and - Hadley. told me * he had to go down on
some street' to see about It--.- ¦ . • -.*
/¦"'After'' Hadley.- disappeared I telegraphed to
Mrs.'John Start or Hadley. and -finally I got
¦word j from the .telegraph- company that Mrs.
Start had received -the,- telegram. I also wrote
to I her and received a .reply that she knew no
more ; about Hadiey's -whereabouts - than I did.
The i la$t • Chicago ; address - of • Mrs. I Start was
ceBT.-Wentworth avenue. ' That, is the last ona
I^know.of. ...:The letter I .wrote her was Just
addressed to Chicago. The reply that she sent
was> postmarked East Park station.
¦-,' Hadley worked for the Examiner for fifteen
years. .Sometimes he was drunk, a '.week, at a
time. ¦ .-. I . understood -.that . he ¦ was head book
keeper and'-, that -he -received *a salary -of $100
a' week.- ;. Hadley^ was an 'American, to far as
I know. >. He used .good grammar. - - He always
had'.plenty .of 'money. " ••. ,• r . . ¦• -
TELEGRAPHS MOTHER.
Hadley and .that : she .had better not be tele
phoning ¦ to my husband..
When we were living: at 315, Ellis street Had
iey's tooms Were downstairs and mine were up
stairs. Before-we left -there- I went down, to
his ¦ rooms one evening \ wlth'-another woman
and I found, a little- girl sitting' there. I asked
her If fhe hadn't made a mistake and she said
"No. •- Isn't ! this s Hadley' b room?" . Shasaid
that Hadley had promised to meet her there
at 0 o'clock, and I told her that he would not
be 1 home -until :11-: o'clock. The other .woman
and I. went Into the next. room and were joking
about- the girl being there, and she got. up and
loft. Hndley; had liberty to. do as he pleased
while we .were at 315 Kills street. - Hadley
could leave . the Examiner office '^whenever he
wanted to. - I think his right name Is Start.
Hi9' father has been dead for years, but his
.mother is. living. in Chicago:. A little while be
fore Hadley disappeared we had -a .little quar
rel/and, he • grabbed his .mother's i and I father's
pictures off the mantel and tore .them up. The
pictures had .no - connection ..with our quarrel.
I ' saw -, a piece | that Hadley , had 1 clipped from
a"Chicag6 paper about his father's death.- His
name ' was John* Start." ¦ Hadley .used to ¦ send
long telegrams, costing $10. $12 and $15. About
last-Christmas he 'sent- a long telegram, and I
think It was" to his mother. ¦ ., . , •_ ,
MAN WHOM CAPTAIN. SEYMOUR SAYS r MURJDERED - NORA : FULLER,
A. THE ;WOMAN r WHO, GIVES EVIDENCE. TENDING TO INCRIMINATE
M HIM AND HANDWRITING OF BENNETT AND ACCUSED.'
"If you. were to pack this room .with
$20 gold pieces."- said -Miss Skelly .last
evening, : "I .would not tell where Charley
Hadley ; is , at this time. Had I- known
what .the t police were driving • at 'i I 'would
never have told them : anything ¦ about
him.. They deceived me.' Detective * Cody
made me : believe that ¦ he < was . trying ; to
It Is <. known S that \ she was ' feverishly
anxious for; some news of Hadley after
his disappearance and sought in • many
.ways to ascertain tidings , of. him.' V Than
she exhibited a feeling of animosity
against him- and endeavored in many
ways to cast -discredit upon him. .For
awhile she claimed that she was his
wife and was assiduous in propagating
the . news that he was a defaulter for a
large amount. Here is what she told a
Call reporter of herself and Hadley and
the Fuller, murder case: k v
'*•:'; WOMAN! TELLS "STOSYT--
LJke all women of - her class, she is a
rredley of contradictions. About 28 years
of age, and of the world worldly, she pro
fesses tor- look upon' her late companion
merely as a "good thing,", who treated
her with kindness and whose going caused
her no heart pangs. But behind her smil
ing exterior no one may know what furi
ous flames, of jealousy and rage for her
desertion have prompted her to the dis
closures which she claims to have made
reluctantly. « ,'
-'According to Captain Seymour, it was
with the 'utmost reluctance j that' the
Dixon woman was induced to reveal the
damaging facts contained in- her state
ment and on which rests the principal
: basis for suspecting Hadley of the crime.
She says that she did ¦ everything she
could .to shield ¦ him, but in the same
breath claims that she does not and never
did care for him. ' :,
a. "I do; not' accuse Hadley of. murdering
Nora Fuller," said Captain Seymour. "It
is ¦¦ not my. custom to say in' advance
whether | or not I believe a man . guilty,
but I * do think that the facts we have
developed tend strongly to connect Had
ley with this crime and justify us in using
our utmost efforts to effect his capture."
v T TALKED WITH RELUCTANCE.
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting expert
of the police department, has made a re
port to Captain Seymour stating that the
sigqatures of Hawkins in Umbsen's rent
ing book, the handwriting of the ."ad
vertisement" handed into the Chronicle
office by Bennett, the chlrography of the
Examiner advertisement and the speci
mens of. Hadiey's handwriting obtained
by the police are the product of one hand.
So fat. as the police are concerned the
alleged connection of Hadley with the
Fuller murder rests upon the above facts.
Captain i Seymour will not say that he
believes him guilty of the heinous crime,
but he believes that the incriminating
circumstances are stronger against : this
latest suspect than against any other
whose name had been mentioned in .the
case.- : -. ;. , y ' . , ¦ -'¦- .-
HADLEY'S HANDWRITING.
money from the bank since his departure
and his whereabouts remain a mystery.
He is~said by the Dixon woman to
have occasionally worn a false mustache
about the .house, and when this addition
was made to photographs of him. which
leprosent him as being clean shaven, some
of the men who met and talked with
Bennett positively identified Hadiey's pic
ture as a likeness of Bennett or Hawkins.
Others found a strong resemblance and
only ¦ Krone was positive that Bennett
and Hadley were nbt the same men.
Again the. Dixon woman states that af
ter Hadley had disappeared she found
among his effects some underclothing and
in overshirt, which were stained with
blood. These' she claims to have burned,
but gives no satisfactory explanation for
such action.
...Tucked away In a closet In the Sutter
street house were found two handker
chiefs, both bloodstained and one partially
burned, and in the clothing left by Had
ley were, two handkerchiefs of exactly
the same material as one of those rescued
from the drain pipe of the closet. The
handkerchiefs are of an ordinary kind
,that many men might carry.'
, Hadley disappeared from San Francisco
on January 16. the day on which the fact
was first made . public . that .Nora ¦ Fuller
was missing from her; home and possibly
had been murdered. . : , -.- ;
He quitted the city without making the
least preparation for his departure, leav
ing all, his. clothes and personal effects^in
his apartments and a sum of money In
the Phelan baiik 'amounting to $1500.;. He
has never made the slightest attempt to
obtain his 1 belongings or . to withdraw.* the
HADLEY DISAPPEARS.
To .what she claims . was ; a. chanco re
mark of hers made to a detective on I a
streetcar about ten days ago is due the
fact that the police . have singled but
Hadley as the- probable slayer ..of /Nora
Fuller. When HadJey first disappeared
Detective Cody worked on the case and
met the Dlxon . woman, who represented
that she was Hadiey's wife. Heisaw.her
on a streetcar ten days ago and asked
her if she had heard -anything of the
missing: man. -She answered in the nega
tive, adding that. she became frightened
over the Fuller case and dropped the,en
tire matter. ... ... :
Cody did not . press the inquiry, but re
ported the conversation to Captain Sey
mour, who • at once realized its -possible
significance and began a personal investi
gation along the lines suggested by - the
woman's conversation.- As a result the
police are prepared to say that .suspicion
points strongly to Hadley ,as : . the* man
who decoyed Nora Fuller to the Sutter
street house and left her dead' body there
on or about . January 11, 'and give as
grounds for such suspicion the following
facts: ¦¦;.'•:¦.,¦¦-•' .. ' •
There was one person, however, • who
was not so easily Induced to abandon .the
search for the missing man. This was
Olive Skelly, sometimes . Carrie Dixon,', a
woman who had .represented ¦ herself- as
Hadley ' s wife, and with . whom he "' had
consorted for about ten months. .' To- her
persistency in trying, to locate Hadley.
was due whatever effort the police, made
to find trace of him. What her motives
were can only.be surmised. . She herself
gives no satisfactory explanation; of them,
although she is not backward in j speak
ing of the interest she manifests ' in - the
missing man.' Her ; actions,' however,' do
not correspond - with . the sentiments she
pretends to entertain toward him. . :
On January 16 last Hadley walked out
of the Examiner office at 5:30 o'clock *n
the afternoon and disappeared as: mys
teriously as though the earth had swal
lowed him up. For a few days a desul
tory effort was made to ascertain his
whereabouts and the reasons for his sud
den withdrawal from the ordirfary/chan
nels of lus life, and then the. matter was
allowed to rest. Days grew into weeks
and \ieeks to months, and still no tidings
came from Hadley. At the time It was
whispered that he was in financial ar
rears with the concern which ; had : em
ployed him, and this fact coupled with an
intimation that there was no _ desire -to
prosecute him was accepted as a. reason
able explanation of his sudden disappear
ance. '
WOMAN CONTINTTES SEARCH.
the veil will be lifted and the
dark secret of the monstrous Mragedy in
the Butter-street house may be revealed.
The latest suspect, and the one on whom
clrcunj stances. In the opinion of Chief
Wittman and > Captain of Detectives • Sey
mour, seem to point to is Charles B. Had
ley, who for fourteen years had been em
ployed as an accountant and subscription
cashier In the business office of the Ex
aminer. . • , •. -•.,•'
a FTER three months of futile
/fl and discouraging effort the
/¦ Police Department has found
ydLaJel an Important clew In the Nora
y jA Fuller murder rnystery and
**¦ "^ hope runs high that at last
"Ci Thomas'. Tobln.'lthe -expressman', who! de
livered furniture ito? the house, found
yV. : F.;Lahahier,' who rented the 1 house to
Hawklns;,was strongly;of theoplnion that
the photographs ¦< of^Hadleyj with Hhe< ad-"
dition of a* mustache were j those ' of •< the
lessee'of the • Butter-street -house ;who .vis
ited MJmbsen's 'real Restate,- office, •> but; he
could . not >be ' absolutely: positive. .••v : '.N;.*' '- V
>< Ray/ Zertana,-, the ; grocery,, boy. who saw
a " stranger, .with j Nora ; Fuller, and another
girl at' the store jWhere he works and with
Nora Fuller, alone with the man in Golden
Gate Park," Identified photographs of Had
ley,<as;the in"questlon. / ,stranger ! ,; .;,-. ;-.;, ¦
v : ; lahanibb/not; positive. ;; ( ;
' R. «T. Schell, '.'a\- salesman . employed . by
J. C! CavanaughN from J whom- Hawkins
purchased the furniture ! that -was nut In
the Butter* street ; house, •¦positively identi
fied the"; photograph .of ¦. Hadley'' In a silk
hat ,' and - with -'a< mustache as the man
known as Hawkins, ;.. j ,.'.'..-.- ( .-. ¦ ;
When Captain ": Seymour. /succeeded in
getting a full statement- frqnv the Dlxon
woman he secured photographs: of Hadlcv
and' had the originals altered by the ad
dition of a mustache and;- different varie
ties of hats to conform, with the descrip
tions of Bennett's'manner of dress' These
were first -submitted to 'F. W. iKrone of
the Popular restaurant.rwho is the*only
man who knew- Bennett personally. Krone
was emphatic in; his .declaration that Had
ley could not be -the. same man. as
nett. He said that he had known Hadley.
for eight' years and 1 that 'by: no possibility
could the -accountant .disguise; himself by
the | add ition of • a : false | mustache i so ¦ that
he. would not 'recognize him. -¦ Krone was
so positive that ¦ the; case* seemed ( to , fall
at once, but there .was more encouraging
news from some" . of * the . others who - had
met Bennett, or ¦'Hawkins.-.^-: , '¦¦¦¦ , , =¦¦; ;
SECURES * PHOTOGRAPH.
."Yes, I know where he is, but I, won't
tell. He is. not: In Honolulu. - I. am the
only one in this city, who .knows/ his
whereabouts. I'll probably take the 'rat
tler' (train) to-morrow and go away from
here. I can't sta/id this notoriety..- •;'¦•';
"No, I was not Hadiey's nnstress." 'He
loved me, but I: did not have . any affec
tion for him. ;He frequently went.on his*
knees and begged me. to marry him, but-I
declined his proposals. He % was very lav
ish with his money. :, He earned a big
salary and' spent ; if freely; He did nbt
like sporting women' and would not talk
to them., - He -was', a .peculiar-, fellbw>in^
many ways. 'He -very .-seldom . went
around.' He was devoutly attached to me,
but I did, not. care. for. him. I' have a<
friend In the East .whom,' I love. % I '-liked
Hadley for, the presents he gave me •'-• %
"I was .never married, to Hadley. He
had rooms; in- my* house and we. were al
ways together. ¦¦> He was -of ' a- jealous dis
position arid- threatened -td ; shoot : 'meiif -I
went out with any 'other, man. I did not
care a fig for him.- /He would 1 follow me
from place, to,: place ,-and , of ten-he ; would
take a carriage and go to the. Cliff ."House
and ; try to l ge^ rrfe to -go home.- if 1 came
home late he would be waiting up for me
"Charley \ Hadley, isj not dead... Whether"
I 10 Vl S ull fy orinot. he 'will- never, return
to this city.;; Hadley was not his real
KSfin C&f: l3 v St * rt^ d : h j s ™*K
"Personally, M -.don't . care for this\no
toriety. but-I- am -sorry -for- my ¦
They are too nice. to be brought into Hhls
SAYS SHE WILL: LEAVE'.
"Charley left me .on. January. 16. -That
was my twenty-third birthday. He, came
to me in the morning and handed -me' $100
in bills and said: -"Here's: a present for
you." I refused it at first, feeling'satis
fled with the $20 hat and gown he sent me.
"Captain Seymour asked me if Hadley
had any peculiarities about eating.* -I said
yes, he always- liked steaks, .but unlike
you or me, he, would not eat -the, tender
loin of a steak. Captain Seymour jumped
up and said that's a. good point.. He then
read an interview with a restaurant man,
who actually . made the same statement.
ler. It then dawned, on me that. he was
trying- to implicate Charley. [; I* would
rather have nad; my tongue cut out, be
fore I would tell. the'pollce- anything that
would cause Charley-;trouble. - ./->-.t
The First Artillery Battalion will to
morrow, night have guard- mount at Vaai
Ness avenue and . Post street. | to be fol
lowed by battalion parade and' drill. Tbe
band, field music and batteries have been
ordered to report to the adjutant at 8:15
p. m. The officers of the day will be Cap
tains Swasey and Petty and the officers
of the guard. Lieutenants Ross, Neumann.
Varney and- Hyer.
Troop, A, Cavalry, has accepted the in
vitation of the Knights of Pythias to
parade with, the Uniform Rank next Au
gust, and permission has been given to
parade at that time.
The First Infantry has received an in
vitation to take part In the parade of liie
uniform rank of the Knights of Pythlaa
next August. The matter of accepting
the same is under consideration, - and the
probabilties are that the regiment ..will
be ordered out on that occasion.
The detachment of the sanitary, corps
assigned to the First Infantry will be in
spected at th« Page-street armory on
May 12. and - that assigned to the Fifth
Infantry will be' inspected at the armory
of Company A, Oakland, on May 19.
Private George W. Miller has been ap
pointed corporal in the signal corps, vlc«
Ward. -Privates John H. Edwards and
Frederick H. Thomas of the same corp«
have been discharged from the service at
expiration of term of service.
Monday night, after a preliminary miu
ter and inspection in the armory on Page
street, a battalion of the First Infantry
willhave a battalion " drill on Van Ness
avenue. ¦ ¦'
Orders have been Issued for the inspec
tion by Colonel Thomas Wllhelra. in
spector general of -rifle practice on the
staff of the commander In chief of the
First Battalion of Artillery at the Ellis
street armory on Monday, May 19. The
sanitary corps assigned to the battalion
will be Inspected at the same time.
on Van Ness Avenue To-Mor
row Night.
Two Battalion Drills Will Tajce Place
NEWS NOTES OF THE ,.v: r
STATE'S NATIONAL GUARD
A suit for divorce on the ground of de
sertion was commenced against Myrtle
B^naway by John E. Benaway yesterday.
They were married at Hastings, Michi
gan, in 1881. Benaway alleges that his
wife left him in March. 1S00.
Aatone M. Fere is suing Maria Fere
for divorce on the ground of Infidelity. He
names Rosaritf Cltrario • and Henrlco
Vespezano as co-respondents. The mar
riage of the Feres occurred In 1896.
Mattie Kessler, after almost thirty
years of married life ¦with Henry Kessler,
during which time there has been born to
her five sons and two daughters, has ap
plied to the courts for the severance of
her marriage ties. She alleges that for
the last six years her husband has in
dulged in intoxicants to such an extent
that he has been unable to provide her
with the necessaries of life and that she
has been compelled to rely upon her own
endeavors for the support of herself and
minor children. She alleges that he is
now a common drunkard and a source of
great annoyance to her. The Kesslers
were married in this city In 1873.
Liquor Causes Unhappiness.
Amelia Holland, who was married to
August K. Holland in September. 153*.
commenced an action for divorce against
him yesterday on the ground of cruelty.
Ehe alleges that he has frequently beaten
and choked her and called her vile names.
On one of the occasions, when Holland
was in his tantrums, alleges Mrs. Hol
land, she was compelled to flee to the
home of her parents In her night clothes
to escape his wrath. She alleges that
her husband receives a salry of $150 a
month as an employe of the Golden Gate
restaurant, and asks the court to award
her $50 per month alimony and give her
permission to resume her maiden - name,
Xiclsen. She also asks that her husband
be compelled to return to her a gold
watch and ring now In his possession.
The jewelry, she alleges, Is. her property.
Says Holland Beats Her.
Alice M. Jordan was granted a divorce
from Robert W. Jordan, to whom she was
married in Ohio two years ago. by Judge
Seawell yesterday on the ground of fail
ure to provide. Mrs. Jordan testified that
Jordan married her under the impression
that she was possessed of considerable
means, and commenced to neglect her as
f»oon as he found out that ehe was not
w*eilhy. — -- ¦ ¦ ¦- —
Judge Murasky granted Stella M. Smith
a divorce from John S. Smith yesterday.
Mrs. Smith eaid hc-r husband willfully
neglected her. They were married at
Santa Rosa In 1538.
"On the way to Nome," said Mrs.
Meyer, after tho court and the spectators
had recovered from the shock caused by
her remarkable admission, "he would not
!et me eat my meals in peace. He insist
ed upon dining tete-a-tete with me and
then followed me about the ship. He
would not let me remain alone for a min
ute, and If I stopped to speak with any
one he immediately came to my side and
remained there until whoever 1 happened
to be talking- with left me. After we
reached Nome he continued his close
v.atch on me, and I finally left him and
came back to this city. I have heard
from him several times since. In his last
letter he asked me If 1 had procured a
divorce yet. saying that if I had not he
wculd like to have me send him some
money." .
Judge Hebbard grafted Mrs. Meyer
the divorce she prayed for.
Dined Tete-a-Tete.
Mrs. Meyer Is a large, handsome
woman, with prematurely gray hair. She
was married to Meyer at Oakland two
years ago. She went with her husband to
Nome immediately after their marriage
and remained with him there until after
he had established himself In business. It
vas on the voyage to Nome thacher hus
band's jealousy developed. According to
Mrs. Meyer's testimony it made her to
miserable that her life became a burd»n
and she left him 3nd returned to this city
and commenced proceedings for divorce
on the ground of cruelty.
"He was so Jealous of me. Judge, that
he would not even let me take a ba.th In
private."
'•Well, I think—' said Judge Hebbard
(to whom the remark was made yester*
day by Mrs. Clara Meyer, who is suing
George Meyer for divorce "I think—pro
ceed with your testimony, madam." And
the Judge kept his thoughts to himself.
The Associate/i Oil Company may con
struct a rival pipe line after a time, but
such a task would be a very large one
for the comparatively small outside com
panies in their individual capacity. Clearly
an interesting stage of oil history will ba
reached In this State when the Standard's
line to Point Richmond Is ready for use,
and the. contingency -is a theme of con
stant discussion on the part of inland pro
ducers of. oil.
. The producers of oil at various points
near the coast, having immediate access
to water transportation, are watching the
situation with not less interest than are
those who now have to depend entirely
upon rail transportation to get their fuel
oil to market In this city, and to whom
the intentions of the Railroad Commis
sioners are a matter of Importance.
The action of the Board of Railroad
Commissioners: in reducing the rate for
moving oil by rail from, the Kern River
district to this city a few cents per bar
rel Is not likely to permanently affect tho
situation to any marked extent, though
there 13 a present benefit.. especially to
those who are concerned in outstanding
contracts for oil fuel. This is the opinion
ot oil men In San Francisco. When, the
Standard Oil Company has completed iu»
pipe line to Point Richmond the cost of
moving fuel oil by that agency will be
approximately something like 8 cents per
barrel, or possiDly a little Ies3. The rail
rates agreed upon under the compromise
ettecteu aurins the week by the com
plainant and tne railroad companies be
tore tne Kailroad commissioners are sev
eral times tne prospective pipe line cost
of transportation.
The Standard Oil Company has begun
to establish. Its pipe line system to tide
water on San Francisco Bay for It3 own
use. The company has already a vast
amount of fuel oil in storage and is con
structing vast tankage for tne storage
of still greater quantities from Kern
County.
In a very few months the Standard
Company's pipe line will be completed
and ready lor operation. The competi
tion In tnls city now 13 strong between
the various parties who are supplying
fuel oil under contracts to manufacturers
and other employers of large power In a.
mechanical way. The Associated Oil
Company and the outside companies that
are building up a market here to the best
of their ability are equally concerned in
being able to meet the Standard Oil Com
pany on even terms If possible, and the
difference between pine line transporta
tion and the cost of moving by rail Is cer
tain to be a problem. In which thousands
of stockholders In oil companies are con
cerned.
Left at Nome He Ap=
peals to Spouse
for Money.
Developments.
Producers Are Anx
. iousiy Awaiting
a Rtrong.resemblance between the photo
graphs and the. man who ' received . the
goods,, but he would-noV say • that they
wereofthe same person. "¦•;. ,' ¦ - : .¦'.-¦
Al S. Crawford," the clerk in the Chron
icle i office who received 'the advertisement
from Bennett,', was ! anything:- but certain
of • the .•• resemblance between • Hadiey's
photograph and the murderer. He thought
that the . face from the nose down S was
similar, but as regarded the upper portion
of the face It was his opinion ' that the
catch Hadtey for forging a check. I told
him that I had. burned Charley's clothes
after he left I also told him of. the blood
stains on the underclothing.' : Captain
Seymour also deceived .me.', -He called'at
my home and asked ifl had^a handker-"
chief that Hadley used: and-; I^told- him
I did not. He then walked", over to my
bureau and- opened. : a- drawer, and 'picked
one up and told me ,I-was ; very -careless.*
He said the handkerchief.. was like that,
found beside -the dead body of, Nora' Ful-
- A little while , before " Hadley ' disappeared a
messenger boy came to the house with a note
for him. • It was from a woman and she had
sent It to the Examiner office and they had
sent.lt to the- roopis: Hadley read the not?
and said there was no answer. I The note read
something like this:. "Charlie, dear. I am
waiting for you. Can I se* you to-night? I
will wait until 12." I bribed the boy with a
dollar to tell me where the woman was. He
said she was In a room on Stockton street and
I. asked him If It. was a sporting houso. He
said no, .It waa Just a room. Then I told blm
to tell the' woman ; that Hadley- was sick and
that he wanted her to telephone to him. She
telephoned and* I answered. She. asked for
Hadley. and I asked her who she was. She
asked me who I was. and I told her I was Mrs.
MESSENGER BRINGS NOTE.
Hadley brought home some false mustaches,
false whiskers and false faces. He used to
bring: home a good' many funny things. He
brought' home a- rattle and oth*r- things like
that.-. I save the things to the children. I
have seen him | wear the false mustaches at
home,-,but I never saw him wear them outside
of the house' or ¦ down town. '
dark hajr. slightly tinged with gray; he parted
his hair on the elde and combed; It down flat,
and h.« had heavy hair; his nose was broad; his
front teeth- were far apart.'- and :ne was sensi
tive about them: *he had a scar on his right
eyelid, as though some one had scratched him.
and there was Just a slight droop to his right
eyelid; he had weak .eyes and he wore glasses:
he was smooth shaven and he did not ¦wear a
mustache; his , weight was atxnit 180 pounds:
he had very, broad shoulders; he .walked very
erect: his : right leg was slightly bowed, and
he said it came from riding a horse; he carried
his head forward; he was Just a little taller
than I am fprobably ' five feet eight Inches);
he was very quiet and never told anybody his
business/ - - .- , ' - . ." • ... • •
Leaves Him When Un=
able to Stand His
Espionage.
Use of It May Result
in Reduction of
Standard. Company
Rapidly Laying Its
Pipe Line.
Jilted Wtiman(^
. Ill WB : IK^^HM:<c^iMiSiS: : ; ; ;
George Meyer's Wife
Secures Divorce
for Cruelty.
POLICE DISCOVER NEW MURDER SUSPECT
IN CHAS. B. HADLEY, WHO HAS DISAPPEARED
HUSBAND
WAS VERY
JEALOUS
BIG OIL
CONDUIT
GROWING
Pages29to40
Pages 29 to 40
¦SAN: FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, A^RIL 20, il9,0£LROME, April 19. — The Chamber of Deputies
to-day approved, without ; discussion, the pur
chase of a building in -Washington to be occu
piedby the members of the Italian embassy. ; -
LaflBsilMBIHBBMHBn«BHB!esnBferiMMSM>R£M«»«f7j
Big. Crowd at Football ; Game.
LONDON. April. 19.— The. Shaffleld ,Tjnit
ed: and Southampton clubs ' football . game
this afternoon :.at Lthe", Crystal ', Palace
grounds for the ; possession : of - the Eng
lish'cup, the blue ribbibn of.'British'foot
ball, 'resulted in a ; draw, each team ; scor
ing ; a" goal. ; -. Fully J 120,000 ¦ spectators wit
ucsaeci the came. ¦¦,,.) .>;•;.'
pp^l-rf HAT the ¦ memory of Robert.; B.
. II ?,- Mllro'y; the deceased : secretary of
II l .the v New, California." Jockey Club,
•; . ; UL is i revered ; and ; respected ; by his
, ; ¦-;¦.: ; thousands - of friends was .made
manifest yesterday . by the 1 larga gathering
of turf 'lovers "who '^ passed Jthrough- the
turnstiles' at : Oakland track. .:. : , .' }'
' Klr4d and generous- to' a fault in life,^ he
1 eft no f ortune;'and the ,ehtlr<T receipts of
the day were ; donated by the association
the v departed had ' served \ so- faithfully to
the family -he left- behind.; '.: . •'. ;^ •.
'Itris gratifying to^relate, that '; noclimit
was : set onlth6 price of admission tickets,
and ; they brought 'sums .varying I from $250
down to %1 50," netting; a T tidy, sum.:/ :
The; sport was excellent and thoroughly
enjoyed by- the ;i big * throng. Horsemen
entered liberally^ and the majority 'of : the
fields were"! large -and unwieldy, even
though 'i 50 ¦ per cent ' of ; the purse -.was [ der
ducted, to be applied^to the benefit fund.-;
Our . Pride 1 and v Doublet' '; signaled
first' by ,' the ; jqdges, i startingj as • warm i f a
vorltea; in :.the i bettlngV^while .i BrJeton,"'.Ul- t
lba."King Dellis and Frank "Woods scored
at all kinds. of prices. : . ¦'":
V In the most Imposlnr fixture of the pro
gramme/ the one-mile handicap, Doublet,
the " 9 ? to 10 . favorite, - defeated * February.
in a-hard drive. Prior/ had the -leg up on
the 'first choice, and >began imattera. after
the * start by 'taking, the ;lead and racing
Glendenning. to: a.; standstill. Howaon
astride ¦' February -put -in his-'' bid •-. when
fairly. headed for the stand. '-He crossed
the bar ¦ less i than ¦ a > length behind • the
first- choice. * Byron -Rose 'had . evidentl>
not :- recovered ; from »- his - bruislnk. race 6t
the) day, before," performVns indiffdrehtly. ¦;
v -There ; were -. thirteen \ starters in the In
troductory six-furlong scramble. Chappie,
at. 4Vi tol, closed favorite,; but got no por
tion of the ; purse.-.; The, winner; turned , up
in^Breton,7a^60;tO'l shot -played to r 3i»,
which, wiih Bert Webster up, beat Royal
'Prize -; a .Tneck.' ¦« Resin, ¦ another •; outsider, 1
finished thirds - , . • - V-c
'.Torn Ryan's Our Pride took the five-fur
long-: dash -from; CasBie^W: by: a head in a
whipping finish at the end.7Ca.ssle /W out
broke the Cbunch and .was only caught the
last'. few.yards.v-.The .winner went' to . the
post'a' 3 to 2 favorite; ;. u San¦Lution,^prom
inent; from jthe^ start, ran r Into/j the --show. 1
. Ulloa>; from* thd; stable of .A.- BASpreck
els, furnished the surprise ¦ In : the mile , free
The stars and stripes were flying at half
rn&st yesterday -over "the clubhouse of Sap
Francisco Golf -Club: as a tribute to tlie
memory of H.,B. Goodwin, who died.yes
terday morninjr.- .. » . .' *'-
• The late H.'B. Goodwin was one of the
strongest players In the club, and .duriro;
the year 1&00 was its captain. He learned
the elements of the Scotch game at Santa
i Monica, and under, the . tuition - of • Dave
Stephenson, who was for «ome time the'
resident professional . at • the . Presidio
rcuree, he improved rapidly. He won the
competition for the council's, cup fo» men
that was held during" November, 1900,'
beating S. L. Abbot Jr., the present cap
tain of the club, in the ' flTiat round.. He
died irora, appendicitis, the surgeons being
airaid to operate on account of the weaHr
nts« of the heart. As a mark of respect
the tournament between the Class A and
Class B i teams, scheduled for yesterday
afternoon,: was postponed." s _ :
Golf Club Flag at Half -Mast, as Mari
. of Eespect to Late "-H.' B. ", "' ;;
t .-"--.". Goodwin. „¦ „*
, Ratteries — Pittinger and Kittredge; McCann
and Ahearn. Umpire — Brown. •
Eight thousand people this afternoon saw
Boston score a victory after three successive
defeats at the hands of the Brooklyn team.
WJitle Brooklyn's men found Willis for nine
hije the Button pitcher kept "tfiem "safely scat
tered. Th« score:
Brooklyn ...v. '...'.'.'.'..'. 3 9 3
Batteries— Willis and Kittredse; McLain and
Parrell. Vrcpire— Brown.
ST. LOUIS. April 10.— Eleven errors, by the
Kt. I-culf team and. consistent hitting by the
PiUFburgs gave the second game of. the series
to the •v-ls'.tors by a score, of 10 to 4.. Attend
ance, 10.000. Score:
1, . -. ¦ ': ' ' R. :H. 7E.
Pt. Louis 4 9 11
Pittsburg ......10 .13 4
B*tterie»— ropp and. Ryan; Chesbro ark
O'Connor. . , „ . . . • . . .
CINCINNATI.' ;Aprt) J9.— Chicago 'scored the
third consecutive victorj- o>-er -Cincinnati to
day through Ewing'* wlldness ia giving liases
en balls. He allowed ten parses to Hrst.' At
tendance. 1500. Score-: -; .
Cmeinnztl .'. .'v.- .::'.'..... ' .; 5' 10' 'i
Chicago , 9 5 5
Batteries — Ewlog and Bergen: Gardner,
iihoades. Chance jtaA Klins. Umpire— EmsHe.
"SKXV YORK.' 'April !»:•— i>hi!adelphia de
feated' New York at lh« Polo grounds to-day
rrrfkir.ft it two stralrht In rwvence for the vjc-
U+y rained ever tbefti by tbe New Yorks fast
ThvTfity. Th« Jo^al tfam had eleven hits to
the visitors' eight. Attendance. 12,000. The
Kh'lac'ftlrh'a -...,.:«', «' . . -i
M*w Yt«fc 4 ' 11 71
Batter "t.* — fie 1 * bury. Vooibtes b nd L>oln; !
, Thit!n:4jj enc.Ycag.r. t'mp re — OT-'ay. - ;
'/.'.' ¦: -AMERICAN LSAGUE. '
-jfceTON. April 19. — Eo*toa .aucplcourly 1
opfefttd an Amerlciin League er/ison in this (
city to-day, winning a ctubbomly contested
F*me by a batting raJly in the ninth inning.
Attendance. 14.0CO. The score: ,
Baltimore *. .*..... 6 - 10 . - 1
Batteries— Young and Criger; Hughes and
Eoblnson. Umpirerr-Ctmnolly.% ¦•
STOCKHOLM. Sweden. April 19.-^-SUurd
Ibpen. son of Henrlk Ibecn, the Norwegian
poet and dramatist, has accepted the ' portfolio
of -etate ia M. Bkhr"8 new Cabinet.' '.. ,
Turnstiles Record a Large Attend
ance cf Spectators at the Games
V- in Various Cities. :
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON. April 19. — Brooklyn "won the open
ing National League same' in this city, played
this meming, after, a hard contest of thir
teen innings. Both pitchers worked well. At
tendance, 50C0. The score: -"._
£ .':' ".:' :>¦: ~-.i:U n» h. e.
I?oct^n l 2 2
Brooklyn ...... 3 . 11 3
EASTERN BASEBALL SEASON
IS AGAIN IN FULL SWIKO
OAKLAND, . April * 19.— Another oppor
tunity will be given the anxious hordes
of local baseball fanatics \- to-morrow
morning,to see Magnate Ewing's pets. and
Uncfe Harris' ponies hitch '. up in the same
pasture// Game] wlll^ be called at s 10:15 oiv
theFreeman Park" diamond.^ .'
:" Since" the homfe players have . struck iarj
all-conquering gait the ' folldwers of the
team' have, become surcharged* with;eh
thusiasm,. and .' it K ¦ 1b t expected - that : great
volumes - of . this will . be , turned - loose on
the slightest provocation. .¦•¦/ • ' -.
The Freeman Park grounds have been
considerably Improved and numerous ad
ditional . accommodations - have been ' pro
vided;for the public.
Grounds, w
fiimday Qairie oh the Home
Big Cro vd. Expected to Witness Fi r ft.
University of California Team D«
' :r "-'¦ feats Stanford Handily. •
A large crowd was on hand at the Caji
fornia Tennis Club courts yesterday to
witness the annual /intercollegiate tennis
matches. The University, of California
again '' scored ' an overwhelming victory
over Stanford. . • •: - '. - ¦¦¦'''
The first and most important match of
the day was that between Harry Weihe
of Stanford and Reuben Hunt of Califor
nia. After each ¦ had ¦' won ' a ¦•; game
in the first set the next; seven went to
Hunt straight before his opponent was
able to win one. In the second eet Weihe
iriiproved slightly, but his opponent was
not to be denied and won'. without much
of an effort. The score in Hunt's favor
¦was e— 1, 6—2. tf '•- ¦
• While the two college . champions were
struggling on the flrsc court- the > second
men, Drummond MacGavin of California
and Cleveland Baker: of Stanford; -.were
deciding the question :of supremacy be
twe'en' them. MacGavin won 'in. straight
sets* '«— 3, 6—3. The inexperienced : Stan
ford -man played a plucky, game and went
down tp defeat with. colors flying. Baker
won tho' first three games when if began
to seem MacGaVin was going. to have an
off: day, but. the Berkeley crack; steadied
down and took the next six games. :,
After winning both singles matches the
Berkeley men 'had a great deal of; confi
dence and played .'a '• Splendid game, in
doubles. • In this match -'the ¦•- contestants
were; Weihe and Frank Lieb "of Stanford
and Hunt and George Bake?, of Berkeley*
This match also»resulted in a victory 'for
'Berkeley, the score being 6 — 2,6 — 3. - " y
OAKI/AND BAI/L "FANS"
V * TO /TURN OUT ST.HONG
TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIPS.
(S): third, Crossman (S.). Time. :o2>A
..120-yard low hurdles— Powell and Cheek, a
deard h^at: Taylor third. Tlmd, :25 3-5. -
High hurdles— Hannlgan. Cheek and Powell,
a 'dead beat. No ¦ time taken. ;
Mile run— Won by Redewell (U. C), Hol
man (S.J second. Gay (S.) third. Time,
4:43 2-5. •¦¦"¦¦. . r
Two-mils run— Service (U. C.) first; Burton
(S.) eecond, Westdahl (U. C.) third. Time,
lfl:45:l-5.- ¦ ., • ; . ¦: ¦ •. ¦ i
.Broad jump — Won by Hussey- <U. C); seconu.
Tiffany (U.-C); third, Lyons (S.). Dlatanct,
21 feet OVi Inches. ¦ ¦ :
Pale vault— Wllcox (U. C.) first, Whitaker
(S.) sec«nd. Bells and Geary (U. C.) tied for
third. Height; 10 feot 7% inches.
High Jump— Cheek (U. C.) and Powell (U.-O
tied for first. Height.' 6 feet 8V4 inches. - ' -
Hammer throw— Plaw (U. C> flrat, . Hart
line second, Albertson ' third. Distance, 153
feet 10 inches.: ' • . '¦¦-•¦.¦ "
Shotput— Flaw flrat, Hj-de second, -. Tautz
third. -. Diitance. - 42 feet 8^4 inches.
Helay race— .Stanford won. ¦
In si trial after the games- J. C. Mc-
Caughem. Stanford track captain, ran 220
yards in 22 seconds— a new coast record.
GOLF MATCH POSTPONED ;>
ON THE PRESIDIO - I.INKS
The relay race/ which' many 'tKOught/
would go to California, was won easily
by Stanford. . Dunn; who was in the first
relay, gained a lead of forty yards. This
lead was maintained throughout the race.
Both the mile and the two-mile events
were v/on by California.. Burton,, who
finished second in ¦ the two-mile, ran a
good race. He was the only Stanford man
to finish. California easily won the ham
mer throw and the ehot-put; Plaw did
not try to break hig record in the ham
mer throw. Powell and Cheek tied for
first place in the high Jump at 5 feet 8 1 /-
Inches. Hussey won the broad jump, cov
ering 21 feet 9V6 Inches rather easily. Wil
cox cleared 10. feet 7»4 inches in the. pole
vault. The following are the' results In
detail: - ;:
ICO-yard dash — First heat — Won by ' Cado
gin (TJ. C); eecond. Brown (U. • C); third/
Hawley (S.). Time, :10. 1-5. Second heat—
First, Abadie* (U. C): second, J. McCaughem
(S.); third, Hussey. Time, ;10 1-5. Final heat
— Won by Abadie (U. C); second, Cadogau
CU. C): third. Brown (U. C). Time. :10. ¦:
220-yard dash— First heat— Hawley ' <S.>r
first: Luce (S.). second. Time, ::30 2-5. Se<S»
ond' heat — First, Hamilton (S.): second, J.
McCaughem <H.). Time. :22 3-5. Final heat
— Hawley, J. llcCa^iyhem. JiamJlton and Luce
ran a -dead heat. No time taken. -
Half-mile run— Service (U. C.) won; Thorn*
son (S.) eecond; Chadbourne third. \%
Quartfer mile— Smith (S.) won; second, Duriu
The 100-yard dash went to Berkeley in
JO seconds. Abadie led all the way. In
the 220-yard not a California man quali
fied for the final heat. The four Stanford
entries ran a dead heat in slow time. The
half-mile was anybody's race until the
stretch, • when -Service drew away from
his competitors and won handily. { . ;
Stanford won all three places in the
quarter-mile. Smith, who won, could have
made better time had it been necessary.
Stanford earned more • points than was
expected. Kuhn, the crack hurdler, was
taken to San Francisco this morning suf
fering from appendicitis. Bell, the fresh
man pole vaulter, was not in condition.
-\-'i were present to witness the events
—the largest field' day attendance ever
seen at Stanford. The track was in f air
condition and most of the events were
closely contested. " :
The feature of the^ meet was the 220
yard low. hurdles. Cheek, Powell and
Taylor qualified for the final. The coast
record of 26 seconds was lowered to 25 3-|j
seconds by Cheek and Powell, who ran a 1
dead heat for first place. .-¦;.'/'
STANFORD." UNIVERSITY. April 19.
The' University of .California ath
letes won the tenth annual inter r
Collegiate field day at Stanford
this afternoon by. a score- of 78Vj
points to 43*£. About 1500, people
bases— Los Angtle; 10. Sacrainflnto 7. Struck
cut— By Waddell S. Hit by pitcher— Raymer.
I>oubl« pl*ys> — Toman to Raymer to Atherton;
Hcteaiaen to Doyle. Tiree of game — 2 hours
and -_".j minutes/ Umpire — McDonald. Official
fccorc-r — Price-- ,
;',.,,¦ r • SUMMARY. ¦¦-¦ '¦ \:'r-r
¦Eum responsible for — Waddeil 4, THoina« 2.
Two-bate -hltx— Householder- 2. Sla^lf, Doyle,
Itebcair.en. Sacrifice ¦ hits— Toman 2, Rellly,
lX>yic 3. Rebsamen, Graham. First base on
trrors — Sacramento- 1. First base on called
balls— Oflf Wadd*it '3. eff Thomas 5. Left on
AB. R. BH. Sa PO.A. E. :
Fheehan. Ob -..3 5 '2 0 3 3 1
Doyle, 2b ...2 0 1 0 3 10
Rebsamen. cf 4 0 2 0 .4 » 1 O
Birmingham, lb 5 0 1 0 15 O 0
Frarj . rf-- 5 0,0 O 0 0 O
Orcham. c 3 0 O 0 { 13 1 j
McCarthy. If 4, 0 0 0 2. 0 .0
Briseno, ee : ... 4 0 0 0 2 7 O
Thomas, p... 32 1 0 0 2 0
Totals S3 4^.0 30 I" 2
v - Kt'N'S AXD HITS BY INTOXGS.' . /
t£8 Aneele* ..l.lO O O O 0 1 1 0 '0 0^-2!
Base bit* , 1 1. O a 1 3 2 O 1.1 — 10 |
Sacramento 0 0 1 0 10 0.0 0 2 4'
B*£$ hits :....-. .2 0 2 0 1 0 0.0 0 2—71
Tolals ...... ..33 2 10 2 30 S3" 3
SACRAMKXTOl - . ". .«;>*> ¦'*
Defeats Los Angeles in a Ten-Inning
Game.
LOS- ANGELES. April 19.— It took Sac
rainenlo's ball players ten innings to
win to-day's game— a. game that should
have gone to the home team but for hard
luck; To Thomas, the new pitcher for
the Sacramentos, and Briseno. a diminu- J
tive local shortstop, who took Unglaub's
place, is due the credit of winning the
game. Thomas pitched steady, intelli
gent ball,, and Briseno's phenomenal
catch of a Hue fiy cut off two runs.
Waddell made a strike out record, but
•was hit when hits were needed. In the
fourth fnumg the big southpaw struck
out three men in succession. - Two- bad
throws bv Waddeil to - second., which
Toman was unable to handle, were ex
pensive to the locals. Score: . ,
LOS ANGELES. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Toman. £S '3 © 0 0 0 5" 2
Hannlvan. If ....... 5- 1 1 '1 0 0 0
jUliertcr.. lb 4 0 1 1 12 2 0
HousehcWcr, cf 5 0 3 0 2 O. 0
Itaymer, 2b ..... S O 1 0-3 -5 O
nellly. Jo :. 2 0 6 0 2 4 0
Anderson, c ..3 0 10 9 -3 0
XVsddeH. p 4 O 0 0 14 1.
SJagle, rf 4 1 3 0 1 «' Oi
SACRAMENTO A WINNER.
Twelve faced the barrier in the mile
selling affair. A plunge was indulged,.in
by the talent on Dlomed, and-for a spell
it -'looked a - well-timed <mew In the stretch,
though*, the Red Iron "Morse wearied, and
Willie See. landed Frank Woods in front
by a comfortable margin. Bab. 6utfo"bt
ed by Dlomed the first seven-eighths,
would have caught the chestnut in an
other stride or so and taken the place.
handicap. The mare, with Larry Daly in
the saddle and as good as 13 to 1, gained
the verdict In a neck finish with Bob
Palmer, a SO to 1 shot. Oscar Tolle. the
favorite, looked like a promising candi
date for possible show honors to the
stretch, where he died away. Jennie
Reid, • played from 12 down to 5, came in.
with the stragglers.
L. Spencer, own brother to the redoubt
able "Iceman," had the mount on Kill
doe, first choice in the speculating on the
fifth number. The youngster's intentions
were good, but ; he found more pockets
than space and ! his mount ran unplaced.
Larry Daly celebrated his second victory
by reaching the wire first on King Dellis.
more than a length ahead of Skip Me.
Show honors fell to MacFlecknoe.
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S AT OAKLAND TRACK
ATHLETES WHO TOOK PART IN INTERCOLLEGIATE FIELD DA"Y.
Twe-base hit— Leahy. Sacrifice hit — Dev
ereaux. First ta*e on errors— San Franaisco 1.
First bate on called bails — Off Whalen -2. off
Hodsen 6. Left on hases — San Francisco JO.
Oakland 5. Struck out — By Hodson 1. Hit by
pitcher — Bone. Double play — Francks to
Ktreib.. Passed ball— Lehman. Time of ?ame
— 1 :50. Umpire— O'CcnnelL "Ofricial sewer —
Harry Caehmaa. ¦ ;¦:'
SUMMARY.
Totals '* :3l .3 10 1 27 14 2
. 'Two out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ban Francisco... 00600002 0 — 2
Base hits 120010030—7
Oakland 0 00 0 0 0 0 1 2—3
Base. hits...... 0 0") 1 0 10 2 2 3— 10
¦ ; oaklaxd. :;';\t;v:
AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A. E-
Wtlters, c. f.-. 4 Ol VI 0 0
Moh!er. 2b 4 1 2 0 1 3 0
Ktrelb. lb 4' O 1 0 14, 0 O
McCre*<3ie. r. f 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
l>evereaux, 3b '. 3 0 2 0 '0 --3 .'*O
. Ducleavy. 1. f 4 1 0 1 0 0 v 1
. fancies, s. e 4 0 2 0 5
Lohman, c 2 0 0 0 4 1, 0
Hodson. p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Christall, p.. 10 1 0 0 0 0
Oakland aga'n made the Ponies look like
four nickels in a slot machine yesterday
afternoon. They landed* on little Chim
mie der While: in the last debate of the
day and hatted la two runs, which enti
tled them to the money anH .praise.
Francks >dld the important stunt with a
drive to the center garden, scoring Mc-
Creetlie, who was at' second.
McHale did fine work in left field, and
Shugart frequently provoked loud cheers
frcni the -spectators by the clever way he
chased flics around third. Little Mohler
was as clever as ever at. second-. Buck
Frar.cks robbed Whalen of a clean hit by
his "last work at short. The Ponies did
not make a-single miscue, but lost on ac
count of not slugging hard enough. The
score: \ . . — ¦ , ¦
BAN FHANOSCO. ¦ ; ; -
r ''' • AB. K. BH. 6B. PO. A. E.
53fKale, 1. f. 5 0 10 X 10
BoAe, i'b:. .:......:. 4 0 10 0 3 0
l*wler.;c.;f,......: 311 1 '• 2 0 /«
Holly, s: e. :..:..... 5 0 0 0 4 2"^0
hJmgart. 3b 4 ~"4 2-0 5 2 O
Lefchy. «..;„;¦.".; 3 ft 1 'O 1 ,SO
l>imas, Jb. 2 O 1 O 12 0 O
Croll.r.f .^.'3 0 0 0 10 0
"VVfealcn, y :.„ 4 .0 O O 0 . A . 0
Total* V. ....H 2 7 1 *2$ 15 0
Portions of three stakes were run a.
Union Coursing Park .yesterday, leaving
the concluding rounds for to-day. In au
dition to these the champion stake, will
be run in its entirety. The acore: ...
Reserve stake— J.- H. Bishops Arsyle -beat
P. RelUy-s Lord Groaard, 4-0: O. ZaM a O Kara
beat- W. C.de B. Louez'a Easer, .4-1; *"• V-.
Bllck's Advance- Guard beat W. C. tie i>.
Lopez's Biackford Lad. H-5; F. Rosenberger a
Lady Chlqulta beat P. D. Roche's,' Alike Fer.
ton 4-0; E. Geary's Little Jim beat v\.
Creamer's Onward. 8-2;. M. Dillon's Cliallenget
beat J . Conley-a New Moon. 5-0;. J. O'Briens
Statesman beat t. Meagher-a Royalist.- 5-2; * .
C Mack's Delia M tjeat S. Henderson 3 TraUi
Dollar s-l;.T. .Jolley's Toronta-beat J. Sh*.r
ldan'a Tim Murphy. 10-t»r T. Maher'a. -.Loid
Goff beat F. Rosenberger's Master li\y. , S-l;
A. J Ernest's Rich Argosy beat X Hurlaj s
Rlley Grannan.'8-3; P. Rellly's Lady Granara
beat Vi. - t C\ d« B. Lopez'a Charlie C~x *>--;
Pasha JCennela' Resal AtUre be . at^-i^'hiJ 1^
Sw^fct Peas. 4-0;. M. Kerrigans Prometheus
bea:t E. L. Hathaway-s Bridget Cleary 5-^. V.
C. BUck's Yellow Tall beat M\ Sullivan a Vag
rant 4-3; G. Welch's Little Lucy beat C. u.
WhaHan's Miss Shirley, 1^-5. •' "
Second round— Arsyle beat OHara. 6-0.
Lady Chlqulta beat Advance Guard 4-U; Chal
lenger beat Little Jim. 4-::;
Statesman/ 3-2; Toronto beat Lord Ooff 16-1 J.
*R. Curtis' Medea A
A. Laounha's Flambeau, 18-6; J. **-. K03 »
Creswlck beat J. Conley' s Humming Bird, 7-1.
F • A McComb's Otto beat E. McAndrew*
Nancy Till. 10-5; Aeneld Kennels* . May Marn
ing beat A. J Vanderwhite's Hot slugs. 7-O.
J Regin'f Menlo Prince beat T Logan^ Lor \
French 23-11- P. Doyle's Hishatepper beat O.
Starts* Step On. «-l; Chlarlnl Bros.' Concord
ioy beat D. WJeking-s Joun f K?*"-J-*-J-
Sullivan's Sllevenamon beat A. A. Lacunna s
J< Op"n e sSke^-lcSemif Kennels' Mose beat J.
McNeil's Black Hawk. 8-4; T. Burke's A? S Ie
\V beat A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald.
5-0^ C. O. Peterson's Haphazard .beat A. K.
Curtia' Anchor. 2-1; Sterl & Knowles' Olita
t?at F. B Gerber-s Rlenzu 5-4: ;E. G**ry*
Fenll beat P. M. Clarkaon'a Flower of t.old.
4-0- P Doyle' a Liberator beat E/lledViy'n Full
Moon,* 13-8; Pasha- Kennels' Royal Archer beat
O Zahl's Mlsa Wilson. 3-O: J. U Ross Loyal
Lad beat G. Sharman'a LlttTe Sister o-4: H.
H Gray's Rona beat 'P. Scott's Half i-cu>n.
a-'l- A McLeod's Royal Friend beat P. Mul
larky's Mamie Pleasant. C-3; Alameda Ken
nels' Melroae Lad beat J. S. BadVs Lovina.
4-2- Chlarini Brothers' Semproniua beat P, M.
Clarkson's Miss BummeO.o-1; E. Geary s.Ite
land beat B. Silva'a Master Rocket 3-2; A.
Vanderwhite's Lear King beat H. L. Mehany a
Roxana 4-1; J. L. Ross' Herachel's Pride beat
G Coomb's Rustic Arbor. 4-O; F. Jones' Ilar
lcan Gladys beat D. J. Healy's For Glory. 6-0;
I* M Clarkson's Sofala beat E. Geary's Ray
Hughie 18-13; Pa3ha Kennel3' Roman Ath
lete beat A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides. 3-2: C.
Pickard's Bright Gold » bye. Fair. Oaks with
drawn; J. Carroll's Master Clalr beat A. R.
Curtis' Lost Chord, 2-1; C. G. Whallan s GU
more beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill. 5-0: J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen. beat H. Perlgo s Bel
fast 8-3; T. Jolley's Little May beat TV. C.
C.e B Lopes's Pepita, 3-O; G. Sharman'a Sir
Pasha beat Chlarinl Brothers' Santonin, 4-1 ;
J Moriarity*s Kittleman beat Alameda . Ken
nels' Fly by Night. 8-6; W. N. Hoag*» Cecil
M beat F. Jonea' Tyrone Prince. 5-4; - L.
Lagomaslno's La Belle beat P. M. Clarkatn'a
Prompto, 4-0; J. Carroll's Cascade beat .W.
Johnson's Articulate. - 7-5; Alam^d*t- Kennels'
Lilac beat F,' Jones' Lady- Newark,: 8-2; J. W.
Fahey*s October Lad beat- P.- H--VClarkscn'«
Golden- • Garter, *•!•: Pasha Kennels* ." Rocker
bea,t F. . Jones'^ Wedgewood. 4-1.", _ . ' ; _^ \
- John JDavlflsap^' the welf-Icno-WTT - tofhbh
st-ow judge, who will pass upon th^ iner
its of sporting dogs and the large breeds
at the San Francisco Kennel Club show,
was an interested spectator at the park
throughout the day.
EfTeclive Pitching Keep3 the
Score Blank for Seven
Rcunds.
Some Outside Chances Win
at Union Coursing,
Batticg. Rally in Ninth
Inning Beats the .
Ponies.
Curtis' Greyhound Is
Picked to Capture
Champion Event.
EWING'S TEAM
TAKES ANOTHER
RECTOR IS MADE
STAKE FAVORITE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ATHLETES DEFEAT STANFORD MEN
ON THE PALO ALTO CINDER PATH AT THEIR ANNUAL MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL ¦ StXND AY^, APRIL 20, 1902.
THE.GALjj'S RACINCa- FORM V OHART
OAKLAND RACETHACK-Saturday, April 19.^-Weather fine. Track fast
3623. FIRST RACE—Six furlongs; geUingr three-year-olds and up; to flrat. $150. ¦
, . ' '¦ / . ."V :,"". ! "i -' 1 ~~. .•¦ .- ¦ " : ¦ .. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ~ J BctUnt-. -
Index Hone, Age, ""Weight. St. #. ft. Str. Fin. Owner and ; Jockey. Op.
ZmT Breton, 3". ....... 105 4 4 \i 6 h 1 h In Mrs7 Lottrldge .. Webster 60 SO
3606 Royal Prize, a.. :lll 5 6 % -4 y» 2 h 2 5 . G. Pacheco.... . .Trawley 6 8
3545 Resin. 3.......... 97 7 9 Vi 7 1 5 1 3 4 Smith & Co. ......Butler 30 «0
31«7 Nellie .Helton, 0.. 109 2 2h 2h' 4h 4 h. Dickey & Lindner.. Kelly 15 20
3533 Billisis, 4 "....106 8-8 1 S^ 3n 5 h J. H. Bradf ord . . . . . . See .4 "
3620 Ooia Baron. 6. ...Ill U 11 82 7 1 0 4 H. U Haskell ...... Bell .10 12
34*12 Chappie, a...... ..112 3 5 1.6% 81 7 11. Morehouse. .McCarthy .¦*':.»•*..
.... Judgfr Napton. a. .111 0 1 % 1 J /S 6% 82 W. H. O'Brien..... Prior 10 8
3604 B. Bohnjanson; 4..108 1 3 & 9 %, 0 2 0 2 Klunder & Burns..I..paly 5 «
3367 Ural. 4 ...108 10 • 12 , 10. 10 10 W. E. Cotton Hoar 5 10
3500, SwUtlight. 3.'. 07 II . .7 n 12;... It; 11 -, k K. H. Jamea.... Donnelly 5 <• ¦
.3078 WllilanvBoyer, 4. .111 13 " 13 13-12 12 W- . McGuire. . . . . .Conley 20 30
313O.lLakeIand. a./^ v |U12^10,'Ui ' 1-V ¦ 13 •'• W. Curtls.V.'; ....Walker - --6 .-• fa ¦:.
Time— Vi":2S;. -V. - :3t;; Si^-iaewV Poor, start.' /"Won .first three drivings "Winner, Mr*. H.
: M*XottrldKa's d'..c. by-Oqd.Fellow-Iewel H. Toss up the sixteenth. -Breton^had
' worked.well. Billlsla can do batter. Chappy quit. Scratched-^Catherlne. Bravo _.iuu. car- _
'•'Ionian 108. '.. . "¦ »"'.,'.,-• '.-.. "' " \; »" . ' ¦_jTlJJ_!_lL 1 _^Jj^^JxJ^-^-^ "
3C3-J;. SECOND BACE-'Flv^ furlongs; selling; three-' year-ords: to first, $150. ¦'•
- ?-*. ¦¦ ,.- _ . . . j; ' ¦ _ : -r-r- ; -rr— - - r~ - Betting.
irid?x Horse .and "Fi«. : Owner and Jockey. Op. - Cl.
<3150>Our Pride. I.:..'.. 100 V- 3 1# 3 1 3h 1 h, T. H. -Ryan. ..i.Vlckery _2 3-2
8576 CassieW... 107 3 12 IS- ll'i 2 1, J. C.Nealon Hoar s>-2 7-2
8577 San Lutfon 109 4 2 1» U« 2 1 3 2 g James Wilson........ bee ... 2ft 15.
3011 Matin Bell.. ...... 00 87n.«l 5n 44 Chlnn & Forsyth.-Donnly 8 V»
S5T.7 Sleeping Child. ...106 5 "4 2, 4 3 4 %. 5 1 J. J..Maran,....Frawley o0 . 5 >
3(JIT Dwlght- Way ;...'.. 100 10 8 4 ,; 8 4 6 *i 6 % V. Gilbert. . . . ..A. Kelly 20 30
3481 Jingler 100 1 10. "7 »4 7.1 7 2 D. S. Fountain.... Prior b, - -5
3317 Discovery".... -....104 2 6 Vi 9 4 9 4 8 1 L. McCreery..Fauntleroy 40 . 20 :
::005 Myriad Dancer.... 101 0 ¦ 0 2 11 -.. « 10 9 4 Papinta .......Campbell 50. 50
3H05 Theron . .....101 6 < 5 h -5 n 8 h 10 P. McAullffe.-L. Spencer 30 100
3593 Yankee-Lass .104 11 8 4 10 2 11' 11 Smith- & Co. ; ¦ . .t,. Daly >1O ¦ la
Time — U, :24'4: »4. :49%: %, 1:02. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. T. H.
Ryan s b. g. by Dundee-Our Pet. "Winner best. Cassle tired neftrlng- the end. Jingler al
most left. Yankee Lass can do better. . Scratched— Robert •, Banner. II 101. Sol 100, Arthur
Ray. 112, KnocklngslX)7j_^___^^_^_-_^^__^^ -
3G25. THIRD RACE— One mlje; handicap; three-year-olda and up; to first. <150. ' -'"
I ¦ '¦ V- . ¦ '-, ¦: :. \ -...•-.¦ ¦ ¦'. . I , . ._¦.;. ¦ . .•¦¦-• ..'. Betting. ,
Index IHont.: Age. Weight. St. ' M. : H. Str. Fin. \ Owner and .Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(3502)]D6ublet. 5. . . : . ...120 3 1 n- In 1'2%.1 *4 D. S, Fountain..... Prior 1 ; 9 : 10—
3C04- February, a.:... .107 4 " 3 2 3 4 '2 n 2 3 J. S. Gibson. ....Howson • 8 • 12
3005 Glendenning. 3....102 1 2 6 2432 31 VS Montana Stable.^. .Hoar 4 0-2
: 3«21 Byron Rose. 4. .. .110 2 4 : 1 S 4 4 4 4 4 4- Ray Wilson. ....Frawley -<4 21-5
35i)6 Billy MOore, S.... 100 5 5 5 5 ••» T.' T. Rector.. ... .Knapp 10' 12;
Time— M. :24; ; % -:40; %, 1:15V4. Good start. Won first three driving. -Winner, p. S. v
Fountain's ch. g. by Domino -Lucy- Wallace. Doublet raced Glendenning to a standstill,
-but -was kept busy at "the. finish. Byron Rosa weary from the- preceding day. ;
3626. FOURTH RACE— On« mile ; Free handicap ; three-year-olds and up; to first, 5150. ,
S T" — ' -- ' •••¦ 1 ' i ~~- ' I •'¦¦¦•¦•¦ . -..- ¦ I B*tUng.
Irdex Horse. 'Age. Weight. St. M. U. , Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. - Qp. Cl.
SOAfT Ulloa 6 ....... ..107 5 '4 *\ 4 S ' 1 n 1 n A. B. Spreckels..L.'Daly 10 10;
3571 Bob Palmes, 4..;106 3 2 % 2 % 2 1% 2 2% W. H McNames....See 15 . 30
331P Grafter. 4 .......110 2 6 2_^ 6 1 4 % 3 4 L. A Blaslngame..PriOr 3 9-2
380G Elmer L. 4. .: . . .1051 7 7 1 7 2 - (I - 4 h Klunder &; Burns.. Fogg 15 40 .
SKOl Oscar Tolle 4 .'..110! 6 3 4 1 ltJ-3 h 5 8. E.-'J." Baldwin. .Raniom 22
861G Gawalne 4* ..... .1141 1 In 3% 5 1. 6 1... W. E. Cotton.. ••: .Hoar ,3 4
(3.183) Jennie Reid 6....104| 4 8 »i' B 1 7.*S ,7 2 J.M. Crane.... Donnelly - 10 ' 5\
3011 | Baldo. 3 ..*...... 00| S 53 8 8 8 B. Schrelber ; . . . . Knapp 10 15 \
Time— Vi :25M-V-< :50; %, 1:10%; mile, 1:4."! Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, • "
A B Sprocfceis'ch. m by Crighton-Zara. Ulloji and Palmer were both unexpected visitor*.
Prior on Graftar waited long enough. Oscar Tolle quit' early.-:' Jennie Reid was highly
touted and^thlBwaswhatiehedld^Ji^^
3G27. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;; selling; three-year-olcls and up;, to -first. $150. " ..."
• . I , . ,-. .. • •¦¦¦..-. . .' ¦ ¦¦•;¦¦;¦¦"" -. .-"• - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•• --• - ¦'-'.¦¦¦. Betting. ;' ¦
Index] Horse.-. Age. Weight. St. Vt. !i. • Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey., Op. : Cl.;
(3«0n King Dellls, ; 5 .... 114 2. » n 3 % 1 %' 1 l'i C.IJnd ;......:L: Daly "2 • 7-2
35J)8 Skip Me 4. ..';.. .106 I 1 2 Vt 2 n , 2 % '2 2% Covlrigton A Co.'.Vlckery 10 15
3572 MacFlecknoe, 5 ..111 H: 12^11 31 32 Green^A Henry. .Conley 5 6
3470 Mont Peeress, 3.. 05 4 T 7.1 7% 5 ;4 h J. Coffey :.:.J. Sh**han 15 20
;;CC5 Kllldoe 3 .97,0 :*\b-'*'Vi 4 h R 4 B. Schrelber. .L. Spencer 3 .11-5 ?.
3009 Our Liztle a. ...109 S 8 • 8 , 0 1 « 4 ; Ted Hayes ..See ¦-. 6 11-2 •-
S-117 Spa Lion, a......H4 3 5 Vi B 1 8 7 8 P. G. Lynch. ... .Troxler •..R 18.
S 83?2 Hilary, 5 ....::. '.Ill 7 6 2 5 4 7 1 8, Piedmont Stabl*,Bozemn 6 12
STiKt [Cathello,'3 ..:... 97 0 « :.. ... ... Clayton & Co.:. Donnelly 20 20
Tlme-r-U. «:24% ; V,. :4J>Vi ; ?i. 1:15.: Fair start.. Won first three driving. Winner, C.
Lind's b h by Kingston-Flower Dellls. Winner best ridden. Spencer on Kllldoe found all ;
the pockets. Our Lizzie almost left— "See?" Pea Lion only barked. Htlftrv i showed aV
-world of speed— in . private. Scratched— Intrepido i 108/ : Algareta 100, First Shot 111, Sir \ ¦
Claus 07, Satan 111, Berendos 108. »PuHod up. ; r_^ j^__^_^___!_^l T _-^ -'--'- '.-'.-''-..'-.-' '
3028. BIXTH RACE— One mile; eelllng: thrce-year.old^and up; to flrat, $160. .. • -<r: ; ¦•;
— -*- ¦¦— ' — ; . ¦ 1 ¦¦'-.- \ — : : i ~ ¦ : • . '-''. -. - ~~ Bettln;?. .
Index Horse; Age. |St. . %: ; H- ¦ StrlA Fin.; { t Owner, and Jockey. : OP-. C»- ,
tdilfflel^vS 111! i ' I*- II • 6 f It jkm^A^rcws-S^r MoS '2^?
3012 H^ad/trong. Vf?) 93 T^llt 10 V- 8 2 7 2-, Nell ft Bla«r.j; Sh^han 8 . 33
2080 Disturber. 6 -..:..112I!) 8^94 : 9 n fi 4 . 9. ;. A Brya a : . .T«l»m 6 . 30
1KM Titcnv r» ¦ • 1121 R 2 n ' 3 n 7 V- 0 6 George Miller L, 1 pall o 1';
:*m Bmy^yonV.^V-i^filloV In /ll^lOlOlOlO:. -T. B^Bortanc .Connelly . .15 ...M
Ukraen^C^Stabi^-b: ffl K'pS^
S a^hor^ks formTlV.^Set^n^nlf^r " '%%* TT^hin'- m* "l^fl Canled
.the place in another, Jump or two. - S6ratqhfd— Quadra 01. Urchin .112. .'Left.,.--,- - - •
30
s/Jl lVllvJO 1
J&&<^^&^ Why should any man be weak, puny and
* Mr "debilitated, when it is easy to be as big and \
Zf S'hisky as any man you see on the streets? •v,vr*i
*£ nil, .wwtfi en ~ynth small flabby muscles, :; thin- (
U* »^N8chcsted. <lull-eyed» short q£ , breath, without t
r - . v coaraRe. ambition, sand or grit in '
V ; .-"f! <^Jheir make-up, are WEAK MEN. If they. •'
I —¦¦*>» ;S were not born weak I can make' physical! "'
I , . ,.^r .giants of them. ' ¦• .~'^-':,- i - ,
- I am not performing miracles. I have^i
'•; ;; ; >^ - ~/W^^ — *v on}v discovered that
jr what makes all this,
.1" §^\ : ¦ X • -^^. xV strcnj?th, • this steam, --
¦ . ¦ '¦ '"• - a - " ' this FORCE in a man ' j
« ¦ ¦ '"^w : >v is his Animal Electric-" •
• v^ ¦ ¦ '•' ¦ *^" That " is what
T '"Vc^*^^ ' :^ makes < muscles and--
, \ \\\\ v vi^s. n^ a man wh o has
\ V . -^^^^^^^\^\ lost that power - and •
Nd \ >^^^^^P^^^^^ to him - and : can . do h -
x s^^^^^^^^^^^^ for I have done -it ior "
S "*'^>-l: vvS^^v^^^S^Ih^. • every town in this
""JK^fc7si^*^^^a^^i^}^i^|S ; ...country now who
'^BralfiRjy^gSs^ri thank me for makins:
<i^^^^!^^^^^^r^i ¦ ' ;. them feel once more
/.". : -. "¦' • •• r ..*'¦"¦---* i\\!\)S >~ ¦¦ "¦ .^-v- like '; greatest of ¦
God's creatures,*a MAN. Mr. \V." W:,Hilliard of Kingsley, Cal., wrote
me a few days ago: "The Belt was just the thing I needed- ; I am quite
a'man-nor'.v." ¦ ¦¦•¦•< •-•-¦.,-.;-,../
* Where .there is any physical constitution to work on my treatment
will develop -perfect strength. It will take the. slightest "spark of. vigor
"and fan it into a flame which will encompass the whole structure" and
charge every, nerve and muscle in the body with the vigor of youth.
Every man should understand that physical , power, large muscles,
strength and endurance come from smimal Electricity. My treatment
will pump every part of thebody full 'of that, and perfection will result.
.: -Mr. J. H. Buscombe, of Oak P. O.. Cal.,' a man who was 'stlrriost pWr-
alyzed.got one of my belts and wrote me lately: "Within four days after V
put it on my arms began to regain their power,, and now I feel as if I'coulcl
,lift;a house,." ... ' -'
. It will "niake 'a weak man 'strong and -,a strong man stronger, 'it mak->3
old men young, too. AT Crawford of " Pokegama, • Or., writes. March JO-
"When 1 order.sd the Belt I. told- you to send me. one that would restore vomh
andvlgor to an old man.. You did: and I can aak no more." IW
Send 'this ad. , " '' v . '
¦ SPECIAL NOTICE— 00 M »y 1st I will remove my offices to 906 Market st.. i
- corner of Ellis. .- ,¦•-. ¦ , • . ;. . ",
DR; M; C. McLavtfhlm 7^ market street
/; Y ¦ " -S IIU *> " San Francisco. Cal,
'-Offlc«'Hour8i8 t.'m.toJS p^ m.; .. .-.'. . . .; _ Sunday*. 10 to 1.AGED WARRIOR IS TAKEN
FROM HOME OF SQUALOR
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LONDON. April 19. — The first wheat ship to
come In - under the new taxation regulation*,
the German ship Henrlette, from San Fran
cisco, arrived In the Tyne . yesterday. • Tb*
American wheat on board the Vessel will hart
to pay a duty of £660.
SAN JOSE.' April 19. — Carl' Jansen. as ad
ministrator of the estate of Peter E. Janaen,
deceased, has sued the Pacific Manufacturing
Company to recover $20,000 damages . for the>
death of the deceased, who on March 30 lost
hia life while unloading lumber In Santa Clara
for tho defendant. Negligence la alleged.
Washington Dodge, the Assessor, swora
to a complaint before Judge Cabanlss
yesterday afternoon charging James Mc-
Nab of McNab & Smith, draymen, with
violating section 445 of the Penal Code,
which requires that every employer of
labor must give to the Assessor tha
names and addresses of all his employes.
The Assessor alleges that McNab refused
to . give the names and addresses of his
employes to one' of.' his deputies.
Refuses to Give Names.
Mrs. Dr. Stockhaxn's Funeral.
OAKLAND. April 19.— The funeral of
the late Mrs. Marllla D. Wllson-Stock
ham, one of the first women physicians
of this city, was held this afternoon from
a local . undertaking parlor. The Rev. B.
H. Benson of Santa Clara, assisted by
Chaplain McAllister of Mare Island, of
ficiated. Those who acted as pallbearers
were W. P. Wheeler, F. M. Farwell, A.
W. Brodt and M. Main. Interment waa
in Mountain View Cemetery. -
Choral Society Formed.
The California Choral Association was
formed yesterday. Its object is to furnish
the public with high class vocal music.
The : following board of '. directors was
elected for the coming year: T. H.
Hooke. James E. Gordon, W. C. Stadt
field. S. A. Larsen, H. B. Maggs, A. P.
Black, W. H. Knowles, W. H. Dundas
and W. R. Kneiss. The association pro
poses to give public concerts at short In
tervals, the dates of which will be given
out a few days prior to the recitals. Tal
ented artists will be brought from ,the
East, and the affair promises to be a bis
success.
Mrs. M. A. Diets Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, April 19.— Mrs.- Mary A.
Dietz passed away at her home at tho
West End last night. She was an early
settler here, and with her late husband
conducted the Sunny Cove bathing resort
for years. Deceased was a native of New
York and 80 years of age.
BERKELEY. April 19.— The Berkeley
High School nine was defeated this after
noon by a picked team from the Oakland
High School In a game played on the uni
versity campus. The score was 10 to 13.
Oakland lost the Academic Athletic
League game to Berkeley by default last
week and the match to-day waa played
merely for practice.
Oakland Wins Ball Game.
County Board of Education to-day grant
ed the following certificates:
High School— Olive L. Taylor. Ada M. Corn
wall. Mary T. Gallagher. Renewals — Mildred
Taylor.
Grammar grade — Mary I. Bentley. Renewal*
— A..H. Tates, G. A. Benjamin. Carrie S. Mer
wln.
Primary — Catherine O. Allen. Grace P.
Newell.
Special— O. C. Wlllard.
Life diplomas— Mrs. H. J. Shulte. Jane S.
Turner. Blanche Carpenter, Annie E. Wilson.
Aueusta L. Zabel. Mias G. V. Williams. Nellis
D. L. Swan. R. K. Van Brant.
I Examinations are to be held in May and
June, in seventh grade, as well as eighth
grade. . < .
Amos Clark, John Stanley and Hans
Madsen. were reappointed Trustees of
Mocha School District, recently reopened.
Alameda County Board of Education
Gives- Permission to Instruc
£?'. \ '. tors to Teach.
OAKLAND, April 19.— The Alamed*
CERTIFICATES GBANTED
Vv, TO MATTY NEW TEACHEBS
Renton was running on a freight train
that was on its 'way toward Oakland.
The train stopped to pick up some cars
and do some switching at Haywards sta
uon. Renton stepped on the track just
as the engineer backed a freight car down
che siding. The brakeman did not expect
a car on that track and stepped directly
in front of it. He was knocked down and
ooth of his legs run over.
Dr. Dean was sent f o£ He found it
necessary to amputate botn legs. Division
auperintendent Palmer happened to be on
the road on a special train at that mo
ment and took the dying man on board
and brought him to the mole. He put
nim on a ferry steamer for San Francisco,
but he died on the way.
Renton was formerly employed on the
narrow-gauge and lived in Alameda.
Domlnico Olongi, one of the new men
who waa hired in San Francisco and put
to work with a gang on the Alameda mole
to succeed the strikers, was struck by
the engine of the Oakland local train this
morning and badly injured. His scalp wai
lacerated and his face and neck bruised.
It is thought that Olongi has also sus
tained serious internal injuries.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call..
1118 Broadway, April 19.
W. J. Renton, a brakeman employed by
the Southern- Pacific Company, was run
over at Hay wards to-day and died whU«
being taken to the Southern Pacific Hos
pital in San Francisco. '
Train.
One of the Men Employed to
Succeed Strikers Hit by a
W. J. Renton Dies Prom
Injuries Received at
Hay wards.
ONE MAN KILLED,
AHOTHER HURT
31
LATCEWOOD, N. J., April 19.— Walter J.
Travis, golf -champion of* the : United"
States; had little difficulty- In winning his
two final matches for the Lakewpod cup
at the open 1 tournament here to-day. ¦ He
defeated W. C. , Chick and Findlay . 8.
Douglass.' : \ ¦ '
j~Golt Champion Travis "Wins.
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, a; medium, fresldlng
at .764-O'Farrell' street, foundra: baby c on
her doorstep last: evening andnotifled.the
police. -- Officer Burkholder . took ; the 'Ii inl
f ant to .the Foundling t Asylum, 913 Golden
Gate avenue."., Pinned to the, baby's shawl
were \ the , following .words : ' -"Angels '. will
guard you and the guild."'- ; ¦• . . " s\u
Baby Left on . Doorstep.
Sister. Alice of the Brotherhood of . the
White Star ¦ will; give a ; lecture , to ladles
at. Golden Gate Hall to-day at 2:30p.'i m:
This is the second of, a series being given
upon subjects of the utmost ; importance:
There Is. no: charge for admission and all
are Invited: . ' .
Lecture of Peculiar" Interest.
SANTA ROSA, April 14.— The sixth'an
nual . field day of the ¦ Bonoma-M endoclno
Amateur Athletic League was held- hero
this afternoon. Uklah. High ¦ School ' ath
letes scored: 77 points, Santa Rosa 45 and
Petaluma. 4. Edwin Harris of Santa Rosa
cleared 10 feet 5% inches In the pole vault,
a new league record. Byrnes of Ukiah
ran a mile In 4:51 1-5, also a record. .
High School Boys Break Records.
there - back to " the starting point, : another,
two ' miles." i The first ; side ' of • the ' triangle
is perhaps one mile in length. " That wpuld
be^ five 5 miles ';: for .the -1 entire l course.'- .1
think that would. be a.very.gdod distance.
And this would be a very good place. The
test v should "*be : simply ¦-, one - of ; speed. %, I
think ¦ the , Exposition ¦ company should • not
impose any : rules beyond , that: t Let them .
say'.'Here is ithe. course. • Let' us: see -who
can' go around it first.' '¦; That; Is ' enough.' V
a From ¦ $150,000 ¦ to ; $200,000 ; has , been appro
priated J by,, the ; Exposition r, company . * to
meet",the]expenses;of-theiballoomtourna
ment;*: and^ the * larger^ 1 part* "of this -* will
nrobably t constitute : the ; first prize.
¦ ¦¦' BAKERSFIEI^D ' April 19.— Southbound • San
ta Fe i freight * No. ¦ 34 waa delayed some ' time
thla ' afternoon : at ''¦; the ; scene of - yesterday' t
w-eck ono mile west of Rosedale, by an empty
tank ¦ car of : the ' train leaving • the . rails ! at -the
poln* where the , shoefly track, built around .the
scene J of . the • wreck, r Joins ; the main ' line.
m . — — - r
M. Horansky.
BUDAPEST. April 19.-M. Horansky,
Hungarian Minister of . Commerce, . died
here to-nl^ht. .- - . »
Coat of Public Lighting.
Light Inspector Tupper notified the Su
pervisors yesterday that the '.sum of $306,
749 03 will be required to J light the streets
and public buildings during the next fiscal
year. # Tupj>er recommends that the streets
be lighted 329 . nights in the year, ; instead
of 305, as £t present, making the cost; at
$744 S2 per jnight; $245,045 78.' The 200 triple
top lamps ordered by the Supervisors will
cost $9870;i 200 % additional ¦ single-top gas
lamps to be erected, $5920; 100 additional
arc lamps I to be erected, $12,913 25;. to light
public buildings,, mOQO. .-.,- %
PASADENA, April 19.— Elwood Harvey
Alcutt diecj at 2 o'clock this morning. He
was 40 years of age and was auditor of
the Harvey eating-house syBtem of the
Santa : Fc i Railway, his home being in
Kansas City. •
Elwood Harvey Alcutt.
From ' there the; drive was , resumed to
the '.World's : Fair' site.'.' After a view of
the .grounds) the 'party entered ! the fad-^
ministration building, of -Washington Uni
versity on the i . World's , , Fair site,' ?: and
ascended the tower, from which they" took
a' survey; o.f. the' outlying. country.- Du
mont^sald to-day: V ; ? ' /
.' : "At "present: I>:have; no intention of
building a" machine forJWorld'u Fair con
tests: When "the. time comes for: the con
test ' • I wiU ; bring . over probably four * or
five of my/ best machines -and. the one
best '• suited f or , the -.work r.wIU be entered.
If i, the -... f alr^ should ' ; be -, held this fall I
would enter two, machines, and next year
I will ; likely.' have ; five ; or ¦ six.',' ' : • ¦•; ;
¦ The aeronaut says he ; will need the area
of f our .: city * blocks square,^ sixteen ; in all;
for thls^sheds i and i . practice space. ?'He
stated that' he?. would remain In i St.- Louis
about four [ day s on > this : trip \ and , then ¦ go
direct « to = London, s where he : gives Van" ex
hibition In June, v '»¦¦-¦ .-¦-"¦'¦¦"¦¦ , - ¦*.[
, After; studying* the .topography, of 'the
country carefully,' iSantos-Dumont •. said
that a very good \ course , for, the • World's
Falr> balloon . contest : could be 'selected
from" the^ point where the 'Administration
building "starts.' : >:;•¦> - . ; . -"• - ¦/ v?
, "I think It - would ; be ; wise to . make" the
course v triangular, -with : a captive . balloon
marking t each - of -> the ' ' three . ' turning
points,'.' ¦ he said. ??;Then % he • indicated the
course -which 'pleased' him,' and ¦¦ which;< in
all*r'probablllty,5,wlll^ be •;;' decided* -upon.
I'.'From '¦< here • over J tot those i wooded hills,',',
he said,"* pointing, to . the southwestern part
of ; the * Fair,; site, JJtrom (there \ two E miles
west, along that open- country.* and Jfrom
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 19.— Santos Du
mont, the « Brazilian aeronaut, ; accompa
nied by. Emanuel'Almee.'Secretary^f the
Aero dub - of Paris, , arrived ! In St."' Louis
shortly'after noon to-day.'. He was driven
to the St.' Louis VCliib, : where' he met
Charles W. ' Knapp ' and Nathan ', j Frank,
members of the special committee on the
aerial tournament and rules. . ;
Airship - Inven ting Bra
zilian Arrives iii St. :
_ Louis.
Entertained Next
June.
The committee of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine 'that Is to t receive the
Shrlners who "will attend the
eighth annual session 5 -of the - Imperial
Council in this city from June to.15
next has issued, a : book of - Information
about San , Francisco, :; illustrated .with
many;views of the city.'and yiews.of the
handsome • committee : rooms -; that - are in
the Call building. annex. and are fitted up
in Oriental splendor. It also contains the
f ollcwlng^ Itinerary : _ V .¦- ' ,"'.
¦ vnndnv June 0 — The visiting nobles, doubt
less tired 'and travel stained, will be shown to
(1 ,'i r hntpls and permitted to rest. ' \ . : •,
Tuesday-Meeting of the Imperial Council at
Golden Gate Hall, 020 Sutler, street, at 10 a. m.
reception' to the ladies v accompanying . the
pilgrimage. Lick House. 3:30 p. m./to 6 p. . in.
R-30 d m:r grand parade;, fireworks, etc.. '•
Wednesday— Al Malalkah Temple.-/ Los An
seies' • day - The « nobles In charge will enter
tain royally from 1 :3<r p. m. to 6j?. m. s
IV* m.. -.'grand promenade / concert, ; Mechanics'.
Thursday— 0:30 .'a.' m-V* drive and 'lunch. ¦
¦pviday At Sixteenth and Folsom. streets," at
•' - d m i will ; be ; given , the Arab , patrol i irlll
for prizes, 1 participated in by the patrol t of
each -temple. After this ¦ feature;of the. day,
aulet niay be indulged in . that one may, recover
from the fatigue of the previous day and pre
pare -' for the r grand ;ball and .distribution . uf
0:30 a. in., around the bay.
How the Visiting Nohles Are to Be
ISLAM TEMPLE SHRINERS.
- iSSTTE THE -/ITINERARY
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs—Admo
nition won. Lord Quex second, Harry - Wilson
third. .Time, 1:36%.
Fourth race, the Memphis , stakes, five fur
longs — Judith Campbell won. Early," second,
Watklns Overton third. Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, handicap, steeplechase, about two
miles — McLaren won. Golden Link second," Pre
cursor third. Time. '4:37.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Aladdin
won. Barouche second. Lucien Appleby third.
Time. 1:48%.
Fourth race, mile, selling:— Kenllworth won.
Charlie Moore second, Carl Kabler third. Time,
1:413-5.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Sly Maid
won. Leenja second. Dodle S third. Time,
1:22 2-5. )
Sixth race, mile and a quarter, selling — John
McGurk won, Dlgby Bell- second, Llndenella
third. Time. 2:00 1-5. #
MEMPHIS. Tenn.) April 19.— Montgomery
Park summary: s
First race, mile — Emathion won. King Ta
tlus second, Drummond third. Time, 1:43%. -
Second race, mile and a quarter, I selling — W.
B. Gates won. Sir Rolla second. Plead third.
Time. 2:09fc. - - . .,
First race, mile^ — Possart won. Miss Liza sec
ond, Donator third. Time. 1:42 1-9.
6econd race, four furlongs— Silver Fringe
won. Stem- Winder second. Belle Graham third.
Time. :49 3-5.
Third race, five furlong* — Burnlo Bunton
won. Scorpion second, Otis third. Time,
1:012-5.
CHICAGO, April 19.— Lakeside summary: -
1*28 ' ' ' ' *
'second race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs — Flying Buttress won. Neither One sec
ond. Master third. . Time. 1 :0J 2-5.
Third race, two-year-olds, four and a naif,
furlon*s;> selling— Bismarck won. Mystic sec
ond. Cinclmiatus third. Time, :C7 ;
Fourth race, the Arverne- stakes, 'seven rur
lons* — Oom Paul won. Delagroa second. Eddie
Buech third. Time. 1:28. " ' ,„¦"
Fifth race, four and a. half furlongs, selling
Niaxus won, Mackey Dwyer second, Kennard
third. Time. :56. '. -
Sixth race, handicap, mile and seventy yards
—Himself won. Agnes D second, .Intrusive
third. Time, 1:48 4-5. ..
First race, seven furlongs, selling: — Sir Flo
rlan won. Lancemaij second. Satire third. Time,
Eastern Racing Results.
NEW YORK, April 19.— Aqueduct sum
mary: - - - - ,
(Thomas S. Parvin.
:LOS ANGELES. April. 19.— Thomas 8.
Parvin/a pioneer of California and a vet
eran of the Mexican war, is dead at his
late home In this city. He was one of the
first settleirs-on the present site of the
city of St4ckton.
PUEBLO. Colo., April 19.— Thomas J.
Tarsney, adjutant general of Colorado
during Governor Walte's administration,
died to-day of a complication of diseases
after, many months' illness. 'General
Tarsney was in command of the National
Guard during the Cripple Creek strike" in
1S04 arid shortly afterward .was kidnaped
from a hqtel in Colorado Springs and
tarred and feathered. , He claimed that
his eyesight was affected by the tar and
his nerves! were shattered by the rough
handling he received. At the opening of
the Spanish-American war General Tars
ney accompanied the First Colorado Vol
unteers toj Manila as sutler, and he re
turned to the United States about two
years ago on account of falling health.
Thomas J. Tarsney.
Passed 'Worthless Checks.
Chief Wlttm'an was _ notified yesterday
by , Chief Elton of Los Angeles that he
had arrested Charles H. Malina, who la
wanted here for N passing two worthless
checks for $25 each on John J.Deane, su
perintendent of the . Chronicle building.
The checks -were drawn on the Citizens'
Bank of Beaumont,- Tex. . Malina passed
worthless checks on other business men
In the city. Detective "Whitaker . left by
the - train yesterday afternoon to bring
Malina back.
Baseball Catcher Dies.
CHICAGO, April 19.— Gus Erlcksori, the
baseball catcher signed " by McGraw for
the Baltimore team this season, died at
his home here to-day-aagaawai
UKIAH,' April ,19.— Fire occurred, in the
washroom of the State Hospital for the Insane
this mornlnc ¦ anu the clothing of practically
every Inmate was destroyed.
Students Appointed to Coast Survey.
BERKELEY, April 19.— Three seniors in
the College of Mining at the University
of California have been appointed to the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
f party which will depart for Alaska on
f Monday from San Francisco. The stu-
V dents, however, will remain here until
after commencement and Join the party
at Seattle, Those appointed are C. L
Rhodes cf Woodland. F. C. Paine of
Eleanor, 111., and G. B. Lorenz of Sacra
mento. They will be^ gone all summer.
Olee Club Elects Officers.
BERKELEY. April 19.— The University
of <:aiifornla Glee Club has elected the
following officers for the coming year:
President. George C. Davis; vice presi
dent. Walter Brown; secretary and treas
urer, Ralph McConnlck: director, C. R.
Morse.
HOLLAND'S YOTTNG RTJLER V
NOT YET OUT ?OF. r DANGE3
- •- ¦ ¦ *v- . ¦'¦¦' -* ' __¦¦• I
Typhoid Fever Is Running Its usual
Course and .Wilhelmina's Sub-.
Jects Are Hopeful.
THE HAGUE. April 19.— A bulletin is
sued this morning from Castle Loo an
nounces that Queen Wilhelmina had a
fairly quiet night; that the disease
(typhoid fever) is following its normal
course, and that no complications have
supervened, although . . her Majesty's
strength is diminishing slightly In pro
portion to the duration of her illness.
In consequence of the' Queen's Illness
the birthday of - her husband, Prince
Henry of The Netherlands/passed prac
tically unnoticed to-day.
Telegrams of sympathy for her Majesty
in her illness are pouring In from all parts
of Europe. The afternoon bulletin issued
from Castle Loo read;- >.
"During the day there has been nothing
special to note in the course taken - by
the Queen's illness. Her Majesty sleeps
at intervals and remains fully conscious."
A dispatch received from Castle Loo to
night says the normal course of. Queen
Wllhelmina's malady has not been inter
rupted, and her condition is fairly satis
factory. Her Majesty - has taken some
liquid nourishment.
Elaborate arrangements are being made
by the San Francisco Typothetae for the
annual outing and picnic of the members
of the organization, to be held ion "Satur
day, May 24. At a recent meeting of the
board of directors a committee was ap
pointed with *f ull power to act In the
matter of the picnic celebration, and, with
the hearty support Jot the employing
printers - and proprietors of the various
, branches of the business, ¦ the celebration
of this year promises to be the best ever
The committee In charge and, the sub
committees appointed are as foll6ws:
Executive . "committee— James G. Spauldlng,
president- American Type Founders Company,
first vice president: -Phillips.. Smyth ¦& Van
Orden second vice presidents; Robert W. Neai,
secretary; Max Schmidt, treasurer; H.,S.
Crocker Company. W. N. . Brunt & Co., Fran
cis-Valentine Company, Gabriel Printinc Com
pany T. J Davis,, C. A. Murdock & Co.. Sun
set Press Stanley-Taylor Company. - Latham &
Emanuel. Upton Bros..: Valleau & Peterson.
Finance— John Partrldse. Stanley-Taylor
Company. Valleau & Peterson. Julius Gabriel.
Souvenir— Upton Bros.. Stanley-Taylor Com
pany. W. N. Brunt & Co. / . - '•¦'.
Press' and 'invitation— Brown & Power, Hor
wlnskl Bros. C. A. Murdock & Co., Joseph M.
Torres, Twentieth Century Press. t ¦ - ¦-
Literary— C A. Murdock & Co.. H. S. Crock
er & Co.,- Hlnton Printing Company.
Music— Julius Gabriel. , Francis- Valentine
Company." Walter" N.- Brunt. . - -
Printing — Valleau & Peterson. Sunset . Press.
, Francis-Valentine
Company, Phillips, Smyth. & Van Orden. C.
Floor^Fllmer' Bros., Springer Printing Com
pany.;"--:/ ".* -'¦ .' ¦¦''¦ :'•'¦' •¦¦¦ '- '¦''-' - . ...
Members of San Francisco Typothetae
Will Have an Outing on
May 24.
OAKLAND, April IS- — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Aron Rosenberg,
aged 26, Fresno, and Kate Levy, 27, Oak
land; Ernest G. Randolph; 32, and May
Terrea. 19. both of San Francisco; Pedro
L. Jorge, 30, and Mary McGovern, 28,
both of Berkeley; Solon Evans, 50, and
Rebecca Childs. 40, both of Oakland; Wil
liam Cottinsrham, 37, and Alice Cass. 37,
both of Oakland; Harry N. Vandervoort,
26. and Adeline L. Allgulre. 24, both of
Alvaxado; David J. Barry, 33, San Fran
cisco, and Annie L. Ralney, 22, Oakland.
Licensed to Harry.
The men were delighted by the novel
proposition and have been assembling in
the cloisters daily to the number of up
ward 1 of . 100. . They Join heartily in the
hymns and Lord's prayer, occasionally
taking a drink from their beer cans,
though they invariably remove their caps
and pipes during prayers.
In the meanwhile, the . abbey Is rigor
ously closed to the public. This fact
seems to have whetted the appetite of
sightseers, who are resorting to all kinds
of plans to obtain admission. The Ameri
cans are particularly eager. After being
refused admission they flock to the United
States embassy and ask for the assistance
of the officials. The latter' s applications
to the Board of Works in behalf of the
American visitors are invariably met with
the same polite but unalterable negative.
LONDON, April 19.— "Smoking church
cervices" are. the latest Innovation and
promise to spread and . attract many of
those who habitually spend Sunday morn-
Ing In the yiclnity of public houses await
ing the hour of opening those places. Arch
deacon Wilberforce of Westminster start
ed the movement during the present week.
He invited the men who were fitting up
Westminster Abbey for the coronation to
spare a part of their dinner hour- to re
ligion, gave each man an ounce of to
bacco and told the men to come and
smoke and make themselves at home dur
ing the service. . - ¦ /
Westminster Archdeacon 'Introduces
a Novelty for the Workmen in
the~Abbey.
SMOKE AND DRINK
;. AND LISTEN TO 1 PRAYER
OAKLAND. April 19.— Frederick Wards
and his excellent company will present
"King Lear" at the Macdonough Theater
on Wednesday, April 30. This Is one of
Mr. Warde's greatest parts, and the play
has heretofore proved popular with local
audiences. On May 5 and May 6 Edwin
Towne's comedy, "Too Rich to Marry,"
will be produced at this house by a-eom
panv coming direct from New York.
"Under Sealed Orders" Is the bill for the
Dewey Theater next week. Landers Ste
vens and Miss Fannie Gillette take the
leading roles and are backed by a strong
supporting cast.
donough and Landers Stevecs
at Dewey.
Frederick Warde to Appear at Mac-
C0MI1IG ATTRACTIONS
FOR OAKLAND THEATERS
PRINTERS TO ENJOY .
/ AN ANNUAL PICNIC
s/TS\ AKLAND, .'April * ' 19.— Hermann j
•| 'AV Stein," a fighting, mate of the fa- 1
(I II moua '. Davy - .Crockett, was j re- ;
moved ¦. to-day : from his hovel
home near the Bay Farm Island i
bridge, in Alameda, to the Receiving Hos
pital in this city, where he now lies, at j the
point of . death. The ' grizzled old .warrior
was discovered by _ his . neighbors;.- last j
night paralyzed and j starving in ; the mis- .
•erable hut that he has occupied alone for
nearly a quarter of a century. : He had
been ailing for some time, but with grim
determination he refused to ask or ac
cept assistance from any person so long
as he was able to help himself. The
stroke of paralysis affected the old man
suddenly and • left - him unable to move.
Had' not several residents In the vicinity,
whose curiosity was aroused by the non
appearance of Stein about his cabin, vis
ited the place the stricken veteran would
probably have died for want of food and,
care. f < * . . ,
Hermann Stein Is 85 years of age and
was born In Germany. He arrived In: the
United States when a boy and his lore of
adventure led him to Texas In 1836. during
the exciting times when the sturdy Amer-
Commencing to-day a new train for Pa
cific Grove/ leaving here at 3:30 p. m., will
be run. On Saturdays an additional train
will be run, to San Jose, leaving this city
at 1:30 p. m. The Monterey and Santa
Cruz excursions j wiU - begin to-day and
will be run every Sunday during the sum
mer season. The Monterey train leaves
at 7:15 from Third and Townsend streets
and the Santa Cruz train will leave via
the ferry narrow-gauge route at 7:45 a, m.
To-Day.
An improved train service on the coast
division of the Southern Pacific will go
Into effect to-day. The New Orleans ex
press, leaving this city at 7 o'clock p. m.
daily, will be provided with' a handsomely
equipped dining car, which will go as far
as Salinas. Passengers on this train will
be 3erved with dinner, and on the follow
ing day the car will be taken up by the
express arriving here at 10:30 a- m. The
demand of the traveling public for this
service Is responsible for the improve
ment. I |itf||i jPiP'ililEuiMUlUUt'llliniiJ
Summer Months Beginning
New. Trains Will Be Put On for the
COAST DIVISION TRAIN .
SERVICE IS IMPROVED
Bowie knives, pistols, muskets and
other relics of the Texan War' for Inde
pendence are among the belongings of
Stein which he prized most highly. Sev
eral of them were wielded by the veteran
himualf and the' handles' are numerously
notched. Indicating, as Stein was used to
assert,- the number of Mexicans and In
dians he caused to bite the dust with that
particular weapon.
Stein has lived in various States, locat
ing In 1 California about forty years ago.
Since residing in Alameda he has lived
,Uke a hermit' and made but few friends.
It is not known. that he has any relatives
in this country, but he frequently refer
• red to relatives in .Australia. The old
warrior Isf reported to. have lived on the
; Interest derived from a bank account
i amounting,' It is said, to about $5000.
I Stein fought and followed the fortunes
of -the bands of gritty rangers under the
command of Davy Crockett and Sam
Houston. He was personally acquainted
with both of those historical characters
and treasured many souvenirs and mem
ories of them.' ¦ t}«
lean settlers N of that territory were bat
tling with the hosts of Genera) Santa Ana
to secure independence from the Govern
ment of Mexico. •
AGED VETERAN, OF THE, TEXAN: WAR OF INDEPENDENCE, WHO IS
HIS DEATHBED IN THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL IN OAK
LAND. '¦:¦• ¦¦', '¦'. ' ' "..':.'.v\ 1^: ' ; •
Miss Clarice Graves and Miss M. E.
Harrington are the promoters of the wa
ter carnival. They have been kept busy
Issuing Invitations to the many who de
sire to take part In the moonlight festivi
ties on the water. . . : ¦.¦¦'•".
The string of little vessels will leave the
landing of Captain Peterson's boathouse,
at the foot of Twelfth avenue, at 8:15, and
will cruise around the harbor for several
hours. Before returning to the landing
the excursionists will board one of the
large ships at present lying , in the creek
and enjoy a' dance on the deck. ' :
Numerous whaleboats, whitehalls and
other small craft are to be brilliantly dec
orated with torches and Chinese lanterns,
laden with jolly passengers and towed
about the estuary in tandem style by a
powerful launch. Musicians and singers
will be distributed among the . various
boats of the mosauito fleet and a band
will discourse airs from the deck of the
flag craft of the pleasure squadron.
St. Anthony's Church fair for a
water carnival and moonlight excursion on
the estuary next Tuesday night* It Is to
be a novel marine and social affair . and
the list of participating- merrymakers la
expected to be a long one. "
OAKLAND. April 19.—Arrange
ments have been made by the la
dies who will be in charge of the
Graves-Harrington booth at • the
OAKLAND. April 19.— The row that has
been going on between the Lizzie Hilpens
a.nd the John Johnsons of West Oakland
has culminated in a lawsuit. The com
mandant of the Hilpens faction began
ruit to-day against the leader of the
Johnson faction for $10,000 damages for
alleged false arrest and malicious arrest.
The trouble started a long time ago ovej
the children of the f eudists. The children
fought and that set the parents to quar
reling. Two weeks ago John Johnson had
Mrs. Lizzie Hilpens arrested for insanity.
She proved that she wasn't any mow in
sane than he was and Judge Greene dis
missed her with an admonition. Now the
opposing witnesses are estranged. Mrs.
Hilpens wants to get even by making Mr.
Johnson pay a money balm for her lacer
ated feelings.
Xre&ders of Lizzie Hilpens Faction
Sues Director of John John
son's Followers.
NEIGHBORHOOD ROW
HATCHES A LAWSUIT
YOUNG WOMEN WHO HAVE jj AR
RANGED A WATER CARNIVAL
ON THE ESTUARY.
Roadmaster R. W. Baxter obtained
about forty laborers In Santa Clara and
Santa Cruz counties yesterday and
brought them to Alameda this morning.
After the men were dined at a local res
taurant at the expense of the railroad
company they learned of the strike con
ditions prevailing at the mole and almost
to a man declined to go to work. .
Roadmaster Baxter is not discouraged
at the situation, however. In speaking
of the existing status of the trouble and
the future prospect Mr. Baxter said: "
"We have not yet secured all the help
we need. Thirty-five men are now at
work in the places of the strikers. By-
Monday we expect to have seventy-five
men working. We harbor no hard feel
ings against the men who quit us. If
they apply for their jobs at the old rate
of pay we will take them back."
ALAMEDA, April 19.— Some work was
done along the narrow gauge mole to
day by a gang of thirty-live graders
working in place of the strikers who
walked out four days ago. The men were
guarded by a squad of special railroad
police. Most of the new laborers were
secured from San Francisco employment
offices. They were not molested by the
strikers, and the pickets of .the latter
freely discussed matters with the men at
work.
DUMONT VIEWS
AERIAL COURSE
The demurrers overruled had reference
to the charge that the Assessor failed to
account for certain fees ' that came into
his possession, that he refused or neglect
ed to turn these .fees over to the Titas
urer as required by law and that ho has
since appropriated them to. his own per
sonal use., ¦¦"¦¦¦' ¦.¦'. ¦ • . ¦-'¦¦¦
The' disposition of the demurrers was
followed by a demand from the court
that Dalton plead to ' the charges ¦ against
him. He pleaded not guilty and demand
ed a Jury trial. The Jury trial was , de
nied by the Judges and an exception was
laken by Dalton's attorneys. '
The Judges decided to set' the trial'for
next Monday morning at 10 o'clock, when
they will sit again as to-day. Upon being
asked what , his answer would be -Mr.
Fitzgerald said ¦ that it would be an ad
mission of nearly allthe acts complained
of in the complaint, but that it would
contain a denial of any intent to defraud.
Just before • the . case acyainst him was
taken up this morning Dalton' paid into
the /County Treasury . $4087 in , fees that
Judge Ogden*held in a recent decision, he
is not' entitled to. . These fees were col
lected from the city of Oakland for the
assessment rolls that were • furnished it
by Dalton. ' Attorney Fitzgerald stated
this afternoon that the money waa paid
in because no ' appeal will be taken from
the decision regarding :them. ' The only
pppeal will be from the decision In the
polltax case. *. .
e-H^H~H"H--I"I'I;l"^I"I"l"!"r-I"I"!^ O
Points i Raised in Demurrers.
- The - court did not decide this feature
of the case at once, but left it open until
later in the day.' Attorney Carl Abbott
then devoted himself to an exposition of
the demurrer that had been filed in behalf
of Mr. Dalton. . He attacked the com
plaint because it recited more than one
cause of action, and contained no ade
quate showing that the poll tax fees col
lectedby Dalton were not legally his.
In reply Attorney de Golia said that the
complaint might have as many causes of
action as necessary, as there is only one
penalty, anyway, and in a crimnal pro
ceeding it is different than it. is in a civil
one. It was only necessary to show that
Dalton was guilty of official neglect.
a The court adjourned temporarily to
consider Mr. Abbott's contention regard
ing the poll tax fees. After 1 deliberation
Judges Melvin and Hall decided that they
agreed with the decisions of Judges Og
den and . Ellsworth ¦: that the fees belong
to the county.
Following a desultory argument that
occupied all of the latter half of the
afternoon the Judges again adjourned to
consider the demurrers presented by the
defense. Upon their return Judge' Melvin
announced that it. had' been decided to
sustain one and overrule all the- other de
murrers, some tenUn f* • : -->:—
¦The demurrer sustained was ' In; regard
to ' the approving of : claims for books by.
the Assessor in favor of the -..Enquirer
Publishing: Company. " It is. charged ¦ in
the complaint that Dalton approved the
claims, knowing that the books were not
as represented and that : they were
charged $2 more for than permitted in the
schedule. • V • .
Abbott Attacks Complaint.
"This is not a case where a man ts de
prived of his liberty or his fortune,'': he
said. "He simply loses his office, and if
he Is guilty of malfeasance it . ought not
to require a Jury to decide whether he is
guilty or not." ¦ ; ;v?
Replying to Mr. Fitzgerald Attorney de
Golia, for the accusor,' submitted 1 a de
cision in, a 'case similar'' to theMone^at
hand,: in which the Supreme : Court held
that the, lower court had' not) erred in'de
nying the defendant a' jury.";' Inl that case
the defendant appealed . on .} the I ground
that the* proceeding; against- him' should
have been of a criminal' nature. Mr. de
Golia said that section 772 was. found to
be based on the constitution, which gives'
the Legislature power to designate how
recreant officials shall be removed. The
Legislature in its wisdom had seen fit in
this class of offenses to insist upon a
suiffmary removal without the interpo
sition of a Jury. V ¦
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton must
stand trial j for the | malfeasance lin - office
charged ¦ against I him .by former /County,
Clerk James E. "Crane. ";¦ That much ,waa
decided' to-day, by. four Judges /of the
Superior Court sitting ; in bank— Judges
Melvln, Ellsworth, Hall; and Ogden., They
overruled Daltoh's demurrer I to the* com
plaint in' all but one instance,' and then
ordered him to appear, before them 'next
Monday, when | under 'the . lawi he " will
be compelled, to stand; trial:. before the
court without. a jury- ¦ . / ;:' •;
"the day began with ' the presentation of
authorities .by' "Attorney Fitzgerald of
Daltoh's counsel to 'sustain; his contention
that section 772 of the .. Penal' Code, upon'
which ; Crane's accusation; rests,' is uncon
stitutional in that it denies .the defend
ant t^ie right of a" trial' by Jury. ;This,' he
claimed, was in conflict'- with, the pro r
visions of the State and the United States
constitutions. '. ¦¦ :'-:',C 4 ";¦'..'. !
1118 Broadway, April 19. .
Oakland Office Sari . Francisco Call.
Southern Pacific Encounters
Difficulty in Lecuring
Section Hands.
Accused Pays Into Treasury
J Fees He! Col lee ted Prom ; t
Strikers' Successors on
the Narrow G-.iuge
Are Protected.
kludges Hold .Assessor
1 Must Answer Grave:;
:•;'*[¦• .:. - v Charges. .' ??.*JX :
RAILROAD POLICE
GUARD WORKMEN
REQUIRE DALTON
TO STAND TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
GAYLY DECORATED CRAFT
WILL SAIL THE ESTUARY
Water Carnival Is Being Arranged by Ladies of
St. Anthony's Church Fair.
Hermann Stein, Fighting Mate of Famous Davy
-Crockett, Is Found Starving in Miserable Hut.
1 Important to Menf
• NOT'A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID §
§ Dr. Meyers & Co. Will Wait for Their Fee Until Patient Is Cnrei J
O It is the rankist sort of folly to imagim® . ,_ ,...,. .. \", \ >:
• •" that a weakness or an ailment will get well Ajl "B4iHjgL— H
|| without proper brealvv*,nt. |^^^3^^^fe^ it
O It is both dangerous and expensive to O
iV' treat with inexpsriencsd doctors or to at- 8| •- ~ T $
|! ttmpb to cure yourself with free trial treat- *B >^* 1 *ff S
2 ments, pttent msdicines, electric b sits or fr W[ %
il other dangerous stimulants. - ir L /A j # :
• For nearly twenty years we have been *h*
0 curing contracted diseases of men, including n^^^^^ o
• contagious blood poison; also, lost vitality, gen- >fvjr§fi||rj£» <>
q eral and nervcus debility, varicocele, rupture, '^^L-**Sb^» J|-
S stricture, piles, diseases of the kidneys, b!ad- 0 __ o
| der, etc. ' RPQHjti
;#,.-: We". are speciA!ist> in curing these ailments. We cure at any J
• •stage of the disorder and restore the patients as quickly. as is •
5 consistent" with' a-permanent cure. Our^remsdies, which- are J-
• ; >lwaysVeff ective,. but are never harmful, are furnished free to . #
I J, ourpatients from our own private laboratory^ •
O .Consultation anJ advice free at ouroffi;e or by mail. Full o
J information and 'ourfpri vate book, sealed, tree. Home cures a i ?'
O specialty. Remedies sent by mail or express. ' \\
I DR. MYERS & GO, 731IKS; |
"5 ¦ 'HOURS^-9 to 4 -daily; Sundays, 9 toil.* 5
{•^••••••••fte»9««eQ«#o*e«o6eoeo8«ooQoo»oee890
I B.KATSCH1NSKI
ii PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I tO THIRD STREET, SAH FRANCISCO.
I Union Stamped
I Cloth Top Oxfords.
\\ Spring weather and natty, easy
- H fitting oxfords seem to go hand in
! hand. Each seems a necessity, and
(I realizing that fact we will thli
t week make a special offer. Ladies*
tl vld kid oxford ties, with black
H doth tops, circular vamps and
tl fpncy heel foxing, coin toes and
rl patent leather tips, turned soles.
M medium heels and union stamped.
H The price. JL35. Sizes 2% to 9;
Ii widths A to EE.
3 Ladies' Turkish
I SLIPPERS.
j! Ladles' Embroidered Turkish Sllp-
II pera. in Tan. Red or Black, reduced
H to iiTi CENTS. Sizes 3 to 9.
y Country Orders '. Solicited. ' .
I B. KATSCHINSKI,
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
R IO THIRD STREET. " *-
|j San Francisco.TOLD IN THE ANTEROOM
Army of the ' Republic, will give a "hard
times party"; in ; its .hall on the night of
the 24th ; Inst;, on. which occasion Mrs. A.
J. Budd, one of the members, will exhlBlt
a beautiful quilt that Is to be* disposed of
for ; the I home . to be established r for dis
abled ; soldiers and - wives of the soldiers
of ; the "civil wajr&B£9SR
¦:':-'¦-¦- :".-.'-:-•:-¦ '¦¦ -u '-'¦ ¦ ¦
Schweitzer, 1 the deputy for the clrclei was
presented 9. fine; inkstand:;, Then a'beauti
ful ;> cushion t\waa " presented"- to i Mrs. ~D. S
O'Callahan and al basket :] of ;; La':; France:
rqsep jto' J. : ; O'Callahan :¦ in 1 recognition*, of,
services- toithe circle;!.* '-•¦¦ ; \ ?
.-/ This -circle recently 1 had ; a* lady jinks at '
which J the i grand"; chief- companion ; was .a
specially Invited guest. On that ¦ occasion
the following / programme .was 'presented :
Cake <,walk, ; Mrs. Richards i and Miss An
nie Lagrave; bicycle race, Annie Lagrave
and iKatle i Glasheln, !; and < a'C song 1 by. the
dwarfs, Mrs. M. Richards, Annie Lagrave
Katie Glasheln ; and: Anna Milly. - '
Hard Times Party.
Sevan Pines . Cir cler Ladles' of the Grand
Past i Grand , Chief ; Mrs. r : Har
rington. The officers Bhowed : a* great deal
of proficiency. In the' work ' and were;corii
plimerited[for,the same. ; During the e.ven-
I ing i the; grand fchlef I companion ] was ; pre
sented "a; handsome .white silk sofa' pillow;,
on s which are embroidered "¦ a' profusion: of
California iVipiets,-.as;a, token: of the- cir
cle's appreciation ¦ of "her as an' officer;.. S. J
, Loreley Circle, the German circle of this
city," Rave 'a very, delightful party' in'r the
Alcazar ' , building on the f 17th ; inst.** at
which: the membership ; turned i out In- full
force and '.the - number i was ' added i %o by
many, of the friends, who were entertained
with v that c degree of a i ten tlon j for which
this circle Is well known. \ There was good
music, handsome ladies,. good dancers and
'a well arranged programme of .dances,' all
ot which go; to make up a pleasant even
ing. , Eaqh person' was presented ¦ a pretty
souvenlrof the'- occasion; '¦' * , . - • •
v On the 17th "< lnst; ¦' Mlsa * Alice ¦: TIcoulet '*
grand ¦; chief :> companion.) paid - her ; official
visit to Pride of the Forest Circle at South
San^ Francisco,. which in a few months in
creased its membership from twenty-three
16 , sis ty T two. : • She was i accompanied • by
Deputy c Grand* Chief Companion* iirs
Wprms, Grand ; Financial Secretary Miss
Bremer, ,! Grand . ¦ Mrs. Smith'
Grand Outside Guard Mrs. O'Callahan and
New : Century, Circle , is . arranging for a
picnic to ; 'be .'given .by . its, members , inVa
sjiort time. ; ¦ / , v
American Companions. V
.Golden Era Clrcleiof the Companions of
the Forest | of had a very pleas
ant, package • party in the Social. Hall of
the Alcazar building on ; the 16th": inst. .'It
was i well : attended "and > all - had - a good
time.' '"^SSagB^BMigKiHilSSiR^II^^
Orinda Parlor had a very eytertaining
and successful high Jinks In its- hall on
the night of the 10th inst., when an excel
lent programme was presented for the
pleasure of the members and a number of
visitors. The gem of the evening was the
"Tinkers* Chorus." This parlor, one of
the most popular in San Francisco, having
one of the best corps of officers, each let
ter perfect In the ritual, is progressive,
harmonious, has a substantial treasury
and Is continually increasing in member
ship. On the 17th the parlor gave a snow
ball party in the Native Sons' building,
and all had .a jolly good time.
Past Grand President Mrs. Lena H.
Mills has returned to this city from
Stockton, where Bhe was on a visit. Her
sister, Emma Mills, is with her.
Las Lomas Parlor No. 72 has arranged
for an interesting party to be given on
the evening of the 23d inst. in Mission
Hall, on Seventeenth street, near Valen
cia.
On the 9th inet. Grand President Mrs.
Baker pai'i an official visit to Amapola
Parlor at Sutter Creek; on the 10th she
•was with Ursula Parlor, at Jackson; on
the Jlih with Conrad Parlor at Volcano •
on the 12th with Forest Parlor at Ply
mouth; on the 15th with Chlspa Parlor at
lone, and on the 16th with Geneva Par
lor at Camanche.
Reina del Mar Parlor of Santa Barbara
on the 18th inst. gave a social In the
armory, on. which occasion It entertained
the Native Sons of that place in grand
irtyle. ,
The official visit . of Grand President
Mrs. Baker to Amapola Parlor of Sutter
Creek, the home parlor of Grand Secre
tary Miss Frakes, was one of the most
delightful that the grand officer has made
In her tour of .visitations outside of ; this
city. She was most cordially received in
the meeting hall, which was decorated
The ITative Daughters.
All arrangements have been - completed
for the party. that is to be given by Ivy.
Chapter In the main hall of Golden Gate
Asylum on Sutter street on ; the night of
Tuesday, the 22d. The', programme will
include vaudeville numbers, a fare© and
dancing. . • . ¦ \ : ¦ ;
At the last held meeting of Mission
Chapter several candidates were Initiated,
among them Rosadela Conrad, a member
of Dardanelle Parlor of the : Native
Daughters of the Golden West, the daugh
ter of Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, past grand
president of the Native Daughters and
past matron of the chapter of the Eastern
Star, in Sonora.. Other Native Daughters
who were present and witnessed- the cere
mony were Dr. Louise » B. Deal of Las
Lomas Parlor/ who is the ; cpnductress of
Mission Chapter, and Miss E. D.-, Keith
of Ivy Chapter, the grand vice president
of the Native Daughters. 1 After the" work
of the evening the chapter members and
the visitors had a very pleasant time and
a collation. ' ., . t ;-, • *•. •.,-./¦
social . evenhur of King Solomon
Chapter, on the 16th Inst. was another ;of
thope delightful . functions ? for .'which this
chapter- is famous; ;. The entertainment
opened •' with -a., piano recUal, [which was
followed by the presentation of s a come
dietta entitled "Six Months Ago," in
Beulah Chapter at Its last held meeting
received six propositions for membership.'
This chapter expects a large „ initiation
within a short time. . ' v
The official visit pf ' District Deputy
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Anna" M.
Johnson to Olive Branch Chapter, which
had been announced for the - 14th. . inst. •
will not be until May 26, on which occa
sion, she -.will be received ¦; in a manner
that befits the important position she
holds. At the • last held meeting 1 of the
chapter a number of - applications were
presented and referred. During the work
of the evening the music was rendered by
Mrs. G. L. Darling, J. H. Garnett and Mr.
Mouser. After the meeting, there. was a
very pleasant hour uid the serving of a
collation. During the hour there was the
singing of ballads, recitations and instru
mental music. « , '
Tho Eastern; Star.
/ Louis G. ' Wolfe, who, during the recent
session of the Grand Lodge of the. Order
of Knights and Ladies of/ Honor, was ad
vanced from the office, of grandwlce^pro
jector ¦¦ to ; that . of grand protector, is ; a
member of Oakland Lodge and. a resident
of. that city. He, is quite a young j man,
employed in r this city in one of the large
bookbinding establishments. He,;: Is ; an
enthusiastic fraternal man. When he was
elected to the office he now fills he de
cjared that he would, not make any prom
ises as to what he will be able to do: for
the order ; during ¦¦ the '^current ¦ term, <. but
added that he would '• do : his ¦'=. best and
hoped thatr the result presented at : the
next session, of the Grand - Lodge, to l be
held in Sacramento -would' prove .that he
had not been derelict in. his duty. .
'», Mrs. Emma. Quitzow,. who. was appoint
ed special deputy : for. the State is an en
ergetic member of; Bay z City/Lodge i and
during , the past year, : while acting as ¦ an
organizer • without compensation, showed
her- capability to ' act em ; a : solicitor y for
members., •; having ' brought rn " twenty
within a period of; three months.;
The New. Protector.
At the meeting of Alta Parlor on tlie
night of the 25th Inst. a matter will come
up that will create considerable excite
ment.' It will be a proposition to declare
an assessment on the membership of that
parlor for the purpose of adding: ' to : the
fund that is being raised by the joint
committee to entertain, so It is stated,
the Gra'nd Parlor at its next . session in
this city. Strong views are expressed on
the subject. .-.
Among the visitors at the office of the
gTand secretary last week were Mary
Dempsy of Minerva Parlor, Agnes Troy
of Genevieve Parlor, Past Grand' Presi
dent Belle W. Conrad, Grand Vice Presi
dent Eliza r>. Keith, Minnie Fenn of San
Jose, Past Grand President Lena - H
Mills, Jennie Brown, Lena Hammerly and
Emma Munson of Piedmont Parlor, Rose
Larsen of Sutter Parlor, Myrtle Striker
of Oakdale, Dr. Florence Temple, . Mrs
Brown and Hanna Bailey of Darina Par
lor, Mrs. McElligott of Mariposa Parlor,
Eva Nichols of California Parlor, Mrs
L. O. R. Dyer of Ursula Parlor, Irene
Kerr of Amador City, Mary- Noonan of
Alta Parlor and Emma Hilke of Joaquin
Parlor. ¦ • ¦ \ -
Oakoale Parlor celebrated its first an
niversary on the 17th inst.
The circular recently, issued "In relation
to California landmarks has awakened an
Interest in the order and outside of it.
Responses of an encouraging nature have
been received from Miss Julia Levy for
Visalla Parlor, Stella Flnkeldey for Santa
Cruz Parlor, Mrs. Katie T. Briggs for
Marguerite Parlor of Placerville, Ida B.
Herman for Amapola Parlor of £ Sutter
Creek, Antoinette H. Coutelane of Reina
del Mar Parlor of Santa Barbara/ Hanna
M. Morris for Dardanelle Parlor, J
Knowland, grand trustee of the Native
Sons, and F. Lummis of the Landmarks
Club. . . . ;
* : . . , j.
most lavishly with flags, fruit blossoms,
palms and ferns. The officers wore new
regalia, and the manner in which they,
performed their work, without a mistake,
created a very favorable impression on
the grand president, who after instruc
tion, advice and suggestions for the good
of the order complimented the officers for
the- correctness of 'their work. By her
manner and address the grand president
in return created a favorable impression
on the membership, some of those ' who
had never met her before declaring that
they "thought her the sweetest of -all
grand presidents." A fine collation was
served, consisting of creamed Eastern
oysters on toast, cheese crackers, salads,
roast chicken, fancy cakes and icecream.
While discussing these dainties the grand
president remarked that it was too bad
that the grand secretary was not at the
meeting, and that if she was returning
direct to San Francisco she would take
with her substantial evidence of Ama
pola's collation. During the evening after
the work there was an intellectual pro
gramme that proved very interesting. The
ladles of the parlor entertained Mrs. Ba
ker at the American Exchange and the
day after the visit had her driven in a
carriage to Jackson.
Alpini Grove at its last held meeting In
itiated ten candidates. . making the mem
bership at this time 258. The work In the
Italian language was, letter perfect- and
was given under the direction of N. A;
Locopo, the noble arch. • .¦..•:
The Past Arches' "Association will visit
Volta Grove on the 25£h inst. -
I On the 23d Inst. Golden Star Grove will
have a class of forty strangers to initiate.
Hesperian * Circle initiated twelve can
didates - at j its last I held meeting ' and de
cided to procure new regalia.
William Tell Grove has initiated twenty
four candidates In the past two months
increasing the membership to more than
Grove initiated six candidates on
the 6th inst., tho .work being by the of
ficers of the grove without ritual. Past
Arch D. Hamman and District Deputy Dr.
Torrello iwere present and addressed the
meeting. ¦ ¦•. . v ¦
" Four candidates were initiated in Golden
Star Grove at its, last ljeld meeting/In
creasing the membership to 170. " .
Ban Francisco will soon have three new
groves. This will<make the number of
new groves twelve, the largest number in
any one year. The prospects are that
Noble Grand Arch Godeau will have made
the best record of any like officer In the
history of Druldism In this: State. • ¦•
On the 2d of May. Noble Grand Arch
Godeau will. pay an official visit to Mc-
Kinley Grove. ' , . .
Deputy Grand Arch Guglielmonl recent
ly visited Mendoclno Grove at Fort Bragg
?/, ter w a , seventy-mile stage ride from
Ukiah. He found the grove in a prosper
ous condition and there was a large class
of candidates for Initiation. He conferred
the initiatory degree and gave the grove
instruction in the other degrees. There
was a banquet at. the Anderson Hotel.
The several groves are preparing to
celebrate Druids' day on May 6. This is
in accordance with a resolution adopted
at the last held session of the Grand
Grove, declaring such a day for ob
servance by all the groves. The celebra
tions will be in the nature of picnics, ex
cursions, entertainments and banquets U ¦
Templar Grove initiated one stranger at
its last held meeting, and under good of
the order there was an address on Druid
ism by Dr. Sichel, noble aroh of Golden
Star Grove. • .
At the meeting of Supreme Arch Chap
ter Hartnagel No. 3, on the 14th inst,
nominations for officers for the ensuing
term closed and the election will be held
at the' next meeting. Eight candidates
were initiated into the mysteries of the
chapter.
The Druids.
GRAND PROTECTOR OF THE
KNIOHTS AND LADIES OF
HONOR.
William Hansen. one of the district dep
uties in the district in which were located
Harmony and Alta lodges last year, was
last week made the recipient of a pa^t
masters' gold badge in recognition of tlits
good work done.
The following named are six of the dis
trict deputies that have been appointed
lor San Francisco under the new appor
tionment: For district No. L William P.
Feeney; districts 2 and 3. no appoint
ments as yet; No. 4, Dr. /F. T. Duncan-
No. 5, Charles F. Thurston; No. 6, J. P.
Shaylor; No. 7, J. F. Walthour, and No. 8
L. M. Manzar Jr.
Durins April, that Is, up to the 16th,
Grand Recorder Spencer paid thirty-three
deaths claims, amounting to $S5,0Q0. .
Modoc Lodge at its last held meeting in
itiated twelve candidates.
Special Deputy Calvert will preside at
an open meeting to be held at Lincoln,
Placer County, on the 26th inst. There
will be an entertainment as ¦well. '
The lodges of San Joaquin Valley have
made arrangements for a picnic at Mo
desto on Mayday.
The supreme grand master workman
and several of the grand officers were in
San Jose on the 17th. on the 18th they
•were at Sacramento, where they were re
ceived br the local lodges in the Assem
bly chamber. Secretary of State C. F.
Curry was master of ceremonies. On the
21st he will be received by the lodges of
Los Anjreles and while there will be en
tertained at a banquet.
The supreme master workman is a logi
cal speaker, but not one of the kind who
has the power to enthuse. He is one of
those individuals who can sit down with
another and discuss a proposition in a
convincing- manner, but he lacks oratori
cal force. To the membership of the lodges
here he was somewhat of a disappoint
ment, for during neither of the speeches
he delivered at the meeting in Alta Lodge
end the one at the reception tendered
him in the Metropolitan Temple did he
advance eny new ideas in connection with
the good for the order. '
A year ago the deputy grand master
made a radical change in the selection of
the district deputies for the lodges In San
Francisco. He Increased the number and
decreased the number of lodges, so that
they could make more visits to the lodges
assigned to them, and it also was ar
ranged that no deputy should be a deputy
of the lodge in which he held his mem
bership, for the reason that if a question
came up before him for decision he. per
force, would be an interested party and
bis decision would not have the force of
that of an impartial party. It was also
arranged that the deputies would be given
lodges so as not to interfere with the
nights of the meeting of the lodge they
belonged to. This was looked upon in the
light of a step' In the line of progression,
and it was hoped that this year there
might be some Improvement in the mat
ter of further increasing the number of
deputies so that none weuld have more
than two lodges to attend to, but the new
administration wtprd out the progressive
line and went back to the old methods,
reducing the number of deputies to eight,
giving all but two four lodges each and
making each the deputy of the lodge in
which he is a member. Experience has
shown that no deputy can afford to at
tend to four lodge meetings a week dur
ing twelve months in succession, and the
result is that the lodges are not as care
fully watched, instructed and enthused as
the ought to be.
famous topical songs, and he
was received with so much demonstration
in the matter of applause and cheers that
after he retired the supreme master ad
vanced to the footlights and said: "I have
one thought to express— that is, that
when you have a brother as a grand offi
cer who is so much in the hearts of. the
brothers as is your grand receiver, then
there is no fear that there will be a lack
of enthusiasm in workmanship." It was
a pretty compliment to a member of the
order, than whom no one is more appre
ciated by the general membership.
District Deputy Julius Meyer has been
presented by San Francisco, Falrmount
and Yerba Buena lodges, comprising Dis
trict No. 1, o\-er which he presided, a
beautiful gold watch as a mark of ap
preciation of the manner in which he dis
charged the duties of his office during the
past term.
•*~*>v N the night of the reception to
/\y"^A Supreme Master Harwick in
/I \\ \] the Metropolitan Temple the
IV \\ y venerable . receiver of the
Grand Lodge, Samuel Booth.
"^ appeared to render some of his
Oriental Lodge No. 90 has arranged"*fo'r
a folly party on the night of the 30th inst.
in the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows'
building. ' «
The trustees of the Orphans' Home have
issued a circular to all lodges, In which
there Is the following:
- In : obedience to oft expressed wishes from
many of our interested and enthusiastic sisters
and brothers, the trustees of the I. O OF?
Orphans' Home of California, take. pleasure in
tnus giving notice of an earnest effort on their
part to plan for. an excursion from San Fran
cisco to our Orphans' Home at Gllroy. on Mon
day May 12. 1002. This date has been chosen
in order to accommodate the many brothers and
sisters who will be coming from all , parts of
our Jurisdiction, at that time, as representa
tives and delegates to the Grand Lodge and
Rcbekah Assembly, which grand bodies will
convene in this" city on Tuesday May. 13 i
plar Rebekah Lodge tendered a reception
to the membership of Fidelity Lodge,
during .which the following programme
was rendered: Vocal solo, Mr? Sten
house; recitation, Miss Murray; banjo
specialties, M: Smith; vocal solo, Miss
Grace Bray, and sketches by Norris Par
rent; This. was followed by dancing and
the serving of refreshments.
The, entertainment and ; lecture in the
hall of Mission Rebekah Lodge on the
12th inst. was attended by almost every
member of : the body, .also by many of
their friends. , The programme embraced
piano selections by Mrs. Pracy, a decla
mation by Miss M. Kenney, a vocal solo
by. F. Worth and a monologue by Profes
sor N. Parent. The feature, s however,
was the lecture on the ! 'Amusing Side of
Life in the Streets and Bazaars of India"
by Dr. Marion F. Sterling, a lady who for
twenty-five years was a. resident of that
part of the world. VWIth rare descriptive
power she told s In a • most entertaining
manner much about" what may be seen of
that country, of the habits of the natives,
their peculiarities and their home life,
a great deal of which was exceedingly in
teresting. The lecture was followed by
dancing. :-... ¦ . .-. ,
The reception tendered by Loyal - Re
bekah Lodge to District Deputy Mrs. Floy
C. Urquhart and her staff on the night of
the.Mth inst. in Odd Fellows' Haliwas
one of those functions that make a dep
uty feel that her efforts for the good: of
the. particular lodge giving, it and- the or
der generally, are appreciated. There were
a number of pleasant addresses and then
a collation- of icecream was served to the
many who were in attendance. * _ \
On the 19th inst. Amity Lodge tendered
a reception to the district deputy, Mrs.
Urquhart, and her staff. There, too, was
an. enjoyable evening. " ¦
' The recording secretary of Templar Re
bekah Lodge having taken unto herself a
husband had a constitutional excuse for
resigning from the position and did j so.
lor the vacancy there were four candi
dates and the unusually large number of
I 1 , 6 * vot ?? were cast « Th e lucky one^waa
Sister Coffin. "
The Rebekahs. '
Illustrated reading, "Maud- Muller,". tableau
I, ! Maud, and Judge, Ira S. Hobbs ¦ and | Emily
Hobro; tableau II, Maud, Emily Hobro;. tab
leau III, Judge's home, Emily Hobro. Letltla
Blade, Clarence Dawson,' ..,. Walter .Baehr, A;
Livingstone Spence; tableau IV, Maud' s home,
Emily : Hobro, ! Walter Baehr and little Eva
Mahegan; tableau V, . "It might > have .* been,"
Emily Hobro and Ira ; S. » Hobbs; illustrated
reading. "Lead Kindly ; Light," - tableau. Miss
Metta Wolpmann, Marian KaU, i ' Olive ~ A.
Wood, Louise Nelson and Emma P. ' Congdon;
Miss Mae F. CKeeffe. reader. -
Dancing followed the j programme. Fred
B. Woods was the master of ceremonies.
The entertainment ; was :": witnessed by
nearly 6000 persons. ' V •
which Edward E.* Pollock, Alfred D. La
motte and Miss Mae Frank O'Keeffe took
part and won much applause. LlttleHar
old Borcher gave a fancy dance. Then
followed readings with tableaux as fol
lows: , ; .
fHE SA^ FRA:N c J!3^ 1902.
32
;-, : / - ~ ;';- i ¦¦ ' . ¦''¦', ••;¦¦¦ .-;*.".;:¦•"'.. : ; advebtisejicents. ' : . ' ' • : _
Is?! v^ «hI ~~ * ¦ *• ' ki March 15, 1899. Kgg !
m\ MrSm Pinkfo&m's advice was W
ffl \ : promptfy £*&&®fyegf by Mrs. M
m mk Watson aFad a fevw month® later H
' ffffiBBP^IilftJga 5Jr> ff 86 ** i^*^ ' '&^tk RE^lAf ADH Owing to tne fact that some skeptical people hare from time to time questioned J¦ ;The ¦;¦•, following - reception v committee
looked.' after 'the twelfare-of -the guests:
Messrs.*; D. Corkery/ ' E." - Renault,' W.'- G:
Fahy.'G. Mitchell, <E.- Collett,''.W.-^Pen
gelly. E." McGee; P. Fahy. .• : . -,
The Alicia Social" Club held its -Initial
dance April 6 at ; Twin < Peaks , Hall. VThe
success of the social was due to ". the ef
forts of the 'following committee:' In
: The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will dose -their twelfth ; season/ with'
an assembly; and i german - next r •' • Friday
evening,' April; 25, In the :new. ballroom of
the Palace .Hotel. Several new and pretty
figures of the- cotillon will be introduced.
• The Norfolk Social Club will ; give^ its
third annual clambake,, to-day. ; The offi
cers of :the Norfolk Club are: • B. Bakor,
president;- J. Bocard,. vice president; T.
J. Lynngreen, secretary; Tip . O'Nell,
treasurer; T. Monaghan.- chef; J. -Finne
gan.- sergeant-at-arms; William Crosby,
assistant sergeant-at-arms ; committee of
arrangements— Harry ¦ Baker, ; E. : Groom;'
Denis Fiffcgerald: club jester,- D.Dunlea;
board of trustees— Charles ' Maher. 5 Val
Hetzler, T.Dowd and Charles McCleary.
The Norfolk ' Social . Club: will /give a
dance April 27 for, the benefit of the'Gal
,way. booth of the Irish Fair at its club
rooms. '- - '¦¦' ¦'. •-'¦!' ¦ .'¦¦ i '•¦¦ : '•'> '. .'-' ¦ -
, The Sheridan Social Club held Its sixth'
entertainment and dance in Mission ' Par
lor Hall," Saturday. evening,'.April-12," and
tertained .' several hundred young people
with;: the -following /programme,- after,
'which, there was dancing: r Overture," Fo
ley's orchestra ; - soprano - solo, > Mrs. ; E." R;
Bloom; mandolin; duet, W. G.\.Fahyj and'
C. A." Markely:* tenor: solo,' Jack;Harris;.
selections, orchestra; - coon specialties.'
George :-Fearn:' fancy "•* dancing, -Gladys
'Montague;/ selections. •' Manhattan ' quar
tet; banjo. duet, Professor Graeber and D.'
¦ Torres. '•'-¦'-' .:'. ' r -.'-¦. "-.'-•'•' '',**.' "' ; , ;.. '^>' ¦'¦':'¦.
Alpha Chapter of the Iota Alpha Fra
ternity gave : Its ' annual .dance i, Friday
evening. "Aprir 11, at Golden Gate -Hall.".
Club Parties.
C Miss rOlga'Cook had- a- party given to
her "at "the hotel in.hqnor i of. her; tenth
birthday:: The table was set for six. The
decorations, consisted of 'roses. *7A large
Japanese umbrella decorated; with roses
and greenery covered the table. : > ¦ . ;
: .; Guests : registered at - the Geysers up to
date are.as follows:^. Germany— Dr. M^ax
Schmidt; .Toledo;. Ohio— Edward Bayer
-Lafayette, Ind.— J. M. Fowler Jr.; Pagosa
Springs,"' Colo.— J.- C. I Dowell , and I wife ;
Burton, .Ohio— O. 'D. .Newcomb and Miss
Orie : Newcomb ; ; San . Francisco— Willard
'M;' Sheldon, '-'Edwin: -Sheldon,- Dr. A. E
'Blake, Miss M. Lacarrlen, Dr. F. C. Canac
Marquis, ] Mrs. > Jeanne .Broche,' P. E. Le
vegne; Louis Bralssant, : C. W. Barry and
;wlfe,J.E.: Weeds and.wire, J. F. Hurney
and; wife, Nicholas Laplace, Ralph May
hew iBalrd, '¦William Le win,. Dr.. Joseph I.
MansonandPbillip I." Manson; Sausalito
—James : E. Bell, ¦ Mrs. - Charles Mason,
Miss ! M.*' J. Mason, Miss ,W.- F.' Mason and
R. W. ' Mason r,Oakland—B.tF.' Dougherty
and.D.-N. S. :• Halsey ; Cloverdale— C. A.
"Yordi.-.Misa Flora iYordl, E. ,C. -Humbert
and Lwlfe, tfl H. Hill,- J. M.: Barnhardt and
wife; Ukiah— H. ., H.- Elliott 'and C. -L.
Thomas;.''Napa—J.-S.. Madden .and wife;
San. Rafael— Mrs. J. C. Hoover;. Ross Val
ley—Miss.Margaret*E. Whitmore: Sebas
tcpol—W. F. Newcomb ; and .wife; San
¦ IWteo- D.: I." Campbell. .: „¦ ¦
Following : is- the | list- of- arrivals at the
El Monte Hotel: Los Gatos: J.t Johnston,
San Jose; . C.E.'.Shepard,- Chicago;- Gua
Olcguez,- Sari Francisco;' H. F.-Van Nest
Jr., Chicago; , Mrs.. '.W.. A.- Jacobs.'Camille
G. : Byrne. W." Fahey, > Mrs.i H>I,. Byrne,
Mr. and. Mrs. ;!!. ¦pamkroege,: San Fran
cisco.';-">i'i.'',:i '¦"¦¦>•' •¦-v'.., ; . -¦•";.
r ;* The following guests registered at-Ho
tel Mateo, San Mateo, last week: ' From
San J Francisco— C. E. Hlldebrecht, > Mr.
and Mrs; H. W. Newbauer.Mr. and Mrs.
Charles -T.,> Rodolph, Mrs. jC. '-.'Meyer ¦ and
maid, Mr. ". and Mrs. E. Mandel, -. F.. F.
Miner,- Mrs.' Alfred Greenebaum and fam
ilyr Mr., and -Mrs. R. B.Hale and family.
Julius Trieste and son,: F. . A.--Boyer, E.
Courtney Ford, E. Raymond Armsby.
From New York— Mr. and -Mrs. . C. S.
Guthrle, Mr. and Mrs. R. S. : Warner,
Sterling Postley, Miss L. O; Taylor and
maid, Ml&s Margaret , Benson '.and; maid,
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Towle.- From Chi
cago—Mrs. J. K: Armsby, child and nurse.
The following -guests registered at
"Agrua Caliente Springs last week: From
San Francisco— George Allen J.
Byrne, Harry R. McCarthy, Mr. ' and Mrs.
'A., P. .."Van Duzer.'Miss Katie l VanDuzer,
Mrs.'. J. Crosby, Miss G. * Burns, Mrs. A.
LVTubbs, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lint,
Robert Woods, M.-T.- Wilson, Mlsa
Hocker. ¦ From Burllngam'e— Mr. and Mrs.
George \ A.. Pope, ' George A. Newhall.
From San • Mateo— Mr.. and Mrs.: Samuel
Knight.-^. From , San , Rafael— Mrs. T. B
Cushlng. : -¦•¦¦-. . . " . /:- -.-.-.
• 6." Ross . of Sacramento wishes to an
nounce the barmitzvah of. his son Bernard
on Tuesday, morning,. April 22; at the syn
agogue. Beth. Israel, 'Geary street, near
Octavla. ./A reception will be held Tues
day.'afternoon from. 2 to 5 o'clock at tha
home of.'hls uncle and aunt, Mr,, and Mrs.
.L.> Cohl, 1629 'Golden Gate avenue, near
Devisadero street. i'V*?,* < ;
1 The I following -guests are v atwhlte cot
•tagesf Howell Mountain: r A7i3^ Mtilkey,
Luke Mulkey Sr.. Mrs. Ida Mulkey, Mas
ter Charles Mulkey; Otto Leonard, Modoc
County; Rudolph Wallman, Mrs. 'A; Wall
man. Master R. Wallman. Mrs.- A. Muller,
Miss A. Wallman, ' East Oakland.
Mrs. I. Tobrlner has removed, to 1921
Webster street, where she will be pleased
to see her. friends. ., L ; ;. .
' Mrs.'- Fannie Cahn has . removed to 1921
Webster, street, where she -will receive
her, friends. ., --". -.¦* ,:-.; -: ' .
Mrs. P. Barman and Miss Marie Bar
man will be at home Wednesday after
noon* April 23, at, 1096 Post street, prior
to their departure for Europe. .
- Mrsi A. Schlesinger and >' Mrs. L. L.
Moise, formerly of 613 Ellis street, have
removed to 1807 Octavia 1 street. : ' At home
first and third Wednesdays until June L
Mrs. Sol Getz will discontinue her days
at home for the present. .. ¦ .
- : : Dr. Clark . Burnham and family moved
into their new home, 1121 •¦ ; Devisadero
street, April 15. .
Personals.
Misses ¦ Minnie and Esther Mosbacher,
Nettie and Clara Robitscher, Justine ana
Helen Levy, Irma and Myra Bernstein,
Nettie and Julia Url, Tessie Neuberger,
Lena Sandecz, Eva Stern, Olga, Hilda and
Edna Ullmann; Goldie Munter,. I Bertha
and Lillle Morris and Juliet and Beatrice
Kayman. Adolph Levy, Professor Bar
nard, Wi Stern, J. Lake, A. Lake, W.
Lake.-W; Hoyt, E. Cohen, T. Glauber, C.
Glauber, ;H. Munter, and' Master
Levy. - . '- .. ¦ ' '--¦" ¦' ¦ * -5$ ;'"'".-
One of r the most enjoyable; affairs ever
given in Vlsltacion Valley : was held^at
the residence of Mrs. -Gilligan .Saturday,
evening, April < 12." ,Tho occasion -was Tec
birthday surprise party tendered to Miss,
May me Leona Gilligan by Mrs.. James
Smith and Miss Phoebe Smith.' The early
part of the evening 1 was devoted to danc
ing, and at midnight supper, was.served.
After supper dancing', . singing: games' and
recitations were enjoyed by all until early,
morning. '- Those present were: ; > ,-
Mrs. Susan Gilligan, Mr. and Mrs. John
H. Boege. Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Romer,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C. Towns, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles M. : Gilligan,' Mr. and'Mrs.'
Herman Boege, Mr. and Mrs. :Peter. Hur
ray, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Howland, Mrs.
James Smith, Mrs. Romietta. B. Hutchi
son, Mrs. James Inurr, Mrs. G.eorge Kelly,
Miss Phoebe Smith,- Miss Mayme Leona
Gilligan, Misses Mollie and Susie Gilligan,
Miss Effle Daulton, Miss . Alice Gibbons,'
Miss Maybelle" Penn, Miss Cora Daulton,
Miss Edith Gibbons, Miss Livonia ¦ Taber,
Miss Maggie MeKeown, Miss Gertrude
Daulton. , Miss .Eva M. | Towns, : Misses
Grace G. and Charlotte Romer, Frank
Boege, Bert Penn. r- Will Smith, Thomas
Gilligan, Ampstead. Burnett, Samuel II
lich, Peter H. Burnett, Ed. Gilligan, Rob
ert Hausman, William ~Mayhood, . Chris
Gilligan, John Perasso,' George May hood,
Will Maloney. Frank Cunningham, . Fa
rillo Cavagnaro, Joseph Perassa. Ted
Kenneally. Joseph Richardson, Thomas
Rogers. Harry Kenneally, Daniel . Cavag
naro, John Cunningham, Richard Lucler,-
Adolph Block, David Fraser.-and Ernest
Kraua. : . .. ¦_,,'„• ; -' ; <
Thursday, evening, April 17, a very en
joyable "trolley party 0 was given by
Messrs. Ben -Rush and-Ben duff, to their
many friends, chaperoned by Mrs. .Wal
ters. Among the invited guests -..were
Misses Julia Backe. Myrtle 3 Langf ord,
Daisy and Jessie Walters, Georgie McCoy,
Agrnes Hogan, Mabel > Schrlner, , . Myrtle
Kent, Mamie McGert, Alma, Stevens and
Annie McAvoy, .Frank . Hoppy,. .Chick*
Gough, George Mero,- Tom Rush. John
Floyd, James ¦ Killyon; ¦ Albert Blrchal,
Maurice Stormer, Fred Dawson, : Frank
Morris, Will Howard, John McAvoy. and
Albert Cox. /. .' % -, "'•'':
The Hermosa was chartered for the oc
casion. • The evening was spent in danc
ing and 'singing in the Union Depot. The
tables were spread for. twenty-eight.' .'.
Among 'these 1 present were: Mr. ¦ and
Mrs. L. Hayman. Mr. and Mrs. S. G.
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. S. Robitscher,. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Wrage, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ull
mann, Mr. and Mrs. J. Stern, Mr. and
Mrs. G. Lake and Mrs. I. Bernstein.
An "evening at home" was given last
Sunday by Miss Juliet Hayman at- her
residence, 3G6 Fourth avenue, it being the
occasion of her. birthday. Among the dif
ferent numbers given were several piano
selections by Professor Barnard, cornet
solos by Harry Munter and Edward Co
hen and recitations by William Stern.
Dancing and games were indulged in un
til, a late hour, when the guests repaired
to the. dining-room, where supper was
served. - '
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Ahlborn, . Mrs. H.
Ahlborn, Mrs. W. Ahlborn, Mr. and Mrs.
Uhte, Mr. and Mrs. C- Fletcher, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Rlley, Mr. and Mrs. S. Throw
ell, Mr. and Mrs. J. Stussy,-- Mrs. C.
Schrader, Mrs. Silva, Misses Mattie Jul
ian. Stella Silva. Mary Uhte, Oroal Stussy
and Never Stussy, Messrs. J. Stenbach,
George Benilaek, C. Johnson, E. Camp
bell, A. Willey, H. D. Stussy, C. Wilieyi
Masters Harry Ahlborn, \V. Fletcher and
Johnnie and Willie Uhte. -
A reception. was tendered to A. W. and
H. Ahlborn at their residence, 33^ Lafay
ette street. on Thursday evening, April 10,
on their return from Honolulu. The par
lors were beautifully decorated : for : the
occasion, and an excellent musical pro
gramme was rendered during the- even
ing. Among those invited were:
Home Parties.
Miss Lillian Barnett and . Herbert M.
Davidson were married Thursday evening
at 1414 McAllister street. Rabbi Nieto
officiated. The wedding was a very, pretty,
and enjoyable affair.
Miss Grace Allen and Angelo J. ' Rossi
were married at old St. Mary's Church on
Wednesday last. The bride: is a daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Allen. ''
They're Married.
The following named sailed . on the
steamship Alameda, which left for 1 Hono
lulu yesterday: Mrs. L. Andrews and
child,; C. A. '..Brown, C. H. Brown, Mrs.
Brown, and child, C. • Candy, ' Mrs. M. J.
Carroll, A. .W. Carter, J. B. Castle,
James Dlzney, Mrs. W. S. Ellis, Mrs. E.
M. J . Farrar.vMiss B. Farrar, F.' H. Grace.
G. W. R.^ King, Mrs. King, George Mc-
Leod,,J. W. < Mason, Mrs. M. E. .Orvis, A.
J. Rosenthal, G. F. Schloetelborg, W. M.
Templeton, M. D. Vanvalles • and F. R.
Werthmuller. V ] •
On ; the Hamburg-American » line twin
screw steamship Palatia, which sailed for
Naples and Genoa on the 16th inst., were
the following Californians: Mr. , and Mrs.
B. P. Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stepp,
Charles Stepp Jr., Frederick Stepp, Miss
Marie Stepp, Ralph Stepp, Master Walde
mar Stepp, Mr. and Mrs. .'Kobert O.
Stoehr and daughter. ¦ . : ,.
The following from 'the Pacific Coast
sailed f rom ; New - York on the . Hamburg-
Amerjcan fast express steamship Deutsch
landon the 17th inst:;;; Mr. and'Mrs. C. A.
Canfield and two.dau'ghtersr*A r .' St. Clair
fprd, Joseph Triest, Karl Stelnlein,' . Mrs.
C. H. Leadbetter and daughter, Mrs. Hen
rlette Rosendale, P. J.' Seller, Mr.V and
Mrs. A. Sherman/ Mrs. Emma;-Bendixsen,
Miss .Anita D. I Smith, J. H. j Davlsson, H.'
Lu Harris, C. ' Seideman, ' Mrs. . Louisa
Kohn,;Mrsl A. Asmann, Mr. \and Mrs.
W^illiam Sachau, Mrs.,Frank J. Kalis,
Mrs. W. Haushield. rsi !
Sailed Away.
Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Galland announce
the engagement of their daughter Selma
to Benard Lowenstein; and' will be pleased
to receive their friends this afternoon and
Tuesday, April 22, at -their home, 1240
O'Farrell streeti - ..A
- Miss Rose Loewy and William Conn will
receive in honor of their engagement at
the residence of ' Mr. and Mrs. L. Hertz
mann, 731 Capp street, Sunday afternoon
from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. EdwardWheelock Runyon
of New York announce ''. the. coming mar
riage of their daughter, Cora \ Kraemer
Runyon, formerly, of ..San- Francisco, to
George W. Glddlngs of Brooklyn, New
York. The ceremony, followed by a recep r
tion, will take place at the home of the
bride's parents, 319 State street, Brooklyn,
N/Y. ¦ . •¦ ' -¦.
They're Engaged.
one's good fortune ¦¦ to
look upon before this, season. The dainty
summer organdies, . chiffons; and •: 'laces
grace the wearers amazingly, while . the
lawn parties set off their beauty to perfec :
tion. .From now on these out-of-door af
fairs will become more and more frequent.
/^/I^Vjy—^-i ITHv the .increasing
'Jy7 I VS| number : of ' social af
/1 I'll I fairs have appeared
IV I IV I J 1 more exquisitely
>v*y>v^\. V sowned- maids and ma
. v »' \f trons than it has been
'Mrs. -William" "Wieboldt was' tendered a
surprise party by her husband -at their
residence, 937. Sutter. : street, ; on Tuesday
evening,~ March 25,, in" honor of the anni
versary of her . birthday. Those invited
were: Mr. - and Mrs. D. ' Nienstadt, Mr.
and Mrs. 1 ' M. Meyer, ; Mr. ' and ' Mrs. C.
Witt, Mr. and -Mrs.. Henry -Witt, Mr.
and Mrs. .W. 1 . Fisher, Mr. : and Mrs. ' C;
Collett, Mr. and'Mrs." F. Suhr Jr.VMr. and
Mrs. W. t Maack, Mr. ; and Mrs. '•' W.vRem
ensperger, • Mr. I and >' Mrs. ! . C." Dull, the
Misses Ida and Alma Boger, 'Agnes* and
Mary ¦ \WieboIdt,- : :* Sophie ¦ and Minnie
Steimke, I Annie /Ahrens,' I Clara ¦¦ Brem
kamp, : May : Peters, v Dorothy >: Nienstadt,
Bertha Dryer, Annie Windeler: Messrs.
Edward Nienstadt, Arthur Gribble; Carl
Geilfuss, W. H.j Bennett, Eggert- Peters,
William' Rehmstedt. William ; St. John,
Ed Rolls, Sidney Vernon,' George Tietjen,
Henry, .Windeler: Mrs.;. Lena* Perry, Miss
Minnie Laauser of Sacramento and Miss
Loretta Weller of Warm; Springs.
charge: George Reeves, Miss Josie Green
lnger and Miss : Catherine ~: Kerns. The
next dance will be^ held May 3. ,
The regular monthly meeting of the
Michigan Club was held at itsirooms; 1C20
California street, April 8. members
; decided to , adjourn for their summer .va
cation until, the second Tuesday in Sep
itember;; '>c;-v V-> ¦-¦¦¦' u 'V-\. ¦'. ' ¦¦¦'¦ •¦
Captain John P. Finley of the Ninth
Infantry. United States army, delivered a
lecture last evening at the Mechanics' In-
Ftitute building on Post ' street, detailing
the industrial, scientific and military
problems Incidental" to the Island posses
sion*? in the Pacific. of the United States.
Captain Finley handled the subject with
a clear conception and his remarks were
closely followed by an Interested audience.
Lectures on Insular Possessions.
< There was -a large attendance at the
meeting of Hospitium No. 1, at its hall. In
Red Men's building, last Thursday "night.
Grand Recording Host William "F/Conel-
Jey left t yesterday .; f or; Los | Angeles to ¦ ar
range for preliminaries for the institution
of a hospitium in that city. Many recita
tions and musical selections -were* en
joyed by the members present. Arrange
ments were completed in respect, to * the
attendance of San Francisco Hospitium
at 1 the banquet to be given -by the Oakland
lodge in honor." of > Coroner ¦¦ H. • Bv-Mehr
mann, the present grand chief- host of the
order. ' .Son Francisco/ ' Hospitium • . w'll
leave In a body: by the '7:30 narrow gauge
boat on Monday night. ' - . -. ; •
Bohemians of America.
Egyptian seeress, has removed to more
commodious quarters in • the Vendome,
1104 Market street, corner of Turk, offices
9 and 10, where she can be consulted daily
after to-day on all affairs of life. Hours,
30 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sunday, 10 to 12 m. ?
Ism.ir, the Wonderful
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The follow
ing Californians have arrived at. the ho
tels: Raleigh— F. E. Blbblns; Willard— A.
L. Scott and wife, W. D. Scott, A. L.
Scctt Jr.; National— J. V. Young, all of
San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
The railway companies are making
great preparations for the reception of the
members • of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs of America, which holds
its biennial cpnventlon at Los Angeles
beginning May 1. It is estimated that sev
eral thousand women from all parts of
the East will attend the convention.
Word has been received by the Southern
Pacinc that the New England delegation
will number 400 persons and that the
party will cross the continent in four spe
cial trains. The New York delegation will
number 175 people and they will make the
trip via El Paso. Illinois will send 100
persons in a special train and Kansas is
scheduled to send ten delegates. In'addi
tion to the special .parties there; will be
hundreds who will travel by the regular
trains. The delegates are . scheduled to
visit San Francisco on , their way East
and preparations • for their reception -by
local members of the federation are being
made. . ' ". ¦ : .-.
Members of Federation of Clubs
Hext Month.
Arrangements Beiner Made to Receive
¦WOMEN" DELEGATES "WILL
VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
J. A. Brent, a prominent capitalist and
clubman of New York, Is at the Palace
for a short elay. during which he will at
tend to his mining interests In the north
ern part of the State.
Milton Nobles, the actor, who is to ap
pear at a local playhouse next week, ar
rived in the city yesterday. He Is regis
tered with Mrs. Noble at a downtown
hotel.
Mr. Alfred S. Gump, who Is now in
New York, will depart for Europe next
Tuesday, the 22d. inst., on the steamer
Wllhelm der Grosse.
Samuel Haskins, a well-known official
of Los Angeles, Is spending his honey
moon In this city. The couple are regis
tered at the Palace. '.*,"•
Arthur Hill, a wealthy gentleman of
Baglnaw, Mich., who has extensive lum
ber Interests In this State, is registered at
the Palace.
6. D. Kllpatrick of Wyoming and R. J.
Kilpatrick of Nebraska, well-known rail
way contractors, are registered at the
Palace.
J. G. Roberts, a banker of Mad era, Is
In the city on a business trip and is reg
istered at the Palace.
Dr. S. McL. Dofeerty of Moncton, N. B.,
Is registered at the Grand.
J. I*.McCune, a leading 6hoe manufac
turer of Boston, is at the Palace.
Dr. TV. H. Le Barre of Weavervtlle Is
at the Grand. - ;
Dr. D. L. Tasker of Los Angeles Is vis
iting the city.
W. C. Price, a mining man of Pasadena.
Is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. April 19.-Walter
Vrooman. founder of Ruskin College in
England and head of the great co-opera
tive enterprises which have their center
at Trenton. Mo., announced to-day that
he will build a model village near Kansas
City. The land has already been pur
chased, but he will not make public the
location until next week." .
The village will be a town with, a dozen
factories running within a few months.
It ¦will have churches, schoolhouses,
dwellings, stores and places of amuse
ment, and all will be built at Vrooman a
will be built and conducted
along the lines suggested in a book re
centlv written by Professor John Dewey
of tb^TrnivcrsTly-of Chicago/* said Vroo
man. ~~lt will be more for the welfare of
children than grown people. There will
be playgrounds of all kinds, and one of
the principal buildings will be a house
where children can live under the care ot
vounjf women nurses and teacherE.
Vrooman said that he will open twenty
five co-operative stores in Kansas City
within a few weeks.
"I have already decided upon the loca
tion of twenty of the stores," he said.
"They will be opened at once. The fac
rories in the model village will produce
articles that will tte sold In the stores.
Vrooman Is making arrangements for
what he calls "co-operative revival
week," which begins May 12. He has
leased the Century Theater for thejveek
and free performances will be given by
the Walter Jefferson Dramatic Company.
Walter Jefferson is a' nephew of Joseph
Jefferson. A large tent will be erected
near the theater and "overflow meetings
will be held there. The Vrooman stores,
opened In Northern Missouri some time
ago are all thriving. Those In Trenton
ere the largest, as that place is one of the
strongholds of the "reformers.
Vrooman now has offices in the Century
building in this city, where he makes his
headquarters. The offices are elegantly
furnished and several clerks are kept
busy by Mr. Vrooman. who seems to nave
unlimited means for carrying out his nu
merous enterprises. With his model vil
lage built and his Kansas City stores in
operation Vrooman will be at the head of
the greatest co-operation system in the
world. • I ' *• .. ." •
€j*cl«J Dispatch to The Call.
A strong protest will again be made to
the Board of Education as soon as the
.Merchants'- Association takes action Sec
retary King declined to Btate what his
recommendations would be.
"The residents of the district want a
schoolhouse erected where it will be most
convenient to a majority of the residents,"
said C. Stader yesterday. "The Edna
street site is too far away and almost in
accessible In winter. The, Board of Edu
cation seems tied up to the Edna-street
lot, but a school might as well be erected
on the property surrounding the House of
Correction. The land would at least have
the advantage of not costing the city
anything-, and would be more acceptable
to the -residents of the neighborhood, as
good roads now lead to it.
On behalf of the objectors to the Flood
avenue and Edna street site it is stated
that while 318 children are in the district
east of the two proposed sites only 100
are in the district to the west. Some of
the children attend the school in the dis
trict, others go to the Fairmount School,
but a majority go into schools further in
the city. As a solution to the proposition
it is new proposed to erect an eight-room
school building on one of the inside loca
tions and a four-room building on the
outer site. It is said this plan would
solve the difficulty and relieve the con
gestion In the Fairmount School. '-. .
One of the selected locations is at the
corner of • Fulton^ and Joost avenues,,ex
tending to Liberty street, giving a pront
age on three streets. The lot Is irregu
lary shaped, but is about 200 by 175 feet
in size. The price asked is $7000. A cor
ner space of two lots can be had for an
additional price of $1500. Another site is
in the immediate vicinity of ' the old
power house of the San . Francisco . and
San Mateo Railway Company on Sunny
side avenue. ¦ Residents of the district
claim that either of the latter two sites
would be acceptable, the price in; each
instance being approximately the same.
Some time ago the Castro Street and
Glen Park Improvement Club appointed
a committee to wait upon the Board of
Education, asking that body to give con
sideration to other sites more centrally
located. "While these . sites are more
costly and approximately the same in
area, the members of the club claim, that
either of them, is more accessible to the
children of the district than the one se
lected by the Board of Education.
Some time ago. a site at the corner of
Flood avenue and Edna street, consisting
of fourteen lots, was put on • the market
at a price that would amount to $3200.
Subsequently this. was offered to the c!ty
for- $5200. an increase of $2000 over the
price: demanded from private purchasers.
The property is situated on. the hill to
the north of the House of Correction and
at the extreme end of the district. It is
the site favored by the Board of Educa
tion.
Residents of the Sunnyslde district arc
very much concerned over the location,
of a new schoolhouse in that section of
the city embraced between Brewster
street on the east and the House of Cor
rection on the west. At the request of a
number of the ' residents ' In " the district
Secretary L. M. King of the Merchants'
Association visited the various sites un
der consideration yesterday afternoon and
will make a report to the directors of the
association at a meeting to be held dur
ing: the week.
Buskin College Founder
to Engage in New
> Enterprise.
Sunny side Residents Ob
ject to the Site Now
VROOMAN PLANS
MODEL VILLAGE
WANT A SCHOOL
IN THEIR MIDST
. Supreme Johnson ; reached
Los TAngeles 'on ; the * 18th 'inst./ : and that
night J attend edf a v meeting 'of ; the two
lodges i of ithat ; city," in joint » session,' and
delivered an address.". On Saturday. he was
the guest : of ' honor at a banquet ¦. tendered
him, ) on -Sunday ¦ he -. was ] taken ' around on
California' Lodge of the.United , Moderns
on '• the - 1 14th"; inst.] Initiated f one a stranger
intothe mysteries ! of jthe order." : -V;;;v ,:
United moderns.
: The dedication , of the new. hall for - the
Foresters of Amer/ca in , Watsonville last
week was' a memorable event in < the ; his
tory of the^brder." in ' this : State.'.; It was a
celebration that ' lasted two days and j was
attended by fa large! number i of members
of, the order who came up in special trains
'from ,' Santa^. Cruz, ; Salinas, . ( Castroville,
Monterey and Soledad..' The hall, was .ded
icated . with t. appropriate ' :¦ ceremonies by
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan. The oration
was by: Past --Grande Chief Ranger Hugo
K. Asher. : The ¦; following evening, there
was /the: initiation of .candidates, after
which there was* a banquet. In addition
to. the 'grand'; oflftcers named there were
present Grand : Secretary John* J. Cordy
and Jacob Label, editor of the American
Forester ¦ Review. ' ' • ¦ ;
- Court ' Eclipse will • have an I anniversary
banquet on: the [ night; of the 26th; Inst.
•'Last "week there was a district meeting
at Llvermore/. at which ' there 's were ; pres
ent members ; of ; Court Alisal ' of \ Pleasan-'
ton, CoUrt Marsh., of ¦ Brentwood,- Court
Mount Diablo of Danville and Court Nlles
of ; Niles: - The . meeting '.was . addressed by
the ; grand ; chief ' ranger, ', grand t sub-chief
ranger, ; Grand Secretary . Cordy, ; L. • Gold
water '¦¦ and - Frank L. Holden - of Court
United \ States of America. Then" followed
¦*, banquet. ; ''¦"'!¦¦ ''¦'• <?'^ -¦¦"¦„¦: >^'\V. ¦,-' .-' ¦•: :v -- : '.-,-'
sfcourt 1 Inter Nosiwlll ; glve;an entertain
ment in Union-square Hall on.the 23d inst.'
Foresters of America.
Good Templars.
The Good Templars . of this city ara
making extensive preparations for the
production on the night of the 26th Inst.
of "To Old Time District Skule" for thei
benefit of District Lodge No. 5 at Univer
sal Brotherhood Hall, 210 O'Farrell street.
The local lodges expect that on that even
ing there will be . a large attendance from,
the lodges on the other side of the bay.
Supreme Secretary Colonel B. F. Park
er of Milwaukee, accompanied by others
who are prominent in Good Templary,
will visit this city about the 1st of May
and will be fittingly received and enter
tained. ¦ % .
A new lodge will soon be insl tu ted at
West Oakland with a large membership.
That will increase the number of lodges
in District No. 5 to ten.
Degree of the Amaranth.
On the evening of the 11th inst.- Cres
cent Court of the Exalted Degree of the
Amaranth, after a short business meeting
had a social evening for- the entertain
ment of its members and visitors in the
upper banquet hall of the Golden Gate
Asylum. The attendance of members was
large and there was a goodly number of
the friends of the members. > For the
pleasure of the audience there was a pro
gramme that had been arranged by Mrs. 1
Jennie A. > Graves, •!•. N. Nelson, John
.KImball and Captain Stinson. There wa3
a piano solo by Miss Ethel Sommer:. This
was a rendition of -"Old Black Joe" with
variations in a manner that captivated
the audience, which manifested its appre
ciation in a more than a generous round
of applause. Miss Irene Brower favored
with a recitation; F. Granls sang a bary
tone solo and then there was a mum
social. > The quiet of this game was fol
lowed by orchestral music and dancing
until midnight. This court has expressed
a determination to make a mark In the
line of social functions and the one fol
lowing the last held meeting shows that
it has started in i the right : direction, for
the affair was a most enjoyable one. Dur-
Alcalde Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden "West, under the name of "The-
Alcaldes," had their annual excursion to
and reunion at Fernbrook Park last Sun
day. The attendance was large and the
committee which had promised the most
successful affair of the kind «ver given
by this organization in the language of
the commercial world "delivered the
goods." The following named composed
the committee of arrangements: A.
Rahwyker. M. . J. O'Donnell. L. A. Gia
cobbi J. McCarron. George Alferitz, I*.
J. Hurley, L* E. Derre, R. H. Andrews,
J. Hetty (floor manager), IX J. Foley and
J. AV. Desmond (assistants), Emeiio Las
treto. A: R. Phillips, George Barber, Val
Kehrlein, Otto Klumpp. H. J. Perrazzt,
William Toungman and W. A. Hopkins,
floor committeemen.
The Native Sons.
-A report from the-.supreme secretary
shows a 1 , net. gain of 7000 members in the
order during the .past three months;, i.
I The, grand regent has issued a circular
calling on all councils to rittingly cele
brate the ', twenty-fifth anniversary of the
order.': The grand regent will shortly visit
Santa/; Cruz , and Santa Rosa to lay •'. the
foundation'. in each: for»a new ; council." ., -I
Ort the 15th: inst. Grand Regent Gunzen
dorfer, in company of Past Regents G...W.
Dixon. and Thomas Banks, Regent A. C.
Greenfield i.-of-'" Buena Vista Council, at
tended a preliminary meeting at the resi
dence of Dr. Frank R. Woolsey. Berkeley,
for the purpose of. putting ; in- condition
to institute a council in I that place '¦¦ that
has ..been organized vby a Deputy. Grand
Regent R..L. LeiLand. It will be insti
tutednext month. ; ' .
Buena. Vista Council Initiated : two
strangers at its last- heldv meeting and
received three applications. V It now has
eleven applications pending action.- .
Golden -AVest Co'uncil, or which H.: G.
W: Dinkelspiel is regent, is forging ahead
and is preparing for a grand initiation at
an early day. ¦ .. ' ,,,¦-' ¦ ' ;.">
During.! the last held, session of Argo
naut Council, Royal Arcanum, it was paid
an official visit by Grand Regent G. Gun
fcendorfer, | who , was [ received - with _the
honors of the order. Four strangers were
admitted into: membership- and' after the
work the '.visiting official responded to the
address, of welcome given by Regent "WV
J. Kenyon. > He urged the members to
work-.for the good of the order.. also to
unite in; having the silver. jubilee year of
the - order the grandest in its history. In
this jurisdiction. - He reported accessions
to councils all along the line except : in
two ' subordinates. 1 Vhe following, named
were appointed a committee to arrange
for^the celebration of the twenty-nrst an
niversary of the institution of the coun
cil:- -'F..H. Lamb, the first regent of the
council; Colonel J.- J. Tobln, George AV.
Dixon, secretary of the council; M. S.'de
Roco, Thomas Longworth, Ernest Duden
and. J.. B. .Whitney. ¦'. The ;, regent, was in
structed a to- appoint a committee -of ten
"ardent Arcanlans" to make a systematic,
earnest effort to Increase tile membership
of the council and win the prize banner.
Royal Arcanum.
an observation tour and on Monday was
tendered a public reception, after which
there was a grand ball. He will arrive
in this city on the morning -of the' 23th
and in the evening: will visit San Fran
cisco and California lodges in Joint ses
sion,, in Shlels building/ where he will
adress the members, after witnessing the
work of the order. After that therewill
be a banquet tendered him in the Spreck
els Cafe. On the following night he will
address an open meeting in Occidental
Hall, at 305 O'Farrell street, after which
there will be a literary and musical en
tertainment and a dance.
Ins intermission the members and guests
were treated to a collation".
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO C&IiL, SUNDAY, APRIL* 20/ 1902.
SOCIETY EVENTS
33
: NEWMAN & LEVINSON. '
'...; ;•¦ • ¦'¦ • I - : - : •¦•¦•¦ -¦¦¦¦ ¦••¦- •¦¦« '¦•¦¦¦•. | v ¦ -•¦- n
~" TheV Greatest Offering of j .
Ladies 9 New Summer Shirt Waists
v.; ,.¦,-;---,.¦ ,-.•¦-•. ;. -, ;• - ¦ -^ /¦-... ¦:¦: .,-; ,.¦¦¦¦..... /• : > . r ,- '¦-.-.....¦
Never before have such -Wlacs. -been presented to; our, customers— Handsome, New Summer
Shirt -Waists in endless variety and hundreds;cf styles, from . tHe: plain staple waist to the '."most
fancy creation: imaginable— We are now showing : , ;. ' . : .; . . . _
WHITE LAWN WAISTS . FANCY 'MADRAS -WAISTS
iPLAIN LINEN CANVAS WAISTS . FANCY COLORED BATISTE WAISTS
FANCY, POLKA DOT AND FIGURED WAISTS, ETC. •<
Many hemstitched and, lace trimmed effects, and an almost endless collection of r fme dusterrtuckings
and insertion combinations— We quote six styles— each one of them _aj genuine bargain. '
MADRAS SHIRT WAISTS, fine V MERCERIZED ZEPHYR SHIRT;'
quality .in the very latest of fancy rfi nr .WAISTS, . in blue and oxford; hem- *\ *yjr
colored stripes ' ' PlTAD stitched and tucked, buttoned' back..... #*!. IO
CHAMBRAY^HIRT'wAVsTSysolid TWHITE' LAWN SHIRT WAISTS, ]
colors, with pretty stitched tucks in | ocr with cluster tucks, and valenciennes rfj qa
front and tucked back .................'..:... Pi.OO lace insertion, button back *M. /U
SCOTCH ZEPHYR SHIRTS WAISTS, PIQUE SHIRT WAISTS, in white
fine material, in exquisite colored stripes #1- CA w^ h black polka 1 dots, fancy stock and <O f|A
and dots......:.............'.!...:....... r-.l'.3v.. pointed cuffs...../....'.................. .jP^yy-
lHlll Big Wash Goods Values J|||?|
. :- We announce a Summer Wash Goods offering of great magnitude— Thousands of yards on
sale— Dainty, pretty, serviceable Wash Fabrics, all new and r choice goods— The finest foreign and
domestic mills have sent us their best products— Ah opportunity of which our customers, should
promptly avail themselves \
Fancy figured LAWNS, large assortment |Oi^ IMPORTED IRISH DIMITIES, .in an Oet^
of entirely new effects; 'fast colors, at... l£tC exclusive line of high-class designs, at... fc-CJO
'Fancy striped and figured DIMITIES in a je^ IMPORTED SCOTCy ZEPHYRS, in the qc
grand lineof new designs and colorings,at IOC daintiest of corded effects, at Zt/y
Mercerized Swiss, in embroidered Plain Colored Pique, an. exquisite
stripes; a particularly fine variety of ftA^ fabric, in pink, blue, black, navy and
neat patterns, at;.,. .V....... ¦>....... .......... <^yC red, at. :.........../. 'WUt
$2.oo Chatelaines at $1.10 each
H Commencing Monday, we offer a new shipment of Leather Chatelaine side Bags — We closed
out a whole, line from a leading manufacturer at far below their actual value — (J**g -£A
They are full size, genuine Black Seal Leather, with outside handkerchief pocket, fine Nv 1 l|l
chamois lined and inside pocket, covered frame— worth $2.09 each at least— now. t|/l«lv
Sale of Hemstitched Scarfs and Squares
Handsome white Mull hemstitched bureau Choice white Mull hemstitched Squares, size-
Scarfs, size 17X 50, with six rows of lace -^cT " 3OX 30, with 3 rows of lace insertion, ajt _
insertion— Special at; each .......,......:... T"JC price while they last, each t\JL
Ladies' Lace Hosiery Special
We made another large purchase of Ladies* Black Lace Openwork Lisle Thread Hose^ —
We offer them to-morrow— Positively the best offering of stylish hosiery ever shown at /*£¦
the price— not an'old pattern among them— all in new and beautiful designs— Our special 7^^
sale price, per pair hit/v
New Stylish Belts
¦• . _ This is going to be a great belt season and •we.have provided -accordingly— We- are showing a
great variety of new Stylish belts, prices range from 50c to $ 1 5.00 each.
{Beaded Elastic Belts, 75c, 85c and $1:25. Tucked Satin Girdle Belts, at 65c.
Stylish/Elastic Belts with decorated gilt or Novelty, Moire and Satin Belts with handsome
'oxidized buckles and- back pieces to match; buckles and back pieces to match, £1.50, $2.50
il>75, W-25 and upto J4.50. ./ up to $10-00.
I Kearny and Suiter SfeT]
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed -by
DR. and MRS. A. W. • TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor.: Taylor, rooms'
28-29, •. with the electric . needle without pain or
scar: permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.' m.>
Brahman 'Tql let Cream
CURES ECZEMA, POISON. OAK AND .DAN-'
T>RIJFF. .-; Sold by '• 3. • S. ; Potts • Drug Co.;, 1010
. Market street. ' nnd other druggists ; > also f at ' of-
fice of Dr." AP'W.- Traverse,; 1170 Market '6treet.' :
__ " ' ¦ ¦ ' "¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ •, ¦ -
. DRY GOODS COMPANY.
LATESf-ARmVALS!
SOFT WEAVE SILKS
We have made a carelul selection ol Printed Silks upon which we have
placed Che most attractive figures.
PANNE SATIN AND LIBERTY FINISH-ln exquisite and exclusive
designs and modish dainty colorings. ¦ ,
PEAU DE SOIE FINISH— In elegant, and many of them confined '
patterns.- In the present season's tints and shades-
NOTABLE NUMBERS.
SATIN FINISH PRINTED COLORED TAFFETA LINING
FOULARDS— Limited to 4-O SILKS-Includlngr black. Inan
pieces of the newest Ideas In assortment absolutely corn-
colors and weaves that show plete In colorings and wlth-
care and skill In construction out comparison In quality,
and carefully ordered to sell Ordered especially to sell at
' for an attractive price. this most modest price.
SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS A YARD.
WHITE AND ECRU ALL SILK PONGEES-24 and 32 Inches wide
In three distinct grades, are waist and dress material much
sought after this season. Prices 75c, Sl.OO and $1.25 a yard.
H EAVY WASH -SILKS— Showing 2OO pieces of smart Ideas In lus-
trous favorite styles (Including black and white), for the house,
street and country, are now on sale. v
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary *nd Stoskton Streets, Union Sqnare.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|IIillllllllUHIIIII|||!
S AVe^arethe Sole Agents of the celebrated Black Wbrumbo
g '.-. Cloth $50.06 Tailor-Made Suits— to introduce ourselves
a , we have priced them at $30.00
O > $20.00 AH- Wool Venetian Suits in four stylish colors,
¦ -now $13.50.
HA;6o-inch Moire. Coats, $20.00 quality, at $12.50, made with
B • detachable capes, Kimon o" sleeves and deep flounce.
I ;' New style Silk vEtons- in Taffeta, Moire and Peau de Soie,
g some elaborately trimmed, at $5.00, $7.50, $9.00,
I $iaoo, $T2.po; :^. s"
g ;jNe wand /exclusive noyelties^m Gibson Effect Tailor Suits in
a (Military Blues, Pearl and Oxford Grays, Tans, Browns,
g Blacks; $25.00 to $75.00;
BBBBBBBBBBaBaBBBBIBBaBBBBiaaBllBOaaBSSBSiaiaBllDa!
I S^!^ |AppIic2rfionJ
'¦''¦7jtf.y^creates perfect complexions ||
' $¥ and prompts the skin to per- |§
¦ B ¦ orm ' t$ ; highest ; functions; * It if
¦H^!_impartsi'that; ; fresh;::healthful j|
jH>: glow, that jboften r disappears ¦
aa-r'with'youthj* removes ' ' |
I TAN, SUNBURN,- PIMPLES, lg|
I BLOTCHES, MUDDINESS, MOTH - m
Jj >^ND LIVER: PATCMES H
#A ' Sold ; bydruegrtBt3> and \. »
r "'general ¦ dealers i at 50c; a' •¦* -Bf '
' V bottle, or.direct : from us, ¦ AW
prepaid. ' for^BOc "; ¦¦¦-;. ; i^Sr •
V: Trial bottle "and • • • -, -.-^Wr .¦; •- ¦',
yi directions for 10c. ; '^ s ; '.¦ '^f^^ r ''
E ¦ B. HARRINGTON &^C0;^
' . Los Angeles, CaL. ' . :' ; ¦: J JB.'
AUVEB-TISlfMENTS.; LONDON, VATJrilflfl.— A'-; : dispatch ; to a
news '. agency/ trom'y Shanghai,? under = to-£
day's i date,'- says " the ir foreign i merchants
there V are J Increasing - their - opposition - to
the tariff of the proposals of Sir James Lr
Mackay,, the; British Tariff Co mmiasidner/
.which j include -the * abolition I of 'the 5 liken
and the Increase of the Import duties/. The
American -y and' 1 British : '* Commissioners
fully discussed .the subject. Subsequently
the .-American >, Commissioner I announced
, that his : decision; was ; against \ Sir 'James',
proposals.^ The -Japanese. Commissioner
also condemns them. 1 '.: *
Against Tariff Prdposalg.
WANTS WEBSTEB, . AT .'> .
ZIMMERMAISTN'S TRIAL
Board of Education Takes Exception
'¦'..', to Superintendent's Absence and
Postpones Hearing.
. The Board of Education^nl^t yesterday
morning to hear \ arguments from op
posing : attorneys on' the , evidence pro
duced at . the trial of William - Zimmer
mann, a teacher of German in the Poly
technic High School, who is charged with
lack of discipline by Principal W. N.
Bush. -¦ '! r --\ ..¦"¦. :•.¦.-, .--• ¦."
Director Woodward called attention to
the fact that Superintendent Websterwas
not in attendance and had not attended
the trial of the accused teacher. ¦ Wood
ward : said that I the ¦ date ¦ for ' hearing the
charges had been set at Webster's re
quest, and he thought the Superintendent
should be present. ~ : Roncovlerl . held the
same views, and on his motion the hear
ing of the argument was postponed until
next Tuesday, when Webster will be cited
to appear. % ; *
The day's programme commenced in tha
park, where a public meeting was held.
George W. Jones acted as chairman and
Mayor Stephens welcomed the visitors.
W H. . L. . Goldert of San Francisco spoke
at some length on the. work. of the. order.
State Organizer Temple was the orator ot
the day and 1 made an extended speech,
which was : welLyreceived. There was a
programme of sports. ,
.This evening a procession of "choppers'*
marched through the streets. There were
more , than 2000 men in line. They broke
ranks at.the opera-house, where 600 can
didates I were initiated Into the mysteries
of -woodcraft. ,. .
Two other halls were utilized during the
evening,- one for a banquet room and the
o'ther for dancing. '„ ;. ' r : ?'f,'
FRESNO; April' 19.— Woodmen; of 1 the
World Invaded .- Fresno by thousands to
day, and' they have been in* undisputed
pcssesslon of the'-'city. iThe first of the
visitors to ".' arrive A were the .members of
the Frenfbnt degree team of Los Angeles.
They ' reached .: Fresno Mast .- rriidnight.
EveryJ, ; regular ¦* train thereafter was
crowded^' by "choppers,",, and (Several
specials brought large, numbers:. They
came from every town and hamlet in the
San Joaquin .Valley. .; All of < the ' early ar
rivals were met' by. a reception committee
from the •"local' camp, .which • welcomect
them to the raisin center. ».. .
Special ; Dispatch to The Call.
"We look to you ; mef of '¦¦ Columbia ¦ to
do much for your, country. To you much
has . been ! given \ and • much Is ' expected of
you. ; Little is expected of those who have
not had your advantages, but" double; re-
Eponsibillty rests ,- on ) you. -We " have ,: a
r 1 ght '• to "- expect : * of • you service ; in y : many'
lines; In the ¦ line of philanthropy, - of:de
cent- public effort.'.'- '•;¦¦'
NEW YORK, April 20.— President Roose
velt left Jersey . City t forJ.Washlngton ;at
32:15 o'clock ¦' this % morning '• in ;• his , special
car.' I He : -was . : accompanied <¦ by.;. Secretary.
Cortelyou \ and \ William • Barclay Parsons.
Mrs. , Roosevelt will remain here for. a day
or;two. -"'- ¦ - .' r --.' •' ¦¦¦ - - •¦ -'-'-'-.'.•¦ ; ' ''¦'¦' ¦
The President said that "while one of us
might : be I fitted for | scholastic honors | the
nine-tenths of . a s hundred* would , be . fitted
to do good service for the country and the
people.'' r% i ' . " ¦ :r . - ,
. The President spoke of - the : men who
had served in the ClvlhWar and said the
tendency^to; run away had always im
paired a man's usefulness. •--! 'In civic bet
terment," he said," "the man who counts
Is the'man who makes himself a. force for
decency,; cleanliness and righteousness.
The man .who^.counts must, have thesfe
qualities. He must be honest; he. must
have ¦•: courage. '•¦'?TffljMBBfflff E p"^jtff* te fW~ e i
President Roosevelt . was :•' ; heartily
cheered as he arose to speak. ; He said in"
part: -;¦: '.'-« ..-; . - -- - : : - - "•-. _ ¦ -' ~ : •- -, . =S
"What I am going to say to-night will
be based on the admirable address of my
old and valued friend • this afternoon—
your new. president. - The all-Important
doctrln9 to teach is that one piece qf first
rate work is worth a thousand, pieces of
second-class = work.'.' ,; >
In the evening -the alumni of Columbia
gave a banquet at Sherry's, in honor of
the new president of the university.
Among : those who made >. addresses '. were
President Roosevelt and Mayor Low.;
President's Two Speeches.
In response the President said:;-./.
% "I want to thank you all from the bot
tom of my, hearffor this kind and hearty
reception. I also wish to say how glad I
am' to be here " to-day ¦ to see. my old- and
valued friend made president of this great
institution. Incidentally I. wish .to. say
that the cheering and enthusiasm recalls
to me my 'football days.": 1 :
The. President then turned and amid a
perfect storm of - shouts entered his : car
riage and departed with his " escort. .; He
went to Mrs. > James V W. ¦ Roosevelt's resi
dence. ¦":-¦-;¦¦ .-,•'¦ '¦: "¦-...¦•'"'¦, .-¦^ . :
As President Butler took the oath of
office the great mass of students rose and
the hall rang with Columbia cheers.
Dean John Howard Van Amringe deliv
ered an address of welcome on behalf of
the faculty. V , v : _ : *"\ : '
R. Fulton Cutting delivered an address
on behalf of the alumnlof the university.
Allan Beach Arnold Bradley, president
of the senior class of the university, made
an . address of .welcome on behalf of the
student body. :
After a musical number had been ren
dered by the college orchestra the second
part of the long programme, made up of
congratulatory addresses by various col
lege presidents, was begun. The speakers
were Eliot. Hadley, Patton and Harper.
William T. Harris was th<t jnext speaker,^
.After a selection by the university band
President Butler . made his inaugural ad-
The ' ceremonies were closed with the
singing of the national anthem, in which
the President joined heartily, and by the
pronouncing of the benediction by Right
Rev. Bishop H.C. Potter. , ,1
At the conclusion of the ceremonies the
university : students "' formed In a - great
square at the head of the steps leading
from the ¦ gymnasium and gave their;col
lege cheer, -ending- with the «ry, "Roose
velt/ Roosevelt. 1 ' .-; : »._' V
Takes Oath of Office.
v Prominent among those on. the stage
were: President . Roosevelt, Dr. _v(m
HoUeben,' the German Bmbassador; Lord
Kelvin, Governor Odell, Bishop P°«fr.
Rev. Morgan Dix, President Charlea
Kliot of Harvard, President Francis* 1-.
Patton of Princeton, President William
R. Harper of Chicago, President Arthur
8. Hadley of Yale, Mgr. Conaty of the
Catholic lJniversi*y of America, President
J. C. Schurman of Cornell, Rev. Dr. Mar
vin R. Vincent of the Union Theological
Beminary, Chancellor McCracken of the
New York University, Colonel Albert T.
Mills, superintendent of the West Point
Military Academy; President Alexander
Si Webb of the College of the City of
New York; President Charles F. Thwing
of the Western Reserve University; Presi
dent Mary F. Wooley Of Mount Holyoke
College, Bishop : Henry Y. Satterlee - of
Washington, D.C.; Major General
Brooke, U. S. A.; Governor General Taft
of the Philippines, Sir Percy Sanderson,
the British Consul General; Rear Admiral
Barker, Archbishop Corrlgan, Postmaster
General Henry C. Payne and ex-Secrotary
Richard B. Olney. . - .
The procession to the gymnasium was
most impressive. The - college colors of
the great universities of the country, the
solemn black gown9 offset by the crimson
of Harvard; the yellow and black- of
Princeton, the dark blue of ¦ Yale, • th<_ red
of Cornell, the blue and black of Penn
pylvanla, blended with the colors of Ox
ford and Cambridge of Kngland, and the
brilliant uniforms of military and I diplo
matic officers . formed ' a magnificent spec
tacle. ¦¦ • '" -...-..•¦. ', , ..;¦¦¦¦
. Bringing up in the rear of this great
procession of learning and the most con
spicuous figure of all was the President
of the United. States. Cheer after cheer
went up from"' the throats of thousands of
students as the I President walked along
the line of; march. Within easy reach of
President Roosevelt and never leaving his
side until. he passed within the walls of
Alumni Hall were four secret service men.
- • The formal programme for the installa
tion was opened by prayer by Dr. Vincent.
William C. Sphermerhorn, on • behalf of
the board of -trustees, formally delivered
the colors of the university to the new
president. ' _ ;
Prominent People Present.
NEW YORK, April 19.— Professor, Nicho
las Murray Butler was installed as presi
dent of: Columbfa- University with Impos
ing/ceremonies to-day. .These ceremonies
.were attended ¦'.by the President of , the
• United States and the heads of the prin
cipal institutions of learning: in the coun
try. •-¦;•¦.: ¦:-¦:¦: ' ¦; ;. Q -¦¦;"¦ .¦ ¦' '¦ vS: t
President Roosevelt arrived in this city
from Washington :atv 6:30 p.. m.. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Roosevelt, Secretary
and Mrs. Cortelyou, ; Surgeon ; General
Rixey 'and Dr, John S. Urie. - The ; Presi
dent-went at. once to the' 'residence , of
his aunt, Mrs. J ames W. Kooseveit, where
he met Ur. . Butler at breaKtast. : A tew
minutes after noon the President left the
house, accompanied: by former Mayor
Abram Hewitt, and escorted by t>quaaron
A'and-a body ot mounted police, was
driven to the university, arriving there at
1 o'clock. As Roosevelt ascended the
broad steps of the library he was greeted
with loua cheers from a great concourse
of which he acknowledged . by
bowing repeatedly. . ,
Governor Odell and Mayor Low, former
president of the University,: arrived a tew
minutes later and followed President
Roosevelt into the. library, where lunch
con was served; \ . J ,
The installation proceedings proper took
place In the gymnasium, to which xhe stu
dents of the university, the members ol
the faculty, the representatives of the na
tional, State and city ; governments, the
clergy, the alumni, the representatives, of
the universities and colleges, the emeritus
officers and trustees marched in imposing
procession.
Added to the . Order's
Membership.
Six Hundred Novitiates Are
President^ Roosevelt Attends
and Makes Two Short
1 Addref s 3s.
Thousands Attend the
"I_iog-Rolling" ;in the ;
i Raisin City. . r
Imposing Geremonies in
Gonnection With the
Inaugural.
WOODMEN CROWD
FRESNO STREETS
BUTLER BECOMES
COLUMBIA'S HEAD
TAKES A BRIDE
AT EIGHTY YEARS
Though a Great-Grand
father Solon Evans
Marries.
Children of Three Generations
Refuse to Go to the
.Wedding.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 19.
Eighty years of age and a great-grand
father—that ig Solon Evans* condition in
life, but it did nothing to prevent him
taking unto himself a wife to fill the
place of one who shared the honors of
great-grandparentage with him -nUJ
death overtook her a year ago. Age and
the opposition of. children had no terrors
for Evans, and to-night he married Mrs.
Rebecca Childs, who is not very far be
hind him in jears." • V.'
Evans presented himself at the County
Thomas Burke, a bookbinder, residing
at 630 Howard street, was brought to' the
Receiving Hospital at 1 o'clock this morn
ing with a deep cut , across /.- his; cheek.
Burke quarreled with a colored man in a
saloon" at 136 Third street and the latter
waylaid him as he left the place, inflict
ing the wound with a razor. Burke's in-
Jury is not considered serious.
Colored Man V ses a Razor.
home in East Oakland. When he inform
ed her that he was going to marry again
that brought about an estrangement, ana
Mrs.' Estes thought.it best to move av(ay.
Mrs. Estes' three daughters live in Oak
land, and they have taken sides , with
their mother, so that ; is the reason . why
Mr. Evans did not number Mrs." Ralph
McChesney, Mrs. Spencer and Mrs. Darce
among his guests to-night. Each of these
granddaughters has children of her_own,
but they were also absent from the nup
tials, .
The Larkin-street Improvement Club
has petitioned the Supervisors to provide
for the repaving of Larkin street with
bitumen. The petition. is signed by more
than 200 residents and property -owners on
the street. ;.
"Wants Larkin Street jfeepaved.
. The ' Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany filed an intervention yesterday in
the United States District Court in: the
suit of John F. Colscrup and. H. A. Rich
ardson vs. the steamship Columbia and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany to recover $4500 insurance paid on
the loss of the schooner Eppinger. .
Suit for Marine Insurance.
Clerk's office at closing time th!s after
noon and asked for ; a marriage license.
He told, the Clerk his agg was 50, though
he now confesses to SO. He said . the
bride's age was 40, and that she was di
vorced ten years ago./
Until a day or so ago Evans* daughter,
Mrs. Estes. kept house for him at the
The wedding was solemnized this even
ing at the groom's home, 458 East Sev
enteenth street. It was what is called a
"quiet" ¦ wedding, and it was all the
quieter because c-t the. absence of rela
tives.- These had not come because they
had objections to their father and grand
father and great-grandfather marrying
again. There were no bridesmaids or
flower girls or best man— only an oldish
couple standing in a well-lighted parlor,
where the preacher said the words that
bind. The preacher was the Rev. ; M. A.
Slaughter, pastor of the. Twenty-third
Avenue Baptist Church.
. Mr. Evans was asked about it after
ward. He said he was very happy, but he
betrayed anxiety when he urged that the
news be kept out of the papers for three
or four days. He wanted things kept
quiet, he said, because his wife's property
in the East was involved.
' "I thought I'd try it again," he , con
tinued, "because I wanted a home of my
own. You see, I was kind of lonely. This
Is my own house here, and I guess we'll
live very happily together. But please
don't say anything about It In the paper,
will you?"
"It must be good to be, married in the
presenca of your, great-grandchildren?"
was asked. _. . -' . • •
"No," he said, "that Isn't so. They're
not here. I guess they didn't like it."
The bride would not say whether she
was happy or not. She looked , compla
cent, however, in the regulation bridal
garment of lilac silk. •
ItHE SA_v FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
34
Bartfett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make xour, vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After**, short or
long stay at the. popular Springs you will
wonder how It was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride,! drive, hunt, fish,' bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain patha,
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
way*. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send , for booklet.
Call or Address .
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
: General Office. Bartlett Springs,
* 2 Butter St.. S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
O?. "' ' '.''.'.'' .-O
SANTA CATALINJlISLAND,
3)4 Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Sand, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed I Boats and Aquarium; , Boating.
Bathlni; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Colkst Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels -and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf , Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Da-cine, etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, L03 An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist rnformation
Bureau, 10 Montgomery street, 8an Fran-
cisco, Cal. '
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR 6JPRING8,
Eulphur Creek. Coluea Co., Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
etrongest water on the coast; temperature 14S
d«g. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
ekln diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney cam- .
plaints. I paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. / Natural mud baths. New 2-atwy
hotel; fine new bathhous/ Board and lodgipg-,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OE—GEAKT,
Proprietor. . • • ¦ f - ;
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.'' •?
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove" ;|
new management; all refitted. Quietude; com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal. -
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. B01IME. Prop. _ ;
riMDTAVTnD HOTEL, camp '>. cottages
VAJHi 1AI-UA and grounds, . private ; pic-
nics, alley, tennis, . boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. If. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
VICHY SPBINGS— 3 miles from Ukiah.
T Metidocino Co. Natural ; electric . waters,
champagne baths. Only place in . the ' world of
thia class of. waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from, springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props. :
MONO THE PINES.— ALTITUDE, 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. ¦¦ Plenty of- cream,
fruit, etc. -Home cooking.. Telephone. , Rates
$ft and $7 per week. ¦ For particulars address
Robt. : F. Warham/ Applegate, . Placer Co<, Cal.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages ;^75 rms.;
Banta Cruz, Cal. Near Beach. . Rates : to
families. Information • at - 10 Montgomery ¦-. st. .
Free bus. Long dlst. Dhonei Fred Barson, Prop.
THE OAKS, a i favorite . summer ; resort j on
Boncifonte drive, B mHes from Santa Cruz;
dally mall, flshine, ' home cooking.- -Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
ANNADALE PABM. santa v. crCz
. MOUNTAINS,' cottages 'and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnlshea : for housekeeping. H/
J. . SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos ' Postotflce, ; Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose,. Cal.
- One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
;" - r . variety'- of water treatment; .' electricity, * mas-
sasre. X-ray. .Write for, literature. ',,. i":,' k
T. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO-^-THIS
homelike resort ¦ is " located .' In ¦ the .? Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from , Capitola. Good
table board. . hunting and fishing. Address E.
U.;WEBB, Soquel. Cal. t ' ; '
ING* S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation- 1200 feet ; . among the redwoods. .
Hunting, fishing. ' Terms, $10 a week; . family
rates. Address WM.K1NG, Cazadero. .,'-,•*.-¦•-.
RAND CENTRAL ': HOTEL, Guemevill?.
: Cal. — New management; i thoroughly • ¦<•¦ re- '
fitted ar.d improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fli«hers. Add. F. . PLATH. Ouernevllle, ¦ Cal.
STAGE LINES AND LrVERIES. i;
LA HONDA* and PESCADERO— Through : th ?
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward' s, -Wurr's,',
Bellvale, Pigeon Ft. - and Santa, Cruz." Buy 'R.'
R.- tickets .to ¦ Redwood City, : B , a.< m.\train.*: 3d
and Townsend sts.; 0:20 a. -m.' from San Joss
Add. WALTER; KNIGHT. . Redwood Clty.S Cal.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and ?; • Peacadeno,
sUge line, via HaUmoon- Bay, and Sal
Gregorio, . dally all year; . twice a day to ' Hal F
moon Bay.* Lvb. San Mateo 10a.m.& 4:15 p.m."
ASHIONf STABLES.^ UKIAH TANDiWIL-
-lite — Tourists, > campers, > hunters. ' write J."
H. : Smith, Uklah. -Smith & Taylor, -Wlllits.- for
' any kind of a turnout. . . -
GILROT : Fashion ' Livery. Good '• service ; at'
. reasonable t rates. > Office . GUroy "; Springs
gUge. H. T. MAYOCKZ v . ¦_-.,¦%-¦_
LOS GATOS — Lyndon | Stables, opposite depot.*'
First-class rlss. Reasonable prlcen. ;
ANTA V CRUZ— San' -crenzo h Stable*. . Styl-
ish rigs. . Reasonable prices. . ', '
| taiies' Tailor Made Suits and Silk |
I Garments for the MASSES at f
| PRICES that surprise and please. , |
I GOLDEN GATE |
•• ' ¦- . , ¦ ¦ ~- . ¦ - . ' . ' -¦ ' ' ¦' %
0 NEW TASTEFUL TOURIST SUITS, in pretty shades of tan, gray J
g and brown, jackets with silk reveres, skirt graceful and perfect q
2 hanging, correct tailoring; an excellent $20.00 suit — •
I Our Price $15.00. 8
g NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, high-class tailoring, richly: trimmed. §
2 ; silk-lined or silk drop skirt, superior quality black and navy-blue q
§ Venetian or broadcloth; value $35.00 — n ©
I Our Price $25.00. S
© BLACK TAFFETA SILK TAILOR SUITS, silk-lined throughout, J
® ; perfect models of artistic tailoring; full value $45.00. - 0
§ Our Price $32.50. |
I - antique; moire garments. |
1 ETONS, Ya JACKETS and 56-inch COATS at POPULAR PRICES— O
% $8.50, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. |
• "NOVELTY SILK AND PEAU DE SOIE COATS— S
| $9.00, $10.00, $15.00, $20.00 and $30.00. •
1 NEWESt SPRING JACKETS. §
© Short, jaunty effect, with double capes, kimono sleeves, heavy satin lined ©
5 throughout,- made in shades of tan, kersey and black cheviot — •
% -Special $10.00. ©
• ioo Extra Quality black VENETIAN AND CHEVIOT SKIRTS, well O
• -..lined and strictly tailor-made; full vajue- $6.50— ©
I Our Price $5.00. •
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.. |
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act
They toil, and labor, and struggle,
AND NTVEB, for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing in this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground, quickly and
cheaply reached. ¦
IF YOU WLLXi NOT occasionally give
up the daily grind. ¦- C
DO NOT make your wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,
AT LEAST give them a chance for a
little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday,
AND F0EGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and In your cose, and eyes, and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for
'^VACATION, 1902."
A little book issued by the CALIF0B--
1TCA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
long list of Country Homes where board
for the Summer can be secured at from
$6.00 to $8.00 per week.
Ticket offices. 650 Market St (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
Ean Francisco.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. "WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
O If ti /If* f\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
SK MllfiS COUNTY; only 4% hours
Ufl/IUl/W from San Francisco and
but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal -virtues; beet nat-
ural hot mineral water bath In State; boating
and swimming in Warm Springe Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily 'mail,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
Ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE ; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
• a day or $12 a week. References, any gu>et
of the past seven years. Patronage . of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg. Also at Traveler of-
tlce. 20 Montgomery et., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Sk-ggi, Cak
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
ccrofort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7:30
a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Information of DR HEN-
ELEE. 807 Butter Bt. Phone Butter 2371, Tour-
ist Information Bureau, JO Montgomery «t.. or
X. V. MORSE. Lytton, CaL
THE CEYSERS
(Sonoma County.) New management; reemi
plaetpred and hard finished; new furniture;
few, private bathhouse; nun tine, fishing >eai
round; white help only; best lirery; conking
eptcially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
WHITE COTTACES.
Howell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet: all
pure and dry; delichtful family resort: dailj
mall; croquet; bowling; social ball; $8 pei
week. Write MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Ang-
win. Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus
•lair' River Valley. Excellent bunting, flshint
and boatinjr; fine acenery; pure spring water
newly renovated; new furnitnr*. R. C. CAL
HOLS, ProDrietor. Duncans MiHc. CaL
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,.
Ban Mateo, Cal.. is now under new manage
ment. Everything first class. Cuisine unsur
passed. Clubhousp, bowling alleys, billiards
pool, shufflpboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath
ing. etc. Rates on application. WKENX t
SPAULDING. Proprietor*.
MOTEL, D E FtED WOOD,
SANTA CRUZ MTE. Among the graad ol<
trees; board $8 end $10 a week; fare, retun
ticket, $2 CO. Send for circular to M. S. COX
Laurel, Santa Cruz County.
THE PUBISSIMA HOUSE.
N<b the ocean. Fishing in only : mounts!
r trout stream In San Mateo Co. Long/llstanc
phone. $2 per day, $8 week. C P. MOSCON1
Prop.. Purlsslma, San Mateo Co., Cat.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
. Unfler sew man aretnent. Now open " to
fcaflnrm. Rates, IS to f 15 per week.' -
¦K M^_-__;, ... .« i _¦,¦»¦- ¦!¦_»¦ .M _____i ii__T _i_____i___ii Mti'llW
IliLID SPBi&S
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest -waters for the cure of
LIVER« KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE. SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowline Al-
ley, Riding and Driving: Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley. ;
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One Derson Sn room, "sma.ll hotel". $10 per week
Two persons In room, "email hotel". $1S per week
One oernon in room, "cottages".. .511 per week
Two persons Jn room, "cottaces". .$20 per week
One Derson in room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
............:...;. $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"...
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists* Information
Bureau, 10 Monte-ornery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St.. 'or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake
Co., Cal. ¦- • ;
PASO ROBLES 1
• *-s%i-h Nature's own selec-
PilW t!on for a hcalth ancl
X V/JL\ pleasure resort . bc-
____ . _ ___ _ cause of the curative
Hp A I TH properties of its mud
J_l.l__-il_ All and sulphur baths for
rheumatism, Insom-
A Vf T\ nia, gout, neuralgia.
_A.I>I_J llver.kidney and blood
_ ~m .«— . diseases. HaB every
TVT T^ _ CT'TTTV'C natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
CM. 'ARNOLD, 640 MarKc!, S. F^ Agl.
All n Ml? Water. Climate.
nil OilV Scenery and Table
E* 1 nllf unsurpassed. Trained
U'^^Vl ISJSS;
¦~™™™~~ l ~™~~~ > Hunting and Fish-
ing;
¦ ¦«%•«¦ ¦ Train leaves Thirl
I I Ih I and Townsend streets
Ml at 9 a. m. and 2:45
II U I . p. m. daily.
mmm^ mmmm ~or pamphlet an.
rates address ; ¦ -.- , ¦
SPRINGS -= 0H
Ul ItmUW Cilroy Springs, Cal
A DELICHTFUL SWIM
' In a large tank, 40x75, filled • with
NATUE AL W AILM W • - * 1 • .
wAtEII.' will tone the system and
electrify j-ou with beneficial, results.
7ETNA SPRINGS.
The Dining-room and Cottages are Im-
maculate and the service on a par with
large Hostelries. .
Conveniently reached by two dally trains,
via St. Jlelena. Send for Booklet. •
. EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.
CAMF* CURRY!
There are others, but not equal to .' CAMF
CURRY.; First in location of time .and place,'
first In quality of , service and attention to
guests and - personally managed by - ; Mr. and
Mrs. Curry. Ooens May 1. You can get fu'.l
particulars at Curry's office, 10 Montgomery st.
YOSHMITH.
AGUA CALIENTE.'
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No etaging; via C* N.' Ry. or 8.
P. R.-R. Immense swimming surface. Splendl.l
table. Come 'Sundays and try it. ' Round .trip
¦$l 10. Telephone; many improvements;^ $12
and $14. THEO. ¦ RICHARDS, ¦ Proprietor.
Arua Caliente, Cal.- --¦ •-.-•• ¦ ¦<¦
. KL AM ATH HOT SPR «NCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates,, $2 and $2 50 per- day; $10 to $14 per
we?k. Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st.,-
or address EDSON. BROS., Beswick," SlEklyou
County. Cal. . ¦ •-, ..'¦:¦¦:,•'. \-^--:r . •
HOTEL BON-AIR,""
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE _ V^IFE (formerly Mrs.
' Leach), Proprietors.
* " BROOKS! DE."
Mast beautiful resort house In Napa Valley:
2 miles from Cal Istoea; free carriage; 1 hot and
cold ..baths; gas. ;¦ 6. E). - references. Bend fo."
pamphlet. G. W. ? CtfTLER. Callstoga.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting. boaUng, lathing, fishing: ; new
launcb and boats, new hotel aud cottages;- new
tennis court. Send' for pamphlet - and * terms.
O. WEISMAN. Mldlake. Lake .County. Cal. .-;.
S CONCRESS; SPRINGS.
A charming /esort' in the Santa Cruz ' M ts. ;
2 bours 'from San Francisco; delightful t dt-
mate ; swimming . and all sports ; taTbie . unsur-
passed; best mineral water on' the- coast; open
all the year. A. 8. 0_NET, Manager. -
AMT7SIIMENTS. /
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! ";
MATINEE SATURDAT AT 2 SHARPl . "
HOME. OF AMERICA'S REPRES_NTATTV_
COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
Now Presenting ALICE NEILSEN'S Splendid
Success,
THE
si n u H H H I _y Em h j
Written by SMITH & HERBERT. "V
'. THIRD WEEK— MONDAY. APRIL. 33. , -
WHAT THE PRJIS3 SATS:
"Rarely has a better ensembls been pro-
duced In thia city."— Call.
"The opera. Is full of life, and tha cast Is
an excellent one." — Chronicle. «
"The production was complets ta svery de-
tail, and in many points far superior to that
of Alice Nellseh." — Poat.
, *" The Fortune Teller* met with an enthu-
siastic reception." — Examiner. * ¦
"Undoubtedly 'The Fortuna Teller*. Is in tar
a run." — Bulletin.
NEVER BEFORE 8EEN AT THESE
POPULAR PRICKS— 25c. 60c and 75c.
. Telephone Bush 9. . ¦ . '.
Belasco & Thall, ' Managers. *
MATINE_~TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time."
Broadhurst's Greatest Laughing Success.
WHY SMITH LEFT HOME.
An Avalanche of Fun. A Laugh in Every
Word. A scream in" Every Line.
PRICES.. ....15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75o
TO-MORROW EVENING.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
1 'The Two Escnicheons^ |
The Richest of High-Class Com-dlca.
Commencing . TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
EVENING, .
MR. JAMES NEILL
and the Neill Company.
WELCOME HOME.
Presenting the Highly Successful Quaint
¦ Comedy Drama. ' *
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
SEATS READY. ""¦:¦
SUNDAY EVENING. April 28, First Time ta
This City,
•THE STARBUCKS."
SEATS, THURSDAY.
|^^^ RACING
I Every Week Day—
I -^ r ¦.:'¦ V Rain or Shine.
I hEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
! OAKLAND RACETRACK.
: Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.'
I Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30/2, 2:30 ana's p. m.. connecting
, -Mill, trains stoppins at the entrance to tb*
. u acls. ¦ Last .two cars on train re_«t— ed for
Udies and their escorts; no smoking-- Buy your
: i«rry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains vu
: Oakland mole connect with San Pablo a venu*
' electric cars at ' Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via .Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway.' Oakland. \These electric cars
j go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13
1 and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after th» last
race. MIMMHMtMkMMMMl|
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
«• —dSESSS*— 1^- _ BI 2 CT is • non-polMBOtw
_^r_ffiQBl"UE_h_/i remedy for Gonorrhoea.
JeBsEr CUntS \gj Whites, nanatnr.I dia-
_§W/ia 1 to 5 daj*. W charges, or aay in£U— m &•
wnfcftl Oa— »ate«d to *" tioa, irritation or ulcerx-
a •»» or sent In plain wwppjr.
3^^a_ C B. A. jgS| hr azpreas. propald. for
iXqSB&tto-ititfdsrW t.1- 00 . « r 3 bottle*. 12.75.
.^^B-aB-Wpfr" Clxcalar seat oa wqaegt.
¦ AMUSEMENTS.
¦> Week Commencing THIS AFTER- 21
I NOON. April 20. K ;
Fashionable Vaudeville.
/DOLUE NOBLES,
'..;. Presenting "A LESSON IN : HAR- |
mony!"
Triple. Horizontal Bar Experts.
> Singing and Dancing Comedians.
insslDSiilisBERT
The Phenomenal Barytone.
England's Greatest Dancing Novelty.
BANKS AND
WINONA WINTER,
Vocalists and Conversationalists.
PETCuWBROTHER?,
Novelty Comedy . Musical Artists. , .
Presenting New and Interesting Views.
' Last Week of .
jTBE MORTONS,
Sam, Kittle and t Clara. Character
gingers and Dancers. ' I
8 Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; ?
l\ Children. 10c, any part except reserved.
S> - A few front Orchestra rows, reserved.
zi BOc; front rows of Balcony, reserved. i
UNION COURSING PARK.
JHO. 6HACB. J«dg«; JAS. I". 6SACB, Slijpw.
' »
TO-DAY^
SUNDAY;-- r '- - APRIL 20
FOUR
Notable Coursing
tw uillui ¦
OPEN, RESERVE, |
PUPPY and i
CHAMPION STAKES |
128— NOMjNMlONS— 128 !
TRAIN SERVICE. j
-'• Leaves '.Third and*- Townsend streets-.- 10:.5.">
al : m.,;ll'a. m.,M2 m.*aniJ lp.,m. '.Twenty-
fifth and ..Valencia streets . five minutes later.
Returning s at 4 :45 p. m. and after - the , last
course. San . Mateo* electric cars every sis
minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
>^__- A ¦-'.. ... V. OCTggtEy«-— «
:\, MATINEE TO- DAT, 10c. 15c, 25c.
,TO->fIQHT— -Last Time .of the Latter- Day
. • -.; .; Melodrama,- THE "
DANGERS OF A urtEAT CITY.
¦ Stirring Incidents— SIde-SpHtUng Comedy.
PDIf I<Q '¦- Evening. . . j . .10c. . 15c. 25c -85c. io?
ritlvED Matinee. . ..%;... . . . . . . .10c 16c, . 23c
TO-MORROW, (Monday)— The Powerful Drama,
r ;"A OTILD OF: FORTUNE.".
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
THISTLES AND DAIJDRTJTP.
An Interesting Parallel and a Valu-
able Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land ¦; of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff.- In each case per-
manent-relief can .only' come frdm' ¦eradi-
cating permanently the cause. . A. germ
that plows up the scalp in-searching | for
the hair robt/'where It saps the .vitality,
causes' dandruff; ': falling hair s and' bald-
ness. If you kill 'that? germ you'll have
no dandruff, but a luxuriant suit of hair.
Newbro's Herpicide is the only hair prep-
aration in the. world that cures dandruff;
falling hair and baldness by killing the
ger-m. - "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect."' " , ;,
D/| 1 •!/"»/_, Desirable location,
1 llluvw unsurpassed cuisine,
nnequale d ;ser-
51 fill vice a ~d modern
UilU conveniences are the
- r . attributes ' that have
lirirtn made thesi two ho-
UI allU; tels popular with
. _ . tourists _md . . travel-
H/_b L __»1c ¦¦ers 1 who visit San
llUlWlb Francisco.
%'. : . AMITSEl-CENTS.
r^ — ?*^~^~^T^~~"~.'' j ~rT'~ . — ""**.* r~"
f*fi I § 9 WM O I H SA« FRANGSCIT.
VVky Us S3 1 _H LEADING THEATRE •
* ~Powell st.." near Market.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW-MONDAY
VJ 1 ... ' Last 6 I Nirhts— Matinee Saturday. " ' .
f| Wjllard
Monday and .Friday Nights and Sat. Matinee,
DAVID X1ARRIGK,
, - - .¦"¦:¦. '\ . By T. W. Robertson; .' ¦ ;-V: -.
Tuesday,' Wednesday and -.Thursday Nights,
TOM PINCH,
/ ¦ , ".¦ By -Charles Dickens. "" i
= M- Saturday NlKht,' J. M. Barrie's Comedy,
"THE PROFESSOR'S. LOVE STORY. "
Box and Seat Sale Opens
.Thursday at 9 a. m.
'v;MR.:N.'c.'-:' i i rr.;>?:__ - '¦"•- miss-maxine-
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
Last Times Here in. Their, Greatest American
, v. and London^Success, *,
When We Were Twenty=One
• Opening. Night, MONDAY, April 2S.
PRKES--52, $L50, $l, : ?5c, 58c, 25c. .
LAST MATINEE^ AND : NIGHT OF"
'¦-¦-¦'• ''fE^DORrfi'^^
Farewell Week Beginning TO-MORROW (Mon.
':*: ¦':..- day) EVENING..:
' SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
GREATEST: BILL EVER; OFFERED. •
flf EtiSO UftN E MA CDOWELC, -
;".'. Supported -by- BT-ORENCE. STONE.
: . ">'¦ :. In , a Grand ¦¦ Sardoii Revival." ¦ -
i.i Monday and Tuesday Evenings-^-' ;THE EM-
PRESS ; THEODORA.'*/.: -;
¦- Wednesday - Evening: — "FEDORA."
S' Thursday < Matinee and • Thursday Evening —
VGISMONDA." ¦¦;.¦,;¦ '¦¦¦,.;¦¦¦., .....--,.
- Friday -and Saturday. Evenings and Saturday
Matln«e— "CLEOPATRA." .;-.•• ¦., .
s '• Sunday -Matinee and ' Sunday • Evening — "LA
TOSCA.".",..- ;;.' ¦ ¦ ' - -
Same PoDUlart Pricesi-rlOc, 15c, ~ 25c, .' BOc, 773c.
| RISCHJER'S THEATER
'.' O'FarrelU 1 '/ bet. i? Stockton 'and: Powell :sts.'
;*-. ' Telephone * Main 231.. v—
' 'LOOKS LIKE AS , IF ' IT WAS GOOD FOR
'•¦ - r ¦¦"¦¦¦¦ ¦;•- -.LIFE." -'.¦'¦ -' ; '
DEE ME"
*, MATINEE V THIS^ AFTERNOON.'
, THIRD WEEK : COMMENCES . TO-MORROW,
/.MONDAY- NIGHT at: 8:15.
= C Entire change of. novelties and a dozen other
good :¦ things , that , you ; can ; always " look > for > In
our "future r productions. : i - . ;
- ¦¦- Such * artists • as '» KOLB. .' DILL, BERNARD,
BLAKE, -, HERMSEN. " AMBER, < COLEMAN,
KELLAR, HOPE. EMERSON.-. •- : ¦ V T-
. * And f such ' a , chorus ; you , do not see ¦ at i any
. other; theaters on ..the? coast. .'And prlcesithat
1 please. the: people.- \ Night, <25c and^50e. *.Matt-
. r.ecs,;Sat. and Sun., 25c Children -at Mat., 10c.Foreign r Markets.
TACOMA; April 10.— WHEAT— Unchanged
Bluestem,' 66c;: club, j C5c. . : . ¦
WASHINGTON
- r> OREGON.
"" PORTLAND, April 19.— WHEAT— Nominal,
Walla Walla, 64 % @D5c ; :, bluestem, 66@e6 %c.
Northern'. Wheat: Market.
NEW YORK. April 19.— The policy which
has been consistently followed during the pres
ent speculative campaign of large buying and
large bidding up of some one prominent stock
££ an *fTective leader of the. whole market was
maintained to-<!ay. with Union Pacific as the
favored stock. No new consideration w&s ad
vanced es a reason for the buying, which car
ried the price up to 107%. where It closed at
a net gain of 2%. , Under cover of this-sus
taining infiuence there was a broad and active
speculation In all parts of tbe list.' Ttie move
ment was accordingly irregular, a* the taking
of profits went on side by ride with new buy
ing In » way characteristic of an active epecu.
lation. Many special stocks were under man
ipulation by Mparat* pools and some of the
lnduetrlai epecialties made 'sensational ¦ move
ments. International Power touched 1O> and
fluctuated very feverlrhly. Canadian Pacific
•w-a» very etrong: and there was * nc table ad
vance In United States Reduction. General
Electric was d^pr^fceed 'by the - strike ' In the
company* is works and Sujar showed the ¦ 'effect
of the vote in the House of .Representatives to
rescind the differential duty on refined sugar. .
New York Stock Market,
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April . lO.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
19,889, barrels; exports. . 18,701 •¦ barrels; quiet
but firm. Winter patents. $3 85®4 05- winter
straights. $3 70@3 80; winter extras 10©
3 85: winter low grades." $2 90@3 15'; Minne
sota patents, $3 90@4; Minnesota bakers ' **> D'i
W 20. - _. -¦„• . : ..;,
WHEAT— Receipts, 71,100 .'bushels; exports
122.G08 bushsU. Spot, firm ;- No 2 red 87c
¦ elevator; No.-2 red,.88c f. o. h. afloat-'No 1
'wfciiSS D «7c t! r- 8iC l ?• b.-afloat; No. V hard
Manitoba,, 87c f. o.' b. 'afloat. Opening .< very
firm -at a sharp advance. - wheat gradua'lv
eaced off through realizing. . Early demand was
from shorts, based on dry weather ¦ in •¦ every
part of tho Western . wheat belt and continued
small receipts. The market * finally recovered
on covering and closed = steady at %c net ad
vance. May. 80 ¦ S-lfl^SO^c closed 80>2c
tt^&fV&a¦£»,,^?v
. HOPSr—Firm:" State, common to choice' 1001 r
crop. 16®20c; :, 1JJ00 crop; 13<rai4c ; ' olds 4<f2flc •
:^:K. crop : 1B ® 18 ' 4c^ 1000 ;^*
HIDES— Firm; California. lS%c. "
, ' WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece 2(Wf.20e >\ V
r COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy;: No:.- 7* invoice,
5 7-16C*. mild,:, dull; Cordova.. 8<g»12c.- Coffee
futures closed steady. : 6#10 points, lower. v To
tal -- sales, i 32,250 bagir r Including : .7 May,- 4. R5© :
4.!K)c; September.' 5.25c: December. 5.5Oc; Jan-'
uary. 6.60c; March. /5.65@:6.70c. . _• - . ¦. : -
•: SUGAR — Raw; firm ; fair refining, 2 29-32C ;'
centrif ugal. 06 test;. 3 13-32c, ¦¦¦ Molasses sugar,
2 S 16c; refined; firm; No. G 4 4.20c; No.'7, 4.10:;
SPOKANE, April 19.— Clearings, $200,160;
balances $25,200. "• '_ -
¦PORTLAND,' April- 19.— Clearings, $305,15u
balances,' $34,238. •> ¦ ...
j- TACOMA, - April lO.—aearlngg,' $154,308;
balances,' $C3, 751. ';'--. •¦¦ . - - . ;•
h SEATTLE, April 19. — Clearings, - $175,844;
balances, $U),743. - ,
Northern Business.
", NEW YORK/ April 19.— The cotton market
opened -easy.' with -prices 3 to 9; points 'lower,
and closed -steady, ,; net 1- to 0 points lower. -.-
Nezv York' Cotton. Market
New York Grain and Produce.
.; NEW. YORK, 'April- 19.— The local metal"
markets • were j quiet as a " rule, but quiet j Inci
dent to the ¦ Saturday half-holiday. Spoti tin
stands at $28 5C@29 and copper. was quoted at
$12 25 for Lake . and : $12 'for ' electrolytic -ind
casting.-^ Standard -• is .>- quoted at $11.12V / !'U'
11' 25 for : Epot. ... ' • ¦¦' . •¦¦ ' : . :» . s
Lead ruled steady «t $1.12%.
Spelter was firm, at, $4 45.
',The iron markets wferc steady and unchanged.
New- York: Metal- 'Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury- balance In . the general
fund, . exclusive of the $150,000,000 'gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows : Avail
able cash balance, $179,650,039; -gold, $91,946.
107. ¦¦ '¦¦¦¦' • ¦ ' • .*
Money on call was unlendable, asj the mar
ket was swamped by the return of bonsol ap
plication funds. But this v is only borrowed
money | for the most part, tfnd it will be I re
turned next week. • .
LONDON. April 19.— HOPS (Pacific Coast)
Firm, £3 lCs@£4 15s. ;. >-
Although Balfour's statement as to peace ne
gotiations is regarded favorably; there was a
slight setback in the stock market In the ab
sence of definite peace news, as yesterday's
pace was too fast. Consols relapsed to 94%
American stocks were cheerful and active, the
favorites being Erie, Union and Southern Pa
cific. . 7 : • •' ¦ '
NEW YORK. April 19. — The "Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
San Francisro and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tied wcatber Sunday: • brisk southwest wind
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday; ixxslbly showers; cooler- brisk
eouthwpst winds.
Nevada— Showers Sunday; continued cold
high southerly wind* diminishing:.
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
¦weather Sunday, with rhowers In the Interior
brisk westerly wind*.
Italn ha« fallen generally over the northern
half of the Pacific Coaft. Showers are also
reported at Fresno. Careon City and Winne
niucca. .-•-.'
Forecast made at San Francisco fnr thirty
hours ending midnight. April 2L 1902:
There has b*en a falling temperature at all
jwlnts on the Pacific slope except Eureka In
the San Joaquin Valley and from the Sierra
over Nevada and Southern Idaho there has
been a fall of about 25 degrees in temperature
during the last twenty-four hours.
There has been a sudden fall In pressure over
the intermountaln region and at the same time
a rapid fall in temperature, which Is unusual
An area of low pressure overlies the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
Utah the pressure is as low as 23.50 inches and
¦winds of from 28 to 42, miles an hour are re
ported Jn Utah. In Nevada northwest to south
•wert winds ranging from 34 to 4C miles are re
ported.
FORECAST.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ire as follows:
-BEEF — 7©7%c for Steers and. 6®7c per'lb
for Cows.
-VEAL — Large, 7%®3%c; small. S%@10c per
pound. . - ' ¦¦• ¦
• MUTTON— Wethers. S%«S9%c: Ewes. 8®8%c
per lb. . ¦ .
LAMB — Yearlings, 0@10c per ,1b; Spring
Lamb. 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
- The following quotations are for good sound
livestock : delivered ¦ at San Francisco, less 3C
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8 %@9c;, Cows and Heifers
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@Sc per lb.
CALVES — 4%@5%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®5c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). -
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 60®2 75 per
head -or 5%@Cc per lb Hveweight; yearllnss
4%«5c-per lb. - - • -. '
¦HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under «i*a
CSgc; 200 lbs and over, 6a4®6%c; feeders' 5^3
6VJc: sows, 20 per cent off; boars.- 50 per e'eut
oft, and stags. 40 per cent off from the above
Quotations. ~
General Merchandise.
-iBAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; Sati
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool ; Bags. . 32®35c ; Fleecs
Twine. -7%©Sc. ... . .
COAL— Wellington. $D per ton; ' SoutbfieM
Wellinston, . $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $tt 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $S: Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative .Wallsend. $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in built and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite E«. — — ¦; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14: Cannel, $11 per .ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in ¦ bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per toa.l
according: to brand. _ . '
OIL — California ; Castor -Oil, fn ease« " No
1,- 70c:, pure, $1 20; Linst-ed Oil, in bar
rels, .boiled, 78c; raw. 76c; cases 6e
more ; Lucol. . 68c for boiled and 660 for raw.
in- barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained"
barrels, 90c; cases, 95c;. China Nut; 57%@6Sc
per 'gallon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels, 70c;
cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, : 05tf. Whale Oil, nat
ural , white, 40tS50c per. gallon; Fish Oil. bar
rels. 42%c; cases, 47%-c; Cocoanut OH. barrel^
63%c for Ceylon and 68%e for Australian
¦COAL OIL — Water White : Coal Oil. In bulk
13%©14c; Pearl Oil., in cases." 20c; Astral.. 20c-
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorized stove ; Gasoline, -„ in bulk • 16c*
In cases, 22% c; Benzine. In bulk. 14%'c; In
cases. -21c; 86-degree Gasoline; In bulk 20c- ia
cases. 26%c. - -
-_/TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases anJ
61c ia drums and Iron barrels. • ;
SUGAR — The Western , Sugar Refining Com
pany^ quotes J as follows. -, per; pour^, in 100-lb
7 10 ,?,? : ' Ub *?' "i* ? I ?« shed an<) ' rtne - Crushed.
4.60c;' ! Powdered. 4.35»: Candy Granulated.
*J55c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Oi-anu
.rated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated 4 *>5c'
Beet Granulated *U0O-Ib bags only)." none'
Confectioners'. A." 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3,85c:
Extra C. 3.75c; ¦ Golden C, 3.C5c; - "D " 3 55c
barrels,- 10c . more;' half- barrels. 25c' more
boxes, • 50c more; BO-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds.' Domlnos — Half-barrels. '4.75c;* boxes
6c. per lb." , No .order- taken for leas than 73
barrels or its equivalent. * ..-. \;
Receipts of Produce.
. FOR -SATURDAY. 'APRIL - 19.
, Flour, 1 qr sks .*...' 14,770 Wool. 'bales.. . .. 532
¦ Wheat,. ctls .":'... 7ft5 Pelts.* bdls... .. 192
Barley, ctls..... -3,010 Hide*. No...... 4C4
Beans, sks. : . : . - 1.920 Qulcksll. flsks. . Srt
Potatoes, sks... 1,71ft Leather, rolls... . -117
Onions, sks...:. 300 Wine, gals .52,000
Bran.' sks... -..'.. .. 405 Raising, bxs.v.'. 950
Middlings; sks.*. : - 15« Tallow. cthJ;.';.-. 225
Hay. , tons ..... .' 54B Lime. . bbls. .. '. . ' 273"
Straw., tons ;...". . . : 2O Sugar. . ctls.'".. .. • 1,530
':¦;•-¦;¦:"•¦.' '.,: •
N Oats,' ctls. • . I .'.". 2,300 Onions,-, sks. . . .: . 80
; Potatoes, sks.;; ' ,507,
I Supplier of Hogs and Sheep are light, of Cat
tla fair, and of Lambs ample for current needs.
All quotation^ remain as before!" •
fiRESSED MEATS. ' f--
San Francisco Meat Market.
) > The imports of dry ¦ goods and msrchandlse
at the port ¦ of. 'New York < f of the week ' were
valued at $10,508,742.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The exports of spe
cie from the port of l New ¦ York . for the week
ended to-day ' nggresrated $655,528 sil\-er. ' The
imports of specie were $51,1 1.: gold and $23,1SS
8ilVCr. ; . -' '¦ ,',..'. -. : \ .'¦:'':
Exports Mnd Imports.
HOGS — Receipts,.' 2S0O. :. Light and -light
mixed, $6 9C@7 17 Vi: medium and heavy $7 10
<g7 35:_jjlgs,>$i 75©tf 25: bulk, $7@7 15 .*, -
SHEEP — Receipts, <j300; active, steady
Western lambs, $tf 25@tf 90; Western sheei>'
$4 05@<J CO. ' _ " "
ST. JOSEPH,- Mo., April 19.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 176; steady,-- Cows and heifers, $1 25®
6 90; veals. $3 5003;: bulls and stags, $2 75@o
stockers and feeders, $2@5 25. . • - . •
ST. .JOSEPH
¦ SHEEP — Receipts, 1500. Sheep and lambs,
stealy. ' Good to; choice wethers, $5 50@U 20;
fair to ' choice mixed, $4 75<g-5 50; Western
sheep, $4 7506 20; native |ambs, $4 7500 Oo-
Webtern lambs>$5 60@ti 05. . .
• HOGS — Receipts to-day." 12.000;. 5c to 15o
lower.- Mixed and butchers'. §6 80(37 32%
good to choice heavy, $7 20@7 35; rough heavy,
$6 f>5@7 20; light," $<) 75@6 U0; bulk, $U yt)iy
CHICAGO.-- April / 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2C0; nominal. Good to "prime steers, $0 SO®
7,25; poor to medium, $4 00®G 60; stockers and
feeders, $2 50®5 25; cows, $t 50@5 75; ' heif
ers, $5 50f/C; cannors. $1 50Jr2 40; bulls, $2 50
<?5 50; calves, $2 ."Off/ 5 25; Texas" fed steers.
$5 25@6 15. is : . ¦
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Atchlson 20.500 83% 62% S3»»
Atchison pfd 11.100 100 V* «»H 100
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4,500 100% lOOVi 109%
Bait & Ohio pfd... •-• W5
Canadian Pacific... 37.000 127 123% 12U%
Canada Southern... 2.300 1)1% »0 »i
Cbes 4>Ohlo 4.300 48'^ 48 4$'fc
Chicago & 'Alton... 17.S00 38Vi S7^s 3J>*;,
Chi &. Alton pfd... 3.104"" 77>)i 7«% 77»£
Chi Ind & Louis 7,400 66% «3 65
Chi Ind & Louis pf »00 7»^ 78% 7U*,i
Chi & East Illinois 100 16S 168 107%
Chi & Gt Western. 3,200 2(5% 20 2<J'A
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 300 8'J»4 i® «S"^
Chi &. Gt W B pfd 4'i 1 /-
Chl & NW..; 2.400 252 250 250fe
Chi Rck Island & P 300 174vi 174«4 174%
Chi Term & Trans. 2.100 22 Vj 22 22 j»
Chi Terra & Tr pfd U.000 41Vi 40 - 40&
C C C & fit L 1.400 100K 105% 106
Colorado Southern. 24.&00 33 ,81 'A 32 \'»
Colo South 1st pfd. 300 75 ' 74 H 74 -4
Co'.o South 2d pfd. 3.100 4C# 40 46 J /*
Del A Hudson 172U
Del Lack & West 2S«
Den & R Grande.. 1,000 46 45% 45 >S
Den & R <* pfd.. 500 93 92tf 92»,4
Erie 9,100. 39% 39 35%
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 70Vi 63*,4 70),
Erie 2d pfd.. 400 05% 53">4 55(2
Gt Northern pfd 185^
Hocking Valley.... 300 84^ S4 84
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 "92 01% 0l¥ s
Illinois Central 39,200 150Vi 149 149T,,
Iowa Central .....15.100 50»/» 40% 50
Iowa Central pfd.. 3,400 M) f r» SSlu 89
K C Southern «,500 27% 28 27%
K C SO pfd ..13,400 62% 5»% 62V*
Lake Erie & West. 6SVi
L E &. Western pfd .... 128
Louis & Nash... a 3,600 127 % 128*4 126%
Manhattan Elevat.. 3.100 134% 133% 133%
Met Street Ry: 600 154% 153 153
Mexican Central... 3.100 80% 30 29%
Mexican National.. 1.300 20% 20 20'i
Minn & St Louis.. 9.700 115 110% 112%
Missouri Pacific .. 3.700.102 102 102Ti
Mo Kan & Tex 2.400 s 26% 20% 2«* 8
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 2,500 67% 50%^. 5ti%
New Jersey Central 200 191 192% 191
New York Central. SOO ICO 159 153%
Norfolk & Western 4,600 58 ;i 58U '¦-.&&%
Norf & West pfd.. 200 91 90% »0
Ontario & Western. .3,900-34% 3i . 34
Pennsylve.nia .....: 6.900 161% 151% -15H4
Reading 41,400 62% «2 62*3
Reading 1st pfd 3,000 84 ' 83% 83%
Reading 2d pfd.... 3.900 71 V4 70% ',0%
St L & San Fran.. 500 70% 7014 7054
St L & S F 1st pfd .... S3
St L & S F. 2d pfd. 2,100 74'^ 74 74%
StL Southwestern. 200 '30% 30 SOli
St L SW pfd;..:;. 200 «2% C2% 62^
fit Paul 73.900, 172% 172% 17214
St Paul pfd 500 193% 19:» 192 •
Southern Pacific... 19.000 6S% 67% 68ti
Southern Hallway.. 10,200 37% 30% ¦ 37%
Southern^Jty pfd.. 4,200 05 05% 95»i
Texas A Pacific 23.UO0 44% 43% 44%
Tol St L A W...... 200 22% 21% 21U
Tol St LAW pfd. 600 39% 39% 89%
Union Pacific 166,300 107% 105V 107*
Union Pacific pfd.. .4,400 89 88% 88%
Wabash 4,200 25% 2*% 25V4
Wabash pfd 3,700 44% 44% '44%
Whcelins & L E... 100 20% 20% '20%
W&LE2dpfd... ..... ..;. .;.* 33
Wis Central .. 3,700 20% 26 20
Wis Central . pfd ... 500 48% 48 48
Express Companies —
Adams /^ .... 210
American... .... .... 233'
United States ..... 100 122 122 120
Wells Fargo ...... 210
. •" Miscellaneous — . ,•..-•¦
Anial Copper ..... C5.7OO e,9 «4« : 64%
Amw C & F; COO 20% 29% 2d%
Amer C & V pfd... 100 89% 89% - 89%
Amer Lin Oil...'.. : 3.2f»0 24% : 22% ' 24
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. . .200 C6 65 -.57%
Amer Loco .'. 7.900 36% ' 36 36
Amer Loco pfd .... 2,400 07% 97 97
Am<-r S & R...... 3,300 -47% 46% • 47 -
Amer S & R pfd. .v ..... .... .... '97.
Anaconda MlnCo.. 300 112 112 -112
Brooklyn RapTran 3,300 66% .. t»% ' 6Cii
Colo Kuel & Iron.., 29.600/109 108 108%
Consolidated Gas .. ..=' 5O0 -224% ; 224% : 224%
O.m Tob pfd..:.... 1.400'l20 119% 119%
G«n«ral Electric .. 700 625% 322% 323 ¦
Hocking Coal ..... SOO 21% 21 - 21 %
Inter Paper ..;;..;. 100 21 21" "-21-
Inter Paper P fd ''"ll^r»fl|l'*^'M;lffli 74 '/3
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
• .The. end of the -week""found. the local market
dull, with considerable : stock left unsold/- Small
Ktock ; has been ; plentiful ) and ' dull right ¦ along
an-1 -the eame may; be 'said of old ' Roostera and
Hens. " ..Tlio : .. demand k "confined • princlaally
to large young stock. Two cars of Eastern came
in - and 1 were held over. for. to-morrow's market, 1
when ! one flr r t wo * additional cars .will probably
be ' offered. ;¦ ' f , .
"¦ • Game - moved ¦ ofT better and ' Gray . and : Wblta
Grese were marked up. : Receipts were 32 sacks.
'; POULTRY— Live Turkeys, <,13§14c- for Gob
• biers : and - 15@lflc f, for ' Hens : - Geese,— per ¦ pair/
$1 50@l 75; ; Goslings,'. $2 25@2 60; Ducks, §4 50
@5" for old: and $7@8' for young ;;Hen4. $4 500
B 50; young Roosters. ?6 r>0@7 60; old .'Roosters,
$4. 5O43I5 < F:ry*rs, ., $5©6; - Broiler*,' $4 509S5 : for
large''and:$2@3:for small:'. Pigeons, $1,5001 75
per doaen'for old an<S ?175®2 for Squabs. •- .
' -GAME— Hare.v-^CefiJJl;^ Rabbits,'- ?1 25@1 50
' for :C"t font »ll)«. and : $1 : for ¦ Brush; :, Gray. 1 G^«se,
$i; 5C@2 ; ;" Will te • Geese, . 50075c ; Brant. ' . 75c©
$1' 25 $3; English 'Snipe, $2'5Cr§3;
Jack Snipe,' $1 50.
'Butter /Cheese: and Eggs.
" The i week closed .with' larger: supplies of ;But
ter j ar.d ; poorer fshipplng ' prospects,^as C Chicago
wa» I lc } and \ Ne w - York ' 2c" lower, /arid Seattle N
wired ¦ that ' that "market : was ' overstocked. ':¦ The
Poultry and' Game.
VFGETABLES Asparagus, extra ; fancy.
$1 S5@2 per, box, SI 50©l 75 for No.,1 and $lfj(
1-' 25-, for .'No. 2; Rhubarb, 35@S5c per-box;
fxtra ¦ f ancy. 00c@?l 25 :„ Green. Peas, 75ctT$l 23
per sack; String Beans,, from Los Angeles,
IP^lBc per lb. ,¦ Including '-Wax: Cabbage.- - 40®
50c : per .ctl: ; Los Atigeles, Tomatoes. 75c@5l 25
per box and 75c@$l' 25 per crate; Mexican To
matoes, ; 75c@$l 50 . per box, including re
packed; Dried Peppers. lCfffllc per lb; Los An
geles' do, 13ig.l7 J /4c; Dried Okra, 12'4@20c per
lb; : Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
35@75c per dozen for t small • and $1@>1 for
large; Garlic. . 2t?-2VjC; Ixis Angeles Gree?KPep
pers. 12^j@15c; Mexican do, -8@10c;"Egg Plant,
from' Los Angeles, -.15020c; 1 '- Summer. Squash,
ft om Loft Angeles, $181 CO; Marrowfat Squash,
$l. r i4i'2O , per" ton; .. . Hubbard • ¦ Squash, •• $15Q,20;
Mushrooms, nominal. > . . , ;..
. ONIONB-^Oregons, > $2.1002 35 for the best
and $1 50@2 for lower grades; 'Australian. $3-8
3 25, second " hands; -Nevadas, .- $2 35; Green
Onions. 4()@50c per box. ¦ ''
. POTATOES— New Potatoes. -2@2^c per \b;
old. $1 3001 55 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 CO(8>1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. ; River Reds. ?1 30®l 60;' Early
Rose, for seed, $1" SOiSl 05 : Oregon . Burbank3.
for seed, $1 20@l 50; Sweets; $1 9002 for Mer
ced.' ¦:-'. • - ¦¦¦ :. .-¦ .-•¦¦¦•¦•.¦:¦• .. ¦ • ; : ¦' ¦ !
- New ¦ Vegetables wore ' unchanged and offer
ings. Of all kinds were large. 1 .One house sold
300 boxes of No. 2 Asparagus t» the canners
at COc per box. Los AngelJs Vegetables were
In good .condition and continued to bring good
prices. -.- '•-.,¦-.¦.•¦.-.¦ -j'. - .
One car of Oregon: Onions came In, but as
no sales . were made ' the quotations ore .un
changed. Receipts of Oreen -Onions Were light
and sold '.well at. better - prices. .
' Although the receipts of ¦ new Potatoes are
not heavy the market- "is ' dull owing to the
small size of most of the offerings. Good large
stock would -bring better; prices \ If obtainable.
All descriptions * of ..'.old Potatoes were un
changed. .The" demand -for' Oregon Burba nks
continued brisk and offerings .in>flrst hands
were. limited. Available supplies are said to
be light. up north. and dealers look for a con
tinuation of the. high prices- In this market.
The . steamer is due to-day with about 8000
sacks. , • •, -,-' . '"' ¦¦•¦¦¦¦
Potafoes, Onions and Vegetables.
'SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 S0@2 65; Yel
low Mti3tard. $3 25@.'! 50; ; Flax.-. $2 25@2 60;
Canary'. 3',4c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah
lu^^Htfc: California. lQ@10\!.c; Rape, 1%&
2*4c; Homp. 8»4c per lb. .
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $1 tS0@2; Green, $1 50
gj2; Blackeye, nominal. . -. , /
. BE-ANS— Eayos, $2 40@2 CO; small White.
$1 00@2 15; large White, $2@2 20; Pea." $3 20©
3 M); Pink. $1 S5@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 5o-
Blackeye; $4 t>04?A 75; Llmas, $3 35@3 60; Red
Kidneys, -$3.75(34 per ctl. ¦ _ - - . .
Beans continue inactive and unchanged.
There. Is no demand for S£ed».' ¦>
Beans and Seeds.
THE COAST RECORD
r ;¦:';> LIVERPOOL. : : : V
Wheat — May. 2 July.
Opening-...* 0 -04 ,, -5 11','a
Closing ti % 5 Ilk
- -'.PARIS.
Wheat— , April/ Sept.-Dec.
Opening..... 22 30 20 50
Closing '. 22 20 ' ,20 40
, Flour— "
Opening 27 05 20 50
Closing .................... 2700 -~2t> 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 19—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Aak.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 OS
Alta — 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 05 Lad j Wash... 04
Belcher 08 OOjMexlcan 45 4T
Best & Bel... 24 23 Occidental ... 10 12
Bullion , 02 KI Ophir 125 130
Caledonia ..." 43 43 Overman .... 21 22
Challenge ... 15 17 Potosi 24 25
Chollar 17 IS Savage 12 14
Confidence 60 63 Scorpion* — 04
C C & Va 1 30 1 ST. Seg Belcher.. 01 02
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 22 24
Con N T — 02 Sliver Hill..'. 4S 50
Crown Point. 07 0b St Louis..... 06,- : — ¦
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .../ 07 —
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... \ 23 24
Gould A Cur. 06 07 Utah .A OS 0.1
Hal« & Nor.. 20 .22 Tel Jacket... 11 13
Julia . . : — 04
Prisoners Sentenced.
James A. Delahay pleaded guilty . In
Judge Cook's court yesterday and waa
sentenced to five years In San Quentln.
He broke Unto the San Francisco Turn
Vereln, on Post and Leavenworth streets,
March 5, and was caught by one of the
waiters. Peter Gatens, who was charged
with grand larceny and pleaded guilty to
potty larceny before Judge Dunne, wa3
sentenced to six months In the County
Jail. He was accused of stealing J70, on
February 3,. from Charles -.McConnell of
Fruit vale, in the Manhattan saloon, Jack
son ' and Montgomery streets.
-• \:.- -,"¦" ¦ ? ¦
News in Army Circles.
General Hughes. has made an official in
spection of Alcatraz and Angel Islands
•' - ingr the last week and will visit the
'. sidio officially to-morrow or Tuesday.
Captain -W.-'-'H. Chapman. Twenty-fifth
Infantry, has-been appointed adjutant of
the casoal detachment at the Presidio.
Captain J. S. Stewart of the medical de
partment has been appointed chief sur
geon of the transport Logan.
The average life of a doff la about ten
years.- "Many live fifteen, and there are
well authenticated eases of from twenty
to twenty-three years. '
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. Heavy. -_ salted
Steers, .10%c; medium,* 9®9%c; light, 8®8%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and S@8%c for light;
Stags. 6@6%c; Salted Kip, SOS%c; Salted Veal,
«&»%c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; CulU,
14c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. Me; Culls and
Brands. 15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 20$a0c
each: short Wool. 35<S60c each: medium. 83@
75c; long Wool, 00e©$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt $2 7303 for large and $2 25©2 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 5Qc;
medium. 35c ."''*' - *
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. '5%©6o per lb-
No. 2, 4%©5c; grease. 2%®3%~c. . —-'.--"
WOOL — Spring — Northern free. - 14®16c- do
defective. 13@14c: Middle county free, 13015c"
do. defective. 12fgl3c; -Southern, --12 months
9@10c; do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll(913c-
Nevada. 12®15c per lb. - *
. HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14®13c per lb for
gcod to choice.- . ; »
Hide^,,Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There, is nothing new to report. Bran is
scarce and firm and supplies of Middlings are
also light. There is no change whatever in
Hay. i\ l;j : :"'A
BRAN— $17@18 per ten. .
MIDDLINGS— $19 50®21 per ton.
- FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. .?25^2»j; jobbing,
S26 50027; Cocoanut fake, $20®21: Corn Meal,
$:"t)4i:-9 50: Cracked Corn. $29 GOig.'W; Mixed
Feed, $ie@17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@ll 50: Wh»at and Oat.
$S 50@ll: Oat. $S@l0 B0; Alfalfa, ;-. $S@U;'- Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer,' $6 50@S 50;. Stock, $_i8®8
per ton. '. ¦- , . •' : *
STRAW— *0®65c per bale. >
Hay and Fecdstu ffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, < $.1 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50:
Oregon. , $2 75@:i 25 per barrel for family and
$3@:i 50 for Bakers': Washington. Bakers', $3
63 50. " «
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to 'the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lb*: Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$2. 76; -Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25: extra
cream do. *4; Oat Groats. $5 '_'3; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. - $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 £5: Rolled Oats (barrels): $7 35@!>; in
sacks, $6 85®S 50: "Pearl Barley," $5 50;' Split
Peas, ,$5 50; Green Peas, $6 COper 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Financier says: The etatemehtVof "the
New York Associated Banks for last week
showed the unexpectedly moderate gain of only
$660,100 in cash, of which $336,000 consisted
of specie and $523,500 legal tenders. The of
ficial report differs so materially from the
estimated movement of cash during the weeTi,
this estimate. Indicating a gain to the banks of
$2,034,000, that it leads to the belief that the
statement was made on decidedly rising aver
ages, and that the banks were really In a
much better condition as regards cash reserves
at the end of the we*k than appeared by the
official statement^ The receipts of gold from
San Francisco were large after the middle of
the week and an average of at least $500,000
on the total of about $1,000,000 received ought.
It would seem, have been recorded, whereas
the gain In specie was only 1336.000. It appears
likely, from the exhibit by the bank returns,
that the money required for the Louisville and
Nashville deal was obtained from Chicago and
other Western points through drafts" upon
those deposits of the interior banks which were
standing to their credit with their New York
correspondents. Jyjans of this deposited
money <would, of, course, not be reflected In the
loan item of the New York banks. The state
ment Shows a decrease of 54,087,200 In de
posits, whereas the loss .of loans, lesss the
gains In cash, called for a decrease of $5,030,
300 In deposits; consequently the statement Is
out of harmony. The reserve required, $1,146.
8CO, plus the gain In ca»hT"makes an increase
of S2,uO6,ftOO in surplus reserve, dairying this
Item to $6,578,650. At the corresponding date
last year the surplus was $14,922,100. It Is
noteworthy that the Improvement in. the sur
plus, as was the case in the previous week, re
sulted not from the gain in cash, which was
small, but from the reduction In loans and
consequently in deposit?, indicating praise
worthy conservatism on the part of bank of
ficers, influenced by the peculiar situation In
cident to the prevailing speculative conditions.
The contraction of loans by the banks seemed
to be quite general. Eleven of the larger In
stitutions showed a net decrease in this item
of *5.100,«l00. Two of this number reduced
loans S3.S00,000 and one increased them $1,000,
000. The bank clearings for the week were un
usually heavy, amounting to $1,750,118,750,
and they were largely due to the enormous
trading in stocks.
Surplus, $0,578,650; increase. $2,006,900.
Reserves, ?244,772,200; Increase, S$50,100.,
Reserve required, $238,193,550; , decrease,
$1,146,800. ¦
Specie, $172,332,400; Increase. ?436,600.
Deposits. $902,774,200; decrease, $4,587,200.
Circulation. $30,976,900; increase, $56,900.
Legal tenders. $72,439,800; Increase. $523,500.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
ehows :
Loans, $894,491,000: decrease. $5,890,400.
Associated Banks' Statement.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, , 25@29c; . dairy.
24@27c. Cheese, firm. 12@13c. Eggs, firm:
fresh, '15%®lGc. '
Cash quotations were as" follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 70@3 90; straights,
$3 20@3 00; clears, $3@.1 40; - spring specials,
$4@4 10; patents, $3'20@3 CO; No. 3 spring
wheat. 70(&74%c; No. 2 'red,- S3c; No. 2 oats,
43%©44c; No. 2 white, 45<Tt45%c; No. .3 white,
45@45%c:-No. 2 rye. SOsgfiOc; fair to choice
malting barley, G5'-4@0Sc; No.' 1 flaxseed, $1 61);
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO; prime timothy seed,
$« S5; mess pork, per' barrel. $16 60®16 05:
lard, per 100 pounds, $9 72 %@9 75; short-rib
sides (loose), $'J lOtffO £0; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $7 02%£f7.75r short clear sides (boxed),
$!) eo<g9 70; whisky, basis of high wine's, $1 30:'
clover, contract grade, $S.v .-.¦¦.
Articles—. ... ' Receipts. Shipments.
Fiour. barrels .. ....'... 13.000 ¦ 23,000
Wheats bu«heU',.,--~'"" *7.«Wi . ~ 45.000
Corn, bushels ." .%..\ -78.000' '^ :t36.090
Oats, bushels ......... ....21.S.O00 ' :A'-143,IXX>
Rye, bushels . . 14.000 '. 1.000'
Barley, bushels ...'.....:..¦ 11,000 '¦• ;:'..-...
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.-
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for. extra light and lUc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef. $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess. ?10@10 50; Family, (lien so;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear, |23;
Mess $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 5o«12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75: Smoked Beef.
13%®14c per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lh for
compound and 11%©I2c for pure: half barrels,
pure, 12%c: 10-lb tins. 12%c. 5-lb tins, J2«4c;
3-Ib tins, 12%c. . ,
Chicago was much lower. The private wire
of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.. said: "This mar
ket has : been depressed, due to selling by local
peckers. Market for live hogs at the yards'
closed somewhat lower than yesterday. -• At the
decline there was fair buying of ribs which
was said to be for local packing interests. Con
siderable property came out on stop orders, but
aEide from this there is nothing special to say
in regard to the market."
This market was steady at the advance al
ready noted.
Provisions.
Bar silver weak. 24 l-16d per oi*ice. Money.
2% per cent. The rate of discount in the open
market for short bills Is 2% per cent. Th*
rate of discount In" the open market for threo
months' bills is 2% per- cent. . -
Cons for money. 94 5-16 M K & Texas... 27%
Cons for account. 9t% Do ptd 55 U.
Anaconda 5% N Y Central .... .168 "
Atchlson ... ... 85% Norfolk & West.. 00%
Do pfd .102% Do pfd 02%
Bait & Ohio ....112% Ontario & West.. 33%
Canadian Pacific. 126 Southern Ry .... 28%
Chesap & Ohio... 49-H Do pfd ........ 93%
Chicago G W .... 26% Southern Pacific.. 70
Chi Mil Sz St P...176% Union Pacific .'...108%
Denver & R G... 46% Do pfd 90%
Do pfd 95% U S Steel 43%
Erie 40% Do pfd 97
Do 1st- pfd .... 72% Wabash ... ..... 20
Do 2d nfd 57% Do pfd 45%
Illinois Central ..152% '.Spanish 4s 7S%
Louis & Nash ...129%!
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Articles— Open. High. Low,^ Close.
Wheat No. 2— ' -. ' .
May.- 74% '74% 74% ¦ 74%
July 75% 75=>i 75% 75%
September ..'... 74'^. 75- .71%.. -75.
Corn No. 2 —
July "42% CJ. 62% C2%
May ........... 62% U2% . 62 --• «2%
September"..... .-€2% : «2% M& Bit*
Oats No. 2 — » • -
May 4-"?7i 439.4 -43 . 43
July, old..' '36 36 35%. 35%
July. new. 38 38% 37' /s 37%
September, old. 31% \ 31% 31 Vi 31%i
September, new. 33% ' , 33^ 33% 33%
Mess Pork. J>er' barrel — .< '. .
May 16 80 . 16 80 V 16 CO 1G 60
July Hi 05 17 00 Hi 75 . 10 80
September .....17.00 I 17 00 '16 85 16 87%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May ....... 0 7u 9 75 9 72% - 9 75
July .....-0 85 0 85 '¦'. 0 S2%' 9 85
September ..... 0 95 9 97% 9 92% 9 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 0 15 - 9 15 0 10 O 12%
July .4. .......... 35 1> 35 9 25 9 25
September #-40 0 42% 9 35 0 35
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<iate. a^ compared with those of same date last
(•easonr'arid rainfall in latt twenty-four hours:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 19-^ p. m
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
"During the past wetk cold showers, hail,
enow and sleet have greatly delayed plowing
and seeding. In the earliest -localities of the
Eastern section, spring wheat is about three
fourths sown; ncne is germinated yet. Spring
barley is coming up in Columbia County. Over
the Western section very little spring seeding
and planting have been done."
"Some j>each. apricot, plum and cherry trees
have come into bloom, but most fruit trees arc
late in blossoming, which is considered for
tunate, as there have been hard frosts, which
vould have greatly injured the bloom.
"March, although wet in the Western section,
Tvas dry over the great agricultural region of
the Eastern section, which Is unfavorable for
cropn. The first two weeks of April, as well
as the last two of March, have been cold for
vhe season, and the spring is therefore late
and vegetation of sli kinds backward.
1 "Although the past winter was generally
Imild. with an abundance of rainfall, fall wheat
has not. except in the most favorable instances,
ccme through the winter in so good condition
as in former average seasons. There are two
reasons for it; first, only the early-sown fall
•wheat came up evenly and grew rapidly, the
October wheat having been sown when it was
too dry to germinate and grow rapidly; second,
& severe northwest storm on the i'4th of Janu
ary blew many fields completely bare of ,snow,
especially on the high lands, so that the Wheat
was ba<31y frozen oat (luring the sevej-e cold
spell that followed. Over large areas half of
the fail wheat had to be resown.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington crop bulletin, week ended April
14, is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin,
. Previous prices rule for all descriptions and
ths market is quiet. \ ,
. FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10o > for Royals and
10@l."e for standard to - fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples,'- '8@9c; ¦'. sun dried. Be:
Peaches, 6%@8%c; Pears. ti@*Jc: Plums, pitted,
6®6c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and-5%@6c for white; rigs, 4%c for
black and 6%@«jc for white.
PPUNES — 1901. crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@6?ic; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60*8, 4%
@4s-4c; 60-JO's, 4©4%c; 70-80* s, 3%@3%c; 80
00's, 3@3%c; 90-100*8, 2%®2%c per-lb./
¦ RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,' 6%
@7 % c ; Loose Muscatels, 6% c for ,-4-crown and
5%c for seedless ; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas. 5 >4c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2. 50: Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. • ¦ -. ¦
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for. pap'ersnell, 9@10o for
softshell and b@Tc for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@|2%c; Filberts,
I2'ill2%c: Pecans, ll@l3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50>&5.
HONEY — Comb. 11012c for bright and 0@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 6@
6%c: light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27% (829c per lb. .
Dried Fruits, Niits and Raisins.
The imports of treasure at this port in March
amounted to $232,517, arainst $1,040,300 iu
March, 1&0L For the first quarter of this year
the imports amounted to. $C23,173. against
$4,739,795 for the corresponding period last
year. The large total latt year was due to im
ports of gold coin and gold bullion amounting
to $1.473.9ie from Australia - and gold coin
amounting to $2,321,500 from Japan, whereas,
this year, only $6700 has been received from
Japan.
Treasure Imports.
Local bank clearings during the. past week
«-ere S2S.10S.704. against $25,237,560 during the
same week last year.
Bank Clearings.
Amalgamated Copper found support, but was
feverUh. American Snuff, Kansas City South.
ern preferred and Minneapolis and St. Louis
made unexplained advances. The Important
developments this week In the stock market
have caused great animation and a feverish
tone. The actual accomplishments have given
rise to the usual flood of surmises of other
projects in formation or far advanced toward
fruition and the group of Western millionaires
whose operations started the present move
ment have maintained an aggressive leader
ship of the market. The result has been a
progressive growth in .speculative feeling *nd
a broadening in the field of activity. The ex
ample of the successful lifting of prices by the
leaders has encouraged friends of many other
stocks to take them In hand and work up a
ready market for them, . which has. afforded a
growing opportunity for the operations of pro
fessional operators. Judged by the expressed
opinions of commission-houses the growth of
interest on the part of the general public has
been moderate. The present market seems
to be one of millionaires, who deal in lines
of hundreds of thousands of shares. The party
which leads the market is undoubtedly made
up of millionaires who deal in concert or In
pool. There seems to be ample ground fcr
the supposition that the passing of control
of Louisville and Nashville, wlllch was the
feature of the week, was an Incident rather
than the object ! of these speculative opera
tions. The passing of control of a great rail
road system in the open market aealnst* the
desire of a centralized interest which has dom
inated the property Is calculated to create a
degree of disturbance and uncertainty that
would serve to unset the market and check
the upward progress of prices elsewhere. For
one thing there is the mass of contracts ' for
delivery which have been ventured In the at
tractive upward rush of prices, for which stock
has been borrowed until certificates can be se
cured for a definitive closing of the contract.
If there is any doubt of the ability of sellers
to make delivery the existing control in the
property will naturally refuse to admit the
contestant's claim to control and will buy In
the market to defeat that claim. In the North
ern Pacific contest lait year It was this pro
cess that swept the" market bare of stock and
precipitated a corner. On Monday of this
week the «ame flaw of affairs was imminently
threatened in Louisville and Nashville. It is
clear that the contestant was Induced to re
linquish his claim to control and consent to
its lodgment with J. P. Morgan & Co. Jyet
what the inducement for this action was Is a
puzzle to the speculative public and has given
rise to much surmise and feverish speculation,
based on this or that assumption of what the
quid pro quo may be. The unprecedented deal
ings in Southern Railway on Tuesday, break
ing all Stock Exchange records for a day's
dealings in a single stock, were based on the
supposition of a merger or an agreement for
an exchange of interests in the two roads
with the new interest in Louisville and Nash
ville. Another supposition, was that the re
linquiihment of the newty acquired control of
Louisville and Nashville (was prompted by the
danger threatened of tn'upsfit in the general
market in which the same Interest was largely
committed. The renewal of the larce specu
lative operations was attributed, in this con
nection, to the replenishment of speculative
resources whtch resulted from the settlement
of the Louisville and Xaehvllle matter. That
the controlling Influence in the Southern Rail
way field has been /centralized as a result of
the episode goes without saying and It is ac
cepted as a demonstration of the sweeping
tendency of the times. General conditions have
been almost totally Ignored during the week.
The conservation of the steadiness of the
money market has been an important factor
In fostering the strength of the stock market.
The Interior has sent money to New York this
week and the sub-treasury drain on the mar
ket has been suspended owing to theJ pending
payments. The money rate has remained suf
ficiently high to invite further lending here
by foreign houses in spite of the demand upon
the markets incident to the iMue of the new
British loan. The large over«ib*criptlon of
that loan 1* evidence of the abundance of cap
ital seeking investment. The lone dreaded re
duction In the Amalgamated dividend passed
almost unnoticed in the general animation of
the market.
The bond market showed some decline In
activity. „, . iU .
United States 2s advanced '/« • and the ..s
(registered) »ind old 4s (coupon> % per cent
over the closing call of-la*t week.
*-- — : — . . ... .r. t — : — *
CHICAGO, April lO.r-Wheat was ruled , by
the weather. ' The people -who sold' late yes
terday on'rumorsof the rains, bought in 'hur
riedly at' the opening^ when' dryness "was re
ported again and caused a^ sharp advance.'. The
email Northwestern and primary receipts also
caused some alarm toshorts and induced good
buying at times;. Traders were j firm in the
belief that the whole feature of- wheat' prices
hinges on the" moisture that' may ;or may not
come to the relief | of the winter crop . in the
next ten days. For. some days the dry weather
has been discussed and as days go by without
the needed rain the situation 1 grows more criti
cal and complex. : Southwestern news ' is : gen
erally bullish, i ¦ Not only . Is the winter j crop
full of dangerous possibilities, but the story ia
now pretty generally circulated that there will
be a very serious shrinkage \ in the area.,-, of
spring wheat in the three Northwestern States.
Cash wheat is growing scarce here and In the
Interior and this consideration ¦ caused holders
to stand firm ' to-day. . No shipping ' business
was done here to-day and the export demand
at the seaboard was called poor. These worked
against the early upturn, but .-exceptionally
large clearances of and flour— 778.000
bushels— together wl?h the big bullish factors,
brought a good -rally. May opened %® : )ic to
¦V>@%c. advanced at 74%@74%c,and soon sold
to 74%c. A dip to 74%c followed on protit
taklng, but-. the situation was strong and May
closed ?i ©Tie up at 74%c. - : . ; ¦
. Corn trade was only- fairly active In spots.'
Cables were indifferent and the . sample trade
was dull. " May corn closed firm,- up'at
C2%(g'(52 l / ic. '.*¦<: ' ¦ ¦ • .
Weather was the factor In the oats market.
From appearances them is no longer a fear of
a corner In May. May closed .unchanged at
43c.
Weakness ruled In provisions/ with "¦ pork
much lower, ' ribs Inclined tfo follow pork and
lard fairly steady on packers' support. May
pork closed 20c lower; lard unchanged and
ribs "y.@10c down. :
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Bank clearings show the usual increase for the week) "
Local stocks and bonds sell fairly in a small zvay.
Financial quotations generally undisturbed.
U^lieat steady, with a slight advance in futures, .
Barley quiet and easy. Oats, Corn and Rye dull..
No change in Hay and Fecdstuffs. 'i$Mi
Beans and Seeds very quiet and unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ariiple supply. -,V
Provisions quiet and lower at Chicago.
Meat quotations stand as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Poultry plentiful and dull. Game firmer.
Oranges and Lemons in good supply "at previous prices.
¦¦¦.-,' -a "CALL BOARD, SALES, i -' -'J-r^i
'Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second • Session— -No sales.
'.Regular -Morning Session — No sales. - -
OATS— The. market continues. 'neglected at
the, old 'prices. -The Chicago letter of Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. says: "Oats, like wheat,
have been strong and higher, due to weather
conditions. The local crowd went home short
last night and In the absence of, rain covered
freely.. The. situation in - May remains un
changed, very .little trading, being - done ¦ on
either slde.r' The market Is a weather.- one and
will be affected by any change." -¦•¦
Grays. $1 :iO@t 40; whites. $1 3001 43; Sur
prise. $1 40®l -45;. black. .$1 12%@1 '32%.*rrtd.
|1 3001 42% per ctl.' ' . .... .^
CORN— The market Is still stagnant at un
changed quotations. < The. Chicago dispatch to
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. says: ¦ '"This. market
was Influenced to a great extent by the action
of wheat, business being comparatively light.
There was heavy selling of -May and- July early
by. a leading commission hous?. local scalpers
taking the . property. The Western situation Is
the strong feature and we believe its influence
will be felt -in this market. There is a good
cash demand and offerings are light. ; We be
lieve in buying it on all reactions." ..'
Large Yellow. $1 Z'Mal 45: email round do
$1 35®1 47%; white. «1 40ffll 50 per ctl.
, RYE — Quoted at 90@95c per ctl."
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 65@1 75 per
ctl. . . '¦¦¦ ': ,, . ¦ ¦ ' - ¦ \r
Informal Seaslon—^9:15 o'clock — December —
14.000 ctls, $1 08%..: . ..¦;¦' . .
-. Second Session— No • sales. . •
-Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctls,
$1 11%;. 4000. $1 11%. December— SOO0, $1 08%;
10,000, fl 08%. .",-<•
BARLEY — The week closed ¦ on ' a dull and
easy market.*; No transactions of any conse
quence I were ¦' reported. I
- Feed, U5@»6%c for No. 1 and 92%@9354c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping : grades, 'J7%o
mi: Chevalier, $1@1 20. ?
CALL BOARD SALES.
•'The local crowd on reported rains: in. the
Southwest % went - home i short of . wheat last
night, and as a result there was active cover
ing in initial dealings this morning, which re
sulted in a higher opening. The weather map
showed no rains of consequence over the • win
ter wheat belt, and while the barometer indi
cates . a possible j) change in . the weather ¦ by
Monday . there is nothing ¦ to . indicate that . the
much-needed ; rain will . be forthcoming. There
was heavy selling throughout the session by a
leading local • operator. Buying was . scattered
and of a local character, the large offerings
having been almost .wholly absorbed by local
scalpers. • - The market is a weather one and
in : the absence of - general rains over Sunday
we shall not be surprised to see higher prices
Monday morning.^ Should rain come prices will
no doubt yield, but unless it is general we- be
lieve that on any . break wheat should be
bought." ¦*.,.-' ! . , ::¦' ..".¦¦ • -- *-"
This' market was unchanged- as to shipping
grades, but rather higher on caJl. •
Spot Wheat ¦— Shipping, $1 11%; milling.
$1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
WHEAT— Paris futures were lower. ' Liver
pool showed no change. ,
Chicago advanced lc. The only buying. was
by shorts -to -even ., up.; over.- Sunday. ,The
weather continued. the controlling factor. Fri
day's showers over the winter wheat belt were
scattered i and ¦' insignificant, " the ' heaviest ( fall
anywhere A being % . inch. Yesterday ' the
whole I West - was clear and , cool, with . a clear
forecast for. to-day. • The market was nervous,
with, more 'buyers than ..sellers, though ;ths
sentiment ¦ was .bearish. !¦ The outside 'support
was insufficient to 1'eep the advance going.
Kansas City was l%e up. ." . . ~ /
The Chicago letter, of. Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. says: —v •' • '"¦' . ¦ : ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ' •
Wheat and: Other Grains.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 20 iLlttle Chief 11
Alice ... 60 Ontario. ... ....9 00
Greece j 60 IDphlr 1 10
Brunswick Con.. 18 IPhoenix ... .... 06
Tunnel 05%'Potosi 20
Con CSil & Va..l 25 Savage ... /.... 10
Dead wood Terra. 60 Sierra Nevada . 20
Horn Silver 1 40^ Small Hopes ... 05
Iron Silver .... 70 Standard ... ...3 40
Leadville Con ... 05
Inter Power 3,800 168-164 ;165%
Laclede Gas ...... 300 80 89 89
National Biscuit '.. COO 50 VJ 50 " 50 Vi
National Lead ' 300 19% «19tf 19>i
North American .; 3,200 130% 129 129
Pacific Coast , .... . . 70
Pacific Mail ...... 200-42% 42% 42%
Pressed Steel Car. . ..: ... 40^
Pressed g c pfd... 200 83% 83% 63%
Pullman Faiace Car 2.400 J ... .... 237
Republic Steel 2,400 18Vi 18U 18
Rep Steel pfd ;'.... 4,600 74% 73%' 73%
Sugar 3,400 j3o 12s 128»/*
Tenii Coal and Iron 11,200 72U 71« 72
Union B & P Co...- ..... i«
Union B & p pfd ¦" "¦¦ 80 ;
U S Leather ...... ' I3
% c i*tl her P fd --- 200 84Ts 84% 84%
u o KuDoer ...*.... ....¦' - 17"'
U S Rubber pfd... ' 400 60'$i 60% 60
US Steel 3.100 .42^ 42% 4281
Ub Steel pfd 14,700 93% 92U . 93
Western Union 12,400 94% 03% 84/
Shares Soid .... .900.800 -
NEW YORK. BONDS. .,
V, I re l Z* re «---I0«%|L. & N unif 4s. .'.102%
U Srefls coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s.. 84%
HI I s re * !<«*% Do 1st ino-.... 84
U S 3t cous ....109}a Minn & St L 4s.. 101%
U| n.w^reg.138 M K& Texas is. 101
U S new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds . . . .... . 83V 4
S'c c Ia f 9 re *-- ni H N Y Cen lsts...lO3%
U S old 4s coup.lllVi Do gen 3%s ...109
U S 6s reg ......105% n J Cen -gen 5s>..141
L S 5s coun .....107 Northern Pac 4s..lO5»i
Atchlson gen 4s..lO3Ji Do 3s ... .... 74*.
Do adjust 4s... 93 Norf & W con 4s:10Uj,
Ba >t & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s .. 93U
go 3%s Wl% StL & I M con 5s.ll<J%
Do conv 4s ....110 St L & S F" 4s. ..101
Can South 2ds...lO8 St L S W lsts. . .100
Central of Ga 5s,112T4 Do 2ds . .. S«%
Do 1st inc .... 87% San A & A P 4s. 01%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l0o% Southern Pac 4s.. 05
Chi & Alton 3%s. to% Southern Ry 5s. .12:5
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Texas & Pac lsts.120%
C M&StP gen 4s.ll6 Tol St L.& W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 7s.l36% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
CRilft Pac 4s. 113% Do conv 4s...: 110
CCC&St L gen 4s. 104% Wabash lsts 119%
Chi Terminal 4s. 90% Do 2ds 110-Ti
Colo & South 4s.. 96% Do deb B .... 77Vi
Denver & R G 46.1fti% West Shore 4s...ll;5^,
Erie prior Hen 4s. 100% W & L Erie 4s.V91«4
Do gen 4s 88 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 03
Ft W & D C lsts.115 Con Tob 4s ..... 65%
Uocklng Val 4V4s.Hl .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — ?4 86 .
Sterling . Cables, sight... ....... — - 4 SS-,4
Sterling Cables ......... ... — ' 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight — ¦ 15 »
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . . 17Vj
Silver, 1 per ounce — 52%
Mexican Dollars, , nominal . .'. . . . — ' 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
' UNITED STATES BONDS. '
Bid. Ask. i . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill %112 4s qr c (new) 130*4139*1
4s qr reg...in%ni%!3s qr coup. .109^110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. 90 — OcSSCo 5». — 100
Bay.CPC 5s .107% — Omnibus ... — _
Cal-st 5s 118 _ Pac G Im 4s. 96«1100U
C Costa 5s.. 110 Vi — Pk&CH6s.lO7 —
£ d 6s. — — Pic & o Rfis.117* 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
?,'^r st 3s - — — Sac EGR Ss.102% —
H C&S bYit. — — SF & SJV5a. 120^121
Do 5s 8794101 Sierra Cal 6s — 115U
L An( R 5a.llS>/3llOVi S P of 'A,- 6a
LA L Co 63.103 105 (190»> ....113^114
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) U4% —
Do gtd Bs.lO2%104»i S P of.C 6a
L A & P 5s. 1021,4 — (19C5)Sr A.IOG^ —
Do lem 5S.102H — (1906)Sr B.107^ —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (190«) 100 110
Dp lem 68.121 121% (1912) ....119%121
N R of C 8s.U2 — S p of C 1st
-Do fis ....120%121^i c gntd 5s.. 120 —
JY Pac C 6s. 109% — Po stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 5s. 114% — SP Br Cal6s.l39 —
Oak Gas 6s. — 114 S V Wat 6s. — 111%
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Da 4s 2dm. — 104
1 Do 1st c5s.H4%115% Do 4s 3dm.— 102
Oak W G 53.103 — Stkn G&E63.102 104
- -'- . WATER STOCKS. ' • £
Contra Costa — 77ft I Port Costa.. 63% 66
Uarin Co. ... 60 — Bpring Val.. 82V4 92%
.; • GAS AND ELECTRIC. -
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light. ..45
Eqt G-L Co. 3& 3% Sac E G&R. — 35
Mutual . — 4% 3 F G & E.. 44 44%
O G L & II. MY* 60 S F G L Co. 6U 6
Pac a Imp. . 36% 37 Stktn G & D. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.265 — / .-
BANKS.
Amer B & T.103%112% First NatlonI — — .
Ansrlo-Cal .. — 91 L P & A..;. .167 —
California ..425 426 Mer Ex (llq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp. 119% — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 2000 — ;Sav & Loan. — 95
Humboldt ¦/. — — Igecurity Sav.330 373
Mutual Sav.. 80 lUnlon Trst.1825 —
S F Say U^. 520 — r
STREET RAILROADS. " _^
California ..167% — IMarket 100 — .
Seary — 6O iPresidio -35 —
POWDER.
Giant 79% 79%'Vlgorit 3 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kllauea .... — 9%
Hawaiian ..33 — Makawell .. 23% 24
Honokaa ... 10% 11 Onomea .... 25 —
Hutchinson .12ft — Paauhau ... 11. 12!4
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 162%iPac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.lO.tHKH'* i Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100% 101 V» Par Paint... 10
Oceanic S Co 30 30% |
Morning Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 25
10 Hana Plantation Co.... :: CO
100 Hutchinson S P Co 12 50
60 Oakland Gas. s 5 oit SO
20 Oceanic S S Co 2» 5O
10 Oceanic S S Co. 29 75"
- . 10 Oceanic S S Co. 3O 25
5 Oceanic S S Co 30 00
80 Pacific Gas Imp 38 S7U
. 10 8 F Gas & Electric Co.. 44* 00
155 S F Gaa & Electric Co 44 25
10 S V Water, cash...... ..." 92 23
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s ...115 12»i
$ 15,000 Oakland Transit 5a .'.115 00
' PRODUCERS' OIL' EXCHANGE-
Morning Session.
600 California-Standard , 20
500 Four 52
2 Hanford ga ©0
8 Hanford 85 0<> '
200<> Piedmont 09
28 Reed Crude 33
500 Sterling r-. .... 1 fi^ii
700 Sterling, b 00 j 70
300 Sterling, b 90. 1 67%
MINING STOCKS.
/~The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
ICO Best & Bel... 24 1 200 Mexican 46
100 C C & Va....i 30/ 100 Ophlr 1 25
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
¦ Mornlnsr Session.
206 Best & Bet... 25 200 Mexican ..... 4«
200 Confidence ... 41 450 Ophlr ....;..! 25
100 Chollar .. 17 S00 Potosl 25
250 C C & Va 1 30 100 Sierra Nev... 23
200 C C A. Va..l 32% 2C0 Union Con... 24
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. April 19—12 m.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
<gl 75 • for . good . to chelae and tSOeg $1 for or
dinary.
CITRUS FRT-ITS— Navel Oranges,' $1@1 75
for standard, $2®2 SO for choice and $2 5O@3
for fancy: 1 extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25® 2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 50@2; Va
lencias,, $2 75@3; Malta . Blood Oranges. - $2
@3; Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 75c®$l
and. $1 25® 1 50 In halt boxes; Lemons, 75c®
$1 ' for common ' and $1 25@$1 75 for good to
choice and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. ?1
@3, including seedless:' Mexican Limes. (4 50<g>
5: Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch 'for New Or
leans and $1 56@2 for Hawaiians; Pineapples,
$3@4 per- dozen. . -
Strawberries are coming in more freely. Re
ceipts; of ' Longworths were 2S chests and - of
Malifldas 42 crates of 24 baskets each. The
Longworths were sold at 50#S5c per drawer
and the illallndas at 7@10c per basket. .
Oranges moved oft rather -slowly, although
prices showed no change. Retailers seemed to
be well supplied and prices are too high for
shipping. , At the auction sale to-morrow prob
ably 8 cars will be offered. ' Supplies of Lemons
were plentiful and sold at rather unsteady
prices. Other fruits stood about the. same. '. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Creamery, 10@20c per <¦ pound for
fancy,' 18@18%c for -firsts and . 17 He for sec
onds; dairy, 16® 18c; store Butter, 11® 15c per
pound." ¦ •
CHEESE— New, 9<f 10c; old. '¦ 9@llc; Toung
America, 8@10c: Eastern, • l.'5@15c per pound.
. EGGS— Ranch, 14@l5c, with 16c for selected
large; store, 12 \~<S He per dozen. . (
Receipts were &t,9C0 pounds- and 117 tubs of
Putter,' 2088 cases of Eggs, 5200 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and — . pounds of Eastern
Cheese. - ' . • ¦ ¦-.' - . r. -
Supplies of Eggs continue67 liberal, and every
thing except the finest ranch was weak. The
latter tre rather firm than otherwise, as they
are In > lighter supply than the other descrip
tions. liHlUWIrij* «i^'i' B 'li'SlP»lJiili>'tW l*<W>ii|kd
decline at New York and Chicago will prob
ably .shut 6ff Any further Eastern shipments,
unless the shipper can get a corresponding re
duction here. Quotations ' showed no further
change, but . the demand . was perceptibly
smaller. ¦-.--.¦•¦ .
-Cheese. was still quoted weak, with accumu
lating stocks. • i/
DRIED. FRUITS
The evaporated : apple market is more, active
and prices In some instances' have r advanced.
Iht-' movement is "! chiefly ; for' export,' jobbers
taking slight •-. interest '- in ; the : market: Stat*-,
common to good, 7®8"5ic; prime, O^^lO^c;
choice, 9%@10c; fancy,, 10%©llc. . .-.'.-
Prunes are . in moderate Jobbing - request on
nearly- all- grades, and: the feeling is steady.
Price3 unchanged. -..••; Apricots, dull and barely
steady." ¦ Peaches move • slowly but are nrmly
htl'i and unchanged. :,-, '.
PRUNES— 3%@6 : Jic- -'
APRICOTS— Royal, 10&@13c; Moorpark. 10
@l2c. ¦ ' '-" ' ''¦'• ; -¦ '¦"'¦' .*•--'• ;¦-•• ¦"-.
. PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 8@lle.
No. 8,' 4.00c; No. 9, 3.95c; No. 10. 3.90c; Nc.
11. 3.85c; No. rl2, 3.80c ; No. 13,3.80c; No/ 14.
3.80o: Standard A; 4.55c; 'confectioners' '¦ A,
4.55c; mould -A. |.10e;"cut loaf, 5.25c;: crush
ed -¦ 5.25c ;' powdered, v 4.85c; 'granulated,* 4.75c ;
cubes. 5.00c."/ '"•'- • '¦:¦ - "' •¦¦:.-
THE SA^FRANClSCOaCALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
'j. Foreign Futures.
• .LONDON. April ... ID. -^Consols. , 04%. •" Silver.
24 l-16d.' 'French rentes,' 101f ,2 &c.; Cargoes .on
passage/ ¦ buyers [ indifferent '; operators ;" English
country * markets. • <iu let : and steady.'.'- ¦•. - - .- i j- v -
- LIVERPOOL,"-* April 'f. 10.— WHEAT— Quiet-
No. ;. 1 ¦# Standard * CaliforniaT" Cs -tdfatfa 4%d •
wheat ™ in : Pdris, :, quiet; t flour i In ; Paris, .. quiet ;
French 1^ country^ markets,' steady; '. weather? in~
England, fine and'.warm.'wfiSy^^HMB
COTTON— Uplands,' 5 3-32d.: -.-¦ r -i , "; /.- ;,\ .
For Saturday business was very fair on tha
Bond Exchange. Hutchinson Sugar waa higher
at $12 SQ, Gas and Electric at * U®4 1 25 and
Oakland Gas at $59 50. Oceanic Steamship
was lower at $29 50QJ0 25, and Alaska Pack
ers' sold at $lti2@iUi" 25. Sales were in small
lots as a rule.
On the Oil Exchange Sterling was stilt high
er at $1 62%@1 70. but with smaller sales. .
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
111,092 shares, valued at $00,702. the leading
sales being as follows: California • Standard.
4900 shares;. Four. 21U0; Junction. 1000; Pet
roleum Center. 50.188; Lion. 3000; Monarch of
Arizona. 21D0; Piedmont. 13,500; Sovereign.
2725: Reed. 4138; Occidental. 1050; Sterling,
29,220.
Th§ new board of directors of the American
Bank and Trust Company has organized. P. E.
Bowles. has been elected president and James
J. Fagan cashier. The other directors are W.
H. Chickerlng. Louis F. Monteagle. George P.
McJxear. Francis Cutting and George A.
Batchelor.
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, de Ruyter &
£°; : ««.k2 mmon stock > $26®26 25; preferred.
«53^Mh02 P 8T&! Bt bOndS ' m ; * ai>scri^ ioaa '
35
a ft Sa §1 || 3
STATIONS. a |c || ?g |ft I
: * i ? : • :
Astoria 23. 8S r.4 40 SW Cloudy .52
Baker 29.74 4S 38 NW Cloudy .06
Carson 29.C8 5<S 52 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka. 2S.06 06 44 6W Pt.Cldy .0*
Fresno .- 29. S8 60 56 N Cloudy T.
Flagstaff . 2».C8 70 82 RW Cl«ar .O0
PocateUo. Id».S».64 72 5C W f Cloudy .00
Independence 28.52 80 64 N Pt.Cldy .(>0
I>3s Angeles... 29. 8G 00 B2 SW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.58 84 58 XV Clear .00
Portland 20.82 C8 44 SE Cloudy .01
Bed Bluff 29.82 64 54 SE Pt.Cldy T.
P.oseburg 29.80 58 40 N\V Pt.Cldy .00
Facramento ..29.86 IS 12 S Clear T
6alt I^ake 29.43 74 68 S Cloudy .00
San Francisco.29.08 5«J 60 "W Clear : . T
S. L. Obispo.. 29.94 <52 CO W Clear .00
San Die«o 29.88 U0 60 NTf Cloudy .00
SeatUe 29.S2 50 42 W Pt.Cldy 04
Spokane .:...29.80 54 44 SW Cloudy .52
Neah Bay 29.80 50 62 E Cloudy .14
"Walla Walla.. 29. 80 58 44 gW Pt.Cldy SS
¦Wirinemucca .29.70 ffi M p Cloudy .04
Yuma 29.58 »6 00 8 Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
te
si
:ur-'
u
:e:
1Mb
a!'.
a:i
t«rtf
-eka
1 B
rani
i K:
HN
I U
¦ A:
I 1)1
an .
a . . .
Jluff.
aent<
'ranc
) . ..
;nder
'Uis
>iee:o.
Frat
Last ij Thfs l*st
¦*¦ - * 24Hours. ~ S«:ason. Season.
......... .05 47.12 44.58
Trac< 29. T3 22. «S
. Trace 1«.X2 17.50
co 00 17.3« 18.99
Trace 0.46 10. 39
¦ CO 4.23 5.81
lispo 00 21.27 27. R7
00 10.4S 14.18
00 5.81 10.00
isco data: Maximum temperature.
follc
res \
l ..
nati
lelph
mvjl]
nrl-oi
fork.
mtt
rial
a. 47: mean. 52.
ing maximum and minimum tem-
re r*pon<=-<l from Eastern t tat ions:
52-<0; Kansas City 72-44
0S-50jDuluth tA-30
04-40;Omaha PC-40
CS-50 1 Chicago Oi-if.
...,..(M-« St Louis 70-50
M-42iSalt Lake City...7S-58
a ft Sa §1 || 3
STATIONS. a |c || ?g |ft I
: * i ? : • :
Astoria 23. 8S r.4 40 SW Cloudy .52
Baker 29.74 4S 38 NW Cloudy .06
Carson 29.C8 5<S 52 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka. 2S.06 06 44 6W Pt.Cldy .0*
Fresno .- 29. S8 60 56 N Cloudy T.
Flagstaff . 2».C8 70 82 RW Cl«ar .O0
PocateUo. Id».S».64 72 5C W f Cloudy .00
Independence 28.52 80 64 N Pt.Cldy .(>0
I>3s Angeles... 29. 8G 00 B2 SW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.58 84 58 XV Clear .00
Portland 20.82 C8 44 SE Cloudy .01
Bed Bluff 29.82 64 54 SE Pt.Cldy T.
P.oseburg 29.80 58 40 N\V Pt.Cldy .00
Facramento ..29.86 IS 12 S Clear T
6alt I^ake 29.43 74 68 S Cloudy .00
San Francisco.29.08 5«J 60 "W Clear : . T
S. L. Obispo.. 29.94 <52 CO W Clear .00
San Die«o 29.88 U0 60 NTf Cloudy .00
SeatUe 29.S2 50 42 W Pt.Cldy 04
Spokane .:...29.80 54 44 SW Cloudy .52
Neah Bay 29.80 50 62 E Cloudy .14
"Walla Walla.. 29. 80 58 44 gW Pt.Cldy SS
¦Wirinemucca .29.70 ffi M p Cloudy .04
Yuma 29.58 »6 00 8 Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
te
si
:ur-'
u
:e:
1Mb
a!'.
a:i
t«rtf
-eka
1 B
rani
i K:
HN
I U
¦ A:
I 1)1
an .
a . . .
Jluff.
aent<
'ranc
) . ..
;nder
'Uis
>iee:o.
Frat
Last ij Thfs l*st
¦*¦ - * 24Hours. ~ S«:ason. Season.
......... .05 47.12 44.58
Trac< 29. T3 22. «S
. Trace 1«.X2 17.50
co 00 17.3« 18.99
Trace 0.46 10. 39
¦ CO 4.23 5.81
lispo 00 21.27 27. R7
00 10.4S 14.18
00 5.81 10.00
isco data: Maximum temperature.
follc
res \
l ..
nati
lelph
mvjl]
nrl-oi
fork.
mtt
rial
a. 47: mean. 52.
ing maximum and minimum tem-
re r*pon<=-<l from Eastern t tat ions:
52-<0; Kansas City 72-44
0S-50jDuluth tA-30
04-40;Omaha PC-40
CS-50 1 Chicago Oi-if.
...,..(M-« St Louis 70-50
M-42iSalt Lake City...7S-58
CHICAGO. p^fkJ^pEXvpHlA* BOSXOiV*
J. L. McLean & Co..
Main Office s
25 Broad St , New Yorki
¦ ¦ ¦ . . : - : r . ;;
- • - f Ch lea jro Board of .Trade.
Members 1 New Ycrk Produce Exchange.'
(.Consolidated Stock Exchange. N. T.
STOCKS, BONDS, GRAIN
OrJera executed for Investment or margin.
Send for our new Eigbiy-Pag* Illustrated
WALL-STREET GUIDE
Just published. Dally Letter - on application.
BRANCHES!.
501 Rookery Bids.. Chicago.
. 435 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia.
85 Devonshire st.. Boston.
Private .wires to all offices and exchanst*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
36
HELP WAJiiTED— -FEMALE— Con. A
PANTS operators . and pants finishers ' wanted ¦
by S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27
Geary st. ¦ ¦ ¦ . . :.. .
RELIABLE house 1 has position for good, keen,
-.middle-aged business woman. Box 4987, Call.
EXPERIENCED Ironer. 656 Mission St.. third
.floor. .-¦. •.¦-¦¦ j -. •
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles* under-
wear. 656 Mission St., third floor. '
WANTED^- Improvers I • and j | apprentices for
dressmaking. • 130 Post St., room 20. •
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over-
skirts; good pay. .656 Mission St., third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' walsU; «
good pay. 656 Mission et., .third floor.
WANTED — Good laundress. $1 50 a day; call
Sunday morning. 1412 Washington st.
WANTED— An Improver . for dress making at
- 253 Scott st. *•- i .-.. -
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market Et/ • . ; ¦• ,. ;
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' coats. Ap-
ply-W. BARON. 22 and 24 Grant ave. ~ .-- '
A FIRST-CLASS waitress; $8 per week.
BREUSS CAFE. 70 Third st.
GIRLS wanted; factory hands; apply at once.
Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front St.
WANTED — First-class Ironers. Oakland Laun-
dry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth st., Oakland.
YOUNG girl to learn cigarette making. Apply
I at 424 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer: state experience
and where last employed. Box 4807. Call.
EXPERIENCED tucker on power; good pay.
121 Post St., third floor, room E.
A FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 32 Joke St..
near Stockton. . ''-*.*
WANTED— First-class fitter for a cloak and
suit house In Oakland. Box 7411. Call office.
GOOD singing and dancing soubrette to double
with comedian. Address box 2. 300 Hayes.
WANTED — First-class hairdresser at 234
* O'Farrell st. MRS. STEENBERGEK.
WANTED — First-class talloress on pants. 504
' Broadway, room 33. ____
GOOD pants finishers: also apprentices; steady
work ; good pay. 407 Turk st.
GIRL for housework; 2 In family. 1010 Santa
. Clara ave., Alameda. - '
YOUNG lady with small capital as traveling
partner; good paying business. Box 1624,
Call office.
SKILLED operators in facial massage. Call on
Fanny Briggs Carr Los Angeles Face Prepa-
ration Co., Mondays, 11 a. m., 123 Stockton.
OPERATORS and button-hole makers on vests;
good wages. 766 Geary at. i_
WANTED— Second girl; small ' family: wages
. $20; call Monday. 1020 Green; ref. required.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. Apply, ready
for work, at LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123 Post.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer ; state experience
and where last employed.. Box 4807, Call.
GIRL, to assist tailor; call early. 1274 Union
street. * - - ' '
GLOVE makers wanted; steady work. Apply
¦ 369 Hayes st. ¦. ' -
APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
WOOD & CO., -27 Geary St.- ¦
OPERATORS on golf and dress shirts; highest
prices. D. C. HEGER. 723 Market st.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
REFINED Intelligent woman 20 to 30 rears of
age to assist with duties for training school
for little girls; outside work: one with knowl-
edge of music and plain sewing; hours, 9:30
to 5. two evenings weekly: salary $40
mcnthly. Box 4950, Call office.
GIRLS, learn . a money-making trade; become
something besides servants; be smart; take
advantage of a good thing; learn hairdress-
ing; requires only two weeks; if you bring
this ad. it costs only $3 50. including mani-
curing, massage, shampooing, hair work, etc. ;
our pupils earn from $50 to $75 per* month;
* private customers as well as the leading
stores furnish- them work: we want two
young women Immediately to fill two posi-
tions; evening class for working girls. S. F.
HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary St..
rooms 13-15. ; ¦ r:r < „-.•-_,• > ¦ .
EXPERIENCED operators can find steady
. work at highest pay; also have a few ma-
. chines empty for girls about 16 years of age
to learn. Standard: Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.- •
LEARN, proofreading: sits, secured.. $15 to $25
" wkly. ; 1 Home I Correspondence School. Phila.
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
atsertion:* good opportunity for right party.
F. FERSON. room 412.- Parrott building, j
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles" waists, etc. ;
take work home. H. FREIDLANDER. 338
Fell st. . , . ¦- .
WANTED — 5 girls to learn hairdresslng. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions- waiting; private ' customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and . evening class.
College, 233 Geary nt.. rooms 13*19.
Hairdresslng, massage; j manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks., $5.^College, 1238
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S.
.' N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced shirt makera, EAG-
LESON & CO.. B35 Market at. ...-•'
GIRLS 14 to 17. for factory work. Apoly at
once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096
Valencia ¦ st. * - . > . ' - * ¦
; HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT THE CAL: EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st., phone Bush 408.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE -FARE .'...FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers... ..... $2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS. ¦ . -i 1 - *,
26 sawmill hands and men for lu-ober woods,
$26 to $65 month and board, . fare advanced.
1 experienced 'edgerman.V $3 per day
1 head setter or screw turner.. ....$3 per. day
•B laborers, city. 8 hours...*.*. ..".$1 75 per day
Fruit pantryman,- city hotel, $30 per month:
experienced driver 2-horse wagon, city, $2 per
day: marble cutter,*, country, $4 50 per day;
- blacksmith's .helper, country, $2 50 per "day;
10 laborers, city, $2 per day; 5 scraper team-
: ; sters, country, $30 per month and board, to-
. day; office open Sunday till 12 m. CAL,
. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 50 Third st.
A'..... "..:..... TO-DAY. SUNDAY
...:.:....... TO-DAY, SUNDAY..
AtC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 420 Bush* it!
. . .. . .' ... .'. Wanted , for Nevada , .......
¦ 2000 teamsters and laborers . $2 : to $2 25
' 100 laborers. . concrete work............ $2
10 blacksmiths .....:.:.... .-* .$3
Free fare.. ..Free fare ..Free fare
C. R. HANSEN fc CO 429 Bush st.
¦ MECHANICAL draughtsman;' only * first-class
. manneed apply; technical man preferred; n<
attention paid ¦ to answers unless giving f ui
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4810. Call of flee.
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work.
with established firm, $15 to $17 week- pe£
manent place: must have some cash BROWN
& CO.. 1221 Market St.. , upstairs. . v
MAN 'familiar; with handling team willing to
¦ take full charge of express business and buy
1 an interest in same. Call to-day, 1437 Devis-
adero at. * ... ,.
2 FIRST-CLASS picture agents on new article-
. must be A No." 1 on sample case; 110 a week
and commission; call 'to-day. (Sunday) 828
..*. Sixteenth St.. Oakland. • aaay >- «"?
WANTEDr-Young man. . 16 to 17 years old-
steady position, to right party; good wares :
must have references. . E. MESSAGER. 145
WANTED— First-class carpenters for new By-
.. ron Springs Hotal. Apply, at once at Byron
..- Springs, or at room 413,-Claus Spreckels bldg.
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house: must
. ( be. graduate grammar school and well recom-
- mended; no cigarette smokers., Box 4928,* Call.
WANTED-f Man ' for light i work ; no experience
1 necessary ;.; good »¦ wages; -requires $150. 835
. Market 'st.,- room 14. ;\ .
A - FIRST-CLASS rsstaurant butcher. Breuss
Cafe.,70 Third st.'.y ¦• -^
PLUMBER or- gas fitter wanted for new work
¦Call 623: Davis St., by 8 o'clock > Monday. .
WANTED— Marble letterer;V steady Job. 234
'- Fifth st.,, . ; : ; :;, ' .
A-^STEADY ' , man , with $200 cash > can make
; $100 month, year round. ; 20» Kearny at.
WANTED— Wagon • blacksmith and helper 5S7
- ¦*- Brannin " st; : . . *, : ; ¦¦'
BOY wanted: ; Applyj after : 0 a. m," at • HAR-
SHALL'8, 12 : Kearny ¦ st.
MEETINGS— -SUyDAY-^-Contlnoed;^
TESTS; 909 Market, rear hall: 11. free; 2-8;
' Swan, Maxwell, McKee. Wrenn, Horton;
others. ¦-*.-¦ - - '
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c.' 148 sixtn.
MRS. St'ODDARD'S convincing test circles,
10c; Sen.. Tuesday; readings dally. 2<S nth.
TESTS; front hall; 11-8 free; 2 election of offl-
cers. 909 Market. Wilson. Secly, HodB&on.
MEETINGS Unlvewal ' Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL ¦ Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society— Lodge 7 will hold a public meeting
at 310 O'Farrell St.. 8 o'clock, this evening.
Dr. Gertrude Van Pelt of Point Loma and
other speakers on living subjects; 'musical
selections; all Invited. ' ¦ • '•
MEETING NOTICES. V--
A SPECIAL meeting of San «rt_*>
Francisco Consistory No. .1, _A_jn«/_k
A and A. Scottish Rite of i??»S;N»«J*
Freemasonry, will be held in mam£»k$
Commandery Hall. Masonic 9* fMf*^ . jB
Temple, on SUNDAY. Aprll l 7_^*A'j_^_.^
2o, l:K)2. at I p. m.. to attend '3, rt* l»fc
the funeral obesequies of our x *£?£f'
late brother, DAN J. EDGAR, ,
thirty-second decree.
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
MEMBERS of the Past Masters' Asso- ,m
elation of California will assemble JJ%_
at the Masonic Temple SUNDAY, TfcX
April 20. at 2 o'clock, for the purpose ' '
of attending the funeral services of our late
brother. DAN JOSEPH EDGAR, past mas-
ter of Mount Mcrlah Lodge No. 44. 3y or-
der of the presidtnt.
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MOUNT MCRIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re-.^V-
ppectfully requested to assemble at X>_K
the Temple. SUNDAY. April 20. 1902. / XT_>
at 2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of at-
i tending the funeral obsequies of our late
brother P. M-. DAN JOSEPH EDGAR. 'By
I order of. the W. M.
THEO. FROLJCH, Secy.
ALL Odd Fellows who desire to <g*_B^.
attend the eighty-third anniver-
sary picnic SATURDAY, April
26. at Camp Taylor, will kindly ""**?*
meet at the Sausalito ferry in time. to take
the 9:30 boat. Tickets. $1: children. 5Oc.
THE COMMITTEE.
ST. ANDREW'S Society — Members - a«_
are requested to attend the fun- tSUy
eral of our late fellow member, > K»v4_£ic
JOSEPH AUSTIN. TO-DAY (Sun-
i day), at 3 o'clock, from- Westminster Pres-
I ¦ byterian- Church.
JAMES ROLPH Jr.. President.
GEORGE ST. J. BREMSER. Secretary.
DINNA forget the St.- Andrew's, v «r_-
picnic. Fairfax Park, SATUR- t»WJ
DAY. May 3. An excellent pro- tJj__X&?
gramme of games and prizes has
been arranged : boats leave Sausalito ferry
at 7 and 9:30 a. m. and 12:43 p. m. Tickets,
adults, 50c; children, 25c.
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth 1 %_f sZ
grand annual patherins and games 3L Ui_U
a*. Shell Mound Park, Berkeley,
May 30, 1902. .
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secy. *
GRANDEST excursion of the season _a
will take place at Fernbrook Park. gt_fe»£s4
Niles Canyon, on SUNDAY. May 4, KggSc?
under the auspices of the Austrian »*Y__2S
Military and Benevolent Association. /** •
A tombola of 100 cash prizes will be drawn, j
A good time is assured. THE COMMITTEE.
EATON'S Branch. Hermetic Brotherhood; open
meeting. Thursday evening. 1 8 o'clock. 50»
Van Ness ave.
ENGROSSING,
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Buy. College. 2t Post St.
~y*jffiAPOPTl ON.
A BLONDE or brunette girl baby 3 months
old for adoption, from swell parents; only
responsible parties need apply. Mrs. Emilie
Funke's Maternity Villa; secluded and con-
fldential.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Either sex; my plan shows
how you may increase your income without
any capital, outfit or previous experience; my
plan does not interfere with any occupation
you may be engaged in. because no one need
know you are my representative. If you are
out of work you can earn $100 per month
working for me. You can learn how to work
for me successfully in five minutes' time, and !
the work is strictly honorable, legitimate and
permanent. Address W. M. GRIFFIN, Key
104, Fort Wayne, Ind., for free particulars.
I do not want one penny of your money.
AGENTS— $10 dally, introducing our Brilliant 1
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight ; these burners are what the peo-
"ple are looking for; they do not require a
chlmney(to break)or wick to trim. & make no
smcke and dirt: fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker
foi agents;^200 per cent profits-write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati. Ohio.
AGENTS everywhere — Write quick for great-
est money-making proposition ever offered:
no experience required; success absolutely
assured: promotion for good workers. C
C. KEENBELL CO., Philadelphia.
AGENTS— Do you want sometl.li/g more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS -AT LAW. '
E. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills,' mort-
gages, partnerships. attachra:nts, collections,
etc.: lesral papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick: quiet!
no charge without success; established 16 yrs. I
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market «t.. cor. Stockton. |
ADVICE free;- open -every evening; low fees:'
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels Mdg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year. ;
BICYCLES— -For Sale or Exchange.
BICYCLE bargain ; fo7^7ale?^T)Igh^grau>
wheels, nearly new, perfect condition; for
lady and gentlemen; matched. FRANCES
796 Sutter st. ' •-¦ . ¦ .
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st. «
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums ;. bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Little girlito'b^ard^in^c^ntrrriood
care given. A. L., Sonoma, Sonoma Co., Cal.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ;
A A. STENBERG. . . . . . .7.7 .^177*
795 Market st... ..Tel. Black 5491
.....Money Advanced on Any Business.'....
...If You Want Invest In a Good Business..
' ...Or Sell Your Merchandise...
For Cash
............Why Don't- You See.......... j.
; A. STENBERG. 769, Market st.
$500 — RESTAURANT bn Market: must be sold;
bargain. ¦ ¦ A. *. STENBERG, 759 Market st.
A. ..:..... -.:-... $350 ;
RESTAURANT
Must be sold at once; rent only $30.- For sale
only by A. STENBERG, .759 Market St.- -
A— $1200; SALOON, city front; . clears "$300
month: rent $20. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— $575; DELICACY- store: receipts $16 day
. rent $18; bargain. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— 30 CIGAR stands;' prices, $75 to - $2000;
renU $6 to $125 -monthly;, profits $2; to $7
dally. HEDGES, 461-462 - Parrott ¦ building.
$300— PARTNER , wanted In -light business;
suited to plain," steady man satisfied with
$18 to $25 a week; no experience required; no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
• buy. 25 Geary st., room 4. .
$2500— A FINE drug business; right; en main
etreet; established for 20 years; consists* of
a good large stock staple patent medicines;
fixtures are the best; :ls. paying well; snap
for any one familiar with this line ¦*¦.-
E. J. STEWART & CO.V ->
1008 • Broadway. .. Oakland. ,
! IF you have $2500 to. Invest in legitimate, hon-
1 orable • proposition, with employment ! If de-
sired that will probably net you at least $150
per month; principals only; no agents Box
4881. ; Cair office. . . ; ¦ /. .
FOR' Sale or exchange; quick: a printing plant:
worth $3000; .for, half-price; will take mostly
all in Printing; cause,- a change in, business
desired. 762 Seventh' St.. -Oakland, cal. ', v*
RELIABLE : man. with ?200 will, fine rare op-
portunity for ; rapid money .' making in * estab-
lished, legitimate business; open to fullest
Investigation. 765 -Market 'st. 1 , room 3.,
A GOOD Investment— A- manufacturing' busi-
ness- wants $20,000 . additional capital; the
businessls well established and paying large
dividends and is. Increasing to -the necessity
. -' for extra capital to allow further and natural
¦ developments.;. Add. p.t O. ; box 294,'j Oakland.
WANTED— A partner. with ' $300 to join me in
the real estate business. Box '4955, • CalL- .
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTIIESSES
PATTERNS;; patterns," 'patterns-^Pattern : open-
ing; latest styles from N.,Y. ; come and exam-*
• ; , Ine . and : visit ¦ the largest and . best I conducted
[ school on the coast; special | Inducements ¦. to
,'; pupils entering this -week; millinery course
¦ unsurpassed. ,¦*¦ McDowell School , 1019 Market.
McDOWELL' Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
: EDUCATIONAL. ¦
HEALD^sTsCHOOL OF. ELECTRICAL ENGI-
:NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
: tlon, - laboratory, and shop work; thoroughly
.'practical; day and night.' 24 Post tit., S. F.; '¦
(Catalogue free. ; - ¦
A YRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market :
'¦¦ — $8 per month; $50 life 'scholarship guaran- 1
tees a complete bus. ¦¦¦ education; shorthand, .
•*.'«¦¦, typing, bookkeeping, - arithmetic, penmanship,
.spelling, Spanish. . etc. ; experienced teachers;
-new typewriters ; positions secured ; cat. free.
GOLDEN, GATE Com'l ; College, . 530 Golden
Gate ave., S.yF.— Special spring and summer
term; bookkeeping, shorthand, penmanship
and I English ; : get Information ; position soon
/as qualified.
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
.air expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrot building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market St..; on or about May 1, 1P02.'
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
*-.S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦ school for. thp . university, ¦ law and- medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
> Stanford professor. ; Phelan building. Sj
FRENCH "lady knowing perfectly . French lan-
guage gives lessons : at ¦ ¦ pronunciation and
writing ¦ to .little boys and girls. ¦ 831 Sutter
St.; WM. BERTH.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet, School,
: associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
SHORTHAND or business education for young
man ' or woman In • exchange for few . hours'
work dally. S. F.. Bus. College. 1236 Market.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey,- assay, cyanide; day. eve, ; est. 1864.- Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall."
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and . college graduates . perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
.modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 31
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty.: S. F. Business College. 1236 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
struction; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
SPANISH, French. etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
¦of Languages.320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
* class, $1 mo. - 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, gratnmar, writing,
* etc. ;' day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall • or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
..teacher. 1008 Mission: instruments selected.
SPANISH classes and private practical teach-
ing. PROF. MAYA (from Madrid) 216 Eddy.
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Par-
rott. building (Emporium). . '
I DANCING quickly taught: private or class.
! BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SB3: new 80-patre catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.665 Mission; tel. John 3856.
' .'FINANCIAL. _______ "_
5979^0~slJA3tE^o7^hT^p7taT~s7ocir^'7he
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on
March 21st;. the time for, confirmation of the
1 sale by the Superior Court has been set for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m.. in Department
I 9; any person may appear In Court on that
j , day and overbid the purchasers: the highest
j bidder, if the price Is satisfactory to .the
Court, will secure the property. • For other
property of the estate for sale same day. see
"Country Real Estate" and "City R^al Es-
-tate" columns of this paper. For all infor-
mation aptily to
McGLYNN.& MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,' Room
22. Chronicle building. .
CAPITAL PROCURED.
- Stock Companies Organized.
¦ Stocks and: Bonds Sold.
MERITORIOUS ¦ ENTERPRISES
/FINANCED.
L. L. JACKSON/ '
j 60 Broadway. N. Y. Established 18S5.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new'method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
ue. Pac. Stat°s Mlnlng&Invest. Co.. 326 Post..
r $5C00 TO . be . loaned on real estate security . by
! May 1; no agents.- Box 4tW3. Call office.
j FURNITURE WANTED.;
A. WOLLPERT.' 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; teL Red 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
reasons. P. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
¦' .>.'". GLOVES. *
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted; kept 1b repair. 121 Grant ave. .
¦¦HELr- " VV _ A _ N .T EP^~ FEMA - LE -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone 1 Grant 185
I:. HOTEL 'DEPARTMENT .........
Hotel housekeeper; experienced , only wanted.*.
....:..........: ............ ......$35
Head waitress, summer resort $35
O' waitresses, - same spring ¦• ..:'... $20
Cook, Yosemlte Valley, see boss here..... $30
Waitress, f-ame. place .' .....$20
Mother and daughter,' chambermaid and
. ' nurse, boss here Monday $25
' Woman, general .work; resort, boss here
*.* Monday .':..'.'.'...... $25
ft waitresses, -mining: towns, fares paid... $20
2 waitresses, summer resort, boss here... $20
Chambermaid and waitress, summer .resort.
.......... ........$20
Pantry girl' ........ ......$25
.*' Masseur for springs ........ .' . . . ...... $25
¦".: ....... . FAMILY ' DEPARTMENT
' Houseglrl, Sausalito, ¦- see , boss here,' $20;
* houseglrl. three 1 in family, * Alameda, $30;
cook ond second girl, small* family. ; Bakers -
I field. $50; bousegirl. Mountain View." $25; 25
1 -'liouseglrte^clty. $15-$30; second- girls, nurse-
girls ...T..
C R. HANSEN & CO.:.....' 429 Bush St.
, (Opposite ; California , Hotel.) - f
A— MISS or MRS.' CURTIS.' the hotel house-
,* keeper.', please call or send , address to C. R.
HANSEN.' & CO., 429 Bush st.-. . '-. .
WANTED — 8 "cooks,' $25. $30: 7.'seco'nd girls,
¦ '$20, $25; 2 nurseglrls, $15, $20; housekeeper,'
- $20; restaurant waitress, $7; 7 hotel waitress-
es, , city and country.- $20 and $25; ironer In.
, laundry.. $9 week; Infant's nurse, $25; 2 par-
kier maids, $25;'9O housework girls,, city, at
¦- $20. t $23.' $30; ¦¦ housework, . 2 ( in . family, San
Rafael, no washing,' $30; air kinds of house-
work In nice American and German families:
call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 33i
sutter et.- .;;. ¦¦:...-¦
. NO EXPERIENCE . NECESSARY ; TO , LEARN
I ' : ; HOW TO SEW. OVERALLS: , WE \ TEACH
YOU FREE OF, CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI 'STRAUSS ;&. CO.,' C2& FREMONT
A— WANTED— 6 more girls at 1236 Market st.^
" room 94, to learn hairdresslng, massage, -man-
-lcurlng, ventilating, bleaching; dyeing, switch.
' wig making, etc. ; 2 weeks. $5; : we get posl-
•*'-" tions, for our girls where they can earn good
¦'money; day and evening classes.
LAr GRANDE LAUNDRY; -
> Wants twenty: girls.- with or. without experi-
-'Vence; ¦ skilled hands paid highest union wages,'
/.'¦Apply, between 7 and 12 o'clock. 228 Twellth.
' .WANTEDr-A ; 1 espectable . young fwoman to* do
1 a little housework and cooking: must sleep at
'. home. ;• Apply > at 322 Clementina St., between
¦ ...Fourth and Fifth. ...*•,,;' - il-; ¦¦",¦.?:-.-. . ¦:,
' WANTED-^A 'woman- with references for Wat-
¦';- sonvllle to assist in the care of children. ; For
'¦¦¦¦¦ particulars apply : or write ¦ 2234 Atherton st.*;
¦ •'• Berkeley.? * : ; - ,'. 'i '" ¦ '¦'..-"¦"¦;'-¦ ¦'. . .':' : ':¦ ¦", ¦ -.
¦ $25 TO $35 week guarantd.; theatrical; 5 ladies
- and 3. gents; no experience 1 necessary. , Cald-
1 well ' College , Oratory • & Acting, 1 1327 iMarket.
WANTED-^-Experienced I lace ' hands ' on '.Wllcox
& ' Gibbs j machines. v» ZUCKERMAN ' BROS.,
' ' 523 : Market . st. ¦-: •¦'.'.•*:*• -:"-.V.*-: ..¦".* .¦'..:'-'¦-
EXPERIENCED,* operators -i on : muslin .". under-
*y 5 wear ' and ' corset covers : - also ; learners, >: paid '
r ;j>; while learning. = ;REYNOLDS. ; C97; Mission.. :;
LADIES-^opy, letters, ¦ $4 to • $6 week; : send
' •• stamp for .application. :¦ Monarch- Supply. Co.',
¦;:"j Dept. •: 114, 'i Chicago. ,;-. , '¦;¦¦-;:, \ . :.* .
WANTED—^Experienced '¦ crockery " saleslady :
-¦"give reference and wages expected.'- -Box 4972,
*. ;*'-CalI office.: ( ;^.s',*'.; : r:-' C-V-. <¦¦:?. !' .¦"•¦¦•' - ¦•¦• : .'..-.:.. -'
REFINED, lady. agents wanted at 330 Ellis St.;
v small' capital. * Call between i V and 2;-* ring;
right-hand bell.. ;•¦' * '}'¦'':.
•fjOnOTXG HOUSES' FOR ' SALE-— Con. 1 1
NATOMA.; 217, v ;rir.' 3d, 2 ' block's \ from ' Call—
'.'. Clean/ sunny house,! 10 rms..; gas; large yard;
I neatly furn.;i steady roomers; $32. water free. •
FOR lodging-house of 30 rooms,' we wish a man j
to manage or to rent with lease. Call at 763
Market 'st./rpomi 2. , : :.;... .-* "*." ' ¦ '/¦* •¦-.,
TO be sacrificed -on account of sickness; 14-
room house ; :. good furniture ; ' fine ' location.
Address box 4967. Call office. .:.-.¦*¦¦¦•
FOR SALE — Rooming-house,' sunny corner;'
¦Powell st. ; 42 rooms; owner going to Nome;
.-*¦ price $4000. *, Box -1494.. Call office. ; •'-¦- '¦*. ¦
SPIRITUALISM. .,
A— 25c— TEST^35c^-SEANciT:
TO-NIGHT- — TO-NIGHT.
; Psychic and Independent Slate Writing.
.' Every one receives a; communication; 'full
names and questions '¦ answered; -- write your
questions at home and bring to this seance and
receive the manifestation -that will slay akepti-'
cism on the threshold of the interview..- ¦
I BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellls.bet.FcankUn&Gough. I
¦¦¦ ¦ -¦ - ¦ ..•¦¦¦¦¦. . ~ .'. —" ] "'
BE sure and see ISMAR in her elegant new
quarters, rooms 9 and' 10, The Vendome, 1104
Market st. '
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materialiB-
• ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
¦Tues., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. \ 1084, Bush st.
MRS. J..J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1:
tetter. $2. 1164 'O'FarreU St.: Ellis car.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer.. 408 Golden
Gate ave. ; all diseases cured; hours 10-4, 7-9.
Mrs*. Seal, spiritual and cus. medium :* tobacco
habit cured or no jay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
•MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circles Sun-
day • and 8.; Tuesday, 2 p. m. f.:
BTHEL CRINDLE, materializing and vocal
seanco ¦ Sunday . evening ;; 50c. - 325 Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk* 1601; seance Sunday and , Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall.'- 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
'/¦_^CLAIRVOYANTS. ¦¦
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY,
Removed To
1104 Market St.; Corner Turk.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years . ahead ; happlTiess and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
slpht.lnto the future; If -you are in trouble of
any, kind, . discontented, unhappy or ..not satis-
fled in life, consult Ismar. for she is a prophet-
ecp- of .world-wide fame, and her name has be-
come a . proverb in • thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. Ismar. can be
consulted 'daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days from. 10 to 12 a. m.; at her office, 1)04
M*"jket St.. corner Turk. ¦:;¦¦¦'¦ I
SPECIAL — Ismar's , readings by mail nre
fully as satisfactory as those elven In person;
three questions answered. $1; full life. reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
MME. E. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and' portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advlcain all affairs of life; 25e
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560. j
ISMAR
V ¦ • Has Removed To
1101 Market st., Corner' Turk. ,
Ismar : the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
more commodlus quarters in the Vendome. 1104
Market St., corner Turk, offices 'J and 10.
where she can be consulted daily on all .affair*
oC life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sundays,
10 to 12 m. -
FREE. ''. FREE .. FREE ...... FREE
LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT AND HIGH
. PSYCHIST.
A free reading ivUl be given to any person
presenting/ this advertisement: pood for one!
week,- commencing- April 21. Readings by |
'mall. ; Hours. 11 to 3. 125 Turk st. ' j
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE.. the well-known trance
I medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket fct.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. - Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail-, 6end stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
BE sure and see ISMAR In her elegant new
.. quarters, rooms 9 and 10, The Vendome. 1104
. Market st. ¦. _ .-
MME. PORTER." "wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader.' born with double veil — second sight;
I diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies 50c.
¦ gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, gl 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISSVM/ W1LLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL STEPHANS, clairvoyant and card
.reader, 104 , Fell, I near Van , Ness; reading*
: daily 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; ladles 50c; gents $1.
MME. RAVENNA reaas life fluently: business
' advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME WALTERS. gr«>at card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c. .951; Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant; water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
¦ read accurately; L.' 25c. G. 50c. 521^ Eddy. |
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant -and high- psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th St.. room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally, i 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8.' 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
DR. A. I W. DUNLAP, clairvoyant, magnetic
healer and readings. >6Iil' Jessie st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 . pages, i sent to any address In the
United Stntpq or Canada one year. for $1.
CARPENTER AND JOBBER.
JOBBING, .office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern earpenter: reasonable. Box 4931, Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES." :;
GEORGE W.' KELLY'S Agency— No '- charge
unless successful. Room 310.- 927. Market Et.
S TO LET.
MENU) (Fair, Oaks)— New^Cottage, 7 rooms;
¦¦'. bath, furnlshed.;A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
MICHIGAN, 352— 6-room cottage; near Union
Iron Works; $12. t
COUNTRY ; BOARDING. {
WANTED— -A married- couple -and' a party of!
young men ; to : camp *. on ¦ lawn - and ¦ eat in
. house; everything .first-class: all must have
best of ref. Address M. K., Mill Valley,
Marln County, Cal. * - ; :
CARPET BEATING AND ..CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c, yd. jupholster--
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard_2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. ". 402 Sutter St.;
¦ tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM j & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; : tel.MiBsion 263.'
CITY ¦ Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. ' H.
- STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
¦ proprietor. ¦ 329 Guerrero st. ; • tel. Mission , 43. 1
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
¦ 333 Golden Gate ave. ; ; . telephone East 126.' .
J. >Ev< MITCHELL "Carpet-cleaning, and : Reno-
vatlng Co.;240'14th st.:s tel. Mission. 74., ¦'
FOR lowest prlces^ln caftiet-cleanlng ' ring up
PRICE & CO.. Howard 2475: office 15 8th st.
*¦ ¦¦ *. : ¦" •:-;
A— DR. 0\ S.' HIGGINS?: 92fMarket st.', .'Emma
:.: Spreckels . bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings,' $1 50; other fill-
l . Ings,- $1; gold and ; porcelain ¦ crowns, $5 '¦ up;
¦ plates, a fun sot of teeth that look natural
'¦and guaranteed, 1 $5 up. ,- >' !
' Painless extraction. '.. . • .
'.:. I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT for best crowns.l plates; 'bridges
.and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret,; painless method; 20 years" ex-'
.';.. perience;: no students; » advice s free: : prices
cheapest; and guaranteed; r lady .attendants.
DR. GEORGE -W.'-- LEEK,, 20 O'Farrell St.; -
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC.1 809 Market, cor.'
. 4th," r.:7.: Flood bldg.^extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
• •- crowns $3 CO up; plates, extractions | free, $4 50
1 up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.' m. ; Sundays,
'•-": » to 2.' J. , W. THATCHER;. D.D.S.; 1 Manager.
; EASY. Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st..'cor..Mason— -
; ¦ * Expert : painless ; extractors ; skilled ! operators ;
'. gas given: "lady attendant. :'IR.^C.,'ANDER-
\ SON, D. '• D. S., t proprietor, and . manager. -, .: - 4
A*: NEW. plate-— The'. "Whalebone-*— cannot • break;
: .warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 80; fillings,* BOc:
'¦ ¦ plates," $5, . full set; all work painless and tvar-
;' ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors.V24 Sixth ; st. r
PARIS DentalParlors, 235 Kearny," cor. Bush—
Full^set of teeth; $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
DR:i E.-; P.V SHEPARD.I 14 ; Gearys st.*— Expert
,,\, workmanship only treasonable; hours 10. to. 4.';
MEYER.S46 O'Farrell,'41ate -of ¦ 6 ?Turk st=-
-¦>:.. Crown i and bridge work : gas specialist.
SET-* of ; teeth 17 without 1 , plate. DR.? H. iG.
'YOUNG,- 1841 : Polk ' st.l >; v*<:
BCSIXESS CHAKCES— Contlnned.
A — JOSEPH STRAUB, , , -
,-,860 Market St., cor. , Stockton.'-. ;•,>»•¦"•¦ :
. - ' . Telephone . Grant ' 177.
Real Estate Agent. ,
*..¦-'. . .- Property Bought and Sold.
, Rents Collected. - ¦>*¦•'-. .
• - i Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent. >[.
A— Saloon in the vicinity of Turk and Market
sts. ; rent $40; long lease; price $1809. - .
A-^-Good paying bakery in a lively country
town; large store; rent $30; -horse and
I wagon; 5 show cases; price $500. "
A — Branch bakery ; in thickly populated part
, of city; 3 living rooms; price $200.
A— Saloon and lunch house in wholesale dls-
¦trict; no night work; price $900. .- ?
A — Delicatessen store in the Mission; 4 living
rooms; rent $10; price i $220. :•
A — Restaurant in Western Addition; good place
and cheap rent; price $600.
A — Butcher shop in Oakland; bargain at $250.
A — Bakiry; an old established business; wagon
and horses; 6-yr. lease; price $1100.
A — Saloon at Golden Gate Park; price $750. .
A— Hotel of , 20 rooms; fine opportunity /or
right party; 0-yr. lease; price $2000. - .
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real* estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free. list.
HEALEY & CARR. 927 Market St., room. 208.
A — CANDY store; old established; heart of city;
must be sacrificed; owner called East; beau-
tiful fixtures; rent right, price right, location
right, profits right; no good will,, just actual
value. Think this over, then see HEDGES,
.461-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market st. ;
RESTAURANT— Daily average $18; good- fix-
tures; worth $400; must be sold on Monday;
make offer.
¦ G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
.917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
WHY draw 3 per cent a year from bank?
We average nearly 6 per cent every week.
Years doing business and never a loss.
1 Over 2000 Investors here in this city. . •
Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You can draw money at any time.
Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
We accept Investments of $10 ; up. .'
Write or call for interesting literature.
American Co-operative Assoclatlcn,
Suite 615, Emma Spreckels building.
Treasurer's department open evening, 7-8.
$50 INVESTED with us will pay you more in
one month than any savings bank will pay
you on $300 in one year: your Investment be-
gins earning this at once and continues to do
so until you withdraw same; no stocks, bonds
I or oil, but a business proposition: best of
, references; It will pay you to write us at
once. DENVER CO-OPERATIVE INVEST-
MENT ASSOCIATION, Exchange building,
Denver, Colo. ... - . '¦'
A NICE little grocery store for sale at a bar-"
gain; everything new and In good order;
growing trade and one of the best 1 locations
In the city: living rooms: reasonable rent:
owner going away; Investigate. Box 497ft, Call.
GROCERY and bar. north of Market: fine loca-
tion; sales $20 per day; stock will Invoice
$950; great bargain; all fresh clean groceries;
don't miss it. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
I
j MILK route clearing $150 monthly; . delivery
• hours, 8:30 a. m. to 6:30 p. m. ; must sell;
taking civil service position; long trial; $550
cash. E. T. F., 1315 Stelner st., after 7 p. m." 1
BAKER — First-class, all-around, steady. busi-
ness, to take Interest in bakery in bay town;
references; a good chance for right man. Box
4849, Call office.
START in the chicken business for $60: incu-
bator and brooder, hens and chicks; every-
thing in good running order. At 645 Dolores
st.- and cheap rent.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc.. all go; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. . Box 4511, Call.
$3000 — HARDWARE store paying well; lo-
cated in growing, prosperous town; saies
average $13,000 per annum; profits net 33 1-3
per cent; expenses light; invoice if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4022, Call.
PHYSICIAN.- regular. 20 years' experience,
would like partnership or employment with
1 advertising parties or specialist; registered,
j Box 4957. Call office. - * ... .
$200 — COFFEE and chop house; fine chance for
; man and wife to make money; don't. miss it
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st. •.
I HOW to secure good\ position or investment
j with new Interurban Electric Railway. Ad-
dress with stamp box 569. Lima, Ohio.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon and 17furnlshed rooms
for sale; doing a nice business; "good town";
a bargain. Box 4978. Call office.
$5000 — FIRST-CLASS' country: hotel' business;
acc't jllness; part cash. Owner, box 4980, Call.
FIRST-CLASS candy business fpr sale; great
bargain this week. Box 406tf, Call Office. *
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
ruperior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
01 Invest in a 'paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco, Ca!.
FOR SALE— j-Branch bakery, notions, candy and
ecJiool supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established many s -years ; change • of business
cause of sale; no agents. . Box 4026.. Call.
$31M» — FOR SALE; well-established plumbing
business: - building and good stock all go;
roust sell because sickness. Box 4025. Call.
$3500— "THE PLEASANTON"; 2S rooms; high
grade; central; modern; all -rented: Cheap
1 rent; big profits. Box 16. Salt Lake.
$800— SALOON: rare chance; heart of city;
north Market; established years: good stock;
money-maker; $25, $30 day. , 783^ Market.
A BARGAIN; livery and boarding stable; good
location: 20 good horses. Box 4048. Call.
BAKERY for sale, in good country town; old-
established business;' reason for selling,
owner has other interests. Box 1634. Call.
$9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale:, at
terminus of car line; with house and -4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box 4818,' Call. ¦
GOOD paying fruit and vegetable stand for
sale; well stocked. . 1281 Mission St.
OUTSIDE route tbls paper. Address box 4930,
Call. ;¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established . at 1096
. Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR~ SALE.
GOOD ¦ transient . house; new furniture. . . .$1800
* 36 rms.; mechanics' hotel: man and wife 750
100 rooms; transient; low rent. 6500
SOW rooms; corner house for men. ........ 5000
. 50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent. .."3200
; 35 rms. ; Howard: rent only $65; terms.. ; 1400
. 40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain:'- 700
. Money. loaned at.l per cent.' • ¦
Hotels, houses and flats. 6 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st. \
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry f urn; rent $55. $850
'7»rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture 550
13 rooms; nicely furnished! good income 1000 ,
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32.....'. C00
"IP rooms; central;: good. furniture... ..."1150
80 rooms; large and. light; Income $200. 2600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal- loans to buyers. Low ' rates. *^
HEALY &. CARR. 927 Market St., room 208. . '
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. > '-
850 Market st. — (Inc.) . .Phono Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, .' hotels,
:. , - business chances and' real estate. . ' ¦ .
We furnish vacant houses and •
Loan Money at lowest rates. ¦¦'•¦SjSbHk
Something new every, day. , g
*. -New houses to lease. ¦':[¦'.'¦¦" X- "¦¦'..
ACCOUNT of sickness ; must j sell at once ; I se-
lect . family " hotel * on ' best •, corner In -> 8.~* F. ;
"clears $950. monj.h- over expenses; long: lease;
furniture and carpets best quality and nearly
new; cost $14,500; price. $12,000; terms,, part
cash, balance ¦. in .easy Installments; . books
open for. inspection to bona fide buyers, i Ad-
dress Hotel, box 4996.' Call flee. : . ¦ ' '
X7 CAMERON & CO., - ,.;
850 Market «t. and 8 Stockton St.,
; Rooms 21. 22.. 23.: Phone Bush '328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell,, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
A — - Near The Call;, building.'
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
/• -." •' ¦<¦ .*• Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to ; Loan. ** •¦ ** r *-.;• • > •
Big. free list of lodging-houses at my office.
. -I'. All vfor sale on easy -terms.- - Please call. ¦¦ ; :
A— H. ¦- C. • DECKER,' 1020 Market st. •*- :
. ; Before ¦ buying .- a \ lodging-house. *, rooming-
house." boarding-house, ; hotel ; and , bar, : city < or
• ¦ country, it twill be to your advantage' to call
at our office. ' We do not offer places for sale
unless £he. value is In -Sight."*'*, * ' *. . "• . '*
20. "¦' ROOMS ; *- modern .*;, house ; / fine * * location < on
Geary st. ; ' modern .' furnishings : i: lease ; ••• rent
. $120; must 'be. sold on account of other busi-
ness; fine house for, first-class 'transient; gen-
uine bargain at $2500. 'Address box 4975. Call."
ATTENTION— To buy. sell or exchange, call on'
A. H. ; RETSLOFF/i phone John &11.VM
.*¦-.* : 006 Market, St. 1 ,- corner.' Ellis. 1 ;;";
A SNAP— Lodging-house. 21 rooms ; I Kearny st: ;
: corner house; best furniture: nets $100 month;
only $1300. r ; McBRIDE;& CO.; 765 Market' st.-
A— NOTICE— We have, roomlng-houses.all sizes
and prices, In all parts of the city: get our
list first.'. MITCHELL & CO.V 1206 Market:-.:.
. SAJf FRAJfCISCO CAM*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until. 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2231 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth: open
eatll 9 p. m. . ,
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
JCorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHIKCH SERVICES. ¦
FIRST Congregational Church, corner * Post
and Mason sts.: Rev. George C. • Adams,
U.D.. pastor— Rev. ReuWn H. Sink, pastor
cf First Congregational Church of Stockton.
wl'.I preach at both services. At 11 a. m. ;
topic. ''The Shortest Biography of Christ.
At 7:45 c. m.. topic. "A Good Word for the
Priest and Levlte." All are cordially in-
vlted.
PLTMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D.,
pastor, will preach : at 11 a. m. ; subject,
"Life's Tuition Costly": 7:15 p. m., Vesper
Fprvice. with short address; subject. ¦¦Self-
Mastery"; Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. The
public cordially invited. __;
RICHMOND * Consn-ecational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement St.; pastor. Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence. 3415 Jackson et.;
telephone Jackson 1»41 — Sermon theme. 11
e. m.. "Imoortant Steps In Human Devel-
opment": 7:45 p. m., "Divine Instruction for
Sectarians in the Trend of the Age"; Sun-
da v-school, 9:45 a. m.; C. E. Society. t>:4o
p. " m. Seats f rez. A cordial welcome for
every one.
CENTRAL Church. Mission St.. between Sixth
and Seventh— Pastors. Arthur H. Briggs and
Herbert F. Bricgs. 11 a., in., service and
rermon by Rev. Dr. L. M. Hartley, superin-
tendent of the Anti-Saloon League of North-
ern California. 12:45 p. m.. Sunday school.
Rolla V. Watt superintendent. 6:15 p. m..
Societies of Christian Endeavor. 7:30 p. m..
concert. 8p.n., sermon. Herbert F. BrigKS
will preach In the evening. Organist and
choirmaster. Roscoe Warren Lucy. The seats
ere free and the people are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rpv. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Evening topic. "The
Popular Christ." In the series on "The Lift
of Jesus." Music by large chorus. I. E.
Blake, director. Seats free. All Invited.
Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Epworth
League st 6:45 p. m. *
UNITARIAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin ste. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister emer-
itUF: Charles A. Murdock, superintendent of
Sunday school. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach: subject.
'•Tragedies of the Innocent." Music by
quartet a^d chorus. Bible class un3er leader-
ship of Prof. Bacon at 10 o'clock. All are
cordially invited. There is no evening ser-
\-ice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp and
Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore. minis-
ter; Win. \\>rtsoh Jr., musical director. Sun-
day school at 8:45 o'clock. Morning them*-,
"Divine Forgiveness." Evening theme, "lu
His 5t«>ps." Magic programme: Morning — '
ill instrumental Andante <Fesca); <2) duet,
"He H^sreth AH" «Sulllvan); <3), bass soio.
"Far, Far Away" (Gounod), Mr. McCufrie;
Evening — d) instrumental duet (Wagner);
(2) vocal duet, "See Us. Father" (Bennet);
. <:>) soprano solo. "Nearer to Thee" (Costa),
Miss E. Kronert.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
California and Octavia sts. — Rev. . John
Hemphill. D.D.. pastor; Rev. George G. El-
dredgr. essociate pastor. Morning service at
11. Evening sen-Ice at 7:30. Dr. Hemphill
will preach at both services. Topic morning,
"A Certain Cure for Trouble." Topic even-
ing. "Almost Gone." Morning Sabbath
school at 10. Afternoon Sabbath school at
12:30. T. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting- Wednesday evening at 8. All are
cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie will preach both morning and even-
ing. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.; Christian
Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. ; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at S o'clock. All are cor-
dially invited^ i ; V ;
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
Holy communion at 7:30 a. m. Sunday
school 9:30 a. m. Morning service and holy
communion 11 o'clock. Sermon by rector.
People's one-hour service. 8 p. m. Sermon
by the Rt. Rev. Charles H. Brent, Bishop of
the Philippines.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st-, near
Twenty-third — Morning service 11 o'clock.
Preacher. Rev. J. George Gibson. Evening.
7:45. A musical evening with Gaul's can-
tata, of "The Holy City." Organ voluntary;
"Great and Marvelous"; prelude. "Eye
Hath Not Seen"; offertory. "For Thee, O
Dfar. Dear Country" : barytone solos— "O
Ptilng the Doors Wide Open." "Sabbath
Day" by Dr. Gibson. "Come to the Land of
R°st" (Greeleyt by Otis M. Carrington.
THE Rev. A. B. Kendig. D.D.. of Boston!
Mass.. '•rill preach in Grace Church (Method-
. ist Episcopal), comer Twenty-first and Capp
sts.. this morning at II o'clock. AH are in-
vited. The pa'-'-or. the Rev. F. M. Larkin,
•will prearh »t night. Subject. "The Precious
Stones and Stubble of Life."
ASSEMBLT Hall. 15 Polk st.— Mr. Alfred Mace
••rill give Gospel addresses Sunday, April 20
2:30 p . m . Bible class. Subject "Daniel in
Eabylon." Sunday, April 20. £:45 p m..
"The Great Battle and How it Was Won."
Tuesday. April 22. 7:45 p. m., "Ships."
Thursday. April 24. 7:45 p. m., "The Man
Child Who Is to Rule All Nations," Reve-
lation 12. A Sunday school for the voung Is
10 be opened (D. v.) Sunday Afternoon. April
CO. wt 2:30, to which all are cordially In-
vited. All welcome. All Is free. , ¦
A GREAT union mass-meeting of men only
10-day, at 3 o'clock. In the Young Men's
Christian Association Hall. Mason and Ellis
»>ts. ; Rev. William Kirk Guthrie will speak
•>n. "Joseph, the Prisoner." Mr. H. H. Barn-
hart will sing. A social song service will
follow the public meeting. Seats free and
all young* men invited.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will lecture at Gold-
en G?.te Hall, 625 Butter St.. under the aus-
pices of the Unity Club at 7:45 p. . m. and
"The Hindu Way of Salvation." Music by
Miss Helen C. . Heath and the Unity Club
Quartet. Admission and all seats free. Door*
*>I>en at 7:15.
FIR-sT Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 • Sutter st.. between Kearhy and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; -subject of lesson-sermon, "Probate
After Death." Sunday-school for children at
the same hour. Wednesday evening meeting
at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny
ft., rooms S09-510. Alt are welcome.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge. Theosophlcal Society-
Free popular lectures every Sunday at 8
p m.. Flood building. S09 Market et.; sub-
ject to-night. "The IliHd of India, by Miss
Charle* P. Nielson; Bible class Sundays. 11
a- m.. by Miss M. A. Walsh: inquirers'
meeting and study of T. S. principles. Thurs-
days. 2:30 p. tn; Theosophical discussion
meeting. Saturdays, S p. m. . Library and
reading-rooms open dally 1 to 4. p. m.
THE Theosophlcal Society (Col. H. - S. Olcott,
• president, founder). Pacific Coast headquar-
ters Odd Fellows' buildings-Public lecture
*o-nlght. at 8 o'clock, by Mies Jessie C.
Brodie; subject. "The Doctrine of the
Heart": public meetings on Wednesday and
Thursday afternoons aX 2:30; Inquirers' class
Sunday . morning, at 11 :30; "The Golden
Chain." the children's group, Sunday morn-
!ng. 11:30. Lending library open daily from 1
1 . to 4 p. m. * - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ;
MEETINGS — SUJfDAY.
A— 25c— TEST— 25c— SEANCE. " ~~
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT.
Peychic and Independent Elate Writing.
Every one receives a communication; full
names and questions answered; >'¦ write your
questions at home and bring to this seance and
receive the manifestation that will slay skepti-
cism on the threshold of the Interview
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis. bet.Franklln&Gough.
AA— Dr. J. Depew . Kergan's free Illustrated
lecture this evening at Crystall Hall. Pyth-
ian Castle. 909 Market sC: subject, "Will
Power," followed by ma*rnlficent views of
the Shakespeare country: free tickets will be
distributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitar-
ium Tuesday eve.; question box; music by
Miss Llllle Arthur & Master Lamont Done.
WALTER Thomas Mills speaka 2 p. m.. Metro-
politan Temple: subject, "Nora. Fuller.- or
the Children of, the Unemployed"; prelude
will be "The Street Car Strike." Music by
the Frank Brown Ladles' .Orchestra; free.
REMOVAL— Progressive Spiritualists, Cove-
nant Hall, third floor. Odd Fellows' build-
ing: to-night. Mr». R. S. Llllle.. speaker:
music by Mr. J.. T. Llllle: admission free.
Entrance Market St.; take elevator.
"WHERE s Woman's Power Lies"; a free
lecture tx> ladies only, followed by readings
of face* and hands, by MRS. VAN AUKEX,
330 Ellis st., 8 Monday evening.
WYLLIE,. photo medium; skeptics bring your
camera and plates;, do your own develop-
ment; no result ' no- charge; open Sundays
SO» Turk st. . . ; * "
AT. 117 Larkin, Inspirational spiritual church
meeting: also truthful messages by Dr. C. E.
Wheeler, Katie Heussman; admission free.
EDWARD EARLE by special request will hold
his vlatewrltlng and test seance at his resi-
dence. 328 EUU et-: 25c. _r
A— VNOW" lecture. "Liberty." Henry Harri-
¦on Brown. Odd Fellows" bUt.. 8 p.m. ; music.
MME. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come.. skeptics.
C. V. MILL.ER'6 materializing seance. 1P84
Bush.* 8 p. tn. ; 50c. Telephone Larkin 4133.
HELP \yAKTED--MAI_E-__-CjO« ; __ :- '-
MURRAY & READY. .-.634-636 Clay st.
...Phone Main 5S48. --••••••;;"¦
*¦¦ ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
..Office Open 8 to 12 a. m. To-day^Sunday. .
1 Free Fare '.:.....- ..*..... Free if are.
..:.For Nevada and Salt Lake Division. ..„
753 teamsters .$3 to |- 50 day
W5 laborers ••••*2 to ?- ?° aay
635 rockmen. steel gangs, stonemasons, car-
penters' helpers, -cooks, waiters and an
classes of railroad help Fre VJlL
$2. $2 50, $3. $3 50 day Ship -••• * re f'
Morning ;.;;"and :.~. :'•"•" ?*L S ,^
v ¦ - 3483 men wanted for
different positions, such
as carpenters. f° r
house, ship, boat.
* o*PW ¦ ' bridge building, saw-
' mill and other works.
TO-DAY. S150 and $3 day anil.
$S5. see boss here to-
SUNDAY. day (Sunday) at 9 a. m
on carpenter's JoDs.
concrete, etc.; paint-
ers. 1 helpers. - brlck-
i molders. setters.
And other brickyard help: wagon and
carriage makers; 55 other different mechan-
ical Jobs. $3 50, $3. $2 50. $2 day; _ laborers
and teamsters, city and country Jobs; an
classes of sawmill and woods help; treo
fellers, sawyers, loggers, snipers, edgermen,
head setters, screw turners, laborers team-
sters etc. $SO. - $70. $65. $50. $40. $30. $2U
and found: fare advanced; laborers, miners.
muckers farmers, orchard and vineyard help.
i ' blacksmith's helpers, shoers, etc. ; butter and
cteesa makers, etc. ; sheep shearers and herd-
ers; stablemen, timekeepers, coachmen, gar-
deners, hostlers, buggy washers, sailors,
choremen, boys, farmers and wives, cooks,
•waiters, dishwashers, kitchen help and other
positions by the hundreds; wages run from
$5. $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2. $1 75. .$1 50 day;
come- see us ••• "••• •""*
Open to-day ......MURRAY & READY.
Sunday ..634-638 Clay st.
SEND 12c and have your name inserted in our
directory; results, carloads of mail, samples.
- etc. U. S. Directory. 674 4th St., S. F.. Cat.
VAUDEVILLE — Professionals only; Irish.
Dutch and black race characters. Call or
address WM. BROPHY. 310 O'FarreU st.
OPPORTUNITY to learn trado for steady boy;
paid while learning. Carson Glov* Co.. 3o
Market st. i
A FIRST-CLASS ambitious Jobbing carpenter;
also one cabinetmaker of same, caliber.
Box 4991. Call. .
CANVASSERS wanted: can make big money.
Call KOLANDER'S Music Store. 1484 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ¦ ;
CASH boys with references. Apply at UV-
INGSTON BROS.'. 123 Post St. ¦
BRIGHT office boy wanted. Apply at 8:30
o'clock Monday morning, 615 Examiner bldg.
EXPERIENCED furniture packer wanted by
the JOHN BREUNER CO.. 957 Market St.
PRESSER on coats; steady work; good pay.
541 Market st. .
COA.TMAKERS; steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. Ml. Market st.
EXPERIENCED -dishwasher. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED — Able-bodied reliable men; apply all
day Sunday. 526 Montgomery St.. room 1.
WHEELWRIGHT wanted , on buggy work.
1504 Folscm st.
BARBER shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15: price $250. 1035 Guerrero st.
SALESMEN — $50 weekly and expenses guaran-
teed, selling chemical refrigerating machines
to hotels, restaurants, butchers & merchants;
cool all kinds refrigerators cheaper than Ice;
also chemical Icecream freezer; works auto-
matic; write for territory; free sample. Chem-
ical Refrigerator & Freexer Co.. Station L.
Chicago. lit.
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith.
2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
maker. Inquire, statins experience, of A.
MEI3TER & SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Floor manager who has experience
in retail cloak and suit department: must
have city reference and experience. Address
5. O. & CO.. box 1438. Call office.
MEN and women to do'copylng at home; $5 to
$12 weekly working evenings; no canvassing;
inclose stamp. KING Mfg. Co.. Qulncy st.,
Chicago. ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED — Floor manager for retail dry good 1 *
house; city reference and experience required.
Address M. C. & CO.. box 1439. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man for country place; object
home more than wages: able to care for gar-
den, make himself useful. Box 4954. Call.
WANTED — Boss packer experienced in whole-
sale . hardware. Apply by letter, giving ref-
erences, to box 4980, Call office., V -."
WANTED — Man of business experience and
good address; salary. Address*, giving refer-
ences; box 1525. Call office. • •»•
WANTED — Cash boy, 14 years of age or over.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALK
BROS.' ' . -
BAKER — See business chances. ••-.-• j . .. - 1
WANTED — Salesman, experienced In retail
. grocery or crockery business. Box 4970, Cai!.
LADY or gentleman to work for Eastern firm;
i $40 per month, not com. Box 4977. Call.
WANTED — Boy for office. 320 California st..
room 11. Monday morning 8 o'clock.
WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM & OTTER. B83 Market St.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo. ;'• salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T.-W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun.. St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237. 1606 Market st. .
WANTED — Cabinetmakers and machine hands.
Apply MANGRUM & OTTER. SS1-5S3 Mar-
ket st. ¦
SALESMAN wanted; $600 per year guaranteed:
state age, references and experience. Box
4966. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted on coats. 8.
N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
CARRIAGE painters at O'BRIEN A SON'S.
Golden; Gate ave. and Polk st.
FOR sale — Barbers; 3-chalr shop; 3 rooms; cen-
tral: low rent: paying $30 per week; prtc»
$150. Box 1451. Call of flee.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable . energy and
push; good opportunity^ for right man. F. <.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Recruits for the- marine- corps. U.
6. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goo-X
character, between the ages of 21 and S3; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet X
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at ' the Recruttlnr
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
men need apply: technical man preferred; no-
attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4S10. Call office.
MEN. to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand: only requires 8 weeks; tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor j still
runs Denver House. .217 Third St.; 150 'largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TO tailors — First-class foreman for coat fac-
tory; .good wages; correspondence strictly
confidential. Address L. Z.. box 4962. Call.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
. be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended: no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
BtJY Point Richmond lots. $180 and $200; terms
$25 cash. $5 per month; send for circulars.
Richmond Land Company. 182 Crocker bldg.
LEARN proofreading; stts. secured, $15 to $25
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phila. -¦
BARBERS — Good-paying 2-chalr barber shop A.
bath for sale. H. FALK. Angels Camp. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter -
permanent Job; good wages. Box 4797, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st. - •
COATMAKER and bushelman for country
Apply REISS BKO3. & CO.. 24 8uttar St.
HARNESS and saddle makers wanted W
DAVIS & SON. 11 Front st. *
• FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
; ployment. 541 Market st.
i ;OOATMAKERS:-Bood pay; steady employment.
J YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tul-
: tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PE £ s i? N ,_ and extra I»y- Write SHERWOOD.
. 624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Poat. O.A.R.
' SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Euror* and
[ Australia. HERMAN'S. 2G Steuartst.
• G ¥ T r^ our .if*** half-aol«d ¦ while waiting: 23o
I to 50c. 663 Mission »t.. bet l»t and 2d »ta-
• PENSION atty.. K. A. Built*., room 40. Phelaa
, big. Past Com. O>o. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
• ALL sUes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hali
• prtce - Sfl3 Mission St.. bet, lat and 2d sts.
' -^ANTEP—A boy about 10 for wholesale houso.
• Addre "» **•* -was. Call offlc«.
' 800 . j , me:n to bu * ntw *"•* Sd-nand army shoesT
• - 501 ' "P ; "Q'tag 20c up. 02.1 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
I WINCHESTER Houi*. 41 Third *t.. near Mar.
ket— 200 room*. .25c night;- reading rooms:
t tree 'bus and b«ggag« 1 to and front ferry.*
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
f * received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
: For ,: Employment Wanted, Etc., See
Page Thirty-Eight.THE SAN FEAISTCISCO GALL, SUNDAY,! APRIL 20, 1902.
37
REAL^ ESTATE^— - CITY— FOR^SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
: V AUCTION. .
' J - ' ' AUCTION
auction'
TUESDAY. .April 22. 1902
At Our Salesroom, No. 038 Market st.,
At 12 o'clock noon. . ' .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION. •
Southeast corner (No. 2424) Gough and Va-
llejo sts. ; elegant three-story and finished
basement residence of 16 rooms and 2 baths;
modern in all details: excellent marine view;
rents $1080 per annum; lot 25x90 feet.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Southwest corner of Harrison and Juniper
sts., between 10th and 11th sts.; sold for the
estate of John D. Corkeiy. deceased, and sub-
ject to confirmation of Superior Court: Im-
provements, stable, rents $10 a month; lot 30x
100 feet.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 2(i20) Sacramento st.. 29:0
feet east of Pierce sU; modern two-story resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath; well built and In
good condition; In a very choice neighborhood;
lot 26x103 feet.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 2717) 21st St.. 75 feet east of
Bryant St.; handsome new modern cottage, 7
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing: porcelain
bath; high basement, etc.; street bituminized;
cement sidewalk; lot 25x85 feet.
GOLDEN GATE-AVE. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1107) Golden Gate ave., 82:6
feet west of Buchanan St.: modern, well-built
two-story residence, S rooms and bath; rents
$4S0 per annum; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
EXECUTRIX'S SALE. . '
South side (No. 415) Oak St.. 165 feet west of
Laguna st. ; well-built, modern cottage, 5 rooms
and bath: brick foundation: high basement;
rents $20 per month; lot 27:0x80 feet,
SAN BRUNO ROAD PROPERTY.
East side (No. 2425) San Bruno road, near
Silver ave.; lots 39-41. Thornton and Wllliama
subdivision of Silver Terrace Homestead; store.
4 living-rooms and stable; rents $18 per month;
lot 50x100 feet.
SILVER-ST. INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (No. 30) Silver st. 478:6
feet northeast of 3d st. ; houss 6 rooms and i
rear flats of 3 rooms; rents $296 per annum;
lot 22x70. ¦ -
HARRISON-ST. FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. 912-12M-) Harrison St.,
125 feet west of 5th st.- two flats of 4 rooms
each; rents $22 per month; lot 25x75 feet.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
South side Clement st., 82:6 feet east 25th
ave.; choice building lot; street sewered; near
Sutro carhouse; lot 25x100 feet.
SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
South side of L St.. 30 feet east of 38th
ave.; two fine lots In a district which a large
increase in value will occur shortly; lots 30x
ICO feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
¦ -638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
$24,000 — Beautiful Pacific Heights residence;
sunny side of street; unexcelled ma-
rine view; modern in every detail; 14
rooms in all; 3 bathrooms, laundry
and servants' rooms and billiard-rocm;
inlaid floors; electric appurtenances;
garden front and rear; large lot, 33x
137:6 feet.
Pays over 13 per cent per annum — Seven flats
of 4. 3 rooms and bfth; reduced from
$6000 for immediate sale asking $5250;
well built and in first-class condition;
always rented; near 7th and Hariison
sts.; lot 50x80 feet.
$9,750 — Five new modern flat3 of 7 and 5
rooms each; very desirably located on
Sacramento st., near Hyde; always
rented and ¦ paying at the present low
"rental over 10 per cent per annum;
large lot, 34:4^x187:6 feet.
$14,500 — Four elegant new flats with all the
latest modern conveniences and ap-
purtenances; renting exceedingly low
at the present time but paying 10 per
cent per annum; Folsom St., near Oth.
I $5,500 — Modern 2-story residence of 8 rooms,
bath and basement; beautifully fin-
ished and up to date In every d?tall;
near Park Panhandte; lot 25x137 0 ft.
Pays over 12 per cent per annum — Six .flats In
a neighborhood that is always rented;
Shipley st., near 4th; lot 41:2x09 feet;
price ?52O0. .
$6,000^ — Modern bay-window residence of 8
rooms, bath and basement on the
north side of Sutter St., with a front-
age of 33 feet by 100 feet in depth.
$3,750 — For a whole block of land In Ocean
View; 400x475 feet, with a two-story
house of 8 rooms and bath on the
property; windmill, tank, etc.
$4,000 — A fine double lot on the north Una of
Waller St.; beautifully located; 50x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street.
SPECK & CO., 667 Marked St., opp'. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$175,000— Corner within two blocks from Mar-
ket and Powell: modern brick build-
ins; stores and 100 rooms; rents
about ?900. ,
$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner: Inside of Lar-
kin; 70x77:6; rents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Second-st. corner; few blocks from
Market st. ; partly improved; lot 130
xlOO. ,
$35,000 — MoAllister-st. '. corner: 85x98; gooJ
Improvements; rents $220; east of
Lair'jna St.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats: building cost $25,000; lot GS:9x
71 ; rents $2450 per . year, |
$30,000 — Geary St., near Jones; fine improve-
ments; rents $170.
$22,500 — North Beach gore corner: 75x110; |
stores and flats; -rents $215.-
$20,000 — O'F&rrell-st. investment: east of
Leavenworth; lot 34:4x137:6; fine site
for apartment or lodging-house.
$18,000— Ellis st., near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rent? $140.
$16,000 — Sansome-st. investment; 45 ft. fronjt-
age: level block;, want offer. "
$11,000— Modern flats near Hyde and Sutter
nt3.: rents S90. . •..*
$10,000 — Golden Gate ave. flats; lot 27:6x120:
2 frontages; rents $77 50; this is a
bargain.
$9,500 — Rents $103: lot 50xS0; downtown in-
vestment. . . .
$5,500 — Geary -st. corner; 62 feet frontage;
half of property Improved; a cheap
buy.
$2,000 to $3000 — Cottages In Mission and
Western Addition. Call for liet.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st. residence; 12
rooms and bath; rents $100; near Alta
plaza. ¦. -
$6,750 — Page-st. "-residence, near Park Pan-
handle; 10 roomg;and bath; Iot-25x
100.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
$30,000— 137:6xl?8; NW. cor. Gough St.; ma-
rine and panoramic view; choice resi-
dence site.
$5,000 — 100x100; one block from Golden Gate
Park.
$3,500 — 75x250 feet: Castro-st. corner: three
fronte~es.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$40.000 — Investment In this city; 22 acres on
popular drive: street cars near by: some build-
ing*; good soil; might be subdivided now at a
good nrcfit or held for a few years and increase
In value.. . .
$60,000 — Kearny-st. property, paying 5 per
cent net: rood brick building; in heart of re
tail district.
S14.0O0 — Lot on Drumm st., near Market,
22:11x70; only $610 per foot; new building go-
ing ur> adjoining and another designed to go
UP w»n; -will pay well to Improve. -
$6250 — O'Farrell-pt. Investment, nr. Laeruna;
rent* $50; never vacant; lot is nearly worth
th«» price.
$2S0O — Pays ble Interest; ft.W) rents per an-
num: Zoe St., near Third and Brannan; in good
repair.
$3500 — North side Sutter St., between Baker
and I-von: ?ood house, 7 rooms and bath..
$4O00 — Lot on T^avenwnrth et.. near. Green:
r.0x60; Cose to Hvde or Union st. cars; will
pav well if improved.
*4500 — Lot on Chestnut, near Stockton; 6«:I)
xl37: street accepted; will pay well to lm-
prnvp; will divide In three lots if d»«ired.-
*«5C0 — Lot S. side .Tarkson. near .Walnut; 50
xlOO; n*pr cars »n<1 Prpfldlo. -
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... REAL ESTATE
20 v Montgomery St., rr.om 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara; Turk; S frontages;' fine
location for apartmpnt house, flats.etc
541. non — Good Investment; Mlselon. nr. Sixth
$17,500— Tliroc very stylish new sunny flnts 8
. rooms: .choice location: rents $l."0 ¦
$10,500-<-«ood buy; store and flats; Larkin st.,
near Geary: rents $70. ¦ ,
$10,000 — J? sunnv new 7-room flats, near Golden
Oate Park; grand view; renter StO5.
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
Ft., near Thirteenth: rent $45. ' - .
$2,375 — Cheap: north plde Clay st.. near Lvon;
fins adjoinlmr lot. 27:6x100: for $3000
$1,050— Dirt cheap: NW. comer Sanchez and
Alvarado «tB. : 26;Rx10!> f*>«?t - '¦•-
HOUSES — STTNSET HEIGHTS — LOTS
Installments; Eleventh nve.. H and I sts.i nr
entrance Park music stand; cars, pass property.
A. E.' BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11: Branch office, Bunset. 1215 NJnth ave.
FOR Sale — As a whole or in subdivisions, >50-
,vara lot, south line Union st.: 137:0 feet east
of. Pierce. Let. northeast corner Green and.
Plerpo Btf., 103:6x137:0 feet." • Incuire of
CHARLES C. REMIS, . Real Estate Broker.
B24 Montcome*y st. : :
S57r — CORNER lot near Mls«lon-«t. car house
THE McCAP.THY CO ; . 046 Market st. . "'
A NICE cozy modern house. 8 rooms and bath
ran and electric llsrhts: easy', terms. *. 69
Portola St., off Waller, bet. Steiner and Plerco.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— -FOR SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS..... 108 Montgomery st;
RENTS 897 60. PRICE $8000.-
Pays'over. 13 per cent net: five new -modern
flats in Western Addition; six rooms and bath
each;, lot 25x125; all rented ; best paying in-
vestment In the city; do not overlook this.
C BUSINESS CORNER >
On Devisadero st.; store below and two fine
flats above; rents- $150; room to build two."
more flats; price $16,500. "¦'
A snap — In Mission warm belt; fine corner
on Twenty-first st., near Valencia; 12-room
house; property stands the owner over $9000;
would make a fine business • corner; price re-
duced to $6000 to make a quick sale; make
offer. ¦ ¦ . • sffcsfcWfJ; --..¦.' ¦ ¦ .
TWELFTH AND HARRISON.
Northeast corner;, must be sold immediately
to close estate; size of lot 50x100; the heirs
will refuse no reasonable offer for this lot.
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS. v '.-¦¦'¦
Three new fine modern flats; sunny lot; 7-7-8
rooms; all rented for $112 50 monthly; price
$13,000.' :
WALLER-ST. HOME, NEAR SCOTT.
Two stories and basement; seven rooms and
bath; in fine condition; lot 30x110; will ex-
change for smaller property; price $5250. - ; '¦• '¦ '•
MARINE VIEW LOT. .
Fine lot on Vallejo st., near Scott; 63:l%x
137:6, or will subdivide; owned by estate heirs
very anxious to sell; $175 per foot. ¦ - '¦
.RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves.; very cheap lots; $700 and up-
wards: street work all done; send for plats.
MASON ST. , ¦ NEAR UNION.
Three-story house; two frontages; cheap;
S4000. ¦
7- '. PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
Fine eight-room cottage on north side ' of
street; sunny key lot; price $6000, or will take
unimproved Panhandle property; v no reasonable
offer refused. ' : • - •
NEAR SIXTEENTH AND MARKET.' '
Four-room cottage; lot 23x70; price $1800.
SHRADER ST.
Best, block; fine modern flats, five and six
rooms; rent $57 50; price $6250. . '.
: CORNER LOT
On Pacific Heights, 30x110; fine marine view;
price $4500. - . ¦
CHEAP HOME .
In Panhandle district; 7-room 2-story house; a
bargain; only $3700. . • ; ¦ .
TWENTIETH-ST. LOTS.
2 lots, all ready to build on, 50x114, between
Church and Sanchez sts. : price $1600.
1 . ONLY $900.
2 good lots on Alvarado St., between 23d
and 23d, 50x114 feet;- a snap.
McAFEE BROTHERS. '
. ' 108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE, -
(Established January, 1858.)
• ¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
¦ FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St., opposite Lick
; . . House. ¦ • . ' ;
/ CHEAP CORNER.
Corner Thirteenth and Klsslins sts., near
Fclsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE.
$5000 — New house; Lake St., corner of Eighth
ave. ; 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment.
INSIDE INVESTMENT. .
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Polk; large
house; lot 22:11x120 to. rear street; this is an
improving location.
5 HOWARD STREET. • ' ' .
*S000 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & 11th.
MARKET-ST. CORNER. : ;
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot. intersection of
Ridley St., 9J feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000— Stockton st., .near Sutter; 3-atory
brick building, paying good interest; new -and
substantial Improvements.
Flats renting for $26 on Seventeenth st.,
near Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500.
LOTS. .
$3000 — Corner Twenty-flfth and Alabama
sis.; 50x100; a good corner to Improve.;
$2500 — Steiner st., near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6. .
$5000r— San Jose ave., near Twenty-ninth st.;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.,
near Eureka; modern; 5. rooms, arid bath; lot
25x75.
Lots on Twentieth ave, between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $fi00, on easy terms if desired.
MADISON & BURKE,
.'.' . 30 Montgomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. ".
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.. -.. \
$3,000— 'I- story house, 6 rooms and bath; on
Clementina Bt.,.nr. 6th; lot 20x80. ,
$3,500 — 2 cottages on Filbert St., nr. Fillmore;
lot 26:8x120; two frontages.
$35,000 — Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
residence with stable; pays 9 per cent;
owner must leave on account of slcknes3.
$6,000— 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
basement, laundry, garden; everything in
. good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st. .
$8,500 — Jackson St., nr. Baker; 3 modern flats;
rents $S1 50 per month.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott St., near Geary; worth $12,000.
$2,400 — Cottage of 6 rooms: well and 10 fruit
trees In rear; lot 25x100; at 2Uth and
Harrison.
$350 — Corner lot, near 34th and Mission sts. ;
25x75.
$250 each — Four lots, 25x75; near' 34th and
Mission sts. • : . ! ¦¦ .
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; lot
120x300; price $2000. .
Cottage of 5 rooms and basement; built 4 years;
5 minutes' walk from depot; price $2000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of -white oak., ,.
SAN FRANCISCO. ' - " ¦'/ . ' . ¦
360S Mission st.; store, and /living rooms;
price $2200; small payment down,, balance. same
as rent. '. '-• : ¦ -
1S19 16th ave. { 3-room house; good lot; price
$8G0; $50 down, balance same as rent. 9
1871 15th ave. ; small house; price $700; no
payment down; monthly payment, $9 60.' •'
¦ 231 Palmer St., near Chenery; 6 rooms, bath,
etc.; price $1500; Email payment down, balance
same as rent. '
211 De Montford ave., Ingleside; lot 50x125;
7-room cottage; chicken-houses and. barn; one
block from car line;- price $1500; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
SUNNYSIDE. :
26 Circular ave.; flat of 5 rooms and store;
store rents for $8; price $1250; no ' payment
down ; eame as rent.
231 Joost ave.; 4-room cottage; price $800;
no. payment down;, monthly payment $11 20. ¦.
414 Forester ave. ; 5-room cottage; price $850;
no payment down; monthly payment, $11 90.
I also have a few houses to rent. ' .:'.'.
. A. E. RUDELL, 801 California st.
GEORGE A. RAYMOND, "
Room 2, 7th floor, Mills Bldg.
$11,000— Flats and -stores; O'Farrell-st. corner;
the annual rentals 12 per cent; adapt-
" ed for 'a " bakery, having a fine large
. oven in basement with store above.
$6,750-rPresldio Heights; two-story basement
and attic residence, 10" rooms; all in
perfect order; very desirable residence
' ¦ or Investment, ¦ ¦
$12,000— Beautiful lot on north side Elite -it;
'40x120. • - • •
$10,000— Flats on north side of Sutter St.; lot
27:3x137:6. •
$5,000 — 21st St., near Noe; residence,? rooms;
,¦ unfinished attic; -street accepted.
$4,500— 21st St., near Noe; residence, . 7 . rooms
and attic; can be easily converted into
' flats. , ; ¦ .
$10,000 — South side Washington St.; 75x
127:8%: near Baker St.; street bitu-
'¦• • minized; will subdivide. . •
$3,100— Five flats on Welsh et.i between 3d
and 4th sts. -.
$6,500— Lot and residence of . 0 rooms ! ; and
bath: Octavia st., near Broadway. '
GEO. A. . RAYMOND. Mills Bldg., ,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Prices are advancing ¦ rapidly. Secure a lot
without delay. ' ' ' ''.'¦'
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard Lots,
all bargains.
$500 to $1000 — Sunset lots our specialty, all
graded, no one can beat us. Easy terms. ¦
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$400 to ?soc£-Choicest Richmond lots selling
fast. , Installments. .
$1000, - $1750 . to $350O-TChoice : Cottages, all
bargains, easy. terms.
SQL OETZ Sr BROTHER, -
- Robm\54, Chronicle 1 Bldg.
RESIDENCE : on Howard St.; 7 rooms, bath;
lot 34x110 to rear street.
Post st., ¦ near Buchanan; lot 60x137:6; im-
proved..,. ¦ i ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦-¦' '.-.-. ¦ . ¦'. .
$1400 — Cottage;- Seventeenth st.; 4 rooms 1
bath; 25x87 :&.:¦; ' . : • l .:'. ." ¦•¦;¦¦
$4150— Castro st.; 6 rooms, bath; lot 25x100.
' Cor Harrison 'and Langton; 75x75; cheap. >
PATTERSON & CO..: 11 City Hall Square. f
$8 A MONTH ; 3-room cottage; level lot, 25x
100: ¦ fronting San Mateo electric cars;. price
$700. , OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st. ,,-.:¦ ..
$10 A MONTH; level lots: graded and sewered;
: only 2 left; 25x12$ each; on Dame st... near
'30th. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at ' ¦
$10 A MONTH; price $800; cottage, 4 rooms,
- high, basement ; and chicken-houses; near
."Cortland ave.'.- OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
FOR sale-^A fine home; new 'double bay win-
dow' cottage on. easy terms; Mislssippi st.,
near Twenty-fifth. Owner, 2251 Market gt.,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. ,; . •.
$1000— DOLORES-ST. lot." 'THE MCCARTHY
CO:' 648. Market -St.. -. V .". '¦'¦%' 7 f ;
$8500 NET— HouFe and lot 30x127% feet; .:. 2
, - . frontages. V 2222 Jackson ' st.. - near . Webster.
REAL ESTATE — CITY--FOR, SALE,
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
1 •'¦;¦.¦ - : V ¦ 22 Montgomery Street.
$2,100^-Corner of Francisco and Jones sts. ; 5
lots; only 10 stepa from Montgomery
ave. ; $2100 for all.
$24,000 — Rents $155 per month; good Improve-
ments;, choice business corner; 86xS0;
best business street In . the, Mission.
$850 — Lot 25x75; Church, near Twenty-third.
¦" $1,750— Lots 29x75; Seventeenth, near Dla-.
mend; on grade, and accepted by city;'
>¦ only one block from Castro and Eight-
- eenth st. car.
$5,000 — Fine cottage of 7 rooms, ! porcelain
i . . bath, 2 toilets; concrete . basement and
yard.
?2,600 each; — Three elegant level lots; Larkin
St., near Pacific; 25x87:6; street ac-
. cepted ; Just the place for flats.
$7,000 — Corner on Ninth St.; 50x100; a bar-
gain.
$2,600— Rents $2S per month: 2-story house:
- saloon below, fiat of 6 rooms above;
¦ Clara St., near Fourth.-
$42,00tt--<;hpicfc corner on Van Ness ave.; 50x
,'109 feet; fine hotel site.
$12,500— Rents $105; 2 splendid new flats, 6 and
. 7: rooms and bath each; finished- in
natural woods. : and perfect in every
; respect: McAllister St.; fine location.
GET PARTICULARS OF THIS.
$6,150'— Reduced from $6500; large lot near
Market and Van Ness, 30x87:6; recta
$41. . •;
$8,500— Grand residence lot on Fell St.. Park
Panhandle. 50x1.17:6.
$8,000— Lot 50x100 on Baker St.. opp. Golden
• jh Gate Park; splendid location for ele-
' rant fiats; make offer.
$75,000-^-ReRts $550 per month;- under secured
leaae; largo lot; new building; one
tenant; near Mason sf.
$52,000 — Rents $4620 per annum; new 4-story
building down town; large lot. 63:0x
137:6; choice Investment.
$11,000— Laguna st. corner; two elegant up to
date flats; rents $85 per month; a fine
- - investment. . • ' . .
$2,250 — Fine lot on Folsom, bet. . 25th and
26th; 25x122:6; cheap. . '. ...
$5,000 — Rents $30 per month; a snap: Harri-
son. > near Eighth; 50x75; coal yard
and house and stable; lot alone worth
$7500.
$4,000 — Jackson, near Leavenworth; 25x137:6;
. house of 7 rooms and bath; .
$4,000 — Folsom-st. corner; 3 blocks from City
, • Hall; 38x75. •
$5,000-^Rents $600 per annum; 2 flats on
Powell st., at transfer corner; $3000
can remain at 6 per cent; pays 15 per
' cent. - - ¦ ' - -
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bids.
f.tV DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$18,000— Few blockif from Market St.; 3 new
flats of 7 rooms; rents $1500; $1500
profit in 90 days.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
$18,000 — Corner lot, 37:6 ft. frontage; 2 stores
: and flat; rents $1453; offer of $10,500
. pending.
BUSINESS CORNER, "
$16,500 — Rents $1800; store under lease; 2 new
.flats; 32 ft. frontage; mortg. $10,000.
6%.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,000— Rents $1200; few blocks from Market
£ st.; lot. 30x137:6 ft.; modern bldg.;
store and flat. ¦
BARGAIN FOR A PHYSICIAN.
$10,500— Near Sutter and Larkin sts.; large lot
alone worth price asked; improvements
.-;•-• could not be duplicated for $10,000; 11-
room residence; must be sold thi-j
' week. -
BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$6,000—2 elegant modern flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath, .containing every con-
venience; will pay over 10 per cent.
FORECLOSURE SALE.'
Only 10 days in which to sell.
$5,750—2 well-built flats of 5-6 rooms, bath;
lot 25x100 feet; best part of the West-
, ern Addition. •
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$6,500— Near Fell St.; new residence of S
- rooms and bath; finished basement; all
modern conveniences; $4500 mortg. can
remain.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$5,600^ — Must be sold; 2 flats of 5-6 rooms,
bath; cost $6000 to build.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$3,500— Rents $480; 3 flats, near Second sf.
I 1 MISSION INVESTMENT. .
$3,000 — 75x110 ft., cottage of 6 rooms and 2
flats 4 rooms each; Folsom-st. cars 1
block.
. NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
LYON & HOAG... Hi Montgomery st.
. INVESTMENT PAYING 15 PERCENT/
$12,000— Corner on Pacific st.", east of Taylor;
big lot, 68 feet frontage; improve-
ments consist of 4 frame buildings,
containing 4 stores and 12 flats; while
¦ the Improvements are old, they are In
. excellent condition; brick foundation;
- i tin roofs: latest sanitary plumbing;
this property Is always rented and Is
ml'i'w^. °, ne ot the best bu * 8 on tfa e market.
$12,500— Rents $125; Grove, near Franklin; two
splendid buildings; fiats all rented;
.. «^» i? 1 "* 6 lot: Iroata on two streets.
$4,000 — Two bay-window flats: Elliot Park,
near 14th and Guerrero; 0 and 6 rooms
and bath.' . ¦ .
$3,S0Q— Rent $44; Ringold, near 9th and Fol-
som: 3 flats and all rented.
- CLAY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5,250 — Two-story residence, containing 8
rooms and bath; lot 27:6x127:8; ex-
cellent ¦ neirhborhood.
¦ A GREAT BARGAIN."
$2.600— Worth $3500; rent $23; -2 bay-window
• i ' . Hat's, containing 6 and 6 rooms, baths,
etc.; brick foundation: on Duncan st
near Dolores: lot 25x114 feet; only 1
block from Guerrero-st. cars. •
$6,250 — Page-st.* residence, near Scott; mod-
ern 2-story house of 9 rooms, bath and
basement; lot 25x137:6; new plumbing
.««/<« Sl C-: nouse ls KOod as new : a bargain.
$6,000 — Two nice flats on Clayton, close to
.™^ Haight: lot 25x125: rent $50.
$20,000— Valencia St., near 16th; a handsome 3-
¦ • story building, containing stores and 4
flats, each with 7 rooms and bath; lot
more than 50x05; at present rents are
• low, bringing only $122; property has
good future.
ARTISTIC HOMES,
COMMANDING GRAND VIEWS.
$3,500 — Best house ever offered for the money;
-large sunny rooms; all latest con.
- venlences; big lots, 30x137:6; splendid
neighborhood; In Western Addition;
terms same as rent. '
$7,250— Guerrero, near 22d; 4 flats; rents $64;
- lot 37:6x115. with 2 frontages.
We publish 'a monthly list containing full
description - of both improved and unimproved
property -for sale -in all sections of the city,
which we will cheerfully send to you.
LYON & HOAG.
. 114 Montgomery st.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
county of San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale -estate, were sold at auction on Maxell
. 21; the time- for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28.
at 2 o'clock p. m., in Department 9: any per-
son may appear in court on that day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder, if
the . price ls satisfactory to the court, will
secure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
this paper. For all Information, apply to
: . •¦ . .McGLTNN * MENTON..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22.
- Chronicle building.
CITY OP RICHMOND— Invest your savings In
the new manufacturing town; lots from $180
— $25 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad,
- Standard Oil Company, Southern Pacific Com-
pany—all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
; opportunity for- investment; send for free
maps and all information. Richmond Land
Company (Inc.), 182 Crocker building. San
Francisco. Cal.
CHEAP, pew cottage's rooms; all modern im-
; provements; large lot;. high finished baso-
- ment; oh S. F. and San Mateo car line. See
owner on premise?, Chenery and Falrmount
its.; small amount cash, balance like rent. .
FOR Sale or Lease — House of 11 rooms, bath:
in- University Mound Tract; fine suburban
residence; terms reasonable. For further In-
formation apply Geo. L. Perham, 2779 Folsom.
$1350 — A SNAP in a new modern cottage; bath.
sink and closet; $350 cash, balance $14 per
. month; no taxes or Interest; SO minutes to
3d st. "WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market.
NEW and nicely finished cottage, 6 large
rooms and bath: sunny, with all modern 1m-
. provements. 658 San Jose , ave., between
28th and 29th sts. ; San Mateo cars pass door.
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
sts.; 75x75/ with Improvements: make an
offer. '•>, PATTERSON & CO.. H City Hall
' square. ¦ . ¦ . '" - ¦'-¦" :.. ; . ¦
HAIGHT'and Fillmore sts. , northwest corner:
transfer point: 150x137:6. ASHTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
CHOICE table grape land; near S. F.; plctur-
: esque; cheap. Room 1, 410 Kearny st.
$1000=— COTTAGE and lot at Sunnyslde THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
HOUSE and lot, $950: 5 rooms. 107 Elsie St..
¦ ~ three blocks from Mission, oppposite 20th.
S500C— Sacrifice; nice flats; Mission warm belt;
well rented. Owner, box 4956. Call office.
$3500— MUST be gold; $3000 cash only: rents
$60. '¦'¦ Apply 2623 Sutter St., near Lyon.-' . ¦:¦>.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
• 16 page*. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO . exchange for lodging-house/ 181 acres in
•'.'" Ca pay Valley; 22 acres In apricots and
; prunes; 6-year-old orchard. - Box 4986. Call.
FOR sale or exchange— Beautiful I income San
- Jose borne for city property. „ Box 1440. Coll.
REAI* ESTATE — CITY—-FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street.
$3,300 each — Devisadero St.. near Golden Gate
ave.; 2 choice building lots, 25x100
each; suitable for flats. • .
$8,000— New corner residence on Masonic ave.;
short distance from Haight St.; lot 25x
115; modern residence, 8 rooms and
bath; 3 rooms in attic. 3 rooms in
basement; house frescoed and coro-
. mania splendid view; carpets go with
the property; excellent residence for
doctor.
$12,500— Rents $82; Folsom St., through to
i Clementina; lot 25x100; brick house
and tenements.
$7,500 — Rents $70; 2 new flats, near Park en-
trance; -lot 25x100; nothing better to
be had.
$0,000— Rents $58 per month; splendid build-
ing en large lot, 50x100, within %
block of Howard and Oth sts. ; no small
thoroughfare; nothing better to be had.
$9,CC0 — Business corner; pavs 10 per cent net;
large lot, 75x75; lot alone worth $7500: .
improvements consist . of store and
flats; new throughout; sanitary plumb-
ing, etc.; store used as grocery; thick-
ly populated district, south of Market.
$3,600 — Rent $39 per month; near corner of
Folsom and 10th; 4 j separate flats;
splendid repair; good tenants; lot 27x
75; worth Investigating.
$40,000— Full 50-vara lot, 137:0x137:6; old
buildings at present rent for $232 50
per month; only 2 blocks from Market
St.; a handsome increase can be real-
ized in the near future.
$C,500 — Russ St., near Howard and 6th sts.;
lot 30x100; large house, IS rooms and 2
baths; rents $000 per year.
$G,25C — Price reduced from $7500; owner anx-
ious to sell; lot 50x75; 6 fiats on Ritch
st.. near 3d and Brannan; rents $73
¦ • per month.
Send to our office for a printed liet.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST.
Excels Anything In Building Sites
See and judge for yourself
...Your own terms; monthly installments...
..Home lots in blocks fronting G. G. Park..
17th. 18th. 19th and 20th aves.. H and I sts,
..Opposite Strawberry Hill and new Park..
Entrance or. H st. and 10th ave. boulevard.
Electric Cars Pass Property.
Lots and streets on official grades, ready for
building
Gas end water Plank sidewalk*
Welsbach street lamps
Superior residences and Improvements. ...
• r Better class of property
Call at once at branch office, cor. H st. and
Oth ave. (open week days, Sundays and holi-
days), south of Golden Gate Park; horse and
buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
; 10 Montgomery st.
§250 AND UPWARD.
Monthly Payments If You Prefer.
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works, Tubbs
Cordage Factory, Sugar Refinery and lands
purchased by Santa Fe, located on Twenty-
third. Missouri. Texas, Mississippi, Indiana
and Minnesota sts.
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take Third-st. cars, get off at Kentucky and
Twenty-third sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENT.
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
BUSINESS CORNER.
PRICE $16,500— RENTS $1800 A TEAR.
Prominent business corner in Western Addi-
tion; lot 32:6x100; splendid building; drug store
below with 5 rooms and bath; leased for 5
years: 2 elegant modern flats above of 8 rooms
and bath each; all sunny outside rooms* total
rents $150 per month; $10,000 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain if desired; property pays
17 per cent net. allowing the mortgage to re-
main.
Particulars at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$10,^00 — $1170 per annum; 3 swell flats near
the Park: only 1 year old; lot 25x106.
*C,000 — Oak Et.. n^ar Fillmore; 2 modern fiats,
5 and 6 rooms; rents $45; lot 25x137:6.
Eddy st. — New up-to-date flats. 8, », 9 rooms;
rents $170; lot 27:«xl20; call for par- j
ticulars; they are beautiful flats and
will be sold at a bargain. ¦ - •
$16,000— Snap; rents $145; ;j modern flats on
Sacramento st.; contains 7, 8 and 8
rooms, basement, etc.; lot 25x130.
$15,000 — Rents $1450; Buchanan st. ; Just fin-
ished; 3 up-to-date Hats, 7, 8 and' 8
rooms; porcelain tubs: patent wash
trays; electric appliances, etc.; lot
25x110.
$7,000— Hill st.. near Valencia; 2 modern
flats. 5 and 6 rooms; well rented; lot
25x114. .
$6.500 — $720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
ed; large lot, 44xS0; Clara St., near
Sixth.
$10,000 — Fulton St.. near Devisadero; new up-
to-date flats; rent $85; lot 30x137.
$5,500 — Fillmore st.. near Oak; choice lot for
flats; note the sire. 37:6x110.
$5,500 — Grove st., near Lyon; modern flats, 6
rooms, bath and basement J rents $510
per annum; lot 25x137:6.
Block on Folsom and 20th sts. and Treat ave.
in subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x35;
one-third cash, (J per cent interest;
streets paved with bituminous rock,
and cement sidewalks.
$5,000 — Modern flats. 5 and C rooms, with
stable, on Folsom St., near 21st; cheap.
$2,650 — Snap; 2-story house, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well St.. near 20th, renting for $20;
lot 30x122:6; stable in rear: lot worth
price asked; don't miss this.
$3,700 — Post st., near. Scott; another snap; lot
25x87:6; with two cottages; rents ?25.
$1,300 each— 3 large lots, 2£x96 each, on Al-
pine st., near Ridley; extended view;
close to Haight-st. cars.
$3,500^ — Harrison St.. near 3d; 2-story house, 7
rooms, renting for $25; lot 25x85.
We have several good blocks and larger cor-
ner lots for sale in Mission and Potrero suit-
able for factory purposes; send or call for par-
tlculars. CENTER & SPADER.
BOVFE, TOY & SONNTAG,
BEiL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
C24 Market Et.
$75,000 — Choice cor., near Market and 4th
Ms. : good substantial bids;. ; rents $430 per mo.
$37,000 — Geary St.. near Taylor; fine 3-story
bldg.; lot 37 :6 front: rent $175 per month.
SeO.OOO — Rents $275 r«r month; good 3-story
bide half block from Orpheum.
$25,500 — Rente $2100 pej- annum; an elegant
NW. cor. in Western Addition; 5 good 2-story
houses; always rented.
$52.500 — Rents $.1216 per annum; close to
Union Square; 3-story and basement modern
building; corner.
$3750 — Jessie et.. near Fourteenth; lot 50x80
feet; {rood 2-story house upon same.
$4500 — Julian ave^, near 16th; lot 30x100;
Impts. consist of flats and rear house; rents
$42 f«0 i-er month.
$3250 — Harriet st.. near Harrison; 4 flats;
rents ?36 per month; always rented.
£5500 — Hotel In Mission containing 31 rooms
and bath, barroom and large dining-room;
completely furnished; lot 40x100.
$4sOO-Stevenson St., near 13th; four good
flats; rents $42 per mo.
*3100— Lot 25x106 feet, close to Panhandle.
$7O00 — Brannan «t., near Fourth; lot 30x160
ft.; 2-story modern bldg. upon same; rents $60
per month.
$8000 — Golden Gate . ave.. near Octavia: lot
37:6x120 ft. : frood 14-room house upon eame;
rents ?K5 per month.
$14.000 — Good 14-room residence on Califor-
nia st.. near OeUvia; lot 34:0x137:0; rent $75
per month; tenant pays water.
$7500— Union st.. near Fillmore; 2 modern
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6
fe«»t; rents $65 per month. •
Fvrther particulars of .
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG. 024 Market st.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. ~
117 Sutter st.
A HOME TALK.
Our plan is to soli you a home on the same
monthly payments that you now waste in rent.
We have two new modern cottages on the
HEYMAN TRACT. 632 Douglass st. and 83*.
Alvarado, that you can have for your RENT
MONEY.
Take Mlrslon-st. car, transfer to 22d. Open
for Inspection Sunday.
27xjDO — Fire lot on Corbett ave., near 18th
St.: will 'build for party.
UnexoplW Ocep.n Beach lols from $150 up-
ward; $5 down and $1 per month. Tents to
rent for the summer.
Klmhunst. Alvin Tract— Lots 25x100. facing
r«Hrond station: 10 minutes from Oakland;
$00, $5 down, $1 per month.
JACOB HEYMAN.
-¦>--. - 17 Sutter «t.
LOTS ?150 AND f25O EACH. "
?25 down. ?5 and $10 monthly.
Greatest Surprise to Purchasers.
Hare vou ee?n our level Tract In the Ex-
celsior Homestead? Selling very; fast.
Near MisFion Street and Electric Cars.
No grading, all fenced. Spring Valley Water.
• Don't wait: see them to-day. . 'iv.Cj
Get off Cor. Mission st. and Brazil ave.,
walk short distance to our lots.
AL SMITH, L^**»l Art-it. 450 Edinburgh st.
SOL, GJCTZ & BROTHER.
¦_'-.: . • Room 54, Chronicle Bldg.
A BNAP— House. 8 rooms, $1400; terms same
as paying rent. Apply S.E. - cor. Alabama
and Montcalm ets. .
$25 CASH, $5 per month — Lots south of park;
sl«o lots ready for bulldlni? In "Sunnysldc."
! THE MCCARTHY CO.,,64« Market* et..
REAL ESTATE— COPXTRY— For Sale
BUTTE COUNTY.
$25,000 — 077 acres choice farming land good for
grain and fruit near two towns; all la
' level and every toot tillable; 12 miles
from Orovllle.'
$2C,400 — 24C0 acres choice orange and fig land;
outskirts of Orovllle, overlooking Sac-
ramento Valley; '2200 acres can be lr-
. rlsated.
SONOMA COUNTY.
$3,000—1000 acres, well fenced; good house
and barns, fruits, grapes and berries;
now conducted aa sheep ranch; 5 miles
from railroad.
$0,000—1160 acres ranch; subdivided for all
kinds stock; house, barns, orchard;
finely watered; 2 miles from town.
SHASTA COUNTY.
$35,000—3267 acres stock ranch; level land; 4
miles from Burney Postofflce; all
f kneed into fields; 2 acres orchard; :i
farm houses, 5 . barns: about \i ls
I • meadow and Irrigated land: plenty of
water to irrigate the whole tract.
_ MISCELLANEOUS.
$302,400— 11,200 acres timber land, partly un-
derlaid with coal; near Coos Bay.
$60,000 — 6000 acres Napa County pasture land.
$44,000—2000 acres fine level land: Yolo Co. .
$28,000— SCO acres; Glenn County; ad Joints Clt-
' rona.
$22,000— Standing timber estimated 50,000.000
feet; sugar pine, yellow pine, flr and
cedar; Plumaa County.
$18,700—1100 acres upland: good for fruit; all
been plowed; in Yolo County.
$9,000 — 300 acres good orange and lemon land;
near Porterville.
$4,800 — 320 acres; Colusa: good oil prospects.
$1,920—320 acres; good fruit land; Lake Co.
$'50^ — 15 acres; mixed fruits; excellent »-
year-old orchard; Yolo County.
$«>.000 — Two-story residence and stables; good
condition; brick foundation; lot T5x
160; Los Gatos.
$650— Building lot. 25xlOS; Oakland.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Hayward Building.
__ _
$250.
$250.
$250.
$250.
SUBDIVISION at Frultvale. Alameda County:
40 lots ready for building: streets graded and
sewered; gas and water pipes laid; these lots
are at Frultvale station — not miles back in
the country — but at the statton and 1, 2 and
' 3 blocks from it; just the right distance from,
the railroad and on the- right aide of It; tha>
climate of Frultvale ia the best in the State;
trains to San Francisco every half hour; com-
mutation tickets bring the fare down to 5c
per trip; electric roads to Oakland. Alameda.
San Leandro, Haywards and Laundry Farm;
first-class schools; Frultvale Is building up
fast: many people- are getting away from tha
winds and fog3 and building homes among
the flowers at Frultvale. where children can
be protected from the many temptations oC
the city, yet enjoy all its advantages: for a
short time these lots will be sold at $250)
each; terms cash; they are very cheap at that
prlce^ — actually below market value; the low
price Is made to effect quick sale; they are a
good investment at $250 and sure to be worth
< much more money in the near future: it is a
golden opportunity to build a home and will
not last long; go and see them to-day; tak*
Oakland local train (broad gauge).
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Fruitvale and 5 Market at., '
Agents.
THORNE & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
GEORGE A. RAYMOND,
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Bldsr.
$o,000 — Mountain View. Santa Clara Co.. 20
acres, of which 6 acres are in young
orchard, apricots, peaches and wal-
nuts; 13 acres in hay; house of 11
rooms, good barn, windmill and tank
with an abundance of water; very
many large oak trees on the place;
a first-class bargain.
?25, 000— Beautiful residence In San Rafael;
west end: large grounds.
$35,000 — Ross Valley; 30 acres: beautiful resi-
dence; the choicest place of the valiey.
$3,500 — Ross Station; beautiful cottaga on
finely timbered large lot.
$10,500 — Beautiful modern residence In Marin-
ita Park, near Hotel Rafael; 9 larg«
¦ .. lots.
$10,000 — Residence" on Petaluma ave.; beautiful
grounds of over 2 acres.
Many other beautiful properties in San Rafael
and Ross Valley.
All properties referred to are exceptionally de-
sirable.
GEQ. A. RAYMOND. Mllla Bldg.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS! • ' '
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
income-producing orchards, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush, having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands, and being the owner of aa
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains in tbe Stat*.
SAN MATEO. -' ,•
FAIR OAK3.
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and homes
In these beautiful places: also some handsomely
furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON.
20 Montgomery st. .
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View. Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m.. In
Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
I the highest bidder, if the price Is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property ef the estate for sale same
day. see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. .For all information,
apply to
McGLYNN k MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room
22. Chronicle, building.
A FARM. 75 acres, 2 miles from Felton. 10
- miles Santa Cruz; 40 acres cultivated: 25
acres choice apples; balance pasture: hard-
finished dwelling. 5 rooms, barn, etc: run-
ning water piped; will make a fine home;
price $5000. >..,.•:¦/
';«¦¦ We have other lands for grazing, grain or
any other crop in good locations and at rea-
sonable terms;. we invite landseekers to visit
our office. McAFEE BROTHERS. .
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
A BARGAIN— TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
A 10-acre full bearing prune orchard - Ia
Santa Clara Valley. % mile from public.
. grammar and high schobls ; improvements ar«
a modern 8-room cottage, with bath and toi-
let, stable, carriage-house, tank and .wind-
mill, man's quarters, chicken-house and yard,
deep well, irrigating plant, steam pumps in
perfect order; full line of orchard Imple-
ments: will be sold on ea$? terms to suit
. purchaser. Inquire J. H. PERINE. 323
Montgomery st., room 211, San Francisco. "
$350fJ — COZY country home of something over
3 acres; all in bearing fruit trees; fine mod-
ern cottage: good bath; latest plumbing; high
basement; house cost $2350; nice barn, cost
$SOO: owner ls in Alaska and must sell; about
1 hour's drive from .Oakland; V,, mile to SL
R station and electric car line.
E. J. STEWART ft CO.,
'/J, •.¦¦¦».•- 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE.
Ten acres with good Improvements; five-room
bouse and barn; large orchard: big oak trees:
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
mus Tract; any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered: no agents. CHRIST BECK. Aul Del,
Redwood . City. .
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCCh^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. -302 California. St.. tor
pamphlets and information.
MENU) PARK — 5^acre lots; 1 hour from city;
26 dally trains: pure water; spreading oaks;
rich soil; telephone: electric lights; free mail
delivery; every convenience; $200 per acre;
easy terms; don't wait. WM. GORDON
- GRIFFITH. Hearst building. :
$700 — A SI?AP In 160 acres In Lake Co. : nous*,
barn, orchard, abundance of wood and water.
$1350 — 160 acres, all level, in Lake Co.; 2
miles from town; house, barn, orchard: plen-
ty of wood and water. C. F. MOORE, 939
Market st. , •
600 ACRES at a bargain; fine land: no adobe:
oak trees; very best of Improvements; good
water rupply; adjoining railroad station: 13
trains each way dally: just the place to sub-
divide. ' GEORGE W. LOVIK. Redwood City.
NICE ranch 32^4 acres, 'half mile from So-
noma; all Improved In vines, fruit, hay, etc.;
fine country home; will be sold cheap on ac-
count of death. M. JOOST & BRO., 61S
Oough st., S. F. - . .
INVEST your savings' in Point Richmond lots:
prices sure to advance: '$25 cash. $3 per
month; information mailed free. Richmond
Land Company, 1S2 Crocker building. San
Francisco. ¦
A SNAP— Finest country home In San Mateo
County; 23 acres of beautiful grounds; ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; V> mile from sta-
tion; 29 miles from city; 2« dally trains.
CEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. .
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prun»
lands to sell: risht locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt. r. 203.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8^ F.. ft San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty^ and Trust
Co., Hayward building. *•
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land D«pt..
. AmeTicanGuaranty&Trust Co.. Hayward bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
For Additional Classified Advertljs-
Bjents See Page Titfrty-«ijtlit.
,-¦-¦¦¦¦•¦ : . ¦ ¦-¦¦'¦
REAL ESTATC— CITY.-.FOR SALE.
G~\i TuMBSEN & CO.
14 Montgomery Street.
Real Estate.
$110 000 — Rents $S00 r<?r month; downtown ho-
tel secured lease; large lot, 54x137:0.
f 51,000— Runt* $41 j per month; 7 newly con-
structed and elegantly appointed flats,
near Sutter and Hyde sts.; large lot,
40x137:0.
$37,500 — Rents $230 per month; Ellis St.. near
Taylor; substantial building of 36
rooms, under lease.
$31, COO — Rents $250 per month: Sixth St.; good
improvements, consisting of 4 stores
and S flats; 75@90.
$20,000— Rents $25u i>er month; corner oppo-
site Park Panhandle; new building,
containing 7 flats of 7. 8 rooms and
hath each; eteadily rented.
$2.". 000 — Rent $S0 i>er month; corner on Van
Ness ave.; substantial bay-window
residence of 10 rooms and bath; 35x
100.
J^.-lOo — Corner on Vallejo St.; an elesant resi-
dence of 17 rooms, handsomely fin-
ished, commanding a marine view;
large lot, (5}s:!txl37:6.
$20, 000— Rents $180 per month; near Sixteenth
and Mission sts.: 12 well-constructed
flatf. eteadily rented; 135x85.
$1S,COO— Kents $130 per month; Ellis st., near
Larkin et. ; a modern flats and cottage
on rtar street; 27:0x120; 2 frontages.
?l7,r>00 — Rents $100 !>er month; near Harrison
and Third sts. ; improvements consist
of 5 substantial 2-story houses in per-
fect order and larje lot SOxSO- a
pood buy.
?1C400— Rent* $126 per month; 3 modem flats
of -7, 8 rooms and bath each; all In
perfect order; lot 37 :« feet front.
$15,000 — Rents $120 per month; Octavia Et.,
near Ellis; 3 modern flats of 7. 8
rooms and bath each: 25xS2:0.
JH.vOO— Rents $105 per month; Leavenworth
et.. near Pine; 2 3-stcry houses of 10,
11 rooms and bath each; lot 57:ti feet
front.
$l",r.00— Rents J1C2 50 per month; Post st.,
rear Laguna; 3 newly constructed
fiats cf 6 roorns and bath each; 25:Ux
1 37 ¦ C
$12,500 — Rents $93 per month; choice corner
on Page st. ; store and 2 flats, of 5, 6
rooms and bath each.
$11,000— Buchanan st.. near Sacramento; well-
built 2-story residence of 10 rooms,
bath, bllllard-room. etc., in perfect
•.,y~t order; splendid location; 25x110.
JlO.uOO — Rents *lti5 per month; McAllister St.;
3 modern flats of «J, -7 rooms and bath
o ~w* each: newly constructed: 25x137:6.
f 10. COO — Rents $U5 ptr month; choice corner
on Pacific st. ; good improvements; 3
frontages.
$10,000 — Rents $U2 50 per month; Masonic ave.
3 newly completed flats of tf. 7 rooms
and bath each; substantially built;
25x106. •
$9,500 — Jackson st.. near Webster; well-built
2-stcry house of 10 rooms and bath;
large lot. 30x117 to an alley; choice
residence location; must sell; make
offer.
$S,750 — Rents $75 per month: Webster St.; 2
newly constructed flats of 8, 9 rooms
and bath tach; elegantly finished.
5S.500 — Rents >0C per month: Vallejo St.. near
Van Ness ave. ; 3 well-built flats of
t>, 7 rooms and bath each; in perfect
order; 25x122:0.
$8,000 — Rents $73 per month: Fillmore St.; 2
newly built flats of 7. W rooms and
bath each; elegantly finished; choice
location; 25x9^:9.
JS.OOO — Pott et., opposite Park; well-built 2-
Etory residence of 8 rooms and bath,
in perfect order; brick found&tion,
etc.; 25x112.
$7.500^ — Rents $t>0 per month; Sacramento st. :
2 flats of « rooms and bath each, and
rear cottage of <3 rooms and bath; all
in trood order; 30x127.
$7,250 — Baker ft., rear Park; modern resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; elegantly
finished, with all modern conveni-
ence?; "3x100.
$7,200 — Rents $50 per mor.th; Page St.: 2 flats
of <i, 7 rooms and bath each: 25x137:0.
$7,000 — Cole St., near Park Panhandle; newly
constructed residence of 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished: 25x103.
$7.000 — Rents $55 per mor.th; near Fillmore
and Waller tts. ; 2 newly constructed
flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath each;
rtar portion of lot and fronting rear
street vacant.
$0,500 — Rents J47 So per month: Lyon St..
near Park Panhandle; 2 fiats of 6, 7
rooms and "uath each, in good order;
25x100.
$6,5C0 — Scott St.. opposite Park; well-built 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath,
in pood order; 25x90. . .
$6.000 — Rents $^5 per month; Bush St.; 3
fiats of 5, 7 rooms and bath each, in
Ifood order; brick foundation, etc.;
27:6x137.
$6,000 — Scott et.; well-built 2-story house of
7 rooms and .bath; stable in rear;
driveway, etc.; 27:0x123:0.
$5,600 — Rents $45 per month; corner on
Twenty-third et. : new building, con-
taining store and 2 flats of 4, 5 rooms
and bath each; 25x100.
$5,500 — Green St.; well-built 2-story residence
of 11 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 25x100.
$5,500»— Buchanan st. ; substantial 2-story
residence of 7 rooms and bath, in
perfect order; key lot: sun all day.
$4,500 — Haipht Ft.; well-built 2-story resi-"
dence of 8 rooms and bath, in perfect
order; nicely elevated and command-
ing a view; 25x120.
$4.100 — Rents $4<"> per month; Harrison et..
near Twenty-fourth; 2 bay-window
flat* of 5 rooms and bath each; 25x
112:0.
$4,000 — An entire block south of Park; equal
to 50 lots.
$3,800 — Twer.ty-'ourth Ft.; cozy cottage of 5
rooms end bath; bay windows; brick
foundation; large garden and lawn;
55x114.
$3.750 — Rents $">3 per month: Post et. : 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each, with rear
cottage of 3 rooms; must be sold to
close an estate.
$3.500 — Rents Jll per month; Devisadero 6t..
near Ellis; old improvements; good
location for flats; 25x100.
$1.600— Rents $10 per month; Fifteenth st. :
cottage of 6 rooms; large lot. 40x103.
Call or write for our "Real Estate Record."
containing a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
L«Xeet Pocket Map of San Francisco, 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery et.
G. H. VMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery- et.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom, MONDAY, April 21, 1902, at
12 o'clocck noon.
FOURTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Partition Sale.
Nos. 134 end 136 Fourth et., bet. Mission
end Howard; good Fubstantial brick building,
containing two Etores on ground floor; upper
floors occupied as a hotel; rents $2S7 50 per
month; lot ;i J : 4 ' j xl to irregular to Howard
court: two frontages.
CHOICE INVESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE
AVENUE.
Nos. 631 and C33 Golden Gate ave.. near Van
JCe*s ave. ; 2 large substantial houses of 10
rooms and bath; rent $100 per month; rear por-
tion cf lot fronting Locust ave.; vacant lot
50x120; two frontage*.
SARAH J. BROWN ESTATE.
Executor Salp.
ICo. 151S Larkin st.. easi line, bet. Facra-
mento and Clay: substantial 2-story residence
of 7 rooms and bath: must be sold to close an
estate; subject to confirmation by the court.
E. HETHERINGTON ESTATE.
Administrator- Sale.
fi.E. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.; sub-
stantial 2-story and basement frame building
consisting of etore. 4 rooms and ffat of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 25x100; subject to confirmation
by the court.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
fi.W. corner Scott and Oak sts.; modern resi-
dence of 9 rooms and b8th. In perfect order;
brick foundation; Ftone walks and both streets
accepted by the city; only three blocks from
Park; bank mortgage of $3000 can remain; lot
25x106:3.
CHOICn MISSION CORNER.
6.W. corner Twenty-second and Bartlett ste.;
pubFtantial 2-story bay-window residence of 12
room6 and bath, brick foundation, etc.; rents
$40 per month. This choice corner could be
made to yield gwl result? if the present kuild-
Ing was converted into flats and stores con-
6tru ( *ted on prr.und floor: close to transfer point.
MISSION -ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 2720 Mission Ft., west line. bet. Twenty-
third end Twenty-fourth sts. ; this choice prop-
erty will be offered either as a whole or in
subdivisions: dwelling contains 7 rooms and
bath; lot 100x125.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
K.W. corner Mason and Lombard sts.; this-
large corner properly improved would yieU
Urge returns; COxK2:6.
CHOICE CORNER FRONTING PARK.
N.E. corner Ftanysy and Grove ets.; this
choice corner will be offered as a whole or in
fubiJIvisicnt; C0x10«:3.
REFEREE SALE.
Choice building lots. Fifteenth et.. south line
junction of Market and Fifteenth; 25x100 eaca;
subject to confirmation by the court.
T. O'Lesry Estate.
Executor Sale.
N.W. corner Thirteenth ave. and P street
South. Nos. 1116. 1118. 1120 and !124 P et.;
corner 2T»xl00 not built on; rents $C3 per rnontft;
eufcject to confirmation by -the court.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
CoUinswood et.. west line bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth.
«»--r 19-* *'
No. 2.
No. 22S Collingwood St.; cottage of 4 rooms;
let 27: Cxi 25.
For catalogues and further particular* ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN'. .' ¦
C 1 0,000 — A choice piece of income property,
lisying over 1 t»er rent ner month, with very
large lot. CO feet wide.* with extra depth la
rfar: must lie p-ild to close partnership; close
to Vallejo and Powell. v
(1050 — Fine, cheap lot, clore to cars and
ready to build on; all eood houres in neigh-
borhood; Chattanooga, near 22d; 2Gxl25.
$350 — A enap; level lot on Crescent ave.. close
to the Mipsion-st. cars; ready for building;'
thlg Is a' fine rhane-e to secure a lot for a home
cheap. McEWEN BROS. US Montgomery et.
$6000— fi ROOMS and bath: Cl*y St.: Preeldlo
Helsbtc THE MCCARTHY CO.. ma Market. !
1 REAL ESTATE— CITV— FOR SALE.
SHAINWAI.D, BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
- ¦ . 218-220 Montgomery st.
We desire to notify the buying public that
we have a number of first-class -investments
under contract at very low figures. Prlnsipals
may call and get lull ' particulars. .
, , £'.'',¦
$8,000 — Vallejo St., : near . Buchanan; modern
2-story residence of 7 rooms and bath;
rented at present time for $35; lot
. : 23:l%xl36:6 feet.
$13,500 — Fulton, near Steiner St.; elegant mod-
ern residence of 15 rooms and bath;
lot 37:Cxl37:C feet; a bargain.
$2,850 — Douglass St., near 17th; good 2-stcry
house of 7 rooms and bath, stable and
well; lot 54x137:6 to rear street; an-
other bargain. . ' ;
$2,600 — Broadway, near Taylor st. ; f ramo cot*
tape of 7 rooms and -bath; lot 22x62:6
• • feet; grand view; very central. .:
$2,500 — Lot northeasterly cor. 25th and Castro
sts, ; lot 50x89 feet; positively the
. cheapest lot in this section.
$3,125— Fillmore st., near Hayes; fine build-
ing lot. 25x100:3 feet. . •'
$31,500 — Bush, near Hyde st.; 14 flats; rents
$205 monthly: always rented; lot 66x
117 feet; fine investment.-
$35,000 — New modern marino view residence;
large lot, 65x127 :8>4 feet; hardwood
finish throughout; living room, 17x34
¦ . feet; other rooms in proportion.'
$10,000— Southwest corner Bryant and Zoe sts.,
between Third and Fourth; store and
3 flats; rents $81 per. month; In good
condition; lot 25x80 feet. ,
$3,000 — Vallejo st., near Jones; marine view
property; improvements, rent for
$27 50: lot 34:9x68:9 feet.
$300. a front foot — In sizes to suit; Frank-
¦ lin st.,/ near California; undoubtedly
the best residence ' locality !n the
1 Western Addition. -• .
$14,000 — Jackson St., near Polk; fine modern
residence of 12 rooms' and bath; would
rent for ?95; lot 35x127:8*4 *««*;
':{",-• would 'make fine location for doctor's
office and residence.
'110,000 — New Bastlake residence; . Presi3lo
Heights; grand marine view; 12 rooms
and bath; just completed; lot 25x
102 :8H feet. .
$3,700 — California st., between First and Sec-
ond aves. ; 2-story hsuse, 7 rooms and
bath; hardwood floors; lot 23x62:0 feet.
$3,500 — Washington st., near Cherry;, grand
marine view; lot 35x118 feet; a pesi-
I tive bargain. . ¦ ••'¦ ¦
$45,000 — Jones St., near Turk;lot 55x82:6 feet;
frame Improvements rent for $170 per
month; further particulars at ou»- of-
fice. . - - , . •
$12,000 — Washington st., near Webster; modern
residence of 9 rooms and ' bath ; beau-
tifully situated; large lot, 47:6x02:4%
feet. .
$5,000 — Market st., near Sanchez; flne£ lot;
27:8x110. ,'
$S,200— Woodward ave., near Fourteenth st. ;
3 modern flats, 6, 7 rooms and bathj
rents $73; lot 25x65 feet; fine Invest-
ment. >
$7,250— Fillmore St.. near Sacramento; trans*
' fer point; 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath; rents $50; lot 25x00:6 feet.
$6,750 — Lsavenworth St., near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good condition; rents
*54; lot 80x60 feet.
$12,500 — Grove St., near Larkin; lot 30x120,
I • with fine building of store and 2 up-
per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
City Hall. ;
$750 — Blake st., near Point Lobos ave.; lot
.27x120 feet: a bargain.
$150 per front foot— Van Ness-ave. corner;
lot 62:6x98 feet; one of the few cor-
ners still for sale on this avenue.
$17,600 — Misslon-st. corner, 110x100 feet; truns-
' fer point; all rented under lease;
splendid' buy. '
$2,500— Zoe st., bet. Bryant and Brannan and
Third and Fourthi tenements; lent
$30; lot 25x70 feet; a bargalix
$18,000 — McAllister, rear Pierce; 3 elegant new
flats, just finished; 6, 7 and 8 rooms
and baths; rents $155 monthly; lot
23x100 feet. . .
$12,000 — Corner near Golden Gate Park; hand-
some modern residence of 12 rcoms
and 2 baths; oak finish, hardwood
floors; lot 25x100 feet.
$20,000 — Bush St., near Mason; 3-story frame
dwelling of 20 rooms: rented as a
boardlngrhouse; rent $100 r larga lot,
40:9x137:6 feet.
$10,750 — Twenty-second St., near Valencia; a
snap; 4 flats on lot 44x114 and vacant
- s lot adjoining of 21x114 feet; flats rent
for $72; entire lot 65x114 feet; must
sell to dese estate: a bargain.
$4,750 — Clay st., near Fillmore; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
102:8%; best section In the Western
Addition.
$3,125— Fillmore St., near Hayes; building lot
of 25x100:3 feet; fine location for flats.
$8,500 — Post st., near Lag-ana; fine residence
of 8 rooms and bath; rents for $42 50;
lot 30x137:6 feet: a bargain.
$15,000 — Turk st., near Leavenworth: substan-
tial residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 23x137:6 feet: one of the few pieces
offered for sale in this neighborhood.
Get a copy of our printed list, of properties
for sale. . ' ,' '
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &' CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.), ~
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. - •
$13,500— McAllister, near Stelner; 25x137:6;
2 modern flats; rents $115.
$10,250 — Corner Third and Harrison; 20x57:6;
store and flat; rent $65.
$8500 — McAllister, near Buchanan; 28x137:6;
3 flats; rents $65 30.'
$10,000— Fillmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65. ,!
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 0 rooms and 2 rear flats;
rents $64. . .
$7600— Union, nr. .Dupont; 23x69; three-stoiv !
house; rents $75.
$6250 — Vallejo, nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
30:6x60; flats and cottages; rents $96.
$5000 — Leavenworth St., near Union; 25x
112:6; 3 hew flats; rent $53.
$4500— Bartlett, nr. 24th; 25x117:6 to rear,
street: 2 bay-window flats; rents $38.
$3100 — Church alley, north of Broadway;
stable and flats; 32x68:9; rents .$53 GQ. •
• UNIMPROVED.
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 3 lots, each 25x
137:0.
$9500— Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:6x
107:8%: • ¦-¦ ' '¦ ¦ . 4
$9C00 — Oth, near Harrison; 75x100.
$5000 — Green, near Polk; 50x115. ,
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45. J 10xl37:6.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:0x
102:8%. -~
$3500— Devisadero, near Union; 83x100.
$3500 — Fulton St., near Fillmore; 32:0x137:6.
$3000 — Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot. .
$2500— Union, nr. Webster; 34:4^x137:0.
$2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x07:6.
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
¦ $1300 per lot— Bryant aye., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:8x100.
$1000— 17th. near Uranus; 25x100. .
$1000— Sanchez, , near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$900 per lot— York, near Twenty-sixth ; 2 lots,
each 26:8x100.
$85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. ' ¦
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg. '
Real Estate — Loans — Investments, i ¦¦ "¦
$120,000-r-New building ; large lot; nets 6 per
cent. ' •
$75,000— Large corner within a few feet of Mar-
ket st.' . . . ,
$60,000 — Corner on Sutter St.. .
$15,000— Nice little corner; Inside of Van Ness;
¦ properly Improved will pay handsome-
ly; this property is for sale and an
¦ offer Is wanted. 1 - - . ¦'
$10,500 — This ls a good ."spec"; In the line of
greatest improvements;' no mistake if
you buy this; profit Is sure.
$5,000— Whole blopk- containing 50 lotsrnear
¦ . Golden Gate Park; there's money in
these lots; cash or exchange for im-
proved property. . -
$4,800 — Rents $57C annually; four flats, near
6th. and Mission: neyer vacant.
$3,500 — $60 per' month can be had by making
few alterations;, only 8 years built;
. contains 24 rooms; near 6th st. '¦: > .
$3,500— Large business corner on Point Lobos
¦ ¦ .1 ¦ avenue. . •¦; ¦ J . • ' . . - ¦'¦. ¦¦ . •¦ t, ¦ '
$1,000— This ls the, price wanted, but I am au-
thorized to sell for what it will bring:
If you want a fine lot in Richmond call '
for -particulars; somebody • can get a
bargain, why not you?
$1.050— 50x125 feet, within 250 feet of.22d st.
¦¦ car line; street work done; cheap. ¦'.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.'
SAN FRANCISCO. ' .
3508 Mission St.; store and living rooms; price
$2200; small payment . down, , balance same: as
rent. '. ¦ ' ,; •. . ' ' . :' .:.-¦.
1810 16th ave. : 3-room house; good lot; price
$800; $50 down, balance same as rent.- ...
1871 15th ave.; small, house; price $700; no.
payment down; monthly payment $9 80.
231 Palmer st.', near Chenery; 6 rooms, bath
etc.; price $1500; small payment. down, balance
same aa rent.' . .
211 De Montford ave., Ingleside; lot 50x125;
¦7-room cottage ; chicken houses - and barn ; one
block from car, line; price $1500; small payment
down, balance eame as rent. : ¦ .
>. y ¦'.-.,' 6UNNYSIDE. .-.-.'¦; ; .
'26 Circular ave.; flat of 6 1 ooms and store;
store rents for^ $8; price $1250; no ! payment
down; "same as rent. ', .,
231 Joost ave.; 4-room cottage; price $800; no
payment down; monthly payment $1120.
414 Forester ave.; 5-room cottage; price $850;
no payment down;. monthly payment $1190.'
I alsolhave a few houses to rent. . ' • . •
.A. E. RUDELL, 301 California stS
FOR sale4-A 'grand opportunity; a cottage
. nearly new; modern in every respect;, part
• cash;' must be sold immediately; -owner on
premises from 10 to 4. :918 Diamond St., near
'. Twenty-flfth. ' \, ¦¦I. ' v . V ' - -. ¦ r '; ' ¦¦-•¦¦
$4750 — NEW 8-rOom ¦ finished attic & i basement
.. res., ' N.E. cor. 8th ¦ ave. j and Lake . st. ;¦ 50x72.
$1250— MISSION cottage - and . lot. THE Mc-
• QARTH Y CO.; , 646 Market et. " •
$5500 — Big sacrifice;: nice flats;.' well rented;
.choice location Mission. Owner,' box 4989, Call.
$110,000 INVESTMENT; pays $750 per month.
. THE 1 MCCARTHY i CO.;- 646 Market st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 20,^ 19021
38
SrHTPRHAN REAJj ESTATE.
KOSS VALLEY — lO-room fiirnlshod house. nea.r
Utt'.on. for rent from June 1: ."ent *u0 per .
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Ariselmo.
ft" A«S ALIT» 1}B*" S ?_ KSYATE. -
S AVSALITO— For Bale or lease, beautiful re*l- I
de'ice of W. G. Barrett; modern house of Jii j
rooms, furnished: large fcTountis ; marine view ; :
near ferry. S. G. HINDES. 330 Market St. j
REAL ESTATE WASTED. ,
«V ANTED — Business and good income property
as Investment: no objectirn to mortgage;
must be of good value for price asked. Own- :
er's address, with particulars. Capital, box
4551. Ca.II office. ¦
WANTED — To buy on easy terms, a modern .
cottage in Richmond: also building lots for
home builders: principals , only. C F.
MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6. ¦ !
POINT RICH3IOJVD PROPERTY.
THIS C1TT OF
THE CITY OF
THE CITY OF
THE CITY OF ~ ' . :
RICHMOND
RICHMOND
RICHMOND
RICHMOND.
RICHMOND
Is the most rapidly growing city on the Pacific
to-day. It is the only point where the
:hree greatest commercial interests of the coun-
:ry come together. The Standard Oil Company.
:he Santa Fe Railroad system and the South-
•rn Pacific eystem nil meet here. This great ,
xio is now Investing millions of dollars in per- r
mancnt improvements. guaranteeiBS the tame- 1
Siate and stable growth of a great — lanufactur- i
LOTS FROM $180.
LOTS FROM $180.
LOTS FROM $180.
LOTS FROM *180.
LOTS FROM $180.
Note the easy terms — Only $25 cash, balance
IS Dtr month.
LAND WILL QUADRUPLE ITS PRESENT
VALUE IN TWO YEARS AND
NOTHING "CAN STOP IT.
Don't neplect this splendid chance to invest \
vour savings. Think of it — $23 cash and $5 per f
month secures a lot in this rapidly growing
place. Send for free maps and all informa-
tion.
Go over and examine for yourself.
Our agents on the ground will 6how the lots
md give particulars.
Take 9 a. m. Santa Fe Ferry; returning,
leave Point Richmond at 11:40. Go to-day.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.).,
Room 182, Crocker Bldg., San Francisco.
T>ID you ever stop to think what it means to
invest now at the beginning, when prices are 1
low. In a town?
At the terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad,
where the Standard Oil Company is expend-
ing millions.
Where the Union Iron Works is going to
build a big plant employing many men;
where there is deep water, and where ship
and rail meet.
THESE CONDITIONS EXIST
AT POINT RICHMOND.
LOTS IN THE
SANTA FE TRACT.
POINT RICHMOND.
All level Streets graded
Jl.Vi and up $15 cash. $5 monthly
McEWEN BROS 118 Montgomery «t
SOLE AGENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RE AL ESTATE.
SOME OF OUR BARGAINS.
$1200 — Fine building lot best part of San
JoFe avenue; S. snap.
$15<>0 — 5 rooms and bath; large lot.
$1500 — Nice 5-room cottage; lot 40x150; best
location.
$1650 — 6-rooms and bath; lot 25x150; must be
Mid.
$1900 — 7-room cottage; lot 40x207. with stable.
f2500 — 6- rooms and bath; 2-etory; lot 35x150.
J3000 — Elegant 6-room cottage; large lot;
foreclosure.
$3500 — 7 rooms and bath; Morton-st station.
$4500— Beautiful 8-room house; large lot;
must be sold.
$5500 — Elegant 8-room house; new; Central
ave.; a bargain.
$75Oo — Fine home; 12 rooms and bath; lot
»0x207; stable, etc.; sacrificed; well worth
$12,000.
Bee the bargains we offer at Foreclosure
prices. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY, .
1500 Park st. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings. _,
W. K. CONGER & CO..
REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — New modern 6-rocm cottage; lot 60x
307:6; close to station, schools and
street car line; easy terms; must be
seen to be appreciated.
$S50 — 4-room house, desirably located; lot 50
xlSO; fine chance to get a. nice little
home cheap.
$2600 — Modern «-room cottage: lot 40x150.
$2100 — «-room modern cottage: lot 37:6x150.
$3500 — We are building this elegant 8-room 2-
story house: finest location In town; will
sell on terms to suit.
$1900 — Will build you an. elegant 5-roora cot-
tage in one of the most desirable parts
of Alameda; email lot; terms to suit
Our tei-vices will be valuable to you if you
wish to buy, sell, rent or exchange property.
Money loaned.
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park st, Alameda.
Phone Grand 176.
$1000 FOR a fine cottage 4 large rooms and
bath; lot 50x106; eunny side of street;
half block frcm station.
520jO — New 5-room cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; eunny side; choice location.
$2500 for a fine 2-story house. of 7 rooms; lot
50x150; fruit and flowers; choice loca-
tion; must be sold.
H. G. MEHRTENS,
1520 Webster et, Alameda.'
HOUSES, cottages and lots for eale near
schools and stations ; also for rent furnished
and unfurnished bouses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO., Bay Station. Alameda.
$2350 — NEW cottase. 6 rooms; lot 35x120;
terms $250 cash, balance $30 per month. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st .
TWO beautiful residences for eale. Apply 406
Birth st.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
ALLEN'S LIST.
ALL ON PAVED STREETS.
CONVENIENT TO UNIVERSITY.
$573 — 50x135; east of Grove; near etation.
$900 — Eart of Shattuck; high ground; near sta-
tion.
$1075 — Choice corner; 2*4 blocks of U. C.
$1250 — Elegant west front: Hlllegass, nr. Derby.
S15O0 — JJOxl.tO; eaet of Shattuck. north of Haste.
$1800 — Very choice location; east of Ellsworth,
north of Haste.
$2250 — Choice corner; cast or Ellsworth.
RESIDENCES.
$2250—7 rooms; large lot; good location.
$3000 — New S-room; large lot; good location.
£•'{500 — New, 8 rooms; east of Telegraph.
$.'!7W) — Nice 7 rooms; east of Shattuck.
$3750 — Good 0-room house; nice location; fine
lot.
$405*) — Nice 12 rooms; nearly new; close In.
$4750 — Elegant home 0 rooms; handsome
grounds; fine location; near university
and Etatton.
$6500 — Very nice 10 rooms; fine location.
$7000 — Elegant U-room house; lot "Ox. 1 90; strict-
ly choice location. **
INVESTMENTS. "'J / V '.
$2200 — 7 rooms; rents for $22; well located.
$4500 — 10 rooms; rents for $42 60.
$4750 — 12 rooms ; rents for $50; nearly new;
extra gooA location for income.
$4750 — 16 rooms in nice condition; rents for $30;
decided bargain.
LYMAN ALLEN.
2129 Center st.. Berkeley.
flSfiO — NEW 5-room cottage; lot 40x100; $200
c*s-h. bal, $20 per month. W. C. MORAN
& CO.'
52100 — C LARGE rooms and bath; fine barn;
lot 60x100; $200 cash, bal, $15 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200— NEW 7-room cottage; lot 50x140; 80-
foot street; '^ block to cars. W. C. MO-
KAN & CO.
$2000— NEV.- 0-room cottage; high basement:
nice lawn; lc*. SOxl»5: $200 cash, bal. $15
rwr month. W. C. MORAN *¦ CO.
t7if TX)TS In the Whaler Tract; will double
im\Ct; of one year; 51 already told; send
for me p. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2.V<i — 8-ROOM house : lot 45x100: on corner;
all sewered and city water connected: 5
courses of brU-k foundation : will trade for
ranch of «iual value or '..ill tell on wisy
tern-iF. \V. C. MOKAN & CO.. Lorln . Sta-
tion. Schmidt t)!ock. B'rkcltj-.
$7509— MCST BE ECLD.
Heauttful country home; thoroughly well
liullt h<uwc- of S rooms; 2 acres of ground;
;!0U frut trees; fr.f- garden; an i.ieU pu«. c
of rfctreat for a S. F. business man. Apply
' to JOK. J. MASON, real estate. UerUeley
station.
JUi"OO — FIX13 fl-rocm house fitted with window
shades, combination fixtures; large ' corner
lot; street work all done' and near the Ela-
tion; house cannot be duplicated for $2(K».
JOS. 3. MASON, real estate, Berkeley cUt'n.
$3760 — FINE new hquse of t rooms, 4 bed-
rooms, , gas. etc.; only S50 feet from electric
R. R. and near the 17. C. grounds; lot 50v
156. JOS. J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley
•Uticn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
. OhFiCt— 1118 bK. > AD WAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. „
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. .
903 Broadway, Oakland.
TWO SOLD — ONLY ONE LEFT.
ELEGANT NEW HOME.
' $3750
On Valdez st. (first. street east of Webster),
between 23d and 24th: Piedmont cars pass
property; Just completed; new modern colonial
2-story -houses; 7 rooms, bath and basement;
on sunny Bide of street; on beautiful high lot;
latest improvements; natural wood flnlsn
throughout; ¦ see these- houses to-day. • •
, - INVESTMENT."
On the east side of Webster st.. 25 feet
I south of Third; Just the location for ware-
house; lot 50x75. --
INVESTMENT. '.
$750. . „
Three lots. 75x130 in all; street work all
done; on west side Louisa st, bet B st. and
they Santa Fe Railroad.
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
70x100. west side Oak st, bet. 13th and 14 tb;
only $4500.
50x100; east side Oak st, bet 11th and 12th:
$2750; the improvements on the lot cost $2500;
these we throw in.
45x100; south side 13th st, bet. Madison and
Oak; only $2700. . •.
40x100: west side Madison St., bet 13th and
14th; only $2500. . ; .
50x116; east side West st., bet. 83d and 34th;
only $1000: other lots in this tract any size
desired at gTeatly reduced prices; send for map.
$3000. .
NE. corner 5th ave. and East 18th st ; 150x
160; very fine corner for homes or for business.
BEAUTIFUL HOME.
NW. corner 18th and Linden sts.; lot 130x129,
with an L running through to Chestnut st;
fine modern house of 9 rooms; all latest im-
provements; beautiful grounds; one of the best
buys in Oakland. .'
$6500. " ,
North side of 10th at, bet. Jackson and
Madison: lot 75x100; large cottage of 9 rooms;
all in Al condition; this place is a bargain;
plenty room for another house or flats.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. \
903 Broadway. Oakland.'
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1200— Nice sunny 5-room cottage In ' East
Oakland; good lot. 25x140 feet; street
work all done; cement sidewalks; one
block from electric car line; easy terms.
$1800— Reduced from ?2<j6o for quick sale; new.
modern cottage of 4 rooms, completely
furnlfrhed: in Fruitvale; over % acreoj
land; -chicken houses and corrals; 100
fowls go with place; see this at once.
I1S00— New 2-story modern fiat with storu be-
low: 5 nice sunny living rooms above:
building alcr.e ccst $2300: good as new
and in fine condition; 1 block from elec-
tric car line in East Oakland.
$2350— Fine new colonial modern 6-room house;
lot 35x150 feet, with barn; near Tele-
graph ave. ; this is less than cost and
must be sold; easy terms: see this at
once.
$2500 — Modern up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms;
high basement: fine terraced lawn;street N
work all done; fine location; within 2
Hocks of local station.
$3500 — Large 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; sun heater; hot water without
fuel at all times; every conceivable ac-
commodation; centrally located; con-
venient to electric cars, schools' and
churches.
$4350 — Beautiful home of 9 rooms; porcelain
bath and all other modern Improve-
ments; every room sunny; elegant loca-
tion; convenient to town, churches and
schools; original cost $6000: reduced for
a quick eale.
$4700 — Two very fine modern cottages of 7
rooms each; elevated lots; best locality;
near the local station; rent for $.20 per
month each. • '
. E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway,' Oakland.
$1000 — 708 FRANKLIN st, near Broadway
etation; old cottage. of 5 rooms;, lot 25x
' 75 feet; street work all done; stone
walks; big prospective value; house rent-
ed now; Improvements poor, but land
worth more than the price asked for en-
- tire property; terms If desired.
$3000— No. 1460 Filbert st. : Eastlake cottage of
: • 6 rooms, extra well built; first-class con-
dition; lot 40x125 (note the size); stone
walks; gravel driveway; open lawn;
fruit tress and garden, sunny and desir-
able; $500 down, balance monthly; lib-
eral discount for cash; take 14th or 16th
st. cars from Broadway.
$2250 and $3850 — Two cozy homes, 6x and 8
rooms, with all modern conveniences;
one is brand new; lots 29x100 and 46x
100; street work all done and stone
walks laid; nice open lawn In front of
both: would bring $50 per month; sunny
frontage; choice location; high ground,
sunny, desirable; close to school and
churches and , In the very best part of
town for prospective Increase in values;
a model home and investment combined;
look at IX.'. to-day; Nos. 674 and 676 33d
st. near Grove.
$3000— New house, Colonial style, of 8 rooms;
lot 60x140; 30th St., near^ Telegraph ave.;
a big bargain; cannot be duplicated for
the price.
70x100 feet on the' east side of 13th ave.. bet.
East 13th and East 14th sts.. Just one
block from Brooklyn station; electric
line In front; street bltumlnlzed; stone
walks laid: surrounded by business prop-
erty on all sides; will' sell, small lot If
desired; price $30 per front foot; this is
In the heart of East Oakland and the
best property there; worth at least $50
per front foot; look this ; up at once If
you want a bargain.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st, Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER, ~ "
REAL ESTATE.
4C7 Ninth street Oakland, Cal.
$20,000 — 2-story brick house; business corner;
store and flat above; Broadway, near
Sixth st : lot 25x100.
$2,600 — Store and flat; Telegraph ave., near
23d Et; lot 25x70.
$2,600 — Modern eottage of .5 rooms and bath;
/ N. side Sycamore st, near Grove; lot
/ 30x100.
$3,600 — Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
new and modern; Grove st, near 30th:
lot 40x100.
$3,600 — House of 8 rooms and bath; Franklin
st, near 10th; lot 25x75. 1
$15,000—3000 front feet: 47th, 48th, 49th sts..
near Telegraph ave. • '..' . •
$1,600 — Lot: Magnolia st, near 12th; 62:6x
133:3. " % ;'. ¦¦.'.-
Corner on Grove st, S. of 36th; 120x116; $30
1 per front foot. Corner on 8th St., near
Lake: 60x100; $45 per front foot
Lot 140x400 on S side of 32d st, near West;
'*• : $16 per front foot.
A. J. SNYDER. Real Estate,"
4C7 Ninth st," Oakland.
THE E.P. VANDERCOOK CO., -.'.-V'.--
.1016 Broadway, Oakland.
$1360— 6-room house near local station and
car line; a good investment; brings 14 percent,
or will make nice home. .
$1500—2 flats In a good renting location. -
$1750 — New modern 6-room ¦ cottage; lot 50x
130 feet; near Lorln station, Berkeley.
$3500 — Modern 7-room house on the Heights
of East Oakland; lot 50 feet front and double
frontage. :•¦'.' - ¦ *. , •¦ ... ;.-
$35 per foot — On Vernon st, in the finest res-
idence location of Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merrltt. '-.-V
$4500 — Lot 50x150 feet and 2-story, < 6-room
house on Webster st, between 14th and Du-
rant
•THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO., :
, Room 32. second floor.- Mills building,
*V / San Francisco, Cal.
$400 CASH/' $10 monthly — 5-room : cottage; 2
acres; artesian wells; outbuildings; | Immense
shade trees; profusion of shrubbery; creek
' running water the year round ; ' superb soil
and finely sheltered; away from fogs: and
winds; an ideal spot ¦ for a home; city water
and sewer; streets .macadamized; electric
cars front the property; postofflce, school,
churches, stores, etc.: business center; a rare
buy; adjoining Cast Oakland;, price, all. told,
$2600. Call or s»nd for circular; 453 Seventh
st, opposite Broadway Station/Oakland;
carriage free. ' .',.-. V . H. Z. JONES.-
SACRIFICE, immediately, • equity cottage, 107C
E. 15th. E. Oakland; 23d-ave. local.
O A KLAND FURNISHED FLAT FOR SALE.
COZY '. flat containing . 15 rooms, neatly •>¦ fur-
nished; good reason given for selling; a'.bar-
irain:' good location.- Inquire ' of ALBERT
SCHMIDT, 1122 13th ave., E. Oakland. Cal.
„, ' jjn J|AiaAND JMOM^, .^.
NINTH,' 219 (Oakland)— Two nicely' furnished
¦ rooms. • ¦_•__ • •' . . - •¦ • . -
OAKLAND BOARDERS. V/.^ ]
FURNISHED t " rooms with ' or without board ;
meals . $5 per week ; everything . first-class.
Fifth Ave, House, Cth v ave." and -18th st,
-' East Oakland: ; ¦ y .'. •>iv-;/
OAK LAKD /FPRMTCBE FO JV_ : 8 ALB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this montiCv^H?
ECHELLHAAS.- 408 Eleventh st, Oakland. <
I MISCELLANEOUS FO^_Jj*A^ E -- c o n _-
1 SEALSKIN of finest quality, same as «_• *»t
j 3rt; party going East: cost $225; will sell for
$100. Address box 1539. Call office.
SMITH Premier typewriter No. 2. « *«* Mllk-
ers* Union of California. 4-11 Pine at.
POINT RICHMOND Lots— Maps mailed free.
jjichmond Land Co.. 182 Crockerjalds^
ELEGANT saloon and P*nel doors ; _*£'£<
cheap. J. E. Whittler Co.. ISth and Foisom.
THE firm of Uncle .Harris has retired from
business. ' ...
FIRST-iCLASS equipment of restaurant for
sale cheap. Box 4793. Call office.
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. S f^. A^^--2'
KNOWLES Mission road, near Union raric.
i _yy__e*aj«R'S ""'"
Edison phonographs, records. 'uP^V^Mkt
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 93^ Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sires. «?*»£ **£**¦
and launches. J. E. PQAK. *8 Fremont st_
BOATS launches, rowboata carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
6AFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinexy.engines andbollert
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler.
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 510 Market.
MAGIC lanterns.' new and M-hand mojtn« ple-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13i> Beale st "
MISCELLANEOUS WAST3.-
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats ;^ *1*«> *«£»'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland l**a
Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Busn *34.
WANTED— Brick to lay by the thousand. Ad-
dress CHAS. EDWARD3. 934 Howard st
WANTED— Old V. S. and foreign stamps; n»
dealers. Address box 4967. Call office.
HIRE. 4x5 Eastman kodak: 1902 make; box J
or folding. Box 4889. Call office.
WANTED^Sheffleld plate waiters (or trays).
second hand. Box 4997. Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins ;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2351.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sIsm. any
condition. FarnsworthElectrtc_Wk»..418Turk.
~M^TOY~TO
A— HERMAiTmURPhT, 601-602 Examiner blr
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and 8econd Mortgage*......;
On Life Interests in Estates
. ....Property Being Held in Trust.......
Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
........IF YOU NEED MONEY.:
Bee. HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 000 at 5*4 and 6 per cent in suma to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO., CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay..... |
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery at. room. 3
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
•cantlle Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av».. near
' Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
nitvre or pianos : no removal; any /amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 38 Geary st. room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Lick House".
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 'Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOTTSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
O- furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
llable party. 1170 Market st., rootn 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
tc. furniture; no removal. Garthela. 208 Post
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 • month on each
HOOP; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants* Exc. 431 California.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; pr'vate!
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. r. 105, 5th fir.
TO' loan five to ten thousand dollars on real
. estate. Box 1449. Call office.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st t
IF you want a home I will loan you money im
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansotne st
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Fhelan bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMKNTS.
ANOTHER LIST OF PIANO BARGAINS
1 McNeil I $35
1 Dunham so
1 Arion ..« c . ................ 75
1 Hazelton ............... 100
1 Decker Bras' 100
1 Chlckering 100
2 Stelnways $100 asd 125
1 BIddle 175
1 Fleischer ..183
1 Hamilton ....... 200
1 Splelmann .......... ................. 200
1 Weber : SCO
1 Byron Mauzy ........................ 830
1 Sohrr.cr 40O
1 Electric piano 600
The above plartte are in first-class condi-
tion and are fully guaranteed. Eajy terms
if desired. »
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-313 Port st.
A CUSTOMER can rely upon getting mora for
the money from us than any house on th»
' coast, because we are satisfied with small
profits and are doing business at the smallest
possible expense. These things must be taken
into consideration when figuring out price*.
We believe in selling large quantities and
giving best quality for tha least outlay to th«
customer. "We sell th# Decker. Wlssner.
Baumeister and Stodard. Easy payments
for those who desire. THE ZENO MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly "advantaseoua
propositions are offered in the way of. prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear 1 in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but caa
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest j
assortment of best makes to choose from. ¦
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts..* 8. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland. .
A3 our new building and hall Is not quit*
completed we are making a cut on an our
-planoa. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Steinways, $165; 3 Chlcker-
ings, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Eeconrt-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square planoa from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
•PON, 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertns Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling planoa.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only i20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOH1.ER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1850. .
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all s For sal«
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
st. San Francisco. Agents Chasa & Baker
piano players.
SMA fc L "Pr)« ht . $33; large, cabinet grand up-
rlght. $150: square pianos. $33, up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 5tn st. Ivera & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain- b**t
Hibernla Bank..
SNAP— 2 only. ne<* $450; high-grade uprights
dropped from cataIogue.$2S0, Bmenn.208 Post.
F< fc? sal «—Piano;'lady about to go East must
, have $50 at once; a barjaln. 2817 Fotooa sw
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
IIERKELKY RE A I. KSTATK.
TWO lots in the Scenic Park Tract, near eol-
l*-fje; each '50x125; street work all done;
1 SI 350; a snap. MAY & MORTIMER.
$1000 FOR a bargain in a 50-foot lot in the
Wheeler Tract Agency for the tract MAY
& MORTIMER. .
$5000— NEW modern house of 6 rooms; all
furnished: A No. 1; come and eee it. MAY
& MORTIMER. "'
$5000 — LOVELY home. 9 rooms: near college:
large lot MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley
station. — • -
$2000 — A LOVELY place for little money; lot
00x270; full of flowers, fruit, trees and vege-
tables; neat cottage, together with about 50
chickens; situated about 1 mile from college
and depot: must be seen to be appreciated. |
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley stattlon.
i A~~FNAP— Lot 50x130, and good: barn: onS.
Atherton st; price for a few days 52000;
, Ktreet work all done. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley station. * ¦
A MODERN high basement cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; all modern plumbing; pretty
mantel; tiled sink; brick foundation; electric
lights, etc.; large lot; only two blocks from
station, stores, etc.; a snap at $1800: *5O
down, balance same as rent. HOME
REALTY CO. '- ¦
DO you know that you can buy a good house
and lot on payments of less than $20 a
month? - - _ ;
We will show you several new places that
we can sell on these terms.
HOME REALTY CO.
I .: ' Lorin Station, Berkeley, Cal.
< Open Sundays. ££ ' '
I NO 321 — $2-*^5O: 5-room house.
- No. 320— $2750; 0-room house.
! No. 313 — $3250; 7-room house.
i No. 31!)— $3C00; 6-room 2-story house.
No. 315 — S17C0; 10-room house and barn.
ICo. 307 — $4500; 8-room house; large lot.
No. 313 — $000; 4-room house.
No. 301 — $3600; 9-room house.
1 No. 2«1 — $1200; S-room house; fine.
No. 2S0 — $900; 4-room house; cheap.
No. 207 — $4200; 8-room house: lot 70x125.
No. 120— $1700; 5-room cottage: fine view.
j No. 2tK» — $2500; 7-room house; close in.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
I ¦ 2171 Shattuck ave. Berkeley. Cal.
i BARGAINS In Berkeley lots. Note the follow-
j- Ing. all on Improved streets. In good nelgh-
' borhoods and close to stations:
! $375. 37:6x120; $500, 50x135; $550. 50x110;
i on fine avenue with car line.
. HOMES! HOMES! HOMES!
1050 — Nice cottage home, 5 -rooms: bath;
pantry, high basement; fine garden; fruit trees;
¦ jsrr.all barn; chicken houses, etc.
$1S5O — New modern cottage,' 5 rooms, bath
1 and laundry; lot 40x100; nice place.
$2250— A little gem; lot 40x112; modern cot-
tage: finely decorated: 6 rooms and bath; high
basement etc. ; must be seen to be appreciated.
I / H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
I $2000 — MODERN ! 6-room cottage with high
' . basement; new and complete; lot 40x115
I feet: only $300 down and $20 per month;
close to the local train.
i $750 — Choice lot, 50x105 feet: sunny side; cars
i in front; 2 short blocks from station;
worth $1250; positively must be sold.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth' st.. Oakland.
FOR Sale — 300-acre fruit and stock farm in
Sonoma County. $S0O0; iSargalns in houses"
and lots in Berkeley; prices to suit; easy
teims. J. P. HALE, 1504 Shattuck ave.,
last Btatlon. Berkeley.
$7000 — GREAT bargain for a home-seeker:
new 10-room modern house and barn; lot 60
xl50. American Guaranty and Trust Co.,
Hayward building. San Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: hlph base-
• ment; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FltCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale Avenue and Wash-
lnrton Street Frultvale, CaL
$900 — House 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x140;
chicken house; barn for 5 head of cat-
tle: fruit trees and flowers; city water;
3 blocks frcm electric car line; $100
cash, balance $9 60 per month.
$1000 — House 3 rooms; large lot; good well: 4
blocks from car line;, terms to suit
purchaser.
$1000 — House 5 rooms and bath: lot 112x112;
barn; % mile from station; $100 cash,
balance $12 60 per month.
$1100— House 5 large rooms; lot 45x145; all
.:'• fenced: $100 cash, balance $12 per
month; near Allendale.
$1200 — New house. 4 rooms, grained in oak;
lot 50x174; city water; $200 cash, bal-
ance ?12 per month-
$1000 — House 3 rooms and bath; lot 50x164; $21
per month will buy this home; Forest
Park.
$1700 — Modern house. 5 rooms and bath; "fa
block from school; 1 block from car
line; 4 blocks from station; nice barn;
city water; lot 35x124; $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month.
$1800 — House 6 rooms, bath, mantel; station-
ary tubs; high basement: 2 blocks from,
station; $300 cash, balance $21 per
. month. —
$1800— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
ALL FURNISHED; high basement;
good brick foundation; city water; bear-
ing fruit trees; two chicken houses; lot
175x150; all fenced and cross fenced;
fine Dlace for raising chickens; $300'
cash, balance $18 per month, which in-
cludeB principal, interest and taxes. If
you want a nice* home this place will
suit you.
$5000 — Beautiful suburban home in Fruitvale,
consisting of 2Vi acres of fine soil, 1 acre
in bearing orchard, ornamental grounds
with gravel driveway, abundance of
flowers and fruit trees; modern house of
7 rooms and bath; porcelain tub; all
open and nickel plated plumbing; fine
brick mantel; large verandas; barn;
stable: good well; windmill and tank;
tank house; fancy chicken and pigeon
houses. Reasonable terms, or liberal
discount for cash.
W. E. RUDELL, Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington et; office hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays included.
H. A. PLEITNER.
FRUITVALE STATION, CAL.
$900 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms ; city water 80c
per month; (stable, chicken houses, fruit
trees and shrubberies; lot 50x108; all
fenced: fine location and big bargain;
easy terms If desired.
$10CO — New house of 4 rooms, hard finished
and basement,- etc.; fruit trees, berry
bushes, chicken house, chicken yard,
walking distance to local train; lot 35
xl40: all fenced and cross fenced.
$1650 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
stable, chicken houses, etc.; lot 41x111;
only 10 minutes' walk to Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$1350 — For sale in East Oakland, cottage of 4.
rooms and bath; all furnished: hall;
basement, etc.; good brick foundation ;
fruit trees, chicken house; lot 80x130.
all fenced; convenient to electric cars
and local train.
$1250— House of 4 rooms; 7-foot basement, sta-
ble, chicken house, 12 chickens, 1 horse,
cow, spring wagon; fruit trees; lot 65
x235; must be sold, as owner is going
to Europe. * ',• '
$750 — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms; hard finished:
stable, city water; lot 75x100: two blocks
from electric cars; easy terms.
$2050 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; hall; high basement and all mod-
ern improvements; fruit trees, etc.; lot
¦72x368; all fenced and cross- fenced;
fronting on main county road.
A new home for $2600 on easy terms; $300
cash, $28 monthly; pretty colonial style
house of 0 rooms and ' basement;
large hall: fine brick mantel: open
plumbing; porcelain baths; tiled sink:
stationary tubs; rooms beautifully tint-
ed and frescoed; lot 50x157; all fenced;
located In the choicest part of Fruit-
vale; handy to schools, churches, and
* within walking distance to local train.
, H. A. PLEITNER,
Frultvale Station. Cal. . -
J1400 — 4-ROOM modern cottage; lot 27:6x119.
$1200— 4-room modern cottage: lot .75x150. .
$550 — t-room cottage; lot 50x125.
$1000 — 4-room cottage; lot 25x100. '
$1000— 5-room cottage; modern; lot 35x118. ,
$1250— 5-room cottage; lot 27x100. j
!« $1600 — 6-room modern house; lot 37:6x115.
$1650 — 0-room house; modern; lot 30x125. ¦
$1750 — 5-room cottage} ¦• modern: lot 40x175.
$1800 — 2-story 7-room house; lot 60x150.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1151 23d ave.. East Oakland.
$3000 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms, attic: furniture;
barn: 5 chicken houses; 1 acre fruit trees;
E side Seminary, ave., Fruttvale.' W. R. Low.
FOR sale — 5 acres, Rose ave. and High st,
Frultvale. A. R.' HARRISON. 78 Geary st
Mill Valley Advertisements.
.MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
; i BEAUTIFUL
:}¦-.-¦' MILL VALLEY.
j 40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
! ' We hove rebdtvlded Into lots the finest prop-
,- 1 erty in Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDE
- f TUACT. The streets have been graded- and
. . will be sewered and macadamized. The tract
commands splendid views of Mount Tarnalpals
and the bay. The- North Shore Railroad is
- about to expend $1,000,000 to perfect an ideal
- ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley.
: Send now for plats and prices and " go and
.' look at the property.' ¦ , :• -. ¦
' McAfee brothers,
jsiMf 10S Mont Komtry Et, San Francisco. '
¦¦'_ LOST AND FOUND— Continued. I
LOST — From ark Utopia. Belvedere, green '
>ound bottom rowboat DR. MAUK. 208 Ma- i
son st: reward. , ¦ -. j
POINT RICHMOND— All information mailed
free. Richmond Land Company, 1S2 Crocker
building.-^ , - .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Cnllfor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch ca»e«.
MATRI.1IO XI AL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1S87: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Herta. 700 gills.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. ~
TO order; also, cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery*. Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powtll
st; tel. Bush 421. . - •
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hntter.712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. '
A — DR. O'DOXNELL, world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who. are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on fe*nale complaints;
' menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
casrs taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of ' most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladles*
. specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Res-
moved to lOOS'/i Market st. opposite 5th st
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladles' special-
ist SO years' experience, removed to 1008^5
' Market st, opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerero st, near 18th —
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin: has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week: consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. ;
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st. V ;
MR8. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere tip*'
clalist. 1007^ Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NO TOY-KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
A LITTLE MONEY SPENT NOW
A LITTLE MONEY SPENT NOW
A LITTLE MONEY SPENT NOW
A LITTLE MONEY SPENT NOW
A LITTLE MONEY SPENT NOW
Will 'Buy a Good Many Shares
in the
TACOMA COMPANY STEEL CORPORATION.
TACOMA COMPANY STEEL CORPORATION.
TACOMA COMPANY STEEL CORPORATION.
TACOMA COMPANY STEEL CORPORATION.
TACOMA COMPANY STEEL CORPORATION.
A few hundred dollars Invested NOW will
be tha corner stone for a comfortable Ufa in-
come.
MAGNITUDE OF THE PLANS.
The Mining Record for April says: "The
great scope and importance - of the Tacoma
Company require careful study to be even par-
tially appreciated. The magnitude of the plans,
fast materializing, is bewildering to the or-
dinary individual,- being comprehensible only
by those who have seen similar great metal-
lurgical Industries carried to successful issue.
"Since the formation of the company the
securing, through lease and purchase, by them
of valuable and extensive coal, copper and
iron properties has been of almost weekly oc- -
currence. Their last two 'purchases of iron
properties In British Columbia are valued by
the company at $1,000,000 each, although not
costing them any such figure. At the present
moment it may be safely asserted that the Ta-
coma Company owns the largest iron deposits
and most extensive coal fields on- the Coast j
in addition to valuable producing copper prop-
erties. By conservative estimate their mineral
holdings are worth fully $5,000,000.
"The plans of the company contemplate the
erection at Tacoma of coke ovens, blast fur-
naces, rolling mills, a tlnplate factory and
other -allied Industrial plants. With such ob-
jects in view this great steel and coke com-
; pany has secured a very advantageous site of
1200 acres, on deep water, near Tacoma. and
on the Northern Pacific Railroad. They will
first erect 100 coke ovens and construct an
Initial blast furnace having a daily capacity of
300 tons, to be followed later by the blowing
in of. additional .furnaces and multiplication of
coke ovens, .erection of. rolling mills, tin plata
factory, etc*. Ground will be broken on the
site within the next thirty days."
WHAT THE DISPATCHES SAY.
The.'' San Francisco Chronicle of April 15 :
"Though the presence of iron on Texada and
some adjacent islands has long been known, no
one dreamed of the size s.nd number of veins
which cross them. Several months ago Henry
Hewitt, a millionaire lumber man of Tacoma,
began investigating 'the subject His re-
searches astonished him. Throwing aside other
business cares, he has employed tugs and ex-
pert Iron men to explore the region named.
Ore bodies covering nearly thirty islands have
already been secured by purchase and option.
For three weeks Hewitt has not been heard
from, being out on a tug - secured quietly at
Vancouver." Mr. Hewitt Is the active presi-
dent of- the Tacoma Company. ,
Dispatch in the San Francisco Call of April
14: "The most important mineral discovery of
years has been ! made during the past sixty,
days. Great bodies of hematite, magnetic and
specular iron ore have been uncovered on nu-
merous islands of British Columbia and South-
eastern Alaska. The most Important deposits
have been secured at low figures by purchasing
outright or by options by men who have under-
taken the establishment of an Immense iron
and steel plant At the head of the syndicate
Is Henry Hewitt, the largest Individual owner
of timber lands in this State. For three weeks
he. with cruisers and experts,- has been out on
a British tug making further explorations and
securing options."
. PRICES AND TERMS. '
The Tacoma Company has steadily advanced
the price of Its shares the past six weeks from
5c to the present price of 13V4c Shares are
sold on the Installment plan at 16c; in 10 equal
n. on thly installments. .
PRICES AGAIN ADVANCE.
The following telegram explains Itself:
f TACOMA. Wash., April 19,, 1902.
American Guaranty and Trust' Co.. San Fran-
cisco: • . . ¦ ..
Maka prices 10c and ISc April 25, sure.
(Signed) TACOMA COMPANT."
The prospectus, which we will supply on re-
quest. . is a mine of Information in itself and
wide awake people enjoy reading it. Telephone
Main 5803 or write to the undersigned.
EXCURSION TO THE MINES.
We will supply free of all cost to the pur-
chaser of 5000 shares Tacoma Company, trans-
portation, by rail or steamer, to Tacoma and
Seattle, thence to Texada Island, B. C, where
the Company's famous Marble Bay mine is
located. The. waters at Texada offer the finest
fishing on the Coast. For full information ad-
THE* AMERICAN GUARANTY St TRUST CO..
.. '--_- Hayward Building.
MISCELLAKEOUS-—FOll^gALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
4 H. P. BOILER and engine complete $00
H h. P. boiler and engine complete 100
20 H. P. boiler and engine complete ...... 25C
>50 H. P. boiler and engine complete.:... '500
Hoisting engine complete.... 300
Donkey boilers, from $20 up.
3-in. leather belting, new. 13c ft.
2%-ln. leather belting, lie ft; 2-in., 9c; 1%-
ln.. 7c ff. / .
All size pipe; all quantities, at half price of
new. Oil and water tanks always on hand.
H. 8. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
SMALL branch -bakery for eale cheap; rent $15
a month for store and living rooms in a re-
spectable neighborhood; suit party who wants
to make extra money at occupation at home;
no exper. necessary- Box 1436, Call office.
COLLEGE KENNELS has just received a fine
stock of dogs . of- all descriptions: come and
pick your prize-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. 115 Halght st. : phone Fell 6811.
A — BI4YS. sell or ' rents gear, machinery, en-
glnet>, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 25a-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard
' and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. The
. ! Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mission.
CIGARS ' at less than auction prices; reliable
goods: money - back if not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st. San Francisco.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedorirhats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING ' PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
GASOLINE engine; ' burns cheaper oils; flrst-
.-.: class every particular. ¦ Box 4968. Call office.
ALL large breeds of piireons; runts. Maltese;
squab breeder.- 2041 Linden St., Oakland. ¦"
$5— SINGER sewing machine; good order; also
..Wilcox& Glbbs.- 60S Ellis st.
CAMPING tents complete for sale cheap. Ap-
:- ply at Armory. : 815 Ellis st. . \ '•
$5 — NEW, Home; good condition. 1571 Market'
¦ near Twelfth; tel. -Howard 3083..
FINE Persian rug, 1 finest " condition,; 3% by " 6,'
•for. $15; cost $33. Box '4093. CaU.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — 9IALB.
WANTED— Position by. correspondent and ad-
'.vertislng writer; highest class Eastern refer-
• ences , and , experience in .. department store,
-, mall orders and hardware business. • Box
: 4f>52. Call office. . f
MIDDLE- AGED Dane wishes situation in pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows
'"and • garden; . first-class / recommendations.
,Box 4949. Call office. ¦ : m ¦
WANT a position as working foreman of ware-
house ;• thoroughly understand storing and
shipping of merchandise; good - reference.
. :Box 1556, Call ¦ office.
Al HOTELM AN, middle-aged, . good appear-
. ance. years of experience, .wants position as
head waiter or steward in or out of city, ho-
tel or club. Box. 1040, Call office.
YOUNG man with successful experience run-
. nlng country newspaper wishes position; good
references. Box 1472, Call office.
OLD German carpenter wants work. Address
C. HANSEN. 739 Mission St.. room 111.
JAPANESE, good, young • boy, -wishes place to
do housework or In store; good recommenda-
tlons. Call at 333 Eddy st -
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posi-
tion in hotel or boarding- house. / Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. _¦ :
¦ ¦ , _ FLATS TO LET.
DEVTSADERO. St., southwest corner of Page —
Modern sunny up-to-date flat of 8 rooms and
bath; elegant and newly fitted with nickel-
plate open plumbing, porcelain bathtubs, gas,
• electric lights, patent cement trays, etc.; for
rent cheap to right tenants; see this flat to-
day. RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
AN 8-room .. furnished flat to rent i for. six
months or longer; no children. 1611 Sutter.
CAPP, 1070, near 26th — Sunny flat of 6 rooms,
bath, yard; $14. .
ELEGANT new flats, 8 rooms; natural finish.''
Washington, bet. Polk and Van Ness; open.
FLAT 3 rooms and bath. 9 Tonnlntrsen place.
off Howard.. between Twelfth and Thirteenth.
FLAT — 948 Eddy st; lower flat; 5 rooms and
bath; modern improvements.
FINE sunny. flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
2134 O'Farrcll.st. -
NEAR new City Hall; flat, 5 rooms and bath.
0% Grove st.
NEW modern sunny flat; yard -and basement;
near Park. 257 Carl st., near Stanyan.
PINE. 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
bnck yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry,'
storeroom, $12. 2410 Clay st., near Flllmore.
LAGUNA. 2022. near Union— Lower flat 5
rooms and bath; $11. '
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 : rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
$22 — SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms bath, 2051
Fifteenth St.. corner Sharon. ¦
$22 60— UPPER flat;. 2428 V4 Sacramento st!
near Flllmore; 5 rooms and bath;' large yard.
$25— UPPER sunny modern flat. 6 rooms and
bath; nearly new. -. 4159 Twentieth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
• FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
$25 — FURNISHED cozy 5-room and bath cot-
tage: nice garden; yard, etc; 8 car lines con-
venient. 3459 Twenty-sixth St.. nr. Valencia.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 6
rooms to let for the summer. 2659 Steiner.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — i rms.; bath ;gas range;
I garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
UPSTAIRS flat, 6 sunny furnished rooms. Call
1620 Central ave., bet. Sutter and Bush sts.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AT CAVANAOH Furniture Co.. 848 and 850
Mission et. — Special Inlaid linoleum. 65o yard;
couches. $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn., oak. $48. No. 7 stove.
HANDSOME oak dining-room set, hatrack,
wardrobe, fine bric-a-brac, plated ware, etc.
Between 10 and 2, 612 Oak st ; no dealers.
$200 — 7-ROOM house; good furniture; 4 rooms
rented; house rent $18; going East; must •
sell. 1416B Howard st.
4 ROOMS burnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE, 6 rooms, as a whole, or by piece.
49 Hill St., corner jGuerrero. •«- ,• . 1. .-..
FOR SALE — First-class gas range; also other
household furniture. 436 Elizabeth sf
¦f- HORSES - AND WAGONS. ~~~
FOR Eale — 1 pair big black carriage horses; 1
pair medium blade mares; 1 pair black road-
sters; 1 pair bay roadsters; all well matched.
Inquire at St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post st.
JAS. SHIRLEY.
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.; also bungles, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College.' Fourth sea-
' slon begins June I). Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. P i J Golden Gate ave.
LARGE draught horses for ?aie, weighing from
1700 to 1800, at STEIN'S stable, 712 Broad-
way, near Stockton st. .- ¦ ¦
HORSE, $45; big mare. $60; young stud. $50;
- cut-down express, $125; harness, $6. 79 City
Hall ave.
TEAM of. j'oung mules; good workers; " well
broke; also work horses. 417 Ninth st -.
FOR sale — Handsome cart, seating 4. Box
4076, Call - office. . /
WANTED — 50 horses for pasture: terms $2 per
month. EUGENE RILEY, 100 Vallejo st .
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harnes8.work.drlving horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
¦ camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapofr for mulling. SI per year.
\ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,14 Montgomery.
MODERN house of 7 rooms, completely . and
handsomely furnished; near Presidio; very
healthy and pretty location; $42 50; take
; Sacramento-st. car. 37 Seventh ave.
SUNNY corner; 8-room Western Addition
dwelling; .'grounds, observatory, -modern
plumbing;, low rent. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO., 513 California st.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 9 Ewer place, oft Ma-
> ton. . between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer dace.
TO let — New modern 6 rooms and bath; $15
per month. JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sut-
ter st. . . > ,- ¦ .
TO lease for 6 months or year, 0 rooms all car-
peted; bath; gardens. 220 13th, nr. Howard.
TO let — Sunny house of 10 rooms : and bath.
1449 Devlsadero, cor. Geary; key on premises.
FOLSOM. ' 2410. near- Twentieth — House, 9
, . large sunny, rooms: bath.' garden, stable. •>¦ --'.
»¦ ~ — —»¦——————¦ ¦— — » — —
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY " corner residence In best part Mission
,. warm; belt;- eight rooms; piano; silver, cut
Virlass, linen. Tel. Church 174. or box 4984,
Call office. . ¦ . . " . . ...
TO rent for one year, on account of departure,
: house of 6 rooms and bath; piano; reason-
able. Apply- 1615 Gough St. ¦ <•¦ *
CAMP MEEKER, Sonoma County — Furnished
'¦' cottage-of 6 rooms; fine view. Apply R, R.
VAIL. 110 California' st. T o -,
-.'„; - HOUSES FOR SALE. -
NEW house. 7- rooms: - sun all day:- fine resi-
dence ; district; Portola ; it. ¦ on* Waller, bet
' Pierce and Steiner. GEO. MOORE. 63 Portola. j
1 _ _ . ;v. ;. -"'¦',: - 1^X ES:jt 'y E .?' ]t ' s ' l' : 'l. • '-¦-
THE Investors'. Agency. 137 ...Montgomery - st,
- S. F. Call or write for particulars. . . . .
*~ . LOST AND . FOUND. , :•*
LOST — Black cocker spaniel dog, _- long tail;
answers < to : name "Jerry'..' ; ' license No.' 162.
; ' Finder will be suitably rewarded on return-
; ing to: 3232 Sacramento at". A ;, ."'. \ ¦
LOST— April 19, "J black cocker spaniel pup;
answers j to ; the name of -Pedro. . '. Return - to
1732 Washington st and receive reward.
LOST— Tuesday,": a black, .cocker spaniel dog.
. Reward • at 1223 York ; st. . ¦' ; -\ ¦. 1 ¦'.-¦> •
LOST— A Pass Book with the Hibernla Savings
• . and Loan " Society, of ' San ¦ Francisco, "s in the
' name of' MARY tW. SHERBY, No. 153-409.
: .-;The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST — Gold - watch, -' hunting , case, white ' face,"
- marked GEO/^H. SMITH. • Knoxville. Tenn. ; \
1 works 1 marked - GEO. - H. SMITH ; . monogram
1 .' \ H. .« H." L. on case. '-'¦• Reward . on ¦ return ' to
• :. CAPT.- H. ; H. • LUDLOW. Fort Baker. Sau-
'sallto.-Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3S50— REDUCED FROM , f 1500. .
, New 'Colonial 7-room house; open and nickel
plumbing; . paneled dining-room, elegant side-
board, decorated ceiling; in fact an ideal -ppot;
near business center, schools; large lot: drive-
way,- , lawn; terms $700 cash; balance mort-
gage; first come first served. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$1750— PRESENT CASH VALUE $3000.
Owner non-resident and must sell; lot 60x150;
6 rooms and bath, all In perfect order; barn,
large chicken yard ; private water I supply on
premises; only 1. block from Postofflce; seeing
is. believing; no reserve; my instructions are to
sell. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1750— COST OF LOT ONLY.
Improvements given away; . present income
$15 per month; two houses of 3 rooms each, in
good order and only 2 blocks from the local
train; near business center; owner in destitute
circumstances and must sell at once for the
best offer received; seeing is believing. :• J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ". -
$2500— $4000 PREVIOUSLY REFUSED.
2 flats of 5 rooms each: all modern in every
respect; 2 blocks to local train: right in town;
mortgage $2000; only $500 cash; a guaranteed
Income of 12 per cent on the investment : 5
days only at this price. J. S.' MYERS, 1002
Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$10,000— FLATS, . 3 blocks, from 14th and
Broadway (business certer).
/- A guaranteed Income for 3 years, under lease
at 0 per. cent net on. the investment: property
has a business prospect and should be worth
$20,000 in one year; stores now under construc-
tion adjoining this property. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. -- ¦
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE'"7e7laWen^s^cl«in^igrcook»
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klroshlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon ; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush st.; tel. Bush B16.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
<3rand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
V ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. .
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOK1; tel. Bush 135.
P.KLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEP~FE9IALeT
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with best of
references, desires situation; -city or country:
also a first-class Swedish laundress, good
' references, desires situation; city or coun-
*try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress
desires situation or nurse to grown' children;
good ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. / ' ¦ , - \ '
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; Amer-
ican family; very best ref. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ¦ -
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. . -
A LADY, lately from the East, will work by
the day; thoroughly competent; will do, most
anything; strong and willing; good worker.
305 Minna st..' corner Fourth. ¦ '.'
RELIABLE American woman wishes work by
the day, washing and house-cleaning, $1 and
carfare. Box 1411. CalL ¦-
PIANO lessons given In exchange for grocer-
ies or restaurant meals. M. G., box 4888,
Call office.
REFINED intelligent woman of ability wishes
the management or-housekeeper for rooming-
house, summer resort, or gentleman's home
where servants are , kept; refs. exchanged.
Address/ J. H.. 21 Taylor st. .-
NURSE, hospital experience; neat, kind, will-
ing; nervous cases a specialty : or housekeep-
er in small family; highest references; would
leave city. Nurse, box 4882, Call office.
A LADY desires position as governess or com-
panion; would otherwise assist in home; ref-
erence. Box 4264, Call office. Oakland.
MIDDLEtAGED woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper or to cook for men;
references. Box C, Call branch. 300 Hayes st
WOMAN wants work by .the day. washing.
Ironing or house-cleaning. 918 Buchanan st.
WOMAN wishes to work by the day. house-
cleaning and washing; good work; $1 50 day.
284 Valencia st. ,
WANTED-^Ar. position .,a». child's, nurse, or
would take a position as housekeeper in a
'small family: good references. Address
MRS. THOMPSON. 141 Taylor st. S
INFANT'S nurse— Situation wanted by a com-
petent woman: ref. Call or address Nurse,
1223 Bush St.. rear. - :. ¦¦ ¦>„ -¦-¦
YOUNG German woman would like, few days
more work as first-class laundress or house-
work; no cooking. Please call at 2222% Mis-
slon st. - - '• -
RESPECTABLE woman would do plain sew-
ing in exchange for unused clothing. Box ¦
4S77. Call office. ' ¦
NEAT woman will assist in ' family wh«r«
there are no. small children; good plain cook;
% good references. Box 5000, Call office. ; ... -
REFINED young woman would like position as
housekeeper for refined elderly lady; refer-
ences given. Box 4992. Call.
MILLINERY done at ladles' homes; own ma-
terial utilized, new . furnished; terms mod-
erate. Address box 4971. Call office.
WANTED— Day's work by capable woman.
Call at 702 Natoma st. - ¦ • ¦
FIRST-CLASS economical colored cook and
laundress wishes work by the day. Address
451& Jessie st. .
A CAPABLE dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by day; first-class fit and good
work guaranteed ; reasonable. 1317 Steven-
* son st.
"WOMAN wants general housework; good cook;
short distance in country preferred. 825 4th.
A GIRL speaking two foreign languages and
English wishes a position to take care of chil-
dren ; wages $25. - Box 4965, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as secretary or
assistant correspondent; speaks German; best
references. Address box 1496, Call office.
WOMAN wishes a situation with an old cou-
ple; good references exchanged. .Apply to
139 Hancock St., bet. 18th and 19th, Noe and
Sanchez. : • • **
YOUNG girl would like position to assist with
light housework; city or country; wages, $10-
$12. 412 Linden ave.. ' : k -
WANTED — Position as- housekeeper- or ' com-
panion to elderly lady, for the day only.
Address Lady, box 4912. Call office.
COLORED woman wishes day's work. $125
per day and car fare. Phone 5491. 1133 Clay.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants to- go out
washing. Box 1800. , Call office. '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus • and baggage to and from ferry. ,
WANT ads- and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 039 McAllister at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st •* :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man of 23, : good penman, ¦ quick and
.- accurate at figures, • with some knowledge of
bookkeeping, wants work- as clerk, packer or
any kind; best city references. Box 4879, Call.
WANTED— Position as a first hotel cook;
"T country or summer resort preferred; can fur-
nish 1 best of Eastern references. Box 4880,
CaU office. . • ¦ . . :
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, married and
I steady, wishes a situation; wages reasonable;
custom shop. Address F. M., Boulder Creek,
. Santa Cruz, County, ¦ Cal. : ¦¦' 'W . ¦
STRONG young man of .21 wishes : a position
in the wholesale district. Box 4094/ Call. ;
•WANTED— Position - care of garden, horse,
cow. Box 4082, Call. "
SURGICAL and medical nurse; Al ref.; rates
$1 GO a day. Box 4081. Call. . :
SITUATION. 1 wanted ; 1 young man first class on
-horses or porter; city or country; lately from
¦East- Box 4875, 'Call office. •
• YOUNG: dentist would like to be an assistant
¦/ , to country, dentist. ; : Box 4876. . Call office.
WANTED— Place v as : washer,' starcher or fln-
. lsher. Box 4874. , Call * office. ...
YOUNG man. wishes position as night clerk In
.hotel or boarding-house; good upholsterer and
: '. draper; make himself useful; country prefer-
red. ,H..R.,v706 California st . , r,
MAN and wife 'wish v positions; \ wife is first-
1 class cook; man handy generally about place;
, beat of ' references. ;. Box 4953.^ Call.
RELIABLE youne 1 man wishes situation ' with
¦ some private family; understands care horses.
•can 'milk and care garden. Box 4973. ; Call.^.
STEADY young * German • wishes any kind of
- - position • in "¦ wholesale' or commission-house.
./.Box 4961, Call.' ' :
A> YOUNG man. 23 years of age, wishes ', situa-
r v tion ; as. a- bottler< In »a v wine house; good ref-'
r! erences. AUGUST .. BOEHM,': 122 Seventh St.'
YOUNG £ man . wants situation i taking < care '¦-¦ of
horses, and i garden; good driver; - can -'milk;
handy • with tools. - Box ¦ 1452, Call.Several thousand cigarettes and cigar*,
several silk kimonos and some decorated
china tea-sets were seized . on board the
transport Thomas' yesterday by Customs
Inspectors "McDonald, Carter, Benninser,
Head, . Kesslei>, Llndqulst and Moore. The
cigars and cigarettes were found in the
donkey boiler.. -,*'•
Smuggled Goods Seized.
Guiseppi Ghio, a laborer, 33 .years of
age and residing with- his family at 103
Vandewater street, died in St. Joseph's
Hospital yesterday of pneumonia conse
quent upon Injuries received in an acci
dent on ; April 9. Ghio was engaged in
working for Robert Frost, at contractor,
at the Risdon Iron Works, and while a
truss was being lifted on a building the
rope broke, allowing the truss to strike
tn'© * platform on which Ghio was stand
ing. .He was hurled to the ground, a dis
tance of twenty feet.
Killed by a Fall.
Nicholas Ohlandt (executor estate of Johanna
Magdalene Koch) to Albert B." Southard, lot on
W'.line of'Fruitvale avenue, 151.30 S- of Huff
avenue or county" road. 1540 S,'15O NW, 440 to
center of Sausal Creek, thence up center, of said
creek ; following ] meanderlngs - to, . point " from
whieh' If line were drawn SE and produced E
tOjW line, ef Frultvale avenue would Intersect
sa«e at " point of ¦ beginning, SE 430 to.begin
ning, , : Brooklyn Township; $8250. -';-.'•¦' '
1 -Reginald -Mills and A. ¦¦• S. Jones- to
Vinegar and Pickle -Works, beginning at . inter
section of N line of jcounty road "No. 1536 from
Hay wards station to San Leandro and- Mount
Eden Railroad and ¦ W line of Paoiflc Rairoad
rlght>of way, 1 : thence N- along N line of countv
Frank G. . Drum to L. E. Boardman, !ot on
E line Ban Pablo avenue, . 1 foot S from point
¦Where > N- line Fifteenth street" projected
would Intersect E San Pablo avenue, E at
light angles 'to San Pablo avenue, 97:5}4 E at
right angles to Telegraph avenue, 100 >f..:150
W at right angles to Telegraph avenue,- 134:11
thence Wat right angles to San Pablo avenue,
31 :8% to E line San Pablo avenue. S 150 to be
ginplng, said streets and avenues shown on
plat Map .Survey for G. C. Potter, Oakland;
$10.- -•-.. '" •' - : '-¦ ' ¦¦"¦ .
¦ Jerry Splllane (single) to Daniel. P. Splllane
(single), lot on SE corner of Thirty-eighth and
West 'streets. -E 110. by S 23.25. lot 11. block
B, Map Major Given Tract, .Oakland; : $3. .
: Edward and Jane H. Graham (wife) to Mar
tha E. Hallldie. lot on N line of Channing way.
150- W of Audobon street, "now called College
avenue, W 50 by N- 130, block 0, map or prop
, erty of College Homestead Association, J Berke
ley;:$10.. * •' ¦:¦¦¦-- - '¦¦-¦- ¦ ' :¦ -' '. l, j ,
Charles E.: Wagner to Gretchen Wagner
(wife), lot on E line of Tenth street. 200 8 of
Channing way. S 30.44; E 135.: N 32.22, W 135,
lot 33, block 138, map of Avery Tract,-Berke
ley; gift-- ' ' ' ¦ : . ;¦'-
i Florence . Rlchard3 to Martin and ¦ Caroline
Schott, lot on N line of Eagle avenue, 150 E of
Oak street,. E 50 by N 145. lots I and J, hlock
44, T. A. Smith's Resubdlvision -Map, portion
Minturn Tract, . Alameda ; $1500._, < f
John Breuer to Pauline Bisuer (wife)^lot;on
N line of Union avenue, 1142;4%.v.W:of San
Pablo avenue, .N 125 by W 00, lot 14, ..- map
property .Villa Homestead Association,.-Oak
land Township; gift. . < ;. "•:' ¦
The Pacific Theological Seminary (a corpora
tion) to H. B. Belden, lot.l, S 10 feet, lot 4
and 5 to 18, Map Seminary Tract, resubdivl-
Blon of lots 76 to 79. 98 to 107, Pacific Tl<eo
loirical Seminary Tract No. 2. Oakland ; $10.
Christian A. Evers . or Christian Anton Ev
ers (widower) to Mary Mugge, lot on S lino of
Menlo street. 305.55 E of Park, E 32, S 120. W
to point '118.71 from point beginning . in line
drawn at right angles to Menlo street, N
118.71 to beginning, block. B, Map Gaskill
Tract, Oakland; $10.
! FrankNH. Ayers (single) to Charles F.
Morse, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street, as
now opened, E from Telegraph avenue 35^.59,
F.. intersection thereof with E line of ' Tele
graph avenue, E 30 by S 92, Oakland; $10.
. Julius H. and Ida Dew, Johnind'Nannie E.
Dew, ¦ ¦ W. D. and Minnie R. Dew, Ira - Dew
(single), H. P. and Mary C. Robinson. Caleb
and Mallssa B. Persinger to A. H. . Duncombe
(single), lot on N line . of 'Forty-sixth street,
190 E from Jnterestlon of -said line, with W
line of Grove street, E 50 by N 100. lot 37,
block 2111, Map Alden Tract at .Temescal,
Oakland: 510. , ¦
Alameda County.
Maurice and Mary Hayes to Maria and Her
man Troller, lot on-W line of Shotwell street,
112 N of Preclta avenue, N 8 by W 50, portion
lots 23 and 24, ¦ J. B. Hill's Subdivision, - Pre
clta Valley lands: $145.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to
Thomas and Lizzie Dealy. lot on NE line of
Seventeenth avenue, 125 NW of P street, NW
50 by NE 100. block 332. O'N. & H. Tract; $10.
Johan B. and j Ellen Relte to Severin and
Anna Thorsen. lot on E line of Bradford
street. 60 S of Powhattan, S 35 by E Stt; $10.
P. J. ¦ and ' Margaret A. Martin to J. J.
Ca pells, lot on E line of -Nineteenth avenue,
275 S of J street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan "to Laura
B. Klmball, lot on E line of Forty-seventh
avenue, 100 N of K street, N 25 by E 120; $330.
Felecie Balasnoto Felice Coustet, lot on E
line of Arkansas street, 127:6 S. of Mar'lposa.
S 25 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Mary Leahy (or Lehey) (by . John
A. Drinkhouse. administrator) to. William M.
Tench, lot en SW line df Clinton street, 223
SE of Brannan. SE 25 by SW 75; $800.
Hartland' and Ada Law to Flora C. Low
(single), lot on W corner of Mission and Annie
streets, SW W5, NW 110. NE 23:«Va,-NW 1,
NE 32:5»i, SE 120; $10.
Estate of Jaihes A. Johnson (by Emma V.
Johnson, administratrix) ' to Alexander H.
Bally, lot on NE line of Morris (Park avenue),^
250 SE of Harrison street, SE 50 by NE 80;
$3025. " ¦'¦¦*"
William and Eliza Sharp to Hartland Law.
lot on NW line of Mission street, 55:11'4 SW
of Annie, SW :0% by NW 60, quitclaim deed;
?" 5 - . . . 1 • _. ' ' '_ ' _
Elizabeth Henry to KathrynS. Marsh (sin
gle),' lot on W line of Hyde street. 85 S of
Greenwich. S 25:6 by "JV iaT:6, reserving life
estate; gift. . • •
John E. and ¦ Mrry C. Gardner to' Robert D.
Wrixon. lot on E line of Stockton street, 24:6
S- of Chestnut, S 22 by E 65; $10.
Charles L. and Tina Hlnkel to Annie M. and
Frank H. Evers, lot on W Hne'- of I Castro
street. 235 S of Twentieth, S 25 by W 125; $10.
' S. Ducaa Cpmpajiy fa corporation) to J. H."
Kruse, lot on B line of Eureka street,' ltiO N
of Twenty-third. N 100 by E 115:9; $10.
• HeleneB. Davis (wife of L. Shannon) to
Arthur CLeary, lot on S> line of Twenty-fourth
street, 60 E of Bartlett. B 57: G by S 100; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to F. . A.
Colley, lot on E line of Valencia ' street, 40 S
of -Twenty-third; S-40-byE 125; $5000. • *
Annie G. Duffy to John E. Quinn, lot on E
line of Valencia, street. 120 N of Seventeenth.
N 60 by E 87:«; $10.
George F. E. and Mamie R. Harrison to
Charles , B. Platt, lot on SE corner of Wash
ington and Locust streets, S 102:8% by E 37:8;
$10. . -
Frederick and Mina Haussler to David and
Bertha W. Stark, lot on NE corner .of Union
and Pierce streets, E 30 by N 100; ?10. .
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to C. • N. John
eon, lot on S line of Carl street, ,155 E of
Willard, E 23 by S 137 :«; *10.. • .• .
SATURDAY. APRIL. 19.
. City and County of San Ftaricisco to Edward
G. and Frances L. Vail, lot on W-llne of Web
ster street, 7":8»4 S of Washington, S 25 by
W 68:9; f- .
"REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS;
Just a nice little' shock of earthquake
about ' 8 110 o'clock yesterday morning
awoke late slumberers, rattled breakfast
dishes and scared timid housekeepers.
Buildings swayed and rocked, and in some
of. the higher office -buildings clerks and
stenographers rushed into hallways and
wondered what was up. Although the
shock was not severe, it was sufficiently
so to cause many people to think that a
big explosion had occurred. The earth
quake was not felt very far from the
city, the Western Addition seeming 1 to be
the center of the disturbance. The seis
mometer at the Lick Observatory on
Mount ..Hamilton failed to give 'any rec
ord. The record at "the University Ob
servatory at Berkeley Indicated that tbe
direction of the shock was- from north
west to southeast. - The displacement of
the earth's crust- during the principal vi
brations amounted to .17 of a millimeter.
Dishes and Causes Much Confu
sion for Few Seconds* .
Earthquake Disturbs the Breakfast
EAULY MORNING SHOCK
SOABES THE TIMOROUS
It is urged that a sufficient number of
policemen be appointed .to patrol the
whole inhabited portion of San Francisco.
The Board of "Supervisors is requested, to
make suitable provision for this purpose
In the approaching tax levy.
It is stated that San Francisco has less
police protection, proportionately, than
most other large 'cities in the country.
The special needs of this city. In view of
the character of certain classes of tran
sient visitors, particularly soldiers, sailors
and indigents, are set forth. It is claimed
that members of the association have as
certained that not only are many large
portions of the city inadequately pa
trolled, but that certain residence dis
tricts are wholly without police protec
tion. . ' . ' .
At the regular meeting of the board ot
directors of the~ Merchants'. Association,
heM yesterday,- -resolutions favoring an
increase in the municipal police force
were unanimously adopted and sent to
the Board of 'Supervisors, the Mayor and
the Police Commissioners. ¦ . .. ¦ '
crease Number of Patrolmen.
Directors of Merchants! Association
Want municipal Authorities to In-
CLAIM CITY'S POLICE ; >y>*^
FOKCE IS TOO SMALT*
Same owner with .P. N. Kuss (contractor),
architect same — Painting, i finishing, varnish
ing and tinting for same on same; $1365.
Andrew Hunker, (owner) with ¦William S.
Snook & Son (contractors), .architect Nathaniel
Bla'sdell — Plumbing, gastUting, sewering and
tiling for a three-story '.basement • and attic
frame building (four flats) on lot on SE corner
of Van Ness and .. Pacific avenues, ¦ E 100. S
27:SVi, W 100 thence 27:8'/i to beginning;
$17SG. ' . . ....
Same owner ¦ with Cook" &' Young (contrac
tors), architects; same— rCarpenter work, roofing,
etc., for same oh same; 95725. •
Margaret Morton (owner) with McCullough
Contracting Company (contractors). ¦ architect
James A. McCullougli — All work for a three
story frame building. -partly finished attic and
rough basement ¦ (flats) on .lot on . Wl line ot
Folsom street, 85 N of Fifteenth, /N 25 by X*
122:0; $7250. . ' ¦ • =
Ida J. Moody (owner) with H. H. Larsen
& Bros, (contractors) — Punnett Bros, architects
— Concrete. . brick and Iron work for a two
story brick building on lot on NW line t>f
Townsend street, 148:3% SW of Fifth, NW
250 by SW C0:6%: $0000.- . . .
John P. O'Nell (owner), with D. McRae (con
tractor), architect, E. W. Hyde — All work for
a 2 : story and basement * frame building (flats)
on the W'-line of White street. 62:C N of . Val
lejo. N 50 by W 50; total. $1540. •
. Same owner, with N. C. Splnks (contractor),
architect same^-Plumbing .and gas fitting, etc.,
for same on same;, total. $1100. • ¦ ,
Francis and Augusta. Lowe (owners), with
William WarnholJ! (contractor). C. S. McNally,
architect — Alterations and additions of lower
story of building at 667. Sixth street, between
Bryant and Brannan; total, $075 .
Carrie A. Greenberg (owner), with J. A.
Brutcher and E. J. Serna (contractors) archi
tect Fred B. Wood— All work for a 2-story
attic and basement frame building on the N
line of Clay, street. 81:3 E of Lyon, E 25 by
N 105. Western Addition 678; total. $4430.
David Cohen (owner), with Daniel Powers
(contractor),- architect • Philip Schwerdt — AH
work except plumbing, - painting. . electric work,
tiling, window shades and gas fixtures for two
2-story and basement frame buildings on the
S line of O'Farrell street, 152 W of Laguna.
W 23 by S 120, Western Addition 229; total.
$6850. • . ¦••"-.. • . ¦ ¦> %
Builders' Contracts.
road 215.5, thence at right angles N 32.36, N
and. parallel, with said railroad right of way
33S.S7- to S line of Second -street, E 140, 8 470.2,
block 1, map of Hathaway Tract, San Lorenzo,
Eden Township; ?10. "*'' \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902.
39
¦ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CHICAGO I
! ..IN LsJzSS THAN
3 DA YS
I From
San Francisco at 10 a* m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
/& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Double DrawJng T roam Sleeping-cars,
Buftet. Smoklns and Library Cars,
with barber. Dining-cars— meals a la
carte. 5 Dally Tourist Car Service at 6
p. m.. and personally conducted excur-
sions every Wednesday and Friday at
8 a. m. from &an Francisco. The best
of everything-.
R. R. RITCHIE
! 617 MARKET £T. . 6 ?"- A « 9nt Pacific Cowt
Palace Hotel - San Francisc 0
hGRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ ' Via Sausalito Ferry,'
Commencing September Hi), laOl.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «: 55, 8:ao. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15; 5:13;. »6:15, 0:45 p. m.
i EXTRA THIPS— For Mill Valley and Sao
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 1 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — •8:00, 0:00. n0:0O. *ll:30 a. nv,
•1:15. 3:15, •4:45. «:ao. »:S0 p. m.
¦ Trains marked <•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS— •5:23.,C27, 7:4,\ 8:35. 10;15-
a. m.. *12:25, 2:15,-»3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m,
EXTRA /TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and l>:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 0:15, »8:00.- *10:00. Ml:45 a. nv,
•1:40, •3:15.; 4:45, *6:3Q p. m.
Traina marked «•) atart'from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TQ SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. $;53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3;50. 5:10 p. m,
-EXTRA TRIPS t on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at -7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. .10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
3:30, 5:00.' 6:43 p. m. ¦- • '
> <-¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
i-'» 6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero, and ? way
-stations. • : - - • • - • ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ '
¦ 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and war
stations.
,8:00 a. m. Sundays— Puncan Mills and; way
stations. ' - . • •
Fairfax, Sundays— 3:00.. 9:00.' 10:00. 11:39
a. m. —
¦ Legal Holiday boats and trains will run en ;
Sunday time, ..•..--,¦• . • • - ,
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
t Leave • | Via Sausalito Ferry . Arnve "
¦ San Fran.. . Foot <jf Market St Sin Fran.
SiiiiKPiiii
9*30 A. 8:00a. -,. - «n~in f „,« 1-00 f. bA5 a.
1:45 >. 10:00 A, f^ J^T,* ,wZrrt*«J 3:00 * 3:4 ° *•
_15 f. H:30a. I'^^l!.*!^^^ 4_5 P. 5A> R
¦ •- . rwt.S«aFn«ci9»«rB_KHiwllCe<wni.tl.Ml-
BtkitOfflci, 6UM__5I-8I— JST»4_C_I_0»_»t
T^i LOR A- MADE suits. ?7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR - LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
Pest corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
C HEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
J-all. io pages. ] sent to any address In the
¦ United States or Canada one year for $1.
_ _PHYJ5ICIAJtS AKP SURGEOJiS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from ¦ business ; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELET, 207 Powell St.— Specialist
for Insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases. /
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence/
1021% Market Et. bet. Sixth and Seventh. '
FOR HOUSElCte—PIXG.^^
APARTMENTS ; furnish-
ed sunny suit, with ¦ kitchen ; all modern Im-
provements; bath; telephone; $16to ?20 suite.
EX- JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
EIGHTH, 1257,, Oakland— Three nicely furn-
ished rooms for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished' housekeeping; 3. 514.
2 beds; 2, *10; 3, S20, 2 beds; single, $5.
FOLSOM, C20 — First floor; large fur. and un-
fur. ; large grounds for fam. with children.
GOUGH, 115 — Sunny handsome, parlors; . • gas
range; bath; $13 to $22... . . -- .
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn.nkpg. rms.; range, running Water; $9.
HOWARD. 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms. ';,
HOWARD, 23S1 — 2 large sunny well furnished;
yard; porch; $11. .
JUNIPER. 2, off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th — 2
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; bath; sun
all day; rent: $7. ' ". - ¦ - ¦ -
LANGTON; 250^4— rThree furnished • rooms fcr
housekeeping; private. • -, . -.
LARKIN. 716 — 2 eunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. 5 t
LILY ave., 131, near Octavla — Furnished or
unfurnished rooms to let. ¦ ;
LINDEN ave.. 324— Nice sur.ny front room;
use of kitchen. '
MARKET, 15$3, near 12th— 2 partly furnished
housekeeping rooms; call Monday.
MASON, 415 — 3 connecting rooms, complete.
MASON. 502, cor. Post — 2 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; coal- range, sink, running
Water: reasonable. . ;
MINNA. 2S— »feunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; single, 75c; double. $1 per weel^.
MISSION. 823 — Housekeeping and other rooms
from $1 50 up. _ •-.--.
OAK. 31. nr. Market— Front and alcove parlor;
regular kitchen; single rm. ; hskpg. ; ¦ reason.
OAK. 119 — Nicely furnished sunny suite; sink;
gas range; phone; laundry; $14-
OCTAVrA, 1403, coir Geary— :-Bay window par-
lor with kitchen complete; other rooms $8 up.
POLK. 1642— Two sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; gas range.
POST, 1018 — Furnished sunny housekeeping
apartments, with gas range.
STOCKTON. • 1307 — Furnished housekeeping
roorra with stove. ' ' ' ¦ . -
TENTH. 149 — 1 or 2 lovely housekeeping
rooms; piano, gas stove, bath, etc-.
TURK. - 409— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
TWELFTH, 120 — Neatly furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. nr. Dolores — 2 sunny
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3208, corner Folsom — 3 large
sunny unfurnished rooms; gas range; private i
family; no children. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1098
Valencia tt. ' ¦• ¦ -__
ItOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward: rates by week or
' month; McAllister cars to door: handsomest
grill room in <Cailfornia attached. . . ¦ -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c ta 11. per night; $1 25 to $5 per week., and
¦ light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern. 7th and'Misslon—^Changed
hands; l£0 rooms newly rehovajed ; 50c to
$1 50 night; ?2 tn $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — VENDOME. ' 1104 Market — Changed hands;
renovated ; t urn. suits. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month: bath.- phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1105 — t ¦ large well-furnish«d rooms;
suitable Email private club or family adults.
BUSH,- 102S — Kurnished -large ¦ room, communi- i
eating bath; $12 month;, private family. j
COZY outside sunny sleeping-room f,or em- I
ployed temperate young man; |2 week, in-
cluding wholesome breakfast in room at time
wanted: north Market; 8 minutes' walk to
. Emporium. Box 4S90, Call.
CLIFFORD, 204 ' Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 222— For rent, furnished, neat sunny
front room.
EDDY, 832 — Newly furnished front and back
parlors, $10; private house; other rooms $8.
! ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely turn, rooms, 35c,
i $150 night; $1 50. $g week; open all night.
i ELLIS. 1836 — Western. Addition; elegantly fur-
nished sunny bay-window roomy very cheap.
FIFTH. 249— Rooms for rent.
FILLMORE. 1720— Large sunny bay-window
rtwm, newly furnished; hot and cold water;
bath; gas; terms reasonable; private family-
GEARY,' 405 <The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 4S3— Well-furnished glnjle front
room, also suite, for light housekeeping.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large' eulte of rooms in a first
class family hotel. ¦ Address L. H. C, 26
Montgomery st.. room 14.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 758 — Sunny front and
back room. $5; bath; 1 light housekeeping.
GOUGH, 1613 — Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms; ss.t: bath.
HAYES, 136, cor. Van Ness— Neat cunr/y room
I suitable fcr gents; rent |6. ¦
! HOWARD, 1258. near Ninth — Sunny room;
| - newly furnished; quiet; "family; $8; adults.
' HYDE, S41 — New sunny rooms to let. with or
j without board; hot and cold water; modern
conveniences. Phone East 117.
LANGTON. C5 — 2 furnished sunny front rooms;
private family: $5. $G.
MINNA. 541 — Room to let suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; call morning or evening.
MINNA. €67, corner Eigrhth-^Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per w^ek; transient.
MISSION. 1427B— Sunny furnished room with
bath; hot and cold water.
MISSION. .1514, near Eleventh— Clean, airy
room, suitable for 1 or 2;-$l 50 per .week.
NATOMA. 217. 2 block* from Call-rNeat fur-
nished front room; $150 per week.
-NINTH. 113— Sunny, front; rponv for gentleman;
reasonable; use of. bath.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 914 — Handsome sunny alcove
room; alto single room for. gentleman; refer-
ences. ¦ . . . ¦ - . . ¦
PINE, 1300. cor. Hyde-r-Large corner furnished
room; grate, phone; light housekeeping; $10.
PINE, 2708 — Cozy f rcat suite, cheerful and
quiet; modern; S10.
POLK, 1530— Large front room,' $10; with or
, without light housekeeping:, private.
POST. 975 — Neatly ' i/urnished : . rooms; double
parlor or single rooms; bath; private.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, emolcing-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, S2
to $8 month, $S to (30, elevator on ground
floor; rooms, wi).h hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$12. $10. $8. $6; phone: bath. . ; '. •
SHERMAN ADartment House; 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTH. 143 — Elegant sunny bay-window suite;
will be furnished to suit. tenant.
SUNNY reasonable room In quiet, refined fam-
ily; convenient to city.' Phone Blue 606.
TURK. 332 — Sunny front room, suitable for
dressmaker. - ¦ • ¦ . .
WILLOW ave.. 14, off Larkln. near Eddy — 2
•Ingle furnished rooms; $5 and $0. , ~~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office; 2200 Flllmore.
___________ ~~
WANTED — 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
2 adults and. child.'. .-A. W.. box .4887. : Call.--.
WANTED — Unfurnished room by man: one
small floor with a family. Box 4964, Call. '
MtSICAL IXSTRtraiE XTS Con.
ELEGANT toned StoinwayJ in first-class con-
dition; harpain. 1109 Van Ness ave.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a 6ong.
WILSOX'S Storage. 1710 Market Bt.
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; sacri-
ficed account death tn family. 1000 Van Ness.
AI MOST nevr large size Steinway upright left
on sale: bargain. 235 Geary Et.
ETRON MAUZT. S08-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. ¦; -~->
BTJPERIOB violins, rithers. old and new H.
Mt'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, cent to any address in the
Vcitcd ?tates or Canada one year, for II,
yortace paid. t :'.:".
OFFICES^AJVD STORES TO LET.
300 FEET f:om Market and Third sts.; rent
low: iarpe *=tore, well lightad, suitable for
light manufactory, plumber, tailor, barber,
trunk, willowware store or e.ny business
VON KHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 CalU
fornia ft. ,
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 027 Market st.—
LicM. cheerful ©faces, $15@25 per month -
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
LOFT tor rent, 40xG3 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; *ith water: $iC month
WM._LOANE. plumber. 4.?) Fifth st.
BTEVEKSON. 259, near Fourth— Store and *»
r:;:s.: new brick; rent reasonable; please see.
Frn^T. 221— Cor. basement 40x72; good light-
__ high, dry; suitable for storage or\uslness.
STORK— 23d and Guerrero sts. ; fixtures; Ih-lng-
rocrrs: suitable for drug or grocery store.
STORE with lar^e basement, below KTarny; al-
terations to suit tenant. CSC Clay, room 1.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call
Hi page*, in- wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OIL.
CIL tanks. SnoShand. in good order; all elres:
«ti°ar. H. P. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
OIL LANDS.
F<">It tale chearj — Ten rcres patented land. sec.
29-2S-C8. heart of Bakerstleld district; one
veil on property: oil guaranteed under every
loct. L. W. MYERS, Laughlin building Los
Angtles.
I'AlVTKRS^AAp DECOKATORS.
Eoorat papered $3 up; painting & tinting done'
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d Bt. ; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. <H0 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 142S.
.PALBIISTRY.
BE sure ar.d tee ISMAR in her elegant new
quarters, rooms 9 ana 10, The Vendome, 1101
Market tt.
Mrs. E. Pearce. scientific business calmlst, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 2S; 10 a.m. to » p. m.;
horoscopes cast by mail.?l ; palmistry taught.
OXE of the best pa'u.ilsts in tile city. MRS. wl
UcMAXLS, instructor, at Chirological Col-
lege. 731 Guerrwo st.
11VIE. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black S6L
PARTNERS WAX TED. .
PARTNER wanted: Rues House barber shop;
1100, 175 South First St.. San Jose.
PERSONALS.
DENVER. Colo.. April 12. 1902.
DR. G. S. MOORE. /
Scientific Hair Restorer.
S32 O'Farrell,
- San Francisco, California —
Dear Sir: Mr. Farris cf Pueblo was telling
me about your wonderful Hair Grower, and I
would like you to send me circulars concerning
it and prices. I formerly lived in San Fran-
cisco and think I &m elightiy acquainted with '
you.
Tours very respectfullv,
S. K. SKODGRASE,-''-'
— . - . Windsor Hotel.
This remedy will be sent to any part of the
world upon receipt of money order. Price $2 00
per package : 3 for $5. Send for circular. . DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell. .
A RUPTURE truss with steel springs has
been used for loo years without change: few
cures, have been made with such trusses; it*
•it not? -tune for a change T Hunter's I_ver
Rui'ture Holder has revolutionized the anti-
quated truss 'arid has made it possible to
make a cure ia SK) days. The holder is worn
nijriH and day. without torturing; a contlnu-
. oue jire^ure is maintained during the pranu-
lalion and i;:-. val; of the tissue covering the
breath; would a wound on the body heal
if & hard pad was bound on it? Never. H_
tt not the i s a me effect on a rupturu T
HUNTER'S Sanitarium, 1306 Market et.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing: and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy is superior to ail other tonics and restora-
tives. It is clean ana healthful, is not eummy
or sticky: so grease, no stain; never fails.
Hold by drufegitts, hairdressers or our oface.
»S5 Gtary st. The Star Remedy Co.
L'NDEK what stir were you born?, .Oriental
astrology reveals your life, success in love.
mamege, business, etc.; descriptive photo
of" who you should marry; tatisf action or
money refunded; send birth date with 10c for
typewritten horoscope, including- copy of my
book on EJtrolofy. PROF. B. .HOSTEL, No.
li'i, Lansdoune. Pa.
flO IN G<JI.D paved if you buy your SPRING
FLIT of MASTEN the TAILOR. Any SUIT
or OVERCOAT in the house f20, no more or
no less; all work made under cur personal
euperviiicn; tinest of Imported goods to make
selections frcna. MASTEN. 7ul Geary et.,
corner Leavenworth. j
AN eieeant UijA. cf remnants for suits to order, j
SID; with theve suits we make an extra pair !
t/f pants free of charge; ether suits on Install-
ir.eEtf, *1 weekly. L. LEMOS. llli Market
rt4 between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you pimple*, wrinkles, freckles, red
noie, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bsld head? I guarantee a cure cr no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post st.
ELECTRIC light in evpry room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
l'5c to $1 50 per nieht; $1 00 to $6 per week;
bee 'bus- and bagg&ce to and from the ferry.
P.AG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
iher.i!!e-wovfe rugs, ti'.k portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gto. Matthews. 700 Fifth. Oakland.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil- I
liens and peplumn. Call to see at Domestic 1
efftce. 3021 Market St.. near Sixth. 1
A REFINED widow, 29, wishes the acquaint- !
anre of a treralerna.n of meant: object, mat- j
rimony; references exchanged. Box 4915, Call, j
A— WHAT do you think? O. HERMAN. 48 j
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
rtLTr.e as white shirts: *e\*rT.i<m 300 patterns.
KRKE treatments facial massage.' using KAN- j
NT BRIGGS CARR <Lcs Angeles) facejjrep- I
arations. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton 8t.
HAIR dyeing; bleaehlr.ff a epecialty; «hampoo-
lng 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 mln. M:ss A. V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt. op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless: fr*e treatment;
work guaranteed. Mlsa C._udley,1702 Market.
ALL hair ' and scalp diseases cuifd; hair
grown: gray restored. MRS. E. R. DUN-
LAP. 34 Kearny St.; phone Red 2139.
VIAVI home treatment fcr mothers and daugh-
ters; booklet ¦ free. The Vlavl Co.. 230* Van
Nees ave., San Francisco; jihone East 282.
AT less than cost, uccalled-for suits, overcoats
-and trousers *t CHARLIES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market et. • i
MONEY, loaned at lew Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls end precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'E, 10. Sixth et. .
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
POINT RICHMOND lots — I1S0 to $200; terms
$25 • cash. $5 per \ month ; send lor maps.
• Richmond Land Company, 182 Crocker . bldg.
l~ MAKE flrst-clas.s wigs and front pieces;
hairdreesins. 25c; shampooing, 50c; manicur-
ing -25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton gt.
TOUR fortune told from cradl» to grave; send
dime and birth date. PROF. J. MYERS.
Drawer 704. Chicago. . • -
WILL the relatives of J. A. Home of San
Francisco plase address box 4985, Call office?
A IF your hair is falling or you are tald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,322OTaTrell; send for circular.
6UPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Eutter St.
ELECTRIC needle «peclalist; superfluous hair
and rooleg destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 gutter.
PR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st.. eorner Mason.
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. Went 259.
Masquerade costcmes at H. Anderson's, theat-.
rtcal costu_er. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric — electric-li«rht baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc. 233 Qeary.r.2T.
6UPEKFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.AMrg.Traverse.1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restor*s gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly: 10c and 25c AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO., 733 Mkt.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
GUESTS wanted at "House-on-the-Hill. Uppar
Frultvale, Dimond, Cal."; 1*4 hours frqm San
Francisco; healthtul; high living; grand pan-
oramic view; 40-acre flower farm; superb
climate; Ideal place for rest, asthmatic and
bronchial trouble*; phone Ash 557.- :
WANTED — A club of young men or students
for handsome, spacious parlor suit f 3 ori4
fine, new folding beds furnished ; -will also
furnish piano, phone, etc. 'Box 4998. 'Call.*' •
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South S29. j
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS, . 519^Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
•VAN NESS, 915 — Sunny rooms; hot 'and cold
water; excellent board, $45 & $10, for couple.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board, in private home.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— May l.b'y lady, and daughter, sun-
ny suite with board; central; permanent;
references; not over $50. Box 4951, Call. ' .
BY business lady; $12 to $15; private family
preferred; state particulars. -Box 4S78. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 620 Lake Bt.. San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and" half orphan
jrirls, from Jan.- 1 to April 1. 1902: Hazel W
West. 0 yra. ; Daisy Rood, 11 yrs. ; Elsie M
Moggride, 2 yrs. 6 mos.; Blanche M. Wilson
6 yrs. ; Erol Goldstein. 10 yrs. ; Hazel' I. Wolfe
12 yrs.; Louisa B. Loeser, 9 yrs.; Hattle H.
Neindeck, 10 yrs. ; Juanlta Tomllnson, ¦ 12
yrs. ; Evelyn Raymaud, 7 yrs. C,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
SEWING MACHiNES AXD SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel., Green 144/205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell stB.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST i Storage Warehouse. S40 Mii-
eion st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BA^GA1nT1S^TYP_\v^H_RS^W«
' sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 200.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING ' MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
tographlng. 927 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 18B4.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley-
Notice to "Contractors, Builders and Mate-
rial Men:' Notice is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are solic-
ited for performing the labor and furnishing:
the materials necessary to the erection of an
addition to the Bacon Art Gallery and Li-
brary Building on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals will be
received at room 10, ninth floor, Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m. of the 30th of April, 1002. And notice
is hereby further given that the plans and
specifications of said building have been
made and adopted and are placed) in the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Regents
room lti, South Hall. Berkeley. Cal., where
the same may be seen and examined during
oach day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until said 30th day of
April. 11*02. No bids or proposals jvill b*
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a. bond of said pro-
" poser equal to ten ; (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with eufncient sureties, conditioned
that If said bid or proposal shall be ac-
cepted the party proposing will duly enter
into a proper contract tttfaithfully perform tho
duty and obligations In accordance with said
proposal and plans and specifications, : which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all Ijlds is hereby reserved. This notiee
Is given pursuant to an act entitled "An
act to 'amend an act entitled- 'Anoact. to cre-
ate 'and organize the University of Califor-
nia,' approved March £5. 186S, and an j act
amendatory of section ' 25 thereof, approved
March 2S, 1872. relating to "the construction
of buildings,", approved March 3,-.. 1897. \B/
order ' of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board" of Regents. 1 " 'fa.
W. A. McKOWES. Acting Secretary. '
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.. j 7 >,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ' • '
Fred T. Douglass, 32, Los Banos, and Maude
E. l£ggleton, Zi. Belleville, Canada.
Ingvald O. Odland. 31, 32t>»/4 Tenth street,
and Ellen Larsen, 20, 320',^ Tenth street. '
, Emil Kndresen, 24, 6M Sixth street, " and
I Anna Pedersen, 28. 1G20 California street.
I Oscar F. Erickson, 31, 3420 Seventeenth
street, and Pauline E. C. Dabelow, 25, Santa
Clara.
Emil F. Willsreroth, 31. 616 Folsom street,
and Velma'B. Newsome, 19. (JIG Folsom street.
Joseph Trompeter, 35, 10<55 Market street,
and Kate D. Collins, 27. 710 Sixth avenue.
peorge Arabolad, 26, city, and Maud Nahhas,
21. Merced. V -.
Ben L. Davis, 34, 1243 Leavenworth street,
and Sarah C. Du Bese, 18, 1243 Leaven worth.
Oliver- Williams, 29, ¦ Stewarts Point, - and
Ellen C. Johnson, IS, Stewarts Point. .
Rudolph W. Krobltzsch, 28, Philadelphia,
Pa., and Lillian A. Barnard, 21. city.
J. Antone Meinen, 45. Oakland, and Carrie
Antonl. 35. 810 North Point street.
Paul Visnon, 44, city, and Marie Deruette,
37, city.
plocobbe Faenzi, 21, 917 Sansome street, and
RQgle M. Chelini, IS, 916 Sanaome street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent -by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
DAWSON— In this city, April 13, 1002, to the'
wife of John Dawson, a daughter.
FITZPATRICK — In this city, April IS, 1902,
to the wife of James Fitzpatrick, a daugV
¦ ter. i .. . ¦- - . '
HOFFISES— In this city, March 4, 1902, to
the wife of J. E. Hoffises, a pon.
HUSTON— In this city, April 15, 1902, to the
wife of Selby Huston, twins.
LENNON— In this city, April S. 1902, to the
wife of A. J. Lennon, a. daughter.
McGUIRE — In this city. March 23, 1902, to the
wife of Thomas ,H. McGuire, a son.
| MURRAY — In this c!ty, April 14. 1002, to. the
wife cf Duncan S. Murray, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 12. 1002, to the
wife of Joseph -O'Brien, a son. . < .
SIMS— In this city,- April 7, 1902. to the wife
of Joseph Sims'Jr., a &on. ; • .
; SPELLMAN— In. this city, April 14, 1902, to
the wife of Thomas Spellman,'. a daughter.
WILKINS — In this city, April 10, 1902, to the
wife of S. J. Wilkins. a son. . .- - - -
DIED. ~~
Austin, Jcssph ( Mathews,' Bernard
Berg. Mrs. Sophie 1 O'Brien, Mary E.
Brennan, Rev. Father Owens, Frederick L.
William Paris, Rebecca
Childs, Barbara ¦ Ploner, Mary
Copeland. Jesse W." Pope, Hiram > '
De Yon?h. Mrs. H. Reeb. Roslna
Dietz. Mrs. Mary A. Renton... William'' S. --'
Kdgar. Daniel J. Salisbury, Paola J.
Geis, H. Smith, Celia A.
Goodwin, Harry B, Stuart, Virgil C.
Gould. Walter E. Tierney, Philip
Hill, Mary A. ,, "Van Valkenburgh,
Imes, Benjamin Frances ¦ -.¦¦
Jorgensen. Emil Voigt. Christian H.
. Kalisky.. Louis Wade-Mahaney, Jen-
-..' Kernan, .Peter . nie J.
McCabe. Rose Weaver, Charles
McDonald. Robert F. Wegener, Mary A." .
Mahoney. William 'Williams. John 8. '
Marey, Joseph M.__ ¦' , .• ¦ - -
AUSTIN— In this city. April J£, 1902, Joseph"
Austin, beloved husband of( Mary Sesnon
Austin, a native of Moniaive, Dumfries-
shire. Scotland, aged C3 years and 7 months.
[_r Funeral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at Westminster Prejs-
byterian Church, corner Page and Webster
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BERG— In this city, Aprir 17, 1902, Mrs. Sophie
Berg, mother of William Berg, a' native of
Sweden, aged 69 years 10 months and 4 days.
(_f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral services
to-dky (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 ..Montgomery avenue.
"¦ Interment- Cypress Lawn Cemetery.-
BRENNAN— In Mlddletown, • Lake County.
April 18, H»02. Rev. ' Father William Bren-
nan, beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret Dono-
van, a. native of Toronto. Canada,' aged 66
years 4 months and 22 days,
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited : to attend the solemn requiem
mass which will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul to-morrow (Monday), In -Sacred
Heart Church, commencing at l»:30" o'clock.
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. The . re-'
mains will be , removed to Sacred ; Heart
, Church Sunday, at 8:30 o'clock p. m.
CHILDS— At 8t. : Helena Sanitarium, : April 1 19.' '
1902, Barbara Childs, beloved mother of Dr.
• J. : E. and H. Q. Childs. Mrs. W. T. Knox
and Mrs.- C. N. Lake. > aged U3 years and 7
months.- - : . -, .
COPELAND— In this ; clty,- April 18, 1902,
¦Jesse W. Copeland, beloved father of Violet
- and Edgar Copeland, a native of Massachu-
Kctts. aged ' 41 ' years 1; month and 24 days.
. (Eureka 'papers please copy.)' :• . -- • ,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil are due to arrive at -
SAN FKANCI8CO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
hati — * Fbom Apbii. 20. 1903. ¦ — akkitb
7.00a Benicla, bulsun, Klmlra and Sacra-
mento B.55f»
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winter*. Rumsey 7.55r
7.30- Martinez, San Kainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Santa. Rosa 8-2Sp
- 8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7.55r
8-OOa Atlantic Express— OgdenandEaat. 8.25a
8.00a N'lles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2Sr
8.00 a. >' ties. Jtendota. Uanford, Visa lla,
Porterrme 455»
8-30a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams -
(fur Bartlett Sprlnss), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland :...... 7-55~
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervlllc,
MarysTille. Calco. Bed Bluff 4.25p
8.10a Oakdale.Chlnesc.Sonora.Tuoli— lne 4.25p
8.00a Vallejo.... : ; 1245>
9.00a Los Angelei Express— Martinez, ' '
Tracy, La throp.Stock ton^Merced.
Itaj-mond.Fresoo and Los Angeles 8.25a
9.30a Villejo. Martinrz anU Way Stations 7.5Sp
TIO-OOa Hayward. MIps and Way Stations. t12-55i"
10.00a The Orerland Libiltca — vOgden,
Denver, Omaha. Oblcago. 5.25p
ti-OOr^ Sacramento Klver Steamer* tii.OOF
3 OOp Benida. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlihts Landing,
Marys villc. Orovllle 10. 55 a
33Qp Hayward, Niles and Way Stations.. 7.55r
4.00p Martlnez.San Ratnon.Vallc Jc.Xapa,
Callstoga, SanuBoaa 9.25*
. 4-007 JTIles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25?
4.30r Hayward,Xlle*,SanJose.Ltvermore 13.55-
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare, . ¦
Bakersfleld, Saagils for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles . 8.55a
5 OOp PortCo»U,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
500p ,-fartlnez, Antloch, Stockton; Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 1J.25r
t5.30? Niles Local ; 7.25a
6. OOp Hayward, Nllcs snd San Jose 7.65a
t6.OOP Vallejo 11.26a
B.COp Oriontal Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 425p
7.00p San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
¦ and Way Stations 11.25a
17.00* Vallejo 755p
805r Oregon * California, Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Bedding.
Portland. Puyet Sound and East. 8.65a
ta.iOF Hayward and X lies t11-6SA
COAST LINE Oarrow tiaogo). •
(Foot of Marfcct Street.) ___.
t7ASx Sanu Crnz Excursion tS.05r
8-1 5a Newark, Oaten-ille. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5 50?
t2.15r Kewark. Centervllle. Sas Jose.
. - Kew Almnden. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa. Cruz and Principal «• • -* - a
Way Stations 10.60a
415p Newark, Sao Jose, Lo»Gatos t8.6fJA
M.ISp SaaJoae. Los Gaton, Santa Crui... c8-5Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN y»AN CISCO. Foot of Market Si. (Slip 3)
, — 17:13 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 £3:00
-t8:05 10:00 a Jt. 12 00 2.00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Broad 6an f e).
¦ ¦ < Third and Townsend Streets.) .
8.10a tan Jose and Way Stations 840*.
t700A San Jose and Way Stations /... +3C0a
7.00a New AlTnfcden .„.. /4-IOp
27.15 a Monterey Excursion i33Q?
8-00a Coast Line Limited'— San Jose, ¦
<:i!roy. Sallna.*, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbiira. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045r
9.00a 8an Jose. Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
Pactna Grave, Sallnac, San Lui*
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl-. '¦-¦-.
ate Stations 4.1Cr
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 836a
11.3Qa San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations <i7.00p
I2.45p San Mateo, Redwood, Mento Park.
- . - Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Pinoa, Santa Cruz. Salinas, . .
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacino
Grove...: 11045a
3-30p San Jose, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Croz and Way Stations... 7.307
+4.15p SanJoseandPrinclpolWayStations 5-307
tSOOp San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal .
Way Stations. +9.00 v
530p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8-30?
6.30p San Jose and Wa j Stations 7.3C v
7-OOr New Orleann/E.xpress — San Lnls
Obljpo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlnz, El Paso, Xew
Orleans and East.. 1Q-30a
«1L46p San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P far Afternoon,
t Snnday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
b Saturday and J Tuesday and Friday.
— undar onlsr.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiv.
Leave Market-«treet Ferry Depot.
' Local Llm'd Ovrl>d Local
-'• '. ¦¦.'.¦ Daily Dally Dally Dally
L.V. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•* Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p l:3Oa 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13 a 10. 50 p
" Hanford. ,3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Vlsalia.. "3:30 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20p 7:45a.,
•• Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a..
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for - morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying- Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dinhjgr Cars through to Chicago. . Cbair Car
rura to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local > first-class passengers. No I second-
class tickets are honored on thla train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno .
- local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining: Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily. -
- Offlces-4-641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway.
Oakland. -- ,-¦-¦. V. ¦ .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CO.
\ LjE3SSE3EI3
SAN FRANCISCO AN- NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPA5Y.
Tibnroa . Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FBAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30" 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. in.: 1:30, 3:30|
3:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRAXC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.J
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
8:05, 0:25 p. in. ¦ . - . .
Leave I In Effect } Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 23. 1901 [ San, Franct3co.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Weelc
Days. [ days. | Destination | days. | Days.
T:30am S:0Cam Novato. |10:40am 8:40an
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, j « :88pm 10:2San)
B:10pmf 5:C0pm Santa Roaa.1 7:35pm 6:20pni
Fulton,. .
7:30am Windsor. 10:25au .
5:00pm Healdaburg-, 10:40am
¦ ' . Lytton. :. i./ • ;
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, T :35pm 6:20put
7:30am 5:0Opm Hopland 10:40am 10:25ara
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm S :20pm
7:30am ..' - 10:40am 10:25aa
8:00am Guernevllle. J :33pm
3:30pm B :00pm _J 8:20pn
7:30am 8:C0am Sonoma »:10am 8:40aa
. and . -
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:06pm 6:20pm
~~7:30am| 8~:00am| x |10:40am|10:25ari
3:30pm| 5 :00Em| Sebastopol. ( 7:35pm| 6:20pri
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultor,
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdai «
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring's, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlet'
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wittei
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,. Potter VaUey
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'si
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Crfs Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragy, Westport, Usal
Willlts, Laytonvllle. Cumorins. Bell's Springs
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»
duccd rate*. ;
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all pointi
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off|ce. 630 Market street, Chronicli
building.
H. C. WHITING. • R, X RYAN,
. - : Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fcrjr— 2-r FdllOW
J™, the
, And Tratel via the
WabashLine
They .have the finest tourist car service frou
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
- ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.. Loa A»
gelea. ' CaK-JgNKSBMI
C. 3. CRANE, a P, Agt. St. Lo_«. Mo.'
SALISBURY— In- Oakland. April 17. 1902,
Paola J.E.,- dearly , beloved husband of Ma-
thilda Salisbury, a native' of Talequah, L-T.,
ased 44 years. . - • .
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral ssrviccj
g to-day "(Sunday),' at 12 : o'clock noon,- at
the I. O. O. F. Hall, Berkeley, under ths
auspices of Cherokee Tribe No. 101. I. O. R.
M.. Peralta Camp : No. . 123. W. O.-W.. an-1
Paul Revere Council No. 28. Jr. O. U. A. M.
SMITH— In this city. April 17, 1902, Celia A..
beloved wife of the. late C. W. M. Smith, a
native of Northampton, Mass., aged 69 yeari
and.O months. :- . ¦- .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servlce3
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1719 Clay street. Interment
private. ;:¦ ~.
STUART— In this city. April 18. 1902. Virgil'
' Clair, : beloved son of ¦ J. C. G. and Estelle
, Stuart, and brother of Wendell A. and Sybil-
i Stuart, a native of San Francisco, aged- 4
years S months and 27 daj-s.
E?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Sunday, April 20, 1002, at ' 9 o' clock, at the
residence of hia D^rents, -214 Gates avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦ ¦ .: ¦
TIERNEY— In this city, April 18. 1002, Philip,
beloved husband of the late Mary Tierney.
and father of John, Mollle. Philip and
Thomas Tierriey. Mrs. W. Dalton,' Mrs. ,E.
Skelley ¦¦ and : Mrs. W. • Harkins. a -nattv.e- of
" County Cavanj^ Ireland, aged 6(J years." ¦¦
C?"Friends and acciuaintanc|3 are respect-
fully invited to attend the to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, -from his late reel-
. dence, 435 Stevenson street, thence, to St.
Patrick's ' Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. : • ... ...-•¦
VOIGT— In Hanover. Germany, April 19, 1902.
Christian H. Voigt, aged 74 years. »¦.-.'.-
VAN VALKENBURGH — In Tucson,' Ariz.,
April 17, - 1902, . Fiances Van Valkenburgh,
beloved daughter of Edgar -Van Valken-
burgh, and sister of Alpheus, Henry and
Edgar Van Valkenburgh, a native of- Santa
Barbara.. (Santa Barbara pariers ' pleaas
copy.)
E_~The funeral services : will 'be. held - to-
.' day (Sunday), at 3 a' clock, at the parlors of
Halsted & Co., • 94G Mission street. Inter-
ment private. .- . •
WADE-MAHANEY— In this city, April 16,
1902. Jennie J. Wade-Mahaney, dearly -.be-
loved wife of Harry J. Mahaney, and be-
; loved daughter of Emelia Pf,aff, a native o?
Wisconsin, ,. aged 4t> years 6 months and 23
days. Xf . v . ¦
IC Friends and acoualntances are respect-
fully invited to ntterrl the funeral • ser\Mces
at 10 o'clock, to-day (Sunday), at the Methq-
dist Church, Palo Alto, -thence by train to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery for cremation.
WEAVER— In this city, April 19. 1902, Charles
Weaver, a t native of Australia, • aged 73.
years. - ..
¦WEGENER — In West Oakland. April 10, 1802.
Mary Ann. beloved wife of Frederick Weg-
ener, a native of Boston, Mass. ' .
WILLIAMS— In this eity, April 19, 1902, John
S. Williams, a native of Wales, ased 72
years. ~_ ¦
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W._-
The funeral escort Is hereby notified to as-
semble at Market-street ferry denot to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to attend the
funeral of -our late brother. S.- A. Gordon.
-.Fines will be strictly enforced. By order of
C. A. O'BRIEN. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW. Recorder.
Florist Co.
V ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable...:
107 POWELL ST.NtA*ELUS SS&f 5056
SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
HOTHOUSE ROSES, FRESH,
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER 1}OZ.
SWEET PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH. v
311 SUT.TER ST.
¦' Phone Grant 197. ¦-•.''-. j •
DE YONGH— In London, England. March 17,
:1902, Mrs. Henrietta - de ¦ Yongh.. mother of
S the late Charles ; B. de - Yonjrh,~- and beloved
grandmother of Joan de Yongh of San Fran-
cisqo, ased 88 yaars. . .
DIETZ — At her residence^ Sunny_ Cove, Ala-
meda, .April 18, 1002, Mrs. Mary A. Dietz,. a
¦ native of New York. j . ' - -. ¦ • .-..•-.
in?"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Sunday) afternoon.. at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. Sunny Cove, Alameda. Inter-
ment private. ' . ; '-.:'-.
EDGAR— In this city. April ' 16, 1902, Daniel
J.. beloved ¦ husband of. Emily C. Jidgar, and
father of George B... Philip G. and Emily
C. Edgar, a native of - Boston, Mass., aged
iS7 ¦ years and 27 days. . - - . . .
- (nyFriena«! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 20, at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
eonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
{streets, under the auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, ¦ F. and A. M. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .'
GEIS — In this city,. April 19, 1902, H. ~ Gels,
a native of Germany. A member of Eureka
Lodge No. 0, O. d.^H. S. 1
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 22. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
; P.: Petersen. 228 McAllister street, where
funeral services will -be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. C. O. d. H. S.
Interment Laurel Hill : Cemetery. ¦ . -
GOODWIN— In thla city, April 19, 1902. Harry
Blair Goodwin, a native of Cleveland, Ohio,
aged 38 years 9 months and 19 days. ••
¦ (tTThe funeral will take place Monday, at
2 o'clock, from his late residence. 2004 Va-
llejo street. Interment private. ;
GOULD — In 'Los Aheeles, April 16," 1902. Wal-
ter Enrle Gould, beloved- husband "of Mar-
garet Gould, and son of- the late Alfred S.
Gould and the late Eleanor E. Gould, a na-
tive of San Francisco. .'(Arizona,' Cincinnati,
Ohio, and New l r ork -papers vpleaee copy.) ..
ETFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited td attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. : .
HILL— In this city, April 18, 1902, Mary Annie
Hill, beloved daughter of Henry Hill -of
Trail, Or..- and sister of Henry and Emma
Hill, a' native of Trail, Or., aged 27 years
3 months and 25' days. .
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral Monday,
April -21. at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 190S
Mission etreet. between . Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
vault, - by carriage. ¦ ¦ : .
IMES-i-In this city. April 16," 1902, Benjamin
Imes, a member, of James A. Garfleld Post
No. 34, Grand Army of the ' Republic, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 50 years. .
[_PFuneral will be held under the auspices
of James A. Garfleld Post. G. A. R., from
Alcazar building, 120 O'Farroll street.- Sun-
day, April 20. at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio. Remains a-.
*_tha Darlora of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street; near. Post. .
JORGENSEN-^In this city, April 18. 1902
. Emil Jorsrensen, beloved • father of Mrs. C.
von Rosen and Victor, Martin and Carl Jor-
gensen, and brother of Mrs. P. Danielson and
- Mm. C. Bohme. , a native of Copenhagen,
.Denmark, aged 56 years. A member of Court
Justice, F. of A.
[CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral v Tuesday,
April 22. at. 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
'dence. 825 Turk ' street. Interment 'Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KALISKY— In this city. April 19. 1902, Louis,
' beloved father of Gertie Kalisky, and brother
of Samuel and Charles Kalisky, Mrs. M.
Kalisky and Mrs. M. Cohen, a native of
Peisern, Poland, aged 59 years 6 months and
3 days.
KERNAN — In this city! April 18. 1902. Peter
Kernan, a native* of Dublin, Ireland, aged
. 36 years. A member of P. C. W. A." and
Winnemucca Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M. (New-
York papers please copy.) !
CITFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall,, 320 Post
' street. Funeral services under the auspices
of WJnnemucca Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M.
Remains at the parlors of Porter & White,
]22 Eddy street. - Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
I. O. R. M. — The offlcers and members of Win-
nemucca Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M., are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral o:
our late brother,' Peter Kernan, Sunday, at
1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post
strett. ' WILLIAM DIAZ. Sachem.
CHARLES TILDEN. C. Of H.
P. C. W. A. — Tne offlcers ard members of the
Pacific Coast Waiters" Association are re-
spectfully, requested to attend the funeral o!
our late member, Peter Kernan, Sunday, nt
1 o'clock, from . Red Men's Hall. 820 Post
street. < ' ;
McCABE— In this city, April 19," 1902. Ro-e.
. beloved wife of the late Owen McCabe. and
dearly beloved mother' of Mary T. ¦ McCabe.
a native of County. Armagh, Ireland, aged CO
J years 8 months and 12 days.
McDONALD-^-In Louisville. Ky.', April " 14
1902, Robert F. McDonald of McDonald
. Brothers, beloved husband of Trinidad (pro-
fes6ionaly known as Belle Welton), /ather of
'_ Agnes, -El?Ie',;andT*Rrchard'*McDonaId. -and
.brother ot'.J. A.- and -J: J.' McDonald. Mrs.
P. Hayes, Mrs. H. . Schroder and the late
, Airs. F. Whitelaw, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged S.7- years. >-,.-,-.,
M AHONE Y— iln this city. April 17, 1902, ¦Wil-
liam, beloved husband -of the late Julia. Ma-
honey,. beloved .father of Michael J., William
'P.; Katie T. and r _argaret- II. Mahoney and
Mrs. James A. Flynn, and grandfather of
Cecelia -A. and William J. Flynn, < a native
of Mount Pleasant, Bandon, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 5S years.
E3>-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, • from the parlors, of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Peter's Church for
services, at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ' . *
MARCY— In this city, -April IS, 1902, Joseph
M. Marcy, beloved husband of Mary Marcy,
and uncle of 55. C. Marcy of San Francisco
and J. G. Marcy of Sonoma City, a natlv*
of France, aged . SO years 2 . months and 1
- day. . .
C_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral Sunday,
at 12:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 731
Pine street, thence to the French Church.
Bush street, where services will be held at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATHEWS — In this city, April 18, 1902, Ber-
nard Mathews. beloved husband of the late
Annie Mathews, and father of Mrs. George
de Brie, Mrs. A. H.' Parnell of Raymond,
% Madera County, Cal., and William Mathews
of San Francisco, a native of County, Louth,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
IC7Frlenu3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
-(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner _ Guntz Undertaking Company,
-1209 Miaslon street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church, corner
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, for ser-
' vices. ¦ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In tbls city, April IS, 1902, at her
residence, 460 Devisadero street, Mary E.,
beloved widow of the late John O'Brien, a
native of New York City, N. Y.
OWENB-In this city, April 18, 1902, Freder-
ick L. Owens, husband of Eulogia Jane
Owens, and father of Alfred Owens.' a native
of England, aged 45. years.
PARIS— In thla city. April 18, 1902. Rebecca.
- beloved wife of Otto M. Paris, mother of
Marshall Paris, stepmother of Laura Paris,
and sister of Frank. George and Will Gay
and Mrs. Lizzie ¦ Babcock, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 89 years and 2 months. ,
PLONER— In this city. April 19. 1002. Mary
Ploner,: dearly beloved wife of P. P. Ploner,
a native of ' Canton Underwalden, Switzer-
land; asred 45 years.. . ' -.
_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
, the Gantner _ Gunts Undertakin? Company,
1209 Mlsilon street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Cremation Cypress. Lawn Cemetery.
POPE — In Emeryville, Hiram' Pone, beloved
husband of Mary Pope, and father of George
Pope and Mrs. N. Earle.a native of Canada,
aged 53 years. .-.-.- - .' . . - •
', ' ' ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully Invited' to attend the funeral ¦' Sunday,
'.April. 20, at 2 o'clock, .from his late, resi-
dence, Hallisck street. Emeryville. Interment
" Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. -.
REEB— In Hornltoa. Cal.. April 9, , 1902, Rosl-
na.. beloved, wife. of George Reeb, mother of
Mrs. W. J.' Morrison, Mrs. J. B.' Morrison,
Mrs. J. W. Collins. Mrs. B. EJ. Thurber and
George M.. Fred W, and Lena E. Reeb. and
' sister of Mrs. • K. Kdcher. a native of . Can-
' ton Bern; Switzerland, a*«d * 63 years 1
month and 21 days. - ¦
RENTON— In .this city, April -19. ' 1902. Wil-
% Ham 8. Renton, beloved son of Henry TV' and
Mary Renton. and beloved brother, of Harry
Hamilton. Daniel, Alice. May and Katherlnc
Renton, - a native of Ban Francisco, aged 25
years. . ¦ . -^ ¦ --. ¦. ¦ -.- -..
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.) '•
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite. Lincoln SchooL .
- Telephone , South 80. ¦ .
Mt. Olivet' Cemetery, v
NEAREST THE CITY. .
Office, 916 Market Street
•• ./ Telephone , Bu*h 367.
NEW FIRM; OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFadden; 18 years manager for
the United .Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green,; late with J..C. O'Con-'
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral' Par-
lors at 1171 Mission- st/, between Seventh'
• and Eighth.. Telephone. South 44. -
" ' >* '_ ___^ ________^_. • - . ' ' '
V 'JAMBS McGINN, yn I
Formerly -with McGinn Bros.',- has opened
'new Funeral Parlors at 214 -Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. - Telephone South 676. :
I UNITED UNDERTARERsl
27 and 20 Fifth St. .Tel. South Mr B
TONERAL ¦ DIRECTORS ANP EM BALMERS. M ,
; nnwt^ Equ\pm«nt_»t ¦ Moderate R_tg«. 1complaint was sworn to. 'Attorney Peter
F. Dunne's representative . Immediately
produced a complaint which Garrett had
sworn to before the Judge Friday at
Mount Zion Hospital. The original case
was thereupon dismissed and Hanated
was arrested on tho warrant and booked
at the City Prison. He was at oace re
leased . on the earns bail as before, Th«
case will be called to-morrow morning.
The case of Fred Hansted; charged with
an ; assault : to do grievous bodily injury
upon; Thomas ; Garrett, was again called
in I Judge" Cabanlss' court : yesterday; •¦ -As
the six days' had - elapsed :.< during which
continuances can'* be -granted. r Attorney
Archie i Campbell " moved >¦ tor- a dismissal
of 'the; case., adding' that VHansted would
be'i ready.' to surrender .himself when h
Qarrett Swears to Complaint.
'Rev. A.' C-. Bane of the California-street
Methodist. 'Episcopal Church will preach
¦;Rev. Frank K.' Baker of, the First Meth
odist : Episcopal- Churchr will -preach- this
morning on , "The ¦ Broken ? Purposes f- of
Life. 1 and .Why." . •. : :;_- ; --. ;¦ . ; , ,
- Rev. S. ~M. Woodward of * the Potrero
Methodist . Episcopal; Church,' will 'preach
this ;¦. morning ¦< on . "Christian ': Discipline,"
and in the • evening on "Looking to
Jesus.V: ..- . :¦': "¦¦:¦ ..-:.'-.¦....:...-.¦
• Rev. F. ,. W. ¦ Lloyd of the - Richmond
Methodist Episcopal -' Church will preach
this morning on "Faith .Triumphant," and
in the evening on r "The Price of a Man.'-'
•¦ Rev. John A..B. Wilson of the Howard
street i Methodist i Episcopal Church will
preach, this morning on;"A ForgottenOb
ligation," and in the evening , op "The
Vow Obligations.". '
-Rev.iM. F.. Larkinof Grace Methodist
Eptscopal Church will preach this morn
ing on; "The Precious Stones; and Stubble
of Life," and in the evening on "The Peo
ple Who Don't.'.'
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth Meth
odist Episcopal . Church will preach Uiis
morning on, "The True Devotion," and In
the evening on "The Life Benificent.":":,
*Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church i will preach
this morning on .."Light," and in the even
ing on "Darkness. " -¦_¦'¦ . .¦ . .-¦ ' ' :
i Rev. F. C. Gale of the Shattuck-avenue
Methodist Episcopal Church wlir preach
this morning on "The Gospel of the
Tongue." . ¦. -.-'i; V:- v : "
There will be a solemn high mass In St.
Ignatius. Church, at / 10:30 o'clock" this
morning, and""; solemn benediction ' ... and
sojemn vespers-in the evening. » The ser
mon, in the morning will, be preached by
Father Landry, and in the evening Father
Mahony will preach. . >Jt
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach' this evening' on "The Popular
Christ." . . ; t • ..<¦ ¦
The members of,. St.- Mary's Branch.
Catholic Knights of America, .will receive
holycommunlon'.lrt'a body at St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church this morning at. the 7:30
mass.' ¦ . ." '¦'; "¦: ¦•.'¦'¦¦.¦': ¦¦¦¦.
"Great Is Jehovah" (Schubert) ; "Tho Lord
Is My Light". (Allitson); "Charity" (Rossini);
"Woe Unto 'Them" and "I Waited for the
Lord" (Mendelssohn); -Glory to Thee" (Howe) ;
"O, Divine Redeemer" (Gounod);- "Magnificat"
(West); "O Salutaris" (Rlffa);.."Ave Verum"
and "Tantum Krgo" (Dethier); organ numbers
— Vorsplel and PreUlled, "Parsifal" (Wagner);
offertory (Grison); postludlum (Whiting); solo
choir— Misses Lillian L.. Boeder, Eleanor Joseph
and Ella V. McCloakey, Mrs. H. Clark; Messrs.
F. Onalow; E. M. Long,, E. George, G. R, Bird.
J. -Hamilton Howe, organist and director. ; •,
St. Dominic's Church choir will render
a splendid musical •• programme at this
evening's services. The programme will
include: ; • • ' " , t
St. Dominic's Church Has
Prepared a Special
Programme.
CHOIR TO SING
SACRED MUSIC
" Oscar Foss will erect a two-story brick
building on the northwest corner of Ore
gon and Davis streets. ; . :,.
Mrs. Daley -will build an apartment
house on- the south line • of Ellis street,
between Taylor, and Jones. . ,- '• ;rr'*--:j
Henry. Mangels ; will place . six . flats 'on
Page street, west from Clayton; at a cost
of about $17,000.- " --;•-.. . : ,.-•:--, .
Louis Bendel .will build five flats on the
southeast corner of . McAllister street and
Central avenue. • '. .
Cornelius C. Murphy will erect flats on
the east line of Stanyan street, north of
Frederick, to cost $8500. ? ' ..'
Baldwin & Howell will sell at auction
on Saturday. May 10. In Library Hall. San
Mateo, a portion of the Clark tract. Nine
ty-seven „ villa lots. will be offered by.or
der of Cyrus W.Carmany, trustee.
The Fair heirs have decided to use the
entire block bounded by California, Sac
ramento, Mason and Powell. streets as the
site of the Fairmont' Hotel structure.
The entrance will be from the : Powell
street side. . The- main part of the, hotel
will be on the upper part of the large lot,
and wings will run down to Powell street.
Between the wings will be gardens to en
hance the beauty of the; hotel surround
ings. The original plans for the , hotel
will have to be modified to meet the 'new
requirements. ¦ .- . :.
G. -H:: Umbsen & Co. will hold an.'auc
tlon of realty ' at their salesrooms on
Montgomery street to-morrow, and the
offerings, which have been previously
mentioned,. will be many, affording good
chances for a choice investment.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. will hold an
auction sale next Tuesday. - A Pacific
Heights residence, a residence on Sacra
mento street, the southwest corner- of
Juniper and Harrison streets, a cottage
on Twenty-flrst street, a residence on
Golden Gate avenue, an Oak street cot
tage, a lot on San Bruno avenue, flats on
Silver street and a Richmond building lot
are on the list. .
Offered at Auction.
loan societies or to the banks. It is esti
mated that there are 1500 residents of the
district: Contractors and builders who
have purchased recently from four to ten
lots each In blocks near the park and
convenient to electric cars are building
houses which are sold on easy terms. The
residents anticipate much from the exten
sion of the electric car service and the
improvements in the Byfield tract.
A lot 136 feet on the we!)t line of Valen
cia street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third streets, has been sold for
D. M. Klumpke for $17,680 by Ashton . &.
Gardiner. The purchaser will Improve the
property with flats and stores.
Edward H. Kittrldge has purchased the
southwest corner of Sutter a.nd Stockton
streets. 60x60 feet, from Warring Wilkin
son for $66,500.
The northwest corner of Fell and Gough
streets has been sold by the estate of
John Long to John F. Early for $32,150.
The McCarthy Company reports the
6ale of a large number of properties re
cently
Galvin Arraigned for- Perjury.
Thomas : Galvin was ' arraigned: before
Judge Cook yesterday on the. indictment
of the Grand Jury ; charging. him.{,wlth
committing -.perjury while -'testifying -at
his trial for. beating and robbing Mre.vEl
len J. Foote in her rooms at the i Io tel
Elysium* on Geary street.-.. He was grant
ed , the statutory time ' to I plead, f Joseph
T. ; Finn, who was indicted - on the;'Baine
charge, has not yet been. arrested... V.The
motion for a new trial • In ' Galvin's" case
was argued and -the Judge :. reserved * his
decision till April 25: fe8g®BGi^£<£'3S&&&M$a
A. E. Buckingham reports that on thir
ty-seven lots recently sold' by him in the
Bunset district thirty-one houses have
been erected.^Duringthe past three years
not lesu than 200 houses have been built
in the Sunset district. Ninety per cent
of these houses are occupied by the own
ers, who have either paid cash for them
or are paying installments to building and
South of the Park.
Hanlque estate to Griffiths, for $2700,,'im
provements and lot. 9 Pearl street; Dickinson
to Cal&Kari, $2100. improvements, 423 Union
street., and lot 18:6x60; Shuey to Bon. $2100,
east line of Shotwell street, south • of Four
teenth street, 25x122:6; Fltzoatrick to De Mar
tini, C2100, improvements,. 8 Avery street, and
lot 25x94 ; Powers to Peterson. $2000, Improve
ments, 280 Hartford fctreet, 82:6 north of Twen
tieth street, and lot 22x125; American Surety
Company to Haryett, $1900, 6116 California
street, and lot 25x100; Schrader to Hansen,
$1950. lot of land east line of Noe street. 52:0
south of Fourteenth street. 25x105; Healy to
Huber, $lS00. Improvement*. 28-28 California
avenue; Carmen to Joreensen, $1700, improve
ments, 323 Duncan street, and lot 24:4x114;
McDermott to McGlynn, $1600. 85 California
avenue, and lot 25x70; Strand to Krug, $1650.
Improvements, 1123 York street, and lot 26x
100; Friedman to Bothln, $1500, and lot 50s
124 on east line of Franklin street. 137:6 south
of Bay street; Asmuesen to Williams, $1300,
lot on north line of Twenty-fourth street, 100
feet east of Sanchez street, -25x114; Tench to
DeHamonica. $1500. Improvements. 444-442
Harriet street, and lot 25x75: Whitely to Phil
lips. $1400. lot 25x137 :6 on . north line of Port
street, 119 :"3 west of Lyon street: City 8treet
Improvement Company to Cruckshank, $1000.
lot 25x100 on Utah • street, north of Seven
teenth; Gardner to Wrlxon, $950, lot 22x65 on
east line of Stockton street,- south of Chestnut
street: Wbltely to Ehret. $900. lot 25x120 qn
east line of Sixth avenue, north of Clement
street; Whitely to Dahl. $900. east line of
Sixth avenue, north of.Clement. 25x120: -Whit
come to Norton, $450,^ lot 43. block C, -Parre
Lane Tract: Tucker to Bhirek. $l«.5O0^ im
provements. 455-7-0 Hayes street, and lot 25
>120; St. Mary's 1 Hospital to De Martini, $16,
400. improvements, ¦ 811-13-15 Fourth street,
and lot 40x57:6; Hayes to Bowman. $14,000.
improvements and lot southwest- corner of
Halpht and L»yon streets, lot 110x56: Brown to
Bummers, $6450, improvements, 2207 Scott
street, and lot 25x90; German to B. W.-.Joy.
$e250. Improvements, 2105 Pine street, and lot
25x100; Turre Estate to Lauener, $5500. im
provements, 105 Devlsadero street, and lot 25
xlOO: Hansen to Isaac. $5000, Improvements, 21
Baker street, and lot 22x100; Phillips to
Rourke, $5000. Improvements. 2731-41 Folsom
street, and lot 26x122:6; Metzser to : Wilson,
$4300. Improvements. 4025 Twenty-fifth utreet.
and lot 101x114; Morton to Gibbons, $4250. im
provements, 2526-28 Post street; 'Sweasey to
Young, $4100, northwest corner Haight and
Lyon streets, 25x100; Paulson to Deasy, $4000,
Improvements, 924% - Florida street, and lot
26x100; Chamberlain to Qulnn. $4100, Improve
ments, 42-44-46 Spofford alley, and- lot 36:8x
55; Van Winkle to Meads, $4100, improve
menu, 2224 Howard street, and lot' 30x122:6:
MerFinsr Estate to Bradshaw. $3850. 1216-18
Foleom street, ¦ lot 25x80; Barry to Geiger,
$3500, improvements, • 359-61" Clementina street,
and lot 25xS0: Hansen . to Sexton. $3000. im
provements, 157 Clara • street, ¦ and lot 22:llx
75; Ouinn to Moses, .$3000. improvements. 316
Seventh street, and lot 25x75; Haas to Temple,
$3100, Improvements. -2020^ Washington ave
nue. , . • - . ..• . ¦
California street, between' ¦ Twenty-first and
Twenty-second avenues, for $1200; lot 25x120
on east line of Eighth avenue, between J and
K streets, for $S00; lot 25x100 on south line of
Clement street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third avenues, -for $4O0: lot 63:10x125
on north line of A street, between Twenty-flftH
and Twenty-sixth avenues, ror $550; cottage
and lot 25x120 on east line of Twelfth avenue,
between H and I streets, for $2500; lot 25x120
on east line of Tenth avenue, between Califor
nia and Lake streets, for $675; lot 25x120 on
east line of Twelth avenue, 250 feet south of
Point Lobos avenue, for $800: 6 lots in block
17. Excelflor Homestead, for $1500.
Sales are reported by G. H. Umbsen &
Co. as follows:
; Chaplain Oliver C: Miller of the Artil
lery-Corps, who has been absent ¦ on ¦: sick
lea ve. has . returned to the Presidio and
resumed.:, his -duties "as, chaplain of the
pest.; He 'will conduct! services to-day in
the post * at 11- a. m. and : at '7:30 . p. ¦ m. in
the chapel of , the General Hospital.
"Joseph, the Prisoner" will be the sub
ject , of the address that Rev. William
Kirk ; Guthrie will - deliver ' before ' the
young men of the Young Men's Christian
Association, this -afternoon. H. H. : Barn
hart: will sing. • . . -
F. W. Fischer of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church will preach this
morning on "The One Family." and In the
everrfng ( on '"Time Enough Yet.". .
M. W.' Bynn will preach at the African
Methodist Episcopal Zlon, Church this
morning. ' ;
A Talmage memorial service will be
held in the Lebanon Presbyterian Church
this , evening.' •¦- ¦'¦..-. i: •
Rev.Dr. Barnitz, Western secretary of
the Lutheran Home Mission Board, will
preach this morning at the First English
Lutheran Church. • • .
Rev. H. H. «Bell of. the First United
Presbyterian Church Twill preach this
morning on "Jacob ~ Wrestling." and in
the evening on "The Young Man and His
Environments." ; . »
- Rev. Bradford Leavitt of, the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning
on "Tragedies: of the Innocent."
. : Rev. E. H. Avery of the "Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Acceptable Words,'.' i and In
the evening on "Blessings Upontha'Man
That Dares to Go Ahead."
Rev. John Hemphill -: of .. the Calvary
Presbyterian Church ; will S preach this
morning on "A Certain. Cure for Trou
ble," and in the evening on "Almost
Gone." .: ' ., ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ > • ••
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Malady of Religious Doubt.
Its Cause. and Cure," and in the evening
on "Fraternity." • .
Rev. R. R. Lloyd of the Parlt Congrega
tional Church will preach this morning
on "Waiting to See the End." and in the
evening on-"Wlth-. Millet at Prayer."
Rev. Philip Coombe i of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Important Step in Human
Development." and In the evening on
"Religious Instruction for Sectarians In
the Trend of the Age."
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on r "Eternal Kingdom." and
in the evening, on "The BHght of Sin."
"Probation After Death" Is the subject
of the lesson at the First Church of
Christ (Scientist) this morning. .
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Shortest Biography of
Christ," and in the evening on "A Good
Word '.for the Priest and LevlYs." :.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church wili preach this morning- on "The
Success of Childhood," and In the even
ing on "God Gives and Forgives."
this morning on "The Prize Set Before
Ub.V and in the ' evening on "Failure
Through Success." : : N
' . 18 la Wock 37 « Exoelsior Homestead,
for $2250: cottage and lot 25x120 oa Twenty
third avenue, near California street, to Ed*ar
Arcber, for $1000; lot 50x100 on north line- of
J. W. Fountain to Mrs. Henry Wenzel lot
and Improvements. 4041 Eighteenth street. 25
feet east of Hartford. 25x78. for $2563- Ber
nard Kelter to C. Goldberg, north line of Ellis
•tr»et. east of Beldeman, two cottages and
lot 30x75, for $3300: north line of Bush street
near Broderlck. lot and two flats 28x137-0
H. J. Hesselmeyer to H. Lerner. for $S500 :
four flats on the west side of Juniper street'
250 feet south of Harrison, by O. J .Redman
to Rose Freeman, 25x85. for $3750; Alfred K*>1
¦>her to A. W» Barry, lot 3 in plat G. Pied
mont Park Tract, for $4000; Mary j. Mayborn
to John MacLaren. lot on north line of D street
•west of Fourteenth avenue. 25x100, for C1100-
Cats on west line of Lyon street, near Hayes'
and lot 25x112:6. by George TV. Wlttman to
rollta Elchers, for $6500.
r ' rh *j? 0 l\ 0 ' K ] n Z Eales are reported by Sol
Recent sales are reported by Easton
Eldridge & Co. as follows: '
I/ots and Houses.
M. Fifher to B. Hulfson, two new flats at
1633 "Waller street. 35 feet east from Shrader.
25x100 feet, for $7250; S. G. Kellogg to George
E. Tooker, store and four flats on the east line
ft Eighth street. No. 217, between HoT&rd
and Folsom. for $7500: Citizens' Building and
loan Association to 6. A. Sullivan, medern
residence. 114 Lyon street, near Oak. $5350:
I. Oppenhelm to W. S. Bruner. residence 311
Spruce street, near Clay. (8000: Mary Tierney
to Rudolph Fl-nnke, three flait. 287 Clara
ptreet. JCOOO: J. KlUelay to M. M. McLaurfclin
five Hats at 35 Perry "treet. $5250; Anne Gal
lagher to Peter Weber, two fla'.i, 212 Utah
utrect, $2100; M. J. Oleon to Uilu Havden
residence. 1132 Fell street. $4150; B. Robin
won to M. M. McLaughlln. three flats. 81 to
63 Shipley etreet. f3000: estate of James A
Johnson to A. H. Baley. six flats. 27 to 31
Morris avenue. $5500: R. Lhinsmuir Sons Co
lO ? r r,r T- M ,- F " reenu "i. four flats an4 coal
yard. 611 to C13 Natoma street, $5000" W W
P.ednsUl to E. F. IXifTy. lot on the east' line
of Tremont avenue, 2C7:3 Fouth of Waller
street ?300: Alexander Bond to J. BHbe, three
modern flats on the northeast corner of Fill
more and Hermann etreets, $8200 The last
eaJe was la conjunction with F. B. Surryhne.
Northwest corner Geary and Lapina streets,
lS7:6x:S7:t> feet. $27,500; lot on the south line
of Jackson street, west of Van Ness avenue,
r>Oxl27:t> feet, with residence. £23.€50; north-
» p est corner of Castro and Nineteenth streets,
30x80 feet, stores and flats, $12,000; lot on the
couth line of California street, east of Web
eter Ftreet. 25x137:6, $3750; lot on the west
line of Fourth avenue. 375 feet north of Cle
mert street. 25x120 feet, with cottage. JSSOo;
northwest corner of Devlsadero and Turk
streets, 27x87 feet. $6000; lot on the south line
of Poet street, west of Hyde street. 40x120 feet,
two flats, f 12.500: lot on the south line of Mc-
Allister street, west of Buchanan atreet. 25x
137:6. $4600: lot and cottajre on the northeast
comer of Union and Pierce streets. 30x100 feet,
$4100; lot on the east line of Bryant street,
south of Twenty-first street, 25x100 feet. $1750:
lot on the east line of Florida street, north of
Eighteenth street, 50x100, $1700.
These eales are ' reported by Nelson.
Johnson & Co.:
The following transactions are reported
by the Von Rhein Real Estate Company:
Southeast corner of Polk and Post streets,
120x66:6. with additior.il frontage of 66:6 feet
tn Cedar Evenue, from the I>wyer estate to
George M. Mitchril for $45,000: Edtth Barbour
to il&ry Fitzhugh, lot on south line of Pacific
street. 32:6 east of Walnut. 40x127. $4S00; Xor
man Parrish estate to Eliza Moorman, prem
ises on west elde of Bartiett street, 185 feet
south of Twenty-fourth. 50x117:6. $6000; Annie
G. Duffy to John E. Quinn, premises on east
side of Valencia street, 120 feet north of Sev
enteenth, 65x87:6, $11,000; George H. Bew to
Ruth Campbell, four-story building; and lot 25
*&0, on the south side of Howard street. 225
feet west of Fourth, $15,000; Ruth Campbell to
Henry Rosenfeld. northeast corner, of Jackson
and Cherry streets. 9UxlO6 feet, $15,000; Mrs.
W F. O'Brien to B. Davldow. four-story build-
Inn and lot £5x80, on the south line of How
ard street. 250 west of Fourth, $12,500.
The following sales have been made by
O. D. Baldwin & Son:
Deals Through. Brokers.
Several laree and important transac
tions in tho local realty market have
taken place in the last week, •with a mul
titude of smaller ones. Some of these
have been alluded to previously from day
to day. The activity In the market suf
fers no falling off. as the lists of sates
reported by the different brokers give
evidence. Resales of business properties
at an advance upon the prices paid only
a few months ago bear testimony to the
fact that the confidence of conservative
buyers continues to be strong.
During the week the sales recorded
numbered 178 and represented a total ex
penditure of $1,369,255.
Burnham & Marsh Company, in addition
to the Easterbrook property transfer on
the north line of Sutter 6treet, 55 feet
vest from Grant avenue, the sale of
¦which to Edward Rolkin for $90,000 has
already been reported, make public the
eale of 75x137:6 feet on the south line of
O«ary street, 162:6 feet west from Powell.
almost opposite the hotel going up on the
Crocker property, the price being $150,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons have -sold for
William F. Whittier for $66,500 45:10x275
feet on the east line of Fremont street,
with warehouse occupied by C. Sidney
Shepard & Co., the property being be
tween Howard and Folsom streets.
Speck & Co. have sold for Mrs. Julia
Walter to John Rosenfeld's Sons the
ncrtheast corner of Sansome and Pacific
streets. CS:8xl37:C, with the structure
thereon, known as the Palmer House,
¦with other buildings, that bring in an in
come of $266 per month, the price being
S35.CKK). The same brokers have also sold
for John Breuner and .Robert Behlow to
E. A. Heron property on the south line
of O'Farrell street. Just west from Hyde,
which was recently bought by the first
two named, the price being $20,000, an ad
vance on the resale of $5000. On the lot
Mr. Heron will erect a six-story apart
ment house.
Strength of Market Grows
With Many Buyers in
the Field.
Deals Recorded in Week
Again Total Above
One Million.
REALTY SALES
ARE VERY BIG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 20, 1902. v
40
Special Offer
FOR
15 Days Only
THE SPLENDID
COLLECTION OF
The P. Rossi Go.
Consisting: of Imported
ART FURNITURE,
COLONIAL MAHOGANY,
MARBLES AND BRONZES,
STATUARY,
OIL PAINTINGS
AND ORNAMENTS
WILL, BE SOLD AT
25 % LESS
Than MarKed Prices.
The P. Rossi Co.
229 Sutter St.
Bet. Gtant Avc a.nd Kearny St.
SAJf FRAXCISCO.
Hale^s. j 'Kale's. _ _ .A-i-- Hale's. I . - Hale's. I Hale's. | TLale's.
*fx \7 I Don't confuse these splendid rings with plated ones. For, notwithstanding the * remarkable prices, they are all genuine gold and stand the acid test, which no washed or iS/^\ O
V I plated ring will do. Not solid, though.: for, as, the word "sHell'.' implies, they are hollow; but many prefer them for that reason, as they are a little lighter. Remember they are V-^ 1/
Vj in the latest and prettiest designs, and, being genuine gold, it is as genteel to wear them as to wear solid gold ones, and no difference in the appearance. Wear all right, too. Seems I j
V -S as if there. was no wear-out to them. ' ¦ . ¦*
Gold shell, plain o«- engraved band rings for children, all Gold Shell set rings for ladies, with. one and two settings, A choice selection of gold shell rings with doublet settings
'^^^^^M^4SM^M^^. "^ deSiR " Sl S^llliSl^S^^i rUbiCS ' Cm - 6 Sd t^sp|S^'
turquoise, Rarnetsfemerald, topaz ........... .lioc eralds and turquoise, new patterns. ./.V.. .. .....50c ¦ '.. ... $1.00
Lace Curtains, Dress Goods, y^^M. ; /#^^^^> Dress Silks, stylish Belts and Buckles.
The 'ace curtain -ale last Colored silk ajld w ° o1 Qlorias - fed /^^^^ ''VEmSI''- Wk Foulard Silks. ¦ . -.^ You can't well look at
The ' aCe i CUrtam 1C -The color range rivals the. ran^ ,^^^^ Time for foulards-and this the place our collection of he\t* anrt
week was a big success— had bow-i s a good expose of what is 7?^^\^'^^i&?^\^ /^^^^ for them— for there is "not a yard ? collection ot belts and
tn hp at the values «-iven But ; £ te and ncw , in soh< J c o lorm .f s ; ' ui^O^^^^^S^^S^JiJjC^ ina11 this big stock that is not buckles, noting particularly
UssuccLs ..as stinuUated us SS^SdT&^J '.£&! the P"« s - ™« ™t be con-
tr, arwtpr pfTnrt*; efforts to fabric makes— good lorju\l suits., , fB A 3 * 7 ¦'¦' . ¦ «Sf^7 tious maker. Then the designs Vinced that- we are belt and
to greaier cnui is . ,. too— 42 inches wide....Jpl-2o yard "fM ; /f ;%%&'; %^\\\ W are exclusively our own. while the hnrklp JiM(1ntwWAre_t»i 9 f w .
excel ourselves with this big Black Cheviot— These goods .are . m((/%K/ . '. vSXft 'V/ newsest demands of Dame Fash- £ ¦ £ nea ?4 uarters tnat we
sa j e the result: . direct from one of the best French 1 %*^^y^ '<&?&&&¦) $/ • lon in the way \ of colorings are DUy them right and Sell them
makers and possess the advantage Jf «.^vCU ~. MZ^A Ni fully met— 24. inches wide nVhf H>r*» ic mr»r«» *»vi^Anr<»
Sooo pairs medium to the best of being steam shrunk-extra V >f ff^~WH (li*<\n4t\C*i ikt A II Wj R <. I. ...... :...-.:. ..$5c and 91.00 "b*^-- .-ncrc is-raore eviaence
grade of Nottingham curtains, just heavy and 50 inches wide— a fine \-Wf Wl Jf) vllvdllv^L Ul A.1 \\jtw \^I Fancy S/lks. .... to that effect:
received for the month. of May sell- $1.25 quality for. ....... .75c yard ' W^-^A/ . v . • ~-O^ Like something .bright and rich Belts— Made of best tmalitv AnuhU
ing. Are you going to move on the Black French Coating Serge— You ' /^^^ > "^^^^- jC*^^~ and tasty? If so. see these beauti- faced satin witti hjn^flm ™
first of the month? If so you will make no mistake in buying this— ¦— "^^ ">^ , : M pompadour designs we are mt rJt f nr ! v-T J?l , ;JS!i? ;'
.nrely require a few pairs of curtains full 50 inch-extra heavy-$i.2.; wSi. • <* £ >^ V showing and which look nicest in tu rauoi« wll, W f „!? 11
for the inevitable changes that one grade goods for 00c Yard • ¦ I jSKK/\M "¦• CLli AW' fancywaists. . They are a real S^Sor Fr,nS J!
finds after moving. -' Fa n Cy Black Fabrics-Black Mis- fCl O O O ii $1.25 value, too: on sale at mt* oxidized or Fqnch gy
300 pairs ecru or white Nottingham -trals 45 inches wide. .. -75c Yard 7^* 1 *¦-< •*»•'-¦. *-* • ., •• ••¦•• :....-. ......... .»9c Yard Tho "Vera"* Belt— Md i h t
200 pairs bay window curtains in ¦¦ , , wlde .•" -..f r^ . # _ # _ .-¦: fdll 24 -inches wide, worth regu^ - •^VelWt \'*I~l ? a Z
ecru or white-3/ 2 yards long and ; ' -F 1 1 V£» I'MCn 1 1 M L W 1 H HH tl larly $1.00. and now on sale at.... B1^ k j}? T £; J* lt ~ B A °/ d / TC L lth
50 inches wide-new pattern ...... » T , „, - r - . ; * f V lllTw11 M\ IUUU II .;....... 75c Yard .. T th J ! W u
oair S1.5O Maw YVflCli HJlhrirC 4. -i j J j .' , Black Grenadines. els and oxidized buckle to match
" CW WaSH """C* as was ever at ;4 5 c a yard- 5 oc ,s usual, . Those gauzy brocaded d«i CT ,
SSSffl^tiSggM PHI liPlli : -But/you don't have to pay :45c a>\d. 50c for it now-for this ?Z£ a !?£\^°S& t % r ™
centers with narrow borders. J.. . Going to have .one of those fine, positively greatest sale in our history of San Francisco ribbon : n :-yA-~- 91.50 Yard t urq , u , oise ' SyMj st iS ! i 1 *
......pair $1.75 strong, vigorous Hale sales in. ..wash elHn o- st arts to morrow with ' Black Peau de Soies. m^ac^•••^g.JJO. 9 2. 75 >4.5O
WSSmM i wM0$ |pi| ii len .Thousand Yards | iiiyiigigg
narrow Battenberg effect inser- you most want thc « oods - to °- • P^-^2^,^. Jt f T^f ' U tA ' ' studded with jewels, some purple
pr iH!li?i! Than Half, or The Notion Action i^8?li^S
tive ..pair $2.OO ground, fancy, ft striped patterns— ... w j j ,. " Black Satin Belts — A rare offer, has
200 pairs fine Nottingham curtains. regular 20c grade-on sale. _. 22C YSTU. Well! Here is' another of 6 '^ks, is 3 inches wide, made
in Madras effects-some very new • .15c Yard i£*y. **<m^ mw«.AM* f, mniK u a l, AT rt f;«« of-very good material; others
and exclusive patterns-several of Nainsook-Wash goods. 28 inches How do we do it> Luck was an imoortant factor this time \ lUdirt c , ¦ ™°V S ' , ale iNotlon ma de of velvet; some have pretty
the imitation ruffled borders wide-white ground with colored . ma "ufa^^ Sales and the best one yet.
among them-veryjashionable,.. str, pCS -i 5 c grade on sale at greatly out of proportion and he asked us to. look through and see what we. Look, over the list— it will buckfc^ fn gofd SdizedoArSSh
•¦¦•pair ?2.2o and .....lOc yard could use "at a price." We told him with equal candor that we had already c, 1frjyp<;r ; tprnQ VO11 n^ A onr1 S ste 25c S
~ '; Ghngrham-zooo yards— .32 inches bought heavily and had all the ribbons we needed. But upon him insist- su ggest items you need and ¦ gray .and steel......... -*Oc Each
I nff JlflTP rUffaillC wide— all new patterns_in a large ing we went through, and. being most favorably impressed with this beauti- show savinsrs you can make * " e "UCkleS. •
tUlia^W WUliailld, variety of colorings. "RjKuIar 20c {uj^nch high grade^satin ribbon, we made him an offer for every yard he . Feather-stitch Finishing BraidJ 50c_Belt buckles, better and lar-
__ . . : •... c • ¦ „ .quality on sale 15c Yard had. The offer was absurdly low and was made not with the expectation of Fancv desicm* 6 vard T,f^r« df ger assortment in cameos £J5k
P rt a ains P -^ W yards S "on^ CO TnS Batiste-Linen; color, sheer . its acceptance but as a basis of negotiation. The manufacturer promptly T SSS sl^fe&ta^S ' good SoS various^theTS
flf^i^ W^^m^^^l "^^^^ iS^^lSS eST^iS^jS^ cation of
chamber hanging,., .pair gl.oO }frS^S^^^^^^^^^ . 3&
r^iintrn DnAc Keflflin^S • ' Thinkivhatyoucanusethisribbon.for-why.itisjustwhatyouwantfor rT™ tSSt •£?<. y " d^ 91.OOJpl.25, ?l.BO_Another
w0tt3S[6 KOflS, UCUU1U§3. n , ow ru{fleSf milHnery trimming, neckwear-for making the Du Barry B m«!i^ r%ln^ ' r' ' '? A f VO ° l s P Ien^d assortment, made of same
, r.^?-4 . f A The bidding department as usual neck mff, children's sashes and for home decorations-and tliis ribbon is the *&-£, Cottojl - Good material, only more rjchly de-
6 gross white fluted cottage rods. 4 **„* i; n - zLuu iin,, e 7, a i t,i kind you can wash ¦ ' „ ' th I c SS •;;••• •«vv,V <5c dozcn signed in leaves, fleur-de-lis, med-
feet long finished u with dainty S^SirS* of then^ this time l . ViSSlS^"ll^Vibbon section will be devoted to this lot and everything O~dftoddnrt.8hldd... ... allions, bugs Indian heads and
yard done to facilitate this great sale, : W^^^^^^. many other design, :
Ill££t nil] SIC Sheets - doublc bed sizc> 8lxQ0 f*§V /JS87 JsW/ fW/ black or colored 5c cube S air . dressing— any style 25c
Uiivvi IIJW^IV, inches, hemmed, good grade mui- *^~ "^V fas/ -^^?V Una Hairpin Cabinet-Contains a Manicuring— Ladies 25c
Publisher's price 50c— sold by us Hn at less than cost of material by SS&Bsi} /J&f sjS5S£s& good assortment of japanned wire _. . Gentlemen 50c
regularly at 25c. " the yard— regular 55c goods /MSr/ /£&/ /SSS^aSBf/^ /g£/L^d. I&&r5^Z (^S&g&Zs hairpins, straight, crimped or in- Shampooing 5Oc
ONE WEEK SPECIAL— 4 popular .".... 45c each AmY J%W/ l &22&^^^S^'KSj£g^ Tg&^gBsly visible, also black and white pins Children s hair cutting ....... .-oc
hit'— sung everywhere... 17c Each 300 pairs sample blankets, white and ffflr/ /***' „ -* < - g " " 5c box Scalp treatment by specialist.
Three songs— "Baby Mine." "My colored. All grades. They were /^J i^'ftfafhrhsn rnjTinr __r*^ Fancy Frilled Garter Elastic— pi f 1 ; !
Girl From Dixie" and "I'd Like to sent us from the various mills to "•"- " m^&fRBcmJj^*F<llP&0 (H0OD3L^^ - Pink, red. black, blue, orange 5c yd ClCL,Lruiyi»J5.
Hear That Song Again." make selections from. There . is ¦ -\ ; ': Fancy Frilled Side Hose Support- Warts, moles and superfluoui hair
Also the popular march ; and two- only one pair of a kind— not q "-'•'* ' q ers — Pink, blue, red, black, orange permanently removed.
step, "The Fox Hunters." enough of any one to quote prices. O — —rr-— — • _ . . . . — r— — — — O ......10c pair Hair dressing parlors.
I Friedman's Furniture 1
1 "Boxidoir" When Summer "Siesta."
I Rattan Rocker fr omes 7" «* Rattan Rocker
[I /+N ally pay more for >K'->r
H VU y> r*/~\ Rattan Furniture than at UJ^ f^/^V I
I tpjf\\J other times because the de- CD\J # W\J f
m **J mand is greater. We have *-/ ||
II changed all that by laying in so large a stock that we can sell it for LESS. [ j
i Rockers, Reception Chairs, Settees, Tete -a- Tetes, Tea Tables, Tabourettes 1 1
1 .; and porch furniture." . The ?' Boudoir" Rocker shown Is selcted rattan on a ||
| maple frame and usually sells for >oo, now 2.50. The big roll-arm "SI- tl
i esta" Rocker i/finely woven rattan and usually sells for 9.50, now 6.50. [I
fig R-a.ttan is tho Ideal Furniture lor your Country Home |j
H "PlPlTir^ Q-nVI - We have to ° m any of one |j
J X AC111V ,. cll * 1U ' grade, and a nice grade it Is;
; 1 7VT Pi Tl tl <=v T1t«ciVioc Oriental and flowered Velour. f
I UlCipeb Every Combination of color,
H numerous novel and decorative patterns. If your room lacks color, your [
H. r Piano needs protection or mantle has a blemish to hide this mj) Kf\ I
H should Interest you. The regular price for therals $4.50— tp«»OU I
J "The Credit House? Six Storica.Hi^K. |
L Phone Private Cx 37 |