LETTER FROM THE GOVERNOR MARS
HARMONY OF LEAGUE CONVENTION
The San Francisco Call.
W. W. .Shannon, candidate for State
Printer, subject to, the decision of the {Re
publican State ¦ Convention, Is, actively ! at
work.- C. T. Masteller, candidate for 'the
Republican -nomination tb ; the. -'office Vof
State Printer, is on the ground, meeting
prominent, representatives ''of '/ the ,party. ;
SAN ; JOSE, April 14.— Oscar Tolle, clerk
of- Judge- Carroll Cook's department ¦ of
the Superior' Court in San Francisco, '¦:¦ is
making an active canvass for the nomina
tion for Clerk of the Supreme . Court. > He
entertained his- friends last night 'at a
banquet ' in . a popular, rotisserle.
Is Shining.
CcndifatesWho Are Making Hay
- W ;i!e the Convention Sun I
"GLAD HA IDS" }
IN EVIDENCE
State /elections.".' . . .- ; ¦ ¦ <¦'¦;¦¦¦ ;/.'¦• :?\k- •'.*':-*j'.-'-'. t .y._ "y :.::'-¦. .'":J-'.'-.i '" '''V' : ' '*?¦.'¦'•'
: Heartily thanking .you for ; your .very, courteous i and* considerate I
am, my dear sir, very truly^yours, • , :?^%<-^-; HENRY." T.^ GAGE,
Sa'ri' Francisco, April 10, 1902. . : . - : : • : •/ . . > ' "
Al - Johnson, State Printer and candidate
for re-election, is not idle. / ¦ .. .
vFrank'C' Jordan of Alameda, candidate
for trie .'nomination for Clerk of the Su
prerne Court, displays unusual activity.'/
- MaxjWafschauer.of San Francisco is in
the field as' a candidate' for nomination ' as
Clerkof: the Supreme Court.
To-night' the candidacy of 'J.R.. Heb-'
b'rori;bf | Monterey for member of the State'
IBbard -of .Equalization, Fourth , District,"
was ' announced. . Mr.' Hebbrori ' has Cone
good'term'.on the .board to his .credit:'-' '" '•
Clark Santa . Cruz's Mayor.
i SANTA- CRUZ, April lf.--In the ; election
,to-day^tHe^tpt^/ l vote/:wa8';U62.'"--l i Thei[foj
lowing. were elected:/. Mayor," D.' C.i Clark;
Councilmen.'-F.^RV^Waltl,; H. -; Wiliey.-'-F.
K.* Roberts j ; and i'J.[ B.) Maher ; , City /.Clerk,
;j: ; IS. " Wright ;(r'e4lected^ ; ' City; Treasurer,
F.' \V. Lucas (re-elected) / /// / ",•¦.. ,;-.ll, ;' ,.;'-
:. — -TJT ',wON. ALDEN ANDERSON/ President ; State League of. Republican /'
n,— m 'M Lea S ue Clubs, . Suisun, Solano; : CQunty,.; California— My . bear ;; Sir : ; *
; El \'Ja Your very courteous- invitation, .dated; February .'6, 1902,. at: hand,
EB ' Ml as we U as y cur previous -kind 1 letter, .wherein'.; you, cordlallyxln-.;
'.'-**-- ¦" vlte me, on behalf ; of the "executive '¦ committee 1; of "the Stajte^ ".
'¦-;-. i League of Republican Clubs,', to .-attend -the convention to-be ;"held :. j
on the" 14th of- April at the city,;cf .San Josei While ."realizing the. Importance \
of", the convention, and that its / purpose <:is. to 'promote the best interests:, of v ;
the . great Republican party, whose -principles ¦ we , cherish, and believing '.tliatj'. ¦
the momentous deliberations of the '.convention- should ,;be •' absolutely '; exempt ?-,
" from ' all ; personal influence- of ' candidates, ? and likewise 'believing that.thei'la-.^ ;
¦ bors :'of .your, commendable /assembly "cannot be free '; from /embarrassing !-'; in-,' :
fluences, if aspirants for gubernatorial honors attend, the ¦ convention? (and; you v,
; are well aware that. I. desire and expect the people; will- accord me- the" proud \'\
distinction T of a. renomlnatlori) ; = therefore/ putting aside. self-interest in the"; prom- | ;
Vises ;and looking solely toward the welfarerof 'the. Republican party, ;incident ;to " \
-¦¦' untrammeled discussion,..!. 'deem it^my political, diity;.; to ;"decline the i.very,-.' great \'
• honor and pleasure of accepting yoiir,. much esteemed* 1 invitation to be - present 'at
.':- the convention. ; : .." . *"':\. '¦' ' :'¦ ¦'¦ -',, . : {itV.^K^ '¦'-'¦•:¦'• ¦ ¦'¦'¦"'.. ¦'¦-'¦¦ '¦:'¦•;'¦¦ '¦'-
-, r .. While -Vegretting that-my absence <i3- thus occasioned,. I beg leave .to^'express i ;
my personal conviction- of the importance^ of 'Republican ' club - ! organl2atidn,' r " '
•.and' my confidence' that effective and. praiseworthy^ work 'will j 1 be! thereby '*ac- '¦'¦'¦
' complished .which '.will '. redound .-^ to | J the material 'advantage: of the Republican ;
party: in -the "next /national as well as State campaign.'^ , ";1 ', :. ; I v •• ' ' ? -
; ; the J splendid^' principles Vof ¦ Republicanism; thorough .organlza-. ~
.. tion , is /. essential. ! Club I organizatior^ is ; a : concentrated moral ;• force which,;':by.
arousing fealty to enthusiasm, prevents inertia • and ' energizes ; the whole party "
f or^ an active \ and successful- campaign. Organization "educates its '. "members, V'
H indoctrinates non-members and furnishes the : meat ¦; and ' marrow Vof • i
r activity." "It gives- courage to ¦ the timorous,': curbs 'the' demonstrative'^'restrainsr
' the "wayward, stimulates the A indifferent aridi forces the 'indolent , to think! and ¦ to R
"act. ' It Impresses r upon ; the true Republican, v the r r f act jj that .principles iarid •• not ••
• ; men' should be j uppermost, arid that- 1 princlplesVafe-best' disseminated ; by ! obedl- : :
- ence ito party; behests and by concerted • endeavor. ? Party -action^ is', organized,' 5
. action-' /That Republican is faithiess < to party ;.-'. principles* and Vunwbrthy.'of (its V
¦ honors -who ; remains inactive because ' he ¦ fears 'adyer'se .criticism of organization."' '}
¦"I;'am very much gratified in knowing from' the.' convention '.¦ of '.-,. Republican. :>
: Clubs ''that there is a general .belief in the" necessity- of Republican Corganiza-
S tibn for; the propagation of principles, the diffusion of; literature and. active : cam- ;
, paign work, and it is a presage of /Republican-, victory" that- the State % : League V
of i Republican Clubs is I thus /early, manifesting , an ? earnest ', interest? in the ; next v
GAGE'S SNEERING FLING AT
RIVAL CANDIDATES.
There Is a feeling to-night among active
members of the party .who are opposed to;
machine politics that they may be called
upon to-morrow to \ line . up against the
bosses. Apprehension was aroused by tne!
incident that Dibble and Johnson':. were^
placed on the sub-committee and that'
the resolutions may. represent; their Ideas
of Republicanism. : "Fight; or no fight".,
will depend on the report-"-It is the judg-i
ment of many who keep well '. posted in'
politics that a thousand j indorsements ' of
Gage would not offset, the harm he .has
done to his candidacy by his unfortunate
letter to ! the convention.
The plank indorsing .the Republican
State administration, ' it' is . said, ••will be
so worded as to win the support of ; the
entire committee.^ In,- fact, members of
the sub-committee avow to-night . that no
report will be sent to the convention until
it is unanimously adopted by the full
committee. " • ; : ' , '
It transpires .to-night . that • Senator
Lukens, in the committee on resolutions,
sought to 'get an expression- condemning
constitutional amendment No. 28, but Grove
Johnson and Dibble - declared that they
were in favor of the amendment and that
only the "goody goodies" were opposed
to it., Thus lightly was passed- over a
proposition to enslave the people of Cali
fornia. The delegates to the State League
of Republican Clubs may not '.have the
.courage to-morrow to demand their- rlghj,
to pass . judgment on this j monstrous
scheme. Far-sighted ¦ politicians would
not be surprised if the failure, of ." this
convention to act would be the signal for
the assembly of a great convention of the
people to agitate the question. ; ,
INDORSEMENT WILL BE MILD.
The result of that campaign points with un
erring finger to our duty in this convention in
view of the ¦ Impending election. That duty U
to again present rb the people of California a
unified Republican party. There are generous
and honorable - rivalries in all bodies of free
men. There are '¦ contending ambitions and
clashing interests in every form of popular gov
ernment; there are differences of policy and
opinion^ wherever political contests- are '.to be
waged and political prizes attained. These are
proper and healthful to a party where they are
exercised' within legitimate lines, and where
they yield to the ultimate - fiat of parts con
ventions." May we not indulge in the hope
that "this, the largest convocation of represen
tative Republicans ever- assembled in the State
•of California, will recognize the practical wis
dom of a unified Republican party, and will
devote its undivided and collective effort, both
here and ' hereafter, to the realization of this
result; and that the leaders, the candidates,
the press, the contending ambitions and clash
ing factions of our party shall be ' compelled
- That' united effort erased the word "doubt
ful," . from . the dictionary of California politics.
and with Its tidal wave of the largest Re
publican ¦ majority in its history,- swept Cali
fornia far within the boundaries of the safe
Republican- States.
APPEALS FOB HABMONY.
I party should receive such a -welcome. -. Wher
ever culture ¦ exists, wherever prosperity
;'abound3. wherever .an active, intelligent and
liberal spirit ' of progress prevails, there will
be discovered . a stronghold of the Republican
party; there will be found a people proud and
happy in . the . opportunity afforded them, to
tender their tribute to the grand old party for
its achievements in the past; to manifest to
Its ' assembled manhood their unswerving loy
alty to its principles and leadership in the pres
ent, and - to render assurance of future devo
tion so long as Old ' Glory waves in the breezes
of every zone; so long as humanity finds writ
ten in its increasing stars and seamless folds
the glorious history and undimlnished energy
of the Republican party.
'. But while we thus, rejoice in ' mutual good
feeling It is to be remembered; that this' occa
sion is not to be 'altogether - devoted ¦ to the
pleasures of . hospitality. This convention has
important labors to perform and serious work
to do. This is a political year. Within a few
months the people of California will be in the
throes of. a general election. The eyes of the
nation will be upon us, watching to see wheth
er the_ glorious record of 1900 shall be rewritten
in 1DC2; 'whether the proud boast that* Cali
fornia was thenceforth to be numbered among
the . safe Republican . States shall be repeated
and. Justified by "the election 'of "the" present
year.' When the convention of . Republican
"League Clubs met in Los Angeles two yeara
ago. it was to make and keep the high resolve
. that so far as its membership could achieve It.
the Republican party of California should pre
sent a harmonious and unified " phalanx '" to Its
"ancient foe. . How amply that resolution^ was
fulfilled you know full well, and every one of
you recaHs with pride how nobly the Repubii
. can League Clubs of California fought shoulder
to shoulder In this splendid, untiring, accord
ant and successful effort. to again exalt to the
Presidential chair their gallant standard bearer
then, but now their sainted and glorified-mar
tyr. | William McKlnley.
. WELCOMED BY PATTON.
"Joseph R. Patton.. chairman .'. of th*e 're
ception committee, delivered " the address
of welcome. He. was warmly received,
and when the applause subslded_lhe. said:
'¦¦' Gentlemen of the State . League of Republi
can Clubs . and visiting friends : The - great,
populous and beautiful county of Santa Clara
gives you ; greettng.v and T welcomes you with
open ' arms : to* Its ¦ gracious homes, ¦• Ha • bloom-
Ing orchards, its fertile ,-and ; flower
fields, . its .vine-clad and science-crowned moun
tains,', its • smiling ¦ and , sunlit ; vales! ' This : fair
city, the i rose-garden; of 'California,", deliver*
Into : your, hands the keys 'of [ her unstinted hos
pitality, and Invites you to partake of her most
generous, good 'cheer; .this .vast assemblage . of
her* people >ejolces in your presence, and pledge
their utmost' effort to render. your stay In, their
midst \"a; long; remembered '^vision' of .'delight.'
"" It ¦ i(^, fitting . that ' from' such a community the
sterling manhood, the "¦ repreaentatlve leaders
and •¦ the organized / forces ; of » the .'Republican
lowed by cheers for President Roosevelt,
Chairman 'Anderson of" the Republican
League, Abe Ruef, the Republican party
of ' Calif ornla and others. The , crowd
yelled/itself hoarse. long before the con
vention, was Called to order, and .when the
address of welcome was delivered the big
gathering was. in a . thoroughly receptive
mood and eager for the performance of
the work it had assembled to perform.
PRAYER > OPENS THE SESSION.
It was* 11:20 o'clock when President Al
deri' Anderson called the convention to
order. Rev. J./VV. Dinsmore of San Jose
offered a brief prayer j in which he asked
that the best purposes of the great gath
ering nflght be subserved. At the conclu
sion of the invocation the president ap
! pointed James A. Kidward, Chief 'Po
lice of San Jose, as sergeat at arms, wfth
power to appoint as -many. assistants as
his judgment might . dictate.
The San Jose Quartet. sang "The Star-
Spangled Banner" .-and the convention
joined -in the chorus with hearty good;
will. As' the band -repeated the. inspiring!
strains of the immortal melody . the dele-j
"gates, most of whom carried small flags,
rose to their feet and waved them fran
tically and joined lustily in the chorus. .- *
Mayor J. C. Martin of San Jose was the
first notable "to be introduced to ;the con-"
vehtion. - He was greeted with great ap-'
plause. Mayor Martin expressed his pleas
ure .at being "able . to be" present at so dls-^
tlngnished a gathering of Republicans. He
spoke brleflly as follows: .* -'• ;'•"•' '.
.Aa executive of San 'Jose I extend to you a
hearty, welcome - to the ¦ city known 'ta.t ' an>l' :
wide aa the Garden r City. - I hopet you • will
ride "about • the town ' and see what beautiful
homes we J have, what beautiful . streets we
have and also what beautiful ' ladies we have.
(Cheers.). .-.;':.,- J\ " - ; : -" .
We "have; here the State' Normal School; we
have . the . very best of schools. We have, also
now In construction ¦ a v library ' for which ". we
are - thankful to the treat philanthropist An
drew Carnesle, who has been so good as to ex
tend • hla , bounty- to us ' for ¦ the ; benevolent ' sum
of $50,000. At ' the order of ; my physician 1
must desist. I welcome • you' cordially. :
. Special Dispatch, to The Call.
ty DECORATIONS OF THE HALL* ; ?
{* The [ theater - was .• profusely '.decorated
with, flags, bunting, : palms : and ! evergreen.
The^foyer was ' gorgeous- in its rich .color
ing, v while .the .proscenium boxes, • filled
with ladies,- were almost hidden from view
by/flags and :, evergreen.' .Along the foot
lights .a- number . of smair potted : palms
were -iastef ully arranged and on the walls
streamer's' of red; white 'and blue ran then
length's in graceful folds to the rear of the
gallery. V "Everywhere*, pictures' ; of noted
RepublicansT; past !and . present, met,. the
eye. % At' the rear of . the.rostrum, suspend
ed s between 1 ;- two -flags, was : a; mammoth
portrait- of ;William'McKinley.Over.v the
speaker's, stand. 1 hung; the, device of Cali
fornia; , worked ; on / a. f blue ; background,
,"with^the' word. "California" ¦ in"; letters of
'.white.';'. 7,>- ¦'¦',.¦• : . ;i ¦•;'¦'
'- On the/stage,' beside; the officers of the
convention,'^ were seated the members "of
the" Army and Navy Republican \ League
and i University Club. . The _ appearance of
.'these if>" -organizations • called "•' forth loud
cheering. '"/-When ; the . band j' played » "The
Star-Spangled "' Banner."/; before - the , com
mericement (of .the proceedings,; .Grove
'Johnson . proposed } three cheers »; for.-' the
Xrmy'r and -.Navy ;. League. J.This was ' f ol-
i~X The 'Sacramento • delegation, . numbering
nearly ; a 'hundred, ; headed by - Grove "L.
Johnson;; was 'the \ first to- enter the hall.
¦Their- came 'the Alameda County Republi
cans,. with theircrimson banner.' The San
-Francisco., delegation • followed soon after
and marched to its seats amid loud cheer
ing./; In* quick.' succession \ the .delegates
poured"into,the hall.in a seemnigiy endless
stream. The" delegations from San Fran
including 'the .Republican Mutual
Alliance; headed by Martin JCelly, and the
.Primary » League/\under ..the
leadership ,of A." Ruef,* together with the
'district jj delegations, occupied ' - the three
'center ¦.">¦ orchestra' "sections. The . v Sacra
mento delegations sat to. the right and the
'Alameda' delegates occupied the chairs of
the ; lef t section. \ The smaller delegations
were disposed. at random in the rear.. -
_. The convention was an enthusiastic one.
The ..inspiring music' of /. several bands
serVpd • to ¦ arouse the papular enthusiasm
to f the proper pitch. Each of the county
and-, district' delegations /marched to the
Auditorium in a body, and each was given
a warm reception on its arrival.
•;;,"¦; .¦.'•• ; order : in the' Auditorium; to
day. 1 'The spacious' theater was packed to
!tho opors.'with the representative Repub
licans of . who, - to the number
of »0(W • or ; more, 'thronged : the place. For
.iunately Jthe weather, was such' as to ren
der-the i crush -endurable and' to permit of
.vocif eraus outbursts without the excessive
.use of 'the bandana, which hascome.to be
a : recognized feature of political conven
tions, held in the interior counties.
¦ .; ¦- '>*^7& AN | JOSE, -April \ 14.— It / was
|K t^/.^v considerably after the' sched-.
• - uled hour of 11- o'clock when
•a^, r]^w -the, convention of the Repub
'^*^ii ii r, .. lican , League was called to
The desire for general harmony is the
theme of the talk. Speakers Indicate that
the party can march to another splendid
triumph if fraternal strife can be allayed.
The convention to-morrow may be
called upon to show its hand on constitu
tional amendment No. 28. the scheme to
surrender everything to a commission
which the Governor will be authorized to',
appoint. Some, fine wortt has: been 3 one
in committee to exclude this subject from
the order of business. There is not much
hope that the committee on resolutions,
of which Grove L. Johnson and* "Judge
Dibble are leading spirits, will be anxious
to bring the glaring danger of the amend
ment to the notice of the convention.
Taken all together, the impromptu ora
tory this afternoon was fairly good. It is
common talk that Judson C. Brusie made
the best speech. A. J. Buckles and Henry
C. DJbble, Grand Army veterans, who are
strong enough combined to* muster a pair
of legs, gave utterance to impressive sen
timents .and won great applause.
HARMONY IS THE THEME.
There was some cheering for the, exec
utH'e when his unfortunate letter was
read, but this mainly signified the delight
of the assembly that the reading of the
dual document was finished.
A feeble effort to create a demonstra
tion in favor of Gage's candidacy for an
other term was made in the convention
this afternoon. Gage rooters and boost
ers from the State office-holding brigade
were scattered throughout the hall to
start the applause when Grove Johnson,
after mentioning Edson, Preston, Pardee,
Flint and Cutter, should wind up with an
allusion- It was amusing to see Jesse
Marks standing up. waving a flag. Alec
Truman and Ben Fehrman were conspic
uous eh&uters. . The great mass of the
convention, however, sat tranquil and se
rene until the boosters had exhausted
themselves with the .shouting. The dele
gates of the Republican Primary t League
were in another part of the city serenad
ing Preston and Edson when the unsuc
cessful attempt to stampede . the conven
tion was sprung. -
At first there was a jsurpicion. that some
one had played a trick on the convention
by sending in a bogus communication,
but inquiry establishes the fact that the
document was handed to President An
derson by a confidential adviser of the
executive. Gage has some friends in the
convention, but the wisest among them
regard his letter as a political blunder.
suggestions concerning Gage's own aspi
rations and the ungracious fling at other
aspirants for the gubernatorial nomina
tion.
son, president of the State
League of Republican Clubs, while he was
engaged In making selections for commit
tee service. The president simply glanced
over it and did not observe the ill-timed
f AN JOSE, April 14.— Governor
t^ Gage's unfortunate letter af-
fords a text for comment to
j. night. The letter, was placed
In the hands of Alden Ander-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Burns^Herrin Moot 1 '
. ers Encounter a
Frost. >
Play to the Galleries
Mas a Reverse
Effect
His Managers Permit
Blunder?
HON.-fALDEN "ANDERSON OP SOLANO 'COUNTY, PRESIDENT OF; THE STATE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN
';. V;: .CL.UBS,'. CALLING TO:ORDER THE CONVENTION OF DELEGATES, IN THE GARDEN CITY. MORE THAN
/.-¦ £ THREE "THOUSAND REPRESENTATIVES, OF-CAWFORNIA CLUBS WERE , PRESENT.
1>RICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI-XO. 136.
SAN FRAJSTCISCO;* TUES^Y^^PRIL ;15, 1902.
ELOQUENCE OF LEADERS ENLIVENS THE DAY'S
SESSIONS AND AROUSES THE PARTISAN
ENTHUSIASM OF DELEGATES.CARTOONIST WARREN'S KODAK CATCH^ ACTION AND IN REPOSE.
, t CETY NEWS ':. IN BRIEF.
; .CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.— Tho
United ,' States yCl vll Service • Commission ; an
nounces -that. on May. 6 'an examination 'will
beheld In- San Francisco and; other places for
the ¦•- position ' of . copper- plate '¦¦ map . engraver.
Geological) Siirvey, , salary -%Z-', per diem; '; age
limit. 20 years or . over. : Persons who; desire to
compete .should .apply to * the 'United . States
Civil Service Commission. -Washington. D. C,
or . to i the . secretary, of t the local - board of i f ex
aminers,^postof flee, ¦ for- a copy of the 'manual
-of Examinations and 'applications,' form ¦. 1083A
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching;, Blind,' Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Olntnjent to 'refund
money where It falls to cure' any case of piles;
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases In fourteen days.
One application gives ease ! and rest.* Relieves
Itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
is the. only pile remedy sold on. positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay.. ;A free sample wlir be
sent by mall to any one sending -name and ad
dress. .Price, .00c- If your druggist don't. keep
It in stock send 60c in stamps and we will:for
ward full size ' box ¦ by mail. - ¦ Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., . St. Louis, Mo., • who
also -manufacture the<> celebrated *, cold', cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne '. Tablets. .-.-¦ r •¦ ; .
Condemns the Passion Play.
NEW YORK, April 14!— The presbytery
of New York at its semi-annual meeting
to ; night went on- record'; ns • commending
tho I efforts made to prevent' the produc
tion' of • the passion play n nd Nazareth' \n
this city and also emphatically "condemned
any effort to produce on the public stage
any scenes from Christ's life.
BXJNKOED OUT OF HIS
CASH BY TWO SHARPERS
C. A. Holmquist of San Diego a Vic-
Game.
tim of the Stud Poker
C. A. Holmquist, a recent arrivals from
San Diego, : reported ; to the police, last
night that he was bunkoed j out' of $155
last Sunday night .by 'means of the stud
poker game. . Holmquist' can give no
clew that; will lead to the identity of the
Vgrafters."
Holmquist is stopping at .the . Prescott
House,. Kearny street : and Montgomery
avenue, and Sunday night he was accost
ed by a well dressed young man who sug
gested that, they : engage in a little card
game. Holmqulst consented, and they pro
ceeded to a room, i wnere. they were
Joined by another man: Stud -poker was
the : game decided upon,' and i Holmqulst
was soon fleeced out of, $155.'
>Holmquist does not . know the •'••i street
where'. tho room was located, but says it
was', on one of the main thoroughfares
and ; adds '- he . could easily recognize the
place if he saw it.;- Detectives Reynolds
and Crockett r were < detailed on : the case,'
but so far no ' arrests have been made.'.
SAN JOSE, April It— When the conven
tion reconvened at 2:30 o'clock the cre-
dentlals committee reported that the cre
t'entSals of the delegates had been ex
amined ar.d found to be correct. The
recommendation that the delegates be
seated was unanimously adopted.
O. A. Hale of San Jose moved that a
committee of twenty on resolutions be
appointed, one at large and three from
o.ich Congressional District. "\
Colonel Stone cf San Francisco offered
;:n amendment which created a ripple of
opposition Jhat al! resolutions be referred
held In June, on the return of Bishop
Hamilton from the Bishops' meeting in
the East. - ; , . v
Bishop Hamilton, who may well be
termed the father of the new society, in
advocating the organization of the league
spoke in ¦ an entertaining, manner, to ' the
young men. He told them of the wonder
ful growth that California and the United
States is experiencing. He; quoted sta
tistics showing that hundreds of thou
sands of the people' of the. countries of
Southern Europe are coming to America.
He declared that these 1 , people are alien
to American customs and institutions,
and he advised tho young men of the
Methodist church to strive to : educate
these foreigners in the doctrines. of their
church. , • • ... •
Preliminary Work of the League
Convention Is Quickly
Disposed Of.
SETTLES DOWN
TO BUSINESS
OUUUUiiUCU.
Frank Schmitz. San Francisco. T. II. Sal
vage, Eureka; W. B. Lardner, Auburn; C. R.
Fontana, Calaveras; Presley T. Johnson, Sac
ramento: Robert Corlett, Napa; Reese Clark,
Woodland; Steve Flnnell, Vallejo; E. K. Tay
lor. Alaraeda; Clarence Crowell. Oakland; Leon
K. Jones, San Francisco; Dr. E. E. Stone, San
Francisco: A. T. Barrett, San Francisco; Lu
ciue E. Solomons. San Francisco; William Ab
bott. £8n Francisco; J. D. Minor. San Jose-
George Cosgrave. Fresno; F. G. Dunlap, Stock-
ton: R. K. Whetmore, Stanislaus; Charles
Derby, Los Angeles: F. M. Chapman, Covlna;
C. E. Washburn, Los Angeles; Robert Clark.
Ventura; Victor H. Woods, San Luis Obispo-
W. Lowell, Bakersfield.
A recess was taken until 2 o clock.
SAN JOSE, April 14.— The public session
of the league convention attracted a large
attendance at the Auditorium to-night.
The audience included many t ladles and
for nearly three hours the Republican
spell-binders exercised their sovereignty,
and the flow of oratory was Incessant.
As was the case at the afternoon ses
sion, the Republican Alliance marched
into the theater to the tune of "There'll
Bo a Hot Time in the Old. Town To
night," played by the band. The march
through- the streets to the Auditorium
was enlivened by the burning of countless
red, white and blue flre- torches and the
singing of popular songs. There was ; a
long wait at the theater for the chairman
of the evening,, and, pending -his 'arrival,
the crowd held a rag-time jollification
meeting/during which confetti was dis
tributed among all; comers with liberal
hands. : . . > ¦ • • ' - - ,
; It was after 8 o'clock when President
Anderson called the meeting to order.
After several selections sung by the
Arion Quartet, Duncan McKinlay of San
Francisco : was introduced as the "young
sliver tongued I orator.". ' Speaking of the
aims of Republican clubs, he said: -
Political clubs, took a new departure in 1S8S,
when the. first, of the latter * day educational
campaigns was carried on. We remember how
Grover. Cleveland. : in 1S87. Issued his famous
free trade proclamation, wherein he declared
for the policy of tariff for. revenue only, and
denounced protection as 'unconstitutional: and
fraudulent.. - .. . ..-..;
The application should be filed with the com
mission, with .specimens .'of the applicant's
¦work. : All i persons will ¦ be examined whose
papers are received at the commission in time
to ship papers to the places selected for ex
amination.
' POKER PLAYERS -IN ' COURT.— The 115
men who were arrested in the Cafe Royal Sat
urday night for visiting a gambling place ap
peared . before Judge Frita yesterday ¦ morning.
Attorney Ach will represent; the defendants
and at the request of his representative a con
tinuance, was granted until Thursday.
DEATH OF LONGSHOREMAN; THOMP
SON. — William Thompson, a longshoreman/
who was injured on April 10 In the hold of the
bark ¦; Andrew Welch by , being struck with a
eUxiK containing: fifteen grain : sacks, died" yes
terday morning In the Lane Hospital. An in
quest will be held. : " ¦ . .' :-.
FATHER SUES . FOR SUPPORT.— J. H."
Trefry, is the plaintiff- In,' a suitfor support
filed yesterday^ against ;Mre.H: Randall Mrs:
W.H.' Jordan and Mrs. L. Hopkins, : his chil
dren, •'¦¦ who, .-.; he claims, , refuse to • provide for
him, ' though amply able to do so. Trefry ¦ is
80 years of age, . and/,, he alleges, ¦ unable to
earn his own living. ' -. ; - - .
YEN SHEE AND , WHISKY. KILL . HER —
The city chemist reported • yesterday • to Coro
ner Leland that he - had found ; yen shee, or
smoking opium,, in; the stomach of Mrs. Mar
garet Edwards of 229 Howard street,: who died
on April lO.;- 1 The autopsy showed that death
had been caused by alcoholism, with symptoms
of opium ¦ poisoning.' , "
-¦ ""¦ TOO YOUNT3 TO BE A SOLDIER.— United
States -District: Judge de Haven yesterday re
leased ,Thomas ,A\ Poague from" the . army on
a writ of habeas corpus issued on the petition
of- PoagueV father, : a' citizen of Colorado
Young . Poague j, is only 20 ¦ years - of ; a£t and
enlisted in ; the United States Artillery; ,now
at ' the - Presidio, • without the consent - of his
parents. ¦¦¦':..: 1 ", v ¦ • ¦ - . * • . ¦'- ,
Enthusiastic Audience Hears the
Principles of Republicanism
Expounded.
Frank Short of Fresno was next Intro
duced.- His subject was "Our Untimely
Dead," and it was treated in a highly
thoughtful manner. Short opened his ad
dress with the statement that the great"
attribute -of the human race that has
most distinguished it in all times and In
all ages was respect for its ancestors and
hope for its posterity. Without this In
fluence prevailing In a controlling degree
nothing , good could long survive. The
But the most Important work of the Repub
lican League was accomplished: in 1896, wben,
despite the frantic efforts of the fusion of De
mocracy and every schism under the sun; de
spite the false lights kindled along the political
shore; -despite the ravings and howllngs of
demagogy and false prophecy, the Republi
can party swept like a mighty flood over the
North and .West and placed in the Presidential
chair one of the purest men, one of the sound
est statesmen, one of the most exalted patriots
that ever gave his labor and his life to lift up
and dignify his country.
In every campaign since 1888 club organiza
tion and intelligent educational club work have
been potent, agencies contributing to the suc
cess of the Republican party, and . the power
and glory of the American nation at home and
abroad. v.r -;•;, r '* ¦-^'¦•y.i ¦¦>:• ¦"--¦¦*'¦- ".-. v -- -,
In 1892 the Democrats were better educators
thari we. They taught the doctrine of cheap
ness and opposition to American enterprise
very effectually, but their very,, success and
their election of Cleveland, a Democratic House
of Representatives and a Democratic Senate
was. after all, the - best education on the issue
of protection versus low tariff the American
people ever had. As soon as the false doctrines
of Democracy on the issue were exploded by
actual experience, the reaction in favor of Re
publican principles set In, and aided by the
educational work of the Republican League, in
1894, the flow tide of right thinking on this
great issue carried into the House of . Repre
sentatives and the Senate of the United States
an overwhelming Republican- majority.
In order to insure success to the Republican
party in that momentous campaign the Ameri
can people had to be educated to a thorough
understanding of the issues involved. -Then be
gan the organization of the clubs, which after
ward became known as the Republican League
o! Clubs — In Indiana, New York and Illinois.
These were the pivotal States of the campaign
of 18S8. •»
Republicans will never forget how the match
less and idolized champion of - Americanism,
James' G. Blalne, picked up .Cleveland's gaunt
let of defiance and accepted the challenge of
Democracy to meet them on their chosen bat
tlefield. . ¦
to the committee on resolutions without
retding or de-ate.
Sylvester Shabin of San Francisco pro
tested against this course. He said there
were many delegates . present who de
sired to have resolutions read, and . he
hoped they would not be shut off in a
summary manner. He asked the conven
tion to defeat the amendment. •'¦ ¦
A viva voce vote being taken, the chair
declared the amendment carried. Shouts
of division were raised, and when the:
standing vote was taken" the" affirmative
was overwhelmingly in the majority.
In quick succession motions prevailed
for the appointment of a committee of
tvrenty-five on order of business, one. of
three to select a place for holding "the
next convention, and another of eight,
one from each Congressional District, to
draft resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the late President McKinley.
The chairman asked for_±ime in which
to make his selections, and this being
granted it was decided to pass the interim
in listening to brief addresses.
A member of the Army and Navy League
called for Colonel George A. Stone of
San Francisco, who responded briefly.
He referred to the aims and purposes of
the league, and said it was the duty of
Republicans to do all in their power for
the uplifting and maintenance of the
principles of the party.
Henry C. Dibble next addressed the con
vention. He said the gathering was an
expression by the Republicans of Cali
fornia of their approval of the national
administration. His ambition was to
fix upon the minds of his hearers the
great truth that the destinies of the na
tion were in the hands of the Republicans
of the nation.
Dibble spoke at length upon the admin
istrations of McKinley and Roosevelt,
every allusion to the latter being the sig
nal for cneers. In conclusion, he said:
The Republican party was the instrument of
God in bringing about the great achievements
of the past few years. It is the duty of the
people to assist In the perpetuation of the prin
ciples upon which the party is founded. •
Determined Effort Will Be Made to
Carey Van Fleet of tne University Club
was introduced as a representative of the
younger branch of the Repuoiican party
of California. He expressed satisfaction
at being allowed to gather with the old
guard, dwelt eloquently upon the pur
poses of the party ana voiced the predic
tion that they would survive the eros
ions of time and the bitterness of oppos
ing partisanship. He quoted the famous
expression of Louis XV, "After us, the
deluge." After the victories of the Re
publican party whclh the future assured,
he said, the deluge may come; but its
coming would long be -delayed, -and, the
speaker said, the Republican party would
see to it th&t Its effects would not seri
ously be felt.
William A. Knlghten. of Los Angeles
was ' introduced as the Vpreacher-politi
cian." He said he did not know who
dubbed him a preacher politician, but he
consoled himself with the reflection that
he was an American citizen. He praised
California as being the greatest State—
unless perhaps the state of matrimony
might be so considered. He spoke of the
METHODIST YOTJNG - MEN
TO LABOR . FOR CHURCH
Raise Money for a New
Building.
One of the most representative gather-
Ings of the young men of the Methodist
denomination ever called together in this
city was held last night in. Simpson Me
morial Church.. The purpose of the meet-
Ing was to devise ways and means by
which the Methodist church might be ex
tended in this city. At the suggestion oC
Bishop Hamilton it was determined, amid
considerable . enthusiasm, that the | young
men should form themselves into a so
ciety, to be known as the Men's Metho
dist League. Through this league, Bishop
Hamilton stated, he hoped to induce
the young Methodist men to take more
interest in the advancement of their re
ligion, and also to produce a more broth
erly spirit among the men themselves.
The objects of the league were set forth
in detail in a set of resolutions read by
the Rev. A. C. Bane., In these resolutions
It was declared that the church should
enter upon a . new period of growth and
that money should be raised with .which
to purchase suitable church sites in parts
of the city best adapted to the introduc
tion of the. Methodist doctrines. - It was
decided to raise this money by increasing
the assessment of the various churches,
and the decision .as to the amount that
each church .. should '. be asked : to con
tribute was left in the hands of the City
Church Extension Society. The, new
league will not, however, be devoted
¦wholly to the construction of new houses
of worship, but it will also have a socia.
flavor. A meeting will be held once each
month, and it is Intended that the first
regular meeting of the league will be
The arrival" of the' Primary: League,
headed by a brass band, interrupted Judge
McDonald of ' San Diego, who had Just
been introduced. . Hfe said the Republican
party was . an active •' force, .while the
Democratic party was an inert quantity.
The first meant progress and prosperity;
the second, merely' adversity. The prom
ises of the future were of the brightest
hue. The speaker felt that California was
safe under the Republican banner, and he
closed after a I scathing arraignment of
Democratic policy. p.n/i principles, with an
unqualified indorsement • of the adminis
tration's-: course concerning Cuba and -the
Philippines. • .; v >- : ¦ : >
Senator Charles 'M. Shortridge next took
the floor and said it was time to "play
ball." He addressed the convention as
"fellow statesmen," and was glad to ex
tend to the visitors a hearty welcome to
San Jose.
At the close of the Senator's address
there were yells for Ruef. He was re
ceived with cheers on taking the platform.
He said, in part:
! We did not come here to talk, but to listen
We came here because we are Republicans and
because -we believe in the principles of our
great party. This gathering shows that we are
united, and the interest that Is displayed
proves that your fealty to the greatest party
in the history of the nation has ¦ not dimin
ished.. .;.
I am proud to be identified with such a party.
The Republican party, is the foundation for
the. prosperity which the nation enjoys. ' Let
us go forth Into this campaign and let us,
with the assured certainty of victory, stand
hand In hand and shoulder to shoulder for the
common good of the greatest party known to
history. .
• This closed the speechmaking for the
afternoon. Chairman Anderson announced
the following committees:
Platform and resolutions— O. A. Hale, chair
man. . " . . . -
First District— J. C. Bull Jr., Humboldt; J.
P/- Tyrrell, Grass Valley; L. L. Chamberlain,
Placervllle. - \ . -
> Second District— A. G. Meyers, Fort Jones;
Grove L. Johnson, I Sacramento; E. F. Wood
ward, Santa Rosa. ¦
. Third District— C.~B. Butler, Vallejo; Charles
H.' Spear. Berkeley; G. R. Lukens, Oakland.
Fourth District — Thomas D. Riordan/ W. S,
Wood, Henry 'C. Dibble, 'San Francisco. £<
Fifth District— E. A. - Hayes, Eden Valley;
W. J;-' Gullfoyle,' San Francisco; Thomas J.
Klrkpatrick. , San Francisco.
Sixth District — Warren R. Porter, , Watson
vllle; Owen A. Henderson, • Stockton ; Arthur R.
Briggs, Freisno. j. ¦ '¦ $
Seventh District— C. W. ;Pendletdn, J. J.
Gosper, W. S. Mellck, Los Angeles.. -'" ¦ ¦•.'
.Eighth District— Scipio Craig,' Redlands; C.
W. Merritt. Santa Barbara; . J. W. King,
Santa Ana. .
Memorial committee — George C. Pardee,
chairman,- Oakland; George A. Knight, San
Francisco; E. B. Edson, Gazelle; E. F. Pres
ton, San Francisco; Thomas Flint, San Juan;
W. I* Crooks, Benlcla; T. G. Daniels, Alameda;
D. H. Bryant, San Jose; Allen. B. Lemon,
Santa Rosa. - .¦'-',
'. .Committee on meeting place— A. B. : Truman,
chairman; T. J. Kirk, Fresno; Charles Short
ridge. San Jose; M. Stewart, Rio Vista; Boyd
Parker, Vacaville; J. R.. Knowland, Alameda;
W. H. Govan, Sacramento; C. L Tilden, Ala
meda; Charles ¦ MacMartln, Cordelia;: J, ¦ ~ R.
Nourse, San Francisco; C. T.- Jones, Sacra
mento;' Frank Mattlson, Santa Cruz; Dudley
'. -'¦ : ':¦*. '.;''.'¦: •¦'••¦• ¦•'¦:"::
Sebrec, Santa 1 Cruz;* J. M. > Walthail,- Modesto;
E. L. .- Webber, Napa; Robert Berland, Mar
tinez; Grant Chadbourne. Sulsun;W. H. La
Boree, ' Weavervllle; E. F. ¦ Treadwell, San
Francisco; J. P. Greeley. • Santa Ana;' H. W.
McGee,- Pasadeha; F. - W. Leavltt, Oakland;
A. P, Van Duzer, San Francisco'; W. ; P. Butch
er, Santa Barbara; John L. McNab, Uklah.
Committee on order of business — H. I G. W.
Dinkeispiel. ' Ban Francisco, chairman; C. A.
Swlsler, ¦ Kl Dorado; H. A. Bauer, San Fran
cisco:; John,' F. Davis. Amador; Richard Webb,
Amador; W.. 8. Staloy, Kenwood; P. S. Driver,
Sacramento; W.-. S. >Vall, Woodland:" R. D.
Robbins, Suieun; G. F. Weeks,. Alameda; R. S.
Pierce, Berkeley; D. A. Ryan, Frank W,' Mar
ston. Oscar Tolle, G.W. Lewis, San Francisco;
R. H. Herring, Los Angeles; A. G. Fisk, San
Francisco; H. W. Brown, San Mateo; Walter
A. Clark, Mountain View; A. P. Griffith.
A2usa; Charles T. Elliott, Stanislaus; O. A.
Doherty, Monterey; Luther G. Brown, R. Q.
Wlckham.-F.-K. Rude, Los Angeles; B. A.
Osborn, Santa Cruz.
After the customary, announcements as
to the time and places at which the vari
ous committees were to meet the conven
tion took a repess till 7:30 o'clock.
ORATORS HOLD
FORTH AT EVE
When the display of . enthusiasm died
away Judson Brusie delivered a brief.ad
dress, in which he referred to the con
vention as a "love feast" Republican
ism, he said, meant the salvation of the
country and the ennobling of the people.
He had a few good things to say, but he
did not desire to waste them on the pres
ent gathering. .
"I'll wait until I get a bunch of Demo
crats before me," he f concluded, • amid
laughter. "To Republicans as true as you
are, I have little to say. Your minds may
be made up, but when you leave here go
away with the resolve to work- and win
and you will be successful.": :
A number of letters and telegrams .were
read by the secretary. These included
encouraging sentiments from Senator Per
kins, the California Representatives in
Congress and Governor Gage. The latter
expressed his . regret at being unable to
attend the convention, and his allusion
therein to his own candidacy for renomi
nation was made the pretext for another
abortive attempt at enthusiasm. Scarcely
had the sound died away when some one
started the inevitable refrain.
Hale, Hale, the nominee.
What the Hale do we care? . '
We'll Hafle the nominee. ' . •
Johnson alluded to the "gauge of battle"
and the Gage partisans in the convention
sought to stampede the body by a display
of enthusiasm which was painfully forced.
The southern delegates yelled lustily, but
the main body remained quiet, with eyes
lifted to the ceiling. When the attempt
to press the Governor upon the convention
failed, several of the Alliance men began
to sing a lively refrain in the interest of
O. A. Hale. This was repeated several
times during the oratory of the afternoon.
Judge Buckles of Solano addressed the
convention. He spoke of the intrepidity
of the Union cause, which broke the back
bona of the rebellion, and said that the
cheering heard in the convention was an
indication that the Republican I party
would break the backbone of Democracy,
the coming, fall. Unlike the -previous
speaker. Buckles did care a great deal as
to the personnel of the candidates to be
chosen. He was desirous that the very
best men of the party should be selected.
If the present purity of the party were
maintained, he said, there was no doubt
of the result at the coming election. .-¦.-, .<
When I saw these ¦ factions gathering .to-day
I realized that the party was unified, and that
victory was ours In November. Speaking, for
myself; I don't care who the nominees of the
party may be, because I know that they are
sure to be elected. (Cheers.) I feel that this
meeting presages a united party and that We
are sure -to win. We will again Inscribe the
word victory upon our party . banner, and the
news will reverberate throughout . the Union
that California stands for Republicanism and
progress.
early history of California and said it
was the Repbulican party that saved the
State for the Union. The doctrine of Re
publicanism stood for the uplifting of
mankind, the integrity of the people and
the welfare of the nation. So long' as
the Republican party was in power, so
long were the destinies of the Union safe.
Grove L. Johnson of 'Sacramento was
next introduced. He was warmly re
ceived, and spoke in part as follows:
President Anderson Appeals for Unity in Responding to the Welcome
on Behalf of the^i^
by our insistence and induced by our example
to subordinate every discordant purpose to the
general good e.r\i the glorious triumph of the
Republican party of California-
Entertaining these thoughts and these senti
ments, I again tender to this assemblage of
delegates and representative Republicans th^
hospitality and greeting of good cheer on behalf
of Santa Clara County and San Jose, its Gar
den City.
RESPONSE OF ANDERSON.
When Patton had concluded his address
three cheers were given for San Jose.
President Anderson delivered the re
sponse in behalf of the league. He said:
On behalf of the officers and delegates of the
State League of Republican Clubs 1 thank you
for the cordial welcome which you extend On
behalf of the Mayor and the people of San
Jose. The reputation for hospitality of the
people of the 'Garden City," 1 have no doubt,
has much to do with the splendid attendance
at this convention.
I listened with attention to your remarks in
regard to Ban Jose and its environments, and.
while approving them in detail, 1 believe the
delegates wili exclaim, as did the Queen of
t?h«-ba of old, "The half has not been told."
I indorse all that you have said of the league
and its objects, and in this connection it is not
out of place at this time for me to say a few
words In regard to the league and the character
of th« gathering here assembled.
The National League of Republican Clubs of
the United States was organized in New York
City in 18S7. with Senator William M. Evarts
as president.
The national league was first represented in
this State in the campaign of 18S8 by the Re
publican State Club of San Francisco, with
headquarters in San Francisco, with that stal
wart leader. General \V. H. L.. Barnes, as
president. (Cheers.) In the campaign of 1892
the State club did effective work, with Hon. W.
H. Chamberlin as president. Since that time
the work of the league, with the names of the
officers, is more generally familiar to those
now interested in club work and political mat
ters.
The League of Republican Clubs was organ
ized to work for the success of the Republican
party at the polls. Its constitution forbids,
end rightly so, the indorsing of any candidate
lor office prior to their r.ominataion in a reg
ular way by the representatives of their party.
(Cheers.)
It concerns principles rather than people, and
one of its highest aims is to obliterate faction
alism from within our party ranks. This is as
it ehould be and just as long as. the league is
run upon that principle will ft prosper and be
a valuable adjunct to the general success of
the whole party. - ••"-:•¦-,
STRENGTH IN ORGANIZATION.
These delegates assembled here, by their
presence and by their characters, tell to you
and to the people of San Joee, in stronger
terms than I can express by words, the fact
that they are intelligent, thoughtful, repre
sentative men who value highly the blessings
and the opportunities of our country and our
lorm of government. (Cheers.)
They stand more essentially than any other
political organization for disinterested citizen
ship as distinguished from the active politician,
and their best wishes and most earnest desires
are all for good laws and for good government
honestly and ably administered.
They are Republicans because they believe
that this country can best and most truly
thrive and prosper in the future, as it has
progressed in the past, under the principles
and through the policies of the Republican
party; and that those policies and principles
should be administered and executed by Re
publican representatives. (Applause.) .
The ability of Republican clubs to do good
work for the Republican party is powerful
through its potent agencies of organization and
education. Organization is always the prime
factor of continued success in any line of en
deavor, and the organization into clubs of those
professing Republican doctrines will always be
a tower of strength to the party. (Applause.)
In the impending future there will be much
work for it to do, for new issues and new
problems confront us which will need the
thoughtful and earnest consideration of our na
tion's best and most enlightened men.
Thus you can Bee that we come to you with
good intentions as citizens. We come with
high ideals as partisans, and withal we come
upon a peaceful and laudable mission and we
leel, or know rather, that we are among
friends.
Again. I thank you on behalf of the league
for your cordial welcome, and in conclusion
only beg leave to express the hope that our
coming will not be without some Email portion
of reciprocated pleasure to the people of San
Joee. (Cheers.) ,\
ROLLCALL OF DELEGATES.
Secretary Albert Lindley read the offi
cial call for the convention and the busi
ness session was thus formally opened.
The roll call of delegations was proceeded
with, the chairman of each county and
district delegation answering to the call.
This consumed considerable time, but its
passing was without interest. Many of
the delegations answered in mighty cho
ruses. The number of clubs was 158, witt
a membership of 3162 delegates and a to
tal League membership of 66,975. A recesfc
was then taken for five minutes to enable
the president to select a committee on
credentials, and after the expiration of
that period the following committee was
San Jose's Welcome
to Delegates Is
Hearty.
EXTENDS
FREEDOM
OF CITY
CONVENTION IS RESOLVED INTO A LOVE FEAST AT NIGHT
AND THE VOICE OF THE PARTY ORACLE STIRS ENTHUSIASM
TRIBUTE
1 U UEAU
LEADER
Frank H. Short of
Fresno Eulogizes
McKinley.
But the party will not fall to arise to the
full measure of its opportunities. It will falter
here and there on its onward course; its confi
dence will be betrayed sometimes by selfish
men; in Its efforts to promote our own wet
fare It may seem to lack sympathy with the
struggling sons of liberty In other lands; but
it will recant Its errors in time and continue
to build securely upon the old foundations that
have challenged the admiration of the best
men of the age. The party will continue to
recognize its obligations, by wise legislation
and through the Instrumentality of honest and
competent officials, to advance more and more
the highest Interests not only of our own peo
ple but Of the whole civilized world. May the
young men "Just fresh frorn the Creator's
hands and with the unspent energies of . the
coming eternity, wrapped in their bosom" con
template the mighty gifts with which they have
been endowed and resolve that they will de
vote themselves as far as possible to the wel
fare of the State and of the nation, and may
they remember, as Robert C. Winthrop said,
"that self-government politically can only b«
successful if It be accompanied by self-govern
ment personally; that there must be govern
ment somewhere, and that if the people are
Indeed to be sovereigns they must exercise
their sovereignty over themselves individually
as well as over themselves in the aggregate,
regulating their own lives, resisting their own
temptations, subduing their own passions and
voluntarily imposing .upon themselves soma
measure of that restraint and discipline which.
under other systems is supplied from the ar
mories of arbitrary power; the discipline of
virtue in the place of the discipline of slavery."
At the close of the address Chairman
Anderson announced that Samuel M.
Shortridge, who was to have addressed
the meeting:, had been unexpectedly called
from the theater, but that he would de
liver a speech at the opening of the con
vention to-morrow morning. The meet-
Ing then adjourned until 10 o'clock; to
morrow morning.
The time Is coming when conventions will be
controlled, platforms will be formulated, tho
offices will be filled and the functions ¦ of gov
ernment win be executed by men seeking not
their own. but the glory of the republic. To
the practiced politician who- is In politics for
the loaves and fishes this may seem a Utopian
dream, but the world Is- movtns on v> fc>sh*r
and better things.
Disclaiming any desire to provoke lnviduous
compaiisons. I may say that the last half
century of the world's . progress has failed to
produce, more noble examples of sterling Inde
pendence, of dauntless courage, of lofty pa
triotism, and Intelligent and constant devotion
to the well-being of society than those fur
nished by the virile, and ambitious young men
who have made our party what it is— the ad
miration of the world and a potent agency of
civilization and the stronghold of justice and
law. Ths young men of our party have not
quatled In the presence of danger; they have
accepted reverses with complacency; they have
shown moderation In the hour of success. In
every emergency they have obeyed the call of
duty and have stamped upon the enduring;
monuments of the age their own heroic, in
trepid and patriotic characters.
Albert G. Burnett of Santa Rosa fol
lowed with a stirring: speech on the sub
ject "Young Men in Politics." He called
attention to the necessity' of young men
engaging in politics as a sacred duty. ! It
was because of the apathy of the young
men that corruption too often prevailed
in .the city, State and national politics.
Referring to Republican young men the
speaker resumed:
This understood and considered, we are no*
upen trial for the Republican party; not for this
nation or the union of States; not for a genera
tion or even a race; but we are upon trial for
human liberty, equality, self-government for
mankind and for all time. Let us hope that It
shall be God's will and way that those wa
mourn to-day as our untimely dead, with others
whose worth and. service have adorned the his
tory of our party to such a degree that they
have passed beyond and above us and belonz
to our country and to mankind, shall from ths
battlements above long continue to look down
upon the nation and the people that they served
and loved so well, and may they ever see their
countrymen free, equal and untrammeled. and
this nation moving on its destined and de
signed course — that, seeing, they may know
that they lived not, labored not, neither died,
in vain.
Never again In this history of the world can
there be spread out before any people such an
imperial dominion as has been subjugated by
our race. No. other rac« can ever excel in
worth or virtue those ancestors of our». wno
possessed the courage to liberate themselves
from others and a rectitude equal to the tasic
of self-subjugation and an energy that has
turned & wilderness of wastes and woods into
a wilderness of cities and of homes; a race that
wrested the scepter from tyrants and the ugnt
nlng from the clouds; a raca that gave free
dom to mankind and as a recompense harnessed
and enslaved the elements to Infinitely greater
toll and usefulness. If such a people upon suctt
a dominion could not found a government of the
people and for the people and by the peopl*
that could long endure, by what stretch of the
imagination or dream of philosophy shall- man
kind ever again be Induced to strive or hope?
speaker referred to the assassination of
rulers and deplored the fact that little
good toward the prevention of sucn
crimes could be accomplished by the di
rect operation of law. Then, speaking of
Lincoln. Garfleld and McKinley. th«
speaker said they were of that type of
men that, even from the point of view or
the assassin, did not Justify assassination.
Each rose from the ranks of the'common
people to the highest place .within, the
gift of his countrymen. The qualification^
of the great martyrs were next discussed
in eloquent strain, and In conclusion
Short said:
THE SA1S; FRANCISCO iCALL, ; Tl^lSDAY, APRIL v 15, : :iyoa;
2
To . Cure ; a ; Cold . in One Day
Take - Laxative' > Bromo-Qulnlne" .Tablets. . All
druggists refund , the money If It falls to cure
K.W. Grove's signature Is on each. box, 25c.
Catarrh Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAS'S
negular graduate and expert on BAH, NOSE
THHOAT and LUNG DISEASES.
2C4.Sutier Urset, NW. lo/.^f Keamy
Hour*-. 9-12 a. m.: 1-3 ana 7-8 p. m. .
rnrr AN HONEST TRIAI, OF ONE
rnrr WEEK given to show the su-
* *****' i>erior merit of tho treatment.
2000 test cescs. 93 por cent cured. Call at
once or write for free treatment.
I foi\\iii\e P&n&b\&
I Our New York buyer made a special purchase of
genuine Panama straw hats and shipped them to us
by express. They arrived yesterday. We place them
on sale- to-day at $6. Our fortunate purchase enables
us to sell the hats at this price, but their value .when
sold regularly is fully $10. The hats were made in As-
pinwall' on the Isthmus of Panama. The - leather and v
trimmings ! were put on in New York, so you see the
hats are real Panamas, They are made in the Pantour-
ist style as here pictured. . As long as they last we will
. sell them for
L^<6.QQ.
. Out-of-town^ orders ii/ied—^writa us.
718 Market Street" OWNED MUCH REALTY. — The estate of the
late David : It. I Farnsworth ' has been | appraised
at $79,640. ; It consists entirely of real estate
located near ' Golden Gate Park. .
- GLiENWOOD. 1 '- Iowa. . April • 14: — Earl Garman
shot and probably fatally wounded his father,
M. t>: Garman, 1 - last night " during 1 ' a quarrel
over financial ¦ affairs. The elder Garman was
owner. of the Glenwood Mills. . ,
L'AKEPORT, April 14.— The following
municipal f officers % were J elected! to-day:
Trustees,' Joseph Levy and M.'R. Smith;
Marshal, ¦ R. J.' Hammock; _ Treasurer,
Frank Howe." S ..- . ,
Outcome at Lakeport.
BFOCKWAT SEEKS , DAMAGES.— Charles
B. Brockway, who, with Mr. and Mrs. A.' \V.
A. "Stone was made defendant>ln an action to
recover $3000 worth of jewelry; alleged to have
bee-v stolen from Mrs. L.. J. , Harris, com
menced an ¦ action for $20,000 damages against
L M.Klttrelle. plaintiff In the suit, yesterday.-
He alleges that Kittrelle brought the suit with
malicious Intent. - The ¦ suit against Brockway
was dismissed on motion of Kittrelle by Judge
Hebbard last Saturday. .-; ... . -7 ; - ; ,
PORTLAND-^Sailed April 14— Stmr Charles
Nelson, for San Francisco. . - _ •-.
ASTORIA — Arrived April 14 — Stmr Chico.
from San Francisco. / ;
Sailed April 14— Stmr . Vosburg, for, Tilla
niook. .
SEATTLE — Arrived April 14 — Stmr Meteor,
from San Francisco: stmr Cottage City, from
Sitka; Br ship Fingall, from Port Los An-
Sailed April 14 — Stmr Humboldt. ' for Skag- '
TACOMA— Arrived April 14— Stmr Selkirk,^
from Vancouver. . - •. .
Sailed April 14 — Stmr Aztec, for San Fran
cisco.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦WILLOWS,' April 14.— At the town elec
tion '-'held r to-day the following were
chosen: : C. vW. . Wickes, . Treasurer;
Thomas Kinkade,' Marchal; O.--C' John
son. Clerk; .F. X. Tremblay. and: J. Raln
ville;.Trustees. 'C " _¦"¦
WillowsV Lucky Candidates.
MUSICIANS INCORPORATE:. — The Califor
nia Choral Association, an organization formed
for the purpose of training choruses and culti
vating the art of music In its highest forms,
was incorporated yesterday.- The directors are
G H. Hooke, W. R. Knelss, W. A. , Knowles,
L A. Larsen, J. E. Gordon, A» P. Black, W. C.
Stadtfeld, H. B. Maggs and W. A. Dunlaa.
Rev. C S. Nash of the Pacific .Theo
logical Seminary read an interesting pa-"
per on "Council vs. Association" at the
weekly meeting of the Congregational
ministers yesterday, morning. Rev." T. > M.
Boyd addressed the* Presbyterian minis
ters i on "The Advantages of r Topical
Preaching." Bishop Hamilton told : the
Methouist preachers that the debt on the
Stockton church had | been removed, and
also discussed : matters of interest to the
preachers present.
Ministerial Meetings.
: PASO ROBLES, April 14.— Th© munici
pal election to-day resulted in the election
of W. O. I Dresser and A. Brendlin, • Trus
tees; '• I* ' E. 'Williams, Clerk; B. B. Pierce,
Marshal, rand ,E. M. Bennett, Treasurer.
Two hundred . and seventy .votes were
polled.. ¦ " ; ' _
Paso Robles'New Officers.
SONORA, April 14.— C. H. Burden, "Jules
Michel and . F. W. , Street : were to-day
elected City Trustees; Charles E. Street,
Clerk :-W. Hi Dennis, Marshal, and James
McCormick (re-elected),- Treasurer.
Son or a Re-elects; McConnick.
The alumni of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons met last night in the audi
torium at the college building on Four
teenth street, near Mission. The meeting
was' largely attended by graduates and
students. An interesting programme was
arranged. Dr. Redmond Payne spoke on
the diseases of the eye. Dr. d'Arcy Power
spoke on the college museum. Both lec
tures were Illustrated with stereopticon
views. A talk on the "Development of
the Maxillae" was given by Walter F.
Lewis. Tho annual meeting of the State
Medical Society will be held at the col
lege to-day. ¦'
College Alumni Sleets.
Dr. Hendrick I*. N. Muller, diplomatic
representative of the Orange Free State,
arrived in this city a few days ago and
is a guest of the University Club. Dr.
Muller's mission to this country is to en
list^the sympathy of the American people
in behalf of the Boers. He says they are
without the necessary: medical equipments
of modern warfare, and he hopes, by his
speeches and entreaties to secure a. Red
Cross ambulance - corps to properly \ pro
vide for the wounded. He will deliver sev
eral addresses in the near future.
Boer Envoy Here. ,
BOULDER „ CREEK, April 14.— In
Boulden 1 Creek's first regular municipal
election to-day the following were chosen:
Trustees— I.i T. Bloom. W. H. Dool, J. H.
Fuller; S. Hubbs and ' O. McAbee; Mar
shal, A. Li. Seidlinger; Treasurer, J. if.
Armistead; Clerk, D. H. Trout. ;
, Boulder Creek's Balloting.
'REDWOOD CITY, April 14.— The muni
cipal election , to-day passed off Quietly,
there being practically no contest except
for the' offices of Marshal and Treasurer.
The following were elected: Trustees (long
term), William H. Havey and Charles E.
Llttlejohn: " Trustee (unexpired term),
Henry E. Mourot; Clerk, Daniel R. Staf
ford; Treasurer, Frank K. Towne; Mar
shal, John Christ.. v:
No Excitement in Redwood City.
Will Give Recital.
Fannie Bloomfleld Zelsler,'- the pianist,
will give her first recital -to-night, at Met
ropolitan Hall, when the following pro
gramme will be presented:
prelude and Fuge, No. 2, C minor (Bach),
from Well- tempered Clavichord, Book No.. 1;
Senate, Op. Ill (Beethoven), maestose — allegro
con brio, et appassionata arietta (con varia
zioni); Mcnuetto. third movement from Fan
teEie. Op. 78 (Schubert); Marche Mllitaire
(Schubert-Tausig); Nocturne, Op. 37, No. 2
<Chopin); Etude, Op. 25, No. 9 (Chopin); Valse,
Op. 64, No. 2 (Chopin): Polonaise. CJp. 53
(Chopin): Deux Arabesques,. Op. 45 (dedicated
to Mrs. Zelsler), en forme d'Etude a la Taran
telle (Leschetlsky) ; Andante Finale from
"Lucia" (Donizetti), transcribed for the left
hand alone by Leschetisky, Op. 13; Gondollera,
Op. 41 (Moszkowski) ; Impatience, No. 1 from
Spring, Op. 57 (MoFZkowskl) ; Valse,; "Man
Lebt nur Einmal". (Strauss-Tauslg).
financial question is almost self-confessed. It
was ostentatiously proclaimed that the gold
standard had been unalterably and successfully
adopted by the McKtnley administration and
now we are told that new and additional legis
lation is imperatively required for that pur
pose and in order to preserve the honor and
credit of the country. - \ :
There are numerous Indications o\ a. revival
of popular confidence in Democratic policies.
State and national. A change of measure* and
of men seems to be Imperatively demanded by
the best Interests of our state and country. .",
Our opponents have only succeeded in re
cent years by unfortunate divisions among our
selves. Let our faces now be toward the com
mon enemy.
It is a time for unity, for organization, for
wise counsels and for aggressive action.
Hill's speech was interrupted by fre
quent bursts of applause. At its conclu
sion Congressman James M. Griges of
Georgia, chairman of the Congressional
committee, spoke, advocating unity and
predicting success for the party if inter
nal differences were forgotten.
Joseph Wheeler. Edward F. Shepard.
Congressman Ball of Texas and Bird S.
Coler also made harmony speeches.
KEAV YORK. April 14.— The members of
¦the Democratic Club to-night commemo
rated the birthday of Thomas Jefferson
with a reception at the clubhouse. It was
locked upon among the Democrats of the
city and State as a harmony meeting.
David B. Hill, who had not visited the
club for a number of years, was the chief
orator of the evening aSS in his speech
he called upon Democrats to unite In har
mony. Perry Belmcnt, whose differences
with Bryan end Croker have kept him
away from the dub for three years, was
also there.
Lewis Nixon, the new leader of Tam
many Hall, introduced Hill, who said in
part: *
It ie not for the true interest of any com
munity that & few men should be employers
and that the treat body should be employes
or servants. In a. free republic like ours an
equality of fortunes among our citizens is be
lieved to be desirable, and industrial liberty
te.ids toward that result and hence is ecsen
tial.
It is perhaps difficult to predict how Jeffer
son if tie were alive to-day would meet the
difficulties which we encounter. We venture
to suggest that he would insist upon some
reasonable limitation upon the amount of cor
porate capital which might be Invested In a
Oingle corj>oration.
Jefferson's teachings might suggest a limi
tation upon the amount of dividends which
could be lawfully declared or upon the profits
which could b* legally accumulated by these
tremendous business organizations. ¦ Or he
might demand that the Government in Justice
to it* overburdened taxpayers should withdraw
Us tariff favors from the "infant Industries"
represented by these institutions whose pro
jectors are already rolling in wealth and are
•lEtorishlng the world by the v munificence of
their private benefactions.
We may well believe that Jefferson, who was
equal to every emergency In the early history
of our country, would, if he were in power,
find come appropriate and adequate remedy to
curb tiie rapacity and restrict the dangerous
power of these gigantic combinations.
On Colonial Extension.
On the subject of colonial extension
Hill said: . j 0
It i» safe to believe that Jeffeson would
never have favored an expansion of our Juris
diction which did not carry with it the pro
vlEions of our constitution, to which he was
so devotedly attached and which he defended
so vigorously with his voice and pen. He
would unquestionably have viewed with abhor
rence the establishment of a permanent Ameri
can colonial system, whether continued under
military rule or under civil authority ap
pointed by the central eovernment at Wash
ington. His theory was unquestionably the
I>emocratlc doctrine of to-«iay — that .tills Gov
ernment hts no more authority to create a per
manent colonial system than it has the right
to create a Kins.
Jefferson, as the friend of popular rights,
favored a provision In the Federal constitution
for the election of United States Senators by
the people of the respective States, but tem
porarily yielded his views rather than imperil
the adoption of that Instrument.
Why rtiould we divide over the questionable
utterances of modem party Dlatft>rms, largely
designed to meet temporary emergencies which
«oon pa£R away, when we are all united upon
the rockbottom and fundamental doctrine of
our faith — 1::tznde6 to last as long as our
Government itself shall endure?
Why should there be factional quarrels over
details when we are all united upon essentials?
It is the part of wisdom for the Democracy
to push to the front the irsues upon which
there is substantial unanimity and ignore
those in regard to which there are such serious
anfi lionest difference* of opinion aa must be
fatal to r>racticaJ euccess.
The administration of President Roosevelt
if all at sea. It has no fixed policies or fixed
conventions. It "wobbles" upon every public
question which It assumes to deal. The me»>-
Fages and public addresses of the President
are merely elaborate treatises upon elementary
questions of groveniment. containing nothing:
new and deflnitP. He has no policy In oppo
sition to that of Congress and is prepared to
approve whatever ConareES does.
Distrusts the Republicans.
We have learned to distrust the utterances
of Republican Presidents upon tariff questions,
because they are evidently not their own mas
ters. »but are larcely controlled by the great
tariff interests which usually dictate the Re
publican tariff legislation of this country.
If any relief whatever to Cuba shall be se
cured from the present administration it will
be due to the decided stand taken by " the
Democrats in Congress insisting that justice
should be done.
The policy of the administration in the Phll
irpine Islands i» a disgrace to civilization.
The attempt with regard to these possessions to
imitate the foreign policy of - England has
proved a dismal failure.
The administration will send its rpecial np
ref=entatl\'e* to witness the coronation of a
KiriK. but It has no words of sympathy to ex
press' for the brave farmers of South Africa
who are heroically Etrurgllng to maintain their
republics.
Republican lncompetency to deal with the
Your Own Good Taste
Is what makes yourj-oom pleasant to live
in. We can give you pretty mattings in
any tint you want. They cost very little
but when you have mounted on them
half-tones, or any pretty . pictures you
chance to see, you will have an enviable
collection. Call and see what we have in
mattings, pictures and frames. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
KERN CITY, "April 1 14.— The election
went 'off T smoothly to-day, the principal
fight being for Marshal, for which four
candidates were j running. There were
seven candidates in the race for Trustee,
three being elected. J. F. Dugan for
Treasurer and A.' J. Woody for Clerk had
no opposition. The following is the re
sult: Marshal, H. Farris; Treasurer, J.
F. Dugan; Clerk, A. J. Woody; Trustees,
James Curran, D. W. Tolar and C. V.
Morrison. ' " •;¦¦'. -
Farris Kern City's Marshal.
W. F. Taylor of 1601% Geary street and
Frank J. Silvey of 913 Hyde street called
at the Morgue last night and informed
the -Goroner. that -Louise Vetter, aged' 5
years, who died on Sunday, night at her
father's residence, 1544 Page street, had
been poisoned. The death certificate,
signed by Dr. Wilson, shows the child
succumbed to catarrh of the stomach, a
disease from which she suffered from in
fancy. Mr. Vetter said last night that
Taylor and Silvey, relatives of his dead
wife, were prompted to make the accus
ing statements by jealousy, as ill feeling
has existed between tlrem. for many years.
No attention was paid: to the charges by
the Morgue officials, as the statement of
many reputable- people showed them to
be without foundation. ,
Make Charges of Foul Play.
According to the San Jose report. Gage
has lost hope of getting the renomination
from his .party and is now bending his
efforts toward securing the toga that will
be cast'off by Senator Perkins: that the
Governor and his astute advisers have
concluded that the better course would be
to keep up the pretense of . making a
strong fight for the nomination and then
gracefully retire at the eleventh hour in
favor of Flint.
There seems ; to be some foundation for
the rumor, despite the fact that Senator
Flint pooh-poohs it. There is no mistaking
the fact that Governor Gage is at the Pal
ace, and there Is no mistaking the further
fact that Senator Flint journeyed all the
way to the Palace to hold converse with
the chief executive of the State.
THERE Is a well-defined rumor
here and in San Jose that Gov
ernor Gage has giveir* up all
hope of obtaining a renomina
tion at the hands of his party,
and is now setting [his cap for
Senatorial honors. Rumor fur
ther has it that Gage will retire In favor
of Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan.
. The San Francisco Teachers' Club held
its regular monthly meeting last night in
its hall iri the Supreme Court building at
McAllister and Larkin streets. A .very
enjoyable" programme was rendered.
There was music by the Denman Choral,
under the direction of A. L. Mann. Fred
erick W. Koch, formerly of the United
States Biological Survey, but now of the
Lowell High School, delivered an address
entitled "Three Hundred Miles Through
a California Desert." All' enjoyed: a very
pleasant evening. The directors were:
C. C. Young, president; Mrs. M. '.L.
O'Neal, vice president, and Mrs. M. M.
Fitzgerald, secretary. - .' ..
Teachers' Club Meets.
¦ Senator Flint was questioned about this
report last evening and dismissed the ..en
tire affair by saying there was nothing
in the rumor. ¦ Governor Gage would see
no representative of the press last even
ing. ¦ ".
SAN JOSE, April 14.— Former Governor
H. H. Markham makes positive denial
that any arrangement exists between
Flint and Gage in (reference to the candi
dacy of either for the Governorship or for
United States Senator. The rumor, that
has circulated freely here is that one or
the other would withdraw from the race
for Governor, and, in return, would be
supported for the Senatorship. Markham
says if any one withdraws it will not be
( "Flint went to San Francisco to-day to
attend a convention of the Masons -and I
expect him back in the morning," said he.
"This talk about withdrawing, from the
gubernatorial fight is all bosh. The mat
ter was broached to me to-day, and, al
though I have had many conferences with
-Flint, I know that he intends to stay in
the fight to the finish. ¦ I think the story
was first circulated in Los Angeles by the
friends of Gage with a view of injuring
Flint's candidacy. I can only give my per
sonal assurance that the story is without,
foundation." ; . .'
Rumor That Gage Will Withdraw in Favor
of Flint Is Current in Political Circles.
The committee on games announced
that probably at the next meeting it
¦would present its programme, which is to
include a number of new ideas in the
way of amusements for old and young, i ! -
Reports from ' the several lodges were
that all will work hard to make the pic
nic a success, as it is for the purpose of
replenishing the treasury of Liberty
Lodge, which has become almost depleted
on account of the heavy drain upon it
by sick members. This Is the first time
in the history of the order that all the
local lodges have in a spirit of fraternal
friendship worked together to assist a
sister lodge In distress. It is expected
that at least 1200 will be on ' the picnic
grounds. .^ ¦
The committee on prizes reported hav
ing already received 167 prizes, with prom
ises of a great many more, so there will
be an unusually large number for distri
bution.
Publicity — Thomas Billinsslea, : Fritz Palm,
C. W. Apgar, James A. Johnston, W. J. Lang-
Btaff. Maxwell L. Crowe.
Press — C. H. Holcomb. Thomas Johnstone,
E. • C. Stock.
Floor — James A. Cullen. W. Jt Lyle, W.
"Warnholz. Thomas Martin, W. W. T. Berrlll
Charles T. Hemenway, C. H. McKay. F. M.
Savase. ... .•
Executive— Ben I. Salomon (chairman). I.
Citron, James A. Johnston. W. J. Lan^staff
and S. J. Crowler of Liberty Lodge; i\ D.
Jennings. Keystone: A. Morris, Leland' Stan
ford; N. H. Hirschfeld. Norman; Thomas
Learned, Polar Star; Charles Noble. Yerba
Buena; C. J. Smith, American Eagle, and
Charles Lampe. Germanla.
Games — James A. Johnston, A. Olson, R.
Noble, J. Morria, E, H. Thornton.
Prizes — XV. J. Lansrstaff. Mark Roth, G. T.
Poultney, H. 'Warnholz, E. W. Koffman,
Gomer Boltlnr.
General committee — B. E. George, chairman:
Thomas Billingslea, secretary; R. A. A. Sum
mers, treasurer. ,
At a meeting of the representatives of
the local lodges of the Knights of Honor,
to arrange for the picnic to be given by
that organization at Camp- Taylor on May
SO next, the following named, committees
were announced as revised to date:
' One I plank of - the proposed platform
favors the irrigation scheme presented by
Scipio" Craig. The primary law is indorsed.
The Gage resolution adopted by the sub
committee Is worded: ; "We indorse the
courageous and economical administration
of Henry T. Gage, and commend the
management of -State institutions."
The subcommittee expects to have a re
port ready at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing, which will be then submitted 1 to the
full committee for final action.
A^large number of propositions and res
olutions were submitted to the committee,
but some of them will never see the light
of, day. . A declaration as to the necessity
of. a further extension \ of the laws relat
ing to Chinese; exclusion will forma fea
ture of the platform and a. tfelegram prob
ably will be sent to' Washington, urging
prompt action. The Federal administra
tion will be indorsed and the present State
administration commended. The present
primary law will, be indorsed. - \ "¦- ¦
¦ - ing. before the committee
should be first passed upon by the follow
ing subcommittee: O. A. Hale, chairman
ex-omcio; Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento, J.'.R. Tyrrell of Nevada, George
R. Lukens of Alameda, Henry C. Dibble
of, San Francisco, E. A. Hayes of San
Jose, W. R. Porter of Watsonville, J. J.
Gosper of Los Angeles and C. W. Merritt
of Santa Barbara.
'¦' m . .^L ir T""r April 14.— The com
'"' kl? • nilttea on platform . had two
• •» meetings; to-day in the Au
¦'^^^' zerais building, the last one
, j ending late to-night. It was
; decided' that all matters com-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Members Are Working
to Aid a Lodge in
. Distress.
Former Senator 1^ Chief
Speaker at Harmony
Meeting.
Features of the Plat=
form That Will Be
Presented.
KNIGHTS WILL
HELP KNIGHTS
SNAPSHOTS OF DELEGATES TO
THE CONVENTION OF REPUB
LICAN LEAGUE CLUBS.
SAN JOSE, April 14.— "Teddy's Ter
rors," a Southern California organization,
of which J. Wallace Diss is chief buster,
gave a dinner iri the Vendome to-night.
The striking feature of the feast was the
presence of E. F. Preston. Dr. Pardee asd
E. B. Edson, candidates for the gubenw.
torial nomination. Happy remarks were
made by each aspirant for. the high sta
tion. Thomas Flint had accepted the in
vitation, but was called to San Francisco
during the day. Samuel M. i Shortridge,
ex-Governor Markham, Walter F. Parker,
General George Stone. W. S. Melick and
Ferd K. Rule attended.
TEDDY'S TEBROBS EliTTERTAIN.
HILL ARRAIGNS
THE PRESIDENT
Colonel Preston made a speech, which
was bright and felicitous. He was
cheered to the echo when fie said that he
would "stand by the party, no matter
who may be chosen." He was Introduced
by A. Ruef, who said that the small but
earnest band of workers of the Republi
can Primary League who were there rep
lesented the true Republicans of San
At 2 o'clock the Primary League dele
gates formed in front of the Courthouse
and made a tour of the stopping places
of those who have political ambitions.
Each one was treated to a selection by
the band, felicitous speeches and hand
shakings were indulged in and a period
of good-fellowship followed.
The first place visited was the Hotel
Vendome. Abe Ruef, who led the pro
cession, announced that the Republican
Primary League was going to find the
"next five Governors of California," but
he succeeded in rounding up only two of
the prospective candidates. These were
Colonel E. F. Preston and Railroad Com
missioner E. B. Edson.
Pay Visits to Candidates.
San Jose was reached at 10:30 o'clock-
Flags were distributed, a line was
formed, fijid. headed by President T. P.
Woodward of the Republican Primary
League, tW march to the St. James Ho
tel was begun. The Republican Mutual
Alliance was headed by Sylvester Sha
ben £s marshal, resplendent in a gold
sash. He v.as followed by Martin Kelly,
the organizer of the Alliance, and sixty
five delegates. " ,
A committee of citizens of San Jose,
consisting of E. A. and J. O. Hayes, J.
R. Johns and Mitchell Phillips, was on
hand to welcome the guests and see that
none of them went astray. It performed
its duty well. As soon as the hotel was
leached the delegates proceeded to the
convention hall, again" headed by their
band, and caused considerable stir as
they entered.
SAN JOSE, April 14.-A special
train containing the delegates
of the Republican Primary
Eeague, the Republican Mu
tual Alliance, the German
American Club and a num
ber of other organizations
pullefl out of the Third and Townsend
street depot at 8:30 o'clock this morning.
The train was chartered by the Republi
can Primary League, and flaming posters,
on each side of a number of Uhe cars,
advertised the Republican Primary
League through the villages and towns
of San Mateo and Santa Clara counties.
A brass band accompanied the excursion
and rendered selections on the way.
About 500 passengers were on the train,
and all talk was directed toward politi
cal subjects.
Efforts were made to find Thomas B.
Flint of Ventura at tho Hotel St. James,
but he had departed. After a serenade
to the San Jose News, the Republican
Primary League, after a march through
ihe streets, returned to the conventior
hall.
Judge W. C. Van' Fleet, «J. W. Ander
son, ex-State Superintendent of Instruc
tion, L. H, Garrigus of Salinas, and A.
Ruef spoke. Ruef was accorded a hearty
welcome, the ladies on the hotel piazza
from which he spoke waving their hand
kerchiefs at the "young Napoleon" of
Republicanism, as one df them happily
styled him.
I am pleased to meet you centlemen of the
Republican Primary L<eague. I did not antici
pate that I would be called upon to address
you to-day, eo this honor is as unexpected as
It is unsought. I want to assure you that I
am with the Republican party heart and soul
and will do all in my power for, the success
of the ticket. I did not think, that I would
need to bring- my vaqueros from the fastnesses
of the Sierras to round up my friends. I find
they have rounded me up and are offering me
their heartiest support.' I thank you again for
this demonstration in my favor. <
Edson Thanks the Leaguers.
E. B. Edson was next called out and
spoke as follows:
My whole Interest in this campaign is for
a Rood, honest administration of the govern
ment of California. I hope the people of the
State will swing into one solid phalanx on this
idea. The grand march of triumph that w<?
are now making is only an incident compared
to the inarch of progress that is to come. Na
matter what the outcome of the next State
convention may be, I will suoport the ticket
from top to bottom. My voice will be with
the party and I will do all in my power to
keep California in line with the solid Repub
lican States of the Union.
I thank you again for this demonstration in
honor of my candidacy for Governor.
In ' reply ' Colonel Preston returned
thanks for the honor conferred upon him,
and said in part: ' 9
Colonel Preston's Reply.
Francisco, and he would pledge for'them
the hearty support of more than 10,000
members of the League.
PRIMARY LEAGUERS SERENADE
COLONEL PRESTON AND
E. B. EDSON.
VOTERS OF MANY CALIFORNIA TOWNS SELECT THE MEN
WHO SHALL HAVE CONTROL OP MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POOLROOM FACTION SCORES A
SWEEPING VICTORY IN
SAUSALITO.
past fifteen years, but he met TjJi TTa
terloo to-day and was beaten by 113
votes. E. A. Hall and W. A. Trafton
were elected city Councilmen. S. W.
Coffman was re-elected City Clerk and
w. B. Cooper was re-elected City Treas
urer. To-morrow a freeholders' election
will be held, but there will be no op
position to the regular citizens' ticket.
Willits Votes for Schoslhouse.
WILLITS, April 14.— In to-daj's muni
cipal election H. B. Mulr, E. F. Swort
figuef and O. T. Wells were elected Trus
tees; T. B. Johnson, Marshal; C. I. Mast,
Town Clerk, and C. A. Irvine. Treasurer.
Three hundred and fifty-four ballots were
cast, against 149 two years ago, while ful
ly 200 voters failed to exercise their fran
chise. Every successful candidate ran on
the Independent ticket. The result of the
election gives general satisfaction. In a
special election the proposition that Wll
lits School District issue $8000 bonds for a
modern school building was carried by
an overwhelming majority, there being 185
votes in favor and" only two opposing.
Politics cut no figure and there were no
issues Involved in the regular election.
Fight for Hanford Offices.
HANFORD, April 14.— The city election
here to-day was exciting in spots. Tha
principal fight was for the ofQca of Mar
shal and City Clerk. E.'Reurk, the In
cumbent, was defeated for Marshal by
A. M.- Frederick by 193 votes. James A.
Hill was elected to the office, of City Cleric
by a majority of 157 over two opponents,
J. H. Farley and John Irwin. Farley re
celved 82 votes, Hill 375 and Irwin 131
The City Trustees elected were: J. W.
Rhoads, H. Widmer and J. E. Vtaey.
Frank R. Hlght was elected Treasurer
without opposition.
Democrats Win in TJkiah.
UKIAH, April 14.— The regular election
for municipal officers was held here to
day. Only the Democratic party had
placed a regular ticket in the field. The
Republican candidates were all nomln*
ated'by petition. The liveliest fight was
for marshal, clerk and trustees. Warren
de Merritt (Independent Republican) was
elected marshal; J. E. Pemberton and
Thomas Charlton, Democrats, trustees;
J. H. Carothers (D.), clerk, and D. nl.
Gibson (D.), treasurer.
f ay AUSALITO, April 14.-J5espite
jT the strenuous exertions on the
part of the hill tribes of Sau
"""'W salito, the poolroom contingent
AL jf scored a sweeping victory in
L to-day's election. Both of the
candidates— Jacques Thomas
and Edwin H. Shoemaker— who were sup
ported by the poolroom men for the office
of City Trustee were elected. Because of
the intense rivalry between the two fac
tions "It was feared that trouble would
break out during the day. Sheriff Taylor
was on hand with a competent force to
care for any one who might attempt to
interfere with the voting, but his services
were not required in a single instance. It
was whispered about that the poolroom
men would import "thugs" to terrify the
timid hill residents, but the rumors proved
It became apparent early in the day that
the poolroom men would triumph. The
heavier portion of the votes was cast ear
ly in the morning. The anti-poolroom
faction claims that its opponents won by
"colonizing" the tpwn. This faction had
representatives at the polls and every
voter who did not bear the appearance of a
bona fide resident was challenged. About
fifty votes were held up in tnis manner,
but the election judges allowed forty to
swear in their votes. # • /
W. G. Morrow, who was one of the
candidates of the Municipal Improvement
Club, made a very energetic fight during
the morning, but as the contest advanced
and his chance of election waned he de
serted his place at the polls and gave up
•the fight in despair. . Thomas Frost, one
of the leaders of the poolroom men, had
lieutenants stationed at the- polls taking
down the" names of all the voters. By
this means he was enabled to know just
how the battle was progressing.
One of the significant results of tfte
election was the defeat of Adolph Sylva.
who for years has held the position of
political dictator of Sausalito.
The result of the - election was about
3 to 1 in favor of the poolroom candidates.
Four hundred and ninety votes were cast.
Forty-one ballots . were thrown out \ on
final count, owing to technical errors. Out
of the 441 votes counted Jacques Thomas
received 28ff"and E. H. Shoemaker 288. The
totals of the other candidates were as
follows: W. G. Morrow 127, J. F. Jones
129, Adolph Sylva 21, George W. Payne 3
and Jacob Schnell 19. "•
Ed Findley was re-elected Clerk and
James Hannon City Marshal. Fred
Baraty was chosen City Treasurer.
The counting of the ballots to-night
progressed without any interruption. The
poolroom people were jubilant over their
victory and at a late hour the town was
given over to mirth and hilarity.
"New Mayor for Dixon.
DJXON, April 14.— The municipal elec
tion held here to-day proved quite excit
ing. One hundred and eight votes were
cast. The returns show the defeat of
Mayor C. C. Donoho for re-election. J.
F. Cowden, J. D. Johnson and A. F. Shan
graw are the new members of the Board
of Trustees. A. Manning, for Town Clerk,
and W. C. Rhem, for Town Marshal, had
practical walk-overs. -E. Ferguson, for
Treasurer, had no opposition.
Two Contests in Healdsburg-.
HEALDSBURG, April 14.— The city
election passed quietly. There were no
contests except on City Trustees, two
being elected. The vote was: Trustees—
T. S. Merchant, Incumbent, 239; William
Rowland, 204; H. H. Pyne, incumbent,
160; W^H. Priest. 133; City Clerk, C. H.
Pond, 317; Marshal, J. C. Ingalls, 338;
Treasurer, E. S. Rowland, 317.
Mill Valley Votes High License.
MILL VALLEY. April -14.— The election
in this city to-day was a spirited one. It
was the first municipal election since Mill
Valley was incorporated in September,
1900, and the main point at issue was
whether there -should be high or low
liquor licenses. At the present time there
is only one saloon in the valley, the license
amounting to $750 a year. There were two
factions in the field, , the Citizens' and
Taxpayers' party and the Independents,
or low license party. There were five
Trustees to be elected and in the final
result the Citizens' and Taxpayers* party
elected three out of the five. Their can
didates for Marshal, Cle«k and Treasurer
also won. The total vote cast was 230.
Those elected were: Trustees, F. Blair
Turpin, Alonzo Coffin, John R. Wood, A.
C. Hinz and William Terry: Clerk, S. H.
Roberts; City Marshal. M. Staples; Treas
urer, A. H. House. •
San Mateo's Heavy Vote.
SAN MATEO, April 14.— In the city elec
tion to-day the following were elected:
M. Powers and J. P. Weller, Trustees;
Henry Hagin. Treasurer; R. H. Jury,
Clerk and Assessor; James R. Wallace.
Marshal and Tax Collector. Four hun
dred and fifteen votes . were polled, th©
heaviest vote cast at any previous city
election.
Result in St. Helena.
ST. HELENA, April 14.— The municipal
election held here to-day resulted as fol
lows: Town Trustees— W. A. Macklnder,
E. G. Schuneman and A. Schwelnltzer;
Town Clerk, Otto Behrns; Town Treas
urer, "W. A. Elgin. J. G. Johnson was
elected Marshal for his seventh succes
sive term.
Returns From Benicia.
BENICIA, April 14.— In the municipal
election to-day Hon. W. L. Crooks, can
didate for Railroad Commissioner .from
the First .• District. - was indorsed by the
Democrats and unanimously re-elected a
member of the Board .of City Trustees
for a term of four years. He has served
the city as president of -the board for
the past four years, and to him is du*
to a large extent a successful municipal
government and the- harmonious feel
ing among the parties. Two trustees.
Clerk, Treasurer and Marshal were elect
ed. The only opposition was over the of
fice of Marshal, the incumbent winning.
The newly elected officers are: "W. L
Crooks (R.) and Otto G. Trautz (D.) 4
Trustees; J. T. Banfleld (R.), Clerk; J. E.
Glendon (D.). Treasurer, and W. J. Har.
nett (D.), Marshal. .i.,;''
One-Sided Contest in Strisun.
SUISUN, April 14.— In fhe municipal
election to-day W. H. Bryan, Ernst
Luehning, M. DInkelspiel and W. L. Grif
fiths were elected city trustees; F. TV. M.
Gabriel, clerk; J. Lenahan, treasurer,
and £>. C. McDonald marshal. AH except
tho last named received large majorities.
Winners in Calistoga.
CALISTOGA, April 14.— The town elec
tion passed off' quietly. Tne only office*
contested were those of Trustees ami
Clerk. The following is the result: Trus
tees. C. W. Armstrong and N. Conner;
Clerk, Rev. J. C. Colyar: Marshal, DavUr
Rose; Treasurer, C. M. Hoover.
MODESTO, April 14.— The city election
to-day resulted In the selection of J. R.
Broughton and J. M. Pike, Trustees- W
A. Harter, Clerk; James Johnson. Treas
urer, and R. D. Young, Marshal.
Choice of the Modestoans.
Vacaville's Quiet Election.
VACAVILLE, Apriri4.— A very* quiet
city election .here to-day resulted in a
victory 'for the* Citizens' ticket. D. K.
Corn, G. W. Crystal and D. B. Derby
were elected Trustees, . S. G. Creighton
Clerk, A. Harmon Marshal and Edward
Fisher Treasurer.
¦Watsonville Elects New Marshal.
WATSONVILLE, April 14.— A .large
vote was polled in the city election here
to-day. The main contest was between
H. -V. Trafton and C. W. Brldgewater
for the marshalship. Bridgewater uaa
been invincible in this position for the
,-.... • . • ; . ... - • '-¦ - -. ¦ - r jjW^^SBESSK9p*MSw
THE SAN FRANCISCO fCALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 15, 1902.
3
Here is a snap in golf shirts if your size is in the lot. To-day M
we place on sale a number of late style golf shirts in sizes 16, 16H H
and 17 only, at a price that is just enough to call it a price. The ||
shirts are regular 50c and 75c values, but we will close out the I
three sizes for |
j 25e. [
Remember w;e have ] the >shirts only in the three sizes above 1
- : "; .mentioned. The colors are blue, «d» ox blood, green, gray, etc., I
.Tin the late spring designs, shirts are what is left from several JJ
. lots. * - . )l
y . . Out-of-town orders ff/fad — write us.
718 Market Street.1 UKIAH, Anrll 14.— Cleveland's flourine mill, 1
Blx miles north of this cltjY w as destroyed by
nr« f thiB morning. . The loss Is " estimated at
about J7000.. The lire is believed to have been
of < incendiary- origin." ' . , ' • ¦ t ¦
-and '/when it was brought, in a flve-gallon
can, one end .of a: syringe was : placed 'in
It and tho other, end imtheiman a mouth.
As he still ref used,\ a second syringe was
brought ; and \ one , end of . it placed •. in-ithe
prostrate r man's nose. He- still > refused,
and,.; a • handful of s salt . was thrown T into
the t,. water. -This had the desired effect,
and I the, presidente \ agreed \ to answer.- all
questions. . ; . ..
Your Business" Requires It,
The Pen Carbon Books, lor copying 1 let
ters and , bills, j are -the most handy and
most economical books' ever 1 got out.' If
you write letters or bills >¦ you should be
interested in Seeing them.- Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street.' -:•"-• r> - ( ..C:i*.r
/ WILLEMSTADT, ' Island of Curacao,
April 14.— According'; to, a dispatch: re
ceived' here to-day, General Montenegro,
President of the State of Cojedes, . jj has
turned < against President Castro. { To
gether with 800 men he left San Carlos,
the capital of Cojedes, last : Saturday
morning and joined a force of 450 revolu
tionists under Luciano Mendoza.
" These revolutionists ; purpose marching
toward Valencia, the capital -of 'the 'State
of Carabobo, which is j only, three days
distant from San Carlos. The defection of
General Montenegro Is believed to ¦ be ' a
serious blow for President Castro, and it
is said here that ; several other . Govern
ment generals, will follow Montenegro's
example. ; ' :^.
; The various revolutionary -bands ¦ are
joining forces, and in two or more large
bodies, numbering - about 2000 men each,
have been marching in the direction of
Valencia for the past few days.' . iP* ¦ r. •
.General. Obdullo Bello/ one of President
Castro's faithful followers, and the troops
of. his command ¦ were routed ¦ last Satur
day .near El* Pllato,' a small village about
seven miles west of Porto Callebo.
f . It . is believed here that the Venezuelan
revolution will now progress actively; - "•
WASHINGTON April 14,— The. Senate
Committee on. the Philippines: began.; the
week with an intention of making an in-!
vestigatlon of the charges to the effect
that the "water cure,'.'. so called, is prac
ticed on the insurgents. Charles S. Reiily
of Northampton, Mass., formerly a.sei^
geant in Company M, Twenty-sixth Vol
unteer Infantry, waa the first wjttriess
called with that end in viewl, ":. ". "..': ' "
Reilly said that he had been In the Phil
ippines from October 25, 1899, to March 4,
1901. In reply to questions by jBenator
Rawlins he said he had witnessed -the
"water cure" at Igbaris, in the. province
If Hollo, on October 8, 1900. 'It, waY ad
ministered to the presidente, or chief Fili
pino' official of the town. lie . said . that
upon the arrival of ¦ his command at Ig
baris the presidente. was a§k(&d.ff runners
had been sent out notifying insurgents
of their presence, and upon;hls refusal to
give the information he was taisen i to the
convent, where the witness was stationed,
and .the '-'water . cure" was administered
to him. This official was, he, said, a man
about 40 years of age.' When ho (the wit/
ness) first saw him he was standing" tn the
corridor of the convent, stripped to the
waist and- his hands tied: behind' .^hlni,"
with Captain Glenn and Lieutenant^ Con
ger of the regular army and Dr. Lyons," a
contract surgeon, standing * near, * while
many soldiers stood about. . The man, he
said, ¦ was then thrown^ under a water
tank, which held about a hundred gallons
of water, and his mouth placed directly
under the faucet and' held open so: as to
compel him: to swallow • the , water -;whlch
was allowed to escape .rfrpm the '; tank. 1
Over him stood an Interpreter repeating
one word, which .the. .witness- said he did
not understand but which he believed to
be the native , equivalent of ¦ "confess."
Wheri'at last the presidente agreed to tell
what he knew he was released and allowed
to start away. He^was'not/. however, per
mitted' to escape, and "upon refusing, to
give further Informations he was again
taken, as he was . aboutv to -mount hia
horse, and the, "cure", administered*;, for
the second time. * This time the man was
not stripped nor was he > taken Into the
building. Dr. Lyons said the water could
be brought to the spot and given there.
Senate Committee Hears
Evidence Concerning
Water Cure.
General Montenegro and
V^His Troops Join the
Revolutionists.
Montreal's Present to King.
LONDON, April 14.— King! F.dward re
ceived Lord Strathcona and Moi>ut Royal,
the Canadian High Commissioner, in Lon
don to-day, when Lord Strathcona pre
sented to his Majesty an address and a
gold medal from the citizens of Montreal
in commemoration of the visit to that
city made recently by the Prince of
Wales.
eastward of the poort, after considerable
opposition, resulting in Colonel Murray
being wounded and Lieutenant Lincoln
being killed. Another officer and five men
were wounded. Since then the operations
continued dally. Colenbrander's latest re
port,. April 12, gave the Boer* losses in
killed, wounded and prisoners at 106 men.
The colonel hoped to be able to report
further captures.
The most severe fighting occurred April
11. in Western Transvaal, where Gene.fU
Ian Hamilton has replaced General
Methuen in command .of the British
troops. The t Boers attacked Colonel Keke
wich's force near Rooiwal and fighting at
close quarters ensued. The Boers were
repulsed, leaving oiv-the field forty-four
men killed, including Commandant Pot
gteter, and thirty-four wounded. The Brit
ish captured twenty unwounded prison
ers.
According to last accounts, General Ian
Hamilton was pursuing the remainder of
the Boer command. The British losses in
this nght were six men killed and fifty
two wounded.
At the .beginning of the pursuit Colo
nel Kekewich captured two guns, a pom
pom, a quantity of ammunition and a
number of wagons.
A force ff Boers recently overwhelmed
a strong British patrol sent out from
Bultfonteln, Orange River Colony, to
clear distant farms,- An officer and two
men, were killed, fourteen men wounded
and the remaining members of the patrol
were surrounded and captured. Lord
Kitchener mentions holding an inquiry
into this reverse. . - • - ~--j. ¦ ¦ " . i
Alleged Terms of Peace.
THE HAGUE, April 14.— From those
close In touch with the Boer leaders here
it appears that the latest secret dis
patches from South Africa outline th<j!
peace proposals now unde'r discussion at
Pretorlal .They closely follow the sum
mary given on Saturday last by the Even
ing News of Edinburgh, .with' the fol
lowing additional details:
The Boers to accept a British Lord Commis
sioner, with a Boer executive, both to be resi
dent at Pretoria. .¦
The country to be divided Into districts, with
British district • officers and a"> Boer committee
chosen by polling by the ¦ burghers. The veto
right i» to be reserved to the British Govern
ment. The majority of the British officers
must be conversant with the Dutch language
Johannesburg to be ceded to the Bri'tieh
with complete British civil government. ¦ '
A war indemnity of £10,000,000, to be dis
tributed by • mixed committees.
Disarmament . to occur when, the first ' batch
of Boer prisoners Is Bent back to South Africa
No war tax to be levied.
Both languages to be recognized in th-»
schools and courts and in official documents"
The expense of the garrisons in South Africa
to be borne, by Great. Britain. • , : .;•-, N :
The present"" Boer leaders to be retained in
office so far as possible.
Diamond Thief Is Sentenced.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Edward Kern, a
\alet, who stole diamonds valued at $12,005
from Paul G. Thebaud, was to-day sen
tenced to imprisonment for four years and
six months. . Ktrn stole the jewels on De
cember 29 and fled to New Orleans, where
he was betrayed to the police by another
thief. He pleaded guilty when arraigned.
fare. A number of applications have been
made by roads to join the association. The
Great- Northern, Noriaern - Pacific and
Canadian Pacific are among- those that
are riot members of the association, but
whether they will join at this meeting
Is not known.
: President FaTrell of "the Pacific Steam
ship Company is here. Heis J. J.-' Hill's
right-hand man and his. presence 13 sig
nificant. • ¦ ; • : '
The steamer Spokane will arrive at San
Diego to-morrow and President Farrell
and the members of the Chamber of Com
merce of San Diego will entertain tho
rallrpad men by taking them for a ride
around the bay at the close of the morn-
Ing session.
Among those who arrived this evening
are:
. . , Prominent Delegates Axrive.
. e Atchlson, Topeka and Santa ' Fe— George T.
Nicholson, passenger traffic manager, Chicago,
and W. J. 'Black, general passenger agent, To
pekav Kan. ; ¦¦< , .
.Burlington and Missouri River Railroad—
J. Francis, general . passenger agent, Omaha,
Neb. -
¦ Chicago,-. Burlington r? and Qulncy — P. S.
Eustls, general passenger, agent, Chicago, and
W. A. Lalor, assistant general passenger agent,
Chicago. •. • . . -• .
•' Chicago and Northwestern — "W.-D. Knlskern,
general passenger agent, Chicago.
CASTRO SUFFERS
A SERIOUS LOSS
• THREE REPRESENTATIVE
RAILROAD MEN AT THE
SAN iI>iEGOi- £ MEETING. • v. ,
COLON, Colombia, April 14.— According
to the latest news received here, the In
terior of Colombia has been comparative
ly quiet since the defeat at Sochia, Feb
ruary 23, of the Liberal General McAlis
ter and his forces by 2000 Government
troops under the command of General
Gonzales Valencia. In this engagement
400 men were kftled, the Government took
435 rebel prisoners ana. captured W0 rifles.
Reports have reached here that the
Colombian revolutionary General Uribe-
Uribe is now in the department of Colima,
where he has twice suitered defeat at the
hands of Generals Gutteriez and- Per
domo, the Vice President of the country.
President Slarroquin has refused to ac
cept the recently tendered resignation of
Dr. Joaquin Velez, the Governor of the
department of Bolivar, on the ground that
Dr." Velez's presence at the head of the
government .of that department is indis
pensable to the safety of the republic.
According to a decree issued at Bogota,
the Plaza de Armas of that city will
henceforth be called the Plaza de Alban.
It has been decided to erect a monument
in this plaza at the expense of the Gov
ernment to the memory of the late Gen
eral Carlos Alban.^the Governor of Pan
ama, who was killed last January In the
harbor of Panama during a naval en
gagement with the revolutionary forces.
/t^ AN DIEGO, April 14.— A large del
(CT egation of railroad men arrived
1 here this evening to attend the
quarterly meeting of the Trans-
continental Passenger Associa
tion, .which opens Vto-morrow. - It is be
lieved that every railway west of the
Missouri River will be represented be
fore the association settles down to busl-.
ness. The docket for the meeting Is un
usually large ' and forty-three matter3
will come up for consideration. .The most
important matter is the "interchangeable
mileage" ticket! A committee has been
working on this question for a year and
trie members feel confident: that; the
ticket suggested bythem will be adopted
by the association without any oppoai-
I tlon. - ¦>.'• . '
The committee has several samples of
tickets,', but the one that meets with gen- .
eral approval is one which Is, goo*d for
3000 miles. It sells for $90 and -.will be
recognized by all roads west of the 1 ' Mis
souri River. In this way all traveling
and commercial men will have only, to
buy one book instead of having to secure
a different book for- each road. -The
ticket, however, will not be recognized
on the train, but will have to be^.pre
tented at a ticket office, where coOpons
representing 5 cents 'each will be torn
off for the amount of transportation and
a ticket issued. When the 3000 miles are
covered the purchaser will present his
book at the office and receive a rebate of
20 per cent. This rebate will be paid by
a bureau which the Transcontinental
Passenger Association will establish.- >v r-
Better Bate for Clergymen.
At the present time the clerical rate
which Is allowed by the Transcontinental-
Passenger Association Is a half fare. A
traveling cleric when past the / Missouri
River has to pay full fare. A resolution
will no doubt be adopted at the meeting
whereby the Eastern roada will recog
nize the half-fare rate and permit clerics
to ride to the Atlantic seaboard for. half
ARMY OFFICERS
TORTURE SPIES
Colombian Soldiers Win
Two Battles From
Uribe-Uribe.
LONDON, April 14.— Not for many years
has Great Britain's fiscal programme
been awaited with such interest as that
which attached to this year's announce
ment and there is no doubt that all the
proposals contained in the • budget given
out to-day by Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
the Chancellor of the Exc&equer, will be
adopted. It is equally certain, however,
that none of the proposals will meet with
the unanimous approval of either side of
the House.
More important perhaps than the curi
ous forms of the new taxation is the
statement made by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer that the Government had ac
ceded to the Boer demand concerning the
restocking of farms. At a late hour to
night it was stated upon excellent au
thority that the principal provision of the
budget, namely, the treasury loan of £32,
oou.iwu, upon which Sir Michael HicKS-
Beach was remarkably reticent, has a
serious bearing upon the peace • question.
There appears to be a very strong be
lief in the Cabinet that, owing to the ex
pected early termination of me war the
£32,000,000 will never be needed. When
that section of the budget gets to the
committee state the peace negotiations
will probably have reached such a shape
that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach will be able
to announce a diminution of to-day's esti
mate. In any cage this loan will prob
ably be called up In small installments
only.
The fear to explain the important point
is taken in the riouse of Commons to in
dicate that the Government has strong
hopes of a speedy issue of the iiegotia
tions now pending at Pretoria between the
Boer leaders, annough it wishes to im
press the world in general and the Boers
fin particular with us ability and determ
ination to push the war to a finish should
the British terms of peace be refused.
Faces a Big Deficit.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach rose in the
House of Commons this afternoon and
made the budget statement. He declared
the past year had not been exceptionally
prosperous, but there was nothing to de
press the country. Despite the fact that
thousands of workmen had been removed
from productive labor by the war, the
revenue figures showed -no diminution of
business at home, while there, was a sat
isfactory increase of foreign trade, and
there was no reason . for thinking that
there had been any falling off in the con
suming power of the people. The Chan
cellor estimated the expenditure for the
coming year at £174,609,000. The revenue
on the present basis of taxation was
£147,785,000, leaving a deficit of £26.824.000
This would be Increased by £1S,500,000 by
gratuities to the troops and bringing the
soldiers home, the ¦ maintenance of the
South African constabulary and*the cost
of the international sugar convention,
making a grops deficit of "£43.090,000.
The duties on wine, beer, tobacco and
tes are not changed. A penny tax is im
posed on dividend warrants and two pen
ny stamps must be. placed on checks in
stead of one penny, as heretofore. A
duty of 5 pence per hundredweight is im
pose! on flour. A duty of 3 pence per
hundredweight is imposed on all Imported
grain. The duty on meat is 5 pence per
hundredweight.
The revenue from the new taxation is
expected to be £5,160.000. After borrow
ing £32.000.000 the Chancellor of th«» Ex
chequer will make up the deficit by drafts
on the exchequer.
The general debate on the budget fol
lowed party lines. Winston Churchill ap
proved the proposals, but called serious
attention to the enormous Increase in ex
penditure, amounting to £40,000.000 In
seven years — a sum which, he said, was
out of proportion to the national enrich
ment. The house divided on the corn and
flour duties resolution, which was adopt
ed by a vote of 254 to 135.
Some Severe Fighting.
News of severe fighting In the Trans
vaal at the end of last week has been sent
by Lord Kitchener* who reports that
about 200 Boers were killed, wounded or
captured. There were about a hundred
British casualties. The British also cap
tured three guns and a -quantity of sup
plies. Commandant Potgieter was among
the Boers killed. • .
Lord Kitchener, in a dispatch dated
from Pretoria Sunday, April 13, recounts
how Colonel Colenbrander, after locating
Commandant Biers' laager at Pselkop,
moved his force by different routes from
Pietersburg. Transvaal Colony, blocking
the lines of retreat. The fight commenced
April S, when the Inniskillen Fusiliers at
tacked Molipspoort. covering the Boers'
position, and by dusk had seized a hill
Chancellor of the Exchequer Hopes to
Avert a Loan of £32,000,000
by Early Termination ' .*
of the War.
Government Accedes to De
mand to Restock the
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day heard argu
ments in the case of the State of Wash
ington vs. the Northern Securities Com
pany and the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern railroads, involving the merger
of the two railroads. Attorney General
Stratton appeared for the State and made
the opening argument, contending that
this court is the only one that can prop
erly hear the case and that If It refuses
to hear It there is no tribunal to which
the State can apply for the redress of a
wrong. He was frequently interrogated
by members of the court.
Justice White asked why the State could
not pass a law of its own to cover the
case, and Stratton replied that he thought
the State had that right, but that It also
is entitled to an independent proceeding
for injunction. In reply to Justice Har
lan he said that the j State might, of
course, proceed against either of the rail
road companies for damages, but chat the
Northern Securities Company could not
be thus reached in a State court.
The Chief Justice wanted to know if
the State could not institute a suit and
give the Securities Company a chance to
come in.
"Yes," was the reply, "but it won't
come in, as has been made manifest in
Minnesota." •
Stratton agreed with a suggestion made
by Justice Brewer that the railroads in
volved are interstate roads and that on
this account it was competent to appeal
to the national authorities. .
"What do you think of State owner
ship? Could not the State take possession
of the roads and run them?" asked the
Chief Justice.
Stratton replied that such a remedy had
not occurred to him. "What the State of
Washington wanted was that the court
should enjoin a combination of the two
roads in a third corporation under the
guise of .an Individual, and he believed
that this would not be permitted. He
closed with the charge that the combina
tion is a violation of the contract obliga
tion of the railroads implied In their ac
ceptance of. charters from the State.
REBEL GENERAL
MEETS DEFEAT
Startling Figures Given
Out in the Budget
Statement.
Attorney General of Wash
ington Presents the Plea
of That State.
. - . ¦ -
Supreme Court Hears
Argument on New
Merger Case.
BRITISH ARE
FADING VERY
BIG DEFICIT
JUSTICES ASK
MANY QUESTIONS
WESTERN RAILROAD MEN TO MEET
AND DISCUSS AFFAIRS OF MONENT
Convention Will in All "'Probability Adopt an interchangeable
READY TO FIGHT
THE BEEF TRUST
RAILROAD DEAL
IS UNDER WAY
Attorney General Drops
Concealment as to
His Intentions.
Louisville and Nashville
Line Is Very Likely
to Be Sold.
Officials Instructed to Secure
Information in Various
Cities.
Speculators Who Are- Inter 1
' ested in the Matter
Are Reticent. MtB'
HEAVY STORM
VISITS BERLIN
The several conferences of last Satur
day, including that between. John W.
Gates and George W. Perkins, at the of
fice of J. P. Morgan & Co., are regarded
with more than a little significance by
students of the situation. Gates had an
other talk with Perkins to-day, and soon
after President Spencer of the Southern
Hallway visited the Morgan Banking
House. j
John W. Gates and his associates are
reported to own or control more than
Suv.tXiO shares of Louisville and Nashville,
of which the total share capital is 600.0UO
shares. Some of this is on contracts for
delivery within the next three weeks. If
is not doubted that the Louisville and
Nashville-Southern Railway situation was
thoroughly discussed at the meeting be
tween Messrs. Perkins and Gates, but
with what result may not be known for
some dars."
Conservative opinion Inclines to the be
lief, however, .' that the Southern inter
ests will soon be found dominant in Louis
ville.
The strength of Illinois Central during
to-day's early session of the stock mar
ket gave rise to the belief in some quar
ters that the road would be found in con
trol of Louisville. The best information
fails to bear this out.
One of the afternoon reports had it that
Morgan & Co. had been asked to take
the Louisville matter in hand and effect
a settlement if the .terms of the Gates
faction ¦- were not too onerous. On this
and all other matters all hands main
tained reserve. Perkins said that under
no circumstances woald he talk about the
matter, and Gates declared that Louis
ville was the one thing he must decline
to discuss. . ¦ ¦ .
"It. has been said, Mr. Gates, that you
and your friends control more than 300,000
shares of Louisville."
"I cannot prevent people from talking,"
was Gates' reply, "but I again tell you
that I am,not talking on this subject."
NEW YORK, April 14.— Countless j ru
mors dealing, with the reported change
of control 8f the Louisville and Nashville
road* were- current to-day, but nothing
in the way of an official, or semi-official
statement was obtainable.* .
The actions that will be brought will
probably be also two-fold in their object.
First, an effort will be made by Injunc
tion to restrain these great packing
houses from . combining to violate the
anti-trust law and interstate commerce
laws. Second, to prosecute criminally
persons who so combine for the purpose
of crushing competition and creating a
monopoly and raising the price of the
most important necessity of life.
Representative Newlands of Nevada to
day introduced a bill to remove all du
ties on beef imported from foreign coun
tries.
The evidence that is required in these
instructions is understood to be two-fold.
First,, it is desirable, to establish legal
proof of the existence of a combination
between the six great packing houses for
the purpose of controlling the beef and
provision trade of the country and for the
fixing of prices. Second, it is important
to have evidence that will hold In a court
as to whether this combination has di
vided the territory of the country and
designated sections in which one or more
shall exclusively operate, and, further,
whether in the matter of bidding there
has existed an understanding that there
shall be no competition, but that certain
designated firms shall have certain desig
nated contracts.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.,
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W WASHINGTON, April 14.— There will
be a fight to a finish in the prosecution
of the beef trust, and Attorney General
Knpx himself has said so. The Attorney
General to-day dropped all concealment
as to his Intentions. He sent to the
Committee on Judiciary a letter in which
he announced for the information of tha
committee that he had already taken
steps for the prosecution of this illegal
combination, thus confirming in every de
tail the news published In The Call or
Sunday morning. The Attorney General a
letter will not be made public until to
morrow, but It is understood to' be very
direct in detailing the purpose of the De
partment of Justice.
The news from Kansas City that ac
tion had been ordered and that a Fed
eral Grana Jury had been called is neither
confirmed nor denied. The belief here la
that proceedings have not reached a3
radical a step as that, but that the Dis
trict Attorneys at -Chicago, Omaha and
Kansas City have all been Instructed to
use the utmost diligence in procuring evi
dence which will enable the Government
to proceed without any risks of a mis
carriage of Justice for the smashing of
the trust.
Lightning Strikes and
Sets Fire to Many
Buildinga
BERLIN, April 14.— A violent thunder
storm, accompanied by heavy rain, broke
over Berlin and its vicinity early to-day,
causing much damage. - Many buildings
were struck by lightning. The fire brigade
.was summoned to upward of 300 places
to extinguish fires' and. cope with the
floods, .j f .'. ....... .
, g The water was so deep around the ap
proaches to the railroad station on Fried
rich 'strasse that it was impossible to
reach the depot. At the Lehrte station
some of the waiting-rooms had to be
closed, as the walls threatened to fall.
A portion of the embankment' of the
Potsdam railroad near Schoeneburg was
swept away, and similar damage to the
circular railroad necessitated a suspen
sion of traffic.
The streets were so flooded' that the
cars in several districts' were abandoned
The streets were almost impassable for
pedestrians, and consequently the schools
were closed. The museum was consider
ably damaged. The decorative portions of
many buildings and the statues in the
public squares were seriously damaged
by hall, which for a time fell most heav
xw The . ? e " ars ot the Royal Theater arid
the Reichsbank are under water.
A house on Gericht strasse collapsed
Some of the occupants were injured
PITTSBURG, April 14.— William J. By
ers, a young man of prepossessing ap
pearance and manner, was, arrested to- -
day at his home in Kast Pittsburg for the
murderof August , Lay ton near Turk
Creek last spring. Byers was trapped -
through the agency of a" letter written to
a young woman - telling of his crime.
Byers confessed to having shot Layton
five times, and after a talk with the pris
oner Superintendent of Police McAleese
concluded that the killing was the result
of a conspiracy, and to-night ordered tho
arrest of Layton's widow, who la now
the wife of Frank -Williams of East Pitts
burg. Byers at one time boarded at the
Layton house in Turk Creek, and Is said
to have been Infatuated with Mrs. Lay
ton. His story, as told to the police au
thorities to-night, clearly Implicates the
woman in the murder. The murder of
Layton - last May was one of unsolvable
mystery to the-pollce.
Byers to-night broke down and con-,
fessed. "I killed Layton." said Byers to'
Detective McGovern, as he threw himself
on his breast. "For God's sake, save me.
I was in love with her and she loved me.
She hated her husband and said we must
kill him.. It was arranged on the night of
June 10 that I must kill him. I was to
accompany him to McKeesport and kill
him on the way.. When we were on the
farm of. Edward Taylor I stepped back of
him and . shot him in the head. Layton
fell to the ground. Then I put four shot3
in his head. I dragged the body to a
clump of bushes and threw brush over It.
I went to the home of Mrs. Layton and
spent the day and night with her. We
went to a dance that night and had a
good time together."
William J. Byers Commits Crime to .
Please the Wife of His
tr Victim.
CONFESSES THE MURDER
OF AUGUST LAYTON
Chinese Troops Join Rebels.
TIENTSIN, April 14.-It Is reported
here that 1000 of General Ma'4 troops who
were taking part in the Chaiyang expe
dition have deserted and Joined the reb
els in Southern China, taking with them
their arms, ammunition and treasury
Santa Fe (lines west of Albuquerque) — J.' J.
Byrne, general' passenger, agent. Lbs Angeles.
J. Charlton (chairman) and E.- L.. Be'vlngton
(secretary) of the (Transcontinental Passenger
Association, Chicago; J. F. Edwards, St. Liuis;
E. E. Holton,' Southern Pacific; George Gard
ner, ! Southern Pacific, and J. J. Byrne,' Santa
Fe: ¦¦;.¦.._: ¦ -. • ¦ •¦*-*-..¦
Illinois Central — Samuel -Hatch, ."assistant
general \ passenger agent, Chicago, i <¦ • JTi
Burlirfgton (Missouri lines) — L. W. \Vakeley,
general passenger agent,. St. Louis, "Mo.-
Missouri Pacific ! and yt. Louis, Iron Moun
tain and Southern — H. C. .Townsend, general
passenger agent, St. Louis, Mo.
Northern Pacific— C. S. Fee, general passen
ger agent, St. Paul, Minn. \ >
Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Northern—'"
John Farmer, general passenger agent, Cedar
Rapids, Iowa. ¦ .
Oregon Short* Llne^D. E. Burley, general
passenger agent. Salt Lake City, Utah.
pregon. Railway and Navigation Company —
A. L. Craig, general passenger agent, Port
land, Or. ¦
Texas and Pacific— E. P. Turner, general
passenger agent, Dallas, Texas. -
Iowa Central — W. A. Batty, general passen
ger agent, Mar3halltown. Iowa.
Chicago Great Western— J. P. Elmer, gen
eral passenger agent, Chicago.
Wisconsin Central — J. C. Pond, general pas
senger Vgept, Milwaukee; Wis. ¦
Southern Pacific — E. • O. McCormick, passen
ger traffic manager. San Francisco; S. F. B.
Morse, assistant passenger traffic manager.
New Orleans; TV H. Goodman, general passen
ger agent, Jan. Francisco AM. L. Bobbins, gen
eral passenger agent, Houston, Texas; F- B.
Miller, general passenger agent (lines in Ore
gon), Portland, Or. ¦
-Wabash — C- S. Crane, . general passenger
agent, St. Louis, Mo. • •
. St. Louis and San Francisco — A. Hilton,'gen
eral passenger agent. St. Louis. : . •••'
' Union Pacific — E. L. Lomax, general passen
ger agent, Omaha, Neb. . --...,,
Groat" Northern— F. I. Whitney, general pas
senger agent, St. Paul, Minn.
Chicago, Rock Island and ' ' TexaB— W. H.
Firth, assistant general passenger, agent, Fort
Worth;- Tex. ; • .,-> - -,. :•¦ . -- , :> .-
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific — John Se
bastian, general passenger agent, Chicago, i
Chicago and Alton — George J. Charlton, gen
eral 'pauienger agent; Chicago.
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul— F. A. Mil
ler, general passenger agent. Chicago, and A.
S3.. Merrill, assistant general 'passenger agent,
Denver, Cdlo. : ' • •
Colorado Midland — C. H. Speers, general pas
senger agent, Chicago. ¦.
Colorado Southern — T. E. Fisher, general pas
stnger agent, Denver. . . ¦
Fort Worth, and D. C. Railway— W. F.
Sterling, assistant general passenger agent.
Fort .Worth. -
ST. PETERSBURG. April 14.— An In
vestigation has been opened by the court
at Saghalin, an Island oft* the east coast
of Asia belonging to Russia, Into numer
ous charges of thefts and, embezzlements
brought against Government officials. Al
though only minor officers have thus far
been' accused, the affair promises to de
velop into a sensation.
Charges Brought Against Officials.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 14.— A dispatch
from Kovno. capital of the government ™ the
eanie name, announces that all the mmh*™
of -a Jewteh- family, numbering seven^eSon/
residing near that : Dlace. . have been slata by
robbery who beat out. their bralnT with
THE SAST ..FltANXJlSCb" -"CALL, TUE3BAY, - 15, 1902.
4
THE BALANCE %
Z!z~^rym Is often very much
lll'L Vjl against -the wife.
W t'JL Her . stren gtk « «n-
fgjpr dcrmined, she ' loses
flesh and her energy
*nd courage slowly leak away from her.
Gradually the comradeship of- husband
and wife is broken up. At first he takes
his solitary pleasures reluctantly, . but
later Le hardly seems to remember the
old days over. -which his, wife in her
weakness mourns daily.
}¦ Women who find their health failing,
and womanly ailments fastening on them,
should promptly begin the use of. Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It cor-
rects irregularity, dries the drains which
weaken women, heals inflammation "and
ulceration, and cures female weakness. It
makes weak women strong, sick women
well. Sick women are invited to consult
Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All corres-
pondence held as strictly private and I
sacredly confidential. Address Dr. Rl V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"I had been a jrreat sufferer from female weak-
ness for about two years." writes Mrs. Emma
Richardson, of Gose, Wayne Co., Ky. "Could
not do ray work part of the time. 1 took four
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and
felt as well as I ever did. I have also used Dr.
'Pierce's Golden Medical Discoverr for ulcera-
tion of the throat with good results and half
<jf one bottle cured my throat when I could
•carcely swallow."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, 1008 pages, free, on receipt of
stamps for mailing only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper-covered book,
or 31 stamps for tne cloth-bound vol-
ume, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.Charleroi, where 15,000 of the 40,000 coal
miners stopped work. Bands of strikers
paraded the streets and the surrounding
country, closing the workshops and fac
tories where employes had not joined the
strike. They succeeded In shutting up
all the metal factories, most of the glass
work* and a number of other establish
ments. The same tactics are beginning to
be adopted at Jumet and Rox. j .
A general strike has been declared in
most of the large boot and shoe factories.
Active measures have been taken to en
able the soldiers to reinforce the police at
a moment's notice at any point required.
About 18,000 men are now out' on strike
in the Mons district. Thirty-five thou
sand troops are distributed in the agi
tated regions.
-WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Presi
dent has appointed Archbishop Ryan of
Philadelphia a member of the Board of
Indian Commissioners. He succeeds
Bishop Whipple, " the ¦ eminent Episco
palian, who died recently, and Is the first
Catholic prelate appointed on the board.
Ryan Is Placed on Board.
LAREDO, Tex., April 14.— A circular
letter was received at the Mexican Na
tional headquarters here, dated New
York, April 10, stating that a new com
pany had on that date assumed owner
ship and control of all the railroad lines
and properties of the Mexican National.
The circular stated that all employes are
appointed to their old positions. The cir
cular was signed, E. H. "Warren, presi
dent.
The circular was a big surprise to the
officials in this city. From the circular
it is surmised that Captain W. G. Raoul's
successor is E. H. Warren. The new
president is not known in this city.
.NEW YORK, April 14.— Edward H.
Warren, the new president of the Na
tional Railroad Company of Mexico, is a
representative of a law firm in this city
which has represented the banking-house
of Speyer & Co., controlling the Mexican
National and Mexican International roads.
His appointment was announced in a dis
patch dated Salt Lake City, March 4.
All Employes Are to Retain
Tneir Old Positions.
Circular Is Issued Announcing That
CHANGE OP OWNERSHIP
IN A MEXICAN RAILROAD
Paraders Close Shops.
A great strike has commenced at
There has been rioting: at Poul, where
the convent of the Little Sisters of the
Poor has been stoned. From Mons troops
have started for different points in the
Borinag district.
At Cuesmes, a town in the province of
Hainaut, 5000 strikers assembled around
the state arsenal with the object of stop
ping work.
The weavers of Ghent are ceasing work,
and a general strike of the weaving trade.
It is expected, will be declared to-morrow.
Advices from Liege say that a general
strike has been started In the coal mines
of the Seralng district and at the Kettin
foundries at Solessin. The quarrymen of
the Amble Valley have also struck.
A dispatch from La Louvier. a town in
the province of Kainaut, announces that
In accordance with the decision of the
labor leaders -e. general strike has com
menced In the coal mines, glass works
and factories of the central districts, in
cluding Mariemont and Bascoup.
General Strike Begins.
On leaving this meeting, M. Van der
Velde proceeded to the Maison du Peuple.
As h» moved among the people he urged
them to remain calm. \
M. Van der Velde concluded by declar
jng that the Government's reply in the
Chamber to their demand was awaited
with the greatest anxiety, and that an Im
mense crowd would gather next Wednes
day to hear it, "and if we are disappoint
ed," he said, "we shall have the rioting
cf 1S02. The country has had enough of
clerical despotism."
"Physical force is impossible at pres
ent. We must appeal to the soldiers, who
are. workmen in uniform."
The socialists announced to-day - that
they would interpellate the Government
to-morrow on the brutality of me police
of Brussels. A feeling prevails here to
night that the Government my make a
decisive declaration on the subject of re
vision.
No credence Is given here to the report
of the existence of a plot against King
Leopold at Biarritz. His Majesty re
turned from Biarritz to Brussels because
his presence was needed there, and be
cause public opinion, in view of the po
litical situation on the resumption of Par
liament to-iaorrow, expected him to re
turn.
At the great socialist meeting which was
held here to-night in the Anderlecht
quarter, M. Van der Velde, member of the
Chamber of Deputies and leader of the
socialist movement in Belgium, violently
attacked the position of the Government
on the revision question. He said:
Brutality of the Police.
Except from Huy no reports of ' grave
disturbances have been received. At Huy
the striking quarrymen had an encoun
ter with the gendarmes, in which several
men on both sides were injured. One
gendarme was fatally wounded and an
other escaped by swimming the river.
The Civic Guard formed in cordons
around the Maison du Peuple, and their
sensible attitude kept the crowd in good
humor.
Dispatches received here from the mining
and industrial regions indicate the exis
tence of a serious situation with regard
to the strike. This has even extended to
the textile workers at Ghent.
BRUSSELS, April 14.— The day passed
here in perfect tranquillity. Several meet
ings were held In the suburbs during the
evening. M. Van der Velde and other
socialist leaders made violent speeches
this evening, but order was maintained.
This fact was mainly due to the conspic
uous absence of the police, especially the
gendarmerie, whose excess of zeal has
been the chief cause of collisions during
the past few days.
- .. • /
Although. Socialist Leaders Make
Violent Speeches the Police
•WntTif-ntTi Order at the
Capital, 'v*
Thousands of Men' Engaged
in Many Industries
QuitWork.
— s
DES MOINES, Iowa, April 14.— While
returning home from Highland Park
Methodist Church on the- northern out
skirts of the city last evening Mary Peter
son, 15 years of age, and Thomas Peter
son, aged 11 years, the children of Peter
J. Peterson, a well-to-do dairyman, were
murdered by some unknown person.' The
boy, when found at midnight, was alive
but died within fifteen minutes, not being
able to give a description of his assailant.
The bodies were discovered by a farmer
who overheard the moans of the lad. An
examination revealed that both children
had their heads crushed in.
The police so far are without a clew.
The body of the girl was found at the foot
of a telephone pole in a ditch two feet
deep. She had been criminally assaulted
by her assailant. At the base of the head
she had been hit with .some hard-Instru
ment, resulting in a fracture of the skull.
On the crown of the head there were four
or five indentations. . Not a brick or an
instrument can be found within the re
gion where the murders occurred. The
boy, who was found in the ditch on the
opposite side of the. road, was most cru
elly treated. A full half-dozen indentations
were made in the skull and his face also
showed evidence of being pounded.
The Peterson family consisted of seven
children, four girls and three boys. Two
of the girls now living declare that a
week ago they were chased at the same
spot by a man on their return during the
evening from Highland Park. They are
unable to give a description of the man.
Not far from the scene of the murder are
the Marauisville coal mines, in which
some 200 colored coal miners are employed.
It is the impression of the police that the
murderer was a resident of. Marquisville.
The tracks of two men have been found
leading from the scene and were followed
by the police, but they soon led into a
path where all trace was lost.
Strike Is Extended Even
to Textile Workers
at Ghent.
Police Believe That They
Were Killed by a
Coal Miner.
Brother and Sister Are
Found With Skulls
Crushed.
SITUATION
IN BELGIUM
IS SERIOUS
YOUNG VICTIMS
OF A MURDERER
THE DAY'S DEAD.
We 1 give special attention } to ' prevailing
forms/, and engrave visiting .'cards, ; wed
ding Invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. -Monograms, crests
and address dies made to order. Sanborn,'
Vail & Co.: 741 Market street. 1 ; ;• •
Engraved Cards and "Wedding Invita
' . . .tions.'.:; . • v ¦/¦.¦¦'
' WASHINGTON,; April 14.-President
Roosevelt to-day granted a pardon to Al
fred Plant, 1 - who Is serving^ a- four years'
sentence In Hongkong, China, for robbing
a Chinese pawn shop^while serving as a
soldier in China. Plant and four others
were v convicted of; the ; offense before- a
consular court and were sentenced to four
yearr,'each. The other three men are be
ing transferred to -this- country to com
plete their sentences, but Plant is par
doned because he is- too. ill: to be moved
and the, officials report that he will die if
he continues in prison.,' ....
Pardons a Sick Soldier.
. It was brought out in the course of Sen
ator Clark's testimony that . the United
Verde Copper Company had . opposed a
man named Burns, who .was a candidate
for Sheriff of Yavapal County.. Senator
Clark said that Burns was a -discharged
employe of the company, and that he had
threatened to "get even." When Burns
became » the Republican ¦$ candidate for
Sheriff Clark said he : gave orders that
Munds,,the Democratic candidate, should
be elected .and that the company should
spend any amount of- money that might
be • needed for legitimate campaign ex
penses. , About $10,000 was so spent.
Senator Clark was then excused, in or
der that, he might go to Washington, and
it was arranged that he might: return for
cross-examination later.' :-.
"I never did."
¦ Senator Clark said he made no attempt
to buy Professor Treadwell'a ." stock after
reorganization proceedings -/.'had .been
started. , .. ..-.¦-¦. -. ,
"Did you ever tell Mr. Alaire that you
did . not 'intend to.be annoyed by that
pauper any longer,' referring to Professor
Treadwell?" was asked.-. ...
NEW YORK, April 14.— Senator , W. A.
Clark of Montana was a witness in . the
Supreme Court in this^city to-day in a
suit brought : by Professor George A.
Treadwell against the United, Verde Cop
per Company: and Senator W. A. Clark,
Charles W. Clark and the other directors
of the corporation. . Professor Treadwell
asked that the defendant company and
its directors be enjoined from selling or
disposing of any of its assets until the
judgment of the court shall have been
pronounced; that a receiver for the com
pany be appointed and that an accounting
be made by the defendants before a referee
for the profits of the corporation > since
December, 1888; that the court direct the
sale of the property of the United Verde
Copper Company then remaining, undis
posed of and appoint a referee. to conduct
euch sale, who shall account for it and
pay over the,proceeds, when the plaintiff
is to receive. a proportionate share of the
moneys so found due and a proportionate
share in the/ surplus and assets of the
company. Professor Treadwell claims to
own 620 shares of stock in 'the. company,
which shares, he says, are now valued at
$186,000. He alleges that " he was wrong
fully deprived of his share In the com
pany because he refused to sell. ...
Senator Clark denied that he made
certain threats as to what would be done
if Professor Treadwell refused to agree
to the reorganization -of the. company,
such as was effected in 1900. H.e said that
in 1898 he asked his agent to try arid get
an option on Professor Treadweil's stock,
but nothing came of it. • ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Montana Millionaire De
nies Charge of Prof.
Tread well.
SENATOR CLARK
AS A WITNESS
SAN . RAFAEL. April 14.— The. en
gagement of Miss Miriam Hall of
San Rafael and Charles.H.-Mor
ris, a vineyardist »of Fresno, is
announced. The date of the wed
ding has not been set,, but. it will, occur
Mr. Morris is one of th« best known of
the young men of Fresno. He has been
foremost in the. development of his sec
tion of the. State and is the possessor of
a- magnificent- vineyard near that place.
Miss Hall' is the daughter of Rev. Willys
Hall, rector . of f St. : . Paul's"; Episcopal
Church., She is. a great fayprite here and
is a young lady of many'accomplish
ments. . She is a highly . cultivated musi
cian, has a sweet voice and. plays the vio
lin in a way that has attracted praise
from the "experts. Miss Hall is fond of
tennis, and was at one.tfme the woman
champion of the Pacific Coast.
during the spring or summer.
I SAN - RAFAEL' BELLE WHO , WILL f
• BECOME 'THE BRIDE OF : C. Hv'A
! i MORRIS OF FRESNO. ~ V ; t "¦> ¦ .: "; .'U -I
•CRIPPLE -CREEK. Colo., April; 14.— Dudat
Murphy, C8 yeare .of age. .his * wife, .C 55, and
their sons, William D.. aged \ 24, and GoorRe
H., aged 25. have .died here of pneumonia in
the last two:daysand will -all be burled to
gether: at Colorado • Springs to-morrow. ,
-LONDON, April 11.— King Edward wit
nessed "the production; of ;*Ben Hur"' at
the Drury LaneTh eater to-night from, the
vantage ( ground of i the ) pit.. His < Majesty
had ordered i his box in . the. regular' way,
but; the managers of >¦ the theater i decided
he; would not : enjoy the best view of ; the
chariot race 3 from a regular, box: ' Conse
quently this, afternoon a -big force '> of
workmen . hurriedly r constructed . a luxuri
ous royal box in the center of'the pit.. The
King apparently greatly enjoyed the.play..
He remained throughout , the whole per
formance.\."'c ¦"¦¦•';-¦-¦ -. : .-. '.-".':•'.' , . .- : ;. ,.;'.."' ¦<">>¦
King Enjoys "Ben Hur."
Claims Her Stepfather Was Mentally
• Incompetent When He Made • r
&-: -A : .~^- ¦¦::- ;v.. His Will. ¦.¦.':
NEW, YORK,/ April 14.— A ¦ court ap
pointed to take the testimony in the ac
tion instituted by Edna Wallace Hopper
to break the. will of her stepfather; -the
late Dunsmuir, Is holding, ses
sions In * New " York. " ¦ The
raised by petitioner is. that Dunsmuir was
mentally incompetent at the time he made
his will.* • • •¦'< •• ;
Dr. I Robert Safford . Newton, a - cele
brated alienist,, is an expert' witness for
Mrs.' Hopper. He does not: hesitate to
say that < there will be little or no doubt
proving this part of the case. X
.' The will disposed of ¦ an estate '¦ worth
$9,000,000.- If Mrs.. Hopper wins her share
will be $3.000,000.. • ' . ,
EDNA WALLACE ; HOPPER "* !S; ;
. FIGHTS FOR A
David Maloney.
SAN ANDREAS, April • 14.— David Ma
loney, a pioneer, died here yesterday. He
was owner of the Hawkeye ranch, near
San Andreas. The funeral will take place
to-morrow. v '
SAN DIEGO. Arjril . 14. — Fire originating
from a . gasoline i stove used ¦ by painters " de
stroyed the large home of R. V. and J. M.
I>od*e at the corner of Ash and State streets
late this afternoon. . The house was a land
mark , of - hospitality In San Diego. The ¦ con
tents were burned with the building:. . Ips*
about $S0O0. . ; ¦ V .
? LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 14.-Robert
MacDonald, a vaudeville performer, who
was filling an engagement at a local the
ater, died at St. Mary and Elizabeth Hos
pital to-day after an illness of three, days."
The- body will be sent to San Francisco.
Robert MacDonald.
VALLEJO, April 14.— Charles ,W. Morn-
Ington, ex-clerk to the commandant of
the navy-yard and one of Vallejo's old
est ' residents,' and' who : for forty years
past was employed In various "clerical po
sitions at the navy-yard, died at his home
in' this city on Sunday. x , ,. -
NEW YORK, April 14.— The Dutch West
Indies line steamer Oranje Nassau arrived
to-day from ports in the West Indies and
Spanish ; main. 1 While at Jacmel, Hayti,
on April 5, there was much excitement
owing to. an encounter between the Gov
ernment j troops and a party of revolu
tionists. About 5000 shots were fired, but
only one person, a child, was shot. In
the Interior of the country the revolution
ists have things pretty much their own
way, ' : .; :'*'¦".""'¦ -" "~7 ""'"""•
Exchanged, but, Only a
Child Is Shot. .
More Than Five Thousand Shots Are
GOVERNMENT TROOPS
ENGAGE REVOLXTTIONISTS
The next ranking major general is Gen
eral . Henry C- Corbin, adjutant . general.
Secretary Root would undoubtedly be
willing that General Corbin should oc
cupy the office of commanding general.
The • relations . between the Secretary and
the adjutant general are most cordial.
Major General Arthur MacArthur ranks
after General Corbin. So far as General
Wood Is concerned, his friends say he is
still a young man and will willingly stand
aside/ provided his claims are considered
when he attains the rank of major gen
eral. .. ¦¦¦¦:"
. Major General Brooke is the senior offi
cer, and. he will -succeed General Miles,
providing the latter be retired before
June, .when General. Brooke will be placed
on the retired list. -¦ '¦: ' ¦¦ \: ¦'.'
Gossip is rife in army circles as to the
officer. who will be-named as commanding
general of the army. , Personally the Pres
ident would like -to place Brigadier Gen
eral Wood in this "office. , ,: ,;.rj
General Miles was asked this afternoon
If he would make any statement concern
ing the President's reported, purpose. ': -.:
"I^have. determined to say 'nothing,"
he responded. "I think it advisable not
to discuss - the matter." . '.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 14.— When will
President Roosevelt retire General Miles?
is the one question of the day in the
War Department circles. Secretary. Root
declines to predict. All that authorities
will aay Is that the moment might arrive
to-morrow and : might - not . arrive for a
month. ; President Roosevelt set May 15
as the earliest date when he should act
several weeks ago. So far as the infor
mation to-day shows, nothing
has occurred to bring this date any closer.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
There ¦ Is' • Still ;¦ Some
Guessing Concerning
. Miles.
DATE NOT FIXED
FOR RETIREMENT
DUBOIS, ¦ Pa., ¦- April' 14.— General Man
ager Robinson of the Rochester and Pitts
burg Coal and- Iron Company met Presi
dent Mitchell and the district officers of
ihe United Mine Workers, together .with
delegates from the different mines in this
region, at Punxsatawney to-day In a con
ference lasting five hours." As a result of
the i conference It is generally felt that
within a few . days the strike of the
bituminous miners will be declared off.
None of the parties to the conference
would give out the result of the meeting
further than that an agreement had been
reached. The delegates hurried to their
respective homes after the conference and
at once called mass meetings to be held
to-morrow afternoon. It is reported that
both sides have made concessions.
Owners Have Agreed on
.the Terms.
Belief Exists That the Workers and
STBIKE OF BITTTMINOTJS .
MINERS IS NEAR AT END
GOVERNOR OF HAWAII
WILL NOT BE KEMOVED
Respect and Support of the
. Administration..
Roosevelt Says Dole Is Entitled to the
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The following
official statement was made, at the Whfte
House to-day: . ; .. ->^'
The President, after most careful Investi
gation and hearing as many men as possible,
and hearir.gr from others, has come to the con
clusion that ' Governor Dole's course has been
such. as to. warrant his continuance as Gover
nor of Hawaii anrl entitle blni to the respect
and hearty support of the administration.
The Governor was a caller at the White
House to-day and said he would go to
Boston for a short visit and in about two
weeks would sail for home.
The Senate Committee on Pacific Isl
ands and Porto Rico to-day heard Gov
ernor Dole and other Hawailans on two
bills pending before the committee. Gov
ernor Dole and State Senator George R.
Carter spoke in favor of the bill for tha
apportionment of Senators in Hawaii and
Delegate Wllcox and Edgar Caypless op
posed it. Governor Dole also spoke
against the bill granting right of way
to the Hawaiian Ditch Company, saying
the legislation was unnecessary.
COMMITTEE WTLIi REPORT .
•WITHQTJT RECOMMENDATION
tion of Changing Date of Presi
dential Inauguration.
Members Unable to Agree on Ques-
WASHINGTON, April 14.— A subcom
mittee of the House Judiciary Committee,
consisting of Representatives Littlefield
of Maine, Thomas of Iowa and Clayton
of Alabama, has decided to report back to
the full committee without recommenda
tion the proposition to change the date of
the 'inauguration of the President from
the 4th of March to the last Thursday in
April. This decision was reached after
hearing fully the arguments of thcjse who
have been urging the change. . Differences
of ODinion among the members of the
subcommittee developed during the dis
cussion of the proposition, and the deci
sion to report it back to the full commit
tee without recommendation will leave it
in I the same position it occupied before
reference to the subcommittee was made.
Increasing Pensions.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Senate
Committee on -Pensions to-day ordered a
favorable report on the bill granting In
creases of pensions to -soldiers who have
lost arms, legs or feet. The increase will
be $15 per month each and will increase
the annual pension appropriation bill
$1,300,000. The committee also ordered a
favorable report on a bill Increasing from
$30 to $40 per month the pension of those
who are totally deaf. This will increase
the pension appropriations $2S,000 only.
President Will Appoint Clarkson.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Presi
dent has determined upon the appoint
ment of James S. Clarkson of Iowa to be
Surveyor of Customs of the port of New
York. It also was announced at the
White House to-day that Lieutenant
Sharkey, Naval Officer at New York, will
be reappointed. ¦/. . ." v v
Bolivia and CMle.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, April 14.— The
negotiations for a final . arrangement of
the disputes between Bolivia and Chile
are very far advanced* The Bolivian
Minister here, Senor Aramlo, is going to
Buenos. Ayres to discuss the propositions
with the Bolivian Minister to Argentina,
Dr. Carrillo. .
Fatal Mine Explosion.
DENVER, Colo.. April 14.— A special to
the News from Lake City, Colo., says:
As a result of the premature explosion
of a round of shots in the Lellie mtne
this afternoon Jack McKlnley was killed
and William Moore so badly injured that
it is thought that he will die. Both were
married. . ;.:'.'-"-¦¦
Tannery Is Burned at Arcata.
EUREKA. April 14.— The Thomas Dev
lin tannery at Arcata. twelve miles west
of this city, located on the northern end
of Humboldt Bay, -was burned ¦ to-night.
The loss is. estimated at $50,000. The fire
will throw a hundred men out of employ
ment.
\ WOODLAND, .April 14.— John Luis Kel
logg, a well-to-do " farmer and ' fruit
grower, was: drowned near Rumsey last
night. Kellogg attended' the development
convention held in Woodland on Saturday.
He remained in town over night and left
for home yesterday. ' He did not reach
Humsey until 1 late in . the afternoon, j He
owns a farm and orcfiard on the north
side of Cache Creek'and in going home it
was necessary, for him to ford the creek.
When he reached the bank it was growing
dark and he mistook the/location of the
ford. , ,_ ¦
. -W M; Roberts was near enough to real
ize Kellogg's danger. He tried to attract
the doomed man's attention but failed.
As Kellogg drove into the water Roberts
started toward him, vainly shouting for
help. "When he reached the bank man,,
horse and buggy were nowhere in sight.
They had either been swept down the
stream and out into the darkness, or they
were at the bottom of one of th© many
deep holes cut in the bed of the stream
by the torrent. . (" .- .' ¦ ' >
i Roberts gave the alarm and a searching
party was quickly organized. The search
went on all night and to-day, but neither
the body of the man nor the horse nor
any part of the buggy was discovered.
Kellogg- was 52 years of age and a na
tive of Missouri. He came to California
about seven years ago.
Fruit Grower, Is Drowned
in .Cache Creek.
John Luis Kellogg, a Capay Valley
MISSES THE FORD AND
HIS LIFE PAYS THE FORFEIT
— The' advisory committee, of which" Lieu
tenant General Schofleld was chairman,
reported the following had submitted de
signs best adapted for the respective sites
selected: Henry Merwyn Shrady. Charles
Henry Niehaus, the sculptor associated
with Henry Bacon, the architect; J. Mas- t
sey- Rhind,; with Bright & Bacon, archi
tects ; ' Charles A. Lopez and F. G. R.
Roth,- with Henry Hornbostel, architect;
Waldo Story,- Burr C. Miller.
• ."Of- these \ six," the report . of the ad
visory committee stated, "the committee
finds, subject: to slight modification of de
tail,, the design of Mr. Shrady to be first
in intrinsic merit." .
.; Henry . Merwyn Shrady and;; Charles
Henry Niehaus, both of New ;Ybrk, have
been ; officially ; requested by the Grant
Memorial Commission to execute models
four, feet in height for the equestrian
group of General Grant. This action is
the result of a careful examination of the
.various designs submitted by the leading
sculptors and architects throughout the
country: - • •:' : . .
': CA"LL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 14.— Douglass
Tilden.the talented. San Francisco sculp
tor, who competed for the Grant eques
trian memoriar monument, has been dis
appointed . in ' his ambition.'. ;
¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interest in the Cuban reciprocity debate
in the House s seems to be waning, judged
by the attendance on the floor to-day, out
the earnestness of the speeches on both
sides of the question increase rather than
decrease in intensity. That the Republi
can opponents of the bill are determined
to prolong the struggle as much as pos
sible was made manifest to-day by tiieir
refusal to allow speeches to be printed
in the Record. THe speakers to-day were
McCall of Massachusetts and Brantley of
Georgia for the measure, and Robertson
of Louisiana and Stevens of Minnesota
against it. Robertson of Indiana opposed
Cuban annexation on the ground that it
would threaten the welfare of 'the i Amer
ican wage-earner. ,
The conference report on the postoffice
appropriation bill was adopted early in
the day, after some criticism of the pneu
matic tube provision.
Loage gave notice of : an amendment
striking ! out . the clause prohibiting the
employment of Chinese sailors on Ameri
can ships.
Teller briefly responded to Foraker, urg
ing that the right to abrogate treaties
was fully recognized.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— The Chinese
exclusion ' bill occupied the attention of
the Senate throughout to-day. - Foraker
of Ohio and McLaurin. of South Carolina
making extended speeches in opposition.
Foraker contended that the pending meas
ure was violatlve of our treaty with China
and was calculated to prevent our com
mercial expansion in the Far East. "While
strongly supporting the policy . of the
Government to exclude Chinese laborers,
the Ohio Senator maintained that thi3
could best be accomplished • by an ex
tension of the present law, holding that
the drastic provisions of the pending bill
would cut off. our cotton trade with China
and thus wreck the cotton industry of
the South. : "
Amendment to Be Made Strik
ing- Out Clause Relating
to Sailors.
Charles Henry Niehaus
> : Win First Honors.
Henry Merwyn Shrady. and
Chinese Treaty May
Be Violated.
Senators Who Pear the
Noted San Francsco
¦} Mute . Is Beaten by
-New Yorkers. '
SCULPTOR TILDEN
IS DISAPPOINTED
ARGUE AGAINST
EXCLUSION BILL
FAIR MUSICIAN ENGAGED
TO LEADING VINEYARDIST
Young Lady, to Marry C. H. Morris of J Fresno.
Miss " Miriam Hall, an Accomplished San Rafael
THE SA"N ; FKAKCISCq. C^ 1902.
5
Sin Prtfldsco, Toeidiy, 15 April, 1902.
Foldms: Bed, $17.00;
The above pictured' bed- is made in two styles—
with mirror top, as shown, and without mirror..
Both styles come in two finishes- — oak, with quarter-
ed oak paneled front and finished a* rich golden
brown — and birch, with real mahogany paneled front,
highly polished. Size of bed when open, 6 feet 2
inches long, by 4 feet in width. Equipped with
genuine National woven wire spring, -with patent
folding attachment. . _
Price of either finish with French , plate mirror,
12 by 20 inches, $37.00. Price of either finish
without mirror, $33 .00.
These are busy days in our carpet store, but it's
not surprising as long as we continue to. set , the .
44 price pace." Yes, we are still seeing Axminsters-
at $1.00, and " Roxbury M Tapestries at 75 cents.
Both prices include sewing, lining and laying.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.). \
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOTJNP.
Paine's Celery Compound
GREAT SPRING MEDICINE.
While It Drives Ont tiie Seeds of
. Deadly Diseases It Quickly
Builds Up Flesh and
Muscle.
A Truly Wonderful Restoration
After Failures With Other
Remedies.
M8.R.J.PATrEgS0Nsays:
"I Owe My Life to the Wonderfn! and
Speedy Curative Powers of Paine's
Celery Compomid."
Thousands of families to-day mourn tha
?css cf near and dear ones, -who, when
sickness first came upon them, were
forced to use other medicines instead of
the great disease banisher. Paine's Celery
Compound.
We earnestly appeal to the relatives
and friends of the suffering to break
away from the bondage of medical eti-
ciuette and dictation in order that the
suffering ones may have a surer and hap-
pier hope of a new life.
The one remedy known to medicine that
can bring vigor, strength and permanent
health to the weak, run down, rheumatic,
neuralgic, dyspeptic and those burdened
with kidney and liver troubles, blood dis-
eases and derangements of the digestive
organism is Dr. Phelps' great medical
prescription, Paine's Celery Compound-.
"Weak, run down, sleepless and de-
spondent men and women will find in-
spiration and comfort in the following
letter written by Mr. K. J. Patterson of
Sheridan ville, Pa., who was fully restored,
to the blessings of life after use of the
great medicine that truly "makes sick
people well." Mr. Patterson say3:
"I was greatly troubled with insomnia
and felt as tired in the morning as whea
I went to bed. I finally lost my appetit*.
and could not bear to even look at food.
I was so weak that I almost despaired of
getting well again. ' Before I had used
one bottle of Paine'3 Celery Compound
I felt like a new man. ~Hy brain has be-
come clear, my sleep refreshing and my
appetite excellent. I now »find work a
pleasure instead of a burden. I owe my
life to the wonderful and speedy curative
powers of Paine's Celery Compound."
i _ . — ; — _ .
IHlVnvn T1VCC True to name and color.
UlAfllUiiU UltJ Nothing can equal them.
We're After a Monopoly
Of the Laundry work of particular peopla
In this city, and we're going to have it
if best work and perfect methods will
bring about such a result.
Try one bundle here for the results ws
| Sive.
No saw edges. . s
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSN.
Office 1OO4 Market Strest.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave,
Oakland Water-Froht Property.
A splendid buy. Large value now. A
grand Investment for the future, nearly
one thousand feet of frontage on Brook-
lyn Basin.
FOR $5O,OOO,
1 With the Best of Railroad Facilities.
The Place Where Water and RaU Meet.
APPLY TO THE
E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
1O16 Broadway. Oakland, or
Room 32, Second Floor, Mills .Building.
*<... .SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
i * visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
I I . C|) 1051 K15XST SS. tot 6i iTX S.T.CoL ( |
CJ v The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
!. »?3iSPi *«*« P»"'«*»»'ly«r«>i by the oldest
G /KM* I i P ecilliit OQ Ihe Coist. £st 3« years. t )
a flf3$* I DH. J08DAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ fejM^Jl Consultation free nd KiicJly prirate. \
9 i J&«L 0 Treatment personally or by l-ttet. A a
\ I r lltl ¦/*•<«»• CW* in erery case undertaken. \
A til A Writs for B(xH,PHILO«lOPnl«f A
Y » J It BlnilMGK, MAILBO FRSZ. ( A T
¦A V»- <> valuable book for mrn) \
Y DR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 _Vart?t St.S. P. 9
Dfi. HALL'S REINVIGORATORft^ra
Stops all losses tn 21 hours. Five A«i^?P
hundred reward for any case we '• SUB - BnEli
• cannot cure. This secret rem- ] ¦ - il
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. RJM SCrfi
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, f5^" T**n
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- iJU. - ijvj
hood and all other wasting ef- t «*3 i i SB
fecta ot self-abuse or excesses. %*tfte5lZa
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to - cure any case. Call ' or •' address ' orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
way. , Oakland. • Cat Also for sale at 1073)4
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book. .
the Weekly Call
J$l per Year.
I G E R.E-A. L,
H i^$*°fV 1 - .^California figs and. prunes o
¦§•¦'" mrjir i com .^ ne^ with selected M
H ifaiG^ll^ 3^ I grain by our special process ||
' I makes a delicious Cereal fl
10^ j^f^^r 6 Coffee, rich in nutriment H
¦ ¦ - - '"''- .."¦ '-*• •¦ - y^^/^Y • ' B and pleasingf to the taste. r!
..¦¦" -JBL if I AsK Yo\ir Grocer M
<^Sgj|^&*^^ J for a Sample HSo many. New York families live in flats and change
residences every year that Vdealer in that : city is* said
to be doing, a" good business selling handsomely, illu
minated cards bearing/ the .words; "God ; bless our.
Special; information supplied dally to
business houses and : public men by 1 the
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •-
\Townsend's, California glace fruit, EOc a
pound; in' fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friendst
C39 Market st. Palace Hotel building. •
CaL;, glace fruit SOc per lb at Townsend's.*.
Assembly amendment No. 28 is a very ingenious
scheme for giving the corporations and their hench
men control ; of the State, -but for one reason or an
other not -a ''single one' of the schemers dares to de
fend it. in public/ . : .
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend's.*
Oakland Has discovered another freak of municipal
life." He is a; gentleman whdiritends to go to jail.to
help the lawyers test a law in the courts. This seems
to be-something even more serious than taking one's
life in his hands." . ¦ ' ,
j THE CABINET-f Reader, City. \.The fol
lowing named are the . members of Presi
dent Roosevelt's Cabinet: "John Hay, Sec
retary of State ; ¦ Lyman J. ; Gage, Secre
tary of . the .Treasury ; | ElihU -Root. 1 Secre
tary of War; Philander C. Knox, Attorney
General; Henry C. Payne.Postmaster Gen
eral ; .' W." v H.I Moody; , Secretary of .the
Navy ; . Ethan ? A. ; Hitqhcock, Secretary of
the . Interior ; :.' James Wilson, -Secretary '¦. of
Agriculture. 'The members: of ;\hei Cabi
net 'form" an ' advisory . conference. 'They
hold office' at j the 'will 'of the President,
and ¦ administer ' - their.'. ; functions": under
his directi'on*and ,with immediate responsi
bility to him. -/They, are held to administer
in their respective departments theexecu
tive, control " which the laws ¦'. vest " In \ the
President. Thus 'their ¦¦ functions are; of
high ? importance and ~ honor. ,-.¦ They meet
steadily, or as summoned by the President
; in ; advisory,^ conference, but they are not
an ; executive council," and the President is
not legally^boundUo': ask lor, follow;, their
advice. This department has^ot the space
to give In' detail' the . duties : of each"mem
ber of the Cabinet./,
' /Certain Democratic would-be leaders have declared
themselves .very- much pleased with what Roosevelt
said at Charleston about the : trust, but it is ' a safe
prediction r that -if they should try to formulate a reso
lution to that effect ' in a Democratic caucus there
would be.' another split in the party. ; ¦¦ :^V.
A' representative denizen of • Modoc County, who
has escaped from the locality into civilization, :'says
that affairs there have gone back into their old groove
and the people feel that at least they were adver r
tised by the lynching trials. . He might have added
that a community whioh has lost all sense of its own
infinite shame has in truth "reached the lowest depth
of degradation.. ¦; . ; 'V - _ ¦ .
EDWIN MARKHAM— W. N., City. Ed
win Markham; poet , and editorial writer,
was born in Oregon City, Or., April 23,
1852; son of Samuel and Elizabeth (Winch
ell) Markham. iWhen'5, years of age he
was taken to California and inhis young
er days he was a cattle and sheep herder
and also worked at blacksmithing. Dur
ing his boyhood , days he earned his way
through. the common schools," San Jose
Normal School and Santa' Rosa College.
He made a. special study of ancient and
modern literature, also Christian \ sociol
ogy. ¦'-".,-. He married Annie Catherine Mur
phy in. 1897. \ He was at one time a teacher,
then principal of a school and then ¦super
intendent I of. schools in Calif ornia: 'From
boyhood days he showed an aptitude for
writing for the press . and periodicals, and
contributed much , while in Los Angeles
to ' the ,• California papers. His writings
were recognized . by the Eastern maga
zines . as of the -highest merit. He re
mained in California until 1899. -? when.- he
went to '.the ' State ' qf New York ' and is
now a' resident " of ' Brooklyn. •
It would appear from these reportsthat about' the
only legislation on the subject to be expected at this
The difficulty in the way of action seems to have
arisen from the conflict between the supporters of the
Nicaragua route, and that of Panama. The struggle
between I the: two parties' may -make a orolonged: de
bate, and it is to avoid such a contingency that a
considerable number of Senators who are interested
in other measures are willing to postpone the canal
question to the next session, or, possibly, to the, next
ConVress. : „
Against that view, is the statement that Senator
Morgan and other uncompromising supporters of
the Hepburn bill will make a strong fight to raise the
question at once. So, too, Senator Allison is reported
to have stated recently that he has no doubt'that the
Senate will adopt some definite legislation concern
ing the canal at this session. - \.
REPORTS from Washington concerning the
outlook, for the passage of the isthmian canal
bill at this session of Congress are contra
dictory, and by no. means reassuring to the hopes of
those who expected to see the great work under
taken in earnest. According to one statement the
Republican steering committee- of the Senate has :
virtually decided to postpone all consideration of the
measure until the next session, but according to an
other, some' of the most influential Republicans in
the Senate have declared that the issue will by no
means be postponed: ¦ ..
One of the reasons given for the belief that the
bill will be postponed is the known desire of at least,
six members of the steering committee to give the'
Philippine civil government bill, the Cuban reciproc
ity bill, the river, and harbor bill and the various sup--
I'ly bi!ls precedence overall other'measures, and it is
said that course will compel a postponement of the'
canal bil;, unless the session should be greatly pro
longed.
THE CANAL OUTLOOK'
WATER RIGHTS— G. F. M., Lone Pine,
Cai. If you complied with all the require
ments in. regard to certain water rights
you would have the advantages of a first
appropriator, but if .you used " water for
thirty years without having complied with
such requirements that would ' not give
you any standing. . If you believe that
you are right and some one else is seek
ing to prevent you from using water as
you : have been doing in the. past your
remedy is an action in court,' when your
rights will be determined upon the evi
dence. ' This ; department does not give
legal decisions on ex parte statements.'
MARRIAGE— P. S., Martinez, Cal. Par
ties divorced in California may go at" any
time within a year after the decree to the
State of Washington 1 and there remarry,
but it is not yet certain if such a mar
riage would be legal. There has been one
decision which upholds such marriages on
the ground that a marriage that is valid
in another State or country is valid in this
State, while the other decision is against
it, on the ground that 'going to another
State to marry is an evasion' of the law of
California,' which inhibits a divorcee from
marrying within a year after the decree.
LEAKY ROOF— N. Y. S..- City. If you
occupy a house the roof .of which leaks
and the landlord has not had the matter
properly attended to, and by reason of
such leak your carpets and furniture have
been damaged, you have a right to de
mand the amount of damage ' frpm the
landlord, and if he does not satisfy your
demand you have the, right to commence
an action against him.
Mrs. William B.' Good© entertained
twenty of her friends ' Saturday , evening.
April -12, .- at her : residence, 832 Haight
street. ¦ . ' ¦'¦ ,. .
Mrs.' Pullman Is ; again the guest of
Mrs. Frank Carolan.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Forbes are at
Paso.Robles. . " .
• ¦•¦•_. . *' . ¦ • . ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Guggenheim leave
to-day for : Europe, where they will * re
main two years.
Miss ;Bertha has gone "to New
York;- -' ' •" ;"'^----^-V •' ' r«, - . ¦ -r -, ' — :.--
The wedding-day of LUy Oelrichs and
Peter Martin is again set— and definitely
this time, it is believed— for. July 7. The
many obstacles have finally been over
come by the devoted lovers, and' the wed
ding" will * take place at Newport. • Mr.'
and . Mrs. /Walter: S. ¦¦ Martin • will .. return
from abroad in - time for the marriage.
and-Mrs.- Eleanor: Martin will go on. from
here'.'. - - " . " . ". ' .
• • *
, : Mr. . and Mrs. ¦ Frank E.' House are' on
their way East in their private car Min
nesota. Cv"? * -
Miss Celia" Tobin and William F. Lin
coln were quietly married yesterday at
the Hotel St. Nicholas. Miss Tobin is the
daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. J. F.
Tobin of Vallejo. ,* ';-¦-' :'•;<: ' ¦ ¦¦ "
* , • • ¦ ¦ •
Mrs. Oscar F. Long was tendered a
farewell luncheon by her mother, Mrs.
Isaac Requa, last week. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. .William Wood, Mrs.
A. N. Towne, Mr. and Mrs. Mark Requa.
Mr. and Mrs. George AI McNear.Sr., Cap
tain and Mrs. Barneson, Mr. and Mrs.
Carolan. Colonel and; Mrs. Long and Mr.
and Mrs.-Requa.* •.-¦-¦-:-. ¦ :'
Mrs. John Lawrence gave a pretty tea
complimentary to Mrs. Margaret j Drake
of England on Friday last. The . artistic
decorations comprised daffodils- and
marguerites. The drawing-rooms . were
especially attractive and the guests were
charmingly entertained. Mrs. Lawrence
was assisted in receiving by Mrs. Frank
Payne of Berkeley, Mrs. J. S. Eastman,
Miss Coey. Miss Emily Coey, Miss Wool
and Miss Hattie Wool. ¦ ~-^
• • •
Miss Sophia Pierce and Dr. E. E.
Brownell were guests of honor at a most
enjoyable dinner given by Dr. Hertzstein
on Sunday j evening. . The decorations
were spring blossoms arranged ' with
pleasing effect. Those present were: Mrs.
Towne, Mr. and Mrs. Worden, Mrs. Leon
Parrott, Miss Daisy Parrott, Miss Marie
Louise Parrott, Miss Margaret Salisbury,
Miss King, Mr. Worden, Mr. Samuel
Boardman, Mr. Danforth Boardman and
Mr. Stevens.
Angel Island was materially bright.
ened yesterday. by a happy little party
from the city entertained by .. Captain
Finley. -The affair was in honor of the
officers who are leaving for, the Philip
pines on the. transport Sheridan. The
host and guests enjoyed a delightful; af
ternoon. Those present were: Mrs. C. P.
Robinson, Miss Katheryn Robinson, Miss
Elsa Sperry," Miss Alice Herrin. Mis3
Catherine Herrin, Miss Elizabeth Foulke,
Miss Talka Williar, Miss Taylor and Jo
seph . Rosborough.
. SILVER— W., Helena, Mont. According
to published statistics of ¦ the amount , of
silver "produced In' the United States and
deposited at mints and assay offices from
their organizations to June 30, 1901, it ap
pears that California produced $4,514,214 90
and Nevada $105,700,366 80.
The influence of a harmonious convention will
stimulate and inspire all loyal Republicans. It will
revive the spirits of the old stalwarts and veterans of
the party and quicken the ardor of young Republicans
so that they will open the campaign with vim and
vigor and carry it on with a- rush from the primaries
to election day. That fact appears to be well under
stood by the great gathering at San Jose. The efforts
of the bosses to win a factional success at the risk of
giving rise to dissensions willfindno encouragement
from any considerable number of the delegates. It is
to be a convention whose watchword will be: "Every
thing for Republicanism and nothing for faction,"
and in the same spirit the great host of loyal Repub
licans throughout California will hail its proceedings
with satisfaction, and enter upon the task of making
the campaign a walkover and the election a clean
sweep. . . >_,\y
Fortunately,* as we have said, the outlook for the
San Jose convention is bright with promise of har
mony. That there -will be differences of opinion on
minor questions is of course to be expected, but upon
the vital issues of the time the? thousands of dele
gates at the convention should be as one. They have
met to represent the Republican clubs of the State,
and the ciubs have no other object than to promote
Republican success. They were not organized to help
nor to hinder the aspirations or ambitions of any par-',
ticular candidate or set of candidates. Their one po
litical devotion is to Republicanism, and their one de
sire is to promote the harmony and the unity of pur
pose that will carry the whole party united ipto the
field when the campaign opens, and every voter to!
the polls on election day.
With Gage and his gang eliminated from the field
there is every assurance of a sweeping and easy Re
publican victory in this State — a victory that will
carry the Congressional and the county tickets as well
as the State ticket It is a Republican year, for Re
publican prosperity prevails throughout the country,
and the opponents of protection and sound money
are demoralized and divided. Nothing, therefore, can
defeat the Republican party in California except the
capture of the party conventions by those notorious
bosses arid railroad tools, whom the people know well
and whose candidates they will not support.
The only danger that menaces Republicanism in
California at this juncture is the avowed determina
tion of the bosses to procure the renomination of
Gage, and the secret and underhand tactics employed
by the corporations to bring about the adoption of
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 28. It was
at one time the intention of Billy Herrin and his
gang to make an effort to obtain from the league con
vention an indorsement" of Gage's candidacy. The
outburst of protest from the Republican 'press of the
State and from the rank and file of stalwart Republi
cans has served to warn the more intelligent bosses
of the folly of 'such an attempt. The indorsement of
Gage would have no other effect than that of disclos
ing the power of the bosses, and so far from helping
Gage's candidacy it would rouse genuine Republicans
to more earnest efforts to defeat him in the State
HARMONY amorg the representative Republi
cans now in convention at San Jose will have
a potent effect in developing a like spirit
among the rank and file of the party throughout the
State. On the other hand any discord or -dissension
there-will have 1 a -tendency to rouse a factional spirit
everywhere. To the convention,- therefore, the party
looks with expectation, and it is gratifying that the
proceedings of yesterday give every assurance that
from the convention there will flow a thousand in
fluences to unite and encourage the party, and not
one to divide or, dismay it
RIX-DOLLAR— C. S.. City. Rlx-dollar
is a name for a : silver coin in different
countries 'and of different 'values. It is a
corruption of the German term reiche
thaler, dollar -of -the empire.
HARMONY AT SAN JOSE.
ENTERTAINMENT
FOR DEPARTING
ARMY OFFICERS
Thomas D. McKay of Yokohama, an
official of the Pacific [ Mail Steimshlp
Company, is registered at thV Occidental.
Lewis D. Wallensteln, manager of the
furnishing goods department of S. N.
Wood & Co., has gone to New York in
the intereats.ot; the firms. Before*return
ing Mr. Wallenstein ' wilt", visit
phia, Baltimore and Washington,. He.ex
pects to be gone about six. weeks. ..:
Calif ornians in New York. '
NEW YORK, April 14.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— D. J. Bassett. Imperial; E. P.
Brinegar, Manhattan; W. R. Castner.
Victoria; F. J. Colbert, Earlington; L.
Dow, Astor House; D. Einstein, Imperial;
G. M. Fairchild, Grand Union; G. Martin
and wife, Bartholdi; A. Meertief, Plaza
Hotel; P. Lamb and wife, Navarre; H.
F. Marsh, Gllsey House. From Los Ange
les—F. N. Pattee, Amsterdam; . N. G.
Douglas. Broadway Central. From Oak
land — Miss M. Sheppard, .•Cosmopolitan-;
H. M. Barry, Herald Square.
A CHANCE TO S3HLE.
Little Dennis O'Toolahan (day after
Christmas) — I know where Santa Claua
lives! He comes from Ireland. He' 3 got
a brogue just loike my Uncle Pat's!
Little August Pumpernickel— Ober; nit,
Santa Claus is a big fat German, vat can
talk German just as good like mine lad
der.—Brooklyn Eagle. '. ' "V . ' ¦ C- .-. >V
Rubberton— May I .• inquire what your
business is, stranger? v£ v *•>*¦* . .
Stranger (haughtilyj-^ir, I'ni~ a gentle^
man. •• :¦ . -'. -,¦_
' Rubberton— Well, I reckon that's a good
business, stranger; but you're not the
only man that's failed at iL— Chicago
News.
"What did the doctor say was th* mat
ter with you, dear?"
"He said it was gout."
"Gout, my love! , Isn't that splendid!
Why, you must be a genius, you know."
— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Father,, I have determined to becom*
a newspaper publisher."
. "My dear boy, what do you meanf* s . ;
¦ "I mean that I have just read : that
Mr. Bryan made 530,000 out of the. Com
moner this year." •.'-- '• "- •¦-*.
"So could you, my dear boy, "With, - th*
same amount of free advertialni."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer. :*•"; '
"Smiggins. thinks pretty -well of hla
voice, doesn't he?"
"Yes; but; it's jnst about got to the
point where he'll have to choose between
his voice and his friends."— Manfla'Crl tic;
The committee of one hundred meets
the brother of his brother. ; > -.*; :
"Welcome, princely sir. welcome to our
shores. How is your august brother?'
¦ Prince Henri— Oxcoose me. Meln brudeo
is not August, he is Vilhelm. * August Is
my wife's bruder.
Then .the procession moves up to th«
Waldorf.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.' ''--s* ; i
"Do you think It .was Just the. thing t«
sit so near, that Mr. Huggina on the sof»
last night. Mildred?" .; ,
"Oh. well, mamma,, he was only giving
me an idea how. warm.lt "waA ia Florida
while he was there." , ,
"Qh, indeed! "Was it as close- as that?**
— Yonkers Statesman.- — . ¦.
Pearl— I. see where some philanthropist
is going N to run a few drugstores for the
purpose of giving free medicine to * th«
poor. . ' ; ....¦'.¦'
Ruby— Gracious! . I wonder if they will
have a gratis soda counter, attached.—Chi
cago News.' . ' :---"• -
First Tramp— Tou orter see Bill roin'
over de fence wit* de bull after -him. - .
Becond Tramp— Must have been wurth
lookin* at. • . -
First Tramp— Say I It wuz'de only time
£ ve^, seen hixa wh en-he didn't look tired.
"•~Jt UCK. BEjMJsK l Wsfflsrtirf'^W^A*ilfaf#TOHWisifsrf
An Artist Needs Thousands
Of different things in his studio. . Being
agents for "Wlnsor & Newton we'ean sup
ply every • want. Also pyrograpfcy outfits
and wooden and leather articles to burn.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
All of those facts are going to be brought out dur
ing the debate. , .The Republican party is going to
have an object lesson on the folly of tariff tinkering,
and it is to be hoped the leaders of the House /will
profit by it. ' .
-Equally futile will be the plea that the adoption of
the bill will not be. injurious to the sugar and the to
bacco growers of the United States. That sort of
argument has been, he^rd too often.from themouths
of free traders and the advocates of tariff for revenue\
only, and has been tco completely refuted not only
by Republican arguments, but by. the experience of
the Wilson' tariff, for it to have any convincing power
with the mass of genuine protectionists. During the
hearings on the bill in committee that argument was
used, b.ut the representatives of the Grange
and of other associations of. farmers frankly refused
to admit' its validity. -They claimed for farming in
terests as full protection as is given to other interests,
and.the claim is not to be' disputed.
Even as it is, with* a divided party, the Democrats
of the Hou$e will be able to put the Republicans in
an equivocal position on the" tariff question, should
the Cuban bill be adopted.' 'It will not be .easy to
explain to farmers why agricultural interests should
be exposed to foreign competition, while manufactur
ing industries are carefully guarded. The plea>that
the bill must be'passed because\of our moral obliga
tions to Cuba will not deceive the common sense of
the people The United States, by establishing the
independence of Cuba, providing for a stable govern
ment and securing the blessing of peace to the island,
has given the Cubans all. the opportunities for pros
perity they have any, right to expect. The mainte
nance of their industries should be left to their own
energies, and not be. made dependent upon our
charity. <¦
In this juncture it is fortunate for the Republican
party that the Democrats are demoralized and divided
even on the tariff question. Were they united the
opening that has been given by the introduction of
this bill and its support by a majority of the Repub
licans of the House would enable them to make an
attack with such success as would lead up to a pro
longed agitation for a revision of the tariff as a
whole. Having seen one reciprocity scheme adopted,,
to the injury of thefarmers, they- could go before the
country this fall and make a strong and possibly a
winning fight for further reductions'.
/"^ HOULD the expectations of Washington be
realized, the debate' on the Cuban reciprocity
bill in the House this week will give the coun
try a striking illustration' of the danger of making
any opening whatever in the solid wall of protection
which now guards Ariierican industries. The debate)
it is said, is "to proceed withput rule," arid conse
quently the Democrats intend to offer a large number
of amendments, with a view to preparing the way for
further reductions of. protective duties. The amend
ments will doubtlessbe defeated, but none the less
the logic of the argument will be with the men who
ask why duties should be reduced on great agricul
tural staples like sugar and tobacco, and not on other
articles as well. ' "
TINKERING WITH THE' TARIFF.
TUESDAY ...................APRIL 15, i°°2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
kiinta All CeeniwiieaticM to W. 8. LKAKB, *»^*^_^
I'LBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Tlilrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With tiic Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sfnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Poataeei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
D ADLT CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months 1. 50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63c
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50"
WTCFK1..Y CALL. One Year 1.00
?II postmaster* are authorised to rreelTe
subscriptions.
6*mple ccples will be forwarded when requested.
llsll subscribers In ordering; change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAivLAAD OFFICES 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xicfgcr Fereigs Airertliiag, Xarqnette Bnilding, Chiciga,
iLoce Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAItLTO.V . . Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX n. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
Ebermss House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern HoteJ;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAXCH OFFICES— -827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tinttl 8:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
8:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence during: the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to tbelr new
stddresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Tbla paper will also be on sale at all summer ;
resorts and fa represented by a local agent in
all towns on (he coast. > .--. .':• ¦
" There is a report in New York that Carnegie has
given favorable consideration to a plan of the Phil
harmonic Society to erect in that city a music hall
with a seat'rg capacity of 40,000 persons . in the
auditorium j.nd a stage ample enough to accommo
date a chorus of 15,000. Such a colosseum would be
more notable for its size than for. its fitness for good
music, and in t the end would probably be converted
into a hippodrome.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HERR 'ANSCHUTZ-KAMPFE of Vienna has praptically
completed his plans for the most remarkable of Arctic
explorations, in .which he will actually attempt to reach
the north pole by means of a submarine boat, says the
New. York .World. • • :
It was: Herr Anschutz-Kampfe who invented the boat and
he is very hopeful of success. \ ,
..When the Austrian scientist first brought his project be
fore, the Geographical Society assembled at Vienna, a year
ago, it was looked upon as visionary. One objection after an
other was raised, and there were many who regarded the idea
as simply preposterous. -
Herr Anschutz-Kampfe, however, like Columbus, . was con
vinced of the feasibility of his idea and he did nor give up be
cause scientific men thought unfavorably Of it.
/.. By applying first to one capitalist and then to another, by
the hardest kind of work, backed by the greatest amount of
determination, he. has at last succeeded in raising the neces
sary capital to build his submarine vessel.
&j He first brought his scheme to the attention of the Impe
rial Geographical Society, through which he was brought in
contact with men of great wealth. Among those who helped
him were the Archduke Ranier, Leopold Salvator, Baron Ator,
aide-de-camp to the Emperor; Field Marshal Grober and Gen
eral'Prince Windisch-Graetz. -
The explorer also obtained Government aid for his venture.
The boat is now awaiting the finishing touches at Wil
helmshaven, Germany,' and the crew of daring navigators, five
in number, who will risk their lives for the sake, of glory are
ready to go aboard whenever, the summons comes.
While 'the Idea of reaching the pole by a submarine route
Is not original with Herr Anschutz-Kampfeji he is the first to
seriously undertake the. building of a boat designed for the
purp6se. , , r _
Jules Verne, in. "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the
Sea," long ago outlined the submarine north pole scheme, and
other men since, notably Albert Riedel of Baltimore, have dis
cussed the project seriously.- Riedel was a, friend of Nansen,
Stanley, Wissman and other explorers. .' ¦¦' ¦ .
Anschutz-Kampfe's boat is seventy feet long and twenty
feet in diameter and looks not unlike an egg.
; The outer hull and the framework of the craft are of steel.
The boat Is made especially for supporting a great compressive
weight of water. -'¦¦. "i
The average depth to which v - the submarine boat will de-
PERSONAL MENTION,
"I do not consider Anschutz-Kampfe's scheme at all feasi
ble. The' submarine boat proposition is not even worked out
sufficiently well at home— under the best conditions— to think
of trying to reach the pole by its means. When a submarine
boat can go j more than 1000 miles in our own waters I shall
look for some such achievement— not before. It is,' for one
thing, a matter of fuel. That problem has first to be . solved.
Moreover, the conditions of the ice below the surface are not
known. Off Spitzbergen is. a very dangerous place to experi
ment." ¦¦'¦¦¦ ' . * . . ¦¦ * .
Almert Brldgeman of the Arctic Club said, "I do not think
very much of the submarine scheme." . .'... . . .
'In order to obviate this difficulty it was necessary for'ths
submarine explorer to. select a place in the Arctic seas free
from the large Icebergs. This point lies off Spitsbergen and. is.
about 600 miles from the pole. Here the ice, according, to Nan
sen, is about thirty feet in average thickness, seldom .more
than that. -
From Spitzbergen to the pole the iqe is not one solid sheet,
but is broken up every four or five miles by crevices. . './¦
Herr Kampfe's boat will contain sufficient compressed air
to remain under water fifteen hours. At its speed of threa
miles an hour.it will make in that • time, barring accidents,
forty-five miles. . ¦ • . ..
Arctic experts in this country have been asked" for ex
pressions of opinion on the submarine plans. . ' . M- „."
Albert White Vorse, who was a member of the Peary re
lief expedition of 1892, said: f . *. . - 1 :.
"Anschutz-Kampfe' a plan is just not preposterous. The
depth of the lea north of Spitzbergen is not very great,
never more than eighty-five or ninety feet, and as his boat
can go to a depth of 160 feet and can remain down fifteen houra,
there is a ghost of a chance of his reaching" the pole. Every
thing in polar navigation has been tried— balloons and ships —
why not the submarine?" ! ; = . ¦ .•:
Frederick A.' Cook, M.D., author of "Through th© First
Antarctic Night," who has organized' -several Arctic and
Antarctic expeditions, said: <?
scend is 160 feet, though her owner does not think she will, be
required to navigate at this depth for any greats length; or
tline. ¦-, 4» •" -¦• " -'¦':
When the submarine project was first mooted It was point
ed out that Anschutz-Kampfe would be required, to.
under a large iceberg, to go to a depth of several hundred feet.
An iceberg which projects 100 feet above the surface of the
water '.'draws" 600 feet of water.
HERR ANSCHUTZ-KAMPFE, AN AUSTRIAN SCIENTIST, THE EGG-SHAPED CRAFT HE HAS INVENTED.
ANt> A MAP SHOWING HIS PROPOSED JOURNEY UNDER THE SEA WITH FIVE COMPANIONS IN"
AN 'ATTEMPT 'TO REACH THE NORTH POLE.
When its dreams come true and it is in power, as
it may easily be, it will be our first experience with
the representation of one interest, one class, if you
please, in the government. Students of civics will
contemplate the scene with interest,' and history will
get ready a new page to be over-written with the
story of a novelty in government.
It must not be forgotten that the labor leaders have
been training in administration. The management of
some of the vast federations requires as much genius
of leadership as has been shown in any matter by
anybody in the history of the republic. The elements
they must control are crude and stiff-necked. They
are gathered from the ends of the earth, and a ma
jority of them are not trained under our institutions,
or indeed under any institutions that teach men self
discipline. This vast mass of men is consolidated, and
it has never- yet happened that such a consolidation
has abstained from attempting to gain political power.
There be those who shudder at the prospect of such
attempt here. But shuddering will not avert, nor
temper its use of what it gains. So it may easily come
to pass that the country will look with gratitude and
confidence to the leaders of this consolidation to pre
vent its intoxication from its first taste of power.
Henry George was too early. Had he survived tie
would have to-day moved through the States' as a
king making progress through his provinces.
i J Present conditions.: are evidence that forces once in
action, .and affecting" the material condition of men,
cannot be arrested. , Be they. harmful or helpful, like
a ferment they must work until they are spent or the
material oh which they feed is exhausted.
In a popular Government all differences must be
finally thrashed out, and to the thrashing floor all
must come who- have the power to get there. Dennis
Kearney was merely premature with his movement.
He fired the first gun and its effects seemed to die
with its echoes. . But it is now apparent that he
pioneered in a path ii; which many are destined to
walk toward the goal that he saw in the seventies.
It has among its possibilities the control of a ma
jority of the Northern State governments, and of
Congress. So it is not likely that this power will be
long farmed out. It will be used for the benefit of
its creators. ;As this is human, it need not be quar
reled with. There be many who are not in labor
unions who think that it is better that these appear
in government as principals and not by proxy, and
all who feel that way will impose few difficulties in
the way of the new master to his place of power.
Both patties will strive to meet this emergency,
whose elements have radiated from San Francisco, by
giving nominations to labor leaders.' But this policy
will not long endure. It implies an alliance irksome
to all who are party to it. The tests made. of their
strength so far have convinced the labor leaders that
they stand a better chance when they stand alone."- As
far as organization goes, theirs is perfect. Their sys
tem of national federation and local affiliation has
never been attained by the best political organizers.
Nor has it ever occurred that a membership of as
many millions in a political party has ever been as
unanimous in principle and purpose. Why should
those who control such an organization lend it to
either of the old parties? •
There is an irresistible charm in power. Men who
exercise it through agents are seldom long content
with.a proxy, and the cabinet of labor leaders which
controls events in Washington is beginning to re
flect upon .the -greater ease with which it could con
trol its -own destiny and dictate that of others, by
holding the offices whose incumbents it now directs.
Then, these strong men, like all strong me'n, grow
tired of subserviency. They get weary of compelling
men to give up all their own ideas and convictions
and take as errands the carrying out of the ideas of
others in which they do not believe, because they
fear the power that dictates. These observations have
made their impression, and ambition, always coupled
with a consciousness of power, is asserting its' pres
ence. At the same time there is a tendency toward
independent action, heretofore unknown. . ,
The. two, political parties of the country are watch
ing the spread of: this movement with keen interest.
Even in Congress they are bidding against each other
for the favor of organized labor, which "has only to
ask for' what it wants, if it doesn't see it.bn the Con
gressional' bargain counter. It may be said with
confidence that legislation is now subject to the dic
tation of labor unions. But the office holders who
obey that, powerful influence need not be' reassured
that their calling and re-election are made, certain
thereby, f Warwick may want to be king.
THE pace in politics seems to have been set by
San Francisco in electing Mr.Schmitz Mayor.
Three of the larger 'towns of Connecticut have
elected to that-omce labor leaders, to the surprise of
both parties, and it is, now confidently expected that
the next Governor of Connecticut will be a labor
leader. - - .
WILL SOON MAKE A DASH FOR THE
NORTH POLE IN A SUBMARINE BOAT
one that is to follow.
That method" would leave the issue in a somewhat
indefinite condition, but in the hands of a President
sol energetic as Roosevelt it would not remain /.in
definite for any great length of time. It is safe to {say
the determination of the route would be made by, him
much more quickly than .it would be made bj r the
Senate; and accordingly, the; public would be well
pleased to . see the. Spooner . resolution adopted.
The Call has already pointed out that v the delay of
the Senate \ in dealing with . the bill has enabled
the antagonists of the canal to array a new opposition
to it, and-the victory which a year ago seemed cer
tain is now becoming doubtful. It is* time ', for the
commercial and industrial interests of the country to
renew their petitions to • Congress for immediate ac
tion. A postponement of the bill at this session
would mean a postponement to the next Congress,
for if the measure' cannot be carried during the long
session there will be little chance for it in the short
session"., is -the! passage of the Spooner resolution,"
which directs the President to determine through the,
Department of Justice whether or not the Colombian
Government, in co-operation with the French com
pany, can make a clear title to the Panama: canal
property, and if so: the President as to purchase that "
property in accordance 'with the revised; recornmen
dation;of the United States Isthmian Canal Co'mmis- |
sion and proceed with the work of completing the
waterway. If, on the contrary, itas discovered that
a clear title to the property cannot be given, the
Spooner resolution empowers the President to pro
ce'ed with the construction of a canal, along;the Nica
ragua route, as prescribed bythe Hepburn bill, which
has already passed the House. / ;.;' .7
LABOR IN POLITICS.
THE SA2ST, FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ APRIL 15, 1902.
• 'Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best UverMedicine. Vegetable Cure forLiverllls,
Biliousness,' Indigestion,- Constipation, Malaria.*
6
AMUSE2IENTS.
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — The Sons of Ham.
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
Alcazar — "Why Smith Left Home."
Columbia — "The Professor's Love Story."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
MetropoUt&n Hall— Piano Recitai.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION RAT.br,
Auction this day. at 11 o'clock. Horses. Wagons, etc., . at
1140 Folsoni street.OAKLAND RACETRACK— Monday, April 14.— Weather fine. Track -fast.
3503. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; ¦ three-year-old ' fllHes; to^flrst, $325. ' ¦ :
~~ j : | i I - - .-./- ¦ ¦¦ • •• < V Betting.
Index Horso- and Weight. St. %1 %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2511 Yrsula ..". 112 *4~ 72 2 1 1 % 11 J. C. Nealon.... .Conley 6-5 11-10
Azarine ..107 5 4H 5h 41 2h Ray Wilson ........See 10 30
(SD69) Knockinga .......112 2 8462 52 3% Earl & Co...... ...Prior ¦ 5 6
3551 Cathello 112 1 In lh 2 li 4h . Clayton & Co.... L. Daly 6 •'.: 9
3576 Jennie Hughes... 107 8 10 • 3 1% 3 h 5 V, R. Hughes .....Howson 10 8
.... Yankee Lass 107 11 11 10 6 1 6 1 Smith &' Co.. Fauntleroy 20 \;50.
3076- Annie Max 112 6 6 1 '91 8 2 72 P. Sheridan .....Foucon 4 . 7
3570 Flitting 107 9 6n7U91 81 J.D.Lucas Wlnslette 5 7
3563 Sterling Towers.. 107 72 1%4h 7% 91 Musto & Ruiz. .Bozeman 20 ,30
3276 Lunga ..109 3 3 n 8 % 10 10 2 B. G. McConnell.Frawley 20 30
Slrene .107 10 .9 2 11 11 11 E. F. Frederlckson.Hoar 6 15
Time— Y* :24; % :49; % 1:02. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-,
ner, J. C.' Nealon's ch. f. by Anchorite or Salvator-Sardonyx. Yrsula flatfooted when bar
rier went up, but fortunately Conley slid through on tho rail. Azarine ran a fair race.
Cathello quit. Jennie Hughes cut off at start. Yanke^ass_has_speed^ J^Jng^djPoorly.
3504. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs ; selling; two-year-olds; to first. $325.
¦ ' • Betting. ¦
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. , %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. . ¦, CL
3570 Oro Viva 107 5 .... 4 1 4 2 1 ns (Summers & Co.. Troxler ,, 4 13-5
(3. r .G6) Lizzie Rica .112 1 ... 1 % 1 % 2 J4 W. L. Stanfleld ..Foucon 16-5
8252 Amoruna 103 2 ... 8 1% 2 n 3n Burns & Watrhs...Hoar • 6 . 10
8534 Tom Mitchell ...103 8 ... 2% 3n 42 G. P. McNeil ... :L Daly 6 12
S581: Dick Roberts 110 6 ... 6n 5n 5 3 S. McNaughton... Conley 10 : 25
(3570) Little Margaret ..103 3 ... 727% 62 Caesar Young... Donnelly 4 10
3570 Clarinette 103 4 ... 8 8* 7n H.J.Jones Prior 8 12
355S-Estoy Llsto 106 7 ... 8 1 6% 8 Prlmero Stable....... See 7 25
¦ Toto Gratiot 106 ••¦... .". . .-¦ . .. ' ... Theo Winters ... Hughes ¦ 20
Time — %, :24%; %, :48%. Good start. Won first three driving. " "Winner. G. Summers
& Co.'s b. c. by Golden Garter- Joe Viva. Winner best. Foucon had to draw his whip on
Lizzie at paddock. Oro Viva could have won by a larger margin. Little Margaret away
badly. Estoy Llsto can do better. Scratched— Len Reno 103, Donami 106, Escarola 107.
•Lef^ ' ¦
3o05. THIRD RACE— 1% miles; selling; three-ypar-olds and up; to first. $325. . , " ,
. . Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin-x Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3571 Elfonse, 4 , ; .110 4 1 % 11% 1 % In C. P. Fink.. .....Vlckery 15 12
8038 Brutal, 4 ...110 3 6 2 7 8 4 2 2 1% B. Schreiber . Conley -2 7-2
S5S6 Lena a .........112 7 7 1 2n 3h 3 1 F. T. Nichols... Howson .4 18-5
(3543) Plan, a ...122 5 3 1% 6 n 76 4% J. Conway Hoar 2 6-fy
35S1! Compass. 4 ...A.10S 2 4 1%4%2h 52-- James Wilson ......See 16 25
2530 La Borgia 5 112 1 61 6n 6162 Elmwood Farm...Rutler 30 .100
3512 Picador, 4 ...:..121 6 8 8 8 7 5 T. \H. Stevens... Foucon 8 8
35S7 Billy Lyons. 4...M18 8 2 % 3 2 5 % 8 J. B. Bortano Feary 30 00
Time — %, :24%; %, :49%; %, 1:16; m. 1:43; l%m t> l:56. Good start. Won nrst three driv
ing. Winner, C. P. Fink's -b. g. by El Rio Rey-Fonsette, With better luck Brutal could
have -won. Lena came from far back. Plan quit after being headed for the tape. Pica
dor no speed. Scratched — Ulm 114. Forest Kins 108. Major Hooker 114. Royal Prize 112.
3.VJ0. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
; : ; : j ; ~ ' "^ Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. " %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
354t" Ada N, 4 104*6 T % 5 1 8 % 1 % Antrim Stable. .....Hoar 6 4
3502 Varro. 4 112 5 3 1% 1 % In 2 1% G. W. Miller. ... .Foucon 10 - 0
35S6 Billy Moore. 6... .109 3 2h 4.h 4,h 3h T. T. Rector ... A^_Kelly 10 .15
35S6 Axminster. 3 08 9 9 7 1 6 h 4 h W. D. Randall..Wlnslet 8 8
(35C4) Golden Light, 4.. 110 7 4n 2%2h 5 3 R. T. Doefner. ...Conley -5-2 3
:Mi59 El Orlente, 4 106 4 64 3% 61 65 Bald win & Co .. Bozeman 10 20
35S6 Sir Hampton. 5.. 112 2 In82 82 72 George Miller. ...Troxer 2 .... 3
35;i5 Doll. Weithoff. 6..107 1 5% 6% 71 8 3 D. Lees....: ...Donnelly 8 12
3550 First Shot, 5 109 8 8% 9 9 9 P. Moore Fauntleroy 8 12
Time— %. :24; %, :48^i; %, 1:14%; %. 1:27%. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. Antrim Stable' s b. m.. by Herald -Santa Rosa. -Ada N. ran around the field, scoring
cleverly.. Varro well ridden. Axmtnster a slow beginner. Golden Light quit. So ¦ did
Orlente. A Sir Hampton in a bad position on the rail. - Scratched— San Lutlon 05, Sollnus
97, Sly ill. ¦ __¦¦___• -'-.------ —^^'--'-^-^-^--^-^'-^-¦--»--^-^->^-^^-^^--^
35O7. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling: four- year- olds and up; to first, $325. ' . \' ¦¦
1 ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. %. Str. .Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- • Cl.
(35*78) Obia, 4 101 6 2 1 1 1% 1 n . 1 4 P. Ryan...... '.^Donnelly 7-10 3-5
Antolee 4 .107 3 650 42 242 3 , D. A. Honlg. .Wlnslette , 3 , 7
S5S6 Gawalne. 4 101 2 1 % 3 % 3, 3 3n W. E. Cotton^. ...Hoar 10 15
3580 Rfo Shannon. 5.. .104 1 4 % 6 50 4 n 4 10 J. Coffey.. ...Fauntleroy 3 18-5
(35S4) Aloha II, 5. 102 4 33. 2h S 50 5 50 Jones & Co......... Bell 20 15
3£lO2 Idaho Chief II. 4.. 97 6 6 r6 6 6' E. E. Randall.. ..Knapp 40 100
Time— Y*. :25%; V> :50>4: %, 1:15%: mile. 1:44%. Good start. \Von easily. Second and '
third driving. Winner, P. Ryan's b. m. by Pardee-Day Dream. Winner best. Antolee
showed some improvement. Rio Shannon badly ridden. Aloha quit. Scratched— Redwald
101/ Eonic 104. Captain Gaines 104, Free Lance 104, Marshal Neil 10O.
3505. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to firsts $325. ¦
: ~ ~ ~ ' \ [ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
S'SsS^^lflU 1% W & C E n^ton::: F Fou^ . t J
3584 Dorfan a 120 10 10% 9 2 6 1 6% Jennings & Co. .L. Daly 6 12
MerODs 1" 117 9 11 10 7 2 62 F. D. Weir Hoar 12 20
W1 R P nSdl 6 115 2 4 1 4%5h 7% G. W. Scott... Wlnslette 6 6
f355nlkiD Me 4 112 6 5% 3h 8 2 8 % Covington & Co-.Vlckery . 15 20
S Tihuron a 118 5 72 8 1 9 1 9 1. Egbert & Co... Gulterez .7 10
85S4 Tvranus a"*"* 110 4 9% 6 n 10 1 10 1 Summers & Co..: Conley 7-^2
8519 &t£pldo. 4"::::m 3 3%11 ll U McGuln> &Hughes..Brdn Wife"
Time— U -24Vi- % -49%: %. 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. Liiid's'b. f. by St. Carlo-Countess Langdon. Lass of Langdon has a world of
speed Prestano quit. Mike Strauss away poorly. Tiburon kicked by Dorian while at the
post; ' Tyranus cut oft early. , Scratched— Maraschlno ) 109.
UKIAH, April 14.— Th'e Cleveland &
Owens flouring mill, situated on the Rus
sian River, seven miles above th.3 city,
was destroyed by fire last night. It was
one of the first mills established in this
county, but had recently been refitted
with up-to-date machinery. Its value was
about $6000, with no insurance. The fire
is supposed to have been of incendiary
origin. ;*-\Y
Fire Destroys a Flouring Hill.
HONOLULU. April 8.— After * about
eighteen . years of schism • the Episcopal
church here appears to be one congrega
tion again. On April 1 Bishop Alfred Wil
lis, who has held the bishopric for thirty
yeans? laid down the reins of government,
which he has held as a British appointee
under the Archbishop of Canterbury, and
Bishop Nichols of California accepted the
church in the name of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the United States.
In spite of the church had
remained British up to this time.
The ceremonies of the withdrawal of
one Bishop and assumption of power by
the other were attended by a large con
gregation. On last Sunday the first serv
ices under the new authority were held,
Bishop Nichols preaching. Members of
both the congregations, which have for
years past held different services at dif
ferent hours every Sunday morning and
evening, were present, and the two choirs
were mingled. Bishop Nichols announced
his assignments of clergy.
, The Rev. Alexander Mackintosh, whom
Bishop Willis recently deposed, waa re
stored as a canon and took part In the
service. The Rev. V. H. Kitcat, who has
been a Willis man, participated with him.
Bishop Nichols is himself dean, though
Willis had made Kitcat dean under the
old regime. It is thought that the con
gregations will unite hereafter, under, the
new American Bishop, whose election has
probably already taken place on the
mainland. Bishop." Nichols will return to
California when the new Bishop comes.
Ho still has to deal with the Rev. J. Us
borne and the congregation of St. Clem
ent's Church of Honolulu, also placed
without the pale by Bishop Willis. The
action to be taken with regard to them
bas not been authoritatively announced,
but it has been said that the Bishop will
restore them to good church standing.
united After Eighteen Years
of Schism.
Episcopalians of Honolulu Are .Re-
BISHOP WILLIS GIVES
WAY TO BISHOP NICHOLS
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. April 14.— Adolphus
Dewet. a neshew of the Boer general, who
was wounded and captured at the battle of
Jacobus Dahl and who afterward escaped
from Bermuda by swimming- to a schooner
bound for New York, arrived here recently.
He spent a few days in this city and pro
ceeded to Lima, Peru, where he jwill engage in
a minlni enterprise.
NAPA, April 14.-Napa River has
claimed another victim. The body of
"Hoolie Cage," and Indian who has been
a familiar ligure in Napa for years, •was
found floating in the river here this
morning. He had been missing for a
week and had been drinking heavily for
several months. Cage was about SO years
of age.
Drowned in the Napa River.
John H. IJandis to Be Superintendent
of the Mint at Phila
delphia.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Presi
dent sent the following noi&lnations to
the Senate to-day:
• Treasury— John H. Landis, to be Super
intendent of the Mint at Philadelphia,
vice H. K. Boyer, resigned; Albert A.
Norris, to'be coiner of the Mint at Phila
delphia; Robert A. Sharkey, naval officer
of customs, district of New York.
Interior— Indian agent, George "W.
Saunders, at Santee Agency, Nebraska;
receiver of public moneys, Henry Malloch,
Ayersville, Cal., and Alfred H. Taylor,
Susanville, Cal.; register of land office,
Thomas A. Roseberry, Susanville, Cal.
Army— Colonel Mott Hooton, Twenty
eighth Infantry, to be brigadier general.
La Fevre Webster, to be Postmaster at
Ventura, CaL
BATCH OF NOMINATIONST
IS SENT TO THE SENATE
We. are making every exertion to induce
every foreign government of importance to par
ticipate.
Two of the foreign governments that have
formerly declined the invitation of the Presi
dent to participate in our exposition have been
asked to reconsider, and our Information is to
the effect that they conclude to do so.
Neither the beard of director! nor the execu
tive committee has taken any formal action
concerning a postponement of the exposition.
It seems impossible to prevent agitation on the
subject. Personally I should prefer the ex
position to be held in 1004.
We are making excellent progress in the
physical work, and although we have met with
some slight disappointment in promotion and
exploitation we have every reason to be en
couraged by the pi-esent status. As stated by
me Saturday our contracts and expenses up to
this time are in excess of our available funds.
We cannot expect an additional payment from
the etockholders before September 2. We have
collected 50 per cent of the $5,000,000 sub
scriptions, and' that amounts to only $2,500,000,
which Is much less than the aggregate of ex
penditures and outstanding contracts. We are
therefore dep«lding on the proceeds of the sale
of city bonds which the Mayor and tha Comp
troller have Informed me will be advertised in
the near future and sold during the first half
of May. /
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. April 14.— President D.
Francis of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition Company, In answer to the numer
ous statements that the World's Fair
would not open In 1903, as provided, but
that It would be postponed, made this
statement to-day: &a-u ¦¦¦>->'»¦'' ¦'¦'¦'.-«¦¦,.•
Amount Thus . Far, Collected
Is Insufficient to Fay
the Contracts.
President Francis Says
Formal Action Has
Not Been Taken.
MAY POSTPONE
BIG EXPOSITION
SUE FOR PRICE OF RESTAURANT. —
Charles J. i Llest, trustee of the estate of F.
Slebrecht,' is suing John Bierssen and WIRIam
Gropp for- $6000 he 'alleges is due as the pur
chase price of the restaurtn business at il«
Kearny street, formerly conducted by Sit
brecht. »
Business will be resumed to-day at 9:30
a. m., when the services will be held.
Following the services will come the busi
ness of the society from 10 to 12 a. m.
Lunch will be served by the ladies of
Lebanon Church to all present from 12
to 1:30 p.' m. In the afternoon business
will be resumed ¦ apain. ... :
The San Francisco Presbyterian Society
met last night at Lebanon Presbyterian
Church on Sanchez street, near Twenty
third. , The Rev. J. H. Kerr of Trinity
Church presided and gave, the opening
sermon, imploring the people of the pres
bytery to stand together and broaden
their good work, claiming that without
the help of all the object of the society
would fail utterly. Rev. Dr. J. T. Wills,
D.D., of Franklin Church, this city, was
elected moderator. Two clerks were elect
ed.- They are A. B. Cheney and Hyman
Jacobs. Thomas M. Boyd fof Santa Bar
baraVand "W. A. Campbell fof New "West
minster were appointed corresponding
members.
banon Church for the Transac
tion of Affairs.
San Francisco Society Meets at Le-
PBESBYTEHIANS GATHER
POB ANNUAL BUSINESS
To-morrow evening a benefit will be
tendered "Biddy" Bishop, the well known
manager, who has been stricken with
paralysis. Some of the best known box
ers in this city and vicinity will take part
in the show.
"Kid" Parker last night received a tele^,
gram from "Buddy" King of Denver stat
ing that the .latter would soon arrive in
this city ready to fight any lightweight In
the world at 133 pounds,. Joe Gans or
Frank Erne preferred.
Joe Walcott will arrive here on Thurs
day night to prepare for his battle with
George Gardner, which is scheduled for
April 25 before the Yosemlte Club.
Jim Corbett has* wired his brother
Harry that he would reach San Francisco
on the 24th inst. .
"Kid" McFadden, the California ban
tam, left last night for New York en
route for England. The little fighter was
accompanied by ex-Jockey Lew. . McFad
den will box "Kid" "Williams, a noted
English. pugilist, during coronation week.
This evening the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club will hold its regular monthly boxing
exhibition. The following excellent card
will be" brought
' Joseph Hall, H. V. A. C. vs. Joe McDon
ald, H. V. A. C, 115 pounds; , William Par-
Uelli, H. V. A. C, vs. Fred Carter, H. V. A.
C, 110 pounds; Phil O'Meara, H. V. A. C,
ve. Otto Knoch, H. V. A. C, 130 pounds;
Lew Powell, H. V. A. C, vs. Eddie Gallatiu,
H. V. A. C, 115 pounds; Charles Black, B
C, A. C, vs. Al Young, Hawthorne A. C, la5
pounds. Grand special event for the amateur
welterweight championship • of the Paclflo
Coast — George Peterson, Olympic Club, vs.
George Saulsbury, S. F. A. C.
Young Corbett wired the Yosemlte Club
yesterday to the effect that he would not
consider a match, with Jimmy 'Britt un
less, the last named consents "to do" less
than 130 pounds at the ringside, a weight
which': the' local', man cannot get down to.
The San Francisco Club-will make a, bid
to : match Corbett and "Dave Sullivan for
a bout to take place some timexduring
May.'. ¦¦••-. • ". .¦•¦'.. '.
Young King of Denver Ready
to Meet Any Promising
Aspirant
Britt Cannot Get Down
to Weight Easterner
UQIUalUlo, .
YOUNG CORBETT
ASKS TOO MUCH
ANGELS CAMP, April 14.— The entire
system of the Utlca mine of this place
was shut down to-day by a break In the
ditch In the mountains above the Sierras.
A large force of men is now at work on
the break, but It will be several days be
fore it Is repaired.
TJtica Mine Is Shut Down.
PASADENA, April 14.— The five-year
old daughter of J. Maderls, a ranch
er, had both legs nearly cut off by
a mowing machine to-day. The doc
tors hope that, owing to the youth of tha
victim, the tissues may grow together
properly, but It Is doubtful, as the bones
were cut In two below the knees. The
father was mowing barley and did not
know his child was playing in tha tall
grain until she screamed.
Serious Accident to a Little Girl.
It Is not altogether certain that Miss
Rossevelt's efforts will be successful, as
the matter must be referred to the Sis
ters already at Molokal, and to Bishop
Gulstan. under whose leadership they ara
working. However, It Is believed that
they would not object to further aid,
though their wishes will be considered by
the board. President Sloggett stated that
tho board had no objection, but that tha
Sisters and Bishop XJulstan should first
be consulted as to whether they desired
any further assistance. If a favorable
reply Is received the Board of Health will
return such an answer to the request.
HONOLULU, April 8.— Miss AUc*
Roosevlet, the daughter of the President,
has Interested herself In the Molokal lep
ers to the extent of trying: to gain ad
mission for a French girl, who wishes to
nurse them. The woman who la so anx
ious to consecrate her life to the care of
The lepers Is Marie Leurquin, who Is now
at Brussels, Belgium, and who enlisted
the aid of Miss Roosevelt In her efforts
to carry. out the plans. Her appeal was
not in vain, for Miss Alice promptly took:
up the matter and laid the letter before
President Roosevelt, who in turn sub
mitted It to the Department of the In
terior. From there it was forwarded - to
Governor Dole, and the Acting Governor
yesterday transmitted the correspond
ence, which Included translation of tha
letter to Miss Roosevelt, to the Board of
Health.
Prench Girl Who Desires to Go
to Molokai.
President's Daughter Is Aiding a
MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT
IS INTERESTED IN LEPEBS
At a moderate price— one that looks good
and: is 'good— made; of ; genuine basswood,
brass ¦: trimmed, ..with' leather straps and
two trays? ;It is a leader In our trunk de
partment and the, price is $7.50. We have
a special. suit case also, at $6.50, that is
equally good and cheap.. Sanborn, ; Vail &
Co.. .741 ¦ Market street. .-. • <.= «
Do You Want a Trunk
3401 'Hard Night... 114
3509 Syce .114
3569 Geo.Whitney.117
3588 Mllas ...122
8540 Chandoo 122
3551 Yellowstone ..117
" Second race — Four fu
two-year-olds: .
3582 Brumel 118
3582 The Forum... 110
'3582'M. Sherwood.. 115
85S2 TT. H. Bennett.110
: 8528 Bscarola ... ..107
.... Tamm .118
3565 Wlnnecook ...112
3551 Swlftlight .-...112
3551 Dandy .......122
3138 Jarre. . d'Or. : .114
356.-J Matin Bell. ...112
3570 Flo Culver.v;. 112
irlongs; Belling; maiden
.... Darante ......115
33C1 Annie F...... 115
J... . Sultelma .....115
3192 James F......11S
Felice:.. .....115
3570 Jen.". McGown.107
NANAIMO, B. C.; April 14.-Articles
have been; signed for a twenty-round box
ing 1 contest for.: the championship of Brit
ish Columbia between Fred Wyatt, form
erly of Ottawa, and Mike Wheelihan
formerly of San Francisco, to ' take place
here April 26. . . -. .-.- j-' .- •¦-.••
Championship of British Columbia.
PARIS, April 14.— At the_St. Cloud races
to-day ' W. K. Vanderbilt's Ladaric (Jei>
kins), at 5 to 1, won the Prix de, Petit
Trianon. J. Roiff, Martin, Henry and Mc-
Intyre, the American jockeys, each won
a race. ' . ,
American Jockeys Win at Paris.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April- 14.-The
match between Tommy Ryan and Phil
adelphia Jack Bryan at Louisville, on
May 3, has been declared off on account
ofjRyan's previous engagements with the
National Sporting Club of London. ¦•¦¦-¦¦
Eyan-Bryan Fight Is Off.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 14.—Heavy
weight Jim Burns of Spokane scored an
easy victory over, Tom Tracy at the" Salt
Lake Athletic Club , to-night. He put
Tracy out in the third round of a sched
uled twenty-round contest. Tracy" was
hopelessly outclassed.
Jim Burns' Defeats Tom Tracy.
Two cars containing the horses in
training, of Green Morris leave Oakland
this morning for New York. \
Oro Viva, winner of the 2-year-old
dash, was bid up $400 over his entered sell-
Ing price of $300 by M. A. Gunstf
The stakes of the Montana Jockey Club
close to-day. .
J. Ransch Is visiting at his home In Ba
kersfleld. From there he will leave ' for
Chicago, where the promising lightweight
will ride for Pat Dunne.
Troxler will leave for St. Louis In a day
or so. '.
The stables* of "Gill" Summers, Bob
Smith and two of Barney Schreiber's
string will be loaded on a car bound for
Chicago to-morrow.
"Milroy Day" on Saturday promises to
be a great success. As previously stated,
the entire proceeds are to go to the fam
ily of the late R. B. Milroy, and no price
is set • on the amount a purchaser may
give for a ticket. To date the follow
ing sums have been paid for a single ad
mission coupon: . „;
Caesar Young, $250; 'Thomas H. Williams
Jr.. S100: D. M. Burns, ?100; A. B. Spreckela,
$100: Butchers' • Board of Trade, $75; Chris
Smith. $50; Fitzgerald, Black & Co., $50; C.
L. Asher, $10; M. Katzensteln, $10; Al Coney,
$5; J. F. Schorr, $5; John Lyons, $5.
The following are ; the entries : for this
afternoon's events: .
First race — Futurity course; selling; threo
year-olda: . • '.- . _..
Track Notes.
Second race, selling, one mile — Emathlon
won, Josle F second, Mr. Pomeroy third. Time
1:44%. . ¦- , •"¦'..-. . , ¦
j Third race, six furlongs — Federal won, Toah
second,' Ice King third. Time, 1:15 Vi.
Fourth race, one mile — Terra Plrma won,
C. B. Campbell second, Felix Bard. third. Time
1:42^. \ : ¦ . • ¦
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, : selling
— Prince of Endurance won. Votary second,
Cherokee Lass third. Time, :56%.
Sixth race, one mile — Drummond won Pay
Th«. Fiddler second, Mr. Phlnlsy third..- -Time,
1:43%.
First race. Belling, mile and an eighth —
Menace won, * Searcher second, Jessie Jarboe
third. Time. 1:56%.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 14.— Montgomery
Park results:
Results of Eastern Races.
Fourth race— Hagerdon, La Goleta,
Byron Rose.
Fifth race— Wolhurst, Lady Med
dlesome, Constable.
Sixth race— Meehanus, Sharp Bird,
Kitty Kelly, s
First race— Jarretierre d'Or, '3\o
Culver, Dandy.
Second race— The Forum, ] James F,
J. H. Eennett.
Third race — Narra Q, : . Beina de
Cuba, King Dellis.
SELECTIONS FOB. TO-DAY.
Endowed with speed to burn. Lass of
Langdon, a 9 to 5 favorite, came home
by herself in the concluding sprint. In
a drive Our Lizzie led • out Prestano a
neck for the place.
Almost all of the dangerous quantities,
among them Eonic, Redwald, Captain
Gaines and Marshal Neil, were scratched
from the mile selling affair. This left
Obia to go out a 3 to 5 choice, and she won
at leisure from Antolee. Rio Shannon
ran a disappointing race.
Golden Light, favorite for the seven fur
long number, had some early speed, but
failed to stay the .route. Johnny Hoar
on Ada N, a 6 to 1 shot, moved up by
degrees from seventh position, crossing
the line half a length before the pace
maker Varro. Billy Moore dropped In
third. ; . ¦-¦" Y
It looked like asking a good deal of
Plan with his rickety underpinning to
carry 122 pounds, still the field was very
commonplace and the gelding went to the
post a 6 to 5 chance for the mile and a
furlong run. The pace set was slow, and
Vlckery astride El Fonse led from start
to finish. Brutal closed well under Con
ley's hard urging, losing by a neck only.
Plan gave it up completely in' the stretch,
Lena downing him for third place.
Oro Viva, the Golden Garter colt, ap
peared to better advantage with Troxler
up. Played from 4 down to 13 to 5 In the
betting on the . 2-year-old ' dash, he col
lared and beat Lizzie Rice, the favorite,
a nose. The show went to Amoruna.
Yrsula, the entry of James Nealon,
with Conley up, showed to be much the
best of the eleven entries In the intro
ductory sprint. She went to the post a.n
11 to 10 favorite, and after getting away
cone too well, won handily from Azarine,
a 40 to 1 shot. Knocklngs ran third again.
THE departure for other parts of
most of the-high-priced Jockey,
talent apparently made no mate
rial difference, with the sport at
Oakland yesterday. Troxler, Con
ley and Hoar are now the stars, and the
services of all three are in great demand.
Vickery on El Fonse' furnished' the sen
sation by landing the cast-off first in the
third event at odds of 15 to L' Yrsula,
Obia and Lass of Langdon held up the
reputation of " the favorites by getting
home first at fair quotations.
Sixth race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward: .'
3589 Kitty Kelly. ..109 3411 Meehanus ....114
3585 Sharp Bird... 114 3500 B. Bohmansn.lOS
3525 Oscar Tolle...lll 3513 February .....100
Fifth race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
3546 Kllleen ......112 (3574)Larry "Wilt... 06
.... Fred's Mount.. 108 3587 Lento 96
(3580)Wolhurst ....112 3574 Ldy Med' some. 110
3549 Einstein 112 3571 Expedient \. ...112
3581 Constable .... 9" 3SG1 Decoy 112
3367 Casdale 11- •
-. Third race — Six furlong*; selling; four-year
olds and upward: ., . , _ ..; v- . .„•
35S1 McNamara'V..i$T 3577 Narra G......106
3550 Maresa Ill (35S3)The Hoodoo.. .111
3547 R. de Cuba... 104 35S9 Rey Dare.... .103
3571 Gold Baron... 106 3564 B.F. Mason.. Ill
3583 King Dellls...l00 3425 Scallywag: 108
3564 Marineuse ...10S 3353 Fine Shot..... IOC
. Fourth race — Seven furlongs; the Sofala
Handicap; three-year-olds and upward:
3501 Bragg ........ 831 3510 Ellis Glenn.... 85
3548 Hagerdon 108k 3236 La Goleta 104
3548 Byron Rose... 105 1 3544 Bagdad ......105
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, APRIL 15, 1902.
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRABK
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
7
AMUSEMENTS.
jllll GARTERS
Positively cured by theso
Littlo PiSIs.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad ! Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6ma!l PHI. Small Doso.
Small Price.
OCT.AT8 TBAVTOL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
?32^>!r<ffw< k - FE»trca.y. etc. Alsjitir — 11
P""vfc*S\"!""& •¦ -*¦»* 16 - 21 - : * M 5 T
fi2SS>»©l rtffi.rasr» at B«^tl6
«*~a^^MBSg| For Vlctnna. VanwnjTei.
* Por: Tr»TiK«nd. E*&^tlfc T»-
B *i% cczifc. Bveretv New VhB-
cc»— II a. xa^AprO 16 21 ?f s M»7 1 ChwjF*
at &estt)« tc tntl cxRnpcjir** Ftea=>«a> tot
Alaskfc ua& Q. N. R?-; es Seartl* oi
tc K P. Rj.: al Vaauouver tc. C P. R».
Foi Eur^ki fHuinholfil B»y>— Ji30 p- m_
ArrU J2. Si. 22, 2i. M«y 2. '
For Lo» <«* Pwl l*» Anpde* and
r.p<SosAo>, Bui DJepc «no Seatt Bursar*—
SjokBSfc, Suada^b. P *- m.
Pinu of C&MioraJAH Tnnrsfiarv fr •» m.
Per Lot Asrelw '^1* ?¦»» P*crc sad Cast
Fas Pe£ro>. fun Bart«ra, Sastk Crai, ?Jn^-
teres S&o SlroKin, Caracob. Sax Luu Onir.j*
<«» 'Port HarforflV Vncnrfc.. Haeaem* aitd
•N*irpori r*S«at» Crci onlrt.
Coat B&5. P it. nk_ April 12, 20. S& Uxy &
Sacts Crax. 8 *. ra. itrtagtA only). ajitO 1&
24.
For Ent*iuul&. Mtinrts1rri» Bay. Bar. Jos* de]
Cabo. V j^«*'y-^. AlTfctfc. L* Pti. £>»jat* Bx>!>i-
lia, Goayxsa* (Mex.>— X0 h. m.. 7tb t*rb "^iTitf,
For tortber lniannaOos obr&lii ic&on.
Rlpb: It res-erred •.« chaap* fttxjxmrt- or
ssillns fiare*.
TlCyVTI OFFICB—* Km Mntccaswry
Kt3v«t (Psiaw Hot«5>.
GOODAL1*. PERKIXS A CO.. Ose. Aptscw
10 Maffcrt ta_ Sas yrancaic«>
Pacific Coast Steamship Cc
LSA.VE EEXTTLJS.
CEKATOR .............. ...«-. ..JCXS 1
ViLLK>C.LA TCKJt 1
Ate iontis^biXr tt>wf«Lftcr dortny tb« seanoa.
F.p^rr.fblrf CTTT OT PtJEBLA aoC CUEEN.
;«*Tir.f S-»r. Pr&odKrc Ms j ?f and Msy SI. rv-
»r«*<ijve!>. caz-Tj+x witt «thov» fteaaaer* Th«
!>#¦"¦ »>rid tifr»y FTMLCu.tatpf f«z2stm &sd v »-
>«cci» ir,f.df rfrc)&; tript tt Non>« last yrar.
.r.nf.T.f fcj) r**?*.tf «f nz>6 frrtrbl wlttoooi Ion*.
rr;.b«r <w £«>&.?. For pasfwnfftr rvzet and
Noio* tt*\6*r. Lr-ptr TJekK Offlr». 4 N«-» Most-
oooexu. nrKicncg a oo.. o«ai vbu.
IC Ma.-k^i *u. San yrajortpro.
V^P^ffi SAILINGS.
ygSiS'*' " " THE FIRST CLASS
1 SS. PORTLAND
HI WILL SAIL FOB
NOME direct
ESS ISt^.^::::::::::::::^ iH a
tStoppins at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
For Freight end Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL C0. f
645 Market ft.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Puffet
Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
O. R. & N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
• PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST ULA-TJESS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
PS. COLOIBIA Sails... April 23, May 3. 13, 23
ES. GEO. W. ELDER 6alls
April 18. 28. May 8. 18
Steamer calls from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. B.F.
TOYO KEEN KAISBA.
STEAMER5 WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COB-
c»rt Flrct aad Brannu *veel\ al I p. m..
tot TOKCHJLJ4A *a& HOXQKONQ. ctlllng al
Kobe (H!ojro>. Nejrasatl snC Bbanfrhal and coo-
sectlrf al Btm&tont witfc »:«uuDe» £oi Iodlv
•tc No mrjro r*-o«-Jved oo board as dajr oi
WlttlHi
BE. HONGKONG MARTJ -.
Tne*day. AprQ ISth. 1M3
Fa NIPPON MARU Friday. J£ay Kh. I»03
PS. AMERICA JAARU <#>M
W«>dnepaay. J"ua# ?'•*• IW 3
Roat>3-trlj- t»rk*t» at reaac** rstet. For
freight and paiwaF* applT «< oompfcnj*» ofnc%
421 Market t>tre»t. corner First-
TC. H. AVERT. General Agent.
jiamburg-Ztmerican.
TVOX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F Bismarck May IJDeutschland ...May 15
Colombia May 8! A. Victoria May 22
TWIS-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH — CHERBOURG-t^IAMBURG.
Pretoria April 29iPatrlcla May 13
Moltke May 6,Waldersee May 20
Hamhurii-American Lin-. 37 B'tvajr, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific ;
Coast, 401 California ft., San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, flopping at Mexican. Central
•no" Fowih Aowtcan port*. Falling from How-
ard 3, piM 10. ,15 m.
A STEAMER.'. Apr. — [PALENA May SI
Gt!ATEM>LA..Mar 10,OOLOMBIA....Jua* 21
Thct># mtenmttr* «.r» built rxpr**Kly tar C*o-
tral and Fnutti AtnerSraD paxFoncrer twi-vic«
<No chanr* ft Ar«.ru)ro or Panama..) Fr»l«cbt.
and i>*?rrrr*r office 316 California rtreet.
BALFOUh. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
oceames.s.co. skews-
_ D1RECf LltlE T0TM)ITL
6S. ALAMKDA. tec HonoJuln '....
Safur As y, April 1ft. 2 p. m.
R6. FON'OMA. for Honolulu, Samoa. Aoclc-
lr>na art Sydney... Thur»., Mar 1. Jft a- m.
PS. AUSTRALIA, fm Tahiti
.........Punrtay. May 4, JO a. m
1. D. SPRECKELS 4 EEOS.CO., GeiEral Agtt., 329 Matat
ta'iKa Office, C(3iaim sl, Pier Ho. 7. Pacific sl
PANAMA R, e. ST ff
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. S105: Ffeerace. ?40; Meolf Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday, May 1
S. s. Uelanaw. .Sails Saturday, May 10
Krom JJcm-ard-Flre-el Wharf. J'lerlO. at 2 p. m
freight and Tasserurer Office, 33C Market i=t.
F. Y. COXKOR. Pacific Coatt Agent.
Kt-.V VORK} SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Et. raul-.Apl. 23. ltt*n»iri>Uadel..May 7, 10 am
St. I>nu!*..Apl..'MJ.lO ar.- ISt, Paul. May 14. 10 am
. NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kensinrton.An.2-V nr>on]Fries!and..May 7. nooc
Zeel&cd Apr. 30, n<v>n*Boutfcwk..MAy 14. »non
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. X>. TAVI>OR,G.A.P.C..S0 Montsom'y st.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•f . TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Farewell Performance Saturday Night
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Their Own Company, In »
THE SONS OF HAM.
Next— MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 21.
Mr. James Neill and His Company.
Presenting the Dainty Comedy Drama,
CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR.
: In Preparation
The Latest Eastern Pronounced Stage Success,
/ "THE STARBUCKS."
SUBSCRIBERS' SEATS READY.
SINGLE SEATS— THURSDAY.
f-OI IIRflRIA mmmm
VUEaUlWBljIJ! lllOTTHEATSi
A I"5ARE DELIGHT
This Week— Matinee Saturday Only.
Ts WILLARD
In ' tbe Charming Comedy,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
By J. M. Barrie, »uthor of "The Little Hiaistsr,"
Beginning: Next Monday — Last Week of Mr.
E. S. WILLARD. Monday, "DAVID GAR-
RICK," by T. W. Robertson; Tuesday, "TOM
PINCH." by Charles Dickens. '
Seats |2. $1 60, $1. 75c. 60c. 25c. (
PACKED AGAIN^ LAST NIGHT.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
¦ In Sardou's Society Drama,
;'FEDORA."f
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES...... 10c. 15c, 25c. 60c. 75d
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c. . '
NEXT WEEK — Farewell week of MEL-
BOURNE MacDOWELL and FLORENCE
STONE in ¦ Sardou Repertoire by Special Re-
quest.
NEW "SHOW!
Sam, Kittle and Clara Morton; The
v Pony • Ballet; Banks and * Winona
'Winter; Petching Brothers; Marie
Wain wright ana Company; The
Clipper Quartet; James H. Cullen,
and the Biograph," showing Bridal
Veil Falls and the Golden Gate.\
Rese-ved . Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, . 50c.
Evenings at 8 Sharp. > Matinee Saturday at 2
Sharp. '
"A CURE FOR THE , BLUES."
MAKE A CALL ON-
THE FORTUNE
'v- TELLER.-" ".
•ALICE NEILSEN'S GREAT SUCCESS,
POPULAR PRICES.... ....25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
vV*— * \a** •* "^ mtSSUTtKAil
TO-NIGHT — AIjL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATCKDAT AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Latter-Day Melo-
drama, THE '. J - •
DANGERS OF
A GREAT CITY.
Stirring Incidents — Slde-Spllttlns Comedy.
DON'T FAIL. TO SEE IT.
DDTfEC Evening 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50a
ilUULO Matinee 10c. 15c. 2So
. ! ¦
Belasco & Thail. Managers.
TO-NIGHT— All. THIS WEEK. ¦¦
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Broadhurst'a Greatest Laugh ins Succew. ;
WBY SMITH
LEFTBOME
An Avalanche of Fun. A Laugh In Every *
Word. A 8cream In Every IJno.
PRICES.. ISc. 25c. 35c, SOc and 7Sa
iFISCHER'SiMEAml
"OH., VAT SUCCESSFULNESS."
"YOU CAN STAND." PERHAPS."
"FIDDLE "DEE DEE"
Packs them again for the second great week
and all the new features mad« the
same bis hit.
Amber, Kolb, Dill, Bernard, Blake. Hennsen.
Kellar, Hope, Emerson 'and tha -rest of th*
artists captured the tremendous house to ths
very finish.
Get £eats hurriedly for the Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 25 cents anywhere; chil-
dren at Matinees. 10 cents. Nlxbt prices. 25o
and SOc. '
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
i ZBISLER,
PIANIST.
4 —RECITALS 4 I^T"!
METROPOLITAN HALL
TO-NIGHT.
THURSDAY NIGHT, WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY AFTERNOONS.
Reserved Seats— 75c. $1/ $1-60. ?2. On sal*
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
RACING
JS^^3*£"=S»5§«"""r Every Week Day—
fr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. K~~P
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at - the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway/ Oakland. These electric car*
BO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
THOMAS H. "WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Msrr.
WnKtr-'UrlLOOnrTiiF
mm t— nuwii fliniiMM ill fill' «H l mmilBiiirf»lf»MiWlM
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A CliEANI/Y AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline Tow-
ard Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists, believe ttmt in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention
of diseases.
To prevent a disease, remove the cause.
Just as~ unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes,
combs, "etc., will surely cause dandruff,
and, in time, will just as surely cause
baldness. - • ,
It's microbic x infection, nothing more
nor less.
Newbro's Herpicide kills the dandruff
germ; and causes hair to grow luxuriant-
ly. . Herpicide Is absolutely free from
grease or other injurious substances.
O — — — — — — — • O
NEW 1901
TRIBUNE
BICYCLES
¦ Fitted with G & J or Hartford
. Tires.
¦ LEA VITT & M,
; 307,-309 Larkin Street..
Send for Bargain List.
a a
For Stomach Disorders-
, Cout and Dyspepsia
\'^% DRINK :•>
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
: 220 BROADWAY. - N. T.
Dninpp Desirable location,
1 U115 VV unsurpassed' cuisine,
u n e qua led ser-
SSfBfl vice and modern
.. ullU conveniences are "the
. attributes ' that have
flf* fl ffi/1 ma(<e - these two . ho-
vll dill* tels popular with
': - '" '.¦' ¦/.:¦¦( tourists and travel-
H/vf/\|e ers who visit "San
ilUlwld Francisco. '
;•• -,"•-¦ . - ¦•¦-.- \ -• ¦,;-.;:,'
GOiKEI GOKE!
Cheap, Ciean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
\ naces and__Gopking. '}i^
There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
'Delivered «ln any -quantity. -Country order*
eollclted. P. A. McDONALD. 813 Folsom st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ra When Food Fails
r^*4 O^ its t Jf^UT*'HQS6
jter^l^i with consequent poverty of
S ii^S and energy
I SB ANHEUSER-BUSCrfS
a sure and positive correc-
l^^^^^^^j tion". It aids digestion and is
|^^^^|in.itself a food in liquid form.
i'S^Sl^^S' AH druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
vKiii^E^ranJP^ ¦ Sr * Vtrs °l tf " famous Budweiser. Mlchelob. '
SmM$m&g&3mZr BlacK G Tin. Pale-Lager, Faust. Anheuser- I
T^iaBMa**"^ [- Standard, Export Pal* and Exquisite.
Pears'
"Beauty is but skin-
deep 7> was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that .beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
'like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the world.
ARTIFICIAL TEETH
For the cost of material for those unable to
pay ordinary office prices. Teeth extracted
free. Fillings and crowns for cost of gold.
Open Sundays and Evenings. .
POST-GRADUATE ~DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor st., corA Golden Gate avel
to"*' iH HI fl WfJ iV J I
Snperlor to Apiol, Taney, Pennyroyal or StceL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. £ .
Apiollce Capsniea for ttires months cost $L
. Drnggiet or P. O. Box 2031, New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COKPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
lilKECT LINE TO HAVRB-PAKI3. Mfftr
fcatling evpry Thursday, instead of 4mhuajb
Eaturrtar, »t 10 a. m.. from pier 42. »XKBB&
North River, foot of Morton rtreet.
Flrct class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
daft to Havre. 545 and upward. GENERAL
AGEN'CT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson butldlng). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO..' Parlnc <Coaal
Agents C Montgomery avenue,: San Franclveo.
Tickets gold by all' Railroad Tlckft Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEES
FonTsTliA^Ai^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or HOSTICELLO
8:13 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday,' 8:45 a. m. t 8:30 p. in. Leave*
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 soon, <T p. m., excep:
gunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far« 60
rents Telephone Main 1608.. Landing and,
office pier 2. Mission-street dock. . HATCH
BROS.TO BAIL.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early.' morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence ns to time; the
lourth time column gives the' last tide of th»
day. except when there are but.three tides,, as
sometimes > occurs. < . The . heights given are . in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey chart?, except when a minus (>-!)
»lgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the - depth jlven ' by
¦ ifonday. April 14
Stmr China, Friele, 27 days from Hongkong
via Yokohama 18 days, via Honolulu 6 days
21 \<t hours. .
• Stmr Santa Barbara." Zaddart, (II hours from
Grays Harbor: bound to San Pedro; put In to
land parsenrer*. ;,; ¦ - . ,, , •
Stmr Dci.iatch, Johnson, 30 hours from AI
catraz Island.
Stmr W H I-trucer. Ahlin, CO hours from TIl
lamool:. ¦ . . . •
Ktmr Prorreeo. Scars, 10S hours from Se
attle, via Port Towt.s;nd 97 hours.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
fcun rises .... ...;.....'..;.... .......5:31
Sun :sets '..................''.¦.."..».. ...6:15
Moon- sets /........;.;... ¦.;.;. .....1:10 a. m.
. OREGON. . '
Yaqulna Bay. channel to upper end of mid
dle ground, page 48 — Channel rock buoy No.
0, a red, second-class nun, has gone adrift
from Its station. It will be replaced as early
as practicable.
WASHINGTON.
Willapa Bay, main channel across the bar
and up the Willapa River, page 68 — Outer buoy
a black and ¦vlute perpendicularly striped first
class can, marked "W. B." in white, here
tofore reported gone adrift from its position
has been replaced on its station on the outer
edge of the bar. - • :
By order of -the Lighthouse Board. - -
W. P. DAY,
Commander. V. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes In the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1002.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
: The bark R. P. Rlthet and the barkentlnes
Coronado and'W. H. Dimond will load general
cargo here for Honolulu. -
The bark Roderick Dhu goes to Hilo with
general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
San Juan's Big Cargo.
The Pacific Mail Company'! steamship San
Juan, which is due here April 18 from Panama
and way ports, will bring 250 tons of overland
freight and 14,000 bags of coffee.
The British ship Cypromene. well known in
this port. Is in trouble at ths Falkland Islands.
According to a dispatch received yesterday by
the Merchants' Exchange she put into the
Falklands in a very dismantled condition. Her
rigg.ng was cone and she had sustained other
damage. She was bound to Antwerp from
Oregon.
Cypromene in Trouble.
Captain McAIlum of the British ship Prum
craig. who some months ago lost one of his
legs in a railroad accident at Port Costa and
who but recently left St. Mary's Hospital, was
obliged to return to that institution yesterday
to undergo a second operation. Although the
Drumcr&lg is now at sea with another skip
per in charge, it is the intention of Bennett
& Goodall. the owners of the % - essel, to place
Captain McAllum again in command Just as
Been as he is able to assume the responsibility.
Returns to the Hospital.
Murdered by Bobbers.
SPOKANE. April 14.— The body of •Wil
liam Yeager, a Spokane carpenter, was
found yesterday lying beside the North
ern Pacific tracks eight miles east of
BprBPue. A bullet wound in the neck,
blackened by powder burns, showed the
cause of death. His pockets had been
turned insMe out. Two tramps, John
Decry and Thomas llcBride, have been
identified as having been seen with
Yeager the night before the murder. They
declare they can prove an alibi, but have
been taken to Sprague.
Train Is T>eralle.d at Hanford.
BAKERSF1ELD, April 14.— Train No. 33
of the Santa Fe- Railway was derailed at
the Southern Pacific crossing in Hanford
at 3 p. m. to-day. The engineer was un-
able to stop the train, and two engines
and one car went into the ditch. None of
the engine crews were hurt.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 14.— The steamer
Danube brought from tho north a lot of
wreckage picked up on Anlstazable Isl
and. Included in the lot are *be panels
of a soft-wood door, painted a reddish
color, and a salmon case and some labels,
••which has been identified as some shipped
trom Windsor cannery on both the ships
Red Rock and Beechdale. It is stated that
the salmon was in such a place on the
ship that it could not be jettisoned. The
tnen who visited the wreck of the Bristol
eay she is in about twenty feet of water
lying- on her beams. The one body found
In the vicinity was so badly decomposed
that it could not be identified.
Wreckage Is Found on an Island.
FROM SEATTLE.
LI/CARD— Passed: Arril 11— Br ship British
General, hence Oct "0, for London.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 12— Fr bark
Amiralde Cornulier, from Oregon. April 13—
Br ship Clackmannanshire, hence Dec 21; Br
ship 'Harllch Castle, hence Nov 19; Hr ship
Rajore, hence Dec 4. and sailed for Grimsby:
Br ship Norma, from Tacoma. and sailed for
Humburir.
Sailed Anrll VI— Ital ship Francesco Ciampa.
for Irswlt.'h. ¦- ,
HAV;KE— In roads April • 11— Fr baric Pierre
Lotl, hence Dec 7.
NAGASAKI— Arrived March 1C— Aus stmr
Mar;herita. from Oregon. ; ¦
ST VINCENT— Arrived March 31— Br snip
Palatfnla. from Oregon. . . — '
CALLAO — Snlled Aurll l.{— «nr« Coloma, for
Port Townsend.
HONGKONG — Arrived Anril 12— Stmr Peru,
from Manila. . - .
Sailed Aoril 10-^Br s'.mr Hyson, for Seattle.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to April 14— U
S stmr McClellan. from New. YorX . for. Ma
nila. '
SUEZ — Arrived; April 14 — Br stmr -Queen
Adelaide.' from Taonma, for United Kingdom.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aoril 11— Br stmr
Chlng .Wo. from Liverpool, for Seattle.
Sailed April 11- -Br stmr Empress of China,
for Vancouver. .
SAIGON— Sailed Arril 11— Br stmr Pak
Linr, for Liverpool.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 7— Stmr City of
Pira. for Panama. April 12— Stmr San Juan,
for San Fmm^Ih.'o.
SHARPNESS — Arrived April 12— Fr bark
Anne <le Bretarne. hence Dec 4. • - y
FALMOUTH- Arrived April 13— Br bark
East Indian, from Oregon. -
HULL— Arrived April 13— Br ship podiva,
from T-ieoma. ' ¦ ¦' • . : ' ¦
ST LUCIA— Arrived April IS— Stmr Ha
waiian, from Honolulu, and sailed April 14 for
Philadelphia.
PANAMA— Arrived April 13— Stmr Leelft
naw, hence March 28.
MANILA— Arrived April 13— U S stmr Han
cock,- hence March 15. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
"NEW YORK— Arrived April 14— Stmr Meno
mlnee, from London; stmr Anchorla, from
Glasgow. , , ' • • .
Sailed April . 14— Stmr Pennland. for Ant-
W HALIFAX, N • S— Arrived April 14— Stmr
Numldian, from Liverpool.
GLASGOW— Arrived April 14— Stmr Corean.
from Portland. > . ¦ —
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 14— Stmr.Geor-'
glc. from New York. ¦ • ¦ •
LYNE— Salted April 14— Stmr Hazel Branch,
for Sf.n 'Fwacltco.
GRKENOCK— Railed April 14— Stmr Lau
rent'an, for »V( York. • S '.
GIBRALTAR— Palled April 14— Stmr Hohen
'zollern..from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
"via Azores. ¦ ' ¦. ]
.Arrived April AX — Stmr Lahn. from New |
<Yorl.\ via Faval. for Naplosand Genoa, an.l
"proceeded. :,¦ . . : • - ' - . ' ' ¦- ~ ' _. '
Passed April- 14 — Stmr Glentrarry. from Ta- \
ccrra. via Hlipo, etc. and Naples, for London.'
CHERBOURG — Arrived April 14 — Stmf
Kronprlnz Wllhelm, from New York,' via Ply
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded.
Time Ball.
Branch , Ilydrographie Office. U. S. N.. • Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
April 14, 1002.
The Time Hall on the tower of the. Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich mean tlnie. ' •
W. H. STANDLEY. ...
-. .Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights ot Hlsh and Low
Waters . at • Fort Point, entrance to San
' Francisco Bay. Published by official au
rJ, thorlty of th« Superintendent.
•NOTE — The high and lew waters occur . at
the city front (Mission-street ' vharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the name at both placet!.
TUESDAY, APRIL 15.
BRITISH SHIP REPORTED AT
FALKLAND ISLANDS IN I A
DISMANTLED CONDITION. .
Steamer " Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
HONOLULU, April 8.-At the last mo
ment both the Republican and Home Rule
Republican parties nominated candidates
for tho special election to be held to.
morrow in the Fourth Representative Dis
trict to elect a successor to the late A. F.
Gllflllan. The Republicans named W. W.
Harris, a young member of fhe firm of
Lewers & Cooke. August Dreier Is the
nominee of the Home Rulers and has been
Indorsed by the Democrats. Dreier is a
German by birth and was naturalized
about' a year ago. i
After Dreier's nomination had been filed
with Secretary Cooper it was found that
his name was not on the registration list
for the Fourth District, and the claim
was made that he was therefore not qual
ified to sit as Representative. A protest
was made against his name being placed
on the official ballot, but Cooper took the
position that it was not his duty to con
sider the qualifications of candidates, but
only to place on ..the .ballots the names
of all who were properly nominated. The
matter was appealed" 7 to '•" "the- Supreme
Court and Cooper was sustained. (
In spite of the general belief that the
man elected will never take his seat, as
the present Legislature probably will not
meet again, there is quite a lively can
vass for vdtes. The Democrats made ob
jections to a plank in the Home Rule Re
publican platform which indorsed the Re
publican administration, whereupon the
Home Rulers stated that they had refer
ence to the administration of Hawaiian
affairs only. The platform was amended
to more clearly express this idea, and
the Democrats who were rebelling against
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
ot the lower low waters. ¦ •• -.
PHOENIX. A. T.. April 14.-Frank Pow
ers has sold a three-fourths interest in the
"World's Fair silver mine for $500,000 to
Thomas Brockman, D. M. . Harringer,
Senator Penrose and his brother. .The
buyers are the largest owners of the fa
mous Commonwealth mine at Pearce.
Powers has heretofore worked his own
mine, taking from it such money as he
wanted and whenever needed.
Sells Mine for Half a Million.
Reinsurance on the French bark Oliver ue
Cllsson was raised yesterday to 80 per cent.
Very little hope is entertained for the saftty
of this vessel, and the probabilities are thpt
within a very short time she will be posted as
missing. The Mahukona, out 108 days from
Zamboanga to Puget Sound, and the Eai:i
Ekoleneld. out 124 days from Manila. to Puget
Sound, were yesterday placed on the reinsured
list, each at 15 per cent.
Reinsurance Bates.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. A. Blom. Mr.
and Mrs. V. R. Castle, Miss Castle. E. L.
Collins George B. Dearborn. Mr. and Mrs. E«I
IMmond. C. D. Haven, Mr. and Mrs. P. C.
Jones. Miss Alice Jones. Mrs. Kenrick. Mrs.
J. Kincaid. MIfs P. G. Luster, Mr. and Mrfc.
J. Mallon, James D. Mallon, Mrs. R. D. Mead,
H. S. McGllvray, Mrs. M. Parker, Miss H.
Peterson, Mr. and Mrs. F. Peterson. M. V.
Prosser, W. W. Ricker. H. B. Schroctky. Mrs.
M. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. H. Schulfeldt M.
Schoeflfld. H. Tlerney, J. TIerney, Mrs. C. D.
Warren. Mints M. M. 'Warren. Miss K. War
ren. Miss H. G. Warren. Charles B. Warren,
J. M. Yapl*. Mrs. J. M. Yaple, L. G. Young.
From China and Japan— Miss K. Allen. T.
Aokle. T. W. H. Ashton, Colonel J. P. Brln
ton. Mrs. J. P. Brinton, Miss K. Brinton,
Mrs. W. B. Buford. L. J. Clayburgh, A. Coye.
W. K. Crofford. W. Davies. C. P. Fox, A.
Gaftney. J. Gow, Miss R. B. Lobenstein, K.
de Luca. J. H. Mahoney, Thomas McGrath, T.
D. McKay. MIfs E. L. MeKnight, Mrs. M. J.
Meek. E. S. Meserve, Captain F. L. Munson,
S. Ohkawara, Miss A. Rutherford, Franz
Schadc. Hans Slevert, Mr. and Mrs. E. R.
Spencer, J. S. Stratton, John Warburton, LI
Ting Kwal. Chang Kwai. Shi Tang Yung,
Hsu Chca.
Among the passengers were
The China encountered fine weather all
the way home. From Hongkong the voy
age occupied twenty- seven days, from
Yokohama sixteen days, and from Hono
lulu five days and twenty-one hours. ¦
Among those from Honolulu were Mr.
and Mrs. Ed Dlmond. and the most no
table of the Oriental passengers was Cap
tain F. L. Munson of the Twenty-ninth
United States Infantry. Captain Munson
has seen service in the Philippines and In
China, and is home for the purpose of
taking a well-earned rest.
brought over 350 passengers and
nearly 2C00 tons of freight. She brought
a large shipment of silk. It consisted of
741 bales of the raw material and 189 bales
of manufactured stuff. The shipment Is
valued at over JCOO.OOO. Of the passengers
263 were Asiatics, mostly Japanese, and
including three natives of the East In
dies.
THE Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China arrived yesterday
from Honolulu and the Orient a
day ahead of schedule time. She
VANCOUVER— Snlled . April 14— Br 8tmr
Empress of Ja ran. for Honekong. . • .,
Arrived Anril li— Ship J D .Everett, " from
Manila
FORKIGN PORTS.
HIIX3 — Arrived March 19— Shli; Murloh Chll
cctt. hence March 10. March 20— Bark Annie
Johnson, hence March 5; Imrk Amy Turner,
hene* March 0. March 25— Srhr o M KMlogK.
from Ballard. March 28 — Schr Ottille Fjord,
from Everett.
To «all April 12 — Bark Annie Johnson, for
San Francisco. Anril 16— Ship Marlon' Chll
cott." for San Francisco.
MAKAWELI- Arrived March .11— Bark WB
Flint, hence March 20. April 2— Stmr- Tam
plco, from Honolulu. ,
Sailed April 2— Ship Emily F Whitney, for
San Frt-ncif>?o. , •¦
HONOLULU— Arrived March 31— Fhl» R D
Cnrleton, from Tamsna. April 1 — Bktn Mary
Wlnkflman, from Newcastle. Aus. Ant 11 2 —
fi"hr Nokomls, from Oyster Harbor. April 3—
Brig Ccnsuelo, from Eureka. . April 4 — Ship
George Curtis, hence March 23: stmr Alameda.
h»nc.> March 20; stmr City of Pelting, ¦ hence
Marcii 23. April 7— Schr Aloha, from Port
Gamble: stmr China, from Yokohama.
8a41fd March 2ft— Bktn Archer, for Ban
FranoJsco. : Mnr^h .30 — TT S stmr • Meade. . for
Manila, via Guam; Jap slmr Hongkontr Mam,
for Sen Francisco; • schr Mary K Fodter. ¦' for
Snn Frnncisco.' April -1 — Stmr TamDlco, for
Makawftll: ahlp Marv L Cunning, for Port
Townsend. j April 7— rUktn S N Castle, for Ran
Francisco. • April 3 — Stmr OregronlBn, for New
Vork. via Xahulul. April 4 — Bark Gerard. <"
Totx>y. for PanTVan'-isco. April 5 — Stmr City
of Vcklnr. f"r Yokohama. . v : .
Off pert March. 3j— Br ship Kinross, from
Ovter iHnrbor, for Kihei.
KAHULTTI— Arrlvrd.: April 4— Stmr Ore
ronfnn. fr^m Honolulu. . : . :
TJ.vvj.Vi—SiUea .April 2— Schr .Rose.mond,
for Son Fronrif"-o. . . - ..
ISLAND PORTS.
NEAH BAT — Pafcsed In April 14 — Ktmrs
Pleiades and Edith, hence April 11, for Se
attle.
Pafsed out April 14 — Stmr St Paul, from
Oyster Harbor, for Unalaska; stmr Aztec, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco. -
SEATTLE— Sailed April 14— Schr Ralph J
Long, for Cooks Inlet; stmr Umatllla, for San
Francisco. , '
Arrived April 14 1 — Stmr City of Puebla, hence
April 11. April 13 — Stmr Bertha, from Val
doz; stmr City of Seattle, from SkaKway.
Arrived April 14 — Bark .Bis Bonanza, from
Acapulco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Ar>ril 14— H B M stmr
Shearwater, for Esquimau.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 14— Br bark Tor
rlsdale, for Queenstown; Fr bark Ernest Le
gouve, for Queenstown.
PORT HADLOCK- Sailed April 14 — Stmr
Melville Dollar, for New Whatcom. •
BANDON. Or — Sailed Anril 13 — Schr Corin
thian, for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY — Arrived Anril 14 — Stn.r
Manadalflj'. frr>m Coqullle River.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived April 14 — Stmr
Rival, hence April 10. .
TACOMA — Arrived April 13 — Sehr Salvator.
from Sallnaa Cruz. April 14 — Schr Expansion,
from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 14— Schr
Gamble, for Naknek.
' POINT REYES — Passed ¦ April lt-^Stmr
Pasadena, for E-jreka.
. SAN PEDRO — Sailed April 14 — Stmr Noyo,
for San Frnnel«co. ,'
Arrived Aorll 14— Bktn John Smltt. from
Port Blakeley; stmr Del Norte. from Crescent
City: schr Challenger, from Wlllapa Harbor.
Sailed ADril li— Schr W P Jewett. for Ta-
CC NE\V \V\\TCOM- Arrived April 14— Stmr
Mp1vI11» D<">lfSr. from Port Hadloek.v :¦ .
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April 14— Bktn
QuirkPten, hen^e April 3.
FORT' BRAGG— Sailed April 14— Stmr - Na
tional City. t»r Ran Francisco. &S" • '
' Arrived April 14— Ftmr National City, henee
April 13: s'mr Oo"ille River, henoe April 12.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 13— Stmr
Chehalls. hence . April 10. April. 14— Stmr
Grac« Dollar, : !irnce April 10.
EUREKA— Pnlled April . 14— Ptmr Pomona,
for San Francisco; bktn Koko Head, for Ma •
Arrived 'Apr 14 — Stmr Homer, hence Apr \2.
Arrived April .14— Stmr San Pedro, hence
April 1. .
PORT ANGKLES— Sailed Anril 14— Ship St
Paul, from Fflirhaven. for Alaska.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, April 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity d miles per hour.'
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, April. 14.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendocino.
Stmr» Calif arnla, Lyons, Seattle and.Hono
lulu. .• gr: . .
. Stmr Eureka, Jesscn, Eureka. .
.Stmr Redwood City. Hansen, Albion River.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. San Pedro.
h=hii> Slntram, Ekrem, Bristol Bar.
Bark Albert, Griffith, Honolulu. ,-.
SPOKEN.
. March 24, lat 2 N, Ion 30 "W— Ital bark
Carlo P, from Oregon, for Queenatown. - •
. MISCELLANEOUS.
MALIN HEAD, April 12— G«r ship Rigel,
previously reported from Donegal LJay, In tow
returnlnr to r>ort.
LONIAJN, April 12— Br ship Cypromene,
from Antwerp for Oregon, put Into Falkland
Islands March 25 with rigging damared, be
sides other injuries ond sundry losses sustained
during heavy weather.
LONDON, April 14 — Acajutla telegraphs that
the Chil stmr Cheribon, bound to La L.ibertad,
was stranded on Point Remedios. Ten feet of
water in the hold. Feared will be a total loss.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Monday. April 14.
Ship Luclle. Anderson, Bristol Hay; Pacific
Salmon Canning Co.
Bark Himalaya. Thompson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' As«sn. . -
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher,' 03 hours from
Nanalrr.o. ¦ • ¦ ¦ . '
Stmr National City, Johnson. 14 hours from
Fort Brag?.
Stmr Alcanar. Martin. 43 hours from Port
Los Ar.'lft.
I Stmr Signal, Bendecaard. 4G hours from
Cccs Bay.
' Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, 81 hours from
Newport and way :>ort».
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 40 hours from San
Pedro. ¦
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt. IS days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Wine and Wing, Olsen, 8 days from
Siuslaw River.
Schr S Danlelson. Larsen. ' 13 daye from
'Slujslaw River.
Sehr Mary Etta. Halvordsen, 0 days from
Siuslaw Itlver. . •>
Schr Western Home. Lembke, 3 days from
Coos Bay. • -¦ ¦
Schr Gem, Nygran. 3 days from Coos Bay.
Schr J B Leeds, OI«en. :t days from Eureka.
Scramble to Secure Va
cant Seat in Hawaiian
Legislature.
Army orders— The following board will
meet at the Presidio of £an Francisco
for the examination of candidates for ap
pointment to the West Point Military
Academy: Captain John V. White, artil
lery; First Lieutenant Henry S. Green
leaf, assistant surgeon; First Lieutenant
Milton E. Lando, assistant surgeon, and
First Lieutenant Preslet K. Brie, artil
lery. First Lieutenant Douglas F. Duval.
assistant surgeon, is relieved from the
transport Thomas on its arrival at San
Francisco and will proceed to Fort Wil
liams, Maine. The following officers are
ordered to the Presidio of San Francisco
for examination: Second Lieutenants
William H. Plummer, Third Infantry;
Charles E. Reese. Fifteenth Infantry;
George R. Crawford, Eleventh Infantry;
Charles S. Tarlton, First Infantry; Rob
ert S. Knox, Twenty-fourth Infantry;
Robert K. SpUler. Twenty-sixth Infantry,
and Arthur F. Halpin, Eighth Infantry.
"WASHINGTON. April 14.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Austin Wiley.
Arcata; George B. Baer, Cloverdale; John
Jv, Turrentine, Escondido; Perrin D. Hurl
but, Merrillville. Washington — William
A. Buckley, Sprague; Edwin L. Brunton,
Walla Walla.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— ChriSLian Autenrieth.
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $6; Jacob
Zerby. Veterans* Home, Napa, *6. Mexi
can War, original— Martin Credo. Na
tional Military Home. lx>s Angeles. JS.
War with Spain— James V. Coburn. Stock
ton, $6. Increase— Ferdinand Sutterer,
Pomona. $10; Michael O'Donnel, San Fran
cisco. $10; Michael J. Quarters (Qualters),
Ban Francisco. ?£; William Jennings, Saa
Francisco, $12; William W. Elliott. Los
Angeles, $8; Owen Conner, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12: Alvin Button, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angtles, $S; Harvey Norton,
Berkeley, $6; Jonn Henry, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; Edward Jones, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; James Otterson,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; Georce
C. Dean, San Francisco, $12. Widows-
Mary B. Youngman, Los Angeles, *12.
"Oregon— Increase — Thomas Coats, Ban
don. $12.
Washington— Increase — Edwin Lake, Col
fax, $12; Oliver J. Graham, Spokane. $8:
John E. Coursey, Seattle, $12; James M.
Sweetland, Clifton, $17; David N. Lake,
Tekoa, $10; John Carsley, Orting, $12.
Widows— Mary Sheppard, Olympia, $12.
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes Are Made in the
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MAY NOT SERVE
WHEN ELECTED
BUSY BURGLARS
REAP A HARVEST
Ransack San Bernardino
Homos and Carry Off
Much Booty.
SAX BERNARDINO, April 14.— Four
burglaries in this city and one in Colton,
a near-by town, were reported to the po
lice to-day. AH the houses entered are
occupied by the wealthy class. The
largest haul was made at the Colton
home of E. D. Roberts, ex-president of
the San Bernardino National Bank.
Mrs. Roberts was awakened early this
morning by a noise in her room and
awakened her husband. Upon investiga
tion it was discovered that a burglar waa
retreating from the bedroom. Roberts
commanded the burglar to throw up his
hands, which he did, but kept backing 1
away until he reached the door, when he
turned and ran. He took with him jew
elry to the value of $230.
Four houses were entered In this city,
including those of J, T. Oakey. J. , B.
Frith, James Fleming and John Barton,
all among the finest residences in the
city. A small amount of jewelry and
money was obtained at each place and $35
in cash was taken from Carton's pocket.
In every . instance entrance , was gained
by forcing a window. It Is thought
chloroform was used In every case.
SPOKANE. Acril 14.— Five Japanese labor
ers were attacked by three white robbers last
night In the section house at Kline, on the
Northern Pacific, about : thirty-five miles west
of Spokane. The three overpowered the five
Asiatics, bound them and robbed them of their
watches and money. The Japanese were dis
covered some hours later and released.
the indorsement of the Home Rulers ap
pear to be satisfied. '
STOCKTON, April 14.-Mrs. M. K. Man
ley of this city, mother of Clinton Man
ley, who shot -Bert Patton at Carters,
says that. Lulu Curtis, second cousin ot
Patton, was doubtless the cause of the
tragedy. Patton is in love with her, but
she cared nothing for him. while she and
Manley were quite friendly. Manley, who
Is well known here, has a reputation for
not permitting any one to slander a
woman In his presence. It te believed the
shooting • was caused by some slighting
remarks made by Patton about the girl.
Manley, is about 27 years old and Patton
23. Both are six-footers. Manley was
never known to carry a revolver.'.
loung Manley said this afternoon, thai
Patton had made threats against his life
previous to the encounter. Anticipating
trouble, , Manley armed himself with a
revolver.' The young. man admits having
tired the first shot, but Claims that it was
done In his own defense. The whole quar
rel, so Manley claims, arose over Patton
slandering a young, lady with whom h«
was' keeping company. Manley is now
out on bail. -
The trouble between the two is said to
have arisen over the; attentions paid by
Manlty to. a , young, lady residing here.
Maniey comes trom StocKton, wnere his
mother,- Mrs. to. K.v Maniey, resides in
the Cortiand rooming -house. The. young
man has Leen here some time in the em
ploy ot a mining company. His lather
also reslo.es here.
The shooting created much excitement
and ror a lev, . moments mose who wit
nesseo." It '. were uasl'd. on recovering
themselves friends (it the yuung men iook
both I away, heroeit Patton is not be
lieved to be fatally wounded. Manley sus
tained only a rlesn wounu in me arm. tie
is suid to have been, me first to.lirn and
is now in jail on a charge of attempted
murder. • . .'.'."- ¦ ,- 1
TUOLUMNE, April 14.-Cllnton Manley
and Herbert: Patton, two young men of
this . place, fought a -duel at a late hour
last night with pistols in a public place.'
The two attacked each other on' sight.
Manley lired ln'st. the bullet striking Pat
ton in the left breast and bringing him to
the lloor. Ah h^ was falling he made a
blind shot in return' and the bullet struck
Manley in the arm. Munley discharged
his' revolver" again, but mussed his oppo
nent. !
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
TACOMA, Wash., April- 14.— Henry
Bratnobcr. the noted but close-mouthed
mibing expert of San Francisco, is again
visiting^ Puget Sound. He has represented
the London Exploration Company in this
country for years and has made numer
ous' trips for that London concern, in
which the English branch of the Roths
childs family are large stockholders. The
object of Uratnober's present visit to th<;
Northwest was unknown until to-day s
mail from Skagway brought the news
tlfat Jack Dalton has bonded his copper
claims in the upptr itainy Hollow district,
\id\ ond Porcupine, to the .London Ex
ploration Company for $125,000. John Vick
trs has also given a working bond on his
property in Uainy Hollow, presumably to
SVatnoDer's company. In July, 1S97, Brat
nober was jumped by cable orders from
Western Australia to facoma ana ordeitd
by the London Exploration Company to
investigate the Kionaike. Keturniug trom
Dawson he walked out over the 'Oaiton
trail, picking up Mail Carrier Carr, who
had become lost- Bratnober then noticeJ
some rich copper prospects adjacent to
wjjat subsequently became the Rainy
Hollow discoveries. He has since main
tained an active interest in that section,
and at one time contemplated building a
railway inland from Pyramid Harbor. ¦
Later he experted the Treadwell gold
mines and arranged for their purchase by
the corporation which now controls them.
Close Puget Sound acquatntam.es ot
Eratnober have learned that he made a
large fortune on one of his recent trips to
Western Australia. lie and another min
ing man are reported to have exparteu a
large mine, the stock of which had great
ly declined by unfavorable reports in the
London market. They cabled orders for
large stock purchases and then took hold
of the mine and opened up new ore
bodies. The stock again went soaring and
tbeir clean-up resulted.
Slighting. Remarks Abcut a
Girl the Cause of the
• Combat
k London Exploration Com
pany Is Said to Be
Behind the Deal.
Both Use -Revolvers and
-..';¦. Each Stops a
Eullet.
Noted Expert Secures
Mines in Rainy Hol
lo w District.
BONDS VALUABLE
COPPER CLAIMS
TUOLUMNE YOUNG
MEN FIGHT DUEL
8
THE SAN EUAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY; APIML 15, 1902.
Big Liner Reaches Port a Day Ahead of Schedule Time— Her Cargo
Includes a Big Shipment of Silk Valued at $60(XOP0.;
CHINA ARRIVES FROM THE ORIENT
WITH MANY ASIATIC PASSENGERS
O Time Tlm« ;• Time Time ¦ •¦;.
g. y*~ Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W L W H W ; L W .
15 4:42 r Ti iiT« "04 "eTw ~7£ *7~T ~7!T
L W H W L W ' H W
16 0:17 2.0 0:04 4.5 12:42 O.fl .7:45 6.0
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.C 1:3S 0.8 8:31 5.3
18 2:20 1.8 8:31 ,4.7 2:33 1.1 »:in B.O
in 3:1C 1.4 0:32 . 4.S 3:10 1.3 9:51 -0.0
20~ :5:57 1.0 10:27 4.0 a:B« ' 1.6 10:27 5.5
21 4:30 0.7 11:10 4.0 4:34 l.f) fl:01 6.5
22 ,0:16 0.0 12:05| 4.7| 5:10| 2.2|11:34 5.4
fctfamer. i From. .. - | Due.
From.
I Due.
Sequoia. .... .j San Pedro ..." [Apr. 15
NeKo . ... Hamburg via West Coast Apr. IS
Sinta Monica San Pedro '. ..: . Apr. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 13
Crescent City Crescent City .'.*. ....... Apr. 15
J'cinona Hutnboldt ... . . ;...... Apr. 15.
Alamcda Honolulu- Apr. 1.1
O. XV. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 13
Victoria...'. t Oyster Harbor Apr. 15
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Apr. 10
Coos Hay. ... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Uir.atllla.... I'uset- Sound Ports. ...'. Apr. 17
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Aiena.. Point Arena Apr. 17
Ukmc. Portland - & Astoria. . . . Apr. 17
Kureka Hnmholdt Apr. 17
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Apr. 18 I
Rival.' Wlllapa Harbor Apr. 18
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mandalay... Coqullle River Apr. 18
North Fork.. iHumboldt ......: Apr. 19
O. Dollar.... i Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Columbia...; I Portland &' Aitorla.... Apr. "0
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
fcp.rta Cruz. . Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Sonoma...... Sydney *Way Ports... Apr.
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Purbl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa' Ana... Seattle & Taconia Apr, 22
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Australia.... Tahiti •T........... Apr. 28 i
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Corcnado. .
Arctic
G.CLind'er
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
NcTvburg. .
S. Mcnlca. .
Santa Cruz.
Queen
Rainier....
Alliance...
fits. to Cat..
I'omona. . . .
Arcata
J.S.Klmb"!!
Empire. ...
«i. ct<i«r. ..
Acapulco...
April 15.
Grays Harbor S pmlPler 2
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 8 pm|Pler —
: China & Japan...... 1 pmtPMSS
Seattle & Tacoma. . . 10 am Pier 8
April 10.
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Huroboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
Newport A Way ft» w «lnjt^«c ll
Puget Sound Ports 11 am I Pier 9
Seattle & N. What. B'pmPltr 2
April 17.
Portland & Way Pta 10 am Pier 10
Ban Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt .... 1:80 p Pier »
Coos Bay & Ft Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Seattle A Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
l April 18.
Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
ABlorio iv I'nrtiHnil II am t'lrc it
Panama ft Way Pts 12 m PMS3
April 1O.
Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
Point Arena 2 pm eiir i
Honolulu 2 pm Pier T
Nomo via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
April 2O. ,
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
fcan l'edro * Way. \t um fit-r n
Astoria & Portland ...... Pier —
April 21.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Wlllapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April 22.
Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 2
April 23.
China. & Japan 1 pm PMSS '
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pmlPler 2
Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
April 25. -
Golofnln Bay-Teller |Pler —
Eureka....
Pt. Arena. .
Alameda...
Portland.'..
Bpokane. . .
«_o>» tiny.,
Lakme.....
Umatllla...
Mandalay..
Rival.
Ncrth Fork
China
O Dollar. .
Columbia. .
EffSleK...|
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Bertha...... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. Apr. IS
EantaAna... Cooks Inlet & Way PU. Apr. 10
Cottage City. Pkajsway & Way. Port*. Apr. 18
rity Prattle.. Skajrway & Wax Ports. Apr. J7
Dolphin ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
City of Topeki Skagway A Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Nam»City... Nome direct ..',.. Apr. 21-
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2.1
Jeanle.'. . Nome' direct Avci 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jtfr. 25
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Bertha...... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. Apr. IS
EantaAna... Cooks Inlet & Way PU. Apr. 10
Cottage City. Pkajsway & Way. Port*. Apr. 18
rity Prattle.. Skajrway & Wax Ports. Apr. J7
Dolphin ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
City of Topeki Skagway A Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Nam»City... Nome direct ..',.. Apr. 21-
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2.1
Jeanle.'. . Nome' direct Avci 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jtfr. 25
O Time Tlm« ;• Time Time ¦ •¦;.
g. y*~ Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W L W H W ; L W .
15 4:42 r Ti iiT« "04 "eTw ~7£ *7~T ~7!T
L W H W L W ' H W
16 0:17 2.0 0:04 4.5 12:42 O.fl .7:45 6.0
17 1:23 2.5 7:22 4.C 1:3S 0.8 8:31 5.3
18 2:20 1.8 8:31 ,4.7 2:33 1.1 »:in B.O
in 3:1C 1.4 0:32 . 4.S 3:10 1.3 9:51 -0.0
20~ :5:57 1.0 10:27 4.0 a:B« ' 1.6 10:27 5.5
21 4:30 0.7 11:10 4.0 4:34 l.f) fl:01 6.5
22 ,0:16 0.0 12:05| 4.7| 5:10| 2.2|11:34 5.4
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Corcnado. .
Arctic
G.CLind'er
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
NcTvburg. .
S. Mcnlca. .
Santa Cruz.
Queen
Rainier....
Alliance...
fits. to Cat..
I'omona. . . .
Arcata
J.S.Klmb"!!
Empire. ...
«i. ct<i«r. ..
Acapulco...
April 15.
Grays Harbor S pmlPler 2
Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 8 pm|Pler —
: China & Japan...... 1 pmtPMSS
Seattle & Tacoma. . . 10 am Pier 8
April 10.
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Huroboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
Newport A Way ft» w «lnjt^«c ll
Puget Sound Ports 11 am I Pier 9
Seattle & N. What. B'pmPltr 2
April 17.
Portland & Way Pta 10 am Pier 10
Ban Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt .... 1:80 p Pier »
Coos Bay & Ft Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Seattle A Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
l April 18.
Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
ABlorio iv I'nrtiHnil II am t'lrc it
Panama ft Way Pts 12 m PMS3
April 1O.
Humboldt ....12 m Pier 13
Point Arena 2 pm eiir i
Honolulu 2 pm Pier T
Nomo via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
April 2O. ,
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
fcan l'edro * Way. \t um fit-r n
Astoria & Portland ...... Pier —
April 21.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Wlllapa Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
April 22.
Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 2
April 23.
China. & Japan 1 pm PMSS '
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pmlPler 2
Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
April 25. -
Golofnln Bay-Teller |Pler —
Eureka....
Pt. Arena. .
Alameda...
Portland.'..
Bpokane. . .
«_o>» tiny.,
Lakme.....
Umatllla...
Mandalay..
Rival.
Ncrth Fork
China
O Dollar. .
Columbia. .
EffSleK...|
fctfamer. i From. .. - | Due.
From.
I Due.
Sequoia. .... .j San Pedro ..." [Apr. 15
NeKo . ... Hamburg via West Coast Apr. IS
Sinta Monica San Pedro '. ..: . Apr. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 13
Crescent City Crescent City .'.*. ....... Apr. 15
J'cinona Hutnboldt ... . . ;...... Apr. 15.
Alamcda Honolulu- Apr. 1.1
O. XV. Klder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 13
Victoria...'. t Oyster Harbor Apr. 15
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Apr. 10
Coos Hay. ... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 17
Uir.atllla.... I'uset- Sound Ports. ...'. Apr. 17
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Aiena.. Point Arena Apr. 17
Ukmc. Portland - & Astoria. . . . Apr. 17
Kureka Hnmholdt Apr. 17
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Apr. 18 I
Rival.' Wlllapa Harbor Apr. 18
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 18
Mandalay... Coqullle River Apr. 18
North Fork.. iHumboldt ......: Apr. 19
O. Dollar.... i Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Columbia...; I Portland &' Aitorla.... Apr. "0
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
fcp.rta Cruz. . Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Sonoma...... Sydney *Way Ports... Apr.
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Purbl Puget Sound Ports Apr. 22
Santa' Ana... Seattle & Taconia Apr, 22
Argyll....... New York via Panama. Apr. 24
Australia.... Tahiti •T........... Apr. 28 i
ADVEET1EEKEK-T&.
jjOSJlJTElilS
¦For. that-rundown tired feeling
in ihe Spring, there is no medicine
toequal the B:tter<. It will re-
store the ''appetite, purify the blood,
and cure Dyspspsia, Indigestion,
Nervousness, Insomnia and
I CURE MEN
O Of flee Hours — S a. m. to S:3O p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Never sold by Drue Stores.
Fir IW r IWrl *nitflii! n ?^ :^ ar * e * St., Cor. Kearny
1/lY 111* Vt IfltLail^nil II9 (Lotta's Fountain). San Francisco
WITH LAME BACKS
WITH WEAK NERVES
WITH RHEUMATISM
WITH LOST VITALITY
with all those signs which tell a man he
Is breaking down, losing: his grip. I have
the remedy which gives back that snap,
fire and vim of youth. My cures sell my
Belt. They prove what I say about it.
Mr. A. C. Hammond, 39 Merchants' Ex-
change Building. San Francisco, says:
"Your Belt has cured me at the age or 73
of weakness in the back and kidneys, and
has given me more- vigor and sound
health than I have had for years."
A man is like a steam engine. It takes
steam to make him go. My Belt pumps
that steam into him.
That's how it makes so many old men
feel young.
Mr. A- Crawford. Pokegama, Or., says:
"I am 70 years old, but your Belt has
made me feel like 35.'*
Try it, you weak men; you will find youth and vigor In it after ©very-
thing else falls.
Call and test It. free, or I will send you my illustrated book, free, if you
will enclose this ad. '•*.¦ :V '.- ¦'-:
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
eoctmoHT itM vi the raocTCR * camsve co. Cincinnati
AS TO CLOTHING.
ESS^^IHERE is an epitaph in. a Vermont church-
i$\<$i ar^ : "I expected this but not so soon/*
|^je| Such is the epitaph on clothing worn out
livV::^:^:! [ n the wash-tub. » Underclothing may be
fragile, yet it ought not to. wear out in ten weeks.
But this isn't wear ; it is decay. You buy 5 cents.
worth of cheap soap and you lose the equivalent of
50 cents in. the wash-tub. Ivory Soap will not harm
the most delicate fabric Is it wise not to use it ?
; IVORY SOAP IS 99«>t£> PER CENT. PURE.
See . Picturesque America^
i; -~- — r —
The Pictureaquc Places and the Picturesque People of
this Picturesque country^ • „ • ¦
are--pa^sed; by tK&CAlffDIWIA. LIMITED
The World's Crxrm tor |j
Krtaral Uxattva Miaera I Water.
I It is the Best and Safest rem- |ej
edy for disordered stomach, Em
I biliousness and liver trouble, sSn
I and It Cures Constipation. BJ
»j£ Drink one-half glassful on KS
arising in the morning and you [g§3
I will feel the remarkable and |||
I agreeable effects in a short §H
Always Ask for Pa
Hunyadi JANOS IS
(Full Name). If you simply pal
y ask for Hunyadi Water you gig
I may be Imposed upon. " Hm
\ DOTTLE MAS CLUE LABEL' fM
WITH RED CENTS E. hs\jchemistry. His home Is In thl3 city and
he graduated from the Berkeley High
School with the class of 1898. Ha waa a
member of the school nine and early de
veloped good ball playing qualities.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The pioneers of
Washington Township held their annual
reunion Saturday night at Centerville. Of
the original one hundred members there
are only eight surviving. Those In at
tendance were Thomas W. Mlllard. John
C. Whipple. John Buchanan, Sebastian
Franz. Henry Dusterberry, Frank R. Con
stance. William Berry and C. J. Healey.
To the last one of the eight will be In
trusted the funds of the association, and
he will hand the money to the trustees of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery at Irvlngton
to keep perpetually fresh the grave of
Iven J. Tiloche, the pioneer who organized
the association.
Pioneers Hold a Reunion.
OAKLAND. April 14.— President Louis
Schaff er of the City Council reappolnted
all of the standing committees of that
body to-night without change. The Coun
cil rescinded a resolution adopted at ths
last meeting which requested all salaried
officials and employes under statutory pay
to withhold presentation of their war
rants until after July 1. It was explained
that this course would not be necessary
to avoid a deficit for the present fiscal
year provided economy were exercised in
municipal expenditures.
In committee of the whole the proposed
change in the fire limits was recommend
ed for passage. The Board of Health
was directed to furnish a report on ex
penditures for watchers and others em
ployed In the smallpox quarantine.
Councilman Wallace made a protest
against the telephone service. Chairman
Boyer appointed him a committee of one
to Investigate concerning the subject.
The Council appointed C. S. MacMullen
for one month to expert the - assessment
rolls.
questing Officials to Withhold
"¦ Salary Warrants.
City Council Rescinds Resolution Re-
STANDING COMMITTEES
ARE ALL REAPPOINTED
BERKELEY, April 14.— The University
of California cadets were reviewed this
morning by Rear Admiral Henry Glass. 1 .
U. S. N. ' commandant of the Yerba «
Buena training station; Lieutenant Com
mander A. C. Almy, U. S. N., and Lieu
tenant Kipp of the Marine Corps. Cap
tain Henry de H. Waite, commandant of.
the cadets, accompanied the visiting offi
cers. The review and parade was suc
cessfully -carried out and brought forth,
many compliments from the naval men.
Officers of the review were detailed as
follows: Acting colonel, Captain R. S.
Springer; acting lieutenant colonel, Cap
tain J. M. Eshleman; acting major First
Battalion. Captain F. M. Allen; . actins
major Second Battalion. Captain J. H.
Pearce; acting major Third Battalion,
Captain E. M. Wright. .-
At the close of the review the visiting.
officers, with Captain Waite, • Colonel
George C. Edwards and F. S. Glass, Rear
Admiral Glass' son and former univer
sity student, were entertained at lunch
eon at the Zeta Psi fraternity house.
Naval Men Visit University and
Watch Parade of Student
Regiment.
OFFICERS FBAISE
CADETS IN REVIEW
Sybil Deimel. aged 50 years, and Jame3
A. Burke await examinations for insan
ity.. Mrs. Deimel claim3 to have been ren
dered irresponsible by a blow from her
husband, and Burke is a vagrant prisoner
at the County Jail.
Judge Ellsworth committed Mra. Mary
Prior to Stockton because her relatives
say- she Insists on taking poison.
Manuel Fernandez became suddenly vio
lent in Berkeley to-day and had to b»
strapped down. Judge Melvln committed
him to Stockton.
Drs. Medros and Adams were for com
mitting the old man, but Judge Ellsworth,
was in doubt and continued the hearing
until to-morrow to give Jensen a chance
to bring in some witnesses.
While on the stand the father talked
rationally enough. He exhibited a bank:
book that showed a deposit in a New
York bank. He declared his son was try-
Ing to get rid of him and get the bank
book.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 14.
• Father and son arraigned each other
bitterly during an insane examination in
Judge Ellsworth's court this afternoon.
Major Charles Jensen, formerly In com
mand of a battalion of th© First Califor
nia Regiment, was there to support a
charge of insanity against his aged father.
The father denounced the son, saying that
he was trying to rob him of his fortune
by sending him to an Insane asylum on a
trumped-up charge.'
Major Jensen denied the accusations of
the old man. He said he brought him
here from New York ten years ago and
has been supporting him ever since. Not
withstanding the old man had everything
he wanted, he went begging among the
people, bringing disgrace upon his family.
Daniel Woolley and Major Jensen's two
married daughters related how the old
man growled like a dog and threatened
to exterminate them ail. Woolley had a
struggle with him- when he tried to sup
press him, and came near getting cut
with a big knife In Jensen's hands.
riva Lunacy Cases Engage
the Attention of Judges
and Doctors.
Major Charles Jensen
Says Parent Is
Insane.
Miss Evelyn Kennedy Will Wed John L/Scarle
: Sc me Time in Month of Jun'k
FATHER AND SON
FIGHT BITTERLY
TALENTED BERKELEY GIRL
ANNOUNCES ENGAGEMENT
THE SAN riSAXCISCO CAtU. TUESDAY; .APRIJ, 15. 1902.
BERKELEY, April 14.-Arthur Me-
Keown has been chosen captain of the
University of California baseball nine for
next season. The election was held at a
banquet of the players given In San Fran
cisco Saturday night. McKeown was the
unanimous choice of the varsity men.
.Captain McKeown has played for three
years on the university nine. His position
during this" time has been left field and
he has proven himself a very able player.
His fielding was particularly brilliant this
season in spite of the fact that he lost
several weeks' practice on account of a
dislocated hip which he suffered during a
game. He is a fair batter and one of the
best base runners on the team. ¦
McKeown is a student In the college of
Head of College
Ball Nine.
I -
Arthur M'Keown Chosen
VARSITY TEAM
ELECTS CAPTAIN
Town Trustee, full term — J. I. Barnelro.
47 j. Lvnch, 236; S. V. <lu BoiB. 173; J.
rvVwHori. 130. Short term-J. S. E. Hop
!%££!£ f. SSffi»: B. E. Gray. 149;
E Tr L ea S ure?-JoyephKerrscher. 248; Max Hal
"Shil-M. Geisonhofer. 32S; M. J. O-Brien,
106; Jesse Blood«woiih. 2«.
Incumbents Win at Haywards.
HAYVf ARDS. April 14.— There was con
tiderable excitement at the election to
day In view of the fact that some of
the members of the Town Trustees had
charged Town Clerk J. A. Obermuller and
Town Marshal \V. J. Rainage with hold-
Ing the town collections for licenses and
not making prompt settlements with the
Treasurer, there was no little activity on.
both.6ides. Obermuller and Ramage both
made their defenses and asserted that the
charges were sprung a few weeks before
election in order to accomplish their de
feat it possible. As the Town Trustees
had held several meetings to discuss
these charges just at the approach of the
election, the voters of Haywards were
very much Interested. The two officials
against whom the charges were made de
clared that they would go to the polls for
vindication, and the other side went as
in a shower of votes to-day.
While there were charges and counter
charges during the campaign, and one
faction tried to show that the other fac
tion had changed the form of the ballot
and done all kinds of things that are
wicked ta the. eyes of a highly moral elec
tion law. and even blows were resorted to,
the election to-day was very quiet. It
vras, however, very stubbornly contested,
and every vote that could be mustered in
the town was brought out. The election
generally resulted in a victory for the
element that now controls the town aa
ministration. The contest generally
hinged upon who should be Town Attor
ney—John N. Frank, who at present holds
the position, or M. L. Rawson, whom
Frank succeeded some months ago. Frank
Mill be supported by the Trustees who
were elected to-day, the holdover mem
bers of the Town Board being also
There was a special flght made a'gainst
J. S. E. Hopper for the unexpired term
of the board, as it was claimed that Hop
per's friends had tried to fix the ballot so
that Hopper would have no opposition for
that term. Mr. Hopper, nowever, agreed
to a final change in the ballot, which gave
him opposition in the person of I. B. Ury.
Mr. Hopper was elected by forty-seven
a hard fight for City Clerk,
there being three candidates in the field.
L. J. Martin succeeded in defeating R. fc..
Gray, the present Clerk, and E. L. Mc-
There'is always a fight against Joseph
Herrscher for Town Treasurer, but Herr
echtr was re-elected to the position he
has held so many years. Max Halverson,
however, ran within 33 votes of Her?;
M. Oisenhofer was elected Marshal
without any trouble. He has held the po
eition for many years.
The vote cast was as follows:
SAN" LEANDRO, April 14.— The
town election, the campaign pre
ceding which began with blows
and trouble two weeks ago. ended
BERKELEY, April , : 14.— Rev.',: Herbert
Cash of Long Beach has been called to
the pastorate of the Friends' ; Church in
this city. ¦ He was • engaged / for " several
years in evangelistic work in Idaho and
Oregon. x^mz^&HfrJ&Stt&kmSii&it?,':- -;.
Called to Pastorate.
- OAKLAND, - April . : 14.— School Census
Marshal "Albert 'J." Brown, will commence
to take the school census of this city-to
morrow. His: deputies are C. E. Walcott,
Reginald Goodsell, ; : D. C. Owen, George
Atklnson;' : G." Clement, C. A. Gard, C. O.
Wentworth; - Benjamin- Beynon. Ethel C.
Haas, Frances i Grey, ? George Mason, Ed
ward • W. ' Owen and C." A. Klinkner.
Will Commence School -Census.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The trial of the
suit of J. McCosh Smith to • compel the
directors of the Gold Mining Company
to account for 60,000 shares of stock that
was turned over to two of their associ
ates for promoting the company proceed
ed before Judge Hall to-day. Mrs. Mar
garet Bunnell, from whom the mine was
bought, was the principal witness. She
was subjected, to a searching examina
tion by Attorney Asa Mendenhall for the
defense as to her connection- with' tha
corporation,
Struggle Over Mining Stock.
Crown, "H.Grieb; sceptre, LV Soehlmann: ap
ple, J.. D." Feldermannj ring, H. Schult; head,
W. Dresslar;ineck, W. Kreutakamm ; rieht
wing, . C. - Stein : left wing, ; C. ' Koebrer ; : right
claw. L. Soehlmann;* left claw, . J. A»Mohr
tall"-W.^B: J Meyer. . . ' - .- ¦',
-OAKLAND, April 14.— The annual. eagle
shoot. o£ the Red: Men's Schuetzen' Com
pany was " held \ to-day at r. Shell* Mound
Park. -This was ; the second ,; day. of the
yearly contest and; the shoot closed suc
cessfully. " C. Stein won the king prize for
bringing down, the last piece of the eagle
Other prizes .were won as follows: ¦
Yearly Contest Held at
. Shell- MoundT '
C./ Stein Wins, the King; Prize at
Lives With Bullet in His Brain
OAKLAND, v April 14:— Charles Ma!n<»
the 10-yearVold boy who wfs shot by fiis
companion, Charles Green, yesteroav in
Berkeley ..while the, boys were hunting
lies at the. Receiving Hospital, hovering
between lifeand death. Th* doctors are in
doubt whether he will live or not " The
bullet is in the brain and they have not
been able to extract it. The boy who did
the shooting has not been sought by the
police. • . .' ¦ ¦ " • •¦ . ; .' -' ¦.¦_... ....
BED MEN; HOLD THEIB
ANNUAL ,; EAiOLE SHOOT
OAKLAND, April 14.— Licenses to
marry -were' Issued -to-day to % John R.
Beck aged 21,' and Jennie M:' Weymouth,
aged IS, both of < Livermore; Julius N/
Rodehburg; 24, Prescott.vAriz., and Inez
J-Neal, 24,« Oakland; Hartford TV Bro
beck, u 27, ' Cloverdale, and Mary C. Brown,
26 Oakland; Roger G. Garety, 21; and
Minnie A. Shore, 26, both of San Fran
cisco."'- ;. •• .••.'¦'•.¦: . ". .' ¦'•¦.' '""•..'
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 14.— Samuel Swift for
twenty-five years a member of the Ma
sonic fraternity and nearly all that time
an officeholder in Brooklyn Lodge No 225
passed away at his home,'. 1112
East Sixteenth street. A -complication of
diseases, from which he suffered for threfi
years, was , the -cause of. death" The
funeral will be held to-morrow under the
auspices of- Brooklyn Lodge in-East Oak-
In addition to being', an enthusiastic
Mason Mr. Swift' took an active inter«i?
in local affairs He was onceameS
the Board of Education and secretary at
the Twenty-third , Avenue Improvement
Club. He was a native of Massachusetts
af iS d 73 y , e ; ars nd 10 months. He leaves a
widow, Mrs. Emma -N. Swift, and one
daughter, Mary H. Swift. •
Oakland, Succumbs After
Long Illness. '
Samuel Swift, Pioneer Citizen of East
Among his property holdings is the Im
provement on Thirteenth street, near
Broadway, which. is occupied by Albert
Brown and produces $350 a month rental.
Mr. Hamilton 'is married and has, an
adopted daughter. :
Mr. Hamilton has been failing for a
long time, but his condition has been se
rious for only a short period. Two years
ago he made a European trip in search of
health. He retired from business several
years ago, having accumulated consid
erable property from his investments.
Mr. Hamilton was one of the first set
tlers In Colusa County. He followed the
trade of blacksmith before coming to
Oakland., Here he established himself as
an undertaker and was very successful.
He is among the leaders in Masonic cir
cles, being a member of the Knights
Templar branch of the order.
Former Coroner of Alameda County
and Prominent Mason Is in S
Critical Condition. . f
OAKLAND. April 14.— William T. Haim
llton, former Coroner of Alameda Coun
ty and one of the prominent men of Oak
land, Is dying at his residence, 401 Vernon
street, from softening of the brain.
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON
DYING AT HIS HOME
James R. ; Sloan, president, Knights of
Pythias committee.
J. E. Holmes • Jr., . socretaiy, : Knights of
Pythias committee, v
J. N. Bonham. treasurer, Knights of Pythias
committee. . . ' . ¦ ¦ •¦¦-. ,
Supreme representative, Colonel George Sam
uels. ;"-¦"•¦ '-. '•"'¦. .¦¦>¦¦
¦ Finance committee, ¦ Knights of Pythlas-^-"W.
P. Dillon, Alameda; J. s. SandholcU, Cehter
vllle; C. B. Bryant, Berkeley; C. W. MUller
Oakland; James R. Sloan, Oakland.
Committee of : Board of Trade — Sol' Kahn
president; J. Tyrrell, , George E.,Falrchild. '
Committee or . Merchants' ; Exchange — Theo
dore Gler, chairman; A. /Jonas, A. H. Schleu
ter. G. W. Arper, W. H.-f Wellbye. . , .
Funds Are Required to Meet the Ex
pense of a Celebration Dur T
ing Conclave.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The joint .com
mittee of the- Knights . of Pythias, the
Merchants' Exchange and . the Board of
Trade In charge' of the proposed celebra
tion In Oakland during the Pythian Con
clave has issued an appeal for money.
The committee calls attention^ the fact
that 10,000 Knights will parafe In Oak
land on August 14, which has been set
aside as "Oakland day" " In the official
programme. ' ¦'¦: : ¦•;¦.'
The committee writes. that prizes must
be offered for competitive drills, transpor
tation from San Francisco ¦ to Oakland
paid ¦ and. . food, decorations and music
provided. It Is confidently . expected that
the day will be attractive enough to in
duce many thousands, of visitors to in
vade Oakland. '
The committee in charge is composed
of the following representatives: ;
Dr.' Max Muehlenbruch, chairman, finance
committee, Knights of t»ythias.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 14.
¦ Ap anti-saloon convention has been
called for Friday evening, April 25, In the
First Presbyteiian Church. The conven
tion .was suggested by , the State Anti-
Saloon League and was taken up by the
anti-saloon people of Alameda County.
The convention will be for the. purpose of
starting a local . option campaign in the
county and for -the consideration of
measures that will further- the work. In
which the State , Antl- Saloon , League is
engaged.' There will be several speakers
who will urge the ,work of ' the State
League, but the bulk of the work will be
thrown upon the delegates, who will be
asked to suggest Ideas and carry out the
plans that shall be .suggested. ¦ *
The convention will consist of five dele
gates from every church in ;Alameda
County. Three of these delegates will
come from the -entire church body, one
from the Sunday school and one from the
Young People's Society; of .Christian En
deavor of • the church. -V The various
churches of 1 the county have " been asked
to name delegates before. the date of the
convention. \. ¦_
ThiS'iS the outgrowth" of a movement
that has been in progress in Oakland for
some weeks under the leadership of Jtev.
E F. Fish. -A local ., federation , of
churches has been in progress of forma
tion f the pastor -of each -church and two
lay delegates constituting the representa
tion of i each church in. the central body.
This central . committee , is already . a
strong body and is, intended to bring the
anti-saloon feeling. In .the churches to a
focus.' • ;. • :¦ • ' ' ;'.:¦¦
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS .
V APPEAL FOR MONEY
Anti-Saloon Convention
. Called to Meet on
r* i i"i"i"rv:-U"i"fW»-f-f^~M..H.44^. 0
OLD MEMBER OF MASONIC
FRATERNITY PASSES AWAY
PLEASANTON, April 14.-Less than'
one-half of the registered vote erf the
town was cast at the election to-day and
had it not, been for the election booth
people could hardly have told that an
election was in progress. I Only 107 votes
were cast out of 255 registered, and there
was but one ticket in the field. Some
few scattered votes were cast for town
characters, but the following were elected
for another term, all of them being the
incumbents: Clerk. J. H. Neal- Marshal
E. E. Head; Treasurer, EL. Benedict-'
Lewis^ 8 " 116 "^ RGlmen V and *™*
Pleasanton Election Quiet.
EMERYVILLE, April 14.— There was no
contest in this, town for any office, and
only about one-half of the registered vote
was cast at the election to-day. This is
the, first time since* the organization of
the town that there has been no contest
at the polls. All of the officials who were
elected to-day are af present serving the
town in the same capacity for which they
have been chosen for another year. The
elected ones are: Clerk. Jdhn C. Coburn:
Marshal, Morris H. Lane; Treasurer,
(Shanes G. Mayborn; Trustees— W H
SI 1 ?,? 11 ?', John T - Doyle and ; William
Fieldwick.
Emeryville Is Solid.
Knox and Murphy are at present in the
board.
well. While there has been much excite
ment and talk for some'weeks, the elec
tion itself was Quiet.".
Obermuller and Rainage both "won out
by very good majorities.
The vote cast to-day was as follows: .
Town Trustee, full term— A. S. Jones, 212;
A. L. Graham. 189; T. H. Martin, 175. Short
term — No opposition. P. Wilbert, 158. *
Clerk— J. A. Obermuller, 202; William B.
Zambresky; 139. - .-
Marshal — W. J. Rainage, 210; R. T. Lewis,
129.
Treasurer — E. B. Haas, no opposition.
One Big Fight in Livermore.
LIVERMORE, April 14.— There was one
big fight at the election to-day— that for
Town Clerk. W. H. Wright, the present
Clerk, was elected to that office once
more over M. G. Callaghari by the nar
row margin of 36 votes. The two candi
dates for Clerk absorbed the attention of
the voters, for there were no contests for
Trustees, and the fight for Marshal was
very one-sided, .fight brought out
261 votes, the largest cast at a town elec
tion for many years; but while the vote
was large and the contest earnest, there
was no ill-feeling. D. A. Smith, the pres
ent Town Marshal, was reflected, over
Jacob Johnson by a large majority. W.
H. Taylor had no opposition for Treas
urer, and the following were chosen
Trustees, also without opposition: T. E.
Knox, Max Berlin and D. J. Murphy.
MEN WHO WERE "PROMINENT IN YESTERDAY'S ELECTIONS IN
TOWNS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY, WHICH RESULTED FOR THE
MOST PART IN THE RE-ELECTION OF INCUMBENTS. .
"This is like playing Hamlet without
Hamlet," said W. H. Barnes, in extenua
tion of the absence of the Su-
Master. Then he went on to tell
about the advantages of the Workmen's
order. He was . followed by other grand
officers, who delivered, short addresses.
Musical and literary numbers interspersed
the speaking. ' . •
The arrangements . for the affair were
complete and represented the work of sev
eral weeks by a committee. composed- of
the following named: W. J. Hall (chair
man), J. S. Gilmore, M. Isaacs, F. L'Heu
reux, R. B. Nixon, W. B. Gree/ibaum, E.
F. Jones., ¦
Grand Master Freeman delivered an ad
dress that explained the greatness of the
United Order of Workmen.
There were a number of Grand Lodge
\>fflcers on the platform when Chief.: of
Ceremonies and Past I Grand | Master
Charles E. Snook called the assemblage
to order. These were Grand Master E. a.
Freeman, Grand .Receiver Samuel Booth,
Past Grand Master W. H. tBarnes, Grand
Recorder C. T. . Spencer, Grand Foreman
Dr. F. W. Browning, Grand Overseer C
E. Dunton. Grand Medical Examiner Dr.
J. L. Mayon and Past Grand Master D. S.
Hirshberg. • - - * : r.
The Supreme Master's train stalled itself
and its human freight ¦ somewhere • be
tween Oakland and Ugden. The reception
committee did not want to wait .until to
morrow, so they let the programme go
forward.
Supreme Master Workman A. C. Hard
wick did not arrive in' Oakland to-day, but
that did not interfere with the reception
that was planned in his honor for to-night
by the A. O. U. W. lodges of , Alameda
County. t The Workmen all kept their en
gagement to congregate at Masonic Hall,
and everybody, had a good time. ' ' . ' '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,'
111S Broadway, April 14.,
Reception in Hardw.ck's
Honor Takes Place
Without Him.
PUN FIGHT FOR
LOCAL OPTION
Mrs.''C. C. Clay was at home quite in-
A series of ' informal "at homes" are being
given by Mra. Valentine Hush complimentary
to her daughter. Mrs. Frank R. Wells, and
the ladies will continue to receive every Mon
day durinz Mrs. Wells' visit. No formal in
vitations are issued for these delightful affairs,
but the many friends of the family will gladly
avail themselves of the opportunity to once
more greet their favorite, the Jean Hush of
other days, now Mrs. Wells, "«
The Hush mansion in Fruitvale was tha
scene of a brilliant gathering to-day, many
euests calling durinK the afternoon. Mrs.
Hush was assisted in receiving by Miss Flor
encevHush. Miss Grace Baldwin. Miss Elsie
Marwedel, Miss Ray Wellman and Mrs. Wil
liam. Mazee. .
OAKLAND, April 14.— The engage
ment of Miss Evelyn Kennedy of
Berkeley and John Lester Scarlett
of Ventura has been announced.
The wedding will take place some
time In June and will be a very quiet af
fair, owing to Mr. Scarlett's recent be- ¦
rxavement in the death of his father,
John Scarlett, who was" a prominent and
¦wealthy rancher of Ventura County.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mr,
and Mrs." R. T." Kennedy, well-known resi
dents of Berkeley,' and has a large circle
of friends. She is a winsome : girl, tal
ented and accomplished musically, being
the possessor_of a sweet soprano voice
which has been 'well cultivated. She isr
«. graduate of the Berkeley High School.
- The Cosmoa Club met to-day at the resi
dence of Mrs. Paul Lohse. The next meeting
will be fit Mrs. E. G. Lukens' on Lake and
Jackson streets. - ¦ ,
• « •
_Mrs. Charles A. Jackson was the hostess to
day at the pleasant meeting of the "L" Whist
Club. The prizes, which are always pieces of
hand-painted china, were won by Mrs K
Gonzales and Mrs. Chadwick. Miss Sallfe
Worley will entertain the club on the 28th.
Among those present were Mrs. J. J. Medros
Mrs. H. Blaisdell, Mrs. Chadwick. Miss Sallie
Worley, Mrs. John Milton. Mrs. N. A. Ball
Mrs. F. H. Dorsaz. Mrs. H. Gonzales, Mrs!
Brown. -Mrs. Day, Mrs. Will Lang. Mrs. Comp
ton. Mrs. J. Maher. Mrs. Moodey and Mrs.
M. Ry le. .
The meeting of the Hill Club to-day at. the
residence of Mrs. Julien Mathleu was as usual
a most interestlnr one. • A humorous * short
story was read . by Mrs. ¦ Mathleu. j and Mrs.
Gilbert Belcher read an article by Elbert Hub
bard entitled '•Botticelli.'" Mra. William
GarthwaJte gave a delightful vocal selection
with a flute , obligate by Mr. Mason. A solo
on the flute was given by Mr. Mason, accom
panied on the piano by Mrs. Mathleu. Th«
club will meet next Monday at the residence
of Mrs. Ella Hughes on Walsworth avenue.
formally Uf-day and a great many called to
meet Mrs. Harden Crawford, nee Clay, who
is visltins her old home for the first tlm«
since her marriage a year agro.
A- large reception will be given by Mrs. Clay
next. Saturday from 4 to 7 in honor of Mrs.i
Crawford. :The invitation list is a Ions one
and includes gentlemen as well as ladies. The
affair will be the most interesting jriven at
Level Lea since the marriajce of the daughter
of the house.
TALENTED BERKEEEY YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO
JOHN LESTfeR SCARLETT OF VENTURA HAS JUST BEEN AN
NOUNCED, THE WEDDING TO TAKE PLACE IN JUNE.
SUPREME MASTER
FAILS TO ARRIVE
OAKLAND; April 1 ; 14.— •?AU-day-f or-a-:
dollar", excursions under the "auspices of
the Board of Trade are .bringing a lot
of new people to the east side, of the bay.-*
There were eighty- excursionists' last
day and to-day. more than fif.ty took ad *
vantage of the extended trip. The first
excursion was not much of a success be
cause of insufficient advertising,, but- the.
Board- of Trade has taken steDS to ; let
tourists know that there is something of
the kind to be had. From now on a steady
increase in the. crowds is expected.. . :
The excursion - takes people -to I every
point of interest on this side of -the bay
in a day, all for $1. -It. takes them' to
Berkeley, to Piedmont, to Hay wards,: and
at the end of :a^ day of • sight-seeing it
takes them to a good dinner at the &Iet
ropoie Hotel. ..:,;•. ..-v>:.-'- .-. '.
Board of New; • Advertising
Feature Attracting California sK
' ..¦ : .. Touristsr : '.:':r.v-i/-'?
rOLLAR EXCURSIONS
SUING NEW PEOPLE
BERKELEY. April'. 14.-Inyestigatipn
this morning as to the' causa of ¦, the | fire
which partially .destroyed .Yate's "& Ran-'
kins' grocery on 3 Dwlght '¦y'.way". last'
night developed the fact \hat they, blaze'
was caused by burglars. A "hole six inches
in diameter had been made" in' the ."rear
door by means of brace and bit." Through
this hole the burglars opened the door.
Marshal Kerns believes that the fire was
set to cover up a burgiary or was-acci
dentally set while the robbers' were at
work. As the interior of the- store was
destroyed it is impossible to tell whether
if had been robbed previous *o the fire. ¦
Besides Tates & Rankins' loss, which
reached J1000, the Hop Wo & Co. bazaai
and the Gee Thang laundry, adjoining the
store, suffered damage to the extent of
about $250. • - • -
Bora Hole Through .-Back
Doer and Gain, an • ¦ ; : .
' Entrance. : " ;\ . ; ¦
Burglary.
Burglars A Id ] ncendiar
, i^m to Crime: of. :•
ARE A STORE
TO HIDE DEED
SAN LEANDRO'S BITTER CAMPAIGN
ENDS IN A VERY QUIET ELECTION
Result of Fight for Trustees Means Retention of Town Attorney
Frank— Other Municipalities Choose O, fibers*
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES... OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
A WHOLE FORTUNE
Good Food and Good Health.
"To make a long storjr short, I have
l«;en using Grape-Nuts ever since. Have
gained 29 pounds in five months and my
health is perfect. It Is a pleasure to be
plump and healthy and feel well again.
I am a professional nurse and naturally
appreciate this change In my health."
Lucy N. Richardson, Box 164, . Logan,
Ohio.
"One never to be forgotten day Sister
came up from Columbus to visit me. Sho
brought a package of Grape-Nuts to see
if the food would agree with me. I
found the new food very dellcions with
cream, and It caused me no pain or dis-
turbance whatever.
"For years and years I was tortured
with flatulency, heart burn, bloating,
tenderness of the stomach, and many a
time I cried bitterly because of my great
distress.
"I want to tell you of the enrative
properties of the good food Grape-Nuts,
ar.d will say they are a whole fortune to
cny one suffering as I did for years with
a Et.omach eo rebellious as to be almost
useless to me.
This food tale from a trained nurse Is
worth reading:
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, 6a.
.- •¦ •^ the poison.the disease cannot be reached with washes.salves,
ek MS JlyjF powders or other local applications. S. S. S. restores the
deteriorated blood to Jits normal condition, stimulates the
sluggish organs, and all the waste matter is eliminated /"—""»*. *%
through the proper channels. S. S. S. makes the V^^ iC^
blood rich" and strong,- and under its tonic and invigo-
rating effects the general health improves, and the N^/ fc**V
skin' becomes soft and smooth again. Vw '^ *.
S. S. SI contains no minerals but is guaranteed purely vegetable.
Write us if you medical advice; this will cost "you nothing.
Illustrated book on skin diseases sent free.. - -x
mmm'—m^mmmm—mam f^tacks the hands and feet. Unsightly eruptions
m Emm £ n * n t^ te s^ a P e °* pimples and blackheads break out
upon .the face, neck and shoulders as a result of
polluted" blood, . and this humiliating' disease is called Acne. Local
remedies afford but scant relief. The blood and system being saturated witli
m .'_,' _. am^maivmmmm ma tteroozes, forming into sores, scales
J$%M B M B& 34f fri B Sfiffl or scabs this is weeping Eczema,
*7 ¦ O . " ¦ - -" . commonly called Salt Rheum. " These
acid poisons sometimes dry up the natural oils and the skin becomes
hard and dry, often cracking and bleeding .and causing intense pain and
fearful itching. This form of Eczema is known as Tetter, and oftenest
mo^gftr CEuS1^9 sBf tt# BU Milm jm • t_*t-.cj*i.'
¦. ¦_ • . ¦ .-¦_¦. . . , >.. poisons "winch, liad. tneir
way into the blood, and are forced by the circulation through the glands
and pores of the skin, causing, it to burn like fire, and the incessant
itching allows no rest night or day. • Eczema appears in a great many
different forms, beginning frequently as a mere redness of the skin, fol-
lowed by little blisters or pimples, from which a clear or straw colored. mm < I -¦ .->..
NEW YORK. AdHI ¦ 14.— All grades of re
fined burst were reduced five polnt« to-day.
• BERKELEY, April 14.-The hundred or
more students s who ; were dropped ', from
the: University of California rolls on ac
count of refusing to obey the recent vac-'
clnation order were allowed to return
to their classes ; to-day. As ¦ many more,
however, have been absent during the
last. week on account of. illness from in
oculation. "' One of - the worst cases Is
that of Mark Daniels; a freshman in the
college of mechanics, who is threatened
with the loss of " his • arm. - The ' virus
caused a sore which is now at a critical
stage. It broke to-day; fortunately, " and
Dr. "A: A. D'Ancona, one of the Univer
sity . physicians, hopes to avert r amputa
tion. At'last drill the military- department
.excused 200 students on- account of-ill
ness caused by the vaccination they had
undergone. : . •
Virus Threatens, Loss of Arm.
Appraisers have fixed the damage- done
by Friday's fire . at $5137. N Several ¦ rooms
In the rear portion of the convent' are" be-'
ing utilized for kitchens and dining quar
ters. Classrooms and dormitories for the
pupils of\ Notre Dame have been fitted -up
in Lafayette Hall. The sisters also have
taken- aparlpients In the same building.
When the Bchool term closes, about the
20th of next month, the nuns will go to
Notre Dame College, in San Jose, thereto
remain until:their new home here is ready
for occupancy. *? r •¦.:¦¦ \
ALAMEDA, April 14.— Notre Dame Con
vent, which ; was extensively damaged- by
fire Friday morning, is to be constructed
anew. The structure now standing is to
be torn- down and on its site a modern
two-story building will be erected/ It was
at first ¦ intended to repair the damaged
structure, but this plan has been aban
doned. . f '
Building Damaged by Fire Will Be
Replaced by Modern Two
* Story Structure.,
NOTRE DAME CONVENT' TO
BE CONSTRUCTED ANEW
EERKELEY, April 14.— The Town Trus
tees of Berkeley to-night finally shelved
the proposition of the Santa Fe .Railroad
Company to give bonds for the proper'
running of trains through Berkeley and
the building of a proper depot. At the
meeting Trustee Ryder moved that the
report of the special committee of the
board that a $50,000 bond be exacted for
the performance of this work in con
sideration of the franchises requested be
adopted.
Trustee Staats moved as a substitute
that the ' report be received and filed and !
Trustee Rickard moved that it then be
indefinitely postponed. These two latter
motions were carried, and this means that
the Berkeley Trustees will not grant the
Santa Fe the franchises it desires through
the town unless It submits to a clause in
the franchise requiring the proper opera
tion of trains and the building of a proper
depot. ; - k ¦¦-'; '.•/ .. : . ": . . ; /.
Berkeley Trustees Refuse to Accept
. Santa Fe's Proposition to^A";
, Give Bonds.
FRANCHISE MUST CONTAIN
TERMS OF AGREEMENT.
Chris Buckley Buys Property.
A deed -was filed In the County Record
er's office yesterday . by which Elizabeth
Ina Joy and Charles F. Joy conveyed to
Christopher F. Buckley a lot on the east
erly corner -of Market and Spear streets
for the sum of $123,000." The lot has a
frontage of 45x10 Inches on Market street
and a depth of 160 feet.
Rev. M. V. Donaldson, the Vacaville
clergyman who was forced to leave his
charge owing to unbecoming conduct
with young women belonging to his con
gregation, lined up with the other
"drunks" before Judge Mogan In the City
Prison yesterday morning. He was al
lowed to go. He looked as if he was on
the verge of delirium tremens. He re
marked as he left the prison that he was
a ruined man and 'did not know what he
would do next. .. -
Rev. Mr. Donaldson Discharged.
The relatives say that they know of no
reason for suicide and regard young Ma
guire's death as an accident. r \i--i
Maguire, who was only 22 years of age,
paid, a visit last Sunday night to his
mother, on Van Nes« avenue. He left
her house at midnight and nothing un
usual was observed in his demeanor. He
was a son of P. J. Maguire, master car
builder of the Atlantic division of the
Southern Pacific Company at New Or
leans. George Maguire, who is employed
in the claims department of the Southern
Pacific Company, is a brother of the de
cedent. - --. -.J.-'- .•-.. :'-.V; ' A.' .
' John N. Maguire, a clerk in the Tamal
pais Railroad Company's office at 621 Mar
ket street, was found asphyxiated yester
day morning in his room in the Marechal
Niel, 404" Ellis street. Gas was flowing
from an open gas jet when. the body was
found. ¦-¦;;.-, a .-' .v;.r--
Somewhat* Mysterious Death of a
Young Clerk^ for the Tamalpais :
. Railroad Company.
JOHM" N.MAGTJUIE FOUND
£h-?£ asphyxiated in bed
The demurrer of Rev.* John - Hemphlll
and his wife Lizzie, owners of the build
ing at 607 Post street, and of F. J. Rath,
proprietor of the restaurant in the build
ing, to the suit for $20,000 damages filed
against them by the parents, of John
Herzog, who was killed there last June
by a fall from a platform In the rear of
the building, was -sustained by - Judge
Hunt yesterday. According to the com
plaint great . carelessness was displayed
by the defendants. The demurrer was
made - on - the ¦ ground that the complaint
did not state sufficient cause, for action.
This was sustained by Judge Hunt, who
gave the plaintiff>'ten days In which to
file an amended complaint. •;¦ '.v-_>--;
Hunt Sustains Demurrer.
Young ¦ De Baere, In excusing his con
duct to the court, made the simple an
nouncement/that Kahn had insulted hl3
mother and the memory of his sister
when he served thesubpena summoning
Mrs. De Baere to court. Further than
this he would not say, but it was learned
from those interested in the case- that
Kahn had been unnnecessarily brutal in
serving the papers.
The row grew out of a contest for the
custody of the. children of Bartholomew
Felvey, ¦ who was married to young De
Baere' s sister. Mrs. Felvey .^died three
weeks ago at the home of her parents,
and since that time Felvey has been
striving to . get control of the offspring.
His j mother-in-law opposed his petition
and the matter was brought up yester
day in court. The case was continued un
til next Monday. ' '
When the assault occurred De Baere
and Kahn were surrounded by womon
and children, and when the blow was
struck the women screamed, and between
their screams could be heard the hoarse
voice of the young man who was strik
ing in -defense of theNoame of his dead
sister. Young De Baere. was taken before
the Court and given a lecture on the
propriety of -making a "rough house"
in the presence of such an august per
sonage, as the court. He was notified to
appear next Monday and show cause why
he should not be punished for "his te
merity. '• ... -v;-v.^
William de Baere, an honest young
teller, avenged an insult offered the mem
ory of his deceased sister yesterday and
wasi made the subject^bf . a lecture : by,
Superior Judge Coffey therefor, though
the avenging . act was committed in the
corridor outside the courtroom.
*De Baere landed fully on the jaw of
Alfred Kahn, a process server, whom he
claimed had Insulted his sister's memory
and ; his mother in serving a legal docu
ment in a contest over the custody of hla
late Bister's" two little children.- Kahn
went to the floor and only escaped further
punishment by ; the arrival of Deputy
Sheriff Costello and the attorneys inter
ested in ' the case.
George F. Gray, 'the contractor, and
Madge E. Gray, his former wife, appeared
in Judge Troutt's court yesterday in an
swer to a summons issued on petition of
Mrs. Gray, who had her ex-husband cited
to appear and show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt of court
for failing to pay her the alimony ordered
by the court when she secured a divorce
from him in 189S.- Gray claims that he is
linancially unable to pay his former wife'
the sum ordered by the court three yejxs
ago. Judge Troutt took the matter un
der advisement, r
A suit': for v divorce was filed against
Robert Campe by Ellen Camps "yester
day for, failure to provide.'
Divorces were granted - to Angle Cun
ningham from John J. Cunningham for
intemperance . and failure to provide, and
j ennie H. Carey from J. H. Carey for
neglect. - • . -
Lena McLennan brought "a^ayit for di
vorce against Roderick. McLennan yes
terday on the ground of failure to pro
vide and extreme cruelty. She alleges
that for the, last two years he \ has com
pelled her to depend upon her own exer
tions for the support of herself and two
children. She alleges further that her
husband frequently sharpened knives In
the presence of herself and two children
and threatened to kill her. When Bho
vas not present on the occasions when
he brought forth the knives,- she alleges,
he would cry out in • the presence and
hearing of the children: "Where is she".'
I want to find and kill her." She alleges
further that he frequently struck, kicked,
beat and choked her. '
Gustave . Foff " is suing - Sidonle Foff for
divorce on the ground' of cruelty. He al
leges that his wife neglects their three
children and is frequently unable to.at
tend to her household duties. ;
B. C. Terhune; is suing "Wi H. Terhune
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide. She accuses him of compelling
her to I provide for herself for the last
year. They were married atj,Santa Bar
bara In 188S. .; M ,_ . ' "^
Elvira Calegarls, wife of th» -Italian
druggist of that name, '-filed* a' suit for di
vorce yesterday on the ground of deser
tion. ' She alleges that her husband de
serted-, her .three years ago. Mrs..Cale
garis- asks for .the custody of the , five
children and a division of the community
property,: which she estimates to be worth
$G0,000. ; The couple were married sixteen
years-aeo.'^ r ' ¦.-¦ ¦ ;¦:,'- , . : \ . \l ', ¦ "
Says He Deserted Her Three
Years Ago —'Other
Suits Piled.
Judge Ocffey Takes a Hand
Through A ffair Occurs
. in Corridor.
William de Baere Re
sents Insult tb;iSis
yter's Memory. ."
, . .... .... '-
Wife of Italian Druggist
jAsksfor Half of His
Property.
PROCESS SERVER
RECEIVES BLOW
MRS. CALEGARIS
SEEKS DIVORCE
6AN DIEGO, April 14. — The case of Isaac
Trumbo of San Francisco, ordered to appear
la court to-day ta explain matters connected
with his receivership of the Free Gold Mining
Company, has been continued to May 11, at the
request of his attorneys. . «r
' FORT SMITH, April 14.— A special to
the Times from Salissaw, I. T., Bays;
One of the most brutal murders ever com
mitted in the Indian Territory took place
a few miles east of Stilwell. A white
man named Dudley killed his 10-year-old
daughter, fatally wounded two other
children and seriously wounded his wife
Dudley has been taken to Salissaw to
prevent his : being lynched.
One Man's Brutal Deeds.
WILLITS, April 14.-M. N. Gragg, wh^
•was employed In building the road to
Muir's sawmill, four miles south of here,
was fatally injured this afternoon by an
overtime blast. Two blasts were set and
one went off. Gragg returned to fix the
second and it exploded, almost tearing his
right leg from the body and covering- him
with debris. He was resetted by fellow
laborers and brought here. It was found
necessary to amputate the injured -leg.
Badly Injured by a Blast.
MODESTO, April 14.— Modesto 'and Oak
dale will undoubtedly be connected by an
electric or steam railroad within one
year. B. N. Griffiths of Fresno and W.
C. Ambrose, formerly of the Southern
Pacific Railroad engineering corps, have
made a proposition to the Board of Trade
to construct the road If . rights of way
are secured for them on an air line at
Oakdale. Rights have been guaranteed
to Clauston, on the Santa Fe line, and the
remaining distance of six miles will be
undertaken by the Board of Trade, with
every prospect of success. Surveyors will
be in the field within two weeks after the
rights of way are secured. The railroad
may be extended to the Santa Clara Val
ley.
Propose to Build New Railroad.
OMAHA. Neb., April 14.— Fifty thousand
acres of grazing land ¦ was purchased to
day, by. a party of sheepmen of Western
Wyoming. The land lies along the Union
Pacific Railroad and is grant land. < These
sales are said to be the first of a large
number to be consummated In the near
future. The buying of the land, said one
of the purchasers, is part of a. plan to
force the cattlemen out of the district
over which there has been so much strife.
Sheep Men Buy Land.
"ALBANY, N. Y., April 14.— The- party
that will accompany Governor Odell
his Western trip will leave . Newburg ''on
the afterpoon of Saturday next. They
will reach Charleston on the morning of
Aprih22. The party will consist of the
Governor and Mrs. Odell, Senator Ells
worth, B. B. Odell, the Governor's father,
the Governor's two sisters, the baby girl
and its nurse. After leaving Charleston
they will proceed to Los Angeles, where
they will remain for about four weeks.
Returning, they will make the trip by
.way of the Canadian Pacific Railroad.
Western Trip o^ Governor Odell.
VALLEJO, April 14.— A member of the
crew of the English ship Glenalvon to
<iay complained of heart trouble. The
captain states that a short time prior to
fcis arrival at the navy-yard the I man
complained of heart trouble. He believed
the man shamming Illness, but called In
a physician. To the latter he expressed
this opinion, and after a thorough ex
amination the doctor forwarded the cap
tain a written opinion stating that the
man was shamming illness. The captain
called the man before him to read this
opinidn, intending to follow it with a re
buke, but before the reading of the doc
tor's statement was concluded the sailor
fell to the deck dead.
Time Before Thought He Was
Shamming.
Physician Who Examined Him Short
ENGLISH SAILOR DROPS
DEAD ON VESSEL'S DECK
The chief danger to Germany no longer
lies in American combinations exporting
their surplus stocks, but from the Im
pending commercial collapse of the United
States. It will then be found that in the
Interests of self-preservation the United
States will dump its goods upon the Euro
pean markets, thus disturbing the entire
economic life of Germany to an extent
never before . realized.
The paper declares the United States is
standing upon the threshold of an eco
nomic and financial crisis. Although the
conditions In the United States are out
wardly flourishing, it says the situation In
Germany immediately preceding the crash
in that country was equally favorable, i
VIENNA,. April 14.— D.ie Zit, In an edi
torial article to-day, expresses gloomy
forebodings concerning the economic po
sitions of the United States and Germany.
Declares the United States Is on the
Threshold of a Financial
Crisis.
HERMAN PRESS GIVES VENT
TO GLOOMY FOREBODINGS
The route leads through the Copper
River country, the Tanana district and
many other promising mining localities.
The harbor at Valdes is one of the few
really good ones in Alaska. The northern
terminus. Eagle City, is almost in the
heart of the great Klondike country.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 14.— It is ex
pected that work on a railroad from Val
des to Eagle City will be rushed to com
pletion without delay. The company
which. It Is said, will construct the road.
Is an English and American concern and
is capitalized at £3,000,000. The distance
to be covered by the railway is 400 miles.
It will provide an all-American route to
the Klondike. It is the Intention of the
company* to begin operations at several
points along the route in order, to facil
itate and hasten construction. . .-».
All-American Route to
the Klondike.
New Railway Line Will Provide an
WILL BUILD ROAD FROM
VALDES TO EAGLE CITY
That they take themselves can always
find the latest Premo, Poco and Eastman
cameras, albums and books on photogra
phy and camera supplies of every sort at
fairest prices when they call on Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
People Proud of Pictures
is a modest ending of an action to re
cover a million and a half. Pearson sued
James J. Hill and the Great Northern
Railroad Company on an alleged contract
claiming that he was employed by the
railroad company to operate coal fields in
Montana and Washington. His claim was
that he was entitled to a percentage of
the value of the fields which he.claimed
to have discovered. /• \
The railroad company declared tnat the
coal fields which Pearson claimed to have
discovered were well known long be
fore he found them and objected to pay-
Ing his royalty demanded.
The $500 which is allowed is for salary
for the time he was engaged by the road
in making the search.
ST. PAUL, April 14.— Judge Kelly has
filed a decision in the suit of Herbert W.
Pearson against the Great Northern Rail
road Company. He awards Pearson $500
on account of unpaid salary and judgment
for his costs and disbursements. This
Modest Ending of a Suit to Get a
Million From Hill and the
Great Northern.
PEARSON RECOVERS
FIVE HUNDRED/ DOLLARS
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAY W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building, San Fran
cisco, CaL
NURSERY WILL BENEFIT , •
V FROM RUMMAGE SALE
People Flock to Get Bargains and
Buy Articles for a Mere
Song. ,
Yesterday was the second successful
day of the rummage" sale for the benefit
of the San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children, which is taking place in
the store on the corner of Powell and
Green streets. People are thronging to
the sale from all parts of the city and
articles are being sold , for mere - songs.
The ladies on the board of managers have
been procuring everything for. the sale at
the leading stores and from families of
liberal means, so., that the newness of the
articles offered probably has much to do
with drawing patronage. The ten ; de
partments include clothing of all descrip
tions, .suits, dresses, shirt waists, under
clothing, hats, bonnets, caps, shoes, hose,
neckties, ribbons, belts, gloves, children's
clothing of every description, furniture,"
carpets, rugs, curtains, ornaments, dishes
and tors. .- .
The ladles who have charge of the sale
are: ¦ -,. J
Mrs. William L. Gerstle and Mrs. ¦ George
Sperry. who are devoting much energy toward
making the Bale a success. The other man
agers are: Mrs. O.. B. Burns, Miss S. C
Cowell. Mrs. James Elder. Mrs. William Frank
airs. F. V. Wright. Mrs. William Hollis, Mrs.
J. L. Gould. Mrs. W. E. Jackson, Mrs. H. E
Law, Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs. Guy E. Man
nerlng, Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs. S. B. Mc-
Lenegan, Mrs. H. E. Osborne, Miss Maude
O'Connor. Mrs. E. F. Preston, Misa Adelaide
Pollock. Mrs. J. J. Spleker and Mrs. William
Thomas.
Charged With Petty, Larceny. '
J. F. Clark, who conducts a small store
at 1170 Market street, swore to *a warrant
yesterday afternoon, charging J. H. Todd
a cle"rk in his employ, with petty larceny.
Clark claims Todd stole an overcoat from
the store. Todd was arrested, but de
clined to make a statement.
MAIMED CHILD WANTS
DAMAGES OF BAILROAT*
Fred Manning's^Guardian Charges
That the Boy -Was Injured
. Through Carelessness. '
OAKLAND, April 14.— Fred Manning,
who was 4 years and. 8 months . of ¦ age
when his left leg was crushed in the rail
road yards at West Oakland a' year ago,
played about' on crutches to-day in Judge
Ogden's court, where his father, as guard
ian/ Is suing the Southern Pacific. ComJ
pany for $25,000 damages for the boy's in^
Juries. A' jury was secured and some ex
pert testimony had been introduced at the
end of the day. The child's attorneys will
try to prove gross carelessness on the
part of the rnllr-pnfl • l W^t?(F'TBP*iMSi3t:ifrrrii l
The suit of Mrs. Marie Curtis, wife of
M. B. Curtis the actor, for $10,000 damages
against the 'Homestead Loan Association
of Berkeley for failure to. carry ', out a
contract to loan her $5000, was dismissed
to-day because she was not present to
prosecute it. She is in New.York.
Discharges Deputy Poundmen.
OAKLAND, , April ' 14.— Poundmaster. H.
A. Swift has discharged 'Deputies .William
Hallett and- F. Dooley. G. V. Walsh and
P. J. Rogers have been appointed -in their
stead. Hallett is awaiting; trial In the
Superior Court on a charge of stealing a
cow. ;
The second battalion of the Eleventh
Infantry arrived in the city yesterday en
route to the Philippines. This body of
troops Is direct from Porto Rico, and Is
making an unbroken journey of more
than 14,000 miles.
Majors G. K. Hunter, Fifteenth Cavalry, and
L. W. Cook, Twenty-sixth Infantry; Captains
Americus Mitchell, Fifth Infantry, and H. L.
Kinnlson. Twenty-ninth Infantry; Lieutenants
T. F. McGinnis and F. R. de Funiak, Eleventh.
Infantry; W. H. Point, Twenty-ninth Infantry;
E. Van X. Blssell, First Cavalry; C. S. Tarl
ton. First Infantry: F. R. Curtis, G. W. Eng
land. C. M. Blackford and Leisrhton Powell,
Eixth Infantry; Captain E. T. Cole. Sixth In-
Xan\ry; Sureeons Fletcher Gardner and G. F.
Owens. Major Joseph Garrard, Ninth Cavalry;
Lieutenant J. R. McAndrews. First Cavalry,
and Lieutenant J. a Fair. Ninth Cavalry.
The War Department has ordered that
a detachment ofunassigned recruits, the
number not being specified, be sent ' to
Manila on the transport Sherman, which
is scheduled to sail to-morrow. The fol
lowing named officers have also been or
dered to sail on the Sherman:
Sail To-Morrow on the Trans
port Sherman.
Hany Officers and Enlisted Men "Will
TROOPS ARE ORDERED
TO LEAVE FOR MANILA
The adjoining lot on the east, 45:10x100,
was purchased from Mr. Partridge for the
same client for something above $30,000.
The corner of Mission and Spear streets,
229:2 feet on Mission street by 183:4 feet on
Spear street, was purchased by Mr. de
Young about twelve months ago, when he
Immediately proceeded to have, plans
made for the construction of . a seven
story steel and brick building for whole
sale business purposes, to cost about $275,
000. Brandenstein & Co., who took over
the plans, purchased the property and will
commence erecting the building to suit
their business. The lot and building will
cost about $500,000. A. J. Rich & Co. acted
as asents for both purchasers and seller.
31. J. Brandenstein & Co. Purchase
Corner of Spear and Mis
sion Streets.
WHOLESALE TEA HOUSE
MAKES BIG INVESTMENT
Bank of California, $50; Anglo-Calif ornian
Bank, $50; Nevada Natlbnal Bank. $50; Wells-
Fargo Bank, $50; London, Paris and American
Bank, $50; San Francisco Savings Union, $50;
London and San Francisco Bank, $50; Em
porium, $25; Murphy, Grant & Co.,- $25; West
ern Meat Company. $20; Sperry Flour Com
pany, $20; N. Van Bergen & Co., $15; W. P.
Fuller & Co., $15; American Biscuit Company,
$10; O. D. Baldwin & Son, $10; Mutual" Label
and Lithograph Company. $10; Orpheum j Cir
cuit Company, $10; N. Clark & Sons, $10;
Gladding, McBean & Co., $10; Sherman, Clay
& Co., $10; John Breuner Company. $10; Cali
fornia Barrel Company, $10; Hooker & Co., $10;
Harron. Rickard & McCone $10: McNab &
Smith, $10; Shreve & Co., $10; Castle Bros.,
$10; Christian Froellch, $5; George H. Fuller
Desk Company, $5; Boston Woven Hose and
Rubber Company, $5; Hyman Bros.. $5; Frank
Koenlg. $5. . ¦- :¦ .
The^result of the canvass by mall on
Saturday for - subscriptions for the work
proposed by the California promotion
committee of San Francisco, in the line
of inducing desirable parties to settle in
the counties north of Tehachapi, was
made manifest- when responses were re
ceived by the promotion committee yes
terday. The sum of $635 per month, at
least, is already in sight, and the commit
tee believes that while $2000 per month is
held to be the minimum for this city the
total pledges will be in advance of that
sum. The parties whose monthly sub
scriptions for one year have been pledged
and the amounts they are willing to pay
to aid the growth ? of the northern and
central counties are as follows:
Promises of Upward o| $600
A Per Month.
First Day of Canvass by Mail Yields
FUNDS FOB. PROMOTING
STATE INTERESTS PLEDGED
On the report of the committee on or
ganization it was decided to adopt the
name of "The Public Health Association
of California," and -to hold annual con
ventions. Dr. -Davis of Stockton was
elected president and . Dr. William
Simpson of San -ose first vice president.
The executive committee will be an
nounced later by the president of the as
sociation. , . v
The afternoon session was occupied with
the reading of papers by Professor A. R.
Ward of the State University on "Milk
Production Under Hygienic Conditions";
"Food Inspection," by Fred ; E. Pierce,
D. V. S.; "Diphtheria Regulations," by
Dr. W. H. Kellogg; "Tuberculosis Regu
lations," by Dr. Edward von Adelung of
Oakland and Dr. William Simpson of San
Jose., . . ¦.•.'.¦.•AviVv'.rV ;,-*V.' ¦•''*. . '-'A:
Dr. von Adelung was elected temporary
president and James A. Emery secretary.
Drs. A. P. O'Brien, William Simpson, T.
H. Payne, and J. H. Kuser were appoint
ed a committee on organization.
The. morning session was. devoted to
the reading of a paper on "Smallpox,"
and a discussion followed between Drs.
Payne, Simpson, O'Brien and Morrissey.
Health officials from all parts ¦ of the
State gathered in the 'assembly room of
the local Board* of Health yesterday
morning to take part in a public health
convention. Measures for the promotion
of health and # sanitation were discussed.
Those present were F. H. Payne of Berke
ley, William Simpson of San Jose, B.
Caldwell of Biggs, Dr.~22dward Van Ade
lung of Oakland, Fred Pierce of Oakland,
J. H. Ruggles of Stockton, Dr. Southard
of Stockton, Drs. Hassler,; O'Brien, Kel
logg, Ryfkogel, Morrissey and Kitchlngs.
The Board of Works was directed to fit
up the new harbor police station with
proper equipment at a cost of $1000, {o be
drawn on the urgent necessity fund.
The Board of Works was directed to
appraise lands on the e»st and west sides
cf the Broadway Jail, with a view to \ in
corporating a proposition to purchase the
sites for jail purposes in the proposed
bond issue.
The Painters' District ' Council filed a
protest against police officers doing paint
ing work, on the ground that it is a vio
lation of the charter.
The Islais Creek property owners filed
a protest against the Santa Fe Railway
Company building its road across Islais
Creek without a drawbridge.
The Mayor was authorized to enter into
a lease for one year with J. 'Oliva of the
lands surrounding the County Jails for
farming purposes. . Oliva agrees to fur
nish 70,000 pounds of vegetables to the
jails yearly.
The State Board of Trade, sent a com
munication Eetting forth a general out
line of its purpose to promote the inter
ests of the State, and requesting the city
to subscribe at least $100 per month to aid
the work.
Several Supervisors strongly opposed the
passage of an ordinance granting a per
mit to conduct a carpet beating establish
ment, but the bill was finally passed.
The petition of the Sunset District Im
provement Club that the sum of $12,700 be
appropriated for street improvements in
the district was referred to the Finance
Committee. '>.'•
Curtis said that as chairman of the
Street Committee he would refuse to ex
tent! the company any favors unless it
agreed to do right by the public.
Mayor Schmitz said that the -company
should pay the total cost, which amount
ed to $zS8 for each concert. The sugges
tion that a' committee of Supervisors wait
on the company to urge it to provide
music was abandoned. »'
Eggers told of numerous complaints
from people at the park on Sunday last
because there was no concert. Eggers
urged that something be done to give the
thousands of pleasure seekers some
amusement. : \" :
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday requesting the United
Railways of San Francisco to furnish
music at Golden Gate Park on Sundays
and holidays without cost to the munici
pality. V
An ordinance providing for the appoint
ment of an additional stenographer for
Saturdays to relieve the congestion of
work in the Police courts was passed" to
print and referred to the Judiciary C/jm
roittee. Action was taken on the Mayor's
recommendation.
The Board of Works was dirceted to
remove, after two days, a house now ob
structing Shradcr street to the Corpora
tion Yard.
The Park and Boulevard Commission
was requested to report on the cost of
a plan to beautify Van Xess avenue by
planting trees thereon.
Ordering the repaving of Van Ness avenue,
between Hayes and Fulton streets; providing
for the conditional acceptance of Mission
etreet. from Silver avenue to Onondaga avenue.
Supervisor Braunhart submitted an
amendment to the ordinance fixing
rale to be charged school children at 2%
cents, providing for an extension of the
period of time during which the tickets
may be used. The amendment fixes the
hours for using the tickets between 7:30
n.. m. and 4:30 p. rn., and 6:30 p. m and
9:30 p. m., and was referred to the Street
Committee. \
Ordinances were finally passed as fol
lows:
In order to test this matter. I would advise
that you select some district not now covered
by water mains and where there is no suffi
cient fire protection — nor any. if such a dis
trict can be Sound — and erect therein one or
more hydrants. Following the placing of thesa
hydrants you should make demand upon the.
Spring Valley Water Works that it make con
nection between Each hydrants and its nearest
main. The district selected should be fairly
populous and the hydrants should be in posi
tion at the time when demand is made, which
demand chould be made in the name of the
city and county by formal action of the Board
of Supervisors. Care should be taken in the
selection of the district, so as to avoid as many
defences as possible. The district, for in
stance, should not be at an exceptional eleva
tion which would require an unusual water
pressure to supply, nor should it be removed at
a great distance from already existing mains,
and it should be one where eewers run through
the streets and manholes or cesspools are built,
throuch which the sewers may be flushed. The
demand should not only read that water is re
quired for purposes of fire protection, but also
for sewer cleaning, street sprinkling and other
purposes. "'
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
with the Beard of Supervisors yesterday
advising 1 what steps are to be taken to,
compel the Spring Valley Water Works
to lay mains for fire protection and sup
plying water in the outlying: districts.
Lane says:
Strong Opposition Develops
to Carpet-Beating
Works.
Permanent Organization Is
Formed and Officers
\^' Elected/- :: M ]
Pupils May Have More Time
to Use s Half-Fare
Tickets.
Urges United Railways
to Pay the Cost of
Concerts.
City and County Medical
Officials Meet in
Convention.
Lane Advises the Super
visors to Make For
mal Demand.
DISCUSS HEALTH
OF THE PUBLIC
BOARD DEMANDS
MUSIC IN PARK
WATER COMPANY
MUST LAY MAINS
THE SAltf FRANCISCO C^lLJj, TUESDAY; APRIL 15, 1902.
10
IT'S FUNNY -how so many men act.
They toil, and labor, and struggle,
1
ATQT> NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing in this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground, quickly and
cheaply reached.
IF YOTT WILL NOT occasionally give
up the dally grind,
DO NOT make your wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,
AT LEAST give them a chanc* for a
little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks. - .
PERHAPS then you ; will find time to
visit them over Sunday,
AND FORGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and In your nose, and eyes, ' and ears.
GET OTJT once in a while and romp, -
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
/A little book Issued by the CALIFOR-
NIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
long Us VTof Country Homes where board
for the' Summer, can be 'secured at from
$6.00 to $8.00 per week.'
Ticket offices, 650 Market St. (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. .General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansbme and California Sts.,
San Francisco. »
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
POROBLESH
ri An Nature's own selec-
Hfl JBV \tlon for a health and
. X vl\ . . pleasure resort be-
____ . _ ____ cause of the curative
H H A ¥ TH properties of Its mud
III *r\ I ¦ X ** ' and sulphur baths for
rheumatism, insora-
A MTV nIa ' e° ut . neuralgia,
liver, kidney and blood
diseases. Has every
¥\T T3 A €?T TT\T3 natural advantage for
PLEASURE -gsysg&SK:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 64(X MarKct, S. F., A|L
O — -: O
Bart/ett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous. ...
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths, *
amuse yourselves In hundreds ' of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett. Springs.
Send for booklet.
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter bU. B. P. Lake Co., CaL
O : O
C AMI 9 C URR YI
There are others, ' but • not equal to CAMP
CURRY. First In location of time and place,
first "In quality of service . and attention to
guests and personally managed by Mr. and
Mrs. Curry. Opens May 1. You can get full
particulars at Curry's office, 10 Montgomery st. '
yOSEM/TE.
When Yon Read /Ads—
You think of AETNA, because you sea
. It everywhere. /
AETNA SPRINGS Is only In
one place, Napa County, situated In
beautiful Pope Valley, a delightful
scenic carriage ride from St. Helena —
where the beneficial waters are as free
as AIR. A 1 booklet to you if you ask
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare. $2. Hottest
strongest water on the coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism. . dropsy, 'salt . rheum,
skin . diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEAKT'
Proprietor. . ~ *
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"-
new management; all refitted. Quietude com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, .boating; .tresh
milk, cream and best of everything. 'Address
C.,F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station.
via Duncans Mills. Ca!. ¦ j ¦ ,
THE GEYSERS. ' i
(Sonoma County.) .New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished; new . furniture-
few, private bathhouse; -hunting, fishing 5 ear
round; white help only; best livery; cooklne
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet!
WHITE COTTA GES.
. Howell Mountain: altitude ?:. 2000 feet* air
pure and dry; delightful . family resort* dally
mall; croquet; bowling; social hall: $8 ner
week. Write MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE/ Ang-
wln. ¦ Cal. .-,•¦¦• ./
EL BONITO HOTEL.
¦ The largest and best appointed ' hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. - Excellent huntinir. fishing
and boatlnsr: fine scenery; pure . spring water;
newly • renovated: 4 , new ; furniture. . R. C "CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans. Mills, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
* l 10- "Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. ¦•- THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor
Agua Callente. Cal.
but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath In State; boating
and swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
ing papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE ; both morning and afternoon
¦stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3:30 p. m. Sundays S tt. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg. Also at Traveler of-
flce. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. CaL
e\ is n nr%r% HOT springs, sonoma
.V« J3 /t/t.V COUNTY; only 4% hours
VJ I V rl \J \J \J from San Francisco and
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
comfort and convenience. Tiburon ferry, 7:30
a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN-
SLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour-
ist Information Bureau. 10 Montgomery at., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. CaL
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Most beautiful resort house In Napa Valley;
2 miles from Callstoga: free carriage; hot and
cold baths: gas.; S. F. reference*. Send for
pamphlet. G. W.' CUTLER. Callstoga,
" BROOKS1DE."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Keeps Lady and Baby
('¦ Sweet as Roses.
MUNYON'S WITCH HAZEL SOAP x
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on' the coast. Every
.variety of water treatment, electricity, maa-
' sage. X-ray. ¦ Write for literature. •
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; • among the redwoods.
Hunting, flahlpg. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stablea, opposite depot.
First-class rics. Reasonable prices.
FIVE DOLLAR
i^^^^ ELECTRIC BELT
li^iyil feT e at a8 $l 5 ° th a^
>-* l «iSt>Sp^«sSBJ*<^ $20. Guaranteed
3m&* ¦'•*¦¦-' :- ; genuine. Power-
• i-Lj3& ful current. . Latest lm-
«&Jt provements.- It: cures
-. Vtfl* . - Without • medicine. Not
sold by agents or druggists. -No discounts..
Free by mail on. receipt of price.' Circulars
free. • Ask : for the "Dr. . Alden Electrio
Belt." Call or address the- PIERCE-
ELECTRIC CO.. 2OO'Post. c st.. S. P." <
Makes the .skin soft as velvet. Improves
any complexion, keeps the skin- free from
pimples, wrinkles and all facial blemishes.
Keep your digestion and blood In good or-
der by.using Munyon's Dyspepsiif Curer It
makes good, rich blood, enablesyou to eat
what you like and all you like. Cures diz-
ziness, . constipation and all stomach
troubles. ¦) • . -t/VSv '"-•¦"•
16 Pages. 61 'per Year
WEEEY CALL
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stablea. Styl-
lah rigs. Reasonable prices.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevillB.
Cal. — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. GuernevlUe. Cal.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND W1L-
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters write J.
H. Smith, Uklah. Smith & Taylor. Wllllts. for
any. kind of a turnout. •
MT. SAN . FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capttola. Good
stable, hunting and fishing. Address E. D.
WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
VICHY SPBINGS-3 miles from Uklah.
,T Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in - the world of
this class of waters having continuous floy of
natural- warm water direct from springs to
tubs. S Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; tabla first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
ANWADA1LE FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Pcstotflce. CaL
PAMP TAYIOU HOTEI* camp cottage*
LAiUr 1AIL.UK and grounds, private, pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
HOTEL, BEN LOMOND,
Ben Lomond. Cal. — New management. Op«na
April 20. Hunting, fishing, boating, tennis.
croquet, billiards, bowling. Lighted by elec-
tricity. Round trip from city $3. HAJUI0NI>
& BARKER, Proprietors.
FOREST HOTEL,
AT.TVT A ,
Santa, Crux Mountains. Good trout fl«tifri ri ,
Rebuilt and reopened. , - B. BOHME. Prop.
Under new manazement. Now oixn tor
business. Rates. $8 to $15 per wa«k.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. Lonsr distance
phone. $2 per day, $S week. C P. MOSCONI.
Prop.. • Purisslma. San Mateo Co., CaL
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
MOTEL DE REDWOOD,
SANTA CRUZ MTS. Among the grand old
trees; board $8 and $10 a week; fare, return
ticket. $2 50. Send for circular to M. 3. COX.
Laurel. Santa Cruz County.
A charming resort In the Santa Crua Mts. :
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming. and all sports; table unsur-
passed; Best mineral water on the coast; opea
all the year. A. S. OI.NET, Manager.
CONCRESS SPRINGS.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting, boating:, bathing, fishing; new
launch and boats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis court. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN, . Midlake, Lake County, CaL
HOTEL MATEO AND COtTAGES.
San Mateo, Cal.,: is now under new manage-
ment. Everything first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis,. salt water bath-
ing, eto. Rates on application. ' WRENN' &
SPAULDING, Proprietors.
• • •¦ ¦ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA:CALIRORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A • GR EAT RESTORATIVE. IN V1GORA-'
.tor and Nervine^ ¦-.¦ * . ..¦•¦•.
'¦- The mot t -wonderful aphrodisiac i and Special
Tonic for. the Sexual Organs,' for both' sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and . Bladder. . Sells on its own merits. ~
Established 1823.
Inat S will ;
: JAKE JOSEPH. Representative. 300. Battery Street, San . Francisco.
...; • $12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room. "MAIN HOTEL"...
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desirins to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photoffraph* and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10 Montffomery. or The Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montzomery St., or write direct to
CRAIG & "WARNER. Highland Springs. Lak*
Co.. Cal.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per weelc
Ono Derson in room, "cottages" .. .jll per week
Two persons In room, "cottages". .$20 per weelc
One person In room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
The famous health asd pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for th« cure of
LTVKR KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISit
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWTMillNa TANK.
CROQUET. TENNIS. Reeulation Bowline Al-
ley. Riding and Driving: Horses. Splendid. Trips
In Mountains or Valley.
ALWAYS OPEN.
EHLAND SPRINGS
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous Marine Band. twenty-five»
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boatinj,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yacht*
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole. modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. Dancinsr. etc For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco. Cal. .steMlaMBBS—
3# Hours from Los Angeles.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
Rfjq nqpf Vka JkKH Ah (£*¦
/' .-¦-¦-' ' ¦ ¦* ' *"//.S^ '-'-
Brewed in a plant as clean
as the cleanest home kitchen
—always open to your inspec-
ti<ii- -58,971 visitors last year.New Depot for Decoto
%\ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and '¦ brands sell
about :l%c. under quotations.' 'Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium.^ 9@0%c; ! light, 8@8%c;
Cow Hides. 0c for heavy and S@S%c for light-
Stags/ 6®6%c; Salted Kip, 8®8%c; Salted Veal
»09%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides 16a- Culls*
14c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry, Calf,. 18c; Culls and
; Brands, ¦ 10c ; - Sheepskins, , shearlings, . 20@30c
each; 'short Wool. 35@60c each; medium C5a
75c;, long !Wool,/90c@51 10 each; Horse Hides
"salt,, $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 00 for me
dium. $1 for email and, 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry $1 76 for large, $1 25@1 30 for me
dium, . $1 ¦ for • small . and 60c ¦ for Colts. - Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, S2%c; dry salted Mexican
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and' smooth 50c
medium, ' 85c. - i ::> .. •. \ - • . '
TALLOW — No. 1,. rendered, 5%@6c per lb-
No. 2/4%@5c; grease. 2% @3%c ¦ •¦ ..-"•
..,W00L—^Spring — Northern: free,'-14@16c;f'do
defective, 13@14c; Middle county free. 13@16j;
do/- defective. 12@13c; ¦ Southern/. 12 months
9©10c; ¦ do, -7 months; 9@llc; Foothill, 11013c;
Nevada,'. 120 15o per lb. : ',¦ ¦:¦' •• - * -. . -.i..
w HOPS-rll©12c for. fair < and 12%O14c . per
lb for, good to choice, first hands.' '
Hides, Tallow,. Wool ; and Hops.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
. Bran , has - again advanced. . Middlings ; are
unchanged. -Rolled Barley ¦> continues ,'flrm in
sympathy with the raw grain. ;, "'/¦.•
Hay - is : still • easy, 1 , -' with •, ptenty t coming In".
Whil? crop prospects are still fine- reports from
the' country « point ' to a'." shorter? staple Uhan
usual, which means less gross weight ¦ in r tons
than : previously expected. The Holllster ' dis
trict ¦' reports that on account; of this shorter
staple the crop there will ' probably not exceed
60 per - ceijt of the a\-erage yield. S The ; heads
will be heavy, • however, and . the Hay - choice.
• -BRAN— $17@17 60 per ton. , \ ... ... . ¦ •
: MIDDLINQS— $19 60@21 per ton;' >•;;•¦
B FEEDSTUFF8 — Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26; Jobbing,'
$26 60®27; Cocoanut Cake.' $20@21; Corn Meal
t29@29 60: ; Cracked t' Corn: : $29 B0@30;i Mixed
Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed Meal,f$20 60. • v.- sc "• ;
. HAY— Wheat,- $9@11 60; Wheat and * Oat.
$8 60@ll;Oat. $8@10 60;Alfalfa,.$8®ll;' Clo
ver/-$7@9;-Volunteer, $6 60@8 60; Stock. $6@S
p«r ton."v 1 ' • ','¦ • ¦ ¦¦¦• - '"i »...,..¦¦'.• j ¦. . ,•¦.¦.¦,
' STRAW— 40®C5c per bale.
Hflv and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 509
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50:
Oregon, $2 75@3 28 per barrel for family and
$3Q>3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', ' $3
03 50. ¦ :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50@4 76; : Cracked
Wheat, S3 60; Farina/ $4 60;. Whole -Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@8; In
sacks, $t> 85@8 50; Pearl . Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas/96 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WheaTNo. 2-° Pen - H ' ffh - L °^ Close -
May 02 63% 61% 62%
July 01% 62% 61$ W*
omTno.'-j- 61% 6Oi V 6iy »
May ..."... 42ty 43 42 42'i
July (Old)...... 34T? 35% 34% 35'*
Sept. (old)..... 30$ 30 so.. sow
July (new)...... 361^ 36% 36 ' 36$
Mess Pork, per bbl — ., ¦ ¦ V78
May ..16 75 . 16 92% 16 75 16 82%
July ..16 95 17 12% 16 95 ¦ 17 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs— - ¦Virr*
May 9 75 9 80 9 72% 0 76
July ' 9 85 . 9 90 9 82% 9 85
September 9 96 10 00 9 92V4 9 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - /» » »•>
May 9 07% ¦ 9 17%' 9 07% 9 12%
July •••¦ ..9 20 : « 32% 9 20 9 27«
September .....9 30 - 9 37% 9 30 9 37^
.Cash quotations were a« follows: Flour '
steady; No. 3 spring wheat,- 69%®72i4c- No 2
red, 79@80%c; - No. 2 corn. 62c? No 'Is yel low
62c; No. 2 oats. 43c; No. i white/ 44%©45Uc-
No. 3 white. 44%@45c; No. 2 rye**67@57a c :
fair to choice malting barley,: 64®68c No i
flaxseed. . $1 70: No. 1; Northwestern, $1 76;
prime timothy seed, $6 90; mess pork Der bhi
$16 80@16 85; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 72%@9 75 •
ehort ribs sides (loose). $9@9 IS; ( dry -salted
shoulders (boxed) 7%@7%c: short clelr I iaei
(boxed). $0 > 650ft 75: whisky, basis of high
wings, $1 30: clover. , contract , grade/:. $7 : 90. ..
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .'..... 11.000 : - 16 000
Wheat.'. bushels ."........: 24,000 '415.000
Corn, bushels 71,000 . 38.000 T
Oats, bushels '.208.000 256.000 ¦
gye. bushels .i ....... .-. . 10,000 . '* ' ! 150,000 I
Barley, bushel^ :,*.-. . : . ; ... 32,000 ., ;.•.....
On the* Produce Exchanse to-day • the butt»r
--¦ - ** . ¦.. ...
.«• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, i 10%c; three
half-barrels/.- 10c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces,
9%c; live tierces, 9%c per lb. . ,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@8l4c per lb for
compound V and 11 %c for pure ; • half ; barrels,
pure,. ll%c; 10-1 b : tins, 12c; 6-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12%c. ' ;. ••
CURED MEATS — Bacon.. 12%c per^lb for
heavy,' 13c for light medium, 14c for light/
15c for extra' light and 15%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ¦ sugar-cured' Hams, 1 13%c; California
Hams, 12% @13c; Mess Beef. '$0@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, *11@11 60;
prime Mess Pork. $lt>: extra clear. • $22 60@£3;
Mess, $1S 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs'; Feet. ?4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. - ; .: " ¦ ,
¦ I j There was nothing j new yesterday. " Chicago
was pllghtly firmer, but quiet, and this market
ruled, dull.; , ' . . - . "
Provisions.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10® 13c . for standard', to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®9c; sun dried, 5c;
Peaches. 6%@8Mc; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
6@ttc; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines. 5%@6c
for red and 6%@6c for white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%@tic for white.
PRUNES — 1U01 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40'«. 6>4®6%c; 40-50's. 8!«;5%c; 60-60's. 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 4@4 1 / 4c; 70-8u's, 3H@3%c; 8U
IHI'I, «@3 Vic;. 90-100" s, 2%@2%c per'lb.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6^
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6Vic\for 4-crown and
6'Ac for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, . 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c- for unbleached and 7 if
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $'¦$; l>e
hesa, $2 50;' Fancy, $1 50; -London Layers.
Jl 25@1 35. . .
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 sbftshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and (i@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@Tc
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts,
12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb/ ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for; light amber; water -white; extracted, 5®
0c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 78cJ .
Regular Morning Session — No sales. ' .. '¦¦
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls, 78o;
4000, 78%C. . : .. ¦'¦ ¦:¦. .
OATS — There is nothing new to report, tha
market continuing quiet. ¦ •
Grays. |1 30@l 40; whites, $1 S0@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, fl 12%@1 32%: red.
$1 30(31 42% per ctl. * .
CORN — Chicago, was - very unsettled, ad
vancing from 61%c to 63%c and falling back
to 61%c. The Gates party. ' heretofore heavy
buyers, turned sellers. . ;
This market was quoted very, dull and un
changed. ' : -A'-
Large Yellow, $1 35@>1 45; small round do.
fl 35@1 47%; white.. $1 40@l 60 per ctl.
RYE— 92%@95c perctl. .¦;-,.
BUCKWHEAT^-Quoted at ?1 6501 75 ¦ >it
ctl.. >-,', \ ¦¦¦¦¦. ...
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December —
8000 ctls, 78c.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 07%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular "Morning.. Session— December — 8000
ctls. $1 07%. '- ¦ ¦ • : ¦ ' '.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 , ctls,
$1 07%. I - ¦-¦'.' -' . ' ,
BARLEY — The market ruled firm at pre
vious prices ¦ for cash grain, but . futures were
several fractions higher.
Feed, l)oVi©97%c lor No. 1 and 93%@95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades. 97%c
0$l; Chevalier, $1®1 20.; '
C VLL BOARD SALES.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86&
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ..... — . < 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — ' . ' 53V
Mexican. Dollars, nominal...... — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains. ;
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm,
with futures slightly higher. The- world's shlp-
for the; week were as follows, in quar
ters.: Danubian, 80,000; .Argentine, 157.000;
Indian 12,000; Australian, 40,000. The Amer
ican visible supply decreased 1.800,000 bushels.
Chicago opened firm on cables and good buy
ing by commission - houses, but« rains in the
Southwest gave the market a turn downward.
There .were general rains in Kansas, heavy
rains in Oklahoma, rains and snow in Ne
braska and rains in Missouri and Texas. Some
professional I scalpers who bought- early turned
sellers, but the Southwest bought heavily. ¦ .
This market " was steady, quiet and . un
changed. *
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 10; milling, $1 11%
@112% per ctl.
Chi Ind & Louis pf 784£
Chi & Eastern 111.. ./ .... 16SV>
Chi & Gt Western 24%
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 400 88 88 87%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 300 47 46 45
Chi A KMT 22,200 248 243 24614
Chi R I & Pac 1,100 176 174 174%
Chi Term A. Trans. 200 19% 19 18
Chi Term & Tr pfd 1.000 37 36 K 36 U
C C C & St L 600 104 103$ 103%
Colorado Southern. 10.100 30 28% 2S%
Colo South let pfd. 3.000 76 74 74^
Colo South 2d pfd.. 2.800 4h^ 45 44%
Delaware & Hudson KOVi
Del Lack & West.. . 282
Denver & Rio Grd. 3.400 44 43% 44
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 38,100 80% 78% 78%
Atchlson pfd 6.700 98% 97% »7%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 20.300 107% 106% 106%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 »7 97 96
Canadian Pacific .. 34.150 121 «6 118 119%
Canada. Southern... 100 88% 88«4 88$i
Chesapeake & Ohio. 600 4€% 46% 46
Chicago & Alton... 2,600 37% 36% 37
Chi & Alton pfd 76^
Chi Ind & Louis.. 4,800 62 88 61
NEW YORK. April 14.— There was a feverish
«nd excited close in to-day's stock market after
a day of varying sentiment. The early strength
was not maintained, in spite of wide advances
in a few stocks, and the course was gradually
downward under the late dealings, when there
was a general break all around. Prices had
risen atain after the sagging tendency under
the stimulus of the extraordinary advances In
some of the grangers and northwesterns. But
the perception of realizing under cover of this
strength and the sensational advance to 133
In Louisville and Xaabvllle unsetUed senti
ment again and led to the general unloading
lr. the nnal dealings. There were some fever
ish and spasmodic rallies, but the market
closed feverish and irregular with a weak un
dertone. Much attention and surmise were
given to the Louisville and Nashville situa
tion end the dlspoEition to be made of its con
trol, which is now wi^out dissent understood
to have escaped its long-time holders. Some
oope is entertained that a community of in
terest among the Southern trunk lines will be
worked out as a result of the new control,
m-hlch eeems to have been acquired without
*ny large railroad policy In view, but -simply
for speculative profit*. It is patent that great
financial and railroad interests ar« now striving
to readjust the situation from the standpoint
ef railroad policy, which necessitates a settle
ment to the satisfaction of the interest which
b&s 6*cured the control almost by chance. The
Action of the etock to-day did not indicate any
very definite prospect of settlement, the fever
l*h flight of the etock Indicating rather pro
found unsettlement and uncertainty of the
speculative mind. The remarkable rise In
Northwestern granger* was without explana
tion, unless it was the result of pure manipu
lation to further profit-taking at other points.
The " Chicago and Northwestern stocks, St.
Paul and Omaha, and the St. Paul stocks 'were
marked up in a short period of trading from
2>i to 13 points. St. Paul relapsed as sud
denly to below Saturday and fluctuated at the
ljirt almost as -wildly as Louisville Itself. The
tnoaey market was appreciably lower, as a
result of the stronger condition of the banks
as revealed by Saturday's statement. But the
extent to which outstanding credits are in
volved In the great speculative operations go-
Ing on in the stock market is not entirely satis
factory to the conservative minds and was th«
•ubject of much comment and eome criticism
to-<5ay. Report* of rain Jn the winter wheat
belt were predictive of eome buying of stocks
and report* were received of a heavy mer
chandise movement on western railroads In
vpite of the eh-unken proportions of the grain
movement. The February statement of Mis
¦ouri Pacific did not erne to corroborate this
view. The peace rumors from London helped
the early «trength In the market, although the
buying from that source seemed to be In the
nature of reinvestment of the proceeds of
Louisville and Nashville etock sold. The bud
get statement came too late for direction and
Influence on tbi« market.
The bond market was unsettled and irregu
lar. TotaJ sales. J&.395.000.
United States 2» advanced %, the 3s (reg
istered) !4 and the old 4s (coupon) U on the
laet c*lL
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS. *
CHICAGO. April 14.— Shorts in the corn pit
were the cause of the panicky actions in
grains. At the start there was an Inclination
to sell stuff because of the easy feeling in
wheat. It took only a few spurts of the St.
Louis market, however, to create a strong de
mand by the unfortunate early sellers. The
naturally bullish situation in the corn trade,
with continued reports of depletions of stocks
at all prominent centers and an improving de
mand, scared the shorts badly. The : rumor
that was started in March of a possible corner
was renewed again and a hot start resulted.
Great buying force was under the cereal and
prices rushed up 2c almost before the market
was well under way. May opened %c higher
to %c lower at 61%c to 61%c and Jumped to
6JV2C. This was an advance of about 6c over
the low price on the decline of a week or ten
days ago and of almost 4c since Saturday
morning. St. Louis was buying here sup
posedly to finish the covering of the big short
line begun Saturday. Offerings were not
enough to supply the demand. Everybody in
the pit was nervous. Trade was guesswork all
around. After the early excitement there was
considerable selling by people who thought
corn had all the twist needed for the present ¦
Business quieted down and as wheat reacted
from its- sympathetic higher prices corn eased
Liquidation at top prices brought good profits.
There was a good demand for the cash article
which, together with strong cables, helped in
putting a bullish interpretation : on every bit
of news. Traders in all pits were talking of
the remarkable outlook for speculation and
manipulation in corn. News continues to ar
rive of farmers feeding corn to stock because
the advanced prices in cattle and hogs make
good profits. May corn at Southwestern mar
kets is lc to l%c over Chicago prices The
country traders say, must have Chicago corn
—and there is 1 little of that. After high prices
May corn Bold off to 61% c . but rallied again
and closed strong, %c up, at 62>4c. *,"
Wheat started out with a- sickly aspect on
unresponsive cables and rains in the South
western wheat country. May opened %c to
J*c lower. at 72%c to 73c, but at once felt the
influence of the soaring corn market. In a
very short time - covering and an Investment
demand Bent May to 73%c. As corn began its
decline after the opening bulge wheat eased
oftV Then a big line was sold for a leading
bull professional and as the "tallers" filed In
to sell the market slumped oft below Satur
day's close. The Southwest sold here and
those markets were lower. Commission houses
were on both sides of the mamet, but princi
pally sold. Liquidation for profits was very
popular. The visible decrease of 1.800,000
bushels was a little more than expected but
had no effect., Trade was active. May closed
weak at Its lowest price, %c pff, at 7294c ¦
¦ Trade in oats was fair and on the corn ln-
J, ue , nce P rlce s advanced. May closed %c up at
4x%C.
Provisions had a fair general trade. • May
pork closed 5c up. May lard a shade lower
and ribs 5chlgher. ¦ .'/'.-- ' •¦•-¦¦
The leading futures ranged : as follows: •
Cal-st 5s 117 119 Pac G Im 4s. 96%100»i
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & C H 6.slO7
Ed L&P 6s. — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. 117
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s.l02%1027i
H C&S 5%s. — — 3F & SJV5s.l20»A121
Do 5s .96 — Sierra Cal 6s.ll3 —
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119 3 P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 (1909) 113%114
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% —
Do gtd 5s.l02%104% 3 P of C 6a
L A & P 5s. 102% — (1905)Sr A. — 106U,
Do lem 6s. 102% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 125 130 (1906) 109»4109%
Do lem 5s. — 121% (1912) U9%121
N R of C 6S.112J4 — SPoIClat -.
< Do 5s 121 — c gntd 5s..l20 —
N Pac C BsllO Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 5s. 11414 — 5P Br Cal6s. — 139%
Oak Gas 5s. — 114 6 V Wat 6s. — 111%
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm.l02%103Vi
Do 1st c5s.H4 114% Do 4s dm.101%102%
Oak W G 53.103 Stkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 7S9h Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co 60 — Spring Val.. 92 93
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2>i — . Pac Light. . 45 \— ••'
Eqt C L Co. 3% 3% I Sac E G&R. 30 —
Mutual — 4?4|S F,'3 & E. 42%" 43%
O G L & H. 57% 68 S F G L Co. 5% 6%
Pac G Imp.. 37% 38 Istktn G & E. 8 — '
BANKS
Anglo-Cal .. — 91 LP ft A.... 166 170
California . -425 — Mer Ex (Uq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.118 — S F Natlonl.140 — ¦
First Natlonl — — I
/. " SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...2000 [ Sav ft Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — ' — Security Sav. — 340
Mutual Sav.. 80 87% lUnion Trustl825 —
S F Sav, U. 525 — I . .;
'/„>',' , STREET RAILROADS. :
California ..167%175 Market 100 —
Geary ......— 60 Presidio ....35 —
POWDER.
Giant .;.... 77% 78tf /Vigorit ' 3 3%'
'< SUGAR.
Hana ...... 3% — , Kllauea .... — 9%
Hawaiian ..33 — Makaweli ... 21% 23
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea. .... 23% 24i/i
Hutchinson .10% ll?i Paauhau ... 11 12
MISCELLANEOUS. -^ -.;"-
Alaska Pack.l61i<il63% Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.103 104 Pac C Borx.165 . —
Oceanic S Co — r 36 Par Paint ..10 — ;
110 Cal Wine Assn 101 00
S 75 Contra Costa Water: 78 50
25 Contra Costa Water 78 25
10 Hutchlnson S P Co .........;... 11 23
$22,000 Market-st R R con 5s ..121 00
$5000 S F & S J V bonds...... ........121 2$
$1000 S P Of Arizona (1910) ...........114 87%
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 25
Afternoon Session. ¦ . ¦
¦ Board — . * - -
-- 66 Giant Powder Con. 1 ...".. 78 00
6 Hutchlnaon S P Co...... 1100
185 Hutchlnson S P Co .....;.. 10 75
60 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. ....121 25
$5000 Sacto- Elec Gas & Ry 5s 102 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
, ¦.'.' Board — '
500 Cala-Standard i{> •
1000 Monarch of Arizona 17
1000 Occidental of W Va,b 90........ : 22
50 Peerless ..../.... ...'...... : 6 75 '
1000 Piedmont .. 10
1000 Reed Crude 33 -
. 25 Sovereign «<j
2500 Sterlli:g 155
,500 Sterling ...'. : 1 62U
100 Sterling, b 60 1 60
200 West Shore :....;.. 3 00
- - • . Afternoon Session.
- Board — • " : ¦•
500 Bear. Flag t . 05
2000 Petroleum Center ow
800 Sterling ......../........-. 1 jtl;
600 Sterling, b 60 1 tsS
,700 Sterling, s 90 .' 1 02S
1600 Sterling .....;..- 1 so
.600 Sterling, a 90;. ."..... \ 55 .
MINING STOCKS. :
, The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask/ Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 112 |4s qr c (new)139Vil39&
4s qr reg...lir lll%|3s qr coup..lOu 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oc SS Co 5s. — 101
Bay CPC 5s. — 108 I Ombus C 6s.
STOCK AND BO1T3> EXCHANGE
MONDAY, April 14—2 p. m.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@1 75
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice and $2 M@'-i
for fancy, extra fancy. $3,25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 75@2 50; Va
lcncias, "$2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2®
2 50; Tangerines, In, quarter boxes, 75cig$l
and $1 25@1 60 in half .boxes; Lemons.
75c@$l- for common and $1 25@1 75 for
good to , choice and $2@2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. Sl<7j3. including seedless; Mexican
Limes,- $4 50@5; Bananas, $2 50®3 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50®2 for Hawailans;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. . . • . .
APPLKS— Wi 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and.'60c@$l for or
dinary.-- .
Cannery buyers are said to be offering 5c per
lb for Roynl Ann and 3c for white and black
Cherries per pound. ' ., ...
The warm weather has stimulated the de
mand for Mexican Limes and as supplies are
light prices have advanced. •
Offerings of New Orleans Bananas were lim
ited, but fresh supplies are close at hand.
Supplies of Oranges were more plentiful yes
't<-rday than for some time past. Four cars
were received in the open market and eight
were sold at the auction. \ . The' market, all
arotnd was active with a strong demand for
small and medium sizes. The prices realized
at the auction were as follows: Fancy Navels
$1 80@3 20; choice do, $1 60@2 60; standard do
$1 20@l 35; Seedlings, $1 55@1 75; St. Mich
aels, $1 85@2 55;- fancy Lemons sold for $1 55
@2 10 and choice brought $1 20@l 45.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light north winds, changing to brisk westerly;
cooler at night.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast irom San Francisco northward. A low
of the cummer type overlies the valley of the
Colorado, and maximum temperatures exceed
ing 80 degrees are reported in the Sacramento
a.cd San Joaauin valleys. ' .
No rain has fallen In California. "' j " ;
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 15. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly winds in the interior; brisk westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair .Tuesday; light
southwest winds.
Xevada — Fair Tuesday; continued warm
weather: light northeast winds.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock, $23 50®23 87%; preferred
$61 50@tS2; 4 per cent bonds, $89 75090 25;
subscriptions, $101 50@101 87%.
' The Presidio and Ferries Railroad dividend
of 30 cents per share is payable to-day. This
Is an increase of 10 cents per share in the
rate of the monthly dividend. The rate waa
raised from 15 to 2O cents on July 1, 1901, and
has continued at that rate up to the present
raise. • •
Local stocks and bonds were dull and feat
ureless on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange. ¦¦ There were fair, sales on the Oil
Exchange at about previous quotations.
In the afternoon Hutchlnson Sugar was low
er at $11010 75 and Giant Powder at $78.
There were no other changes, either In local
or oil stocks. .
Butter is still coming in heavily, as will trS
seen. Saturday's quotations to British Colum
bia and the Sound for shipment were turned
down, , arid new ones sent out yesterday have
not yet been answered. As already mentioned,
Oregon, which is lower than San Francisco, is
now a lively competitor for the Northern busi
ness, and is. shutting off. many of our orders
This market is very weak, with accumulating
stocks, and the Exchange yesterday . reduced
its quotations to 16@17c for creameries 14@16c
for dairies and 14c for store. A car goes East
to-day; • ' ¦ t -
Cheese ie weak, With liberal and accumulat
ing receipts. . i :¦ ¦:
• Eggs show no further decline, but are still
weak, with large stocks on hand.
Receipts were 61,100 pounds and 54 tubs of
Butter, 1747 cases of Eggs, 22,800 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese: -¦ ' - ¦ . ¦ ' ¦¦'
BUTTER — Creamery, 18c per pound for fan
cy. 17c for firsts and 16c for seconds; dairy,
14@16c: store Butter, 14c per pound.
1 CHEESE — New/ »@10c; old/ 9@llc;' Toung
America, 8@10c; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
1 EGGS— Ranch. 13%@15c; store. 12%@13c per
dozen.' :'• -. • . ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 1.040/Oats, ctls....... 1,280
Flour, qr sks... 15,990 Straw, tons 15
Wheat, ctls 6.880 Middlings, sks.. 210
Barley, ctls...'. 8,020 Leather, rolls... 359
Oats, ctls 3,205 Hides, bdls..... 410
Corn, ctls 280, Pelts, No 196
Beans, sks 4,086 Lime, bbls 273
Potatoes, sks... 1,347 Sugar, ctls..... : 946
Bran, sks 1,650 Tallow, ctls 28
Wool, bales..... 502 Wine, gals 85,400
Hay, tons 577 Quicksll.,flsks.. 40
FOR MONDAY. APRIL 14.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Close: ' Money on
call, firm, at. 4%@6 per cent; closing bid and
asked, 5@6 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4%€f6Vi Per crnt. Sterling exchange.' steady/
New York Money Market.
Den & Rfo G pfd.. 800 92 91% 91?
Erie 8,600 37*4 36% 36V
Erie 1st pfd 800 68% 68% 68',
Erie 2d pfd 900 54% 54 54
Gt Northern pfd... 300 185ft 185 185}
Hocking Valley.... 4,500 83$ 82 82}
Hocking Val pfd.. 400 92 »l*i 91
Illinois Central ... 23,500 145% 143 143V
Iowa Central 300 49 48% 4bV
Iowa Central pfd.. 1,000 85 VI' 84 S3*
Lake Erie & West. 300 68 67% 68
L E & West pfd..' -.... 128.
Louis & Nash 123,300 133 120% 127V
Manhattan Elevat. 6.600. 134 132% lo^r
Met St Ry 1,900 152 151 V 4 151*
Mexican Central... 10,100 31% 29% 30
Mexican National.. 500 19% 19V4 19
Minn & St Louis.. 300 109% 108% 109
Missouri Pacific 3,700 102% 100 lOOVi
Mo Kan & Tex.... 200 25 25
Mo Kan & Tex pf. 1,000 55% 55 841;
New Jersey Central .... Igg
New York Central. 7.100 164% 162% 163
N&iS2t tt 3i:: 5i00 ° 57y * 56 "* $>
Ontario & Western. 1,500. 32% 32Vi 3;.*,
Pennsylvania 4,700 150% 150 150
JJ ead , in * 23,000 58% 67% 57?
5 eadn «l«P'<»-... 5.500 83% 82% fe2V;
HhPJ^ Fran - «.900 72 70 70V.
sr L & s r 1st pfd 8 a
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 74% 74" 73*;
St Louis SW 2,300 29% 28% 2«i!
It Pfu * SW P "" - 4 ' 400 <*»¦ 5l «$
l» £ •« 70 ' 100 17 ° 167«i 168
|t Paul pfd 1,400 194% 192 102
Southern Pacific... 29,800 67% 6011 C6U
Southern Railway.. 28 400 34% 34% 34M
Southern Ry pfd... 1,300 95% 95 95"*
rex«4 Paciflc... 6.600 42% 41 12 4^
Tol Et L & W t>00 22«4 217* 91 i?
Tol St L & W pfd 8 600 40% Isv fse 4
Union Paciflc ..... o-JisoO 103* 8 101% 10l£
£. ab * 8 !» 500 24% 23? 23?
An^can-.V.-.-.V.- 10 ° 2I °" 210 ' ' *»
WfSE*:;;;-- 4 ™ «*"" >»*'"gM
MiBcellaneous—
Amalgamat Copper. 28,700 67»i 65 6«
Am Car & Fndry.. 1,300 28% 28% 284
Am Car &j F D fd.. 800 89- 89 89
Am Linseld Oil... 1,000 23 23 22»i
Am Lirss<fd Ol pfd. ..... .49'
Am Locomotive.... 65,100 34% 32ti 33
Am Lccomot pfd,. 6,800 94»i 93% 93s*
Am Smelt & Ref.. 900 47 47 46vl
SSS xS i? 5 xS 8
Consolidated Gas.. '600 225Vi- 224^ 224
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 300 120 119% n9<4
General Electric... 900 330 328% 329
Hocking Coal 100 21 tf 21^ 20^
Internatnl Paper... 1,500 21% 20% 20H
Inteml Paper pfd.. 200 74% 742 74 V4
L\c^£r. pfd - "••«• 5^ «5 I
&»?£S*S "588 ?i i{ igisga
PaclflciSaft^:- • 1<300 - 127 125 « 12 »^
Pacific Mall "w6 «" ' - 41%' «
S2%"^3 Car- 3^ X S*
Republic Steel 2.300 ii% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 300 73% 73V4/ 73
Sugar 7«00 l»u iii^" ¦>¦&*/
Tean Coal & Iron! ilsOO 7u||
UnonBar&PCo. 600 16% 16% 16'*
UnionB&P Co pfd. 100 82% 82% 82
U S Leather pfd... 900 84% R4 ri
D S Rubber.. 1,900 19% 18% 18
U S Rubber pfd... '200 63% 63 % 60
H i fteel.... 18.700 41% 41 41
USBteelpfd 8.200 93% 93 93%
Weetern Union..... 5,300. 91% 90% 90%
Total sales 085. 700 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s re*.. ..109% L & N Uni 4s.. ..102%
Do 2s coup.... 109% MexCent4s 85
go 2s reg 108% Do 1st Inc.... 33
Do 3s coup 109% Minn & St L 4s..lO4Vl
Do new 4s reg. .139 M K & T 4s 101
Do 4s coup 139% Do 2ds 83%
Do old 4s reg. ..111% N Y Cent lsts....lO3%
Do 4s coup 111% Do K en 3%s... 109
Do »f r*S 107 NJ Cent gel 5s.. 140
Do 6s coup. . . ..107 Northern Pac 4s. .105%
Atchlson gea 4s.. 103% Do 3s... 7454
Do *Oi 4s 94% N& W C on4s.'!!l0li4
B & O 4s 102% Reading Gen 4s'.. 99
go 3%s.. 96% S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
Doconv 4s 109 S L & S F 4s. ...101
Can Sou 2ds 109 S L SW lsts... ..100%
Cent of Ga 5s 113% Do 2ds 88
Do 1st lnc 87% S A & A Pass 4s. 92
Chea & Ohio 4%s.lO8% Southern Pac 4s.. 05
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84% Southern Ry 6s.. 122%
S«/^ Qnew4 *' *** Tex & P*c l«t... 82
C M&St P gen 48.116 Tol St L & W 4s. 82
C & N con 7s 136% Union Pac 4«....lO5%
C R I & P 4s 112% Do conv 4s 107%
CCC&St L gen 4s.l04% Wabash lsts ....119%
Chic Ter 4s 89% Do 2ds ..110«i
Colo & Sou 4s 95% Do deb B 77
D Sl R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s..!. 113
Erie prior lien 48.100 Wh & L E 4s 92»4
Do gen 4s 88 Wis Cent 4s '. 92%
F W & DC lsts.. 113% Cont Tob 4s 65%
Hock Val 4% s 110 *
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief........ 11
Alice .* 60 Ontario ......8 75
Breece 60 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con.... 09 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 18
C C 4 Va 1 25 Savage 08
Dead wood Terra... 50 Sierra Nev 18
Horn Silver 1 Wjemall Hopes...... 45
Iron Silver e5 Standard ....3 25
Leadvllle Con 05| . ¦ \
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .U S Steel ....... 41
Call loans 404% Do prefd 93
Time loans .;...4@5 Westingh/ Com. ..112
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s .....lOitU Adventure^ 22U
3as lsts 85% i Allouez .^. ... ... 31?
Mex C«nt 4b 84 • Amalgamated ... 65%
N* E Gas & Coke.. 55 (Baltic 6%
Railroads— I Bingham ........ 31
Atchison 7» ICalumpt & Hecla.585
Do prefd 97% Centennial 20
Boston & Albany.2«3 Copper Range .. 90
Boston A Maine.. 195 Dominion Coal.... 142
Boston El 165 'Franklin H%
N Y N H & H..224 .Isle Royale .....:14%
Fitchburg pfd ...147 Mohawk ..J.... 36
tnion 1 Pacific ...101% bid Dominion .. 21%
Ue * Central .... so Hsceola ......... 64
Miscellaneous^ — Parrot vru.
Amer Sugar 131 putney .':'.'.'. 125
E'* 0 , ....... 42 United States ... 19%
Do prefd .....97 Utah 22V
* E Gas & C... 4»i Daly West .... . 48%
United Fruit 104 Winona ....... iS
-opper Range con 61 Wolverine 5414
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
Consuls, money... .94% N Y- Central . lfifiU
Do account ... 94% Nor & West K«£
Vnaconda 5% Do prefd . . »5^
Atchison ...;.... 81% Ontario 4 w .'." 33%
Balto A Ohio. ....110% Reading . ' ¦ iiu.*
?bes & Ohio .... 48 Do 2d dm ?ti/
Chi G W 25% 3outhern Ry nsu
Chi Mil & St P.172% Do prefd 7 ; ;•••• gf3*
D&RG 44% Southern -Pae • «s%
D & R G pfd.... 94% Union Paciflc .ihoU
tine 38 , Do prefd anil
Do T) . t pfd ..... 70% U S Steel . II \ \ > %%&
Do 2d pfd 35% Do prefd . . . »« 2
rilinols Cent .....140% Wabash . ! "it?
txsuis Sk Nash. . . .124% Do prefd" '. iVu
M Do K p^-::;;::Sr panl8h4> - :::::^
Bar. Silver weak.' 24%d per ounce
Money. 2% per cent. •
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills Is 2 11-16 per cent. - ™ ar .* e * ro *
The rate of discount Jn the open market for
three month** bills Is 2% per cent.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, April 14. — Evaporated apples
were in light demand and the market was
without new features, the small business trans
acted being within the quoted range. On
lower grades the tone was weak but steady on
best apples. State, common to good,-7@8%c
prime, 9@9%c; choice,' 9%@10c; fancy, 10%@
lie. • .
Prunes reflected steadiness and some activity
in a Jobbing way for large sizes. Small con
tinued easy and dull. Apricots, and peaches
were steady and unchanged, moving fairly
well.
PRUNES — 3%©7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, : 11%
@12%e. • - ••¦• . . ¦- • ,
1 PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6@
10c. . . ~
DRIED FRUITS,
WHEAT— Receipts, 114,075 bushels; exports,
44,253 bushels. Spot market, easy; No. 1 red,
82%c elevator: No. 2 red," S4%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. o. b. afloat-
No. 1 hard Manitoba, S5^c f. o. b. afloat.
Wheat options opened lower, because of bet
ter crop and weather news and easy cables.
They recovered and turned strong on the vio
lent corn advance, together with small receipts
and a large visible supply decrease, but event
ually eased off under realizing and disappoint
ment over the small export trade. Close easy
*t %c net decline. May, 78 l-10@79%c, closed
.8%c; July. 78S4@79%c. closed 78%c; Septem
ber. <8%@78c, closed 78%c; December, 7991®
80c. closed 79%c. .
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Quiet. ,
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 26@29c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, nominal; No. 7 invoice,
5%c. Mild, dull; Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
closed steady, 6@10 points lower. Total sales.
27.50O bags, including: May, 5.05c; July, 6.15
<?5.25c: August, 5.30c; September. 5.40@5.45c;
December, 5.65c; January, 5.75c; March, 5.85c.
. SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair reflning, 2%c/
centrifugal. 90 test. 3%c. Molasses sugar,
2%c. Refined, steady.
NEW YORK, April 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,298 barrels; exports, 5130 barrels. Irregular
and about steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c 'for Gob
blers and 15@16c for -, Hens ; Geese, per Dair
*1 50@l 75; Goslings, /$2 25@2 60: Ducks $5®
$6 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens, $4 60®
6; young Roosters, $6 5007 50; old Roosters,
$4 50@5; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers, $5@5 30
for large and $2@3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
©1 75 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squab*
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2@2 50-
White Geese, 60@75c; Brant, $1@1 50 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@3 50; English Snipe. $3:
Jack Snipe, $1 50. .
Receipts of \, California Poultry were insig
nificant and the quotations are undisturbed.
Two cars of Eastern were placed on the mar
ket and sales were made as follows: Hens,
Fryers and Young Ducks, $7; old Ducks $5;
old Roosters, $6; young do. $8 50; large Broil
ers. $5 50; small do. $3 50; Pigeons, $1 75 for
old and $2 50 for Squabs; Geese, $1 75S'2- live
Turkeys,, 14o for Gobblers and 16c for Hens
- Owing to the warm weather there was but
little demand for Game. | Thirty-six sacks came
in and most kinds were quoted lower.
Poultry and Game.
I .Beatrice- M. Crooks to Southern Pacific Com
pany (corporation), undivided one-sixty-fourth
of block 52, Tide Lands, bounded by Third,
Fourth, S and Islais streets; grant.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Harry R. Whitt
lesey. lot on SE line of Madrid street, 75 S of
Brazil, SW 50 by SE 100, block 37, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Same to Frances V. Falkner, lot on 8E Una
of Madrid street. 125 SW of Brazil. SW 50 by
SE 100. block 37, same; $10.
Teresa Maglione to Silvio Florio. lot on S
line of Cortland avenue. 85:2% \V of Andover
avenue. W 25 by S 112:6: $10.
. William. and C. T. Nicol to John J. Mever,
lots 1360 to 1363, Gift Map 3; $10.
' . r Builders' Contracts.
W. de L. and Clara J. . Kingsbury (owners)
with R. E. Currie (contractor), Fred B. Wood
architect — All work for a two-story and base
ment frame building on lot on W line of Stan
yan street, 175:7 N of Belgrave avenue. N
124:0%. W 46:1. S 122:1. E 66:3%; $5235.
G. £. Page (owner) with J. G. Grannis &
Co. (contractors), architects Martens & Cof
fey — Steam heating for a five-story frame build-
Ing on lot on SW corner of Turk and Leaven
worth streets, W 37:6 by N 87:6; $1600.
George L. Patten (owner) with F. Marcuae
(contractor), architect none— All work for a
two-story frame building (two flats) on lot en
N line of Sacramento- street. 315:4 E of First
avenue. E 25 by N 117:10%; $3600.
Andrew Hunker (owner) with Ingerson &
Gore (contractors), architect N. Blaisdell All
wQrk except plumbing, gasfltting, sewers, elec
trical work, mantels, shades and gas fixtures
for alterations to a one-story frame building
on lotvon S line of California street. 90:6 B
of Franklin, S 137:6 by W 90:6, W. A. &7;
$6150.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with Otis Elevator
Company (contractors), architect same — Eleva
tor work for a six-story brick building on lot
on S line of Bush street. 137:6 E of Kearny.
B 68:9. S 137:6. W 34:4%, N 25, W 34- H-.
N 112:6; $6900. - yj '
C. F. A. Langermann Sr. to C. F. A. Langer
mann Jr.. lot on W line of Forty-third avenue,
100 S of N street. S 100 by W 120; $1. /
Solomon and Dora Getz to Jeptha C. Cooper,
lot on N line of A street. 75 E of Twenty-sixth
avenue, E 63:10 by N 125; $10.
George M. and Ella C. Mitchell and Christo
pher B. Currier to Mary Stephani. lot on NW
corner of Twenty-fourth and Point Loboa ave
nues. W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Louise and Louis Boutet to Carl G. L. Gelss
ler, lot on S line of Clement street, 67:6 W of
Second avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Plymouth Congregational Society to Frank
R. Grannis, lot SW corner of Twenty-fifth ave
nue and Lake street, W 120 by S 75; $1250.
Hennlng P. and Marie Otten to Tyler Dudley,
lot on E line of Fifth avenue. 350 S of Lake
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
James P. Treadwell to Stuparich Manufactur
ing- Company (corporation), lot on N corner of
Eighth and Brannan streets, NW 68:9 by NE
275; $10.
Peter and Catherine E. Burns to George M.
Santich, lot on SW line of Sumner street, 125
SE of Howard. SE 25 by SW 58; $10.
John and Annie Henchy to same, lot on SE
line of Jessie street, 392:6 NE of Fifth, NE 20
by SE 70; $10.
Frederick W. and Alice Zehfusa to Jeremiah
Mahoney, lot on NW line- of Mission street.
392:7 NE of Fifth, NE 20 by NW 90; $10.
Elizabeth I. and Charles F. Joy to Christo
pher A. Buckley, lot on E corner of Market and
Spear streets. NE 45:10 by SE 137:6; $123,500.
Alonzo G. and Ellen E. McFarland to Nannie
A. Meyerfeld (wife of M. Jr.), lot on N line of
O'Farrell street, 214:6 W of Jones. W 28 by N
137:6; $10. -
Barbara H. Pauson to Abraham Hessel, lot
on N line of Paciflo street, 160:6 W of Jones.
W 23 by N 120; $5000.
Abraham Hessel to Barbara H. S. Morris,
same; sift.
Charles A.. Margaret or Miss M. St«wart to
William and Abraham Haas, lot on W line of
Powell street, 23:1%. S of O*Farrell, S 46 by W
137:6: $10.
Same to. same, lot on N line of Washington
street, 234:3% E of Kearny. N 137:6. E 25:2^.
SE 22:6. SW 14. S 112, W to beginning (quit
claim deed); $10.
Edgar and Sophie C. Bishop to Glacomo Oral.
lot on N line of Washington street, 235:2% K
of Kearny, N 137:6, E 25:2%. SE 22:6. SW
14. S 112, W 25:11%; also lot on E line of
Maiden lane. 137:6 S of Jackson street. N
30.25. SE 39.37, W 25.19; $10.
Nicholas Holland to G. Muzes, lot com
mencing 126 S of Twenty-third street and 109
W of Treat avenue. N 31 by W 13:6; $10.
Carl Jacobs to Nels M. and Carria Matson.
lot on S line of Twenty-first 'street. 50 W of
Hampshire, W 25 by S 97:6; $10.
Estate of James Fitzstmons (by John H.
Kerwin and Patrick R. Lynch, executors) to
Lillie K. Brooks (widow), lot on B Un© of
Minna street.' 155 S of Fourteenth, S 25 by E
80; $1500.
Ellen Fitzsimons (widow) to same, same;
$10. .
William and Agnes G. Mann to Jana N.
Tremlett. lot on E line of Stanyan street, 25
N of Grattan, N 25 by E 108:4; $10.
Anne T. Tubbs to Samuel C. Bigelow. lot on
NW corner of Jackson street and Central ave
nue. N 87:6 by W 90; $10.
Henry Marquardt to William Grandeman, lot
on E line of Lott street (Central avenue), 100
S of Golden Gate avenue, S 37:0 by E 137:6;
$10.
Vesta, E. Bradbury (single) to Alfred W.
Bradbury, lot on W line of Devisadero atrset,
79:7 S of Sacramento. S 26:6 by W 110; $f0.
Alfred W. Bradbury to Vesta E. Bradbury
(single), same; $10.
Arthur and Antoinette Legallet to Elizabeth
F. Heine, lot on NE corner of Geary and Web
ster streets, E 68:9 by N 137:6; $10.
John H. and Lotta. Bohlig to Francis and
Mattie Klein, lot on N line of Fell street, 82:8
W of Octavia. W 25 by N 120; $10.
George W. and Ella Kline to Kenneth ilel
rose, lot on W line of Octavia street, 150 N
of Broadway, N 25 by W 137:6; $10.
Julien and Sophie Llebea to Bertha Zadlg.
lot on W line of Franklin street, 35:3 S of
Broadway. S :3 by W 120; $75.
Catherine Dwyer (by Joseph F. and Frank
A. Dwyer, trustees) to George M. Mitchell, un
der trust in 1869 D. 233, lot on SE corner oC
Post and Polk streets, E 66:10% by S 120;
$44,000.
MONDAY. APRIL 14.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
«t.«i«n. Last 24 This Last
Eureka Hours - S * ason - Season -
J^™ Bluff ....0.00 29 71 *>2 ««
Sacramento O .oo J628 1750
F a r?Jo r£nClSC ° 00 ° " : »« "•»
rn^nden^v.v.:::::: 1% js x fS
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 2lllS S?!^
Diego 0 w &S5 1QfX
&^F &nclsc^, A&t '- : Maximum temperature.
.!>. minimum, 54; mean. 66
The following maximum and minimum tem
peraxures were received from Eastern stations:
Boston . 54-42jKansas City 58-44
£» n f "i"* « 62-34 ! Duluth . . . 1 38-30
Philadelphia Jie-44 i Omaha 56-40
Jacksonville 82-58; Chicago 40-34
Washington 54-34 ' St. Louis 5S-44
*¦'*¦ * orlt 4S-40 Salt Lake City... 46-38
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time )
8AN FRANCISCO. April 14. 1902-* p. m.
Tl>e following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat*. as compared with those of the same date
louV ?%££' Md ralnfa11 ia the »*« twenty-
Weather Report.
• LIVERPOOL.' • '
' Wheat — ' <":-',.. . May. -¦.' ' July
Opening '6. OOU '¦'..•¦¦ 5-11U
Closing ..........;. 5 11% " 5 11
PARIS.' : i
Wheat — April. * Sept. -Dec
Opening ............22 05 ,20 45
Closing 22 10 '20 40
FlOUr — . . ' :; i - . ¦•
Opening ........26 65' 26 45
Closing .................... 26 70 20.50
Eastern Livestock Market..
CHICAGO
CHICAGO, April 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18,500; strong to 10c higher; j good to prime
steers, $0 75@7 40 ; ; , poor to medium. $4 50@
6 60; stockers • and j feeders, . $2 75@5 25; ' cows,
$1 4O@6.10; heifers, $2 50@6 35; canners. $1 40
@2 50; bulls. $2 50@5 45; calves, $2 50@5 85;
Texas fed steers, $5 25@6 25. -
HOGS — Receipts to-day, ! 35,000; to-morrow,
20,000;: left over, ,5000; steady, to 5c lower; ,
closed steady; mixed;, and butchers, $6 85@
7 27%; good to ' choice heavy, $7 20@7 30
rough heavy, $6 90@7 20; light, $6 75@7; bulk
of sales $6 95@7 25. .: . . .
SHEEP — Receipts. , 18,000; sheep, strong to
10c higher*-, lambs,' steady; - good ,. to choice
wethers, $5 25@6; fair to choice mixed, $4 75®
5 50; Western sheep, $4 75@6 25; native lambb
$4 75@7; Western lambs, $5 25@7. . '
- , . . ST. JOSEPH. >..¦ -
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 14.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1000; steady; natives, $5 60@7; cows
and heifers, $1 25® 6 50; veals, $3@5 75; bulls
and stags, $2 75@6; stockers and feeders. $2®
5 25. • : .VY ¦¦¦•-¦¦-,
HOGS— Receipts, 3000; steady to strong:
light and light mixed. $6 90@7 10; medium
and heavy. $7 07%@7 20; pigs, . $4 50®5 65;
bulk, $6 95@7 15. — ' . . .¦¦--
SHEEP— Receipts, 600; steady; Western
lambs, $6@6 75; Western steers, $4 25@6.
'-'New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 14.— A slight advance in
the local tin market followed a good gain ,at
London and prices at the close here were quoted
up to $27 75@28.- London finished £1 7s 6d
higher, with spot at £126 15s and futures at
£124.' 12a- 6d. ' .. ¦ \
|jj Copper ruled quiet and steady here with lake
at $12 25 asked, electrolytic' at $12.12% and
casting at $12. London closed with copper- 103
higher, making spot £53 17s 6d and futures
4'54.-~: / ¦ .¦¦-'¦¦-¦¦ - . ~ , •
Lead at London advanced Is 3d, closing 'at
£11 11s 3d. The New York market was steady
but unchanged at $4 12%. . ; : ;
Spelter also remained unchanged locally,
showing a fair undertone at $4 45. At London
a decline of 2s 6d occurred, the market.clos
ing there at £17 12s 6d. .-
Iron locally. was quiet and unchanged. Pig
iron' warrants remained nominal. No. 1 foun
dry Northern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry. North
ern. '$18@19; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $17 50
@18; No. 1 foundry, soft. Southern. $17 50(3)18.
The English markets were higher. Glasgow
closing at 5?s 10 and Mlddlesboro at 48s l%d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 14. — Cotton futures
closed steady, unchanged to 5 points lower.
Foreign Markets. '• •_
LONDON, April "14. — Consols, 94%; silver,
24%d; French rentes,- lOlf- 2%c; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 29s 6d; English country markets, fair
at advance of 6d; imports of wheat Into United
Kingdom, 456,000 qrs; do flour, 147,000 qrs;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom '4,240,000 qrs; do Continent. 1,610,000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL, April 14. — Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s l%d<^6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, quiet: flour, in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England.- fine. ¦ '¦"¦•. '
COTTON— Uplands, 5 ',l-32d. ,
! Northern Business.
TACOMA. April 14.— aearlngs, $238,197;
balances, $55,069.
PORTLAND. April 14. — Clearings, $591,269;
balances. $100,168. . ¦ ¦ . - .
SPOKANE, April 14.— Clearings, $277,414;
balances. $29,322. -
SEATTLE, April 14.— Clearings, $582,524;
balances, $75,320. " • v ?,
Northern Wheat Market.
- . ,. OREGON , i v
PORTLAND. April 1 4. v — Wheat — Walla Wal
la G3@64c; Bluestem,,e4@65c. '
AVASHINGTON." . ::-'
TACOMA: April 14.— Wheat— Steady, un
changed. Bluestem, 64^c; Club, 63% c.
MONDAY, April 14—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha ....... 02 03 Justice ...... 08 19
Alta " — 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 • 05 Lady Wash... — C4
Belcher ....„ 0t> 10 Mexican 45 4G
Best & Bel... 23 25 Occidental ... 09 11
Bullion .¦ 02 03 Ophir 1 10 1 IS
Caledonia ... 41 42 Overman «... 20 22
Challenge .. A 16 18 Potosi ....... 22 24
Chollar 11 12 Savage ...... 12 14
Confidence ... 60 63 3corpion ..... — 04
C C & Va 1 30 1 35 3eg Belcher... — 03
2on Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 23 24
Con NY — 01 Silver Hill... 49 50
Crown Point. 07 08 St Louis..... 06 —
Eureka Con.. IS — Syndicate ... 08 —
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... 22 24
Gould & Cur* 07 09 Utah — 03 04
Hale & Nor.. 21 22 Yel Jacket..., 11 12
Julia — ¦ C4^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany - quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.25c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. -4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.65c;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half -barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
0c . per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15% c;
In cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in cases,
21c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In cades,
26%c/ • "*•
TURPENTINE-r67c per gallon in cases and
Clc in drums and iron barrels. -
OIL — California Castor Oil. In casea. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed OH. in barrels, boiled,
76c: raw. 74c; cases, 6c more; Lu col. 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 67%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels,- 42%c; cases, 47%c; Co
coanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c
for Australian. ¦
COAIj — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, IS 50; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel/jll per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand.' / ¦ . *'
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentin, 5.65c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleec*
Twine. 7%@8c. , ;
General Merchandise.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$2 50 per box,"$l 85@2 25 for No. 1 and $1 25S
1 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25c@$l per box; extra
fancy, $1 25; Green Peas. 2%@3c; String Beans
from Los Angeles. 8@12c. including Wax; Cab
i^Z-J, 4^ 600 per ctl: ' Los An seles Tomatoes,
(5c@$l 25 per box and $1@1 25 per crate; Mex
ican Tomatoes, 75c@|l 25 per box, including
repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los
Angeles do. 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%@20c
per lbr Carrots, 75c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers. 50c@$l per dozen I for small and $1 25@
1 50 for large; , Garlic, 2@2%c; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 10@12%c; Mexican do, S@10c;
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 17% @20c; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50:
Marrowfat Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS — Oregons, $2@2 23\ for the best and
$1 75@2 for lower grades; Australian. $3i2>
3 E0, second hands; ¦ Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions, 25@40c per box. «*«=<="
Supplies of Oregon Onions continued plentiful
and prices were unchanged. . \ Australian and
Nevadas were offering freely at the quotations.
Receipts. of green were light, but large quan
tities of _ carried-over • stock were* offering. 4!
Asparagus and Peas ; moved off well at. un
changed prices under a steady demand and
moderate receipts. Stocks of Rhubarb were
large, consisting chiefly of carried-over stock,
which was hard to sell. Very little was sold'
at the top quotations. Shipments of Peas from
Los Angeles : have about ceased. Other vege
tables from that section were offering freely
and prices showed little change.'
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2%@3}Jc per lb:
old, v ?l 35@H 55 for Burbanks rrom the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 45@1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. ; River Reds, ¦ $1 50@l 60; Early
Rose,, for seed, $1 50@l 65; small Burbanks.
for seed, $1 10@l 35;. Sweets, $1 75 for Merced
in sacks and $2 in crates. ¦ ¦
Quotations for Otegron Burbanks are un
changed. One car was '"¦ received by" rail and
this. was all that was offering from first hands.
The- steamer- is due to-day with about 7000
sacks. Owing to the, scarcity of Oregons river
Burbanks were higher. | New . Potatoes ' cleaned
up well under light receipts and < a steady local
Inquiry. , ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local stocks and-tonds continue quief and featureless.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat steady and Barley arm. ]
No change in Oats, Corn or Rxc.
Bran higher again. '^Middlings unchanged.:
Hay crop of shorter staple than previously expected.
Beans still quiet, with whites depressed.
Butter lower. Cheese and Eggs in large supply and weak.
No further change in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet in all markets.
Hogs firm, with light receipts. Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry and Game quiet.
Citrus Fruits selling better, ozving to the warmer weather.
. Afternoon Session.
600 Chollar 12 600 Overman .... 21
700 C C & Va....l 35 500 Savage .... 12V*
300 Crown Point. 08 200 Sierra Nev.., 22
300 Gould & Cur. 08 50 Sierra Nev..-. 23
200 Hale & Nor.. 21 300 Silver Hill... 60
100 Ophir 1 12% 150 Union Con.., 22
400 Ophir 1 15 200 Yel Jacket.., 13
300 Belcher ...... 10, 200 Mexican ..... 44
700 Best & Bel... 25 200 Mexican ..... 45
200 Challenge ... 17 200 Occidental ... 09
600 Chollar ...... 12 100 Ophir 1 10
700 Chollar 11 100 Ophir 112%
300 C C & Va 135 600 Ophir 115
200 C C & Va..l 37% 200 Overman 22
200 Gould & Cur. 08 300 Savage ....„ 13
Morning Session.
The following were the sales in the Pacifies
Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session
150 C C & Va 1 35 400 Sierra Nev... 23
200 Mexican 45 100 Silver Hill... 50
500 Potosi 23
10O Caledonia ... 42\ 200 Potosi ....... 21
200 C C & Va 135 300 Savage 13
100 Gould & Cur. 09 200 Sierra Nev... 24
1000 Mexican . 45 300 Sierra Nev... 25
700 Ophir ..1 15 500 Union Con... 23
600 Overman 22 .
Morning Session.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87&
for demand and at $4 85% for sixty days.
P^f^d rates. $4 86 and $4 88%. Commercial
bills $4 84%@4 85%. Ba r sliver. 53 %c. -Mex
ican dollars, 43%c. Government bonds, strong;
Slate bonds., inactive; railroad bonds, irreg-
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 14.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says :
A moderate amount of activity characterized
the stock market to-day and shares were strong
all around on hopes of peace in South : Africa.
Balfour admits that overtures are passing back
a ?« fo i3 h - Consols touched 95 and closed at
is. talk that a new issue of -from
£25.000,000 to £30,000,000 win be announced
in to-night's budget.
Americans were more active, but there was
not much local buying. The shares opened well
above parity. New York became a general buyer,,
but p.s a, result the close was nominal. ..Louis
ville and 'Nashville was again the feature. The
stock opened at 112%, which was nearer pari
ty than since the beginning of the present up
ward movement. Big houses are short and
jobbers are chary about dealing. Denver and
Rio Grande bulged 2 points in the street and
other features of the day were Union Pacific.
Atchiton. Baltimore and Ohio. Southern Pacific
and Canadian Pacifle, all on New York orders.
Rio Tlntos were % down to 44% and copper
% up to £53 %d the ton; Anaconda # down
to 5% on sympathy with Amalgamated Copper.
The Government is disbursing funds. Silver
is flat and looks lower on New York realiza
tions.
Condition of the Treasury.
. WASHINGTON, April 14.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: cash balances, $178,966,963;
gold, $91753,966.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, April 14.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, April 12. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat, 46,614,000 bushels; decrease,
058,000. Oats, 3,054,000; decrease. 246.000
Rye, 1,947.000; decrease: 44,000. Barley, 5,178
000; decrease, 277,000.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: *jas%*ist>
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%©4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling , Lambs, $2 60@2 75 per
head or 5%©6c per lb Uveweight; yearlings,
4%<g5c Eer lb.
EOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@6i£.c; feeders 5*i@
6V4c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off and stags, 40 per cant oft from the above
quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : - .
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.' -
VEAI^-Large, 7%©8%c; small, 8%©10e per
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%®9%c; Ewes, 8®8%c
per pound. . - :
LAMB— Yearlings, 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb, 11&®12%C per lb. -
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%©9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
/V Hcgs continue firm, as will be seen : by'itho
quotations. :bu,t the top figure is obtainable only
fcr grain-fed, which are scarce, as dairy Hogs
will , hardly bring over 6%c. Receipts are
light. . ¦..-. ¦";- . - . .-•¦ . ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
The Bean • market • continues quiet, as pre
viously quoted." . ' . ~
. BEANS— Bayos, " $2 40@2 60; small White,
$1 75@2 10 ;, large White, $2@2 25 ; Pea,' $3@3 25 ;
Pink.$l 90@2 10; Red. .$2 25@2 50; Blackeye,
$4 50@4 75; Limas/ $3 50@3 60; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl/.' .' ;.. -, A . ..>-,.-
• SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 60@2 65: Tel
low Mustard. $3 26@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 GO;
Canary. 3%e for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@ll%c;, California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%©
2V4c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. -«•>*'!-
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60@2; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. ¦ v .-. .
Beans and Seeds.
THE SAN FRANCESCO: CALL, TUESDAY^ APRIL 15, 1902.
market .was steady: creameries. 24@29c; dalr
les, 24@27c.' Cheese, 'steady, '12@13c. Ekes
steady; : fresh. 14% @15c. . ' ** .^
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 60 degree*.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
NJSW WiHTEKN HOTEL.
F J 'White, Denver I H Dick, Plymouth O
K Edwards & w. Ill J Kappenberg. Ohio
D G Ryburn & w. IUIW Eagan. Stockton
W H Dlerks. Nebraska H E Ltnton, w & dgiit. •
O Bill. Butte Canton. Ohio
C O Dick. Biggs . ELF Coonan. Ky
C Mandlck. Jackson E Lamb St Louis
R A McPherson, Yaljo J Wright. Reno
W A Beebe, Cal R T Smith & w, SRosa
G C Gurnsey & w, Se- J Vamey, Los An*
attle - Miss Varney, Los An*
C Marsh, Los An? -
Three Wives Demand Freedom.
OAKLAND, Acril 14.— Minnie E. Plant
began suit for divorce to-day against Syd
ney E. Plant on. the ground of desertion.
The couple have been married a year and
live in Alameda. Minerva Dyer asks for
a divorce from Louis Dyer on the ground
of desertion. The plaintiff lives in Oak
land. Catherine Gardner charges Joseph
C. with habitual Intemperance
and wants a divorce from him on : that
ground.
OAKLAND, April 14.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has decided to build a new
depot at Decoto to cost $3500. This has
been made necessary by the increased
travel at this station to and from the
Masonic Home at that town.
6TJ
A.TIONS. - *
= 3=| as So S.
c p ; o -¦
? • ** • ?
re . a • '.
Astor
Bakei
Carso
Eurei
Fresn
Flags
Poc&t
Indejx
L f |
Phoen
Partla
Red I
R -s-tb
Stcrai
Salt I
£an F
F. L.
Eaa I
Setttl
Spoka
Neeh
Walla
"Winn«
Yurr.a
ria 30.06
r 3O.fi2
mi 20.SK>
ka 29.S8
10 29.86
staff 29. 76
tello. Ma.30.04
>endence..29.S2
Anseles..29.8«
nix 29.70
and 30.04
Bluff 29.88
>urr 29 .»6
.mento ..29.86
Lake 30.06
r rancisco.29.92
Obispo..29.S8
Diego 29.86
le 30. OS
me 30.10
Bay 30.08
a. Walla.. 30.08
temucca . . 29 . 96
i. 23.70
56 46 PW Pt Cldy .OS
C8 32 SE Pt Cldy T.
«« 30 XW Pt Cldy .00
55 44 NW Clear .00
84 4S NW Clear .00
GS 42 W Clear .00
50 26 SW Clear .W
74 44 N Clear .00
78 48 W Clear .00
85 50 SW Clear .00
60 36 NW Clear .00
SO 58 N Clear .00
72 48 XW Clear .00
76 54 KE Clear .00
48 38 NW Clear .00
78 54 W Clear .00
86 50 NW Clear .00
62 50 SW Clear .00
60 3* N Clear .00
56 42 W Cloudy .00
50 38 E dear .13
62 46 W Clear .00
60 24 NE Clear .00
84 54 SW Clear .00
6TJ
A.TIONS. - *
= 3=| as So S.
c p ; o -¦
? • ** • ?
re . a • '.
Astor
Bakei
Carso
Eurei
Fresn
Flags
Poc&t
Indejx
L f |
Phoen
Partla
Red I
R -s-tb
Stcrai
Salt I
£an F
F. L.
Eaa I
Setttl
Spoka
Neeh
Walla
"Winn«
Yurr.a
ria 30.06
r 3O.fi2
mi 20.SK>
ka 29.S8
10 29.86
staff 29. 76
tello. Ma.30.04
>endence..29.S2
Anseles..29.8«
nix 29.70
and 30.04
Bluff 29.88
>urr 29 .»6
.mento ..29.86
Lake 30.06
r rancisco.29.92
Obispo..29.S8
Diego 29.86
le 30. OS
me 30.10
Bay 30.08
a. Walla.. 30.08
temucca . . 29 . 96
i. 23.70
56 46 PW Pt Cldy .OS
C8 32 SE Pt Cldy T.
«« 30 XW Pt Cldy .00
55 44 NW Clear .00
84 4S NW Clear .00
GS 42 W Clear .00
50 26 SW Clear .W
74 44 N Clear .00
78 48 W Clear .00
85 50 SW Clear .00
60 36 NW Clear .00
SO 58 N Clear .00
72 48 XW Clear .00
76 54 KE Clear .00
48 38 NW Clear .00
78 54 W Clear .00
86 50 NW Clear .00
62 50 SW Clear .00
60 3* N Clear .00
56 42 W Cloudy .00
50 38 E dear .13
62 46 W Clear .00
60 24 NE Clear .00
84 54 SW Clear .00
ADGTION SALES
At auction next TUESDAY, April 15, at 1140
Folsom st., at 11 a. in., I will sell 8 peddling
wagons. express, 4 camp wagona. 2 surrles. 5
buggies 'and a lot of horses and harness.THE SAX FR ANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL '¦¦<¦ 1 5, 1902
12
- EDUCATIONAL— Continued. j
ALL' Gregg stenographers' secure- positions; 34
•_ good positions In March: rapid figures aspe-
X clalty. S.' F. Business College." 1230 Market.
DANCING quickly taught: private or class.
BARKER'S .Academy.' 723. Market st- :',
ILLUSTRxVTION— PARTINGTON' S_. DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD' S Business College. - 24 Post st.7 S. F.;
founded 1803; -new SO-page catalogue free.
; ) ' .'/'. ELEVATORS/
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff, 565 Mission; tel. John 3856.
% , ; EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE "reliable house-cleaning, cooks
: and- waiters furnished at short notice. Goo.
Klposhlta. 1203 Page, cor. Ly on; tel. Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Of flee— Furnish most
_ reliable help. • 524 > Bush -at.; tel. Bush 516. |
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.* 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097.' BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chlne«e- best help;- cook and
waiter.. 421. Post. GEO; AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help.»426 Powell.nr.Suttcr;tel.Black 5072. I
EMPLOYMENT WANTE D— •FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH first-class laundress, references,
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A — SWEDISH girl, good cook and housework-
er;. wages $25. ( MRS. NORTON, 313 Butter.
A — YOUNG Swedish j woman wishes .work by
the-day. 173 Clara at. . - :
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes place . in small
family to do housework. 967B Howard at,
bet. Fifth and. Sixth.-. ¦ ¦ .- ¦.: ¦ '.¦¦ V-; ¦ .
WANTED— By respectable young lady, part-
ner In. lunch counter and chop house; $75 re-
qulred. , -Apply ; 75 Third st. room 1. ¦-¦ . -
DRESSMAKER would like a few. more en-
gagements by the day; ladles and children;
perfect fitting; first-class work; 'city or
country. Address ¦ M. P., '509 Jones at. '
YOUNG ¦ lady without any family, connections
wishes to travel with lady. Call' or address
.121 Montgomery 1 st, room 11. ' :' :• 1 ' . . -
AN experienced- and* rellablo German., girl
wishes position to take can* of Infant. 1521
Eighth st. Alameda. j / : -'¦,'¦"''. '- .'¦
MIDDLE-AGED American woman* desires
. housekeeping position or cook on .ranch.
Stockton House, 153% Third': at,' room 15.
MIDDLE-AGED "American woman, a stranger
from the East, would like a position as com-
' pan ion to elderly lady or keep house for el-
derly, couple. Call -or address 11' Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, a. stranger
from the East, would like position ¦¦ as house-
keeper. Call or address 11 Polk st.
YOUNG Finnish girl . wishes position doing
housework. .Apply to 1410 >£ California st.^
RKFINED young woman' wants' situation ; as i
attendant in doctor's or dentist's office; best
reference?. ' Box 17C1, Call office, -i . I
SWEDISH woman wishes washing. Ironing,
housecleanlngby day;' terms, ?1 25 day. Box
1574, Call office. ¦•¦¦.-.- . 1
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wants dining]
¦ room work or pantry work In boarding house
¦ by the week.-. 2078. Mission st.
GIRL wishes - situation for ' light housework;
private family; reference; no postals. 1022
Lark in st ¦ • '• \.~ :¦•'.' ' ¦'. '¦¦'•'
WOMAN wants to go out by day; washing or
housecleanlngv . 567 Minna st;
RESPECTABLE woman, practical, by the
week or month; would care for Invalid; good
references." Call before 8 p. m.. 892 Geary.
RELIABLE woman wants , situation' as chil-
dren's: nurse or companion to elderly lady:
flrst-class references: willing to assist with
housework and sewing. 120 Fourth. st.
HOTEL housekeeper— A j lady who thoroughly
understands her business desires a position lnV
first-class hotel or summer resort; flrst-class
references. Box 1585, Call office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper or com-
. panlon to elderly lady,, for the-day only.
Address- Lady, box 4012. Call office. 5
AN American woman would like plain or fam-
ily sewing; dresses refaced or bound reason-
able; or will: go out by, the day. 210 Grove.
WINCHESTER House. :44 Third at:, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooma; 25c to $1 M) per night: $1 50
to $0 week; convenient. and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT, ads and subscriptions taken 'for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, '639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received atCall.branyh, office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has | been j established at 1090
Valencia st ¦ ' • ,-..,..
-KMPLO YffiSNT-"- WANTED — MALB.T~
A GERMAN. -first-class- gardener, , who thor-'
oughly .understands greenhouses, growing of
flowers, vegetables, can milk, run gasoline
.engine,, needs situation; country preferred;
references. Gardener, box 1571. Call.
WANTED— By a competent American, a situ- !
atlon as coachman or'to drive a 2-horse team;
• references. Box 4798, Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach- .,
man, gardener and general utility. man; can ]
milk 'and understands his business -thorough-
ly; references. Box 4024, Call office.
A WELL recommended, man; 25, wishes posi-
tion. In liquor store or delivery wagon. Ad-
dress FRANK.221 Ninth st '. . . ¦
GERMAN about place; " understands care of!
horses, milk, good gardener and driver. L. i
R .," box 1568. Call office. - , -. . I
MAN wants positlon'as orchardlst, vlneyardlst. 1
gardener or Doultryman: la reliable, practi- ;
cal and willing. Box 4023. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes a position tending bar;
hag some experience and well recommended:
city or country. Box 1564, Call office.
MILK wagon driver, experienced, single, with
city, references, wants work.' Box 1570, Call.
COUPLE wa nt ranch • positions ; husband hon-
est, capable, sober. Intelligent; ' performs
light' general work and -superintends; wife
splendid housekeeper and manager; Eastern
experience. - Box 4873, Call office. .
WANTED— By a man of long practical experw-
ence In the manufacture of preserves, pickles,
catsups and sauces; city or country. -Address
W. H., 1729 Eddy st. ,.'''-
MALE " stenographer deiTres position; Is em-
. ployed at present but would like change ; sev-
eral years' experience ; best of references. Box
1532, Call office. '
*- — •
WANTED — By man and wife of experience, a ;
ranch or. farm to rent or to take care; refer- :
ences given; write for particulars. >' Address [
N. D., . r >0 San Pablo ave..' Oakland. •
YOUNG -man -wants position as "coachman and
gardener; good driver; can milk; handy with
tools. •_ Box 1407, Call. .
INTELLIGENT young man having 5 or 6
hours daily to himself wishes outside work.
Address with particulars, box 4916, Call.' '.
GARDENER; understands % grafting, budding
and all-around gardening: private place or
nursery; reference.-. Box 1601, Call, office. (
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes *posl-
' tion in hotel • or boarding-house. : Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place.- : ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
> subscriptions has been established at I 1090
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flco. 220" Fillmore
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co.-(lnc.)-^We
have 42 offices In operation; -new -method of
placing' stocks and -bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
; or . address main office. &07-S-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES 'Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects .wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Invest Co.,- 323 Post.
.WANTED— Shares of stock in ; the Vulcan
Smelting and Refining: Co. ; : Address box 4792,
Call office,, with amount and price.;. .
FOR sale — 1000 shares -Vulcan S. and M. stock
In lots- to suit purchaser; price $7. Address
box 4029, -Call office. • .. ' .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call, . 10 pages,' sent , to any: address | n the
¦ Unljted States or Canada one year for $1.'. .:--.
;_ V".'. ': -FLATS ;.TO •' 1 LET. . r" ;. •: . V ¦ ; -
TO let — Two'' aunny V corner flats • of : 7 - rooms;
good opening - for • dentist. ' Apply 1 to Golden
Gate ¦ Pharmacy, . corner ' Flllmore . and : Union.'
A NEW modern upper flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. Inquire at 1180Stanyan st"
GROVE,- ,790-^-New sunny modern. flat,' 6 rooms,
> bath, t tinted.'; storeroom;; adults. '¦'' : :
HAWTHORNE, , 172, 'near ' Harrison— Sunny
slower flat- of- 4 roomsi ¦¦-• .'¦.¦*•.
LAGUNA, 2922. .near': Union— Lower flat- 5
; rooms:and .bath; $11. - ' . ¦. •
NEW;' modern "sunny flat: yards ,.,¦ and base-"
? mt-nta ; near Park:- .257 Carl pt.. , nr. 'Stanyan. '
STAN YAN, 1132— Furnished ' or,, unfurnished
.-:• lower, flat:. NE. v corner;.Eun'all day; modern.
: CHEAPEST, and best in; America— The Weekly
'. , ¦ Call. ¦; 16 : pages, -:, sent ; to ¦: any : address in the
. United States' or Canada' one -y«.-ar,.for/$l.'
postasre n»M; ¦ '-j ¦¦ • . ,. '¦•¦•. '.'«'
BUSINESS CII ANCES— -Contin nea. j
A ..A. STENBERG.. i
7K) Market st .;...:.. ...Tel. Black 549L
Money Advanced on Any Business
...If You Want Invest in a Good Business...
Or Sell Your Merchandse ".
"-..'.: :....... For Cash
.....Why Don't You See STENBERG?.....
$000 ....<......
Restaurant
Among Shops, Factories.:
Receipts About $40 . .
Must Be Sold
A. STENBERG, 750 Market st.
$350 — CORNER cigar 6tore, ncitn of Market,
between two theaters; old age cause of sale.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery st, room 4.
f.lSOO— COFFEE saloon In heart of the city;
down towp; magnificently fitted throughout;
well established place; everything first-class,
enormous transient business; low rent:, re-
ceipts justify $3000 Investment; 'old age the
only cause of sale; best chance In this city.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery su, room 4.
$900 — CORNER grocery ar.d bar. In Western
Addition; 6 rooms and bath; present owner
there 8 years. M. LESS. 131 Montgy. rm. 4.
. A— JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent '¦ ' '
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent. :
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st
Cash customers waiting; established 1808.
$25f- WILL buy a half interest in a flrst-class
French restaurant connected with a large ho-
tel; location all that can be desired; the
whole can be bought If desirtd. Address box
1(32. Call office. ¦ .
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
• year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures etc, all go; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
lsfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notions, candy and
school supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established many years: change of business
cause of sale; no agentfe. Box 4926, Call.
$3150— FOR sale; well-established plumbing
business: building and good stock all go;
must sell because sickness. Box 4925, Call.
FOR BALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.
will Invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 1C5. Vallejo, Cal.
$300 — COFFEE and chop house; flne chance for
man and wife to make money; don't miss it
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st
$2500 — PARTNER wanted in first-class country
hotel; rare chance. Owner, box 4918, Call.
TEA. coffee and variety store with fixtures
for sale; rent $25. ' Apply 353 Fifth st.
§350 — 80 ACRES In Scotch Valley. Slskiyou.
Co. ; good level land. Box 4834, Call office. .
WANTED — Lady or gentleman partner . In
. some splendid paying patents. Call 255 Clara.
1000 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale. O"52
Green st. flat 2. rear.
$400 — ELECTRIC repair and locksmith shop;
established 10 years. Box 4S5S. Call orflce.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St. rms. 1-2.
• . ¦ Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for Eale on easy terms. Please call.
City hotel, small; a mint $1,500
City hotel, 36 rooms; clearing $225 3,250
City hotel ; 60 rms. ; lease ; clears $400 . 5,000
City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250. T»,500
City hotel; 63 rooms; lease: rent $250. 7,000
City hotel: 100 rms.; lease; rent $300.. 0,000
City hotel; 75 rooms: lease; rent $275. 8,000
City hotel; SO rms.; lease; clears $760. 10,000
Country hotel. Includes real estate 4,000
Country hotel; near this city 3.500
Country hotel; cost $8000...... 2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10.000 7,.M)0
Country hotel; Includes real estate 12.000
6S-nn. lodging-house; lease: rent $223. 0,500
11 5- room Icdging-house; rent $400 0003
AXT of the following on monthly payments:
15 rooms; transient; clears $100
8-room flat; snap; Geary st 200
100 rooms; Market st; clears $350 C000
17 rooms; north of Market: clears $100. 1000
35 rooms; near Market; snap... 2100
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only 375 1
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3500 .
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350 |
40 rooms; clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market st, corner Ellis.
$500—8 ROOMS; clears $75; b!g transient
trade. RETSLOF, 906 Market st
WINSTON & WOLFE, ~ ~
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central.. 1650
3S rooms;. rent 580; money-maker 2250 !
31 rooms: rent $100; Just listed 2100 !
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300 !
15 rooms; rent $05; good furniture 1000
35 rooms; rent $S0; N. of Market 2000
03 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this.
500 other houses on our list to' select from;
telephone Jessie 221L
A. CAMERON & CO., —
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit I
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
6 r.; Geary; rent $25; lease; very nice. $550
10 r. ; all new and elegant; clears $50.. 1000
17 r. : downtown: hskeeplng: clears $60. . 900
I 53 r. ; total expense of house $175: aparts. 290 J
Money Loaned. 1% per cent --
A LODGING-HOUSES. ....... t...
10 rooms; rent $50: modern building; good
furnishings; death cause of selling $500
20 rms.: rent $70; cent loc.: mixed fur. 1?W
23 rms.: rent $5C: .bay-window house.. 1700
27 rooms: rent $125: lease; fins 'urn... .".500
85 rms.: rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and -hotels* to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and lnvestl-
¦ gate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet Sth and Cth.
GEORGE W. BROWN, 783% Market 8t^
. Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
18 rooms; swell; bay-window; newly fur.. $1600
17 rooms; north side; light sunny house.. ' 900
14 rooms; flne mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard. 850
1 20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
I' 13 rooms; for this week only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100 1100
We offer any of the above on payments.
! A — H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st ~ "
'¦ Before buying a lodging-house, roomlng-
j house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
! country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
I . unless the value Is In sight Sample:
• 10 rooms; finely furnished .'.$300
j German and French spoken. *
H. C. DECKER, Reliable Broker, 1020
Market Ft., opposite Fifth.
GOOD transient house; new furniture.. ..$1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country: transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms: corner house for men 6000
60 rooma; offices and rooma; low rent... 3200
35 rms. ; Howard: rent only $05: -terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, houses and fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
RYAN & O'ROURKE, S19 Market rra. 3l" ~
500 houses for sale; Rome vacant houses. :
Any house on payments. Money to" loan.
Title cuaranteed on all Eales.
Houses from 5 to 200 rooms* '•
<* See our big free list first.
A few special bargains this week.
For a house that pays see
RYAN & O'ROURKE, 819 Market rm. 31.
D^NTLlj~rNvlESTMENT""cbMPANY
¦ 850 Market st — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We. furnish vacant , houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. / '¦!
. . New houses to . lease.
I McBRIDE & CO.'. 765 Market— Some bargains
I $lcr/O— 18 rooms; Kearny; all llghtv net $100.
I $375 — 19 rms.: Jackson; good and easy work.
j 5700 — 17 rooms; Jones; nice business.
$180—7 rooms; 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
14-ROOM house; a sacrifice If sold before April
16; house Just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with , entirely new furniture through-
cut. Apply rooms 22C-227. Parrott building,
fifth floor. • , ' ; . - -
A — NOTICE — We. have roomtnR-houses.all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market
A — 14 ROOMS, well furnished: "4th. near Mar^
ktt; price $550. STRAND, 209 Kearny 8t
! NO. 100% Sixth st. — For sale, cheap, 6 nicely
furnished rooms; no dealers;, departure. -
.CARPENTER' AND JOItltEn.
JOBBING, office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern carpenter; reasonable.- Box 4931, Call.'-
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. ' Room 310.' 927 Market st.
""—*"" "^~^"~ —"¦"¦ —^— i
DOG HOSPITALS.
DK. CREELY'S . C. . P. - dog ' soap by drusglut*
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden. Gate ave.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.' j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Sen Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. ra.
3C0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister Ftreet: open until 9.30 p. m.
3:5 I-iirkin street: open until 3:30 p. m.
1SM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2231 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. ni.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109G Valencia Etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and . Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p.' m.'
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. --.!?'- •:<
r MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Command-ry I»' :
No. 1U, K. T.. C23 Sutter st — Special •£&»
assembly THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- (Ph
ING, at 7 o'clock. Order of Temple. 3gtj/
All fr&ters are courteously invited. **
11. D. LOVELAXU. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and -
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES- Jk
LAV) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. De- S?^
gree Two. By order of the W. M. r%r>
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. m
M. — The members of the lodge are re- '
quested to attend the funeral of our T& jf '
deceased brother, FERDINAND l*r s
KLATT. on WEDNESDAY. April 16, 1902, !
at 2 o'clock p. ra.. from Masonic Temple,
Washington and Twelfth sts., Oakland. Take
1" o'clock broad gauge boat By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodce No. 136. F. and A. M.. m .
1Z1 Eddy Bt., meets THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, 7 :U0 o'clock. Sec- 'Kj?
ond Derree. / tt 1
GilORGE PENLINGTON, SeoreUry.
ORIENTAL Lodre No. 144. F. and A. »
M.— Third Degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^V-
E\*ENING at 7:30 o'clock. TtJ\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V^ >
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. L O.O. <g&Xafo.
p. — Buplness of importance THIS
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Please
attend. "tVI*^
HORACE W. HANNA, N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
RERVTAN-MONTENEGRIN L. and ,—A*h
B. Society — All officers and mem- \AX3?
bers of the above society are jRKtSSg)
hereby nctifled to attend the fu- rSte^LtSiB
neral of our late brother. VLAUO «j» OffS*
JOVOVIC1L on WEDNESDAY. r.ftSiKpgl
April It., El 1 o'clock p. m. from BTrwypv?
Ku5?:an church, 1715 Powell su M£**Sr«r
By order of
JOH^C E. KUKA\1ZA. President
gPIRO S. VUCOSALIEVICH, Secretap-.
KOTICE to the stockholders of The Risdon
Ircn and Locomotive Works is hereby given
that in pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the office of the corporation.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
gtate of California, on the 17th day of
March, 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works '
will he held at the office of the corporation. '
No. 298 Steuart Ft. In the city and county of I
Ban FranciEco. Btate^of California (the same
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board ,
cf Directors usually meet), on 'WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con- !
ddering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded Indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand <600.000) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and nece's-
eary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary of The Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
ENGROSSING,
Resolutions, etc. In first-class manner. J. W.
GHIT*FITH. Heald's Bug. College. H Poet st.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES case; future predicted: readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; £J1 cares; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve'a; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J- M. THCRSTON. S19 Market Bt
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN bas some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin ft. and 305 Market st
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.betSth&8th.
BOOKS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1S40.
~~ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^^lSOoT SALOON with mercantile lunch; 14
rms.; rent 500; cloEe to Palace Hotel; no night
work; a first-class paying place; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st
A — $1000; CANDY etore and factory; best loca-
tion on L&rkin et. ; an elegantly finished store
and first-class paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26«6 Kearny gt
A — $650; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class payifig; eurrouaded by
railroad shops, planing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt
A — DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about $.'{500: price $4000; rent $20.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A -*800; BUTCHER sbtrp; established years;
doing a first-class business; located In Oik-
land; rent 535, including 7 rooms, 2 horses,
1 •wagon. 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st
A — ?2f»00; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister Bt*. ; rent $55. including 6 pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R_ G. WILKE,
r My~ Kearny st.
A — $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigar*, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone and 1
laundry off.ee. In booming town across the
bay; place clears above $200 during 8 months
In the year; investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny fet
OUR dividend for the week ending April 12 was
$3 68 on each $108 invested. Our dividends
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
paid every Monday morning. Earns more in
ons week than in year in savings bank.
Principal can l>e withdrawn at any time, and
dividends paid up to hour of withdrawal. A
tested investment. Safe as Government bonds.
We invite investigation. Call or write for
interesting literature."
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN.,
Suite 615, Kmma Spreckels bldg.
$5'0n~-05-ROOM hotel and bar, central, alwavs
full.
*1700 — Grocery and bar, 0 fur. rms, Folsom.
SI.'.ii!) — Orocery and bar, 2 living rms. Pine.
fl2uO — Books, notions, circulating library,
fine, must be tcld, Valencia, st
HEALY & CARIt. »27 Market st. rm. 20S.
A— WANTED— In an old-establshed business,
one or tva men with $20,000 or $25,000 each;
business will stand Investigation; references
exchanged. Box 3570. Call office. T
A— SO CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $2000;
rents *•« to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7
daily.. HEDGES. 4G1-4C2 Parrott building.
A RELIABLE man with 5200 to Invest in es-
tablished business that will pay him $18 to
$20 per »wk; no experience required; light
work. 25 Geary Et., room 4.
$.1000 — HARDWARE rtcre paying well; lot
cated In grruwine. prosperous town; saie*
average $l.'J,0o0 i^r annum; profits net 33 1-3
j>er cMit; expenses light;' invoice .if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4922, Call.
1375 — PARTNER in first-class business ~vrlU
teach you the business. DECKER. 921 Markt
BARKER shop for sa!e; bess is sick. 181
Minna rt.
TO let — Good corner restaurant partly fur-
rished:.rent cheap: also bakery, furnishe-:;
good chance for baker. 1535 or 1520 Seventh 1
tt. <formerly Webster). West End, Alameda.
VALUABLE foreign patents for aale, or will
trade for city property. Address box 4320,
Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — Roadhouse, a short
distar.ee from San Francisco. Inquire 513
Pacific ft. HStSS
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery store for
e&le cheap. Apply 1705 Ellis et, cor. Pierce.
ARE. you looking to establish business? Best
place on 2 continents. Owner, 454 34th, Oak.
GROCERr and bar and -3 living rooms; cheap.
i,4 Rausch st.
$9000 — FINE crocery and saloon for sale: 1 at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party.' Box 4818. -Call.
FOR Sale — Outside route this paper; call. front'
6 to 7 p m. ; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
»27 Sbotwel! st.
I FLATS TO .LET—^FURNISHED. r r
DEVISADERd.- 1911. near Calif ornla— Sunny
- ¦ furnished 6-room flat; 11-4 p. m.; reasonable.
UPSTAIRS flat. 6 sunny furnished rooms. Call
1020 Central ave.. bet. Sutter and Bush sts.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517-^4 rms.; bath; gas range;
' garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12.50; 1 to 4.
. FLATS FOll SALE—F tkxiSHEl). ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages.- In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR" SALE.
AT • CAVANAGH Furniture I Co., .848 and '850
. Mission st. — Special inlaid linoleum. 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves. $5; chairs, 35c; -bed sets.
$8 and up; 4 rms. turn., oak, $43, No., 7 stove.
PARLOR set 5 pieces, carpet of 6 rooms; 1 No.
!Y 7 range, lace curtains, • etc.', all- new.- For
particulars apply, at BURKE' S, 1922 Market.
I 4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with Nof 7
r range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
$100— 9 furnished n rooms, bar and fixtures.
ROGERS. 61 Tehama st, upstairs.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. : WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. . pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; teL Red 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
I reasons. ¦ WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner bldg. '
¦ • GLOVES. ."¦ • ' ' ' '
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world:
warranted; kept In* repair. • 121 Grant ave.
HELP :/ | WAKTlB]Du-^^EMAr.E^^^^-
I AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S ... Phone Grant 185
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...:.....
"2 waitresses, Yosemlte Valley, boss here.$20
2 waitresses, ; same spring/. .$20
Girls, mixed work, springs. . ........ .*.'. . .$20
Chambermaids to wait, city: and' country".$20
1 Cook, . small sanitarium, ' city. ..;... $30
Waitresses, mining, towns; fares paid $20
-Chambermaids, city and country. ....... .$20
Laundresses, city and country, resorts$25-$30
Cook, summer resort last of May, . fare
, paid ."....:........ ...$40
Pantry girls, Institution, : city ..:...... $18-$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $25-$30; second girls, nurseglrls, house-
girls; best of wages, $l0-$30. ' V* '
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... ...'.'.429 Bush at.
(Opposite California Hotel and Theater.) ,
WANTED — Cook, no washing, Jewish family.
$35; cook, little wash, $30; 2 first-class
. nurses,' $25; 8 second girls, city and. country,
$20, $25; German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework, 2 In "family; $30; pantry
girl, hospital, $20; 2 laundresses for private
families, city, $25, $30; 34 girls for general
housework In nice families,* $20. $25, $30; 14
waitresses for city hotels,' $20. $25; 8 cham-
bermaids, wait -one -meal.- $20; chambermaid
and 'waitress, country resort, $25; flrst-class
chambermaid ¦ for summer . resort for May' 1,
$25; cook, plain wash. American family of 4,
Nlles, [ $30; a number ! of .- girls ' for- general
housework, Oakland, Alameda, ' . Calistoga,
Ross Valley and other towns, at good wages;
kitchen helper, $25, and a waitress, same
country hotel, - and-' lots of j other orders \ too
numerous to - advertise. 5 Apply to J. • F.
i ' CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter St., . -. '.* '•
I A HEAD waitress, $30; 3 ¦, waitresses, $25 and
j found, same place,' fares paid. MRS. M. E.
j DAY. 335 Geary it. -, - ¦„ , :. . ¦; .-¦,.¦
j A— 2 WAITRESSES and chambermaid, resort,
$20 - each, see party here to-day, ' fares • paid.
I MRS. M.E. DAY, 335 Geary st. * '
A— HE AD waitress, resort. $35, see •' party : to-
day. MRS. M. E. DAY. .335 Geary st
A — COOK and 'second elrl,' friends or sisters
preferred, 2 In family, see lady here, to'go
south, $45. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A— CHAMBERMAID, private, no -waiting.
Santa . Cruz, $20. MRS; M. f . E. DAY; , 335
Geary st. : t . ¦¦¦)'''-: ¦ "'¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ '¦¦'¦•" -'
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.,. ...
- 602 Taylor st. ; phone Black 2104.
MRS. KERR AND COZZENS. . /
S waitresses, springs, $20; .woman helper In
kitchen,- $20, room and board. .' ¦ . -" .;¦¦ > ¦•
Woman, general • housework, • $20; chamber-
maid, assist waUln£/_cmnitry^_$20£____ ; _
V NURSE, $25; cook, American family '¦ of two,
l $30; mother and daughter, small ranch, $35;
two second girls, $25 each; 4 cooks, $30. each;
cook. Institution. $30; waitress, $20: 50 house-
work girls, $20 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. ' ,•¦<-•'.'.-.'--•.- - -. ¦ :¦¦
WANTED — 5 girls to learn 'halrdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair; work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College, 233 Geary gt. rooms 13-15.
GOOD skirt and waist hands wanted Imme-
diately. 1100 Market st; ;. ..... - .... . •
GIRL, general housework;' plain -cooking; two
In family; no children; | good ,' wages. 3823
Nineteenth st, ' bet. J Church and ¦ Sanchez. -
WANTED — Flrst-class hairdresser and , mani-
cure. Apply between ' 8 "and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' ' ".¦ " "" ¦":" .'¦¦'
EXPERIENCED operators . on- ' ladles' • neck-
•wear; good pay. ¦ BAUER' BROS. &' CO.. '21
Sansome st.' : ¦¦ - ¦ ¦-. ' ¦ J
EXPERIENCED "operators on waists; " steady
work; good pay. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21
Sansome st. ¦ -¦ ¦ . ' • . V ' ~
A — WANTED-^-Glrl In photograph gallery.
Address box 1565. Call office, v. . ; At
A — TRIMMERS, makers and salesladies want-
ed. MRS. E. LYNCH, 1003 Market st. -, •
. WANTED— Hairdresser. 1036 Market st'
150 OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles'
underwear. 656 Mission st, third' floor.
150 OPERATORS on ladles' waists to work In
factory. C5G Mission st, third, floor.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ¦ coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. .
TAILORESS on grood custom coats at 014 Pa-
cific St., near Powell. . ' .
WAITRESS wanted at 1700 Devlsadero at; $6
J week. J "¦':¦.. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .' ' ' ' . '' ' - ' - ¦ ]
I EXPERIENCED tucker on machine; good pay. i
! 121 Poet St., 3d floor, room • F.
RESPECTABLE girls for chocolate dipping
and other work ; In candy factory. 224 Bat-
tery st. w • ....¦.' . ' • .
I PROTESTANT woman for housework for 3;
j good home. 1546 Howard st, 12-4, at once.
I FINISHERS on coats; steady work. H. HILP,
100 Battery st. -
I FIRST-CLASS finishers on vests. 230% /Ninth
street. "¦ . ' ¦
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st. • . .
I FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
j . and where last employed. Box 4807, ¦ Call.
! GIRL' wanted for mercantile office; experience
not necessary. Address, box 1572,- Call office.
WANTED — Flrst-class ' experienced saleslady.
Apply 2544 Mission st ...
EXPERIENCED German girl; assist with
-baby and. second work; $20. 2520 Green st,
near Scott. ' ... ' ' -
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom coats;
| steady w#rk. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
WANTED— Girl to mind baby. 2250 Vallejo
¦_ street. "¦ ; . r- . • ¦ -
I PANTS finisher wanted at 253% Stevenson at.,
between Third and Fourth. . . j
WANTED — ; A flrst-class arm waitress; $8 per
week. BREUSS CAFE, - 70 Third st. , •
GIRL for general housework. 45 Bartlett st '
GOOD operator and finishers on custom ! pants ;
/steady, work. 854' Howard st. '
GERMAN*, girl • for ' , housework and. cooking;
good ¦' wages ; , references. -. 1320 . Leavenworth.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom coats ?
steady, work ; good . wages. 445A Natoma st.
GIRL for general, housework;- small family;
V wages $16.- 2041 Pine St. ....... .- ¦ /
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant. 1191
- Market st. ..-•.-. , "-¦ / .
APPRENTICE on vests. 913' Pacific at. \
GERMAN girl for cook and light housework;
wages $25. 1 1817 California st. ¦"•¦-. - ', - - ; -
WANTED-^-Young girl for second -• work. Call
at 2032. Clay st., bet. 9 and 12. ,
2 PIANISTS to play In exchange fqr lessons.
Hoover University of . Physical Culture. 1327
Market at. "¦':..¦¦./,¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦,'¦. ;..-•. ',.; - ;- •¦¦
WANTED^-Glrl j or ; young woman to ', do | light
' housework 'In "Alameda; 5-room cottage; 2 in
i : family; good home for. right ; person; wages
• $10 per month. - 2045 San 'Antonio, ave.. Ala-
. . meda. . ¦ -¦;¦ . ¦' > . ' ; .,'.,:,?.', ' ¦-,¦'-.'
BUTTON-HOLE ' makers • on v coats and vesta ;
finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
..tailoring;; steady -employment. \ BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. :;
WANTED— Experienced 'operators 'on- women's
.waists;; steady work;- electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st y
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
\M.ry. LEVI . STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ Fremont
;; St., MR: DAVIS. --..-,.¦. .¦:.-. ..¦¦¦:,..;¦;¦,. ;.-.....-
Halrdrc8Slng. massage, manicuring, bleaching.
;:¦ dyeing, switches,- etc. ; 2 wks.\$5. College, 1236
. ¦ Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
GIRLS about 16 years of age' will find plenty
1-5. of good-paying work'. LEVI . STRAUSS &
_ CO.. 32% Fremont st .' MR. DAVIS. ... . * .
FINISHERS ' onl coats 'and pants.' steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.; 841;
. ;,j Market 'st.TaJBMHHgwpta'-.-'; : .''-:%«M
WHEN you become -disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer : Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 35:5-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning He yd. -upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard,2012.
American Carpet-beating Works— Cleanlng.V 3c;
renovated, relald. 104,14th st; tel. Capp So'ii.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Misslon 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H,
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor.' 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission '49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning > Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ;> telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlny Co... 240 14th st: tel. Mission 74. f
SPIRITUALISM. ¦: '; ',',,.'
RETURNED^jrKeller. divine healer; all kinds
of diseases healed by the touch of. your gar- !
ments; chronic diseases, ¦ rheumatism a spe-
cialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 408 . Golden
Gate ave.; hours from 9 to 4, 7 to 9 dally.'.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m. : 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. , 11C4 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car. .;
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 , p.: m. ; Wednesday, • ladles, 2:30 p.
m., 10c; readings dally, 50c. '- .'\ j
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration ojr spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister;. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night ; convincing
tests. 10c; prophetic read., L. 50c. ¦ 132 Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c: 148 Sixth.
Prof. Holtman, gifted healer; startling I curea
dally; no failures; free consultation.' 1228 Mkt.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium ;' tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings daily:
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD, ' "
"¦, THE FAMOUS f
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events, to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, . un-
happy or not satisfied in. life,. or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and -you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up;.satlsfactl3n guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
PROFESSOR BROESKE. 205 Turk st. ~7
Scientific Palmist and - Clairvoyant. ¦ ' Special
rates for a short time only. 50c — $1 — 50c — $1 —
50c— $1— 50c— $1. Thla well-known life reader
convinces all, gives advice-all affairs of Inter-
est; business, love, marriage, . speculation, ¦ In-
vestments, change. Your past, present, future
read. Are you Interested palmistry, clalrvoy'cy,
psychology?. Brpeske's College stands peerless.
LIFE READING 1 week, ladles 50c, gents $1;
PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
tles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated, tells
whom you will marry: how to win manor wo-
man you love; mail $1; send date birth," lock
hair, 6 questions. 1007% Market,' near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket bt, cor. Golden Gate ave.,. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp' for - pamphlet
with special terms. ¦ Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy.- clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
> posite Sixth; private readings daily,. 10 a.m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a.'m. .
MME. ¦ PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
. diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. : 126 Turk.-
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
x ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL STEPHANS, clairvoyant and card
reader, 104 Fell, near . Van Ness; readings
dally 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; lad. 50c; gents $1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently ;- business
advice; names given; 25c .up. 5 Fourth st._
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader." 11 Cth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL.. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. G.' 50c. ' 521% Eddy.
MME. WALTERS; great card reader; 'la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th: open Sun.
MRS. MALLORY. 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. HANSEN. well-known
reads card and palm, 25c. j 14S Sixth, rm. 14.
CARD reading and astrology. .148 6th st, room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
MRS. BROWN,' clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth- st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8/ 2fi2 Minna st. nr. 4th.
DENTISTS.'
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS..927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold nil Ings, $1 50; other fill-
; ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
! plates, a full set of. teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. .-.'.. - * • -
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
' and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; .no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and truaranteed; lady- attendants
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood, bldg.: extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a.m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlor*. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason —
' Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. ' R. C. .ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
! plates. $5, full set: all work painless and war-
¦ - ranted. / Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
I SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
I unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
j crowns, $2: fillings, 25c. Dr.' Brown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, BOc.
I DR. R.L.WALSH. 847 Geary, nr. Larkln — Pain-
1 leas ext. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 4fi O'Farrell. late of C Turk st —
Crown and bridge work; gas Specialist. /
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk pt. 1 ¦-¦>>,'«
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration. -construc-
. tlon, laboratory and shop work: thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month;. $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education;' shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, p^nmanship.--
speljlng, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; 1 positions secured: cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and. mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.'
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for tho, university, law ¦ and medical
colleges; references,' President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.- Phelan building. :\. . .
A — THE official reporters of 8upreme Court ad-
' vise their friends to attend .the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is -'¦ this advice - worth
following? . Life scholarship $50 ;- catalogue. '.
ACTING, elocution, . specialties; Hallet School,
• associated wjth , theatrical ¦- agency securing
positions. Alcazar building;- 120 O'Farrelrst.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
.vey, assay, cyanide; day.- eve. ; est. 1864." Van
. der Nalllen School; 113 Fulton." nr." City, -HatH."
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college . graduates ¦ perfected.
TARR. expert- accountant, ' 219 Parrott bldg.'
LEADING actress desires lady,' gentleman and
child to train for; early . appearance : In > her
company: reasonable: terms. Apply 203 Polk.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods ; ¦ positions • for all graduates;
>' new 60-page catalogue, free.': 305 Larkln • at. '•:.'
JSPANISH'.French. etc. Prof. De Filtppe'sAcademy
I of Languages, 320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.'
VI0LIN, : 'guitar,' mandolin, w banjo -taught ' In
class, $1 mo. r426,O'FarreU; phone. Pine 433.-
ARITHMETIC,' bookkeeping,' grammar,' writing,';
¦ etc.; dayoreve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission.' nr. Cth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or " personally.
M. G. BARRETT, ' 302 Montgomery sf
.VIOLIN,, mandolin.^ guitar. \Prof.:MERKI.i good
. teacher. IOCS : Mission; Instruments ; selected.
HELP '¦: WAJ>ITED-^PEMALE~Con.;_
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not necea-
eary- LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
tt. MR. DAVIS. . ¦ • - - ¦."¦-•'-- - .
GIRLS about 16 years of age wlll^ find Pjen'y
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSs &
CO.. 32 V, Fremont st. MR. DAVIS-
WANTED— Girls to Iron shirts.- Apply --THE
-. L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st. '
WANTED—^A commercial traveler at once.
, Box 1595. Call office. ¦ •¦---.-..¦ -»-•¦-.
FINISHERS ' on cloaks 1 wanted immediately.
M. SIMINOFF. 1228. Market . st.
WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. . EAG-
: LESON & CO.. 535 Market at. . ' __;_
10 LADIES wanted f of concert hall in South -
em California. Call 000 Market st parlor It.
GIRLS 14 to 17^ for factory work. Apoly.at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
GIRLS wanted; factory hands. Apply Gulf
Bag Co.. 700-711 Front st. r- .
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking;
small family; wages $18. 1401 A Scott st.
FINISHERS on coats, $12 per week; also ap-
- prentice. 344 Tehama st. . ¦• - - '
500 GIRLS, all sizes, for May day- Aerial
k Park. Eleventh- and Market sts.-
WANTED — Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 fuir course; »hort-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' : ¦ '_,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment ' and Labor Agents.
C34-636 Clay st. ,?¦;."•.
Office Open 7 a. m.
FOR NEVADA. . -..*.}*. >
1000 R. R. Men— Free. Fare. • _
500 teamsters Nevada.... $2 to $2 50 day
150 laborers Nevada. . . .$2 to $2 50 day
400 rockmen Nevada -$2 50 day
Extra gang: steel gang; mason and carpen-
ters' helpers. v ¦ .
¦ All for Nevada— Free fare.
Free . Fare.
• 7 Ship Morning and Night. „„,„_„_
S MECHANICAL HELP ....... BLACKSMITHS
Blacksmith, sawmill, see boss here; black-
smith, quarry,. $3 day; blacksmith, country
shop, $3 day; blacksmith, no shoeing, $40 to
$50 and found; 3 brick holders for a largs
mining company; 4 brick setters, 5 brlcK
pitchers; night man for engine room, mar-
ried; gang edgerman - for sawmill, see boss
here; wood turner, ¦ city mill, $3;- circular
sawyer, factory, city. . . '' .,
SAWMILLS. AND WOODS
;......' Ship To-Day
10 laborers for new sawmill, no - experience
required, - $80 and found; 15 men to work in
woods, handy wUh an ax. $35 and found; 2
shingle packers, $35 and found; shingle saw-
yer, see boss here; gang edgerman, see bcas
here: circular sawyer, city; 5 men to han-
dle lines In woods. $30 and found; 6-horse
lumber, teamsters, $50 and found. _ -. f- ;
MINES AND QUARRIES
Furnaceman, $75; 3 miners, 8 hours work,
$75; 4 miners, shaft work; 3 laborers for
mine, $30 and found; 4 laborers, mine, $60;
3 miners, surface work. $67 50; 10 quarry-
men; . 16 laborers for quarry; foreman for
quarry. Government job,, call early; foreman
quarry near city; married foreman for mine.
MISCELLANEOUS
6-horse teamster, • drive with checks, moun-
tain roads, $50 and found; married wiper for
enEinn room, hotel; night, hostler. $30 and
"found; .hostler, $45; married • stableman,
country: 3 other stablemen;' -t farmhand:,
Marln County, good Job; 5 men to work -on
hop ranch;: 10 men for a large -fruit ranch
to make themselves useful, no experience re-
'qulred; 58 farmers for different jobs, $26 to j
$35; 23 choremen, $15 to $30; 16 choreboya, j
$10. to $20 and found; 17 boys for other Jobs; I
farmer and , wife, $35 and found: 57 milkers,
butter makers and dairymen. $30 to $40 and
found: .young man to- drive* delivery wagon,
city.- $35; young or old man to take care of
butcher stable and' assist in shop, fare 80c,
$25, and found.' .
LABORERS .\
6 laborers for ¦ quarry, $2; 6 laborers, near
ctty, $34 and found; 5 laborers,- 50c fare. $2
day; 2 laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 8 labor-
ers, -city, $27 50, board and room; 20 labor-
ers for mines. . • " :
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
26 cocks, city and country hotels and . res-
taurants. $30 to $60 and found; 3 camp cooks;
3 cooks for ranches, S25 and $30 and found,
cook for sawmill crew, Nevada, $40 j and
found; 27 waiters, ctty and country hotel.*
and restaurants, $25 to $45 and found; second
cook for. springs. $35 and found; dishwasher,
springs, $25 and found; 33 kitchen hands,
- dishwashers, etc.; old man for butcher shop
and care for team, $25 and found. •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et
Phone Main 5848.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay, st.
TIMEKEEPER R. R. SMITH, please report.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ANDRE'S Office.. 31(J Stockton st. — Second
cook. ?C5; third cook, $40; cook, plain hotel
near city,- $45; cook, chop house, country,
$40; young, man to wait at table and cook
short orders, $7 to $8 a week; waiter, plain
hotel, $20; young man to learn waiting,
country. $25; waiter. $7 a week; lunch coun-
' ter man (delicacies), $40. etc.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st. — Coachman
¦ San Mateo County, good wages;" stableman'
take care of horses and milk cows, private
place, country, $30; man to milk cows, tend
to garden and take care of country place $25*
butler, $50; porter,. $25; wagon and. carriage
blacksmith on a ranch, $40, etc
AT. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .420 Bush st.
::...- Wanted for • Nevada
New Railroad AVork .' Free Fare
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen. powder-
men and stonemasons, $2 $2 25 and $4 a day
.... Ship Morning . and Night ."
Free Fare . Free Fare
R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st.
MECHANICAL, draughtsman; only first-class
men need apply; technical man preferred; no
attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box 4810. Call office.
WANTED — Reliable young man for plain work"
with established firm. $15 to $17 week; perm-
anent place;, must have some cash. • BROWN
& CO.. 1221 Market at., upstairs.
WANTED— Trustworthy man partner with $300
In flrst-clasa cigar stand on Kearny st ; Al
chance for suitable party. See P. S DE
LUCA, 318 Kearny st., room 1.
WANTED — First-class second cooks; good res-
taurant porters; also experienced waiters; no
fee. ' Independent Employment Bureau 52(J
Montgomery st.. room 1. ¦
WANTED — Young man to take charge of re-
celvlng department Apply at I. MAGNIN
& CO.'S, 43 E1113 st, bet 4 and 6 Tuesday.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age; must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TWO first-class coatmakcrs. ROSENBLUM A
ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st. Odd Fellows'
building. ' .- ,
A—STEADY" man with $2S0 cash can make $100
month, year around. 209 Kearny "It, rm. 1.
WANTED— Two good errand boys. E. MESSA-
GER. 145 Post st.
COATMAKERS .wanted. CHARLES ADAMS
244 Stockton st.
BASALT block makers. 137 Montgomery st
room 36, bet. 12. and 2 o'clock.
BARBER wa'nted for this week, j «5O2 Clay st.
OFFICE boy In wholesale hardware house; ref-
erences. • 4930. Call.
YOUNG man to work In kitchen. 610 Stan-
. ,yan st " ¦ .
WANTED— Errand - boy at 033 Market st,
fifth floor.
WANTED — Man to work around kitchen of
small restaurant. 310 Third st.
HARNESS and saddle makers wanted! W
DAVIS & SOK li: Front st
BOY for-office work; age 18 to 19. Box 4927
. Call office. '- '.- ... -/. .
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted ¦ on coats. S
¦ N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
A — 2-CHAIR barber shop, with 4 neatly fur-
nished rooms;. rent $15. 2308 Howard at.
GOOD coatmaker for country; steady work at
good wages. P. GREENBERG & CO.,
Flood buildln". . . ¦ -
WANTED — Retail salesman, familiar with
- grocery business." Box 1573.. Call.
FOR Sale— Barber shop; 3 chairs; good bus.;
, mod. fixtures; low rent. . D.. Stoltz, 723. Mkt.
CARRIAGE painters wanted.' O'BRIEN*ii
• Golden Gate. ave. and Polk st '
FIRST-CLASS '" operator on' pants ;' steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st . ' .' '
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady- employment
541 -Market st. -. ¦ ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS tailors: good pay; steady em-
ployment. - 541 Market st. . . .
FOUR coatmakera . wanted Immediately. 12S2
.Folsom.st . v .:.'
GOOD barber's apprentice wanted; good chance
for Improvement; '- S03 ¦ Kearny st.~ ¦•':¦'
WANTEDr-A good .union barber. 479 Ninth
street. , - . viS^StBSUKmUUBImMKSi
GOOD barber wanted evenings.". Saturday -and
Sunday. Lurllne Baths, cor. Bush and Larkln.
TAILOR wanted at 1241 Kentucky st
BUSHELMAN .wanted: -call at once. HENRY
HILP.. 102-104 -Battery, st. ,
-" ' ' ¦ ' — ¦ - . ' - ;. . ' ~"
BARBER ¦ wanted steady: at - 28«0 California at.
IOHOUSE carpenters for country, $3 50 day,
see boss here, call early; 4 carpenters lor
city. $0 50 day; 2 bench hands, $a 50 day;
young man with some experience at black-
smith trade. $1 day and increase: custom
shoemaker; blacksmith. $2 50 day; 6 boys for
paper box factory. $5 to $« week; boy for
paint shop, $t week and Increase; 2 Italian,
quarrymen, $30 and found; wood choppers.
80c. $1 50 and $4 cord; laborers for mill yard.
$2« to $;J0; and many others. J. F. tROb-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦
MAN and wife, private family. $50; butler and
wife. $60 to $C5; milker and wife. $40; cheese
nriker and wife. $40; ranch teamster, f^; -
men to. thin fruit. $20; 2 fruit farmers, $2o;
milkers. $30; choremen. $20; foreman tir
ranch. $50; teamsters, $1 25 day and $4.> and
board; carpenter and circular sawyer. *- -*>
day and board: « miners, $2 day and board
and $2 5O to $2 75 day; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
STEWARD country hospital, $30 and found;
fourth hand baker. $S week and board; cook
and wife, $50; 2 waiters and wives, $50 and
$C0; restaurant cook, $70; lunch counter man,
$40; 2 restaurant waiters, $30: dishwashers,
vegetable nlen, potwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st /
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
- 69 Third St.. phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE FARE... -. FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... ?2 to $2 25 per day
Gang of laborers, Nevada. .. ..$2 to 52 23 day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 per day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber wood3.
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers.. $2 per day
2 experienced edgermen $3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners.... $3 per day
3 bridge carpenters $3 per day
Stablemen and buggy washers city
....$45 to $65 per month
Wood* turner country $3 to $3 50 per day
Hydraulic mine foreman, one who Is capa-
ble of putting up the and open-
Ing up the mine, for Alaska, $300 per month.
fare paid. ¦
DISHWASHER: good wages. 1337 Valencia
at. near Twenty-fifth. ¦¦
ERRAND boy wanted. Box 1561. Call office.
BARBER shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250. 1035 Guerrero st
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writ*
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer 121 New Montgomery st. Saa
Francisco, 'or Masonic building. Sacramento.
BARBERS— A good-paying 2-chalr barber shop
and bath for sale. HENRY FALK, Angela
Camp. Cal. .
GOOD shoemaker wanted. 492 Pacific st.
•WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition: successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun.. 569 Sth St.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U»
B navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooj
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recrultln*
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber tnuje; barbers la de»
ir.and; only requires 3 weeks: tools donateaa
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
I.EGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. • Reno- House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' ' ' - ¦ '•
WANTED — Two asphalt pavers, floor work, at
once. Altorado Brewing C«.. Stockton. CaL
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
B ASTERS on coats; steady employment. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
BARBERS— Best 3-chalr «hop In the city for
sals; good trade. Box 4S47. Call office.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for hin tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt: past com. Wattrous Post.G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltin?: 253
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d su.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullts, room 40. Ph-lan
tig. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage. to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<J
Valencia st
HORSES AJfD WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine . ¦work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
mtftched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 24A
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. .
FOR sale, I Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived. I
several flne road and business horses, new
.buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
' ston begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SON of Grey Eagle out of McCarty'» old Wnlti
Hat cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
GOOD top surrey, buggy and bika carl,
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
FOR sale — Horses for parties going camptast
gentle. ABC Delivery. 408 Teham* st
CAMPING wagon for sale cheap. 2912 TTITp> 1
gass ave.. Berkeley. '
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. tur-
rey. harness, work.drlvlng horsea. ISthA Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for aale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr»
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento.. Apply
10 Ewer place.
NEW house. « rooms and bats', every modern
Improvement; sunny yard and large base-
ment 521 Liberty st.. near Castro.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A — FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city. $30 to $350; call to see us;
w» can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence ; furnished ; 7
_rooms.' bath; low rent to permanent tenant
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. T rooms; sun all day: flne rasl-
<!enc» district; PortoJa at. o(T Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. C1 Portota.
, INVESTMENTS.
THE . Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st..
S. F. Call or write for particulars-. .
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday, at Powell-st. wharf, a bunch
of 7 or 8 keys tied with string to key ring
with other keys. 107 Gilbert st; liberal re-
ward.
RED ¦ covered cash book on Powell st near
O'Farrell, Saturday night 472 Geary st. ;
reward.
COACH 'DOG LOST — Reward to finder on re-
turning Fame to Coroner's office.
.LOST— Bundle of one nest, unmade K!ndly
return to J. EDLIN. 767 Market st.
LOST — Gold watch, huntinc case, white face,
marked GEO. H. SMITH. KnoxvlUe. Tenn. :
works marked GEO. H. SMITH; monogram
5?" JS* ." on case - Reward on raturn to
¦ CAPT - ¦«?•.' H * LUDLOW . Fort Baker. Sau-
salito. Cal.
LOST— Gold-headed cane at ferry with Initials
J. K. Return to- JOS. KOHLBECHER. 1*3
fourth st. and receive reward.
LOST— 2 passbooks with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lear. Society of San Franc<«o. In the
S^V 1 RA CHEL SAALFIELD and HOP-
RRT H.SAALFIELD <a minor): Nos. 25S-
618 and 210-1525. The finder win please re-
, turn to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savliucs
ana Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name- of MATEO HERRERA.-No. 239-319.
The finder will please return to bank.
IT , wl U. p * y to "Remember" that the ' Cal If or-
«U* watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
¦ gold and nllv«r to mak» new watch cawc
MATRIMONIAL^
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: rellabh» xncj
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 7<W EHis.'Charles B. and Juanita M. Foot to Jane
Watbon Thomas, all lots 8 and 9. map La Lama
Park,! Berkeley; except beginning, at a point
on S line paid lot 8, . 58.36 E from center line of
Greenwood Terrace. W 68.36 on curve to left
of 174.2 feet radius along center said Green
wood Terrace, 109.45 to N line of said lot 8, K
5 thence in a straight line 100 to beginning,
Berkeley; $10. . . ' ' " '
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to ¦ Peter
Madsen, lot on N' line of Woolsey street. 132.60
E of Adeline, E 45.82 by N 100. lot 12. block
Q, amended map Newbury Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Joseph Wohlfrom to Joseph Rasplller. lot en
SB corner of San Pablo avenua and Bay street.
S 116.20, E 125, N 1C5, W 125.50. . lots 1 and
2, block C, map'Rooney Tract," Berkeley; $10.
O. M. Waterhouse (single) to A. Emilea 01
sen,Mot on W corner of East- Tenth street and
Park Way. NW 60 by SW 30. lot 11. block 11,
map Badger's subdivision block 11, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
Nicholas Ohlandt (executor estate of Johanna
Magdalene Koch) to H. B. Belden, lot on E
line of Poplar street, 188:2 N-of Eighth, N. 40
by B 115; $2700. . •
Rebecca and-M. L. Wurts to L. T. Cook, lot
on B line, of . Thirtieth street, 2S7.08 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 25 by S 62. block 2029.
map Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
George T. and Adella S. Hawley and J. B.
Merrlam (single) to - same, lot on E lino of
Union street, 185:6 S of Twenty-eighth. S 25
by E 133:3, block 649, same map. Oakland: $10.
F. A. and MAe G. Lbsh (wife) to "William J.
Dlngee and William O. Henshaw, lota 13 to
16. block 649, map redlvlsion of portion' block
649. -Oakland; $10. .
San Francisco Savings -Union to' LIda J.
Hahn (wife of J. D.). lota 10 to 18, block C;
map. Bella Vista' Park. East Oakland, grant;
$10.
Louis D. Reeb (single) to A. F. Cornwall,
same, subject to mortgage for $1280, East Oak
land: $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehart (wife) to Louis D.
Reeb. lot on W corner of East Ninth street
and Seventh avenue. NW 100 by SW 110. block
2, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs
Kate Orifflns. lot In said cemetery (recorded
April 12, 1902), Oakland Township; $10.
Emma Henrietta Bolles (Ehmann) and
Charles W. Bolles to Nellie O. Scott (wife of
Floyd R.). all interest in lot on N" line of
Twentieth street, 350 W of Twenty-fourth
avenue,. W 60 by N 150, block H. map sub
division CO Associates' Tract, East Oakland;
$10. ¦ • -
Augusta Kramrn (widow of Charles) to C.
E. Paul, 100 square feet, being lot 273 In plat
1. map Mountain View Cemetery Association,
Oakland Township; $10.
Alameda County.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, April 14. — Senator
Kearna to-day introduced a bill annexing
to Utah all that portion of Arizona. Terri
tory lying north and west of the Colorado
River.
Annexes Part of Arizona,
-BERLIN, Aorll 14.— Two Mormon mis
sionaries (Americans), Lorenzo "Walker
and Joseph Zw&hles, have been expelled
by the police from Insterburg, East Prus
sia, , as ¦ objectionable, characters. * The
Mormons have* now upward of a hundred
missionaries In Germany; For . several
months they have been actively engaged
In a propaganda. The police Of . Berlin
and other- large cities grant them, permits
to meet freely. The Berlin Mormon con
gregation numbers a thousand persons.
Mormon Missionaries Expelled.
TACOMA, April 14.— Hongkong advices
report that -the bark E vie J. Ray, flying
the 'American colors, became unmanage
able near the Philippine Islands late in
February while en route from Rajansr,
Borneo, to Hongkong:,, her crew being
taken down with berl-berl, leaving no one
to handle the ship. She was in. this con
dition when the British tank steamer
Mexican Prince, from Singapore, came
In sight. The Ray flew signals of dis
tress and requested to be towed to Port
Subig, Luzon. . The steamer Mexican
Prince, passed a hawser to her and towed
her to Port Subig in twelve hours. Four
members of the Ray crew had died, and
another one died during the tow. Sev
eral other men were at death's door when
the towing steamer left her. Food sup
plies were, furnished the Ray, and her
captain thought that with medical as
sistance from Manila the ' lives of tha
other members of the crew would be
saved.
Disease and Others Are Seri
.,, ously 111.
Five of the Crew Die of the Dread
EEBI-BERI BREAKS OUT
-^ ON AN AMERICAN BARK
THE -SAN- FRANCISCO CAIAj, APRII, ; 15, 1902.
13
Shanahan Florisf Co.
./KRTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .' v
107 POWELL ST.»(a»ELUS SEE 5056
MATTRESSES_JkAD^JPILL_O\VS.
rpTtJ5erT^lso cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
»itn-: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
. E t«d. HOPKE BROS.. 4J1 to 415 PoweU
L *t : tel. Bush 421. ¦
' cra^E iron beds; mattresses-, pillows: window
Vriaoes. JF.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
*_DK O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist —Indies, all who are sick or In trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
rr.er.snrunl female complaints positively cor-
rected: l ' J e unfortunate helped; relief In all
ca « fs taken: the most difficult cases treated:
lave relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; fre*, confidential advice on all subject*
ot a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 MkC, op. 5th.
m K 5 r>. WYETH — Well-known reliable ladies'
ppei-ialist: instant relief guaranteed; home in
ccr.finemerrt: hour? « to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to lOOS^ Market St., opposite Sth st.
JIBS. D. KOHL— Well-known ladies' special-
ist, removed to IOOSVj Market su, opp. Sth
Bt.; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S p. m.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerero st., near ISth
r,rac"uate of Royal Vniverslty. Berlin; has 25
\ pars' experience In midwirerv cases: takes
iadief before and during confinement; best
taotbedy care; infants adopted; confinements
fl.*>; room and beard $5 week; consult me'be-
fcre poins elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
KK& PR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternitj- hospital; home for infants free;
f«* low. 906 Market St., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladles'
fjeeialirt; a private home before and during
ror.finement; best medical care; low fees.
HINPOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment ; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
¦jfrTt. ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere epe-
/^ cialist. 1007S Market: avoid delay; $10.
MKP. PA VIES, ladies' specialist, at old office,
1228 Market et.; no branch office.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Ur.ion square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for JL
pottage paid.
S1ISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-h*nd machlneryTMcIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st-
BAR fixtures ; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
XEW Harwood cash register; cost $155; will
sell for $125. 1427 Market st., bet. Eleventh
and Twelfth.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, dynamos, compres-
sors, water pipe and belting-, second-hand.
bought and sold. H. S. White. 130- 1S2 Beale.
BRANCH bakery for sale; only small amount
of cash required; nice living rooms. Box
1614. Call office.
A— $3 SO Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatfers. 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FRESH cow for sale. 230 Lee ave., near In-
rJfcs-lde Coursing Park.
EriTZ dog for sale. Box 4704. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS equipment of restaurant for
6a'.e cheap. Box 4793. Call office.
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK S.
KNOWLES, Mission road, near Union Park.
TOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford, Cal
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business.
50.0OC GALLON redwood tank; 6300 ft. 2, 3, 4
and 6-inch pipe. THOMPSON. 40 Main St.
FOR sale — So<ia water fountain, price $200;
original cost $S50. Drug store. Pine &¦ Krny.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In Etock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
EAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second -hand machinery.engines and boilers
po to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
MAGIC lant^rcs.. new and 24-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 T>oet St.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. . '
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 15 pages eent to any address In the
United StatfS or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank took and particulars. The French
Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st.. Phila.. Pa.
BIG pricts paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. tS Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
TILTOX wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Et. ; tel. Jessie 285L
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send pcstal; will call. Box 4337, Call office.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
, condition. Fa.rnsworthElectrlcalWks..418Turk.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
A^IERMA^MtfRlpH^rrioT^^
$4,500,000 at LoweEt Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates......'..
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate .
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONET
See HERMAN MURPHT. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5H and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and eecurt-
tles; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get nay terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In -pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et. ; phone Red 1603. '
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rales. ¦ Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market et.: tel. Main 1644/ Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
low<?gt rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room 36.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT,
26 Montgomery St., room 7, opp. Lick Hous«f.
A PP.IVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
: tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
£- F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TQUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Or, furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
Uable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
' ur nlture. etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged ; confidential ; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
O. A. LANE. Mill* building, will loan sums to
gust: Interest low; also easy payment loans.
Private party; confidential ; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Garthels, 208 Post.
O "«", E w er cent on furn »"re: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
M 2TT y T loane<5 ealarle< ' people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Eic. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
inflorger. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up- no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. P.oom SI. 6 Eddy.
ggJg?Py»> l^nos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister Bt.
IF L J ' OU w Wal3t a home x wl!1 Ioan y°« money to
. buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome eL
LOANS money on ealary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309- Phelan bldg.
MOXEY WASTED. !
RELIABLE firm -wants to borrow $3000 to en-
im«« U imV llneM: * ¦*'«• I'eitlmaie propo-
1SOOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant/
- sunny;' 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door;: handsomest
grill room in California attached. S - ¦
A— BRUNSWICK House, -148 Sixth — Rooms,-
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
j i light ¦ housekeeping- rooms;- open- all night. tjg%
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed - hands ;
. renovated ; furn. suits. . . Mrs. "V. W.- "Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites orslngles; day,,
week or month; bath, phone. - : 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 - Market (old ; No. . 1304)— Fur-
. nlshed rm8., suites, single; also unfurnished; -
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms.; prioes reasonable.';' -
DIAMOND, 819, cor. Jersey — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow, furnished rooms; rent $12. . - ; ; \. -
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely, furn. rooms,- 35e,
• $1 60 night; ¦ $1 50, $6 week; open ; all-, nights
FULTON, 881 — Elegant front suite rooms With
¦ bath;. modem improvements. .•-¦:
GEARY, 428 (The Gage)— An; elegant suit of :
1 sunny 'rooms; also single; ¦ the above house
has changed hands "and been' renovated. '¦>;¦-
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single;. travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN want# a gentleman to share
• with him. a large suite of rooms In a first-
class family hotel. Address L: 1 H. C, -26
Montgomery st," room 14. ' • •
HARRISON. 784%; near Fourth— Finely ¦ fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike;. $1 week up.' :. ¦ '¦ - - - ; ¦ :
MINNA, 667, corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-'
window room, $1 per week; transient. •,. -.,
OAK, 125— Nicely • furnished room; gas,. bath;
..-IT.- •;¦ ;•'-, ;>:• ¦ "¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦/¦¦. ¦:¦ ¦¦¦-.¦¦r-.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. flights; day, week,' rho.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent' light, :
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week,$2
; to $8 month, ?8 to $30, elevator. on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.,
SHERMAN Acartment House. 28 Eighth, st.;-
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 717 — Nicely furnished .room' with
bath; $8 per month. ¦¦.''-.. - \
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1090
Valencia st. ¦. ¦¦•',¦-.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly, Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing;' $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD. ':}¦ , ;
FILLMORE, 1720, near. Sutter— Large sunny
room, newly furnished, for. 1- or 2 gentlemen;
with or without board; also back parlor; gaa,
bath and running water; . private family. .
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
.electric lights; hot and cold water; .modern;
¦ flrst-clasg board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson' Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Lambourne, 420 Eddy — High-class hotel;, furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional]
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined . couple; large
. sunny parlor, with board. In private home.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. '
TWO refined young men want room and board
In private family. Box 1569, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections > made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel! 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged •'re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL 'kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing-
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145. Sixth.
STABLES TO LET. ." '
STALLS to let. • Applyat' 847 Mission st., coal
yard. - ; . ¦ ', . .:. -. . -
AN^ JWAREHOJJSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel.' Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mla-
tlon at.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. .Main 1840; shipping at. cut rates. ,-;; .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture- Moving .'Com-.
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN- TYPEWRlTEFtS— We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city;' rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEW RITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c! mlm-
cpgraphing. 927 Market, rm. 301; Jesaie 1554.
.^DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor,- Mills building, • San
Francisco. April 8, 1902— Dividend No. 109 of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
. o.t the office of said company, room 16, second
floor. Mills building, on April 15; transfer
books will close on April 8 at a, p. m. ED-
WARD McGARY. Secretary; : :' •
_j proposals. ;•-.'"; •
PROPOSALS FOR BARRACK CHAIRS— De-
\pot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgom-
ery Bt.,- San Francisco,- Cal., April 15, 1902.
Sealed proposals. In -triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office- until 10' o'clock- a m
Friday, April 25. 1902, Pacific Standard time
and then opened, for • furnishing three thou-
sand | Barrack Chairs.' conforming to ¦ speci-
¦ flcations No. 361. except that they be fur-
nished knocked /down and. delivery to ba
made either at the New York or San Fran-
cisco Depot." To avoid misunderstanding as
• to the exact nature. of the articles- to-be fur-
nished, bidders will .carefully examine the
specifications, so that proposals' may be sub-
mitted by them with a full knowledge . of
¦ v.-hat will be required, as an absolute com-
; pliance with the specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the Inspection of the goods.'
Bids differing from specifications will under
no circumstances be entertained. Bids for
delivery or Inspection at other : points than
those named above •• will . not , be considered.
• .Early deliveries are essential: Bidders. must
state in their; proposals the rate and time of
. delivery,, should contracti.be awarded to
them. Preference will be 'given to articles
of . domestic production,- and manufacture,
conditions of priced and quality being' equal
(Including in the price of foreign •' produc-
tion and ¦ manufacture the duty there-
on), and . 'such ; preference will . ' be
given to' articles ' of : American : produc-
tion.' and ' manufacture . produced ¦ on ! the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept
or reject : any or all proposals or any. part
thereof.- Information and blanks for propo-:
- sals' will- be furnished' on application:- En-
velopes containing proposals will be Indorsed
"Proposals No. 3083," i and addressed to
- MAJOR C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, . U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. 0 ¦".¦ J
" MABRIAGE V LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: •'. • ' ...-,¦ ', ; .. .
John C. Cook, 24, 620 Stevenson street, and
May Murphy, -23, 641 Valencia street. - ¦:
Anthony J. Cariten, 23, • 323 .Lyon street,
and Mae L... Carter,- 21, 1042 Golden Gate ave.
Eugene F. Maguire, 28, 223 Eleventh street,
and Delia Gartlandr 25, • city. • \ ¦ k. ¦ ¦
Elmer J. Couey, '25, Fresno, and Blanche 'P. 1
Bodwell, 24,-city. y - • ¦•
Ferdinand FiBcher, 57, 1240 Mission / street,
and Katherine ftaffney,' . 40, 28 Seventh street.
• Manoel B. Santos, 25, 65 Jackson street, and
Maria E. Aguiaria, 21; 65 Jackson street. •¦
Carl W. CarMng, 42, 825 Kearny street, and
Ida Smith. 35. , 526 Jackson street. • '
Will Dry, 30,' Presidio, and Mary E. Porter,
19,. 2332 Green street. . •
¦ Richard Curtis, 39,- 307 Hayes street' and
Abble L. Rose, 31. 1505 Polk street.
• Pletro Raffo, 25, - 1307 Castro street, and
Mary Lachini, 17, 236 Hampshire street. • . •
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES—BEATHS"
Birth,' marriage ! and i death notices ¦ sent by
mall will not be. inserted. They must.be handed
in at either of the ' publication offices ' and be
Indorsed with the . name and residence of . per- -
sons authorized - to have the same, published. ¦
BOM. :;
BETTS — In .this: city,: April !14, 1902, to the
-wife of A. E. . Betts. a son. ¦. .,-..', ...
KNOLL— In this city, March 21, .1902! to the
-.-wife cfj William '.Knoll, a son. - i -v*-»'
TRAUTNER— In' this ;clty,/ April 7, 1902 to
the wife of G. A. Trautner. a daughter. > •
':¦:.'-.;•¦¦• " V ..; ; ; : 'MABB,IED..,.;' ! .- : '- ; :- -;;.
LAKE— MILLER— In this ': city, April 14,' 1002 "
by the Rev. Dr., John A.- B... Wilson, Albert
I Lake of San Francisco and • Florence ¦ Miller I
;• of'Sajn Jose.- .-'. 'i. ':,:-'¦•;•'...•.— -" ¦ , v: ;•.¦-¦•: ¦•¦,.•.'.•"
READER— COOK— In this city, ; April 14. 1002
. by^the Rev. - Dr.'. John v A. B.-Wldson • Bert
. . Reader ¦ of - Oakland ¦ and Dalaie Elma- Cook
.'of Santa Rosa. " .-
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '•
1 ¦ -.:¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN, - Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
\, * 20 Fifth Bt.. opposite 'Lincoln SchooL -
; - i"' Telephone South 80. - ':
Mt; Olivet Cemetery;
:' ' .'.r NEAREST THE CITY. "
Offi ce, 916 M arket Street.
.:' ";'.."¦'* Telephone; Bush. 367. ;. . .
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
.¦'¦ ¦ Samuel : McFadden,'- 18 years : manager • for
*; the United. Undertakers' Association; M. J. '
¦ McBrearty."' with the ¦ same company -¦ for 18
years; :-P.;F.' Green, .late with J.C.-- O' Con- :
¦ nor tt ' Co. , ' have . opened new - Funeral Par-'
¦ lors' at 1171 - Mission st., - between Seventh
; and Eighth, t* Telephone South ; 44. : " ¦ • / ¦¦ . ¦¦
-yREIVIOVED!
J'. sjMcGINNr'BROS;.-
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS i and EMBALM-
ERS, to 224 and 226 McAllister st. ' (For- '
- - merly of 31 Eddv : st. ' Tel. > South 252.) |
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN K^OMILL VALLET
WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 8:15. 4:15, 6:16. »6: 15, 6:45 p. m. "TV
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 P. m. :'
BUNDAYS—^OO. 9:00. *10:00. »ll:30 a. m..
n-18 3:16, *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. *
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10-14
a. mT/*12:25. 2:15, *3i3S. 4:40, 5:30 p. d»/
i Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:65. 8:65. 10:30
a. m-. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. . -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. * r *
-^SUNDAYS— «:05, 10:05 a. m. m 12:05. 2-11
a -30. 5:00, 6:45 p. m. - -'~>
i . -: THROUGH TRAINS. . ,
6:65 \mL m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. • ¦•- r . -. .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.'. *
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. •¦¦¦¦.' .-¦"•"¦•'" ' ¦"" -
Fairfax^ : Sundays — S :00, 3:00. 10:00, 11:30
su m. " -*¦ ;-..'¦- -•" •¦::. . ¦¦• ¦:-...'. <--..•
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. ¦ ¦ . - . ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ ¦ < ;.. / ;;;'.- "•'¦¦¦ ¦¦¦>-. i^VIED: ••;;¦' ¦•
' Bonnardel, H.'- ; ,•'; •'. Jones, 'Mary G.
' Carrion. . Martina ¦ \ . : Jovovich, Vladimir ¦
V Clack, Sara . ¦• '' Lynch, " Patrick
;. Crone, Eileen- ' • Moynahan, Annie D.
• Dbolittle, Dorothy- D. Nichols, ¦ Olive •
' Dunleavy, Jeremiah • :Norton. William H.
.' Eachus, W. . A. ;¦ . Painter. Oscar ..
;- ; Eastman," Lottie ¦ ¦ Peterson. » Henry ¦' '¦
J ¦ Edwards, William T.. Ryan, Michael
¦ Falk. Ernestine - < Schulz, JulKis
"/Fletcher, ¦ Silas 'A:, . •' Swift.- Samuel
; ' ; Halvarsen. Oscar " 'Thompson, Wm. B.
' ;'. Harry. Hannah . --'• , . ..Vetter, Louise C. • '¦'-
iiHendy,, Sarah- ': . Whiteside, Elizabeth
Holden. Margaret "' Wolf. David
¦; ; Jones, Mary A: •¦¦ . -; - •¦ -.- -. ;
BONNARDEL— In Sebastopol, Sonoma County.'
;¦' Cal.,. 'April 11, 1002, H. Bonnardel, aged 03
years. '¦¦.¦' ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ '
CLACK— In this city, April, 14, 1902,. Sara, bs-
loved wife . of ' Sidney Clack; 'and mother of
•¦: Mrs. Shelly. Pickles and Emily, George, Ro-
.setta,: Theodore and Cecelia Clack, a' native
I of Newtown. Ireland, ared 51 years and • 23
.'. days.".:- •-• ¦ -- :-;. '. ¦-¦ ¦ . ; •• •¦¦ •• ¦¦;.'-¦' ¦ '* ' ¦'
, ICNotice ; of 'funeral hereafter. •
CARRION— In this. city, April 13. 1902/ Mar-
l tina Carrion, beloved wife of the late Rosa-
- lio Carrion, mother of the late Mrs. D. Rld-
rlguez, Mrs. F. Zuniga. Mrs. A. Orrigo and
¦ Robert Carrion, a native of Valparaiso,
Chlle.'aged 70 years. ¦ -. • • .; ,
IC?"Friends' and acquaintances are reapect-
- fully. Invited to attend , the funeral to-day
(Tuesday),;. at 9 o'clock, ' frpm her lateresl-
. , dence, 927> Broadway, thence to the Spanish
" Church, Nucstra Se nora de Guadalupe, where
: a - : mass will be I celebrated ¦ for the repose of
her. soul. . ¦-. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
CRONE— In this city, April 14.- 1902, - Eileen,
¦ bejoved daughter of James and JMorah Crone.
1 and sister of Willie, James, Mary and Ethel
, Crone,^ a ' native of- San Francisco, aged 3
months and 12 days.
DOOLITTLE— In this ; city. April 14, 1902,
Dorothy Dean, beloved and only daughter of
James H. and Susan. M.Doolittle, a native
of Woodland, Cal., aged 8 years 7 months
,.' and -29 .days. ¦ ¦ -.-,- :¦-. . -. ¦;,
- - K7"NotIce- of funeral hereafter. .-¦•
DUNLEAVY— In this city, April 1-t, 1903,
• Jeremiah, dearly, beloved son of Daniel and
Nellie . Dunleavy, - and - brother of . James,
% : John and Jujla • Dunleavy, a native of San
Francisco, aged.l year and 3 months.
Crinterment private in Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, .-. , /: ¦ ¦ ¦ , . r - ' ; .
EACHUS— In this city, April 14. 1902, W. A.
Eachus/ a native of Iowa, aged 71 years..:;
EASTMAN— In Santa Barbara, Cal.. April 12,
1902, Lottie Eastman, beloved sister of Mrs.
Wood worth,. Mrs. Nlckerson, Clara and HeV
. ty Eastman and -the late Mrs.- Margaret Brit-
tain; Mrs. Kate Brown and' Ruby Eastman
a native of : Santa Cruz, aged 22 years 8
months and 19, days. . ¦"- " r
, .icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) April ( 15, at 9:30- o'clock, frorr.
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mls-
• • sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
¦ at 10 o'clock. | Interment Holy- Cross Ceme-
tery by. electric funeral, car from Eighteenth
/. and -Guerrero streets. .
EDWARDS— In this City, April 13, 1902, Wil-
liam -.Thomas, I beloved husband ; of Augusta
M. Edwards, father of William Henry and
Ellen; Augusta Edwards, and- brother-in-law
of Mrs. A." Nelson. Mrs. Frank Sherwood.
• Mrs. -Hilda Them and Charles Them, a na-
tive of England, aged 57 years 9 months and
5 13 days. A member of Keystone Lodge No.
2107, Knights of -Honor, and Ivanhoe Lodge
« No. 5, Knluhts of Pythias. •
' C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral services
.Wednesday, April 16, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
• the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking .Company.. 2475 Mission \ street.
5 near Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn
.Cemetery.'' Remains at his late residence.
: 1147 Shotwell - street, until Wednesday, at
lO.o'clock.- • - .
FALK-^In this, city, April 14. 1902. Ernestine
, Falk.beloveil wife of Kenry Falk, mother of
Sain Falk, and sister of Flora Rosenberg,
Mary Blund and Nathan Harris 'of Dallas.
Or., a native of Kolmar, Germany, aged 3S
years and 7 months. ' ' ...
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), , at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of 'James McGinn. & Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to 11:30 o'clock train. Third
•ana Townsend streets. Interment Salem
.'.Cemetery.- -.. •; -: ¦: .-.--. .-¦ . f ¦ ' :
FLETCHER— In Oakland, April 14, 1902, Silas
A. Fletcher, father of Miss Lillian Fletcher.
Mrs. Rose Bowen and William Fletcher, a
native of Logansport,' Ind.. aged 67 years 7
. months' and 10 days. A member of Oakland
Tent No. 17, K. O. T. M.
HALVARSEN — In this city, April 14, 1902, at
the .Barents'- residence, 119 Gilbert street,
Oscar, beloved, son of John. and Lena Hal-
.varsen. a native. of San Francisco, aered 1
¦ year and 10 days. '
HARRY— In . this city, April 14, 1902, Han-
nah, beloved wife of Amos Harry,' and sister
of Mrs. W. Bartlett, a native of County
Kerry, aged 80 years. .
HENDY— In -Alameda, vAorll 13. 1902. Sarah.
widow of the late Captain William E.
Hendy, and mother of Mrs.' Thomas R. Mc-
. Gurn, a native. of Boston. Mass.. aged 93
' years and 5 months.
ICTFuneral services at ' the family resi-
dence, -2000 Central avenue (Chestnut-street
station), Tuesday, April 15, at 1 o'clock. In-
terment private. Kindly omit flowers.
HOLDEN— in. this city, April 12. 1902, Mar-
Y earet, beloved wife -of the " late Martin
Holden, and beloved ' mother of Maggie E.
Holden., Mrs. E. M. Egan and the late
Charles S.; and John M. Holden. a native
of Ireland, aged 75 years. • - . ¦.
{Cf Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully .Invited to Attend .the ; funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
- residence, 824- Green . street, thence • to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem high masa
win be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
cohlmenclnff at 9 o'clock. .
JONES— In East Oakland. April 14, 1902, Mary
Ann Jones, beloved mother of Mary Annette
Goodrich and M. A. Jones, a native of St.
John, New Brunswick, aged 82 years ! 11
months and • 1 day. ' — . . ; ,
(cyFrienas and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral ' services
Wednesday, April 16, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Addison
Goodrich, . 1178 East Sixteenth street. In*
terment private. • - •<¦¦•¦; ¦ -
JONES-rln this city, April 14,-1902, Mary G..
• dearly beloved wife of Robert C. Jones,
mother of Edna G. Jones, and sister of
Frank and Harry Donovan and Mrs. , Sadie
Casey, a native of Boston,' Mass., j aged 31
years 7 months , and 15 days. • •
IC7 Services . . will .be -held -to-morro-w
(Wednesday) morning:, at her late residence.
453 Devlsadero street, between Oak and Fell.
1 Interment private,' Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
by electric funeral car. from Eighteenth and
~ . Guerrero : streets. - ' ; : , - - .
JOVOVICH—^In this city, April 14, 1902, Vladi-
mir Jovovich.' son or Mrs. Anna Jovovich,
; brother of the late 'Peter and John Jovovich,
nephew of <¦ the late Elia Chlelovlch. and
cousin of Daniel Chlelovlch and his sister,
: Mrs.. M. J. Fottrell. and Adam Vrcevich,
Bozo Radovich, L. • Radovich,- Peter Popo-
- vlch and John S. Radovich. a native of
Klsano, Bocche dl Cattaro, Austria, aged 42
years.- • ¦;"¦ ¦ " " ¦¦?- " - ' ' ¦ ¦/, :
- (CyThe funeral -will take place Wednesday,
• at I, o'clock, from the Russian Church. In-
terment Servian Cemetery, San; Mateo
County. Remains at the funeral parlors of
McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister street. . I
LYNCH — In this city, April 14. 1902,' Patrick,
. beloved husband of the late Margaret Lynch,
and father of, Anastasia Lynch, Mrtv R. O.
Thurman and the late Richard T. Lynch, a
native of Ireland. ag,ed 61 years.
• (tyFriends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to -attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), Bt 1:30 o'clock,' from the resl-
. " dence of - his sister, . Mrs. C. Mahoney, 85
Grand avenue,' off Howard street, near
. ; Tenth, : thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services.. -Interment Holy Cross) Cemetery. .
MOYNAHAN— In this city, April 13. 1902,
. Annie D., beloved wife of John J. Moynahan,
and sister . of John S. Donagheser, Mrs.
T. . Lynch and Mrs. F. Brand, a native of
San- Francisco, aged >26 years. • ¦<-• • . -
.- ; — E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully, invited .to attend the funeral . to-day
' (Tuesday), at 1 , o'clock, from i the parlors of
. ' Halsted \ & .-¦ Co.. 946 ¦ Mission | street. Inter-
me'nt , Cypress Lawn Cemetery. f ¦- . " :
NICHOLS — In this city, at the- home of her
; parents, 217 Mississippi street, April 14, 1902,
Olive • Nichols, beloved daughter of William
' T. and Mary V. Nichols, sister of Carl Nich-
ols,-? Bnd granddauirhter of Mrs. Mary Rob-
erta, a native: of New York, aged 8 years 6
months and 29 days. ¦- -:
NORTON— In ' this city, Anrll 13, 1902.' William
. . H.,' beloved husband of the -late : : Mary E.
¦ ; Nbrton, and ¦ father of Katherine T. and
Josephine C. -Norton, . Mrs. J.' F. Naughton,
[j Mrs. M. J.McBrlde and Mrs. A. C. Rouard.
•and brother of : John Norton, a' native of
Athlone, Ireland, 'aged; 75, -years 4 months
and 1 day.' . ¦ -.,..-¦ \ •'-.-. ¦
.. IDT Friends, are respectfully. Invited to at-
tend the funeral" Wednesday. April 16. at 9
. o'clock,' from -hlslate residence^ 2125 O'Far-
¦ rell street, thence vto . Holy Cross • Church,
where : a, solemn requiem high mass .will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 9:30
, o'clock. {Interment Holy .Cross- Cemetery. W
PAINTER^In this city,. April 13, 1002, Oscar
Painter, ¦' beloved J son ' of k Mrs. Caroline A.
Painter and the lato' J. B. Painter, and
brother of Walter. Edgar, ; Arthur, Dr.
Jerome and Dr.. Eugene Painter, a native of
• j San Francisco, aged 33 years. .
ICTFuneral - services to-day from the resi*
dence, 2115. Baker street.
PETERSON— In this city, April* ui 1902.
Henry Peterson, a. native" of Germany, aged
RYAN— In this city, April 12, 1902, Michael,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Ed-
ward Ryan, and brother of William. Cor-
nelius. Eddie and James Ryan, a native of
¦JiJS'V 101 ! 00 ' aKed 2 s >"«ars and 7 tfays.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J.C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
" tery. - . • .
SCHULZ-^In this city, i April 12. 1902. Julius,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Schulz. and
• *eloved. father of Edward and Carl Schulz.
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 8 months
and 26 days. A member of German ia Lodge
No. 1718, K. of H., and Washington Lodge
No. 60, A. O. U. W. -
(E7Frien3s and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
. April 15. at 1 o'clock, I from his late resi-
dence, i 736 Union street, corner of Mason.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SWTFT— In Oakland, April 13, 1902. Samuel,
beloved husband of "Emma N. Swift, and
father of Mary H. Swift, a native of Mas-
. sachusetts, aged 73 years 10 months and 21
days. ...
(ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Tuesday, April 15, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at
the hall of Brooklyn Lodge, F. and A. M..
corner of Eleventh avenue and East Twelfth
street, ' East Oakland. Funeral under the
auspices of Brooklyn Ledge No. 223, F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, April 15, 1D02. Wil-
liam .Bertread, dearly beloved husband of
Josle Thompson, a native of Liverpool. Eng-
' land, aged 35 years 10 months and 1 day.
A member of the Longshoremen's Protective
Association. ¦• ¦ ~ -' ¦ ¦
(CKemains at the funeral parlors of the
Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street. Fu-
neral ' notice hereafter. •
.VKTTER— In this city, April 13. 1902, Louise
Caroline Vetter. only and - dearly beloved
daughter of Fred J. Vetter. a native of
Alameda, aged 11 years . 11 months and 25
days. . ¦-.-.:
• jty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
( fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the * family
residence, 1544 Pasre street Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
WHITESIDE— In Oakland, AdHI 14, 1902,
Elizabeth Whiteside. mother of Enna White-
slde and- Mrs. James Bobet. a native of
Georgetown, Cal., aged 49 years. .
WOLF— In this city. April 14. 1902, David,
• beloved- husband of Henrietta Wolf, father
of James, Ben. Arthur, Henry, Sanford and
Leon Wolf, Mrs. L. V. Wertheimer and Mr*.
I.' Constlne, and brother of Mrs. Bertha
Bamberger, . a native of Bavaria, aged 73
years 3 months and 20 days.
icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 1866 Ellis street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. '•
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN t'KANCISCO.
(Main Una, Foot of Market Street )
UiTi — From March 30. lacsl — akkivs
7.00a Benlcla, Salsun, Klinlra and Sacra- "~
tucato ; ....... 6.55?
7.00a Vacaville, 'Winters, Rumsey 7.5S»
7.30a Martinez, San liainou, Vallejo.
Xapa. Calistoga, Santa Kosa G.?5r
8.00a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTllle, OrovlUe.... 7.55r
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and Kaat. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lsthrop, Stockton 7.25F
8.00a Niles, Mendou, Ilaui'ord, Visalia,
Portervliie 4.55*
8.30a Shasta Expreaa— Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows.
Red Bluff, Portland 7-55*
8.30a San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
¦ . lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Marysviiie. Chlco, Red Bluff..... 4.25»
830a' OakdaIe,Chine8e,Sonora,TuoIumne 425p
8.00a Vallejo....... 12.25*
8-00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
¦ Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25a
9 30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55"
HO. 00a Hayward, Niles and "Way Stations. t12.56»
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
_ Z^r Denver, Omana, Chicago. 6.25*
TI.OOp Sacramento River Steamers -111.00*
8-OOp. Benlcla. "Winters. Sacramento.
. Woodland, Knights Landing,
_,_ Marysviiie, Orovllle..... 1055*
330* Hayward, Niles and Way Station*.. 7.55*
4.00* Martinez,SanRamon,Vallejo,>*apa,
• Calistoga, Santa Iiosa 9.25.4
4.00* Klles, Livennore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward,Niles.SanJose,Hvermore ! 18.55a
4 JO* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakersfleld. Sangus for Santa
«...«_ B a **ar». Los Angele 8.55a
5-00* PortCosta,Tracy,Latl»rop,Stockton 10.25a
5.00* Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1225*
¦f 5.30* I» lies Local 72SV
8.00* Hayward, Niles and San Jose 7.65a'
tS.OO* Vallejo 11.25a
6.00* (Mental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4.25F
7-00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
.-»'«» and "Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00p Vallejo 7.65*
8-05* Oregon & California Express— Sac
; i ramento, Marysviiie, Bedding,
•• f* Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8 55a
t9.10* Hayward and Niles t11.55i>
COAST LINE Oarrow tiange).
. (Foot of Market Street.) ¦
8.15a Newark, Centervllle, Ban Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
- Cruz and "Way Stations 6.50*
12-1 6* Newark, Centervllle. San Jose.
.. v. Xew Almaden, Felton, Boulder
. . . Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal . ¦¦ '.
Way Stations 10.S0*.
415* Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8.50A
«9.30p Hunters' Triin— San Jose and "Way
Stations J7.20*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
from SAN FRANCISCO. Foot of Market St. ( Slip S>
— 17:15 9:<X> 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O J3:0t
t3:06 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 400 *.*¦
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge). ;
(Third and Townaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations.. ....... 6.40a
7. 00a San Jose and Way Stations +8.00 a
7.00a New Almaden /4.10*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
" ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
• Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.489
8.00a Ban Jose. Trea Plnos, Santa Cruz, ¦<¦¦.,„.-
Pacific Grove, Salinas. Saa Lull i. >
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl* -
ate Stations 4.10F
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 835*
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations '8.48*
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa, Cruz, Salinas. > '¦ -
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove .....ti 0.45a
5-30* Ban Jose and Way Stations 1.30*
t4.15p San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 5.30*
4.50* Sunset Llmltnd-Monday, April 7th,
14th, Ulst, for Los Angeles, £1
Paso^f ew Orleans and N ew York.
Last train leaves New Orleans
April 14th 10.15a
t5.0A* San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 1900*
6.30* San Jon£>nd Principal Way Stations 6.30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
74)0* 2?ew Orleans Express— San Luis
Oblspo, Santa. Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deciln?, El Paso, Kcv
i Orleans and East 11.30a
•11-45* San Jose and Way Stations ......... 7. 3Q>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
. t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
q Saturday only. ./Tuesdays and Jridays. _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAG1F15
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market Sc
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:<M>. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30/3:3*.'
6:00. 6:20 p. to.'-
• San ilafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, T:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:43. 3:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extr»
trips at 1:53 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:49U
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In ECect I Arrive
San Francisco. (Apr. 23, 1301 1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- | I Bun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination ( days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am S :40am
8:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma. 6:05pm 10:23aia
» :10pm 6:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:38pm 6 :20pn»
/ Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. i lt:23aja
6:00pm Healdsburs. 10:10am
Geyservi'lla,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pra
7:30am D :00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23ans
8:30pm 8:00am and TJMah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
'7:80am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Ouernevllle. T :35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm - 8:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8 :40am
and
S :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 8:05pm 6:20pm
7:30amj 8 :00am J ~ 110 :40am ll0:23aai
8:30pm| 6:00pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«M
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton .
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; aft
Geyaervllla for Skagga Springs; at doverdalai
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaeyvllle, Carls-:
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BarUatS
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttaa
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potto* Vallay-
John Day's. Riverside. JJerlfy'a BncknoU'su
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllla, Orr*s Hot Sprlnsjsu
idendodno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usall
Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummins. Bell's Sprtaci-
iarrla. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia and Bvraka. -" ""
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. . '
On Sundays round-trip tickets .to ait poiat*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket office, 650 Market street, nmmi^
building. - ¦•.¦¦
H. C. WH1T1NO. R. X RTAX.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt, !
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. • . . Local Lim'd Ovrld Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally ¦ .
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 »
Ar. Stockton.. 10: IS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced. ,. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 8:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
•• Hanford.. 8:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
• 4 Visalia... 3:39p 5:00a .
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a '
"Kan. City 2:4Oa 7:30a .......
- Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning.- p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. daily..
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m.- dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
- at all - points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
. Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. :
ftOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. . Foot of Market St. San Fran.
iHb P. 11:30 a. .'. - k i- „,. 4:i> p. 5:5o r.
I»», Sw rraKbea to Somntt ind Batm, II. M.
y"""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MniT~J$i C29 KKiK.V V ST. Established
EHc2M in IM51 f o r ' ! 'e. treatment <>f I'rivato
Kii^.SW Di.vases, I^wt ivlanhdofl. Debility or
imW6si5»B|Hj8fcdispaii(» wenr'ipgon body ami mind am!
Diseases. The Doctorcnrps whea
'3^BKSQnth«ra fall. Try him. Cbarces low.
v^»Sc*&«Sil 1'urn £uar»n(rril. Call or write.
l>r. J. t\ iilBBOX. Sou Francisco. Cal.
BAELWAT TRAVEL.
BARGAIN sales may "colnT^dTgo/nniTwe
«,?,? k? fo L ever " selling good pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full value
k »S a A they pay for - We eel1 the cele-
SF^S ed. Decker. Wissner. Baumelster . and
fctoaard pianos and .warrant every one to be
just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
%££X and a *°° d discount for all cash. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7«9 Market st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear Jn mind
inat we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment - of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Rteinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. : Broad-
t way and Thirteenth sU.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall Is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all our
pianos. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe. $95;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Stelnways. $165; 3 Chicker-
>ngs, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
' f 15 up. Small amount ! down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
. Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up."
; Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. -
j Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from. $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
PON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price, al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell 6t. : established 1S50.
LUDWIG pianos — Most populakof all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et., San Francisco. . Agents Chase & Baker
p'.ano players. ' --
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Son; 23 5th st,. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
AN • upright Fischer piano, good as new, cost
$450. for $225. SICKELS, 6 Geary st-
ELEGAXT concert grand upright piano: sacri-
ficed account death in family. 1000 Van Ness.
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 rf»ost St.; Sohmer
and ether pianos and pipe organs.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZJb CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 -Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ' ths
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET."
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 027 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
STORE, with large basement. Below Kearny
st.; alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay St.,
room L . ,
PACIFIC, 328. near Sansome— Handsome, large
Btore; cheap. . ¦
£ OIL. :
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all elzes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st. '
_JPAIXT1SRS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 O. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY. ~~~~
MRS. E. PEAECE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 9 and 10. The Vendome.lJ.04 Market
St.; hoars 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; horoscopes cast
by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post Et., corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOEELLI. scientific- palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 501.
PARTNERS WANTED.
?100— PARTNER wanted; learn him the busi-
ness; it's a snap. 858 Folscm St. -
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants lor suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMO3. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HAVE you 'pimples, wrinkles,'" freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post st.
ELECTRIC " ligfif In "every -room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest Bhirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts 'to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing and bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically: hair dressing 25c;
shampooing 50c G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
Ing 60c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
la 30 min. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free' treatment; .
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor, 721 Market st. '
MONEY loaned at j low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A- — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S. Moore, 3320'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle, specialist; superfluous . hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MRS. DR. NICE informs her patrons that she
is now located at 139 Taylor st.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st.. corner Mason.
Mrs.-Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat- !
rlcal costuicer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage,, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc.- 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; 51; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books,, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 SO; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured ; no pay until cured ;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell St.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for'
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O' DONNE LL— Office and residence,
102114 Market st, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHEAP stock ranch and general farm, 361
acres, at $10 per- acre; 7 miles from large
town, Alameda Co.; on county- road; 100
acres farming; no waste land; fenced; house,
barn, etc. ; abundance of spring water; school
'2 miles; this Is a bargain for some one. 11.
H. CRANE. 508 California st. •¦ - . .
57 ACRES, 26 miles from this city, close • to
R. R. town; also shipping point by water; a
desirable residence location, with never fail-
ure of crops; price $4500; might exchange.
H. H. CRANE, 508 California st.
'. FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Email tracts, $60 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as.!
San Francisco is growing rapidly;, location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 : California •¦ st., for
pamphlets and information. ¦
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 927 Mkt. r. 208.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jos* and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8. F.. & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept., American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. ¦-, ¦-.;•» .'¦-;-.;. V.
CHOICE country ¦ lands for sale. Land Dept.,'
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hayward bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SUUURBAX : REAL ESTATE!
ROES VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60, per
. month. J. TUNSTEAD, San Anselmo.
keau estate— city—for. '• sale:.
g.'h. umbsen& co."."" :
• ¦, It Montgomery st.
AUCTION. ' ; ; i
AUCTION. .; ;
auction! "" "* ' ' "". ¦¦"
At our, salesroom, MONDAY, April 21. 1902, at
.' '-.-•'-' ¦ ¦ 12 o'clocck noon. -
FOURTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
•--.. Partition Sale. . »- -¦ -&A-
Nos. .134 and 136 Fourth • St.. bet. Mission
and Howard; good 'substantial brick building,
containing two stores on ground floor; upper
floors occupied as a hotel; rents $287 50 per
month; lot 34:4 1 / £xl60 irregular to Howard
court; two frontages. '. ¦ ' ' ¦ • ¦'¦- • ':-•• : -'••• ''¦¦¦
CHOICE INVESTMENT ON GOLDEN GATE
AVENUE. •" ¦•- ¦.¦:.;•¦• - ••-
Nos. 631 and C3:} Golden- Gate ave., near -Van
Ness ave. ; 2 large, substantial houses of > 10
rooms and bath; rent $100 per month; rear por-
tion of lot fronting Locust "ave.; vacant lot
50x120; two "frontages. - : ¦ :
SARAH J.- BROWN ESTATE.
,•'¦: ¦ Executor Sale.. •, . • . ,
• No. 1518 Larkln St., east line, bet Sacra-
mento and Clay; substantial . 2-story residence
of 7 rooms and bath; must be sold to. close an
estate; subject -to confirmation by the-court.'
E. HETHERINGTON ESTATE.
. " Administrator Sale. " ¦
S.E. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.: sub-
stantial 2-story and basement frame " building
consisting of store, 4 rooms and flat of 7 rooms
and bath: lot 25x100; subject to. confirmation
by the court. . ¦
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE/. * •
S.W. corner Scott and Oak sts.; modern resi-
dence of 9 rooms ana bath, .in "perfect order;
brick foundation; stone walks and both streets
accepted by the city; only- three- blocks from
Park; bank mortgage of $3000 can remain; lot
25x106:3. ' ' ¦•¦•¦ •
CHOICE. MISSION CORNER, v
S.W. corner Twenty-second and Bartlett sts.j
substantial 2-story bay-window residence of 12
rooms and bath, brick foundation, . etc. ; rents
$40 per month. This choice corner could be
made to yield good results if the present build-
Ing-, was converted into flats and, stores con-
structed on ground floor; close to transfer point.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 2720 Mission St., west line, bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth sts. ; this choice prop-
erty will be offered either as a whole' or' in
subdivisions; dwelling contains 7 rooms j and
bath; lot 100x125.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER. .
N.W. corner Mason and Lombard sts. ; thi3
large corner properly improved would yieH
large returns: 60x82:6.-"
CHOICE CORNER FRONTING PARK.
N.E. corner Stanyan and Grove sts. ; this
choice corner will be offered as a whole or in
subdivisions; 50x106:3. - -. .
REF.EREE SALE. " '
Choice building lots. Fifteenth St., south line
Junction. of Market and Fifteenth; 25x100 eacn;
subject to confirmation by the court. " .
T. O'Leary Estate.
Executor Sale. -
N.W. • corner Thirteenth ave. and P street
South. Nos. . 1116, 1118. 1120 and 1124 P et.;
corner 25x100 not built on; rents $63 per month;
eubject to confirmation by the court. ' . - - ¦ -
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Collingwood st.. . west line bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth. ..-..¦¦'
No. 1.
Building lot 27:6x125. - , . . • ». •
No. 2. -: - • ¦- .
.No. 228 Collingwood St.; cottage of 4 rooms:
lot 27:6x125.
For catalogues and further particulars ap-
ply to G. .H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner Bldg.
Real Estate. Loans. Investments. ¦
$120,000 — A fine property; pays 6 per cent
net. ¦ ¦' • ¦ > '¦ ' ¦¦ i
$75,000 — Valuable corner near Market st. ;
large frontage.
$15,000 — Polk-st. corner; offer wanted. ' .
JlO^O-^-Five minutes from Market and
Kearny sts.; will sell at an advance of 25 per
cent .wlthm a short time. ¦ •„-. , :
$10,«00 — 30x60: water front property.
$4800 — Rents $48; 4 flata; near Sixth and
Mission sts. • ¦
$3500 — Choice large corner on Point Lobos
avenue. ¦ - ' . . • . ¦ . .
$1000 — But owner will take $800 If sold thLs
week; one of the best lots in Richmond. i
$S00 — Near 24th and Noe: the owner paid
$1250 for this lot during dull times.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bldg.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ~~ .': ¦; r ~T~-
850 Market st:, corner Stockton.
• Telephone Grant 177. .
Real Estate Agent.
•¦' - ' Property Bought and Sold.
Rente Collected. " - ¦ ¦ .\. .... .-
CHEAP, ¦ new cottage 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; large lot; . high \ finished base-
ment; on S. F. and San Mateo car line.. See
owner on premises, Chenery and Fairmount
t.ts. ; small amount cash, balance like rent. •
SOUTHEAST. corner of Harrison and Langton
sts. ; 75x75. with. Improvements: make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall
square. - ' ...-¦¦¦
$30,000 EACH; appreciated if »een; 2 new 12-
rocm residences i on Washington st... near
Laurel (Presidio Heights) ;. open for inspec-
tlon from 11 to 3 dally.
$5650— SACRIFICE: nice flats; well rentedj-
Mlsslon warm belt. Owner, box 4917, Call.
$r.5OO— MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; rent!
$60. Apply 2623 Sutter «t., near Lyon. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ESTATE.
ELEGANT cottage, fine large garden; must bo
sold account departure. See owner 1518 Ben-
ton. Alameda. or 503 California, r. 218. S. F.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — $200 CASH. bal. $15 per month;. 4 fine
rooms; 1 block to train and cars; lot 50x100.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1300— $300 CASH, bal. $15 per month; 5 rooms,
bath- lot 60x115. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage, barn and lot, lOOx
125; fine neighborhood. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2350 — NEW 6-room . house, Just completed;
large corner lot; fine mantel, sideboard, gas
fixtures, stationary tubs, porcelain bath, tint-
ed walls: 1 block to school and church, stores,
etc.: $200 cash, bal. $20 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO. ¦
$2200— NEW 8-room house; lot 50x140; must be
sold at once. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$700 UP for lots in the Wheeler Tract; 4S al-
ready - sold;.- grandest view In Berkeley. ,W.
C. MORAN & CO.. i
$200— LOT. 50x135. \V. C. MORAN A CO.
$400 — LOT. 100x135. W. C. MORAN. Lorin sta-
tion, Schmidt block. Berkeley, Cal. ' . •.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; .high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT — New house. 8 rooms; near U C
2437 Waring st. Inquire 2211 Haste st.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
VFRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
OWNER wants bid for fine lot; no agents-
must sell. GONEIN. box 4913. Call office. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BkOADWAY..
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 CASH: $2 50 monthly; 2 lots. 25x256; price
$39 each. - . .'.
$20 cash. $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
in all. ¦••- ¦ - . . ,
$50 cash, $5 monthly; 4 lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price- $300.- ¦
. $75 cash. $7 50 monthly; 8 lots, 100x200; fine
oak* and laurel trees; price $575.
$65 cash, $10 monthly; 200x200; price $985 in
all; fine soil; grand view; superb climate; near
electric car line; fine. school; building up rap-
Idly with a good class of people; no fogs nor
raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call or
eend for- circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free. H
Z. JONES. Owner. ...... ¦¦ . . : .. ./ J
aAJCL^ND^FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. ~S7
ECHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland. :
Mill Valley Jdvertisemeflts.
j_^ILLJ^ALLEY^REAX^ESTATE. \
S. ' H. ROBERTS, real estate and insurance,
Mill Valley, Cal. — Houses to rent," furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or 'year;, lm-
proved and unimproved property for sale. ' ¦•
ELLIS, 830-^-Two email sunny furnish^oT^oui!*-
keeplng rooma in rear; rent $10.
HOWARD. 935% — Two sunny rooms for house-
keepg..- complete; hot, cold water; reasonable: :
HOWARD 1063 — Two sunny connecting : com-
pletelyf urn, rooms; running, water; other*.
HOWARD, 1076— 3 rooms in the rear, $6 ' *
HOWARD,' 2381—2 large sunty" rooms;* porch. :
- yard;'$12.. -;¦¦ .-¦•;¦ .-; ., .. ... .- . ¦ ¦¦..,'
LASKIE, 27. - off Mission, near Ninth— 3 con-
nectlng sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
O'FARRELL, 431—^uite sunny rooms; fur-
- nished - for. housekeeping.Miss O'Malley as the fascinating secre
tary — a sort of Lady Babbie and Grizel
combined — is very acceptable, her\ youth
and' personal charm measurably < helping
Professor's Love Story," delight
fully given by E. S. Willard and his col
leagues at the Columbia Theater last
night. The scenes are laid In Arcady—
mistakenly spelt "London" and "Tulloch
mains" on the programme — and the time
is when you will. -
The story is all about a dear, dreamy,
old-young professor falling in love with
a butterfly maid who has fluttered to his
desk one fine morning as his secretary.
There is a wicked young widow with cap
tlvatlngly unscrious schemes against the
professor's peace; and a whimsical step
son and daughter-in-law who are anxious
to settle her !n life.
There are two sons of the same Utopian
soil who addjargely to the joys of living,
and a fair maid whose wooing by them is
a rare and gracious piece of fooling. Two
merry doctors complete the cast.
Around these fanciful folk Barrle has
woven a delicately fantastic comedy, with
the quaint air of realism that some fairy
stories have. The play is kept admirably
in key, the work of the actors through
out being remarkable for its consistency.
Mr. Willard as the professor is an ex
quisite thing. Absent-minded, learned,
lovable, a fine gentleman and uncon
sciously in love, the professor, as Mr.
Willard paints him. Is an irresistible fig
ure. His unconsciousness of his love for
the pretty secretary is sublime, his quaint
humility when he does discover it truly
pathetic— In an Arcadian way— and the
whole picture conspicuous for rich and
genial humor, brilliant lightness of hand
ling and masterly finish.
VERT far from the madding crowd,
the pomps and vanities of this
wicked world, is the delightful
fancy of James M. Barrie's "The
seems to be about as much of a success '
as its predecessor, "The Serenade." The
house was packed to the doors last night
and continuous applause was indicative
that the performance was justly appro- •
ciated. The opera is. full to. the brim with ,
fun. Amusing songs and ludicrous situa- \
tions abound in every, act. Ferris .Hart- ]
man, as Boris, Is as much of. a favorite as.;
ever. His hearers I can seemingly never j
get enough of the song, "Shouldn't Have i
Done It." • ;- V ' : .
Edward Webb has a very humorous role *
which he fills in a highly satisfactory
manner. Annie . Llchter, in the double -
characters x»f Musette and Jrma, '¦ makes :
the most of her opportunity to, show ; her
talent.- Harry Cashman is the funniest
kind of a poverty-stricken Count. ~ Har- :
old Gordan and Arthur Cunningham. are .
Around Characters Author Has W oven r an- \
tastic Comedy With Quaint Air
'K; of Realism*
FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD IS THE DELIGHTFUL FANCY
OF PLAYWRIGHT J.M. BARRIE'S "THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
SOME OF THE CLEVER STAGE FOLK '
~ WHO ARE "NIGHTLY . ENTERTAIN
ING PATRONS OF THE ORPHEUM. .
< .¦ ; . . V . ¦_
Williams and} Walker In their ¦ musical
comedy, ""Sons of Ham,", caused' no-'end
of laughter at the ; California Theater'last
night. .The -house was. well; 'filled: and
there should -be packed houses forthe re
mainder of the week. Both Williams. and
Walker are .'• first-class r comedians t and
their fun is. wholesome and catching. Miss
Overton-Walker is; also ::a very . clever
California:
shall as Ruth Fielding, the girl who weds
the detective,, has a Very -effective role
and . rouses the house- to enthusiastic ap
plause in the scene where she. foils the
plotters against her brother while she is
disguised as a "Bowery 'tough .girl." Ag
nes " Ranken as Mabel Westbrook, the
banker's daughter, makes an excellent in
genue, and Margaret Marshall 'as Mother
Thunder creates a- great deal of merri
ment - with her > tramps' lodging-house.
Stanley Ross as the Wall street, broker,
who commits robbery and murder to re
tain his position 'among the. pampered
sons 'of. wealth, is ;the conventional gen
tlemanly villain, and WHlard Blackmore
as George Fielding, the innocent man ac
cused "of the broker's crime,' does some
very -creditable acting. Edwin T.Emery
and .James Corrlgan are at their -best in
the character, roles; of. Terry the' Tough
and^Larry Lunnon.'and George Nicholls,
Herbert -Farjeon,. Ernest i Howell and
frank Thompson makeup a strong cast.'
Spring medicine to purify . the.'blopd,';Poiisti
patlon. Biliousness. Sick Headaches; 10c," l'5c. •
Adams' Sarsaparilla Fills.
/At a meeting of the* Fire Commissioners
yesterday .the members of the board
Under a/p'lan? to give the
nremen a * yearly .'vacation of " two ; weeki?
in .addition itathelr regular; weekly days
Off. «.'"¦ ¦¦.¦.'•' - : V- ¦¦ • ": -¦'¦'¦-.-/ *¦
Vacations for Firemen.
p Twelve men who have been saved from
the curse . of •', drink will speak -at a big
meeting to be heldr this evening .at" 207
Grant: avenue by the Salvation Army. -
Converts to-fSpeak.
Bert K. Davis, a former steward" at 'the
Emergency Hospital, 'rescued Mrs'^Ed
Burr from a probably fatal runaway'ac
cident last Sunday night. The horse at
tached to the buggy in which Mrs. Burr
was seated started to run down Van Ness
avenue from .the corner of Ellis street.
As the frightened, animal neared Turk
street Davis, who was standing near the
corner, seized the lines and prevented a
collision with a' near-by car. No damage
was done.
Collision. Narrowly Averted.
$20,000 worth of the finest 'of shoes; com
prising the entire / stock of T.; A.' Gilbert of
Eugene, Or., and. consisting "of il'SorosIs,"
Laird's, Renaud's, . etc, r wlll be < placed on
sale, for less than the-cost- of manufac
ture. Sale commences to-morrow (Wednes
day), at 9 a. m., 324 Kearny; street. : • '
Immense Sale of Fine Shoes/.
The deceased leaves three children, two
sons, the eldest of whom, Clarence
Kempff, is an officer on the Government
steamer Albatross; Fritz, who is a
student at the State University, and - a
daughter, Cornelia Kempff.
Rear Admiral Kempff returned from his
command on the Asiatic station three
weeks ago. He had - been separated from
his wife and family for some years while
he was in Manila, China and Japan, and
his .return to stand at -his. wife's death
bed was very sad.
Mrs. Kempff was a daughter of the late
Thomas H. Selby, founder, of the Selby
Smelting Works. She married Admiral
Kempff in this city some years ago. She
has been with the admiral In Washing
ton, New York and at many of his various
stations, and for a number of years was
with him at Mare Island, . where the ad
miral was commandant. ¦ When the : ad
miral was ordered to the Asiatic station
she remained in Oakland with her family
at the Metropole and welcomed him upon
his cafe return home.* ... •
Mrs. Cornelia Selby Kempff , wife . of
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff \ of the
United States Navy, ; died last even
ing at her residence at the Hotel Metro
pole, Oakland. She contracted pneu
menia a few days ago. It was not
thought that serious results would fol
low', but the disease developed very rap
idly, and after less then a week's illness
she passed away at 10:15 . o'clock last
night. . ,,
His resignation- was an enforced -. one, - and
when he was reinstated in ; 1895 he became ; in
law and in fact .entitled to all the right*' and
privileges he was entitled to at the date of his
resignation. One of these rights, \ under many
similar rulings of this court, is that to 'apply
for and be granted .restoration to, his position
as sergeant, from which he was so unjustly re
moved; : - ¦ ¦¦--¦¦ ... . ¦ ~.
In April, 1878, Hook was appointed a 1 pa
trolman and in October, 1889, he ' was • ad
vanced to the rank of sergeant.- In September.
1S0O, he wtis reduced to the ranks without any
good cause whatever. Fearing further disgrace,
by reason of circumstances tending thereto, he
resigned from the Police Department. • In De
cember. 18!)5, he was reinstated in the de
partment without any ' petition ... of . property
owners, without physical examination and with
out regard to age limit, and without anyof the
requirements usual In such cases. : In January
1P02, he demanded of the Board of • Police Com
missioners restoration . to the rank of sergeant
and was refused.' . ¦ : *¦ .-.:>¦. •-.•¦--7
Judge Hebbard decided yesterday, that
Policeman Harry Hook is' entitled to. the
rank of sergeant in . the Polh^ Depart
ment, and ordered a writ of mandate
issued directing the Police Commissioners
to restore him. In his ' opinion '¦ on the
suit for a writ filed by Hook, Judge Heb
bard takes a slap at the Police Commis
sioners in the following language:
. F. P. Nicholas,, president, of local, Car
penters' Union No.- 22, and Secretary -W.'
E.- Smith have appended their.' signatures
to. a communication denying certain
statements made, by Messrs. De Roin and
Cranford of the new union. - • ' •
No change ¦ occurred"yesterday in the
leather, workers', strike. ; Over 150 men are
reported out. of work, and the big whole
sale firms are seriously affected. The men
ask for an increase of 10 per cent in their
wages and a reduction of one hour a 'day
in -their working time..: President Ri.'H.
McCallum of the Leather Workers' Union
nas appointed a committee of nine to con
duct . the : strike, i -They | have opened head
quarters at 1133 Mission street. <¦.-,„• *
W. Davis •&; SonY . leather manufactur
ers,', have : compiled a table showing ! that
most of . their ¦ employes earn ¦ between ' $60
and$75 per month. . .
>-¦-¦%• - :-¦. .-:.:¦,-.:. \ -¦;-. ¦ ¦ ¦ :¦'':
•: The drivers for the United States Laun
dry have agreed' with their employers .to
try .'the.; plan of confining their routes to
different districts, v When- the plan ; was
first broached j to the j drivers some objec
tion was' made by those who thought that
the . operation of the "new / plan would
necessarily decrease their earnings. When
assured by the proprietors of the laundry
that the plan would have a tendency; to
increase : rather than decrease their.earn
ings they decided to allow their employers
,to : ;redistrict their laundry, routes.' : The
matter, was settled . yesterday afternoon
at the headquarters of the Labor Council.
Thirteen , of ; the ; drivers sat .down': with
Proprietors Biggy g and , Ferguson' and
President Goffand Secretary. Rosenberg
of the Labor Council, r-. '/
Superior Judge Says^Dis
rating of ; Policeman jX ?
Was Unjust: ¦ '
She Contracts Pneumo
nia and Succumbs in
a Few Days.
iXJnited §tates Laundry
:£ Employes Accept
, : *v '::¦'¦ ? v ."¦¦ Districts. : '¦' : - • ¦•¦ ]
'At a late hour last night the Jury be
fore which Martin J. Lane was tried on a
charge of grand larceny had failed " to
agree on a verdict and was locked up for
th© night. Lane Is accused of fleecing a
young man from Nevada named A. Mel
lor in a "brace" faro game at the Palace
Hotel. The case was tried in Judge Gra
ham's court. • -.~*;'-"v»
Lane Jury Locked Up.
HEBBARD ORDERS
HOOK RESTORED
ADMIRAL KEMPFF
LOSES HIS WIFE
Tivoli.
"The' Fortune Teller" " at ' the Tivoli
, R. H. Ingram has been appointed super
intendent of the Los Angeles division of
the Southern Pacific, vice J. A. lluir, re
signed. At the end of this week he will
leave his office in the Railroad building
and depart for his new field of vork. At
present he Is executive secretary of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. Mr.
Ingram has had a long experience as a
railroad man. H© entered the service In
1877. • ;¦ •- ¦ -
Secretary Is Promoted.
DRIVERS AGREE
TO NEW PLAN
"The. Dangers of ajGreat City,"', with its
strikingly realistic j illustrative of
stirring^ ev«nts. in 1 New.York's Fifth ave
nue rand -Bowery, Immensely pleased the
audience at the. Central Theater last even
ing." ;;Jt,.is. a comedy-drama, well:balanced
with humor .and pathos, and every- one of
the \ four acts has; a^climax • that ¦ thrills.
George ; P. : Webster' as Edmund Vaughn,
the : detective, who ". weds . the woman he
loves i unconscious' of the fact' that, she is
the sister of.. an escaped convict- whose
trail j he", is | following,- gives a strong por •
trayal- of a character that struggles .' ; -.
tWeen the dictates of duty and the man
dates/of the heart, while' Annette Mar-
Central.
When Fedora dies in the arms of the
heart broken Loris Ipanoff , the man
whom while she suspected him of mur
der she most cruelly wronged, and • when
he, out of the great love he bears for her
cheers her last- moments with the* bless
ing of forgiveness, there is not a dry
eye in the house. Melbourne- MacDowell
never played upon the chords of human
sympathy so effectively as he does in
Sardou's tragedy. In Fedora he displays
the true mettle of the artist. The part
of the Princess is most exacting for Flor
ence Stone, but she proves equal to its re
quirements and gives tne finest Illustra
tion of her power that it is possible- to
convey within the limits or a single play.
In intensity of interest, in strong emotion
al passages Fedora ranks' with La Tosca
at the head of post-Shakespearian drama.
The play is staged with the same care
and attention to detail that characterized
its predecessors, and in- the hands of the
excellent company loses none of its inter
est or effectiveness.
Grand Opera-House.
- "Fiddle Dee Dee" still holds forth at
Fischer's.' It has caught the town and the
theater is crowded nightly. The fun is of
the fast and furious kind and the pleas
ure house is filled with- laughter through
put the. performance. The music is ex
tremely catchy and the singing Is excep
tionally good.' Kolb and Dill are very droll
as Germans, and Barney helps things,
along by his clever but refined delineation
of a Hebrew. . The -burlesque on "Floro
dora" is one of the- hits of the potpourri
of fun. - Lillian Coleman sings herself Into
favor, and ¦ Maud Amber's merry laugh is
so -irresistible that the audience Is forced
to Join In. Wlnfield Blake plays a con
genial part. He is supposed to be a rich
American traveling in Paris, with lots of
money- to spend. . He is as generous as a
Croesus- and he makes a roll of stage
money look like thirty cents. The entire
cast is made up of clever • people. The
chorus -has shown great Improvement In
its work, i The burlesque bids fair to enjoy
a long run at the local playhouse.
Fischer's.
Alcazar.
They. are. doing George Broadhurst's
comedy "Why Smith Left Home" in clev
er style thisxveek at the Alcazar. - All the
favorites of this popular playhouse are
happily cast and make the most; out of a
play which fairly bristles with funny sit
uations. M. L. Alsop as John Smith Is
director general of the funmaklng, and he
ls-ably assisted by George Osbourne, who
does •- a fine bit of character acting as
General Billetdoux. Whatever Osbourne
does he does well, and that accounts for
his long-continued success on the'6tage.
Howard Scott has not much to. do as
Major Duncombe, buthe is equal, to .'the
emergency, while Frank Bacon and Hen
ry Shumerplay their parts well. Lillian
Elliott as Lavinla Daly, the cook, splen
didly Interprets her part, and her travesty
on labor, union methods is laugh-provok
ing. Marion Con vere as the touchlngly
clever; maid, Baggo Conklin as'Mrs.'Bil
letdoux, Juliet Crosby as Miss; Smith and
Margaret Wycherly. as Mrs. Smith, all aid
In making the piece a success. '.'. \.\~: .: . '
Orpheum.
¦The Mortons, Sam. Kittle ; and "'Clara,
are by far the cleverest people .at
pheum this week. They; are In a'class by
themselves and do a' "turn" that' is both
Miller presented the check for payment
and was told that no person of that name
had an account at the bank. He called
at Wilkie's residence on Erie street, be
tween Mission and Howard, to; demand
an explanation and was told by Mrs. Wil
kie that her husband had not been home
since Thursday night.
Fred Miller, carpenter and builder. 111
Chattanooga street, swore to a com
plaint yesterday charging Frederick WI1
kie with passing a fictitious check upon
him. Miller advanced Wllkie about $f>00
and Wilkle gave him as security a check
for $1250 on the First National Bank of
Oakland, purporting to be signed by "E.
Covert."
Miller 'Says Ha Was Defrauded.
comedienne and vocalist and makes a hit
with her songs,, "Miss Hannah From Sa
vannah" and "Leading Lady." The com
pany as a whole Is an excellent one. Not
the least attractive part of the evening's
entertainment is the acrobatic feats and
gun' spinning" of Reese Brothers and
Douglas.
both singing splendidly. '.' The rest of . the
cast is excellent and ably assists to make
the production a success.
out the Illusion. The ambitious widow
was well played by Laura Linden, and
Edith Dennett made a very attractive
milkmaid. Excellent, indeed, were the
sketches of the braw Scots, Henders and
Pete, by Ernest Stallard and H. Barfoot,
and the George Gilding of A. S. Home
wood. The rest of the cast was accept
able and the play very prettily mounted.
original and unique. It is a turn In which
Irish characteristics are shown, and it is
original in -that they, forsake' the ihack
neyed portrayal of the witty sons of the
green'-isle. : It is well done, despite ' its
newness, and' when they dance the audi
ence, seems unable "to contain itself. So
far as the youngest Morton is concerned
she canhot N be praised too highly. She
is a very pretty girl and decidedly "chic"
in.her ..essayal of. a '.French singer. ;. The
"pony ballet'.' Is composed of eight-young
ladies.' They are all clever terpsichorean
"experts; capable of winning applause from
an audience composed of "those who
ought to know." The rest of the bill is
good.--. Marie ¦ Walnwright is clever as
Josephine, and. the Petchlng brothers are
skilled musicians. . Winona Winter of
Banks; and Winter impersonates, cleverly,
and. the 'Clipper Quartet and James Cul
len 1 sing ; nicely. .. • : . : .-
Last Saturday afternoon Herman and
Frank J. Cromp, who are employed as
painters at the new Chutes, became In
volved in an altercation, which termin
ated in Herman hitting Cromp with a
paint brush. Cromp was so badly Injured
that he was removed to the Keceivlnff
Hospital. From latest reports he was In
a precarious* condition. Herman will he
held pending the result of Cromp's In
juries.
Charles Herman, a painter, was arrest
ed yesterday afternoon and taken to the
Central station, where he was charged
with assault with a deadly weapon.
an Altercation.
on Fellow- Workman - During
PAINTER AT CHUTES IS
ASSAULTED WITH. BRUSH
Chas. Herman Uses Peculiar Weapon
When Rice presented the check ta the
bank Saturday the signature . was pro
nounced a forgery. Alrred was arrested
last evening by Detective Bell on Mar
ket street, and when taken before Cap
tain Seymour admitted his guilt.
Frank Alfred, a clerk, who until recent
ly has lived at the corner of Bush street
and Van Ness avenue. Is In the City
Prison, charged with forgery. It ia
claimed that he signed the name of
Henry Mangels, former president of the
California Wine Association, to a check
for $60 and succeeded in cashing it with
W. H. Klce, proprietor of the Fearless
saloon at €0 Market street. . . ".~f ¦
Frank Alfred Admits. That He Ob
tained Money on Order That '-
, Was Forged. £
ACCUSED OF PASSING
A SPURIOUS CHECK
Between 7 and 8 o'clock on the same
evening the witness went with Dimmick
to Cole's house. Cole being sick in bed,
and Dimmick remarked to the witness
that it was too bad. because all the em
ployes would be suspected of having taken
the money, but he himself had no fear
because he and Mr. Leach could swear
that the money was there on the preced-,
ing evening when they had counted it. He
thought it strange that Cole should be
taken sick when the shortage was discov
ered and he hoped that Cole would be
able to explain everything so that he
could telephone to Mr. Leach that it was
all light. After Dimmick came out from
his" interview with Cole he told the wit
ness that he (Dimmick) did not tell Cole
the amount of the shortage, because it
was not necessary. It was all right, he
said, and the matter was only a mix-up
between the eagles and the double eagles.
Abraham Norton, who was in the assay
department, told the jury how he had
seen Dimmick experimenting with the
Jock of the vault during the time that
Dimmick was acting as cashier. On June
29, 1901, Dimmick announced a shortage of
$30,000. Mr. Leach said to him: "You
counted the money in the vault every
night and found it all right." Dimmick
replied: "I know I did, but there is $30,000
ehort to-day." Dimmick then said: "Gen
tlemen, I want you to remember that 1
when I went into the vault with Mr.
Leach last night I counted the money and
It was all there.
Dimmick Talks of Higher Tribunal.
"Gentlemen, this is a serious matter and
vre will have to answer to a higher tribu
nal than this. I suppose I'm up against
it harder than anybody else."
Charles S. Ames and F. B. Washington
gave similar testimony as to Dimmick
fumbling with the lock of the vault-
Adrian Ryan, a lock expert, swore that
It -would be possible to open a lock If a
man had a mark on the back wheel and
knew the position of the numbers on the
dial.
John F. Young, another expert, swore
that on July 13, last, he found that one of
the prongs used to keep the lock from
opening for forty-eight hours, when it
was set for over Sunday, was bent and
that the safe could be unlocked on Sun
day as well as on any other day.
Charles Waltz, another expert, testified
that the lock was a four-tumbler one, to
¦work with four numbers, but it could be
opened by using three of the numbers.
With one mark on the back wheel and
watching the tumblers set, a man could
easily open the vault. The bolt of the
time lock had been filed so that it could
be opened, irrespective of the time. :
¦ The trial will be resumed this morning.
Dimmick Said "It's Too Bad."
Dimmick Cried "Whoa!"
Dimmick Bald that he would see what
the trouble was and requested the witness
to turn the combination again very slow
ly until he got to the first number, but
before Cole reached the first "number Dim
mick called "Whoa! whoa!" and said that
the number wanted stopped at the tum
bler and he would better put that number
down where he stopped, as Cole's number
would not work. Dimmick called "Whoa!"
similarly at the other numbers, stopping
at the number 15. On the next day Cole
made a copy of the combination and
sealed it in an enveloDe and gave it to
Dimmick. He did not tell Dimmick what
the numbers were. The envelope was
broken on June 28, 1900, by Frank A.
Leach, the Mint Superintendent, while
Cole was sick in bed.
P. G. Donnelly, clerk in the cashier's
office, in the latter part of 1898 saw Dim
mick manipulating the lock. He had
taken off the plate and had a screwdriver
In. his hand. He was alone at the time.
Sometime in 1S99 the witness saw Dim-,
xnick manipulating the lock again for sev
eral days. This was during business
hours and there were eight men in the
room at the time. After the discovery of
the $30,000 shortage, Donnelly, on June 29,
1901, went with Dimmick to lunch and
Dimmick said that the money had been
stolen between the cashier's vault and the
basement; that it was in the vault on the
preceding nisrht and that Mr. Leach and
he would swear to that.
The greater part of yesterday's session
of the United States District Court, In the
trial of Walter N. Dimmick for the lar
ceny of 530,000 from the United States
Mint, was occupied in showing that Dim
mick tampered with the locks of the time
vault In which the gold was kept, and
fro aa which were taken the six sacks,
each containing 55000 In double eagles. The
first witness on this line of Investigation
was W. K. Cole, the cashier. He told
how, when he assumed the duties of his
office under Dimmick, he changed the
combination of the lock oh the safe. He
had the numbers written down on a slip
of paper, and these were not communi
cated to Dimmick. The defendant stood
behind the door of the vault and the wit
ness stood In front. IMmmlck took off the
back plate of the safe with a screw driver
end laid it on the end of the counter.
Then Cole, in accordance with the mem
orandum on the slip of paper, turned the
knob five times to the left and stopped at
the first number, then four times to the
right to another number, then three times
to the left and twice to the right and
stopped at the number 15, where Uimmick
tola him he had to stop, because the num
ber 15 was a fixture and had to be used in
that combination. The witness then tried
the combination, but found that it
wouldn't work.
The Kongfcongr Maru 13 advertised to
sail for the Orient to-day, and ninety
eight in-transit Chinese coolies, who, by
the' ruling of the Customs Collector, hava
been denied a landing, are in a desperate
frame of mind, and have declared their
intention of forcing their way out- of the
steamship company's detention shed on
the Mail dock and going on board the
Hongkong .Maru. They have represented
to their agents in China and to the steam
ship company's officials here that they
have been kept in detention here for nine
months, while their families are starving,
in China, and that they do not care to
wait any longer for the decision of the
United States Supremo Court in their
Two week3 ago the detained Chines©
made a vicious assault with clubs on sev
eral customs inspectors and were subdued
only by being severely beaten. -
' Customs Collector Stratton forwarded a
letter yesterday to the steamship com
pany's officials in this city notifying them,
that the detention shed was constructive
ly the deck of. the vessel and that they
would be responsible for any escapes that
might take place. Later In the day the
ofiicials notiried the Collector of the re
ceipt of a telegram from R. P. Schwerin
at Washington stating that the United
States Supreme Court would decide the
appeals yesterday or to-day. On the sug
gestion of the Collector a Chines© Inter
preter from the Chinese bureau and the
interpreter of the steamship company pro
ceeded to the detention shed and ex
plained the telegram to the discontented
coolies. In the meanwhile the steamship
officials have taken precautions against
an outbreak. '
Steamship Company Advised
to Take More Than Ordi
nary Precautions, y
SSechanism Had Been
Filed.
.
Safe Experts Find That the
Witnesses Say Dimmick
Tampered With the .
Combination.
Outbreak in Detention
Shed Is Expected
To-Day.
VAULT LOCKS
IN BAD ORDER
COOLIES DEMAND
THEIR FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 15, 1902.
14
I Advance/ April IQth or Earlier 1
B^S^Ft?^^ 1 - ?.4iwcjek'^^MS&»Mmcnt that shares of the Me rgenthaler - Horton Basket* H
I -I . Machine Company^ would be advanced in ;price on or befpre April 24th result- l\
9 - - ; ,- e d : in so many; new subscriptions that the closing of the 50 cent allotment has H
M been' brought five days nearer. "* - Jj
I ¦¦•.-¦;; ;;;.--;T'-;Tiiis, -present? announcement, therefore, is that on or before Saturday, April : 4
I -I9thr instead- of Thursday.,; April^th, the price of shares in the Mergenthaler-Hor- 1
|r_ : share to 60 cents a share |j
I '>'?'•-•¦••' ¦¦•'•• ;- mmm Present Selling Price |
t^^r^ Share H|
1 T ne losing day lor now been moved back twice, once from [|
H )' May April- 24th/ and^nowirorn April' 24th to April 19th. • f|
i ¦- : -/-There 'are;^thpusanas.ready^to^buy^ these shares. It is therefore necessary, in |j
H v : : .orae'r to /protect the Hriterests of- early shareholders, that the Directors reserve the fj
1 right to; reject any subscription; otherwise -any day might see the allotment far over- f
i ;''7subscr^^^^ .. 0
I /^y 1: LJ.; 1^ Js/but^ fair to state that .tHc^ewlioriaAre followed the course of ihe offering r]
I of these shares from the j first allotment dowh to* the present should be prepared now t]
i: y --¦-I to take action.and^subscribe, the", price will go steadily higher. n
i : T - 4 ;/;:.; -The above statements are made by authority. of the Directors. H
i -Checks, drafts* or imbney. orders for subscriptions should be drawn to order of i'l
I • CHARLES :R?;BARLQW,vTreasurer, , : ;f } . • U
JlTheMe^ I
I 50T HEARST BUILDING^ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. |
I president. ' CHARLES R/BARLOW.Trcasvrcr. SIDNEYB. WfflTLOCK, Secretary. |
\: Net Results
1 * Years of labor for perfection havo
¦><¦ resulted in the production of
;: ||^ Baltimore
*ttf&r\^&M t" c R cn °wned
? feSQJP^J^^q or e Physical
4- Brai^ri^fcj^^l needs of women it
tdiSii California St.. Kan Fmnrtsco.O-L
Telephone Xaia SO.