VOLUME XCII— NO. 28.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JtHSTE 28/1902.
SPECIAL. EMBASSADOR AND WIFE AND, THE ROYAL,; COUPLE WHO
RECEIVED THEM YESTERDAY; AMERICAN; COMMANDER OF EU
( ROPEAN STATION; THE PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER. ; .
King Edward continues
to improve, and : no unfa
vorable symptom has de
veloped /'so 1 far; but the
period of danger is not
over, though every hour
that passes without a set
back greatly increases his
chances of recovery.
King.Edward's improve
ment was maintained at 1 .
o'clock this morning.
All in the royal party
were touched, and Sir,
Francis Laking brought
the interview to a close,
fearing the effect of nerv
ous excitement on the pa
tient.
"I did not wish to dis
tress any one, but I am
anxious to learn the real
opinion of the doctors." '
When the secretary hes- -
itated to answer the King
is 'reported to have said:
present.
scene was witnessed »
yesterday . (Friday) in
King Edward's sick cham
ber in Buckingham Pal
ace. The King asked Sir "
Francis Khollys, pri-'.
vate secretary, what his
changes were for recovery. ;
Queen . Alexandra, Prin
cess Victoria I and the « -
Prince of Wales were
T ONDON, June 28, 2 ¦-,
¦Lva. m. — An- affecting
KING ASKS
CONCERNING
HIS CHANCES
Continued on Page : Two.
Blanchieri. read the latest bulletin re
garding King Edward's condition. Its
hopeful wording -was greeted with pro
ioESed cheering.
ROME, June 27.— At the close of the
morning sitting of the Chamber of Depu
ties, the president of the House, Eignor
Italians Cheer Over Good News.
tbt ONDON, June 27.— The King
B has made substantial irriprove-
B ment. Such is y the latest
: B -^ cheery word from vthe slck
- J§J*-«^p room to-night. It breathes a,
. spirit of encouragement and
.hope, and Is more explicit in Its meaning
'•'than- any bulletin . issued heretofore.'
¦There is a definite comparison made: In
• stead of being told that: his Majesty's
condition Is satisfactory, or that ,he rest
ed well, we i have /the unqualified; "an
nouncement 'that; no matter' what | his
condition was^ in, the morning, he was
better .at night. -This is something, tan
gible. At the':sa # meUime ; It .'must not: be
forgotten that j the ; serious nature • of ' the
King' s; ailment an<T. gravity, of the opera
tion forbid : wisdom's.: taking; too [optimist
ticXvieWrSomoJdays' yet' must, elapse
General Belief of Speedy Recovery May
Cause Revival of Some Festivities.
LONDON, June 2S.— The Cunard line
steamer Campania, which left New York
June 21 and which arrived at Queenstown
to-day, reports that the news of King
Edward's illness, which was transmitted
to her by the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy from the Cunard liner Sax
onla Thursday evening, had such a
gloomy effect on the passengers that tho
concert, which was In progress when the
news was received, was abandoned. The
satisfactory news received at Queenstowti
last, evening, however, caused the great
est satisfaction.
News by Wireless Telegraphy.
An imperial edict just issued deprives
the local magistrate of Tien-Ku-Chao of
his rank and orders the extermination of
the rioters. Several of the leaders of the
outbreak are reported to have been be-
Jieaded. Apparently this was an antMn
demnity riot, like those- which have oc
curred elsewhere in China.
PEKING, June 27.— The Viceroy of the
Province of Szeh-Chuan has notified the
Government that the American and Brit
ish mission buildings at Tien-Ku-Chao
have been destroyed by a mob and that a
missionary has been murdered. ,His name
and nationality was not reported.
CHINESE MOB WRECKS
AN AMERICAN MISSION
All . the functions of ¦. the '¦' patient are
working admirably. While the . drainage
nourishment. - His diet \ already included
soup, fish and baked apples. \ His Majesty
is also allowed to smoke occasionally. He
stilly opens, and . reads ; many, of- his
personal telegrams • and .letters and even
dictates' some *,of the, replies. He, is able
to peruse,' some of the! newspapers.. . ',
The \ King Was" able' to take , plenty of
- Tho; Queen Is -cheerful and hopeful. She
continues' to, display : the most devoted
solicitude", arid was in j the sickroom the
greater: part of the day. ..
QUEEN" IS HOPEFULr
"As the weather was very hot to-day,
the sickroom was by means of electric
fans kept I at j an even temperature.
: Whatis far more important Is that his
Majesty ¦ is taking an ever increasing in
terest In what Is going on in the world
outside, that 1s appetite is Improving and
tbati there are. no feverish i symptoms.
These are signs .of the greatest promise,
and form sufficient proof of the state
ment made by his medical advisers that
the King :1s showing recuperative power
of a most wonderful order.. V
I A^ great deal of importance was at
tach'ed to, the return of 'pain in. the King's
wound, . but. according' to -medical testi
mony such symptoms are of ordinary oc
currence. "The mere i process of healing
tends to contract the -tissues to a certain
extent, • and this would r/aturally cause a
certain amount of discomfort, vthe seat of
operation being of course affected by the
patlent'svbreathing. ' ; i •"
RETUBJff. | OF PAIH".
¦ before the -success of the operation can
> be 'absolutely assured. ; : ,- , :
There is, however, not the slightest rea
son for anything like alarm. • ..
Plans Being Formed
for Patient's Con*
ivalescence.
to , pay promised visit to Admiral Crow nln
shieM; . Lord • Lansdowne expresses warm ap
preciation of President's » speech . at Harvard
. LONDON. June 27.— Took leave of Lord
Lansdowne - to-day and after taking formal
leave of. Prince of "Wales shall close embassy
unless otherwise instructed,', and quit London
WASHINGTON. June 27.— As*si.?tant Sec
retary, of State Hill received the follow
ing cablegram to-day from Whitelaw
Reid, head of the special embassy of the
United States to the coronation:
FEELING IS HOPEFUL.
- When Prince . Henry .was leaving BiTck
irighanv Palace after his visit tu-riay the
marked warmth' of; the cheering of the
people evidently pleased him greatly.
.Among the Americans outside of the
members of the embassy who have been
received by Prince and Princess Henry
of Prussia are Admiral Charles O'Neill,
Miss Roosevelt and Mrs. Sheffield Cowlea.
wife of « the former naval attache of tht;
United States at London.
' Prince Henry of Prussia, leaves London
to-morrow - for Germany. He and the
Prlnpess received among others thi3
morning Montgomery Sears. The
Prince spoke to her of his pleasant recol
lections of !his .visit to Boston. ' '
. The. presence of the Princess of Wules
and the inclusion of Mrs. Reid in the
audience ' to-day was simply a continua
tion: of 'that - specially friendly attitude
which;/*© ; British royal family and-' Gov
ernment have-throughout shown toward
the American mission. King Edward has
expressed himself as greatly . pleased with
the receipt of President Roosevelt's mes
sage of greeting,, and the members of the
Government have missed no opportunity
throughout the mission's visit of indi
cating "Its appreciation of the friendly
feeling shown by the United States.
FBIENDLT ATTITUDE.
Rear Admiral -John C. Watson, who
was to have the United
States navy at the coronation, went to
Paris -last evening, and General J. H.
Wilson, the representative of the United
States army in the special embassy, is to
follow him. Colonel John Biddle, General
Wilson's aid, will return to America.
- this afternoon to take official
leave of their Royal Highnesses. Reid
will now close up the special embassy
and go to Portsmouth to visit Rear Ad
miral Crowninshield, commander In chief
of- the European station, on the United
States flagship Illinois. ; ¦'¦¦ '¦,
-j~- ONDON. June 27.— The Ameri-
S ' • can special enabassador,
B Whltelaw Reid, and Mrs. Reid
B * called by appointment on the
" "^ Prince and Princess of , Wales
Reid Takes Leave of
Prince and Prin=
cess of Wales.
and general American sympathy shown In this
time of trouble. Th^ /eelins about the Kin*
to-day Is distinctly hopeful.
The State Department will s»nd Reid
n > instructions in this matter, so he will
proceed as indicated^
The Cabinet meeting was held in the
President's temporary quarters on Lafay
ette Square and was the first time in
eighty-eight years that a regular session
of the Cabinet has been held outside the
AVhite House.
The Cabinet also took up th« question
of naming the naval vessels provided for
In the naval appropriation bill, and, it 13
stated, a decision was reached on Hhat
case, but It la desired not to make "the
names public until the vessels are actual
ly authorized.
Another subject under consideration at
the Cabinet meetlngto-day was the nego
tiations for the purchase, of the friars*
lands in the Philippines. Secretary Root
took with him to the meeting all tha
correspondence which haa passed be
tween himself and Governor Taft while
the latter has been carrying on his nego
tiations at Rome. It Is understood that
Secretary Root feels great confidence in
a successful outcome of Governor* Taffg
efforts. --•
When the islands are turned over to
the civil authorities they will not be left
without adequate military protection, as
no more troops will be ordered home for
the present and every precaution will be
taken for the military safeguarding of
the Islands for the new civil administra
tion. l V
TROOPS TO BE LETT.
While the proclamation Is subject to
changes in text, the general language of
the document Is pretty well mapped out.
There was a general discussion to-day
of the treatment that should be accorded
tho political prisoners of the islands.
There is no intention. It Is said, to re
lease prisoners convicted of other than
political offenses, the benefits of tha
amnesty being limited to those In custody
as a result of breaches of military law,
leaving criminal offenders to the action
of. £he proper authorities under the com
ing civil government. The purpose is to
demonstrate that motives of humanity
and generosity dictate our course toward
the Philippines.
The proclamation is based on the gen
eral objects of the Philippine bill, namely.
to restore peace In the archipelago and
substitute a civil for a military adminis
tration. That bill is now in conference
and the proclamation will not be issued
until the* Philippine Government bill has
been agreed upon by both house3 and the
President has affixed his. signature to it.
The proclamation will declare that a stato
of peace now exists in the Philippine Isl
ands, save In the parts of the archipelago
where the Mindanao or pagan tribes are
giving the United States a great amount
of trouble., and will declare In effect that
with a transfer of tha government of the
archipelago from a military to a civil
status all those arrested and held for po
litical offenses shall be restored to liberty,
granted full amnesty and allowed to par.!
ticipate in the civil government that is to
be established in the islands.
DEPENDS UPON" BZLL.
CALL BUREAU, HOG G STREET N.
TV.. WASHINGTON, June 27.— Aguinaldo
and other former leaders of the Filipino
Insurgents who have surrendered or been
captured are soon to become free men.
At the meeting of the Cabinet to-day the
terms of the amnesty proclamation to the
Filipinos, which Is contemplated to issue
on the Fourth of July, were agreed upon.
The War Department for some time past
has had under consideration the draft of
a proclamation and has found it neces
sary to make a number of changes in its
text. In its modified state It was agreed
to by the Cabinet to-day, and Secretary
Root will cable it to Acting Governor
Wright for his inspection. If it meets the
latter's approval nothing will remain but
for the President, if the Philippine Gov
ernment bill is a law on that day, as It is
now expected it will be, to issue on Inde
pendence day a formal proclamation set
ting forth terms of amnesty for all polit
ical offenders in the islands, Including
Aguinaldo and those held at Guam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, June 27.— President
Eoosevelt has requested Attorney General
Knox to make an examination of the
facts connected with the so-called an
thracite coal trust or combination. This
is with a view to ascertaining the exact
legal status of the great railroads and
coal companies that are acting in har
mony for the purpose of regulating the
price of coal, miners' wages., etc. This
*oes cot necessarily mean that the At
torney General will proceed ag^nst the
coal combination, as he has already done
against the Northern Securities Company
and the beef trust, but the chances are
that action will be taken when the whole
question has been thoroughly examined.
blatters are certainly crystallizing in that
direction, although the President to-day
to!d callers that he had not made up his
mind one way or the other. The Presi
dent has in his possession the report of
Carroll I>. Wright, Commissioner of La
bor, who made an investigation for him
cf matters in dispute between the coal
operators and miners. The President de
clined to discuss this report, saying that
he did not know whether It would be
made public or not.
ALLEGED COMBINATION. ,_
I'. Ur noT~&<rogm'noat~tn^ report? of
This .is a question which he alone must
determine after he hears from Attorney
General Knox. The Attorney General, It
is understood, is Inclined to discourage
the President from proceeding against the
coal trust at this time. His department
cow has under way four great prosecu
tions, Including that against the beef
trust. He thinks he should bo permitted
to bring these cases to an issue before he
Is called upon to proceed against any
more trusts. If the Government should
win these cases, the decision of the court
will, of course, settle the Question In
volved, and such combinations as the coal
trust would have to cease and either re
• turn to the old competitive system or re
organize on new lines.
At the same time the President hesitates
about taking a step which may have very
serious consequences to the entire busi
ness, world. He will not adopt as a policy
war upon great combinations of capital.
He would like to single out good trusts
from bad trusts. Also, before he coun
tenances any further legal actions against
such combinations he would like to know
how the litigation which he has already
Instituted Is coming out. ':'. '''.'.• \
GOOD ANTJ BAD TRUSTS.
In other words, there is said to be no
difficulty whatever in getting proof that
the railroads fix the price of anthracite
ccal to the consumer just as they fix the
price of the wages to the miner, the only
difference at this time being that the
price of coal is higher than ever before,
Trhile the wages of the miners remain sta
tionary. "Y-V i
It has been alleged that the railroads,
through their presidents, agree- that one
Trice for coal shall prevail at different
points: that the sales agents of roads
meet at stated periods and fix the price
cf coal; that the output of the coal mines
is absolutely regulated by the railroads
end can be increased or curtailed, at a
moment's notice and is so increased and
curtailed.
Commissioner Wright has any bearing
T-hatever upon the question of the exist
ence of a hard coal trust and of the vio
lating by that trust of the Sherman anti
trust law and interstate commerce law.
Wright's report, it is understood. Is do
voted largely to Cthe points actually in
controversy between the operators and
miners, the claims put forth by the two
sides in endeavoring: to fix the responsi
bility for the strike.
President and Cabinet -
Consider the Proc
lamation.
Prices Very High and
Wages Remain Sta=
tionary.
Allegations of Trust
Tactics Among the
Operators.
Uncle Sam Is Paving
Way for Civil *
Government
President Asks Knox
to Make Investi
gation.
Aguinaldo Is Among
Those Who Will
Be Benefited.
PROBING
THE COAL
COMBINE
KING EDWARD'S CONDITION STEADILY IMPROVES,
BUT THE DANGER POINT REMAINS TO BE PASSED
AMNESTY
TO COME
ON JULY 4
POLITICAL PRISONERS IN THE PHILIPPINES SOON TO RECEIVE
PARDON AND LIBERTY AT THE HANDS OF THE UNITED STATES
The San Francisco Call.Feeling of Thankfulness.
t.V^P 0 ;^'^ une 28.— In ah editorial ar
ticle the Time* suggests utilizing the re
turn of Lord Kitchener to England (about
July 12) as a suitable occasion to organize
eome kind of ceremonial, in which Queen
A J e £ a " dra and the Prince and Princess
of Wales might participate to express the
national feeling of thankfulness over the
HJiig s recovery.
LONDON, June 27.— Last night was an
extremely anxious time in Ki/g Edward's
sick room, but toward dawn, the symp
toms. improved and. became distinctly bet
ter as the day advanced. Pain in the
wound developed at 8 o'clock in the even
ing and caused the greatest concern for
some hours The King slept oSfy inter'
ml "entiy; his temperature rose glightly
and the general aspect of the va%l vJ?L
disquieting However, an exaSaUon
made by all the surgeons at 9 o'clock this
morning showed that the unfavorable
symptoms had at least temporarily disap
peared and relieved the apprehensions of
sepsis complication. While the surgeons
at the King's bedside still regard^ the
"ate 6f their patient with anxiety they
hold the moment ls now far distant when
putting out of consideration the reversal
of existihg tendencies, it will be possibfi'
to Indulge in reasonable expectation of
recovery. Experts studying the case
through the medium of bulletins and pri!
vate advices of their colleagues lr T the
sick room .generally believe the situation
still embodies practically all the serious
elements that nret attached to it. But
they admit if the absence of sepsis con
tinues a little longer the King's chances
are fairly good. Sunday or Monday i!
usually named as the date when the abid*
ing prevalence of favorable symptoms
will justify confidence in a favorable is
sue. RumorB of the approaching necessity
%»? t e . C0B *", , 0 P era "on appear without
warrant, and it may be taken as certain
that no such necessity was foreseen by
Lister and Trsves this afternoon.
ever, Are Unfounded!
Bumor3 of a Second Operation, How-
NIGHT OP GREAT ANXIETY.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— Victor
Schilling, city ticket agent for the Hani
man lines, left this city for Spokane last
Saturday and has not been heard from
since that _ time. His absence from the
city cannot be accounted for by officials
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company, who say that his accounts are
a!! straight.
Victor Schilling Disappears.
robber and plunderer to organize, etc.?"
"I did not then call him a robber and
plunderer; I called him the 'insurgent
leader.' 1 have said here that he was
there for money and loot. I think those
were my words, and I think that is what
he was there for. Dd' you?" he asked,
turning interlocutor himself, "do you
think he was there for any tning else?"
"I do," replied the Senator.
THE BETORT SEVERE.
"Well, I don't," said the admiral, and as
if to ' express his opinion still, more em
phatically, he repeated, "I don't," and
added, "I swear I don't."
"Do you think you know Aguinaldo bet
ter than General Otis?" asked Senator
Carmack. , v . ; ;-
"In some things I think I do," the ad
miral replied. "I think my judgment is
better in some matters than the general's.
I don't believe he ever saw Aguinaldo.
and I saw him flf ty times. Moreover, I
know h}s hlstorv." < .
"Do jou think you know him better
than General Bell?" •
"I think I know him better than any of
our officers."
"Did Aguinaldo tell you he was there
for money and loot?"
"t saw in his action that he was. He
had not been there forty-eight hours be
fore he was taking everything in sight
provisions munitions, etc."
"From the Spaniards?"
. "From everybody."
"For himself?"
"I expect he got the lion's share."
"If General Otis and General Bell should
say. they regard Aguinaldo as. personally
honest- in money matters, would their
statement Influence your opinion in regard
to him?" ¦
"Not in the sligrlitest degree." ;K ¦
'"You do not know of any single dis
honest act on the part of the man, and
yet you regard him as a thief?"
Just before this Question, was asked
Senator Lodge, as chairman of the com
mittee, had announced that 12 o'clock, the
hour for adjournment, had arrived. The
admiral took advantage of this announce
ment to cut short a- line of Inquiry that
wa? plainly annoying- him. He rose as the
last question was being propounded and
when it was concluded said. "I think I
shan't answer that question."
, He then took his hat and left the room
with a polite word of adieu, but without
being formally dismissed. The examina
tion of the admiral. will be concluded to
morrow. .
June 27.— The Agricultural
Committee in the House to-day decided to ac^
cept the Senate substitute for the Appalachian
forest reserve "bill, with some minor changes
but defer action until next December.
Itchinsr. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile?.
No cure. No £ay. . A H druggist* are aufhbrlzea
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it falls to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst case-j In fourteen days
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching instantly. This is a n«w discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold on': positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. . A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one gendtagr name and ad
dress. Price 60c; If your druggist don't keep
5t in stock send 60o In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO.," Stl" Louis, Mo.' who
also manufacture the celebrated cold ' cur«
Laxative Bronio-Quinine Tablets. -
-In reply to a question tn e admiral said
that Consul Williams, who had been sta-
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Replying to a i question as to whether
the agreement to surrender had been
made public at the time of the attack
upon Manila, Admiral Dewey said he
thought not. -. l>
"There are," he said, "lots of things
which are not communicated to 'the pub
he.*' . . •¦
Pa/terspn sought to secure from Ad
miral Dewey an admission that Aguiu
alrfo had' issued a proclamation of inde
pendence to the 'Filipinos about the time
of the sinking of the Spanish squadron,
but the admiral said he did not remem
ber it, although it was possible that he
might have done so. Patterson then read
the paper forwarded by Consul General
Pratt May 20, 1898, in" which the Filipino
leader said that providence had opened
the way for independence. to the Filipinos
and spoke of the Americans as their lib
erators. The admiral said, however,- that
he did nof remember to have seen the
paper. He had, he. said, given Aguinaldo
a printing press, and probably he used
this press for getting out his proclama
tions* . .
"I don't believe," he said, "that the
general entirely trusted the Spanish au
thorities. Still he did not say so In so
many words. I may add that I have since
learned that come of the Spanish; officers
were tempted to fire at us. Even my.own
flag lieutenant did not accept their proffer,
as in the best faith. I knew, however,'
that they would surrender, for I under
stood the straits they were in." ,
Asked by Patterson to explain his state
ment that General Merritt had not ac*
cepted the report that the Spaniards had
agreed to capitulate, • •Admiral Dewey
said that was only his belief. ' , ••- . ;
MEKRITT WAS SUSPICIOUS.
The admiral said he had informed Gen
cial Merritt of the proffer of General
Jaudens, but he did not believe that Mer
ritt had taken "much stock in it." "I
assured him. that such was the case,"
said the admiral, "but told- him of ths
arrangement that before the. surrender
should take place I was to engage an out
lying fort and make the signal, according
to the international code, ,'Do you sur
render?' after which the Spaniards were
to hoist .the white flag on the southern
bastion. I may say that I was the lirst
to discover the nag, notwithstanding _-I
had stationed lifty men to look out for it.
It was a tnick day, and I chanced to be
the first to discover it.' 1
He also said Kb had read the testimony
of General MacArthur saying that he
knew of no agreement of the kind men
tioned, but that it had not I been his
(Dewey's) business to communicate' with
any one except the commanding official. .
to-day. Replying to questions
tut by Senator Patterson he said that he
had begun negotiations with the Governor
General of the Philippines, General Jau
dens, for the surrender of the, city, and
the negotiations were conducted through,
the Belgian Consul^ who after the death
of the British Consul had" been very cour
teous in acting as a go-between. It was
a diplomatic negotiation, no letters being
written/
WASHINGTON, June 27.—Ad
miral Dewey continued hia
testimony before the Senate
Committee on" the Philippines
Senator Carmack then put a number of
questions to ths witness. "Replying tp
these, the admiral said' it was true he had
assisted Aguinaldo in organising his army
by supplying him with arms, etc.; that
at that time there were ho. American sol
diers in the Philippines and that Aguin
aldo had complete . control of h}s own
forces and that he was under no;resjtraint.
Having, laid the foundation by securing
these statements, which were in reitera
tion of what the admiral . had said in . his
testimony yesterday, Carmack = asked the
witness why, he had done so much to aid
a man whom he regarded as a "common
robber and plunderer," ' ,- - •
-The admiral did not reply immediately. 1
His face reddened and he . laughed. • He
then said the Senator had. npt quoted him
accurately,/ but admitted that he had said
Aguinaldo had gone to Manila for pillage
and- Plunder. .He added: -"You '.know the
old saying that 'All's fair in war.' " ..
< "Dp you consider it fai? in war to assist
a known ;plunderer and robber in an
e n em y's; territory to 1 , pillage without re
"rbel'leve it is, as I read history."
"Then you admit that you assisted. this
"ALL'S FAIE IN WAR."
AGUINALDO DISLOYAL,
Patterson then read WHdman's letter
of July 18, 189$, . saying that Aguinaldo
had conducted himself in a dignified
manner, etc., and the admiral assented to
the truth^of this statement. Speaking
of. Agujnaldo's loyalty the admiral said
he had become suspfcious of that leader
before the receipt- of his proclamation on
July 15. -He said:
"I began to suspect that he was not
loyal to us when be demurred. to moving
out of Cavlte-when our troops' arrived."
• "You mean that they were thinking
more of their own independence than of
US?" : ;">,- • -.. ' i
•. -Yes." ¦ • ¦ .'££:§; ¦: -i ¦£.}¦ - . .
/ Admiral Dewey also testified concern
ing the arms sent to Manila by Aguinaluo
and Senator Dietrich asked the admiral
if 'he did not believe that the aririB were
purchased with money previously paifl by
Spain to secure peace and that it was his
intention to use the money to foment an
other insurrection." * The admiral's re
ply was,- "Exactly so." ¦ " , ; :
Patterson next called attention to* a
number of proclamations forwarded by
him to Washington in May, but Admiral
Dcv/ey said he did not remember having
read them, and in explanation of his fall
urs in this respect he Bald:' "The days
ana nights were not long enough for me
to get through with my- work at that
time. Evidently I did not consider the
proclamations q.3 pf Importance, if I did
read them, for -i made no comment : on
them. 1 ' The reading of these dispatches
¦vyas followed by a number, of questions.
"Knowing of Aguinajdo's expectation
and purpose to-'secure independence — -"
caid Patterson, in beginning a question,"
but before he had concluded he was In
terrupted by the witness, whp said: ¦
"No, I did not know that."
"Then you believed such to be his pur
pose?" - ; ; .¦ ;-.-; ¦>¦; " •,. ., / ! : ..; '
"I did' not believe It, and* since, you
have asked my opinion, I will say that I
believe he was there for gain-*-for J loot,
for money— atid I further, believe that in
dependence never entered his head."
Replying tp another question by Sena
tor Patterson, the admiral said that;whil$
Aguinaldo .was, located at Cavite anil wag
und-ir his observation he was always hu
mane, but that he did -not see much. of
him after the army came: " • ¦
tiOned at Manila, was an honest map,
although perhaps Quite enthusiastic. The
admiral did not, however, remember to
have promised to Agulnaldo hjs "cordial
co-cpepation," as the Consul had re
ported.
For the purpose of making inquiry con
cerning some of the representations of
Consul General Wildman, located at
Hongkong, Patterson asked concerning
that gentleman's character. The admiral
apparently hesitated to reply, but then
said: "He's dead, I'd rather not say. He
'was the United States Consul General."
He added that he would prefer not to
rep'y to further questions, but when Pat
terson persisted he added; "He was a
very able man— an able Consul." ¦
COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE NAVY WHO IS GIVING -TESTIMONY BEFORE THE PHILIPPINE COMMIT
TEE-OF THE SENATE; THE LATE CONSUL GENERAL AT HONGKONG, AND THE INSURGENT LEADER
OF WHOM THE ADMIRAL HAD MANY DOUBTS AS TO LOYALTY.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Ways
and . Means Committee of the House to
day ordered favorable reports on bills re
funding the duties paid on goods from
Porto Rico and the Philippines prior to
the passage of the tariff acts affecting
each Island; placing perique-blended to
bacco on the same basis as other tobac
ccs for cuetoma and revenue purposes,
and allowing Inspectors $1 per diem addi
tional for New York customs inspection
at night. .
House May Bcf und Duties.
"It's the best yet." was the popular
comment with which the bulletin posted
As the time approached for the posting
of the morning bulletin the crowd rapidly
increased. At 10:30 o'clock there were
febout 1000 persons standing around the
gates. '
At Buckingham Palace there was little
change to-day from preceding days. A
crowd gathered in the morning. One of
the earliest callers at the palace was Mr
Ealfour, who drove up in a hansom
shortly after 9 o'clock, but stayed only
a few minutes.
As to the critical period, it is significant
that som* 1 foreign Princes, near relative*
of his Uajesiy. propose to remain in Lon
don until Sunday. It is understood that
their object ls to see the crisis over. If
favorable reports are made up to and in
ciuding Sunday it may be taken for
granted that the King will then be prac
tically out of danger.
AWAIT THE CHISIS.
Perhaps more significant than the of
ficial news given out from London is a
short telegram from the Daily Mail's cor
respondent in Copenhagen, which eays
that while King Christian, who is in ex
cellent health, had intended coming to
Jvordon, Qusen Alexandra had wired him
back that there was no necessity for his
undertaking the journey, as Kin£ Edward
•was making excellent progress.
Crown Prince Waldemar telegraphed
an eo.ually reassuring message to King
Christian. -
So confident. are all now of complete
end early recovery that it is understood
that it has been formally settied i that
¦when the time arrives the royal patient
will be carefully moved to Cowes and
placed on board the royal yacht.
Sir Henry Thompson said the King's
condition was hopeful for recovery. It
wae, however, too early to say that his
Majesty was out of danger, but if the
present improvement continues for a
¦week or ten days from the time of the
operation he thought preparations for the
coronation might be resumed. The only
danger to be feared, in his opimop, wa*
the possibility of cellular or other .'tissues
In the region of the wound becoming af
fected, but from what other medical men
said the steady improvement in his Ma
jesty's condition was attributable to the
feet that he had been able to maintain
bis strength. If the King continued to
bold his own in this respect his recovery
\.y.a assured.
Tipes have not yet, of course, been re
moved, his general progress is very sure
and steady. Of course any remaining
danger lies in the possibility of pus re
appearing and reforming in the wound,
but of this there is as yet no trace, nor
is there any trace of organic disease of
*ny. kind.
U is also likely that as soon as his Ma
jesty is pronounced to be out of danger
Ix-ndon will indulge in a general illumin
ation. Very few of the illumination de
»w»fti h rt», bee^ <» Eturl >ed, their owners
awaiting the decision . of the Prince of
v^t a i.t£ matter. The Prince has not
jet ordered the removal of the devices
fhiT ?i. a ? bo £ ou § h ho^ Be - " ls not impos
sible that abandonment of the naval re
S e rn f f e « t /° r ? Ur V e i 8 be recSered
v ir n nt inte £ est •<* th « colonial and Indian
lhue if there is no setback in his Ma
jesty's progress, there will be a r7artl^
re A iV n al t° f the interrupted festivftie P s dl
A party of 1100 orphans from the varl
ous institutions were entered by the
Prince and Princess of Wales to-day at h
at Buckingham palace at 11 o'clock to
night was greeted. A small crowd waited
Lefpre the palace until the . bulletin was
brought out, and when the good news be
came /known there were cries of "Hear!
Hear!" and cheers. Lord Churchjll, the
acting Chamberlain, drove up to the pal
ace just as the bulletin was Issued and
expressed his keenest pleasure at the
doctors' report of the King's condition.
.¦Mter learning the contents of the bulle
tin the crowd at the palace quickly dis
persed, and the rejoicing which- was al
ready apparent in the crowded streets in*
creased In keeping with the terms of the
latest report. The 11 o'clock bulletin w<±s
as foilows:
"His Majesty's condition is in all - re
spects satisfactory. The King has had a
comfortable day and has made substan
tial improvement. "TREVES
" ; v _::•¦ . "LAKING.
"BARLOW."
The Prince and Princess of Wales dined
at Buckingham palace to-night in com
pany with visiting royalties. All the
diners returned eany to their homes
The prospect of the King's rapid recov
ery has led to a revival of the projects
for festivities. It has practically been de
cided that the Indian and Colonial troops
here shall be reviewed next Tuesday or
Wednesday by the Prince and Princess of
wales on the Horse Guards parade
Queen Alexandra attending to take the
ealute on behalf of the King, as she did
recently at Aldershot. This idea was
warmly advocated by. the Colonial Pre
miers in London, and it has been ap
proved by^Joseph Chamberlain, the Colo-
The petition alleges that the defendants
i falsely and maliciously procured the inr
i dictment of plaintiff for conspiracy before
' the Gran,d Jury at Pittsburg in June, 1899,
; which indictment was dismissed upon
1 motion of the District Attorney of Alle
gheny County in open court oh the 24th
day of May, 1902.
A suit has also been filed here by the
National Cash Register Company against
the same defendants in the sum of S127.50J
for damages to the company arising out
of the eame proceedings in Pittsburg,
which were instigated by the Hallwood
Company.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 27.— John H,
Patterson, proprietor of the National Cash
Register Company of Dayton, Ohio, has
just filed a suit here for damages for ma
licious prosecution in the sum o'f $103,000
against the Hallwood Cash Register Cpm
pany, Henry S. Hallwood, Richard. C. An
derson. Cyrus Huling, Phillip ;H. Bruck,
Charles B. Morris, Theodore -M. LJvesay.
Howard Park, William D. Park, George
W. Sinks and James Watson:
Heavy Damage Suits Against tie
Hallwood Cash Register
Company.
Continued From Page One.
Washington — Original — Seth Jonea,
Charleston, $8; Francis A. Mateer, Re
public, $6; Aaron H. Foote, Seattle, $8.
War with Spain— Willie J. McCamftian.
Greenlake, J17. Widows— Ann B.*Bell.
Seattle. }S.
Army orders announce, that Captain
Almon T. Parmenter, Twenty-first Infan
try, now at San Francisco with his com
pany, Is granted three months' leave of
absence. Second _ Lieutenant Army J.
Cooper is aligned to the Nin«rty-third
Company,- Coast. Artillery, Fort Stevens,
Oregon.
WASHINGTON, June 27,— The Postofftde
Department to-day announced: Postof.
flcea established : California— Essex, Hum
boldt County. Holt, San Joaquin County;
Straw, Modoe County. Postmasters com
missioned: California— John W. Magee,
Chicp; Miriam F' Spears, Merced Falls;
Earl Smith, Brooks; Sarah Hovel, Essex;
Busls Atwood, Holt: Isaac J. Straw,
Straw. Washington— John Leist, Collins.
Postmaster appointed: Oregon— E. L.
Knox, Antone, Wheeler County, vice 3.
8. Wolever, resigned.
¦ These pensions were granted: Caliior
nla—Qrlglnal—Isaac W. Denton, W6od
land, War with Spain— Leroy Bran
don, San Bernardino. $12; John Leonard,
Raymond, $12/ Inerease-~Winfield s. Mar
tin. San Francisco, $10; Kennedy D. Wise,
Los Angeles, $12; John D. Sweet. Santa
Cruz, $6; John Velbert, Lakeside, $6; Wil
liam H. Dixon, Aiameda, $30; William
MeElhose, Redlands, $12; Edward Am
man, Pomona, $10; Alonzo W. Fuller,
Long Beaqh, $10. Widows— Maria T. Sher
rill. San Francisco. $8; Sarah A. Wood
bridge. Armona, $8; Minna Fahlbuscli.
San Francisco, $3; Angela Touna, Oak
land, $8.
Oregon— Original— Amos B. Bowman,
Huntlngton, $6. War with Spain— John J.
Buchter, Portland, $10. Inqrea3e— Asa
Cobb, Marquam, $10; William T. Kame,
Medford, *i; Albert Rogers, Eugene, $13;
George F. C. Meyer. Cornelius. $8. Wid
ows—Anna Benton. Portland. $8.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF* INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COASf
PORT. OF ?PAIN, Trinidad, . June 27.—
Chalbaud Cardona^ captain | of the Vene
zuelan warship Restaurador, who was
<>bliged to -yield before the Freneh enifefer
Suchet,. has protested in the" name of the
Venezuelan " Government and " the navy
against the action of Lebris, commander
of the Suchet, in darin? to tell him, that
his boat could not leave and warning him
liot-to move from the harbor before t^e
release, ef the illegally arrested French
men. He added;
"I cabled to President Castro, asking
for orders, but without receiving an an
swer.-If he had told me to leave I would
have left and fought )f necessary for my
liberty," .
Residents of Trinidad and traders who
daily suffer from raids committed by the
Venezuelan navy on inoffensive scnoon
era~ and properties, applaud the action of
Commander Lebris in putting an end to
the savagery and extortion of Castro s
soldiers^ who render Venezuela uninhabit
able for every person possessing any
thing. ¦ - - - * . .">
'Special Dispatch to* The Call.
There are two separate lines of pro
cedure to be followed after the President
signs the canal bill— the signing of the
canal treaty, already negotiated and
ready for the formal signatures of Secre
tory Hay and Senor Concha, the Colom
bian Minister here, and the pi - oving of
clear title by the canal company.
WJlliam Nelson Cromwell, counsel for.
the new Panama Canal Company, to-day
called to see Secretary Hay in regard to
the next steps to be taken in the Panama
canal matter. The Secretary being • ab
sent, Cromwell deferred his business uut
til a later day.
Under the authority and " powers- conferred
upon the Committee on luteroceanic Canals, it
is referred to said committee to investigate
and reoort whether any claims exist in favor
pf citizens of the United States who are bond
holders, shareholders or creditors pf the new
Panama Canal Company, or the former Pana
pia Canal jUomaany, and to this end the chair
man of said committee is authorized, in addi
tion to tl^e other cowers , conferred upon the
committee, to publish a request that the hold
ers of such bonds, stocks or - demands will
present statements of their claims to. the com
mittee; and it is also referred to said com-,
mittee to ascertain end report to the Senate
whether any unlawful or corrupt efforts, prac
tices or combinations exist on the part of any
persons or corporations to obtain any part ot
the sum that may be applied U» the purchase
of the property belonging to the new Panama
Canal Company by the United States under the
authority of any act of Congress. .
WASHINGTON, June 27.-penator Mdr
g&n,..chairman..of the Senate Committee
on Interoceanip Canals, ¦ to-day intro
duced a, resolution in the Senate authoriz
ing his committee to make an investiga
tion-Into the- purposes of the sharehold
ers of the Panama.. Canal Company and
the . prospect of their securing benefits
from the sale of the canal franchises to
the United States. . Senators fianna and
Quay made objection to the consideration
of the resolution and it went over until
to-morrow. Following Is the text of the
resolution: '-•
KING EDWARD'S CONDITION.
Teller charged <hat the entire reciproc
ity propaganda had been backed by the
American Sugar Refining Company and
by Americans who were interested finan
cially In Cuban sugar plantations. The
purpose, he said, was to strike down an
important agricultural industry of this
country. He was willing to Join in a
general revision of the tariff to meet
changed conditions, but unless the duties
on iron and steel and other products were
reduced with those on gugar, in order
that the arrangement might be equitable,
the beet sugarvgrowers never would con
sent to a reduction on their product.
Platt of Connecticut, chairman 'of the
Cvban Relations Committee, replied to
the Colorado Senator. He maintained
that there was nothing sordid in the de
sire to promote reciprocal relations be
tween the United States and Cuba, and
eaid the making -of some concessions to
Cuba was a plain duty of this country.
It was a duty which this Government
owed to itself as well as to Cuba, be
cause absolutely friendly relations with
the new republic were a necessary means
or defense to this country unless the
united States should annex the island,
lhat. he hoped, would not be done, as he
regarded the annexation as a grave men
ace to S\it institutions.
The House to-day began consideration
of the contested election cade of Horton
versus Butler, from the Twelfth Missouri
District. The vote will be taken to-mor
row. Some odds and ends were cleared
UP during the early portion of the ses-
Eion. Requests for unanimous consent,
lor which there is always a great de
mand during the closing days of a ses
eion, were suddenly blocked to-day by-
Moon of Tennessee, who told his friends'
that he would object to all such requests
unta he was recognized to ask consiaer
ation of the bill to give the Indian Terri
tory a Territorial form of government.
WASHINGTON, June 27.-Quite unex
pectedly a sharp debate arose in the Sen
ate to-day on the question %>t Cuban reel*
proclty. Teller of Colorado, at whose in
stance ihe_ Senate Committee on Cuban',
delations made its investigation of the
eubject, delivered a ; spirited .speech Jn
opposition to reciprocity with Cuba.
Oardona Is Furious, but \ He
Hasn't Attacked the
E£ jrt /.' to Discover What
Persons May Share in
Benefit^. "
Development of a Home In
dustry, He Says, Is
Endangered. „ . .
" Colorado Senator Vigor
ous^ Opposes Cuban
Measure.
Failure to Send a Mes
sage Prevents Naval
Battle. -;.'-': - -
Resolution in Senate
Asking for Canal
Inquiry.
LUCKY CASTRO
SAVES A SHIP
MORGAN FEARS
PRIVATE CLAIMS
TELLER STRIKES
AT RECIPROCITY
DEWEY TILTS WITH SENATORS
IN THE PHILIPPINE INQUIRY
Hero of Manila Bay Returns /Some Sharp Answers to the Law
makers at Washington When They Question His Knowledge
of the Character -of pf the Leader
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATIBDAY, JUNE 28, 1902;
2
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THS
Great Meaican Remedy: gives hsalth an*
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Mark«C
Weak Men and Women
Dragged-Down
Feefiriq
¦¦ cy
In the loins.
Nervousness, unrefreshing sleep, de-
spondency. |
- It Is time you were deingr something. / -
The kidneys were anciently called the
reins— in your case they, are holding the
reins and driving you into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Acts with the most direct, beneficial ef-
fect on the kidneys. It contains the .best
and safest substances for correcting and
toning these organs. ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HARPER'S
MAGAZINE
For
JULY.
. . Summer is iiot the time for
heavy literature. One wants
plenty of light reading, -and Har-
per's for X 11^ **~ full- of that
There, are eight. short stories
in this; number — on,e' of them,
daintily illustrated in color,
is about an Angora cat named
Zut, who -lived in- Paris, and
unwittingly stirred up a great
deal of trouble between two
families. It is. by Guy Wet-
more Carryl. Another excellent
story of a -more humorous turn
is; by Xhester Bailey Fernald,
aqd .recites the adventures of a
man in steel armor at Newport
one hot. night. -Van Tassel Sut-
pjien tells a delightful little love
story centering about a humor-
ous situation in which two lov-
ers and two love letters are in-
volved. "A Hermit of Arcadia"
is an amusing and delightfully
written story by Alice Brown,
and there are other stories by
Eugene R. White, Mrs. Stepney
Rawson, Roy Rolfe Gilson and
Mary Knight Potter.
¦(;*{* i. ***** * -. ? •
The articles in Harpers for
July are on a wide range of sub-
jects and all uncommonly good.
Benjamin Ridgley writes of the
idle an^d romantic "Summer Life;
in Andalusia/' Lucius Hitch-
cock has illustrated this article
delightfully in. color. Another
illustrated paper deals with the
rare old sport of "Falconry" as
it is practiced to-day in France,
and Professor Kittredge of Har-
vard has written an intensely
interesting article. on the "Ways
of Words in English Speech," in
which he discusses many of the
questions which come up in our
These are only a few of th$
good things in the July Mag-
azine. Mrs. Ward's novel goes
on — Mr. Howells writes about
Charles Dickens %nd the Dick-
ens revival — there are fourteen
pages of colored pictures in the
number and twenty-eight sepa-
rate contributions — an ideal hot
weather magazine — and a book
in size. . -.; >
HARPER'S FOB JULY.
For Sale Everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$m0^
*U« signature is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Brorao-Quinine Tablets
Urn remedy that euro » ««ld In one tfa»
K- f* SnPr^nsCourt; Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office, United States aad For-
eign Patents. Caveats. Trade Marks «ad
Copyrights.
No. TOO 7th Street, N. W.
Opp. u. s. Patent Office. Washington, D.C.
CounscIor-at-Law
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DE. PIEECE'S REMEDIES.
te«VRpTCpiLLS
p% DR. TOM SHE BIN,
J-jbTIL C**™** t *» «»* Herb Sanitarium.
H£r >m aad R * ad Testliao Btalii
j£/jLtti ' CIS KEARNT STREET.
jSSagjfahpw Bet - Sacramento and Commtrc!*!,
WafiSli^a San Francisco. Cal.
By far
"THE QUEEN OF THBtE WRTERS."
Apollinaris
the most agreeable
and refreshing water,
i ilifiiilfs^nei ¦% « i
alone or mixed with
wine, etc. Its moderate
alkalinity 'admirably
counteracts the effects
Qfwiae and. spirits.
ISfcVil I T nU 1*3 AjlL i Eau lC"h1» TK"3 Yift]
±SJi THE MOST Oy|
COMFORTABLE LINE*
to be on is tHe Szvivt^ Fe . Living
ontheCzdifbrrvia Limited is as
luxurious 2ls residing" ii\ 2^,-e
Fif tK Avemie pj^i^ce. Sumpru-
ovis SLppoiivtmeivts: myriads of*-?
real electric ligtvts -r xf ><#
Chicago U\ three <feys
Citjr TicKet O f f*ice 641 - Market 5tr.
1 — ; — — —. — — ' ' ' '
lllllJ Dyspepsia
Lives*
II DBscs&se
if • ¦ CURED 1ST
II i|l> PlFDPFQ
// Golden
¦// Medicai
U Discovery.
"I was weak, ncrrous end dizzy, with a
fainting ten««tion when wilting." writes
Jesse CWldrets, Esq., of Samuel, Eulliv&n
Co.. Tenn. "Could not walk any distance-
always _fe!i bad after eating; felt as though'
something was sticking »n my throat al-
ways uneasiness in stomach. Doctored
with three physicians but they did not
relieve^ tne. I *rcw worse and used
everything I could think of; was nearly
ready to give up and then same one told
me that Dr. Pierce'* medicine was good,
eo I began takiDg his 'Golden Medical
Discover}-/' I have taken seven bottles of
tnst now and am as stout as ever, and en-
joying health as much as ever before. I
worked all summer and this winter as
much as any one. My case was lirer dis-
eafceand nervous dyspepsia of whlcn your
medicine hes cured me. In September
:8§S riy weight was about 95 pounds, now
it ;s 195. Please accept my sincere thanks."A release of all claims against the .es
tate of the late Calvin F. Fargo made
by Jennie Dutrlt, who posed as the widow
of the deceased liquor man, was filed !n
the • Vrobate Court yesterday. The re
lease, * which is signed by ; Miss Dutrlt.
acknowledges the receipt by her of $9000
from the executors of the estate as P*j
rrcnt of her claims. -,<.
Fargo Estate Is Released.
C. Nakassato, a . Japanese window
cleaner, while at work cleaning windows
at 83C Jones street yesterday, lost his bal
ance and fell a distance of twenty-four
feet.- His left -hip was fractured and his
left.elbow ; so badly. shattered that he will
be a cripple so far as the use of arm
and limb is. concerned. His 'Injuries were
attended by Dr. :Maher at the Emergencv
Hospital:, . . y
Japanese Is Badly Injured.
J. B. Black, the man with many aliases,
made an attempt yesterday to secure his
release from' custody, by a writ of habeas
corpus. The. matter was brought before
Judge Dunne • and after argument the
writ was denied. The case against Black
on complaint of Colonel' A. Andrews of
the Diamond Palace, who charges him
with making < and passing a fictitious
check, was called before' Judge Conlan
and continued ¦ till to-day.
Black Seeks His Liberty.
rrcs « c !J t^ lf your Hon <>r Please, accom
panied by counsel. - ' «»-toai
.^m? 0 ? 1 " 1^. 1 lnstruct y° u - Mr. Spreckels
and Mr. I^eake, you are charged with the
conrmission of on Indictable misdemeanor
to- wit, libel; you are entitled to a con
tinuance for the purpose of securing
counsel to defend you. for the further pur
pose of having witnesses brought to tes
tify in your behalf. Who represents the
defendants?
Mr. Campbell — General Barnes.' Mr
Preston and myself represent. the defend
ants. ¦ •>
The Court-Mr. Clerk, arraign the de
fendants. Here Is the complaint.- -"
.Mr. Campbell— Your Honor,, please we
waive the reading of the complaint
The Court— I don't think you have
power to waiva-4hat. -
Mr. Campbell-iWe are ready to proceed
if your Honcr please.
Mr. Boardman— Ready, your Honor.
Mr. Hanley— Well, what do you wish to
<3o. Mr. Boardman?.
Mr. Boardman— Is Mr. Martin present?
Mr. Boardman— If your Honor please,
the writ of pubpena was issued yesterday
lor Mr. W. J. Martin. Has the writ been
returned. Mr. Clerk?
Mr. Hanley— Before that is done, I think
your Honor ought to find out :
The Court— I will proceed in the regular
manner. Both defendants being present
In court, they should iim be instructed
rs »o their rights: there should be an ar
raignment, this morning. .
Mr. Campbell— Both defendants are
Mr. Campbell— Yes.
A COMPLETE stenographic re
port of the proceedings in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday is
as follows:
The Court— Take up the case of the Peo
ple vs. Bpreckel? and Leake.
MMr. Campbell— Ready.
The Court— Proceed. Mr. District Attor
ney, in People vs. Spreckels and L>eake.
air. Hanley— Arc the defendants present
to be arraigned and instructed?
Warden Scurries Away From the Investigating
Magistrate and Fails to Testify.;! .
COURT LISTENS TO EVIDENCE IN
THE SUIT FOR CRIMINAL LIBEL
Allen D. Currle petitioned the Superior
Court yesterday for an alternative writ of
mandate directing Chief of Police Witt
man to compel the removal of fruit wa*r
ons and stands located as follows: North
west and southwest corners of Market
and East streets, southeast corner of
Market and Steuart streets, north side of
Market. and California streets, corner of
Market and- Sutter- streets, intersection
of Market, Jones and McAllister streets
and southeast corner of Market and
Eighth streets.
Currie claims that their existence Is a
direct violation of section 2, chapter. 4., oX
the charter.
Currie, .with G. N. Bazbuke. conducts a
retail fruit store at 34 Market street.
The writ was issued by Judge Murasky.
who made It returnable before Judge
Sloss July 2 at 10 a. m.
erous Vehicles and Stands on
Market Street.
Fruit-Dealer Currio Objects to Num-
rEMANDS. THAT CHIEF
WITTMA1T REMOVE WAGONS
The deal was consummated on "Wednes
day. Mr. Bouvier at a meeting bought a
little less than half the stock of the com
pany. In an interview yesterday. he said
that he had bought some of the stock for
himself , and some for a person whose
name he could not. reveal. Under the re
organization of the company E. W. Hop
kins is elected a director, and it is pre
sumed that Mr. Bouvier was acting as an
agent for him in the deal. . . ¦:
The resignation of E. J. Coleman comes
as a great. surprise to hls v many business
friends. • '
¦ E. J. Coleman, who has for twenty
years been president c^ the Pacific Trans
fer Company, has re*gned from the of
fice and has sold out his stock. Alfred
Bouvier, the well-known theatrical man
ager, has been appointed his successor
and will in the future manage the busl
nes affairs of the company.
Company.
cessor as President of the
Alfred Bouvier Is Appointed His Suc-
E. J. COLEMAN RETIRES
FROM PACIFIC TRAITSFEP-
William McKenzle is appointed superin
tendent of river and ferry steamers, ¦with ju
risdiction over all the floating equipment Of
the company on the Pacific system anil lines
In Oregon. Headquarters, West Oakland, Cal
ifornia. •
P. Sheedy 13 appointed superintendent of
motive power, with Jurisdiction over the fol
lowing' operating divisions: . Coast, San Joa
uuln. Los Anzeles. Tucson and Sonora Rail
way. . Headquarters, Los Angeles. California.
T. "W. . Heintzelraan is appointed super
intendent of motive power, with Jurisdiction
over the following operating- divisions: West
ern. Sacramento. Salt Lake, lines In Oregon,
and Carson and Colorado. Headquarters, Sac
ramento, , California. . •>¦¦•*.
An official circular has been issued from
the "yellow building" promoting three
master mechanics of th« Southern
Pacific Company to the rank of superin
tendents of motive power. The circular
follows:
intendents of Motive Power of
Southern Pacific
Three Are Raised to -Rank of Super-
MASTER MECHANICS
RECEIVE PROMOTION
Fletcher appealed to the Superior Court
and the matter was argued before Judges
Cook. Lawlor and Dunne siting In bank,
and they confirmed the judgment of the
lower court.
The question at Issue is the constitu
tionality of the ordinance passed by th»
Board of Supervisors prohibiting inter
ments within the boundaries of the city
and county of San Francisco. Fletcher,
after the passage of the ordinance, per
mitted a body to be Interred In the Odd
Fellows'. Cemetery and was arrested for
violating the ordinance. The case was
tried before Judge Cabaniss and Fletcher
was convicted and sentenced to pay a
fine of $100.
The remittitur in thie case of George R
Fletcher, superintendent of the Odd Fe;
lows' Cemetery, was sent from the Su
perior Court to Judge Conlan. yesterday
and a notice was served upon the Judge
that Fletcher had applied for a writ of
review to the Supreme Court so as to
test the matter In the highest court.
teries to Be Tested.
Constitutionality of Ordinance Pro
hibiting Interments in City Ceme-
The Court— Make it Tuesday, then.
' Mr. '¦ Boardman — I am perfectly willing
to abide by the convenience of the court.
The Court— Tuesday, the 1st of July, in
the .morning. I might also state at this
time, gentlemen— , Where Is the com
plaint in this case?.
Mr.' Hanley— The clerk has the com
plaint.^ ¦"-. '¦'¦:, -. "'"- :
•The Court— There were certain matters
brought to the attention of the court by.
'the' complaint itself, and the question o*f
jurisdiction arises In my mind, which has
not. been -brought to my attention by
counsel -of -either side.- In the complaint
here -I : notice a certified copy of proceed
ingsbefore a Justice of the Peace of. Los
Argeles County. The complaint In that
Mr.- Hanley— Monday is a very crowded
day here, as • your Honor well knows.
There is. a two days' calendar.
INQUIRY IS BLOCKED.
Mr. Campbell— That would be satisfac
tory to the defendants, if they will close
their case or take the testimony of such
witnesses as they want, until Monday,
and then we will adjust ourselves.
Mr.. Campbell— That might do.
...The Court— I will do that, but I will
have to .arrange specially— specially ar
range my. calendar so that I will be able
to go on with this matter.
Mr. Boardman— The affidavit shows—
The. Court— But I don't, like to issue an
attachment at the first (calling. At the
i:ext calling of the case, if he Is not here—
Mr.. Boardman— We ask, if It is agree
able to Mr. Hanley, the Prosecuting At
torney—I ask for a continuance in the
matter until, say, Monday next.
y The Court— I .will not be ready 'at that
time. . on Monday next, to go right Into
the trial. of this case— that, is, a prelim
inary, hearing, to the full extent, but if
you wish to continue it to that time for
the purpose of hearing the testimony of
Mr. Aguirre. I will do that.
The Court— You made an affidavit at the
time the order was made for the issuance
of the subpenaes that Mr. Aguirre was an
important witness.
; Mr. hanley (aside to Mr. Boardman)—
This is a chance to test the jurisdiction
of." the court, right here. Are you .going
to ask for an attachment? If you ask for
an- attachment 1 think the court will
er&nt it.
. . Mr. Boardman— I don't care to ask for
that unless your Honor thinks it. proper
In the premises.
Mr. Boardman— Well, he is a material
witness and I want his testimony, if your
Honor please.
¦ The Court— Do you want an attachment
issued?;
, Mr. Boardman— I will leave that to you.
Mr. Hauley— Tell the court he has been
regularly' subpenaed, and if you ask for
an attachment I think the court will
grant It. > . • .
. Mr. Boardman— Mr. Aguirre?
• The Court— Mr. Aguirre does not an
swer. ,
Mr. Boardman— Well, I think I will
have to ask for a continuance now— I will
have to ask for a continuance. The sub
pena was served.
• Mr. Hanley— Are you going to ask that
an attachment issue? ¦ - : ..
Mr. Hanley— Well
The Court— The bailiff will please call
for Martin' G. Aguirre. i , ,
(The bailiff called for Martin G. Aguirre
at the door of the courtroom, twice, and
Martin. G.: Aguirre did not answer.)
, Mr. Boardman (to Mr. Hanley)— What
are we- going to do?
HUNTING FOR AGUIREE.
"State officials who arc Implicated in a
scandal, of forgery, fraud and ¦ malfeas
ance in office, and scenes at San Cjuentln
prison, where convict' clerks are forced to
forgo accounts for corrupt ring."
'Further, "Wholesale -fraud practiced
under the mask of false t bills and mu
tilated books." Paragraph (reading»
"After a most thorough investigation The
Call,'" down to the end of page 1. The
headlines on page 2 are as follows (read
ing): ''Corrupt ring that controls San
Quentin prison compels convict clerks to
falsify' : records and forgo accounts."
(Reads down to the end of the article.)
i That. -is. the article, if. your Honor
please, which Is contained in this issue of
the paper and which forms the basis of
this complaint of the prosecution. If
your Honor please, a foreign subpena was
issued out of this court yesterday in reg
ular form.; and served upon Martin G.
Aguirre. mentioned in this article just
read. The.return of the Sheriff of Marin
County, shows due service of the subpena'
on the witness on yesterday." I ask that
the subpena be filed and call for Martin
G. Aguirre. -
Mr. Boardman— If your Honor please. 1 1
will' introduce In evidence a copy of the
article in question and 'referred to and
identified by thewitness in his testimony
asi an- article published ;In '.the-San',Fran
cisco Call on Saturday, May 24, 1902, and
<4.— Same article? A.— Same article.
ALLEGED LIBEL \ IS BEAD.
DEFENDANTS IDENTIFIED.
Q.— Who Is the proprietor of the news
paper mentioned, Mr. Martin. A. — Mr,
John D. Spreckels. ' - •
Q.— And who is the -business manager?
A.— Mr. Leake Is the general manager of
the paper. • .
Q.— And was such on the day of. the
publication of this issue of > the paper?
A.— Yes, sir. , •
Q.— Where does Mr. Spreckels reside?
A.— In San Francisco.. - ...
Q.— And Mr. L*ake, what , Is . : his resi
dence. A.— San Francisco.
Q.— Mr. Martin, I call your attention to
tho • article on the first page of the San
Francisco Call in its issue of May 24, 1902
Have you read that article? A.— I have".
Q.— Will ycu please state, Mr.-- Martin, if
that Is tho same, article which Is incor
porated in the complaint filed here against
the defendants? A.— It Is the same— a
copy. It is a copy of the paper of that
date. . . - ¦ . .
Mr. Boardman-J will state that the
prosecuting attorney in this case stated
to me yesterday that he did not wish to
mix uo in it or have anything to do with
it at all.
Mr. Hanley— That Is not so.
Mr. Boardman— That is the fact.
The Court— Do you consent i to Mr.
Boardman being associated with you m
the. prosecution of the case?
Mr. Hanley— Yes, sir. .---- >
Mi*. Boardman — If there is any formality
to be observed here I am perfectly will
ing to.
The Court— Proceed. Mr. Boardman.
Mr. Boardman— Mr. Martin, what is
your business? 'A.— I am the business
manager of the San Francisco Call.
Q. — You were such business manager of
the San Francisco Call on the 24th day of
May of this year? A. — Yes, sir.
Q.— Where Is the publication office of the
San Francisco Call? A.— Corner of Mar
ket and Third streets, San . Francisco. •
Q.— And was such on the 24th day of
May of this year? A. — Yes, sir.
Q.-Mr. Martin, I will ask you if this is
a copy of the San Francisco Call men
tioned by you of date the . 24th day of
May, 1902? (handing newspaper to tHe
witness). A.— It Is. .
HALEY IN A TRANCE.
The Court— Just a 'moment, Mr. Board
man. Are you going to appear as counsel
for the people In this matter as. well as
complaining witness? ¦ . ' .
Mr. Boardman— Well, I am merely ap
pearing as the prosecuting witness In my
own behalf, and out of courtesy to Mr.
Hanley I am conducting the cxamlnatioa
— lhat is all.
Mr. Hanley— I will state to your Honor
that Mr. Boardman has not told me any
thing in reference to the facts of this
case, and Mr. Boardman is familiar with
the facts of this case; and Mr. Boardman
has put the case in as an attorney, and
he is also the complaining witness in this
case. . • ' ¦".'.¦ , x
M r . Boardman— That was the under
standing that Mr. Hanley and I had.
The Court— Very well; proceed.
Mr. Boardman (continuing)— When the
matter came up the other day-
Mr. Hanley— I had no understanding at
all. I was not consulted in the matter,
and I was not told as to any of the facts
or consulted as to any of the witnesses to
be brought here; and Mr. Boardman has
seen fit to have the different witnesses
called; he has not seen fit to consult .me
in the matter, and he is putting the case
la for the people.
Mr. • Martin, please be sworn. What is
your full name, Mr. Martin? A— W. J.
Martin. . ... ¦ ¦
Q.— Where ' do. you reside? A.— San 1
Francisco. . j i ¦ . , .
Q.— What is your residence, street and ;
number, Mr. Martin? A.— At the present
time I am in Sausalito.
Q.— You are residing temporarily there?.
A.— (Interrupting) Temporarily. In Sausa-'
Hto. yes, sir.
Q.— Sausalito, but your San Francisco
address is what? A.— Hotel Savoy. .
Q.— How long have you resided in San
Francisco, Mr. Martin? A.— About fifteen
. Q.— And you were a of San
Francisco on May 24 of this year? A.—
Yes, sir. " .
Mr. Boardman-jl now, introduce! If your
Honor * please. ¦ a picture marked In the
exhibit "M. G. Aguirre, Warden of San
Quentin prison," also ajportrait of— a por
trait marked- "Henry, T. Gage, Governor
of California," contained on the first page
of the- article. Also a picture marked, in
the jj article "Warden . Aguirre' s residence,
San Quentin." 'Also artistic "features sur
rounding -these portraits, ¦ which - are im-~
mediately. adjoining- the portraits ; in tho
exhibit in question. Also a picture marked
"The prison'.of San Quentin." immediate
ly beneath • the two portraits. 'Also : a
picture or -portrait; marked j "Commissary
Francis Foley."Als6 a portraltdesignated
and' marked "Joseph-- Aguirre,- : Superin
tendent San Quentin." Underneath which
portraits and pictures ' is 'the -following:
Mr. Hanley— People's exhibit A. •¦->/-"'.
Mr. Boardman— People's exhibit A. The
cause of the people of the "State of Cali
fornia vs. John D. Spreckels'. and W. S.
Leake, filed June 27,^1902 (June '&, 1902),
Alpheus Duffee, . clerk. The San Francis
co Call, volume 91, number 175. San Fran
cisco,' Saturday, May. 24. 1902. Price 5
cents. Scandal of thievery, forgery and
corruption bursts upon San Quentin Pris
on.' involving Warden Aguirre as inspir
ing criminal and Governor, Gage, as bene
ficiary;' (Reads) ."Consternation reigns m
San Quentin; prison", down to the words
"to determine." v V . .-.- .
Mr. Boardman— It is very good reading.
The matter which I; Introduce and read
In evidence is as follows. .
'Mr. Boardman— I will read the article,
your Honor. ' '¦
The Court— Read the article.. \\:
The Court— That is very true. I. think
we will have to proceed In that way, and
it will take some time to read the article
in evidence.
CALL EXPOSE IN EVIDENCE.
Mr. Campbell — We have no objection to
its going to the record, but we don't
think It is necessary it should be read,
as it is introduced. The record is simply
a copy. We are willing to consider it
read.
The Court— If the official reporter will
copy it into the record. '
Mr. Campbell— Undoubtedly. •
Mr. Hanley— Does the court know what
it is without it is read into the record?
The Court— The record in this prelimi
nary examination is a matter to be con
sidered in the completeness of the record;
it is the practice m the Police. Court al
ways to put in the record everything that
is admitted In evidence.
Mr. Campbell — Can't it be considered as
read like any other exhibit, and then bo
copied. by the reporter? The thing itse.f
is the evidence. It is simply a copy of
what is taken
Mr. . Boardman— My reading it does not
add anything to the document.
Mr. - Hanley— It strikes me everything
ought to be put in evidence and read into
the record.
Mr. Boardman — If your Honor please. I
don't care to take the time of the court
in reading that article in evidence, if it
ir,ay be considered as read in evidence
and incorporated into the record by the
reporter: otherwise I will. read the arti
cle, if it is necessary, to get it into this
rtcord.
The Court — I don't see just how you can
avoid readine the matter in evidence.
Mr. Boardman— I know that is the gen
eral practice, your Honor.
The Court— Do you, Mr. Hanley, see how
it can be avoided? . ¦
ask to have the article marked as an ex
hibit. . . . - ¦ . . ..-.,_
The . Court— Any objection, Mr. Camp
bell? . ¦ -
* Mr. Campbell— "We have no objection.
The Court— There being- no. objection, it
Is admitted in evidence marked as sug
gested by counsel, '.'People's Exhibit A."
Mr. Boardman— This issue of the
newspaper the San. Francisco Call., of
date the 24th. day of May, -1902. contain
ing this article, had a general circulation
in the city and county of San Francisco,
did it not, after the day of its publica
tion? - . .--..-: ""¦¦ '
¦A.— Yes,- sir.. ' ¦ ¦¦.
Q.— And on the day of its publication?
A.— Yes, sir.
Mr. Boardman— I think that is all, Mr.
Martin. '. . ¦ -•¦
¦ The Court (to Mr. Campbell)— Do you
want to cross-examine the witness? ¦
Mr. Campbell — Any- questions, Mr. Dis
trict Attorney?
Mr. Boardman— I have not ¦ consulted
him about that. . .
Mr. Hanley— No questions.
Mr. Campbell— We have no questions.
The Court— That is all, Mr. Martin..
• Mr. Hanley — You had better read the
complaint in the record.
SCENE IN COURT AT THE TRIAL OF THE GAGE SUIT FOR LIBEL.
Later in the day the proprietor and the manager of The Call were sur
rendered by their bondsmen in the San Pedro proceeding and were placed
in the custody of the Chief of Police. A writ of habeas corpus was at once
secured from Judge Murasky on the ground that the San Pedro prosecu
tion is illegal since the offended party, being the Governor of the State, re
sides officially in- Sacramento County. The trial consequently should be held
there or in San Francisco County. This writ is returnable on Monday before
Judge Cook. Judge Fritz also decided yesterday that he has no jurisdiction
in the San Pedro case.
When the case was called by Judge Fritz the prosecution was represented
by Assistant District Attorney Hanley, who appeared to be suffering in a
temporary trance, and by Louis P. Boardman. The defense, represented by
Attorneys J. C. Campbell, W. H. L. Barnes and E. F. Preston, indicated its
<iesire to proceed. The defendants were instructed as to their rights, and Wil
liam J. Martin, business manager of The Call, was placed upon the witness
stand to identify them. This having been done, the alleged libelous publi
cation was read and the prosecution called for Martin G. Aguirre, Warden
of San Quentin prison.
He had been properly subpenaed..^ service had been made, but he was not
present. The court asked Attorney Boardman if he wished an attachment is
sued, but the complainant declared that he did not wish to be harsh and
would not demand such a measure until the next session of the trial.
Blocked at the very beginning of the investigation, nothing further could be
done. Judge Fritz continued the case until Tuesday morning at io o'clock,
when, the court declared, he will be pleased to hear argument bearing upon
the question of jurisdiction. Attorney Campbell, for the defense, announced
that he was ready to proceed with the argument at once, but Judge Fritz de
'clared that it would suit his convenience better to postpone the discussion un
til Tuesday. Governor Gage had succeeded in temporarily throttling an in
quiry for which he has been so loudly clamoring.
This judicial inquiry, which offered to Governor Gage under the protec
tion of a court of the State the satisfaction he seeks, was necessarily delayed.
The exploitation of affairs which will leave the Governor's character as it was
before the expose of The Call or give to the revelations of this paper the
stamp of judicial sanction was clogged.
The proprietor and the manager of The Call were ready yesterday, to
give Governor Gage the justice he demands. But Governor Gage, properly
summoned and advised, ignored the court. He had pleaded that he wanted no
delay, that he had been grossly humiliated in the house of his brethren, -and
demanded the law's satisfaction. But when the opportunity for that satisfac
tion came he ignored it and refused to accept what will be the inevitable pre
sentation of facts. His friend and official creature, Warden Aguirre, did
worse. He accepted the sen-ice of a subpena to attend the proceeding as a
witness and then contemptuously remained away.
The court is admittedly one of competent jurisdiction; It is a tribunal
where Governor Gage, in absolute fairness, may prosecute his plea and where
the defendants may present those facts that will constitute the justification of
the publication against which Governor Gage complains. The time yester
day was opportune. The proprietor and the manager of this paper were
ready to justify their act or be punished for an injustice. They were ready
to proceed, to hasten the presentation of facts, with due decorum and in
obedience to the rules of a court of justice.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE and Warden M. G. Aguirre
demonstrated yesterday beyond. the possibility^ of question that
they wish neither an immediate nor a complete judicial investi
gation of the charges which this paper has preferred against the
administration of San Quentin prison. In the proceeding insti
tuted by Louis P. Boardman in this city against the proprietor and the man
ager of The Call Governor Gage and Warden Aguirre have proved that they
will struggle against the judicial presentation of the truth in a matter in
which Governor Gage declared his personal honor is at stake. The trial
of the proprietor and of the manager of this paper upon a charge of having
criminally libeled Governor Gage was called yesterday, morning in.' Judge
Fritz's court. Neither Governor Gage, who says he feels , the wounds of a
lacerated character, nor Warden Aguirre, who has been accused of grave of
fenses, was present or represented. by counsel.
The immediate relatives present at the
last rites were decedent's widow, Mrs.
Arthur Rodgers; Miss Millie Rodgers, Misa
Annie Montgomery, Miss Hazel Montgom
ery. Dr. Lee Rodgers, Luther Rodgers,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rodgers of Watson
vllle, Mr. and Mrs. . John Brown of San
Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Cowles
of Paiaro Vallev, Fred Norden of "Wat
sonville, Mr. and Mrs. Shldeler of Wat
eonville, J. M. Greer, a cousin, from
Knoxville, Tenn., and "Walter C. Rodgers.
Mrs. Rodgers, mother of the deceased71s
seriouslv ill and was unable to be present.
The body was taken "to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where it will lay in a vault un
til such time as Mrs. Rodgers shall decide
where ifshall be interred.
The funeral services over the body of
Arthur Rodgers. the prominent lawyer,
who died at Auburn, Placer. County, on
Tuesday last, took place yesterday at the
residence of his brother,' Dr. Lee O. Rod
gers, at §17 Grove street.
The Rev. Clifton JIacon of.. Trinity
Church read the Episcopal services for
the dead, and the Trinity Choir quartet,
composed of Mrs. E. B. Mills, Miss Ger
trude "Wheeler, J. F. Veaco and F. C'B.
Mills, and conducted by Louis H. Eaton,
organist of the church, rendered the
"Burial Chant" from the Episcopal serv
ice, "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and
"Lead, Kindly Light."
The pallbearers were Judge W. "YV. Mor
row. Judge John Hunt. E. B. Pond, Dr.
Curtis, G. Kenyon, George T. Marye, Pro
fessor. Martin I Kellogg, Gavin McNab and
General W. H. L. Barnes.
Vault at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery-
Body of Deceased Lawyer Is Laid in
PE.CMINENT MEN MOURN
LOSS OF ARTHUR RODGERS
Mr. Hanley— Monday or '.Tuesday? ""•
The Court — Tuesday rather, the 1st of
July, at 10 o'clock. Jn the other matter
submitted to me some time 1 ago I had
about reached a. conclusion at the time
this complaint was filed and then stopped
my research. . After examining the stat-
ccse was filed before the complaint filed
in this court. It seems to me that before
we go into this case very deeply the mat
ter of jurisdiction should be determined
in some manner. It seems that it would
be a waste of time and expense to this
city and county arid also a waste of time
nrd expense to the city of Los Angeles
if we proceed in both these actions before
the question of jurisdiction is determined.
However. 1 will pass the matter now un
til Monday morning. I just make that
suggestion.
Mr. Campbell— I am perfectly ready to
argue that c;uestlon.
The • Caurt— The question of. jurisdic
tion?
Mr. Campbell— As " to jurisdiction; that
your Honor has the jurisdiction here.
The Court— The ca.se will be continued
then until Monday morning.
| FLETCHER TvrATrfrs APPEAL
j TO THE S'li t*ttTnvrr. COURT
RELEASED ON" HABEAS CORPUS
John D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake.
who were cited to appear before Justice
Downing of San Pedro on a charge of
libel sworn to by Governor Henry T.
Gage were yesterday surrendered to Chief
of Police Wittman by their bondsmen.
Attorneys Preston and Campbell appeared
before Judge Muraaky a few minutes
later and sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus for the release of Mr. Spreckels and
Mr. Leake on the ground that Governor
Henry T. Gage is a resident of Sacra
mento and under the code had no legal
right to swear out warrants for the ar
rest of Mr. Leake and Mr. Spreckels in
Los Angeles County. Judge Murasky is
sued the writ and made It returnable be
fore Judge Cook next Monday morning.
Edward Harris and J. C. Campbell at
tached their signatures to new bonds to
guarantee the appearance of Mr. Leake
and Mr. Spreckels.
lites and authorities I had about reached
the conclusion that I had not jurisdiction
on the mere fact of accepting bail for the
defendants. This matter will go over un
til Tuesday next.
Assumed Legality of the Proceedings Insti
tuted at San Pedro Is Attacked by
Writ of Habeas Corpus in This City
Warden M. G. Aguirre Accepts the Service
of a Subpena as Witness and Then
Treats Tribunal With Silent Contempt
Chief Executive of the State Ignores Trial
Before a Court of Competent Jurisdiction
and Blocks the Presentation of Facts
His Excellency Proves That He Wants
Neither a Speedy Court Inquiry Nor a
Judicial Expose of Official Frauds
THE SAN -, FBANCISCO .OAIiLV SATURDAY, JTJOTE 28, 1902.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE DODGES AN IMMEDIATE
JUDICIAL INVESTIGATION OF PRISON SCANDALS
3The growth of girls i3 greatest in their
teenth. a ' year * ofboys . ln their , seven-.
Receipts of Street Roads.
: : The ; United Railroads filed a" statement
with the Board of . Supervisors yesterday
showing 'that ] the sum of J11.S67 45 is due
the ' city ''as ¦ percentage of the gross re
ceipts, amounting to $591,763 26, of the vari
ous electric lines for the year ending De
cember 31,i 1901. The gross receipts of the
San Ma teo road amounted to $220,723 85, of
which 2 per. cent, .or $4414 54,; is due the
city. The {statements, will be referred to
the Finance. Committee, which .will, ascer
tain the correctness of the figures."
Petty Thefts Ars Reported.
Ming Tuck, a tallofat 421 Dupont street
reported to the police yesterday that three
men entered his shop Thursday night and
¦while two kept him in conversation' the
third stole a piece of cloth valued at k :£v
B. F. Wellington of 425 Washington sSe?t
reported that^the, window in his store had
been^ broken Thursday night and several
small articles were . stolen? Mrs i Ida Pnr
ter 3460 Twentieth street, reported thll
while she was in a store at Fremont ami
Mission streets Thursday ¦ afternoon two
young men stole her-satchel. The satchel
contained $5 and some papers. . "
Side Sewer Connection.
The Supervisors' T Charter ; Amendment
Committee has decided notto recommend
an amendment to " the , char ter, permitting
property-owners instead of the -Board of
.Works tomake;their own side sewer con
nections on unaccepted streets.'. Commis
sioner Casey , of , the. Board of Public
fWorks objected, to the proposed change
on the ground that it would do away with
uniformity in sewer work. The committee
after inquiry agreed ..with Casey and the
charter, will remain as it' is on that par-
UculaftiBroviBi :r. . . ~ .
Improvement Club's Officers.
At the jegular weekly .-' meeting of the
Market Street and Eureka Valley Im
provement Club the following officers
were elected: \
.President. VT. I* Coles; vice president. J Mc-
S° n S el U, "«*?UnM'W. -B^ DuW treasurer.
M. C. Olmpel; sergeant at arms, C. Crowley:
executive committee— Denis Barry. F. A. Ei-
Hott, R- C. Clark. Samuel Jackson. Frank
Kyan; finance committee — H. R. Coles. J. B.
Klemm, James Gordon; delegates to Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs— W. L. Colos.
W. E. Dubols. F. a. Elliott; alternates— M. C
Glmpel, F. Ryan.'E. B.Carr.
Contract Japanese Laborers.
The United States Immigrant Bureau
at this port has discovered that , Kojiro
Takagi and his alleged wife, Mutsu, are
contract laborers from Japan. Document
ary evidence has been secured showing
that they contracted with Inosuki Yaman
akl to labor in this State for four years
at the joint compensation of 361 yen,- or
$180 for the ' entire period. Out of this
sum thoy; were required . to repay their
passage" money. In- other words, the
couple bound themselves to four years of
slavery. The couple ywill be : deported.
Japanese Will' Be Deported.
Kojiro Takagl and his wife, Matsu
Takagi, who were arrested on a charge of
felony embezzlement on complaint of I.
Yamanaka of '836% 'Sacramento street ap
peared In Judge Conlan's court yesterday
H. H. SchelU- an -Inspector, of tho United
States immigration service, was in court
and informed the Judge that the defend
ants were to be deported to Japan Judsa
Conlan accordingly turned them 'over to
the Federal authorities.
Denis Kearney Heard From.
Denis Kearney sent a communication
yesterday to they Board of Supervisors re
questing that the board get at the actual
value of the property of the United Rail
roads. Kearney says that he is in receipt
of a letter from a man in Baltimore stat
ing that Brown Bros., who financed the
purchase of the local street- roads bouirht
out the streer railroads in Baltimore for
J13.000.000, . capitalized -them : at $75,000 000
and then cut. the pay of employes from J2
to $1 77 per day. : Kearney alleges that the
local roads have been capitalized for eteht
times, their' value and that the savings
banks have taken $5,000,000 of the DaDer
and the .'attention; of ..the Bank Commis
sioners should be called to the matter
American Pold 7 Players Win. '
PARIS, June 27.— The American polo
team turned the tables on the*Pari3 club
this afternoon, defeating the latter, by
seven goals to two. A large gathering oC
fashionable people witnessed the match,
which was played on the Bagatelle
grounds. The American team was com
posed, of W. A. Hazard, Robert Collier J
M. Waterbury and L. Waterbury. The
French team consisted of Baron E. 1 do
Rothschild, the Duke of Santona, M
Kennedy and Maurice Raoul Duvai. :
Programme of Games Includes Event 3
Athletics.
of Every Description in
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club ha3 arranged its programing for its
annual picnic to be held Friday, July
4, at Shellmound Park. As In the past,
it is their aim to make it the event of
the season, no pains or expense teins
spared' to accomplish that end.
The programme of games will com
prise forty-two events, embracing many
new features. Three thousand dollars In
cash prizes, as well as handsome gold
and sliver medais, will be distributed for
amateur events under the auspices of
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Association.
Among the most interesting features will
be a tug-of-war contest between the
giants of San Francisco and Oakland;
a two-mile bicycle race for men; ex
hibitions of Highland fling and Irish' jiff
and reel dancing, and bagplpe ; playing
In the evening there will be a grand
patriotic display of fireworks that will
include many new pieces.
The committee in charge is composed
of John H. Mclnnes, Alexander Stransr,
George Fullerton. John Ross. John Swan
D. Donald, A. Ross. W. A. Daw son D
Young and William Murray.
SCOTTISH THISTLE CLUB
TO HOLD A BIG OUTUfQ
WORK has been commenced on th9
amphitheater in which Jeffries
and Fitzslmmons will meet for
their championship battle.'
, A lot on' the southeast corner of Four
teenth and Valencia streets has been se
lected as the site. This is a part of the
Woodward property and adjoins Wood
ward's Pavilion on the south.
At present a stout ten-root fence sur
rounds the property. A twenty-foot fence
will be built just inside this. The prin
cipal entrance will be on the Valencia
street eide. N The ring will be built in the
center of a space 160 feet square. A tent
will cover the central hundred feet, leav
ing the remaining thirty feet on each slda
uncovered. This is the largest canvas
that could be secured. The seats will slope
up gradually from the ringside. The spec
tators Jn the last row of seats will be but
eighty feet from the ring, giving all an ex
cellent view of the heavyweight battle.
This amphitheater is guaranteed to seat
8000 people. On 'the night of the Jeffrles-
Ruhlin- fight there were 6500 people in Me
chanics' Pavilion. .
Bay City Athletic Club has. promoted its
last amateur fight, unless the board of
governors of Pacific Association, Amateur
Athletic Union, extends clemency at its
annual meting In November. .The club
officials went to court to test the question
of permits being required.
It was decided that fights could be pro
m #? h^t 1 ? 0 ! 11 the P ermlt ot the Amateur
A. thlet i!5 *£ nlon and the ' club managers
thought they were out of the woods Thu
athletic. officials. had, still another card to
play.' They warned all amateurs against
taking part in any. bouts held by a club
I J < Jti Il }i- g ?? d .' standIng wlth the Amateur
Athletic Union. This had the desired ef
fect, all the amateurs declining to ¦ urct"
into dlsfavoivwith the governing body of
the sporty The case of the club cannot be
appealed before next November. It is not
expected a favorable decision can be se
cured at that time From present appear
ances the club will; never be allowed to"
promote, amateur bouts. - .
Bay City Athletic Club. Is
Barred From Promoting
• Any Amateur Contests
Work Commenced" on Can
vas Structure on Valencia
Street, . Near Woodward's
AMPHITHEATER
TO BE BUILT
FOR BIG FIGHT
GOURSING men are making unusual
preparations for the three days'
meeting, to be held at Union Cours-
Ing Park during the Independence
day holidays. The seventh annual re
newal of the ladies' day champion stake
will be the feature of the card. This is
one of the big events on the leashmen's
calendar and has always attracted the
best dogs in training.
The r list. of previous winners makes a
veritable roll of honor. The stake wa3
instituted in 1896 at Ingleslde Park, when
It attracted an entry of eight hounds. It
was won by J. H. Rosseter's Wayfarer,
with Valley; Maid runner-up. The other
competitors were: Skyball, Flying Buck,
Royal Buck, Flashlight, Lisak and San
Joaquin.
The winner was not scored against arid
the betting in the deciding course was
not as to which dog would win, but
whether the runner-up would score. At
one stage of the course it seemed "Valley
Maid- would surely score, but Wayfarer
came with a rush from behind and picked
up the hare. On this' day Mr. Rosseter
won all three stakes. Ho took the Ladies'
Derby with Arapahoe and the Park stake
with Kitty Scott.
In 1897 Grace & Dean's Moondyne II
won, with Bartels & Rosseter's imported
Firm Friend second. ,'•-•; :
In 1898 the stake was run for the first
time at Union Park. ' The peerless For
Freedom won, defeating E. V. Sullivan's
False Flatterer. It was on this occasion
For Freedom electrified the spectators by
showing a burst of speed unparalleled
possibly on any coursing field. False
Flatterer, himself a great courser, was
far ahead of For Freedom, the latter be
ing apparently unsighted. Ho suddenly
caught sight of the. hare, and, seeming to
fly through the air, dashed past False
Flatterer, picking up the hare and kill
ing. These were the 'only points scored
during the course.
In 1899 James Dean's popular black dog
Connemara and Gladiator from his own
kennel, won first and second money.
. In 1900 the stake attracted sixteen en
tries for the-flrst time. On this occasion
Eugene Geary's champion Palo Alto, then
at the aenlth of his powers, led and beat
A. R. Curtis' Beacon.
In 1901 Frank Jones was the lucky win
ner, . Wedge wood and Harllan Galdys,
from his kennel, winning first and second
money.
Next week Beacon, Rector. Palo Alto,
Sacramento Boy, Homer Boy and other
great . greyhounds will . struggle for the
$1000 purse:- All the dogs 'are being given a
special preparation. As the hares are be
coming stronger each succeeding week,
the winner must be prepared to go the
route.\ . The dog which relies on speed
alone will hardly cut much of a figure.
A reserve stake of sixteen entries will
be run to a conclusion to-day at Union
Coursing Park. In addition a class re
serve stake of forty-eight entries will be
run down once. The remainder of this
stake, with a special and a consolation
stake, will be decided to-morrow. The
likely winners look to be:
Reserve stake — Hlghstepper, Creswick. Mel
rose, Rustic Anna; Arbaces. Advance "Guard,
Sastlake and Rustic Arbor.
Special stance— -Roman Athlete, Ireland, Roy
Hughle, Brutus, Old Ironsides, Flying Fox,
Narcissus, Silver Cloud, Golden Garter, San
tonin, Cascade. Fair Oaks, Vandal, Tralee Boy
Full Moon and Kontenoy.
Clars reserve stake — Miranda. . Mcnlo Prince,
Prompto. Shadow. Pelfast. Matters Much, MIsj
Brummel, : Cosette, Motto. Consort, Glaucus,
PeerlcES, Orlando, Tom Hurllck, Gold Hill,
Lady Nellie. Flora Belle, Pure Pearl. Fenil
Nestor. White Hat, Partial Eclipse, Morning
Glory and Charming Thought.
Second payment 1 on the Futurity stake
will be due • July 1. First payment was
made on 103 young greyhounds.
Eddie Neaves is expected to arrive to
day from , the East with. a string . of
twenty-one greyhounds. As he spent sev
eral years here and knows the competi
tion he must meet it is expected he has
some good . ones under his charge. Wil
liam McCaffrey is supposed to be with
him. He has the Orthwein dogs from St.
Louis. . *— J ..:•.¦
.Connemara, Palo Alto and
For. Freedom Winners in
Previous Years' Running
Raymer continues to play sensational
ball at second for Los Angeles. He has
had an unusual amount of hard chances
In the past few* games, and has taken
them all in great style. If ha can set
a good example by hitting the ball harder
he will make an ideal captain for the
southern band. .
Many fans will regret Holly's departure
from the local team. He was a conscien
tious ball-player and always tried hard
to win. He acted improperly In tryinar
to get more salary than he signed to play
for. Harris can easily fill ¦ Holly's plac*.
and in a few weeks the cranks will for
get the lamented one.
Cristall, the erratic little Oakland south
paw, has ali the pitching records to him
self. He has pitched a no-hit game, a
one-hit same and also a two and three
hit game. If some team can bat him for
about twenty-flve safe swats ho will hold
all the records.
General Andrew Burt, U. S. A., retired,
is one of the greatest ball fans . in tha
army to-day. The general arrived, from
the Philippines a few days ago. and at
tends all the games. He has many in
teresting . tales to tell of tho nine ha
managed in Manila. . It held the cham
pionship In army circles, having defeat
ed every team, that ever . wore & bluo
uniform.
It is a singular fact, but the Oakland
team has not released nor signed a sin
gle player since the season opened, nor
has one of its number been unkind enougU
to jump a contract. Perhaps this con
tributes to the success the leaders have
met with in their efforts to win tho flag.
No other team in ¦ the league can raako
tha same boast.
The vast army of southpaws that In
vaded the league at the beginning of thv»
season is rapidly beginning to thin out.
At the opening of the race there were
seven south-mitters doing stunts. Of
this number only two remain— Cristall
and Meredith— the rest having either
jumped or been released. Strangely
enough, the two remaining lads, are th'n
only ones who seemed to possess gooi
serse, as tho rest of the bunch wera
wrcng in some way or other.
Jim Morley's movements in the Eastern
titles will bo watched with interest by
local admirers of the national game. Mor
ley was determined when he left to have
revenge on Connie Mack for enticing tho
only Rube from the balmy climos of Lns
Angeles. Mack is likely to be shy a few
stars when Morley begins to hanii out
his flattering offers. . .
Will Compete in Seventh
. Annual Renewal of the
Ladies' Day Rich Stake
ALTHOUGH at one time fears were
expressed that the "senior barge
race, the most important event at
the annual rowing regatta of the
Pacific Association, might fall through
owing to a "paucity of entries, it now
seems certain, there will be three or lour
crews to face the starter.
The Alameda "Spiders" .will strain
every nerve to retain the championship
which they have held so long. The South
End Rowing Club has made up a senior
crew, consisting of James Pallas, bow;
E. M. Cashman, No. 2; Joseph Lyons, No.
3, and J. E. Scully, stroke. Albert Son
nenberg will probably be the cockswain.
Though the" crew has not' had a long
period. of practice, it is going out every
night and expects to .be in good trim.
The Portland^ Rowing Club four will tako^
part in the~"senior barge race and the'
Ariel intermediate crew will also enter
in the senior class.
The Ariel intermediate crew has been
practicing regularly under the coaching
of Leander Stevenson, the use of the
South End Club's- quarters having been
kindly accorded to the wearers of the
royal blue and white. The Intermediate
four Is made up ,of Alexander Keegan,
bow; Edwin Smith, No. 2; E. J. Lynch,
No. 3: Charles Wilson; stroke, and E.
Flanders, cockswain. Flanders will also
steer the junior crew, consisting of Ed-*
ward Murphy, . bow; Matt Brady, No. 2;
W. McKee, No. 3, and H. Thompson,
3troke. is.;"/.*;-' IV?
The Dolphin Boating Club will nave
junior and intermediate crews in the
Lake Merritt regatta. The intermediate
crew Is made up of F. W. Woerner, low;
C. M. Farrell, No. 2; W. O. Patch, No. 3;
T. J. Kennedy, 'Stroke, and W. Carroll,
cockswain. The junior four has the same
cockswain, and Is manned by J. Relmers,
bow; W. Harris, No. 2; T. Harris, No. 3.
and T. R. DlxOn, stroke. Alexander W.
Pane will pull In the senior shell race
and George Baker and F. J. Sherry in
the. senior outrigged skiff event.
The Alameda Boat Club will have sen
ior, Intermediate and junior barge crews,
as well as representatives in the senior
and -junior outrigged skiff races. The
crews have been training regularly and
are in good condition. F. W. Ayers rows
stroke of the senior four, setting the
short, rapid stroke for which the Al
ameda crews have becomo known. As
the course is only a mile distant of the
mile-and-a-half. which the championship
course has been supposed to be in pre
vious regattas, the short stroke is likely
to be even more effective than usual. The
intermediate crew has been coached by
Sidney Pollard. The junior crew is light,
but strong. In the senior outrigged skiff
race the Alameda entries will be E. B.
Thanlng and John Lewis. In the junior
Bkiff event Harry Dumont and Jamea
Lewis will be the representatives from
the creek.
The Olympic Club men arj training un
der unusually advantageous circum
stances, as they are living at Belvedere
and going out every night, for practice,
besides taking a quick run on the road
in the morning. W. B. Goodwin, who in
previous seasons has devoted much pains
to coaching the crews of the University
of California, is taking the Olympic four
in hand. If the crew can profit by his
coaching it will make a uangerous -om
petltor in -the Junior barge race.
The South End Rowing Club, in addi
tion to Its senior barge crew, has junior
and intermediate fours in training. The
junior crew Is made up of Dr. C. 0. Den
nis, bow; E. Wolf, No. 2; James P. Foley
No. 3, and Frank Baker, stroke. The
intermediate four consists of Frank Pal
las, bow; Matt Harris, No. 2; Sam Ber
ger, No. 3, and Edward Pallas, stroke.
John T. Sullivan, formerly a well known
member of the Pioneer Rowing Club and
an adept in the outrigged skiff, has been
elected a member of the South Ends
The South. End Rowing Club will short
ly hold its semi-annual election of offi
cers. The following nominations have
been made: For president, W. H idead
vice president, T. Grannan; treasurer'
Joseph O'Dea; financial secretarv James
P. Foley, recording secretary." Joseph
Foley; captain, J. E. Scully; vice cap
tain. Matt Harris and James Pallas The
nominees will be voted on at thfc next
meeting of th.e club, which will be heid
on Wednesday evening, July 2
v The Stockton Athletic Association will
send a barge crew and a single sculler
for the regatta on Lake Merritt. The
barge crew is made up of S. Breeze bow
E. Hlguera. No. 2; J* Tons, No' 3- R*
Chipman, captain and stroke, and J Hell'
ly; cockswain. They are a heavy "crew
the men averaging 171 pounds. Thev
have been coached by J. Foley Each
evening the crew rows flve or six mile3
on the Stockton slough. They are usinsr
the boat in which the Stockton ''Gianta"
covered a mile-and-a-half course in 8-77
on Admission day, 1S97. They pull a lone
stroke, thirty to the minute. Though I
comparatively slow - stroke, W ell nuilpri
through, with good catch at ilia bec-ln
nlng, and a clean finish, is certainly far
superior over a long course, a crew thnt
is thoroughly well together, as the Al
ameda senior crew • has - been for som«>
years- past, .can make great speed with a
short, quick, bucketing stroke that no
crew could keep f up over a four-mile
course without going to pieces. As. tha
Lake Merritt course will probably bp n
scant mile. It is 'extremely doubtful
whether a crew, rowing 30 strokes to the
minute, can catch the Alomeda men -whW
will jump. off with the lead, uulSnJ'fram
40 to 45 strokes to the minute and S
ing time. . v
Six Clubs Will Ssnd Well-
Trained Teams to Start in
the Junior Barge Event
CHAMPION DOGS
BEING TRAINED
FOR COURSING
Unusual- Activity' Is Prevalent
About All the Boathouses
in and Near, San Francisco
MANY CREWS
TRAINING FOR
THE REGATTA
THE race for the much wanted fla«
in the California Baseball Leaguo
goes merrily on without any_chang'.»
in the material standing of' the
clubs. Oakland is still a head; liner and
will remain so for-at least a month or six
weeks to. come. When the expected rew
blQGd is. infused into the San Francisco^
and the Los Angeles team there la likely
to be a new leader in the race.
The most Interesting fight. 13 th». ono
San "Francisco and Los Angeles are mak
ing for second honors^ The Ponies head
ed off the Angels last week, but are back
in third place again. Still a game won or
lrst by cither team makes a big differ
ence. Neither side has much advantage
at oresent.
Schmidt is the leading pitcher ct tho
league as far as games won count. Ho
has won sixteen and lost but four. Hod
sen, Moskiman, Glendon and Cristall are
ail tied for second honors. Thomas has
pitched good ball, but the hard luck ho
has encountered kept him from increas
ing his average. Pool old Pete . Dowlln,?
had the star record for the number o*
games lost considering the number he
pitched. The following table- shows the
standing of all the league's pitchers whu
have figured In at least flve battles:
Cristall and Meredith Are
Now the , Only Southpaws
Who Have Been Faithful
Oakland Twirler Has Lost
But Four Games Out or
Twenty He Has Played
HENRY SCHMIDT
LEADS LEAGUE
AS A PITCHER
T^RANCIS S. GEDDES, of the Lurlinc Swimming Club, Jias
Jl gained a national reputation owing to his marvelous ability
and daring in diving' from great' heights.
His record dive was from the top of a pile-driver into the
Stockton channel, a hundred feet below. On. another occasion he
dived from the bridge which spans . the Sacramento River at Red
Bluff. The descent here was seventy feet. On two occasions he per
formed at Astoria regatta, diving
into the Columbia River from pile
drivers ranging in height from
sixty to eighty feet.
. In addition to his ability as. a\
high diver Geddes is also clever
at fancy diving from a trapeze
or a springboard. These'., trick
dives are covered by the technical'
Terms: back dives, "one and a
halfs," the dive so clearly, shown'
in the illustration; handstand .
somersaults, gaynors and half
gaynors. Geddes is an amateur,
gaining his livelihood from other
sources of commercial activity.
He has had ..many offers,' from
circus men and from other amuse
ment promoters. * In order to per
fect himself in his various feats •
of daring and fancy diving,'
Geddes practices regularly at the
Lurline Baths.
DIVER GEDDES PERFORMS MARVELOUS FEATS AT DIZZY HEIGHT
CORINTHIANS
TO HAND OVER
COVETED CUP
PONIATOWSKI
CUP ATTRACTS
LADY GOLFERS
Visiting Yachtsmen Will Be
Entertained Informally at
the Sausalito Clubhouse
Mrs. Brown. and Mrs. Scott
to Compete for Ownership
of the Valuable Trophy
San Rafael Golfers Will
Play . Handicap Contest
on Their Links oji July £
To-Morrow San Francisco
Tars Will Escort Their
Guests to Tiburon Cove
"California Golf," the first issues of
which were brought out by John Duncan
Dunn, is being puDlished by H. M. Grind
lay at Los Angeles. The June issue con
tains an Interesting article by Walter
Fairbanks, the amateur champion of
Southern California* on "Brilliancy in
Golf. in this he contends that an essen
tial point in every first-class golfer's play
is his power of recovery when badly
bunkered or in long grass off the course.
These remarks will be read with the more
interest because "Walter Fairbanks him
self has often been described as a steady
but not a brilliant golfer.
The controversy about the merits of the
Haskell ball is still going on, especially in
Great Britain, where the best golfers were
at first almost unanimous against it.
Both the winner land the runner-up in the
British amateur championship used it
throughout the competition. It is said
that hard, long drivers gain no advantage
from it, but that all golfers can get a
longer shot, off an Iron club with the Has
kell than -with the ordinary "guttle."
Just why this is so is not clear. If a still
more improved ball should enable golfers
to drive thirty or forty yards farther than
at present, the golf courses now In exist
ence would have to b« laid out afresh. To
avert so serious a matter and to put all
players on a level as regards the imple
ments of the game, it may become neces
sary to adopt a standard ball, aa is done
in baseball, cricket or billiards-
There will probably, be a handicap tour
nament on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club on the Fourth, but no definite
announcement has yet been made. On
Saturday, July 5, on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club, there will be a competi
tion over eighteen holes beginning at 9:30
a. m. for women and at 1:30 p. m. for
men.
ON July 4 on the golf links of the
Burlingame County Club the fourth
annual contest for the Poniatowski
cup for women will be held, play
beginning at 10:30 In the morning.
All .three ladles who have previously
won one of the contests for the trophy are
living near San Franc.isco. These are
Mrs. George Doubleday.who won the first
tfmtest In 1S99, when she was Miss Alice
Moffltt; Mrs. Laurance I. Scott, who was
Miss Caro Crockett when she proved vic
torious, in 1900, and Mrs. R. Gilman Brown,
the winner last year. It is understood
Mrs. Doubleday will not compete. Mrs.
R. . Gilman Brown and Mrs. Laurance I.
Scott will be the principal competitors, as
they were in last year's contest. If
either wins, Jhe trophy will become her
permanent property. Each year the con
test has taken place there has been talk of
Mrs. J. W. Bowers, Mrs. J. D. Foster and
other strong golfers coming up from
Southern California to try for the cup, but
jione of them has ever appeared. This
year is not likely to bring out any.ex
cept the local golfers, members of the
San Francisco, Oakland, Burlingame or
San Rafael clubs.
G. Cunningham and H. Cory vs. W. Fisher
and J. I>. Mahoney: G. B. Hay ward and J. P
Duffy vs. CharleB Barry and F. P. Haynes;
J. Condon and A. Collins vs. Dr. R. Longer
back and E. J. Murphy: W. Collins and W.
Canovan vs. T. J. Lydon and Dr. F. Stopff;
Dr. N. B. Wachhorst and Dr. Orr vs. James
HSnley and J. Griffen; G. Kelly and J. Ken
nealy vs. C. Johnson and V. Hayes; T. Cooney
and F. Robertson vs. S. O'Neill and E. J.
Morgan.
The members of Occidental Athletic
Clufc will meet in handball, matches to
morrow as follows:
Handball Matches.
The Oakland Canoe Club will hold an
open day at its quarters on Sessions Ba
t-in on July 4. There will be races for the
Holiday cup and Mayrisch badge, cruises
en the creek in sloops, a reception and
U:ncheon In the clubhouse and a dance of
&i£ht.
. As July 4 comes on a Friday it Is ex
pected the following day will be declared
a public holiday. In this case many of
the yachtsmen will take advantage of the
opportunity for a three days' cruise. Sev
eral of the San. Francisco and Corinthian
fleet will sail up to Kapa on the Fourth,
returning to Vallejo on the Saturday and
to their moorings at Tiburon or Sausalito
on Sunday, July 6.
The California Tacht Club will hold the
annual race for the Wallace trophy on
Jfly 4, the course being from narrow
gauge mole to and around Presidio shoal
buoy, leaving it on the port hand; thence
lo the finish across the starting line off
the mole. The course- is officially reck
oned at twelve nautical miles. The start
will be at the fire of a single gun in each
clas^ The regatta will be under the man
agement of the regatta committee, con
sisting of August R. F. Brandes, Charles
A. Loring and W. H. Williamson.
The Corinthian yachts Speedwell. Fre
ca, Genesta, Neptune and Amigo returned
last Saturday from the cruise up the Sac
ramento River, coming down as far as
Paradise Cove, whence they returned to
Tiburon last Sunday. Commodore E. F.
S=ag-ar, in the flagship Edna, accompanied
by the sloops Fleetwing, Cupid and Josie,
cruised up to McNears Landing last Sat
urday, returning to Tiburon next day.
The 6loop Speedwell, after returning to
Tiburen, started on a second trip up the
river, T. Jennings joining her at Court
land. The Elcops Speedwell, Genesta. and
ethers will cruise up' to Napa City during
the Independenece day holiday.
At a meeting cf the subscribers to the
fund for building the racing yacht The
Challenger, held at the Merchants' Ex
change on Wednesday evening, it was
shown that the total cost of constructing
fend iitting her for the Perpetual cup race
was $2463, and that the actual amount re
ceived m subscriptions was $1725. Some
cf the members suggested that the yacht
should be owned by the club and kept for
the use of members, but this was decided
to be impracticable and certain to result
in the rapid deterioration of the boat It
was determined that W. G. Morrow, the
most prominent member of the syndicate
that built and owns the boat, should re
eijrn from the syndicate, and that his bid,
being the highest offer made for the boat,
ehould be accepted. All claims against
the boat, including the sum advanced by
Jj.ir.es Kitterman, will be paid off, and
the balance will be divided pro rata
tiinong the subscribers.
clubs for to-day has been aban
doned. The Corinthians will. Instead, sail
over to Sausallto for the .purpose of for
mally handing over the Perpetual Chal
lenge cup to the winners of the race
tailed on May 21 last.
The officers and many of the members
of Ran Francisco Tacht Club will be on
hand to receive the visiting yachtsmen,
and an informal Jinks, with light refresh
ments, will be given in the main hall.
William Mersfelder and others are pre
paring for the entertainment of the visit
ors. The Corinthian yachts ¦will anchor
off the Eausallto water front for the night
and to-morrow the San Francisco yachts
¦will cruise with the visiting craft and will
escort them to their moorings at Tiburon.
The California fieejt will cruise to Val
lejo to-night to meet the yachts returning
I rcm the trip up the Sacramento River.
The sloop Pactolus, after accompanying
the Corinthian fleet in the river cruise
last week, has been up the Sacramento
again this week with the California Club
boats.
A CRUISE to McNears Landing set
down on the schedules of the San
Francisco and Corinthian yacht
-KINETOSCOPE PICTURES OF FRANCIS S. GEDDES, SHOWING VA
RIOUS ATTITUDES CLEVER DIVER ASSUMES WHILE PERFORM
ING ONE OF THE FEATS WHICH HAS GIVEN HIM AJtEPUTATION;
CITY AND SAN JOSE '
AUTOS 9 TO RENDEZVOUS
UNION IRON WORKERS ...('¦
FORM CRICKET ELEVEN
To-morrow being an open' day In the
schedule of the California Cricket Asso
ciation, a match lias been arranged be
tween an eleven of the Pacific Cricket,
Club, captained by H. C. Casidy, and a
team made up by B. Kortlang of employes
of the Union Iron Works. The Pacific
representatives will be H. C. Casidy, F.
Bennion, H. M. Storrs, E..H. M. Lannowe,
D. Jamleson, W. Jamleson, T. J. A. Tiede
roan, V. P Sollom, O E. Chandler, T. W.
Tetley and. Dr. G. W. Birdsall. This Is
not a strong team, but the men from the
Union Iron Works are almost entirely out
of practice, except their captain B. Kort
lang, who is . the. best local bowler.
On the. Fourth the Pacific eleven will
journey to Santa Cruz, where it will play
its,' second match of the present season
against the team of the Santa Cruz Coun
try Club cricket club. .
With a Potrero Team Captained
by Bowler \Kortlang.
Pacific Men Will Try Conclusions
The grand opera artists engagedf by
Manager Leahy on his recent trip to Italy
for the coming season of opera at the
Tivoli, left Naples on; the 23d inst. on the
steamer Liguria. They comprise some of
the most famous people now on the lyric
stage, a-nuraber having world-wide repu
tations. A special car will bear them to
San Francisco, where they are expected to
arrive about July 15. The Tivoli season
opens on July 28. ' . v
Tivoli Singers Coming.
B won. Honest John second, Sandow third.
Time, :55%. .
' Fourth race, aeven' furlongs— The Four Hun
dred won. Sol second.- Preetonlan. third. Time.
1:3214. ¦ -....--¦. ¦ -.. .
. Fifth race, six furlongs — Laureate, won, No
via second, Vlrgie d'Or third. Time, l:16Vi.
Sixth race, flve and a half furlongs — Cora
Havllwon, Urchin second, Ellis Glenn third
,TUn«,:l:Q9. . ¦ ¦ -. . '
The Automobile Club of California has
received an invitation to meet the San
Jose Automobile Club at Mission San Jose
to-morrow. The invitation has been ac
cepted.. ,
The grounds of the PalmdaJe Company,
known as the Gallegos place, at Mission
San Jose, have been offered aa a rendez
vous. The committee In charge of the run
from San Francisco will be E. P. Brine-'
gar. E. Courtney Ford • and George F.
Whitney, the last named being ' captain.
Automobillsts starting from San Francis
co will take the 9 a. m. Creek ferryboat.'
Those who start from Oakland are re
quested to meet them on the arrival of the
boat at the wharf.* A. start wlll.be made
at 10 o'clock. The distance to Mission San
Jose is twenty-six miles. Supplies of gas
oline . will be provided at the rendezvous.
The latest Creek ferryboat leaves Oaklard
at 4 p. m., after which there is no other
boat available until the regular ferryboat
starting from the end of the Oakland
mole at 8:30 p. m. Members of the Auto
mobile Club who expect to attend the out-
Ing are requested to. Inform. the president
by postal card, though failure to do so
need not prevent them from taking the
trip.
San Jose.
Chauffeurs From San Francisco and
\ Oakland to Bun to Mission
; The members of. Brooklyn Athletic Club
¦will hold their sixth annual picnic" to
morrow at Glenwood Park/- near; Santa
Athletes Will:? Picnic.
Fourth race, elx and a half furlongs— Porous '
*.°"v eecond ' Frank B th lrd- Time":
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs Sultel
tna won. Eabinal second, Phyz third/ Time
Z*tfi*;4 . , ¦ *
Sixth race, one mile— Duke of York II won
Fylvan Iass second. El Mldo third. Time,'
DENVER, June 27.— Results at " Overland ;i
The track was fast but a high wind was blow
rirst race, trotting— Ed Wlnship won in
three straight heats. Time,.2:16i4. 2fl5'2-16'i
George SI, Viometa, Athoodaad Eaxleen also
started. • . - ¦: . ¦ . .. ¦*. •
Second race, elx fnrlonrs— Billy Moor* won.
Yellowstone Becond. G. H. Xetcaam third.
jptdrd r&ce, taar-mxxa a hair rnrto»s»— ciaealaJ
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Roxane
«on. Old England second. Yankee third. Time
1 39.
fifth race, selling, elx and a half furlongs
Irritable won. Lady Holyrood second. Operator
third. Time. 1 :'M.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, on turf
Fister Juliet won, Roehampton second Kallf
third. Time. 1:A8 4-5.
FT. LOUIS, June 27. — Fair Grounds results-
First race, five furlongs, selling— Wolfram
won. Maverick, second, 3en Lear third. Time
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Branch
«on, Macon second, Tennison third. Time,
Third race, mile and twenty yards, selling
Ida Ledford won, Potheen second Chanterelle
third. Time. 1:4S>%.
Fourth race, six furlong* — Fitzkanet won
Lady Strithmore second, Frank Bell third'
Tiir.e, 1 :17.
Fif Lh race, six furlongs— Tom Collins won
Tency Belle second. S<>a Rover, third. Time,
Sixth race, rcile and a quarter — Wall won
Jim Winn Becond. Ignis third. Time, 2:15%.
BUFFALO. N. Y., June 27.— Fort Erie re
eults: ...
First race, seven and a half furlongs John
nie McCarthy won. Uttle Lois second Curtsey
third. Time, • 1 :38.
Second racr, four and a half furlongs— Annie
Beall won, Lome second. Tommy Knight third.
Time, :57?i.
Third race, one mile — Dueassa won. The
Way eecond. Luteefondo' third. Time 1 -43
Fourth race six furlongs— Alea wonl Oconee
second, St. Sydney third. Time 1-lg ,
Fifth race five furlongs— Sir Gallant won,
Melbourne Ellipse second. Spring-brook third!
Time, 1:C3*4. •
Sixth race, seven furlongs— BafHed won
K 15F • Pet cecond . All Saints third. Time'
eu?t" ICAG0 ' JUI " 27 -— Was Wn&ton Park' re-
T'rst race five end a half furlongs — Our
S3& iwL H T?me C^r^r ~«»^ "«*"—'
Second race.- one mile— Marque -won, Branr
second. Hunter Ralne third. Time 1-42 3 5
Third race, seven furlongs— Articulate won.
Rolling Boer second. Jack liatUin third. Time
Fourth race,. mil. end a sixteenth, selling—
Tammany Chief won, Wayward Hunter sec
ond. Ben Chance third. Time. lTso
Fifth race, five furlongs — Sir Gallant won
Ed Austin seconi, C. B. Campbell third Time*
Sixth race, cilla-and a sixteenth celling
Marshal Neil won. J. V. Klrby second Cher
ithed third. Time, "1:49. 1-5. 6econa . Cnei-
BUTTE. Mont.; June 27— Euciman- •
First race, nve and a half furlongs— Winne
±s* syjs© 8ec r-:- Bm Bohm - s -
Second race, six furlongs— Lucia Barbour
Won, Syce second. Resin third. Time 1-ifiU
Third race, live and a half furlongs^-Rublno
won._ Castiae second. Our Lizzie third. Time
3 lOO *¦£ . *
NEW YORK. June 27.— Sheepehead Bay re
eulu:
FJrat race, last five furlough of Futurity
course, ecllinc — Gloriosa won. Sparks Ether
second. Ithlan third. Time, 1:01.
Second race, one mile — Remorse won.
Dachshund second. Cuspidor third. Time, 1:42.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— River
Plrbte won, A thai second. Colonel Tyler third
Time. 1:07 4-B.
Record of Winners on Some of the
Well-Known" Tracks.
BACES I2T THE EAST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SATURDAY, eTITNE 28, 1902.
4
o
:' - »
¦
P "
3
i
O
2-
* I . _ I
Schmidt, Oakland '. 20
Hodson, Oakland............ 12
Glendon, San Francisco.... 1-
ilc3kiman. Oakland U
Whalen, San Kranclsco 1»
"Waddell, Loa Aaseles 19
McPartlin, Los Angeles.... 15
Meredith, San Francisco.... 14
Kane, San Francisco 15
Jones, Loa Angeles 15
Slagel. Lea Angeles 6
Cutter. Sacramento 6
Thomas, Sacramento ¦. 17
Dowllnjj. Sacramento 1»
Doyle. Sacramento 7
IK 4
¦8 4 |
8 4 t
« 3 I
S \
¦?| ?
tf 9
6 10
2 4
2 ¦ 4
4 13
"¦* 15
1 G
|.6W
|.«W7
I.6'i7
l.esr
.6;>i!
.tiO<»
• 50<J
. tiii i
.375
.211
.1«
o
:' - »
¦
P "
3
i
O
2-
* I . _ I
Schmidt, Oakland '. 20
Hodson, Oakland............ 12
Glendon, San Francisco.... 1-
ilc3kiman. Oakland U
Whalen, San Kranclsco 1»
"Waddell, Loa Aaseles 19
McPartlin, Los Angeles.... 15
Meredith, San Francisco.... 14
Kane, San Francisco 15
Jones, Loa Angeles 15
Slagel. Lea Angeles 6
Cutter. Sacramento 6
Thomas, Sacramento ¦. 17
Dowllnjj. Sacramento 1»
Doyle. Sacramento 7
IK 4
¦8 4 |
8 4 t
« 3 I
S \
¦?| ?
tf 9
6 10
2 4
2 ¦ 4
4 13
"¦* 15
1 G
|.6W
|.«W7
I.6'i7
l.esr
.6;>i!
.tiO<»
• 50<J
. tiii i
.375
.211
.1«? TACOMA, June 27.— According, to the new
directory Just issued, ; the peculation of Ta
coma is G5,40f>, a gain of 6000 over 1901. •
SUES TO RECOVER LOAN.— Fannie C. Cur
tis brought suit yesterday to recover $2605 from
Fannie M. Austin. She claims she loaned that
sum' to Mrs. Austin within the last two years.
BRBGENZ, Austria, June 27.— Knyff
was the first of the contestants in the au
tomobile race from Champigny, near
Paris, to reach here. He . came in at 3:42
p. m. H. Farman was second, ; M. Far
man third and Edge was fourth.
Knyff Wins the "Auto" Race.
ROME, June 27.— Mgr. R. Sans de Sam
per,' the member of , the Pope^s household
who .was sent to Mexico three months ago
with instructions to .endeavor to re-estab
lish diplomatic relations between that re
public and the Vatican, says that he has
been successful in his mission.
Pope's Delegate Is Successful.
AN INSOLVENT TEAMSTER.— Robert
O'Day. a teamster reeldln* in this city, filed a
petition In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $431- and has
no aes«ts.
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— Manager
Morley of the Los Angeles baseball club
telegraphed from Chicago to-night that
he had signed Winnie Mercer, the crack
pitcher of the Detroit American League
Club, to take the place of "Rube" Wad
dell, who "jumped" to Philadelphia. .
Morley Signs Pitcher Mercer.
LOS ANGELES; June 27.— Charles Hill
appears to have told the truth when he
said to the nurses in the Good Samaritan
Hospital that. he had no relatives arid no'
friends in the world. Thus far no one
who appears to have a genuine claim to
the $142,000 which he left has come for
ward. . -.; ;
No Heirs to Hill's Estate.
The Union Gun Club will hold a live
bird shoot at the Ingleside trapshooting
grounds to-morrow, commencing at 10 a.
m. A fine programme has been arranged.
There will be six events and two or three
special shoots if the time allows.
The Millwood Gun Club will hold Its
grand meeting and dinner at Manzanlta
to-morrow. The event will be for the Orr
cup and will be a notable occasion in lo
cal shooting circles.
Gun Club Meetings.
PARIS, June 27.— At a Cabinet meeting
held at the Elysee palace this morning
President Loubet signed a decree closing
the religious Institutions which have not
complied with the, provisions of the law
of associations. One hundred and thirty
establishments are involved. Instructions
on the subject were sent to the various
prefectures this afternoon.
Religious Institutions Must Close.
. QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 27— Stmr
Campania, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. ... ..
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 27— Strnr Patri
cia,' from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and . proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived . June 27— Strnr Luca
nia, from Liverpool j and Queenstown.
' AUCKLAND— Sailed June 27. 3 p m— Stmr
Ventura, from Sydney, NSW, for Pago Pago.
Honolulu and San Francisco.
LIZARD — Passed June 27— Stmr Southwark.
from New York, for Antwern.
MO VILLE— Sailed June 27 — Stmr Anchorla,
for New York.' . . .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I Sailed June 27— Br stmr AoranEl. for Syd
ney; Br'stmr Victoria, for Dutch Harbor; stmr
Victoria, for. Honzkons. •
.VICTORIA, B C— Arrived June 27— Stmr Ta
coma, from Hongkong; 8tmr City of Puebla,
hence "June 25; Br. stmr Oceano, from Astoria.
Schr W H- Mar^ton, from Honolulu.'
Schr Lizzie Vance, from Portland, Or.
. - ¦" FOREIGN PORT.
I«ate Shipping Intelligence.
Iaqua, Gunderson, Columbia River.
. OUTSIDE BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
There was a large attendance last night
In Excelsior Hair to enjoy a novel enter
tainment given by Mission Rebekah
Lodge entitled "A Night in Mexico." The
majority of the members attended in
Mexican costumes, the music was Mexi
can and there were Mexican songs and
music. The refreshments were such as
are served in Mexico. Toward' the close
cf the evening the dancing: changed to the
modern style and was kept up until mid
night.
As Night in Mexico.
The third swimmer, Cox, was familiar
with the power of the current and al
lowed himself to be carried out beyond
the breakers, where he was rescued in a
half-drowned condition. ,
The three men were overcome by the
heavy breakers and strong -undertow and
¦were carried out to sea from the shallow
water where they were swimming. Long
and his companion attempted to battle
with the tide and make the shore, but
were soon • exhausted. Long i was dead
when . the boatmen reached him, and
Haysllp was beyond the possibility of re-
Kutcitatlon. .:.« -..,
LONG BEACH, June 27.— Howard Long,
aged 20, son of J. M. Long of Phoenix,
Ariz., and E. E. Haysllp were drowned
off the Long Beach wharf 'while swim
ming late this afternoon. J. J. Cox, a
restaurant-keeper of Long Beach, who
was with the two, was rescued by boat
men .' when exhausted and " partially
strangled. •
Undertow and Carried Out
to Sea.
Overcome by Breakers and Strong
TWO SWIMMERS PERISH
IN IX>NG BEACH SURF
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— P. L. Turner
of Bisbeey Ariz., where he is said to own
valuable 'mining interests, died at Avalon,
Santa Catalina Island, to-day, under pecu
liar, circumstances. With his wife he ar
rived there to-day and went Into camp.
In the afternoon the couple went rowing.
After an hour on the water they were re
turning, and as they neared the shore
Turner arose in the boat and fell back
ward into the water. His wife extended
an oar . toward him, but apparently he
was unconscious. and paid no heed' to it.
His body was recovered within a few min
utes, but although - skilled physicians
worked over It for an hour .and a half,
applying every known remedy, no signs of
life could be detected. It is -thought he
may have been attacked by heart failure.
Peculiar Death at Avalon.
The San Francisco councils of the
Young Men's Institute will hold a picnic
on July 4 at Sunset Park in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. All arrangements have
been completed and the board of manage
ment, under whose direction the affair
will be conducted, will care for the com
fort of all who attend. Boats will leave
the narrow-gauge ferry at 9 a. m. The
usual games and exercises will be a fea
ture of the excursion and an excellent
band has been engaged to accompany the
excursionists.
Young Men's Institute Outing.
La Parfaite Union No. 17, the French
subordinate of the Free and Accepted
Masons of this city, gave a musical and
literary entertainment in its lodgeroom
in Masonic Temple last night. A large
number of prominent members of th«
French colony attended. The principal
feature of the evening was an Interest
ing lecture in the French language by
Past Master C. I* P. Marais on /French
Masonry. It was a carefully prepared
history of the origin of Masonry In
France and its ramifications throughout
the world.
Lecture on French Masonry.
SACRAMENTO, June 27.— Whalen's su
perb delivery was too much for the Sena
tors in to-day's game and t..e best they
could get was one hit in the first inning
and another in the last. In consequence
it was a two-hit shut-out for Whalen.
Steffani, who pitched for the Senators,
Hits and No Runs.
Iiet3,the Senators Down With Two
WHALEN'S DAY TO SHINE.
the Tennis Tournament.
PHILADELPHIA, June 27.-The featara
of to-day's play In the women's champion
ship lawn tennis tournament was th*
final singles between Miss Jones of Ne
vada and Miss Neely of Chicago. Con
trary to expectations, Miss Neely quickly
gained the advantage and was within one
point of securing the first set, but Miss
Jones by brilliant and masterful handling
of the racquet won the match in straight
sets. In the two games Miss Jones scored
seventy-eight points against seventy-two
scored by Miss Neely. Miss Jones will to
morrow meet Miss B. Moore, the present
champion, for the title. Summary:
Women's singles, final— Miss Jones beat
Miss Neely, 8-6. 6-4.
Consolation singles, final— Mia Banks
beat Miss Steel. 6-4, 6-2.
Women's doubles, consolation. final-
Miss Eastall and Miss Chapman beat Miss
G. F. Jones and Miss Banks, 6-2, 6-2.
Men's singles, final — W. C. Grant va J
C. Carpenter, 6-8, 8-6, 7-7 (not finished).
Miss Jones Does Brilliant Work fax
NEVADA GIRL WINS.
PARIS, June 27.— Judge Leicester
Holme, honorary, secretary of the Paris
auxiliary, to the McKinley National Me
morial Association, has just transmitted
to the secretary of the association a re
markable report covering the transactions
of his branch from the inception .of the
work to its close on the 1st inst. ; The
ccntributors to the Paris fund were, with
a few exceptions, Americans now living
in France. . The individual subscriptions
varied in amount from 1000 to 5000 fr.ancsr,
the only donation of'the last named sum
being made by Frank L. Gardner. ' Jo
seph A. Bailey, the circus man, gave 1000
francs. Embassador Porter and Consul
General Goudy were also large contribu
tors. Only six States in the Union Lave
so far contributed as much as Judge
Holme secured from the American colony
in the French capital.
Judge Holme, whose -wholly gratuitous
efforts brought about this striking result,
13 a retired New Yorker. He was the
predecessor of Judge Augustus Van
w yck as Judge of the City Court of New
York,- but left the -bench a number of
years ago and has since lived thu life of
a true dilettante In his beautiful residence
in the Bols de Boulogne.
Kinley Memorial.
Money Obtained for the Mc-
Remarkable Report .on Amount of
AMERICANS IN FRANCE
GIVE ABUNDANT- COIN
Judge Hhodes holds that the act of Mrs.
Yoell in receiving $2500 a few days before
petitioning to be declared insolvent and
paying certain creditors, of which she
made no mention in her petition, was
one of fraud and preference under the
insolvent act. The creditors will attempt
to collect from the property Mrs. Yoell
now owns. .
Shortly after her discharge as an in
solvent debtor Mrs. Y.oell became the
owner of one-half of the property held
by her husband, which it seems was com
munity property and which was valued at
$200,000.
Four days after the dismissal of the
suit for divorce Mrs. Yoell filed a peti
tion to be declared insolvent. The sched
ule snowed that she owed bills amounting
to about $25,000 and had no assets. Sha
made no mention of the receipt of the
$25w or the payment of certain creditors.
' SAN JOSE, June 27.— The discharge* of
Insolvency of Mrs. Emily C. Yoell, wife
of J. Alexander Yoell/ & pioneer lawyer
and capitalist, was set aside by Judge
Rhodes this morning, and creditors now
have a good chance to o'btain a portion of
the $200,000 which it is alleged she re
ceived from her husband. Mrs. Yoell
commenced a divorce suit on the ground
of cruelty in April, 1897. The Yoells fin
ally settled their differences and the case
was dismissed a few months later on the
agreement of Yoell to pay his wife $5000,
of which she was to receive $2500 on the
day of dismissal. This $2500 was to be
applied on the claims of certain urgent
creditors.
charge of Insolvency of Mrs.
Emily C. Yoell.
San Jose Judge Sets Aside the Dis-
RULING OF THE COURT
FAVORS THE CREDITORS
Royal chief, John H. Mclnnes; chieftain
Alexander Strang; recorder, George Fullerton'
treasurer, John Ross; financial secretary, John
Swan; sergeant at arms, C. C. McGregor; prop
erty man, J. W. Davidson; trustees — William
Shepherd, Thomas' Christie and John C. Moore.
The ofHcers of the club are:
Selections on the bagpipes. Champion Ed
Roes; address, the Hon. Mayor Schmitz, spe
cialties. Miss Hazel Aubery; song-, '"Whistle
and I'll Come to You. My Lad," Miss Daisy
Kean; sword dance. Master d'Arcy William
son; barytone solo, "True Till Death." E. E.
M. Hibbert; Irish hornpipe. Miss Alma Bohn;
tenor solo, "The March of the Cameron Men,"
Robert Howden; the favorite contralto. Miss
Minnie puff, in her great singing specialty;
basso solo, William McDonald; musical sleigh
bells, "Annie Laurie," Miss Nellie B. Waters;
Knickerbocker Quartet; sailors' hornpipe, R.
Rintoul; "O, That We Two Were Maying"
(Ncrtn), Miss Rose Broderick; specialties, Ar
nold Grazer; tenor solo, Herbert Williams; top
boot dance. Anderson and Aubery; "Auld Lang
Syne," by the audience, under the leadership
of Robert Howden. ' Accompanist, C. H. Reed.
The Scottish Thistle Club of San Fran
cisco gave its twenty-first complimentary
musical and literary entertainment last
night at Metropolitan Temple. The hall
was crowded to the doors with an enthu
siastic audience. The numbers of the pro
gramme were well rendered and received.
They were as follows:
Fine Programme of Addresses
and Music.
San Francisco Thistle Club Presents
SCOTS ENTERTAIN AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
To-night the wind is blowing thirty,
miles an hour, but the Weather Bureau
states that it will veer to the west by
morning and produce clear weather fur
Saturday. The only damage reported in
Galveston was the burning out of fifteen
motor cars by the water getting into the
electric machinery.
The wind held steady from the south
west and reached a velocity of sixty- five
miles in one arid two minute gusts dur
ing the early portion of this morning.
The tide was pot dangerously high, being
but two feet above normal, but the
storm, which originated in the West Gulf
and passed on the land with its center
fully fifty miles west of Galveston, made
itself felt on the island.
GAL VESTON, June 27.-The wind and
rain storm which struck Galveston last
night continued with increased intensity
until this afternoon..
The caucus lasted only an hour and was
devoted to a discussion of the terms of
the foregoing resolution, which was
drawn up by Representative Jackson of
Kansas and presented by Representative
Grlggs of Georgia, chairman of the Dem
ocratic. Congressional Committee. A
number of speeches were made arraigning
the majority* in Congress and in support
of_a strong Democratic declaration, j Rep
resentative Richardson of Tennessee, the
Democratic floor leader, was among the
speakers. At the close of his speech the
resolutions were adopted unanimously.
"Fourth— We oppose the adjournment of
Congress until the measures mentioned
above have been enacted into law."
"Resolved, First, that we condemn the
Republican majority in Congress for their
failure to pass a measure providing reci
procity with Cuba. ' The bill wh^h passed
the House of Representatives was heart
ily supported by the Democratic minority
after the protection to the sugar trust
had been removed by a solid vote, aided
by a small minority of the Republican
members. As it passed the House, the bill
carried relief to Cuba, reduced the price
of sugar to American consumers and
struck a heavy blow at the notorious and
obnoxious trust. The refusal of the Re
publican Senators to consider this meas
ure unless the protection to the sugar
trust should be restored, gives evidence
that the President and Republican party
In Congress are willing to refuse relief to
Cuba and totally ignore American con
sumers rather than abandon their alliance
with the trusts. The failure of all reci
procity legislation with Cuba rests upon
the Republican administration, which is
willing to reduce the duty on the raw-pro
duct of our producers, but unwilling to
destroy the sugar monopoly.
"Second— That the Republican majority
in Congress Is dominated and controlled
by the trusts and monopolies which have
the industries of .our country in their
grasp, is shown by its action in passing
an anti-trust bill through the House of
Representatives of the Fifty-seventh
Congress in the closing hours of the ses
sion, the Senate refusing to consider. the
same as a subterfuge to tide over the
election of 1900. That bill has been aban
doned and they have ever since refused
and do now refuse and fall to brins in
any measure to suppress the trusts or to
favorably report any of the numerous
anti-trust bills introduced by Democratic
members during this Congress.
."Third— That we favor the passage of a
measure to amend the present anti-trust
law so as to more fully protect trade
and commerce against unlawful restraints
and monopolies, and also a measure to
reduce the duties on all articles and com
modities manufactured and controlled or
produced In the United States by a trust
or trusts, so as to destroy . such Illegal
ccmbinations and to reduce the rate of
duty on any article or commodity manu
factured in the United States and sold in
a foreign country more cheaply than in
the United States. '
WASHINGTON, June 27.— A caucus of
the Democratic members of the House
held to-day adopted the following resolu
tion:
A large increase is reported in the num
ber of deaths, both from injuries and from
diseases. The increases in the former
class were due largely to the battle at
Bayan, Mindanao, and in the latter class
to cholera.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— Surgeon Gen
eral Forwood has received a report from
Lieutenant Colonel C. L. Helsmann, chief
surgeon, division of the Philippines, in re
gard to the health of • the troops in the
archipelago for the month ended May 15
last. According to it, the percentage of
sick is at the lowest figure yet reached in
the division, 6.01 per cent, as . compared
with 6.24 per cent the previous month.
Thirty-Mile Gale Slightly
Reeaii^Old bis
• ¦ , -¦'¦'
aster.
Democrats in the House
Scord the Repub
licans. .
Report on Condition of
the Troops in the
Philippines.
Three-base hits— Whalen. Delmas. First base
on errors — Sacramento 2. San Francisco 3
First base 8n called balls— Off Steffani 2, off
\VhaIen 2. Left on bases— Sacramento 5, San
Francisco 8. Struck out— By Steffani 4, by
Whalen o. Hit by pitched ball— Nordyke. Dcl
mas. Double plays — Delmas to Nordyke. Time
of same — 1:5U Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 OOOOOOO 0—0
Base hits I 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Z
San Francisco S 001 0000 0 1
Ease hits 4 1 0 I 0 1 0 1 0— S
Totals 35 4 8 3 27 8.2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. If 3 0 1 0 0 O 1
Casey, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Eagan, lb 3 0 0 0 11 1 0
Sheehan, 3b .4 0 1 0 1 4 " 2
Unglaub, ss ...4 0 0 0 5 7 0
Strlcklett, cf 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Hogan. c 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
Wagner, rf 3 O 0 O 1 0 O
Steftam, p 3 o 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 30 0 2 0 27 18 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
, : * AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. lb 4 1 1 2 8 0 0-
Parrott, rf .5 t 2 0 0 0 1
Leahy, c 5 0 0 0 6 0 0
Shay, ss 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Shugart, 2b 3 1 0 1 5 0 0
McHale. If 3 0 1 0 2 O 0
Delmaa. cf ..3 1 2 0 3 1 O
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Whalen, p 4 0 2 0 0 40
STORM ROARS
AT GALVESTO N
LESS ILLNESS,
MORE DEATHS
MAJORITY GETS
THE CENSURE
Gate committee— Ike Holz (chairman), C.
McAulIffe, James Haedrlch and Charles See
burt.
Raffle committee — T. B. Mahoney (chairman),
I. C. Gross. W. H. Murphy. D. Cameron and
W. J. Hanekamc.
Floor committee — James Mulhern, J. H.
Kingston, L. Strasser, George Schnepple, F.
W. Fahrenholz. J. E. Welsh. H. M. Locke.
Thomas Mclntyre. H. H. Bishop, I. Springer,
C. W. Dunn. H. H. McGowan. C. A. Britain,
R. D. Barton and J. W. Bennett.
Games committee — R. M. Locke (chairman),
L. I. Marks, J. C. Murphy, Ed Long, J. J.
Larkey and Frank Tyrrell.
Floor manager — W. II. Barry: assistants — B.
F. Ames and George Ahrens.
Committee of arrangements — T. B. Mahoney,
chairman; I. p. Groas, vice chairman; J. J.
Hughes, secretary; L. K. Boivin, treasurer; W.
H. Barry. H. R. Hoffman. W. H. Murphy.
George Ahrens. B. F. Wlgginton. W. J. Hane
kamp and D. A. Cameron.
The various committees are as follows:
The letter carriers' picnic, which will
take place at Schuetzen Park to-morrow,
promises to be one of the most enjoyable
outdoor entertainments ever given by the
postmen. The committee of arrangements
has planned a good programme of ath
letic events, in addition to furnishing ex
cellent music for those who dance. There
will be no less than 600 gate, game and
raffle prizes distributed.
to Be an Enjoyable and Suc
cessful Affair.
Outing at Schuetzen Park Promises
I,ETTEB,-CARB,IEBS HEADY
FOR THEIR AUNTJAIi PICNIC
had some hard luck in the first innning,
but after that he was invincible, although
a bad error , by . Sheehan In the fourth
inning allowed another run to score.
Unglaub's work at shortstop was brilliant
and he handled his twelve chances with
out a skip. The score:
Catteries — Burke and Bowerman; "White and
Dooiu. Umpire — Ezrislie.
ST. LOUIS. June 27.— Yerkcs opened badly
In to-day's game between the St. Louis ami
Chicago teams and was relieved by Wicker.
The latter pitched well, but the Chicago lead
was too great to be overcome. Attendance,
1600. Score :
R. H. E.
St. Louis .';..... 4 12 3
Chicago 8 10 0
Batteries — Yerkes. Wicker and Ryan; Rhode*
and Kllng. Umpires — Powers and Brcoks.
BOSTON. June 27. — The Bostons pulled the
game out of the flre hy a batting rally in th«
seventh innins after they had apparently lost
the game by wretched fielding. A one-handed
stop by Long was a feature. Attendance. 1500.
Boston *.••.•••••••••««.. m \ m ••¦•• • w © H 9
Brooklyn 1 10 2
' Batteries— Hale, Willis and Klttredgo; Kit
son and Ahearn. Umpire — Cantillon.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE. June 27. — Winters was In fln»
shape to-day and easily enabled the Boston
American League club to win the first gam*
of its series with Baltimore. Attendance. 3100.
Hal timortu ••••••.»..•••.••••.••¦.. 3 % \
Boston 6 13 0
"Batteries — Howell and Bresnahan; Winters
and Warner.
CLEVELAND. June 27. — Moore lost the gam*
for Cleveland, forcing: the winning run in by
giving: Burkett a base on balls in the seventh.
Attendance, 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland l g t
St. Louis 2 T 1
Batteries— Moore and Bemls; Powell and
Donahue.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— Philadelphia won
to-day's game from Washington mainly througn
Wiltse's clever pitching at opportune times.
Manager Mack suspended Second Baseman Bon
ner for two weeks. Attendance, 31CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 2 6 1
Philadelphia 4 5 0
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Wlltse and
Schreck.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The third Inn
ing proved disastrous for Burke,
the New York pitcher. Dunn muff
ed Barry's fly and Philadelphia hit
safely seven times, scoring six runs. Tha
visitors could not solve White's cures. At
tendance. 1333. Score:
R. H. JC
New York 1 4u?X
Philadelphia T 12 1
Two-base hit — Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Jack
son. McCreedie, Dunleavy. First base on er
rors — Oakland 3. Los Angeles 2. First ba3e on
called balls — Off Hod3on 3, oft Hartwell 1.
Left on bases— r Oakland 5, Los Angeles 7.
Struck out — By Hodson S, by Hartwell 2. Hit
by pitcher — Dunleavy. Double rlays — Hartwell
to Anderson to Hanlon: Reilly to Hanlon; Mc-
Creedie to Lohman to Devereaux. Time of gamj
— 1:55.- Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b. 5 0 2 1 3 3 1
Lohman, c. ........ 4 0 0 0 " 3 4 0
Stretb. lb 4 1 1 1 12 0 1
McCreedie, rf. 3 1 2 1 3 1*0
Devereaux, 3b -4 3 3 1 4 4 O
Dunleavy, If 2 2 1 1 2 1 0
Francks, s. s." 4 110 0 2 1
Gorton, cf 3 1 2 0 0 0 0
Hodson, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 9 12 5 27 1» 3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. s 3 2 1 0 3 4 i
Lawler, rf. 5.1 2 02 0 1
Jackson. If . 4 0 2 0 0 1 0
Householder, cf. .... 4 0 O 0 2 2 0
Rf Illy. 3b 4 0 I 0 2 3 0
Raymer, 2b. 4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Anderson, c 4 0 '2 1 4 3 2
Hanlon, lb ...3 0 0 0 8 1 0
Hartwell. p 4 2 1 0 0 1 0
Totals ..' 35 5 10 1 24 18 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.'
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 .1 2 0 0 — T>
. Base hits 0 0 O O 1 5 2 2 0 — 10
Oakland 0 10 2 0 10 5 x — 9
: Base hits 0 2 0 3 1 2 0 4 x — 12 i
OAKLAND.
Both Reilly and Devereaux played su
perb ball at third, accepting several hard
chances without an error. Mohler fur
nished the star play .of the day in the
ninth: Lawler hit an apparently safe one
past first base. Mohler made a great
sprint and succeeded in picking up the
ball with his left hand and throwing the
fleet footed Lawler out by a foot, s The
score:
Francks hit an easy one to Toman, who
fumbled the ball, and the bases were full.
Gorton placed a nice hit past second base,
which put Devereaux on the safe side of
the rubber. Householder picked up the
ball and made a grand throw to the plate
to catch Dunleavy, but Anderson muffed
the ball and Dunleavy was safe. Hod
son struck out, but Mohler hit for two
bases, which brought in Francks and Gor
ton.
The Oaklands again took the lead by
making one run in their half of the
sixth, but the Angels were there with a
pair In the seventh. This made the score
5 to 4 in favor of Los Angeles.
The crisis came in the eighth. McCree
die beat a slow one to first and Deve
reaux advanced him to third by a single
to right field. Dunleavy bunted and Mc-
Creedie scored, Dunleavy reaching first
on the attempt to retire the runner at
the plate.
The second inning produced the first
Oakland run, which resulted from To
man's error and a pair of singles by
Francks and Dunleavy. McCreedie and
Devereaux singled in the fourth and then
worked a pretty double steal. Dunleavy
got a ! rap on the head, filling the bases.
Francks drove one to Hartwell, who re
tired McCreedie at the plate and doubled
up Francks at first. Gorton's well placed
single sent /Dunleavy and Devereaux
home, when it looked as though no Oak
land runs were coming.
Up to the sixth round Hodson had the
Angels locked in the coal bin. Hartwell
started the fun In the sixth by beating
out a little drive to second. Toman sin
gled over third and i-awler hit to right
field. Jackson delivered a hot one. which
Hodson could not handle, and Hartwell
scored. Householder sent a grounder to
Devereaux, who threw to second to re
tire Jackson, but Mohler dropped the ball
and Toman scored. Lawler tied up the
score by scampering In on Reilly's hit
post short.
Up to the eighth inning the spoils be
longed to either side, and If any of tne
numerous spectators were asked about
the result they would take on a wise ex
pression and say, "You can search me."
After the eighth the Angel fire was
quenched by a cloudburst of Oakland tal
lies, which reached the number of five
when the third man was sent to the tim
bers.
It came near being a brilliant game
even from a scientific point of view. The
only thing which failed to make It so
was the numerous misplays of the An
gels. From the standpoint of the ordi
nary lover of the- national amusement it
was the goods. It was brilliant in spota,
ragged in "some tight places, but the gen
uine excitement and real enthusiasm
were there at all times.
tinues to glide down the well
greased toboggan. Oakland is, at present
furnishing the grease for the rapid de
scent. Ewing's men have already handed
out three ' packages of the real 'juice, do
ing the turn yesterday to the music of a
9 to 5 march.
WHILE James Morley glides over
the rails, comfortably quartered
in a Pullman, his ball team con-
Till the Eigh'h Round
Score Is Often Tied and
Result Seems Doubtful
James G. Chesley, Walter Burlingame
and William Morrison caught four saimon
at Monterey last Sunday. Two of the
fish weighed thirty pounds each. The
same sportsmen will fish near Capitola
to-morrow.
Jell Wells sent a fine box of trout from
Boca some days since to Dave Thorn. The
lifch averaged more than half a pound.
Sam Heller landed a sixteen-pound sal
mon at Le Moine some days since on a
'•spinner."
Mark Goodman of Floriston has been
enjoying great sport recently. He sent
down a fine box of fish on Wednesday,
averaging more than a half pound each.
C. T. Lagercrants and wife are spending
their annual vacation on the Calaveras
River. z.
C. B. Gould has spent his usual holi
days on the Upper Sacramento and re
ports the fishing excellent.
Fred Bushnell, who has been under a
doctor's care for some time, is expected
home to-day from the springs.
Big Meadows has again attracted a
number of well known anglers. Alex
Vogelsang, N. L. Coombs, C. P. Eells,
Carter Pomeroy and the indefatigable A.
B. Finch are all in this great trout fish
ing district. It is so difficult of access
that market fishermen find it unprofitable
to go there, and but little fish is shipped
out. Those taken are usually of good
size.
Charles Huyck has sent some fine trout
down from. Boca.
Dr. F. J. Lane and George Lane go to
Boca on Monday. .
all the mountain streams. It is only
a matter of a few days when it will be at
its best under existing conditions.
FLYFISHING continues to show im
provement-each day on the Sacra
mento River, on the Truckee and on
Well-Known Sportsmen Are
Whipping the Streams in
and About Big Meadows
Bostons Have a Narrow Es
cape From Defeat Be
cause of Poor Fielding
: The management was amateurish from the start, and
was in keeping with the entire show. There was confusion
over seating even the small attendance which was present.
The gallery was a dreary waste of empty benches. When
Gans entered the ring he found McFadden had pre-empted
the lucky corner. Gans refused to go to the opposite cor
ner, as it was wet from the water which had been slopped
about. Gans took a seat on the same side of the ring as
McFadden. An effort was made to get some resin when
it developed the management had not provided any for the
fighters. The fight then went on with both men in adjoin
ing corners Instead of opposite one another, as the rules
require.- . ; " ' .
"Willie Borne was given the decision over Eddie O'Con
nor in four rounds. Neither could fight, O'Connor being
theveriest novice.* "
Finally Miller took a firm hold of Lewis' neck with both
hands and lifted him off his feet and hurled* him through the
air. Lewis lay on his back and could not rise. McDevitt
motioned to Miller and the latter thought he had been
awarded the fight. Finally when McDevitt could make him
self understood he gave the bout to Lewis on a foul.
Each with only one arm free the fighters struggled des
perately all over the ring. Sometimes they were inside the
ropes and again they were outside, but they never let up.
Twice Miller had Lewis across the ropes and it seemed the
colored tfoxe'r would be broken in twain. For the greater
part of the time it was a three-cornered scrap, as Referee
McDevitt was in the thick of the conflict. Once he was
dazed with a blow over the eye and again he formed part
of the. fighting, struggling mass on the floor.
Those who love the quick action and the excitement of a
saloon Ibrawl would say the fight between Henry Lewis and
Herman Miller, Gans'. sparring partner, was a pippin. It
was an ordinary d.ub fight until the fourth round. Miller
was then sent in with instructions to rough it and thus
outgame the negro. The first time Lewis led with his left
Miller caught his glove under his arm. Then ensued one
of the most remarkable exhibitions of rough house tactics
ever seen in any ring. . Everything went except biting, and
the presence of Police Captain Anderson was the only thing
that prevented that being included.
Woodward's Pavilion ring seems to be the graveyard of
the reputations of the one-time stars of the lightweight
division. First came Jack O'Brien, whose star as a boxer
set forever after his showing there with Turner. Immedi
ately in his train came George Lavigne, the greatest man
of his Inches that ever pulled on a padded glove. He will
never fight again. 'Now conies McFadden, whose face bears
the scars of a hundred battles. The hand of man could
never send him into the ring again fit to battle for his life.
It was generally understood Gans could not make 133
pounds, the stipulated, weight. The men were weighed In
privately. Referee Phil Wand being the only outsider in
attendance. He says the scales were set at 133 pounds and
neither boxer raised the beam. This either means the
weights were juggled with or that the men were well in
side the lightweight limit.
they could offer no excuse except to say that his work
was so bad as to be unexplainable. The betting was 10 to 4
in favor of Gfans. But little money was -wagered, not
enough to make it an object to fake.
Completely Outclasses McFadden and Never Allows
Him to'- Get -.Into- Action.
THE most unsatisfactory f.ght in years."
This was the consensus of opinion among the
spectators in Woodward's Pavilion last night, when
Joe Gans, conceded to be the cleverest boxer in tha
ring to-day, completely outclassed George McFad
den. This was the seventh meeting of the rival light
weights. In all previous ones McFadden held his own,
making a brave stand against the colored .wonder. . The
last time they met was In Denver two years ago this com
ing October.
Since then Gans has been on the upgrade arid. has, ap
parently, not yet reached the zenith of his power. Mc-
Fadden, on the other hand, has obviously been on the'
down grade. The contrast last night was a pitiable one.
There was never a moment from . the time the gong
sent them together until George Tuthlll threw up the
sponge in the third round when McFadden had a chance.
He could not get "set," in the parlance of the ring, and
did not deliver one effective blow. Gans, with his mar
velous ability as a boxer, was -all oven McFadden from l :
the first moment.
They feinted a few moments, when Gans sent & crush
ing blow to the head. From that time on it was a stake
horse against a galling plater. Gans scored right andleft to
the head at will. He wrestled McFadden to the floor after
they had been going two minutes. ¦ McFadden's legs,
seemed stuck in soft asphaltum, as he could hardly, raise
them from the floor. He stood as though rooted to the
padded ring. It seemed the fight would not last one round
when Gans sent a right and left to the head, followed
by another right that seemed capable of felling an ox.
He kept this rap'.d fire up for nearly a minute and it was
a miracle McFadden did not succumb to it. . At times it
seemed Gans did not take advantage of all his chances.
Before the second round had fairly started there was
a concerted movement of the spectators toward the door.
They were all on their feet yelling "Fake! fake! fake!" at
the top of their voices. Gans had McFadden wabbling
early In the round and scored two clean knockdowns.
In the third and last round Gahs punished McFadden
terribly. He knocked him clean off his feet with a right
to the jaw. McFadden was no sooner up than he was
knocked down again. He was up again and staggered to
the center of the ring-. He tried to hang- on,
But the elusive Gans seemed never where he expected to
to find him. McFadden was knocked down twice before the
end of the round. George Tuthlll then threw up the sponge
and ended the farce.
There were all manner of rumors flying about. One had
it that McFadden did not try to win, as the Easterners
were anxious to draw Jimmy Britt into a match with
Gans. Britt has drawn the color line, the danger line
Hereford calls it, and says he will not fight a negro. If
McFadden fought his best last night Britt could have been
blindfolded and whip him.
McFatiden's trainers were crestfallen after the fight.
They left their man to his own resources and when asked
for an explanation simply said: "There he. is; look at him
yourself and see if you can tell what is the matter with
him." They said his final work had been satisfactory and
New York's Pitcher Meets
With a Disaster in the
Third and Visitors Win
Anglers Enjoy Good Sport
-on the Sacramento ¦ River
and Also on the Truckee
Fast and Thrilling Game
Finally Won by Oakland
After Some Lively Plays
EWING TAKES
ANOTHER ONE
FROM MORLEY
PHILADELPHIA'S
BATSHEN LAND
THE VICTORY
FLYFISHING
CONDITIONS
IMPROVING
COLORED CHAMPION STOPS
OPPONENT IN THIRD ROUND
GANS-M'FADDEN FIGHT IS THE MOST UNSATISFACTORY IN YEARS
NEW CHAMPION
MAY APPEAR
ON THE COURT
Tennis Players Are Practicing
Assiduously for Coming
Tournament Competition
George Whitney Must Play
a Strong Gam^ to Defend
His Title With Success
Huhlm Wants the "Winner.
LONDON, June 27.— Gus Ruhlln, who
defeated Tom Sharkey before the Na
tional Sporting Club last Wednesday,
challenged the winner of the approaching
Jeffries-Fitzsimmons contest at San Fran
- Cisco, to fight either In England or the
United States.
THE second annual tennis tournament
for the championship of the State of
California will be played on the
courts of the Hotel Rafael, San Ra
fael, July 2, 3 and 4. It will be a scratch
singles event, open to all. Play will com
mence at 10:30 a. m. Wednesday. The
final match for the championship will be
played at 2:30 o'clock on the 4th. On the
morning of the 4th there will be a conso
lation doubles tournament for the benefit
of those beaten in their first match. Two
silver cups have been donated for the
championship event, and suitable prizes
for the consolation.
Beals Wright, who is ranked second in
the United States this year, may possibly
play here next week. It was Mr. Wright's
Intention to come to California in July,
but It is not known whether he will ar
rive in time to take part in tha tourna
ment. His presence in the tournament
would add greatly to the interest of both
the players and the spectators. When
the Easterners were here three years ago
Champion Whitney was not at his best,
and ever since has been anxious to re
deem himself. He was beaten easily try
Wright, who in turn was beaten by Sum
ner Hardy. Wright has Improved in the
last two years, and the majority think
Whitney would have no chance against
the clever Easterner.
The cracks have been practicing hard
for the last two weeks for next week's
event. George Whitney, the present cham
pion, has done little practicing during the
year up to the present week. Whitney is
not playing as strong a game as he was
k year ago. and some ot the first class
men have been improving steadily. Next
to the champion those having the best
chance of winning are R. N. Whitney,
Grant Smith, Drummond "MacGavin and
W. B. Collier. MacGavin is frlaylng a
strong game at present and is always
dangerous. If he has a good day next
week the cracks will have to play their
best to beat him. Collier, who is noted
for his staying powers, plays well in the
lieat. As all the matches will be the best
three sets in live and the players will be
called upon to play two matches each
day endurance is likely to prevail over
skill. R. N. Whitney is playing a strong
game at present, but is not expected to
last through the tournament.
The first annual tournament for the
championship of San Mateo County will
be played on the 3d and 4th of July on
the Hotel Mateo courts. A silver chal
lenge cup has been donated, which must
be won twice successively. Play will be
gin on the 3d and the finals will be played
o.i the afternoon of the 4th. Oniy those
who have lived in the county for -at least
two months prior to July will be allowed
to compete. • All matches but the finals
vill be two sets out of tnree; finals three
out of five.
The park tournament last Sunday
brought out some clever tennis. In the
first class the match between Will Allen
and Harry Routh was easily the best
ever seen on the public courts. Routh
showed great improvement, and would
probably have won had he been in better
ccndition. This makes the second victory
for Allen, who needs but one more to re
tain the cup permanently. Charles Dun
lap has won the trophy once.
In the second class play was also spir
ited. Five men are still in the fight,
which will be resumed to-morrow. Griffin
v-111 play Touchard, and Foley will meet
the winner of the match between Black
and Adams. Griffin and Touchard are two
of the youngest players on the public
courts and are rapidly forging to the
front. They are the best In their class
and the winner of their match will prob
ably be the winner of the tournament.
Tennis is popular at the summer resorts
this year and the courts are In great de
mand. The following matches were
played at Howell Mountain during the
week: George Fuller beat J. A. Code.
6—4, 2—6, 7—5; Code beat Buz Lyons, 6—4;
Miss Scheeline beat Philip Anspacher,
6 — 3. 6 — i; Miss Helen Livingston beat
Miss Anspacher, 6 — 4; Code beat Fuller,
6 — 3, 4 — 6, 6 — 1; M. Abramson beat
P. Anspacher, 6 — 4; M. Sweitzer Beat j.
Lowenthal. 7—5; Miss Hunt beat Miss
Marvin. 6—1; Code beat Sweitzer, 6—1;
Miss Dlxon beat Miss Rachel Angwin,
6—4; Miss Mabel Angwin beat Miss Ethel
Angwin, 6—1; Miss Meyer beat Miss
Abramson, 6—1; Miss Belle Schonwasser
beat James Ach, 6—4, and M. Livingston,
6—2: Sweitzer and Code beat Lyons and
L. Scheeline. 6 — t, 4—6, 7—5; Miss Marvin
¦.nd Miss Abramson tied, 6 — 1, 2 — 6; Schee
line and Lyons beat Sweitzer and Code,
4— €, 6—3, £—\ ; Ach and Lyons tied Low
enthal and Code, 4—6, 6—2.-
Captain of Harvard Crew.
NEW LONDON. Conn.. June 27.—Wil
liam James Jr. of Cambridge was to-day
elected captain of the Harvard varsity
crew. He rowed bow this year and is a
1903 man. He Is a son of Professor Wil
liam James, physiologist at Harvard.
THE SAN t FRANCISCO Of LL V SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
5
- ¦
«'l**HfMH'»»»»»*H *»»»?»
I The Whiskey |
:• That Made §
I The High Ball f
I Famous f
* _^ ?
«J» * pClHJfjj <•
J Hunter i£™*j Fine, J
? Baltimore Ml Rich $
fSSwZa • X
»<• '¦* ¦¦•¦ ?
*> ?
4 *
• » CHRI8TT* WISE OOIOUSSIO5 OO^lne- <|»
ji ¦ • ¦ - %
********<¦ * ¦!' 'i' * * * » * * * * * * * * ¦>It is gratifying ? that the Boers \ and British did not
celebrate peace by breaking into coon songs,' nor:
yet by trying their " tuneful voices on the "Absent-
Minded Beggar." ; ; , ' .' *
The local Board'- of Supervisors has decided that
it would be useless to ask the heavy-weight pugs to
contribute anything ; from, their approaching show
to charity. It would be like v asking a bunko ¦ man 1 to
divide his profits with his victim. ¦. ¦ . •
It is a safe wager that even the ultra anglo-mania
of our friends at Burlingame will not lead any of
them in imitative fealty to indulge in an attack of
perityphilitis. One must draw the line somewhere,
even in fads.
"Great heavens!", exclaimed, Garrison In
mock indignation. ''All my life I have
been known as the son of my father; must
I in : my old age be ' known as the uncle
of my nephew?"
"I am pleased to know you, Mr.' Gar
rison," said the • athlete." "I presume you
are; a relative of the famous Harvard
quarterback, 'Billy' Garrison." •
The potency of football in giving promi
nence not only to tho player but to all his
relatives' was amusingly; illustrated In tho
case of the well-known anti-expansionist,
William j Lloyd Garrison. At an evening
reception Garrison was introduced to a
noted athlete. ' /
"The Uncle of His»Nephew."
"That it makes dyspeptics and produces
nervous diseases. The more there are of
such afflicted persons who will come Into
your office for treatment the. higher will
swell your bank account, and you will
soon' learn that physicians are. not prac
ticing medicine for the sake of: their
health."
"And that is?" suggested the student.
I "Because it Is the universal * custom
makes that custom all\ the more obnox
ious .to thinking men. It is as bad as
smoking oh an empty stomach. There is
one consoling feature about this habit,
however, and since you are a medical
student pray that It will always continue
and augment in. practice. 1 '
"All the more the fool," continued the
physician. "Now observe him. His cof
fee is cold, as are the meats be'orp him.
He takes two bites and four looks at the
paper. His mind is : removed - from his
food, when it should be centered upon it,
unless I he is engaged in conversation
which is not argumentative. The appetite
is deadened, the functions of . his diges
tion are interrupted. He r knows this,, un
doubtedly, but he Is the victim of ihe
reading habit at meals— as much of a
habit' as that of taking alcoholic drinks
to force an appetite which would respond
but for unnatural stimulants to the ac
tion of the stomach and the. flow of the
gastric juices. \
"That man is a fool," said a Washing
ton physician to a student with whom he
was dining in a restaurant, indicating In
the direction of -another table where a
guest'sat eating his dinner and reading a
newspaper.
"He looks intelligent," replied the. stu
dent.
Don't Read While Eating.
The construction of the isthmian canal will of
course help on the work of Western development.
Those who are best fitted to calculate beforehand
the probable effects of the proposed waterway upon
the fortunes of the Pacific Coast of the United
States have been uniformly sanguine of great bene
fits. With. their speculations and estimates the pub-
There appears no reason to doubt that the irriga
tion bill will prove as conducive and perhaps as
potent to the upbuilding of the arid West as was the
homestead bill to the settlement of the prairie States.
Its good results are to be widely spread, far-reach
ing and permanent. For a time of course the work
of providing irrigation will not progress rapidly, but
when the improved lands are put upon the market
and the revenues derived from them pass into the
treasury to be used for further irrigation and the im
provement of additional lands, the settlement of the'
now arid States can hardly, fail to progress with
rapidity.
We have for so long a time been engaged in advo
cating the construction of a canal and the irrigation
of arid lands that now that victory has come it finds
the people comparatively indifferent. The pleasures
of success, in fact, have been to a large extent anti
cipated. With each succeeding Congress 'since first
the contest began something has been gained by the
promoters of each of the two enterprises, and con
sequently when this Congress assembled it was al
most a foregone conclusion that we would have at
least one of the two amply provided for. In fact,
so certain were the masses of the" people that the
time for the enactment of an isthmian canal bill had
come that failure to pass it would have been counted
as a neglect of duty. , The country, therefore, accepts
the act very much as a matter of course, and has not
felt the exultation over the victory that would have
been felt some years ago had success been attained
then.^ V :>''-•
WHILE this Congress, has not enacted all
the legislation that was expected of it at
this session, it has done enough to assure
it a high place in the annals of American history.
Without counting lesser measures of importance to
the country at this time, the enactment of two such
bills as those providing for the irrigation of the arid
lands of the West and the construction of the isth
mian canal in itself gives to this Congress a rank
that will' make it memorable for all generations to
come. . -¦¦ >; "&>-
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived at the
hotels: Willard— Henry T. Scott, W. P.
Scott; Ebbitt— Mrs. J. B. Page, San Fran
cisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
A GREAT CONGRESS.
A vigorous growth and the original color
given to ths hair by Parker's Ha!r Balsam.
Hindercorns, th* best curs for corns. 15cU.
The chief drawback- to Dawson at present^s the
increasing cost of fuel. The wood in the neighbor
hood and along the river is being rapidly consumed
Last winter the price was $15 per cord uncut and tm
sawed, so that the cost to . the consumer . averaged
about $22 a cord. Persistent search: is being, made
for coal and for the gold-bearing quart2, and in time
both will doubtless be discovered. Then Dawson will
enter upon a new era of development arid ,haye an
assured future for many years to come.
The Canadian Government . has done a good deal
to facilitate the development of the' territory by the
construction of roads, and the Consul reports that
every important creek or other locality within a
radius\of fifty miles has now been made accessible
from Dawson by a good wagon road. At the close
of 190 1 there were over 196 miles of such roads in
use, and additional . mileage is being constructed
These will of course greatly facilitate the develop-'
ment of the gold fields, and, taken in connection with
the improved methods of mining,' will add to the
profits obtained from the industry.
In the first place the Consul says the report that a
business panic prevails at Dawson and that the
miners are deserting the creeks "i3..false."~~ He adds:
"From personal investigation I am able to say that
the business men of this community have the utmost
confidence in the future of the territory and are mak
ing preparations for a busy season. ' I have within
the past few weeks visited all the creeks on which the
principal mining claims are located, to wit, Bonanza,
El Dorado, Dominion, Sulphur, Gold Run "and
Hunker, and I find that mining operations are
progressing satisfactorily and are being conducted
with modern machinery and improved methods, re
sulting in a much larger output of pay. dirt than in
former years." '
CONSUL SAYLOR at Dawson has furnished
the State Department with a Teport on af
fairs at that city which, while not so glowing
as some of the boom reports occasionally given out,
presents, on the other handj a much more favorable
showing for the city and the surrounding country
than ha3 been made in some ' statements recently
published. • .
AFFAIRS AT DAWS ON.
Mr. Schwab, in presenting a new hall to the acad
emy of Pennsylvania where he went to school, is
said to have stated that he made the gift partially as
a reparation for the appfes he stole from the people
in the neighborhood during his schooldays; and
if all' the steel trust men begin to act on such
motives there is going to be a boom in academy
building in this country.
CALIFORNIANS IN" NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
—Mrs. Anderson, H. Prentiss and wife, at
the Grand Union; J. Baer and wife, at the
Herald Square; W. J. Gorman, at the
Astor; Miss Atherton, at the Earlington;
Miss Clark; at the Holland; GJ.S. Hires,
at tha Westminster.
I^ps Angeles— C. W. Mills, at the Astor;
G. I<:alt, at the Cadillac.
Santa Barbara— P. Melgs and wife. Miss
Meigs, at the Victoria, r vJ: r
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
N. E. A. Convention. $S4 90. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, golns direct lines.
retnrnine Northern Paclflc Railway. On sals
July 1 and 2, good sixty day*. Only requires
six days for entlro trip through Tellowaton*
National Park. Just the season to Tlsit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." is unex
celled by any otber. Seeing Is believing T
K. Btateler. general agent. 647 Market st. SL F*
Lord Charles Beresford's free and easy manner of
criticizing the British naval office sounds odd to an
American, where a rear admiral is not permitted to
talk above a whisper. If Beresford had to serve un
der Roosevelt there would be a stormy time in the
world. . '
Nebraska was one of the first States to
recognize the Importance of keeplnjr reli
able record3 of the flow of its streams.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call,
f ornia street Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend'a California glace fruit, toe a
pound. In artistic fire-etched boxea. A nica
present for Eastern friends. 639 Mart - -
street. Palace Hotel building. • "
> Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, lOo
to 40c. . Note 81 4th, front barber, grocer. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townaend's.*
Dr. J. E. Jones of "Washington, D. C,
who is here on his wedding trip, sails to
day for Japan. He is assistant secretary
of the Republican National Committee
and private secretary of Senator Kearns
of Utah. . . '
Mrs. Jane I* Stanford returned yester
day from the Orient on the . steamship
China. She has been away two months
on a visit to the Hawaiian Islands and
Japan.\ She will go to Palo Alto on Mon
day.
J. Alexander, son of J. J. Alexander, a
well-known shipping man of New York,
arrived from the Orient yesterday. He is
at the .Palace. *
Joseph Harvey, the well-known sport-
Ing man and race horse owner, is serious
ly ill at. his residence in this city. ,
, General William S. Smith of Chicago is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and son.
Ex-Governor J. L. Beveridge of Illinois
is here from Los Angeles and Is at the
Palace.
H. B. Muir, an attorney of Willits, is at
the Grand.
J. F. Medina, Peruvian Consul at Paris,
is at* the Palace. <
G. L. Barham, a prominent resident of
Chico, is at the Grand. •
MORE TROUBLE BREWING.
Even if that story be untrue, or badly exaggerated,
the very fact that it circulates shows that within the
ranks of the reorganizes themselves there are fac
tions and dissensions. Bryan is not the only Demo
crat who has a knife for Hill, nor is Tammany Hall
the only foe he has to confront in his own city.
There are conservative Democrats who remember
his method of running the party in the old days
when he had the machinery, and they are not going
to permit him to get control again if they can pre
vent it Cleveland may not be among the number
who are making the fight, but, as the New York
story shows, his name is being used to help it on.
While New York Democracy is thus turning ban
quets into brawls that of Ohio is engaged in equally
exciting sport. The old fight between the faction of
Tom L. Johnson and that of John R. McLean has
broken out with new vigor. Johnson is reported to
have said recently that McLean "stands for nothing
in Ohio politics. His opposition would be of more
benefit to the party than his support. Great num
bers of independent voters will be attracted to the
Democratic party if ii i s known that the party will
rot be supported by McLean, men who would never
vote with a party known to be controlled by such a
man."
Of course McLean will say of Johnson about the
same that Johnson has said of McLean. Thus Ohio,
no more than New York, can furnish a harmony ex
ample for the party. In Illinois the row between
the Harrison and the Hopkins factions is as bad as
that in cither of the other States. Mr. Olney has
emphatically declared he is not in the race, so New
England has no leader to offer. It looks as if Bryan
might get another nomination by the simple process
of staying out of fights and letting his foes kill one
another. However, Bryan cannot keep out of a fac
tion fight, and when the ruction is over his scalp
along with those of Hill, McLean, Johnson, Harri
son and Hopkins, may be found at the belt of the
victor.
One of the political experts in discussing the situa
tion explained the banquet incident in this way:
"Mr. Cleveland is fearful that the Democratic party,
if it should elect a President, would fall absolutely
under the domination of Hill, whom he knows so
well. It was to prevent Hill's plans from coming to
full fruition that he consented to speak at the open
ing of the Tilden Club. At the Tilden Club he got
back into touch with many of his former friends
throughout the State— men whom Hill must have
with him in order to wjn. * * * Mr. Cleveland
does not care to prevent Hill from running the State
organization. As a matter of fact, he could not if
he wanted to. But he has served notice on the sage
of Wolferts Roost that the next State convention
must be 'unbossed.' That is the significance of Bor
ough President Cantor's visit to Princeton on Mon
day and his return the same night with copies of Mr.
Cleveland's speech in his pocket"
AS might have been expected, the visit of Mr.
Cleveland to New York to attend , the Tilden
Club banquet has not been permitted to pass
with politicians for just what appeared on the sur
face. Cleveland said in his address that he attended
the banquet merely as an admirer of Tilden who has
an ardent desire to see the Democratic party return
to the Tilden platform. The politicians of New York
scoff at that as an insufficient explanation. They will
have it that Cleveland went to the banquet for the
purpose of heading off David Bennett Hill's effort
to obtain the leadership of the anti-Tammany
Democracy in New York and the anti-Bryan
Democracy in the Union.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Madge-'-I'm in an awful fix."
Ethel— "What is It, dear V <
t^ ad fff~" Jack Inslst * that I shall re
turn his engagement ring, and for the
Ufe of me I can't tell which one it Is."
llt-JBltS.
Says Mr. Meddergrass— "As to these
here Roman candles," observed Mr. Med-
SS .'. £ b T 3tracte <«y selecting a few
raisins, "all I got to say is that if Julius
Caesar ever tried to sit up an* read th'
weekly paper by one o' 'em, he had his
hands full."-Baltimore American.
.First Village Dame-"DId I ¦ bring you
back that basket you. lent me last weekf"
Second Dame (emphatically)— "No in
deed, you did not."
First Dame-"Thafs a pity, for I Just
came round to borrow It again!"— Punch.
It Is Needed.-"He has devised some
thing new in automobillng, I understand "
Oh, yes, indeed. He is so extremely
progressive that he has an automobile am
bulance follow In his wake when he Is
scorching."— Chicago Post.
"I was In. the South African war" said
one Englishman. v;^v. ;
"General?" asked the other.
"No, Journalist."
"Oh, I see. You were a reporter; not a
regretter."— Washington Star.'
Dick— I say, Harry, I suppose you
haven't .a dollar you want to lend me?
Harry— By George, you've gucsed
right! Dick, with your ability to see into
the future you ought to be worth your
weight In money.— Boston Trahscrplt.
Patrice— On the contrary, it la so
changeable it gives him lots to talk
about.— Yonkers Statesman. --¦•¦; "' r
Patience— Doesn't this spring weather
make Will stupid?
TO OBTAIN COPYRIGHT— F. R.. City.
To obtain a copyright on a written or
musical composition a printed copy of the
title of such (typewritten copy will be ac
cepted) must be delivered to the Librarian
of Congress at "Washington, I>. C. or de
posited within the mail in the United
States and directed to such official, pre
paid, on or before the day of publication
In this or any foreign country, and not
later than the day of publication in thls
or abroad two complete copies of the best
edition of the matter sought to be copy
righted must be delivered or deposited in
the mail within the United States to the
Librarian of Congress to perfect the copy
right. The fee is 5o~ cents and 50 cents ad
ditional for a certified copy of the copy
right. Blank forma can be had by writ-
Ing for the same to the Librarian of Con
gress.
COPYRIGHTED WORKS— C. W. F..
Elmhurst, Cal. Extracts from articles or
copies of maps from a" copyrighted work
cannot be republished without consent of
the owner* of the copyright without liabil
ity of prosecution for violation of the
copyright law. The fact that credit ia
given does not save the party who uses
copyright matter without permission.
COMIC ARTIST— O. O., Petaltima, CaL
One who desires to become a comic artist
should carefully study the works of the
best artists in that line, practice an Indi
vidual style and then go ahead. If you
have any merit it will be recognized by
those who need pictures of that character.
Simply copying the work of artists is not
what makes a comic artist.
AT THE HOTEL-A. R. O. T. C, Ala
meda, Cal. If there is a friend of yours
at one of the hotels and you desire to call
upon such you should send up your card
and" wait to either be asked to the party's
rooms or be shown in the parlor, whena
your friend will meet you. In making
such a call the caller should not ask to
be shown to the room of the person asked
for.
A PREMIUM— W. F. S-, City. A silver
3-cent piece of 1365 commands a premium
of from 17 to 37 cents, according to con
dition. There is no premium for the fol
lowing coins: Half of 1894. dime of 1833.
half-dime of 1S61 nor a 2-cent piece of 1349.
J0URNALISJ4-L. M., City. There is a
work called "Haven's Modern Journalism
and General Literature" that is useful In
Sivins general information In relation to
journalistic work and writing for the
press.
A notable feature of-the report is the estimate of
the merchant that Cape Town will not be able to
hold the position of leadings port of the .country. Jn
fact, he says "Cape Town is out of the - reckoning."
He believes Durban will get the great bulk of the in
terior trade and become the commercial metropolis.
In conclusion he says:. "Taking South Africa as a
whole, the country will go ahead in coming years
and a big future lies before it. As to the immediate
trade outlook, the impressions gathered from my
visit are distinctly hopeful, tinctured with the fear
that* it will be overdone." \
In addition to the figures cited the bureau reports
also a statement made by a leading merchant to the
British South African ' Export Gazette concerning
the prospects for future "trade. V He is quoted as say
ing: "With the advent of peace there will undoubt
edly be a great boom all through, the country. 'A
lull consequent on the removal of part- of the military
forces and the refugees may; perhaps affect the trade
of Cape Town, which-is, and always will remain, more
or less local, and concerned with the western districts
of Cape Colony; but noUsuch effect will be felt else
where, for it will be necessary for some considerable
time to' keep a" large military force in the country,
and this will as a consequence involve a' continuance
of a considerable amount; of "military expenditure.
Large camps will be set -, up at v ; certain - : points.- I
have no doubt as to the certainty, of: the boom which
will supervene after the war; but my only misgiving
is that, with every one rushing in to' secure a share,
it will be overdone, and 'a reaction set in."
According to a statement just issued by the Treas
ury Bureau of Statistics exports", from the United
States to Africa during the month of April were
larger than those to all South America, and were
more than 50 per cent greater than "those of April in
the preceding year. ; For the ten months ending with
April, 1902, they amounted to $28,956,179, against
$22,070,132 in the corresponding ten months of the
fiscal year 1901, and $15,858,286 in the corresponding
months of 1900. The chief increase of course is to
British Africa, which takes about- 85 per cent of our
exports to Africa. To British Africa alone dtir ex
ports during the month of April, 1902, were $2,763,
833, against $1,817,101 in : April, icx)7; '; and for the
ten months ending with April,. 1002, were $24,708,612,
against $18,437,315 in ten months of 1901 and $13,
168,062 in ten months of i960. .•
WHILE the British Government is figuring
how to provide for the settlement of af
fairs in South Africa and the restoration of
trade and industry our own has the
more satisfactory task of noting that" American com-'
merce with that country has shown a marked in
crease during the past year and promises a larger
increase in the immediate future.
PERSONAL MENTION.
MARTIN ARMSTRONG, station agent on the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
road at Kenny, Tex., has invented an appliance by which any person
; mayfeend a telegraphic messag3 without knowing anything about teleg
raphy. The apparatus is intended primarily for use in educating people
to be telegraphers, and with it they can, without a teacher, master the
secret of. dots and dashes that go to make up each letter of the alphabet ac
cording to the Morse system.
The outfit, which can be carried in the hand, consists of a sounder key. such
as is used in all telegraphic work, a small dry battery, a transmitter, stylus
and the wires that cannect the various parts. It is the transmitter that ia the
wonderful thing about the whole apparatus. This Is simply a piece of wood
about 12 inches long and 8 wide. Extending along one side of the board are
all the letters of the alphabet; followed by the numerals 1 to 0 and the punc
tuation characters. Under each one of these characters there is a little hole
or depression In the wood. Below these holes again there is a geometrical pat
tern formed by strips of metal set Into the wood, with a minute groove lead
ing from each character through the metal strips and the wood that at intervals
breaks their continuity. ¦
The .stylus, which, looks like an ordinary pencil, and all the other parts of
the apparatus are connected with the battery by wires. The novice sets the~ap
paratus on a table before him and takes the stylus in his hand. Inserting its
pofnt in the groove running from the letter he wishes to make, he draws it to
ward him. As.it moves the sounder clicks the letter. This is done by the stylus
passing over the metal strips and forming an electrical connection,- which 13
broken for longer or shorter intervals necessary to make a letter by the in
tervening space of wood between the metal strips. A few weeks of practice on
this instrument and the novice knows the sound of every letter, and It is only
then a matter of practice to receive and transmit in the usual manner The
sounder gives him. his opportunity to practice this, and if . he is ever in' doubt
as to his correctness he can verify his work by producing the letter with the
Telegraphers say it is the most ingenious as well as the simplest arrange
ment they ever saw by means of which to learn telegraphy. Railroad men who
have looked at it value it from another standpoint. One general manager of
a railway says It will prove of great value in railroad work. By having one
on every train in case of a wreck the conductor will be enabled by throwing
a wire over the telegraph wires along the road, to at once communicate with
the train dispatcher of the division.' telling where he is and the nature of the
casualty. . The conductor need not know anything about telegraphy to transmit
a message slowly, but with perfect. accuracy. transmit
Armstrong began work on his Invention six months ago. Tears aeo h*» mw
a telegrapher, but he abandoned this work for photography and was estah
lished in business at Belasco, Tex., when the great Galveston hurricane came
along. The town was forty-five miles south of Galveston and was swept out of
existence. Armstrong was ruined and counted himself lucky to escane with h£
life. He went back to his old business and set his wits to work in dev sfn^I
method of learning telegraphy without a teacher. His invention Is the result.
EXPORTS TO AFRICA.
STOCK— Inquirer, Reno, Nev. The dif
ference betweep-- preferred and common
stock ia that the former ia that on which
dividends are payable before those on
original or common stock.
AFRICAN COLONT-T. K., White City,
Fla. For information relative to an Afri
can colony to be started near Vallejo,
ac'dress the Rev. G. H. Smith, African
Methodist Church, Vallejo.
Massachusetts holds rightly, perhaps, in American
communities the palm for conservatism in all things
material, but when she does cut loose she puts frills
on the boasted achievements of the rest of us. The.
lady who confessed that in her capacity as trained'
nurse she murdered thirty persons would make a
Borgia blush with envy.
ROOSEVELT— A. S., City. The name
of the President of the United States la
pronounced as if written Roa-velt, with
the o sounded as In more or room.
LAND OFFICE— E. H. t Coultervilla,
Cal. The United States Land Office In
San Francisco is located at 610 Commer
cial street.
TEN-DOLLAR PIECE— A. S., City.
There Is no premium for a ten-dollar piece
of 1842..
This country was not free as long as the French
treaty lasted. We were not made free by the peace
treaty of 1783, and were not free when the constitu
tion of 1789 was adopted and Washington became
President. What France expected to do to us and
be to us under that treaty, from which the Platt
amendment is copied, was revealed in the episode in
which the Citizen Genet figured so largely. Sent
here as "the diplomatic representative of France, he
landed at Charleston and proceeded to make a sort
of imperial progress through the country, assuming
the airs and authority of a Lord Paramount, as the
representative of our suzerain. He was bundled
back to France and we tore the treaty in tatters.
One republic should not be suzerain over another.
Let the Platt amendment be abrogated, or fall into
innocuous desuetude/ -
The statement of the condition of independence
was made for all peoples, and for all time, by Mr.
Jefferson in our own Declaration of Independence.
We violated that condition flagrantly in our French
treaty of offensive and defensive alliance made in
1778, wherein we put ourselves in exactly the-posi
tion Cuba was forced into by the Platt amendment.
In 1793 we found that the suzerainty of France was
incompatible with our freedom and inconsistent with
our Declaration of Independence, and we proceeded
to cast it off by violating the treaty of 1778 and mak
ing just such a trade treaty with Great Britain as
Cuba proposes.
Here appears the political interplay of which we
have spoken. It at once becomes a question in our
domestic politics whether we will assent to real Cu
ban independence by abrogating the Platt amend
ment entirely. It will be observed that to let that
piece of Machiavelian statesmanship stand intact,
and thereunder hold Cuba's independence subject to
our will, is to sustain the hypocritical pretense that
she is free, and to also give color of right to the as
sertion that we are under obligations to her. No
nation is independent that is not free to treat with
all other nations or to refuse to treat with any in
international conventions.
Soon will be heard the complaint that such a
treaty with England as is proposed will violate the
Platt amendment. T.hat sinister and un-American
condition which we imposed upon Cuba by a prom
ise made in the War Department that we would give
her free trade, or, in the evasive grandiloquence of
phrase used, "incorporate her into our commercial
system," provides that our consent shall be -Neces
sary to Cuba's international action. This means that
she is to have no treaties nor trade nor relations with
any nation but us! Yet we pretend that we have
made her independent! "
Indeed we applaud the Cuban plan of initiating
and influencing an economic policy. It is far supe
rior to the anomaly that has insulted our people, de
graded our institutions and injured the administra
tion for some time past in the brazen effrontery of
the War Department appearing as the authoritative
dictator of our economic legislation.
We are quite sure that the American sugar plant
ers and producers of all kinds are perfectly willing
that Cuba shall make a trade treaty with England.
If planters' meetings- and resolutions are potent all
the sugar planters of this country will be willing to
meet and petition our Senate and President not to
make a free trade treaty, or partial free trade treaty,
with Palma, or any reciprocity treaty that is out of
line with the Republican platform, which . calls for
reciprocity only affecting such things as we do not
produce.
THE interplay of Cuban and American politics
has begun. The island planters who main
tained the junta in Washington have met and
by resolution urged President Palma to make a trade
treaty with Great Britain. Great care is taken to ac
company the announcement of this action with the
statement that it is caused by the failure of our Con
gress to give the planters free access to our
markets.
NOVEL WAY OF SENDING
TELEGRAPHIC MESSAGES
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
lie is familiar, and the universal expectation is that
we have- a veritable new era in our history with
the- completion of a route which , will practically
change our geographical situation so far as ocean
commerce is concerned.
• In short, the two measures are of such importance
to the whole country and are fraught with such vast
possibilities qHuture trade and industry that expec
tation may run high of good results to come. It is
surely a notable thing that two such measures should
have been enacted at a single session of, Congress,
and the Congress that has achieved it can well point
with pride to its record. ¦ ,
SATURDAY JUNE 28, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Froprietcr.
liiltts «I1 Ccrrjzczications to W. 8. LEASE, H&n_g:r.
TELEPHONE.
&tk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "&. i^h.
rCBLICATIOTT OFFICE...BInrkct and Third. S. P.
truiTOUIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
' Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Ont- Per Week;
Slnarlo Copies. IS Cent*.
T»rm* by Mall. InclnCInar Foitacei
TAILT CALL (lndofllnr Eunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL flncludln* Sunday). 6 months 8.03
OAILT CALL (-including Eunday). 8 month* 1.80
DAILY CALL. — By Single Month «5e
CALL. One Tear l.BO
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmaster* tire authorized to receive
¦nb-crlprlona.
Caxnplc copies will be forwarded when reatnsted-
Mati nibwrlbera Jn orflerlns cha: r* of aM-M* sh/mld be
f«rUcc!ar to give both NEW AND OLE> ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with tfceir request.
O.IKLAXD OFFICE XX1S Broadway
C. GEORGE KItOGXESS.
Ktttftr Foreign Advertising , Mar$-ett« Buildinj, C-ici?)
(Long Distance Telephor* "Central 2619.")
SfTTW TOHK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEJf B. SMITH i>O Tribune Bnlldlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAItLTOX Herald Sanare
IfEW YORK SEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union 8quar»:
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: -"
fbennan Koase: P. O. News Co.: .Great Northern Hale!:
Fremont Home; AadltcrJum Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. .. .1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON K. CRANE. Correspondent.
IZR.AXCH OFFICES 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay open
tmtfl 9-JSO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <&i
McAllister, cpen o-.tll 8:30 o'clock. 613 Larktn. open nr.t:i
• :80 o'clock. 1»4I Mission, cpen antll 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va-.
ieacia. open tJCtU 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9*
c- clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. i.:?n
enttl i< c'dock. 2200 FUJmon?. open cntil S p. m.
CUBAN TREATIES.
THE SAN FBAINCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUSTE 28, 1902,
INVENTION OF MARTIN ARMSTRONG, A TEXAS STATION AGENT, BY
WHICH, WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE Of TELEGRAPHY, ONE MAT
SEND -MESSAGES."
It Is 101 years since the first census -was
taken in England; . -
Many of the larger towns of the country are chas
ing the gamblers from their midst. And Mayor
Gchmitz wanted to cut down the appropriation for
street lights.
6
SO EUESCEIEEES LEAYIEGTOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call »nb«crtbers contemplntlnjc & change of
residence during; <he namer months can have
their paper tor-warded 1»y mall to their new
• ddrenet by notifying The Call Business Office.
Tttia paper will also be on sale at all inmmer
re«ort« and ia represented by a local agent ln
all to«ra» on llie coast. ¦ *: '• ;.
OOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O0000000000O000OOOOrtnA«"
r rr-TTnnru OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -**/_" ° ° °
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fr^SjSl^ 1 i'w
. fe^^. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Xi ° '¦S^SSaK.
: ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo •
1 '00 oooooooooooooooooooooooooo a
oooooooooooo ; — ¦ — 000000000000
oooooooooooo «ATTI> rnTITTUrnTA" 300000000000
oooooooooooo UUK LULUIVIJIIA oooooooooooo
SooooooSoooo As Posed bj San Francisco Women. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo ..,.:-• oooooooSoo 00
SSSSSSSS2SSS The Story o!1776 as Told S22S222SSSS2
222222222222 Before the Camera of 1902. 222222222222
oooooooooooo ' Thl, I, Interesting. See It ooooooooSooo
ooeooooooooc i : oooooooaoooo
oooooooooooo A TDnTJ^FATT AF HATB A ZZZZZ 0000000
oooooooooooo A IKUUMCAU. UF HALT A oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo CFNTTJRV- ATA oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo VL1UUKI AbU. oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo .-,.' < /-• oooooooooooo
222222222222 T* 18 Old Soldier at Home and 222222222222
000000600S0C How He Lives Over Again oo 0 o 0 0 o 0 o 0 o 0 o 0 o 0 oo
oooooooooooc 4l»«'T*». e» a oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOC Ule DayS Or 01. OOOOOOOOOOOO
¦ z ¦ ooooo ooooooo
independence Pay Edition
Out June 29th.
oooodooooooc ~~~ — — — — — — _____
222222222222 ™E FOURTH OF JULY GIRL J2S222222S22
2222-22222222 Fu!I p '*« sketch ln *»•» b v J- * cam. -2222222222
oooooooooooo ¦-.. - ., Z7~ ~ oooooooooooo
SSSSSSSSSSSS Under the Fla «" and -Miss SSSSSSSSSSSS
snsssssssss -.„;. ¦ m .- LWu V' ssssssisssss
0.00000000000 Fu " p *S e Photos Worth Cutting Out for a oooooooooooo
oooooooooooo Poster- oooooooooooo
oooboooooooc • •' oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc cnrrnTu rvT3 **-»'*- -__-.__- oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc rov/Krn Or JULY EXODUS
222222S22222 . FROM SAN FBANCI5C6 -o o o o o o^o°^ o So o
oooooooSoooc A Composite Photo by Parment:r. oSoSooooooSo
oooooooooooc ~^~~~ • oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc GET THE INDEPENDENCE DAY EDITION oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc OF THE SUNDAY CAI I oooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOC . "lUJUnUftl V,ALt OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooc Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cert; oooooooooooo
oooooooooooc ' " " o o o oooo o o o o o
ooooooooboooooooooooooooooooooaooooon^n^ Oooooooooooo
OOOO.OOOOOOOO'OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
liilllllillljgljllilillisSOME OP THE PARTICIPANTS
IN THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAV
OR CONVENTION.
Tracy and Merrill Again Seen.
WINLOCK, Wash., June 27.— Tracy and
Merrill, the escaped Oregon convicts,
were seen near here at noon to-day, both
heavily armed.
The witness said that on another occa
sion Nelson called his attention to the
resemblance between himself and his son
Other former friends of the rich old
bachelor testified that Nelson had ac
knowledged the paternity of the plaintiff.
"Did you ever hear Hubbard Nelson
say anything in the presence of Mrs.
Harrison in regard to his relation to
Walfer Harrison?" he was asked.
"Yes," replied the witness. "Mrs. Har
rison and Nelson were in my store to
gether with the little boy. Nelson placed
the boy upon the counter and asked me*
'How is that for a Nelson?' I took Nel
son down to the cellar to have a drink
and while there Nelson told me the boy
was his son and heir."
WILLOWS, June 27.— Strong testimony
In support of Walter Harrison's claim to
the 5150,000 estate of H. W. C. tfelson
was given to-day by former neighbors of
the late capitalist. Witnesses testified
that the young man was recognized by
the decedent as his son. A. Papst, an old
resident of this county, told of having
frequently seen Nelson and Mrs. Harri
son together.
Former Neighbors of Capitalist Nel-
son Support Claim of Puta
tive Heir.
PTTBLICLY ACKNOWLEDGED
x HARBISON AS HIS SON
All Christian Endeavorerg ''know
"Pansy" from her writings, so Mrs. Alden
needed no introduction. She was given
an ovation and the Chautauqua salute.
For a half hour she addressed the congre
gation, and their interest was unflagging
as she took up the objections that wcr-s
offered by the critics of junior endeavor
work and punctured them one by one.
Miss Jessie Flook, the junior State su
perintendent, modestly told of- the work
that is so close to her heart. . "Entreat
Me Not to Leave Thee" was ' sung by
Miss Stanley Bliss. Mrs. E. W. Dodge
the superintendent of junior work for the
Chicago Christian Endeavor Union, gave
greetings from her city. H. R. Chapman
At 9 o'clock the service was turned over
to the intermediates and juniors. Miss
Jessie Flook of Santa Ana, State junijr
superintendent, and Marshall Black 1 of
Palo Alto, State Intermediate superin
tendent, occupied seats on the platform,
as did the society junior and inter
mediate superintendents present. The
best praise service of. the convention was
led by Charles MV Richards, a San Jose
intermediate. Miss Lottie Moore, junior
superintendent of the Golden Gate Union,
led an inspiring devotional service.
Little Walter Byrne, on behalf" of the
Santa Cruz Juniors, in good voice and
with appropriate words, welcomed the
other juniors. The response was by a
Santa Ana junior, Miss Amy Mead, who
gave a line address. . Then followed ad
dresses by Miss Edna Guin of Emmanuel
Presbyterian Church, Los Angeles; Calvin
Morcom of Central Methodist Episcopal
Cl.urch, San Francisco; Miss Hilda Heth
erton of the Presbyterian church, Wat
sonville, and Erret Shelton of the Chris
tian church, San Jose.
Ex-President William G. Alexander, the
most successful worker among the inter
mediates, conducted a round table and
answered all questions In a manner that
contributed many helpful thoughts and
much information. . The sweet singer,
Miss McMillan, favored the immense con
gregation with a solo.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Fisk of San
Francisco, who work among the boys and
girls who have only the curbstone for
their playground, spoke on "Social Settle
ment Work for Boys and Girls." They
like to term it "gospel settlement work,"
as they firmly believe that morality and
religion cannot be divorced. After their
addresses the Mandarin quartet sang
"The Holy City."
SANTA CRUZ, June 27.— The
juniors and intermediates claimed
to-day as their day at the Chris
tian Endeavor and
the' already large delegation was
swelled by 100, who came from Watson
vl'.le. "A Child Shall Lead Them" was
the theme of the morning and the time
was devoted to the children. The quiet
hour and Bible study was conducted by
E. H. Baker of San Jose.
But San Francisco and New Orleans
are the only cities of the largest thirty
cities In the country which do not have
municipal ownership of their water sup
ply. Only Chicago, Detroit, Allegheny
and Columbus, however, own their own
electric light plants.
The public debt of San Francisco is ab
normally low, being exceeded by 117 cities
in the United States. It is only $800,000,
while that of Cleveland, which is about
the same size, is $16,000,000.
San Francisco is the fifth city in the
assessed value of her property, lead
ing St. Louis, Baltimore, Cleveland
and Buffalo, all of which exceed her
in population. She has a lower tax levy
t$lf» 30 per $1000) than any of the first
thirty cities, except Boston, but she is
tenth in her annual receipts,. $3,800,000.
In addition to this municipal research
work Mr. Foster is engaged in some rou
tine work of the Department of Labor,
consisting in the collection of data con
cerning the scales of wages, the prices
of commodities, etc., paid in the West.
In regard to this portion of his work
Mr. Foster said:
• ""We try not to give any conclusions;
merely to obtain., sift and publish the
facts. This work has been carried on
not only in our own country but also to
a limited extent in foreign countries, par
ticularly Mexico."
San Francisco is third in the area of
her public parks, being excelled by only
New York and Philadelphia. She is also
third in the number of patients cared for
in hospitals, only New York and Boston
surpassing her, and fifth in the number
of miles of street railways— 240 miles.
San Francisco is within the size of her
regular fire department, but, according to
the last annual report, her loss by fire,
amounting to about $500,000, was exceeded
by that of fifteen cities, while the four
cities nearest her — Cleveland, Buffalo,
Cincinnati and Pittsburg — each suffered a
loss of 11,000,000.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 27.—
Jchn M. Foster, acting special agent of
the United States Labor Department, has
concluded some Interesting investigations
of conditions in San Francisco. He has
been at work since last October compil
ing statistics of cities west of the Rocky
Mountains having a population of 30,000
or more. In the course of his tour ne
has already visited Butte, Spokane, Se
attle, Tacoma, Portland, Salt Lake City,
Denver, Los Angeles, Sacramento, Oak
land and San Francisco, and will return
to "Seattle next week to continue his in
vestigations, there. The result of his
work will be published by the Govern
ment printing office next September. A
number of features interesting to San
Franciscans are brought out by this com
parative etudy.
San Francisco is the ninth city in the
country in population. Baltimore, Cleve
land and Buffalo rank immediately above
It, while Cincinnati and Pittsburg are a
little smaller. San Francisco has the
largest harbor of any American city, its
area amounting to nearly 50,000 acres. Of
the 137 cities in the country having popu
lations above 30,000, eighty-five have a
higher birth rate and thirty-five a high
er death rate than San Francisco, her
death rate amounting to about 2 per cent
ot the entire population. ¦ «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting Comparisons- Are
Made by Government
Expert.
Official Data Shows the
Rapid Progress of
This City.
ices in Santa Cruz Under the Auspices of the Delegates
to the State Conclave pi Christian Endeavor Workers
Enthusiastic Intermediates and Juniors Take Charge of Serv-
SAN FRANCISCO'S
FORWARD STRIDES
ONE DAY IN CONVENTION
FOR THE YOUNGER FOLK
REDDING, June 27.— D. G. Wheeler,
who killed his mining: partner. D. f!
Smith, because of the tatter's attentions
to Mrs. Wheeler, has been exonerated by
the Coroner's jury, which rendered a ver
dict terming tho homicide justifiable.
Justice of the Peace Markham, who con
ducted the inquest, would not liberate
the prisoner. He sent to tho District At
torney for Instructions and Deputy Fran
cia Carr left this evening for Bee Gum to
investigate the killing. .
Smith's Slayer Exonerated.
LauritE Rasmussen, who was with Beck
at the time of the killing-, was in San Ra
fael to-day to take charge of the body,
and during his stay was closely questioned
by the District Attorney. Rasmussen,
who was not present at the Coroner's in
quest yesterday, told a story of the shoot-
Ing that differed from that given as evi
dence before the Coroner. Rasmussen
claims that Beck was allowed to bleed to
death. As soon as the shot was fired he
rushed to the assistance of Beck, where
upon the negro sentry, pointing his rifla
at him, commanding him to leave the man
lie where he was on the beach. Beck was
left with no assistance, while Rasmussen
was marched off to the guardhouse.
W. H. Devalin, superintendent of the
Patent Brick Company of San Francisco,
was here to-day. He will, In conjunction
with the Brick Handlers* Protective Union
of San Francisco, of which Beck was a
member, prosecute the case vigorously.
SAN RAFAEL, June 27.— Louis Harrl3,
the colored sentry on Angel Island who
shot and killed Nicolai Beck, a sailor, on
Wednesday night, will be arrested on a
charge of murder. The warrant was is
sued to-day at the instigation of District
Attorney Mclsaac and has been placed in
the hands of Sheriff Taylor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Negro Soldier Must An
swer for Killing of
Nicolai Beck!
MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST SENTRY
The quickest and most .convenient ' way In
and out of the Yosemlto "Valley. Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on tha California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
. Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 611 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet, and full par
ticulars. : . ' . _ ,-, •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— A dispatch
from Washington, p. C, Bays -the Presi
dent to-day, appointed W. P. Matthews
United States Marshal for Oregon and re
appointed I. I* Patterson Collector of
Customs at Portland. Matthews is chair
man of the; Republican State Central
Committee.
Two Oregon Appointments.
EVERETT, Wash., June 2T. — Frances Cur
ran, tha 15-year-old girl who was badly burn
ed last night by the explosion of an oil lamp.
died to-day. Her sister. Mrs. C. A. Bettsj,
who was also Injured In tha explosion, diei
last nlzht.
OXNARD, June 27.— While rabbit hunt
ing last night Earl Culbert, 13 years of
age, was accidentally shot and killed.
The accident occurred at the " Culbert
ranch, two and one-half miles northeast
of El Rio. Henry Hasse, a neighbor boy,
13 years of age, went hunting with young
Culbert, taking a 22-callber rifle. The
weapon was discharged while in the
hands of • Hasse, the bullet passing
through Culbert' s heart.
Young Hunter Kills Comrade.
WILLOWS, June 27.— All details have
been completed for making the week
commencing July 2 memorable in Wil
lows. The Glenn County Fair will com
mence on that date and end on the night
of July 5 with a street carnival. On July
4 two performances of the Elks' circus
will be given, the actors to be drawn
from the best amateur and professional
talent in the State. The circus parade
will be an. interesting feature. Bankers,
merchants and lawyers will take the
parts of clowns and acrobats or act as
purveyors of lemonade and popcorn.
Elks' Circus.
WHATCOM. June 27.— After a trial last
ing ten days, the jury in the case of
Frank Oleson, charged as cashier of the
Scandinavian-American Bank with hav
ing received deposits wheiy he knew the
bank to be Insolvent, rendered a verdict
of guilty to-day, with a recommendation
of mercy. .The Scandinavian-American
Bank was the first of the banks in this
county to be*cquired by H. St. John Dix,
when he started in to organize a chain of
banks across i the American continent;
with a London branch. Dix has already
been convicted, while Assistant Teller
John Stangroom and S. M. Bruce, tha
bank's attorney, are awaiting trial.
Cashier Oleson Convicted.
Rogers has been at work on the project
for some time and is now preparing fran
chises for the road. These the Santa
Cruz Supervisors will be asked to grant
at their next session. Some rights of way
have already been procured.
SAN JOSE, June 27.— The Southern Pa
cific is to have competition in the freight
business of the Pajaro Valley. Council
man "W. J. Rogers of this elty has pro
moted a project, which he claims he will
have no trouble in financing, for cheaper
rates between Pajaro Valley points and
San Francisco. His project is the build
ing of an electric railway from Watson
ville to a point on the coast a little north
of what is known as Ooodalls Camp.
There suitable wharfage and warehouses
will be built. A line of steamers will ply
between this ocean terminus and San
Francisco. The electrio line will be
about four miles In length. From the
wharf to San Francisco the distance is
but eighty miles and it la planned that
steamers shall make a round trip each
way every twelve hours.
Rogers declares the construction Is
assured and that within a year the peo
ple in the vicinity qf Watsonvllle will be
enjoying better transportation facilities
than that afforded by the railway. lid
recently completed a canvass of the Wat
sonvllle district and was assured suffi
cient business to pay for building of tha
road during its first year of . operation.
Many business men of Watsonvllle signed
contracts to give him their freight traffic.
He claims that within twelve hours after
fruit and berries are shipped they will
be on the San Francisco market.
Plan to Give the Pajaro
Valley a Competing
Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COAST RAILWAY
TO HAVE RIVAL
Nome Vessels Bring No
News of Portland
and Jeanie.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 27.— The Alaskan liner
Roanoke, Captain Weaver, which reached
port this mofning from Nome, having
sailed from that place three days after
the Ohio, brings no authoritative news of
the steamships Jeanle and Portland,
which, when last seen, were being carried
by an ice pack toward the 'Arctic. On
June 18, when the Roanoke pulled out for
Seattle, the Dora had returned from her
trip northward along the. coast and
brought a report that the natives . above
Cape Prince of Wales had found the
wreckage of a large steamship. No
credence, however, was placed In the re
port at Nome, for the simple reason that
it was not backed by substantial evidence.
Naturally, though, to those vitally inter
ested In the fate of the Portland, the story
was anything but reassuring.
The fleet now searching after" the miss
ing vessels has been reinforced by the ad
dition of the revenue cutter Daniel Man
ning. Should any tangible report reach
Nome, a number of the large craft In the
harbor would be instantly dispatched to
assist in the rescue. Probably a number
of the remaining steamers at Nome will
have gone by j this timo , to aid In tha
search. . . ;,v-" . ¦ ¦
At Nome It was believed that there were
but two theories by which the steamship
Jeanle could be considered as still afloat.
She might either have been caught in the
Ice and carried northward, or, in making
her way< over toward the Siberian coast,
have been disabled by some accideht
probably striking a piece of Ice, and made
for some harbor, on that coast for safety
In case the damage was such that it could
have been repaired, it is likely that the
missing vessel la still lying at anchor or
Is on the beach in some protected cove
and will not be heard from for some time
Being unusually stanch and seaworthy'
the Jeanle could have become entangled in
the Ice pack and escaped where many
other vessels would have been ground Into
kindling wood.
, PORT TOWNSEND, Juno 27.-The
steamer Valencia arrived from Nome thi3
evening and reported that no . word 'had
been received at Nome of the steamers
Portland and Jeatiie.- The United States
revenue cutter Thetis, \ which went to
search for tho Portland, had not returned
to Nome when the Valencia sailed, and
fears for her safety are beginning to be
VALLEJO, June 27.— "William Lynch and
Anne Murtagh have begun a contest of
the will of the late Patrick Lynch, who
died in Vallejo on October 10, 1901. The
petitioners, who reside in Ireland, are the
half-brother and sister of the deceased.
They set up the claim that he was feeble
in mind when the will was executed. The
will gives 90 per cent of the estate to
Mabel F. Currier and the remainder to St.
Vincent's Church In this city. Mabel F.
Currier was named as executrix. The
estate is valued at $6000.
Patrick Lynch's Will Attacked.
"Within a recent period the P. C. and O.
bought two miles of river front property
on the east side, extending from the
Madison bridge to Sellwood.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— President
W. H. Hurlburt of the Oregon and Port
land City Railway to-day announced that
his company would in the near future ex
pend $5,000,000 upon a new system of trol
ley roads, the trunk line of which will ex
tend from Portland to Spring "Water,
Clackamas County, thirty-five miles
away, via Gresham and Powell Valley.
Almost the entire right of way has been
procured. By July 15 actual construction
work will begin.
Will Build Far Into the Rural
Districts.
Oregon' and P-ortland City Railway
MILLIONS TO BE SPENT
ON NEW TROLLEY LINES
ICEBOUND SHIPS
NOT YET SIGHTED
The committee on the place of the next
meeting reported this evening In favor of
San Diego.
Wisconsin State Convention, Fon du Lac:
California greets Wisconsin. Read Isaiah,
40. 31. ¦
North Carolina Convention. Ashville: Cali
fornia greetB you. Read Isaiah. 43, 6-6.
Francis E. Clark, president of the World's
Christian Endeavor Union, Boston: California
greets you and welcomes you home. Numbers
6, 24-28. "s.
The vartou3 denominations separated
this afternoon and held denominational
rallies in their churches.
president of the Colorado Stata Union,
also was present.
The following telegrams of greeting
were sent this morning by State President
Rodgers to the various State conventions
in session:
Indiana State Convention. Indianapolis: Cal
ifornia sends Christian greeting; Psalm 89, 15.
Washington State Convention. Brattle: Cal
ifornia greets Washington Endeavorers; John
1, 8-4.
Morgan was to-day put under 52000
bonds, awaiting his hearing, which is set
for July 10. All the principals to the af
fair are of prominent families.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, June 27.— The ar
rest of James D. Morgan of Los Berros
to-day brings to light a sensational story
of domestic infelicity. Morgan is a well
to-do stockman of the southern part of
the county. For some time past, it is al
leged, he has been jealous of the atten
tions of his younger brother, William S.
Morgan,. also a married man, to his wife.
On Sunday several shots were fired by
James Morgan at his wife and brother
near the home of the Morgans' parents.
None of the shots took effect.
of Relative Almost Leads to
Tragedy.
Sar. Luis Obispo Rancher's Jealousy
SHOOTS AT HIS WIFE -
AND YOUNGER BROTHER
WHATCOM, June 27.— Policeman Frank
Alvord Just before noon to-day shot God
frey Campbell through the stomach, in
flicting a wound that will cause death.
Policeman Alvord observed a revolver in
the man's pocket, and after consulting
with Officer Jessup determined upon his
arrest. Campbell turned into a side street,
followed by Alvord, who requested him to
halt. The stranger made a defiant retort,
whereupon the officer ordered him to
throw up his hands, at .the same time
drawing his revolver.
The supposed desperado attempted to
draw his revolver, at the same time seiz
ing the officer's weapon. Alvord fired,
the ball striking the man in the pit of
the stomach and passing clear through
his body.
A terrible fight followed, .the wounded
man all the time holding on to the of
ficer's'weapon. A dozen blows from an
other policeman's club cracked his skull,
but still he retained his grip upon Al
vord's revolver. His hand was finally
broken in order to loosen his hold.
Campbell says his home is in Black
River Falls.
Wound.
Combat After Receiving Mortal
Supposed Desperado Continues tb.3
POLICEMAN'S DESPERATE
FIGHT WITH STRANGEB
Middleton was charged with murder,
but was discharged by Justice Herzinger
yesterday. The wedding of Miss Clawson
and Middleton was decided upon only to
day.
This marriage is the final chapter in a
romance that culminated in a tragedy
two weeks ago. For four years John H.
Yeakey, a substantial business man of
family, was Cassie Clawson's lover. "Wil
liam Middleton, hardly of age, became
her suitor recently. The men came to
gether at the home of Mrs. Dora Thorn
brough on Sunday night, June 15, and
after an exciting hour in which Yeakey
threatened to kill all four of those pres
ent and was disarmed, Yesrtcey ran at
Middleton and was shot "dead.
REDDING, June 27.— At All Saints' Epis
copal Church this evening William Mid
dleton and Miss Cassle Clawson were
united in raarriago by Rector O. St. John
Scott. The couple appeared uneipectedly
at the church, accompanied by Marrlck
Harvey and Mrs. Dora Thornbrough, and
the ceremony was performed without
other witnesses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Romantic Sequel to Tragedy
That Stirred the Town of
•>;;• Redding.
Miss Clawson Becomes
Bride of William
- Middleton.
MARRIES SLAYER
OF JOHN YEAKEY
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
7
$ai*i|A REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000.
n 1 1 n M i vnich W 'U be . P a^ t0 an 7 person \rho ean find that the abora testimonial letters
1 1 6 1 ¦ 0 B are not genuine, or were published bef ore obtaining the writer's special per-
UUUU iniMion. Lydia 12. Piakham Medicine Co., Lynn, MaM.
If there is anything in your case about which yon would
like special advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. Address is
Lynn, Mass. Her advice is free.
. "Dear Mrs. Ptnkhjlm: — * Honor to whom honor is due,' and yon
deserve both the thanks and honor of the mothers of America whom
you have' bo blessedly helped and benefited. I have used Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound when I would feel run-down or
have any of the aches and pains which but few women escape, and I
have found that it relieved me at once and gave me new strength. Sev-
eral ladies, members of our literary Union, speak in highest praise of
your Vegetable Compound, as they have been cured from serious female
troubles. One lady, who thought she miv>t submit to an operation was
cured without using anything in the world but Lydia E. Pinkbam's
Vegetable Compound and Sanative "Wash. You have hosts of
friends in Chicago, and if you came to visit our city we would delight to
do you honor. Gratefully yours, — Mrs. May Brown, 67 Grant Place,
Chicago, I1L"
"How Mrs. Pinkham Helped Mrs. McKinny." **f^
" Deab Mrs. Pinkham : — I feel it my duty to -write and let you know tha
good you and your Vegetable Compound are doing. I had been sick ever since
my first- baby was born, and at the birth of my second, my doctor, as well as
myself thought I should never ¦> live through it. After that menstrua-
tion never came regular and when it came I suffered terribly. I also had
womb and ovarian trouble. A friend of my husband's advised him "to get
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for me. At first I had no
faith in it, but now nothing could induce me to be without it. Menstruation
has become regular and I feel like a new woman. Your medicine is a God-
send to suffering women. I hope this letter will lead others to try Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Yours truly, Mss. Milpbto
McKcraY, 28 Pearl St., San Francisco, CaL (March 16, 1901).
MRS. MAYBROTO,
Chairman Program Committee, Westside literary Union, Chicago, HL
AMUSEMENTS.
k gjj U\f r |*||jS ectsisco
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATIXEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-JCIGHT and Sunday Ev'g — Last times.
The Thrilling Melodrama which Sensationalized
Greater New York, THE
ROAD
TO RUIN.
\ BTf FS Evening 10o to 50 3
I1UWC3 Matinees 10c # 25c
Next Monday— The Celebrated Melodrama,
"SINS OF THE NIGHT."
Extra Matinee Friday. July 4.
TO*MGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by TV"HITE WHITTLESEY.
In David Bolasco's Great Play
Beats now selling for all this and next week.
including
m MATIXEE FRIDAY. JULY 4.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATURDAY). June £8.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c:* Chll-
Cren, any part except reserved, 10c.
A VAUDEVILLE BREEZE!
Eallen. and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sisson and Stewart;
Dave Lewis, and the Biograph.
"Last times of Eleanor Falk and
Her Chcnis of Ten Girls; Bedini
and Arthur; Loris and Altina, and
Swan and Bambard.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
"IT BEAMS BRIGHTER THAN EVER."
"AlsTD THAT IS NO FAIRY TALE."
THR
IDOL'S EYE
L "HOOT /V\OM.'»
GIVEN TVITH A SUPERB CAST.
FREEH PCM AND TUNEFUL MUSIC
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, BOc. 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
Curtain rises evening-s at S:15, matinees at
2 shanx
Matinee To-Day!
To-night and all of
NEXT WEEK..
Matinee* "VTednesiiay and Saturday !
CHARLES FROHMAN present*
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglln
And a SPECIAL COMPANY In Arthur W. Pin-
ero's four-act comedy,
THE GAY LORD QUEX
After iU run of
400 NIGHTS IN LONDON.
Seats for the eecond week of "The Gay Lord
Quex" now ready — Prices *1 50 to 25c
July 7— 'THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY
URSULA."
GOOD-BY TIMES.
FAREWELL MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT!
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY
Presenting the Funny Farce,
"NIOBE."
TO-MORBOW EVENING— AND ALL NEXT
WEEK.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE,
Acsirted by the Etronsrest company ever organ-
ized for the classic and romantic drama.
Presenting on an Elaborate Scale.
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI."
BEAT SALE NOW ON.
Notice — Djzrins the WARDE season the free
list wiil be suspended entirely — press excepted.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENIXO NEXT
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORGAN
In a Grand Scenic and Electrical Production of
Goethe's Immortal Plav,
"FAUST."
MAUDE FEALY ss MARGUERITE, ED-
WARD MORGAN as MEPHISTO.
POPULAR PRJCES 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c. 75c
Good Orchestra. Seats All Matlneeg 25c /
Fischer's Theater.
THIS I TO-
- AFTERNOON, | NIGHT
AND TWICE SUNDAY.
Then "FAREWELL" to
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Nert Monday night the great triple bill of
fuxmy burlesques.
"POUSSE CAFE,"
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA,"
••A ROYAL FAMILY."
AX.L THE FAMOUS CAST.
AM) KEW 6ENSATION3 GALORE.
MATINEE JULY 4.
21 CHUTES!
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON
K\D EVENING.
JTWIN EIETERS MEREDITH; TWO LITTLE
PUCKS; WEBBER AND ELLIOTT; NEL-
LIE MONTGOMERY: KELLY AND KENT;
MURPHY AND SLATER, AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES. 1" ;",
Dally end Nightly! Don't Fall to Be*
Hardy Downing Loop the Loop
Anfl MME. SCHELL'S PERFORMING LIONS.
Afimlttlon 10c Children 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, 8:15
P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vsTEoS ANGELES.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison ets.
Advance Sale of. Seats. & Stockton Et.
SUTR.O BATHS.
OPEN! NIGHTS.
Open dally fronl 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADM1SISON 10c CHILDREN 6c
Bathing including- admission 25c Children. 20c
Established 1823.
That's AH!
BAKE JOSEPH, Representative, 3 CO Battery Street. San FrancUco*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is the standing of Mrs. Pinkham among the women of America to-
day, and Mrs. Brown's letter which we have the great privilege to herewith
publish, with her portrait, is only another visible evidence of this truth, and
that of all the medicines for womens* ills in the -world liy dia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound stands today-pre-eminently at the head.
After years of struggle to attain public confidence, with a firm and stead-
fast belief that some day others will recognize in us the truth, good faith and
honesty of purpose that we know we possess, what a genuine satisfaction it is
to have succeeded and to feel the uplifting 1 influence of the merited confidence
of the vast army of our fellow beings.
" 'Honor to Whom Honor is Due/ and You Deserve Both
the Thanks and Honor of the Mothers of America
Whom Ton Have So Blessedly Benefited "
ing to Mrs. Pinkham Says:
A Prominent Chicago Woman Writ-
| ¦' J& THE$2O,OO6 UV I
9 Bankrupt Sale at 39c on the Dollar Still Going On, I
I WILL OFFER MONDAY MORNING MOST ASTONISHING BARGAINS. 1
1 512.00 ETON .?._:.„?.' . t .,«^
|| 115.00 ETON *. " """'"at «*n- I
B $17.50 BLOUSE ; !"I!"""""!!"'.at o!o8 9
l"»m ftok JACKETS. 1
B Jo.W tUlVri nf 21 t%K m
B $7.50 eton r: *.V5'2 fi
Ij J10.00 SILK ETON ; ' zt 2«R II
1 $20.00 MOIRE COATS „ !"".'"'" at 1^45 H
I » m gray... WMMiiM&mE, I'at ~t 5c I
i 13.50 BROWN DOUBLE PLAID I! ! at *1 U- I
I J5.00 CASTOR DOUBLE PLAID....... ; !.!!!!"!!!!'!!!.!at 2l45 i
I R.50 BLACK i.. ££. ££?.:. - t 0^ 0 i
I J3.50 TAN v — — ••« »5C J
I $7.50 MILITARY ..., /..'.'.*.'/.'.'.".''/.'.« 3!05 H
THE PACIFIC CLOAK HOUSE, I
® >l4 i?ji i iwiMiiiify!i^5i^ifiiii^ TREET ' 1
Valor & Desirable location.
ldlutw unsurpassed cuisine, «k1 A "^ER S ;!
un equaled ser- Wm&SiiKia H A IP
O|1 J . vice and modern • ¦H^irs
UllU conveniences are the E#AEbSAEVI '
u rand S popular wiS. : : ai m*7m i
UiailU Jurist; OP a nS travel- ; Wben tto bair Is gray or latfed tf
II A. 1 ers Who Visit San ! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. 1
llOtClS FrlncTsco. \ ' K Preventa Dandruff and hair tailing {
I1UIV13 rrantiswu. ; and keeps the scalp clean and heal^ Jwildered, thought it best to take her to
the candy counter, where she was treated
to sweetstuffs until her sobs were sub
dued. She then told the officer that her
rame was Gertie Goldston and her ad
dress was on Folsom street.
However, Myers paraded her around the
playgrounds and the lawns and wherever
children mostly congregate, and it was
not long before he succeeded in finding
those from whose care she had strayed;
That was possibly the most exciting In
cident of the day, for a policeman, Inno
cent though he be, is an awful looking
monster in the eyes of little ones, and
especially when he has In his custody a
wee, tiny tot of three.
- 'At 4 o'clock the youngsters were got to
gether, and with the Hebrew Orphanage
band In' the lead all turned their eyes to
ward the kindly institutions which shel
ter and protect and do all in their power
to take the place 'of "those who have gone.
SEATTLE, June 27.— The King County
Republican Convention to-day indorsed
Will E. Humphrey for Congress, and
pledged the support of King County Re
publicans to Harold Preston of Seattle for
United States Senator.
Humphrey for Congress.
Nominations by the President.
WASHINGTON, June 27.-The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Collector of Customs, Isaac L.
Patterson, District of Willamette, Or.;
Marshal, Walter F. Matthews, District of
Oregon; Receiver of Public Moneys, Eu
gene B. Hyde, Spokane, Wash.; Regis
trar of the Land Office, Henry V. HInman,
North Yakima, Wash.
Army— Captain Joseph C. Byron, quar
termaster, to be captain of Infantry, with
rank from March 2, 1899; Captain C. B.
Baker, • infantry, to be quartermaster,
with rank of captain, from March 2, 1899;
Corporal John A. . Barry. Troop D. Third
Cavalry, to be second lieutenant; John P.
Kelly, Florida, assistant surgeon of vol
unteers, with rank of caatain.
NANAIMO, B. C, June 27.— In leaving
port this evening, after taking on coal,
the American steamer DIrigo. Captain
McGregor, struck a rock In the harbor.
After five hours the tide rose sufficiently
to enable her to be towed back and beach
ed. . Her forefoot was badly damaged.
Her seventy-five passengers, who were
going to Alaska from Seattle, have been
landed here.
Alaska-Bound Passengers
Are Landed.
STEAMER DIRIGO STRIKES / .
ROCK IN NANAIMO HARBOR
Vessel Is Badly Damaged and Her
Chief Wittman received a dispatch yes
terday . afternoon from Detective T. B.
Gibson at Sedro Wooley, Wash., to tha
following effect: "John Flax, alias Ben
nett, is not Charles B. Hadley, the man
wanted for the Nora Fuller murder. The
man they have here in custody is suffer
ing from delirium tremens. He has given
me his full history, which I will give you
when I return. I will leave for home in
the morning."
Not Nora Fuller's Murderer.
The two returned to the jail, where
Bennett was again placed behind the bars.
Gibson then declared that the man was a
fraud, and was not Bennett nor Hadley.
To-night the prisoner was released.
"Why, don't I go with you?" Bennett
quickly asked, but to this interrogatory
the detective made no reply.
Later in the afternoon Gibson again ap
peared at the Jail, procured the keys from
the Marshal and unlocked the cell in
which Bennett was confined and together
they left the building. They visited the
cigar factory where Bennett worked
when he first came to the city, and at
Gibson's direction Bennett neatly made a
couple of cigars.
"You've got me up here on this wild
goose chase," remarked the detective,
"and I want something to take back to
San Francisco."
Gibson reached Sedro Wooley this after
noon. Local officers who were waiting at
the station for him when the train from
the south rolled in failed to recognize him
and he did not make his identity known.
In fact, it was only through the efforts of
The Call representative that it was
learned that Gibson had arrived. Marshal
Munro was notified and proceeded to his
office in the city jail, where Gibson joined
him a few minutes later and the two were
closeted in a secret ¦ conference lasting
nearly an hour. In the meantime news
of the arrival of the detective had spread
through the city and a crowd congregated
in the vicinity of the town jail. With
the evident idea of avoiding this crowd
Gibson, when he emerged from the Mar
shAl's office, took a roundabout way i and
reached the jail from the rear. He at
once entered the building and even Mar
shal Munro was not permitted in the cell
while Gibson interviewed the prisoner.
The interview lasted more than an hour.
SEDRO WOOLEY, Wash., June 27.—
Detective Thomas- Gibson of San Francis
co arrived here to-day to inquire Into the
identity of the man who surrendered to
Town Marshal Munro several days ago,,
claiming that he was the murderer of
Nora Fuller. As a result of the detec
tive's visit the prisoner was released to
night. The pseudo Bennett proved to b*»
just what The Call several days ago' said
he was— a clgarmaker named John Flax,
who has been working in cities of Oregon
and Washington for months' past. Why
he posed as the murderer of Nora Fuller
can only be conjectured, but it is the
opinion of. Detective Gibson that the fel
low was suffering from delirium tremens
and that the murder story was a product
of his excited imagination. It is likely
too, from remarks made by Flax this aft
ernoon, that he was seeking a free trip
to San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Detective Gibson's Trip to
Sedro Wooley a Wild-
Goose Chase.
Man Pretending to Be.
Murderer Bennett
Is Released.
PRISONER PROVES
TO BE A FAKER
LONDON, June ' 27.— Advices received
here from. Adls Abeba, capital of Abys
sinia, announce the ' safe arrival there of
Fitzhugh' Whltehouse of Newport, R I
and Lord Hindlip, who started from Eng
land February 1 on an exploring trip to
the Upper. Nile. Both of the travelers
were well and had thus far enjoyed a suc
cessful trip.' They • were cordially wel
comed by King Menelik. The • explorers
were; to continue their travels around
Lake Rudolf and home by way of Mas-
Bowah, where they expect to arrive In
September. ,
Menelik Welcomes the Explorers.
.The theory is that, they wero former
lovers. A young woman named Alice
Foster heard what words passed between
the two and saw the shooting. She was
In another- room -when Kissinger entered
and . heard some expression of surprise
on the part of Mrs. Garner. She then
started to pas through the room, when
she saw Kissinger grasp Mrs. Garner In
his arms and as he held her draw a pis
tol and shoot her behind the ear. Then
he 'shot himself through the head.
BOISE, June 27.— A double trag
edy occurred at Pearl, twenty miles lrom
Boise; at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Wil
liam /P.- Kissinger of Eugene, Or., shot
and killed Mrs. "William Garner and then
killed himself. Pictures of the woman
were found on the man and locks of hair
supposed to be hers. ...
Idaho Town and Then Kills
.- . Himself.
Oregonian Commits a Murder in an
CLASPS THE WOMAN
AND THEN SHOOTS HER
SEATTLE, June 27.— Judge Wickersham,
sitting in the Nome district of the United
States Court, fined United States- Marshal
Frank Richards arid Councilman Jourden
$300 each foV^contempt of court. Sentence
was. passed on June 16 and notice of art
appeal , has. been, given.- • . ,.
Before passing sentence, Judge Wicker
sham read a lengthy statement tp the ef
fect tnat this • case had | given him more
trouble than any other in Alaska. He re
ferred to the fact that both men came
from his State ; and were -formerly hl3
friends, bur he believed them guilty • of
w*. 1 ",?'"*. 116 inry that cleared Postmaster
Wright or the charge of embezzlement. '
Jourden of Nome Receive
, Their Sentences.
Marshal Richards, and Councilman
judge wickersham ,-'.,".. &>
; fines; twov officials
Comes to Secure a Prisoner.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., June 27.—Inspec
tor John H. Boyle is racing across the
continent to reach John O. Stone, held on
suspicion at San Francisco, before the
police of that city lose their grip on the
man. Stone is wanted on the charge of
passing bad checks on hotels. *
Rancher Killed by Lightning.
BUTTE, Mont., June 27.— A special, to
the/ Miner from Livingston says that
Edward Burrls, who is a rancher and' wool
grower of the West Boulder country, was
struck by lightning last night during a
severe electrical storm and killed.
DENVER, .June 27. — A heavy hailstorm oc
curred this afternoon in th e .vicinity, of .Gree
ley. destroying, small: fruit. ¦ The: wheat' crop
¦was also badly damaged. .-- At Deer Trail a
heavy plate elass window was broken by the
bail. • - - ~
Considering • the • great '.number of -men
who are Idle, the strike is a remarkably
quiet one. Including those who have been
laid off by reason of dull times on account
of the suspension; It Is estimated that
fully 165,000 persons are cut of work In this
comparatively small section of the State.
However, it Is still ' believed here that
some outside party is going over the sit
uation with a view to finding a way to.
bring the miners and the operators to
gether. If such Is the case, it is « not ex
pected that any move will be made before
the miners' national convention next
month at Indianapolis. ' : ¦• ¦¦-¦ :] * - . :
¦ It is not unlikely that the report of La
bor I Commissioner Carroll D. Wright .to
President Roosevelt may suggest, some
way that will lead to a settlement. The
publication of the report is eagerly await
ed by the strikers.- . .¦•-••-
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June
morrow will end the seventh week of the
great anthracite coal mine Workers' strike.
Excepting President Mitchell's offer to
arbitrate, ; there has been no proposition
by either of the parties to the controversy
since it began and the prediction that the
struggle will be one to a finish still holds
good.
I The latest news from, the volcano of Kil
auea indicates .little more than the nor
mal state of activity. The volume of
smoke and the heat continue to be greater
than has been the rule recently. The
Volcano Hotel is . crowded with guests
who have hurried to the scene In view of
the reports of an outbreak. \
HONOLULU, June 21.— Governor Dole
has made an order requiring all Govern
ment employes to keep out of politics, as
far as active campaign work is con
cerned. The Governor's order is under
stood to be based on the policy of Presi
dent Roosevelt in the same matter. It is
announced that in a few days a letter will
be addressed by the ' Governor to the
heads of departments setting forth Gov
ernor Dole's views on the subject. .
The decision of the Governor has creat
ed a great stir in political circles. In the
Republican Territorial Central Commit
tee, the various district committees and
the precinct clubs throughout the islands
are many officeholders. Several resigna
tions from the Territorial Central Com
mittee have already been sent In because
of the position taken by the Governor and
more are to follow. There will be a gen
eral reorganization of the Republican
managerial committees as a result of the
new order. .
Governor Dole of Hawaii
Issues Important
Order, g;
Difficulty in the Anthra
cite Region^ -Not
Yet Ended.
STRIKERS STILL
ARE CONFIDENT
DIRECTORS DESIRE
NAMES OF COMMITTEES
Encouraging Reports Are Received
From District Clubs at Meeting of
Primary League Officers.
At a meeting of the directors of the Re
publican Primary League held last night
in the headquarters at 16 Geary street, a
resolution was adopted requesting the
chairmen of the district cluba to report
at headcuarters the names of the mem
bers of the district campaign committees.
The reports of the various directors show
ed that the work of organizing in the dis
tricts is progressing very satisfactorily.
A meeting of the Primary League Club
of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District was
FORESTS OF COLORADO
IMPERILED BY FLAMES
Valuable Timber in the State Is
Likely to Be Destroyed by
Fire.
DENVER, June .27.— Not in many years
has Colorado been visited by so many
destructive forest . fires as this summer.
A half-dozen big fires are now raging,,
and numerous smaller ones threaten to
denude the. State of timber if means can
not be found to check ' them. Register
Joyce sent out four of his inspectors dur
ing the past few days to battle with the
fires, and ha3 issued a general appeal to
peace officers to render all the assistance
in their power to stay the flames.
A great fire is sweeping along the Medi
cine Bow range In Wyoming and will
soon reach Colorado 5f not checked. Some
of the finest timber in the State is in
the path of this fire. A number of fires
are known to be of. incendiary origin.
held last night in the club rooms at 1500
Central - avenue. T. E. 'Atkinson. J. E.
Martin and F. A Maestretti made short
speeches on timely topics. The following
members of the club were added to the
executive committee: James S. Adams,
Max Ludwig, Richard Travers, John E.
Martin, F. A. Maestretti, J. B. Whitney,
John Spargo, P. Fillppini, Charles Hubbs,
I. B. Sykes, Daniel Foley, S. A D. Jones
and H. Burfiend.
The members of the Primary League
Club of the Thirty- fourth District met
last night at Twenty-fourth and Church
streets. Addresses were made bv H. J
von . Werthern, Norman Hall and H. j!
Lanjrrebr.
inp for her guardians. The officer was
quickly surrounded- by a crowd. Every
one in babbling interrogatory chorus
wis-hed to. know the little one's name and
address, who was her father, her moth
er s name, her last residence and so many
other questions that the infant of three
became bewildered, and the big police
man, in whose custody she so suddenly
found herself and who seemed equally be-
ANACONDA, Mont., June 27.— P. J.
Ryan was well known In Anaconda, hav
ing been for many years private secretary
for John S. Dougherty, formerly superin
tendent of the smelters here.- A week
ago. .when he left unexpectedly, his
friends had been anxious to hear from
him. Ryan was unmarried.
SALT LAKE, June 27.— The body of P.
J. Ryan was found in the closet adjoin
ing his room at the Knutsford Hotel this
morning' with a bullet hole through the
right temple. Ryan registered yesterday
from Anaconda, Mont.; went Immediately
to his room, and was not seen alive there
after.
intendent in Montana Com
mits Suicide.
Former Secretary of a Mining- Super-
BEGISTEKS AT A HOTEL
AND THEN ENDS LLFE
Iroquois Club Leaves Thursday for
Bakersfleld to Install Members.
At the regular meeting of the Iroquois
Club, held in Pythian Castle last evening,
the following campaign committee was
appointed:
Twenty-eighth District — John J. Greely Dr.
J J. Kinerwell.
Twenty-ninth District— Charles Glldea, Jo
seph M. Plunkett.
Thirtieth District — J. C. Gorman, Charles H.
Holcomb, Thomas T. Alford.
Thirty-first District — Albert Leaf, John F.
Twigg.
Thirty-second District — William J. Higglns,
George R. Code, James B. McSheehv.
Thirty-third District — Louis Ferrari.
Thirty-fourth District — Max Popper, E. B
Carr. T. J. Kennedy.
Thirty-fifth District— "William 11. Cannon,
William J. Locke, John E. O'Brien
Thirty-sixth District— O. H. Barnett, John
Connor, J. O. Hanley.
Thirty-seventh District — W. I. Brobeck
George HHdebrant, B. Niemann.
Thirty-eighth District — J. I. Marks T J
O'Brien. Hugo K. Asher.
Thirty-ninth District — E. R. Fancompara
Fortieth District— George C. Casey. Morris
Harris, Pat Brady.
Forty-first District — Louis H. Mooser, W. T
McLaln, Charles McCarthy.
Forty-second District — H. L. Blenfleld, Wil
liam McMann. J.' W. Shlnkwin."
Forty-third District — R. p. Troy, P. j
Dunne. G«orge SI. McGillvray.
Forty-fourth District — Louis H. "Ward, Porter
Afhe, Mose Helns.
Forty-fifth District— O. Ludera, L. V. Merle
E. L. Rlttore.
The object of the campaign committee
is to assist in the organization of district
clubs.
The committee on installing a club at
Bakersfleld reported that there would be
a good attendance to go to Bakersfleld
and that they had secured special rates
from the railway company. About forty
members of the Iroquois Club will leave
next Thursday evening for Bakersfield.
The special order of the evening was a
lecture given by Judge A B. Lemon, who
took for his subject the life of President
Martin Van Buren.
CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.
CURBS ACTIVITY
OF POLITICIANS
Those wondrously stupid but good-na
tured donkeys and the goat carts proved
attractive for the ¦ youngsters. The
khakied boy attendants made the skim«ii
animals pull their freight wfth re^oub |
energy, which appealed to the youngsters
A sensation^ for the orphans was occa
sioned when big Policeman Myers discov
ered a pretty, sobbing, heartbroken to*
straying and with tear-dimmed eJesHook:
Of course there was a big cluster of
women and children, children who had
the happiness of a mother's protection
v'ho had come to watch the parentless
charges of the institutions in their gam
bols and their innocent pranks and
{¦f£LIIl€S.
CHILDREN of the Maria Kip Or
phanage, the Infant Shelter and
the Hebrew Orphanage were
trotted out yesterday to meet be
neath the shade of the tree3 of
Golden Gate Park. It was not the first
time that the majority of the little or
phans had been escorted to the " play
grounds, for many of . the number had
often visited there under the tender
watchfulness of. parents now gone; had
scampered over the lawns under the anx
ious and loving gaze of those they no
more shall see on earth. But generous
men and women had seen to it that "the
motherless and the fatherless would be
well cared for during their infancy, and
how admirably their wards are protected
and reared could be seen at a glance yes
terday, when. In pretty frocks and spot
less white aprons, they romped and
scampered over the beautiful green lawns
and played their Infant games and re
ceived with eager delight the bountiful
hospitality that had been so lavishly and
genrously prepared by Mrs. Alice il
Hickok.
DENVER, June 27.— The tenth triennial
convention of the International Sunday
school Association to-day elected the Rev.
Dr. B. B. Tyler, pastor of the South
Eroadway Christian Church of Denver,
president for the ensuing triennium. The
reports of the general secretary and treas
urer showed a nourishing condition in the
association. The convention Is making an
effort to increase the contributions to $25,
0W annually and $15,000 was pledged this
afternoon. The field workers' conference
elected the following officers: President, E.
Morris Ferguson, New Jersey; vice presi
dent for Northeast. H. S. Conant, Boston;
vice president for South, George O. Bach
man, Nashville; vice president -for West,
W. E. Merritt. Tacoma; vice president for
Central States, W. C. Pearce, Chicago;
vice president for Canada, A. W. Hal
penny; secretary, E. A. Fox, Kentucky.
in Denver Show a Flourishing
Condition.
Reports at the Triennial Convention
PBOSPEBITY INCREASES
IN SUNDAY SCHOOLS
A smiie of triumph came over the pris
oner's face, and, after thanking the
Judge, jury and District Attorney, he
walked out to breathe the free air for*the
first time in two years.
Begerow's crime and many trials have
attracted a great deal of attention. At
the time of the picnic he was- constable
at Alviso. He placed a man known as
•'Bismarck" under arrest and Cech and
Berger Interfered in the man's behalf.
A row ensued and Begerow drew his re
volver, fired one shot into the air and
then shot Cech and Berger dead. He
pleaded self-defense. " He was arrested
and a mob used him roughly. It was
Claimed he was drunk at the time.
• lhe first trial was brought to a close
by Juror Benjamin disappearing just as
the case was to go to the Jury. Four
other trials resulted in disagreements.
The case was twice before the Supreme
Court and once that court ordered Bege
row released because he was not brought
tu tr i al ,S n tIme - He was at once rear
rested. The Brewers' Union engaged spe
cial counsel to prosecute him.
Judge Lorigan said that, after the five
trials, four of which had resulted in dis
agreements, it was plainly an impossibil
ity to convict the defendant. He then or
dered the charges dismissed and Begerow'
released.
Judge Lorigan at once discharged the
jury. District Attorney Campbell then
moved that the two charges of murder
against Begerow be dismissed and the de
fendant discharged from custody. At the
seme time he filed a statement that he
had prepared in regard to the case. It
detailed the crime in full, the inability to
obtain a conviction and the many dis
agreements.
SAN JOSE. June 27.— After five times
facing a jury on murder, charges,' ex-Con
stable Frederick Begerow of Alviso, who
shot and killed Joseph Cech and August
I'-erger at the picnic of the San Francisco
Breweries' employes in this city on July
J5, 1900, walked out of court a free man
this evening. The Jury, after having been
out two days and nights, came into court
and reported that it could not agree on a
verdict. It is said the jurors stood 11 to 1
in favor of acquittal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A hint comes by wire from Washington
that an attempt is being engineered to
have the Republican State Convention at
Sacramento next August adopt a plank
indorsing Cuban reciprocity. Congress
man Needham is quoted as saying that
the "rank and file of the party will not
etand tor anything that will weaken the
I-rctectSon policy." It is the opinion of
leading members of the party in this city
that the convention at Sacramento will
i<ot entertain any proposition to break
down or weaken the barrier of protection
There may be talk in Washington to the
effect that fiesire for reciprocity Is very
strong in California, but tne Republicans
at home are not agitating the question
A meeting of the Thirty-fourth District
Primary League Club was held last night
In Duveneck's Hall, corner of Twenty
fcurth and Church streets. The meeting
was well attended. Enthusiastic speeches
were made by Arthur Gruenberg W B
Barber, A. H. Merrill, Norman W. Hall
and others. The following executive com
mittee was appointed: William Gleason.
M. Kirby, A. Citron, J. J. Hore F R
Neville. M. S. Crowe, C. H. Du'veneck,
J: S. Drew, A. H. Merrill. J. McClosky
C. Hunt, J. Nannery, L. Strohmeyer. H.
C. Pearce, H. von Worthein and T. Noo
nan.
Metcalf's district is a beautiful .one for
a politician to contemplate. The con
stituency is enlightened. The area is not
extensive. The roads are good and th«s
pecpie are happy. Moreover, the district
is safely Republican. A revolution that
might change the political complexion of
many another Congressional district
would have no effect on tne political
status of the Third, as the domain is so
overwhelmingly Republican in sentiment,
iletcalf has already gained distinction in
Congress. He wields influence and a
larger measure of prestige in public af
fairs awaits him. He is reluctant, there
fore, to let- go of the Congressional bird
m hand for the gubernatorial bird in the
bush. --.£.- »
Another commotion in Alameda County
may enliven the gubernatorial campaign.
The Third Congressional District Repub
lican Committee is discussing the politi
cal expediency of urging Victor H. Met
calf to enter the contest for the Republi
can nomination to the office of Governor.
The people of Alameda County have no
particular liking for Gage and are not en
thusiastic for Pardee. Wednesday night
a strong telegram was sent to Metcalf
urging him to get In the fight for Gov
ernor. Several messages of a similar
character were forwarded to the Con
£! essxnan Thursday. This desultory firing
along the political line may be followed
up with volleys of telegrams. The awak
ening virtue of a telegraphic message is
not underestimated by the Alameda
County politician. No doubt Metcalf Is
somewhat familiar with the tactics of his
constituents and will be prepared for the
general bombardment. Up to date he has
replied in the negative to every sugges
tion that he should enter the guberna
torial arena. He knows that he is firmly
ir trenched in Congress. He knows like
wise that G. R. Lukens and William R.
Davis, of Alameda, Alden Anderson of So
lano and C. M. Belshaw of Contra Costa
are ready to jump into the race for Con
gress the instant he enters the light for
Governor.
Court Discharges Him Upon
the District Attorney's '
Motion.
California Republicans Firmly
Uphold Principles of
Protection.
Fifth Trial of the Ex-
Constable Ends in
Disagreement. -
Congressman Declines to
Enter Contest for
Governor.
BEGEROW GOES
FREE AT LAST
METCALF HEARS
FROM ALAMEDA
the san Francisco call, Saturday, june 28, 1902.
Are Regaled on Lawns and Feasted Beneath Sheltering Trees.
Donkey Rides and Goat Buggy Drives Gives Tots Amusement
Children of Maria Kip, Infants' Shelter and Hebrew. Institutions
ORPHANS HAVE A GLORIOUS
DAY IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
SCENES AT THE CHILDREN'S
PLAYGROUND IN THE PARK
.YESTERDAY. .
8
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Uo.
Steamers leave San Fran-
kM^~. clsco as follows:
gVSgpBfc, For Ketchikan. Juneau,
lite&tjN-j. Bkagway. etc. Alaska— 11 a.
a§TKHwA m - June so - July 5 - 10 - '¦
?BVJgu «i = Change to company's steam-
sSSlSSkSu «» a t Seattle.
**fflqgltgg5l| For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
T?* coma. Everett. Whatcom —
11 a m. June 30 July 5, 10. 15. Change at
Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. I*. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1 :»0 p. m.,
July 1. 6. 11. 16. ,
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles ana
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m
State of California, Thursday. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartford (San
Luis 'oblspo. Ventura, Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Corona only).
Corona. June 27. July 5. 13
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., July 1, 9.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosal a,
Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. July 8.
• For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates
TICKET OTT5TCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., vien Agents.
C. D DUN ANN. Gen. Pass. Agt..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Does a Wondrous Work for a
Lady Who Was Almost
Crazed With Pain and , 1
Suffering.
It is well known that terrible rheuma-
tism, sciatica : and neuralgia cause more
helplessness, acute suffering and agony
than any of the other diseases that aiHict
humanity. The great medicinal virtues
of Paine's Celery Compound make It tho
only trust-worthy specific for the cure of
all forms of rheumatism and neuralgia.
Thousands of strong testimonial letters
from' the most prominent people of tho
land prove that Paine's Celery Compound
has banished these terribly fatal troubles
when all other treatment has failed. Mrs.
Margaret Bethel of Brainerd, Minn., after
thirty years of agonizing tortures, had
a desire to end her life, if it was the will
of heaven; she almost prayed for tha
time to lay it down. Heaven-directed, sha
made use of Paine's Celery Compound,
and 13 enjoying true life once more, Sha
says:
"For thirty years I have been a great
sufferer from neuralgia in the head, and
also with rheumatism In the whole body.
I began taking Paine's Celery Compound
and soon found I was much better. Be-
fore taking the Compound my life was
such a burden that I almost prayed to
lay it ' down. I was bedfast every two
weeks with horrible pain in the head,
back and neck, until I was almost crazed.
I am able to do harder work and more of
it to-day than for twenty-five years. I
ara really enjoying life again, thanks to
Paine's Celery Compound. I am satisfied
that my life has been prolonged many
years by its use."
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Marvelous Escape
From Death!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
' ¦¦' -// -FOR-
LEAVE SEATTLE:
VALENCIA p. m., July 5 faboutt
SENATOR 0 P. m., July 18 (about)
And fortnightly thereafter during tho season.
' The new and elegant steamships Senator and,
Valencia made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
and Nome folder, apply
TTCrfFT OTTPTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen AgBnta.
C. D. DUNASN. Gen. Pass. Agt..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
o. r:& tv. co.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to KM
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points,- all Rail or Steamship and Rail, al
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2. 12, 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27. JulyT. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st.. 11 a. rou
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Monry.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
\Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 28, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU... Thursday. July 24. 1902
B&. AMERICA MARU "
." Saturday, August 16. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced, rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of nee.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ . . W. H. AVERY. Agent.
Jfamburg-Jkmerican.
TWI5-SCBEW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia July 31 Columbia July 3t
F. Bismarck.. . .July 2l| A. Victoria. . . .Aug. 1*
TWIS-SCHEW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania . .July 8j*Palatla ...... .July 19
Moltke July 13| Patricia July 22
•To Hamburg direct.
Ham>Mir«-Ainerk:nn Lin-. "7. BV«iy, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agent* for Padfla
Coast. 401 California st.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Araaricana dj Vapor n
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA July 1 (GUATEMALA.. Au* 3
PERU .July 23 COLOMBIA!?. . Aug IS
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California st.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
americax use.
new York, Southampton, londojt.
Kensing*n.July I. 2 pml Phila. .. .July 9 10 am
St. Louis. July 2. 10 anil St. Paul.July IS, 10 ara
USD STAR JMXE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
ZeeIand...July 5, noonlVaderrd. July It), noon
Friesland.July 12. noonlKroonVd. July 26. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgomy et.
BAY AND BIVER STEZJMEK3.
FOB U. S..HAYY YARD AM VALLEJO,
Steamer; CEN. FRISBI2 or MONTICKLL)
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m... 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.,- 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
2/fice. pier 2. Mission-street dock HATCH
BROS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEOPLE WHO WANT
. n^TI THE BEST, AND WILL
fi&tf HAVE IT, BUY ONLY
jgj£ "STRAIGHT " HAND,
J8g| MADE SOUR MASH
Jit Oil)
V/gg^V \JJuU
"DT^T^
HfiH M I Ju
jj !|§? g COMPARISON WILL
FHyE^ pkove all say -
I siwE^nss. HIGHEST GRADE GOLD
iJLRKipk&Co, MEDAL AWARDED AT
1 S3 9 PARIS EXPOSITION-
"^====£? 1900.
H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N. Y.
CATTON, BELL & CO.,
SOLE DISTRIBUTORS.
San Francisco. Cal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
0ce3ii!c&$.€0, aairsiif
_ DI8ECF LIKE TOTAHtTl
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Aucklin*
and Sydney.... Thursday; July 3 loTi,
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. .......... "^
* Saturday July Vi " "a* "n * m"
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. ..... ' P# "•
Tuesday. July 15," Yo"«L"inI
I. r. spreciels & beos. CO., Ucnsrai a^ 329 aars»i
GEfl'iPasi Office, 643 Marta st. Pier u 7. pacmc a.
•COMPAONIE GEHKRALS THANSATI.AKTIQ.nZ
DIRECIVLINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday, instead of „#£??»&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 4" m^hS
North River, foot of Morton ¦ street'
First-class to Havre. »7Q and upward. Second-
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and C a1£
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
T ork -. r J- F." PUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
The germ burrows into the scalp, throw-
ing ud the cuticle in thin scales, called
dandruff, or scurf, and digging at the
root of the hair where it saps the hair's
vitality. First • comes brittle hair, then
lusterless and ' dead-like hair, then fall-
ing , hair, r and \ finally baldness. Nine-
tenths of the hair, troubles are caused by
dandruff. Without,, dandruff hair' will
grow, \ luxuriantly, - as nature intended.
'.'Herpicide". kills the dandruff germ, leav-
ing .the" hair to grow unhampered, as It
does with the American red man.
Germs.
Herpicido Is ' Death to Dandruff
ANOTHER GERM DESTROYER.
PAPA— Oh. what a pain! I believe I have a fever in the heart.
MAMMA-Nonsense, It Isn't your heart, it's your stomach. Every time you eat,
this hot weather, you aet a sour stomach full of hot gases and acids, and you
ewell up until your heart hardly has room to beat. If you were not so obstin-
ate, you'd tsJce my advice and keep your lnsides cool by taking a CASCARET
Candy Catliartic every night before, going to bed. They work while you sleep
and keep you regular In the hottest weather.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.MANAGER OP THE OAKLAND ENQUIRER WHO ESCAPED INDICT
MENT FOR ALLEGED LOOTING OF COUNTY TREASURY, AND HIS
ALLEGED ENEMY WHO MAY HAVE TO STAND TRIAL.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— The Navy De
partment received a telegram to-day announc
ing the arrival at Panama of tha gunboat Han.
rer, which will keep watch on: events on the
Pacific side of the Isthmus and allow the 1'hll
adelphla tcp coma north.
SANTA FE, N. M.. June 27.— William W.
Atchixon. th« San Pedro saloon-keeper who
murdered James O'Meara of I>es Moineg Iowa
and William Thayar'of Santa Fe, by shootinir
at them from ambush and who has kept tha
pursuing posse and bloodhounds at bay for two
weeks, surrendered to-day.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Secretary
of War has directed the preparation of a
general order for the establishment at
Washington Barracks in this city or ah
army war college for the most advanced
instruction of army officers. The propos
ed college will be under the immediate di
rection of five officers detailed from the
army at large, and ex-offlclo. the chief of
engineers, the chief of artillery, the su
perintendent of the military academy and
the commanding officer of the : genera
service and staff college. Major S B M
Young was detailed to-day as president of
the college and. General William H. Car
ter and General Tasker H. Bliss hav«
been selected as members of the general
board leaving only two more members to
be selected from the army at large
Major General Young Selected as
President of a New Institution {
for Officers.
ARMY WAR COLLEGE
TO BE. ESTABLISHED
The boy was cleaning his pistol last
Thursday getting ready for the Fourth
Pf July- While at work the pistol ex-
Ria^oUSSd.* 0 ™ a bl * hole ln the
The boy was an orphan and at the time
™ T,nff « den J was visiting friends at
324 Tenth street. He has no relatives.
OAKLAND, June. 27.— Joseph Lavie. the
11-year-old boy who shot himself with a
toy pistol a week ago, died at the Fabiola
Hospital yesterday morning from lockjaw.
Lockjaw developed a few days after the
boy was shot and in spite of every effort
the disease increased in violence until he
died. . , ,
dentally and Death Ends Suf
ferings After a Week.
Joseph. Lavie Shoots Himself Acci-
DIES FROM LOCKJAW
PRODUCED BY GUNSHOT
Still another story of the matter which many
believe is the genuine one 1b that the Grand
Jury has not yet taken Hnal action of any kind
The giet of this report is that on Thursday
afternoon the Jurors, for reasons of conveni
ence, directed District Attorney Allen to. draw
up four or more indictments and bring them
to the Juryroom at 10 o'clock Saturday morn
ing. The Intention was that at that time the
Jury should take a final vote and decide
whether these indictments or any of them
should be returned to the court. If thla report
Is to be credited, and it seems plausible as
any, no indictments have been decided upon
and no decisive action has been taken.
One report which has been accepted by many
as authentic is that no indictments will b«
returned, but that a written report will b«
presented censuring: Assessor Dalton for care
lessness in connection • with order* for the
manufacture of books.
The parties Involved In the case are hot
inclined to discuss the matter until the
Grand Jury makes its formal report. The
Enquirer, however, has an article on the
action of the Grand Jury, in which it en
deavors to put the best face on the jnatter
possible, and which statement may 1 be re
garded hb official from the Daniels-Dalton
end of the trouble. The Enquirer says to
night: . .
knowledge of it while they denied com
plicity In the fraud, has landed them in
the clutches of the law. , ¦¦¦
SACRAMENTO, June 27. — Frank Owen com
mitted suicide In a cabin. near Gait this after
noon. Otenwi'i employed for many years by
George Bartlett of Elk Grove.
A. J. McKinnon succeeded In reaching
the beJl cord and pulled It threo times,
the engineer answering the signal, which
meant to stop at the next station. Mrs.
Baker of Alalla, In trying to go forward
to the first coach, was knocked against
the side of the "coach and was severely
bruised.
The car Jolted over the ties for nearly
a mile before the train was stopped. A
wrecker was sent from this city. Traffic
was delayed several hours.
BAKERSFIELD, June 27.— A peculiar
accident occurred on the Southern Pacific
southbound Stockton flyer late this after
noon. Shortly after leaving Tulare a
fiange broke on one of the rear "wheels
and -the car left, the track. Passengers
were thrown from their teats and badly
shaken.
Lively Shaking.
CAR JOLTS OVER TIES •
FOR NEARLY A MILE
Passengers in a Derailed Southern
Pacific Coach Receive a
OAKLAND. Jirhe 27.— The . dedication of
the Carnegie Library building of the Oak
land Free Public Library will be held next
Monday evening. The arrangements for
the affair are in the hands of a commit
tee consisting of Library Trustees George
S. Evans, Murray Laidlaw and L. J. Har
dy and an advisory committee represent
ing the Ebell Society, as follows: Mrs.
Edward A. Kluegel, Dr. C. Annette Buck
el, Dr. Myra Knox. Mrs. Kate A. Bulk
ley. Mrs. John Russ and Miss Mabel T.
Gray. The programme is to be as follows:
Opening, address, L. J. Hardy, president
of the board of library trustees; historical
address. Mayor Barstow; vocal solo, Mrs.
O. C. McMurray; address. Trustee George
S. Evans; poem. Librarian Charles 6.
Greene; vocal solo, Mrs. O. C. McMurray;
address, President Benjamin Ide Wheeler;
addrees, the Rev. E. E. Baker; oration,
Colonel John P. Irish; music, "America "
by the audience; benediction.
Ladies Arranges Programme for
Monday Night.'
Committee of Trustees and Eoell
CARNEGIE LIBRARY
WILL BE DEDICATED
Whether this be true or not Daniels es
caped indictment, while his friends Dalton
and Oakes fell before the Grand Jury and
his two enemies, Stedman and Hadley.
were coupled with them. Daniels' plea of
Ignorance of the transaction seems to
have availed him much, while the very
fact that Stedman and Hadley admitted
IN CLUTCHES OF THE LAW.
There are many stories afloat. One is
that Daniels went before the Grand ,'ury
and testified that he did not get any of the
money that was paid on the two checks,
but that the money was turned over to
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton. It is
claimed that upon this testimony the In
dictment of Dalton was found. In other
words. It Is said that Daniels turned
State's evidence.
pass tbe deal upon George Oakes, while
Stedman and Hadley declared that every
thing that they had done had been under
the direction of Daniels.
When it became evident that the Grand
Jury had voted to Indict not only Dalton
and Oakes, but Stedman and Hadley, and
had left Daniels out, notwithstanding the
fact that he was one of those originally
charged with the crime that the Grand
Jury found existed but fastened upon
others, the stock of the editor began to
increase in value.
G. B. Daniels then began to make
<-harges against some of the employes of
his paper. He declared that Russel Sted
man. who first made an affidavit that the
money had been collected for books that
had never been delivered, was responsible
for the trouble, and he added that M. de
L. Hadley. the business manager and sec
retary of the Enquirer, had inspired Sted
man to take this Btep. In these charges,
Dalton joined and the Grand Jury inves
tigation settled down to Daniels accusing
Stedman and Hadley of having betrayed
him Jn his own office. Dalton trying to
Tbe original charges against Henry P.
Dalton and G. B. Daniels were for con
epiring against the treasury of Alameda
County and looting it for their own bene
fit. There ne\-er was any question as to
the fact that $1500 was secured from the
county for books that were never made or
delivered. The only question was who/got
the money.
As soon as Daniels and Dalton were
charged with this conspiracy thev made
counter charges. They both said that
Emil Nusbaumer was behind the charges,
whereupon Emil Nusbaumer replied that
he was, but that it was up to them to
ehow who got the money. As to getting
the money. Nusbaumer said that he did
not know to whom it fell except that it
did not drop in his pocket*.
OAKLAND, June 27.— How G. B.
Daniels, the general manager and
president of the Oakland Enquirer
Publishing Company, escaped in
dictment for assisting in securing
51500 from the treasury of Alameda Coun
ty -without giving any return therefor, and
how M. de L. Hadley and Russel Stedman
came to be indicted when they were the
ones who made the— original charges
against Daniels and H. P. Dalton. is one
of the stories that is agitating Alameda
County politically, commercially and Jour
nalistically. Because Daniels escaped in
dictment, while two of his friends and
two of his enemies fell under the ban of
the Grand Jury, is giving the editor pres
tige as a tall and lofty tumbler.
¦ ' NEW WESTERN.
John Hanson and wife, nut Grove
Minneapolis; Mrs. M. J,^Girder aii*
A. Hesse. Manila. . child, Garden MM.
j. Thomas Rio VUta. Charles "E; Moore 5v
L* Schwarts, Conn. . s Louis. -..'... v
A C. Richmond, Sioux Will. Rutledire St V
Falls, S. D. A.-H. Churchill and
H. K. Younir, VallcJo. Wire. Santa Barbara
A, V, Tyler. Victoria. Mm. Tent, Boulder Ok
J. E. Walton. Spokane. Mies H. C. Anderson
Elmer K. Hchooley, .: v Stockton. • .7™, .'
Maurler, P. I. s Mrs. T; W. Lowe ,6tkn
WlUlam-<UoillsUf,\Vja- : ff " WKn
LONDON. June 27.— It is understood
that the committee appointed to inquire'
into the origin of the suspicious fires at
the Sandhurst Military College, In Its re
port exonerates , the cadets from sus
picion of incendiarism and says the dis
turbances were due to resentment of tha
endets at being accused of being connect
ed with the, fires, which have occurred at
Intervals In their quarters since April
and which caused a" stoppage of tho leave
of absence of all the cadets.
British Cadets Are Exonerated.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to James E. Halllday
aged 39, Oakland, and Florence O. Ma
honey, 27. Santa Clara; Ferdinand J.
Schwarzchild, 60, and Maude E. Roberts.
30, both of San Francisco.
Licensed to Harry.
EL PASO, Tex., June 27.— Captain Juan
S. Hart, 'an El Paso edltor-and formerly
of the Cuban Evacuation Commission, re
ceived a telegram this afternoon an
nouncing that' John Monssier, a well
known Texas newspaper man, had shot
and killed another American at Jimulco.
Mexico, and' there was but little chance
of him escaping with less than the ex
treme penalty. The telegram asked, that
relatives and friends of the prisoner be
notified of, his. predicament and requested
to do all. In their power to aid him.
In case r Monssier is convicted, which Is
regarded as a certainty, he will be exe
cuted by shooting unless sufficient pres
sure can be brought to bear to have his
sentence commuted* • Monssier formerly
resided he£o and In San Antonio. .
Monssier May Result in His
Execution.
Killing of an American by John
MEXICANS MAY SHOOT
TEXAS NEWSPAPER MAN"
" STANFORD UNIVERSITY', June 27.-
MrSi. Stanford has made another generous
gift to , the university museum. Two an
tique statues of heroic size; arrived at this
university yesterday, and were set up on
pedestals on either aider of i the main en
trance. One of - the -figures < is that of
"Faith,", in the form of a young woman'
with cross and 1 book,; while the other
represents "Meditation." The statuea
weigh five tons each and are the work of
A. FrllH. an Italian. artist. . ..
Two Statues 'for Stanford.
C. D. Long.
DETROIT, Mich., June 27.— C. D. Long,
Chief Justice of the State Supreme Court,
died' here to-day, after a long illness.
• OAKLAND, June. 27,— A. hew three-story
building is abput to be- erected-, by the
Union Savings* Bank on the property re
cently purchased by it 'or. San Pablo ave
nue, near Fourteenth street. If was first
reported that the bank would use the
premises, but now it Is understood a* lo
cal llrm has leased the ground :floor and
the upper rooms will be used for offices.
The building will have, a frontage on both
San Pablo and Telegraph avenues.
Plan a New Structure..
LONDON, June 27.— Lord Henniker,
Governor of the Isle of Man, who had
been in ill-health for some time past, died
at the Isle of Man to-day. He was born
in 1&47. :-i' •:•• "¦:- . .-. - '-.";•."
Lord Henniker.
SPOKANE, June 27.— William H. Mead
of Portland, general agent in Portland of
the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and
Omaha, died to-night of paralysis. He
waB 58 years of ase. v -V v
William H. Mead.
Troops Leave Durban and Burghexs
. V Sail From the Historic
, . Island. .' •
DURBAN, Natal, June 27.— About 1500
Canadian troops sailed . from here for
home to-day.- Two thousand additional
Canadians will start for home July 12
ISLAND OF ST. HELENA, ; June 27.—
The first consignment of Boer, prisoners
numbering 478 men, sailed from here yes
terday, for South Africa. After taking the
oath of : allegiance to-.Great Britain the
prisoners- marched to the boats singing
the national anthem. .:..-. ¦: -„
BOERS AT ST. HELENA>
SING/ BRITAIN'S ANTHEM
ALAMEDA, June 27.— The Rev: C. . P.
Nettleton of San Mateo. was. arrested by
Police Officer Willing last evening for rid
ing a bicycle on the sidewalk in violation
of 4 city ordinance. "He deposited |3 bail
and when his case was called before City
Recorder Taylor Dr. Nettleton cx>ained
that wrren he was last in Alamea* ten
years ago there was no bicycle ordinance
and he was ignorant that such a one had
been passed. Recorder Taylor suspended
sentence and told the reverend gentleman
not to do it again.
Minister Rode on Sidewalk.
SAN. JOSE, June 27.— William Walsh, a
piorrGer of California and for more than
twenty years a member of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department, died at the home
of his son-in-law,. Robert Gaynor, in San
ta Clara yesterday. Walsh was a native
of Ireland- and 60 years of age. He came
to California in the early '50's and lived
in San Francisco until about two years
ago. -For a number of years he was em
ployed at the Mare Island Navy Yard. A
daughter survives him.
' . Admits Crime Before Suicide.
NEW YORK. June 27.— James E. Pear
son, 65 years of age, a well known law
yer, was found dead in his office in Brook
lyn to-day. I He had killed himself by in
haMng illuminating gas. In his hand was
the photograph of a woman. He- left a
letter, in v ;w.hlch . he said: "I am a de
faulter and thief, and where all tho
money is gone I cannot tell. My wife and—
children are left penniless." Pearson ha.i
six children.
OAKLAND, June 27. —A committee
charged with the duty of gathering funds
for the expenses of Professor D. T. Fow
ler, who was elected by the Pacific Coast
Co-operative Association a delegate to the
international convention of co-operative
associations : in England, was appointed
just before the adjournment of the Co
operative convention yesterday as follows:
A. Hallner, Kingsburg; J. M. Moore, San
Francisco; W. P. Craigen, San Jose; C.
D. Harvey, Loomis; G. Geraldson, New
castle; B. G. Hurbert. Campbells; EG
Williams, Stockton; H. H. Miner, Le
Grand; F. H. Kaftzger. Los Angeles; A
B. Sprague, Sacramento; C. Y. RoopiOak
land. #T
To Raise Funds for Delegates.
Car-Builders Gain Concessions.
OMAHA, Neb.. June 27.— The Union
Pacific Railroad to-day came to a satis
factory agreement with its car builders,
the latter securing several concessions
which they consider important. The ex
ecutive committee of the Car Builders'
Union has been in conference with com
pany officials for three days and to-day
they reached an agreement which is sat
isfactory to both sides. The company
will now take up the grievances of th«
Machinists' Union. ¦ The executive com
mittee of that union was in the city and
held a meeting during the afternoon.
WASHINGTON, June 27.-A mounted
patrol from the army post of Fort Meyer
last "night guarded the village of Rosslyn,
a hamlet containing many saloons, locat
ed on the Virginia side of the Potomac
River, opposite West Washington.
Wednesday night there was trouble be
tween Saloon-keeper Geary, who conducts'
a dance pavilion adjoining * his place at
Rosslyn, and some soldiers from Fort
Meyer, who were refused admittance.
Harry G. Pancoast. a private in the ar
tillery, remained behind after his compan
ions had left and subsequently was found
with three bullet wounds in his neck He
is still alive but | is dangerously hurt
Some of his fellow soldiers, incensed at
his shooting, proceeded. to Geary's saloon
and riddled it with bullets, its inmates
fleeing and escaping injury, save that one
of them Buffered from a slight flesh
wound. The army officers at the post are
Investigating the occurrence and have
taken measures to prevent" further trouble
Mysterious Shooting of an Artillery
man Causes Tumult and
Danger of Riot.
TROOPS GUARD VILLAGE
NEAR NATIONAL CAPITAL
MANILA, June 27.— Though there is no
positive proof that the four American
teachers of Cebu, island of Cebu, who
have been missing since June 10, when
they Started on a day's outing,' have been
killed, there is little doubt that thty
were murdered, as members of the con
stabulary who killed a man for resisting
arrest found on his person a. revolver,
watch and chain which had belonged to
Mr. Thomas, one of the teachers refer
red to. .
Teachers May Have Been Killed.
DUBLIN. June 27.— A meeting of tha
directory of the United Irish League was
held to-day. John Redmond, chairman of
the league; John Dillon and Michael Da
vitt were nominated to represent th*
home organization at the convention of
the American branches of the league to
be held in Boston next year. Considera
ble progress was reported at to-day'*
meeting in the formation of branches and
an address was adopted denouncing the
land bill and urging open defiance of the
coercion courts.
Irish League Directory Meets.
James, or "Jim" Hunter, as he was
called by his legion of acquaintance*, was
born in Ireland of dcoicn parents seventy
one years ago and came to the United
States when .quite young. He followed
the occupation of gauging nearly all his
life and for a time was in the employ of
the Revenue Department of the Federal
Government. He was a generous, whole
souled character and a stanch friend
He leaves a wife and six children, three
sons and three daughters.. He was the
father of Miss Isabelle G. "Hunter, the
artist, and Miss Emma Hunter, the ex
pert tenr.is player.^ His youngest son, Jo
seph W. Hunter, died early this year.
Hunter was a member of the Masonic
fraternity, being affiliated with a San
Francisco lodge. Arrangements for the
funeral, which will be held from tho fam
ily residence, have not been completed.
Although his-health had been poor for
some months. Hunter was In his usual
spirits when he left his home at 2050 Santa
Clara avenue to go to his office across the
bav. His sudden demise comes as a se
vere, shock to his family and many
friends. Heart disease is thought to have
been the cause of death. '.z >¦-."..'
ALAMEDA,. June 27.-James Hunter
widely known throughout the State as a
liquor gauger, dropped dead near the
ferry depot in San Francisco this morn
ing.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
A reception will be tendered the women
attending the summer session of the
State University by the Young Women's
Christian Association at Stiles Hall- on
next Tuesday evening. V The ladles having
the affair in charge 'are: Miss Llllio
Janes. Miss Grace • Barnett, Miss Kose
Hermann, Miss -Agnes Stowell, Miss Kate
Foster and Miss Ethel Jones.
Recitations, which were delayed yester
day, owing to the great numbers endeav
oring to register at the recorder's office,
wef>*begun to-day. The activities of tho
summer session will be formally inaugu
rated by a university meeting which will
be held in Harmon Gymnasium on Mon
day. ¦
BERKELEY, June 27.— The enrollment
at the University of California Summer
School, which has been- in : progress for
two days, shows an attendance this year
which surpasses any previous session.
Although the recorder has not yet re
ceived the full number of registrations,
the number of applicants for admission
so far has been more than 825.
.A feature of the attendance at the pres
ent session Is the large percentage of stu
dents from without the State. Many far
Eastern colleges are represented. The
fact ,¦ that Mrs: Stanford will not allow
summer sessions to be conducted at Stan
ford University has resulted in the en
rollment of over thirty students from that
institution at the California Summer
School.
OAKLAND, June 27.— The County Board
of Education refused to-day to entertain
the proposition to establish ninth grades
In the county schools.. In r thus deciding
Ihe report: Indorsed the 'report of a spe
cial cpmrnUtee that, was appointed to in
vestigate the proposition, consisting of
P. M. Fisher, Dr. J.. N. Gamble and
Charles -L. Ingler./ They -found that the
grades could not be established in one
Bchool unless it was' established In all
and that several years ago when the dis
tricts had a chance to secure the grades
they did not avail themselves of it. When
the report ot the committee was read rnd
discussed Superintendent Crawford moved
as a substitute 'that the grades be estab
lished, but the motion was lost. On the
vote for the acceptance of the report the
Superintendent was the only one to vote
against it.
Is Not a General Demand for a
. . Longer Course.
Special Committee Reports ThatTheie
COUNTY/: BOARD RE^TTSES
" NINTH GRADE IN SCHOOLS
J. Hunter Drops Paad
Soon After Leaving*
His Home.
Large Number: of Stan
. ford Students Will
. Work at Berkeley.
FINAL SUMMONS
COMES SUDDENLY
The agreement also Includes slight in
creases in the personnel of the construc
tion and- engineer -corps. The proposed
increase in the medical and pay corpa
was struck out, it being understood that
the naval personnel act would be taken
up at the next session and materially re
vised. The submarine. torpedo-boats pro
vision also was struck out.
: WASHINGTON* June 27.— The conferees
on the naval appropriation bill reached
an agreement to-day, on all items except
that 'of building warships in Government
yards. The agreement includes $300,000
for Improving the. new naval station at
Charleston. S. C. This agreement was
reached after Chairman Foss of tha
House conferees had been assured that
the original plan of selling the Port Royal
station would be carried out.
AGREEMENT IS REACHED
ON NAVAL APPROPRIATION
Without argument the case was sub
mitted to the jury, and two minutes after
retiring to deliberate the twelve men re
turned with a verdict finding the defend
ant insane. Devine received the verdict
without moving a muscle.
Judge Melvin said he would formally
commit Devine next Monday. At the re
quest of the family he will be sent to the
Agnew asylum. , . v
widow, to testify, but she declined. She
stated to the Deputy District Attorney,
however, that she wished him confined,
so that there would be no other sufferers
by his Insane delusion.
SLAYER OF JOHN J. O'CON
NOR, WHO HAS BEEN^DE
CLARED INSANE. "
MANY TO ATTEND
SUMMER SESSION
"David Devine,- the murderer's nephew,
and . David Dillon, his friend, both of
whom were section hands under liim, tes
tified to-day that Devine harbored a re
sentment against O'Connor that they
tried to persuade him was purely imag
inary. He would have none of It, how
ever, and swore he would have his ene
my's life blood, because he believed him
to have ; broken* up his family relations.
-He. talked, about it. in^his sleep and he
talked about it by day.
. Dr. A.. T. Hatch, superintendent of .ue
State Lunacy Commission, corroborated
the - diagnosis of. the other physicians
who had examined- Devine and pro
nounced-him insane. From his observa
tions of the man, he said, he believed
him to be suffering from monomania.
Deputy District Attorney Samuels in
vited Mrs. O'Connor, the murdered man's
. .;-. ¦¦-¦.-..¦¦ jury in Judge Melvin's court that
was impaneled to try him for insanity
declared to-day .that he was mentally ir
responsible when he shot down John J.
O'Connor at. the little pumping station
near Shell Mound on March 31 last. The
decision 'means that. Devine's future home
will be behind high, walls, as -he is never
expected to fully recover his reason.
AKLAND, June 27.— Thomas De
fi -V\ vine is condemned to spend the
11 II rest of his days within the con
\^J/ fines of an insane asylum. The
Cyrus Abbott, Irma Aitken,, Janet Alexander,
Nellie Algeo, VVilbert Allen, Herman Allison,
Dexter Amick, Theodore ¦ Anderson, - Inge Aa
muEsen. Joseph Barbano, Ben Barnett,- Ken
neth ; Beaver. Jennie Belden,- Albert K. Bell,
Clara Bell, Gladys Bingham, ' Arthur Brunner.
Frank Bruzzone, Harry Bryan. Peter E. Bush
Charles Callahan, -Max- Carash, -Fred Carlisle-
John Carter, Annie Cashbaugh. Mae Chamber
lain, Herbert Chamberlln, .Lewis Chamberlln,
F. C. £lark. John :.Cooper, -Buth Cor
nelius, Robert A. Coster, W. L. • Cottle,
Thomas Culhane, • Louise A. Curdts, -. Fibreneo
Dorsey, Eva Dowling,: George ' bowling,. Maude
Duke* , . Leland j Edwards, Fxanlr Elchler, -Elsie.
Enloe, George W. Fink, Ella Fisher, A. W.
Follensbee, Alexandra M. Fowler, Mrs. M E
Frances, Sophia Fritsch, John Fryer, Charles
Gadeden, L. A. Qalbreath. Maybelle Qlbbs. F.
A. Gibson, Mrs. - Ida Gibson, Porter B Gist
Millenetta Greene. W. B: Griess, Nellie Guerin
EvaGulrey, Dora A. Hansen, Sarah Harbine,
Velle Haslet, Henry Hassard, Hattie Heider, J.
Edward Hemmings, Miss Gordon Hill, May
Hutsell, Juliufc' Jacobson, George Johnson, Sel
ma Johnson, Louise Kehoe, Lester Kent," John
Ketjen, Guy D. Kraft, Martha Kyed, Maude
Lauken. Vera Lawrence, Edith Lewthwaite
Jennie Llndgrln, Charlotte Uneham, Gertrude
Livingston, Ethel Mayon, Susie McCabe, Carrie
McCullagh, Jeanette McCully, Mary McGlln
chey, Russell McKinnon, J. B. McMillan J
Bernice Mills, .Arthur Mitchell. Daisy Ne'ece.
TlV'alter Newport, Ralph Pearee, Ida Penny
James Queenan. Alice Quinn. Isabel Rtfttray.
A. P. : Reed. Elmer Reed, Mrs. Mae Reed,
Charles Renfro, Clyde Rheln. Agnes Robertson
Daly Robnett, Mildred Robnett, Arnold Rose
Frances Rose, Melville Rose, Eunice Sargent'
Florence Saunders. Blanche Sawyer, Florence
Seither. Florence Sherman, Frank Smith Ag
nes Sorbj\ Margaret Street, Louis Sutter.' Julia
Swafford, Klma Swenton, Inez Titus Edward
Twogood, May Vancuren, -s John Vera, Edith
Wall, Samuel "Warner, Alice E. West, Mre
"Westover. Walter Whipple,-, Lucretla C. Wil
liam*. Lela "Willis. . ....,*¦.-.= ...-
Those who received . diplomas were :
Stacy Students Complete the Course
i at; the Polytechnic College In
:\ ;^ : '^v-baklaiid.'; ¦¦'.¦..!'
OAKLAND, June 27.~One hundred and
thirty graduates were ; presented : with di
plomas ' a,t the. commencement Y exercises
of"; the' Polytechnic Business -College to
night. Addresses were delivered by. May
or Anson Barstow and County Superin
tendent of Schools T. 0. Crawford. A
literary and musical programme was ren
dered. : : :^ •
DIPLOMAS ARE GRANTED ;
; r .BUSINESS GRADUATES
Under no circumstances can any candi
date take a trading delegation to the. Re
publican State Convention from this
county without the consent of Mr. Met
calf.
The question that 13 now agitation Ala
meda County Is whether Mr. Metcalf
wants that delegation for himself for
Governor.
But the action of the Congressional
Committee in declaring for one delega
tion makes the Congressman master of
the situation, and he can now take what
he wants himself or force other candi
dates to come to him. *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, June 27.
The Republican Congressional Commit
tee of the Third Congressional District
decided to-day that there should be but
cne set of del ates to both the State
and Congressional conventions and that
tbe delegates that were elected to nomi
nate a Congressman from this district
should also sit in the State convention
and assist in selecting the general offi
cers ot the State. This means that don*
Sressma.n Victor H. Metcalf will take an
interest In more than his own nomination
f pr Congress, and that he will have a de
cided anchor to windward in case any
thing happens in the State convention of
which he may decide to take advantage.
It means thatwhoeyer desires any favors
at the hands of'the delegation from this
county must first consult with Victor H.
Metcalf, who is thus made the party
leader on this side of the bay.
• The. nomination of Mr. Metcalf for Con
gress was absolutely assured and there
has been a belief growing that the* Con
gressman might even carry the county
against all comers for any other office.
There has been much talk within his own
county that he might enter the lists for
Governor, but until the action of the Con
gressional Committee there has never
been any Indication that the Congress
man looked beyond his seat In the na
tional legislature. Now the politicians
are wondering if the Congressman has
t'ecided . to look for State honors. His
friends in Oakland say "no." and tha
Congressman is in Washington maintain
ing a judicious silence.
The Gage men in Alameda County are
anxious to see Mr. Metcalf succeed In
Congress. They are making an Alameda
County campaign for him for- a member
of the Cabinet, so anxious are they that
Mr. Metcalf should remain in Washing
ton.
The Pardee men have already declared
against a delegation from this county
that would nominate both a Congressman
s'.nd a Governor, for that would force
Pardee to go to Metcalf. The touching
anxiety of the Pardee men to see Met
calf succeed In his ambitions In Wash
ington is equaled only by that of the
Gage men.
At an early hqur ; A r t]?is .. morning Mrs.
Eoeddiker,, who , was ; alone Ixi 'the; house
at the time,': was" attracted ¦ by'fttie fspunds
of a scuf}iihg : under^thfi ; hoiis.e : . r Going to
the- door, she was ,'stagtted to We a wild
cat come- out from > under ¦, the house and
run up a tree riearithjsi front porch. : ¦¦'."¦ ¦.:-:'
The two. dogs which; iCblloweci the animal
so enraged it by their. baying^ that the big
cat sprang. directly,- upon,, s them and com
menced to fight. 1 - A • i-tatttje • * royal was
waged-for almost half an hour,, "both dogs
sintering considerably™ before the fierce
cut was finally dispatched..'*- ~
It has been decided to- put 'the stuffed
skin of the beasts in ' the. ¦ university
museum. ;¦.--, ••,-.. ~'i"- :¦;'.;.¦¦-¦.*' : .-•¦ ' •' •
BERKELEY, June 27.— The . TJniyersity
of California- amply proves its. t}tle>;to be
ing a far western college v by th*e fact that
wild beasts still prow^'on its'i campus, i
This morning a full i£r<iwn: wildcat weigh- |
ing twenty-live, pbarids*. -was -killed .by 1
dogs belonging to * George' Boeddiker, a !
university- watchman, living ; * in a remote ,
part of the college grounds known as Oo-j
ed Canvo'n. , ,-H.'' ¦'•-. : -* / : . .".?:-. \;. Vv-'i
Mrs. Boeddiker Witnesses Its
Fierce Fight With Dogs
From Her Perch.
Congressman Is Interested in
More Than His Own
Nomination. ¦.
One Set of Delegates
Will Serve at Two
Conventions.
Wildcat Gives Battle
Amid Classic Halls
of University.
¦ __ *. ¦ <
METCALF GAINS
BIG ADVANTAGE
BEAST INVADES
COLLEGE CAMPUS
Among the Many Stories Afloat Is One That the Newspaper Man
Found Favor With the Grand Jury of Alameda County by
Turning State's Evidence Against Both His Friends and Enemies
Thomas Devine Is Condemned to Spend the Rest of His
Days Within the Confines .of Insane Asylum, Experts
. Holding That Reason Is Impaired Beyond Treatment
JURY FORMALLY ADJUDGES
O'CONNOR'S SLAYER INSANE
ESCAPE OF EDITOR DANIELS
FURNISHES FOOD FOR GOSSIP
TjHE SAN- FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
C
9
POSTUM CEHEAL.
The jnore purely .negative soap is,
t the nearer dotfs it approach perfection.
Unless: you have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it—^ nothing but soap.
- , Established over. ioa years." . ..
WESTERN HOTBLJV '
K BARKY AND WASHINOtOrt , STS.— RE'
modeled and renovated. KINO. . WARD &
-CO.' European plan. Itooms^.50c;to.8l 60 day;
»5 to $$ week: *S to $20 month.' Free buth*:
hot and cold water every roam; ft re- grates in
! avery room;, elevator run» all night.
«w<s ttgnatare i« on every box of the geavSB*
.Laxative Bromo-QuinineT»bie<*
Ur« remedy Ui** cure* a cc!4 In one d*jb
"About ten months ago a baby boy
came to our house. I was, of course,
er.xlous; to have good nourishment for
him and eo drank from five to eight cups
of Postum during the day. This with a
little Grape-Nuts Food each day wa^ all
the nourishment I took, and although the
baby weighed only five pounds at birth
he weighed twelve and one-half pounds
;it three months and at four months fif-
teen pounds. Now he weighs twenty-
three pounds.
"About three weeks ago the little fellow
ruddenly weaned himself, much to our
surprise. I tried him on cow's milk, but
he would not have it. I then tried a cer-
tain baby food, then another, but he
would have neither. I felt very anxious
about him, but remembering experiment-
lug vith another boy with Postum I gave
him some, which he drank with the great-
est rellEh. It agreed with him perfectly,
to he lived on it for one week. Since
then he has learned to eat a little* other
food, but he prefers Postum Coffee to
anything else, and looks perfectly de-
lighted when h© sees me coming with it.
I rsaid the other morning, 'I wish the
Pobtum Company could see baby drink
their coffee; it would certainly please
them.' It agrees with him so perfectly
that I shall continue to have .him drink
it to his heart's content I don't like to
have my name printed, but you can say
1 em a Cong. Pastor's wife." Name and
address Riven by Postum Co., J>itle
Creek, Mich.
"When one of our children was a year
old be would not drink milk, so we tried
him on Postum Coffee, and from the first
he llkfd !t and it agrreed with him per-
fectly, so Postum has. been his drink now
lor over four years.
"The old headaches and nervousness
have disappeared and we both enjoy very
much better health.
The wife of a Congregational minister
gives an experience: "It is rather curi-
ous, the manner in "which I came to adopt
Po-stum for my baby. My husband userl
to te troubled greatly with bilious head-
aches and extreme nervousness. This was
about fivo years ago. We concluded that
coffee and tea were the cause of his
troubles and ho gave Postum Food Coffee
a triel. At first we did not like it because
It was not boiled long enough and seemed
weak and tasteless, but after preparing
H properly, ar.d that is easy, we became
very fond of it, and now can honestly say
we prefer it to any coffee or tea.
A coffee that will nourish and furnish
all the food required to rear a baby is
evidently easy food for an adult to digest
end is especially applicable where : or-
dinary coffee does not apree.
HIS EYES DANCE
When His Good Drink Comes.PACIFIC MAIL, LINER AND PACIFI C STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'S
STEAMER WHICH CROSSED THE BAR TOGETHER TESTERDATyTHE
FORMER FROM ORIENT AND LATTER SOUTH AMERICAN PORTS!
Movements of Steamers.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ENSBNADA — Sailed June 27 — Stmr Cura
cao, for San Francisco.
: BRISBANE — Arrived prior to June 26 — Bl
stmr Miowera, from Vancouver.
PORT SAID — Arrived June 2T — Spanish Btmr
Isle de Panay, from Manila.
. CLYDE— Sailed June 26— Br stmr Pak Lins,
for Seattle.
VANCOUVER— Sailed June 27— Br stmr
Aoranirl, for Sydney.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 31— H B M stmr
Phoenix, for Bering Sea.
• ELEELE— Arrived June 20— Brljr Geneva,
from Newcastle, NSW.
Sailed: June 13— Schr James Rolph, for San
Francisco.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 18 — Stmr Sierra,
hence June 12: brjjr Geneva, from Newcastle,
Aus; U S stmr Albatross, from cruise; Br ship
Yola, from Liverpool; bktn Geo C Perkins,
from Eureka; bark Albert, from Laysan
Island. June 20 — Stmr China, from Hong
kong, etc; Nor bark Barossa, from Newcastle,
Aus. June 21 — Bktn Georsjiana, from New
castle, Aus; bark Prussia, hence May 30. June
19 — Bark Gerard C Tobey, hence May 30. i
Sailed June 18 — Schr Mary E Foster, ; for
Port Townsand; stmr Sierra, for Sydney. June
19 — U S stmr Albatross, for cruise. June 21 —
Bark Oregon, for Puget Sound; bark Pactolus,
for San Francisco.
To sail June 23— Bktn S N Castle, for San
Francisco. - " .
Oft port June 21 — A ship supposed to be the
ship Fort GeorRe, from Port Pirie; sighted off
Kanai. - -
To ' sail June 23 — Bktn Archer, for San
Francisco. June 2S — Bark Olympic, for Sar.
Francisco."
ISLAND PORTS.
WHATCOM— Arrived June 27— Schr Albert
Meyer, from San Pedro. • . .
The Police Commissioners at a special
meeting yesterday 'afternoon appointed
the following police officers from the elig
ible list: Charles F. Jenkins, John J.
Cameron, Joseph Mignola, James J. Far
rell, Samuel Higgins, John F. Walsh,
Frederick W. French, John J. Clancy, Ed
mond J. Casey, Joseph P. Maloney,- John
B. McCue, William J. Hyland, William F.
Krueger, Arthur A. Springett and Cormac
McGorty. Thomas L. Murray declined his
appointment. The appointments on pro
motions for one captain, five lieutenants
and eight corporals were not made at the
request of the 1 City Auditor, who asked
that they be deferred till the assessment
roll is completed. A requisition was made
on the Civil Service Commissioners for
twenty-four patrol wagon drivers and
twenty-seven more police officers.
New Policemen. Are Appointed.
The police were also notified that Keen
succeeded in getting $10 and a check for
iVJf) from a, lady passenger on the Ala
meda on his promise that he : would at
tend to her baggage on the arrival of. the
vessel and have the check cashed for her.
Keen is- knovwi among his associates as
the "Reverend John Keen," as he .for
merly harangued crowds on street corners
on the Boer war and other subjects. He
swallowed a dose of poison some time ago
in the Palm restaurant on account of his
unrequited' love for an actress. .
Keen was assiduous in his attentions
till last Thursday; when he disappeared,
aking with him, so Coughell alleges,
157 50, all the money Caugnell had left
and which was kept in a bureau drawer.
The police were notified, and Captain
Martin detailed Detectives Coleman "and
Riordan to arrest Keen. :
When the Alameda was three days out
oji her last trip' to Honolulu Caugheil
broke. his kneecap'. He started back here
pfi the return trip of the vessel, and when
the passengers learned of his misfortune
they subscribed and presented J250 to
him. Keen, who was also on board, vol
unteered to take care of Oaughell, and on
the arrival of the vessel went with him
to his home at 1377 Union street.
John Keen played the good . Samaritan
toward Robert jjl. Caugheil, third officer
of the steamer Alameda. for the purpose
of robbing him, po the police allege, and
now they are searching for him.
ox* the Alameda.
He Is Accused of Robbing
. Third Officer Caugheil
John Keen.
Detectives, Are Looking
for the "Reverend"
MAN AND MONEY
SUDDENLY VANISH
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Hongkong Maru Sails To-Day.
The Japanese liner Hongkong Maru sails -to-
Bevcnty-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa Fe will eell tickets
tt this low rale, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31. 1902. Special
Side ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
granted to holders of these tickets.
Dall upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
igent, 641 Market fit., lor lolder and tull
l&rticuiars.
Sun rises 4 :49
Sun sets. .....;...... ":35
Moon rises/ (third quarter) 11 :66 p". m.
Mrs. Mattle Wise, who was . a . . passenger,
comes from Boras del Toro, which, until a few
weeks ago was In a state of siege. She took
advantage of the lifting of the blockade to
bring her baby to San Francisco to remain un
til life In Colombia becomes more peaceful.'
The Arequipa left Valparaiso thirty-seven
days ago. , . - . :
Captain Lee of the Arequipa reports that
the volcano of Isalco was in action when he
passed, but that it wrought no harm, was in
fact doing good, as It acted as a lighthouse for
the guidance of mariners.
The Pacific Steam' Navigation Company's
Arequipa arrived yesterday from Valparaiso
and way ports. She brought sixty passengers,
including ten Chinese in transit to Hongkong.
The Arequipa passed the insurgent- gunboat
Padilla shortly after leaving Panama. At
Corinto the Arequipa's officers were informed
that the rebel boat was going to bombard and
take possession of Panama, Affairs in Pan
ama are much as . they have been for many
months. Among the passengers from Panama
was Ramon Arias, manager there of the Amer
ican Trade Development Company. He brought
with him his wife and seven chllden. He
comes here for the purpose of placing the lat
ter at school.
Arequipa Arrives From Valparaiso.
Daniel Chielovich, son of the late Ella
Chielovich. who died in May, 1901. peti
tioned the Superior Court yesterday for
the revocation of the order admitting the
will of his father to probate. He alleges
that th<* will, which disposes of an es
tate estimated to be worth several thou
sand dollars, was executed while the tes
tator was under the influence of his
daughter, Mary C. Fottrell of 2217 Fill
more street, who is named as sole legatee.
Mrs. Fottrell who is the wife of Dr. M.
J. Fottrell, it is alleged, procured the
execution of the will by fraudulent mis
representation.
Mary C. Fottrell.
"Was Unduly, Influenced by
Daniel Chielovich Alleges His FathPr
ASICS FOB REVOCATION
OF PROBATE OF WILL
Rat* $72 40, account N. E. A. tickets sold
July 1 and 2, good to return until August 31.
Via Salt Lake and Denver if desired. Time of
tbe Overland Limited less than three days. Call
at General Office, 1 Montgomery st., E. F. •
LOW RATES VIA UNIN PACIFIC R, R
TO MINNEAPOLIS AND RETURN,
Major William P. Kendall, who has
been chosen to succeed Colonel Alfred "C.
GIrard as chief surgeon of the Presidio
General Hospital, has arrived in the city
«jid will assume the duties of his new
position to-day.
Twenty bodies of soldiers who died in
the Philippine service were buried at th-
Presidio yesterdaj-.
The War Department . has counter
manded the order for the sale of the
Hancock and will retain her as an emerg
ency transport.
The Sixth Infantry. Colonel C. W. Min
er in command, will leave the Presidio
this morning for its new station at Fort
Leavenworth. The second squadron of
the Fifth Cavalry will leave for Manila
on the Kilpatrick, which is scheduled to
sail July L
The ten companies of the famous Ninth
Infantry which arrived on the transport
Kil Patrick left for the East yesterday.
Colonel C. F. Robe in command. The
headquarters of the regiment and six
companies will be stationed at Madison
Barracks, New York, and the other com
prnies at Fort Niagara. Captain H. F.,
itethcrs, Lieutenant Coleman and Cap
tain F. Li. Munsen have been transferred
to the Ninth from other organizations
since it arrived. Lieutenant T. F. Bains
has resigned to return to civilian life.
Fifth. Cavalry Are Also Given
Marching Orders.
KTNTH INFANTRY GOES
TO EASTERN STATIONS
Sixth. Infantry Men and Squadron of
Merchandise for Samoa.
The schooner North Bend was cleared yes
terday for Apia, via Pago Pago, with an
asserted cargo, manifested as follows :
For Pago Fago — 105,347 ft lumber, 3060 lbs
bread, 282 lbs sugar, 125 cs canned salmon, 13
coils rope, 64 pkgs hardware, 21 pkgs lamp
goods, 28 pkgs ship chandlery, 9 cs assorted
canned goods, 1000 pickets, 48 kegs nails, 250
cs coal oil, 415 lbs soda, 4 pkgs pumps, 18
pkgs paints and oils, 56 pkgs millwork, 20 bdls
chairs, 12 bars and 3 bdls iron, 8 bales dry
goods, 3 stoves and 25 pkgs sewer pipe. Value,
$6205.
For Apia— 87,483 ft lumber, 3360 lbs rice, 45
cs assorted canned Roods, 10,120 lbs bread, 30
cs whisky, 4 cs wine, 463 cs canned salmon.
2G0 lbs meal, 100 lbs sugar, 120 lbs starch. 14
pkgs groceries and provisions, 406 lbs soda.
8 pkgs paints and oils, 25 pkgs hardware, 9
crta stoves, 19 pkgs lamp goods, 4 coils rope,
427 bdls pickets, 29 pkgs millwork, 30 kegs
nails, 50 bdls laths, 5 pkgs saddlery and har
nese, S bales twine and 3 pkgs wagons. Value.
$5998.
Notice to Mariners.
ESTERO BAY— CALIFORNIA
Nctice Is hereby given that Cayucos Landing
Buoy, a first-class spar, black. No. 1, which
recently went adrift, was replaced June 24,
In about its old position in '4^4 fathoms of
water. End Cayucos Wharf, N.. Whalers Isl
and. E.S.E. *A E., Black Rock, W.S.W. ?i W.
(werterly). »
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1002, page 16.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.. .
J. B. MILTON, Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes In the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List o* Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1002.
OREGON.
Columbia River, Main Ship Channel from
Astoria to Tongue Point. On June 28 the
wreck of Silva de Grasse Buoy No. 2^ will
bo discontinued and wreck of Silva de Gras.se
Buoy No. 4 will be moved to the position it
occupied prior to June 7, lOOl 1 ,
WASHINGTON
Eagle Harbor, page 78. Wing Point Reef
Buoy No. 2f a red, second-class nun. Is re
ported on June 21 as having gone adrift from
its r-osltion of the* S. point of the reef. It
will be replaced as early as practicable.
Rosarlo Strait and Obstruction Passes, page
84/ Lawson Reef Bell Buoy, a red and black
H. S. nun-shaped, lattice- work body, sur
mounted by a bell. Is reported on June 23 as
capsized and fast to the bottom near tho reef
in an inverted position. It will be replaced by
a perfect buoy as early as practicable.
I By order of the Lighthouse Board ••'">.'
.W." P. DAY, Commander. U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector. -
Office of Inspector, Thirteenth Lighthouse Dis
trict, Portland, Oregon. June 24, 1902
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent:
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the . city • front (Mis3ion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JUNE 23,
A Cargo for Mexico-,
The schooner Rover waa cleared yesterday
for Mazatlan with 21,274 feet lumber, 2715 cs
blasting powder and 25 cs caps and fuse, val
ued at $16 171. !, ••
Mrs. H. TV. Caldwell of 9 Langton
•treet, secured a warrant from Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of George
Aubertine on a charge of falling to pro
vide for his two young children. Mrs.
CaJdwell is Mrs. Aubertine's sister and
Mrs. Aubertine and her children have
been living with her. She alleges' that
Aubertine has not contributed anything
toward the support of nis family for some
monifcs. Aubertine is a former president
cf the Barbers' Union and was one of the
deputies appointed by Powel Fredrick
when Fredrick was named Clerk of the
Justices of the Peace by Mayor Schmitz.
Accused of Failure to Provide.
The British ship Stronsa is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at 20s 6d (July
loading). The new schoone'r Marconi, now at
Coos Bay, loads lumber*, there for Delagoa Bay
at 67s 6d. The barkentine Encore will load
lumber at Willapa Harbor for Valparaiso lor
orders. The bark R. P. Rithet returns to
Honolulu and the bark Edward May, to Maka
well, with general cargo.
Charters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The lighthouse tender Madrono returned yes
terday from San Diego, where she has been
overhauling, lighthouses.
Madrono Returns From San Diego.
From Honolulu — Miss F. R. Yarrow. J.
Jaskulek, C. V. Anthony, E. Anthony,
Miss A. Huntlngton, Miss M. R. Weir. Mrs.
W. H. Rice, Mrs. R. Chamberlain. Miss J.
Kelly, Mrs. O. H. Otis. C. F. Applegate, Mrs.
C. F. Applegate, A. A. Young, Mrs. A. A.
Young. Miss E. J. Cartwright, H. Warren,
Mrs. George I. Augur, A. S. Cantln, B. A.
Powers, Miss C. A. Carter, Mrs. O. C. Lewis,
F. J. Lewis, W. H. Smith, J. S. Spitzer, L.
Honigsberger, Miss D. Hartwell, Dr. W. S.
Porter. Miss E. M. Cheek. W. Kincald, H.
Chamberlain.. R. Chamberlain Jr.. M. C.
Augur. Miss D. B. Atwater, Mrs. Van Clief,
Mrs. W. F. Herrin. Miss K. Herrln. Miss B.
Herrin, Mies A. Herrin, Miss N. Parker. J. H.
Todd. F. Von Homeycr, Captain J. H. Sutton,
T. S. Lippy, Mrs. T. S. Lippy.
From Yokohama — E. Achilles, M. G. Bally,
J. C. BaUagh. Miss B. Berner, Mrs. H. Chris
tenson. Miss A. M. Christenson. B. DaJchow. H.
B. Fj-lkke. C. F. Gilbert. Mrs. C. F. Gilbert,
F. H.\Grant, T. Hashimoto, Percy M. T. Hill
Dr. Y* Kishimcto. Rev. G. M. Meaeham. Mas-
Ur C. McAipine, J. P. Rodier, S. Sato, Mrs. J.
L. Stanford.
From Hongkong — Lieutenant TV. Clifford, J.
Hamilton. I>r. and Mrs. . W. Hartigan, Miss
M. A. Hartigan. Captain E. G. Waymouth,
Captain T. N. W'akefleld, Miss Wong Kim Ti.
From Shanghai— Mrs. C. W. Kennedy, A. A.
Eberhelm. P. B. Lalcaca, H. Knipplngr.
From Nagasaki — Mrs. G. H. Jones and child.
Miss M. Jones, Nathan Mess, Mrs. N. Mess,
Miss M. Mess, Jerome Alexandra.
The China sighted the charred remains
of the ship Fannie Kerr on June 20 about
700 miles northwest of Kanai. Tugboats
are out from Honolulu searching for th*
derelict.
The China brought 17S5 tons of cargo
and passengers as follows:
Among the cabin passengers was Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford, who has been visiting
Honolulu and traveling in the Orient.
T. N. Wakefield and E. G. Waymouth,
captains in the Royal Artillery, were also
passengers, and were the prime movers
in the coronation celebration held on
board. Captain Wakefield was promoted
for gallantry at the siege of Peking, and
is j.feid to be the youngest captain in the
British army. The two soldiers went
from the steamer to the Pacific Union
Club with ' Purser H. A. Jerome.
This is probably Purser Jerome's last
trip on the China. He is a member ot
the Pacific Union Club, and as such has
proved so valuable to the Mail Com
pany that he will be placed In charge of
the clerical force on the Korea, Jerome
has . grown gray in the Mall Company's
service. He gained his present positiCn
through influential relatives In New
York. The club life on which he embarks
when ashore keeps him up to date in the
handling of high-class travel at sea. He
knows just the kind of bed this man
likes and understands where to place
that man at the saloon table. Ilis re
ward will come when the Korea arrives
and he takes his place as clerk of the
biggest steam hotel on the Pacific.
The China arrived yesterday afternoon
from the Orient. She brought 366 Asiatic
passengers, mostly Japanese from Hon
olulu, 37 in the steerage and 87 in the
¦cabin.
royal salute of twenty-one guns
was fired from the liner's signal piece,
and an elaborate banquet was spread in
the saloon. It was with gravest dismay
that the loyal Britishers among the pas
sengers. In deference to whose wishes
the celebration had been arranged,
learned from Pilot Steve Castle when he
boarded the steamship yesterday that
the King- whose official recognition they
had celebrated was. still uncrowned .and
possibly dying.
coronation of King Edward
I VII was celebrated on Thursday
I on board the Pacific Mail Com
1L party's steamship China, The
"tt'lth Harry T. Scott, quartermaster's pur
veyor, as auctioneer. Uncle Sam yesterday sold
a large pil<; of junk on the transport dock.
The junk was^ade up of a variety of articles
condemned after careful trial by Colonel
Chamberlain, who now has charge of this part
of the transport work. The sale realized $1640.
Auction Sale of Junk.
day^for the Orient. Since her arrival here the
steamship has undergone considerable internal
overhauling and remodellngr. A large stair
case has been built from the saloon to the
main- deck and she has been generally im
proved by the chang-es. . She will carry thirty
cabin pasesngers, about 3000 ' tons of freight
and silver bullion valued at $400,000.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to M. L. Furtado from Lena D.
Furtado for infidelity, Hulda McCrory
from Samuel McCrory for desertion and
Minnie Whitmore from C. D. Whitmore
for desertion.
Norah Corley filed a suit for mainte
nance against her husband, Timothy Cor
ley, yesterday, alleging that he has not
provided for her since March 20, 1902. Cor
ky is a bartender at 132 Eighth street.
Judge Murasky made an order yester
day directing Charles B. Wedekind to
pay $S0 a month to his wife, Elizabeth
wedekind, who sued him for mainte
nance.
Alice Margaret Krow brought suit for
divorce against Max Krow yesterday, al
leging cruelty. She charges him with
beating her and with wasting his earn
ings by betting on the races. They were
married in January,- 1900, and have one
child.
Anna Cantor is being sued for divorce
by Nathan Cantor on the ground of de
sertion. Cantor alleges that his wife left
him without reason in July. 1838. They
were married in Russia in 1890.
Jennie Mayer is suing Albert Mayer,
to whom she was married in March, 1888,
for divorce on the ground of cruelty. Sh«
alleges that Mayer compelled her to live
in a miserable cabin near La Honda, San
ilateo County, while he remained in this
city, and compelled her to work as a
xnenial about pleasure resorts to earn a
living for him. She also accuses him of
attempting to beat and choke her.
CANTOB ALLEGES DESERTION.
Judge Hebbard also granted Agnes P.
Rippey a divorce from Robert II. Rippey
for neglect.
Judge Hebbard granted Helen Camp
bell a divorce from Harry Campbell yes
terday on the grounds of neglect and In
fidelity. Mrs. Campbell testified that
Bincc her marriage in February. 189S. she
had been supported by her parents, her
husband having given her only 50 cents
in all that time.
The trial lasted several days and the
feeling displayed throughout was bitter
In the extreme. Charges and counter
charges were made and the names and
reputations of m,any fair maids and statc-
Jy'matrons suffered in the exchange. But
the court decided that Mr. and Mrs. Sai
inond should remain one in law. but two
in fact, and issued the order for the pay
ment of the sum named for Mrs. Sal
mond's separate maintenance.
The Salmond divorce proceedings at
tracted a great deal of attention owing
to the prominence of the litigants and
the bitterness displayed on both sides.
The- trouble commenced with the filing
of a- suit for maintenance by Mrs. Sal
mond. who asked for $100 a ; month out
of the captain's monthly salary of $200.
Ealmc-nd tiled an answer in which he ai
leged that he had always provided fur
her liberally, and in a cross-complaint
a^ked that li«> be granted a divorce on
the ground of cruelty. He alleged that
his wif*» rnadf his life miserable by ac
cusing him of displaying a fondness for
other women. Mrs. Salmond rested but
i: few 'days under the imputations in the
i-aptafn's complaint and then flied counter
charges, in which f^he accused Salmond
of paying too much attention to femai»
passengers on his steamer and of treat
ing her cruelly in various other ways.
She asked that the captain's prayer lor
a divorce be denied and that: she be
granted a decree.
BITTER- FEELING MANIFEST.
Captain Colin E. fralmond of the steam
er Wellington was refused a divorce from
Mary E. Palmond yesterday and was or
dered to pay his- wife $00 a month for
her separate maintenance. Judge Heb
bard found that Salmond had not prove!
that his wife had treated him cruelly,
but that, on the contrary, the mariner
had been guilty of neglect.
Court Makes Order Giving
the Wife Allowaiica for
. Support. .
Judge Hebbard Refuses
to Grant Mariner a
Divorce.
FINDS SALMOND
WAS NEGLECTFUL
CHINA ARRIVES FROM ORIENT;
AREQUIPA FROM VALPARAISO
British Passengers on the Pacific Mail Boat Hold- Coronation
Ceremonies at Sea and Learn With; Grave Dismay of the
Illness of Their King— Liner Sights the Hull of the Fannie Kerr
NOTE — In the abovo • exposition I of - : the : tides
the early ¦ morning tides are given 'in the: left
hand column and the successive .tides of the
day in the order of .occurrence as to time; the
HOQUIAM — Sailed June 27— Stmr Grace,
Dollar, for San Francisco.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 27—
Stmr Whltesboro, from Greenwood.
NEAH BAY— Passed In June 27— Br Btmr
Oceano, from Astoria, for Puget Sound; atmr
Valencia, from Nome, for Seattle; Br stmr
Arab, hence June 23, for Ladysmith.
Passed out June 27 — Bark Gatherer, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco; stmr Rainier,
from Whatcom, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 27— Stmr Brook
lyn, hence - June 24.
Sailed June 27— Stmr Del Norte, for vSan
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 27— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 26.
Sailed June 27— Stmr Alliance,' for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 27— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed June 27— Schr
Commerce, . for Guayaquil. !:•>.-
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 21— Stmr J
S Kimball, from Cape Nome, for Seattle. . .
In Dort June 21— Stmr .- Brunswick, hence
May 19: ship Florence, from Comox. [
Sailed June 21— Stinr John S Kimball. for
Seattle; stmr Dora, for Cape Nome.,
POINT REYES— Passed June 27, 11:50 a m
— Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived <June 20— Schr
Lettitia, hence June C. • • • . -.
Sailed June 26— Schr C A Thayer, for San
Francisco. \. ... . . ¦• . s
NEHALEM . RIVER— Sailed June 26— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco. -
Arrived June 27— Stmr . San Pedro. « henca
June 23; stmr Chehal is, hence June 23.
TACOMA— Sailed ! June 20— Bark Haydn
Brown, for San Pedro. ¦ ¦•¦•-, <
Arrived June 27— Bark Vidette. from San
Pedro. • ' ;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 27— Ship
S D Carleton,'. hence June 3; Br ship Thistle
bank, from Santa Rosalia. •
Passed in June 27— Schr Orient, hence June
I. for Port Blakeley; stmr Eureka,' hence June
23, for Seattle: schr Wempe Brothers, from
Redondo: bark Vidette. from San Pedro,
g Passed outward. June I 27 — Bark Haydn
Brown, from Tacoma. for San Pedro., .
Arrived June 27— Nor shin Queen of Scots,
from Sydney; bktn J M Griffith, hence June
5, for Port Hadlock; stmr Bonlta and schr
Oceania Vance, from San Pedro, for Port
Haillock. . .
SEATTLE— Arrived June 26— Stmr Doltfhln,
from Skairway: bark Alex McNeil, hence June
15. June 27 — Stmr Roanoke, from Cape Nome :
stmr Eureka, hence June 23.
' ™1?£ , J ? n . e ' 27 ~ Stmr Excelsior, for Valdez.
PORT '^HADLOCK— Arrived JUne 27— Schr
2 c fiU n \? * Vance . from San ; Pedro; bktn J M
Griffith, hence June K. •..-._.
¦ FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 27— Stmr Na
tional City. : for San Francisco.
NOME— Arrived. June 16— Stmr. Oregon, from
Seattle. June 17— Stmr' Valencia, from Seattle.
June ( IS— Stmr Indiana, : from; Seattle; Btmr
Corwln, from. Seattle. . ., '•¦.-•
In. port June 18— Stmr Garonne, for Seattle;
stmr Centennial, for Seattle; Btmr Senator, for
Seattle. ' ¦ -• . , • . •• ¦
BT , MICHAEL— Arrived June 16— Stmr St
Paul, .hence; June 3. ' :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 27. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 36 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
May 30, lat 8 N. Ion 27 W— Br ship St
Enoch, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
June 10, lat 7 N, Ion 27 W— Fr bark Jeanne
Cordonnlere, from Port Talbot. for San Fran
cisco. . ¦'-...
Friday, June 27.
Stmr Mandalny, liendeeuard, Bandon, Or.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, Santa Cruz.
Schr Rover, Zachary, Mazatlan.
Schr Onward. Joruenson, Coquille River.
Schr Bender Brothers,- Wetzel, Coquille
River.
Schr North Bend, Jackson. -Pago Pago.
SPOKEN.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San . Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Bark Kaiulanl, Griffiths, Honolulu; "Wil
liams. Dlmond & Co.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Pago Pago; J
WIchtman Jr.
Schr Rover, Zachary, - Mazatlan; I Gutte.
SAILED. ' *
Schr Western Home, Lembke, « days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Glen, Nelson, 38 hours from Eureka.
Friday, June 27.'
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 62 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound for Kedondo; put In to
land passengers, 1 . •••
Stmr China. Frlele, 28 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 16 days, via Honolulu 6 days.
Stmr Arctic," lteiner, 22 days from Eureka.- |
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 14 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. • ¦ -
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, <U% hours from
Port Los Angeles.
Br stmr Arequlpa, Lee. 36 days from Val
paraiso, etc. . .
Schr Berwick, Ackerman, 6 days from Co-
Quille River.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, 12 hours from Iver
eens Landing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED:
- j. t. McMillan.
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograptalc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
. June 27, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferrjr
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich" time.
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except v/hen a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the- number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALXVV SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
10
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W L, W H W L W .
28 4:22 3.7 10:22 1.8 5:17 ~b1 ITToi 2.0
29 5:53 3.6 11:15 2.2 0:00 6.2 -
L W H W L W H W '
SO 0:51 1.3 7:24 3.6 12:12 2.4 6:46 U
1 J:49.0.4 S:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7:34 '5.0
2 2:42— 0.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 2.8 8:33 58
3 3:33—0.7 10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:15 6 0
4 | 4:22|— t.l 11:32 4.0 3:57 2.8 10:08 6 0
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
G. Llndaucr. . San Pedro June 2S
Rival Willapa Harbor June 23
Nevadan..... New York June 28
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 28
S. Monica. . . . San Pedro June 28
Despatch.... San Pedro June 23
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 28
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor June 28
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 28
Wellington . . . Oyster Harbor June 28
Curacao..... Mexican Ports ..June 20
Argo Eel River Ports June 23
Rainier Whatcom June 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Pentanr Seattle June 2!)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Brooklyn. . . . San Pedro j June 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June 30
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos. ..... Hamburg v. ¦ West Coast. June 30
Arcata i Coos Bay & Port Or ford July 1
Eureka Humboldt July 1
Umatilla Puget Scnnd Ports .... July 1
Corona... ... Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor July ; 2
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 3
Chehalls Grays Harbor July 3
Arab • • Nanaimo July 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July 4
Doric. ....... China •& Japan : July 5
Newburg.... San Pedro July 6
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....'. July 6
Australia. . . . Tahiti July 7
Zealandla. . . . Honolulu July - 8
Newport New York via Panama. July 8
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalla.1 Pier.
S Barbara.
Eureka. ...
Pt. Arena..
H. Maru...
San Juan..
Santa Rosa
Alliance...
Despatch. . .
Arctic...:.
Erooklyn..'.
Lakme. . .. ;
Argo.......
Rival......
Queen
Jane 2S.
Astoria & Portland.
Humboldt
Point Arena
China & Japan
N. Y. via Panama.
Jane 29.
San Diego & Way.
June 30. ¦
Portland & Way Pts|
Seattle-Falrhaven' ..
Huraboldt
Point Arena ;.
Portland & Way. . .
Eel River Ports
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Puget Sound Ports.
July 1.
Humboldt .........
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Pt. Arena & Albion
San Pedro & Wav. .
Humboldt .... .;.'..
Valparaiso & War..
July 3. |
Coos Bay & Pt-Orfd
Astoria '& Portland.
Grays Harbor ..:'..
July 3.
Seattle & Whatccm
San Diego &Way.
Sydney & a Way: .
Hamburg & Way. .
July 5.
Newport & Way Pts
Grays -Harbor 1 .;...
Grays . Harbor .-. . . .
Puget Sound Ports.
July O.
Mendoclno City ...
Grays Harbor
July 7.
Astoria & Portland.
• July S.
China & Japan....
N. T. via Panama!
Mexican Ports
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier ,2
1 pm PMSS
12 m PMSS
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 16
12 m Pier 16
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
I 4 pm Pier 2
'4 pm Pier ' 2
11 am Pier 19
|l:30pPier 9
5 pm Pier - 2
6 pm Pier 13
» am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
12 m Pier 13
II am Pier 24
6 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
12 . m Pier 10
Pomona. . . .
C. Nelson..
Albion Rlv.
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Arequlpa..
Arcata
Columbia. .
G. Dollar..
Rainier..'..
State Cal..
Sonoma. . . .
Pentaur. ...
Corona
Coronado..'
Chehalis. ..
Umatllla. . .
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier ( 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am I Pier 19
Phoenix, il*
Newburg.. .
3 pm Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
1 pm PMSS
12 | m PMSS
10 am Pier 11
G. Elder..!
China
San Jose...
Curacao....
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.
Spokane.. 1 ... Skagway & Way Ports.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.
Senator. . . . . . Nome . . ............: .". .
Oregon. . . . . . . Nomp & Teller .........
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
Humboldt.". . . Skagway & Way Ports.
Roanoke.:..'. Nome & St. Michael.;;
Farallon. .... Skagxvay &' Way Ports.
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports.
Ohio .-...': Nome & St. 1 Michael....
Bertha.: ...'.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.
Al-Kl .;...... Skagway f & Way ; Ports .
June 28
June 2S
June 28
July 1
July 1
July 2
July 3
July ¦¦¦ :i
July \ 5
July: 5
July!- 8
July ' 8
I July 8
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W L, W H W L W .
28 4:22 3.7 10:22 1.8 5:17 ~b1 ITToi 2.0
29 5:53 3.6 11:15 2.2 0:00 6.2 -
L W H W L W H W '
SO 0:51 1.3 7:24 3.6 12:12 2.4 6:46 U
1 J:49.0.4 S:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7:34 '5.0
2 2:42— 0.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 2.8 8:33 58
3 3:33—0.7 10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:15 6 0
4 | 4:22|— t.l 11:32 4.0 3:57 2.8 10:08 6 0
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.
Spokane.. 1 ... Skagway & Way Ports.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.
Senator. . . . . . Nome . . ............: .". .
Oregon. . . . . . . Nomp & Teller .........
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.
Humboldt.". . . Skagway & Way Ports.
Roanoke.:..'. Nome & St. Michael.;;
Farallon. .... Skagxvay &' Way Ports.
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports.
Ohio .-...': Nome & St. 1 Michael....
Bertha.: ...'.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.
Al-Kl .;...... Skagway f & Way ; Ports .
June 28
June 2S
June 28
July 1
July 1
July 2
July 3
July ¦¦¦ :i
July \ 5
July: 5
July!- 8
July ' 8
I July 8
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalla.1 Pier.
S Barbara.
Eureka. ...
Pt. Arena..
H. Maru...
San Juan..
Santa Rosa
Alliance...
Despatch. . .
Arctic...:.
Erooklyn..'.
Lakme. . .. ;
Argo.......
Rival......
Queen
Jane 2S.
Astoria & Portland.
Humboldt
Point Arena
China & Japan
N. Y. via Panama.
Jane 29.
San Diego & Way.
June 30. ¦
Portland & Way Pts|
Seattle-Falrhaven' ..
Huraboldt
Point Arena ;.
Portland & Way. . .
Eel River Ports
Wlllapa Harbor ...
Puget Sound Ports.
July 1.
Humboldt .........
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Pt. Arena & Albion
San Pedro & Wav. .
Humboldt .... .;.'..
Valparaiso & War..
July 3. |
Coos Bay & Pt-Orfd
Astoria '& Portland.
Grays Harbor ..:'..
July 3.
Seattle & Whatccm
San Diego &Way.
Sydney & a Way: .
Hamburg & Way. .
July 5.
Newport & Way Pts
Grays -Harbor 1 .;...
Grays . Harbor .-. . . .
Puget Sound Ports.
July O.
Mendoclno City ...
Grays Harbor
July 7.
Astoria & Portland.
• July S.
China & Japan....
N. T. via Panama!
Mexican Ports
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier ,2
1 pm PMSS
12 m PMSS
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 16
12 m Pier 16
10 am Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
I 4 pm Pier 2
'4 pm Pier ' 2
11 am Pier 19
|l:30pPier 9
5 pm Pier - 2
6 pm Pier 13
» am Pier 11
9 am Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
12 m Pier 13
II am Pier 24
6 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
12 . m Pier 10
Pomona. . . .
C. Nelson..
Albion Rlv.
Coos Bay..
North Fork
Arequlpa..
Arcata
Columbia. .
G. Dollar..
Rainier..'..
State Cal..
Sonoma. . . .
Pentaur. ...
Corona
Coronado..'
Chehalis. ..
Umatllla. . .
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier ( 2
4 pm Pier 2
11 am I Pier 19
Phoenix, il*
Newburg.. .
3 pm Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
1 pm PMSS
12 | m PMSS
10 am Pier 11
G. Elder..!
China
San Jose...
Curacao....
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
G. Llndaucr. . San Pedro June 2S
Rival Willapa Harbor June 23
Nevadan..... New York June 28
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 28
S. Monica. . . . San Pedro June 28
Despatch.... San Pedro June 23
S.Barbara... San Pedro June 28
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor June 28
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 28
Wellington . . . Oyster Harbor June 28
Curacao..... Mexican Ports ..June 20
Argo Eel River Ports June 23
Rainier Whatcom June 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Pentanr Seattle June 2!)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria ....June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 29
Brooklyn. . . . San Pedro j June 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June 30
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos. ..... Hamburg v. ¦ West Coast. June 30
Arcata i Coos Bay & Port Or ford July 1
Eureka Humboldt July 1
Umatilla Puget Scnnd Ports .... July 1
Corona... ... Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor July ; 2
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 3
Chehalls Grays Harbor July 3
Arab • • Nanaimo July 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July 4
Doric. ....... China •& Japan : July 5
Newburg.... San Pedro July 6
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....'. July 6
Australia. . . . Tahiti July 7
Zealandla. . . . Honolulu July - 8
Newport New York via Panama. July 8
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£*~?£&Z*£>
. . - <>— ~^-^ — — — ¦—^ ¦• ""^^ | "
Very srcall a«d as easy
to take as sugar*
* W CARTERO FOR DIZZINESS.
FOR BILIOUSNESS. .-,.„...-
GENUINE Vivfr" for torpid LiYERr GENUINE
H PBS I FOR COHSTIPATJOH.
U/DADDCD H W FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
WR APPEP |fi&am [for THEcoMPLEx»oa WttArrttt
" FI^nSTTED RED FA.FESR."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
QUIn Line, foot of Market Str«>t )
£,^ TB — Teom Jux* 33. 1903- ~ *w*]
""7410a Bentcl*. Sui»ua, Elmlr* »nd S*cxv
inento.* i-W»
?.00a Vmc«TUl«. Winter*. Rumsey....... 7.65P
.30a M»rtlne*. 3«n lUmon, Vallejo.
K«p». C»lUto(r»,S»at»Bo»»...... 6 25»
I 00a D»»l». Woodland. KnlebU L»ndlng,
M*ry$vt!le. Orovllle 7BS»
90»a Atlantic Kxprei»— Osden»ndE»»t. 8-2S*
8.00a Nile». Luthrop. Stoclctpo........... 7.25» I
8 00a >'!1ci. Mendow. H«nford, Vls»ll»,
Porterrille < 65*
8.30a Sha»t* Expr"** — Davit. .WHlUm*
(fur B*rtlett Sprlngt), VTMowt,
Ked Bluff, Portl »nd 7.53*.
8.30a San Jo»e. Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervlllo, ¦
Marytrllle, Chtco. Bed Bluff 42S»
8J0a Oakdale,Chlnese.SonorB,Tnolnmne 4-26r
9.00a VaJleJo 12.25*
B.OOa Lot Ange!ea Expresa — Martlnej,
Tracy. Laturop.Stoclctoa.Merced.
Ka y uitmd. Fresno and Lot Aac»J«« 8-25A
8.30a V.llejo. Mnrtiaei aud Way Statlona 7.65*
10.00a Hayward. Nile* »n<l Way Sut!ont.t125ay
10.00* TUe Overlami Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago i «§-25j
tLOOr Sacramento Klver Steamers Tli.OOl'
3.00r Benlci*. Wlntert, Sacraraento,
Woodland, Williams, AVillow*.
Knlghta Landlhc. Marytvllle,
Orovllle "SI?- 4
3 30p Hayward, SlleaaDdWiiy Scattons.. 7.6a*
4.00P Martlnez.SanrUmon.VaileJo.JIapa,
Call»tog». 8»nU Uo»a. 9-25a
4-OCf Nllea.LlTermore.8toctton.Lodl.. 12.2Sr
4.30P Hayward.KUeii.SanJo»e.Llvermor» t855A
4 30p Tho Owl Limited— Freano, Tulare,
Bakeraneld, SangM for SanU
Barbara, Loa Angeles B.55a
B.COr PortCo»ta,Tracy.L»throp,Stocitoa 10.25a
600p Martlaei. Antlocb, Stockton, Jl«r-
eed, Raymond, Fresao 1 225 r
B.3fly Kiles Local... ...,.,. 2?§ A
1 6.00P Hayward. Nllea and San Jose. .Ml*
6.C0F Vallejo - 11.25a
8.00P Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omnha, St. Looia, Chicago 4-2Sr
7.00P San P«bl». Port Costa. Martlnes
and Way Station* 11.25*.
J700F Vallejo 7.65*
805f Oregon * California Expmi-Stc-
ramento, Maryirliie. Bedding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
t9.10r Hayward and Nlles $11.55*
~* COAST LINE (5«rro« taasej.
(Foot of Market Street.) i
:7.45a Sinta Cruz Excursion $3.05*
8.15a Sfinrlt, CenterTtlle, San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations S.5SF
?2.15p Kewark, Centerrille. San Joe,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Statloot 1050a
4.1 5p Newark. San Jose, LoaGatot t8-50A
M.ISp San Jo«e. Lot Gatos. Saata Cms... c3S0*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAX KIJANCISCO. Foot or Market St. (Slip S)
— 17:15 9:0i» 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:0O Ji:d
iS:OS 10:00 a.m. 1200 2.00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Broad Gaage).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 630p
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations 7.30f
/7J)0a New Almaden /4.10p
$7.15a Monterey Excursion i8.30r
800 a Coast -Line Limited — San Joae,
Gl!roy,Ho!l!stPr.S»IIaa.«.SanLu!s
Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Loa Ange-
les and Principal Intermediate
Stations 10.45*
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz.
Pactflc Grove. Sa'laas, Sin Luts
Obispo and Principal Intermedl-
¦ ate Stations 4.10P
: 10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 8.38*
11.30a SanJoseJx>sGatosaadWajSUUoat b.&Or
«1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7.00?
t2.00f San Joae and Way Stations f 3.00 a
13.00? Del Monte Express— Only stop* 9aa
Joae t12 01*
3-30p San Mateo, Bedwood, Palo Alto,
Saata Clara, San Jose. Trea
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
GroTe , 10.45 a
4.30p San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 1.3Cr
t5-00p San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ... *9.00a
5.3Q- San Jo^eandPrlnclpalWarStatlons 1000*.
t8.15P San Mateo, Belmont, Bedwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto *8.43*
6.30p S«2 Jose and Way Statlcnt 8.38a
7.0Q> New Orleans Express — San Lalt
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An*
geles, Demlng, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10.15a
i»11.45p Palo Alto and Way Stations t9.45P
•11.45P San Jose and Way Stations j«M5r.
A for Moraiig. P for Afternoon. '
t Sunday executed. t Sanday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
6 Saturday and _ /'Tuesday and Frtdiy.
Sanday onl£ * Dally except Saturday.
Ul/FOHNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CD
LESSEES
SM fRANCISCQ ANi) NOSH P&GIF15
_._ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburozt Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN Fit AX CISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:U0. 9;0O. 11:UO a. m.; 12:^5.
8:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra ttl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trlpa at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00 and 6:20 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05, 7:a3, 7:60. V.'M. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. a:«J.
4:65. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect [ Arrive
San Franclscol May 4, 1902. [San Franclsca
Week I Sun- | Destln- I Sun- I WeeK
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Igaaclo 9:10 a 8:40*
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Kovato 6:05 p 6:20 9
7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a PetaJuma 10:40 al 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 6:C0yp . Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservills
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WlUlts I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30al 8:00 a[ GuernevUU 1 7:35p|10:20a
3:30 pf 5:00 pf |l0:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 al, 8:00 a| Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen [ 6:05 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at 8anta Bosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
G«yserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Bocnevllle; at Hopland (or
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvlllc.
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Del!
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Pot-
ter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley a.
Bucknell's. San Hedrtn Heights. .HullviUe, Orr'»
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bra.su.
Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Sherwood. Cahto
Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka. .
¦Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r«-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flee. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
"li C. WHITING. ; R. X. RTAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t-
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave I Via Sausalito Ferry T- Arm-.
San Fran, j Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Eg fa 1 ?; ssSrc: & SS
£:15p. 10:00a, * "1 ' 3:30p. o:55p.
.:::..::: liS £ T»nin of nmnor s : 5o I: :::ii
r . 2:30 P. OytHti^jmMnaMi. 8:13 F. ...^~.
SATUE9ITSULI-U.T*T» m t:»i>. U rtT.Siarn»rt>mU:«K ~
IkkM OffaM. «U MAKZXt STRIEI ul SAC3AL1TO R3SX.. \,
A Timely Suggestion:
Leave your order for our wagorTto call
for your laundry work and thus secure
perfectly satisfactory work delivered
promptly and in a condition that's al-
ways pleasing to your eye and pocket-
book.
1 No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off fee 1OO4. Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
GOHOSKHCEA AND UR1NABT EISCHAB9XS
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 £i$ U51 1U23XTS?- let. 6&*7&, &!*.&!. 4
I \' Sjl T** e '-*£?"* A"*t°™»cal Museum in tbe \
1 * KcSS *se**e psaiUvt-lj rnrnd by the olde«t T
Q fig f£ I Specialist on the Coast E$c 36 years. Q
A fl^^g DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I Consultition free and stri<-:ly printe. \
0 I »wn Treatment personally or by l-:tcr. A Q
1 J W. 'fl H '•*«'«*»• Oart in every cue undertaken. \
a Fit 110 W r'te f°r Boo'*. PHILOSOPHY »T A
"I I'* BiUnlACE, MAILED FREE. (AY
X Q lL nimble book for mrn) \
V OB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 .Vnrte?t St.. S. F. V
Wi sPv^Rtf wi (Sw^ 10 laBS
l*jrJ l>XliAy_j-8 n mTkv "* mm UhMqBSQ DC
h9 U^SSm O K^tfenh ' Eri Wi HjjniQlr M
BAELWAY TRAVEL.
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
L.lm'dl
Local Mon&l Local Ov'rl'd
Daily Thur»|Dally Dally
Lv San Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a '4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
!• Merced... 2:35 p l:17p 1:30 a
" Freano... 4:10p 2:35p 3:15a.
"Hanford.. 5:58p 3:27p 8:05a
•• Visalla... 6:33 p 6:00 a
" B'kersrd. 8:10p 6:20p 7:35a
" KanCity 2:81 a 8:02a
" Chicago..! 2:15p|...... 8:47 p
a lor mornins. ¦ p for afternoon. ~~
9:00 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
9:00 a. m. Mondays tfnd Thursdays is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago.. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation" of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class . tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives ¦
. at ¦ 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00. a. ro. daily.
8:00 p. ra. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. rn.
daily.^
Of flees— 641 Market stre«t and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
. Oakland. , ¦
KCRTH SHORE RAILROAD. ~"
Via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing April zi. laitt.
FRO M SAN MILL VALLCT
M^mB^
7 -SO, 8:45, 11 ¦•45 p.m. ... •*"¦¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FKOM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISco
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. '6:20, 7:40.^?i5riS C j?/
• ll:W a. m.. 12:25, 2:15, -3:30. 4:40, 5T.;o,lui;
Sundays— 6:00. •8:00, o:3o. •n :0 o a m
•13:00 m., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30., 4:16. '5:45. 6 Ti'
T-30 10:15 p. m. • •"•
"Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. s3 ={J*
j P- m ' THROUGH TRAINS -" ¦
] 7:45 a. ro. week days— Cazadero and way
j 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way su-
tlons. ';•'.'"*"
1 6:lS p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
I Tomalea and - way stations. •
[ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and N way sta-
tions. ' ;•'•> - - \ .
. 10:00 a., m., Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. •¦¦'.• ¦•.•¦¦¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.- ¦'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Continued on Paeo Thirteen.
¦
NEW YORK, June 27.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:. The current week closed a six
months' period which, as 1 regards volume 'of
business done — excepting fpeculatlon-^-and gen
eral prospect* at the:clos.e, has had few equals
and no superiors. Thus ends .quite satisfactor
ily a fiscal year whfch, owing to smaller crop
Bradstreet? s on Trade.
NEW YORK. June 27. --The London metal
! markets remained closed to-day. The New
¦ York markets were lower. Tin was about two
points off and '. copper went off %c on 'certain
grades, with all grades ruling In. favor of buy
ers. The demands for all metals was slow. Tin
on spot closed at $28®2S 25 and copper closed
at-* these . prices: Standard, spot . to August,
HJ37%c to 11.82%c-. lake,.n.87%c tp I2.25c;
electrolyptic, 11.90@12.25c, and casting, 11.85c
¦.to 12c.' -.' ¦•; ¦ ¦ " - ¦ ..- --•¦...'• -• ¦<
Lead was quoted at 4%c and spelter at 5c.
Iron held steady,.' put ¦ the. sales movement
Nrd> York Metal Market.
WVEBPOOL.
Wheat — ' : .' July. Sept
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
— PAJUS.- '
Wheat— „ \ • July, Sept.-Dec.
Opening ................... 24 15 20 «5
Closing 24 20 2063
Flour™- • . ' .
Opening 30 40 27 25
Clos.'ng 30 25 27 20
NEW YORK. June 27. — To-day's stock mar
ket fell into profound neglect. Except for the i
Dealings in one or two stocks which were select
ed by tlia eupj>orters of the market for their
mctalning effect, there was almost nothing do
ing. St. Paul was again the leader and there
*-as a epurt in Illinois Central during the day
ci hich had no news to explain it. Missouri Pa
cific continued in good demand, but its rise
Sid not extend to a point at any time. Tbe
Industrial!; were weak in spots, but were *ven'
tnoTit neglected then railroads. The passing of
the dividend on Colorado Fuel caused a drop
St four jxjir.ts in that tstock on active celling.
The etock fluctuated f£veristly all day and |
closed with a net less of only Hi, The passing
st the dividend on Ice preferred was reflected
In the movement of this (stock, the preferred 1
Beclining an extreme 3% and cloeing with a J
reoovexT ot *%• Amalgamated Copper was
•jnder pressure again, but met eupport at about
S3 us on the previous decline. The market
fcased off in the late dealings and closed heavy
*nd below the best in all cases. Loans made
so-day carry over until Monday and the rise
« the cell loan to above .3 per cent in the late
(eatings indicated some contraction of supplies.
The approach of the month end had its part In
. •epresfc-ljjg speculation. The holiday Jn London
•erhaps contributed to fhe dullness, but the re
torts of King Kd ward's tnarked improvement
lelped to keep prices firm. Another factor in
he situation was tbe cessation ot demand lu
tie cjxhatisre market tor remittance to London,
fw-izsjr to the. holiday, which caused a decline
B <he ijrice of sterling, thus liefctening the
¦Jves-t of withdrawal of gold. The speculative
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@2 50; Flax, $2 25@2 60; Cana
ry, 3%e for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
U%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape. l%@2y 4 c;
Hemp. 3%c vex lb. -. *
DRtED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
(g-1 li5; Blackeye, $1 75(32.
. BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 C5; small White, $2 3fi
®2 60; large White, $2 35@2 45; Pea, $3 25©
Si 60; Pink, $2 06@2 20; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$5; Limas, $3 50@3 75; Red Kidneys, 5ii 50®
3 75 per ctl. . ¦-
Previous quotations rule for everything under
this head. Holders of Beans are firm and
carrying moderate stocks.
Beans and Seeds.
exceedingly light arrivals the past -week. Busi
ness Is moderately good, considering present
conditions. Prices remain about the same,
although offerings for future delivery are
slightly shaded below last week. This Is caused
by the low freight quotations at present rul
ing from England to the eolonies. (Ml Is stil>
being offered at the former low prices, ther<
being no evidence of an attempt on the part
of producers to enhance values. Consumers ar«
certainly the benefited parties by the stand
taken by the oil producers. Each well-owner
seems to solicit the position of being the cheap
est vender of his -product. It Is not who can get
a. fair price for his output, but who will suc
ceed in selling cheapest, hence oil stocks on the
market here are very slow. ; Under present cir
cumstances, owners of coal mines or oil wells
do not appear to . be on the bright side of the
market. The importations of coal for the first
•sOx months of this year will be at least 125,000
tons less than for the same period la 1901."
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Unseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
73c; raw. 71c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 6ic for
boiled and 62c for raw, In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases. $1 05;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, TOc; cases, 73c; Sperm, pure,
tioc; Whale Oil, natural white. 40®50e per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42Uc; eases. 4»fic:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, «3%o lor tTeyton and
' 68V.c tor Australian.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil, la bulk.
13^@14c; Pearl Oil. In cases, «20e; Astral. 20c;
! Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocens.
: 22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In balk, lflc;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bnUc, llfto; la
case?, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, la bulk. 20c; ia
TURPENTINE— €6c per gallon la cases and
COc In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND "WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, &9
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6&c, according
to Quality.
: SUGAR — The 'Western Sugar Refining Com
pany-Quotes as follows, per pound, in ICO-lb
tags: Cubes A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4 60c- Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4 - 35c- Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
i Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." S.ft5c;
barrels 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes '50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds' Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes, So
per lb. N» order taken for leu than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent.
San Francisco Meat Market: - %
I The market Is dull and of a midsummer char*
actar. Receipts of every thing are ample to*
the light demand.
• DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : _
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 3@6o per lb tor
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small. 8® 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%e; Ewes. 7©8»
ver lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9®9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%©8%o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. /
The following quotation* are for good, sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8H@9c: Cows and Heifers,
7@7^c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3>£@4c; Ewes, 3 ft 03% e
per lb (gross ' weight).
LAMBS— Suekling Lambs. $2 60(92 75 per
head, cr 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings.
3%&ic per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6®6ftc; feeders, 6®efce:
sows. 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations.
Receipts of Produce. , ijj ¦
FOR FRIDAT. June 27. 1902.
Flour, qr sks.. 81.302 Middlings, sks. . 178
Wheat, ctls 4,090 Sugar, ctls 2,55.1
Barley, . ctls 4,980 Pelts, bdls...... 105
Oats. ctls... 4,830 Hides. No 866
Corn, ctls....... 1.125 Quicksilver, flks 3
Potatoes, sks.... 3,017 Leather, rolls... 5*1
Oniona sks 683 Tallow, ctls. ... 250
Bran, sks.. SSI Lira*. bbU: ¦ 27*
Wool, bales . - 122 Wine. gals..... 54,20*>
Hay, tons...... 450 Chicory, bbls.... 19
Failures for the week number 200 in th«
United States, against 204 last year, and 20
in Canada .against 23 a year ago.
Agricultural prospects are far above the av
erage, and rapid progress is made with winter
wheat harvesting. Delays have been .encoun
tered from heavy rain, while Injury has oc
curred Southwest from drouth, but these ad
verse influences are less extensive than usual
Wide differences between cash prices and next
crop options indicate the' views of traders. The
week brought little alteration Jn spot quota
tions, light supplies holding, cereals fairly
steady, ¦ .
Leather has accumulated, and some tan
neries are closed, but belting belts continue la
demand at full prices. Raw wool is in better
request at Eastern markets, b.ut the new clip
is held at a premium that limits trade.
Eastern manufacturers of footwear report a
larger volume of contracts, mainly for deliv
ery in August and September.
Most of the blast furnaces that were stopped
by the scarcity of anthracite coal have re
sumed with «oke, of which the ovens have es
tablished new records of output and shipments
have been etill larger, owing to the stocks ac
cumulated during the car shortage.'
Foreign markets were badly disarranged by
the sudden illness of the King and there was
much liquidation prior to the closing ot ttii
British exchanges from Wednesday afternoon
to Monday. Domestic financial conditions ara
exceptionally satisfactory and trade 'is well
maintained, although low temperatures inter
fered with the distribution of midsummer spe
cialties. Manufacturing operations have In
creased In activity, especially, in the iron and
steel industry, and textile production, while
the constructive work on new buildings and
bridges Is very heavy. Labor difficulties have
not improved in the anthracite regrion, but
numerous settlements have : been effected else
where. Railway earnings thus far reported fpr
June exhibit an ' average increase ot 4.0 per
cent over last year and 1.7 over 1900.
NEW YORK, June 27.— R. G; Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
BAGS— Grain Bags. «%c; San Qnentln, 5.55c;
Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc
COAL^- Wellington, $8 per ton; Southfield
WeOllngton, $S; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 6<3;
'. Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $S; Wall
,. Bend, $8 50; Co-operative 'Wallsend, $850;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. — ¦; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $13
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 -per 2000 lbs and $S 30
per ton, according to brand.
Harrison's circular says: . "During the week
there have been the following coal arrivals,
viz 1 One from Washington, 2600 tons; one
from Oregon, 450 tons; three' from British
Columbia, 14.354 tons; two from. Australia,
4406 tons; total. 21,810 tons. The quantity ar
riving this week will fully supply all current
requirements. • The amount on hand in yards is
not excessive. This has been caused by the
hin > riiTr'iiTnrTfiff1*T»niiii< iJTBilMWrn 1 iih iiuwiirn
General Merchandise,
Hides, Tallow, Wool- and Hops.
There is nothlrig new to report In this mar
ket, Bran and Middlings being firm and Hay
easy and very quiet.'
BRAN— $18 60@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22 60@24 50 per ton. N
FEBDgTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25©2fi; Job
bing, $26 50@27; Cpeoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@82; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50-
Mixed>.Feed. $16@17 ; Cottonseed Meal, ' $26 50
HAY — New is selling as follows : . Wheat
$8@9 50; Wheat and Oat, $8@9 50; Oat $7®fl-
Barley. $6@7 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@s 50 :
Alfalfa, $9@10. Old is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50® 11 CO; Wheat and Oat. $9@11 60; Oat
$9@10; Alfalfa; nominal; Clover, $7@9- Vnil
unteer, f« BO@S 50; Stock. $^@8 per ton'. '
STRAW-40@50q per bale.
Hax and Feedstuff s.
tNot Included In totals ' because containing
other Hems than clearings. .
$Npt included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 3 wheat, 73%@74c: No. 2 red, 75% c;
No. 2 corn, 68%c; No. 2. yellow. 68%@68%',c:
No. 2 oats. 46%@4.0c: No. 2 white, 63%@54c-
No. 3 white, 02@54e; No. 2 rye, 61c; good feed
ing barley, C7@C0c; fair, to choice malting, 6»@
70>ic; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 54@1 55; No. 1 North
western, $1 73; prime timothy seed, $5 75; rnees
pork, per bbl, $18 20^18 25; lard, per 100 Jbs,
$10 47%;'ehort ribs sides (loose). $10 02$£(ij)
10 70; whisky, basis /of high wines, ,$J. 3Q;
clover, contract grade,- $8 85.
Articles — . .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '. 10,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 21,600 102,000
Corn, bushels ,., 108,000 224,000
Oats, bushels , :203.0O0 315.OCO
Bye. bushels ., 8,000 .......
Barley, bushels 12,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries. J8@21%c; dairies
17@10%c: cheese, Bteady, 10@llc; eggs, firm,
fresh 17c, ¦ . *¦¦¦.' ' : •-- ¦
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat No. 2— .
July 73% 73% 72% 73
September 12% 72% 72 72%
December 73% 73% 72«i 72%
Corn No. 2—
July.. 69 69% 685$ 68%
September 01^4 61 & 60% 61 V6
December 47% . 4S 47}4 47}i
Oats No. 2— . ' , y
Jujy <old), 39%" 40% 39Ti 40
Jujytnew) 44% 47 .44% 46%
Sept. <old) 30% . 30% 29% 30%
Sept. <new) 33kl 33% 33 3314
Dec. (new). 32% 33V4 32% 32%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 18 30 18 30 18 17% 18 20
September .....18 50 18 57% 18 40 IS 45-
Lard, per 100 >bs— . .
July 10 (52% 10 62% 10 60 10 62%
September 10 65 10 «5 , 10 55 I 10 65
Short Ribs, uer 100 lbs — , •
July 10 77% 10 77% JO 67% 10 67%
September^ 10 65 10 67% 10 57% 10 60
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, W'ic; three
half -barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; fiye tierces, 10%c per lb.
CURHD MEATS— Bacon. 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and l(5@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams. 14@14%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 60@ll; Family. \ $11 50@12;
prime Mess Pork. $15@15 60; extra elear. $23;
Mess, $18 50-@19; Drr Salt Pork, 12tfc; Pig
Pork $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb lor
coir.w»und and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
puie;12%c; 10-lb tins, 13Vi,c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins, 13%c. '
Chicago was rather lower, with more dis
position to sell on the hard spots.
: San Francisco dealers have complained a good
deal of the extreme dullness of business during
the past two or three days, ascribing it to the
unusual exodus of city people into the coun
try. Prices are unchanged.
Provisions.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75;* Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Greats, $5 25; Hominy, j$4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 73, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3®3 60 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
licllitter — Early peaches doing well; large
crop.
Hanford — Fruit croD doirur well: oe&ches and
epricott ripening rapidly; hay good crop.
Stockton — Cold Kisrhts retarding fruit ' and
ve»j*;UJalef ; harvesting at its height.
King City — Hayine is progressing rapidly;
fruit do;n£ weli.
Colusa — Grain crops continue to turn out
voU; fruit of all kinds doing nicely.
Ventura — Apricots promise large crop and
ripenine well.
ChUA^-Grain cutting- progressing.
Livermore — Harvesters running on barley.
Riverside — Cloudy morning; crapes promise
t>f*t crop in years.
Willows — Wheat harvest in progress la all
sections of country.
Clovcrdale — Hay baling In progress; large,
fine croj>.
Santa. Maria — First thrashing summerfallow
land, averaeing twenty centals per acre; other
srain proportionately.
Ncwinsn — Conditions still favorable.
San Jo*se — Fruit crop doing excellently; crop
of apricots very iarcre.
Napa — Good yield and good quality.
6anta Rosa — Graces promise excellent qual
ity and large yield.
Palermo — Fruit ripening; White Adriatics
eettinj; well.
A. G. McADIE. Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN. ;
For the 2* hours ending 5 p. m., 120th merl-
Ctz.n time. San Francisco, June 27, 1902.
market.
' FRUITS — New Apricots, future delivery, 6©
7%c; old Apricots, 7@8c for Royals and 10
(gi:;c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 12@12%c; sun dried. 6@7c;
Peaches. e^^tS^c per lb.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
3C-40s, 6"Vi<&69ic-. 40-eOs, 5@5*ic; 50-60s, 4%3
4%c; 60-70s. 4@4%e: 70-80s. 3%®3%c; 80-9Os.
3@3' ) 4e; flC-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
514c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers. $1 60 per box.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c;
No. 2. 6@7c; No. 1, hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell; 9@10c
for ' sottshell and 6@Tc for hardshell; Peanuts,
5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12^12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 5fl<8:5.
HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; -water white extracted, 6@
5%«; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27 %^29c per lb.
There Is no further news to report la thla
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
: CHICAGO, June 27.— Oats ctood in the lime
light to-day. From a small business this pit
developed a general trade that was of marked
Interest all over the floor. All the strength of
a genuine ° nature seemingly sfree from manip
ulation developed. The situation was brought
about by a sLrontr cash demand. ¦ Statisticians
report stocks being rapidly depleted and not a
car of new oats came to-day. Crop reports are
very bullish. With . No. '• 8 white selling cash
to-day at 53<S5.1%c and delivery day only two
days off., shorts ¦ -covered sharply. Outsiders
bought in a healthy manner. July, new, open
ed %®%e up at 44«&@44%ic. Jumped to 47c.
but on profit taking and a break in other mar
kets lost a good deal of. it3 advance. July
closed strong l&SlVie up at 45%@45%c. Sep
tember eold to 33%c -on the upturn,- dipped to
32%c. but closed firm.%@V4c up at 33"Vlc .
Wheat W 3S topheavy on manipulation and
broke after very good early strength. At the
outtet the wet weather over mucn of the har
vest country and grasshoppers in tbe Northwest
brought good buying. Corn bulls bought liber
ally of September and set the crowd to guess
ing over the outcome. Corn was firmer and to
gether with oats gave wheat strength. When
it was seen that corn could not hold its -own
price the crowd turned bearish in spite of ad
vices that were bullish. Stuff was sold freely
and weakness ensued. July, which '"opened un
changed to i/»c up. at ?3%@73%c, sold to
73%c, fell off lc and closed Vt,c down at 73c.
September- sold as high as 72%@72%c. dropped
to T2c and closed a shade lower at 72%c.
This was another big day in corn. Boosted
by th« fears of shorts and on wet, cold weath
er reports, July shot up to 69%c, a fresh
record here. The undertone most cf the day
was slrong. but the fluctuations were erratic.
In September the buying was of such a vol
ume as to create interest. The talk of the pit
centers around the / supposed leadership .of
John W. Gates as the bull in July and John
Cudahy as the big short. Renewed seeing l>y
Cudahy In September after he was supposed to
he tljp victim of Gates mad« the crowd be
lieve that there was a private understanding
between them. Closing prices were Just firm,
July lie up at 68%c and .September %c higher
at ei^Gl^c.
. Provisions ruled dull and unimportant to
day. Hogs were weaker and influenced fair
Belling. Prices accordingly were weak. Sep
tember pork was 10c lower, lard 5@7%c down
and ribs 5c lower.
The leading -futures ranged as follows:
The pressure has risen over the northern half
of the Pacific Elope and fallen along the coast
of California. A depression of great depth
extends along tie Mexican boundary from
Yuma to El Paso.
This appears to be deepening end is accom
panied by cloudy weather throughout Utah,
Eastern Arizona and along the Mexican bound
try.
High winds may be expected along the coast.
Maximum velocities are already reported from
Can Francisco to Eureka; at Point Heyes SO
miles per hour 4s reported.
The xeznperature has remained nearly sta
tionary «xcey>t in Utah, where there has been
«, decided fall.
A trace of rain Is reported at San Diego.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h^urs ending midnight, June 28:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, irith
high northwest winds along the coast, brisk
north -Rinds in the interior.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday • morn
ing, fair during- the day, possibly ligrht chow
en? In the southeast portion; briS3t>soethweEt
¦winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday; brisk to h5gh west
¦winds.
Can Francisco and -vicinity — Fair Saturday;
brisk to "hij?ti westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco temperature 7 a. n»., 50 degrees.
•CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales/
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls,
S3Hc.
OATS — Chicago continues to report an urgent
demand for cash Oats, with continual rains and
a backward ¦ season. The Western markets are
very firm. . -
This market is at a standstill. There is
nothing going on and offerings are neglected.
Prices show no further change. The holder of"
the 6000-cental lot from the north is trying to
effect sales at $1 27%@1 30, but is meeting
with Indifferent success.
New Reds are quoted at $1@1 15 for common
to choice . and $1 17%@1 20 for fancy; old
Oats ar» nominal as follows: Whites, $1 25@
\ 30; Milling, $1 30; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN — Snow,- the statistician, gives the
general average of the Western Corn belt at
over 90.
This market continues dull at previous quo
tations.
Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50: small round do,
$1 50@l 62%:: White. $1 50@l 66. -
RYE — Weak at 80@85c for new and 85@87%c
for -old, with considerable new changing hands
in the San Joaquln Valley. . .
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $2 25@2 50 per
<*L • ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal -Session — 9-J5 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No Sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 10,000
fitls, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%. \
Afternoon Session — No sales. " .
BARLEY — Offerings now consist chiefly of
new grain, as the old crop is practically cleaned
up and cuts very little figure now. The quo
tations accordingly are nominal. Offerings are
light, but the feeling is weak rather than
steady. »
New Feed, 90@92%c; old Feed, 95c; brew
ing, 96>4@97%c; Chevalier, -$1 20 asked for
standard.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continue dull.
It is still a holiday season at Liverpool.
Chicago reported Wheat less active than the
coarse grains, but still firm, with small offer
ings. AH grains were' strong on unfavorable
weather, it being showery and cold in Kansas,
Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois. The early thresh
ings In the Southwest are disappointing in
quantity and quality, St. Louis sold, but New
York reported the exporters buying September.
Bradstr«et's gave the exports of Wheat and
Flour for the week at 3,382,701 bushels.
There was no change in this market, beyond
a fractional improvement in shipping grades.
All sorts of prices are still being paid in the
country, owing to the competition already men
tioned, with transactions as high as $1 20, but
this figure must not be taken as a criterion of
the market.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 12%@1 13%; mill
ing, $1 15@1 20 per ctl. -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days,... — 4*88i&
Sterling Exchange, sight. ....... — . 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4-89%
New York Exchange, sight,.,.. — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic ..— 17%
Silver, per ounce — : 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
CITRUS FRUITS — Seedling Oranges. $l<g2;
Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; St. Michaels,
?1©3; Valenclas. $1 25®3 50; Tangerines. $1 60
In half-boxes; Lemona. $l@l 60 for common,
$1 75@2 50 for choice and $3@3 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $2@3 60; Mexican Limes. $5@5 60;
Bananas. $1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans
and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 50®
3 per dozen. -^
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from Yuma, $1@1 50
per crate; from Indio, $1 75@2 25 per crate;
Watermelons from Indio, 20c each.
GRAPES — Thompson's seedless from Indio,
$2 per crate; from Yuma. $1 50' per crate.
FIGS — Black, 2S@75e far single layers and
50c@$l 60 for double layer boxes; White, 5«
@75c per drawer.
CHERRIES — White. 25@40c per box; in bulk
l%@3c; Black. 20@50c per box and 1%@3%c In
bulk; Royal Annes. 40@65c per box and 4@6c
in bulk; cartons from San Jose, $1.
APRICOTS— 25@40c per box and 30@50c per
crate; in baskets, 25@35c; bulk boxes, 60@75c.
APPLES — Green, 20@30c per box and 20®
40c per basket; large boxes. £0c@$l.
PEARS — Madeline, l£@25c for small boxes;
large boxes. 50@75c.
PEACHES — 25@50c per box or basket; bulk
boxes, 50@60c.
CURRANTS-
PLUMS — Clyman, 25©40c per box and 35@
60c per crate; baskets, lS^Sc; Cherry Plums,
20@2Sc per drawer and , t i5@00c in larger pack
ages; Plums, in bulk boxes. 60@75c.
— $2®4 50 per chest
Prices of Figs bad a wide /range owing to
the .heavy receipts and the abundance of poor
stock. Cantaloupes from Yuma were soft and
sold slowly at easier -prices. Royal Anne Cher
ries from, the river are coming to hand very
poor and in bad condition and sell below the
quotations. '
Mexican Limes are firm and move oft well,
but all other Citrus fruits are dulL
STRAWBERRIES — $4@7 for Longworths and
$2@4 for Maluidas.
RASPBERRIES — $3@7 per chest; crates, 30®
50c
LOGANBERRIES— $2@4 per chest
BLACKBERRIES — $2©5 per chest; In crates.
25@50c, according to size of -crate.
GOOSEBERR1KS — 25<&'35c per drawer.
Pears of the Dearborn Seedling variety ap
peared from the river. A few boxes came in
and sold at 5Cc. A few crates of Tragedy
Prunes came in and sold at $1.
. This market continues weak. All descriptions
are in liberal supply and the market is glutted
with poor fruit. There is some Kttle shipping
going on all the time, but it does not relieve
the market much. The canners- bought up
the surplus stocks of Berries, Currants and
Cherries at prices within the quoted range.
They -were also In the market for Apricots in
bulk. ! paying $15@20 for the best and $100
12 50 -for poorer grades.
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The following: ta
ble, compiled by ' Bradstreet, show3 the
bank «learing3 -at the principal cities
for the week ending J.une 26, with the peri
centage of increase and decrease as compared
with, the corresponding week last year:
Pet. Pet.
Oties — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,265,033,946 .... 13.1
Chicago 150.C30.365 .5.6
Boston 126,002,164 .... 10.4
Philadelphia 108.132,069 1.5
St. Louis 4«.7§7,395 13.4
Pittsburg 42,283,748 4.6
Baltimore 22,258,633 10.7
San Francisco 20,532,295 18.4 ....
Cincinnati 21,458,760 10.4
Kansas City 15,298,594 ... .; 3.7
Cleveland ... ..... 15,026,293 13.3
Minneapolis 11,822,352 -25.2
New Orleans ....... 10,578.093 22.2
Detroit 9,322,250 8. 9
Louisville 9,875,713 17.6
Indianapolis 10,716,668 48.5 ....
Providence 6,876,400 13.0
Omaha 6.300.0S7 4.8
Milwaukee 6,769,547 8.0
Buffalo 5,123,883 13.0
St. Paul 5,607,344 23.9
St. Joseph , 4,189,801 , 5.7
Denver 4.776.C38 19.6
Richmond 3,812,186 9.7
Savannah ,. 2,780,016 19.5
Salt Lake City 3,264,204 24.6
Albany 3,026,863 10.5
Los Angeles .., 4,560,150 106.1 ....
Memphis ....• 2,455,709
Fort Worth 2,801.362 3.8
Seattle 4,280,757 32.4
Washington 3,606,317 33.5 ....
Hartford 2,360,753 10.4
Peoria , 1,949,858 .... 13.0
Toled6 , ,... 2,609,546 16.9 ....
Portland, Or 2,500,575 35.3 ....
Rochester 1,968,560 4.6 ./..
Atlanta .1,844.802 24.0 ....
Des Molnes 1JS07.354 38.6 ....
New Haven 1,472,097 ....
Worcester .:. 1,620,405 15.8
Nashville 1,587,221 18.5 ....
Sprifigfleld, Mass 1,362.839 4.0
Norfolk.. 1,310.035 .2.7
Grand Rapids , 1.192,942 ...". 4.3
Scranton 1,598,560 19.5 ....
Portland, Me 1,380.327 29. 1
Sioux City 1,387,478 13.1
Augusta 761.580 11.7 ....
Syracuse 1,172,810 7.9 ....
Dayton. O 1,506,898 58.7 ....
Tacoma '. 1,227,558 25.7
Spokane 1.4*1.605 58.9 ..;.
Topeka 1,258.422 22.5 ..."
©avenport 752.831 12.2'
Wilmington, Del ... 1.023,283 ' 15.3 ...,
Evansville '. 988.410 69.0 ....
Birmingham 1,458,427 137.9
Fall River 814,314 ..^ O.4
Macon 573,100 27.9 ....
Little Rock 639,506 30.1 .,>.
Helena 463,683 .... 16.4'
Knoxville T6S.0S9 60.3 ....
Lowell 509,401
Akron "" 670.100 11.2
Wichita 498,420
Springfield, 111 065,161 25.8
Lexington 425,421) .... 20.8
New Bedford 540,177 20.2 ....
Chattanooga 506,690 42.1 ....
Youngstown 571,600 22.0 ....
Kalamazoo ., 476.054 26.2 ....
Fargo • B64.C7S 32.8 ....
Bingrhamton 307,800 5.8 ,
Rockford , 385,078 :... 13.7
Canton 475,000 ;','
Jacksonville, Fla ... 278.102 4.7
Springfield, O 426.«i58 63,2^.-...
Chester 360,998 42.2 ....
Quincy 379,460
Bloomington 289,730. 66,0 ....
Sioux Falls 219,698 31.2 .... ;
Jacksonville.* Ill .... 160.S84 32.2 ....
Fremont , ;.. 153,318 33.0
Houstont 10,845,800 40.2 ....
Galvestont 5,418,000 7.2
Columbus, Ot •• 8,102,300 16.7
Wheeling 716,507 32,1
Wilkesbarre 592,205 .... 21.5
Beaumont! , ... 489,508
Decatur 205,389 ;..
Utica 2,006,487 ,.
Totals, U $2,008,026,990 8.0
Outside N. Y 742,993,050 2.4
CANADA.
Montreal $22,125,963 2.5 .-...
Toronto 13.914,285 20.8 ....
Winnipeg 2,905.757 54.9 ....
Halilax 1,607,664 10.4
Vancouver, B. C 1,422,851 75.9 ....
Hamilton 800.525 21.9 ....
St. John-N. B £15,061 17.6
Victoria, B. C 607,709 .... 16.0
Quebec 1,432.767 .... 16.0
Ottawa 1,596,723 .... ....
Totals, Canada. ....,$45,592,402 J2,7 ....
THE COAST B.ECORP.
Peaches are dull but steady at recent prices,
ranging from 12@16c for peeled and from 8%
@10%c for unpeeled.
Spot prunes are fairly active for both job
bing and «xport account And some attention is
attracted by futures. The market inclined . to
firmness on the large sizes, though quotations
still range from 3%c to $%c for all grades.
Apricots are steady, but without special inter
est, at 10%@14o quoted for boxes and 10@12c
for bars.
NEW YORK, June 27. — There is no ch&oge
noted in the market for -evaporated applet.
The demand continues along moderate lines,
but offerings are limited and prices steady.
Common to good are quoted at 7@9c; prime fct
10c; choice at 10Vi@10%c, and fancy at lie.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 00 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, dull. ¦
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quleti Ccrdova, 8@llc. Futures
market closed quiet end steady. Total sales,
18,000 bags, including: July. 4.85@4.<90e; Aug
ust, 4.SK)@4.»5c; September, 5e; October, 5.05c i
December, 5.25c: March, 5.45@5.50c; April,
5.55c; May, B.ttOc v
WOOL— Quiet
I WHEAT— Receipts, 18,000 bushels; pales,
1,955,000 .bushels futures, 16,000 bushels «pot.
Spot, dull; f No. 2 red, T9%c ejevator; No. 2 red,
SO@Slc f.. o. h. afloat; Ko.l Northern Duluth,
81%c f. o. b. afloat; No. I hard Manitoba.
81%c f. o, b. afloat. . Wheat -was inactive all
day, closing partly %c net higher. July, 79@
7i»%c, closed 7»c; September, 77 7-16@78c.
dosed 77%c; December, J T8%@78 13-10c, closed
at 78%e. - ¦ ; ,....¦•-. .^- . . ¦_.. . ,..
HOPS — Firm.' • ¦ -
HIDKS — Quiet. •
- NEW YORK, June 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,000; -exports, 4700 barrels. - Market un
changed 'and steady. |
, ... WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 27. — Wheat unchanged, nom
inal. ; Bluestem, «5%c; club, 64%c.
PORTLAND. .-June 27.— Wall Walla, 6|Bc;
Valley, 68%@67c; Bluestem. 67@6Sc. ? ...
OREGON.
Northern, Wheat Market.
Weather Report.
<120th Merifilan — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 27—5 p. m.
US ref 2s reg.,107% L & N uni 4s.... 103%
Do 2s coup 10SV4 Mexican Cent 4s;. m&
»° 3f reg 107 Mex Cent 1st inc. 32%
Do 3g coup 10T M & St L 4s 105
Do new 4 S reg. .134% M K & T 4s.."'-' 100
Do new 4s coup. 134% M K & T 2ds...! 85W
Do old 4s reg.. 109% N Y Cent lets., 104^
Do old 4s coup.H0%!N Y C een »% s ..l00
Do 5s reg 105 j N J C gen GsT?. .VVJ
Do 5s coup 105 Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. IO314 Northern Pac 3s 743?
Atchison adj 4s... OS^JNor & W con 4s lOITi
Baltimore & O4S. 103 Reading gen 4s"'l00i2
BalU & O 3%s.. SJ7>4 St «I U con W
Bal & O conv 4s. 100% St L & S F 4s 100
Canada S 2de 109% St L SW lsts.. 100
Cent of Ga 5s 109 St L SW 2ds.. " 88'A
Cent of Ga 1st inc 62% S A & A P 4s »0»l
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8%j Southern Pac 4s 92»1
Chi & Alton 3%s. S5«4| Southern Ry 5s. 123%
C B & Q new 4s.. 9tiy 4 |Texa s & Pac lsts 119
C M £StP gen 4s.llO%!T St L & W 4s. 83%
Chi & NW con 7s.l36%1 Union Pacific 4s lotiit
C R I & P 4s 112 Union P conv 4s. 10794
C C C & St L «4s.l02%!Wabash lsts liav?
Chi Term 4s...,. iW% Wabash 2ds "ll2
Col & South 4h.. 9<i Wabash deb B.'! 70%
Denver & R G 4slO4 West Shore 4s.. 11514
Erie prior lien 4s. 101% Wheel & L E 4s 05 *
Erie tea 4s...... 88% Wjljj Cent 4s...?. 93%'
Ft W & D C l6ts.U3% Con Tobacco 4s , 67
Hock Valley 4%s.llO |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con --.. 20 1 Little Chief ..,. n
Alice 40 Ontario 7 73
Breece 00 {Ophir .....115
Brunswick Con.. 08 j Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun .. 05% Potosi 15
Con Ca! & Va;.l 25 Ravage o.V
Deadwood Terra. 1 <*0 Sierra Nevada .. "0
Horn Silver ....125 Small Hopes .... 45
Iron Silver ...... SO Standard 3 00
Leadviile Con . . .1 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — fj S Steel pfd ..,.83
Call loans 3%0l Westing Common. 103%
Time loans 4 @5 Mining— .
Bonds — Adventure ....... 22W.
Atchison 4s 102 hi Allouez »¦}{
Gas lsts 86V4 Amalgamated ...63%
Mexican Cent 4s. 81%.DaJy W*st 47%
N B -Gas & Coke. 60 iFtingham , 3>%
lUilrrads — Calumet & Hecla.D»0
AtchJsvn e2% J Centennlal 17*4 •
Total .262.000 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
influence in the grain markets made Inferences
as to the conditions of the crops somewhat ob
scure. The coalers were entirely neglected and
the coal miners' strike was not a visible in
fluence in Hie market. There was some buying
of the railroad stocks that was alleged to be
for investment in anticipation of the funds to
be disbursed alter the first of the month.
There was very little doing in the bond mar
ket and the movements of prices were irregu
lar. Total sales, par value $3,250,000.
United States 2s declined % and the new 4s
V* per cent on the last call. •
KEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 6,000 X2M &1% S2%
Atchison pfd 2,500 100% 100% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 95
Canadian Pacific .. 1,700 133% 13314 133
Canada Southern .. yo
Chesapeake & Ohio. 100 40% 40% 40%
Chicago & Alton . . SUO 37% 37% 37%
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 74% 74% 74%
Chi lnd# Louis... 300 75% 75 74%
Chi Ind & L-pfd... 86%
Chi & East 111 jssi?
Chi & Gt West 4,S00 30 29% 29^,
3i*SS£S2 :S M 87^ Si
Chi&NW !., 100 251 2oi 250%
Ch Rl&Pac... 100 17214 172% 171%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 21 21 20%
.ChiT&Tpfd 7... 5"S
C C C & St Louie iyo%
Colorado Southern . 400 30% 30% 30%
Colo So 1st piU 7o2
Colp So 2d ptd 4->a^
Del & Hudson 100 174% 174% 174%
Del Lack & West .-.. 2S0
Denver & H G j^
D & R G pf d 1,000 33^4 93'" 03
Erie 1st pfd \ 000 €S^4 (i7% 68
Erie 2d pfd -. . 53^,
Gt Northern pfd... 400 1S7% 18"?% 187%
Hocking Valley ... "200 84% 84% 84 J i
Hocking Val pfd.,. 100 90 »0 S9
111 Central 19,000 159% 157% 15S%
Iowa Central .. 900 49V4 48% 4914
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 86% 80% - 80%
K C Southern 700 33%' 33% . «»%
K C Southfcrn pfd .... 5»
Lake Erie & West. ..... ... v . '.. . Gi '
L E & W pfd. .... .... 1^5
Louis & Nash-:... \.,... ,..;.. [ 135%
Manhattan L 300 li31Vi 131% 131 '
Met St Ry. ........ 200 14S% 148% 14S^4
Mex Central l,5oo 28% 28% 28%
Mex National 200 18K ¦ 18% 18%
Minn &St Louis... 100 114* 114 113%
Mo Pacific 41,200 110% - 1C9% 110
Mo Kans & Texas.. 700 27M 27% "7
MK&Tpfd 300: 59% 58% 58%
N 3 Central .; . 180
N Y Central 1,000 • 155% 155* ' 155%
J* or & Western 100 56% 50% 50%
Xor & Western pfd . . gi ¦
Ontario & West 100 32% 3">7i 32»i
Per.npyJvania 500 153% lCl'i 151 y.
Jteadlng. .. .^ . w . ._._ 7.C0O- . «7l£.^ CJJ% «6%
ReaCing 1st pfd 100 -84 84 83%
Reading 2d pfd 200 70% 70% 70%
St L & San Fran.. 1C0 «3 . ca C9
St LAS Fist pfd ..-. 8->
St L & S F 2d pfd 900 72% "71% 12
St Louis SW COO . 30% 30% 30
St Louis SW pfd... SCO 06% 60% OVA
St Paul 32,100 1TC% 175 173U
St Paul Pfd '««> ISV^ \1>1 loStl
foPacfic 2,100 64^ 64^4 "£L%
So Railway SCO 36 35% S5%-
So Railway pfd., »5
Texas & Pacific... 1,«CK) 43% 43% 43 «
TSfL&West 100 21 • 21 20%
T St L & W pfd. . . 100 ;:7« 37',4 30%
I, nion Pacific 13,700 1O5U 104 % 104U
Union Pacific pfd-. COO 89 88% S S%
w »bash 700 31% 30% 3044
w^fV f L e:::: f ><)00 4cr9i 40% t^
W & L E 2d pfd!." Ill" '..'.'. ."''I 35
Wisconsin Cent ..- 200 2C% 20% 26V r
Wis Cent ofd 500 49% 48% 4SVi
Express Companies —
Adams ¦ jg^
American 225
U? 1 ,^ States 200 114% 114% 114%
'Wells Farco # 7. 195'
Miscellaneous — .. . ¦
Amalgamated Cop. 18,400 C4% -63 «j%
Am Car & Foundry 2,400 ."{2% ' 31% ! 3VrI
Am C & F pfd.... 100 91 91 »1
Am Unseed Oil '23U,
Am Linseed O pfd .... 50%
Amer Loco ! 100 32 33* 31«
Amer Loco pfd 400 94 »32i • 94
Am Smelt & Ref 4714
Am S & R pfd 600 98% . 98 9S'
Anaconda M Co... 400 108 108 106
Brook Kap Tran.. 300 «7% 07% «7S4
Col Fuel & Iron... 34,100 Jt-Si^ 85 87
Coneolidated Gas.. 100 220 220 220
Cont Tob pfd 200 J21 % 321 121
General Electric .. 100 305 805 30*
Hocking Coal j 6
Interaatl Paper 100 20% 20H 20%
Int Paper pfd 100 73% 73% 7.'{ "
Laclede Gas 85 '
STatfona; Biscuit ,.,* 47
National Lead ">iii
National Salt ¦ ."' s I
National Salt pfd . . ..... .... •*.*.* 20
North American "..'.', 121
Pacific Coast """' e z
Pacific Mail 7h. ' 41 r ; '
People's Gas 1,000 102' im'% 100«i
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 46 46 45%
Pressed S Car pfd . «ril
Renublic Steel .... 100 17% i7% 17
Pullman Palace ' * 2 3^
Republic Steel pfd 200 72% 72% T2V,
5 a «ar 800 12«% 120,* 126
Tenn Coal & Iron. 1.500 <J2% C2 f2
"B&PCo.. ...:. 74«
U B ft P Co ofd cti'
IT S Leather 300 32% joi& j 2 y»
U S Leather pfd.. 200 S4% R4 % Si
ui^^r-pfd.-: "«* m
tT S Steel 3.S00 38* 37% \t£l
IT S Steel pfd .... 3.WI0 Sfl^i «a '* w£
Western Union ... 2,200 88% 88^ SSii
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— To-day 'p state
ment of the treasury balanees of the general
fund shows : Available cash balance's, $205 -
505,367; jrold. $101.C09,T37. . '. :
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 27. — Clearings, $781,812 •
balances, $115,707..
TACOMA, June 27.— Clearings, $173,254; bal
ances. $24,051:
PORTLAND, June 27 Clearings. $324,530;
balances. ?C0,882. '....... .
SPOKANE, June 27.— aearlngs, $198,330;
balances, $21,343. , , -
NEW YORK, June 27.— Money on call,
steady at 3%.@4 per cent; Closed offered at 3
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per
cent. Sterling exchange, easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 85%@4 S5V4 for sixty day*. Posted
rates, $4 88@4 86% and • $4 8S%@4 89. . Com
mercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver, G2 94c
Mexican dollars, 42 %c Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, heavy; railroad bonds, ir
regular. • .
New York Money Market.
There is no change in Batter and Cheese, but
Eggs are slightly cheaper again, the market
being overstxpplied with them.
Meats, Poultry and Game show no changes
worthy of note. Supplies of Fish are somewhat
light at the moment.
The markets are supplied with the usual
quantities and varieties of fruits and vege
tables, and the summer fruits are steadily get
ting cheaper and more plentiful. Grapes. Can
taloupes and Watermelons ar» added to the
list, but they, are very dear.
COAL. PER TON— . '."«'
Cannel ....$ @13 ©0 SouthfleM
]Y ellington. @io CO Wellington $— 010 00
Seattle @ 8 50 Coos Bay — © 7 00
Roslyn .... @ 9 00 Greta — ©10 00
DADXT PRODUCE. ETC.
Butter, choice. sq45@50 Common Eggs.l7>ia—
D ° «°°d 4<X9— Ranch Eggs, per
Common 35@37 doxenTT. .. ..30&22^L
Cneese, Cal 12@15 Honey, comb per^
Cheese. Eastern. ,17®20 pound 1&820
Chee*e, Swiss 20@30 D« extracted... 8® 10
MEATS. PER LB.
gacon 12%@lS'Pork Sausa*es.l2H915
Hams *13@17j Smoked Beef ....17©20
Lard ........... .15® — |
The San Francises Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives tae t ollowtaff retail nrlcea
tor meats : ¦ -
£«»* .Bfe' 10@18;Lamb Chops ....13©2O
Tenderloin Stk. . .15@18 Spring Lamb. .12 W>«20
Porterhse do. 17% ©22% Roast Muttoi: 8©^
Sirloin Steak.. 12%@15JMotton Chop..:.?10®18
Round Steak... 10® 12% Mutton Stew 8@li»
Beef Stew 8®10 Roast Veal 12©20
Corned Beef .8® 10 Veal Cutlets 1S«2O
Soup Bones 4<@— |Roast Pork 11©13
Soup Meat ...... 8@1O Pork Chops lSSMf
Roast Lamb ..12%@lS r .' *^TT
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50@30 Ducks. «ach....»>c®$l
Young Roosters, Gees*? eaeh ilBOfi-j
each 75c®?l Gon5gT!:.ji*Smio
Old Roostera, ea.50@75 PlgeonS, pair ..r40@50
Fryers. each.....50@73 Squabs. pcTp&Isoiffit
Broilers, each... 30f&50 Rabbits, each lke-o
Turkeys, per lb..20@25 Hare. mSTT "-©^
FRUITS AJfD NUTS— M
Apricots, lb .... 6@10 Grape Frnlt. per
Alligator Pears. &< £ n ..^.rXwi 25
.,£!*.; f^COu^e,. dozen.. ?:iO©15
B1 £r kb £aweV .^(uSSTtoi-T.-SSft?
Curra^s P^ lb " *® * SS. 'Sr V.'. «i I
50&65 Peaches, per lb. 5@ S
PeSS ' -SS Ptaeapples. «ach.20®35
Bananas, doz. . . .20@ 30 *»**« r "•:i" 7 52 ??
Drie^Figt, irib=|l0 Watermelon,. «a.30@40
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus B@10 MTMhrooms, »...—© —
Artichokes. doz..l5@40 Okra, Green. n>.—«3O
Beets dozen ....10@— Potatoes. p«r lb..l%».T
Beans, white, lb. 6@— New Potatoes-.. 1® 3
Colored, per lb. 5# — Parsnip*, per dz.l0#—
Dried Lima, lb... 6® 8 Radishes, dozen
Cabbage, each... 5@— bunches 15©20
Celery head 6@ — Rhubarb 3® 6
Cres« dz bnchs..20#30 Sweet Potatoes,
Cucumbers. dos..lO@2» p«r lb -"Z^Zl
Ega Plant, lb. .12%@13 Sage, doa bnchs.25«30
GarUj ......-....— @ 4 String Beans, per
Green Peppers.Ib. 10(gn5 poima 3^ S
,Green Peas, Ib...2%©4 Summer Squash.
Lettuce, per doz.l5@20 per pound .... 8® 9
Leeks doz bnchs.l5@20 Sprouts, per lb...— ®—
Onions per lb... 2@ 6 Spinach, per lb.. 56—
Ereen Onions, d* Thyme, dz behs^.»@30
bunches . . — ®— Tarntps, per do».10<g>—
Green Corn. doz.20@40 Tomatoes, lb ... 6@10
FISH— . " . • ."
Caro ..........— — ® — Sea Bass -*-© —
Cattsh ..........10^- Smelts K%gl5
Codfish — ®— Soles 12%@13
Flounders 10@— Skates, each .... 8®13
Halibut — ®12& Sqnid — #—
Herrins — @~ Tomcod 10@li!^
Mackerel 12%@— Turbot
Db horse -©10 Trout 7^..35@50
Perch ' — © — Brook Trout ....—©65
Fompino ........50@— Whiteflsh JO®—
¦Rockcod — @15 Clams, gallon ...3Q#—
Rockflsh .-®15 Do hardshell.
Salmon, fresh — ®15 per pound ... 8<gl0
Do smoked.... — @2(J Crawfish • — #—
Sardines — @1'<> Crabs, each ....I992O
shrirars — @ — Mussels, quart... — @—
ghld 8@1C Oysters. CaL 100.40@5O
Striped Bass — © — Do Eastern. dz.25®40
EGGS — Ranch, 18®18%c for fancy, 17@17%o
for good and ie%c for fair; store, 15@16%c per
dozen; Eastern Egg3. lfi&c for seconds.
. BUTTER — Creamery. 20@21c per pound for
fancy, 10Mc for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy, 18@19^c; store Butter. 16@18c per
pound.
' CHEESE — Sew, 9®10c; old, nominal; Young
America, 10@10^.c: Eastern. 13@15c per lb.
Eggs rule weak at the decline already noted.
Most dealers quote 18c as the top for the best
ranch. Receipts are more moderate again, but
there are too many Eggs on the market, never
theless, and dealers continue to put their sur
plus into store. ¦ There are some Eastern sec
onds on . the market at the quotations below.
Receipts were 59,210 pounds, 253 cubes and
22 kegs of Butter, ¦ lbs of Eastern Butter,
985 cases of Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs.
12,900 . pounds of California Cheese and
pounds of Oregon Cheese.
There is nothing new in Cheese.
The demand for cheap Butter continues, as
the bakers are the best buyers of late. The
fi ner_-creameries are quiet, as the exodus of
puofie from the city into the country Is said
to be greater than ever before. During: the
past two or three days there has been gen
eral complaint of the unusual dullness in trade.
Prices show no further decline, however.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Barley quiet and easy, with light offerings.
Oats and Corn very dull. New Rye freely changing hands.
Bran end Middlings sfill firm and Hay easy.
Beans end Seeds dull and featureless.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Provisions very quiet at unchanged quotations.
Hops advance again, with a good demand for contract.
Hides and Wool selling off well at firm prices.
Meats dull, with ample supplies.
Coal quiet, with sufficient local stocks.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry dull and weak. Game unchanged.
Fresh Fruit market continues well supplied.
Business still light in the stock exchanges.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Wheat firm here and lively in the country.
ST. JOSEPH, June 27.— Cattle— Receipts,
650; steady. Natives, $5@8 25; cows arid heif
ers, ?1 75@6 50; veals, $3 50@6; stockers ami
feeders, $2 25@5 50.
Hogs — Receipts, 5100; steady. Light and
light mixed, $7-4597 65; medium and heavy,
$7 60@7 80; piffs, $4 25@4 75.
Sheep — Receipts, 1700; steady. Top shorn
lambs, f 6. • . " • . .
ST. JOSEPH.
Sheep — Receipts, 5000; sheep steady. Lamb3
steady. Good to choice wethers, $2 75@4; fair
to choiee mixed, $.'! 50@3 75; Western sheep,
$2 75@4; native lambs, clipped, $4@G 50; spring
lambs, top, $T"25.' \
Hogs — Receipts: To-day, 25.000; to-morrow,
12,000; Jelt over, 10,600. Market opened steady:
closed 10c lower. Mixed and butchers', $7 25
<g7 70; good to choice heavy, ?7 70@7 85; rough
heavy, $7 40@7 (iO; light, SfT25@7 40; bulk ot
sales, $7 35@7 70.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Cattle — Receipts, 2000,
including 300 Texans; steady. Good to prime
steers, nominal, $7 60@S 40; poor .to medium,
$4 73@7 30; stockers and feeders, $2 50@5 £5-.'
cows, $1 40@6 ; heifers, $2 4U@4 50; canners,
$1 40@2 50; bulls, $2 75©5 75; calves. $2 50@
ti 50; Texas fed steers $4@7.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Atchlson pfd 100% Copper Range... 53 Ji
Boston &»Albany.26O Dominion Coal. 1.135
Boston & Elaine. .201 Franklin , 10%
Koston Elevated. .1«5 Isle Royale • 12
NY N H & H 120 Mohawk 42
Fitchburg pfd....ltas^ old Dominion 1»>4
Union Pacific ...l0i% Osceola 00
Mpxican Central. 28% Parrot .*.:....,-: 27 .
Miscellaneous — Quincy* 130
Amer Sugar-. 125& Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Am Sugar pfd... 110 Tamarack 175
Am Tel & Tel 177 '4 Trimountain ..... 85
Dom Iron & Steel 52 Trinity 11%
General Electric. .300 United States 19V4
Mass Electric ...42%\Utah .......20
MaBs Elec pfd.,. 97% Victoria 0
N E Gas & Coke 30% Winona 514
United Fruit .... 11% Wolverine 64
US Steel 37^4 '
Receipts of Poultry were moderate, but the
demand was slack and the market continued
dull. Choice Broilers and Fryers only were
firm, all other descriptions being In free sup
ply.
. Game was unchanged.
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12^i@13c for Gob
blers and 12%@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and
$3 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $5@G; old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fryers,
$3 5C@4 50; Broilers, $2 75®3 50 for large and
$2(§2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1 25 per dozen; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and T3c@?l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
NJEW YORK, June 27. — The cotton market
opened easy with prices three points higher to
six points lower and closed barely steady, with
prices net nine. to sixteen points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
nia Tomatoes, 5C@S5c per box or crate; Missis
sippi, 75c@$l per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc
per lb; Carrots, ?1 per sack; .Cucumbers from
MarysviUe, 30@40c per box; Bay, 75c@$l per
large box; Garlic, 2@2%c for new; Chile Pep
pers, 10@12%c; Bell, 20@25c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, S@10c; Summer Squash, 40@60c
for small boxes and $1@1 25 for large; Marrow
tat Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash.
$15@20. ,
In cereals the . features have ' been the
strength of corn, on reports of cold weather,
and the advance in oats, due to short supplies
and large cash demand/. Wheat has fluctuated
in narrow . limits, but the large decreases in
supply have ' constituted a balance 'to the quite
favorable reports as to the winter and spring
planted orops. . At this, the usually dullest
period of the year. -the movement .of general
merchandise is still very large. The coal
strike dulls trade at the. leading Eastern mar
kets. A lull in the demand for lumber at re
tail is noted at New- York. Philadelphia and
other cities, but the mills are Arm as to prices.
Builders' hardware sales - are ahead of last
year. Copper and tin are very, much weaker.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 3,382,701 bushels, against .3,860.434
bushels last week and 4,364,147 bushels in this
week last year. Wheat exports, July, 1901. to
date,- aggregate 2iS,tKi8,584 bushels, against
214,501,550 bushels last season.
Business failures for the week in the United
States numbers 153, against 177 last week, 173
in this week last year, 183 in 1900. 158 in 1S99
and 173 in 18&8.
Canadian failures not reported.
yields, gave little promise at its opening. *No
ground appears ; to have been lost, but on tho
contrary distinct gains over the best of pre
vious years have been ¦ noted In many | lines:
Profits may have been but the vol
ume of trade turned over has about made up
for this. Export trade in agricultural prod
ucts is one of the few .lines to suffer in com
parison with the previous years.' Unseasonably
coal weather :is a drawback to Immediate retail
distribution and arrests the progress at the
corn crop East and WestL Confidence in the
outlook, however, is evidenced by the continued
heavy buying for fall delivery noted in the
great grain growing sections of the West. This
is also reflected by a continued large increase
in every earning over the best results of pre
vious -years, except where, as in the case of
the coal roads, distribution is paralyzed by the
wholesale shutdown of production and -con
sumption. Aside from this single exception,
however; the general industrial situation has
rather improved. The price movement has
been irregular. In keeping with varying weather
conditions, as far as agricultural products are
concerned. Cotton moved, higher on continued
dry 'reports . from Texas and Louisiana, but
rains at the close of the week in Southern
Texas gave hopes of a change here.
was slow. Warrants were nominal ; No. 1 foun
dry. Northern, $22@23; No. 2 foundry. North
ern. $21@22; No. 1 foundry, Southern, $21 50
(£22 DO; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $21 50®
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
New York Grain and Produce,
Batik Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures
The Potato market showed ILttJe change. Of
ferings -of choice stock were limited and sold
readily, but the market was glutted with poor
stock, which splij slowly at unsteady prices.
Onions were offering freely and prices showed
little variation. .
All descriptions of Vegetables were In free
supply and the market was fairly active. String
and Wax Beans did better under a steady in
quiry for shipping. Tomatoes held up well. A
tew large boxes came in from the river and
sold at $2 25 ver box. Offerings of Green Corn
were large and the market was easy on poor
stock. About 30 crates came . in from Ala
nieda, the first of the season from that quar
ter, and sold at '$2 50 per crate. Cucumbers,
continued to weaken under heavy supplies.
POTATOES — New Early Rose, 60@75c in
boxes and sacks; Burbanks, 40c@$l 35, • with
some fancy ¦ higher: Garnet 'Chiles.- W0c@.?l;
old Burbanks. 60@75c. ."-,-\ .
ONIONS— Australian. $1 50@2, second hands;
new Red, 50g65c per sack; Yellow, $1@1 05 per
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, from VacaFllIe.
$1@1 50 per sack; bay Corn, $1 75@2; Aspara
gus. $1@2 25 per box ; Rhubarb, , 50@85c per
box; Green Peas, $1@J. 50 per sack for common
and 2^3c per lb for Garden: String Beans. 2%®
3 Vic per lb and 3@4c for Wax; Refugee Beans.
3%@4e per lb; Cabbage, 90c@$ 1 per ctl; Calif or-
Local operators are quoting higher prices for
Hops, with a very firm market. Contracts are
being drawn at lB^16c per lb. The growers
were all right when they declined to contract
at 1214c several months ago. . Old Hops have
also moved up, as will be seen.
The Hide and Wool markets are also reported
in " good -shape for sellers, being firm, with a
good demand and no accumulation of stock.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
y'/>c tor heavy and Oc for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 6%c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%e; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, Jl@13c; Dry Calf. 16kg>18c: Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings.- 20®
30c each; short wool. 40@60c each; medium.
G3@75c; long wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.*
$1 00@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for meaUtm.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American, 32 %c- Goat
Skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium. 85c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@3c; grease, 2%@3%c. .
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendocino.
16<glSc; Northern free. 14@16c; do. defective.
1.5@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do. de
fective. 12@13c; Southern. 12 months, KSlOc;
do, 7 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Ne
vada, 12®15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@loc per lb.
HOPS— 12%@14c for fair and 15@17%c per lb
for good to choice second hands. Contracts for
1002 crop are being drawn at 15@ltSc.
11
fcTATIOXS.
B
If
C
£ c
s 3
c
5
i
• < a ¦ e n « S.
?«. iff 5
5
"hlco
54 .
Cle^r 5
Clear
Clear >.' JJ
Clear XW «
.OU
v. >ear .... • , .
-<A
Clear W 0
Clear N IA,
Clear
.Oj
Clear '.
Vl«« .... . . •
Clear SW 10
Clear J\'W ...
rz .
Clear S
O0«ar
• .:
ted Bluff
<^ .
Clear N 6
Clear
T.
Clear S 10
Clear W «
Clear TV 'm
4V
fHear
Clear W 12
Clear
fifar . . . . . .
.00
uiear .... ..,
Clear
Clear W ...
Clear SCW ...
r.
E
re x
!!
E 3
I 1
c
S
I o
TO »S
ss. . s.
O
; p
.Astcria
Baker ..
ljureka
29.
2a.
:>a>.
IS
52
40
Li
KE
a
Clear .-22
' Rain T.
Clear . .00
Clear .00
2y .
.5S
Kff
Clear ;00
riegstal
ir ay.
78
Cloudy .00
i«. Ida. 29.
Pt ClUy .00
74
100
60
CO
74
N
SW
w
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
a 3<t .
uff 2».
rg 80.
70
«8
f>2
«a
&4
PtCidy .01
Clear ,00
Pt Clfly .00
tacrarm
Salt LaJ
S?a:i Fra
S. L. Ol
San Diei
Seattle
Spokane
Xeah Bi
AValia *
"VVinnem
Yuma .
er.to ..:».
fce ,..,29.
incisco.29.
ibiepo. 58.
*o,...29.
30.
e 29.
toy 30.
IV&IIa .2fl.
nucca -SS*.
1' j .
72
pg
64
T'j
10
SB
30
B2
TO
50
84
76
CS
cs
64
«2
74
7«
102
54
C2
50
ss
so
so
50
52
SO
es i
6
w
VF
vr
TIT
SW
Clear -00
Cloudy .00
Clear ,<00
Clear .<aj
Clear T.
Clear T.
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .14
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
fcTATIOXS.
B
If
C
£ c
s 3
c
5
i
• < a ¦ e n « S.
?«. iff 5
5
"hlco
54 .
Cle^r 5
Clear
Clear >.' JJ
Clear XW «
.OU
v. >ear .... • , .
-<A
Clear W 0
Clear N IA,
Clear
.Oj
Clear '.
Vl«« .... . . •
Clear SW 10
Clear J\'W ...
rz .
Clear S
O0«ar
• .:
ted Bluff
<^ .
Clear N 6
Clear
T.
Clear S 10
Clear W «
Clear TV 'm
4V
fHear
Clear W 12
Clear
fifar . . . . . .
.00
uiear .... ..,
Clear
Clear W ...
Clear SCW ...
r.
E
re x
!!
E 3
I 1
c
S
I o
TO »S
ss. . s.
O
; p
.Astcria
Baker ..
ljureka
29.
2a.
:>a>.
IS
52
40
Li
KE
a
Clear .-22
' Rain T.
Clear . .00
Clear .00
2y .
.5S
Kff
Clear ;00
riegstal
ir ay.
78
Cloudy .00
i«. Ida. 29.
Pt ClUy .00
74
100
60
CO
74
N
SW
w
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Cldy .00
a 3<t .
uff 2».
rg 80.
70
«8
f>2
«a
&4
PtCidy .01
Clear ,00
Pt Clfly .00
tacrarm
Salt LaJ
S?a:i Fra
S. L. Ol
San Diei
Seattle
Spokane
Xeah Bi
AValia *
"VVinnem
Yuma .
er.to ..:».
fce ,..,29.
incisco.29.
ibiepo. 58.
*o,...29.
30.
e 29.
toy 30.
IV&IIa .2fl.
nucca -SS*.
1' j .
72
pg
64
T'j
10
SB
30
B2
TO
50
84
76
CS
cs
64
«2
74
7«
102
54
C2
50
ss
so
so
50
52
SO
es i
6
w
VF
vr
TIT
SW
Clear -00
Cloudy .00
Clear ,<00
Clear .<aj
Clear T.
Clear T.
Clear T.
Pt Cldy .14
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD AT AUCTION.
ONE CARLOAD MODOC HORSES
Consigned by James McCabe.
Also one carload thoroughly broken high- class
DRIVING HORSES a} STEWART'S
HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD STREET. Near Third.
Phone Main 1150.
MONDAY. June 30, 11 a. nu .
Some GENTLE DRTVTNO AND WORK
HORSES cheat) at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET. .
721 HOWARD STREET. -THE SAN FKAOSrCISCp CALL, SATURDAY, JU^TE 28, 1902.
12
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. V.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of.gooa
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: no.
less thar. 5 feet 4 inches and not over 0 feet I
inch: able to speak and read English. Fo.
ftfrther information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Bright boy who resides with Ms
parents to assist in charging room of a
wholesale house; state age and references.
Box 1229. Call. - •
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free: special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to too*
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers ana
overskirts. Apply 1 box 1116. Call.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.,
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
• 60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. tet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from_ferry 1 _
HORSE^^ND^ WAjGONS.
50 HEAD at auction — One carload Modoc
horses, consigned by James McCabe ; also
one carload thoroughly broken high-class
driving horses, at Stewart's Horse- -Market,
721 Howard st, near Third; phone Main 1150.
Monday, June 30. 11 a. m. ; ,
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses In
use in this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect in every way;
prices ' low. Occidental Horse Exchange. 246
Third «t. " .
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
25 SHETLAND ponies for rale; call before
Monday. Emeryville Hotel, comer Thirty-,
seventh st. and San Pablo ave. IRA PHEB-
. SON. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
FOR sale — Saddle horse, 6 years old; thorough-
bred; can be driven as well: gentle and kind;
price, Including saddle, bridle. $100. Can be
seen at 507 Jessie st, near Sixth.
HORSE, $15; buggy, $15; wagon, $20; phae-
ton, *40: double harness, $12 DO; single, $5;
lady's saddle. $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
FOR sale — Horse, harness and top buggy. $65.
1327 Pierce st. bet O'FarTell and Ellis.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET.721 Howard.
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
gies, etc. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Fine canopy- top surrey; also, fine
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable. 187 Stevenson.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st
3 CARRIAGE teams, five -good saddle horses.
DALZIEL. 60S Golden Gate ave. ¦
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harness,work,drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN Ail express wagon, single; also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
2 ¦ HOUSES TO LET.
A^raiN^KDllsT^fliousea TtoTe£^senXfor"cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Between Alcazar Theater and ferry,
one lady's gray kid purse containing about
$15 and U.' S. army identification tag. Finder
may keep money, but please return tag and
"purse to A. L. OSBORN, steamer Tlburon.
LOST — Chatelaine purse containing diamond
earrings, 2 brooches and small purse with
money, also locket with pictures, on Taylor
St., bet. Ellis and Turk. Return 4324 Twen-
tieth st; liberal reward. %^-.j
LOST — Friday morning, between Fillmore st.
and Ocean Beach, gold pin, skull and cross
bones. Finder return to box 1219, Call office,
and receive liberal reward. - ,\ ; : ,
LOST — Brown pacing stallion, harness and
rubber-tired buggy, from Powell and Ellis.
Return to G. & SVVITZER, Twelfth and Har-
rison sts.
LOST — Irish terrier dog; red and gray wire-
haired; tail docked. Reward paid If returned
to 1S12 Goush st., near Sacramento. .
LOST — Watch fob and locket; locket resembles
small plain hunting-case watch; no photo in
locket. Return to Call office; reward.
LOST — Brown water spaniel; reward. 1232
Valencia sf. ..:.-„,'
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN O'NEILL SMITH. No. 220-
668. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
¦ MEDICAL.
A — DR. O"DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement. 1008% Market St., opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years* experience; private home in
confinement Moved to 728 Post st. nr. Jonea.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most importr.nt of modern principles In treat-
Ing and curfcg female complaints; ladies, all
'Who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
¦ consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
% normal results; fee low. 1007^ Market st
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero — Graduate Royal
University; 25 years* midwifery experience;
takes ladles before & during conflnemt ; terms
reasonable; Infants adopted. - Tel. Blue ¦ 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener, formerly G. G. ave., now 210
Eddy st. — Home for patients: babies adopted.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store,Clay& Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210' Stockton st, opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MININg7~ ~~
BEST hydraulic mine In California; thoroughly
prospected and tested; now ready to turn on
water and begin taking out gold; large divi-
dends guaranteed from the start; small
, amount more money necessary to start up;
chance, for few days, to get in on bed rock'
The Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st
San Francisco., "
FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machtnery^^McTx^
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-lt>7 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. . * ~
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS Mc-MAHON'S
Awning, Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. " ey3 '
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
3 BEAUTIFUL English thoroughbred spaniel
pups 7 weeks old, $5 and $7 50. 1348 Fol-
som st, near Tenth.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos
motors, pumps, wood and Iron worklne ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st.
HAMMOCKS ... •"
At half price. ,102 Clay at:,'
SAFES — Carey Safe Co. E. B. BECK & CO
.Azents. 103 Front st. '
N fw Ba O tt°e r ry S st- *" com * Iete . «*eap.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, door-
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, record, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, ali sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J.-E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES— New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
¦
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAt.K.
12 ROOMS; elegant; first-class; clears $70.$1200
20 rooms; clears $l>3; only SOO
12 ro-'ms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
15 rooms: Just listed K5»
30 rooms; clears ?'-!50; Investigate.. 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 l-'i00
100 rooms: clears $600 0500
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN: phone John 831.
000 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).
BARGAINS; GENUINE SNAPS.
The following houses must be sold within 5
days; will sell on easy payments:
9 rooms; rent $50; down town; transient. .
11 rooms; rent $30; mixed furniture,
lfi rooms: rent $7700; fine furnishings.
27 rfioms; rent $140; fine transient.
S5 rooms; rent $65; mixed furniture.
SCHWEINHARD,
No. 017 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th sts.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
Fult you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
thow houses. Carriage at door.
, Money leaned. 1% per cent
! 31 ROOMS: rent $115: clears 3120 month; cor-
i ner: rriee $2550; 2 floors; apartment house:
roomers care for their rooms: oak and chevy
furniture: moquet carets. • I
15 rooms; central; respectable; corner;
clears SSO month: owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for $750 spot
each.
MAP.ION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
i 11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
; 20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
I 8 rooms: sunny flat; corner 200
; 11 rooms; downtown: good .• 700
! 18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1^ per cent per month.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$R500
3<K) rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhouses. flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S50 Market st. — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 28L
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, . hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you. will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 91T Market St., bet' 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48; sickness 450
16 rooms; fine location; other business.. 650
600 houses for sale.
i $150 CASH, balance In mortgage, will buy a
good located 12-room lodging-bouse. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
$100 CASH, balance mortgage, for 7-room lodg-
ing-house. McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market st.
CORNER house; 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st.. cor. Ninth.
A SMALL aum will give you a partnership In
a business that will clear $100 per week. 842
Howard sV
$90 — NEWLY furnished and renovated. In-
qulre 842 Howard st. ¦•'¦¦ '¦¦ ¦ . ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
MA^ETU^iz!N~G~^a^icT^u^^ 8
o'clock: skeptics invited; admission 50c. DR.
AUGUSTUS FOSTER. 123 Turk St.; read-
ings dally.:';,
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis st, near Franklin;
materializing seance; 'Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
; MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium. life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O' Farrell st. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing. 50c; Sun-
day eve. 725 26th St., Oakland.
Attend Mrs. Harland's circle to-night, 10c; pro-
phetic readings; ladies 50c; gents $1. 132 6th.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium -.readings
50c, $1. 31C Third St.; dr. Tues., Fri., 25c.
MRS. HAUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; 50c. 28 Sixth st, room 1.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01: seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
PROF. PAUL DESTINE^
The First Registered, as Well as the First
Graduate Palmist and Clairvoyant •
Ever in San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life,; his information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc.. are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness:
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physicians' skill | cured without
the use of medicine; there Is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this Inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, mediumistlc
persons developed": learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to S p. m.; fee reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD. '¦ ~~ ~~ "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated, , ¦
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject:
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office. 412 Post st. — 412.
Daily, 10 to 12. 2 to 6. 7 to 9.
- Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
Readings by mall, 3 questions $1 00.
A— ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market «t,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; '3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated;' makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to
8 dally. 1010 Mission st, near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 120 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; read in gf-. by mall. 10] C Market st.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
1 tell comes true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market St., Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; read-
ings dally this week, 2C-c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIE. photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates; do your own developing. 309
Turk it. ._-.*;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names siven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant and palmist; truth
or no pay; 25c up. 114'J Mission, over store.
MME. HANSEN, clairvoyant, reads card and
palm; 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L.' 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
OLDEST palmist and card reader in city; la-
dles 25c; gentlemen. 50c. 1032 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448 ',4 Jessie st. bet. 5th & 6th.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant - and . high . psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.'
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lr.g Works. 353-357 Teh am a st; tel. South 40.,
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kletnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 2 %c yd ;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market. bet 8th&9th ;tel.Howard2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet- beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Uth «t; tel. Mission 74.
MISCELLANEOifS FOR 8A *^f77Con.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 510 Market »t
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movins plc-
. tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Barge or lighter of about 35 or 40
tons in good order; not draw over 20 inches
" when- loaded; give dimensions and Ijweat
price. Address A., box 1234. Call office.
BIG\prlces paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTKD — A buzz planer that will do rabbet-
lr,g. 2oo5 Pine st. '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an.1
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2Sol.
OLD gold silver diamonds and precious stonea
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
- MONEY TO LOAJN^
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-C02 Examiner bldg.
S4 500 000 at less than bank rates
'.".'.'.'...'...!.. LOANS MADE
.On first and second mortgages........
*,*... Life interests in estates
. Property being held, in- trust. .......
[....Undivided Interests in real estate
Estates In probate — Legacies
\~..i Assignment of rents
"" Life insurance policies.'
"Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money. ...:........
.'.".'.".'see HERMAN MURPHY
• " „ . . ; 601-602 ¦ Examiner building
A r McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate. „-
On estates in probate. ; . J
On legacies.
Telephone Main 5516.-
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A\Y proposition any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantlle interests, corporation loans. Rooms lij,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY^
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery st.
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rats of Interest.
Long or short term. ______________
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on ¦ diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 840
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. neat
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and oa.
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amounts
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room ML
S. P. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salarle4
1 - people on their not*.
THE TOPSLEY CO 143 Phelan bld».
ON furniture, pianos: no removal ;money quick;
lowest interest; easy terma; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market »t. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianom.
• furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
' no com. ; strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal:
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 2G Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st o»
2d mtgs.,und'vd- interests, estates in probate,
life ins. policies, etc Harper, 480 Parrott bid.
ON furniture, planes; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private/ E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried oeople on note without
lndorser. MORRELLC 6W> Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $8000 loan at 5 per cent on .good
•city real estate from private parties; first '
mortgage. Particulars " K. S.. box 1233, CalL
"MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALIi makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway ...$95 to $2S0
2 Knabe $S5 to $110
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne ..$40
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-23T
Geary tet
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way ot prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptlonaUy fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Putter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
A SAVING OF FROM $75 TO $100. ;.' j
An elegant Chlckering, used 8 months; a
fine Vose. mahogany case, like new; 2 Stein-
ways, fine order, cheap; 1 Sterling, used 10
months; 2 Pease, new styles, cost $400: 1
Chester, used 6 months, a snap; prices from
$190 up; all uprights. BENJ. CURTAZ Sc
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm*
within two years and full purchase price al-
l lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S50. .
WE are cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
as $30, and in good condition. Call and sea
our unsurpassed line' of new goods as well.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st. *
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE" 8
PIANO FACTORY. Market 14th and Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a sons
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
PARTY need' of cash must sacrifice handsoms
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st
ON sale — A large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
$160^ — ALMOST new 3- pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good piano*.
SNAP— 2 only, new. $450; high-grade uprlghtm.
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn.208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
O} 1^. ¦
McKENZIE & CARLSEN. members Producers'
Oil Exchange, buy & sell oil stocks, lands A
investment securities. 137 Montgomery st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PRETTY store to let: 3 living rooms. 1530
Church st. ;. call afternoons;, take Mission
and Twenty-ninth-st. car.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts.; below Kearny st. 630 Clay st. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. Tr^^ERGXA^D^eads"TTo^4r~7CO
Post st. corner of Jones; phone Folk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI; scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black' 561.
PERSONALS. ™
IF your hair Is falling, send for DR. G. 3.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from, falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
. cure for eczema; preparation cent to all parti
of the world; call or send for circular.- DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'FarreU st. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install- .
ments. $1 weekly. L: LEMOS. 1117 Market
«t. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light . In every . room— 'Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggagg to and from the ferry.
A— W"HAT <Jo you think? O. BERMAN. 4a
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as -—bite shirts; selection 300 patterns.
FOR the best private detective In America a4»
dress J. W. FORBES. 1111 Bryant »t; ho*>
orable and persevering.
THE best hair dressing, any style, 25c only;
shampooing, 50c; switches, wigs; hair dye-
lng by artists. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton
MONEY • to loan at ' low Interest; gold, silver,
-' diamonds, pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J. HCSTHAL'S. 10 BUU» «t-
FLATS TO LET — Contlnned.^
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; piano; rent reasonable.' Box 1240, Call.
McALLISTER. 637 — 3 nice large sunny rooms
. and bath; rent reasonable; no children.
TO let — Two 4-room flats; rent $12 50. 714
Natoma st. bet Eighth and 'Ninth. ; -¦'.-. . .-
UPPER part of house, 5 rooms and bath; rent
$17 50. 0 Elgin Park: "
BOWIE ave.. 5. off Eleventh st. — Flat of 3
rooms; cheap rent to a small family.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, Rincon
Hill. ¦ 161 Hawthorne st., near Harrison.
CARL. 258— Yard, basement, sunny, front;
beautiful view of park; Just completed.
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
side. 1112-1116 Fell st. ¦ ¦
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
4 ROOMS, furnished, for rent or sale;' easy
terms. 723 Howard st.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — * rms., bath; gas range;
garden; $25; lower. flat. 2 rms., $12 50: 1 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE. ,
EDDY. 1940— Elegantly furnished flat, 6 rooms
and bath. Apply on premises or G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50; with No. T
range. King Furniture Co:. 1127-1131 Market.
-_'_:¦¦-¦_ FU RXITURE WANTED.
OTTO MAX," California st. pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons.. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS..
.' 411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 42L
GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others ; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. r7hANSEN'& CO.'sT/Phone Grant~185
...I HOTEL DEPARTMENT.' 1
2 first-class chambermaids, flrst-class coun-
try hotel, start to-day, free fare and $20 each
2 chambermaids, same country hotel.. $17 50
Chambermaid, Santa Barbara, fare ad-
vanced ...¦ $20
2 chambermaids to wait, Pacific Grove,
fare paid $20
2 waitresses, Byron Springs. $20
.4 waitresses, Bartlett Springs, free fare
both ways, see party here .$25
Waitress, Shasta Springs, party here, fare
paid $20
Pantrywoman, sprinxs. choice place $35
Fancy ironer, springs, free fare both ways. $33
Starch ironer, country laundry. ..$10 week
Waitress, coffee parlor, nice place ..... .$30
Housekeeper, for a short while, first-class
hotel .......'. $2 day
¦60 waitresses, city, country and resort
hotels $25
¦ 2 waitresses, Arizona first-class hotel, free
fare $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .'.
Cook, first-class place. American family,
country, four others in help, party can b«
seen here, $35; nice place for a house
girl for a j summer outing, seashore, $20,
, American family of 2, fare paid; others, city
. and country i
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
Opposite .California Hotel
Between Kearny Et. and Grant ave
A— BOOKKEEPER for a restaurant. $20 and
found. C. R, HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
WANTED — 3 German nurses, $25; German
ccok, $35; cook for delicatessen, $35 to $40;
2. laundresses, family work, $30; 3 cooks,
plain wash, German style. $30; 3 chamber-
• maids, hotels, $20; chambermaid and sewing,
: family, $25; second girl. $20 and $25; 15
waitresses for city hotels, springs, etc., $20
and $25. nice places, extra tips; 83 girls
. for housework in city and country, $25 and
¦ $30; cook, no wash, Santa Cruz, $35. Appiy
_ to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and two waitresses, same
place, $20 each; chambermaid, summer re-
sort, $20; chambermaid, hotel, city, $20; 10
waitresses-, $25 each; a nursegirl, $25; cook
and second girl. $30 and .$25: boarding-house
cook, $35; hotel cook, $35. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st 7
5 WAITRESSES. .Bartlett . Springs, fares both
ways, $25; 25 waitresses, springs and resorts,
fares paid, $25. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary.
MIDDLE-AGED man and wife to keep house
elderly gentleman, $30. MRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary st. • ...
WAITRESS for Glen Ellen, fare paid both
ways, $25; five waitresses for Bartlett
Springs, $25; four waitresses for Santa Cruz,
$25 and fare paid. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st. near Powell;
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
• LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work taught In 2 weeks, $4 60; positions guar-
anteed in stores and 'with private customers,
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
lng. College 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
WANTED — "A few brls-ht women to form
classes for. study along Interesting line of
thought; can be made remunerative. Box
1238, Call.
PACIFIC College. 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; hairdresslng. mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sitions guaranteed stores and private ;day, eve.
3 OR 4 more ladles to cut and arrange flowers;
good wages: call Saturday and Sunday 6 p. m.
MRS. jtOBERTS, Winchester Hotel.
WANTED — Respectable girl to assist In gen-
eral housework; German preferred. 41S
Brannan st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
GOOD girl to wait table or to learn; wages
paid. Restaurant, 52 Eighth st
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. Call
afternoon, 720 Folsom st. •
A LADY piano player; i country' roadhouse;
good wages. M. J., box 26, St. Helena.
LADIES, to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;-
hairdresslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
GIRL — Housework; 2 adults; good home; must
cook; $10. Call afternoons, 2476 Post st.
WANTED— Two good lady barbers; 70c on $1;
at Lady Barbers, 428 Sixth st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st. ' / . -
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. ,
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton., room 13.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
MEN for haying, $1 50 day; a large number of
laborers for mill yards, mines,' quarries,
brick yards, concrete . work, $2 50 a day;
railroads, lumber roads and other work at
$175, $2, $2 25 and $2 50 day; 4 wood chop-
pers, ' $1 50 cord; cheese maker. $60' and
found; fare paid; butter maker, $40 and
found; milkers, $30, $35 and $40 and found;
men and wives; coachman, $30 and found;
stablemen: can washer; milk wagon driver;
blacksmiths, $2 50 to $3 50 day; blacksmiths'
helpers and" other mechanics. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.." 628 Sacramento st.
-WAITER and wife, $50; 'man and wife for
cook. and helper, private family, $45; Scotch
. or American baker, $14 week and found '.
cook and wife, for resort, $50; hotel and res-
taurant waiters, dishwashers. vegetable
. men and others. jJ. 'F. -.CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. ' ',
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 403.
FREE FARE ....UTAH AND NEVADA
500 teamsters and rockmen, $2 25 to $2 50 day
FREE...;.. '.NO OFFICE FEE. .... ..FREE
. FREE FARE...... ..TO MENDOCINO CO.
• 100 men for sawmills and lumber woods. '~ $20
to $65 per month and board; 50 railroad la-
borers, big sawmill co. ; free fare, to-day.. ..
5 carpenters' helpers.' country.".$2 25 per day
10 lumber pliers. . ..$40 per month and board
20 woodsmen.. $40 to $60 per month' and board
20 concrete men, near city! ."..$2 25 per, day
2 men to cultivate beans.: ........ ...... :f. ..
.............;¦... $32 50 per month and board
Man and wife, man general ranch work, wife
' to cook Xor 5 men,, full charge. . steady year
round........ .'...... .$45 per month
A— MAN cook for worklngmen's , camp,', $50; a
I dishwasher for same camp, $30; also a scrub
' man, ?25. > MIS? - T" T "vimrrr.. 425 Sutter
£t., near Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call ccrner cf Market and Third streets: open
tntll 12 o'clock ev4ry nieht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 027 Montgomery Etreet
ccrner Clay: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C» McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. tn.
:.:."> Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
r?61 Market btreet corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 b. tn.
3C« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
'J2(X> Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST MASTERS' Association.
K. and A. M. — The regular JSl
monthly meeting will be ht.ld £T&
THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- ff.tt
ING iu St John's Hall. Ma- ff^Si^t
sonic Temple, at S o'clock. 4&»*BV '
liy order of Uie President. ff%JtJS\
H. J. OWEN. Sec. CcTTri^rtJ?
KINcTsOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260 f" ~ j
and A, M.— Third degree THIS (SAT- Jfk
URDAY) AFTERNOON at 3:30 if II
o'clock, and THIS EVENING at 7:30. /%T'
< HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
KXCELSiOR Degree Lodge' No. .. . .
2, 1. U. U. F. — Regular meeting e§*SS3tte.
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. 2J0*3>S?
Second desire. -*%7ii'S !s *
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
woodmen of the world. a
Golden Gate Camp No. / ?/ — I •
l>4 — Members are hereby _«^5*rv" "JjV ljj\ i
notified to attend th? £jS^-»!«5!3E'sK5/ '
funeral of our late neig-fi- %_Jgr*"***™°*y~' ',
bor. HARRY G. HOL- - • j
LAND, from . the parlors of H. F. Suhr «.
Co.. 1137 Mission st. SUNDAY, June 1"J, at
IU o'clock a. m.
TUOS. J. BARRY, Consul Commander,
D. OLIVER JR., Clerk.
KOT1CE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on Issue Bf bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
v.&rd building, corner ot California and Mont-
gomery ets.. San Francisco. Cat. April 28.
1902. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Stb day of April, lattJ, at a
rcjjular meeting of said board duly held In
the city and county of San Francisco. State
cf California, whereat more than three-
lourttoe of the. directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders of said corporation will be held at
the effice and principal place of business cf
taid corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
H«ywerd building, corner "of Montgomery
end California streets, in the city and county
cf Ean Francisco. State of California, said
building being the building where the board
of directors of said corporation usually meet,
and said place being the place in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of fuly. lytc. at 11 o'clock a. m. t for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
sociated Oil Company, in the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to secure said bonded Indebtedness
to proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
of eaid corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
cf said mortgage or deed of trust By order
of the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
THIRTY FIRST Annual Picnic of Portuguese
Protective and Benevolent Association, SUN-
DAY June 28. 1902, at Shell Mound Park.
Berkeley. First class band has been en-
gaged for this occasion; also a fine string
band for dancing in upper hall in the Azor-
ian style. Admission to the Park, 25 cents;
children under 12 years, free. Association
leaves en 10 a. m. boat.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
A regular summons meeting of all carriage
owners of San Francisco was held on Tues-
day evening, June 24, 1902. and the follow-
ing resolution was adopted: That on and
after the 1st day of July. 1902. rates or car- '
riage hire for parades will be as follows: [
For a carriage drawn by two horses. $tt. and J
for a carriage drawn by four horses. $12. j
AGENTS WANTED.
$5 TO $10 day easily made selling celebrated :
Perfection Flavoring Powder; agents wanted. I
Call or ad. Long Bros.. 950 Broadway, Oakld.
ALLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain la
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market Et., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint 865. 819 Market~et
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
IUCVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buyicg; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3U5 Market. 19tSS to 1974 Page.
BOOKS—NEW AND O LU.
HOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: teL Howard 1046.
BL'SINESS CHANCES.
A— $350; RESTAURANT and^chophouse on
O'Farrell Et: good business; rent $75. Par-
Uculars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
1550 — COAL and wood -yard on Howard st; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.;
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
-6*4 Kearny et.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery ar.d bar on Taylor
st; 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. WILKE. 2t>^ Kearny et.
A— $1400; SALOON on Geary et. ; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
well-patrpnized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2<S>4 Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar In best part of
the city; owner will Bell at Invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
. a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $130u; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment Call It, G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearr.y st. ; rent $75; a place established for
JO years and clearing at least $250 per month
Particulars R. G. U'lLKE. 26V4 Kearny st
SOKE GENUINE BARGAINS BY BROWN
& CO.
Grocery. Market et, at invoice price... $375
Partner. Market-**, saloon; $100 month. 300
Partner in restaurant, take cash 75
House and lot; sunny side; $100 down.. 1000
BROWN & CO.. 3221 Market Et.; est. 18S<i.
RESTAURANT — A golden opportunity for a
wide awake, up-to-date caterer, with means
t» take hold of a select Bay City hotel cafe;
new doing best business there; right party
could quadruple it; most of rental taken in
ir^Dnaor cUe< - capt - "•
$27C0 CASH buys leading delicatessen and res-
taurant in fcacramenio; location center of re-
tail district; tiade steady and select- refer-
«:)c?s exchanged; incuni- and reasons for sell-
ing on application; a splendid opportunity for
man and wit.e; <jorre6jjondejice solicited* be-
tween now and 1st of August. Address "A."
I*. O. box Bag, Sacramento.
%va— RESTAURANT: lunch counters, boxes-
A ' y i" c cbf j/gLg^sT 110 "- D - Mc:
*4(K>— DELICATESSEN store; must be sold-
cause of selling hicknes*; this is really a
LOUXEY & CO., 14 Third Vt
M *^^ USln * S ; S: v machi i lery »n<l stock valued at
*2000; must be sold in 3 days; any rrlce-
ar-y terms. Address Chance, box 1237, Call!
OYSTER and chop house. 344 Third st; muit
a* aold on account of departure.
$10C — HELP start legitimate bis paying busi-
news by young college man: will see you in
pt-rson. Box lint). Call office. ¦ .....:¦-¦
ALL for $200— Branch bakery and delicacy
etore and furniture or 2 rooms; good loca-
tion; good business; rent $15. 395 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— An old established liquor busi-
ness; good location; large stock: owner re-
tiring; eagy terms. P. O. box 5. Frultvale.
A— SOXt: CANDY and Ice cream parlor Room
J^gfT Market St., bet. 12 and 11 o'clock^
TOR SALE— Agency of Call at Santa Cruz In-
<i"''g A. J3ODKMAN. Z5 Otis et. Santa Cruz.
ItOUTE in Creators Addition: building up dis-
trict; r«»«sonabif. Bor 17TC. Call.
. COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free— Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy.. x- 85. 31« Market Et: phone Bush 194.
CEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
t_tt successful. Rcum 310. 827 Market et
j • COTTAGES LET.
$70— ELEGANTLY furnished cottage; B rooms,
bath, basement, piano, phone, wood and
gas ranges; nice locality: must be seen to be
I appreciated. Box 1067. Call.
1. — — — —^— *
$14 — 5-room cottage on Cottage Row, nr. Bush,
. bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire 2111 % Bush et.
A GRADUATE specialist In each department:
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected lrom the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F. ;
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York "Dentists- Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres., 069 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
i ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty :gold
. crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; filllngs,50c;
plates, $5, full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . ' j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making fought; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD" sf SCHOOL bF^L^CTRicAirENGI^
NEERING^ — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1: Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S.' F. Business Col-
lege. 1236 Market st,
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, ' President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; ln-
dorsed by official court reporters.l3S2 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial ' College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, . 723 Market
st, for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship, $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Natllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Aleazar building, 120 O'Farrell 'st.
LADY pianist requires engagements; pupils
wanted for mandolin and piano. 2755 Bush.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeeper, $(i mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.deslres pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Actlng.120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping 1 , grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
VIOLIN. Mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
j HEALD'S Business College, 21 Post st.,«S. F.,
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
~~ EBIPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.BIack 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 62t Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st. ; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE^
STRONG Swedish woman. Rood' cook, hotel,
boarding-house or for a number of men; ref-
erences. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at
A WOMAN wishes to assist in light housework
In city; moderate wages; best refs. given and
required. Address with particulars, giving
directions as to car line, box 1235, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a woman with a child
6 years old as working housekeeper; no ob-
jections to across the bay. 1824 15th, rear.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by young
woman with girl 11 years old. Box 1216,
.Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes more work. 232 Hyde
st, room 8.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady
wishes a position as housekeeper in. widow-
er's family or small family. Address L. H.,
or call at 246 Third Ft., in the forenoon.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Euhscrlptlcns has been established at 1090
Valencia 6t. , -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE?"
SOBER young man wishes situation as chore-
man about private family to milk, care for
horses, drive and do inside work; have ref-
erences. Box 1239, Call. ,
GARDENER, thoroughly understands his pro-
fession; can milk a cow. and make himself
useful. Address Gardener, 30-32 Ellis st. .
YOUNG man, single, desires position as butler
and valet in small private family; wages $50;
Al New York references. Box 1218, Call. ••
CARPENTER wants work at repairing. Call
or address room 21, 737 Howard st.
POSITION in real estate or business office by
man of 22; reliable, energetic, experienced;
money no object to commence. Address
C. F.. 1414 Turk st. ¦
SOBER young man steady work in a
general blacksmith shop to learn trade; some
experience. Box 1225, Call. .
BARKEEPER wants situation; city or coun-
try; speaks German and French. Address
Barkeeper. 625 Clay st.
POSITION as cook wanted; a steady. Indus-
trious man wishes to cook for students or
camping party or on a ranch. Box 1189, Call.
WANTED — Painting and paper hanging: city
or country: at low figure. Box 1163, Call.
JAPANESE wants position as school boy In
email family. Address GEORGE TAHAHA-
SHI, 1329 Pine st.
COMPETENT Chinese cook wants situation;
is a good dishwasher; city or country. Ad-
dress JOE TEEP. 753 Clay st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch, of flee. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. . ¦-,
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
$2000 WANTED; safe Investment. For par-
ticulars address box 1211. Call.
FLATS TO LET. -——
NEW, elegant corner flat of 8 rooms and bath;
inlaid ttoors; electric lights free; rent reason-
able; NW. Page and Broderick. Apply G
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
NEW. elegant flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; everything up-to-date;. Nos. 1864-1860-
18C8 McAllister st., near Baker; rent is very
cheap. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
AN elegant upper flat, 6 sunny .rooms and
basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sta.; half block from Market
St.: 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth: very desirable
flat of 5 sunny rooms; just completed; modern
improvements; convenient to Twenty-fourth
and Castro st. cars; rent reasonable.
1422 GREEN, 6 r...$20;i355 Geary, 7 r...$37 50
1100 Page, 4 rm8..$l. r >|2U57 Jackson, 8 r....$35
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st '
FURNISHED upper flat 4 sunny rooms, bath,
porch, $22. 913 Va Capp st, near Twenty-
fcurth; no children.
4-ROOM upper flat, $10. 329 Harriet st, bet.
Sixth and Seventh, Brannan and Bryant; no
children. , - , ¦
SACRAMENTO, 3430 — Nice new upper flat,
6 rooms, bath and washroom; $25. MADISON
& BURKE.
MASONIC ave., bet Halght and Page — Sunny
- flat, 7 rooms; up-to-date; Just -completed.
Key at premises. • * :..- . ¦' x •
HAYES, ¦ 1751. near Park — Upper flat, 5 sunny
rooms, bath, $20; water free. "
HELr 'WANTED— MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY, 034-030 Clay St.
. I'hone Main 5S48. .- / '
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. "
- Oince open 7 a. va. J - *: . •"¦
5uw R. K. MEN. • :
UTAH ...... NEVADA ...... ARIZONA
FREE ¦ .' . . FREE ... .... FREE
UTAH STATE | NEVADA
2 carpenters to build concrete forms, fiee
fare >..... ..$375 day
Section foreman, - see boss here $75
ylOOO teamsters, $2 25; 1000 laborers, $2, $2 -5
Laborers, concrete work .... rockmen, drillers
WANTED AT
Utah, Salt Lake division, Reno, Vista. Wads-
worth. Cluro, Wells, Carlin, Fenelon, Clark,
Lucin, Rokeby, Prescott, Ariz.
• ..SANTA FE CO. WORK...
i»5 laborers, ballast gang free fare
20 teamsters, R. R. work. Arizona
'MECHANICAL
5 carpenters,- country, fare 90c... $3 50 day
2 carpenters on concrete forms, Nevada, free
fare. $3 75
4 carpenters, city, $3 50 day;' B box makers,
city; cut-off sawyer, planing mill, city,
sticker hand, city mill; 4 millwrights, $3 50
to $4 day; 2 carpenters, rough work, Neva-
da, fare returned, $00; 3 coopers; molders on
sash . welghtb. city; 12 blacksmiths, camps,
wagon shops, country shops and ranches,'
.sawmills, etc.; 0 blacksmith helpers; black-
smith helper, sawmill, $40 and fd.; harness
maker, ranch, south.
Get our daily list of jobs.
GOLD MINES SILVER
3 miners, gold mine, fare $2 50, $75; 4 min-
ers, good mine, Sonoma Co., $55 and fd. ; 2
miners, see boss here, $75; 6 miners, south,
fare. $4 50, $75; 5 laborers, gold mine, no ex-
perience, $60; 4 laborers, mine, south, fare
$3 50, $60; 6 laborers, mine, Sonoma Co.,
. $40 and .f d. ; furnace man, mine, $35 and f d. ;
27 laborers to work around mine, no exper-
ience required, $40 to $50 and fd;
List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m
WE PAY YOUR FARE
WOODS SAWMILLS YARD3
367 men to work In 52 different sawmills,
yards and woods, no, experience required,
you'll suit, wages $30 to $60 and found, fare
paid, shin to-day; section foreman, sawmill
Co.'s R. R., $75; 10 lumber pliers, fare $2 '50,
$40 and found; setter, sawmill, see boss here,
$3 day; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, etc.
. :.*. MISCELLANEOUS
Get Our Dally List ...
Gardener, country, see boss here, $30 and
found; choreman, private place, $25 and
found; 6 young men for planing mill, city;
coachman, near city, $35 and found; young
man,- drive . bakery wagon; 3 farmers and
wives; married teamster, Santa Clara Co.,
$45 and house; bdy, drive milk wagon:- 12
stablemen, city and country; 27 boys to learn
trades and work in factories, city; 763 labor-
ers for different work, city and country,
wages $2 to $2 50, $30 to $50 and found; 20
laborers, factory near city, $1 75 and $2 day;
147 men to work In hay and harvest fleids,
$1 25 to $2 50 day and found; 76 farm hands,
steady jobs, $25, $30, $35 and found; 64
teamsters, city and country, $2 to $2 25 day;
37 milkers, some fare paid, $30, $35 and $40
and found; cheese maker, $40 and found;
'cheese maker, factory; choremen and chore-
boys, ranches and private places
SPECIAL .7
Assayer, • gold mine, good pay to right man;
bookkeeper and stenographer, country, $40
.and found; foreman on section, R. R. of
, sawmill, see boss here
HOTELS, ETC
Camp cook, 15 men, $40 and found; 12 ranch
cooks; 15 cooks, hotels and' restaurants, $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found; second cook, mine,
$40; cook, country hotel, free fare, $60; 15
waiters, hotels and restaurants, $40 to $25
and found: 29 kitchen hands, dishwashers,
etc. ; old man to peel vegetables, country
hotel, fare paid; 4 butchers; 6 bakers, coun-
try shops and hotels; 4 third bakers; 6 second
- bakers; 2 bakers' helpers: laundryman. In-
stitution, city. $30 and found
• MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 429 Bush st,
Between Kearny st. and Grant ave..
Opposite California Hotel.
WE SHIP FREE
TO NEVADA AND UTAH. , -
2000 teamsters, laborers, rock men, concrete
men, machine men and muckers, wages $2,
$2 25, $2 50 and $3 a day.
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK. .
500 tunnel men, headers, drillers, muckers
and laborers. $2 to 3 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 429 Bush
.Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st. — Man to do
chores, wife to cook, private place, country,
$45; plain gardener, private place, south,
$30; stableman and milk cows, $30; barkeep-
er and do janitor's work, $45; lunch cook,
ealoon: broiler for grill room $60; second
cook, $C0; waiters for springs, $25 and $30;
French dishwasher, $35; elevator boy, $20;
washer for laundry, springs, $30, etc. ¦ ."
COOK, $00; helper, $30; Lake Tahoe; fares
paid.
MRS M. K. DAY .'. 335 Geary st.
COOK ; 9 no flour work ; • springs, $75.
MRS M,E. DAY...... 335 Geary st.
ASSISTANT waiter7$25;" bus boy, $25; assist-
ant pantry man, $20;. all same hotel; short
distance. .
MRS M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
A— FIRST-CLASS butler. $50. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12 ;
Pantryman, $35; bell boys. $17 50;3d cook. .$.«).
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writ?
English. For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Montgomery st, San
Francisco, or. Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — Trustworthy person in each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house;
bona fide weekly cash salary $1S paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses.
Manager, 379 Caxton bldg., Chicago..
WANTED— First-class machinist, who thor-
oughly understands all kinds of pumping
work and. erecting machinery; write, stat-
ing age. experience, present occupation and
wages required. Box 7S, San Mateo.
WANTED— A reliable young man with $125
cash for plain office work: will Day $65 per
month to a good man; short hours; permanent
place. Apply 1016 Market st, room 10.
WANTED— Experienced man for building and
loan association work; good salary if com-
petent. Address box 1236, Call office.
WANTED— A practical printer to take charge
¦ of manufacturing department in stationer's
store. Box 1217. Call office.
YOUNG man to. carry route on this paper
Call Sunday from 8 to 12 a. m., 13& Bar-
nard st.
MAN to collect salary; good chance for ad-
vancement. Call Saturday 8-12 on J. REIN-
DERS, first floor. Callaghan building.
BARBERS— Half Interest in good paying shop
In one of the best towns in country. DECK-
ELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis et.
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday at 428 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted. 30 East st. . :
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 394 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted: 10c shop. 322 Grant ave.
ELDERLY confectioner to assist in bakery.
Box 1221. Call" office. .
VARNISHER and polisher: flrst-class man
The FINK & SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market.
BUSHELMAN wanted Immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st.
PAPERHANGER, first-class man only
O'NEILL, 7 Spear st.
RELIABLE boy for printing office; state wages
and experience. • Box 1241, Call. , .
ERRAND boy: must make himself useful In
store. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st. I
PLUMBER'S helper wanted, also boy to learn
plumbing, at 3230 Eishteenth st.
BOOTBLACK— Good steady sober man; wages
$11 per week. Apply 44 O'Farrell st.
STRONG young man who can drive; $9 a week.
1042"Go!den Gate ave.
YOUNG man as an' all-around man In a res-
taurant. 465 Valencia st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply bef 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS'. 1
WANTED — In planing mill, good man on fl>-
tlngs and dressers. W. J. LITTLE CO., 560
Brannan st. ¦ \ : _
WANTED — An experienced miner as partner
in .gravel; willing to work for' his share.
Box 1222, Call.
EOLDERERS. boys and girls. Apply Amer-
- lean Can Co., factory Seventh and Townsend
sts., San Francisco. ,
. FIRST-CLASS carriage painter wanted; stat«
, wages; steady. job. Box 1231, Call.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; good- wage3.
: 1507' Broderick st:, near Sutter..- ~
WANTED-— -Young < man for liquor store, with
references. BROWNSTONE. 331 Ellis st.
WANTED— Honest man with $75: take cash.
S restaurant.-. $40 month. BROWN, 1221 Market.
2-CHAIR barber ¦ shop for sale. 1119 Folsom
, bet. 7th and 8th; 'rent $8; price $85. .'••
WAGON smith wanted at 31G Railroad ave.
1 South.
SWELL dressers, examine our. $35 to $75 misfit
eults for sale at. $16 to $25. 104 Second st
60 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers,' $2 and
. ¦ $2 25 per; day. Apply, 212 Ninth ¦, st.
600 PAIR new and - second-hand army shoes;
, ; size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY, 241 3d.The only noteworthy change in stocks yes
terday morning was a further decline In Con
tra Costa Water at $75@.?74 60. Business con
tinued verv dull. ¦ . .
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold
down to $17 CO.
The. Stock and Bond Exchange -will adjourn
at the close of the regular session to-day until
Saturday, July 6, at 10 :S0 a. m.^
It is stated that the dividends of tb« Union
Oil Company have been cut iovrn to about ?0o
per share, compared with $1 35 when tb« last
dividend was declared April 15. This caused
a decline of about 2 points In the stock in Los
Angeles. It Is said that the reason for th-s
cut in dividends is for the purpose of using
the money In making improvements.
The option held by the Petroleum Develop
ment Company on the lands of the Bakers-
Held Fuel and Oil Company has been takes
up acd a payment of $8000 has been made,. tJj*
balance of the $42,000 to be paid when tit*
scrippers are disposed of. .
The Bear Flag Oil Company has turned over
to the Associated Oil Companies ten acres oa
31-28-28 for $30,000 In stock and bonds.
Th« following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter A
Co.: Common stock, $23 62% @24; preferred,
$63 B0® 64 23; bond3, $91>i@94- subscriptions.
$101@102. " .; -.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 27—2 ». m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Aslc. i - Bid. Ask.
4s ar^coup..llO%lHH'ts qr cp(new)134 ! J4lsa^
4s qr res 109% 110% 3s qr coup... 107 10$
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ' : " "
Ala A W 5s. 01 Vj — Oak W G CS.104U —
Bay CPC 5s.lOS»ilO9i4 Oceanie S 09 07%100
C Cf G&E 5s.lO5VilO6& Omnibus 6a.. — 129
Cal-st 6s 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 98 —
C Costa 5s.. Ill 112 Pk & C H6s.l07%110
Ed L & P 6a.l23tt — . Pk * O R«s- — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — — .
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR Os. — 104
H C&S ofts.102 — SF & SJV5S.123 —
" Do 5« 97 — Sierra Cal 6s — 115
L Ang R 5a.U8U,119% S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lOSHi — (1909) 114% —
Do Ktd 6s. — — (1910) 113ft —
Do fftd 5s.l03«4 — S P of C 8s
L A & P 53.103% — (19C5)Sr A.107 —
Do lcm5s.l06% — (1905)Sr_B.107% —
Mkt-St G 6a.l27Vll28Vi (1906) 110 - —
DolcmSs. — — U912) 121 —
N R of C B3.112U — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121 122 c gntd Cs..l2O 123V4
N Pac C 5s.H0 — Do stmpd..H0 —
NCR 5s...ll2Umi& S P BrCal6s.t4T» 140-V
N S R R 5S.101V1102 s V Wat 6s.Ul%lll"4
Oak Gas 53.112&113U Do 4s 2dm.lO2 102%
5ak Trn 6S..125 — Do 4s 3dm. — 102*i
Do 1st c5s. 113^115 Stkn G&E tislOOftlOl'.i
I WATER STOCKS. S
Contra Costa 74 — iPort Costa.. 63VS 66
Marin C» 00 — 'Spring Val.. 89 60
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cnt L & P. 3% 4 Pac L Co 48>-i 60
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sac E G&R. 39% —
Mutual E L. 4 — 3FG&E..42 42^4
O G L & H. 61% — S F G L Co. 5% 5£
Pac G Imp. 35 — . Stkn G&E. & . — .
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 2S0 /
BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — First Natlonl — ¦ —
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 LP&A 166 —
Bank of Cal.447% — ! Mer Ex (Hq) 27- '¦ ¦
Cal Safe Dp.124% r— S F Natlonl. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2015 — Sav Sc Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. 330 400
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1530 — •'
S F Sav U..535 —
STREET RAILROADS. ,
California ..172%.— (Market 89%101 .
Geary — — IPresidio . ... 38 — •
. . POWDER.
Giant 69 — >Vlgorit ..... $H Z\
SUGAR.
Hana ... 3% — Kilauea .... — tO •
Hawaiian .. — — Makawell .. 22% 23 %
Honokaa . . . 10# 11 Onomea .... 23% — \
Hutchlnson. . 12 13 Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158 159% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 98 102 Pac C Bone 165, — .i
Cal Wine As. — 100i; Par Paint ..25 — ,
Oceanic a Co 17% 22% .-.
. • Session. ,
10 Contra Costa Water 75 00 '
10 Contra Costa Water, cash.. 74 50
10 Makaweli .' 23 00
SO S F Gas & Electric Co... .'43 00
$7000 Bay Counties Power Co Gs......lC8 73 .
Afternoon Session.'
¦ Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 60 00 i
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 17 50
20 S F-Gas & Electric Co 42 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 25
$2000 Market-st R R con 5a bonds.... 120 .75
Street —
$1000 -S P Branch Ry 6s bonds 140 M \
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ,J
Morning Session.
100 Sterling 1 43 ¦
1000 Independent 00
500 Reed .....y.s. 31
- Afternoon Session.
- 'Board — - - ¦¦ :.".:•,.•
400 Sterling, s 90 1 42ft
50 Home Oil 3 30
600 Junction ">... '. ' 20
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales yesterday . la
the San Francisco' Stock and Exchange Board:
Mornlnsr Session.
BOO Andes ..... 06 300 Ophir .....130
300 Best & Bel, ' 12 100 Ophir .....135
100 Caledonia ..95 100 Union Con.. 21
300 Caledonia .. 94 400 Tel Jacket. 15
300 Challenge .. 15 . >
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Bel. 12 I 300 Ophir 1 3O
100 Caledonia .. 88 I 100 Overman .. 29
60 C C & Va...l 35 I 500 Sierra Nev. 28
400 Mexican 48 I 200 Union Con.. 20
The following were the sales yesterday la
the Pacific Stock. Exchange:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Bel. 12 loo Ophir ".1 3354
200 Caledonia .; 83 300 Ophir ,180
200 Caledonia .. 80 800 Overman ..S3
300 Challnge Cn 15 300 Overman . . 81
30O C C & Va..l 40' 20O Potosl 20
300 Crwn Point. 04 1000 Potosi 21
30O Gould & C. 06 200 Silver Hill. 4O
100 Mexican ... 49 20O Union Con. . 21
200 Mexican "48
Afternoon Session. -
300 Best & Bel. 12 80O Mexican ... 4S
' 300 Caledonia .. 87 500 Ophir 1 2714
200 Caledonia .. 88 300 Onhlr .....132t£
200 C C & Va..l 37% 200 Silver H11L. 4S
2oo Hale £ Nor .36. .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• FJUDAY, June 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. As*.-
Alpha — OS' Justice ...... 07 OH
Alta 05 07 Kentuck ..... 01* 02
Andes 05 08 Lady Washtn. — 01
Belcher ...... 12. 13i Mexican 49 5(>
Best & Belch. 12 13 ! Occidental. ... 12 14
Bullion .. 02 03 Ophir .1 3o 1 35
. Caledonia .-. . . 87 8» Overman .... 29 SO
Challenge Con 13 15 Potosl ...:... 18 20
Chollar ' 08 00 Savage 07 p8
Confidence... 52 37 ; Scorpion ..... — 04
C Q & Va... .1 35 1 40 teg Belcher..'. 04 (M
Con Imperial.. — 01 'Sierra Nevada 25 20
Con N York.. —-02 Silver Hill.:. 48 .&»
Crown Point..: 03 04 St. Louis. — 0<i
Kureka Con. . 18 — Syndicate 1 07
Exchequer-.. — 01 1 Union Con.... 21-23
Gould AC... 06 07 ; Utah 00 07
Hale & Nor.. 35 !S j Yellow Jackst IS li
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
13
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
The Leading Heal Estate Firm.
Sensational offer in Reat Estate for oco weeK.
Astonishing values offered. Be Fure
"" and Purchase.
200x150. on best street in Alameda; sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This is a genuine offer; cost ¥30 per
foot; compelled to cell and will be sacrificed;
will tell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
- . 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
lot.
$1000— HOLSE No. 917 Central ave.. near En-
cinal station, narrow gauge, 4 rooms and
basement: lot 25x148; key at No. 015; terms,
?100 down. $15 monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY,
322 Montgomery St.. S. F. .-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fin<s cemented Lasement and large at-
tic; completed one yar ago; lot 70x160; fine
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electric lights; any one want-
ing a thoroughly good houEe can get a bar-
" gain in this, JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3750— A WELL-BUILT house, of 7 rooms (I
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot COx
157; very convenient ' to electric cars and
eUtlon. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
LOT. cor. King and Prince sts.. 80x120; cheap.
Call at 5<Hf Castro st., S. F.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDQCK. M4 Pints
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1 1 18 BROADWAY. •
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATO,
FOR SALE.
S3UO0, mortgage $1000. two-ptpry cottage, nine
rooms, bath, laundry; easily changed to two
tenements; shop; pleasant grounds; near
sehool. churches, cars; guod neighborhood;
lot 64x125; north side strt-et. Inquire at
premises. 3»522 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRSlTlJBE^FOft^^ALE.
j FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
j SCHELLHAAS, 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
| ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! A CUIET aid pleasant home -for housekeeping;
! suite cf furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
\ ' sruna ets.
j CLAY, 1446 — 3 connecting rooms, completely
furn; hkj;g. ; gas range; bath; select locality.
j HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison — 2 or H
pleasant sunny convenient rms. ; reas.; ref.
HYDE, 412 — Sunny front basement suite; coal
or gas stove; yard, laundry; also Iront al-
cove suite.
HYDE, 1026-^Two sunny, partly furnished
' rooms and cas; housekeeping; $10.
MINNA. 281, corner 4th^-Furnished housekeep-
ing, very cheap and convenient.
MISSION, 125114 — Sunny corner house; house-
keerinir rooms reasonable.
MODEL house, newly furnished, 1206 Stockton;
free gas. housekeeping rooms ?5 to $10;
tunny; bath.
POWELL". 415%— 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping, in rear. .
SEVENTH. 178— Sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; every convenience; bath; large yd.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. » '
KOOMS TO LET Knrn. and tnfnra.
runny; 73e day; upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ANGELUS — New brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished sunny rooms and suite.-?; marine
view. 530 Stockton st.. bet. Bush and Pine.
AT "The Almonte," 87:J Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth Et.): rooms 25c, 50c, $1. *1 50 night.
!f] iu to 710 i>er week; house open all night.
BERNICi:, t!5. bet. 12th & 13th, nr. Harrison.
Nicely furn. rm. for couple or 2 men; single.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1220 — Nice room, private family; par-
lor floor, with use of front room; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly !
furnished sunny rooms} prices reasonable,
EDDY. 210 — Double and single rooms to let
from $6 up; transient solicited.
EDDY. 316 — Swell sunny front suite; suitable
/for refined couple; piano; every convenience.
EIGHTH. '22SV6— Nice sunny room in private
laniily, suitable for two.
ELLIS 321 (Morart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c! I
$15o night; $1 50. 16 week; open all night- j
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to :
$1 50 night; $1 75 to ?5 week; reading room. '
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single front
room. SI 23; room fcr 2, $1 50 per week. i
Q'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo?
POWELL, 932. near Clay— Newly furnished
front suite; private family; free bath, phone.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to fS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth, nepr
Market — For rei-'iXctable ladles & gentlemen.
TURK, 21C;^Eunny front room for gentleman,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
_ subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel. 452 Ellis— This new. strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20: rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator: private
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor,
HOTJSL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
c-jmijlcted. will be ready for guests July 1;
rtrict!y modern house,- first-class In all its ap-
ocintnients: can be inspected now; will be
conducted In strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 6C5 Poet st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenion Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
A SUNN IT suite, with or without board; also
E!ngle rooms. The Lake, 26S Turk st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites of single; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 519^Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED.
SINGLE gentleman visiting city wishes room
and board in private family. Box 1212. Call.
- SPECIAL SOTICBS.
THE following children have been received at
the S. F. N;ursery for Homeless Children
since Jan. 1. 1902: Thomas O. Merritt, half-
¦ orphan. 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half-
orphan, Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphan,
twins, tt years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-
orphrn, 6 years of age. . V ,
FREE trial treatment cure for"~3y8pepsta and
constipation: more like a miracle than medi-
cine; send stamp. REUNER GOULET, Sac-
ramento. Cal. ' * %
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country, PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
gEWIXG MACHINES Aarp SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest Improved $75
tawing machine for $lfi 6G. 145 Sixth st.,
phone Howard 3264. - .
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXP^ WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE RODOLPH Stora eelklSoviB^Co^cl'
flee Poet and Powell >U.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 071.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. K, W. Zehfusa.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tol. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com?
puny. 2320 Flllmure St.; phone Jackson 281.
~~ TO LET.
f 75^MA RKETVSt! location ; floor 45x120. H.
A. 6MITH. 25 Market st.
>45-^MARKET-ST. location; floor 45x60. H.
A. SMITH. 25 Market sL
TYPEA^TiiiTBRS ANDJjilJPPXIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money, than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewritsr
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HANI) typewriters' sold, rented, repaired.
. AVebster Typewriter Inspec. Co. ,209 Sansome.
TJ^^VjfUTIK^^JinMEOailAPHIAG.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies. 2c; mim-
eographing. 927 Markt. rm.305 ; Howard 1539.
. DIVIDEND NOTICES,
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Luan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and
Jones sts., San Franci6co. June 27, 1902.— At
a regular meeting of the board pf directors
of this society, held this day, a dividend has
bten declared at the rate of three and one
eighth 13%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending June- 30.
1902, free from all taxes and payable on and
after July 1, 1902^ ¦
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter — The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30, 1902, at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3&) Per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July l
1902. Dividends not called for are added to
V and bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1. 1902. CV-
RUS AV. CARMANY, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
cy, corner of California and Montgomery sts.'
— For the six months ending June 30. -1902,
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate of
8 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1, 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July 1, 1902. i,
DALZELL BROWN.- Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Ca»-
fornia «t., cor. of Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and fprty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent op term deposits, and
' three. (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 1902. LOA r ELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings. Bank of
»;an Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1002, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, July 1, 1902.
' GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 523
California Et.— For the half year ending with
June 30, 1902. a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable On and
after Tuesday, July 1. 1902. GEORGE
TOURNY. Secretary.
CONTINENTAL Building and Loan Associa-
tion, No. 301 California st., for the year end- ¦
ing June 30, 1902, has declared a dividend
of 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent :
on term deposits' and 8 per cent on install-
| ment stock. WM. CORBIN. Secretary and
C e neral manager.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on ita de-
posjts, payable (m and after July 1, 1902.
ERfeEST BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS,
PURSUANT te an order ofl-he~Ctaincery~DW
vislpn of the High Court of Justice, mad» on
the 15th day of July; 1901, in the matter
of the trusts of the settlement, dated the
3d day of August, 1843, and made between
JOSEPH HITCH of the first part, HENRY
RAMSAY and THOMAS A'ESPER, the
younger, of the second part, and THOMAS
ALSTON and Mary, his wife, pf the third
. part; and in an action between THOMAS
HITCH, plaintiff, and JOSEPH THOMAS
HITCH. FREDERICK HITCH and SARAH
* MARGARET HITCH, spinster, defendants,
1K)9. H. 218, it was ordered that an inquiry
be made who would" have been the persons
entitled under the Statutes pf Distribution
to the personal estate of the settlor, JOSEPH
HITCH, In ease he had died immediately
befpre the death of THOMAS ALSTON,
who survived MARY ALSTON and died on
the 7th day of December, 1897, and whether
any of them are since dead, find, if so, who
are their legal personal representatives. Now
the persons claiming to be entitled as' rext-
of-kin, according to the statutes for the
distribution of intestates estates of the said
JOSEPH HITCH, formerly of Poplar, but
i late of No. 3 Pensons place, Llmehouse, in
the pounty of Middlesex AVheelwrlght, who
died on the 8th day of January. 1850, If he
had died immediately before the 7th of De-
cember. 1897 (the day of the death of the
said THOMAS ALSTON), or to be the legal
personal representatives of such per-
sons if now dead, are by their solici-
tors, on or before the 31st day . of
October, 1902, to come in and prove
their claims at the chambers ot MR. JUS-
SIS? PARAVELL and MR. JUSTICE SWIN-
# FEN EADY, at the Royal Courts pf Justice,
Strand, London, or' in default thereof they
w;il be peremptorily excluded from the bene-
fit of the said order. The 4th day of No-
vember, 1902, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon
at the said chambers, is appointed for hear-
ing and adjudicating/ upon the claims.
Dated this 9th day of June, 1902. E AV
AVALKER, Master. BAKER & NAIRNe!
3 Crosby Square, London, England, Sollci-
tors for the Plaintiff. / "
_^^ JfUOroSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Offlce
. of Purchasing Commissary, San il?rancisco
Cal., June 10, 1902— Sealed proposals . f or fur-
nishing ana delivering of euch quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses In San Francisco Cal
as per circular to be seen at this office, wiii
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tues-
day. July 1. 1902, and opened immediately
thereafter in Dresence of bidders. . Specifica-
tions, ' general- instruction to bidders and
blank form of proposal will be furnished to
established dealers on application- to AV. H
BALDWIN, Major, Commissary, U." S*
Army, Purchasing Commissary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marftage licenses were issued
yesterday: •
Adolph W. Lindemann, 21, Alameda and
Catherine T. O'Dea, 17, 4:J8V4 Jessie street
James H. Levy, 21, Oakland, and Louise H.
Konrad, 21, city.
Gustav Kuehne, 27, 155% Natoma street and
I Wilhelmlne Schmidt, IS,' 153 Natpma street
Emll W. Haebom, 32, 1076 Bush street, and
Nellie AV. Johanson, 30, 1021 De Haro street.
Joseph C. Hampton, 23, Berkeley, and Mabei
B. Showart, 21, 1727 McAllister street.
Harry S. Jayne, 24, 240 Stockton street, and
Susie J. Tatlock, 21, Salt Lake City.
Anthony O. Gallagher, 25, city, and Annie
McHujrh, 22, city.
AVilhelm Greenspan, 29, city! and Nettie
Rlchter, 27, city.
Franklin J. Moore, 33, Berkeley, and Lucia
E. Batuon. 34, Chicago.
John F. Sehleth, 21, 214 Moulton avenue,
and Lettltia M. Gallagher, 21, 214 Moulton ave.'
Charles Cervleres, 21. 961 Mission street,
and Ellee Peoln, 20. 1059 Powell street. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sant by
mall will not. be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DANA — In this city, June 26, 1902, to the Wife
of A. H. Dapa, a son.
GUTHRIE^-In this city, June 25, 1902. to the
wife of Rev. W. K. Guthrle, a daughter.
ntVIN — In Tomales, Jtme 19, 1902, to the wife
of James Irvln (nee Griffin), a daughter.
KAYSER — In this city, Juna 14.' 1902, to the
wife of Charles Kayser, a son.
MARRIED. ~~ ~
GOLL — KEYES— .In this city. June 27, }902
by the Rev, Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Albert
Evans Goll of Reno, Nev., and Mae Stick-
ney Kcyes of Loyalton, Sierra County, Cal
BCHOLZ— STAPPENBECK — June 26, 1902
August J. Kcholz and Emma B. Stappenbeck,
both of San Francisco.
USCHOLD— GEHRKENS— In this city, June
24, 11*03, by the Rev. AV. E. Smith, Georga
L. Uschold and Emma J. Gehrkens, both of
San Francisco. . . ,
DIED
Altozano, Alice McCrum. Hush ¦
Barker, Henry R. McDermott, Edward
Beck. Nicolay Moore, Everead S.
Broder. Gustav Naylor, Mary C.
Burke, Richard O'Leary, John D.'
Coonradt,' Florence Ratto. Maria
Daly. James H. . Russell, Thoma* S.
Eayrs. George A. Strehl, Mary :
Ged.e, Ellen ' Htrohl, Godfrey
, Hobbs, J. K. C. Sturtevant. Oren B.
Holland, Harry G. Tallant. John D. '•
Hunter, Jamea Tobln, Sarah
Jallu, Francois ¦ Walsh, William
Krarpm, Henry F. White, Samuel M. K.
McConnell, Abigail AVilllams. David L.
McCormick, Honora Wilson, Leo A..
ALTOZANO— In this city, June 25, 1902
Alice Altozano, dearly beloved mother of
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONlM.
Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ave.; tele-
phone South 934.
Oakland office — 1004. Broadway; telephone
Clay 701.
Wain office at cemetery, Point Lobos ave.,
San Francisco; telephone West 898.
Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of age, i f 25; children- under 15 years of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.-.
GEO. PENLINGTON, Sec i ¦: -••¦»".:
t Rounds. (contractors).. Maxwell G. Bugbee ar-
' chitect— All work except plumbing, paintln?,
I brick work,' shades and 'gas fixtures for a ten-
I fla{ frame building on N line of Lombard
street, 32:6 AV of Broderick. AV 80, N 137:6, B
23. S 57:6. E 55. S 80; fSSOO.
AV. P. and Clara V. Spencer (owners) wltM
Thomas AVilson and Hugh Williamson (con-
tractors), architect T. AVilson — All alteration*
and additions to make a three-story frame
building (three flats) on SE corner of Brod-
erick and Jackson streets E 27:6 by S 100;
$4790.
Mary Atzeroth (owner) with Edward Cox
(contractor), architect — : '. AH work for a
two-story frame building (flats) on S line of
McAllister street. .187 E of First avenue. S
137:6 by E 25; $300©.
F. H. Irvine (owner) with James Magnirs
and Charles E. Miller (contractors), architect
Charles Haynes — All work for a three-story and
attic frame building (three fiats) on S line of
Oak street, 104:5 E of Central avenue. 25 by
110; $7920.
Theresa A.- Oelrlchs ami Virginia VanderbiK
(owners) with Charles Stockholm (contractor).
architects , Reid Bros. — Carpentry work for
block of anartments on SE corner block 248.
60 vara survey, thence N along Jones -street
137:6 by AA 1 116:3; $33,533.
Same owners with S. Gllettl (contractor),
architects same— Exterior stone, wire lathing,
cement" and marble work for same on same;
$3288. " '
Same owners with Duffey Bros, (contractors),
architects same— Plumbins and gasflttlny for
came on same; $5050.
Same' owners with "Will & Finck Co. (con-
tractors). arehitact3 same — Electrical work for
same on same; $1S9O.
Caroline Wenderoth (owner) with G. R. El-
dps (contractor), architect . All work
for a two-story and basement frame building
(two flats) on N line cf Geary street. 175 AV of
Lyon. W 25 by N 100; $4615.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. (owners), with Fen-
nell Bros, (contractors), architect Clarence R.
AVard-r-All work for a four-story and basement
jbrick. building on S line of Martin street. 07 :tt
E of Grant avenua, E 40 by 3 60; $20,373.
James A. and Virginia A. Waymire to Lovell
Whits^All of block 29, map lan<f» adjacent to
EnclnaT>qultclalm deed. Alameda; $10.
F.' A. AA'oodward to David Mitchell, lot 11
block ftO. and lot 23, block 25, Kellersberger's
Map. quitclaim deed, Oakland; $10.
Sarah T. Roller! (single) to Frances and
Helen Fearnslfie (single), lot on" S line of
Locust (or Twenty-third) street, 75 AV of Val-
ley. W 50 by S 87. block 10, Map Pacific Home-
stead, Oakland; $10. - -
,
.- Builders' Contracts. * w;
Henry E. Bothln (owner) with Newson &
McNeil (contractors). F. S. Van Trees archi-
tect—All work except tinning of light wells for
a throe-story frame building (store and flats)
on PE corner of Polk and Green streets. S 150
by E 72: $31,000.
Mary II. M. de Domlnguez,- Frances J. le
Gonldec. Daniel T. and Eugene B. Murphy.
Charles Murphy (minor). Marie B. Knight antj
Anita Twolseley (owners) with Re'.nhold Stone
(contractor)." architects Reid Bros. — All work
for remodeling of first story and basement and
entrance to. upper floors ¦ of 'five-story brick
building on. Junction of Market, McAllister and
Jones streets; $4000. . . .
George P. &nd Alice E. Dorgan (owners) with
F. A; Blftnchard (contractor), architect Charle3
Haynes — AH work except plumbing, finish hard-
ware, mantels, gas fixtures ond mason work
for. a two-story frame structure on W line of
Minna street, 2Q0 S of Fourteenth 30 on Minna,
by 85: $3300.. :J ¦'. > . .-,
C. F. Bauer (owner) with Bletch & Lansing
(contractors), architect Phlllpp Schverdt
Grading foundations, carpenter work, glazing
and plastering for alterations and additions to a
three-story, frame building (store and ro<5mlng-
house) on S lino of Mission street 375 NE'of
Eighth. NE 25 by SE SO; $4000. .* .
'¦' Frank S.. Kelly (owner) with Chesney &
Dumford (contractors). -William. Mposer archi-
tect — All alterations and additions except sew-
ering, gasfltting and plumbing for two addl-
tiona! stories on a two-story frame building on
NAV corner of Post and Larkin streets N 05
by AV 35;- $9307. «. ' .
Samo owner with H..N." Westphal (contrac-
tor), architect" same— Sewering.^ gasflttihg and
plumbing for alterations and additions for sama
on same; $1295. .. - ; .-.' ....
Lucius L. Solomons - (owner) with ilacy &
Peterson and AValter G Schouten. lot on AV line
of Tenth avenue, JOQ N pf L street, N 100 by
E 120; $io: .
Barbara and John Knell to Jacob Heyman
Company, lot on E line of Forty-seventh ave-
eue. 100 N of L street. N 100 by,E 120; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to John E. Miller,
lot on N corner of Tp street ar.if Sixteenth ave-
nue. NAV 20.1. NE 49.32. SW 4i.iS>, block 314.
South San Francisco Homestead, quitclaim
deed; *5. ,
Mary A. Barber to Thomas A. Gilbert. " lot
on SE line of Athens street, 25 NE of China
avenue. NE 25 by.SE 100, block 71, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. ...
• j FRIDAY. JUNE 27.
Maitha Wood Coughlan (formerly Martha
Wood) to Abble R. AVood and, Martha Wood
Coughlan, formerly Martha Wood (executrlcea
of the estate pf Joseph M. Wood), lot on S line
of Union street, 195:6 W of Gough. W 25 by S
JL37:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Joseph M. AVood (by Abbie Rose
Wood and Martha Wood Coughlan, executricea)
to Andrew F. Magrane, same; $1600.
Ludwlg J. A. and Bertha E. Micbelsen to
William M. Pierson, lot on N line of Union
Btreet_59:tS^ E of Octavia, E 25 by N 85; $10.
Jane A. Brickwedel to William Costello, lot
on S line, of Grove street, 122:0 AV of Ftllmore,
AV 15 by S 107:6; $10. -
Thomas Rychold to P. J. Land, Jot on SAV
corner of O'Farrell and Beideman streets, W
60 by S 45; $10.
Ruby and George A. Morrill to Ella I. Varney
(wife of Thomas H. B. Varney), lot on E line
of Ashbury street, 160 S. of Frederick, S 30 by
E 106:3; $10, /
Edward P. Danforth to Jeanle L. Danforth,
lot on S line of Washington street, 87:6 E of
Laurel, E 28 by S 1,025s }i I gift.
Commercial Insurance. Company of California
to Antonio Leonetti, undivided 49-50 of lot on
NE corner of Harrison and Twenty-fifth streets,
N 104 by E 50; $2450,
Charles A. and Henrietta E. Laton to same,
undivided 1-50 of same; $10.
i. Henry O. Ramsay to -Catherine Ramsey, lot
; on'S line or Day street. 205 E of Sanchez, E
25 by S 114; $10.
Louia Metzger (single) to Clayton B. Wilson,
lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street, 203:7 W of
Sanchez, W 101:10 by S 114; $10.
G. W. and Julia E. Strtne to John D. Mor-
toh. lot on N line of Elisabeth street, I7d:8 W
of Diamond, W 129:2 by N 114; $10.
Josephine B. Labatent and Adde I*. B. L.
Valentine (wife - of Antone) and MarieU. L.
MUU (wife of Charles Jr.) to Edward J. Le
Breton, lot on N line of Pacific street, 129:10 E
of Dupont, E 20 by N 137:6; $10.
George P. and Nellie S. Allen' to Jakob B.
Frandsen, lot on E line of Jonea, 104:6 S of
Bush. S 33 by E 60; $10.
George F. Lyon to Robert H. Morgan, lot on
W line of Mississippi street, 250 N of Twenty-
fifth, N 25 by AV 100; $10.
Carey M. Rines to Frank. W. Sawyer, lot on
SE line of Arlington street. 8S NE of Roanoke.
NE 25 by SE 105, block 8, Fairmount; also lot
on NE line of Arlington street, 163 NE of Roa-
noke, NE 12:0 by SE 146. same; $10.
Jenny Dutrit, Debrit or Fargo to Eliza J.
Fish. • Fannie Fargo, Rose, Lulu Fargo Bone-
stell, Harry, Dudley and George K. Fish, es-
tate of Calvin F. Farso, No. 22,896, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Alameda County.
Joseph A. Furtado (single) to George Sterling
lot on. W line of Montgomery street, 170 8
of Howard, S 105, W 87:10. N 107.59, B
U6:9ii. lots 47 to 49. block 10, map resub-
division blocks 10 and 11, Howe Tract; also
lot on N corner of Montgomery and John
streets, I NE 75, NW 125, NE 35. NW 125 to
SE line of Summit street, SW alone said last
line to Its intersection with NE line of John
! street, SE to beginning. Map Thermal Hill
Tract (formerly Howp Tract), Oakland; $10.
• Moses P. and Frances V. Brown to Alexander
McKay, lot pn 8E corner of West and Thir-
teenth streets. E 100 by S 40, block 181, Kel-
i lersberger's Map, subject to xriortgage, Oak-
land; $10. I
Baldwin Investment Company, (a corporation)
to Taral T. Frlckstad. all interest in lot en
: S line of Merrimac street, 620 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 40 by S 69.60, lot 31. Map Austin
Park, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Frank W. Pynchon (single) tQ. Julia E.
Towne, all interest In lot on S line of Mariposa
street, 408.84 2-3 E of. Grove, E "33:4 by S
133.95. being E 33:4 of lot 15, block 4, Map
McKee Tract, in plat 46, V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, resubdivision of portion • ot Paradise
Park, Oakland; $10.. ¦
Eben McMillan to Mary Bell McMillan lot
20, block E, Map No. 2, Linda Vista. Terrace,
Oakland; gift.
A. H. Duncombe (single) to James 8. Nal-
smlth, lot on W corner of Fourth avenue and
East Eighteenth street, SW 100.08, NW 40,
NE 108 to SW line of East Eighteenth. SE to
beginning, lot 1 and portion lot 2, Amended
Map of James' subdivision of portion block 10.
Clinton, subject to mortgage. East Oakland;
$10.
L. D. West to R. R." and Ada A. Patterson
(wife), lot on SE corner of Haste and Dana
streets, S 46:8 by E 150. block 6, Map Property
College Homestead Association, Berkeley; $1.
Alice M. Swain to same, all Interest in same,
quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $1.
Flora Halnes Loughead to David Jacks, lots
133 and 135, map sale map of Temescal Park,
Oakland; ?10.
A. T. and Mary Hatch. Frank Dal ton (as-
signee of A. T. Hatch, Insolvent) and Sher-
man, Clay & Co. (a . corporation) by J. B.
Lanktree (commissioner) to George A. New-
ball, lot on SW corner of Clark. and Williams
streets, AV 300 by S 300, Oakland; also lot on
S line of Harlan street, 152.14 AV of Watkins,
W 110 by S 150, lots 5, 6, 11; 12, 5S and 50.
map Hemme Tract, San Leandro, Eden Town-
ship; $4000.
A. F. and Maybelle H. Cornwall to H. T>.
Brown, lot on Fourth- avenue, 70x123, being
lot 6. block C, map : Peralta Heights, East
(wife), lot on SE corner- of Haste and Dana
Oakland, except strip on Fourth avenue dedi-
cated to widening same; $10.
Edmund and Mrs. D. L. Jacobs to Rudolph
Jaeger, lot on E line of Chestnut street, 92 S
i of Lincoln. S 46 by E 106, lot 10. block A,
map J. H. Smith's subdivision of portion of
Curtis Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles RcsenburK (single) to Edmund Ja-
cobs, same, Berkeley: $10.
Louis F. and Lydia Monteagle (wife) to
Maggie Semman, lots 47 and 48. block E, map
Melrose Station Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10. . v
Edward P. Flint- (widower) to James \J.
Crawford, lot on W corner of Stanley place
and AValsworth avenue, NW 00.95, SW 30.
SE 100. NE 37:7, block D. map resubdivision
blocks C and D, Flint Tract (recorded June
• 24, 1902), Oakland; $10.
Same to B. S. Tower, lot on SE line of Fair-
mount avenue, 150.27 NE of Pearl street, NE
50.07. SE 119.37. SW 50, NW 116.47, lot '4.
block D, map resubdivision blocks C and D,
Flint Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mrs. Sarah (or Sarah) Seal (widow) to Henr;-
and Jeanie D. East twife). lot on NE line of
Hamilton street. £20.95 NW of Oakland avenue.
NAV 60 by NE 90\ lots 12 and 13, Map Hamil-
ton Tract; also lkt on SW line of Hamilton
place. 165.35 NW. of Oakland avenue, NW 45
by SAV 90, lot 31. and NE half of lot 30. same
map. Oakland; also one and a half acres be-
ginning on AV line of Telegraph . avenue at In-
tersection by center line of Webster avenue.
SW 160:8% to NE corner of lands conveyed
to Walter P.'Woolsey, 3C9.D. 120. SE 156:10.
E 117:0%. N 162:9%. portion plat 81, Kellers-
berger's Map Ranchos V. and D. Peralta (ex-
cept portion within limits of. Webster avenue),
subject to mortgage, Berkeley; $10.
Lucinda Babbitt (widow) and • May B. Gil-
pin (wife of Z. T.) to Hattie B. Owen (wife of
E. AV.), lota 3. 5, 7,. 8 to 17. block ¦ P.- Iota
5, 7, 9, 11, 13 to 16, block E. Amended Map
Salinger Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Union Savings Bank to George Sterling, lot
on NE corner of Columbus and Second avenues
E 164.85. N 150, Er CO, S 150. E 209:4 N
449:6. AV 486:1. S 432, part lot 3.. map part
plat 13. lots 3 and 28. Oakland: $10. .
Chloe 'E. Derickson (widow) to Edward D.
Harmon, lot on N line of Harmon street, as
opened through to Adeline street, 80 E from
E line of Regent-street Homestead," E 40 by
N 141. block 2. Map Property A. B. Dlxon;
also lot on NW corner of Falrvlew and Har-
per streets. N 100 by W 60, block 4. same
map. Berkeley; $10.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to Chloe E.
Dcrickeon (widow), lot onS line of Harmon
street, 150 E of Calais. E 45 by S 135. being
AV 45, lot 13, block A. Map Southern Portion
Harmon Tract, first parties agree to pay off
mortgage. Berkeley; $10. ¦ ¦ "•.?*-_
1 San Francisco Savings Union to Carrie S
Richardson (single), lot on S line of . Clinton
avenue. 108 E of Lafayette street, E 54 by S
137:6, block 18, Amended Map Bartlett Tract
Alameda; $10.
' Mrs. M. San Pedr6 and Mrs. R. M. Aguirre,
a native of Dundalli, < Ireland, aged 82 years.
i ' (C^Frlends and acquaintances are' respect'
; fully Invited to attend the funeral' Saturday,
June 28, at 8:30 o'clock, .froni her late resi-
dence, 2060 Taylor street, thence, to the Span-'
i.°h Church of. Nuestra.Senora de Guadalupe,
Broadway and Masonj.street, where a re-
quiem mass wijl be celebrated for the repose
of her "soul," commencing' at 0 o'clock, In-
terment Holy Crcea Cemetery. : '.<
BARKER — Inlthis city, Juije 27. 1902, Henry
R., beloved husband of Virginia H. Barker,
father of Albert F. . Barter, and brother of
Frank Barker, a native of. Cambridge, Mass.,
. aged 73 years 4 months' and 27 days. .
BECK— At Ansel Island, June 26, 1902, Nico-
lay Beck| . a ¦ native of Denmark, aged 43
years..' A member "of the Brickhandlers' Pro-
tective and Benevolent Union of California.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from- the parlors of
m the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. • Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. J
BRODEK — In this city, June 26, 1902, Gustav,
beloved husband of Sarah. Brodek. father of
Mrs. AV. Kllnger; • Dr.. Henry Brodek of Ma-
nila, Mrs. A. T. Barnett and Isidor Brodek,
and brother of Mrs. R. Harris and Samuel
and R. T.- Brodek, a native of Prussia, aged
. 66 years 6 months and 9 days. ' .
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at' 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 504 Steiher street. Intermert
Httls of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BURKE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 27, 1902, Richard Burke, a native of
Ireland, aged 41 years.
COONRADT— In Oakland. June 26, 1902, Flor-
ence A., wife of I. A. Coonradt, and jmother
Of Pearl, Lester, Ruby, George, Francis,
Ralph, Ernest, Herbert and Helen Coonradt,
, aged 42 years. % ¦
DALY-rln this city,' June 27, 1902, James H.
Daly, beloved father of Emma Margerette
Daly, and brother of Mrs.,C. W. Reed and
John B. Daly, a native of New York City,
3»ed 52 years. - •
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-jnorrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy' street, thence to Third and
Tpwnsehd streets for 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment. Mount Olivet Cemetery. Members. of
San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E., and
Knights' of the Royal Arch are requested to
attend. Remains at the funera.1 oarlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy* street.
SAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. B, F. Q. E.—
The officers and members are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
, James H. Daly, Sunday, June 29, 1902, at 9
o'clock, from B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street. By order, of the Aerie.
CHARLES G. NAGLE, W. President.
GUS POHLMANN, AV. Secretary. '
EAYRS — In this city, June 26, 1902, • George
Alfred Eayrs, dearly beloved - husband of
Mary Eayrs, father of Raymond, George,
Oliver and May Eayrs, son-in-law of T.
Scully, and brother of Mrs. B. Lundy and
Mrs.' H. Ley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years - 8 months and 17 days. A
. member of Court Sutro. Heights No. 136, F.
ot A., and of Aerie No. 5, F. O. E.
(C?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from .his late residence. 471
Hickory avenue," thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where services wj|l be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress . Cemetery. . .
GEDGE-i-In Berkeley, June 26, 1902, Ellen
iGedge, eldest daughter of the late 'Admiral
John Gedge,- R. N., a native of England,
ased 92 years. .'. ¦
p?"Services strictly private to-day (Satur-
day), at 12 o'clock, at chapel of I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, San Francisco.
IIOBBS— At sea, June 11, 1902, on board
steamer Frlederlch der . Grpsse, J. K. : C.
. Hobbs, beloved ' husband, of " Henrietta N.
Hobbs, and father of Elvira AV. and. Clar-
ence AV. Hobbs, a native of Boston, Mass.,
ased 65 years 10 months and 7 days.
{CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from Golden Gate Hall, 625
Butter street, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, K. T. • Interment
• private. • - •• . '
HOLLAND — In El Paso, Texas, June 21, 1902,
Harry G., beloved husband of Meta Holland,
father of Ruth Holland; stepfather of Mil-
ton Schroeder, and son of Caroline and the
. late. Ellison Holland, a native of Kansas-,
aged. 25. years 9 -months and 15 days. A
member of Golden Gate Camp No. 64," AVood-
men of the AVorld, and Court Lincoln No.
8517, A. O. of F. (Lodi papers please copy.)
K7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 29, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
. Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HUNTER— In thir city, June 27, 1902, James
Hunter, beloved, husband of Rosle Hunter,
and father of Isabelle, Edward, Emma, Wal-
ter, Beverly and Loretta Hunter, a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years and 6 months.
(CThe funeral services will take place' to-
morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2050 Santa ¦ Clara avenue. Ala-_
meda; under the auspices of "Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, f; and A. M. Interment pri-
vate. :-*,-. ....
JALLU — In'this city, June 27, 1902, Francois,
beloved husband of Leonide Jallu, beloved
father of Leon, Ernest, Henry and Victor
- Jallu apd Alice Joris,' father-in-law of Lu-
cien Joris. and brother-in-law of Mr. 'and
M«. Hypolite Cardinet and Antotne Le-
febvre, a native of France, aged 68 years
¦ 11 months and 3 days. "•¦• • '
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 29, 1902, Bt-9 o'clock,- from his late
. residence, S03 Sansome street, corner of
Pacific, thence to the French Church of
Notre Dame des Victoires, where services
will be held, commencing at 9:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRAMM— In Oakland, June 27, 1902 Henry
F., beloved husband of /Minnie C. kramm.
son bf Mrs. Augusta Kramm, and brother of
Jcfceph AV. Kramm, a native of Oakland,
aged ; 25 years 8 months and 18 days.
McCONNELL — In this city, June 25, 1902
Abigail McConnell, beloved wife" of John A
McConnell, q native of Ohio, aged 57 years
'4 months and 30 days. .
£u7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 322 Diamond street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
JIcCORMICK— In rtiis city, June 26, 1902, Ho-
nora McCormick, beloved mother of James
McCormick, Mrs. John Kennedy and Mrs.
Joseph Dickman, a native of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 66 years. .
itJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 28, at 9:30 o'clock, froni her late resi-
dence, ,429% Bryant street, thence to St.
.Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and Har-
rison streets, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
McCRUM — In this city,' June 27, 1002, at his
residence, 2319 California street, Hugh be-
loved husband of Helen M. McCrum, a na-
" tive of Belfast, Ireland, aged 65 years 10
months and 12 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, June 29 at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 2319 'Califor-
nia street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. . , ¦ •
McDERMOTT — In this city, June 26, 1902 Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Mary McDermott,
and father of ¦ James, Michael, Nellie
Chsirjes, AVlllle, Thomas and Kittie McDer-
mott And Mrs. i J. Finn, a native of the
parish of . Moville, County Donegal, Ireland,
ased 05 years tt months and 3 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, " from - his late
residence, 404 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church,, where a requiem high mass
will bo celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. -Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. .-. .
MOORE — In San Anselmo, June 27, 1902 Eve-
. read a. Moortf. son of, Frank K. and Mary
E. Moore, and grandchild "of Mr. and Mrs
Silas Moore, a native of San Francisco aged
11 years 7 months and 17 days.
-' CTFriends and acquaintances arerespect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. Ban Anselmo.. Taka 12:30 o'clock boat
from San Francisco, via SaueaUto. Send
flowers In care S. Moore, San Anselmo. In-
terment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery. San
Rafael. >
NAYLOR — In this city, June • 27, 1902, Mary
¦ C, Infant daughter' of Thomas C. and Katie
E. Naylor, a native of San Francisco.
O'LEARY — In this city, June 20, 1002, John
D. O'Leary, dearly beloved son of the lat«
Margaret and Denis O'Leary. and brother/Uf
Anita, Emma and William A. O'Leary, Mrs
J. C. O'Connor. Mrs. M. S. Leon, Mrs. Wll-
ljam H. Harvey and Mrs. -T. 6, Berkeley
a native of San Franc;scp. . *
¦ E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. Saturday
at 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence is
Seymour avenue, off Golden Gate' avenue
above Scott sstreet, therjee to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his doul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RATTO-^In this city, June 25, 1902, Maria
Ratto, beloved daughter of Maria and An-
. tonio- Ratto. and loving sister of ¦ Giovon
Batista, Antonio, | Carlo, Stfeve, Joseph, Rosie
HENRY J; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) "¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln : School. '
, -,. : : Telephone South 80.
Mt. ; Olivet Cemetery;
• . NEAREST THE CITY."
Office, SI6 Market ""Street. \
• / . Telephone :. Bush- 367. "'
NEW >IRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFaddeh, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the I same company for 10
years; P. F» Green, late with. JVC O'Con-'
nor ~& Co".,"- have opened Funeral Par-
: lors', at. 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
: and Eighth. ' s. Telephone South ¦&.' - • ¦¦ . |
and. Charlotte Ratto/ a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7. months and 22 days.
• (^Friends and acquaintances are respec*.-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 2S, 1002, at 1:30 o' clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2010-Mason street, be-
, tween Greenwich and Lombard. Interment
Italian Cemetery, . San Mateo" County.
RUSSELL— In this city, June 27. 1802, entered
into rest. Thoma3 S. Russell, beloved hus-
band of i Epima F. Russell, and beloved
father of Albert B. Russell, a native of New
Bedford, Mass., aged 72 years.
GyNotice of funeral hereafter." -
STREHL— In this, city, June 27, 1002, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Charles Strehl,' a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 68 years
7 months and 11 days. .
E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 /o'clock, from- her late resi-
dence, 91'2 Post street, between Hyde and
Larkin. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery. - Kindly omit flowers,
ETROHL— jn this city, June 27, 1902, God-
f rfey, dearly , beloved husband ot^ Salome
Strohl, beloved father of Louis, Georsre, Kd-
ward and Madeleine Strohl and Mrs. William
T. Blackburn, and brother of Jacob Strohl, a
' native of . Alsace, aged 09 years 7. months
and 1 day.
(C7"FriendB are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday, June 29,
' 1902, at 2 q' clock, at his late residence, 1320
Green street, thence to I. 0. O. F. Ceme-
, tery.' ¦-'--'"-'¦¦'.
STURTEVANT— fn Oakland, June 27, 1002, at
278 Thirteenth street, Oren B. Bturtevant,
father of Mra. Thomas Place of Oakland and
-Mrs. Douglas Reid of River Falls, Wis,, a
native of Maine.
inTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the tuneral services to-morrow jtSun-
day), at- 3 o'clock, at his late home, 278
Thirteenth street, Oakland. Interment Mon-
. day, June 30, at Los Gatos. .
TALLANT— In. this city, June 26,4902, John
Drury Tallant, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth W. Tallant, beloved father of Elsie and
John D. Tallant Jr., and son of the late
Drury J. Tallant, a native of San Francisco,
ased 43 years. ,
E7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, -2211
Washington street. Interment private.
TOBIN— In this city. June 26, 1802, at the
residence, 1375 Masonic avenue,- Sarah Tobln, #
beloved mother of Mrs. W. T. Martin and
the late Mrs. Alice Wilcoxon.
Cyinterment Marysville, Cal.
WALSH— In Santa Clara, Cal., June 26, 1902,
William Walsh, beloved husband of the late
Abigail Walsh, and father of Mrs. Richard
O.' Gaynor, and brother of Mrs. D. Casey, a
native of Rock Mills, County. Cork, Ireland.
A member cf San Francisco Lodge No. 4,
a; o. u. w, .¦¦¦'¦•
E7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday); at
0:45 o'clock, from his la£e residence, 1050
Madison street. Santa Clara, thence to St.
Claire's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'plocK. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, at 1 o'clock, Saturday. : -
WHITE— In this city, June 26, 1902, Samuel
M. K., beloved son of Mrs. E. J. White, and
brother of George. Daniel and Maria White,
a native of California, aged 38 years 1 month
and' 18 days.
WILLIAMS— 3n Bisbee, Ariz., June 23, 1902,
David L. Williams, only and beloved son of
Mrs. Jane Williams of Concord, Contra Costa
County, Cal.
WILSON— In AUmeda, June 26, 1902, Leo
Anthony Wilson, beloved son of David, and
Mary T. Wilson, a native of Alameda, aged
10 months and 17 days. •
tDTFuneral from the residence, .1502 Pacific
avenue, at 10 o'clock, Saturday, June 28.
Funeral and interment private.
REAL ESTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
: • : •^-^— ¦ ¦: ¦ \:. . .
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25.
Julius and Tlllie Abrahamson to A. S. Mann,
lot on -SW corner of Van Ness avenue and
Turk street, S 60 by W 109:9; $40,000. . _ . . :
A. S. and Alice E. Mann to Frederick Ryer,
same; $10. . x '
Let it la W. Hudson to Elizabeth M. Hudson
(single), lot on S line of Sacramento street,
192:6 W ot Octavia, W 27:6 by S 132:8%; sUt.
Albert and Charlotta Wilford to William G.
Walton, lot on. Q T line of Vallejo street, 114:0
E of Webster, E 23 by S 113:6; $10. "
Andrew P., Sarah E., James E. .and Sophie.
M. Dean to George A. Hare, lot Qn N line of
O'Farrell street, 62:6 W of Buchanan, ¦ W 25,
N 125, E 25, S 37:6, E 62:6, S 12:6, W 62:6.
S 75; $10. '
Edward P. McKay ' to Donald and Minnie
R. Laurence, lot on N line of Hermann street,
00 W of Buchanan, W 23:9 by N 80:6; $10.
Matilda Hanson (formerly Debus) (wife of
Francis) to same, same; $10. . ; •
Ralph S. and Marie B. Thompson to James
Hunter, lot on S line of Clay street, 102:6 W
of Locust, W 2 by S 102:8Vi; ?1&
Elise \V. and J. A. Spamer to Henning H. J.,
Wilhelm E. and M. Laura M. Ebbinghausen,
undivided one-seventh interest in lot on NW
corner of Twenty-flrst and Mission streets, N
60 by W 80; also undivided' one-seventh interest
in lot on NE corner of Twenty-flrst and Mis-
sion streets, N 85 by E 100; also all interest in
estate of Henry Ebbinghausen; $10. :¦¦¦
Amia L. Horstmann to same, undivided one-
seventh Interest in same; $10.
Joseph J. Tierney to Lizzie TIerney, lot on
NW corner of Henry and Sanchez streets, N
25 by W 105; $10.
George Meier to Minnie Meier (wife), lot on
S line of Day street, 2$0 W of Sanchez, W
25 by S 114; gift. -
Idaac fend Nina Levy to William J. Dingee,
lot on N line of Geary street, 40:6 E of Grant
avenue, B 40:% N C2:0, W 0:7'i. S 2;6.
W 29:6, S 60; $10.
Boniface F., Joseph L. and Valentine Kehr-
lein. Mary and Frederick W. Seibel to Isidore
Solomon, lot on N line of Valparaiso street.
183:3 W of Mason. W 23 by N 60, quitclaim
deed; $1. .
Phina and Aaron Kahn to Frederick Ryer,
lot on SW line of First street, 50 SE of Mis-
sion, SE 22 by SW 75; $10^- .
Isaac and Ethel Oppenheimer to George
Cohn, lot on SE line of Clementina street, 455
SW of Fifth, SW 20 by SE 75; $10.
Rose Donnlgan (or Dunnigan) to Rose Don-
nlgan. lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 100 S
of K street, S 25 by W 120; gift.
"^Thomas V. O'Brien to Peter Dean, lot on E
line of Porter avenue, 100 S of Worden avenue,
thence to Mission street. N 76:6. AV to Porter'
avenue, S to beginning, block 22, West End
Map 2; $6371
Frederick A.' Eskilson to. Frederick A. Gar-
nler, lot on N line of Bosworth street, 75 W
of Rousseau, W 369:6, NW 76, NE 1.00 chains,
NE .13 chains, NE'3.34 chains, SE-113, lots
31 and 32 of Islais and Salinas Tract; also ex-
cepting- the following: Lot on NE line cf
Bosworth street and lands of Southern Pacific
Company, NW 75.14, NE 55:1, E 05 SW
80.30; also lot on N line of Bosworth street,
251 :2 W of Rousseau, W 25, NW 202, NE
25:2%, S 105, lot 7, portions lots 31 and 32.
Islais and Salinas Tract; also commencing dis-
tant S 84% degrees W 122:3. thence S 73%
degrees W 258:11 from NW corner of Bos-
worth and Rousseau streets, ¦ SW 80, NW 85.
NE 30:3. SE 90; also lot on N line of Bos-
worth street, 201:2 W of. Rousseau. W 25 NW
108, NE 25:2Vi. S 111, subdivision i). lots 31
and 32; $10. .
Mary A. Mugge.(by E. Bianchi, commission- i
er) to Alexandrine Sarraille (as administratrix
estate of Frederic Gamier), same; $2022.
Antoine Borel and. D. L. Farnsworth to
Adolph Sutro, lots 30, 31 and 42, bjock H, lot
32, block C, Sunset Heights; $ . .,
William H. and Catherine M. Ewing to Max
Burkhart. lots 336 and 337, Sliver Terrace
Homestead; $10.
Joseph, Harriet. Jacob and Bertha G. Welss-
beln, Jacob and Una Heyman to B. A. Lind-
berg, lot on S line of Twenty-third street.
150 W of Hoffman avenue, W 25 by S 114, lot
227, Heyman Tract; $10. v
THURSDAY, JUNE 26.
Hibernla Savings and ¦ Loan Society to An-
tonio Marciano, lot on E line of Gough street,
130:1 N of Filbert. N 24:11 by E 135; $920.
Edmund C. Burr to Anna B. Burr (wife),
lot pn 8 line of Green street, 258:6 W of
Franklin. E 09:8. S 137:6, W 144:8%. NE 144:1
quitclaim deed; $5. ¦ •
President and Board of Trustees University
College, (a corporation) to Frank H.. Burke, lot
on SW corner of Halght ana Octavia streets,
S 137:0, W 87:6, N 37:6. E 50, N 100, E 37:0.'
quitclaim deed; f 5/
Henry W.; Susan K. and Charles T. Wilder,
Elizabeth C. and Louis T. Hall to Charles N.
Wilder, lot on W'llne of Central avenue (Lott)
122:9 N of Grove. NW 152:3. SW 63:9, SE 4s|
SE 1QS:7>«, NE 80:8% j also lot on E line of
Thirty-third avenue. 175 N of V street, N 50
by E 120; also lot on S line of Lobos street,
725 E of Marengo, E 25 by S 125, lot 14. block
N, Railroad Association No. 2, quitclaim deed;
James W. and Mary L. Coleman and Andrew
F. Magrane to William. F. Taylor, lot on N
line Of Clay street. 137:6 W of Spruce. W 27-6
by N 127:8 V4: $10. . - I
•F. L. Paillet to Hannah L. Burke, lot oh N
line of. Elliott Park, 08 \V of Stelner, W 22 by
N 70 (Hamlliiirr^square); $10.
Clara M^Toltz to' Walter R. Douglas, lot on
W line a^Stanyan street/ 443:6 2-5 8 of Par-
nassusjrfSullivan), S 25^by"W 111:6, lot 41,
block I, < Meyers Nursery Tract:, $10.
• J. F. Nolan to Charles W. Lynch,- lot on 3
line of Ford street, 185:4% E of Noc E °4-7>4
by S 114; $10. -. . - - ¦ J? .
Lillian M. Thurston (Hanierton) (wife), Cyo
and 8; E. Hamerton to Martha Hamerton lot
on 8 llrw of Valley street, 262:9 E -of 'Dolores
E 27:1 by S 114; gift. . "fores.
Patrick Mullen to Catherine Mullen (wife)
lot pn .}V line of Douglass street. 210 8 of
Twenty-fourth. S 50 by , W 125; g|ft.
Maria Figqne (wife, of Bartplomeo) to An--
tonlo DqVlncenzl, . undivided one-sixth of lot on
W line of Stockton street, 55 N of Jackson N
41:3 by W 93:6; also all interest In estateof
Giovanni Devincenzl or Guiseppl Devlncenzl-
$1E5O.\ f ~ . ¦ > .. •'
Sidney E. and Annie H. Mezes. to John H.
and Lotta«Bohllg, : lot on S line of Broadway
103:6 W of Leavenworth. W 81:6, S 137-fl E
106:0, N 67:6. .W- 25. N .70; $10. v . '
Frederick D. and Genevieve B. • Marsh to
Henry Kahn. lot on . E line' of. 'Hyde street
137:6 N of Pine, N 22:11, by E. 80; 410. .: ,
Robert H. Morgan to Karl G. A. and Antonio
Henoch. lot on AV. line of Mississippi street 100
N of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by AV 100; $10. "
" Michl C. and ¦ Delia A. Gorham to Anna C.
8torm (wife* of V.). lot on W line of Twenty-
third avenue. 330 N of Point Lobos avenue -N
25 by AVil20;$10. - -L . .;
O. R. McGee.and W.'N. Canfleld. to Henry
N. RlWet, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue '300
N oi I. street, N 25 by E 120; $10. . ." ,
. Gallagher Estate Company to ' AVllllam O.
PERSONALS Con tinned.
DRUNKENNESS, morpfclne and ell «rutf dis-
eases positively cured by Th«f Willow Bark
. Co.. IS3a Tolk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
ensni*-! iron beds, single, three-quarter
«r dcuble. $2 2S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
' co -- 1310-1312 Stockton St.. u*ar Broadway.
ii 0 }} ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
'..^ f. u tnt newest designs for cummer goods. J
VI. EVAN'S. :021 Market Ft., near Sixth. '¦
AT iees than cost, uncalled-toi-^ults, cvercoati
>_ troU 7riVark^t H ft RLES ™*™ '
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pppu-
tar Price Hatters. 330 Keamy et.* n\ar Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS? 437 Montgomery £
KI^t S i A t T A O x J^ L . k for men : Postage 2 cents.
MILLJAMS & CO.. 140 Geary stJ
A fc7^ R i SON - theatrica l cortumer; private the-
fctneale: masqueradeg supplied. 26 O'Farrei:.
A^m N^ r f^- o » l £ s **J* e >' es end ears to health*
_Scld by A'\ IDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. ISth?
ST r£^y ? US . halr - mole »- **• Permanently
reaped, f'.ectric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
H V^ LR ?., c V. re<1:^ no °P«r*t»on. pain or »oet
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26^ Kearny.
V- Mi^flr I V.? IA w DE 6UitSl * T M i dr « SS P antS « * 2 M -
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
**^f,FT?i C ne * d »e specialist: superfluous hair
ana moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Sir* Brlegs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
ti> electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
el *F E t R < FLUOt:S halr end moles removed by
Electric needIe.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.:i70Market.
A^REDMUS Esyptlan Henna; restores gray
__nstr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'. I
-^V^m NU T,? TOOTHACHE "DROPS CURE
jOe —ul SBc : _All_£rur B -l«t« j
CYSPKPeiA and constipation cured; box free,
C. H. ROWAN'. Nprth Milwaukee. Wla.
Masquerade costumes, piay books wicT-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & Ca. 7S3 Mkt!
"• LAiIOTTE ' S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
fren corn cure. 26c: all druggists.
— PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
JiCPTURE ar.fl pileis cured; no pVi" uptil cure?
no operation; no detention from business; al
?mate diseases treated successfully; con«ul-
Fordeo & Porteineld,6Turk.
?MMltS;. O'DO-^ELL-Office and resident
iO21^ Market bet. Sixth and Seventh. '
C *i?. r . aCts <?ured by absorption: rectal diseases
without < iteration. Dr. Ball. 107.;HMarket Et.
U » T li* a '? teil J l ? I"' urchas e north of Valletta j
bu£vSi£2 cal ' fornia bt - Savings Unicn \
bldg.). between Montgomery and Kearny" i
A C~?J;* V v* trant *™\° P urcf >ase. on Vallejo.
sv^ru' ° r Fnbert ' between Van Ness
ri -v v k-?'° Wl lm r- r oved or vacant. W. J.
A lSSV^ XC ? *?5 tteJ to Pu^hase. north d !
?^'' y ' cr , n^odtrate price, between Van
R2S a V c - «f'«J,Lyo» tt. w. j. gukn, wj
Caiifoima fit. (Savings Union bliig.). !
T^ht V I!f •l%)Y l^' CUT .? £ suburban home in j
255 , Old Ocean" as cheap as now; eof-
T^^-,*,^ ii:mg lots at « t>»r S 8in THIS- i
1LE.1UN. 2.2 haoewa et., Ootan View.
K<^>" , SAI -K— Cheap: a tine U-vel lot at Point
Gu^r n era LEVI ' ~ L3 ° Maricet St.. near
COlJATIty ir or S.« e
CHAKCE TO BUY RIGHT
cn the. peninsula.
We are authorized te sell
the rich acres of Redwood Farm
Pietty 5-acre homes
»mid great o&ks.
Five minutes' walk from new depot
et Redwood City, San Mateo County
Near Stanford University.
S-acre lets only $1250 tu 11375.
l^*-ccre lots »3iO to $450, all corners.
Double track electric road \
now building.
In 20 years you have not
heard of euch a chance
te *et such property.
The kind of property you ought to own.
Buy now at first cost.
Urge your friends to, also.
This is a snap.
Terms hr.lt cash.
<^all or send for catalogue to-day
TVOOSTEK. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
€34 Market ftreet.
OKCHAHD Home, near Los Gatos. Santa" Clara
county, cn Lt» Uatos and Saratoga ave* ;
beautiful location: cjimate unsurpassed ; ten
minutes' drive trom station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which is in r-
chasd: 32 acres in bearing; b&lance will bear
fruit next year; there is a pro;.- cf fruit, es-
timated at fiOOO; agricultural implement*
acd tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagous
etc, included. ; . *
The re£idenc« is one-story. contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, ; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn anj
flowers; a beautiful and healthly bom*, and
prcntable; irice $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON' & CO..
S4 West Sania Clara et.. San Jose. i
115,000— OWNER refused $20,000 few years
ago, but is now old and sick; good investment
and producer: delightful locution; elevated,
cool, but f rustless; early crops, beet pricet: !
corn for second crop; CC acres rich foothill j
land; family orchard, including ofanges,' '
lemons, etc.; modern a-rcom house (sewer*), j
good tarn, tank, springs; half mile from !
A li. R. and »chooJ; near clfectric line; few i
miles from Oakland; tenants ready if de-
eired. Particulars A. W.' BELL, 417 Parrott
bldg., near wen elevators.
A GOOD opportunity to Fecure a fine country I
hocae, 'i mile from Sonoma City, Cal.; J
321? acres, all improved in grapes fruit, hay
srra.:n, etc.; everything to go with the p!ace; I
will be sold at a bargain to close estate.
For full particulars apply to owners,' M.
JOOST & CRO., W0 to CIS Ucugh Et. San
Francisco. Cal. j
• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO '
Email tracts. $C0 to SIM per acre, on Uancho J
Cotati. Sonoma Co.. future value assured, as ;
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for roultry and grnttal farming. Apply '
to The Cotaii Ce.. California et. for J
pamphlet and information. * i
$X0 — A SNAP barrain in SO acres of land I
close to town, in Lake County; house, barn,
orchard, alfalfa; abundance of running we-
t*r: eof-t »14OO; must sell. C. F. MOORK
BBS Mariict st.
LJV£RiIORE Valley vineyard* for sale, $3500
up; f-mali cath payment, balance 6 per cent;
profits belter than fruit; climate unsurpassed.
E. P FLINT, 1US Broadway. Oakland.
ASK for our list of suburban and country,
properties; land department. AMERICAN
G*UAKANTY & TRUST CO.. Hay ward bldg..
San Francisco.
BAUSALITO— Auction Saturday, June 28, 1
o'clock. 30 choice lots, Turney Tract; a snap
GEO. D. SHEARER, Auctioneer.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
LVND bargains; new catalogue tent free. !
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery, 631 Market,
Write Wells. Saunders & Ce., petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
IX>R sale or exchange ior S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Bonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark, Agua Caliente. Sonoma Valley.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - sag
ri-;al estate wanted.
WANTED — A good Improved stock ranch, con-
taining 40<>0 or 6006 head of cattle. Ad-
dress box 1220. Call office.
»
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
irtJTlCE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JEAN
BAPTISTE LEBLANC. also called J. B. LE-
BLANC, df-ceatedT Notice in hereby given by
thin undersigned. JOHN FARNHAM. Admin-
istrator of the Eetau of JEAN BAPTISTE
LEBLANC, aleo called J. B. LEBLANC, de-
ceased, to the creditor* of, and all persons
having claims agatnFt the said deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator
et roorn 79. Chronicle Building, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the eaid estete jn the City and Coun-
ty of Ran Francisco. State of California.
JOHN FARNHAM. Administrator of the K»-
tate of JEAN BAPTISTE LEBLANC. also
called J. B. LEBLANC. Decea«ed.
Dated at £an Francisco, May. 31, 1002
FRANK. MeGOWAN. Attorney far Admin-
istrator. Rooms 75, 73 and 60, Chronicle
BuiWinjf.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— E«tate"o7~ANNA
6TEIN. aleo called ANNA EMILIB STEIN,
deceased- Notice is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator
of the Estate of ANNA STEIN, also called
ANNA EMILIE STEIN, deceased, to th«
creditor* cf. and atl persons having claims ,
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary voucherr. within four !
months after the first publication of this no-
tle*- to the eaid Administrator, at room 79,
Chronicle Building, the name being his place •
t for the transaction -A the business of the eaid I
( eeutft in the City and County of San Fran-
cUco. 6tate of California. JOHN FARN- !
HAM. Administrator of the Estate of ANNA
6TEIN. aleo called ANNA EMILIE STEIN. •
deceased. *~ I
Dated at fc'an Francisco, May 31, 1902.
CARLTON W. GREEN. Attorney fcr Ad- •
tnlnlFtrator, Rooms 70 and 79. Chronicle '•
BuUfltns.Swim at the Crystal Baths,
Bay street, near Powell. "Water always
clean, warm. Tub department best In city.*
Dr. Dwlght S. Chaun of Toronto, Can
ada, will address" the meeting of the Con
gregational ministers Monday I morning ' at
11 o'clock in the Young Men's -Christian
Association building. ' - •
Will Address Ministers' Meeting.
Golden Gate Council No. 3 of the Daugh
ters of Liberty, recently instituted, gave
Its first social hop. in Mission Opera Hall
last night. There was a^good attend
ance. The dance proved a most enjoyable
aff a I'fUHIIIlllilU'lllllliWIIilllB'llWHIIIIIiilll
Daughters of Liberty Dance.
New regulations devised by First
Deputy, Collector Newton S. Farley for
the sampling of teas in the Custom-house
were put In force yesterday by. Port Col
lector Stratton. Heretofore consignees of
tea were required to submit 15 ' per cent
¦amples. This . caused ; much complaint
among merchants on account of the great
waste of teas in sampling. Farley's regu
lation provides for 1 per cent samples.
New Tea Sampling Regulations.
Joseph Malone of Tacoma* has solicited
the aid of the local police in locating his
daughter Emelie, 19 years of age, whom
he. haft not seen since she was a child
Nine years ago Malone, being without
funds, placed his daughter in the Girls'
Directory, on Bryant street. The girl
made her escape from the institution five
years ago and has not been seen since.
Detective Anthony has been detailed on
the case.
Tries to Find Daughter.
Sailor Attempts Suicide.
Charles Anderson, a seafaring 1 man, re
siding at 318 Ritch street, attempted to
take his own life yesterday by swallowing
iodide of potassium. His groans aroused
some of the inmates of the house, .who,
seeing his condition, had him removed to
the Emergency Hospital, where Dr. James
D. Murphy successfully attended him and
then sent him back to his home. It is
said that Anderson's love for a young
woman with whom he had been keeping
company had not been reciprocated, hence
his attempt at suicide.
Olive V. R. ' Wilson commenced . suit
against the Svea Insurance Company for
$900, the Pennsylvania Insurance Company
for $1000 and the Scottish Union and Na
tional Insurance Company for $1500 yes
terday, alleging that the amounts are due
her on policies issued on her. residence
at Belmont Park, San Mateo County,
which was destroyed by fire July 4, 1901.
She charges that the companies refuse
to pay her policies on the ground that
she failed to notify them of her ¦ loss
within sixty days.
Sues for Fire Insurance.
Mr. Tallant, who passed away day be
fore yesterday, possessed many excellent
attributes of character. He was modest,'
sincere and companionable. He was born
in San Francisco forty-three years ago.
He was largely identified with the ship
ping interests of this coast and his for
tune ' Inherited and acquired may b«
classed as ample. His wife, one daugh
ter, a young lady, and a son survive. He
was a member of the Chamber of Com
merce, Bohemian Club and other Institu
tions. :
The funeral of John D. Tallant, who
died, at hi a home in this city Thursday
moraine of this week, will take place at
2 o'clock to-day. He was the son of John
D. Tallant. the pioneer banker, who es
tablished the firm of Tallant & Co.. the
oldest banking- institution in the State.
On the death of the founder of the house
tho junior John D. Tallant became* presi
dent of the bank. ;
Financial Institution in the
. State of California.
Hio Father Established the First
JOHN D. TALI/ANT'S
CAREER AS A "RA-NXKH
At the annual banquet of the Alumni
Association of the. College of Physicians
and Surgeons, held In the artistically dec
orated dining hall of the California Hotel
last Wednesday evening, more than 200
young 1 physicians were assembled around
the grayly decked banquet tables. Dr.
Carroll O. Southard, president of the as
sociation, acted as toastmaster. Dr.
Francis B. Williams responded to "Alum
ni Association of the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons." while Dr. Charles
Boxton told what he knew about "Our
Faculty." W. Bernal Crawley. B. A.,
Ph.G., talked about the achievements of
the "Class of 1902," while E, Myron Wolf
gave an interesting talk on an appropriate
topic. - v\'
Prominent among the other speakers of
the evening were Rev. Dr. Rader, Rev.
Dr.- Kierulf, Dr. Winslow Anderson,
Judge Carpenter. Dr. D. A. Hodgehead,
Dr. J. H. Seymour and Dr. Charles M»
Troppmann. The committee having the
affair in charge was composed of Carroll
O. Southard, M. D., E. A. Besson, M. D.,
and Charles M. Troppmann, M. D.
Spread in Artistically Decorated
Dining Hall. -'">-¦> >
Over Two Hundred Doctors Enjoy
PHYSICIANS' ALUMNI
HOLDS ANNUAL BANQUET
Make Odd Fellows' Hall Perma
nent Place of Amusement.
D. J. Grauman of Unique Theater to
Odd Fellows' Hall, it has been decided,
•hall go into the hands of D. J. Grauman,
the proprietor of the Unique Theater, and
with the lesseeship will cornea new vaude
ville house, where the lighter sort of high
class entertainment will have sway
Grauman has deposited with the directors
of the hall a certified check for $2500
The lessee will make improvements and
changes in the hall that will fit it for the
class of amusement which he promises
He at first applied for a ten-year lease"
but that request was denied and his sub
sequent application for a five-year lease
•was granted.
Grauman in consideration of being given
the lease has promised to let the Grand
Lodge have the use of the hall one week
In each year during his lease.
The Bank Commissioners announce that
the Bank of Tustin will retire from, busi
ness, paying it? depositors In full. Cash
ier E. B. Buss -will accept the position of
cashjer of the First National Bank of
Bakcrsncld. ->. - '
Bank of Tustin to Close.
While amusing herself in the children's
playground at Golden Gate Park yester
day Mrs. J. Tyler, residing at 2448 Howard
etreet, met vrith a painful accident which
will confine her to her home for some
time. She was riding on the merry-co
round, when she lost her balance and fell
In falling ehe struck on her right knee
and dislodged the cap. She applied at the
General Emergency Hospital for treat
ment, but refused to permit Dr. Maher
to make the necessary examination
thereupon she was removed to her home!
Woman Falls From Merry-Go-Rouad.
Federal Grand Jury Indictments.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day returned, indictments as follows:
Mace A. Moyes, for having in possession!
passing and attempting to pass 126 coun
terfeit dollars; George Clement Adams, for
having in possession and passing three
counterfeit dollars; James P. Mullen for
forging a postal money order in the name
of .Tames McPhaull; James P. Mullen, fo?
forging a money order in the name of J
J. Searey; August Helwlg, for depositing
unmailablc matter in the Postofflce, the
sffie being an obscene letter addressed to
Miss Lena Closse at Chlco.
ADDITION TO VAUDEVILLE
THEATERS IS PROMISED
Joseph A. Schupp, who claims to be the
owner of 320 acres of land in Fresno
County, brought a suit for $40,000 dam
ages against the Sanger Lumber Com
pany yesterday. The plaintiff alleges
that the company has within the last two
years cut down and converted to its own
use 4,000,000 feet of timber from his land
and has refused to pay him for the same.
Sues for Price of Timber.
• Justice of the P.eace Long gave judg
ment yesterday for $35 in favor of O. B.
Burns, who sued Ivan Treadwell, the
youngest of the Treadwell heirs, for pro
fessional services. Burns sued for $80, but
Judge Long held that as Treadwell \ was
a minor when the work was performed.
Burns could only recover for work done
that was actually necessary.
Treadwell Heir Loses Suit.
The Overland Monthly for July is one
of the most readable publications of the
month. The leading article is "The Build
ing of a Battleship." profusely illustrated,
by George William Dickie; all the war
vessels built in this city are illustrated,
and some of the illustrations appear in
print for the first time. / •
Overland Monthly for July.
I Chinese Minister at Washington
Has Them Held by the Collector
Pending Proofs.
At the request of Ho Tow. Imperial
Chinese Consul General at this pert. Min
ister Wu Ting Fang at Washington has
prevailed upon the Secretary of the Treas
ury to order Customs Collector Stratto»
to hold certain Jadestono tablets and seals
taken from the baggage of United States
military officers returning from China.
Ho Yow appears to attach aa much Im
portance . to the tablets as though they
were the orlgnala on which the Ten Com
mandments -were written on Mount Sinai.
A translation shows that th» Inscriptions
are merely the stereotyped Oriental
eulogy on a departed gentleman of the up
per class. Ho Yow says that he thinks
they are Government property looted by
foreign soldiers during the Invasion and
capture of Peking-.
Collector Stratton received a dispatch
yesterday from the Secretary of tha
Treasury instructing him to hold the
tablets and seals for "thirty days only,"
so that tho Chines© authorities may have
an opportunity of proving that the prop-f i
erty belongs to their Government. V
Charles H. Malina was held by Judge
Fritz on a charge of burglary in $2000
bonds. He is- accused of entering the
room, of A. Knopfmacher in the Adams
building, 206 Kearny street, and stealing a
revolver and silver watch.
Threa defendants were held to answer
before the Superior Court yesterday.
Manuel Matiirana was held by Judge Mo
gan on a charge of grand larceny in. $2000
bonds. He is charged with stealing a
pocketbook containing $461 from Samuel
Whipps, former first sergeant in the Ninth
Infantry, in the Southern Pacific ticket
office on Market street last Wednesday.
His defense was that he thought the
pocketbook was a glove and he picked It
up off the floor.
Philip J. Miller was held by Judge Mo
gan on a charge of grand larceny in $1000
bonds. He is accused of stealing $117 from
the safe in T. J. Clancy's saloon, 710
Kearny street, where he was employed as
assistant bartender, r. 1 .
Grand Larceny and One for
_ Burglary.
Three Defendants Are Held, Two for
MUST ANSWER BEFORE
THE SUPERIOR COURT
CONSUL HO YOW IS EAGEB
TO SECURE THE TABLETS
Thomas Barker, the companion of Joe
King, the convict preacher, and Henry
Hamilton, must stand ' trial on four
charges of burglary. Before Judge Law
lor yesterday his attorney argued a mo
tion to set aside the information, and it
was denied. He then interposed a de
murrer, which was disallowed, and the
cases were continued till to-day to be set.
Barker Must Stand Trial.
About fifty saleswomen met In the Alca
zar building last night and concluded the
organization of the San Francisco Sales
ladies' Association, which is to be affil
iated with the Retail Clerks* International
Association. The announcement was
made that the charter would be received
next week, when the association would
organize for business by the election of
officers. The following named addressed
the women on the subject of unionism
and its benefits: J. B. Cunningham, J.
K. Jones, L. Kruger and J. A. Johnston.
The members of the Upholsterers* Un
ion elected the following officers at their
meeting last night: President, J. Alex
ander; vice president, B. Stefflns; record
ing secretary, H. Apple; financial secre
tary. J. Peacock; treasurer, A. Estelita;
sergeant at arms, M. Davis; trustees— M.
Halloran, E. Murphy, W. Buchtell; dele
gates to the Labor Council, B. Rosenthal
and L. Harris.
Carpenters' Union No. 1082 of the broth
erhood met last night and initiated one
new member and admitted six by clear
ance cards. The men were urged to re
main firm in the trouble which seems to
be scheduled for next week.
A resolution was adopted raising the
boycott on the Magnolia restaurant and
Hambletonian stables.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council last night a communication
was received from the City Front Fed
eration requesting the appointment of a
committee of five to act with a like com
mittee of the federation in the matter of
bringing about harmony among the con
flicting labor organizations. The follow
ing named were appointed as such com
mittee: W. H. Goff, Edward Rosenberg,
R. I. Wisler, W. W. Copeland and L. D.
Wallenstein.
Carpenters' Union No. 22, which Is af
filiated with the Building Trades Council,
held a meeting last night and formally
declared its intention to remain with the
council, the union having been suspended
by the National Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and Joiners of America.
The brotherhood carpenters are prepar
ing for the struggle with the contractors
next week, when it is expected many of
the brotherhood men will be locked out
owing to their refusal to recognize the
working card of the Building Trades
Council. A mass meeting of the brother
hood men will be held next Monday even
ing, at which time final instructions will
be issued by the district council.
Wolf demurred to the petition on the
grounds that the court had no jurisdic
tion, that Whitley had no legal capacity
to sue and that he did not state facts suf
ficient to constitute a cause of action. He
also demurred on the further grounds that
the complaint was ambiguous in that it
cid not state what college he was a grad
uate of and that it did not furnish satis
factory evidence that he had graduated
from, any Institution.
The graduates of the San Francisco
Dental College, which, acording to the
Btate Board of Dental Examiners, Is not
a "reputable institution." won a partial
victory in Judge Murasky's court yester
day, where the suit of C. H. WWtley, a
graduate of the school, for a writ of man
date compelling the board to examine him
as to his fitness for a license to practice,
was argued. The court overruled the de
murrer to the suit interposed by Insur
ance Commissioner E. Myron Wolf In be
half of tbe board and denied the motion
made by Wolf to strike out parts of the
complaint.
Murasky Overrules De
murrer of Dental
Examiners.
Brotherhood Carpenters
Look for Trouble
Next Week.
Best investment for a small sum rt
money in real estate that has been of
fered to the public in a long time. In
Reno, Nev., we have a few exceptionally
good bargains in town lots. Prices from
to) each up to $400. Size 50x140. Reno is
growing faster than any town in Cali
fornia. Tbe railroad will in a short time
make it a divisional terminal, bringing in
several thousand new people. You can
not rent a store or house In Reno to-day
Lots of houses now building. ¦ These lot*
are on the principal residence streets ano.
it is absolutely , impossible for you to
make a mistake. Buy one or more for
your children. In less than a year they
cannot help but double in value. For
further particulars call on R. D. Cranston
& Sons, 114 Montgomery street. •
A Great Opportunity.
UNION WORKERS
ARE RESTLESS
STUDENTS WIN
PARTIAL VICTORY
The committee adjourned to meet at
the call of the chairman, but before it
adjourned full -power to complete ar
rangements was placed In the hands of
the parade, literary, printing and music
committees.. . • ¦. •:••.""¦
The committee" honored Harry Kelly by
unanimously electing him vice president.
Father Caraher moved that a vote of
thanks be extended to the chairman,
George R. Wells, for the very eloquent
address he had delivered in the interest
of harmony; at the previous meeting. "The
motion was carried. A vote of thanks
was given to Alfred Ellinghouse for his
kindness In donating the use of the Met
ropolitan Temple • for the literary exer
cises. ¦ ¦_
A letter was received from Senator
George C. Perkins informing the com
mittee that Admiral H. C. Taylor, had
notified him that no battleship wqflld be
in position to take part in the"«lebra
tion.
NO BiMTTLESHIP HERE.
Tho programme committee reported
that Frank H. Gould had been selected
to deliver the oration, Rev. Father H.
H. Wyman to -make the prayer. Rev.
Frank K. Baker to pronounce the bene
diction and the Knickerbocker Quartet to
sing patriotic airs.
Firework displays are to be given in
the Mission, south of Market street and
at North Beach. Father Caraher will se
lect the place In North Beach, Michael
Coffey the location of the display south
of Market street and E. G. Denniston the
place in the Mission.
After the question of music had been
settled the committee proceeded 1 to ap
portion its funds. It was decided to al
low $900 to the fireworks committee, $800
to the parade committee. $195 for print
ing, $155 to the literary committee and $240
for three bands which are to play during
the day in parks in different parts of the
city. . J :
was accordingly done.
The recommendation met with the ap
proval of the general committee, and
Walter Gallagher, who at the meeting
before had made the motion that no
money • be paid to non-union musicians,
moved that this action be rescinded. It
RESCIND RECOMMENDATION.
At a previous meeting of the commit
tee it was decided not to pay the Na
tional Guard bands for their services.
This decision was reversed yesterday ami
now both the union and non-union band3
will be given the same compensation.
When the decision of the Musicians' Un
ion was made known a joint meeting of
the music and finance committees was
held and it was determined to recom
mend to the general committee that the
military bands should be paid for their
services.
The matters which were in dispute be
tween the Fourth of July committee and
the Musicians' Protective Union have
been satisfactorily adjusted and the way
paved for a successful celebration on In
dependence day. E.-W. 'Kent of the Mu
sicians', Union announced at the meeting
of the committee % yesterday afternoon
that the board of directors of the union
had decided to permit the union bands to
play in the parade' with the non-union
National / Guard bands, provided the
guardsmen march at the head of the or
ganizations to which they belong. This
announcement was a source of joy to the
cGir.mittee, as it completely removed the
question of dispute which had threatened
to prevent a street parade. '
Detective Graham located the man as
he was working in a field yesterday and
demanded his surrender. At first he de
nied his identity, but when he saw the
detective was determined to take him
into custody he. seized a hoe and. made a
desperate attempt to fight his way to lib
erty. The struggle lasted some time,
when Guiglizza was clubbed into submis
sion and taken to the Central police sta
tion.
Spinetti and the police heard from the
alleged thief about one year ago. He de
serted from the army at. Varese. . Italy,
and had been recaptured and pressed
back into service. With the assistance of
the Italian police it was ascertained that
the man wanted had been mustered out
one month ago and that he was on his
way to San. Francisco.
Guiglizza and an aged man named
Gerolomo Cordana worked together until
March 2, 1900, on a vegetable ranch.- Just
previous to their separation Guiglizza dis
covered that his fellow workman had
$750 on deposit in an Italian bank. In
forming the old man that he would pur
chase property for him, Guiglizza, it is
alleged, secured possesion of -the money
and on the same day left for Italy. Judge
J. A. Splnetti took cliarge of the prosecu
tion for Cordana and caused a warrant
charging felony embezzlement to be is
sued at that time.
Giovanni Guiglizza . was arrested last
evening . at a ' vegetable ranch near the
Five-Mile House after a desperate fight,
in which he tried to beat Detective Gra
ham, tho arresting officer, with a hoe.
Guiglizza, it' is alleged, committed a
theft two years ago and was tracked to
Italy, where he remained/ until he rer
turned to this city three days ago. Those
who claimed he robbed them awaited his
return, "then invoked the aid of the law..
Katherine C. Felton, general secretary
of the Associated Charities, to whom the
case of Miss Hacker was referred, wrote
to the girl's father on the same day, re
questing him to forward money sufficient
to purchase a ticket for Los Angeles for
his daughter. The money was sent with
out delay and Miss Hacker returned to
her home on Wednesday evening, consid
erably wiser by reason of her experience.
Meanwhile Mackey Is being looked for by
the police, and If he is located he' may
be arrested for abduction.
I got acquainted with some nice people and
they . have taken good care of me. Well. I
will close, and you must write as soon as you
get this. Your daughter, MAT.
Well, we finally got here, and then came
the worst of all. Last night he said he had a
nice room, and when I went to go to it he
commenced taking his collar off. and there I
was. waiting for him to go all the time. He
said he was going to stay there, too, but I told
him if he was going to stay there I was
going. He said ho would give me 15 minutes
to make up my mind to stay or I would rue
the day. 1 didn't care, I told him. My mind
was made up, and with that I left the room
and went across the street to the Winchester
House and trot a room there, and in the morn
ing I reported him. And now I am going
ever to Oakland to etay at a place the Asso
ciated Charities have until they hear from you,
and then they are going to send me home.
FLEES FROM BOOM.
When Mackey was looked for -at 25
Third street he could not be i"ound. It
was stated that he had changed his lodg
ings and that he could be found at 826&
Market street. Mrs. Prescott went to
that address and left a note for Mackey,
directing him to turn Miss Hacker's bag
gage over to her care. The baggage
showed up on the following day, but
Mackey, who evidently feared arrest,
could not be found. Miss Hacker spent a
few days in the Chabot home in Oak
land, and while there she sent thu follow
ing communication to her father:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 20, 1902.-
Dear Papa: I guess you will be more than
surprised to hear of me being here, but never
theless I am. I will tell you the whole busi
ness. Mr. Mackey came out to see me and
said that he was going to Catalina and wanted
to know If I didn't want to go down for a day.
Well, of course, I thought that was all right,
and so I went, as I thought, to Catalina. After
¦ I had been on the water for about an hour and
a half I asked him how far It was to Cata
lina and he said he didn't know. And- 1
thought it was funny we didn't get in sight
of any place. So finally the purser and cap
tain came around to take the tickets, and I
beard him say "Frisco," and then he read
the number. And I asked him what that
meant and he said we were passengers to San
Francisco, and I started to cry./ And, -then
Mackey said I ought to be glad to have such
a trip, but I couldn't see it that way.
MACKEY IS MISSING.
. Mackey accompanied the girl to a thea
ter the same evening and returned to their
lodgings shortly before midnight. His
actions while in the room with her fright
ened Miss Hacker, who made a dash for
liberty and ran into the Winchester
House, where she told her story to the
.night clerk. Suitable accommodations
were provided for the hapless girl, and
on the following day her case was ex
plained to Mrs. Prescott of the Children's
Protective Association.
Mackey left the girl on the arrival of
the steamer, saying he would return with
a ticket to Los Angeles and see to tne re
shipment of her baggage. He then pro
ceeded to a lodging-house at . 25 Third
street, where he rented a room for him
self and wife. On .his return to the
steamer he Informed Miss Hacker that he
was unable to raise money for her return
ticket until Monday, but that he had se
cured her a room in a respectable lodg
ing-house, where she might pass the in
terim in perfect safety. The unsuspect
ing girl accompanied Mackey to the
house indicated, it being understood by
the landlady that the couple were hus
band and wife.
The couple started presumably for Cat
alina on Wednesday of last week. , An
hour after the departure of the steamer
Miss Hacker asked Mackey how far Cata
lina was, and he replied that he did not
know. Then she made the discovery that
the steamer was bound for this city.. She
became frightened, whereupon Mackey
informed her that if she created a scene
on board the ship she would uselessly
compromise not only him but herself as
well. Filled with shame, the unhappy
girl sought seclusion in her berth, never
leaving it unti\ this port was reached.
Two weeks ago Miss Hacker resolved
to spend a short vacation with friends at
Long Beach. Mackey suggested that he
take her to Catalina for a day's outing
in return for her kindness to his wife
during her fatal illness. v She agreed to
the proposal, it being understood that
after leaving Catalina Mackay was to ac
company the girl to her friends at Long
Beach. ' . , ~ . ¦
GIBIi BECOMES FRIGHTENED.
The enticement of Miss Hacker from
her home narrowly borders upon abduc
tion. She had confidence in Mackey,
whose .wife she knew well prior to Mrs.
Mackey's death, about six -weeks ago.
Mackey is a man of middle age and was
employed with the Santa Fe Company at
San Bernardino. Miss Hacker is the
daughter of R. H. Hacker, keeper of the
city park at San Bernardino. Some
months ago she workea at Rialto as an
orange packer, and while In this employ
ment she met and became engaged to
"William Williamson. At the time of Mrs.
Mackey's death the Hackers took charge
of the funeral and did all in their power
to render the lot of the apparently al
most inconsolable widower comfortable.
Miss May Hacker, a pretty girl' of 18
years, living at San Bernardino, was en
ticed to this city under peculiar circum
stances last week by B. H. Mackey, a
widower, and but for the timely interfer
ence of Mrs. Prescott of« the Children's
Protective Association she might now- be
anoth-er ; victim to the wiles of that class
of unscrupulous" men whose chief aim In
life appears to be to lure attractive girls
to their ruin. ' t
Confidence in B. H. Mackey
Almost Results in
Her Ruin.
Giovanni Guighzza Caught
After Chase ; Lasting
Two Years.
Committee Decides to Pay
Militiamen for. Their '
' Services.
Experience of Miss May
Hacker of San Ber-
Musicians' Union With
draws Obj ection t o
Guard Bands. S;
Detective 3-Ias Desperate
v Fight- With Accused
WIELDS A HOE
WHEN CORNERED
LURES MAIDEN
FROM HER HOME
STREET PARADE
IS A CERTAINTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1902.
14
II /pLUONS «se CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by CUTICURA ;
I VI OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying
'*"'** the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dand-
ruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whiten-
ing, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes,
hchings, and dialings, in the form of baths for annoying irrita-
tions and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration, in
the form of washes for ulccrativc weaknesses, and - for many '
antiseptic purposes, which readily suggest themselves to women W.
and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath,
and nursery.* CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient
properties derived from CUnCURA ODVl JVUiNT, the great skin
cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most
refreshing of flower odours. No other medicated soup ever com-
pounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and \
beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign
or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with
it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it
combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and
complexion soap, the BEST toilet and 'BEST baby soap in the
world. yv '
COMPLETE TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR, $1.00.
jm>t ± • - Consisting of Ccticura Soap, 25c, to cleanse the skin ol crusts
fill B"R/*Jiiy*<B and scales and soften the thickened cuticle; CtrncrrRA Oint-
v- I'm L M S_t Li 6 Ca mekt, 50c.. to instantly allav Itchingr, Inflammation, and Irritation,
and eootheand heal; and fctmccEA Resolvent Pius, 25c., to
— . o . e , cool and cleanse the blood. A Single Set Is often sufficient to
Trie Oct 9I« core the most torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating ekin, scalp,
and Mood htimonrs, with loes of hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world.
BrtC»h Depot: 27-38, Charterhouse Sq M London. French Depot: 6 Rue de,la Paix, Farts.
Potter Dhco axd Cecil. Coep., Sole Propa., Boston, U. 8. A.
CUTICORA RESOLVENT PILLS odorless* economical substitute for the ce)e !
brated UmidCunc^A Rtoolvent. as well as for all other blood purifiers and »»imour
cores. Put up in screw-capped pocke. rials, containing tbe uzae number of doses as a
60a. bcttleof liouid Bssolttst. price. 25c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i-f*FPK^P9 Of Impostors. THE Gtust uiN"5
Ma.yerl«'s Glasses cannot be haJ
%2tsS>' from travslins ontlciacs; must bo
ordered DIRECT from the OK-
IOINAL GEORGE MAYERLE. 1071 Market
•treet. near 7th (opposite KlbernU. Bank). G«-
m&D Eyewater 50c. Telephone Soutb 67i
220 BROADWAT. N. Y.
Best INAYUrfAL Alkaiinoi Watci*
Latest novel- 1 £> A HP* T 1 n A A A/" TOR -
gig SATURDAY jgssgg|
*y- specials. ;r g
BIG HOSIERY DAY. CORSETS. \
... •
A drummer's sample line. Selling - to-day at , LADIES!— Tou may have
OTILDREn's RIBBED or lfic Women's best your choice to-day of our
?2iVS HoIe ?H S ° es^ l C* C Quality 25c excellent $1 BO CORSETS,
worth as high 'as 05c; on HERMSDORFF HOSE. Any style or size you may
sale to-day at |O1^ plain, ribbed or lace, all desire at «P| f\f\
I25.'C sizes. tJ>l«VfU
isaiUSLINUNDERWEARBir
sale at / *I>' .. LARS; from
r '5c. [ SPECIALS. [ J* ml*
WOMEN'S DRAWERS. WOMEN'S GOWNS.
LIN DRAWERS. They collar, yoke of embroidery, trimmed
• always sell for 75c. Some are SeV 1 £K\ffi5«S$ e 'i^K? yoke
tucked and flounced With pretty and trimmed with hemstitched ruffles.
openwork embroidery; others Qfi r 'or pretty fi.so cambric
have Loie Fuller flounce inserted . tFOV* gowns, made with laca or
with two rows of linen: Torchon a %rt&.*% "g^g
lace With ruffles of same. I lace or embroidery. _"
Women's Shirt Waists.
75c. -A SILK 95c.
FANCY STRIPED WAIST SPECIAL. A handsome lot of stylish
rnl ' v ' i ¦ kU*"*"" WHITE LAWN WAISTS
CHAMBRAY o r CQ OR For elsgant composed of $1.25 and $1.60
Gingham Shirt S^^VaIS^^ Tu^'and^ws y
Waist, marked from the newest styles and Insertion or allover lace
«t nn and «t e- colors; tucked, hemstitched fronts, placed on our
?I.OO and 5>1.25. — C c and trimmed with, tiny counters to- n E i
to sell to-day at J*J*-> black,«Uk buttons. , day at ......' OOC
C RIBBONS! ] RltfBuNS! MBBON >! RIBBONS! "
SPECIAL TO-DAY SPECIAL, TO-DAY SPECIAL TO-DAY - SPECIAL TO-D AT
15c Imported Fan- iJRc Lustre Taffeta 20c Liberty Silk- 25c Satin Taffeta
cy Striped Wash Ribbon. 2^ inches Wash Ribbon. 3% Ribbon 4U, Inches
. Ribbon at 8c. . wide, at 10c. in. wide at ia^c. wide, at 10c.
°~~"~ TiqueTipes" | children's Sailor Suits. Dress Skirt Spailal. '
selling at the following Jaunty little $2.00 Extraordinary
sale day prices: CHIL- SAILOR SUITS, Off en"
/ DREN'S DOUBLE CIRCU- maf »- n f fi n - i; nprl " .¦ .V TIcn « /
' LAR CAPES, lined with J"?J* ?! fiftS &M stylish BLACK
fine, Marseilles and' trim- trimmed AVlth white SERGE SKIRTS, made
med with three ruffles of Hercules braid, larpje with flare flounce; trim-
wide embroidery: . •¦¦ sailor collar and "tie; me , d ""^h satt 2 bands
$2.00 Capes _ at.. «1.25 ,.;.„..>.., Dnsalp and ' rows ' of tailor
. S2.50 Capes at. 1 . »1.50 r Sizes 4 to 14- Un , sale stitching. On C3 Ja
\ $3.50 Cnpes at. .$2.25 ' to-day at . . ... .$1.XO sale to-day at m><J«* J
Q — ' t
Women's Women's Undervests Children'sUndervests
Undervests At 4S Cents. and Pants
• i» tk- r*ntc Medium weight: fine ¦ >-j At 23 Cents.
H'la.wnjs., ribbed: trimmed with fan- Allsizes: Kray or ecru:
¦ .Cotton lisle; half sleeves; cy silk stitching; -regular perfect finish: fine ribbed;
white: regular. price 25c. -price 75c. • . resrular price 40c.
* Neck :jj^JSg?gg^:; -Beaded I
Ruffs. M||B^ Bags.
$2° r NOVE*L- ffi^ J9.Xk.^^F mSr ular NOVEL-
TIES ' In ¦ black AfXjtrt a rt.4 ji -nn > nTrnm nm '¦ ' TIES of the
°r t whUe.Llb- 1212-1214 MARKET ST., " . season; all S iz-
Chiffon Neck' Between .Taylor and' Jones.' . '" '..' es"; ,r e g u 1 a r
Ruffs.. • OPEN TO-NIGHT , : UNTIL Ul O'CLOCK. price $2.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Hale's.
Hale's.
NO POISON
Has Ever Been Found
in the Enamel of
AGATE NICKEL3TEEL
KifdienUtenals
TheBLUE LABEL
Protected by Decision of United States Court
Pasted on Every Piece
PROVES IT. .
If substitutes are off ercd, write us
This trade-mark Is on every piece
of genuine Agate Ware.
Sbld by First-class Department and Hoase-
faraishln? Stores. Send for new Booklet.
LALANCB & GROSJEAN MFG. CO.
5IT7TOWC BO8T0S CHICAGO
Store Closes at 6 To-day.
Hale's: Where Women Go
To-day for outing clothes; or, Sunday fixings.
SUITP Silk-lined V es $16.50-918.75-^22.50-924.75 or pexca-
line.linedonesat?0.75-912.75-914.75_just about wholesale
VE1XI2TGSP 50c Chiffons at 25c— Hosts of other styles as well as
plenty of green veilings that has jumped into such favor all at once.
\
t>«^_^_ • „ ¦'I—.
i J^ Another Offering of * hmmmmistxmm^^'
1 Dollar Gloves 8ocg||^^g
"FT.OF0D0BA"— A splendid German j^^^^^^S? :*:"-;'
Lambskin k1ov 9 made by a way-up man— a maa Bg^EgS ~\?. ¦.< ,.._.
who doesn't turn out cheap gloves. H« usws ggEg=g= —
f[~~ selected skins; has them tanned and cut and y^jg3«= =?
/ sewn by same men who make more expensive li^^^S*^^.
I ones. He puts so much in them he wants -to j - "I
I get a good deal of trade from them. So do we. L HMMM | MMH M)Si RHnaaa^
L- — . . " i : ~.
Imitation Hawaiian Hats|iic. v *
They are just the thing for summc wear— come in natural shades, broad
brims— fine for camping or country wear. If you buy a scarf we'll put it on
charge.
¦v.'Straw Shapes 29c. 25c Wire Frames 9c.
4 styles — in either castor — brown Thi3 season's shapes — black or
— white or black. white.
Children's 61.25 'Ready-to-wear Hats 60c.
This summer's shapes and styles, white with red or blue ribbon bands.
Children's Hose s un V ne ''' s r ,
io cents pah^ j Toilet Requisites.
? A trnnrf f ae t hiark stockinz ? Creams and powders to counter-]
vi^hof t° siis-m b edi C um weight- g? the wind and sun. Also brush-
fine ribbed-long and clastic- £ c °»l». soa P or- mirrors for
e*tra double knees-sizes 6 to ?SlS ta H? A S«£?vSSSS R »
3V2 — «pl.-IU dozen. / large bottle; an exquisite toilet prep-
n-/» » t» 77 • - . aration: 23e bottle.
Women s Balbriooan witch HAZEa>-Lan« **«•: gO od
for all eeneial purposes; 10c bottl?
Hose 12\c. CI D ?a T c? E b?i 8^V s^7 Good *»*"¦• *»
Unbleached - seamless - me- B £o«i£ UM - DouMo ' dlstlI1 «*: *<*
dium weight — long and elastic — tooth powder— Antiseptic; isc
sizes Stf to io, $1.3S dozen. co^« le - CREAjr _ Aayoo &**&-.
Vt/*n-Mon 9 o TTneo 1 nf/» J arse 8 ' 2e tln - 3Sc ' regular vrice lOc ]
\V 07)1071 S JlOSf} IOC. TOILET SOAP— Petromilk; three cakes
t-. . . , . , in a box; 5c box.
Fast black — seamless — talcum powder— Bailey's c»ie-
MacO COtton — fine gauge — brated Powder; _ softens and pra-
smooth finish-extra long and gKhne-^ cttSff'ter
elastic — shaped and narrow ttWI?* and me<llc ' n ai use: ioc bottle.
ankles— double soles, heels and H ul R q B 5ftl?lJ|r Pu ™ brlstles: ""
toes — sizes 8 T / 2 to IO — 91.63 HAND MIRRORS— Bevel-«di?» plate
dozen. Slass: round, with handle, 25c.
¦ A ALMOND MEAL— Woodland Vtol«f
*- ' U large siz* glass Jar. 25c.
*rft tSTT JS9T jn* • •¦'¦ CAMPHOR ICE— Vaseline 10c."
€*m*^ /ffl A PIXOLIUM or VASELINE POMADE—
1 Compare the 1
I '"¦/ Little. Cigar - I
I with any other brand I
I and you will find that I
I its quality is unequaled |
1 and that it is also the 1
1 biggest little cigar 1