; Continued on • Page Three.
Continued on Page Three.
Ex-Congressman Vance Dies.
NEW BRITAIN, Conn., June 1&— Robert
J. Vance, former Congressman and editor;
of the New Britain Herald, Is; dead' at
Montserrat, N. ; C. He "had been; In poor
health for many months. ' •'¦¦
The owners of the two rich properties
are comparatively poor men. The nug
gets Morrell showed to-day were of al
most virgin gold and had but little quartz
in them.
starting.
The American quartz property nearby
has struck a five-foot vein, the face of
which looks as though gold was literally
peppered into it. All Sierra County is
excited, and prospecting parties are
NEVADA, June 16.— Evln Jones and
Lawrence Evans, owners of . the Steam
boat property near Alleghany, have
struck the famous red channel and are
taking out rich gravel. Nuggets of from
one to seven ounces are not rare, and
coarse gold Is thick. Morrell was in
Nevada City this afternoon and. exhibited
the gold.
From Two Claims Near
" . Allegheny.
Nuggets of Virgin Gold Are Taken
RICH GRAVEL STRIKES
EXCITE SIERRA
Pearsall is believed to be wealthy. He
has made about $200,000 during the last
year, which he has given to his wife. His
judgment creditors have endeavored to
reach . this fund on supplementary pro
ceedings, but without success. Pearsall
has been sued oftener than any other
man ; in Humboldt County. He ha3 threo
civil suits pending and has just concluded
three others, al> having been decided
against ' him.
The charge grew out of the civil action
of B. F. Durphy vs. C. E. Pearsall, tried
recently before , Judge Wilson. It wad
sought to set aside an agreement made
by Durphy on the ground of duress. It is
alleged that in this action, which went
against Pearsall, he swore falsely in that
he said on the stand that he did not give
J. N/.~ Glllett, ' his attorney, the marriaga
certificate of B. F. Durphy and Margarat
¦Ryan, -which was used to convict Durphy
in the Oregon courts of polygamy.
"EUREKA. June 16.— C. E. Pearsall. one
of the best known timber land promoters
on this coast, was to-day held by Justice
of the Peace R. W. Rideout to answer to
the. Superior Court on a charge of per
jury. The preliminary examination had
lasted the greater part of a week. _
to a Charge of Giving Fal3e
Tesimony.
Man of Many Lawsuits Must Answer
CAPITALIST PEARSALL
IS HELD FOR PEEJXJBY
. : .Thc; center "of '• the'fire was -in the after
part of the vessel. .'It first; broke V out in
hatch No. 4. The first intimation came at
2:S0 a: m. of May" 28. It was reported to
Captain, Gibbons : that; smoke ¦was . coining
out of ' tUe after; ventilator. " Captain Gib
bons immediately jvent below and tried in
every way to learn 'the cause and see if
his 'vessel was in.any danger. Although
the gas and smoke could.be smelt,' there
was absolutely no signsof fire. The coal
was so loaded t that; it -was .impossible .to
dlg.down ', and get at-' fhe /center of r the
combustion ; so after making a careful in
spection' without finding, any evidences of
fire, it was decided by Captain Gibbons ta
batten", down .the ' hatches arid 'try to
HATCH IS BLOWN HIGH.
.. Every, effort was ,made, however, to
smother. the fire and save the vessel, but
twenty- four hours soon showed that tho
fire was beyond all possible hope of con
trol and . no human power could be 'found
to cope with it. ¦ Time and again Captain
Gibbons and his men attempted to batten
tlown^ the af terhatch, but every attempt
was followed by the tarpaulins being
blown off.!; . . , ¦
, In the opinion of Captain Gibbons, spon
taneous combustion caused the fire in the
cargo ofcoal. '. Once the.air got ,to th«
coal, after .the hatch had been blown off
and a; draught began to get ' In Its /work,
there . was : no . hope of leaving jthe vessel.
In fact, .Captain Gibbons realized that his
vessel was doomed at* 2 "o'clock on the
morning of- May 28, when he felt the hull
quiver with the explosion of 'gas that sent
the ventilators and after-hatch flying into
the air, clear, above- the very top of the
jigger topmast. .
off ; in a dingey, but ; were swamped soon
after; touching the . water. , All .were res
cued by Captain Gibbons' boat and were
landed with him 'at Makaweli.
COLOMBIAN REVOLUTIONARY
LEADERS ARE DISHEARTENED
Chief Commanders Escape From the
Pursuing Troops and Arrive in
Venezuela.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad, June 16.—
The overthrow of the. Colombian revolu
tionists appears to be complete.
The leaders of the revolutionary forces,
Including Generals Urlbe, Phoclon, Soto
and other chief commanders, have arrived
in Cars cap, Venezuela., disheartened, after
escaping from the Colombian ' troops by
the Meta River. They were pursued for
eight days. They went first to Ciudad
Bolivar and hurried thence to Caracas,
•where they hope to obtain further assist
ance for President Castro.
Marries Widow of a Dutch Count.
LONDON, June 16.— Rutherford , Stuy
vesant of New York, a brother of Mrs.
Henri' White, wifo' of the Secretary of
the United States Embassy here, and the
Comtess* de Wessenaer were married to
day. The ceremony occurred at , St.
George's Chapel, Albcmarle street. Uni
ted States Embassador Choate and Mrs.
Ob.oa.te and members of the- embassy
staff and their wives, besides several of
the bride's relatives, attended. The bride
(a the widow of a Dutch Count
Sailors heave
Craft Near
. . ' ¦¦¦ :,. ¦ ' ¦¦-':;¦•• ' \,J '» :.V'v .
Kauai.
McKenzIe lives In the wild Tukanon
country, forty-five miles northeast of
here. As he lay on his face drinking from
a spring a rattlesnake jumped from Its
hiding place and bit him deeply on the
hand. McKenzie had no whisky, no caus
tic and no knife. Drawing his revolver
and placing the muzzle against his palm
he deliberately shot away the;bltten por
tion. Greenish-black blood rushed out un
til all the; poison : was drawn off.' It was,
thirty-six hours before he got to town 'to
have the wound dressed, but the heroic
surgery had saved his. life. .
rancher, was forced to do on Saturday.
WALLA WALLA. June 16.— There are
various expedients for the cure of rattle
fenake bites, but it is not often that a man
has to adopt the heroic plan of shooting
away the infected parts to save his life.
That was what James McKenzIe. a
sorts to Peculiar Method, of
Surgery.
Rancher Bitten by Rattlesnake Re-
SAVES LIFE BY SHOOTING
AWAY PORTION OF HAND
BRITISH . SHIP WHICH WA3
': DESTROYED BY. FIRE' AT
'SEA/ ' .'/;¦;,*,'
men in the gig did not. knpw" what land !
It" was' they sighted. " The'y knew it was
-land and- wer» satlsfied-with- that. -All the
boatswain" had to go by was a compass
and the order, of the mate when the boats'
left the ship— that he steer ¦ about east
'southeast..;,.-, i-. • -' ¦
- It was on Friday, morning, the 6th inst.,
and the eighth, day from the ship,: that
Nilhau was /sighted. It was not /untiT
Sunday morning, however, that the men
In, the gig were able to effect- a landing.'
On Friday they were very near Niihau
-«nd : saw some- men running along 'the
beach, .wa.ving. at_ them. -It was. impossible
to make ; a - landing, ;• for the winds were
not: favorable, ; and \ when the 1 tired and
wet J sailors' took to. the jj oara , and pulled'
for the shore .they,- found there wa3 T no
way of _' getting by the rocks. They . saw'
there-was no landing place there. i'.g£?x
: On 'Saturday ."^morning the .gig 'was fif
teen ; miles' to; leeward ¦ of | where she had
"been, the day v before. .; She sighted a flsh
lrig'bbatv on ."Friday r and Saturday, -but
did not get near enough to speak it. '
; ; On Sunday morning.the~~gig was off the
southwest .; point ; of Nilhau and a good
place^-for -landing was discovered. .Tho
ljoat ;was beached' with great effort, for
the.: men were. about {played out- .
,: I The men ; in . the gig had '¦ had nothing to
eat slncs-Frlday. afternoon and when they
landed there^were only two . or" three pan
ikins* ot. water left in the cask. They start
ed out in different, directions in search of
a house, but failed ito see signs of a hab
itation/of: any; kind. - •
'.'It' was,' while'.; they, were looking.: for
food . and ' water that they, heard the joy
ful whistle, of the Mikahala, which took
them aboard." .-••'Vv : =.
COMTLAIN OF FIRST OFFICER.
* - First (Officer.; David * Longwill - h a s \ been
charged with deliberately abandoning the
gig in an open sea^ leaving .the ¦four sail
ors .without sufficient* provisions and \re
fusing to, help* them at the expense of de
lay,;, to .hisr boat! ,The; British : Consul • at
Honolulu -was to~ have held an investiga
tion on the 'day .tho Alameda sailed." The
glg.was not] provisioned; and the man an
charge, . Boatswain 1 - James Robcrtsbn,-> was
not ' able, ' to ¦ navigate; Robertson says it
was -understood ? that Longwill , '- having a
lai'ger boat.vwas to take him in tow during
the, night* time. The iriate, on: the third
day, however, left} him . ',; Longwill states
that before leaving the gig He' extended an
invitation; ito the \ men ; to come ; into his
boat..* This r ls>denied;by .the] men. ••¦-;¦:
c -When v the .'burning'- ship was deserted
the' second xnaUfaad four a 6f the'raenput
Seamen Suffer Hardship
After Deserting^ -Vessel.
Ai um HE •¦' Oceanic Steamship "C6m- V
S ''pany's 'Altfrneda, ; that arrived
Ej. -.-. . Jn— port last night from-Honr.
B olulu,- brought news of the
JSL ' abandonment and destruction
. by -fire of the British four-;
masted bark Fannie Kerr, commanded by
Captain Charles Gibbons. The flames,
were first discovered in a cargo t of ..edal
on May *28, when the vessel, was about
800 miles' northeast of the Island of Kaual:
On the following day the captain .and
crew, realizing their inability to 3tcm the
progress of the flames and when : the
sheathed deck was smoking beneath their
feet, put off to sea. To them the fate of
,the Fannie Kerr has yet' to be told.
Whether she Is a dangerous derelict, her
hull being of iron, or-whether ehe has
gone to the bottom /will only be learned
when some of the vessels that have gone
in search of j her ,/. return, to Honolulu.
.When night closed over the small boats
that contained the crew they saw, her In
the distance, , belching forth smoke and
flame and most of ,her rigging intact.;
jjfhe was steadily- sailing, out of view, > a
fire phantom' on the bosom of the. deep. •
Just after the three small boats bearing
.the crew had put off a terrific explosion
which rent the decks and spread j
flame from end to end of the vessel.,
From this flame 'poured a dense smoke i
that-enveloped the ill-fated ship" and blew
away on the wind to the leeward.
All the members of the crew were saved.'
They were brought to Honolulu on .the
steamer \ Mikahala from Kauai ' on the
morning of June 10. Tales of hardship and
privation were told at every hand. The
first boat, containing , the captain, second
and third officers and eleven of the crew,
put in at ; Makaweli, Kaual, on Friday
morning, June 6. The men, whjle- sore
from a cramped position : in the lifeboat
and drenched to the skin.'had not suffered
from lack of food. The first officer's boat,
that arrived at Waimea, Kauai, Saturday,
June 7, contained the first officer and ten
seamen. : • ' 7 ..
The boatswain' and, three. men in. the gig
are the men who really suffered the most.
After the third night the mate's boat did
not tow. tho. gig., '.'The boats became sepa
rated ;.and ;'the gig ; went ahead of • the
mate's boat. ¦ ... - . - ¦ "•'.-. - ' ¦ ' '
The gig sighted . Bird Island on the
morning of the fourth "day from the burn-
Ing wreck'. ' She lay : off the island -for ; a
couple of hours, > waiting • to see - if the
mate's boat wouidi,catch'up, ! but' there
was no sign of the boat. ; .
'j;The gig. then steered about 1 east-south
east,:finally sighting Nilhau/: although* the
' '¦ '.'- ' •' '•" \ .¦'•• ¦ -.•
Rorgerson was 19 years old and was
the cole support of his mother, sister and
brother. Mrs. Borgerson was divorced
about four years ago and since that time
Carl has earned a livelihood for the fam
ily by working in the transfer business
here. He was highly respected "and was
considered an. industrious young man.
That his only reason for committing sui
cide was that his mother subjected him to
the humiliation of arrest is the 'general
opinion of Mill Valleyltes. •
SOLE SUPPORT OF MOTHER.
Coroner Eden - was telephoned for and
hurried from San Rafael; An inquest was
held over ihe body. Mrs. Borgersdn was
present, but would not look at her dead
son. After the investigation as to the
cause of death, th«v Coroner Informed the
mother that the body could be taken to
her home. She refused to allow the re
mains to enter her house, and as a re
sult they were conveyed to the Morgue in
San Rafael.
About an' hour after locking up the-lad
the officer returned and found him dead.
He had taken tlie blanket off his bunk,
cut it into strips about two Inches wide,
and .then, tying the strips together, piaced
one eno overa rafter of the cell and faet
ened_the other. around his "neck. ,'Throw-
Thg his-wei^ht^&pori the rude rbpK he oied
of slow stranierulation. ', -
Young Borgerson, surprised and'humili
ated, remonstrated with his mother, urg-'
ing her not to send -to^im to jail. She was
unrelenting and ordered the officer to
lock him up. He was' taken to the town
jail and incarcerated.
SON PLEADS IN VAIN.
Despite the warning Carl went to San
Francisco last night and did not return
home until about 2 o'clock this morning.
He found the door locked, but succeeded
in forcing an entrance through his bed
room window. When the mother arose
this morning and discovered him in bed
she went downtown and swore to a com
plaint, charging him with disturbing the
peace. A constable went to the house and
arrested the lad.
Borgereon had several recent quarrels
with his mother about coming home late
at night. Yesterday she informed him
that if he came home late" again she
would lock him out.
Borgerson was arrested at an early hour
this morning at the instigation of hit.
mother, and after it was found out that
he had killed himself Mrs. Borgerson
vrould not look upon the face of her dead
son or even allow the body to be brought
into her home.
MILL- VAIjLET, June 16.— Carl Borger
son, a well known and well. liked young
man of Mill Valley, committed suicide in
t!x* local jail early this morning by hang
ing himself to the crossbeam of the jail
with a rope made of strips of blanket.
Precial Dispatch to The Call.
SEVERELY INJURED.
' Dr. Crumpton attended Miss Coughlin.
who is the daughter of John Coughlin. a
.prominent butcher of thi3 city, at her res
idence. After an examination he an
nounced that she had no bones broken,
but that she received several severe con
tusions on the head.
Herman A. Tubbs was the only surviv
ing son of Hiram Tubbs, founder of the
Tubbs Cordage Company. His sisters ara
Mrs. F. W. Hcnshaw. wife of the Su
preme Court Justice; Mrs. W. G. Hen
shaw, wife of the president of the "Union -
Savings Bank; Mrs. E. M. Hall Jr. and
Mrs. Greenwood. He was about SO years
of age, unmarried and lived with v his
mother at 2S6 East Twelfth street, East
Oakland. . Mr. Tubbs was a director of
the Reliance Athletic Club and the Reli
ance Gun Club, in which he always toox
an active Interest. Upon his father's
death he succeeded to the management of
the Tubbs Cordage Company and a large
portion of his father's estate. His moth
er, who is aged, has not yet been notified
of his death..
The Invitation was accepted and tha
three people had scarcely seated them
selves in the cart when the horse, which
was a very spirited animal, was fright
ened by the firing of the sunset, gun at
Fort Baker and started on a wild plunge
down the hill. The road half way down
the inclination comes to a sharp turn.
When the horse reached this turn he was
unable to. keep- .-his. feet and tumbled over
witfcrsuch great force -that be was killed
outright.
Many of the people on the- hill who
witnessed the accident immediately
rushed to the scene. When they reached
the turn an appalling sight mot their
eyes. Mr. Tubbs was lying in a small
gutter by the road side with his neck
broken. It was seen at a. glance that
he was dead. The ladies were both lying^
farther down the road, unconscious. For
a time It was feared that both were either
dead or dying.
The people who rushed to the scene of
tho accident did all in their power to
alleviate the suffering of the Injured and
to care for the dead. Dr. Arthur II.
Mays and II. J. Crumpton were sum
moned and after a hasty examination an
nounced that although Miss Coughlin and
Miss Dahl were both severely injured they
were net beyond the assistance of medical
skill. Improvised ambulances were se
cured and the injured women conveyed to
their^homes.
HURLED TO DEATH.
Herman A. Tubbs, vice president of tho
Tubbs Cordage Company and millionaire
property owner, was instantly killed last
night by being hurled from hi3 road cart
directly in front of his handsome new
home in Sausalito. The accident wa3
caused by his horse becoming frightened
by the firing of the sunset gun at Fort
Baker and running away. Miss Annie-
Dan), who was with Mr. Tubbs at tha
time, was thrown fully thirty-five feet
and sustained a fracture of the right hip
besides severe injuries to the head. Misa
Ella Coughlin, who was also of the party,
was hurled violently to the ground and
received severe injuries to the head that
rendered her>. unconscious for fully
half an hour. The horse which caused
the sad accident was instantly killed.
The accident was the tragic termina
tion of an evening dinner party to which
Miss Dahl and Mis3 Coughlin had been
invited by Mr. Tubbs. It occurred on
Central avenue, . in full sight of a score
of residents of New Sausalito. Central
avenue passes in front of the Tubbs resi
dence andjeads down, a steep* hill from
the rear of New Sausaiito to Old Sau
salito on the bay shore. At the conclu
sion of the dinner party Mr. Tubbs In
vited the ladies to accompany him, In his
road cart for a drive through Old Sau
salito. ' .
Senor Augustus Pulldo, the Venezuelan
Charge d'Affaires, has not received any
•.dvlces from his country touching the
progress of the revolutionary movement.
In his last mail he received a letter from
the Venezuelan Secretary of State, Senor
Ferrera. declaring that revolutionary
committees are using the cable connec
tions at Trinidad and Curacao to mag
nify minor insurgent victories "into ever
whelming defeats, of the Government
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jun<? 16.— Another day
Without advices regarding the situation in
Venezuela has brought the State Depart-
Ren'i dose to the point of asking that a
warship be sent to La Guayra. It is the
opinion here that the Venezuelan Govern
ment has cut oFT communication and that
Bowrn is unable to reply to
Hay'e message.
' In well-informed diplomatic quarters
here the impression prevails that the rev
olution which Is at present threatening
President Castro of Venezuela Is perhaps
the meft formidable of any • that has
arisen there during the past few years.
Nevertheless, as longas the revolutionists
cars fcc cenfmed in their movements to
outlying towns and can be kept from the
cer.tral points of administration, such as
Caracas or the city of Valencia, It is
thought here that there is no possibility
of final success of the opponents of the
Castro administration.
MAY SEND WARSHIP.
A Dutch warship p.nd the German
cruiser Falkc left Curacao to-day for La
Guayra.
The situation in Venezuela as these ad
vices -were cent indicate that a crisis is
r.ear at hand.
The people of Caracas were thrown Into
£ state cf alarm, and everyone began
buying provisions, apprehensive of a
eiege. -" -:
All the commercial houses at La Guayra
¦-iTVirs ~clc seer ttiet flay j»f thS'JJoin^aFdment"
anfl the inhabitants, .were pa^iic-strlcken.
Eventually tlte revolutionist? i . who num
bered about 400 men, were repulsed. They
destroyed the bridge at Boqueron, on the
Caracas (English) railroad, and stopped
traffic for twelve hours. The;* also cut
the French cable and the telegraph -wires.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao. J une
S.— Advices received to-day announce
that the Venezuelan revolutionists at
tacked La Guayra. the port of Caracas,
Eaturdar, June 7.- • The - Government an
swered by shelling Mairnquelia,' a suburb
cf La. Gutyra, from the forts ashore and
from the Venezuelan \ warship Miranda.
Only peaceful women were killed.
revolutionists. The insurgents have held
the town since June S. General Ayala
with TOO men in Coro has been besieged
fcy General Rierra.
ATTACK AND BOMBARDMENT.
D'jcharme is marching from "Maturln •with
.;. large force to strengthen Ciudad Boll
var, which Is still in the hands of the
Barquisimeto district is almost entirely
In the possession of the insurgents. Gen
eral Valetin Perez has sent 400 insurgents
fcy way of Barraleas. General Alexander
Four hundred Government troops who
landed at Eoro for the purpose of retak
ing Qulrra were completely defeated by
General Cercega. The Government lost
seventy killed and many wounded, be
ddes 150 prisoners taken. General Matos*
*rmj% which' is marching on Caracas, has
reached Carines en route to Guarico,
vhere reinforcements are waiting the rev
olutionary leader. Guarico was recently
occupied by a large body of revolution
ists, a portion of whom are now invading
the Carabobo district under commajid of
General Pedro CondcT
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, June 16.—
Otvlrg to the news of an exodus of a
largo number of President Castro's sup
porters from Venezuela, coupled with re
cent defeats suffered by the Government,
the revolutionists are hopeful of over
throwing Castro In the ensuing month.
Special DUrs-tch to The C&IL
His Companions Are
Seriously In
jured.
Even Refuses to Re=
ceive His Body Af=
ter Death.
Seventy Kilted and
Many Wounded
in One Battle.
Government Soldiers
Suffer a Severe
Defeat
Mother Causes His
Arrest for Staying
Out Late.
Hurled With Women
Friends From a
Road Cart.
Herman A. Tubbs
Meets Instant Death
.at Sausalito.
The Rule of Castro in
Venezuela May
Soon End.
Youth of Mill Valley
Gives Way Under
Disgrace.
RUNAWAY
ENDS IN A
TRAGEDY
COMMITS
SUICIDE
IN JAIL
ADMITS
DEFEAT
ON CUBA
President Abandons
the Struggle for
Reciprocity.
Finishing Blow Dealt
by an Invincible
Combination^ N
Root Accepts Blame
for the Bribery
v of Gomez.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL- BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON,* June 16.— Following
an announcement from the. White House
to-day that President Roosevelt had made
his last effort for Cuban reciprocity when
he sent / his special message to Congress,
the so-called ".administration Senators"
late to-night gave up the fight and con
fessed defeat on this, the greatest meas
ure of the session.
On|y the, obsequies remain. A bill will
be preparedfor fcurial by the Republican
members of the Committee on Relations*
with Cuba to-morrow. The wake will be
held at the Republican conference in the
marble room of the Senate on Wednesday.
The only remaining effort to be made will
be to shjf t the blame on Senators who
have openly opposed the bill, and to hold
them -up to the public as the real offend
ers. It is no secret, however, that the real
cause of this unhappy plight in which the
Republican party, finds itself lies deeper
than the open opposition of the "Boxers."
BEATEN BY COMBINE.
'In a long conversation to-night one of
th'e President's close friends in Congress
stated that the finishing blow, had been
dealt to this bill by three members of the
Cabinet; by the Republican National
Committee, through almost all its mem
bers; by a secret opposition of pretended
friends of the President in the Senate; by
the disclosures by F. B. Thurber; by the
early hostility of Speaker Henderson and
Representatives Payne, Dalzell and Gros
venor. ; - ; - '..
This was a combination that no" Presi
dent, however great and persistent, could
beat, and It. was only after a thorough
realization by the President and his real
friends that defeatand disaster were ad
mitted: r The - admission . came from the
c White' ilteu.se • in a v seml-o2HciaL'irmSunce-J :
I'irierit" this -afternoon in these words:'
' ."'-'it is now pretty clearly understood. that
the President' has done all he is going to
do as to ; reciprocity.' legislation. He is
through" with conferences and does not In
tend to follow, his recent special message
jwith further action" of any kind. He does
not feel that the defeat of reciprocity
would be a defeat of his own proposition,
and therefore he has no particular pride
or ambition^ . .
MAY NEGOTIATE TREATY.
President., Palma. of Cuba has Indicated
to". President' Roosevelt his conviction that
the 'rebate' proposition relative v to CufJan
sugar would be not only very objection
able-in itself, but would be extremely ex
pensive and almost impossible to carry
out In the distribution.
It is not stated how this proposition
wa3 communicated /to President Roose
velt, but it is assumed that- Secretary
Hay was the medium, having been ac
quatnte I by Senor Quesada, the Cuban
Minister, with President Palma's position
on this ' subject.
'.When it becomes apparent that there is
no possibility of an agreement between
tho Senate and the House upon the pend
ing reciprocity proposition, the President
probably will endeavor to simplify the
problem- by dropping the- House out of
the calculations and negotiating directly
with President Palma. It is true such a
treaty, would require the approval of two
thirds of the Senate, but it Is believed
that under the changed conditions this
¦would not be, impossible of' attainment.
PAYMENTS TO GOMEZ.
i Secretary i Root has assumed full re
sponsibility for the payment of money to
General Gomez by General Wood during
the : American, occupation of Cuba, and If
Congress asks j for j an explanation of tho
matter : he stands prepared to furnish
what. he r regards as the most convincing
proofs that 'the payments were dictated
by; the wisest statesmanship.
. At the War Department a high official
stated the position of the department iu
tlie matter as follows:
The conditions In Cuba two years ago wera
precarious..' }Jot a' Cuban believed that the
United' States Government ever "would with
draw: from Cuba, and the half- famished vet
erans.' of the Cuban army were In a dangerous
mood r and •clamorins for their pay. General
Gomez was the bead and front of their army
and had served the revolutionary cause as its
principal leader without having received a
cent of pay.. General Wood thought, and Sec
retary Hoot thought afterward, that General
Gomez was • entitled : to compensation; to a
home which was supplied him and In which he
entertained his comrades, and to an Income,
which , last .might be j^et down as~a small
offset to the money due Gomez from the Cuban
republic. . That', the Cubans themselves 're
garded the .matter in the same- light was
shown . by the ,' passage ' by the present Cuban
Congress, , amons the very first of Its acts, of
a bill' providing. a. liberal pension for General
Gomez. It . is believed ' that but for this as
sumption .of the- costs of ¦ Gomez's living' ex
penses, the conditions- in Cuba must have par
alleled those In the Philippines, and the United
States -Government, after. -fighting SDaln to
secure freedom t for -the' Cubans, might have
been obliged to turn on them the force of her
army.' .
.Tlie necessity ' being present. In Secretary
Root's view, .the only other point was the
legality and propriety 'of the payments. He
soon t satisfied . himself that : there was not the
slightest , doubt . on that score. " The • Military
Governor Tvas obliged . to 'assume the . responsi
bility for his disbursements and to exercise
REBELS
GAINING
VICTORY
BARK FANNE KERR,
ABLAZE ON OCEAN, IS
ABANDONED BY CREW
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOIiUME XCII— NO. 17.
The San Francisco Call.BEAUTIFUL. SPOT WHERE. TH& GRAND COUNCIL OF THE CATHOLIC
LADIES' AID SOCIETY WILL MEET, AND A PRIEST WHO WILL
TAKE A LEADING PART IN THE OPENING SERVICES.
Cyclone Sweeps Over Kurracheo.
BOMBAY, June 16.— A cyclone, accom
panied by a tidal wave, has swept over
Kurracheo, the principal seaport town of
the province of Slnde.
SUISUN, June 16.— Grasshoppers are
devastating the orchards In the neighbor
hood of Vacaville. Some of the pasture
land has been burned over to destroy the
pests. A few property-owners object to
having the" grass burned from their land
and a special meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors will be held to-morrow to take
action. Great loss will result unless
strenuous measures are adopted to de
stroy the Insects.
Grasshoppers Raid the Orchards.
William Morris, a member of the citi
zens' posse from here, was brought to the
hospital with his thigh shattered by a
rifle ball fired by a member of the party
from Portland.- Morris and a companion
were watching a bridge across . Salmon
Creek when they were mistaken for the
convicts by another person a quarter of
a mile away. Two shots were fired and
Morris fell wounded. He was sitting in
a crouching position and the ball struck
him in the front part of the thigh, crush
ing the bone. It is believed to-night that
the limb will have to be amputated. Mor
ris has a wife- and several small children.
The country surrounding Peedy's cabin
and the roads in the vicinity were thor
oughly patrolled by officers, and Sheriff
Marsh is convinced that the convicts re
mained in hiding in a strip of timber sur-.
rounding the cabin to-day. : -^
1 Deputy Warden Carson of the Walla-
Walla penitentiary was : - telegraphed for
and he will arrive here with bloodhounds
in the morning. Late this 'evening a ma
jority of 'the officers and-*-other» w«nt to
Vancouver for -rest and to.; await- the. ar
rival of the hounds, when the search will
be resumed in earnest to-morrow.-* . In the
meantime it would not be surprising to
many persons if the convicts .should at
tempt to reach the house of Merrill's rela
tives, and a watch is being kept by the
officers upon the house in which a half
brother and stepfather of the outlaw live.-
PUBSUEB, STOPS A BTTLL-ET.
AWAIT THE BliOODHOUNDS.
Peedy says the convicts talked inces
santly while in his cabin, telling him they
were Tracy and Merrill. A pair of shoes,
from which the soles were almost worn
away, a pair of overalls with several
inches of one leg gone, a coat stolen from
Dr. "White at. Gervals and two old hats
were found in Peedy's cabin by Sheriff
Marsh and the detectives.
Shortly before 8 o'clock, while I waa still in
bed. I heard a loud Taj> on my door. I got up
and opened the door end was confronted by
two men carrying rifles. They ordered me to
stand aside, which I did. They entered and
then shoved me down on the bed and tied my
bands and feet. They "built a flre In my, stove
and fried some baccn and ate breakfast, after
which they cooked all the bacon In the house,
about five or six pounds, and put it. with what
bread I had. into a sack. Each of the men
put on a suit of my clothing, a hat and a pair
of shoes, leaving their cast-off garments in my
cabin.
Before leaving they asked me If I had any
money and proceeded to search my pockets,
finding ?5. They then put a gag In my mouth
and went away, locking the door behind them,
saying they would send some one to release me
in a short time. 1 managed to free myself after
hard work.
LOSES AI/Ii HIS BACON.
Peedy, in relating his experience with
Tracy and Merrill, said: « .
After going a short distance from Pee
dy's cabin, Tracy and Merrill stopped and
changed their clothing for that they had
stolen. The'discarded garments, including
their prison shoes, were found by mem
bers of the posse later in the day. Among
the garments found' were several taken
from Dr. White, who was held up by the
convicts in Marion County. Thl3 makes
it certain that the posse is after the right
men
Tracy and Merrill appeared at the cabin
of a rancher named Peedy, about four
miles back of Vancouver, at 6:S0 o'clock
this morning 1 , bound- and -gagged him, and
stole his clothing and some loose gar
ments which were. In the cabin. Then they
went. away, leaving Peedy lying on the
floor. He was found by passers-by an
hour later and told his story.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 16.— Tracy and
Merrill, the^ escaped convicts; are now in
the .timber near: Vancouver, "Wash, and a
posse of nearly 200 men believe they have
the fugitives surrounded. •¦> -
Posse of Two, Hundred Men, Believ
ing Convicts Are Surrounded,
Await the Arrival of '
Bloodhounds.
Bind and (Jag Their Victim
I I and Garb Themselves in
His Clothing/
Tracy and Merrill Rob
Lone Rancher Near
Vancouver.
FUGITIVES
GET CHANGE
OF RAIMENT
Hake It Three Straight From
New York.
NATIOXAX, LEAGUE.
BOSTON, June 16. — Boston forfeited to
Pittsbur? to-day after four and a fraction
innings of »lay. The score then stood Pltt^
bury, 4; Boston. 0. Rain, which bad beti
threatening, came In a brisk shower after
¦ "Wagner had struck out. Cmpira Cantiilon re
fused to call the game at Captain Lons's re
quest. The Bostons adopted dilatory tactics.
After two of the visitors had sinxlcd and. ona
scored the crowd rushed on the field and be
gan to climb into the grand stand. Cantilloa
thereupon forfeited ths game to Plttsburg.
NEW YORK, June 18L— Cincinnati mada it
thrta straight from New York to-day. The
visitors rounded Ma.tthe.wson hard. Magooa
hit . him for two slnsles. a two-bagger and a
three-bagger. Attendance, 2100. Score:
r. n. e.
Cincinnati 6 10 3
New York 4 9 S
, Batteries — Thielman and Bergen ; SZatthew-
Bon and Bowerman. Umpire — Emsiiej^
.- PHILADELPHIA. June 16-— -Hath Jennings
made his appearance with Philadelphia, but
'that did not prevent Chicago from winning.
Fraser waa bit harcl In. the first tn-ninff. At
tendance, 1400. Scorw, — , . , . . ,- —
x R. H. E.
Chicago - 9 12 2
Philadelphia 4 '8 1
Batterle«i — Williams -and Chance; Fraser and
Dooin. Umpire — O"Day.
BROOKLYN. June 16. — Brooklyn defeated
St. Louis easily In the final game of the pres
ent serlea at Washington Park to-day. Dun
ham was knocked out of the box In the sixth
Inning, while Donovan held tha visitors down
to two hits. Attendance, 1500. Scon»: JBBTWJ
R. H. E.
St. Louts ~... 12 6
Brooklyn 12 14 4
Batteries — Dunham. Yerkes and CNell: IV.
Donovan. Farrell and Aheaxn. Umpires-
Brown, and Powers.
AMERICAN -LEAGXTE.
CHICAGO. June 16.— Philadelphia tried out
a new Ditcher to-day. He did well after tha
second inninjr. but was wild and received rag
ged support at ths start. Attendance, 2300.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 10 11 2
Philadelphia. S 10 4
Batteries — Griffith and Sullivan; Porter and
Powers.
DETROIT. June 16. — After the first inning,
when Detroit bunched six hits for & total of.
four runs, Orth had tha locals at his mercy
and but two hits were made off his delivery.
Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit ...... .....~. ...... ...... 4 S3
Washington ................... 6 8 3
Batteries— Yeagjer and Buelow; Orth and
Clarke.
ST. LOUIS, Jun« 16.— Cronia Bitched hii
first game for Baltimore to-day, but tha visit
ors ran the bases poorly and gave him lndi*
ferent support. Attendance, 1S0O. Score:
St. Louis ..„_......_.....,... 8 ji* </'-¦ •
Baltimore ...................... 5 13 .T.-S *
Batteries— Donahua and Su*4en; Cronia *ni
Robinson. ¦*
Cincinnatis Do Some Slugging and
EOSTON FORFEITS GAME
- TO THE PTTTSBTJItG TEAJC
SAN DIEGO, June 16.— Frederick Warde
opened his engagement in the Isis Thea
ter to-night. A large portion of ' the
house was taken by the local lodge of
Elks, and "after the show" Mr. Warde
was the guest of honor at a banquet in
Elks' Hall.
Elks Banquet Actor Warde.
'•¦ LOS ANGELES, June 16.— The sale of
the Guadaloupe ranch, in Lower Califor
nia, to a Los Angeles syndicate for a re
ported consideration of $250,000 is an
nounced. The ranch was sold for C. ! Fer
ris Flower, administrator of the Flower
estate. The ranch, comprising 13,320 acres,
geventy miles south of San Diego, is ihree
miles wide and nine miles long, with th<*
Guadaloupe River traversing its center.
The names of the purchasers will be
made public as soon as Incorporation pa
pers are filed. . / • ¦ .
Sale of Guadaloupe Ranch.
Califoraian Is Honored.
.PORTLAND. Or., June 16.— The Grand
Recorders' Association of the Ancient Or
der of United -Workmen to-night elected
the following officers: President, C. L.
Spencer of California; vice president,
Francis Buell Olsen of Minnesota; secre
tary-trx-aturer, Henry W. Miers of Mis
souri.
Both men have hitherto borne good rep
utations. Reyburn Is 68 years of age, and
his assailant 34.
Reyburn and Kutzman were wood chop
pers on the ranch of John O'Hara, in
Bennett Valley, about nine miles from
this city. They had been friends for some
time, but yesterday after both had been
drinking, a petty quarrel precipitated
trouble. According to Reyburn's -story,
Kutzman was. very intoxicated and was
the aggressor. Reyburn's statement . is
substantiated^ by that of John McKnight,
a wood chopper, who witnessed the affray.
Kutzman is alleged to have advanced on
Reyburn with a heavy picket, and at
tempted to strike him. The blow was
warded off. by the left hand of Reyburn
and the fracture of the wrist ' resulted. -
The next blow struck Reyburn on the left
Bide of the face. This felled Reyburn and
Kutzman dropped his club and began to
choke his victim. Reyburn managed to,
draw a knife from his pocket and with
this weapon gave his assailant ¦ what is
believed to be his death wound; In ad
dition to the three wounds in the lung,
six wounds were inflicted on the left side
of Kutzman.
SANTA ROSA, June 16.— Albert Kutz
man lies in the county hospital with three
deep knife wounds in his left breast. On
an adjoining cot' lies the man who did
the stabbing, Wayne Reyburn, with his
left wrist broken and the side of his face
crushed.
Mortal Wound From Man He
Attacked.
Bennett Valley Chopper Receives a
WOODSMEN FIGHT AND
BOTH ARE IN HOSPITAL
SAN JOSE, June 16.— Mrs. David De
vine, mother of Mrs. Morris M. Estee, de
nies emphatically the sensational story
tfJe^raphed frorn New York regarding the
death in- that city of a divorced wife of
Judge. Egtee. The latter was married in
this city, to Miss Devine thirty years ago
and has [ lived ever since with his wife,
•who is now with him in Hawaii.
Denounces Sensational Story.
A committee from William Tell Grove
No. 75, and Fraternity Grove No. 115 of
Napa, composed of Judge G. E. CaJdwell
'chairman), Jacob Streb, D. S. Kyser,
Frank W. Bush. John Acquisfapace, A.
Muzzio. L. Banchero and Joe Uboldl, has
made'-all arrangements for the entertain
ment ot the visiting Druids. On Tuesday
evening a- reception will be given the vis
itors in Armory Hall by members of the
local groves. On Wednesday night there
r.-ill be a banquet in the Palace Hotel in
honor cf the Grand Grove. The ball on
Thursday night will be given in the Fast
Xapa Pavilion. Business sessions of the
Grand Grove will close on Thursday af
ternoon. On Friday the visiting delegates
will be taken to St. Helena and shown
through beautiful Napa Valley.
XAPA. June 16.— The Grand Grove,
Vnited Ancient Order of Druids, will com
mence its session in Napa to-morrow. The
:ieeling-place will be Armory Hall, on
South Main street. A large number of
delegates are already in the city. About
500 are expected.
B*eut of Delegates.
Eapa Is, Ueady With an Extensive
Frosraajme for the Entertain-
DRUID ADVANCE GUARD
IN CONVENTION CITY
Owing to the fact that the Yaqui ris
ing has created such a disturbance and
many of the rurales have joined the
forces in the field, life is becoming unsafe
in Sonora. Many outlaws who have been
kept down by the forces of Colonel Kos
terlltsky have again taken to the highway
and frequent instances have been , recorded
within the past three weeks where Amer
icans have been murdered. For this rea
son, Americans who have ranch and min
ing Interests in Sonora are in hopes that
Torres will be able to put down the Ya
quis in short order.
When they were overtaken by the posse
a running fight ensued. The pursuing
party numbered five when it caught up
with the murderers, all of the rest having
dropped out. One murderer fell dead soon
after the firing commenced and the other
was riddled with bullets a quarter of a
mile farther on. One of. the posse re
ceived a slight wound. The dead men
were buried on the ¦ spot.
BOTH MURDERERS. SLAIN.
The murderers were greatly fatigued,
having kept to the saddle the greater
part of the time since leaving the Ward
ranch. They had stopped at several
ranches, and, at the point of their rifles,
compelled the proprietors to give them
fresh horses. Although exhausted, they
resolved to sell their lives dearly. '
The " alarm ' was ' given by one of the
servants- and a posse composed of all of
the Americans on the ranch and the bal
ance of the Mexicans soon assembled.
There were ten in the party. After mak
ing Mrs. Ward comfortable they hastily
took the trail- of the murderers, following
about two hours behind them. ! The as
sassins had taken the steepest trails into
the mountains, but the pursuing party
was persistent, following them day and
night until yesterday afternoon, when
it came upon them at a point . about
fifteen miles east of Cuchuta, a little
station forty miles south of , Douglas,
Ariz., on the Nacozari Railroad. .
POSSE -TAKES THE TRAIL.
They procured rifles and returned about
an hour later. Ward again refused to set
tle on their terms and they opened flre.
•killing him instantly and mortally wound
ing his wife, who died the next day. After
committing the murder , they mounted
their horses. and. fled. , ' ':.
Ward had large landed interests on one
of the upper branches of the Yaqui River,
about thirty^ miles east of Cos. He em
ployed many Mexican and Yaqui laborers,
but the latter had all left to join the In
dian uprising. Ward had made, a contract
with the two Mexicans to do some work
on the ranch. The men became dissatis
fied with the contract, threw it up and
demanded their money for what they had
already done. Ward refused to pay them
until the work was completed, and the
Mexicans left, swearing vengeance.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 16.— R. M. Ward,
one of the most prominent American
ranchers In Northern Sonora, and his wife
were murdered last Friday. Two Mexi
cans who committed the crime were run
to earth and shot after a three days'
chase. ¦ <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fugitives and Their Pursuers Spend
Two Days in the Saddle Be
fore the Man Hunt
' His Wife.
Pay Penalty. ; for Murder,, of
, American Rancher, and',
This indicates that Kilauea is not p.loruj
the seat of volcanic activity, but that the
fummit crater is flaming up as well. Cap
tain Mother of the steamer Noeau, who
brought the positive news here from Ha
waii of the outbreak at the volcano, saw
the reflection of volcano fires on Wednes
oay night, June 4, as his vessel lay at
anchor at Waipio. He supposed at that
time that tht- reflection was from. the tire
at Kilauea. but subsequent advices show
that it came from Mokuaweoweo.
Every indication points to a greater
violence In the volcanic disturbance, and
the past history of Kilauea gives reason
for the belief that the lava geysers will
>rive a continuous performance of indefi
nite . duration. The atmospheric condi
tions of the windward side of Hawaii are
nctiwably affected by some strange and
unusual interference, and even here in
Honolulu the air is dry, oppressive, calm,
and the stillness of pine woods reigns.
Neither mountain breeze nor sea breeze
seems capable of stirring the stagnant air.
Letters received from Waimea and the
Humuulu sheep ranch on Hawaii tell of
an outbreak of Mokuaweoweo, the sum
mit crater of Mauna Loa. On Saturday,
May 31, smoke and ashes were first seen
coming from Mokuaweoweo.' On Monday.
June 2. the smoke ¦was still coming from
the crater and on the following days.
Tuesday and Wednesday, lire was also
breaking forth.
Word has been received from F. Wal
dron, the manager of the Volcano House,
that the volcano was a grand sight. He
says "lourists who rushed up from Hilo
¦were delighted." From the looks of things
St seems that we are to have an active
volcano for eome time to come. The later
displays at night are much better than
tbose of the first outbreak."
Within two days the lava had risen 600
feet in Halemaurnau, which is the active
pit situated at tiie bottom of Kilauea.
The sides of this crater were crumbling
into the pit. filling it up in places. Boil
ing Java had burst through over the floor
of the gTeat crater and the greatest ac
tivity continued as long as the steamer
was in communication with the residents
of Hawaii. . •
HONOLULU, June 10.— Further confir
mation "of the eruption at Kilauea^was
brought to this city, J^ine 7, by the steam
er Kiiiau. which arrived from Hilo. also
by the steamer Helcne. Both reports tell
of startling activity accompanied by a
iiow of lava.
EoecSal Corresrondence of The Call.
Eruption at Kilauear Con
tinues, Without Any
Signs of Ceasing. .
Two Mexican Assassins
Slain in Runnitjg
Combat.
Fire; ¦ Bmpke and Ashes
jflLre Tfirb^rn Out by :
. Mbkuaweoweo.
DIE FIGHTING
WITH A POSSE
OF AVENGERS
LAVA GEYSERS
PLAY IN HAWAII
. .. ... _ _ . ....
SAN JOSE, , June 16.— A. Zicovlch, who a
few • years ago was ¦ engaged in an extensive
wine busiriesn, was to-day declared Insolvent by
Referee In Bankruptcy • W. ¦ A. ¦ Coulter. ,- ¦ -
HONOLULU, June '10.— The day -after
his arrival from . San Francisco Governor.
Dole issued a pardon for Walter G. Smith,
editor, of .the 'Pacific Commercial Adver
tiser, who had" been imprisoned for. thirty
days for contempt of court. ..The Gov
ernor's rreason for issuing the pardon was
that the punishment seemed to him to. be
excessive - and \ that 4 the .requirements j of
:the case had been, fully/met by the deten
tion of Smith for forty-eight hours.
Governor Dole Pardons Editor Smith.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding; or Protruding &1U*
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are autborUed
by manufacturers of. Pazo Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure any case of plleg.
no matter of how long standing. Cures 'ordinary
cases In six days; worst- cases In fourteen days
One application . gives ease and rest. Relieve*
itching instantly. .This Is a new discovery, and
13 the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee,' no cure. .no pay. _A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price,' 60e. ; If your druggist don*t keep
it in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall; Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture, the' celebrated,' cold i curt.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets.. -' • ¦ -.
¦ ¦
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
WILLOWS, June 16.-rCharles Welch, a
brakeman on" a \ south-bound fi passenger
train, met with a probably fatal accident
this morning at the gravel pit above Max
well. Welch was. on top .of a car,- at
tempting to set up an, emergency -braJce.
•He brought his car to. a suddem standstill
that threw him off, and -he fell in such, a
position that the cars following passed
over him,' cutting off one leg and' mang>
ling one arm. A special engine and one
car started immediately. with the injured
man for the railroad hospital in Sacra
mentd. ,
Brakeman \ Fatally Injured.
POCATELLO, Idaho, June 16.— The Fort
Hall reservation will be opened to settle
> nient at noon to-morrow. There are some
2000 miners and homeseekers in Pocatello
to-night ready to make the rush, and
I probably as many more are at various
points along the outer boundaries of the
reservation.
;' The Indian police have put several hun
dred "sooners" off the reservation»to-day
-and some dozen who persisted in return
ing were taken to the agency at Ross
Fork and locked up. . : t
:¦ Pocatello has gone wild over the min
eral supposed to exist on the reservation,
and the big stampede from this point will
be for the hills. An undercurrent of ex
citement- prevails to-night, and, as • it is
known that in many instances dozens of
.men are after the same ' prospects, : there
.is danger ¦ of , collisions and grave fears
of trouble are entertained. The race to
'the land office at Blackfoot, from twenty
;flye to. forty, miles from the land, will be
exciting. A special train will run from
McCammon, but a number of prospective
settlers propose to make the race on
horseback and expect' to beat the train
from McCammon to Blackfoot, a distance
of forty-five miles. With relays of fast
horses, they say, they can ride • the dis
tance in two hours and forty minutes.
Danger of Serious Col
lisions at Fort Hall
Reservation.,
INDIAN POLICE
EXPECT TROUBLE
Company A, First Regiment, of Oak
land, arrived on the. noon train to-day,
accompanied by its band of twenty pieces,
and after parading through the business
portion of the town marched to-tbe camp
and pitched its' tents. -.- ¦ -
The camp ground is a beautiful grove
of oak and madrone trees, just outside
cf the city limits. A neat .pavilion has
been .erected :for the literary exercises,
and preparations made for a huge
campflre to tako place to-morrow • even
ing. An interesting programme has been
prepared for each day.
Philip Stoffal of Healdsburg is: camp,
quartermaster, and he is a veteran 'who
knows his business.. The ladies of Roah
oke Circle, Ladies of the Grand Armyof
the Republic, of : this city, will act as a
reception committee. A daily paper will
be published in the camp, and; besides
chronicling the daily misdeeds of the "old
boys, ' will announce the special pro
gramme for each day. ¦ -.¦¦....,-. »
Dr. J. R. Gregory has been- appointed'
camp surgeon and will be provided with
all necessary hatchets, meat. ,saws and
sticking' plasters. • . - ¦ ; ; .;'; . • ," . ...
' The officers of the assdclatlon/are: Cap
tain. C.L. Kimball, Healdsburg, presi
dent: Judge A. J. Buckles, Fairfleld; vice
president: Judge R. F; Crawford, . Sarita
Rosa, secretary and camp adjutant; .' . ".
says at every encampment the "Broom
stick Brigade" of the Lady Veterans' Aid
Association has tried to capture that gun;
but up to date its colors have never been
lowered. . -- . . .
Healdsburg Has Hearty
Welcome for Old
Soldiers. t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, June 16.— Healdsburg
is putting on her patriotic garb of red,
white and blue and "Welcome, Veterans"
is the password of the day. The sixth an
nual encampment of the Veterans' Asso
ciation of Northern California will com
mence to-morrow at Camp Matheson.
Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano County
ex-rived last Friday with his family, ac
companied by . his' famous and invincible
"Buckles Battery" of one gun. The Judge
Frund is to be the celebrant and Rev.
Father Hennessy master of ceremonies.
The council is to be opened by Rev.
Father McNamee of Santa Cruz, who has
had the honor of opening every Grand
Council at Del Mar. The address will be
given by Rev. Father Hudson of Gilroy.
To-morrow morning at 8" o'clock the
council will open with" a' hign mass -in
the parlors of the hotel. Rev: : Father
Much regret is expressed at the inabil
ity of Past Grand President Mrs. Marga'
ret Deane to be present. She is il; in San
Francisco. . - >
CAMP AWAITS
THE VETERANS
SANTA CRUZ, June- 16.— All day
long Catholic ladles who are in
terested in the cause of charity
have been, arriving at Santa Maria
del Mar t6 be present at the fif
teenth annual grand council of the Cath
.olic Ladies' Aid Society, which is to ba
in session this week. Much work in the
cause of. charity -will be transacted, plans
discussed and reports heard, j The last
year has been an especially prosperous
one, and much has been accomplished
among the poor, while future good deeds
will be given an impetus by these, noble
women. .. . : . - ._....
The grand president* Miss Julia "Weber,
arrfved to-day .. from .Stockton, and the
grand secretary and treasurer, Miss Mary
Conlan, is here from San Francisco. A
pleasant featue of this annual gathering
will be its social life. All of the delegates
stop at Hotel delMar, which during this
week .is given over almost entirely to
them. The days are. devoted -to the busi
ness sessions and the evenings to enter
tainment.
THE S^N FEANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, JUJsE 17, 1902,
2
Xjrand Council of the Aid Society Will fleet T6=Day at
7?r Beautiful Santa Maria del Mar.
CHARITABLE CATHOLIC LADIES
GATHER T0 PLAN GOOD DEEDS
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Has Proved a Blessing to All
Ranks and Conditions
of People in
Summer.
PAINE'S
J a.
."A few years ago I .yrcnt through a sur-
gical operation. After being in bed for
four months I was able to be up, but was
exceedingly weak and worn, nervous an<l
unable to sleep or eat. My physician pre-
scribed Paine's Celery Compound, and I
at once began to feel stronger. After
using a few bottles my health and
strength were completely restored, and I
ahi glad to give this testimonial in Its
favor."
The success of Paine's Celery Compound
in banishing the Ills and diseases that
fellow people Into" the summer time has
not been confined to any particular class
of society. Men esteemed In business and
professional life, mechanics, farmers,
women leaders in society, and the wives
and mothers of humble homes have all by
voice and pen contributed strong testi-
mony In favor of the medicine that re-
stored them to health and strength.
When Paine's Celery Compound Is used-
there is no more neuralgia, rheumatism,
dyspepsia, stomach derangements, liver or
kidney troubles. The. blood once foul and
stagnant Is made fresh and pure and
courses with a regularity that brings
vigor and happiness. The use of one bot-
tle is often sufficient to establish a health
robust enough to combat the dangers and
perils that are common In hot weather.
Mrs. A. T. Lermond. Chicago, 111.. Cor-
responding Secretary of the W. C. T. U.,
tells of her complete restoration to health
through the uso of Puine's Celery Com-
pound. The great medicine was pre-
scribed by one of Chicago's ablest physi-
cians. Mrs. Lermond says:
to Health.
Chicago Lady Restored
A Prominent and Popular
PAINE'S CELI^re COMPOUND.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oekland Off ice-54- San Pablo Ave,
And let "any old thing" In the way of
laundry work serve your purpose.
"The apparel oft proclaims the man"
and every parcel of yours that passes
through our hands will proclaim you a
DON'T BE A DUNCE
A TKirst
Q\ier\cher
Horsford's Acid Phosphate
is far superior to lemons as a
thirst quencher that really
satisfies. It is a wholesome
and strengthening Tonic that
relieves the lassitude and de-
bilitated condition of the sys-
tem , 60 common in mid-
summer. Insist on having ~^
Horsford 9 *
Acid
PHospH^te
Etttfortt attM «a t»try GZ3CXXE packet
* " iv ff H n V #
I NwtnbBi* of
I ZINE ; J CLEVERNESS \ |
iV ¦ |l| ' lllf - • " " ¦ i^.
Ladies' I
Summer
Lest some ladies do not know / <|g fB£Jgj3fLjgSfr 1|
that we carry their hats in a va- / • ||
ried assortment, we offer partial- Caw tjg%pggS85gS £ |j
larly attractive values so as to jT' f^^^^^^r H
customer brings two or more ) R
others, and the business grows in V —r^-^—7-^^^ V
yacht shape hat. It comes in . y C^Vf^p^Sv, I
of the hats have been marked /^a^ J' i
down from as much as $3.00. The /f'\J\ ¦ a
, Below we show a crash hat. They come^with- plain or - pajj-
garee bands in white, tan or straw color crash.
Also Fedora jhaped outing hats, made of unbreakable ma-
terial: bands to match; very swell and serviceable hats. * *
/;;--^/ Either of these haj:s for i
¦">>^*' xTlr^^g^L Cut-of-iown orders filled—became the conviction of the
listeners that Yeakey was killed by young
William Middleton just when he was
striving with all his might to carry out a
boasted plan of wholesale murder. Yeakey
sought the lives of p'retty Cassie Clawson,
whose love for him had waned, and of the
young man who had proved a successful
rival. In his reckless course he proposed
to kill any one who crossed his path, and
it was declared by witnesses that he did
attempt to murder Mrs. Dora Thorn
brough, who was saved solely by the fact
that, unknown to Yeakey, Cassie Claw
son had deftly extracted the five cart
ridges from his revolver. It was shown
by the evidence that John Yeakey, the
40-year-old man ' of family, repeatedly
swore that he should before morning kill
both Cassie Clawson and William Middle
ton. *A11 of the -witnesses who were at
the boarding-house of Mrs. Dora Thorn
brough, where the tragedy occurred, unite
In repeating Yeakey's half-crazed threats
and declaring that Middleton fired only
when Yeakey sprang up the steps at him
¦with the cry: "I will kill you, too, you
REDDING, June 16.— After several
vdtnesses had been heard at the
Coroner's incjuest over the body
of John H. Yeakey to-night, it
Continued From Page One.
PRESIDENT ADMITS HIS DEFEAT.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 16.— The
sixth week of the anthracite coal miners'
strike began to-day without a ripple to
disturb the calmness of the situation.
The rain fell nearly all day, which helped
to keep the more than 150,000 men and
boys indoors. Several reports of assaults
on workingmen and coal and iron police
men were received from different sections
of the region. No one was seriously in
jured:
It was expected that to-day would wit
ness the refusal of a large number of fire
bosses and other mine bosses to go to
work, but the best information obtain
able shows that the number of men who
quit was not large. . However, President
Mitchell and other leaders assert that
nearly all of the men that were at. work
on Saturday refused to go into the col
leries to-day. ..'...-
Casper Clark of Toledo, president of the
International Team Drivers' Association,
came in for some attention by labor lead
ers to-day. He submitted to an interview,
in which he said his organization would
do what it could to help , the striking
miners.
There was a revival to-day of the story
that the Central Pennsylvania soft coal
miners would be called out very soon, but
President Patrick Gilay of the Central
Pennsylvania district reiterated what he
had said yesterday, that the Central
Pennsylvania men would not be called
out exceot as an extreme measure. He
thought "a curtailment of soft coal pro
duction in his district would be a more
likely action.
Some of the miners In his region, he
said, have already suggested to him that
the number of days' work be cut down,
thus cutting off a considerable supply of
soft coal that is coming- East. j
Some of the Fire and Mine
Bosses Fail to Report
For Work.
the Striking Miners
Indoors.
Heavy "Rainstorm Keeps
LITTLE TROUBLE
IN COAL REGION
YOUNG WOMAN FOR WHOSE AFFECTIONS TWO REDDING MEN
FOUGHT TO THE DEATH, THE MAN WHO WAS KILLED IN THE
COMBAT. AND HIS SLAYER, WHO IS NOW IN PRISON.
Continued From Page One.
BURNING BARK ABANDONED AT SEA
WINDSOR, England, June 16.— King
Edward arrived here at 6 p. m. from
Aldershot.
King Edward and Queen Alexandra
started for Windsor at 4:15 this afternoon
In a motor car. The King showed little
trace of his recent illness.
"King Edward caught a chill in the
stomach. He is much better, however,
although he will have to be careful. His
Majesty is also troubled with slight
pain."
Sir Francis Liking, physician in ordin
ary to the King, who has been in con
stant attendance upon his Majesty since
he became indisposed at Aldershot, is
pleased to get King Edward to Windsor
Castle, where he can receive better-atten
tion than at Aldershot.
King Edward lately has undergone
a regular course of massage for rheu
matism, which has troubled him as a re
sult of the bad weather. After arriving
at Windsor last evening his Majesty was
able to walk about the castle and receive
the guests whom he had Invited to a din
ner party. Those present at the dinner
included the Prince and Princess of
Wales, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke
of Connaught, the Duke and Duchess of
Devonshire, the Duke and Duchess of
Portland, the Marquis and Marchioness
of Londonderry and other notable per
sons. • ':-^y
No bulletin of the King's health has
been issued. His Majesty's physicians
are merely advising him to keep quiet
and to husband his strength as much as
possible. :
At Lloyd's yesterday there was a big
rise on the premiums on the King's life
and upon his chances of his being
crowned June 26.
ALDERSHOT, England, June 18.— The
Indisposition of King Edward and the in
cessant downpour of rain combined to
effectually spoil the. grand review of
troops here to-day. The King did not
leave the royal pavilion and was repre
sented by the Prince of Wales, who rode
to the saluting point, accompanied by the
Duke of Connaught and a brilliant staff,
comprising several Indian Princes, the
military attaches, Lord Roberts, the com
mander in chief, and the headquarters
staff. Queen Alexandra drove to the pa
rade ground in a closed carriage with the
Princess of Wale3 and the Princess Vic
toria. In other carriages at the saluting
point were the Duchess of Connaught and
many of the notabilities who ire visiting
England. More than 32,000 rain-soaked
troops marched past the heir to the
throne.
The Prince of Wales, conversing with
the Mayor of Windsor upon his arrival
here yesterday evening, said:
LONDON, June 17.— King Edward bore
yesterday's journey to Windsor well, but
it has been decided that he will not go to
Ascot to-day. * Queen Alexandra, How
ever, accompanied by the Prince and
Princess of' Wales and other members of
the royal family, will attend the races in
state. '
Illness Also Changes
Odds on Chances of
Being Crowned.
hot during the day that It was impossible
to stand on them. In addition to tha
heat and actual fiames the smoke and gas
were so dense that it was with the ut
most difficulty that Captain Gibbons and
his crew could work about the vessel.
Finally on the afternoon of May 20 th«
captain decided that it would be folly to
try to remain with the ship any longer,
so preparations were made to abandon It.
Before leavdng the vessel Captain Gib
bons had the wheel lashed to keep the
boat on a north-northeast course. The
three lower topsails and jigger topmast
staysail were left set. It was 4 p. m. of
May 29 that the boats finally shoved away
from the vessel. At that time there was
a r.ortheast wind prevailing and with an
ordinary sea running the vessel was
mo\'ing about the rate of a knot an hour.
Ihe Fanny Kerr was bound for San
Francisco from Newcastle, Australia,
with 37CO tons "northern extended" coal,
and had been out about sixty days. She
was built in Liverpool ten years ago, and
cost $375,000. It is thought by her captain
and others that she has remained afloat
and is a valuable salvage. The Inter
isiand Steamship Company and the
Wilder Steamship Company of Honolulu
are preparing to send vessels out in
search other. The value of her hull, it
It can be towed in, la $30,000.
The officers and crew are as follows:
Captain Charles Gibbons, master; David
Longwill. first officer; Thomas Miles, seconl
officer; Archie Gibbons (captain's son), third
officer; John Robertson, boatswain; H. Ranta,
H. Kollemann. Charles A. Richards. George
Rendall. Joseph Sanchez. D. Kentzel, Samuel
Murphy, Ed Carley. Morris Jones. H. Dobson,
A. Grotfend, "W. Munday. Charles R. Jones,
K. Hans. Ed Sullivan. T. Hartnett. "William
Barrows. Peter Green. Georjje Farley. C. Pe
terson. Benjamin Pearson, James Patrick Mur
phy, Prince Thompson, and Michael Colemaa,
seamen. ' '"¦ . '
LOS ANGELES, June 16. — On September IT
a special bond election will be held, to submit
to the voters of Los Angeles - the proposition
of incurring a bonded Indebtedness of $2,130.
000 for public improvements.
UP GO PREMIUMS
ON KING'S LIFE
Baroness Hallett . Secures a Divorce.
LONDON, June 16.— Baroness Hallett,
formerly Miss Sarah Anson Phelps Stokes
of New York, was to-day granted a di
vorce from her husband on the ground of
cruelty and infidelity. She left her hus
band in 189S because of ill treatment. She
tei?»!fled that on several occasions he
kicked her. The suit was not defended.
"Whether we reach an agreement or
not, we will adjourn by the 1st. If there
is no agreement by that time it will be
useless for the Senate to remain here try
ing to reach an agreement, j If an agree-
WASHINGTON. June 16.— It is still the
intention of the Republican members of
tho Committee on Relations with Cuba to
hold a 'meeting to-morrow for the pur
pose of conferring upon the question of
Cuban reciprocity, and whether there
shall be a caucus of Republican Senators
will depend on, a decision of the majority
members of that committee.. If they de
cide finally upon a bill and ask that a
caucus be called to pass upon- it the call
will be Issued and the caucus probably
wift be held Wednesday.
Several Senators who have a knowledge
of the condition of business in the Senate
said to-day that Congress would adjourn
by July 1. One of them who has been an
earnest advocate of reciprocity with Cuba
said:
to Consider Subject.
Committee on Relations With Cuba
REPUBLICANS MAY CAUCUS.
vorfftg punishment for violation of an in
junction through jury trial, not for the
actual violation of the Injunction, but for
the commission of the offense which tho
injunction seeks to prevent. There will
also be a plank on Cuban reciprocity.
The remainder of the platform will be
confined to State Issues.
Mrs. Yeakey, who is almost prostrated,
believes the Clawson girl, who formerly
worked in her home, tried to win her hus
band's love, but that he had only a
friend's interest in her. It is clear how
ever, that Yeakey was madly infatuated.
The Coroner's jury to-night returned a
verdict that Yeakey came to his death by
a gunshot wound inflicted by Middleton
Middleton waited and surrendered to
Deputy Sheriff Eckels and was locked In
jail. He said he acted solely to save his
life.
"You have shot me, but I deserved It."
He died" within a rew seconds. Two bul
lets had entered his chest, one severing
an artery. The third went through the
left hand.
clinched and struggled until Yeakey re
laxed his hold and fell to the floor, ex
claiming:
FOREIGN PORT,
VANCOUVER, B C— Sailed June 16 — Ship
Dashing Wave, for Skagway; Br stmr Empress
of Japan, for Hongkong.
HONOLULU — Arrived June 7 — Br stmr Mlo
wera, from Victoria, B C. June 10 — Schr Se
home. from nltrata ports.
Sailed June 0 — Ship Acme, for New York;
U S stmr Solace, for. Manila, via Guam. June
§ jj r Btmr Miowera. for colonies; schr A B
Johnson, for Port Townsend. June 10 — Schr
James Rolph. for San Francisco.
To sail June 10 — Ship Dlrisro, for New York.
ELEELE — Sailed June 6 — Schr Kohala, for
MAKAWELI — In port June 9 — Schr Kallua.
Sailed. June 6 — Bark Edward May, for San
Francisco. June 7— Schr Allen A, for San
HtLO — Arrived May 31 — Bktn Skagit, from
KAHULUI— Arrived June 2 — Ship Henry
Vlllard, from Newcastle, Aus. June 3 — Stmr
Hyades, from Honolulu. June 5— Stmr . Tam
pico, from Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
' Per etmr Alameda — June 14, stmr Sierra,
hence June 12, for Honolulu and Sydney. June
12 stmr America Maru, hence June 6. for
Honolulu, Yokohama and Hongkong. June 11,
passed a transport, bound SW. Saw a square
rlsser. Ion 145 W. lat 22 25 N.
DOMESTIC PORT. •
GR\YS HARBOR— Sailed June 15 — Schr
Sailor Boy, for San Francitco.
Arrived June 1G— Schr Vine, from Salinas
Cruz, lOii days passage. '
SPOKEN.
Monday, June 16.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, B days from
Mary C. Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
desa
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
ROME, June 16.— The complete success
of the negotiations between Judge Taf t
and the Vatican on the subject of the
friar lands in those islands appears as
sured, four out of the five Cardinals com
posing the sub-committee of Cardinals fa
voring the Governor's proposals. Cardinal
'Steinhuber, a Jesuit, opposes them. After
the completion of the negotiations an
acute conflict is expected between the
Vatican officials and the Filipino religious
orders regarding the disposition of the
money which the United States will pay
for the lands. The Vatican considers that
the money ought to be given to the pro
paganda, or society of Cardinals having
the care and oversight of foreign mis
sions.
Complete Success of the Negotiations
With the Vatican Appears to
Be Assured.
MAJORITY OF CABDINALS
FAVOR TAFT'S PROPOSALS
After these formal exchanges the Presi
dent shook the Minister's hand warmly
and expressed to him with unmistakable
earnestness the deep gratification he felt
at being able to greet as the first Minis
ter from the new-born republic of Cuba
the man he had known as a personal
friend in previous years. The Minister re
sponded in the same unconventional man
ner.
Secretary Hay also had cause for grati
fication. He recalled the fact that to-day
mr.rked the culmination of his own efforts
for thirty years. Hay was first secretary
of legation at Madrid when General Dan
iel Sickles was United States Minister
there, and Hay had to do then with tho
proposition to purchase for 5100,000,000 the
island of Cuba. He did not abate his in
terest in the subject or relax his efforts
when opportunity served to bring about
the result achieved to-day, when Cuba's
first Minister was recognized by the Pres
ident of the great republic of the north.
Mr. Minister: It Is with great pleasure that
I receive from your hands the letter of his Ex
cellency, tho President of Cuba, accrediting
you as Envoy. Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary from Cuba to the United States,
and acknowledge the President's cordial greet,
ing. You may assure him that I shall emit
no opportunity to draw closer the special ties
of friendship and association which already
unite the people of the United States to the
republic of Cuba.
I cordially welcome you. Mr. Minister, to
this capital, and am confident that your resi
dence here will materially contribute to the
good relations which both Governments are
arxious to maintain.
. Mr. ' President: I have the high honor of
handing you the letter which accredits me near
your Government aa Envoy • Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the republic of
Cuba. -It gives me pleasure to transmit to
your Excellency the most cordial greetings of
the President. Tomas Estrada. Palma, and his
fervent wishes for the continued welfare an«l
prosperity of the United States. Faithfully In
terpreting the sentiments of the Cuban people,
it Is his desire that the relations between the
two countries, strengthened by new ties of
mutual commercial Interests, shall be every
day closer and friendlier, aa they should be In
any case, by reason of the noble and disinter
ested conduct of the American people.
My constant alrn. Mr. President, will be* to
do all that Js possible, in order that the har
mony and fraternity between the greatest na
tion of America and the youngest shall be as
lasting as will be eternal the cult for the
memory of those who shed their blood that
Cuba might be. as She is to-day, a free and
Independent nation.
Appended is the President's reply:
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Senor Gon
zales de Quesada, the new Cuban. Minis
ter; ;was to-day escorted to the White
House by Secretary Hay and presented
his: credentials to President Roosevelt.
The new Minister was unaccompanied by
any attache. It had been expected that
the speeches exchanged between the Prsi
dent and Minister would be'important and
Interesting? but" the' exchanges were ex
ceedingly formal and conventional.
The Cuban Minister spoke as follows:
dent Exchange Speeches.
Gonzales de Quesada and the Presi-
FIRST MINISTER WELCOMED.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— In the Senate
to-day Teller of Colorado offered the fol
lowing resolution:
AVhereas, It seems' impracticable to prepare
during this session of Congress an Itemized
statement showing the collection and disburse
ment of all funds for the whole period of the
military occupation of Cuba; and f . m ._ f
Whereas. It la important- that a statement
be now made of the accounts hereafter named,
he Is hereby directed, to send to the Senate
th A 'full^temUed statement of all payments
made but of Cuban funds to any person or cor
poration, if any. for the purpose o/ Promot
ing "reciprocity" between the United States
and Cuba Tat any time during the military oc
cupation of Cuba by the United States^ and
whether such payments were authorized or ap-
Pr^n by of th Ne S vr r j e er^y° o&ed to Imme
diate consideration of the resolution and
it went over.
ciprocity Promotion.
Teller's Resolution Concerning Re-
AS TO PAYMENTS IN CUBA.
rcent is reached we can pass a bill by
th The St advocates of reciprocity say the
Republican conference on Wednesday will
determine what can be done. When it is
known just what the Republican members
of the committee offer it is expected that
it can be definitely determined how many
Republicans can be counted for and
asainst It.
It is pointed out at the War Depart
ment as a curious fact that Congress has
been in full possession of the information
that Gomez had been receiving those pay
ments for no less than two years past.
The War Department that far back sub
mitted to Congress the full statement of
all expenses in Cuba, and included in the
list was a statement of the payments to
General Gomez.
his discretion. General Brooke did this, and
after him General Wood, and Secretary ' Root
now fully approves of everything: they did, in
cluding the payments to Gomez.
The committee having the platform In
charge was to-night in favor of ignoring
the Kansas City platform and unless the
late arrivals to-morrow should cause a
decided change in sentiment it is not like
ly that the present aspect of the platform
will be changed. Other planks will be in
serted declaring In favor of , territorial
government in the Philippines, criticizing
the attitude of the party leaders on the
tariff, declaring against the interference
of the Federal courts in matters relating
to the revenue laws of Illinois, declaring
against government by injunction and fa-
The chances are, however, that ¦ the
Kansas City platform, and with it the sil
ver issue, will be passed over in silence.
The advocates of their recognition ad
vance as their chief reason for insisting
upon a plank to that effect that the
avowed policy of the party in the last na
tional convention should not be thrown
aside. On the other hand, the opponents
of roa ffirmation insist that there is a pos
sibility of a party split if the plank is in
serted, and that the chance of this is too
great a price to pay for sentiment regard
ing issues that do not enter directly Into
the coming State campaign.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 16.— Whether
or not the Kansas City platform is to be
reaffirmed, and who will be the chairman
of the next State convention, are the
causes of possible friction in the Demo
cratic convention which will meet to 1
morrow. The platform has already been
built in the rough, but will not be finished
and polished off until to-morrow.
The vessel was provided with steel
decks, sheathed with wood. These^got so
In addition to the afterhatch the fire
was seen to be leaping from hatch No. 3.
Captain Gibbons and his crew could
scarcely make their way through the
cloud of gas and smoke to the braces. An
attempt was also made to fight the
flames with water. Captain Gibbons had
the men turn a stream of water down the
natch, but ¦within a few minutes he saw
the utter futility of such a, course, so this
was stopped without delay. The gas and
fiames and smoke continued to make their
¦way from both afterhatches and the ven
tilators. There was gas from hatch No.
2 and smoke coming from No. 1. The en
tire forward -part of the vessel was cool,
for' the fire had apparently not worked
its way to that part. of the cargo. Had
the Gaelic or , some other vessel come
along and given the captain a line he
could probably have got the vessel Into
I port.
smother out the fire. He was standing on
the starboard tack and he decided to try
to make Honolulu. No particular signs
of the fire were seen during the 2Sth, but
at 2 a. m. of May 29 the entire crew was
aroused by hearing a terrific puff followed
an instant later by a brilliant glare of
light. The pent up gases had finally
found an outlet through hatch No. 4 and
the ventilators. The hatch was sent fly
ing high above the jigger mast, while the
ventilators were sent so high that no fur
ther trace of theni was found. Then the
flames began to shoot into the heavens.
The fire leaped high into the rigging, go
ing 150 feet into the air at the first bound
from the after-hatch. The tongues of
flames leaped also from the ventilator
openings. For some minutes the flames
seemed to poise in midair and then the
fire subsided somewhat.
SILVER QUESTION
CAUSES FRICTION
Just then William Middleton stepped
out. Yeakey sprang up the steps toward
him with a threatening exclamation. As
Yeakey advanced Middleton drew his re
volver and fired three times, all of the
bullets taking effect. Then the men
Mrs. Dora Thornbrough, who had been
watching, ran out and tried to seize the
revolver. Yeakey reached it rirst, and
pressing it against her throat snapped it
several times in an attempt to shoot her.
The woman dashed the weapon over the
fence, m
her, just as she says he had done for
three weeks. They stepped down the
sidewalk and the girl deftly snatched the
weapon and unbreeched it, allowing the
shells to drop out unknown to Yeakey,
and then returned it to him. At her de
mand Yeakey laid the weapon on the
ground while he talked to her.
At 10:30 o'clock Yeakey returned to the
Thornbrouph house and asked tor Miss
Clawson. She went outside, and Yeakey
drew his revolver and talked of killing
Ycakey's wrath knew no bounds. He
drew a revolver and said he was from
Kentucky and was out to kill both . Miss
C'.awson and Middleton. He made threats
promiscuously and then went away". '
As Middleton return*! from down town
with Miss Clawson he stopped George T.
Slaughter find told him that Yeakey was
on his Oliddleton'si trail and would kill
him if he estoffht him with Cassie Claw-
Kon, but Middleton declared he had a bet
ter right to ?ro with the girl than had
Yoakey, and he would ignore the latter's
threats.
service in the Baptist church last night,
and her two little boys participated. As
Yeakey kissed his wife good-by at supper
time and started downtown, his children
held his hands and begged him to come
to the church and he half promised. At
8:0'J o'clock Yeakey appeared at the house
of Dora Thornbrough. a divorced young
f.-oman, xrhose father, William Akers,
lives with her. and demanded to see Miss
Clawson. J. Marrack Harvey, Mrs.
Thcrnbrousrh's friend, told him that Miss
Clawson was then out walking with Wil
liam Middleton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1902.
Redding Witnesses Support Claim That John H.
Yeakey Was Slain in Self=Defense. |
THREATENS WHOLESALE MURDER
AND HIS LIFE PAYS THE FORFEIT
Mrs. John Yeakey led the children's day
3
AT>V KltTTSTfTirKwitL'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: Klves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market
This signature is on every bos of the gmvSam
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTaMett
ti ; V«xaed7 that cares a cold In we <U»
<B C¥>Z&znsV
Established 1823.
That's AH I
\ JAKE JOSEPH. Representative, 300 Battery Street, Saa Franclsca
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
towels and stimulate the sluggish liver.
The general standard of measurement
for womanhood is " grown-up-ness. w
When a girl is emancipated from school
and arrives at the dignity of trailing
skirts and elaborate hair dressing she is
looked upon as
a j-oung -woman.
But nature
knows nothing
of such stand-
ards. When the
¦womanly func-
tion is establish-
ed -womanhood
is attained ac-
cording to her
standards, and
there is need of
womanly care
and caution. It
is girlish ignor-
ance or neglect
at this critical
time which often
results in long
years of after
misery.
Mothers who
perceive the evi-
dences of func-
tional derange-
ment in young girls should promptly
have them begin the use of Dr.' Pierce's
Favorite Prescription. It establishes reg-
ularity, tranquihzes the nerves and tones
up the whole system.
"My troubles started during my girlhood,"
writes Miss Flora I. Grew, of 107 Howe Street,
Akron, O.. "but did act prove serious until 1893.
From that time I did not see a well day. I
Buffered at every monthly period with terrible
headache, irritation of the spine and pains in
jny heels. I had soreness through my hips and
ovarie* all the time and constant backache.
One doctor would tell me one thing ailed me.
another would say something altogether differ-
ent, but they only relieved me. I then wrote
you and followed your advice. I took five bottles
of Dr. Piercs's Favorite Prescription, four of
•Golden Medical Discovery' and five vials of
'Pellet*.' Have not had a single symptom of
jnv old trouble so far. Can sleep good, work
hard, and eat solid and substantial food with-
out distress."
DE. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 - The speeding iron horse with its rolling palaces behind is indicative of Ameri- J
1 can industry and progress. How different from twenty years ago — yes, even ten |
I . years ago. The modern train is as far ahead of the old-time coaches as it is possible |
| to imagine. p
I , . We see progress in every walk of life, and particularly in the machinery ||
i world. Think of the spinning wheel of years ago and then look at the modern weav- H
| . ing machines that render it possible to make an all-wool suit to a man's measure for |
1 $io.oo. The man who rode in the old-time coach had to pay considerable for a good |
| ¦- suit made to his order, while the man of meager salary to-day can afford to have his 1
I clothes tailor-made. That is, if he goes to a place where they sell closely and deal in *j
I legitimate merchandise. . a
1 We make a suit to. order for $10.00 and guarantee it to give satisfaction. We J
I . ' say: Money back if you are not pleased, or -if you keep the suit, a year's repairing |
I goes free with it. - |
I 1 May we give you some of our samples? M
Suits made to measure for $10 I
I Suits satisfac- £\ "1 A /,< r> * g~* K out of the Clt y 1|
I torily made for O/^'WVOfJO <$|;fCI * write for self " I
I out-of-town * —J \y measuring: blank |
I customers. 718 MarKet and Cor. Powell and Eddy, and samples. |
hb KpfS wSL 855 iEu *~ _^h. w
i
Brewed from carefully select- !
ed barley and hops — never
permitted to leave the brew-
ery until properly aged.
t Specialists
MEN
Mot Weakness,
Symptoms!
BT FAR THE GREATKR NUMBER
. of patients seeking relief ¦ for so-
called weakness are strong, robust m<m
In every other respect. Loss of Vital-'
lty, Prematureness. etc.. are not weak-
j nesses, but ttf symptoms of inflam-
matory processes, In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder), caused by
contracted disorders and too often re-
peated and too long continued excite-
ment. Under our local plan of treat-
ment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate
results, as Indicated by Increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are ob-
served. Our colored chart of the or-
gans, ¦which we send free on applica-
tion. Is interesting to any one wish-
ing to study the anatomy of the male.
NOT A DOLLAR TO BB PAID
UNTIL A CURE IS EFFECTED.
DR.TALCOTT&CO.
I'4D Market St., Opposite Hole's.
;3 — C*
GOOD HEALTH
Can only be obtained by keep-
ing the blood pu e and the di-
gestion perfect. For this purpose
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters was
introduced titty yeari ago, anvl
to- Jay it is recognized as the
leading health restorer in th?
world. It will cure Dyspepsia,
Biliousness, Flatulency and Ma-
laria, Fever and Ague. Try it.
Stomach Bitters,JAnotlier Daylight Excursion to Lake
Tahoe. '
On Friday, June 20th, tho Southern Pa
edfic -will run a daylight excursion to
Xj&ke Tp.fcoe leaving this city at 8:00 a.
m. An excellent opportunity to spend a
magnificent outins beside this glorious
mountain lake, fishing, boating-, or strol
ling among tho pines. Steamer "Tahoe"
will meet escurfiionlsts and convey them
around tha lake to New Tahoe Tavern
SlcXinneye, Rubicon Park, Tallac, Lake
eide Park, etc Fare for the round trip
5S 60. Returning arrive San Francisco
Sunday. June 22d. 7:25 p. m. Tickets good
returning up to June 25th: Ten days' ex
tension on payment of $5 00 to Agent at
ITruckee^
— . .
PORTLAND, Or., June 16.— The official
count of the vote in the recent election
chows that Chamberlain (D.) for Gov
ernor has a majority of 256.
Chamberlain's Small Majority.
O'Connell May Succeed Tony Muihmo
EELKNA, Mont., June 16.— W. H Lm-
CZ£. president of the Pacific Northwest
3Liea^ue, said this afternoon that h© had
not engaged O'Connell, thei California
limpire, vo take the place of Tony Mul
iaxie, Ti'ho left Helena to-day for Spokane
where ho will pitch for that team. He
is looking for an umpire and said that he
yr&s considering O'Connell.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The report
£f tr|e Naval Retiring Board, which ex
amined Captain Lemly, the judge advo
cate general, was to-day presented lo the
jTesident by Secretary Moody. The board
oonoemns Captain Lemly physically, and
txe will go on the retired list soon. He Is
et present in Saiem, N. C. where his sis
ter died half an hour after his- arrival
Irom \\ ashington last Saturday He is
t» be continued in the office of the advo
cate general, notwithstanding his retire
ment by designation of the Secretary un
der what is known as the Chandler law
until some permanent policy has been de
fined as to his office.
Lemly to Go on. Retired list.
LONDON", Jun? 16.— Tho third and final
game of the series for the American polo
cup was again postponed to-day, owing
to the wet weather. The date of the .next
contest has not been determined upon. ¦
"Wet Weather Prevents Polo Game.
In a bill introduced ,by Senator Kltt
rldge of South Dakota the company asks
the Government for a subsidy comprising
alternate sections for ten miles on each
side of the track, but announces that the
road will be built without regard to sub
sidy..
TACOMA, June 16.— Abbott & Helm,
New York brokers, have financed the
Valdes, Copper River and Yukon Rail
road, .which, lias given a contract for
building: 450. miles of road from Valdes to
the Yukon to M.. J. Henej% . the famous
builder, of the White Pass Railroad. The
road Is to be completed within two years
at a cost approximating $15,000,000. Pre
liminary "surveys were made last year un
der Engineer Gillette, who has leave of
absence from his position with the Bur
lington Railway in Montana. He was
chief engineer for Major Abercrombie In
building, the Government road to Copper
River. Gillette sent fifteen surveyors to
Valdes to-day, and will send another par
ty by the next steamer. Rails for the first
seventy miles have been purchased and
one cargo is en route around the Horn.
road Builders in
. Alaska. ! ¦
Immense Sum at the Disposal of Hail-
FIFTEEN" MILLIONS
"WILL BE THE COST-
Louis.
CHICAGO, Jun« 16.— Harlem results:
First race, four and s. half furlongs— Alice
Ctrey won Courage Becoad, Ingenious third.
time, :55 2-5.
Eecond race, elx furlongs — Zib;a won. Vassal
Dance second. Judicious third. Time, 1:16 2-5.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Dag
tn&r won, Farrell second, Falella third. Time,
8:28 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Vlncennea won, Trent
h&zn second. Lad? Meddlesome third. Time,
1:42 2-5.
Fifth rac«. five. furiocgB — King's Lady won,
Jiheta eecond. Led C third.- Time, 1:02 3-8.
Sixth race, one mile — Homage won. Birdie
Eior.e second. Dodle S third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
CINCINNATI, June 16. — Latonia results:
First race, eix furlongs — Kohnwreath won,
\Veird eecond, Koyal Penny third. Time,
1:15%.
Second race, five furlongs — Bantoa woa, Olent
Second, Doc Woods third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, one mlle^ — Talpa won. Boaster
¦econd. Autumn Leaves third. Time, 1:41%.
Fourth race, one mile — Hlnsdale won. Suave
¦econd. Margie S third. Time. 1:41%.
Fifth race, five furlongs — 6anctlEsima won.
Flora Hooper second, Daisy Hawthorne third.
Time, 1:03.
Sixth, race, cne mile — True Blue won. Tragedy
IMCoad, Chorus Eoy third. Time, 1:42%.
ST. LOUIS, Ju&ft 16. — Fair Grounds ¦um
loary: < .
First race, tear end a half furlongs — Immor
telle won. Tribes eecond. Robert C Laising
third. Time. :58.
Second race, six furlongs — Ogle won, Okla
fcopa second. Gallantrie third. Time, 1:14V^.
jThird race, one and three-sixteenths miles,
JSaling — Bllver Garter won Josie F second,
3T*rner third. Time, 2:02%.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Lady Btrathmore
fcTpa, Bcorplft eecond, Brulare third. Time,
i Filth race, one mile end seventy yards, sell
tng — Glenwood won. Brewer Schorr second,
riT«rro third. Time, 1:45H.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards
ffi6one won, Gilbert second. Jixa Wlnn third,
pljne, 1:43.
ETFFA1O. N. T.. June 16.— Tort Erie re
trtlt*:
v Fin* rtoe, «lx furlong* —^Percentum won.
(9ew AiBsteniaia eecond. Basllus third. Time,
Second, race, four and a half furlongs — Mala
bar tron. Lorn* eecond. Spinel third. Time.
Ttiri. rac«, cne and a sixteenth miles — Leen
!a won, I<urey second. Maple third. Time,
UW%.
Fourth race, tour furlongs — Lanra V M won,
5n the Qoiet second. Sammy Mao third. Time,
SS8%. ....... ._
Fifth race, rlx furlongs— The Bronze Demon
won,' darena eecond, Hutch Miller third. Time,
UVd S-5. ',
. Sixth raoe* seven furlongs — Badford won,
FilibnEter second. Bir Kingston third. Time.
ESUS3»4.,
NEW T0RK^ - Jen* W.— Bheepehead Bay re-
RltSI i
First rsxe, five forlonr* —^Blae Ribbon vron.
SUsona second, Bensonhurst third. Time
1^01 1-5.
Second race, one mile— Ten Candles won.
Keynote second. Goldsmith third. Time, 1:39.
. Third race. The Rosebud, for two-year-old
allies, five furlcngs — Asterita won, Ada Nay
lecond. Rose Tint third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, handicap, one and an eighth
Biles— Royal won, Merlto second. Ethics third.
¦k - IT". •* , X - »;•>. -v
'¦' Fifth race, niaiden three-year-olds, six fur-
Jlongs —^Pink Rose won. Choate second, McAna
l |lilrd. Time. 1:15.
Sixth race, the Grass Selling stakes, one and
ft sixteenth miles on turf— Swiftmas won, Bes
fl« McCarthy eecond, Brunswick third. Time,
pTSfULTS OF THE RACES
OH THE EASTERN" TBACKS
pUver Garter Wiss th.o Hile an.l
Tliree-SixteeiitiLS at St.
Th* resolutions pledge the Republican
t»arty of Tulare County to the support of
State Senator Thomas Flint for Governor
«* California and State Senator S. C.
{Smith of Bakersfield for member of Con
press. They declare that the Republicans
of Tolare Counly are opposed to all
trusts or combinations of capital whose
Eurpose or effect is to restrict business
r control prices.
Tha following nominations were made:
Pounty Clerk, John Cutler Jr. ; Treasurer,
T» E. Xtenay; Auditor, E. M. Jefferds; As
sessor, B. C. Combs; Surveyor, George
Welch; District Attorney, George G. Mur
rr; Recorder, M. J. Rouse; Tax Col
ector, J. D. Pillsbury: Coroner and Pub
io Administrator, T. C. Caruthers.
The name of Governor Gage was not
fence mentioned In. the convention. No
body seemed to know that he was in ex
istence.
H. R. Stevens of Exeter was chosen
tBfcairmaxi and H. M. Shreve and C. P.
Pratt of Tulare secretaries. The reports
of the committees on credentials, order of
trasiness and permanent organization
were adopted without a dissenting vote.
$That of the committee on resolutions
proused great applause. Resolutions were
adopted with a hurrah that jarred the
fcalL
The convention was called to order by
Charles G. Lamberson, chairman of the
County Central Committee. He made a
forceful speech, announcing that the Re
publicans of Tulare County did not owe
a dollar to anybody. He referred to the
prosperity of the nation under Republican
rule and eaid tho Republican policy was
es good for a county as for a nation.
Lar:iberson avoided any reference to Gov
fcrnor Gage or his administration.
VISALIA, June 16.— The Republicans of
ffulare County met In convention In this
City, to-day. It was an enthusiastic gath
ering and ther© were only a few proxies.
The Republicans here are beginning the
campaign with a spirit and energy Indi
cating their expectation of winning at the
polls.
Ej>cclsJ Dispatch to The Call.
Many persons from the northern coun
ties . make the rough trip by .. wagon or
pack horse to Mount Lassen during the
summer to study the strange conditions
and Bights which it presents and there
has been, a belief for years ' among* those'
who know the peak that the internal fires
were not by any means extinct and might
cause a fresh eruption at any. time.
"They thnk that old Lassen Is about to
have fts head blown off ," replied the lum-,
berman, "and those .who don't have to
hang around there are doing just what
I'm doing— they are going somewhere else
for their' health." " . :
"What do the people who are in the im
mediate vicinity think about it?" Hunter
asked.
But more ominous than the hissing
Bteam are the low rumblings which are
heard. They are described as sounding
like distant peals of thunder.
Fred E. Hunter has brought the latest
news from Lassen. On his journey to
Redding from Fall River Mills he was In
tercepted at Pawnee by a lumberman
hastening from the scene. This lumber
man was with a party of timber cruisers
who were working upon the mountain.
He declared -that the springs, many of
which, were cold formerly, are all throw
ing out boiling water now in a way to
make a close approach unsafe. ,"
REDDING, June 16.— Away to ths
southeast, more than fifty miles from
Redding, rug-ged Mount Lassen is giving
yet stronger evidence that the geologists
were correct when they declared that if
there were a one-time active volcano In
California which was not dead, but mere
ly slumbering, Lassen was that one.' From
a keen interest in the reports within', a
fortnight that new boiling springs had
begun to cloud the mountain sides with
steam, the more timid people of Redding
have passed to an actual fear at the lat
est news brought to-day by a 1 courier, to
the effect that the steam vents were
growing larger and that .away' down in
the crater the fire has set to rumbling.
At some spots even where there are . no
springs the ground is so hot as to make
walking upon it painful. . , . • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Name of Gage Not Once Men
tioned by Speakers or
in Resolutions.
Evidences of a Coming Erup
tion Becoming More
Pronounced.
Republicans Hold Their
County Convention
in Visalia.
Mountaineers Are Flee
ing From Vicinity of
Mt. Lassen.
PLEDGE TULARE'S
VOTES TO FLINT
LOW RUMBLINGS
IN THE CRATER
THE SAIST FB A1S t CISCO '-? CJALLj TUESDAY, JUNE IT, 1902.
4
Whilst it is true that we are not "in
business for our health," it is true that
we are "in business for your health."
We afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives in our valleys, our foothills, our
mountain ranges and canyons, along: our
streams and on the shores of our Iake3.
Visit him. The expense Is not great,
which you will learn by reading
"VACATION, 1902."
This little book, "Vacation, 1902," issued
by the California northwestern Rail-
way Company, gives complete informa-
tion for any kind of an outing.
To be had at Ticket offices of company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building),
and Tiburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
• Bansome and California streets. Call or
write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
MEDIGAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney- and bladder' troubles. 'Absolute guar-
antee "for aHskin and' blood' diseases.' Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed- by leading ¦ physicians. — Thousands ft eared. -
Tickets Cal. & N..-W r R. R.; stage Jrpm Ukiaa.
Call or address - • - ¦,-..-..
WITTER P.O., Lake Co., Cal. =
- Main office and water depot, 810 Market
street, room 64, city.. , . . ¦ - . • ..
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
- W THE seaside resort of Central California^
I — enlarged, improved — per day $z upwards 1
I -—fins orchestra— now open, send for I
I oooklet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briar* I
. IJ-or cottages, F. Reaflier, Capitola, Cal. I
HOTEL QENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO. "Only SO minutes from the 'city.
Most beautiful location and marine, view. Ah
unexcelled Summer and winter resort. Table and
service of the best. W.~. Q. GRAHAM. • Prop.
S: t$ TQC ALOMA I
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations*
reasonable ratea for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. *
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
3. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors. - .
RUSSIAN RIVER I HOTEL:
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove"-
new management: all refitted. Quietude com-
fort, pleasure: hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
yP 11^ C^V^> a ?? beat o' everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. ¦ . . .
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
* Fishing; boats; excellent table: climate par-
feet; 18 miles from Truckee, i n an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office O o
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS
Truckee. Cal. . ,» '
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2% hours-. 5 nolle,
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERC
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting*
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURO
JR.. prop.. Oakville, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LIBSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
. - T '
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA. — POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
' meets all trains. Board, Including baths, S3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK, St.
Helena, Cal. . ¦
For rest and health. i|\| THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on C. P. R. R. Elevation Sit right —
2400 f t.-J38 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; fln^stscenery, i water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. S&OQaweek. Sendfot
booklet Orchard Springs, Colfax, C*J
4 THE CEYSERS.
-(Sonoma County).- New management; rooms
. plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
'.new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
i NEVADA C/TY.
•The land of mines,' pines 'and sunshine. :. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex. « Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, pine groves famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodations. Reasonable
rates. _ -r
HOBERG'S mons the Pine Mountains.
IIVULIIU «J ! X!alifornla's choicest climate:
The Place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, eroquet,- hunting.- fishing and the best of
mtals. Rates $8 per week. For further Infor-
mation inquire 10 Montgomery st. or Hoberg'g.
Lako County. MRS. M. HQBERQ, Prop 4 ?
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For. the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at- '
¦ tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotpl and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling.
AT
goit, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all . the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley. .' '
i GEORGE P. SNELIi. Manager.
HOTEL VBNDOME,
. SAN «JOSB, CAL. '
PASBROBLESH
pia*« Nature's own selec-
' rlln tlon for a health and
* X/JLV : pleasure resort be-
___, . ¦_ (____ cause of the curative
HN A ITH properties of its mud
AM.LiJc\Slj A JL JL and sulphur baths for
: i ¦ __. • rheumatism, Insom-
A ftJIl nla . B°Ut.. neuralgia.
;- JrVll \J liyer'.kidney and blood
. .' . diseases. Has every
TVT T3 A CTTTlHJ natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
CM. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F^ Agt
DR. C C Q'DONNEUL'S
MINERAL, SPRINGS AT GLEN ' ELLEN,
the best eamplng, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The createst remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the 'worid: 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.' and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
"30 cottaces and tents furnished; rent cheap;'
no fogs nor poison oak' at. the" park; -mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at • reasonable rates. : Inquire of
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021.& Market
St.. b'et. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
PARAISO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State- Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
•Montgomery et. ; ¦ • .
„ ;: On line of Sierra Ry.;
HOTEL • : : . elevation r 1471 ft;
- NEVILLS. :: most elegantly ap-
!lMF«TftWN :: pointed hotel in the
«JA/»lt:*> I i*WiN, :\ mountains; stop here
'¦¦' CAL. :¦:: von'-your .,way to- or
:'¦.*- -,.;¦ i-« ¦.;.>'! I: fnonv Yosemlte Valley
l-vtAKE. TAHOE. v -. .
'"KOT BETTER' THAN "THE BEST, BUT
. BETTER 'THAN' THE REST."
Will formally' op«n for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June- you -'can- obtain- -good room and
board for $3 "per day, ; but you can spend more
If you want to. ¦¦• v ; " ' ' "
For folder 'giving full descrlotlon call at. the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITT,
CAL.- -: .' '. :¦ ¦¦'¦:"¦ -'¦¦;.
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac, CaL
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
'For descriotive pamphlet call at 8. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 'Market st. '
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
i ! \ '. 'OPEN JUNE 1.
;- to avoid . disagreeable . waiting \for ' narrow
gauge and . steamer, take ¦, ! . ... "
:¦' THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
Hraln at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LflKE TfllHOE, ,.
Glenbrook, Nev. . Lake shore" house "and cot-
tages. Best 'fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
¦Open June 15. Connections .by., stage daily
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Mc-
Kinneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal. . •
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; ssddle horses at moderate hire; 52 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce teL
A. L. Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe,' Cal. '
DEER PARK INN AND COTTACES
« miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6607 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. \
TMHOE ¦ I1V1V,
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. Now
open. Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON-
prop. .
TRUCKEE RIVER COUIS^TG B .
.. Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Flsh-»
Ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. 'Second season
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks, Verdi, Nev;
I G0R0NAD0 TENT GITYl
§ eoronado Beach, Cal, |
g BATHING, FISHINGj BdATING, |
» GOLF, TEA GARDENS, -VAUDEVILLE, 8
8 ( RINGrRONG, DANCING, BOWLING I
g; and all other amusements, with one of the" finest bands In the'West and several fine - 8
fl; orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. i. ,; ,. ... ... ,,W
S Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale at: ' . , !,, O
K Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe. Ry., Co., 641 Market S.t. ./....S24.50 - <* «
g ,. Southern Pacific ;Ry.- Co.... 61S t Market, St.......:......'.;... .$24.50 ¦¦'¦' 8
g Pacific Coast S.S.',Co.,' 4 New . Montgomery St $23.00 S
S • • Including berth and meals. _. ..', S
¦Qi Ground and water rent Sreo Sor one month with above tickets. '' '" K
g; Persons bring,!nfe their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets &
S| over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co.aro nptT. J;
a> charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, j S
g as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer o! a
« ISO pounds of baggage. V :' , > • . . ' ' . .", .-?¦•: ~:.:.i .5
Q Persons who bring their .own. tents, but not holding Coronado excursion ir
» ..' tickets, will have to pay '$1.50 per -month ground rent, which includes freo 8
8 use of water. . : ." . : ' ¦¦¦.¦¦;'.' : ''. . ¦'.'¦.'¦' -, ¦.. -'. •¦. .----'; -¦¦.--..• - ¦'-••S
8 Persons brjnging their own tents "can rent: furnishings at the following &
g prices pep week (for the month of June 5O pep cent discount): "•"-*- ¦¦¦*";«'
K Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, %\ 25; cot, single, i»c; snrin» ' S
g , cot, double, 60c; mattress, single, 25c; mattress, double, 50c; pillows 25c; blanket*: S
Q 25c; comforters. 23c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chairs, 25o; rocking ctairsTauc- " »
g. SSS^^vff^^S'aK^*"* ?omplete ' 36c; CO0Wn ' ute^ li '"-'I
S Prices per month, double the weekly , rates. "¦¦ ¦! ¦ ' - '•'¦' ¦ •• ¦ ¦ :. K'
8* > 1^ifi urntBbed tent *or one person/ $12 per month. For two persons, $20, and" each *J%
O additional person $5 per month.;: j Furnished tent comprises beds, bedding. tabUa : '3>5
« wash stands, rocking, folding ahdcainp chairs, clean linen, towels water, daily card «
« or tent, and laundry of tent linen. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. . «
g For pamphlets and full particulars call on ' . '• '¦ ' ' '-i '¦,".'¦' "- '',. '"'S
| PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, II Montgomery St., San Franclscor CaL 1 §
LAKE COUNTY, CAL,
Fcr stomach, liver and kidney trouble*—
positive cure for constipation. New kitchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cart
Raymond and. Hans Mortensin and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five new
houses. Room for all. We have mora testi-
monials .from people cured than all othet
springs combined.
' For further particulars and printed matte*
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 29 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco.
DH. W. H. PRATHEH.
Adams Springs.
7
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mils
• From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Carncus Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL. P. O..
Felton, Cal. Opens June 1st. ,',..-
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths ft plunger
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tlburon ferry. 7:30 a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371. 11 Montgomery st, or A. V,
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County. CaL
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under, new management. Now . open for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.,
or address EDSON BROS.. Beswick, SiaMyou
County. Cal. -
SOLID COMFORT HOME KEffafco 1 ?.:
altitude. No fog; elimate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold batas. Spring -
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stags
meets train. Schuler,&- Scheben. Nap*. Cal.
CAMP TAYI OR h °TEL. camp cottageT
.VAiUf lAILUa and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley; tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20" Montjom.
ery street. H. Q. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE- LIKE: — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
Tia Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport •
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wita trains
at Hopland. Leave Hooland at 12:30; arrrv* at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:20. New 6- horse 14- passenger tourist .wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with all th#
most modern Improvements. Passengers for
LaUeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Seringa Stage Line. Tickets can b«
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 650 Mar-
ket St., or at Tiburon Ferry. ¦
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprletora. •
V^CHY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Uklah.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electrio waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of j
natural warm water direct from springs to j
tuba. Lovery grounds, fishing, hunting, Crys-'
tal Springs. ; . Accommodations; table first-clas*.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.
RICHARDSON'S SPBINGS — T en.
miles from Chlco, Cal. Noted for being. a ;
sure cure for 'rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison cak and skin dis-
eases. ¦¦ Hotel- and baths open, entire 'year. J, '
'V ; -RICHARDSON. Prop., Ch'.co. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lake
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, bandball court and
Ml Hard room. Round-trip tickets. 3. P. office.
$3. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD— Santa Crua Mts.
< Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
JlOaweek; fare, return ticket, $2 50. Call at
Travelers' Bureau. 20 Montgomery st., cr ad-
dress M. S. CO.X, Laiyrfel. Santa Cruz Co.
THE PUBISSIMA HOUSE— Near the
ocean. Fish in*r, only Mt. trout stream In
: .county. . Lent; distance Dhone. $2 per day. C
. P. I MOSCONI. Prop., Purissima, San Mateo
Co., Cal.-. , .
TV SAN FRANCISCO RANCH O— THIS
homelike resort is located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB; Soquel. -Cal.
Mountain iVIew- T Ranch— Hotel, cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, daily
mall; campers to Glenwood, Including carriage.
$3 75 round trip. F- R. DANN. Santa Crus.*
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort in Sonoma County. Open all year
round; -Rates, $S to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. . E. HAWES, Santa Ro3su
r— : ¦
WILLOW RANCH — Quiet foothill ranch, 3
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful horn*
In redwoods; abundant fruit: good table- $8 5ii
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
an;nat>at,e farm, santa cru3
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur.
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. U.
J. EEEGELKEN. Loa Gatos Postofflce; Cat
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
Jose, Cal. — One of the best equipped on th*
coast. Every variety of water treatment, e!ec-
tricity. massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
ELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano, Sonoma
County, Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day aad
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot mia-
eral springs near by. Peter Gonallhardou, Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 73 rta». a
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dist. phone. Fred Baraon, Propt
tNG'S RANCH— Six miles from CazaderaT
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishlnjr. Terms. $10 a week; famin
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
SISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. PaiC
ticulars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-
gomery St.. or MRS. L- M. SISSON. Sisson/CaL
BERGHEIM— Two miles from Los Gates.
home cooking. P. DI3QUE. Loa Qatoa. Call
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES.
| A HONDA and PESCADERO-^ThrougrTth«
*-* redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wurr'a.
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Ba,i
R. ticket* to Redwood City. » aT^T trata. Si
and Townsend sts.; 8:20 a. m. from SanJoaa.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Rldwood City. SSi
FAfil F START FS «***»»• Tourists, camp.
» »™ , " **• *witm. Writeto
H. A. Eldred for ratea for any kind of tumont.
p ESCADERO-Saa Mateo and Pescadero
r:. stage line, via Half moon Bay and Saa
Gregorio. dally all year; twice *- day to Half-
moon Bay:-- Lva. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. rn.
KASHION 8TABLES. UKIAH AND WIlZ
ri " ts -r Tourlst8 - campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith. Uklah. Smith. & Taylor. WUUta. torn
any kind. of tcrnout. .
GILROY Fashion Livery; good service; reas.
rates. Ofc. QUroy Spr. stage. H. Mayodc
SANTA CRUZ— Saa Lorenzo Stabl«a» Styt-
lsa rl^s. ReajoxiaW* prlcea.
EEilSPMGS
ALWAYS OPEN. v
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET,- TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room,- "small hotel". .810 per week
Twoipersons^n room, ''small hotel". $18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" . . . .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages". . .$20 per week
One person 4n room. "MAIN HOTEL"
' ¦• • • • .$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
f _ ••• ...:$20 and $22 per week
Bpe.cUI Inducements for School Teachers or
Families' desiring to remain by the mpnth.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
2« Montgomery St., or write, direct to CRAIO
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3^ Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
¦ 2 .-, 1902.
_Our famous band of 25 musicians, including
the great cornet soloist. CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St., Louis. ¦' '. .
Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenom-
enal fishing-. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Bqats. . Wonderful, natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a. special feature.
HOTEL mETROPOLE
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and In all
respects up to date. ".--
GOLF, TENNIS, DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full information, illustrated pam- v
phlets and steamer schedule apply to "•' ' - -
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 1^
BANNING CO., - 11 Montgomery st.. S. TT.
222 S. Spring st., Los Angeles. Cal.
OlfAf*f%tt H0T SPRINGS, SONO-
OK/lbbO MA COUNTY; only 4ft
Vfl/TVVU hours from San Fran-
• Cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best -natural hot mineral, water bath in State;-
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout, streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening, papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after- ,
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Tak 0 Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a m
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8. a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau.
11. Montgomery st.;also at Traveler office 20
Montgomery St.. or of J. •' F. MULGREW
Skaggs, Cal. " • - -u; --r . . . - t.
LADIESV MINSTRELS,
-Weclnesaay,:llth of June. : ¦ '
In preparation": •,.-'.." ." t":"-'
THE BABES IN THE WOODS.
LIVING EUCHBE. :
A booklet to your address.
* EDW. L. SANFORD. Manager.
ft II ft f%\i Hot Springs for health and
III UlnV r )leaEUr e. for rheumatism,
II I I BOSH I kl(lne ". Hver and stomach
W I isi ¦ I U I trouble. Water stands un-
nMMH>BMM»n_a surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. Long .distance telephone. Trains from
Third and Townsend 0 a. m., 2:46 p. m. For
pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON,
BLACK ROCK RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet. 10,000 acre?; rich
in game. Hunting reserved ' for guests. ' 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides, Uvery,'. saddle
and pack horses. Mineral . spring's. .'"Hot and
cold baths.. Superior. . accommodations. ' $8 to
?1O per week. Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY, Laytonyille, Mendo-
cino County, Cal. Peck's Information Bureau,'
11 Montgomery st. . .-. .. ¦ .
AGUA CALIENTE,.
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip-.
$1 10. Telephone; many improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor.
Agiia Callente. Cal. . • ,
SEIGLER SPRINGS-- ; .3«s
- & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, 'stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Eeigler Springs. Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
LAUREL DELL, „
The Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; , hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to our mineral sprinKs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal.
MT. VEEDER FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit,
iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
flrcssJE. E. HOLZKEITER. Napa.: ,
OCEAN VILLA.
SANTA CRUZ. ;
Large grounds. Boating and- bathing free.
Free bus. . Send for circular. C. M. CLARK.
, AMES «fc HARRIS ,„ . .
. .'- Inc-^ — .¦'..¦. ¦ ..!:'.
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. JFLAGS... AWNINGS.
CAMP . FURNITURE. - ; "
100 Sacramento St. . San Francisco.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL
For- health and. pleasure ,go to- Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
dally, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
T BARTLETT SPRINGS. J j
Here Is. an opportunity to gain Health and ..
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
PITCC Hetel $10 to $15 per -week. Honsa- •
I1A1LJ. k M pi n g Cotttgei $3 to $15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C.'& N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.- ' '
AMUSEMENTS. . '",. i
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-,
mente-; Halm's Orchestra;,. dancing every,
week day evening; Tennis, .Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards. Shuffle-Board. Ping Pong, •
Livery, Burros;. Swimming- Tank. 20x80;-
Hot water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massagists; Guides,: ,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
£hady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
; . P. O., Bartlett Springs,
¦ Or' No. 2 Sutter Street/'San Francisco.
O' ' , , ' C
GiMP GURRY
Arrivals, May, 1901 . i\ : .' . . . .v . .... 80
Arrivals, May, 1002. ...202
Office, •¦ Peck's Information Bureau,
.-- ¦ 11 Montgomery st. ¦.' • ,
YOSEMITE.
ftyron Jfot Springs
CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure, cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 .hourB' ride, S. P. R. R., 0 a. m.,
6 p. ra.; no staging. ' Address r M AN AGER
LEWIS,, Byron Hot Springs. Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO.. 36. Geary St.. city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIQ OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Orove. Special rates for- teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley
S p. m.-.'S*nd for Illustrated folder. WM. J.'
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F. : tel. . Black 3571.
f\ \ ' r "ifi ¦ Napa County. ¦'The most
XT M Q I Q n 0 charming spot in Call for- r
¦ 11, n n I n 1 1 fl nla. Ideal for a summer
VII 1 1 U I U 1 1 U vacatlon . - - Drives over
pictyresfltteaTfid -sprinkled 'roads. Godd hotels*
Summer, resorts adjacent. Special .round r trlp-
; tickets,- good- from Saturday ,-. until Monday,-
$2.50. Take -boat foot of Market -.street, 7:30,
a. m. and 4 p. in. .... - . ; .
HOI FOR BLUE LAKES!
' Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springs. Our - famous
Wfclte Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlako
P. O-. Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R.- Co.. 650 Market Et. .
HOWELL MT,, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer reaort. Purest of spring water. Home
'fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per: week. Address WO0DW0RTH & MUL-
LER, St, Helena. Cal.
IV/vmviV/i/vnttnn Inth «J>=artoftheSantt
. .j ,. , near enough to the ocean
for a dailjr. salt water swim. Redwoods and sea breeza.
¦ — a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.'
Peck's Information Bureau, n Montgomery Street,'
8. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, CaJL
EL BONITO HOTEL.
i The largest and' best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River : Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
-and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
¦newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor, Duncans Mills. Cal. For
' information and rates inquire- of Peck's Bu-
reau, : 11 'Montgomery :et., :«r. write R; C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. : -..-¦¦ . . ...
OWN A HOME MEEKER
f Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-'
tages built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
'ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store. : postoff ice. Sausalito ferry, • $3
round trip.- Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
HOTCL ' Continuous
. Al^^O. , Flne^day .'
CZf^l-'. To-morrow.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San -Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
' passed; best mineral , water on the coast; open
all the year. ~E. H. GOODMAN, Manager, v
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles frbm Hopland; best medicinal
waters in -the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, "Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
WHITE COTTACES.
Howell Mountain; altitude . 20UO feet; - air
pure and dry; delightful family, resort; dally
mail; croquet; regi; bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds: $8 per • week. • Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwin, Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. ' Address H. McGuinness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sleson. CaL Expe-
rlenced guides at hotel. • ¦...-.-
¦ "JHE 'GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe,' 'half mile -east of Tallac. Rates,
$2 per day. $9 per '.week; meals, 00c; good sad-
! die horses and the best of livery; boats 'free to
all guests. J. K. PARME7ER, proprietor,
Tallac P.O.,' Cal.>. . ¦;-••.¦•'*;: ¦ ;¦
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever. this year. Booklet arid full
Information *at ' PecTi's. 11 Montgomery st."; or
tl. -R. ofOce, C50 ?Markst, or John 'Martens,
, Bachelor P. ¦ P.. • Lake Co.. ~Cal. ','..•• v
. MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Lomi Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cru2' Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
1 ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at -Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Bat. Train leaves 8. F. 0 a. m. daily. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET.. Llagas, Cal.. Prop.
SUMMER ' RESORT,
Among tho Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN.
Applegate, Placer County, Cal.
¦¦' -n/VIONG"THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc;
near P. O. ; home cooking ;-,L. D. phone; no
consumptives. Address ROBERT F. WAEHAM,
.Appl«gate. Placer County. California. . ,
• TROUT FISHING. «
Best in State Rt BOCA, CAL.
i For Information address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Nev. Co.. Cal., oo TRUCKEE RIVER, H
Hospitality's Cheer
In all social cheer hospitality's
motto is :
The Best for the finest;
The superb quality of
Hunter
makes it the first sought
and the first bought.
: CHRIBTT ft WISE COMMISSION CO., Ine-
223 & 825 CiJlf ornia fct., S» n Knincisco.CBilf.
Telephone Main 873.
¦i» i .— — — i— ,
— — — • THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt'a
Bchool will be open to eummer
A1BNLO guests during June and July.
D , Dtr Superior climate,' -excellent
I AlCrk. table; reasonable prlees. Ad-
dress IRA G. HOITT.
KOITT'S SCHOOL
(For boys) Menlo Park. San M&teo County, Cal.
I Careful supen'ision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Sand for Illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.,
'" - : • '- Principal. ""
BEAUTIFUL CAMP MEEKER— One of Cal-
ifornia's most romantic Spots; cottages and
rooms newly furnished; restaurant remodeled;
under new. management;, terms $0 per week-
boating, bathing and other amusements; take
Sausalito ferry; lots for sale, $10 up. Address
IL M. GREGSON, eole proprietor.FROM SEATTLE.
TUESDAY. JUNK 17.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later, than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both placea.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hl*h- and Low
Waters at Fort - Point, entrance to San
-Francisco Bay. " Published by official au
'thority of the Superintendent/ ¦ . .?. . ,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Sun - rises - .... .V .' .' 4
S'.m eets .7:34
Moon, sets ......2:25 a. m.
'NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning, tides are given in th« left
hand column- and the successive tides of the
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
Jun* 16. 1902.
The Time .Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly- at noon to-day.
!.'«., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. '
- •; , j. t. McMillan,
.. . • Nautical ' Expert, in .charge.
Patent leather shoes for ladles and men,
worth ?4 00, $5 00 and 56 00, all of this
week for $215. at the shoe manufacturer's
sale of the' Bee Hive, 717 Market St., near
Third.-. •¦¦-:--.- ,,--;. •¦•'--":'.--.• ?
dey in the order of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of Un»
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes, occurs. . The heights given ara In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart v except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is suotracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tho mean
of the lower low waters. -
A Sale of Patent Leather Shoes.
Dr. WUcox .was demonstrating on a
cadaver -before • a dissecting: class five
weeks ago, when he accidentally cut hi3
hand. He paid little attention to the cir
cumstance until symptoms developed
which he recognized as -those which ac
company blood poisoning. He went to his
ranch near Cloverdale in the hope that a
change of scene would benefit him, but
this was not realized. . He was obliged to
return here' for medical treatment. Al
though a man of robust physique his brief
illness has wasted him away . so that he
Is a mere- shadow of his former self.
Dr. W.'O.Wilcox,: demonstrator of an
atomy at the California- Medical College,
Is lying . dangerously ill at the Beuna
Vista Hospital from blood poisoning. The
sick mai^wasrat the. point of death sev
eral times during the last week, but yes
terday he rallied to the degree that his
physicians now hold out some hopes for
his i recovery. .- ¦ - < -,
Cuts ' His Hand With Serious
'••• .".¦•';: . : Results..'v i
While Dissecting Before a Class He
DR. W. O. WrLCOX XLL
FROM BLOOD POISONING
Steam.r. .. ..'. ¦ From. . Due.
Santa Cruz.. Newport & "Way Ports . June 17
Coronado. . . . San Pedro June 17
NorthFork.. Humboldt ..: June 17
Argo. . .-. Eel River Ports June 17
Sequoia. . . . . . Redondo . . .<• June 13
Aztec. Nanatmo .- June IS
Tampico..... Kahului- June IS
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma June 18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama. June H
"Wellington .'. . Comox - June~lS
Arctic.'....'.. HumbolCt ...'.... June 18
Iaqua . . . .'. : . . Humboldt . . . . ; June 18
Pomona. . ... : . Humboldt June 19
Columbia. . . . Portland &. Astoria. June 19
Santa Rosa'. . San Diego & "Way Ports June 19
San Pedro.'.". . Grays Harbor |June 10
Point Arena. . Point Arena .......... June 19
Crescent City Crescent City June 19
S. Barbara... Seattle ;V June 20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyades. . .V. . Honolulu .\ June 20
Santa Monica Humboldt Juno 20
Olympic San Pedro .., June 20
Eureka. . .... Humboldt June 21
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .. June 21
Chehalls..... San- Pedro June 21
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Mandalay Coquilld River ...: June 22
State of.Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. | June 23
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports. . I June 2 •
Corona:..-..'.. Newport & Way Ports. ! June 24
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria June 24
Arerjulpa..... Valparaiso & Way Ports June 26
Queen . . Puget Sound Ports. .... Jun8 2«
Nevadan. .... New York • June 27
Curacao..... Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier. Whatcom June 27
Ollndo Blanchini, who was stabbed by
Matteo Ftancheschimr in a restaurant
early yesterday morning, is doing well,
although his Injuries are very sqvere. It
was in a drunken" quarrel that Blanchnl
received. two. knife wounds in the region
of the heart. ; '
The wounded man claims that he was
shot without provocation by Lahore after
tu> (Lu Grange) had invited him to take
z. drink. He denies that he ever threat
ened Lahore with bodily harm.
Justin . La Grange, a laborer, who was
shot by Edward Lahore during a quarrel
in a saloon at 1341 Fifth avenue, South
San Francisco, is resting easily and the
iiidi cation's are that he will recover. The
two were employed at the fertilizing
works of Bayle, Lacoste & Co., and thero
has been a grudge between them for some
time past.- . Lahore says that La Grange
frequently ¦ threatened to do him ! bodily
harm and- that when they met in the sa
loon Sunday evening both were, under the
influence of liquor. Lahore, says he has
no recollection of what followed, but be
lieves he was 'assaulted and that in the
melee he drew his pistol and fired at La
Grange. ' Lahore bears a* cut on his head
and nose and in other ways shows that he
was in a personal encounter with some
one at the time of the shooting.
The police say that Guadalupe has been
employed in Patrick's tannery. South San
Francisco, for the las.t eighteen years and
nas always borne a good character. ' ,
Guadalupe was taken, back to the City
Prison and will not be booked till De Suza
dies or is. pronounced out of danger. He
denies that he . knew that the revolver
was loaded, and says he snapped the trig
ger with 'the intention of scaring De
Suza. They had been "fooling" outside
the house, and it was after De Suza ad
dressed him as stated that he snapped the
trigger.' De Suza, who is a vaquero, has
teen put of employment for some time. -
¦"¦• Believing I am about to die and having no
hope of recovery I make this as my dying
statement. This old man (pointing to Joseph
Guadalupe'*. my stepfather, was fooling around
the gun that was on the bureau. He took the
gun off the bureau, when I said to him: '"Shoot,
you are a coward; you are afraid to shoot. If
you did I would knock your block off." He
polntfd the gun at me, and bang, it went off.
He did not know it was loaded and he said:
•'My Cod, -I have shot my boy." We had no
trouble or quarrel of any kind up to the
shooting. It, was -an accident. arrest
him is all I ask. JAMES K. DE SUZA.
A series, of .tragedies kept th» police
busy yesterday morning. Two of the vic
tims will recover, j but one is reported to
be fatally wounded. The latter is James
de Suza, who was shot at 1329 Fourteenth
avenue South by his stepfather, Joseph
Guadalupe. ':.£ j
The police ..were notified early in the
morning that Suza might die at any mo
ment at the County Hospital and Captain
Martin, sent Detectives Crockett and Fltz-
Eerald with Assistant Warrant Clerk
Flood to that Institution to take his ante
mortem statement.
When they reached the hospital with
Guadalupe, who was handcuffed, De Suza
said excitedly: "Take those oft my
father. I'don't want him arrested. Take
them off.V I say," and to calm him the
handcuffs were removed. Thereupon De
Suza made the following statement:
Justin La Grange and Glendo
Blanchini on Road to
:; Recovery.
Victim of Stepfather's
Bullet Is Dying at
Hospital.
SHOT ANSWERS
DE SUZA'S DARE
To Japan — 765 ¦ bbls flour. 178 pkgs bicycles
and sundries, 4 cs ammunition. 6 pkgs agrlcul
tural Implements. 100 bbls beef.* C52 lbs cheese"
78,712 lbs cotton, R cs canned goods, 5 pkg3
dry goods. 10 cs electrical supplies, 262 pkr3
groceries and provisions, 300 lbs hops, 189 rolls
and 3 cs leather. 3154 pigs lead. 75 pkgs ma
chinery. 650 lbs mlllstuffs. 32S9 gals wine' 1S3
gals whisky. 10 .cs wire. 526 bdl3 wire shorts
13 cs typewriters. 16 cs sewing machines. 545
kegs spikes. 10, 750 lbs sugar. 13 pkgs rubber
' To Honolulu— 50 cs and S93 gals liquors 243
gals whisky. 43 gals wine.- 270 pkgs Iron build
ing material. 14 bars steel.' 2 pkgs automobile
4 rolls leather. 1 pkg machinery.. - 16 pkgs hard
ware. . _¦ •
' The steamer Peking ' sailed . yesterday I for
Hongkong - via Honolulu, Yokohama and Ma
nila with a general merchandise' cargo valued
at $208,38"». manifested and destine.! as follows-
For Honolulu. 15671 : Japan. $66,528: Philippine
Islands, $92,686: China. $36,674; East Indies
$1010; Korea, $3382; .Stam,. $382: Vladivostok'
$43. The following were the principal ship
ments: ' , , "-
The Peking's Cargo.
The barkentlne Coronado loads general cargo
here and. the schooner . Robert Lewers.- lumber
at Gamble fcr Honolulu. The British' steamer
vvearslde is chartered for lumber from Blak*
ley to Buenos Ayres. chartered .- In England
The schooner Ariel Is chartered for lumber
from Portland to Sydney at 38s Od. with optio'n
of Shanghai, chartered prior to arrival The
schooner John G. North loads lumber at Gam
ble for Punaluu and Honolulu.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
According: to a dispatch received yesterday at
the Merchants' Exchange, the schooner Eliza
Miller, which left here May 28 for Altata, went
ashore twelve miles north of that port on June
13, was abandoned bv officers and crew and
will probably prove a total loss.
Eliza Miller a Total Loss.
The schooner Vine, which left Salinas Cruz
104 days ago for Grays Harbor, and for whose
safety considerable anxiety was felt, was spo
ken on Friday off the Columbia River by the
lighthouse tender Manzanita. As expected, the
Vine's food lockers were empty and her water
casks had been drained dry. The Manzanita
supplied the schooner with food and water suf
ficient to carry her on to her destination.
Short of Water and Food.
"AH right, sir. What name/ sir, please?"
"Dr. J. C. Hennessey." ¦ . «.
Baggage man Number 1 with both hands to
his forehead walked off the dock, and as he
staggered Into the night he was heard to mut
ter:
" 'Spike' Hennessey! And me talking dago
to him"
The Kosmos liner Pentaur, which arrived a
few days ago from Hamburg, brought but one
passenger for this port. He joined the steam
ship at Mazntlan, but the lone baggage rustler
that waited on Howard-street wharf was not
aware of this. He knew that ship was from
Hamcurg and he knew that the thin faced man
in the white straw hat was "the" passenger.
As tho ship slowly moved Into her berth the
baggure rustler, with a "Watch me land 'the
Dutchy" aside to Acting ! Dockmaster Henry
Peter: on. 'greeted the passenger.
"Haben sle baggage?"
• The passenger shrugged his shoulders and In
Elgn language plain to read expressed his in
ability to understand^the question.
"Parler vous Francals?" , '
. The passenger shrugged his shoulders again.
It then occurred to the baggage man that
tn« Pentaur Included South American ports in
her itinerary. Hope lighted his face and he
returned to the attack with: '
"Habla Espanol?" .
Another shrug.
Just then another baggage expert arrived on
the scene. He sighted Vthe" passenger.
"Baggage, sir?" - / :
"Yes." replied the passenger. • "I have three
trunks and * grip. I want them cent up to
the Palace." ; ¦ .
It Was Spike Hennessey.
Accused of Stealing a Watch.
Joseph Garcia and Joseph Bresano were
arrested at an early hour yesterday morn
teg by Policeman Peshon and booked ai
the City Prison on a charge of grand lar
ceny. They were in the saloon of Pierre
Eerdous at Broadway and Stockton street
and had a fight with Berdous. After the
fight was over Berdous discovered that
his gold watch had been stolen from his
pocket and Peshon found it in Garcia's
rocket. The defendants appeared before
Slogan yesterday, but the cases
were continued. - . . •
The »ehocn»r William Olsen, which arrived
Kuafifty Elcht from Port Gamble after a re
xnarlraWy smart passage, brought her speedy
trav«lis* to * disastrous stop by smashing
head on 1st© the end of Steuart-street wharf.
carrying away her bowsprit .and tearing down
•.tout $4K> wcrth of State property. She made
tae trip from Gamble In five days. The wind
belsx favorable «he sailed in through the heads
and caaded for an anchorage in Mission bay.
ynaa. eff Bteuart-etreet wharf the wind drop
ped and before anything could be done to pre
fect, the echoeaer went bang into the dock.
Otear Hartn. a ship carpenter who was en the
tt*ck at the tlase of the accident, saved the
fieboener** foremast by cutting free the stays
fcht-t had Sealed with the roof of the shed.
Disastrous Finish.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee.
Men's all wool suits that are worth
tit 00, tor H €3 at the clothing assignee sale
of tho Boston, 775 Market utreet, near
- Ficrt-Jx. •
: Calt. at Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. •
The Quickest and most convenient .way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley. is by war of
the Santa Fe. If you leave 8a^ Franciscc to
day at 9 a. in. on the California Limited you
are In Ycsemlte- to-morrow-- at '5 t>. mr~- ¦<
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Peking
sailed yesterday for the Orient with a big cargo
and twenty-four cabin passengers. This Is
probably tlie last voyage the Pekmg will mak*
under the command 'of Captain J. Tremalne
Smith, who, at the end of this, voyage, will
go East to tawe chargcof tHc new liner Siberia,*
sister ship to the Korea, which sailed yesterday
from Newport Newn for this port. Miss Leslie
Smith, tlw captain's daughter, was a passen
ger on the Peking. -Mrs. R. Hi .Warfleld and
son were passengers on the liner. F. W. Ever
ton. assistant to Chaplain A. Karney of the
Seamen's Institute, poea •' on the Peking to
Honolulu for the purpose of opening a branch
of the Institute at that port.
The passengers were : ' . ¦
For Honolulu — Miss Lutie Baker, Miss ¦'M..- M.
Campbell, I. V. Copeland, A. W. . Eckman, F.
W. Everton. Mrs. F. W. Everton and child. J.
H. Meyer, Miss Inez Morris, C. P. Ross, Mrs.
C. P. Ross. \
For Yokohama — Professor G. . Tsubol, Miss
M. Viallanes, R. .E. Warfleld, Mrs. R. H. War
field. • - " . .
For Manila — Robert Appleton. J. P. Hell
bronn. Alfred Milmow, 13. -Well Suchet. -
For Hongkong — D. J. Hauptman, W. G. Kost,
Miss Leslie Smith, Miss Isabel Vernon, Miss
F. I. Vernon.
From Honolulu — M. A. Hamburger, Miss E.
Hamburger, Mrs. R. E. Marx.
Sails for Orient.
A. rede scow went adrift about B o'clock, on
Sunday afternoon from Hunters Point drydock.
i;. HcGIynn. J. Rotkae, C. Hannlf and O. E.
Larsea. employes of the 4ry<iock company,
»r.t out In a best and attempted to bring
tack the scow. The tide proved too strong and
::.*:: and boat and ecow went whirling down
the bay. The men boarded the scow and tried
In vain to attract the attention of somebody
fcshore. When darkness fell they returned to
Hunters Point In their boat. The scow cair.e
back on the ebb tide, was picked up by the
tug Elizabeth and towed to her moorings. Dur
ing the absence of the men the irydock com
pany chartered the Crowley launch Sybil and
•ent her in search with food for the men. The
Sybil failed to connect, however, bnt from the
Information gathered by Captain Susan, who
?-as in charge of the relief expedition, the
•cow drifted as far as Alvleo.
Adrift on. a Scow.
"W. As Lowry. wife and child. Mrs. W. J.
Lowry. two children and threa servants.- Mrs.
B. Lubol, Mrs. Z. K. Meyers, R. Murray, J.
McGregor. W. McElroy. G. McLaughlln. W.
H. Mallot. J. Merrifield. Master Morgan. Col
onel George W. Macfarlane, Mr. McMillan,
Mrs. B. Newhall. F. J. Owens, Miss M. E.
Orvis. D. Petty and wife. Miss H. Peters,
Miss Pauldingr. Miss Perriman, Captain Kon
ny, P. Savary. wife and. two children. Mrs.
G. Schneider, Mr*. F. Stern and son, C. Sul
livan, M. Alexander and wife. P. Burns, wife
and three children. Miss G. Bates, Miss S.
Bushnell. Miss D. Bushnell. Bishop of Pana
polls. R. E. Burke, wife, child and maid. Miss
Brown, Miss Carlson. ' Miss Crossan, Miss B.
Conn, II* M. Cake and wife, George Chalmers,
Mrs. A. Chalmers and child. Miss J. Diag, Mrs
H. Dollinger. Mrs. Evans. Miss Evans, J. D.
Gerdon. J. A. Graack. R. M_ Gllman, L. A.
Gould Mrs. J. C. Gregg. Dr. Gnoepf. Miss .1.
Jenkins. H P. Jones. C. P. St. John. Rev.
A. H. Smith, Miss F. Schaeffer. Judge Sulli
van and wife, T. Ingawara, Dr. Sussman, Mr.
Stanford. Mrs. Tuck. Miss Tlpson. Mrs. Van
Valkenberg and child. E. Van Senden. S. Wile.
J B. "Watson. H. Waterman and wife, John
Whalen. S. H. Mann, Miss Kuebler, Mrs.
Kaiser, Mrs. J. Schette. — • •
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Alameda,
commanded by Captain C. F. Herriman, ar
rived from Honolulu at 9 o'clock last even
ing. The Alameda left Honolulu on Tuesday,
June 10. and made tlio voyage in five days,
twenty-one hours and forty-live minutes. With
the exception of Sunday and- Monday, when
the Alameda was tossed by a strong westerly
wind, the voyage was a pleasant one. No ac
cidents occurred on the homeward ' trip. ¦ "When
three days out from San Francisco, on her
way to Honolulu, It. H. Gang-hell, third mate
of the Alameda. while taking part in a tire
drill, fell and broke his kneecap. The . list
of cabin passengers follows:
Alameda Arrives.
The amended motion was accepted by
Murdock and put to a vote by Chairman
Ohnimus, and the three Commissioners
voted in the affirmative.
McCalvy quickly left the room and went
to his desk In the Tax Collector's office.
Mre. Hydenfeldt stated after the trial
that but for her husband's absence in
Cape Nome criminal proceed! nj?s would
have been taken against McCalvy.
"I move to amend that," said Commis
sioner McCarthy, "by adding a request to
the Mayor that McCalvy be dismissed
from his. position."
McCalvy flatly refused to answer, and
when he was ordered to be sworn and
testify he again refused.
"I move that the name of George A.
McCalvy be stricken from the eligible list
of this commission," said Commissioner
Murdock.
"We have a note before -us," said Mur
dock, "which was given by Thor Hyden
feldt to Chief Examiner Moran. This
note purports to be in your handwriting,
McCalvy. The note Eays that the $100 for
which it Is security Is to be paid ' out of
your salary by this commission. Did you
or did you not sign and indorse this
note?"
The Commissioners finally became tired
of McCalvy's objections and sprung a
surprise on him. On motion of Commis
sioner Murdock all the evldencts was
stricken out and the matter disposed of
quickly.
McCalvy was impudent in his demeanor
to the commission and tried to prevent the
evidence of Chief Examiner Moran being
Introduced. Moran testified that McCalvy
had admitted to him that he had bor
rowed the money from Hydenfeldt and
had given the note as security.
The accused deputy evaded the issue by
a mass of flimsy legal technicalities. He
objected to the introduction of a deposi
tion made by Thor Hydenfeldt and to the
evidence of Mrs. Hydenfeldt. x -
Mrs. Hydenfeldt was badgered by Mc-
Calvy In cross-examination, and when lie
tried to introduce family affairs he was
sharply reprimanded by the Commission
ers. /
As the Civil Service Commission has no
control of salaries of the city and county
employes, the security given by McCalvy
to Hydenfeldt was worthless.
McCalvy conducted his own defense,
and his manner before the commission
did not benefit him. He objected to the
trial on the ground that Thor Hydenfeldt
was not present, being In Cape, Nome.
Mrs. Hydenfeldt testified that McCalvy
had borrowed $100 from herself and her
husband, giving as security a promissory
note. This note was indorsed by McCalvy
and authorized the holder to present the
same to the Civil Service Commission and
collect the amount from his salary.
George A. McCalvy, deputy tax collect
or, was tried by the -Civil Service Com
missioners yesterday jon a charge of ob
taining 5100 by false pretenses from Thor
Hydenfeldt, and the result of the pro
ceedings was that McCalvy's name was
stricken from the eligible list of civil ser
vice employes. Mayor Schmltr will also
be requested to dismiss McCalvy from his
official position. \
The Mayor's recommendation that the
board lease for a period of twenty years
a suitable room in the City Hall to the
five Grand Army posts of this city for
their accommodation at a nominal rental
ires referred to the Building Committee.
D'Ancona contended that the school
housea to be built should be designated
in the- ordinance, as he was opposed to
ffo&iff outside the dollar limit to build
schoolhousea In the outlying districts,
which he* did not consider an extreme
emergency. He held that the Board of
Education should 6pecify Its Intentions
with regard to the schoolhouses to be
built. The Committee on Education was
then delegated to confer with the Board
of Education on the subject, ascertain its
Intentions and report to the board next
Monday, when flnal action will be taken.
The Committee on Artificial Lights was
authorized to prepare contracts with the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
xo light the streets -for 329 nights during
the next fiscal year, which will make
three dark nights each month and give
the city the benefit of the rate of .0S7
cents per lamp per night, as agreed by
the company. The' gain to the city will be
Rbcut $tS00. as against the rates paid last
year. The game company must allow a
<liscount upon their bills for lighting
public bullcings equal to the reduced rate
paid by the most favored consumer, and
in this way & saving of $6S00 will be ef
iected. The committee recommends the
acceptance of the bids of both the San
SJYancisco Gas Company and Pacific Gas
Improvement Company for lighting cer-
Isin public buildings, subject to a discount
equal to that made to the most favored
The Board of Supervisors -was unable
yesterday to take action on the final pas
tage of the proposed ordinances levying
a special tax of 7^ cents on each $100 of
assessed valuation for new schools and
another "*£ cents for a n«w hospital.
cwlng to the enforced absence of Super
visor Sanderson. The- unanimous vote of
the eighteen members of the board la
receEsary to pass the ordinances, but Su
pervisor Curtis Informed the board that
Banfierson's physician had absolutely for
bidden his patient to leave his bed, where
he lies seriously 111. The taking of a voto
on the ordinances was therefore post
poned until Sanderson is able to be pres
ent. ¦.-.:•.
Accused Is Stricken From
Eligible List and Will /
Be Dismissed.
Empower Committee to Close
Contract for Public
Lighting.
goods, 33 bales rubber hose, • 25 coils rope, 33
pkgs photo yoods. 72 bxs paste. "; , , ..> .
To Phillp^-iwi Islands— 11,600 lbs bread. 11,206
lbs beans. 6540 lbs coffee. 588 lbs chocolate, 738
lbs and 15 cs cheese. 10.682 lbs ham and bacon,
3263 lbs glucose 45,630 lbs lard, 14,228 lbs
meal, 280 lbs soda. 100 -lbs salt. 240 lbs sugar,
1264 cs soap. 17,396 lbs oats, .508 gals and 100
cs wine, 530 gals and 114 cs whisky. 51 cs li
quors, 200 cs mineral water, 1850 csks bottled
beer, 4314 cs assorted canned goods. 38O. cs
canned salmon. 12 .bxg paste, 160 cs potatoes,
-30 cs onions. 37 pkgs building material; ¦ 61 cs
boots and shoes, 844 cs empty bottles. 10 bales
brooms, 115 pkgs electrical supplies, 5 cs hats,
656 pkgs groceries and provisions. 230 pkgs
machinery. 0 kegs nails, 35 pkgs plumbing ma
terial, 25 bales ¦ paper t 27 cs rubber goods, 32
bdls shooks, '130 cs stationery. 87 pkgs type.
28 pkgs .printing material., ' •.
• To" China— 8280 bbl« flour. 6500 lbs abalone
meat. 100 cs bottled beer. 1324 lbs beans. 240
cs canned goods, 398 lbs cheese. 1000 lbs cod
fish. 51,048 lbs cotton. 1750 lbs dried fruit,
1221 lbs dried peas. 2500 lbs pearl barley. 1864
lbs dried meat, • 279 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 1140 lbs starch, 2 cs wine.
To the East Indies — 230 cs canned salmon, 25
cs canned fruit. 34 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. ' -• - ' ¦ '.
To Korea — 45 bbls and 100 cs bottled beer, 13
bales cam-as, 128 pkss hardware. 102 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 7 cs musical Instru
ments. ..'"•:"
To Slam — 78 pkgs groceries and provisions.
Exports to British Columbia.
The steamer Queen silled on 8unday for
Victoria with a general cargo to be landed at
the principal I British Columbian ports, valued
at $30,646. The cargo included the following
merchandise and produce: 49,315 lbs dried
fruit, 120,515 lbs malt, 197,500 lbs sugar. 1683
pkgs fresh fruit. 296 pkgs fresh vegetables,
17J88 lbs cheese. 3830 lbs • mlllstuffs, 421 cs
canned goods " 241 gals wine. 10 bales twine,
164 pkgs groceries and provisions. 10 cs ammu
nition 120 electrical meters. 20,235 lbs pig tin,
3606 lbs bread 365 bxs paste. 20S0 lbs butter,
25 cs candles, 31.080 lbs salt, 168 pkgs pota
toes 148 pkgs 'onions. 200 lbs raisins, 100. tins
matches 183 bdls paper, 609 lbs leaf tobacco,
4 cyls ammonia, 23 cyls gas. 2 rolls leather,
15 bdls shooks. 4 pkgs machinery, ? 10 bales
twine. * ¦ ., ¦ ;.-¦¦¦ .. • ¦: >
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The schooner Helene sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $45,385. and Including thelf ollowlng :
250 bbls flour. 2728 ctls barley. 385 ctls wheat.
472 ctls oats, 1532 sits bran,' 221 sks middlings,
453 ctls corn. 850 bales hay. 515 gals wine,
55 207 pounds sugar, 523 cs canned goods. 2875
lbs beans. 1600 sks plaster. 250 pkga ««tillate;
4870 lbs tobacco. 654. sks fertilizer, 300 000
shingles 24 pkgs machinery." 2000 posts. 125 cs
iratches 250 cs soap. 15 bbls salmon, 6 pkgs
dry goods. 1200 lbs lard. 45 pkgs bread. 20 pkgs
paint, 100 bdls paper, etc. . - ,.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
EASTERN , PORTS.
I Monday, June 16. ' .
Stmr W H Kruger, AhUn, 52 hours from San
S t ™" r -whitesboro. Olsen, 11 hours from Point
Ar sTmr Edith. Halli '02 hours from Seattle'.'
Stmr Greenwood, Fajserlund, 13 hours., from .
' • •™tmr r °westport. Smith.- 34 hours from Cres-
Ce stmr U3 Umatllla. Cousins. 60H nours from
Stmr National City, Johnson. 14 hours from
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno, via Point Arena . 10 hours.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diejto, etc. - . ' ~ , „
Bktn Gleaner. Schmel, 3% days from Co-
Schr Louis, Mercer, 78 days from Newcastle,
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 5 hours from Point
'! ? ehr Ocean Spray, Sjagren, 2*6 days from
Coaunie;Riv e r. CLEAREIX , :
; ¦ , -Monday, June 16.
. Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
• Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong, etc,
and, Manila: P M SS Co. ••.•«.„
Stfnr Geo W Elder. ¦ Randall, Astoria; O R
1 & N Co. • ¦» ; ~; •->¦ .':¦* -¦'*»--• •¦-» , ¦'--¦> — '
Ger etmr Pcntauer, Hamburg,
etc, via Vancouver; J.D Spreckels & Bros Co.
• " i SAILED.: . ", -" . ;
. ' ¦ ; ' Monday,' June 18.
Stmr City, of Peking,. Smith, Hongkong,. etc.
* Stmr Del Norte. Green. Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. ': -"
. Stmr Scotia;- Erlckson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr' Point. Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno. ,
Stmr Alliance, Hard wick, Eureka, Coos Bay
and Portland. ' ¦ ¦ '. . JO .¦
- Stmr Geo Loomlv Brldgett, Redondo. -.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin.^Tlllamook Bay. .
. . ' SPOKEN. ' •' • / '
Off .Cape. Flattery, June 16, schr Mildred,
hence June - 1,- for Ballard. •. - - ¦" ¦ -
¦ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT ' LOBOS. June 16, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 16—
Schr Robert Lewers, from Honolulu; stmr
American, hence June 12; stmr Dolphin, from
Skagway. . -
. Sailed June 16 — Bark J D Peters, for Kar
luk; acbr Otella Pedersen, for Whatcom.
Sailed .June 16 — Shto Kennebec. 'for Boston;
bktn Diamond Head, from Seattle, . for Hono
lulu; stmr Despatch.^ from Falrhaven, for San
Diego; stmr Santa Barbara, from Port Had
lock, for San Pedro. • , ¦ ¦ . ¦
EUREKA — Arrived June 16— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence June 14; stmr Arctic, hence
June 14. ' ~ •"','¦
' PORT HADLOCK— Safled June 16— Stmr
Santa Barbara, for San. Pedro. ¦
COOS BAY— Arrived June 15— Schr Guide,
hence June 3; schr Falcon, from San Diego.
Sailed June 15— 'Schr Novelty, for San Fran
cisco. - '- '• - ' ¦ * -
FORT BRAGG — Sailed June 15 — Stmr Na
tional City, for San' Francisco. ' •
• PORT KENYON— Arrived June 14— Stmr
Argo, hence June 13, to sail June 16, at 6 p m,
for Ean Francisco.' ¦ ' - '
TACOMA— Sailed June 16— Br bark Brae
mar, for . Queenstown.
Arrived June 10— Schr D K Hall, from Port
Blakeley. ' ¦ . - - ' ,
Sailed June 16 — Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. • ' ' • v • .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 16 — Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka: • stmr Chehalls, hence June
14; stmr Coqullle River, from. Port Los An
geles. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ L •' • ..--¦.,-
TILLAMOOK — Arrived June 15— Stmr South
Coast, hence June 11. .- '
SEATTLE— Arrived June 16— Stmr City of
Topeka, from Skagway ; atmr Robert Dollar,
hence June 0. .- ; ¦ -,-' . •
Sailed June . 15 — Stmrs Santa Ana and City
of Seattle, for Skagway. . June 16 — Stmr Me
teor, for Nome; stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.'. " ¦ . . " . ¦¦-.* ' " . -¦:,,.-
Arrived June 16 — Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way; stmr American, hence - June 12; stmr
Robert Dollar, hence June 8.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 16— Schr
Robert Lewers, from Honolulu. , • ;
GRAYS. HARBOR— Arrived June 15— Schr
Metha Nelson, hence June 1. - .
BOWENS LANDIN— Balled June 16— Stmr
Samoa, for San Francisco.. ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 16— Stmr
Mackinaw, for 1 San . Francisco; stmr Meteor,
for Nome: stmr Eureka, for .San Francisco; Br
. bark Braemarj- for Queenstown.-.
SAVANNAH — Sailed . June 8' — Bark • St
Jamee, for Honolulu.-
NEW YORK — Sailed June 15 — Br stmr
Louther Castle, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed June 2— Br ship
Brambletje. for Oregon. ,
In cort May 13-^Br ship 'Euphrosyne; for
Oregon; Nor. Bark Viklnr, for San -Francisco.
» NANTES-^In port May 31— Fr barkCor
neille Bart, I for Oregon. ¦ :
. HONGKONG-In oorf May 23— Br ship For
rest Hall, for Oregon.: -
-; Arrived June 14— Jap stmr Nippon Mara,
hence" May 9. : * . "¦ ¦ -i " - ¦ ¦; .
CORONELr— Arrived June 14— Stmr Alaskan,
from Hllo, for New York. t
PORTLAND — Sailed June 16 — Ship Speke,
for Cape Town; atmr Indravelll, for Hongkong.
GENOA— In port- April; 20— Ital bark Mlch
ele B,' for Oregon. ¦-. •
, SWANSEA— In port , May 80— Br ship Afon
Alaw, for San Francisco.
DIEGO 8UAREZ— Sailed May 17— Fr bark
Jules Gommes, for' San Francisco. .' .
SYDNEY— In- port May 14^-Ger ship Ana
moore,; t or > Oreson. \ ••.'..•„'¦• . ,
¦ Arrived .June . 16— Montabella. . ;
HOBART — In nort May 13 — Fr ship Blarrita.
for Oreson. . ; '
. ALGOA .'BAY— In 'port April - 26— Br bark
Madagascar, . for .Oregon. : . , , .
r In • Ddrt April " SW-^Br bark Mozambique, for
Oregon ;Br ship Port Logan, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June .14— Br -«tmr
Glenogle. : from Tacoma; - Prior to June 14—
Jap stmr Klnshlu Maru.,from Seattle., i.t.i:.
MANILA — Arrived June 16— Br stmr Heath
burn; from New York. •
. yALPARAISO— -Arrived Am-il 28 — Bktn Ad
denda, from'OreKon. May 11 — Br bark Ariel,
from Norfolk. ¦ " ' '.;- _ ¦
• NANAIMO-r-Arrlved : June .15 — Stmr Aztec,
ihence June 8.- . ¦ -_• ¦ -. " ¦, < ''.:¦'.*"•. •."• . ¦¦
OUAYAQUILr-Sailed June 14— Ger «tmr Nu
manMa.. for Sari Franclscd. ¦--. -.. : <.
8T LUCIA— Sailed June 12— Stmr Oregonian,
for •¦ Philadelphia. > . .«" ; . ; . . : . . ,
CT3XHAVEN— Passed. June. 12— Br shlo In
dore,;from Hamburg,! for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH — Arrived June . 14— Fr bark
Francois Cpppe,-- from; Oregon. -June '16 — Br
ship ! Bardowie, from . Oregon. >. ¦: ~\
Carries Only Eighty= Four^Enlisted iV]ienf== Replacing
Steampipe Causes Delay inHSailing.
:¦-• MALMO—^Arrived June 12— Nor bark Olivia,
from * Oregon. ¦ -'••¦•;.... '
- TENERIFFE— Arrived June 14— Ger »tmr
Luxor,. hence Feb 27, for Hamburg.
• BRISTOL— Arrived June 15— Fr bark Cas
card, hence ¦ Feb 13. .
• QUEENSTOWTJ— Arrived June 15— Br ahlp
Mllverton, from Tacoma. ¦ ' ' -
HULL— Arrived June 15— Ger bark Seleno,
from Oregon. • -' .
i SHIELDS— Sailed June - 18— Fr bark Km
pereur Menellk, f or^San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 14— Fr bark Daniel,
for San : Diego. June 15— Fr bark Pierre
Lotl. - for . San Francisco. * .
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed June
15 — Br- Btmr Arequlpa, for San Francisco.
¦ ¦•¦-¦.-- OCEAN STEAMERS.
- LIVERPOOL— Arrived June. 16— Stmr Celtic,
from 'New York: stmr Parisian, from Mont
real and Quebec, via Movllle.
LONDON— Arrived June lft— Stmr Mlnne
haha, from New York.~
MOVILLE— Arrived Jun« 16— Stmr Furneila,
from New York.
I QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 16— Stmr Ul
tonla,- from Boston.
I ¦• PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June lft— Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool, via Queenstown.
- ST~ Arrived June lft— Stmr
Washington," from Genoa, for New York. • •
GIBRALTAR— Passed Jtfne 16— Stmr PInr
Suey, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Slnra
pore, Hongkong, v Shanghai, > Yokohama, Vic
toria, B C, and Seattle. ; ,
H. E. Wynne, Miss J. Williams, Dr. A. Ey
Jenks and wife, Oscar Halvorsen, Howard D.
McGcoryre, Miss Bessie Day, Major H. M. Loud,
wife and children; R. W. G. Wellintr, Mrs.
Marlcn F. Marvin, H. M. Schucklng, Mrs. W.
C. Beard. C. E. Hoye and wife, Howard W.
Brown, Guy Magee Jr., T. F. Meagher, Frank
H. Haddock, Captain J. S. Powell, wife and
seven children; Captain C. R. Trowbridge, wife,
child and mother; Major R. L. Bullard, Lieu
tenant C. Game, John Reid, N. Dawson, J.
Howarth, Arthur T. Williams and wife. Lieu
tenant H. Johnson, Francis C. Beebee, Sergeant
Joseph Ziesing, Mrs. M. Bollwlne, Frederic
Hill, Lieutenant W. J. O'Loughlln, Contract
Surgeon. O. M. Holliday. " N »
THE United States army transport
Meade sailed yesterday for Ma
nila with eighty-four, enlisted
men, about fifty cabin passengers
and a heavy cargo of supplies for
the troops in the Philippines. She left the
dock about 2 o'clock and anchored in tl«
stream for several hours , before sailing.
The delay was caused by the replacing of
the steam pipe that exploded on Saturday
with such disastrous results.
The enlisted men included eleven mem
bers of the signal corps, forty-five re
cruits and casuals and twenty-eight hos
pital corps men. The cabin passengers
included several school teachers and a
large number . of Government i employes.
Miss J.- Williams, a passenger, was booked
on the official passenger list as "fiancee
of a school teacher." Fred Hill.''Inspec
tor, of Philippine Constabulary, was a
passenger.
Among the military passengers were
Captain J. S. Powell, judge first instance;
Captain C. R. Trowbridge of the secret
rervlce, and Second Lieutenant Nelson
Johnson.. Captain Powell was accom
panied by, his wife and seven children.
Lieutenant Johnson is. the subaltern whe
ma<Je himself famous a few evenings ago
by giving a zem zem specialty at tha
Orpheum.
r lhe full list of passengers follows:-
Movements of Steamers.
of Fraud.
Civil Service Commission
' Tries Him on Charge
Action on Special Levies
Is Postponed by-
Supervisors.
CLERK M'CALVY
FOUND GUILTY
SCHOOLS MUST
BE DESIGNATED
MEADE DEPARTS FOR MANILA
LADEN WITH MILITARY STORES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JU^E; 17, 1902.
TO ARRIVE.
TO -SAIL.
5
Steamer.
L - Destination. ISails.j Pier.
Destination.
f _
Arcata. ....
C. Nelson. I
Phoenix;..
Albion Ply.
¦Newburs...
G. Elder...'
Acme......
Corona do. .
G. Dollar...
Argo. ......
Lakme
Rival
Eureka....
Acapulco...
Eureka....
Corona. ....
State Cal...
North Fork
Hathor ......
Umattlla...
'. June 17. ,
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Seattle & Tacoma . . 12 m Pier 2
Mendoclno. City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
Jnne. 18.
Sluslaw Hlver ... .. — pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Portland & Way . . 12 m Pier 2
Willapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier' 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
- i.. Jnne 10. -•'¦>'
Seattle & Tacoma..
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
. -'Jnne -20. ' •
Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
Hamburg- & Way Pl e r 1C
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21. - ¦- ¦¦
Humboldt 10 am fler 2
Point Arena. 2 pm Pier 2
Huinboldt ......... l:30pPler 11
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Grays Harbor 5 pmjPier 2
Jnne 22. . I
Pan Diego & Way. 9 amfpier 11
Astoria A. Portland 11 amIPier 24
Jnne 23. f
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Jnne 24.
Seattle & Honolulu Pier —
Jnne 25.
Puget Sound . Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
• Jnne 28. I
China & Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Arctic'! ... i
Pt.; Arena..
Pomona;...
Gaollc. . ...
Alxmeda...
Chehalla. . .
Santa Rosa'
Columbia. .
Coos Bay, .-.
Tamplco. . i
CltyPuebla
Mandalay. .
H. Maru.~..
San Juan:.'.
Steamer.
For.'
Sails.
Dolphin." ; . . . Skagway & Way Ports. . June 18
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon.."... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-KI...... . Skagway & Way Ports.. June 20
Kxcelslor . . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane. . . '.\ Skagway\ & Way Ports. June 28
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Senator.....; Nome : ..July 1
Oregon. Nome July 1
Cottage.Clty. Skagrway & Way Posts. July '2
P.oanoke Nome & St. Michael... July S
CJ Time . Time Time ' Time
% — — Ft. Ft.' Ft. Ft.
oLWHW I*W HW
17- 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:39 2.8 9:13 5.6
IS 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47 8.5
19 4:39—0.3 11:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 5.4
20 5:12—0.3 12:29 4:4 4:40 2.8 10:47 -5.2
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:15 2.9 11:15 6.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:49 .4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50 4.0
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5/6:46 3.0
Steamer.
L - Destination. ISails.j Pier.
Destination.
f _
Arcata. ....
C. Nelson. I
Phoenix;..
Albion Ply.
¦Newburs...
G. Elder...'
Acme......
Corona do. .
G. Dollar...
Argo. ......
Lakme
Rival
Eureka....
Acapulco...
Eureka....
Corona. ....
State Cal...
North Fork
Hathor ......
Umattlla...
'. June 17. ,
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Seattle & Tacoma . . 12 m Pier 2
Mendoclno. City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
Jnne. 18.
Sluslaw Hlver ... .. — pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Portland & Way . . 12 m Pier 2
Willapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier' 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
- i.. Jnne 10. -•'¦>'
Seattle & Tacoma..
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
. -'Jnne -20. ' •
Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
Hamburg- & Way Pl e r 1C
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jane 21. - ¦- ¦¦
Humboldt 10 am fler 2
Point Arena. 2 pm Pier 2
Huinboldt ......... l:30pPler 11
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Grays Harbor 5 pmjPier 2
Jnne 22. . I
Pan Diego & Way. 9 amfpier 11
Astoria A. Portland 11 amIPier 24
Jnne 23. f
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Jnne 24.
Seattle & Honolulu Pier —
Jnne 25.
Puget Sound . Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
• Jnne 28. I
China & Japan..... 1 pm PMSS
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Arctic'! ... i
Pt.; Arena..
Pomona;...
Gaollc. . ...
Alxmeda...
Chehalla. . .
Santa Rosa'
Columbia. .
Coos Bay, .-.
Tamplco. . i
CltyPuebla
Mandalay. .
H. Maru.~..
San Juan:.'.
Steamer.
For.'
Sails.
Dolphin." ; . . . Skagway & Way Ports. . June 18
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon.."... Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-KI...... . Skagway & Way Ports.. June 20
Kxcelslor . . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane. . . '.\ Skagway\ & Way Ports. June 28
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Senator.....; Nome : ..July 1
Oregon. Nome July 1
Cottage.Clty. Skagrway & Way Posts. July '2
P.oanoke Nome & St. Michael... July S
CJ Time . Time Time ' Time
% — — Ft. Ft.' Ft. Ft.
oLWHW I*W HW
17- 3:20 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:39 2.8 9:13 5.6
IS 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47 8.5
19 4:39—0.3 11:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 5.4
20 5:12—0.3 12:29 4:4 4:40 2.8 10:47 -5.2
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 4.4 5:15 2.9 11:15 6.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:49 .4.4 6:00 2.9 11:50 4.0
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5/6:46 3.0
on Application
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price LIst3 Malbi
DIRECTORY
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
Jr TV IT * fft 9C0 Battery Street.
• t> ft ILdva S W!/.> Telephone Main ISM.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS.- LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phon. Main 1719.
PRINTING.
c r HITAHCC PRINTEK.
£. t- IIUUI1C3. 611 Saosomo St.. S. 7.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO- ggr^ififflS^
JK^BSK0m^tM gmedy for Gonorrheu*.
SL' Mt * Spermstorrhcss,
Ms&r CURES Whites, unnatural dii-
JiWh 1 to 5 d»jt. ¥j charges, or any inflaains.-
mTSTJ Qiukaued t» ' ** tion, irritation or nlceri-
pi A Tn-ni: oonutioB. tion of tonconi aieiu-
raTHEEVMSCHEM-CJlLte. b^'S^Sto^**
2«S»k. '^»M fc 7 eiprens, prepaid, for
<^asS> &fc-llBl^rg 11.00, or 3 tottles. |2.7S.
** Circular sent oa request.
DR. HALL'SREINYIGOBATORBKrag
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Flva ¦sJJf3»Ii'j,a
hundred reward for any caaa wa Efijfil E&S
cannot cur.. This secret rem- B . 1 3
edy cures Emissions. Impotency, mg» nj
Vaxlcocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. frH F&rn
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- W}\\ lffl'1
hood and all other wasting e[- Eal CsSa
fects of self-abuse or excesses. IPcrstKS*!
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guarantesd
to care any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTTrOTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. ' Also for sals at 1073)4
Market st. S. F. Send for free boo it. -
653 Market Street, Cal.
Other stores : v Sacra-
mento, Portland and
Spokane. .
POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC CO.,
A man skilled in music
and musical, instru-
ments, who knows the
foibles of the business,
says that unqualifiedly
the Pommer-Eilers Music
Co. is serving the public
with more fairness than
is any other store in the
land.
We shou'd be glad to
have you come in and
see our stock of pianos
any time.
If you do not care to
pay all cash we will ex-
tend the most liberal
terms, as little down as
you please and as much
as you want to pay each
month. It is. really, un-
der present conditions,
cheaper for you to own
a piano than it is to rent
one.
There are some pianos
made to cheat with and
used to chsat with. We
will not cut the quality
to throw a bone to a
price. If you want a
good, honest, straight,
reliable pian?, made as
well as a piano can be
made, made to last and
go down through the
years a pleasure in the
home, we stand ready
to figure with you. If
you want a piano that
will give satisfaction
first, last and a!! the
time we stand ready to
figure with you. If you
want a piano that will
be an ornament to and
a joy in your home we
stand ready to figure
with you. By this we
mean to say that under
no circumstances or
conditions will we allow
ourselves to be under-
sold in price if you are
looking for an instru-
ment of quality. *t : .
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
.23 I-'lrst street. lu FrincUca,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sin Francisco, Tuesday, 17 June. 1902. - .
25 cents ; ;
Special price for to-day,
luesday, only.
Beginning this morning at 8 o'clock, and continuing '
only until 6 o'clock this afternoon, we will sell wood
seat kitchen chairs, exactly like picture above, at 25
cents each.
These chairs have four spindles, and you may have
them finished (golden color) or unfinished (natural color
of the wood). The> r are sold regularly all over San
Francisco at 50 and 60 cents each.
Conditions of sale: Xo telephone or mail orders will
be honored — chairs must be bought in person. Not
more than six chairs will be sold to any one party. On
account of the great number of these chairs that will
undoubtedly be sold, delivery to*. all cannot be promised
under five days from this date. Remember, the sale is
positively for this one day (Tuesday) only.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 t°'977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.?
I tcvm k tD n 1 I* Ipa. ¦
I ¦"'x tm •' O h jL- J * f 3 w I % \ a 1
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sura Relief of Pain .and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to tho Sex. 9
Apiollne Capsules for three months cost $!.
' DrnggistorP. O. Box 2081, KewToxJc
I CURE MEN
; t^fflB- WITH LAME BACKS
¦§B%gV . WITH WEAK NERVES ;
! JP'T^Xa •^ l t H RHEUMATISM'
$k*^\ t^$2m WITH L0ST VITALITY
IMF'? lyVs^^~^^ With all those signs which tell a man
Ysr 'Sj*&s3B&S& * ie ls breaking, down, losing his grip.
ir v -\VW/v2liJp^ KE-SKfc * have the -remedy which gives back
7 v( UP*? W^sr < iat sna P' fi re an< i vim of youth. My
(f-'-^^sS&sU^/rfXs Iii|§Erfft. cures sell my Belt. They prove what I
il^^j^^^E^^i^^ L^Br Mr. A. C Hammond, 39 Merchants'
Exchange Building, San Francisco.
J\VV^TO^%i^f says: " Y ° ur -' Be It has cured me at the
.. WmiSSx/lifrf 1 V\ 'MESSwf a ? c °* 7^ ?* weakness. in the back and
JkIEKm M I ' I \ raSSSJg- kidneys, arid has given me more vigor
ij\ Is' JEfflaliiila? and sound health than I have had
A man is like a steam engine. It takes; steam to make him go. My
Belt -pumps .that, steam "'into him. ¦ , .„ ,
:. : :That's how it makes so many old men feel young.
" -v Mr. : A'.. Crawford/ Pokegama. Or., says: ' "I am 70 years old, but
your belt has made me 'feel like 35." . v 7^"
, .Try it, you weak men; you will find youth and vigor in it after
¦ everything' else fails!
Gall and test it.'.free. or 'I • will send you my illustrated book, free, if
,you will . enclose this ad. . • • . , : . .. .
/ Dr.;M. C;McLaughlin,v 9 P 6^^SEBT.
..'.'.; \ '"-.:', Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8:30, p. m.- Sundays, 10 .to 1.
:< ;,,\ NOTE— When rou, use. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric ?elt you are under the care of
' a physician. Agents or : drug: stores *rene\-er allowed to sell these goods.A resolution has been introduced into Congress
providing for adjournment on June 28, but nobody
,is bcttinz on it » ' . , .
NATIVE DAUGHTERS WILL
HAVE TO APPEAR IN COURT
\
Genevieve Parlor Matter Is to Be In-
vestigated in AH Its
Details.
There was a special session of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West yesterday for the purpose of
taking some action to avoid being pun
ished for contempt for not obeying the
alternate writ of mandamus issued bv
Judge Seawell. Five hours was spent In
trying to adjust the matter, and the only
question that was discussed was whether
the adjournment oh Sunday morning
would be deemed contempt, and the new
grand president would not assume the re
sponsibility of adjourning the Grand Par
lor to- June, 1903, but said the responsibil
ity would rest with the Grand Parlor. The
grand body did assume that responsibility
and adjourned until next June.
Yesterday, there was no response in
Judge Seawell's court when . the . man
damus proceedings were called, so the
matter was postponed until to-day, and It
is likely that the legality or illegality of
the institution of Genevieve Parlor will be
fully, gone into.
Cheap Rates to Minneapolis, Minn.
N. E. A. Convention. $S4 00. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sal«
July 1 and 2. good sixty daya. Only require*
six day* tor entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the «eason to visit "Na
ture's Greatest "Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." is unex
celled by any other. Seeing 1 is believing. T.
K. Stateler. general agent. 647 Market rt.. S. F.
The female mosquito has given a bad
name to the whole race, she alone doing
all the biting and singing for the whole
family.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. , •
Outing.
St. Dominics's Church picnic will take
place to-morrow and a large attendance
is expected. Those in charge of the affair
have selected Fernbrook Park. v Niles Can
yon^ as the spot for the annual outing
this year. The party will leave on the
ferry at 9:30 o'clock and will leave the pic
nic grounds for this city, at 6.' •
There will be dancing, athletic games
and handsome gate prizes. The chief
event of the day will be a tug-of-war be
tween, teams selected from the .Holv
Name Society. . *
A. most enjoyable day is promised to all
who attend. • ¦
a Merry Annual
Fernbrook Park "Will Be the Scene of
ST. DOMINICS PICNIC
TAKES PLACE TO-MORROW
Condition of His Eyes Causes Him to
HOBSON MAY BE PLACED
ON THE RETIRED LIST
Ask for Leave of
' Absence.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Constructor
Hobson ' applied . to-day . to Secretary
Moody for*a three m%nths* leave of ab
sence on account of the condition of his
eyes. He is now on special duty at Eliza
bethport, N. J. The Secretary 'conferred
albout this application with Admiral Tay
lor, Constructor Bowles and Surgeon Gen
eral Rixey and decided to allow the leave.
Naval constructors are badly needed Just
now, but Secretary .i Moody felt that he
cculd not disregard an appeal, based on
medical '- reasons, as stated by the sur
geon general. It is reasonably certain
that ' Hobson cannot remain In, active
service.'- At the expiration of the three
months' leave, If his eyes have not mate
rially improved, he will be ordered before
another retiring board, and it is believed
that he will be this time retired.
MABBIES ONE OF HER
FATHER'S SECRETARIES
Eldest Daughter of Senator. Hanna
Becomes the "Wife of Harry-
Parsons.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 16.— The mar
riage of Miss Mabel Hanna, eldest daugh
ter of Senator and Mrs._ M. A. Hanna, to
Harry Parsons of this city took place. this
afternoon at the Hanna residence in Lake
avenue.' j Bishop Leonard of the Episcopal
Church performed . the : ceremony. Only
the closest friends of the Hanna and
Parsons families were present. 1 . ¦
Immediately following the ceremony ¦ a
wedding feast was served, the guests" be
ing seated at small tables throughout the
house and veranda. The spacious man
sion was magnificently decorated with
flowers. This evening the | bridal couple
left for Sault Ste. ' Marie, Mich., where
the bridegroom owns a handsome summer
home, and where the honeymoon, will be
spent. - The groom has for some time past
acted as one -of Senator Hanna's secre
taries. .. '->-¦¦ ¦ . :
EXJSSIAN EXILES WILL : • ;¦
' BE ALLOWED TO RETUB1T
New Minister of the Interior Is U-
dined to Adopt Milder Meas
ures Generally. - ;
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 Market
street. Palace Hotel building. •
Californians in "New Tork.
NEW YORK, June 16.— The following
Californians are in New Tork:
From San Francisco— R. P. Allen, at
the Normandie; H. M. Sherman and wife.
Mrs. H. Terry and Miss R. Salinger, at
the Manhattan: H. von Bergen and wife.
Mrs. Barron, H. L. Barron and II. D.
Garrot, at the Holland: -A. Brockman, at
the Ashland; Mrs. H. L. Byrne. Mrs. M.
F. Coffey, W. H. Miner and R. Stetson, at
the Navarre: F. Coleman. at the Metro
politan; C. J. Conrad and wife, at the
Rossmore; I. : Cumsden and J. Y. Millet,
at the Astor: Dr. M. E. Gonzales, at the
Victoria; C. W. Hall, at the Continental;
D. Searfleld, at the Union Square; M.
Hoftuck, at the Broadway Central: Mrs.
F. Lambert, at the. St. George: L.. H.
McRoskey. at the Herald Square; W. R.
Robertson, at the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles— J. G. Wilson, at the
St. Denis. • ; . '
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 19
to 40c. Not© 81 4th, front barber, grocer.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
•—^v UR Eastern exchanges are noting with well-
I , 1 justified satisfaction the rapidity with which
N— S telephones are coming into use in the more
thickly settled rural districts of that section. An
illustration of the kind of news items that are now
becoming frequent is to be found in the report from
Pennsylvania that farmers living near Joanna "have
built a private telephone line between Conestoga and
Morgantown. In the evening after they have fin
ished their day's labor they attend to social.* inter
course and business among themselves over the line."
It is in New England that country telephones have
come into most extended use. The Southern New
England Telephone Company is reported to have
made special efforts to attract rural patrons, and by
giving low rates has succeeded in getting large
numbers' of farmers to put themselves in telephone
communication with, the neighboring villages' and
towns.
The advantages of the system are of course enor
mous. The farmer even more than the citizen needs
the telephone. Now that the movement toward sup
plying that kind of communication to rural districts
has been successfully launch' ed there are many sec
tions of California where it would be well to extend
it. In New England the system is said to cost the
farmer $18 a year, and for that sum he can communi
cate with any neighboring town . free .of further
charge. For more distant localities the price is
graded from five cents up to twenty-five cents. With
the telephone in his house the farmer is no longer,
isolated, nor is he required to make a journey every
time h£, desires some business conversation. The
telephone, in fact, will be a great improvement in
the conditions of rural life and will go far to make,
people more content to-live on the farm.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Towxuw&d'a.*
SHOULD the people of California desire to
study an object lesson in the science of. forestry
before entering upon an extensive system of
forest preservation at home, they can find one in
Saxony. In that kingdom the care of forests has
been exercised for so long a time that an efficient
system has been worked out. Tried and tested by
time and found effective in practical operation, the
work is no longer experimental. It ha*s been raised
to the level of a science and is now carried on with
results so profitable as to render it worth the study
of any people who have a forestry problem to solve.
In the current number of Consular Reports, Ernest
L. Harris, United States consular agent at Eiben
stock, gives a brief review of the results of Saxon
forestry for the past year and the showing is a notable
one. The kingdom contains twelve forest districts
which are subdivided into one hundred minor dis
tricts. In the aggregate these forests are valued at
$79»538,399. The annual expense of maintenance is
about $1,005,364. The income derived from them
last year was $3,246,976, and the net profit was $2, :
241,611. There was, y of course, a variation in the
profits derived from the different forests. Thus 1 the
forest of the district of Moritzburg yielded a pro'fit
of but 1.2 per cent, while that of Eibenstock yielded
3.13 per cent The average yield was 2.71 per cent.
It is to be borne in mind that the indirect benefits
derived from the forests are much more valuable than
the direct profits derived frpm the sale of timber,
fuel, etc. The report says: "The forests of Saxony
serve not only the purpose of giving the state a sub
stantial annual revenue, but they add a thousandfold
to the scenery of the country, thus attracting many
tourists into these parts every summer. The most
important feature of the forests, however, is the fact
that they keep forever alive the fountains of water
which spring from the highlands of Erzgebirge and
Saxon Switzerland. The forests furnish the material
and the water the motive power to hundreds of pulp,
paper and saw mills which in turn give employment
to thousands of men, women and children.
Surely it is'worth while for Californians to profit
byt_that lesson California's forests are -wasted
and her mountain slopes left desolate. •¦
COUNTRY TELEPHONES.
A MODEL FORESTRY SYSTEM.
State of Maine Association Meet.
The annual meeting of the State of
Maine Association of California was held
last Saturday In Its hall at 921 Broadway,
Oakland. The officers elected for the. en
suing year were: Andrew D. Smith, pres
ident; Captain Albert Shorey, first vice
president; Henry L. Carson, second vice
president; "William H. Wnaxff. secretary;
L. L>. Brown, treasurer.
The reports of the officers show that the
association Is at present in good financial
standing.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and New Pen
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— James C. Tyr
rell, Grass Valley; Washington— Harrison
Fuller,. Laekum. , -..
; The postofflces it Fresno and San Diego,
California/ will bes' advanced fifom the sec
ond to the first class July 1; LongBeach,
Palo Alto and San Luis Obispo, from tne
third to the second class; and Highland
and Ocean Park, from the fourth to the
presidential class. •:•
These' pensions were granted to-day:
Original — Bradley W. King, Sonoma, $6;
war with Spain— Charles F. Lewis, Pre
sidio, $10; Alexander Morrow, San Fran
cisco, $17; John Horan, Long Beach, $6.
Oregon— Increase — Christopher Pepper
lhig. Jordan, $12; David C. Rose, Corval
lis. $10; Christian Pehrson, Falls City, $10.
Washington— Increase— Charles F. Long
fellow, Seattle, $12. Widows— Clara H.
Beeman, Tacoma. $8; Julia G. Kimball,
Spokane, $8. ¦ —
Army orders — Captain Walter B. Bar
ker, quartermaster, goes from this city to
San Francisco, thence July 1 to the Phil
ippines.
The Sixty-fourth Company of artillery
is ordered from Alcatraz Island to Fort
Miley, ' Cal, and Companies Sixty-three
and Seventy-one from Alcatraz Island to
Fort Casey, Wash. /
MR. F. B. THURBER of New York has been
the most active ally of the Cuban junta in its
effort to force free trade upon this country.
A firm of high-priced attorneys have been employed
to write briefs and arguments, and with these and
appeals to humanity the country has been flooded.
Pathetic pictures of starving Cubans have been used
to arouse sympathy, and the junta has not scrupled
to attack Americans who oppose free trade and to
characterize them as worse than the Spaniards from
whbm the island was freed by the blood and money
of Americans. As the readers of The Call have had
occasion to know, this free trade campaign has been
prosecuted with wonderful energy and as wonderful
disregard of all American interests. The War De
partment has been distinctly offensive in the matter.
The Secretary of War has assumed the position of
dictator of the economic policy of the Government,
and has led several generals of the army in an assault
upon Congress and upon the protective policy of the
Republican party. General Wood, the army surgeon
whom seniority of rank, perhaps, made Governor
General of Cuba, has been especially active in the
matter. He has left his post of duty several times to
instruct Congress, and has done this with an over
bearing air of authority that was distinctly offensive.
Enough facts have come to light to show that indus
trial conditions in Cuba were not as he represented
them. The difference between the facts and his
statements is so great as to raise the suspicion that he
took no pains to know the facts, or no pains to
state them if known. Against this forcible array of
juntas, allies, attorneys, the War Department and
generals in uniform stood the farmers of the beet
sugar States in determined defense of their sole in
terest in protection. The profit on beets was the first
fruit of protection that had found its way to their
pockets. They hired no attorneys, they sought no
alien allies, they had no generals in uniform on their
side, but they put up a fight so stubborn that the War
Department retired, whipped, from the first skir
mish. But the fight has been renewed in the Senate.
The generals are, again in evidence and the same
series of misrepresentations is in use.
But a bomb has fallen in the midst of the company
of promoters of free trade. When Mr. Thurber was
before the Senate committee preparing to go into
tears in behalf of the suffering Cubans he was con
fronted with evidence that he had been paid a large
amount of money by somebody to promote the free
trade movement This he admitted, and then was
immediately faced with evidence that the money had
been taken out of the public revenues of Cuba and
paid to him by General Wood in his capacity as Gov
ernor of the island. Seeing no way out Thjirber ad
mitted this also. Now here is a transaction that has
no parallel in the history of the Government Wood
held his office and his authority through the War
Department. This country was in temporary mili
tary occupation of Cuba. The military Governor
controlled the public revenues, and he took from
them tens of thousands of dollars to be used by
Thurber "in controlling legislation here in favor of a,
few large sugar planters and against American inter
ests. It is a most extraordinary proceeding. It
marks the height to which either the desperation pr
the effrontery of the War Department has risen in
its attempt to substitute all other departments and
assume their functions. It was a misuse of Cuban
funds, for which there can be no punishment, and
was, apparently, an attempt by the War Department
to either mislead public opinion or corrupt legisla
tion.
The country has had a surfeit of this business, and
those in authority who. are urging more of it would
better stop where they are.
THOSE. CUBAN VOUCHERS.
C. Curlebois, Sheriff of Ventura, is at
the Lick. .
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
J. J. Hebbron, a cattleman of Salinas, is
at the Grand. . .
S. Mitchell, a banker of Visalia, is at
the California.
S. A. Bonnifleld, a mining man of Nome,
is at the Palace.
F. C. Lusk, a Chico attorney, Is regis
tered at the Palace.
H. J. "Whitney, a business man of Ba
kersfield, is at the Grand.
Edward Berwick, a fruit grower of Car
mel Valley, is at the Grand.
B. G. Parlow, a mining man of Placer
ville, is a guest at the Lick.
George Wapple, a prominent resident of
St. Louis, is at the Caluornia.
Lee L. Gray, a raisin . manufacturer of
Fresno, is registered at the Occidental.
1 "Vy. C. Price, a mining man who makes
his residence at Pasadena, is at . the
Grand, i .-*'.- .- ,,-r ~ --' -i r -i -
Alexander Williams, an ex-police in
spector of the New York department, is
at the Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs,
is here on a short business trip. He has
made his headquarters at the Grand.
Colonel G. "W. Macfarlane. the wealthy
planter of Honolulu and owner of the
California Hotel, arrived from the islands
last evening and is at the California.
Dr. Edward M. Short, the well-known
dentist, accompanied by his brother-in
law, Henry Shaw, left last evening for a
two weeks' vacation at Highland Springs.
The Right Rev. Gilstan R. Roper t,
the • Catholic Bishop of the Hawaiian
Islands, arrived on the steamship Ala
meda last evening and is at the California.
He leaves for Los Angeles to-day for a
three weeks' visit. His last visit to this
city was in 1893, when he was en route to
Rome..
PERSONAL MENTION.
TUESDAY .....JUNE 17. I9°2
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
lltztn All CeiaauiieiUcM U W. 8. LEASE, Hunger.
______ TELE pH0NE.
fcek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You T* i*h.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Blarlcet and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postages
CATLT CALL. (including Sunday), one year JG.00
DATiT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DA1LT CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILY CALI»— By Blo«le Month »5c
eUNDAT CALL, One Tear l.M
.WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of May, 1902.
May 1 61,740 May 17 59,710
May 2 C1,27O May 18 70,080
May 3 C1,O2O May 19 B9,88O
Way 4... 71.C4O May 20 e0 ' 1 I*'
Slay 6 <JO..-so May 21 59,560
Way O ....60,300 May 22 C2,22O
Way 7 GOJ13O May 23 60,920
Way 8 01,470 May 24 59,930
Ray » 00,420 May 25 71,080
ay 1O «o'lIM> May 26 60,30O
Way 11 70,340 May 27 60,170
Way J2 ,00,120 May 28 60,080
Way 13 CO,S3O May 29. . i 89,870
Way 14 C9.92O May 3O 60,900
Way 15 C9,52O1 May 31 60,590
Way 16 6O.26O -
Total •• l,915,SS0
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA. S ..
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, t BB -
On this 12th dav of June 1902. personally appeared before
me, William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the city
and county afore said. W. J. Martin, who being sworn aecord-
Ing to law declares that he is the Business Manager of the
6an Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published In the city
«nd county of San Francisco. State of California, and that
there were printed and distributed during the month of May,
3!'C2. one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand eight hun
dred and eighty (1.015.880) copies of the eald newspaper,
*Mch number divided by thirty-one (the number of days of
Issue) rives an average daily circulation of 61,802 copies.
I SEAL. | W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of June,
1902. W. T. HESS,
Notary Public la and for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels Bldg.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— After a dis
cussion extending over parts of several
days the Senate to-day passed what is
popularly known , as -the London.' dock
charges. bill. The" opposition to the meas
ure.collapsed and. it was passed: without
division. >'¦¦•
Consideration then was continued of the
isthmian canal project, Cullom of Illinois
and Kittridge of South Dakota delivering
speeches in advocacy of the Panama
route. Y< The former based '- his .argument
principally on the report of the Isthmian
Caral Commission recommending that
route, asserting that he was satisfied that
a good . to ¦ the property could be ob
tained.'. Kittridge f not onl strongly, fa
vored the Panama route, which, in his
judgment, was much the better, but also
attacked the j Nicaragua plan as lacking
in.definiteness. He pointed out that Costa
Rica was constitutionally unable to grant
the necessary | concession ! to the United
States, and said if the Nicaragua . route
were selected it would be a long time be
fore work could be begun, if it ever could
becin. ' i . ', ;¦•¦¦-.•¦
Just before adjournment a spirited dis
cussion was precipitated over a motion
by Proctor of Vermont to agree to a con
ference with the House on the army ap
propriation bill. Several weeks ago the
Senate was affronted by a message from
the House refusing, to submit to confer
ence certain Seriate amendments to the
bill. The opposition to Proctor's motion
was so vigorous that finally he was forced
to withdraw it for the present.
The House to-day transacted some mis
cellaneous business under suspension of
the rules.. It included the adoption of a
resolution appropriating $25,000 for . the
preparation of plans for a memorial \n
this city, to Abraham Lincoln, $100,000 to
ward the erection of a monument to the
prison ship martyrs who died off Brook
lyn as a result of the cruelties to which
they were subjected by the British during
the Revolutionary War and $10,000 for the
erection of a monument at Fredericks
burg, Va.,; to the memory .of General
Hugh Mercer, who was killed during the
the Revolutionary War, and $10,000 for the
ed to-day was to carry out an authoriza
tion made for this purpose in 1777 by the
Continental Congress. . ."¦•¦¦
Two bills were passed . to amend the
general pension laws — one to provide for
the restoration to the pension rolls of the
widows of soldiers who subsequently
married and were again widowed, and
one to increase the pension of those who
have lost a limb or were totally disabled
while In the military or naval service.
The latter bill also carries an important
provision to increase the pension of a sol
dier under the dependent act of 1890 from
$12 to $30 per month when such a pen
sioner requires frequent or periodical at
tendance. ¦
! The resolution calling on the Secretary
of War for his reasons for the dismissal
of Rebecca J. Taylor, a clerk in the War
Department, was laid on the table, 109 to
84. Thr^e Republicans voted on this ques
tion with the Democrats.
A resolution. to authorize the Secretary
of War in his discretion to favor* Ameri
can-built ships in the transportation of
Government supplies to the Philppines
was defeated.
Chester F. Wright and his former wife.
Tahoe D. Wright, were quietly married
Sunday aften^>on by the Rev. George C.
Adams, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, at his residence, 2710 De
visadero* street. Mr. Wright is a well
known corset manufacturer of this city.
Two months ago" Mrs. Wright sued her
husband for divorce and was granted a
decree. Mr. and Mrs. Wright will enjoy
an extended trip through the principal
cities of the East and upon their return
will, reside in this city.
The San Francisco Branch of the Amer
ican Park and Outdoor Art Association
met yesterday afternoon and discussed
ways and means. All members seemed
very enthusiastic and practical work bids
fair to be accomplished in out-of-door art
in this city.
' A San Francisco man, James H. Jen
nings, was married in Sacramento on
Thursday last, his bride being Miss
Blanche Twitchell, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Twitchell of that city. Rev.
C. L. Bonti officiated. The wedding oc
curred at the bride's home, which was
made beautiful with elaborate floral dec
orations. Mr. and Mrs. Jennings left for
Monterey to spend their honeymoon, after
which they will reside in Sacramento,
On Thursday evening last a score of
guests were charmingly entertained at
dinner by Charles Victor Miller in honor
of Mrs. Mary O. Stanton, the talented
writer and scientist. Those present were:
Mrs. Mary O. Stanton, Mrs. Susan Den
ton, Dr. H. Brown, Dr. Florence Temple.
Mme. Marcband Priet, Mrs. Fauser, MJas
Fauser, Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Miss Rose
Gray, Mrs. Engel, Mrs. I. W. Thurston,
Miss Wllle: • Messrs. Will Millner. Ed
Wigemann, George Fauser, William Mor
ton, William Benthein, Sol Sharp. Beck
with I. Mourst and the host.
J. Salz, 2123 Broadway, announces tha
engagement of his daughter, Amy Joseph
ine Salz, to Melville Klauber of San
Diego.
Miss Edith Huntlngton is at San Ra
fael spending a few days with her cousin,
Mrs. James A/ Black.
Mrs. R. H. Warfield and her son, Emsr
son Warfield, sailed on the Peking yes
terday for Japan. They will stop at Hon
olulu and Nagasaki, then return on the
Copt'c to Yokohama, where they will re
main another month. They will return to
this city about the middle of Augmf.
Many friends gathered at the dock to bid
them bon voyage and their staterooms
were filled with flowers, books, boxes of
candy and other remembrances from
thoughtful ones
Miss Pearl Landers is expected to re
turn to-day from Burlingame. where she
has been tne guest of Mrs. Henry T.
Scott.
• • •
Miss Kcthryn Robinson Is tha guest cf
Miss Etalka WiUlar at her home In Sau
sallto. Fotfc will leave for Howell Moun
tain on Thursday, accompanied by Mrs.
Theller, Miss Robinson's married sister.
Miss Emily "Wagner left for Ne-w York
on Friday to remain Indefinitely. She will
probably visit her mother In France be
fore x>;tuiiiiEg to the coast.
Dr. T. F. Brennan returned from, the
East Saturoay.
Mr. and Mis. A. Roth and son hwft
gone to Lcterers Springs for the SMmmer.
Among the guests at Hotel Rowar^gcn
nan are Edgar A. Rochat. Florence. xSt5=»
chat, Lillie M. Rochat, Fuller Rochat,
Frieda Chland, ELK Meyer and wife,
Laura D. Meyer, George H. C. Meyer and
George F. Vdkmann. :"¦¦'-'.'
F. W. Derrick, who filed a suit for $50,
000 damages for alienation of ,hl3 wife's
affections against Frank Carmichael, pur
chasing agent of the Harbor Commission
ers, Saturday, filed an answer to the
divorce complaint of his wife, Estella
Derrick, yesterday. He denies that he
ever treated her cruelly, and blames Car
michael for his unhappiness. He alleges
that Mrs. Derrick allows Carmichael to
kiss and embrace her, to eat at her table
and to help himself from the cash regis
ter at the bakery conducted by her on
Mission street. '
Elizabeth Wedekind, wife of Police Of
ficer Charles. B. "Wedekind, filed a suit for
maintenance against her husband yaster
clay. Sfie alleges that he has failed to
provide for her since April 30, 1902. .They
were married at Stockton in December,
1900.
Luke L. Battles, son of the well-known
Republican politician of that name, -is
suing Clara C. Battles for divorce for de
sertion. He charges his wife with leav
ing: him in September. 1900. The Battleses
were married at San Rafael in Septem
ber, 1897. . . ¦
M. L. Furtado, who keeps a cigar stand
at the corner of Twenty-secpnd and Mis
sion streets, brought a suit for divorce
against Lena Dolores Furtado yesterday.
He charges her with infidelity. ,
Jennie Rickards filed a suit for support
against her husband, George J. Rickards,
yesterday, alleging that he has not pro
vided for her of their two children since
January 17, 1902. Rickards is a van driver
earning $100 a month.
Birdie Long is suing Frank Long for
divorce for. failure to provide.
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered John
M. Evans to pay his wife, Mary Evans,"
$40 a month,; pending the trial of the suit
for divorce brought by .Mrs. • Evans.
Evans, who keeps a saloon at 116 Eddy
street, achieved considerable notoriety a
lew weeks ago by causing the arrest of
Deputy County Clerks Fred Conway and
R. E. Lyons on a charge of appropriating
$250 bail money put up by him to secure
the release of Jessie Holland. Mrs.
Evans charges him with giving to an
other woman the name that belongs to
her. ;
Divorces were granteS yesterday to
Maggie Gardiner from Charles. H. Gar
diner for failure to provide; Mary Tiede
mann from. Joseph Tiedemann for deser
tion; Sarah J. Herrick from J. E. Herrtek
for desertion; Adele Riche fr&n Louis
Riche for desertion, and Frederick Nor
man Ayles from Mary Ann Ayles for In
temperance.
The Governor does not bring the suit in San Francisco, where the defendants
live; nor in Los Angejes, where he lives," nor in Sacramento, where'Uhe prison docu
ments on file at the Capitol are readily accessible; nor in Marin County, where the
offenses were committed, nor in any place where it would be easy for the witnesses and
the documentary evidence in the case to be produced. He turns aside from all those
places and seeks an obscure township, remote from the scene of the offense* and obtains
his warrants there.
What motive prompted this recourse to a distant out of the way place in bring
ing^ suit which involves his official \ v integrity and his personal honoris beyond.. the
comprehension of ordinary men. In this as in so many other. things the ways of Henry
T. Gage are peculiar.
Trial at Wilmington Township will of course be inconvenient and costly. Wit
nesses residing in San Francisco, Sacramento, Alameda and Marin County will have to
make the long journey, and when they arrive at Wilmington Township they will find no
hotel accommodation. Official documents and records on file in Sacramento or at San
Quentin will have to be taken there. The witnesses who live at Los Angeles near the
point of trial are few, and consist, wholly of persons who are beneficiaries of the frauds.
The inconvenience of the place evidently is counted' by Gage as an ; advantage to
himself. Doubtless he thinks that the farther he gets away from the scene of the
wrongs, the records of the State prison, and the residence of the merchants who are to
be witnesses against the prison administration, the better it will be for him. As for the
cost of the trial in that out of the way place, Gage thinks nothing. It is to be a criminal
case and accordingly the costs of the prosecution are to be paid not by Gage, the prose
cutor, but by the county of Los Angeles.
The Call knows of no reason why the State officials and the witnesses in the case
should be subjected to the inconvenience of attending a trial in a" distant place where
there are no accommodations. A fair and a full trial could have been had in this county,
in Sacramento, in Alameda, in Marin or in Santa Clara. Gage could have had his choice
of any Superior Judge he might prefer to try the issue. The Call would have interposed
no objection to any of them.
In declaring first that The Call had not charged him witlv any knowledge - of
wrongdoing, Gage showed signs of a desire to shirk the issue. Then when he held £
secret investigation of his own, instead of calling upon the Prison, Directors W make one
openly and fairly, he exhibited a fear that something might be clisclosed ttrct~w6uld hurt
him. Now by making a criminal prosecution in an obscure township he ''seems to be
seeking a means of prolonging the case and getting a trial postponed perhaps in
definitely. ¦ >\. . -_ ; _. , : _..-,/ > ; . '
Whatever be the meaning of the*Wilmington Township move, it matters little. ,If
the courts decide that Wilmington Township is the place for the hearing, The Call will
be ready to meet the issue. The Call stands by its record. It will; prove the truth of
all of its charges and statements. It meets the prosecution with a demand for a speedy
trial and a full investigation'.
G. OVERNOR GAGE r has procured from a- Justice of the Peace of Wilmington
Township/ Los Angeles County, warrants for thearrest of the proprietor and
the manager of The Call upon a charge of publishing/a criminal libel against
himself. In answer to the charge The Call will assert the truth of every state
ment it has published concerning the frauds at San Quentin and will demand a' prompt
trial of the case. • i .
Were the ; office of. Governor of California filled by any other person than Henry
T. Gage,\the proceedings taken in this case- would be surprising. When. f lhe charges of
The Call concerning the violations of law in the administration of San Quentin prison
were published, together with some important parts of the evidence that sustains them,
Governor Gage gave out an interview on the subject to the Los Angeles Recordi In
the course of that interview he is quoted as saying: "You will notice that nowhere in
these articles is it stated that I bad any knowledge of wrongdoing, or participated
knowingly in anything wrong/' That statement, published in the Record on May 26,
was republished in The Call May 27 for the purpose of giving the Governor's side' of
the story. He has now revoked that statement and alleges not only that The- Call 'has
charged him with knowingly participating in wrongdoing, but in his complaint of crim
inal libel distorts and misrepresents the statements of The Call for the purpose of making
them appear "willful and malicious." ..
Whether the Governor's mind was changed by its own meditation on the subject,
or whether the change was brought about by the prompting of others, matters little. It
suffices that after making an attempt at a secret investigation, conducted by himself, and
finding that The Call exposed the folly of that course, he has decided to appeal to
the courts. .
KITTRIDGE AND
CULLOM URGE
PANAMA ROUTE
DERRICK SAYS
HIS WIFE LOVES
ANOTHER MAN
LATEST NEWS
OF THE CITY'S
SOCIAL WORLD
PROMPT TRIAL DEMANDED
THE SAST FRAjSTCISCO CArKL, TUESDAY; j;UNE* 17y 1902.
The political struggle of the year in Pennsylvania
is virtually over. Pennypacker, gets, the: Republican
nomination for Governor, which is the prize plum,
and- everybody says Quay shook the tree.
Mark Twain has been made' an LL.D by the
University of Missouri, but we 'shall have to wait
furtherjdevelbpments.to know' whether the degree is
to be treated seriously or as ; a joke: '.
It is not safeto^say-as goes Oregon so goes' the
country," but it may be. said- of the recent Congres
sional elections in that State "as the country is going
so Oregon has went."
- .According to the way fancy paints it, London
during the coronation ceremonies, is to be as /gor
geous as a scene in fairyland^ but to some of the peo
ple who live there the aspect is .different. For ex
ample/a poet in the Westminster Gazette addresses it
thus: "Hideous city, one vast, wooden grandstand
for coronation procession." ,. , ¦
The defect in the Cuban reciprocity bill is that
there is no reciprocity in it, so it is not strange that
the advocates of the scheme prefer to press it as an
administration measure rather than discuss it on its
merits. .
Hanna says it is to be "Panama or nothing," and
Morgan says it is to be "Nicaragua or nothing"; so
the majority seems to be in favor, of nothing.
Senator Hoar told the Senate that we have ex
pended $400,000,000 in assimilating the Filipinos, and
as the Senate shows a willingness to continue the ex
penditure indefinitely, it is clear that the doctrine
that money rules the American mind is essentially
wrong. A call to war and victory is worth millions of
jDoney in this cotmtry at any titu*. .
6
ST. PETERSBURG, June 16.— An enu
meration of the persons, including work
ing people, expelled' from various cities
during the last two and a half i years of
the administration of the late Slpiagulne,
the Minister of the Interior, who was as
sassinated April 15, drawn up by the In
structions; of /M.\ von Plehwe,, who suc
ceeded M. Sipiaguine, shows the enormous
total of 60.000. M. von Plehwe has! decided
to clean this slate so far as possible and
permit the exiled people to return, as he
does not desire to inherit the hatred In
spired by M. Siplaguine. ' . It is said that
Plehwe Is Inclined to adopt milder meas
ures generally, but the reactionists, under
the leadership of Count Sheremetieff, are
still : influential with the .Czar. :>
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator,
Best L4 ver Medicine. Vegetable Care for Liver Ills.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*
The Parana of Brazil and Argentine la
2200 miles in length, and after the Ama-
zon is the largest river In South America.
50 SUESCEIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THES01MER.
Call «ntiacrlber» contemplating * change of
residence during: the summer months can hare
Ibrir paper forwarded toy " mall to their new
Addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also lie on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all tovrns on the coast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.Fine hardwood parlor )
table, 24-inch square top, )
$1.OO« Entire houses, j
flats and hotels furnished. \
Credit and free delivery
within 100 miles \
T. BRILLIANT
£ FURNITURE CO.^ j
338-342 FOST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. ';
t *According to all the parties concerned
it will take some time to pass upon the
title to the property. The title has been
vested in the, brokers. Some of those who
were owners are dead. While their inter
est in their property descends to their
heirs, the brokerage seat. ¦ of course, de
parted from ownership at their death.
The exchange building was erected in
1S76 and It cost about $500,000. The lot
upon which it stands Is 00x137:0 feet,, the
building occupying 77:6x137:6 feet. There is
an alley on the east and . Laura, piace is
on the west. To turn the old-time struc
ture into an office building it will be
necessary to remodel it extensively. The
Intentions of the purchasers in that re
gard are not made known. When the
money is paid for the lot and building it
will be divided among the Associated
Stock Brokers.
The Company of Associated Stock Brok
ers of the San Francisco Stock and Ex
change Board voted* yesterday s lo ratify
the proposition of the directors for the
sale of the exchange building on Pine
street to Marion Leventrirt for the sum
of $300,000. If the title is . found
to be satisfactory to the pur
chaser, who represents others whose
names are not made public, the Bale will
bo completed. The Stock Board has un
der the terms of the sale one year's lease
of the exchange board rooms and offices
at the rate of $300 per month. There will
therefore be no interruption to the daily
sessions of the brokers.
Associated Brokers Vote
to Cod firm Action
of Directors.
SELL OLD HOME
OF STOCK BOARD
Harry Robin was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of burglary.
He is accused of breaking into the stables
of P. Mellon, wood and coal dealer, 33
Turk street, last Saturday morning and
stealing a set of harness. ,
Charged With Burglary.
H. M. Forrester, alias Foster, alias Ad
amson, an ex-convict, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of burglary in $2000
bonds. Sunday, June 8, he broke into The
residence of S. F. Grissim, 1002 Leaven
worth street, and stole sixty-four pieces
of silverware and other articles. There
are several other charges against him.
Held for Burglary.
Mrs. Hattie Noonan Has Kittie
Smith Arrested for Disturbing
the Peace.
Kittle Smith, alias Myrtle Reece, who
says she is stewardess on the steamer
Mohican, was convicted by Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of disturbing the
peace and was ordered into custody to
appear for sentence this morning.
The complaining witness against her
#vas Mrs. Hattie Noonan, a hard-working
woman, who is employed in a biscuit fac
tory, thereby supporting her two young
children. She lives at 36^ Gilbert street,
her husband being Frank Noonan, a sub
stitute fireman. She testified that the de
fendant had alienated her husband's . af
fections and wore his photograph on a
button. Last Thursday she met Police
man Joy on Pacific street and was telling
him about her husband "when the de
fendant came up to her and attempted to
strike her, but was prevented by the offi
cer. She asked the defendant to give her
her husband's photograph, but she re
fused and again attempted to strike her
when the officer arrested her.
Mrs. JCoonan added that her husband
had threatened to "fix her" if she testi
fied against the defendant, andUhe Judge
irsued a subpena for him to appear in
court to answer to the charge of intimi
dating a witness. .
German Expert Optician B. Joesten's glasses
and eye water excel; read testl'ls. 1187 Market.*
At a meeting held yesterday by the
Licensed Chinatown Guides at Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, for the purpose of
organizing an association for their mutual
protection and the protection of tourists,
satisfactory understanding was reached,
and the association was formed. It will
be known as the San Francisco Guides'
Association.
Guides Form an Association.
The Board of Supervisors . adopted a
resolution yesterday which was immedi
ately signed by Mayor Schmitz and calls
on the Market Street Railway Company,
California Street Railroad Company, Pre
sidio and Ferries Railroad Company, the
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
Company, the gutter Street Railroad Com
pany, and all others possessing street rail
roads to offer their properties for sale to
this city.
The resolution was adopted in conjunc
tion with the expressed intention of the
board to acquire for the people by orig
inal construction or reconstruction and
completion the Geary Street, Park and
Ocean Railroad, the franchises of which
expires on Xovember 6, 1903.
An ordinance was referred to the Char
ter Amendment Committee which pro
poses an amendment to Article XII of
the charter requiring the preparation of
plar.s and estimates of cost of public util
ities only when the Board of Supervisors
determine to acquire any public utility
or the electors petition for the acquisition
thereof by the city and county. The ordin
ance also provides for the submission of
the question of the acquisition of any
utilities petitioned for by the electors and
of incurring a bonded Indebtedness there
for at one election. The amendment pro
posed to section 29 of Article XVI is de
signed to permit any number of proposi
tions for the acquisition of public utilities
to be submitted at one election.
An ordinance was passed to print re
quiring phvsicians to report in writing to
the Health Officer every case of varicella
or chicken pox within 24 hours after dis
covers'.
',n expenditure of $3240 56 was author
ized out of the urgent necessity fund to
provide for the additional compensation
due to Recorder's copyistg. the appropria-
ALLEGES HER HUSBAND 'AC^,
LOVES ANOTHEB WOMAN
Supervisors Invite Bids
on All Existing
Properties.
CALL ON STREET
ROADS TO SELL
The contracts for furnishing coal for
the City and County Hospital was award
ed to Thomas Mortpn, San Francisco and
San Joaquin Coal Company, and A. C.
Campbell, who will deliver respectively
300 tons of Wellington coal at $8 10 per
ton; 1O0 tons Tesla briquettes at $6 75 per
ton, and 100. tons Roslyn coal at $7 60 per
ton. ~ t
tion in the budget being inadequate for
their payment. Provision was made for
only 19 copyists, jbut the Recorder was
compelled to employ 26 on account of in
creased business.
An expenditure of $650 was authorized
to be made out of the urgent necessity
fund to fit up the new Harbor police sta
tion. ;
An ordinance was passed to print grant
ing the Commercial Pacific Cable Com
pany the franchise to construct an under
ground conduit beginning at the intersec
tion of Fulton street with Forty-seventh
avenue and running along designated
streets to the company's office in the Ho
bart building.
The attention of the Board of Public
Works was called to the nuisance caused
by clouds of dust arising from the grad
ing operations in the Potrero district and
being blown over. Kentucky street, from
Eighteenth to Twenty-third, to the an
noyance of residents and business men
occupying that thoroughfare. The Board
cf Works was requested to take immedi
ate steps to abate the nuisance.
The Board of Works was authorized, to
expend $2000 in completing the construc
tion of the Army-street sewer.
The ordinance requiring the use of
grooved girder rails on street roads was
rerel'erred to th« Street Committee.
Supervisor Brandenstein held that the
owners of the property should help the
city out by trying to sell the land involved
in the judgment. He said that the land
was of no use to the city for park pur
poses, although he recognized the legality
of the tinal judgments obtained by che
owners. Brandenstein, however, was the
only Supervisor voting against the reso
lution.
The claims amounting to $25,000 upon
linal judgments filed by Henrietta Marke
witz, Joseph Goldstein and others arising
out of the suits commenced for the con
demnation of certain property for the
proposed St. Mary's Square were ordered
paid by the Board of Supervisors yester
day. An ordinance authorizing the'pay
ment of the judgments out of the fund
of $125,000 set aside for St. Mary's Square
was passed to print. Attorney Naphtaly
explained the legal aspect of the claims,
showing the Judgments are irrevoca
ble. Action was taken, notwithstanding
that the Auditor and Treasurer have been
enjoined from drawing on the fund pend
ing the final decision of its status by the
Supreme Court.
Attorney Charles Heggerty made a plea
that notwithstanding the opinion of the
City Attorney that resolutions of awards
of contracts for supplies need not be pub
lished in the official, paper, that they be
printed in conformity with the usual cus
tom of the board. The board decided to
advertise the ; awards this year, the
amount Involved being some $1700. The
City Attorney's opinion was referred to
the Committee on Judiciary and Print
ing to inquire into its legal effect, with
particular, reference to the charter re
quirements that the advertising must be
done.
Grattan Phillips urged the payment of
the claims of Phillips, Smyth & Van Or
dren for postal cards, stamps and print
ing, amounting to $1400, which had been
held up by the Finance Committee. Su
pervisor Brandenstein explained that
Phillips' firm had imposed upon the city
to the extent of $2000 in printing tran
scripts on appeal, and the City Attorney
has been asked for an opinion 'as to
whether any redress- could be had against
the firm or -Its bondsmen. Supervisor Wil
son said that the Finance Committee had
acted under the charter provision that no
claim shall be paid to any firm or person
who is indebted to the city. The claims,
however, were ordered paid by a vote' of
l;t ayes to 2 noes. *
The. San Francisco Retail' Merchants'
Association petitioned that the proposed
ordinance imposing a special tax on retail
druggists be referred to a joint meeting
of the Judiciary and License Committees
on Friday afternoon, June 20, when the
committee of .ten representing the local
retail druggists desire to be granted^ a
hearing. . : . • , » .
The Board of Supervisors adopted a res
olution yesterday granting the Atchison,
Topeka and, Santa Fe Railway Company
permission to construct a steel draw-,
bridge across Channel 'street at the foot
of Third street within three years' time.
The resolution is in conformity with 1 the
offer, of the company to build the bridge"
at its own expense, the estimated cost
being some $70,000. The company at one
time offered to stand one-half the ex
pense, the city to bear the other* half,
but in v4ew of the immense privileges
granted to the corporation by the city it
decided to relieve the board from any re
sponsibility in the premises. S
A resolution was finally passed provid
ing that incidental to the proposed change
of grade in the Nuevo Potrero district
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way Company be required to construct a
temporary wooden footbridge on Twen
tieth street, between Iowa and Tennessee,
and that within five years the wooden
bridge shall be replaced by a steel wagon
and foot bridge of a width of thirty-three
feet, of which twenty-two feet shall be
used for vehicles and the remainder for
pedestrians. • .
The Santa Fe Company, was granted
permission to excavate below the Oiucial
grade on Eighteenth street for 100 feet
easterly from Indiana street, with the
understanding that a steel viaduct of the
full width of Eighteenth street shall .be
maintained by the company. . ; •; ¦
Grant Franchise to Commer
cial Pacific Cable '
Company. ?
Supervisors Say Resolutions
of Award Must Be
Advertised.
Big Improvement for the
Foot of Third
/ V Street.
Supervisors Order Draft
on St. Mary's Square
Fund.
SANTA FE WILL
BUILD A BRIDGE
CITY MUST PAY
BIG JUDGMENTS
Your First Duty to Yourself
I»\to look after your own comfort. Th» com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each' always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS
P.> C. P. : A.. 37 Crocker building, San Fran-
The First Hungarian Mutual Aid So
ciety will hold its twenty-second annual
picnic at : Fairfax Park on Sunday, "July
6th. The members of this organization
are making extraordinary efforts to make
their picnic a financial as well as a so
cial success, as the entire receipts are to
go toward , the : L.ouls Kossuth -monument
fund. The monument Is to be erected at
Cleveland, Ohio, by the Hungarians of
tne United States.- Ine local society of
San Francisco expects the patronage or
all the Hungarians in. the vicinity as well
as of the many admirers of the great-pa
triot, Louis 'Kossuth.
For Kossuth's Monument.
In deciding the case, Judge Kerrigan
held that the contract is a direct viola
tion of the Sherman act, which provides
that contracts • or agreements tending to
interrupt or : interfere with the progress
of. trade are invalid. .
In December,' 1901, the salt company
purchased from Getz Bros. 1516 ton3
of salt en route from Liverpool and con
signed to the grocers, also Duying the op
tion held by Getz Bros, in 2500 tons of
saline chemical. For the' cargo I and- the
option the trust offered two checks of
$5000 each, Getz Bros, agreeing that they
would not purchase salt from any firm on
this coast but the Federal Salt Company.
When the checks were presented for pay
ment they were dishonored and Getz
Bros, brought ; suit to enforce their pay
ment.
Judge Kerrigan decided yesterday that
Getz Bros., the grocers, were not entitled
to $10,000 for which they sued the Federal
Salt Company. The decision is an im
portant'one in that it affects contracts
of a peculiar nature made between trusts
and wholesale dealers.
Judge Kerrigan Decides Contract
With Grocery Firm Is Violation
of Sherman Act.
CANNOT ENFORCE -PAYMENT
OF SALT COMPANY'S CHECKS
These are" the statements that Mr.
Briggs has submitted to the State Board
of Trade. He was instructed by the
board to prepare a communication to be
forwarded to the. Southern Pacific Com
pany's traffic people. . The counties that
support the State Board of Trude are in
large grain-growing regions, and they
have a live interest in anything that con
cerns the cost of getting grain to market.
Arthur R. Briggs has a hard question
to ask the Southern Pacific Company in
behalf of the grain growers of the State.
According to a statement he has made to
the State Board of Trade the big: trans
portation company is discriminating
against the grain growers as compared
with its treatment of the fruit men of
California. Grain bags when empty and
on their way to the ranchers to be .filled
with grain for shipment, so he sets
forth, bring a rate for freight to the
transportation lines of $7 20 per ton. On
the same bags the rate, so finds Mr.
Briggs. is only $2 65 when they are filled
with grain. Why there is this difference
grain raisers of the State have been en
deavoring to find out without success.
There is no complaint that the rate on
the filled grain bags is too low— only that
the charge for moving empty sacks is
too high. In the case of empty cars go
ing to be filled with deciduous fruits from
the orchards of California there is no
charge for the haul to the orchards.
When the large charge of |7 20 per ton
is put on empty grain sacks the discrim
ination against the grain • producers be
comes apparent.
Find Discrimination in
the Matter of Sack3
Moved Empty.
GRAIN GROWERS
WANT LOW RATE
SAN FRANCISCO CALli,v TUESDAY, JUNE IT, 1902^
7
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
AMTTSEMENTa
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
- Trains leave and are due to arrive at
s»AN 1'BANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Msrlcet Street )
leatb — From Jpx» 1. 1902. — abkitk
7:00a Benlcla, SuUun, Elmira and Sacra-
¦ mento •. B.55r
7.00a Vacavllle, Winter*. Ramsey 7.55?
7.30a. Martinez, Saa Ramon, Vallejo,
" Napa, Callstoga, Santa Roaa 625p
8.00a I)av U. Woodland, Knizhts Landing,
MarysTllle, Orovllle.: 7-55r
8.00a Atlantic Expresi-Osden and East. 8-25a
8.00a Nile*. Lfttnrop, Stockton 7.25r
8OO.1 Mies, Mend ota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
Porterville ..:... 4.55*
8-30a Shasta Express— jDarle, William*
(for Bartletc Springs), Wlllowa,
Ued Bluff, Portland 7.55>
8.33a Saa Jose. Llvermore, .Stockton, . . v.
. lone, Sacrsmento. Placcrvllle,
Marysvllle, CUlco, Ked Bluff 4.25f
8.30a Onkiiale.CtHnese.SoQora.Tuolcmne 4-26'
9.00a Vallejo— .• 12.25*
9.03a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Karmond.Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25*
" 9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65p
10.00a Hajward, Niles and Way Stations. ttS.SSr
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden, 1
Denver. Omaba, Chicago ..... 525p
tl OOP Sacramento River Steamers tl 1 .00*
3-00* Bentcla. • Winter?, Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. Marysrllle,
Orovllle 1055*
3.30r Har*rard,K!les and Way Stations.. 765*
4.00P MartInez,SanK4imon,VaneJo,Napa,
Callstoga, Santa Roea 9-25*
4.00* Nlles, Llvermore. Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25* .
4.30p l(ayward,NUes,SanJose,Llvermore t8.55*
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8 55a
6.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop.Stockton 1025a
6.00* Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25*
t5.30r Kile* Local 725a
• 6.00p Hayward. Nllci tnd San Jose. ...... 7.65a
t6.0QP Vallejo .' 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
. Omaba, St. Louis. Chicago 4-25*'
7:00* San Pablo. Port Coata, Martlne*
and Way Stations 11.25a
17.00* Vallejo ; 755*
8.05P Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. iMarysvitle, -Ueddlng.
Purtland. I»4i«et Sound and Etut. 8.65a
ja.10* Hayward and X lies J11.55A
~ COAST LINE (>*rrow«an 5 e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion........ J8.05*
8.15a Kewark, Centerrllle. San Jose. -. ,
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Cruz and W*y Stations 5 50*
T2.16? Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
4.15p Newsrtc. San Jose, Los Oatos 18-SOa
' *4.15p San Jom, Lo« Gatoa. SantaCrnz... c350a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN rKASCISCO, Foot of M*rket St. (Slip 8)
— t7:15 9:00 11:00 aJi.- 1.00 3 00 G.15*.*.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +fi:00 J8:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. .12 00 2-00 400 *¦».
COAST LINE (Broad Uatt;e).
(Third ana Townsend Screef.)
8.10a San .lose and Way Stations „ 8.38a
+7.00.V San Jose and Way buttons ,. t8-00A
/7.10a Kcw Almaden /4.10*
17.15a. Monterey Excursion J3-39*
800a Cooxt Line Limited — San .lose,
Gilroy. Sallna*. San Lais Obtspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, , ; : y ;/•
Paclflc Grove, Sallnns. S>n Lutt
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations- j 4.1ft*
10.30v San Jose and Way Stations ¦ 8.38a
11.30a SanJose,Lo*OHto»andWay3tatloas + SC0a
a1.30i> San Jose and Way Stations a7.00*
2.30p San Mateo. Uedwood, Palo Alto,
Santa ' Clara. San Jose. Tres
Ptno% Santa Cruz, Sallus*. Dc!
Jlonte, Monterey aud 1'aclllc
Grove........... 10.45a
t3-30* San Jose and Way Stations 730?
t4.00* D«jI Monte Express— Only stops San
jo«5...../. .m.oiF
4.30p SanJoseandPrlncipalWayStatlons 1.307
15-00* San Jo»i\ Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 545OT
5.30* San Jo«e and Prlnclp*nv«y Stations 6-30*
t8.15P San Mateo. Belmont. Ked wood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6.4S*
8.30* San Jose and Way SUtlon* :. 7.30#
7.00* New Orleans Express — San Lnla
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlnor. El Paso. New
Orleans and East..... 10 I&fr
j «11.45pSan Jose and Way Stations... ..... '
"~ A for Morning. J P for Afternoon,
t Sunday escepted. t Sunday only,
c Saturday only. c Monday only. ;
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Frldajb t
Sunday only. , ¦ ¦ ¦ .
J iHt wHiiE t-ASS AND
I YUKON ROUTE
' ' Shortest and quickest route to A t-
' lln, UlK Salmon, White Horse,
" Hoo<allu<ina, Stennrt UUer, ,
• > Klondike, Ivoyakuk and Vu- ,
• Uon ."Mliilnsr Dlstrletn. - -,
• ONI.Y DIKBCT LINK TO DAVVSCN ,
'.,,-. TEX DAYS SAN FRANCISCO To
,,V: :¦¦ •} DAW8O5.
For full- information apply to
" J. FRANCIS LEE. S. P. BROW2*.
< Traffic Mgr.. Beat- Gen. - Agent, 538
' tie. Wash. ; Skag- Market at.. Saa
r uay, Alaska. Francisco. - >
• • > ••••••••• ?»««¦»»»»» u ~~ a ,.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
" Leave Via Sausalito Ferry '- Arrive
San- Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- n,^.^^,. T«a- Week
? : 30a- | : Wa. r^ r^ min i m^ tt 7:OT 12:15 p. 9.15a.
• ::::::::: "•» p: "titeri of timifjuj- 5 jg 1 ••
2:30 p. Qy»M**j-*no**. 8:15 P. "Z
SITUROATS OILT-Umr. T«T,m +.X r. «rl,. Su rr.«*«o Il:» r. '
Ilcktt 0O«j. «l JIAH&ST STHE2I u] 8AC3AUT0 Illitl.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
"After using one bottle of 'Herpicide'
my hair has stopped falling out and my
scalp is entirely free from dandruff.
(Signed) "Grace JJodge,
"Beauty Doctor.
"195 Sixth street. Portland, Or."_
Women who make a business of beau-
tifying other women come, pretty near
knowing what will bring about the best
results. Here are letters . from tv. r o con-
cerning Herpicide:
"I can recommend 'Newbro's Herpicide,'
as it stopped my hair from falling out;
and as a dressing it has no superior.
(Signed) "Bertha A; TruLllnger,
"Complexion Specialist,
"291% Morrison. street, Portland, Or."
Beauty Doctors Endorse Herpicide.
COlffFETENT JUDGES.
OND WEEK, CROWDED
L AS NEVER BEFORE.
EVENING. 8:10. MATINEES, 2:10.
EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY.
FLORENCE HUBERTS
SuDDOrted by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belasco's Great Play,
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAT. '
Seats Now Selling for This and Next Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY."
LAST NIGHT— TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORGAN
In the Most Magnificent Production of
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
• Ever Seen on Any Stage.
Same Popular Prices 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week
MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD MORGAN In
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
a" BIG NEW SHOW!.
Eleanor Falk and Her 10 Girls;
Bedini and Arthur; Loris and
Altina; Swan and Baznberg; Twin
Sisters Meredith; Cushman, Hol-
combe and Curtis; Howard Cham-
bers; Barton and Ashley, and the
Biograph. 1 ;'-«/. h
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; box seats
and opera chairs, 50c.
™S CHUTES!
Fulton SJxeet and. Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
KELLY AND ' KENT; MURPHY AND
SLATER: EDYTHE TILDEN; NELLIE
MONTGOMERY: SID BAXTER; ROMANY
TRIO. AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Daily and Nightly! Don't Fall to See
HARDY DOWNING LOOP THE LOOP
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
AMATEUR LIVING PICTURES THURSDAY.
Admission 10c Children. ; ittc
Phone for Seats— Park 23..
Fischer's Theater.
Your Demands
Health Laughter
FIDDLE DEE DEE
IS THE ONLY REMEDY —
THERE IS NOTHING BUT '¦
LAUGHTER FROM THE —
RISE TO THE FALL— : —
OF THE CURTAIN. — —
SOON— THE NEXT-^ — : — ~
PRODUCTION WILL BE GIVEN- — - -— - .
SO DO NOT DELAY.— — : — : '¦''•' •'•'
SOUVENIRS MONDAY, JUNE 23.: — — JJ — j.
Santa Fe '
Trains— Daily.
Le»va Market-Street Ferry Pepot.
Llm'd
Local Mon& LotaI Ovrl'd
Dally Thurs Dallr DaUy
Lv Han Fran 0:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10pll:4»a 7:18 p 11:13 p
" Merced .. 2:33 p l:17p 1:30 a
•' Freano .. 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:13*
•• Hanford . 8:59 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Vlaalla .. »:33 p| 5:00 a
" B'kerst'd 8:10 pi 6:20 p 7:3»tv
r ",KinClty. -2:31a — .... 8:03a,
•• Chicago I 2:15 P I 3:47 P
a lor morning, p xor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleld Local,
¦topping at all points In San Joaqutn Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is tha
California Lfmtted. carrying Palacs Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
¦ 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers' and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts cut at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112' Broadway.
Oakland. .
C-LlfO-NU KORTQWESTEEN fil 'CD
'<V LESSEES
SAI fRANGfSCD ANJ,NOST:i PAS1F1S
RAILWAY COMPASY.
Tlburoa Mf*srr» Foot ol £__rket SU
SAX FRAJi CISCO TO 8 AS RAFAKU
WKKK 1>AIS — 1:20. 0:vu. 1I:UO a.m.; 12:U.
3:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. a. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 v. m. Saturdays — _xu_ trips »i
1:00 and 11:30 p. o.
SUNDAYS— S:W. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S.ZX
6:00 and 6:20- p. m.
SAX UAKACL Tu SAA KKA.\ CISCO.
WEK1C DAYS— 4U&. 7:35. 7:30. »:M. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. S:0O. 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:06 and «:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — »:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; l:*u, »;44
4:66. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In —Sect I Arr>v»
San Francisco! May 4. 1902. lSan Francisco '¦
Week I San- | '/Desttna- I Sun- ) Weex '
Days. I days. | tion. [ dayi. | Days.
7:30 a 8:U0a Unacto 0:10 a »:4i> »'
3:30 p »:30 a and 10:40 a 8:4i>«
6:10 p 6:00 p Hovato fi:05 p m:m s
7:35p -
7:20 a 8:OOa Petaiuma 10:40 a| 8:4i*»
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 *
6:10 p 6:00 p Santa Roti 7:35 pf B:2i> i>
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:29 -»
5:00 v Bealdstmrs 10:40 a
Lytton
GeygervlU*
8:30 pi 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:33 p CM 9
7:30 al 8.00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:2u 1
8^0 p( 6:00 p( LTtlah f 7:33 p| tt:'J3 o
7:30 a| S:0Oa| Willits \ 7:35 pi H:20 •>
7:30 at 8:00 al GuernevUl* I 7:35 pilO:2U<»
3:30 p| 5:00 pj |lO:40 a| CiUd i>
7:80 al 8:00 al Sonoma I U:l0al 8:A0 jl
5:10 p[ 6:00 p| Glen Ellen ' j 6:03 p| 6:23 j
7:30 a I 8:00 at betastopol [10:40 a|10:20 *'
S:30 pi 5:00 p| | 7:33 p| 0:20 ?
Stages- connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Wu:
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fu'.toa
for Altruria: at. Lytton for Lytton Springs; as
Ueyserville for Bkagrs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and BocnevllH; at Hopland fcr
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Ke!s*yvtu*.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport anl
Bartlett Surlcgs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurat D<»; I
I_ke. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*!.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orrj
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche, Camp
(Uevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Sherwood. Cafctiv.
Covelo, LaytonvlUe. Cummtngs. Bell's Syrinjs,
Harris, . OUen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia aaj
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all potats
beyond San Rafael at hai; rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Cnronicla bulld>
B U. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
.jg^fe^k A $20 Belt
uker no: a toy.
' S±&. humbug. It cures wtth-
• *§jjp out medicine. Not sold
>-MvP ) " by druggists. No dis-
counts. Fre« by mail on receipt of price.
ClrcuUrs free. Ask for the -'DrAlden Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE £LE£-
TRIC CO.. -O6 Post St.. S. F.. or -- W-'
Twenty-fourth st.. New York.
1)
%S^330 MAf^ET 5T. Sl^rn^
0f^ i\ IB QD. PBS ffl FEASolSCO'S
<Uf fa %£ „ _?_? B_£ I #- LEAD! f iG THEATRE
Every Kieht ThU WeeK» Except Sunday.
Matinees \Vedn:sday and Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY, in
A. M*. Pinero's Comedietta In Four Acts,
"TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
HENRY MILLER MARGARET ANGLIN
And SPECIAL COMPANY in
Arthur W. Pineros Four-act Comedy, THE
GrATST I_iOI__D QXJE33-.
After Its Puccps?ful Hun of 400 Nights Jn London.
ei:at sale begins Thursday.
T\ \f iiL HfllKr
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENIR -TOY MATINEE SATURDAY at 2
SHARP!
THIS WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST!
IT WILL PAY YOU TO CALL. ON
"THE TOY MAKER."
BRING THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS ON
SATURDAY.
• .
MONDAY. June 23 — The Record Breaker,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
(HCOTMON!)
rOPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone I* u *h — 0-
ALL TffiS WEEK— MATLNEE SA1UBDAY
|Sga_-..THlia,TlAY— 25c. 50s. j
MR. JAMES HEILL AND COMPANY IN
| CAPTAI^SWIFT :.
Next— NIOBE.
Coming — Special Engagement,
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Excellent Companr of Playem,
Pre*entfn«r Biir Scenic Production of
••FRANCESCA DA RIMINI." ¦
r f '.••.'.= ready Thursday. June 28. ft a, m.
Market Street, Near Eighth. I'hone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest Farce Comedy of
Them All.
MY AUNT
BRIDGET
>n Evening of Genuine Unadulterated Fun.
KOVEL AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
I Dirt C. Evenings 10c to 50c
I IlILO- Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION
TO LOS CATOS, SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
TAINS. TL'ESDAV, JUNE 17.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION
£ONS OF AMERICAN REVOLUTION '—
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS
Epecia! train leaves Third and Townsend eta.
6:15 a. in., stopping at Valencia st. Tickets,
round trip tl; children 50c. For sale at depot
morning: cf excursion. Music, fc'econd liesriment
liand.
SUTRO J3/*THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. rn. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. xn. to 10:30 p. m. •
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 2>c; children. 20c.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
) visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
IHUSEUM OF AHATOim
> Cl) 1051 __2ZZTCT. let. 6_ft7_,S.r.CaI. d
k ' itif The Lfcrrett Anatomical Museum in the V
" ¦Ollhu. weld. We«kne«se» or any contracted £>
k ll&M \ ? se ** < -.^ < *"*•»*» w"' hy the oldest T
I BSft 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
> Q%W*$t DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN J
i fWH Consultation free and stiletly private \
I A JVQ H T reatrn « n ' personally or by letter. A a
S U « w JP " ttiv * C*"'«ta«»erjra»e undertaken.; T
I r // I W " w f'tefor Book. PUILOOWPiiYef A
• a A V MtfinUtR, MAILED FREE. ( A. V
I (J I . valuable : book for mra) \
DU. JUBDAN-CO., 1051 Market St. S F V
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location^
unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes ' that | have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers who; 1 ,, visit San
Francisco.
ADVEETISEMENTa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fQ- Mother 6 Child
F^C are both bene fitted by
£ _wL_| *^ e use °^ •
jfri||i ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
/-i - S^v e use °^ *^^ s food product brings
m 9Bl^ rokusthealth to all. Malt-Nutrine
j con *ains 14.60% genuine nutritive
Pgffipfeiffiffi^l^ extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
iKw^^^^j non=intoxicating and
tr^^M&^^i positively strengthening and invig-
l^'SSi 1 oratin 2- Doctors recommend it.
I^^^P^CT;! AH druggists sell it. Prepared only bg
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
.,' i^^r^^.OgjP ' Bretcers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob,
Blach d Tan, Pale-Laser. Faust. Anheuser*
Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
2U n /<5v- ¦ Secretziry CO CJA -— >. Polished Kl
M f3iiS] WB *«r*ait« m Quartcr-s-wcd OaK M
>ffg ¦'fi;:?:^' 1 the price— JUST A STERLING jS? 1 ."' ' ' ' ."~~V fi~-^ T5nV?/Q-f K&
«^y i£SS$ZZsjl$3S?+ carved, but the artist -wanted ?T^^ || S J| The picture Only hints ffrt^
JBli ' ment — pigeon holes, small >•' I a t the desi_n. It telU f£_S
{AyJx l 'jZ&?^?9t2£\ drawers and conveniences. sSo**! % ..l- „: *Vi- rlrVi SK^
Sf^ . Flve and a half feet hign> 27 £ x nothing ol tne ncn r*n\
Vy» inches wide. The wrltlne leaf ¦*liZ$l trnineA nak nr solendid f&AS
qffin jf : nf is iun width of the desk and SVSJ i-K'-i ¦ gramea oaK or spienum
20 inches deep. i^M polish and cabinet work. You must SEE IT. gg*
I You're welcome to credit ' pjjf
?W .8 If you are using your cash, get credit. We'll treat you afterward in a way that will aJj2
_j£ I secure your future patronage and that of your friends. It's the way we treat our cus- Eg^
hrt\ I ' tomers AFTERWARD that has made the growth of this store the wonder of San Fran- ; ¥&Z*
\v& "a Cisco's mercantile world. S^&
|J6| I Everything for the home ffg
if/. Dollar Tables I! ™ s Splendid Metal Bed, $7.50 |||j
Vv -p ._ i_i f-i - -1 tnr\ cHplf Tip- 17 I- ' i -, -~' SliOVVy WilltC Oi 111 *-*^^^^^^^^ \ rAV j
\\j$ hish, KJ inches across. \\ JS" T /^ / v3/ The * finest and A <@?&*^// / ' fO^*--^^ nS^f
||p enougl/of them. IT CAN'T BE THE PRICE*. Cool KltchenrV W§
»^|2| "rieavy'ttsiired tapestry. Figured rs tapestry, were §» White Mountain Ice Cream Freezers k^S
{*K2_1 six feet square .>?1.75 .$3.75, now $-._5 . 5tti I qt., $1-45; 2 qts., $!.9O; 3 qts., $2.15; 4 qts., $2-40 M<^^
Kc^v S-A Covri-. 6-4 Covers. 3^3 n« K Cf nve c crkr»l L- J ¦?¦ <~ U r* n *; S>v5j
i^5SK Oriental or floral designs. Figured tapestry. St Sfcl . Ua ,f OtOVeS COO I Kitchens, %/£
V\\SL six feet square 9-.00 inches square !?l_:r» 1 burner, I5c 2 burnerj, $1.73. 3 burneri, $2.30. £iX?
ft^J____!? f_/y______tj___!3_^ "—.M.
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
I DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
220 BHOADWAT. N. T. .
o' ', ' : ..__ T1 ' _— — o
Live in a Trunk?
Yes — if you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'fV,
826 Howard St., S. F.
I) -O
25c. 50b. ________ "^T 7 nrnptUU
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold in bulk,
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
"something jast as good."
BA1XWAY TBAVEL.
Jtell me?
j&g when you 're going W^
a East, and I '11 tell you
& why to. take the Bur- \
I A lington. Tourist-cars A\
iffl three times a week. , W%\
IJ I Thro' standard sleeper I \)\
WSI to Chicago daily — past \ S
«^j| ____________ berths at 631
<3gp W. D. Sanborn, . ____® 1
1^_^ ' General Agent. ;
fiORTH SHORE RAILROAD,
- Via Sana— Hto Kerry,
Commenclns April 27, 1002.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO M1JL_ VAXiiEr
1WEEK DAYS— 0:45, "7:45. 8:45, 8:30. 11:09
a. m., 12:20. n:4B. 3:15. 4:15. 5;i», •v.vZ
«:45, 0:45, 11:43 v. m. T:*3 a. xn. does not
iun to Mill Valley. •
6UND AYS— 7:00, 8:00, •9:00. 'lO:©©, 11:00,
11:30 a. m.. 12:30, 'liao, 2:ao..»3:45. a.oO. u:!^
;:ao. »:45, 11:46 p. m.
Trains marked (.•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KKANCISCO.
. WEEK, DAYS— 3:20. »6:20, 7:40, 8:15. »a:3<j.
11:00 a. m.. 12:2SS. 2:1B. '3:36. 4:40. _:i$u. 6:44,
10:15 r>. rn. ' ' •' . •¦->.•- ' ¦
8UNDAYS—6:00. *8:00. - 8:30, * *ll:00 'a.* m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15^. •3:30. 4:15. »B:43, e:**
7:30," 10:15 p. m.
¦•¦/. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MIL- VALLEY Tp SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40, 0:40. 7:45. 8:25. »:4i
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. «:10. 6:20, 7 :lu.
1 Sundays— 6:30. 7:05. io:O5. uao a. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. ti:05. 7:15, 10;«i
P ' "** THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. ¦' m. ' week days — Cazadero and way
8:16 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. v -iKB<HttB*f_)tf( 8^Ei8*wat^jWi»s!»«)'»i»!a4
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. ---¦•-
6:00 a. m. Sunday* — Cazadero and way
stations. :¦
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. I
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
fiunday time.¦ CHICAGO, June 16. — Corn was momentarily
weak at the opening in sympathy with wheat
and on the clearing-weather and some early
short selling. The trade was j soon | dominated/
however, by. the idea | that the big: bull j party
had • not abated any. of t its previous Intentions
to boost prices. When there was a.falr:show
toward recovery from the opening • depression
there was a movement on' the part of shorts in
Chicago Grain and, Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firm,- but
quiet. The world's shipments "for 'the week
were as follows,'; in quarters: 'Russian, 269,000;
Danubian, 159,000; Argentine, 54,000; '¦ Indian,"
72,000.* The -American visible supply decreased
2,D21,000\bushe'.s. '. . ' • ¦' :
This market continued d,ull. with i no change
on the spot, but-f utures advanced slightly. -
%< Chicago jvas inactive and without < feature, it
Wheat and Other Grains.
• The City of Peking took out for Hongkong
specie valued "at $195,280, consisting of JJ3780 In
Mexican dollars and $191,500 in silverbuiilon. .
Silver is higher,' but ' exchange stands as be
fore. .';•* :-. ; ¦:¦ -. —t- ' -
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... '. — $4. 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — •". 4 88 'A
Sterling Cables r. ~ • 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight..... — ,15'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ; . ¦ 17 %•
Silver, per ounce — . ' "52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... ... "— 45%
Exchange; and Bullion.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister— Hay all out. Crop much less than
last year.
Chico — Apricot picking started to-day. Crop
email.
Palermo — Harvesters cutting oats and barley.
Crops promise to be good.
Riverside — N>w oranges dropping some, not
alarming ae pome years.
O-oiusa — Grain doing nicely. Barley good
quality. Apricots coming fast. All fruit doing
welt.
Llvermore— Heavy crop pears, peaches, ap
pfre. apricots. Crop heavy in places.
Sam a Marl*— Grain being headed; threshing
after July I; outlook good. Beans growing
farter.
San Jose — Fruit crop dojng excellently. Grain
ripening very fast.
Willows — Conditions good for all crops.
Netvman— Crop condition unchanged.
Ventura— Mornings foggy. Hay about har
vested. Crop larger. But little grain.
Haaford — Pecch crop very large and doing
fir.e)y. Grain good.
Kapa — Grain doing very well. Good crop
bay ' • '"
Clcverdale — Green fieae Jooklng fine. Large
crop looked for.
'¦*•"•«'¦* Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Section Director. '
. ¦¦ . • • -_-.-¦ -;'..;
The market for evaporated apples continues
without special feature. Spots were in fair
Jobbing demand and there is some speculative
interest in futures, chiefly for October and
November delivery, bids of 6c being reported
for prime fruit. Quotations are ' unchanged.
State common to good range from 7c to 9'/>c;
prime are firm at 10c; choice, 10!4@10%c, and
fancy lie. h .
In California dried. fruits prunes are quiet at
unchanged prices, ranging from 3%c to 0'/.c
for ail grades. ' ¦ ¦;
Apricots, in boxes, are quoted at 10%@14c
in bags at 12@lCc.
Peaches are quiet and steady" , Peeled. 120
16c; unpeeled. 8%@10%c. /
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot ' Rio, easy. No. 7 invoice,
5Vic: mild, quiet. Cordova,- S@ll%c. Futures
market • closed steady, net* 5 points lower.
Total -sales, 25.260 bags. Including: July at
4.40@4.45c; September, 4.85c: October, 4.90c;
November. 5c; December, 6.10c; March, 5.30c;
May, 5.40@5.45c. •
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2«ic.
Refined was firm. <. ¦
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT — Receipts, 126,000 bushels; exports,
127,656 bushels. Spot, steady. No. , 2 red.
78%c elevator and 79@80c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
lhard Manitoba. 84%c f. 0. b. afloat. Ignor
ing higher cables, bad weather In England and
France, and a large decrease on passage, wheat
opened lower and declined during the early
forenoon. The selling motives were favorable
home weather reports and heavy Northwestern
receipts. On a large visible supply, however,
there was a late rally and I the market closed
firm at J4@%c net advance. July, 77 15-16®
78%c, closed 77%c; September, 75 13-16@76%c,
closed 76%c;' December, 77 l-16@77«6c, closed
77"ftc. J :
HOPS— Steady. . •
HIDES— Steady.
NEW YORK. June 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,452 barrels ; exports, ' 4000, barrels ; . quiet, bu t
rather firmly held. Minnesota patents, $3 90@
4 20.
WASHINGTON. June 16. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,00 gold re
serve In the' division of redemption, thows:
Available cash balance, $201,083,861; gold,
$99,618,009. - " :
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 16.— WHEAT — Steady and
nominal. Bluestem,: 65%c; club, 74%c. ;•; ¦
•PORTLAND, June. 10.— WHEAT— Firmer.
Walla Walla, C6c; bltiestem, 67@6Sa
'; Cleared June-10— Stmr Indravelli,- for Hong
kong and way ports, with 11,722 barrels of
flour. ,
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Waah., * June 1C. — Clearings,
$660,695; balances. $118,892. - .
PORTLAND, Or.. June 16. — Clearings, $570, -
942; balances. $140,395. ' .
TACOMA. Wash..- June 16.— Clearings, $243,
449; balances, ?40,8RC.
SPOKANE. Wash.. June 16. — Clearings,
$312,59U; balances. . $24,632. ¦':- ¦
Northern Business.
LONDON. June 1C— Consols, 06 9-16; Silver,
24%d; French Rentes, lOlf 50c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes of No. 1
Standard. California. 30s; English country mar
kets, quiet and steady; Imports of wheat into
United Kingdom, 464,000 quarters: imports of
flour into the United Kingdom, 219,000 bbls;
wheat and -flour on passage to United KiiiK
doni, 3.400,000; ; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,550,000.
• LIVERPOOL. June 16.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 3%d@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm: Frerlch coun
try markets, weak; weather ln.England, cloudy.
COTTON — Uplands. 4 31-32d. . ;.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, June 16. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday, June 14, aa compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat. $23,570,000 bushels:. \decreaso. $2,521,
000 bushels. Corn. 4.719.000 bushels; increase,
458,000 bushels. Oats, 2,414,000 bushels; de
crease 30.000 bushels. Rye. 554.000 bushels;
decrease. 154,000 bushels.' Barley, 316,000 bush
els; decrease. 50,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. in.,
ICfTh" meridian time, Ean Francisco, June 16,
1902. . . ,-_::.§¦.
FRUIT A^D WHEAT BULLETIN
Southern California^ — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday, possibly light showers in extreme
southern portion ; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday, cooler in extreme
northern portion; brisk westerly winds.
. San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday.
1 with fog in the afternoon: light southwest
winds changing to brisk westerly. - ¦
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, continued
¦warm weather in the valleys with fresh north
erly winds, cool -weather on the coast; brisk
westerly winds.
A <3epr«»E£ion of fonw depth overlies the val
lej of the Colorado and is apparently backing
to the north weet over the Mohave Desert and
the Owens River Valley. This has caused a
tjuick rise in temperature over the San Joaquin
Valley, and westward to the coast. In the
lower portion of the valley maximum tempera
tures exceed 100 degrees. Light northerly
winds are blowing generally through California
excel* on tbe coast, where westerly winds pre
vail.
Itain Is falling in Washington and Northern
Oregon. *
'Forecast made, at San Francisco for thirty
hoiirr eliding midnight June 17:
FORECAST.
WTATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
'. The demand for Cherries was nothing extra,
but as receipts were rather light prices. were
sustained. The bulk of the loose stock went to
the canners, who paid 2@3c for black -: and
whit*, and . 5c f or,the Royal • Anne. '-. ¦ »-, .-¦ j
One crate of Thompson's - Seedless ' Grapes
from Indio sold for $4, and two crates of the
same variety, from Yuma brought $3 75. Nut
meg Melons from Yuma sold slowly at the
quotations. Those . from , Indio' .were quoted
lower. . ' , _ . ¦ . ¦
: The market • for deciduous fruits was gener
ally dull, with no shipping and very little ripe
stock offering. ¦ • ¦ • . .
Receipts of Oranges in, the open market are
light and the demand and supply about balance-.
At the auction k three cAra were sold as fol
lows: Valencias. $2 50®3 90 for .fancy and
$2 40#3 CO for choice; Mediterranean .. Sweets,
$2 c0@2 GO for fancy and 80c@$l 50 for stand
ards. The market was almost bare of Lemons,
but fresh' supplies are, due at any. time- now.
At the auction choice sold at $2 50@3 per box.
. STRAWBERRIES — $S(JI>11 for Longwortlis
and 1 $3 50©5 50 for Malindas; . ' crates ¦ from
Florin, . - ¦¦ "• .,.- -.¦'.;. .
RASPBERRIES— $7@8 per chest; crates
80c@$t.'-->: ' V ' • ' ¦'-
LOGANBERRIES^-$4@6 60 per chest; crates
COC@$1. ¦•' ' ¦-.•¦ . . v . ,-¦.-.
:. BLACKBERRIES— $8@10 . per chest; in
crates, 75c@$t 25. .-.,.• .;_-• -
GOOSEBERRIES— $3 per chest;' In bulk.
- — ; for common and for Oregon Improved;
English. 6c per lb. '•'¦'< .¦..
- CURRANTS— $2 23@4 60 per chest.
PLUMS— Clyman,- 40®50c per box and 75c
Receipts of Strawberries and Raspberries
were moderate and owing to the slow inquiry
prices were shaded. There was very little de
mand for Loganberries. The top quotation . is
for some strictly choice from Irvlngton packed
in half baskets. Offerings of Gooseberries
were very light and prices were a little firmer.
Currants were unchanged. The usual quantity
of- poor stock was ' received and went to the
canners at the bottom quotation. '•)
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
EGGS — Choice Ranch, 20c, with occasionally
21c for fancy and 17%@19c for fair to good:
store, 16(gl"%c per dozen: Eastern, 18@19c for
firsts and 17@17%c for seconds.
' Receipts were 4S.200 pounds. 379 cubes and
6 kegs of Butter, 20,000 lbs Eastern Butter,
1208 cases of Eggs. "cases of Eastern Eggs,
11,250 . pounds of California Cheese and 2200
pounds ot Oregon Cheese.
,BUTTER — Creamery, -21@21%c per pound for
fancy, 20 %c for, firsts and 20c for seconds;
dairy. 17@20%c; store- Butter, .- 14@16c per
pound. ' '" ,^-
CHEESE — New, 9®10c; old. nominal; Young
America, ]0®10%c: Eastern, 13(S 15c per pound.
Cheese is setady and unchanged.
There is nothing new In Butter, though the
feeling conttnues weak and every dealer is
anxious to keep sold tip -as closely as possible.
Receipts yesterday Included a car from the
East. : ¦.:'....¦
Eggs are weak and most dealers are quoting
20c as the top of the market, except for a
very. fine large Egg selling, in a retail way.
in which case it is possible to obtain 21c. Some
lower grade Kggs from the Sacramento and
San Joaquin -Valleys are spiling down to 16c.
Stocks of all descriptions are liberal, and most
dealers quote themselves ovprsupplied.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
' Receipts of Hare and Rabbits were light and
prices were unchanged.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers "and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25; Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks. $3 50@4 for
old and $4 5O@i5 fqr young: Hens, $4@5 o§;
young Roosters. $6® 7 50; old Roosters, $4 @.->;
Fryers $4@5 50: Broilers, $3@4 for large and
$2@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 75- per dozen
for' eld and $1 50<ff-l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush.
- Receipts of Poultry were light, as usual .on
Monday, but as the demand was slack the mat
ket continued weak. One car of Eastern will
be in to-day.
Poultry and Game.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
¦. NEW YORK, June 10. —The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram sayfff
Stocks were stagnant and weak early on the
King's Illness. It was rumored that phy
sicians had been telegraphed for and it was
whispered that his Majesty* had pneumonia.
The final tendency was toward recovery, as it
was stated that the King was going to Wind
sor to-night and that the trouble was only
lumbago. Kaffir Jobbers sold consols thort aa
a hedg» to 06%. Americans were the hardest
epot. the shares were in- demand, • ¦ but firm.
New York • bid up Union - Pacific, St. Paul,
Illinois Central, Atchison, Reading and Can
adian Pacific. London followed the lead and
the close was at the top. Silver is Rood on
a short supply in London and India. Insurance
on the King rose 2 per cent at Lloyd's. The
Stock Exchansre will be closed on June 28.
Copper fortnightly statistics show decreases
in stocks of 1611 tons and in supplies 1161
tons. '
. London Market.
Flour, qr sks.... fi.4471 Hay. tons ..... <«•>
Wheat, ctls ..... 1,940; Middlings, sks .. 363
Barley, ctls ..... 5,645; Bran. sk» ... 515
Oats, ctls '.. 2,200 Tallow, ctls .... 2° ->
Corn, ctls ... 350 Pelts, bdls 1682
Beans, sks 27; Hides, No .... l'ls**
Potatoes, sks ... 1,894 Leather, rolls ... *206
Onions, sks ....'. .'902 Wine, gals . . . ..79 300
Wool, .bales .... 29.". Brandy, gals ...'. SiOO
Straw, tons ..... .15 Lime,. bbls ...... '304
WASHINGTON. -
Hops, bales ...... .40 _-
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 16.
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed andfFine Crushed,
4.60c; Powdered. 4.35c; '_ Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated- (10O-lb. bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden -C. 3.65c; "D," 3.65c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c -more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes, 5o
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. .,/ ¦• r :-,".-r-~,-
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%<g'14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral/ 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocena
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c:
in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk.v 14%c; In
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 71c per gallon In cases and
«5c in drums and iron barrels.' .
COAL — Wellington, \$S per ton; SouthScld
Wellington. $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $8;
Wallsend. $8 00; Co-operative Wallsend.^S 50;
Cumberland. $12fln bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh An
thracite. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $13
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60
per ton. according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil, .In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels,- boiled,
7Sc; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 680 for
boiled and tittc for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
loot, in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure,
b6c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish ,011, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c- for Ceylon and
&8%c-for Australian.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 5%©6c;
San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%S8c.
General Merchandise*
The followine quotations are for cood sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage, for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. o% @oc; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; tMn Cows. 4{&i>c per lb. „
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Weihers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3;i@3%c
per lb igross weicht).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4@4%o per lb live, weight; yearlings.
3%&4c Per lb. . .
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 694c;
200 lbs and over. 6@B%c; feeders, 6@
t»V4c; tows, 20 per cent otf, ooars.60 per cent
off and stags 40 per Cent oft from the above
quotations. • ; /
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows: • •
BEEF— 6%@71ic for. Steers and 5 Jig 6c per
lb for Cows. , ¦ --
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb. ¦
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7@8o
per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
There is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
San Francisco Meat Market.
•NEW YORK. June 16.— Closa: Money /on
ca.ll, 2%@3 per cent; closed , bid and.ask'eO,
2%@3 per cent. . Prime mercantile paper, 4%
<?5 per cent. Sterling exchange -was firm with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%' for
demand and at $4 S4?£©4 85 for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 85%@4 86 and $4 88@4 8S%.
Commercial bills. $4 84V4@4 85%. Bar silver.
52%c. Mexican dollars. 42c. Bonds — Govern
ments irregular; States, inactive; railroads,
firm.
New York Money Market.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16—5 p. m.
¦-.ONIONS — Australian, $2@2 25, second
hands; • Sllversklns, 75c@$l; new Red, 50@60c
per. sack; White, lc per lb.
.VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 12%©25c per
dozen; Asparagus, 75ciS$2 25 per box; Rhu
barb, 6oc<5$l per box; Green Peas, $1 25@$2
per sack; String Beans, $l@2%c per lb and 2®
3c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 2%@3c per lb;
Cabbage, 00c@$l per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes.
S5c@$l 25 per box or crate; Mississippi Toma
toes, $1 25@$1 50 per crate: Vacaville, $1@1 25
per box; Dried' Peppers, 10(inillc per lb; Car
rots, $lper sack: Cucumbers from Marysville,
75g90c per box: from Arizona, $1 per box; Bay,
$2 per larse box; Hotliousft do, 25@50e per
dozen; Garlic, 2@3c for new; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, 10c; Stockton do ; Mexican do,
10@12%c Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8@10c:
Summer Squash, CO@tJ. r )C for small boxes and
$1 25@l 50 for large: Marrowfat Squash, $15
@20 per ton; Hvibbard Squash, $15<3?20.
.A few small lots of strictly choice Burbanks
In boxes from the river sold at $1 05,' but the
greater part of the offerings on the wharf were
poor and sold slowly within the quoted range.
Receipts of Garnet Chiles were light and prices
were well sustained. Old Potatoes were un
changed and easy. Old Onions were weakjr
under large offerings.
Tomatoe3 were easier, as offerings of Los An
geles were large and another car came in from
Mississippi. Striftg Beans continued to weaken
and the canners paid lc per lb for good stock.
Receipts -of • Cucumbers were light and prices
had -a narrower range.; Other vegetables were
offering freely at about the same prices.
POTATOES — New Early Rose, 00c@$l in
boxes and. 75@90c in sacks: Burbanks. 75c@
SI 70 in boxes and «5c@?l 25 In sks. Garnet
Chiles, 51 10@l 20; old Burbanks, ;85c@$l 25;
Sweets, 82 50 for Merced.' :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..H0%lll Us qr cp(new)135%136%
43 qr reg...-109%110 13s qr coup. ..107 108
- MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 63. 91% — Oak W O 5s.l03%104t4
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Oceanic S Bs. 97%100
C C G&E 5s.l05V,106% Omnibus 6s. 127% —
Cal-st 5s..:. 119% — Pac G Im 4s. 98% —
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & C H63.107 110
Ed L& P 6s. — — Pk & O R6s — 125
Fer&C H 6s. — . 123 Pwl-st R 63. — —
Gearv-st 6s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 99%100iX
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV5s.l22%122<5
Do 53 .... — — • Sierra Cal 6s — 119
L Ang R 5s. 113*; — S P of A 6s
L A L Co Cs.103% — (1909) 113% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....115 —
Do gtd 5s. 104 — S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s. — . — (19C5)Sr A. 106% — *
Do lem 5S.105 — . (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 128% (1906) — —
Do lem 53.120 120% (1912) — 121
N R of C 6s. — 113 S P of C 1st
Do 5s- 121% — c gntd 5s. — —
N Pac C 5s.H0 — Do stmpd.109% —
NCR5s....ll2% — EP BrCal 6s.l40 Ml ,
N S R R 58.100%lom S V Wat 6s. HI 112 '
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 108
Oak Tm 6s.. 123 — Do 4s 3dm.l01 108
Do 1st c5s. — 115 Stkn G&E 6sl00»il01i4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 74% {— ¦ PoH Costa.. «3« M
MarinCo 50 — Spring Val.. 83% M
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac L Co 4S M
Eqt G L Co. ZV\ 3% Sao E G&R, 83 —
Mutual 4% B% S F G & B.. 4* 44*
O G L & H. 61 — SFGLCo. 1% —
Pac G Imp.. 37% 40 Stktn O & E. 8 —
INStTBANCB. r',-.
Flrem's Fnd.273 — ) |
BANKS.
Am B & T..112% — First JTatlonJ — — V.
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 L, P & A....168H1T0
Bank of Cal. 435 450 Mer Ex (llq) 29 —
Cal Safe Dp.122% — Sp Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — I Sav & Loan. — 09 ¦
Humboldt . . — — Security Sa.v.340 899
Mutual Sav.. 75 — LUnion Trrt.1330 ••
S F Sav U..830 — I j
STREET RAILROADS. #
California ..170 — j Market «9%1M
Gearx ...-..— — I Presidio .... 89 —
POWDER.
Giant .69%— / Vlgorlt ..^.. - 8% 81f
SUGAR,
Hana Z% 4^1 Kllaue^ .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 (Makawetl ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 10% 12 I Onomea .... 23 H UVt
Hutchinson . 12%.— IPaaahaa ... U% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Pack.lSS 160 Pao A F A. . 2% — ,
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pao C B«rrJ63 —
CalWln»As.— 100^4 Par Paint .. 23 —
Oceanic S Co — 25 • . j
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Alaska Packers' Association.... JI3 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 4 00
25 Paauhau S P Co.......; 12 00
k 10 Spring Valley Water............ 89 75
$6000 San Francisco & S J V bonds.. .122 80
$1000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 TJ
Street— ¦
100 Equitable Gas $29
$5000 Northern Ry of -Cal 6a 112 25
$5000 S P of Cal 6s, 1905, Ser A. • 10. .103 S7t£
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 153
10 Fireman's Fund Insurance- 275 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s jja 0714
$1000 North Shore 5s iqq 75^
$10,000 Sacramento E G & Ry Ss 100 00
Street — •
25 Alaska Packers' Assn....'. ...\... 155 on
$5000 San Francisco & S J V bonds.... 122 60
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Peerless 8 BO
Street—
20 Peerless 8 60
•Afternoon Session.
Board —
20O Monarch of Arizona... IT
200 Sovereign 27
300 Sterling . * 155
150 Wolverine *. 150
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stcck and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
•l^^t Ie^ onia ••"• S7m 1C0 °P hlr * 2 *
«£2£5 a ! eilse ""¦•••" la COO Overman 35
££ allense '••"••'¦ u SOO Potosi 1«
200 Chollar 0!) 200 Savage 11
¦ J°5 J Iale & Nor -- 40 200 Silver Hill ... 41
¦?JJ? " ale & No »".. 471 200 Union Con.... «
.•00 Mexican ..... 43 30O Union Con.... II
200 Mexican ..... 4ti
MONDAY. June 16—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONT>S.
STOCK AND # BOND EXCHANGE.
deposits and 3.42 per 'cent on term, payabl*
July 1.
Th« German Savings and Loan Society ha»
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3 per cent per annum on all deposits, payable
July 1.
The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
Contra Costa Water Company — Regular month
ly. 42c per share, amounting to $20,590 92. Port
Costa Water Company — Regular monthly, 30o
per share. , amounting to $1500. 'Oakland Gas
Light and Heat Company — Regular monthly.
25c per share, amounting to $7500. Presidio
Street Railway Company— Regular monthly. 20c
per share, amounting to $2000.
. At a special meeting of the company of A«
sociated Stock Brokers of the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange board yesterday it was
voted to accept the offer of $300,000 for 'the
property of the Exchange on Pine street, con
ditional upon the Exchange being allowed to
lease and occupy its present board room In th«
building, which has been agreed to by the pur
chasers. • i ¦»
The following quotations for I United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received, yesterday
from New Tork by Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. :
Common stock. $23 75<§24 25; preferred.
$62 62%@64 25; bonds. $01 50 bid; subscrip
tions. $102 12%@102 75. *
The local Iron market was quiet and -steady
nt former -prices. Warrants were nominal.
No 1 foundry. Northern. $21(322; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern. $20 f>0@21 60: No. I foundry.
Southern, $20 50@21 50; No. 2 foundry. South
ern, soft. $20 90@21 50. The • English markets
were quiet. Glasgow closed at 54s 6d and Mid
dlesboro at 40s 9d.
Spelter ruled nominally steady at New York
at $4 87%. London gained 2s Cd, closing at
£18 17s Gd.
A steady tone prevailed in the lead market,
but it was quiet and unchanged at 41sC. Lon
don was also unchanged at £13 5s.
Copper ruled steady and quiet here. Lake,
for delivery all this year, was offered "In lots
of 500,000 pounds a month at $12 50. The local
market closed with standard, spot to August,
at $11 70@12; lake. $12 25@12 50; - electrolytic,
$12 15(3)12 25. and casting at $12@12 25.
;.NEW YORK. June 16. — The London market
for tin was not materially changed to-day, spot
closing at £130 and futures at £126 2s 6d.
Th« local market' for. tin' was about 25 points
lewer, • with epot closing at $29 75@30 25.
Nezv York- Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts." 3900; steady; (j Meht and
light mixed,- ?7-15®7 35; medium and heavy,
$7 32%@7 55;>p>gs, $H@6 50. ,' r
SIIEEP— Receipts. 1800: steady. -
, ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 600; natives, $5@7 75; cows and heifers,
$2@6; veals, $3 25@5 50; stockers and feeders,
$2 25@5 25. . - ¦ : : :.¦".! .. ¦ .- ¦ • ¦
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP — Receipts, ; 18,000: sheep and lambs,
steady: good "to choice wethers, $5!j?5 50; fair
to choice mixed,' $4@5; Western sheep, clipped,
$4 &O5J5 50; -native lambs, $5 50@6 75; West
ern -lambs, ¦ $5 50Q6 75; •' spring tamba, $7 50
top. •./••_.¦"( .. r ¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 47,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 10,000; 10@20c lower than
Saturday; mixed and butchers, 57@7 47%; good
to choice heavy, $7 40@7 55; rough heavy,
$7 15@7 35; light, $6 95@7 25; bulk of salC3,
$7 15@7 40. . . , . .¦ .> •-
CHICAGO, June 16.— CATTLE— Receipts,
20,000, Including 2000 Texans; best, strong;
others slow and steady; good to prime steers,
$7 40@8; poor to medium, $5@7 25; Btockers
and feeders, $2 50®5; cows, $1 40^5 75; heif
ers, $2 25®6 25; canners, $1 40@'J 40; - bulls,
$2 50@5 50; • calves, $2 50@6 50; » Texas fed
steers, $5@6'B0; Western cows, 53 75@5 10.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
HOPS— 12@12 %c for fair and 13@14c per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c. '
WOOL— Spring. ¦ Humboldt and • Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern free, - 14@16ci do, defective,
13@14: 'Middle County free. 13@15; . do, de
fective. 12@13c: Southern. 12 months. 9@10c:
do. 7 months, 9@llc;' Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da. 12@15c: .Valley Oregon fine. 15® 16c; do.
medium and coarse, f4@15c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c~for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c- Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll@13c; Dry Calf. "16@lSc; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20©
30c each: short wool. 40@60c each: medium.
t>5®75c; long Wool. S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
SI 50@2 for small and '50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medrmn.
Siai 25 for small and 50c for Colta. Back
Skins— DTy Mexican; 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c: dry Central American. 32%c Goat
.Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium; 35c. . - .. ¦
TALLOW — No. 1- rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No -2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Closing ..;..^...r... i'9 15 27 90
LIVERPOOL. .,--
Wheat — • ¦ • .July. Sept.
Opening B 10% 6 1%
Closing 6 10=4 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat — July - Sept. -Dec.
Opening ....; 22 SO. 21 05
Closing r. 22 90 21 15.
-Flour — . - ,
Opening ....... ....T..... .. 28 70. 27 60
• On-.the Produce Exchange' to-day, the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@21c; dairies.
18@21%c. • Cheese, steady; 10@10%c. Eggs,
easy; 15c. •¦¦ . . ¦ •
! LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins. I3%c;
a-lb tins, 13%c. . .
COTTOLENE-^-One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels,. 10%c; oce tierce. 10%c; two
I'erces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%c per lb.
¦ An advance went into effect here yesterday,
but contrary to anticipations It was not gen
eral, applying only to Hams and sugar-cured
Bacon, all other descriptions remaining un^
changed. •
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy. 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and lC@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15ci Cali
fornia Hams. 14@14%<T; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
Chicago was somewhat higher, but quiet.
There has been considerable covering of shorts
there lately, and the packers have let go of a
good deal of their holdings.
Provisions.
Beans are quiet, steady and unchangefld.
There' is no movement in' Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 10; small White. $2*40
@2 50; large White, $2 40@2 45: Pea, $3 25®
3 50- Pink, $2@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
»5®& 10; Limas, $3 C0@3 75; Red Kidneys,
S3 EO@3 75 per ctl. ¦
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 60@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry t 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfafrom Utah, 10%®
ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb. r.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, .$1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 C5; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for everything remained about
the same. A cargo of new Alfalfa Hay came
in and was quoted at $9 per ton. The bulk of
the Hay receipts are stnl old crop. Feedstuffs
rule steady.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $21@24 per ton. ; ••
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ¦ Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, ?25@26; job
bing,- $2<i 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@32; Cracked Corn, .$31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$8@0 50; Volunteer Wild Oats, $3 50@8; Al
falfa, $S). ¦ Old Is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12;- fair to cholca
do $9 50@ll 50: Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50;
Oat $8@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@0-
Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock. $6@S per ' ton.
STRAW-^-40@50c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
XEW YORK. June lC.-j-The character of to
day's stock. market remained the same aj that
of last week. There were operations for a rise
in a few prominent stocks, but they -were -.not
aggressively pursued, and lefc no important net
results. St. Paul. Missouri Pacific, Union Pa
cific.- Canadian . Pacific and the Atchlgons were
most largely dealt in. It "will be seen that
none of these saved as much as a point of net
gains on the day, although Canadian Pacific
rose at one "time to 1% over Saturday and St.
Paul l?i- A number of the minor Granger
stocks were lifted at different times and the
Chicago and Northwestern stocks both made
3-point advances. Late in the day. . after the
indifference of the general market to this lead
ership was demonstrated, there was an ad
vance in .the Readings. This proved equally
inefficacious end the market closed dull and
easy, considerably below the .best. The move
ment in the Western stocks, while obviously
professional, seemed based on the assumption
of a. favorable outcome of the corn crop and
upon the argument of probable dividend in
creases. Nobody assumed that ¦ the Missouri
Pacific dividend this week will. be changed from
the 2% semi-annual rate, and the heavy out
lays being. made by Union Pacific are against
the presumption of a. present increase. But the
example' of the Chicago and Northwestern in
crease is an influential one and affects espe
cially St Paul. The buying or this group of
stocks at the opening was sufficient to carry
up the price in face of rather heavy London
selling, induced by anxiety over the illness of
the King of England. The leaders of the cam
paign for the advance profess to feel assured
that the July first settlements will be effected
without any stringency of money. Last - year
the money market became active about this
time and at the close of the month call money
ran up to 25 per cent, and prices in the stock
market collapsed. During July of last year the
difference In the money market continued and
their effect on the stock market was aggravated
by the damage to the. corn ci-op and the steel
strike. Between June 22 and July 27 there
was a contraction of over $46,000,000 in the
lean account of the banks and it was not un
til the last of July that the banks began to
expand their loans again, after large receipts
of cash from the Interior and from eub-Treas
ury disbursements. The foreign trade state-.
ment for May. Just Issued, shows a decrease
In exports of upward of $22,000,000. showing
that the exports of manufactures fell some
what below thoee of May last year In addition
to the heavy decrease in agricultural products.
For eleven months in the fiscal year the trade
balance in favor of this country is, thus.re
duced nearly $168,000,000 below that for the
corresponding period of. last year. The indus
trial department .of the stock list was gener
allv heavy. United States Steel stocks were
sliehtly depressed by the making permanent of
th* Injunction again** the stock conversion and
bond-Issue plan pending the appeal to the up-
Was a fair demand for bonds and
prices were firm. Total sales, par value. $2,
46 l : nUed States 2s coupon declined % P« cent
and the old 4s advanced >4 per cent on the
last call. yoRK STOCK LIST. .
stocks— Sale*. High. Low. Close.
AtoMson 13.900 82* 81% Wi
Ttchllln pik ...... l«.600 101 100U 100*,
Bammo"e& Ohio.. 3.100 106*i 106 105%
1S.M0 137* ISoTi 136*
Canada Southern • • -•; •••• J-
Chesapeake & Ohio. 100 4i 14 47k 47
Chicago & Alton... 500 37% 3,Vi «<#
Chi & Alton pfd... 500 .. t a
Chi Ind & Louis... 600 ij>% '*$ £„
CM Ind &L pfd... l.OJO 8. 8o% 8b%_
<hl &. Kan III 4*0 1«* I' 2 1<2
Chi & Gt "Wert . 1.100 29% 29'4 29%
Shi I Gt W A pfd 100 «>% 89% 89%
CM & Gt W B pfd 400 49 48 48
Chi & NW 3,000 257*4 25. 25b
Chi R I & Pac.... 800 172% 172 172%
Delaware & Hud... 1.200-176'.* 174% 1.5%
Del Lack & West ....*.... -<5
Den & R G... 400. 42% 42 41%
DtRGpfd...... 2,100 92% 92% 02%
Erie 7.500 38 37% 37%
Erie 1st P fd....... 2.100 f 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 300 ¦ 63V4 53 53
Gt Northern pfd... 2,600 187% 186% 187
Hocking Valley • • ••••• ¦ »fji
HockirgValpfd... 500 »1% 91% ?1%-
III Central l.«» 153% i53 . l &i
Iowa Central 2,100 48% 48 48 ,
Iowa Central pfd.. l,»00 87% 85% S«%
K C Southern. 700 34% 34% 34%
K C Southern pfd ¦ 61 ',3
L E & West ..... 6j
L E & West pfd... ' _ •••• ••-'• 1-'
Louis & Nash 7.700 188'i 137% 137%
Manhattan L..... 1.900 131% 131 131
Metropolitan St. Ry 1,200 151 100% 150%
Mexican Central .. .5.000 28% 28% 28%
Mexican Kational . 2,300 19^ 18% 1»%
Minn & SV Louis... 1.500 114% 113% 114
Missouri Pacific ... 40,600 106% 105% 105%
M K & Texas 800 26% 2(5% 26%
MK&Tpfd 1.300 58% 58% 58^
N J Cer-tral -100 190 190 188
N Y €>ntral 300 156% 156Vi 156
Nor & Western ... 2,200 67% 67% - 57 &
Nor &. West pfd...- ' ..... 91 .
Ontario & West. ... 3,000 33% 82% 32%
Pennsylvania 67.000 150% 160% 150%
Reading ....33,400 66 64% 65%
Reading 1st pfd... 2.100. 85 84% 81%-
Reading 2d pfd 6.200 70% 69J/4 69 Va
St Louis & S F.... 4,700 «9% C9 60%
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 84 84 t| 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 700 73% 73U 73>A
St Iiouis SW 28
St Louis SW pfd... :... .... 61 %
St Paul 53.000 174% 172% 173%
St Paul pfd 800 1U1 190. 189%
So Pacific 7,100 65% 65 €5
So Railway 2,000 37% 87% 37}g
So Railway pfd 900 S»5%; .9714 95V4
Texas & Pacific 700,. 42>i 41% 41%
T St L & West ,.100 .21>4 .21^4 21
T St L & West pfd 200 »8% . 38 37%
Union Pacific 28,600 105% 105% 105%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.800 88% "88% 8S%
Waliash 7,300 27% 27 27%
Wabash pfd '.. 5,100 45% 44J4 44%
Wheel & Lake Erie ..... 22
Wheel & L E 2d pf 400 36 35% 35%
Wisconsin Central. 1,700 27% 27% 27V*
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 49% 49% 49H
Express companies — -¦-..' '
Adams -••• .... 197
American : 100, 225. 225 225 •
United States ..... 114
Wells-Fargo ...... ..... 200
Miscellaneous — -. '
Amalgamated Copr. 7,300- 68% 68 68
Am Car & Foundry 10,100 32% 32% 32%
Am Car & Foun pf 400 91 00% 00%
Am Linseed Oil... 200 26 25% • 25%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 200 62 > 62 02 -
Am Locomotive ... 1,100 33% 33% 83%
Am Locomotive pf . 300 04 ~ »4 93«
Am Smelt & Refill-. 1,400 48% 47»i 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd 2,100 100 97% 99%
Anaconda Mln Co " ....¦ •;... 114
Brooklyn Rap Tran 2,100 67% 66% . 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,100 f»8% -98% OSU
Consolidated Gas.. 400 221% 221% 221 Vi
Continental Tab. ... 200 125 125 125
General Electric.™ 100 314 314 314
Hocking Coal 1C%
Internatlnl Paper.. ' .... -20%
Internatnl Pap pfd 73
Internatnl Power,.. ."...'. .75
Laclede Gas ...... • 85'. '
I National Biscuit..". , fiOO 4S% 48'4 -48 B 4
National Lead 1,200 22«i ' —>iZ *>2ii
NortH American. .... .... 120
Pacific Coast ..... , ¦- (57
Pacific Mail "- 40a/
People's Gai> 10""St
Pressed Steel Car.. 4,300^47 46*' 46>4
Pressed St Car pf ".... 8.1
Pullman Pal Car.. * "* 234
Republic Steel .... 400 18% 18 * 18
N t czu : York Stock Market.
Articles— - ; v Receipts. 'Shipments.
Flour,, bbls .........;..:.. 17.000 • 22,000
Wheat, bu .39,000 221,000
Corn, bu : 310,000 312.000
Oats, bu ......202,000 161.000
Rye. bu ......:..*.... A'.... 5,000 12,000
Barley, bu „, ..*. 24,000 ¦ ....'...
-For raisins spot Valencia layers are quoted
higher. Spot seeded Is held, firmly at from
8;,c for choice to S'ic for fancy In 1-lb cartons.
A fair jobbing trade is noted. Spot apricot*
are steady and meeting a fair interest. Some
buying of futures for interior account is noted
at*6 l »c f. o. b the Coast in 25-lb boxes for
choice" Royals. Sales feg^rregating several car
loads are heard of on this basis. The local
trade is indifferent. In peaches some move
ment lu choice grades unpeeled is heard of at
S',ic in boxes. Peeled is a little firmer. Fu
tures are without special feature. In dates
the feeling is somewhat firmer on Persians and
higher prices are quoted on Fards. Sicily shell
od almonds are bigher on the spot In sympathy
with Ktronger advices from abroad. Valencias
are also firmer, with 24c quotod inside. There
ie a somewhat stronger feeling noted in Brazil
nuts, but no change In price. The buying
movement is eood." .
"Outside of a fair movement noted In spot
prunes, chiefly in the line of export, the.gen
eral situation shows few important features.
I-iarge sizes In Santa Clara prunes are steady,
•with C%c to 6%C quoted on 40-50s in 25-lb
boxes. A ferr lots axe being picked up through
the market at around thSe figures for new
fruit. Sizes 50s to SOs are also in some re-,
quest, and with the situation as to stocks fce
comlns strong-er. the feeling Is" generally firmer
on the more desirable, eiz.es and offerings. The
demand for local and interior jobbing account
seems to be restricted to small lots covering
purchasers' immediate wants. New crop Is at
tracting little attention at the moment, the
prices now out being regarded as somewhat
rpeculative In character. Santa Claras offer
from 2%c to 2;ic f. o. b. in bags, four-6lze ba
eis, with a price of 2%c named on Visalia fruit.
In currants there Is a dull, dragging ' market,
¦with quotations nominal at 5%c for" fine
Amalias uncleaned. • '
Mail reports from New York say
Dried Fruits in New York.
¦ Cash quotations were as follows:- Flour, un
changed; No. 3 spring wheat, 72c; No. 2 red,
78%@79c; No. 2 oats, 42%@43%c;No.' 2 white.
47%@48%c; No. 3 white.- 46%@48c; No. 2 rye,
60c; fair to choice , maltine , barley. 66%@70c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 56; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70;
prime timothy seed, $6 15; mess pork, per bbl.
$17 50017 80; , lard, per 100 lbs, $10 17% ; short
ribs sides (loose), $10 35@10 42%;: dry Baited
shoulders (boxed), 8%@S%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $10 75@10 85;, whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
v MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows' usual ' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Hye Flour. $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
sacks. $G S5@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Kxtr&s, $3 50®
8 75, usual terms: Bakers" Extras. $3 40@3 60;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
3 50. :\ . ¦' ¦ ' - .-¦¦•. - . .
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.'
Wheat No 2— '-' ' ... .
July-.. 71% 72 71% 72
September - 70% 70% 70% 70%
December. ..... 71% 72 ., 71% 72
Corn, No. 2 — ¦
July . ...... 63 C4% 63 - 64%
September 58% 58% -58% i 58%
December ... .; 44% ¦' 44% ' 44%' 44%
Oats. No. 2— '
July, old '37 - 37% 36% 37%
July, new . . ... 39% 39% 39% : 39%
September, old. 28% ! 28%~ 28%. ;28%
September, new. ' 30% 30% 30% "30%
December, new. :'¦¦ 30% 30% 30%' 30%
--¦: Mess »ork, per bbl— ¦ •¦
July ...........17 42% 17 62% .17 .40. 1 1 17. 62%
September. .....17 55 17 75 17 52%; 17 75
: Lard, Der 100 .lbs — • V '. •¦ • '•
July .....:. io 17% 10 22% 10 15 10 20
September J.0'22% 10 27% 10 20 10 20
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — " '. '.. ¦ -
July .10 30 . 10 37% 10 30 10 37%
September . .V. .10 20 . f 10 27% 10 17% 10 27%
: . • - - - _ %
Shipment of $195,280 in spede to Hongkong.
Silver higher. No change in Exchange.
Local stocks and bonds continue very dull.
Wheat and Barley inactive and unchanged-.
Oats declining and very weak. Corn and Rye dull.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted. T :
V re J
Hay weak and in free trvetpt.- Feedstuff s steady.
Butter and Eggs zeeak and plentiful. Cheese unchanged.
Honey crop getting lighter as the season advances.
Partial advance in Hams and Bacon. _ No change in Lard. \
Live and dressed Meats as previously quoted.
Potatoes about as before.. Onions lower under large, receipts.
Another car of Tomatoes in from Mississippi.
Poidiry in light receipt and slack demand.
Deciduous Fruits in moderate receipt and selling very well
Oranges and Lemons in light supply. '
Adams Con . . . . . 20 Little Chief ..... 12 %
Alice ..; .) 45 Ontario ... : ....7 25
Dreece ......../. CO Ophir ... 110
Brunswick Con.. 09 Phoenix ... .... .06
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosi ... 20 '•
Con.Cal & Va..l 30 Savage ... ' 07 ;
Deadwood Terra. 1 00 . llerra Nevada ..¦ 11
Horn Silver ....1 25 |>mall Hopes .... 45 '
Jron Silver 75 - Ltahdard 3 00 ;
Leadville Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ';
Money— US Steel 39
Call loans S%@4 Do prefd- 88%
Time loans 4 @5 Westing Com ....107,
Bonds — - Mining — . >
Atchison 4» 102% Adventure 23%
Gas lsts 94% Allouez 3
Mex Cent 4s '.'.82% Amal Copper 68
N E G & Coke... 57 % Bingham 34%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.600
Atchison 81% Centennial 19
Do prefd 100% Copper Range 56%
Boston & Albany.260 Dom Coal .....*.. 13gVi
Boston & ' Maine.'JOl ' Franklin ......... 11
Boston Elev 165 Isle Royale ......12%
N Y. N H & H...229 Mohawk 42
Fitchburg prefd.. 143% Old Dominion 22%
Union Pacific . . • .105% Osceola 61%
Mex Cent 28% Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 130
Amer Sugar ....128% Santa Fe Copper. 1%
• Do prefd ..V. ..119 Tamarack .......179 ¦ '
Amer -Tel & Tel.176% Trimountain ..... 05
Dom I.& Steel... 54 Trinity 12%
' Gen Electric ...'..313 United ' States ...2014
Mass Electric 43% Utah ...: 21
Do prefd 98% Victoria 6
N E G & Coke. . . 4 Winona ......... 3%
United Fruit ....111 Wolverine 55
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money ¦ Do prefd ...... 60
,90 7-16 N Y Central. (,...160%
Consols for account Nor & West ..... 58%
96 9-16 Do prefd 02
Anaconda 5% Ont & Western.. 34
Atchlson •...-'• 84- Pennsylvania .... 77
Do prefd 103% Reading 33%
Bal & Ohio 108% . Do 1st prefd 43-,
Can Pacific 139% ' Do 2d prefd 35%
Ches & Ohio 48 So Railway . . . . . 38
tfii G. West 30% Do prefd V..... 87%>
C. M'& St Paul.. 170% So Pacific .... 66%
Pen & Rio G 43% Union Pacific .'..108
Do prfcfd 97 Do prefd ...... 90%
Erie «8% U S Steel 40%
Do Jst prefd... 70% Do prefd ...... !UV«
Do 2d prefd 54 Wabasli 28%
Illinois Central ..156% Do prefd ..:... 46%
Louis & Nash 140V Spanish 4s S0%
Mo. K & Tex 27% - .
Bar silver — Uncertain. 24%d per ounce.
Money — 232% per cent. ¦. -- • '. ¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three months'
j bills is 2% ptr cent.
NEW TORK
MINING STOCKS.
Do gren 4s 8S94 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 93%
Ft W & D C lsts. 113% Con Tob 4s 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.ll0',4 ¦ . -¦ . - »
Do'6s coiip ...105* Northern' Pac 4s.. 105
Atchieon gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s :. 74V4
Do adjust 4s ... 93%'Norf & W-con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO2% Reading gen 4s... 100%
Do 3%s 96% BtL & I M con 5s.ll6
Do conv -4s' ./.106 St L & S F 4s... 100
Can South 2ds...l00 St L S W lsts 99%
Central of Ga 6s. 108% Do 2ds .^ .... 87
Do 1st lnc .... 82 San A &'A P 4s. 90%'
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 Southern Pac 4s. 92%
Chi &' Alton 3%s. 85% Southern Ry 5s... 123%
CB &.Q new 4s.. 96 Vi Texas & Pac lsts. 119 >/»
C M&StP gen 4s. 115% Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 7s. 139% Union Pacific 4s..lO5%
C.R I & P 4s... 11154 D o conv 4s.... 107%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 102 Wabash lsts 120
Chl-Tenn 4s 90 Do 2ds ... ....111%
Colo South 4s...: 9C~ Do deb B 78%
Denver & R G 4s. 10354 West Shore 4s... 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 W & L Erie 4s. . . 96
US ref 2s reg. ..1O7«4 |L & N unif 4s... 103%
Do ref 2s coup. .10S%|Mex Cent. 4s . 84%
•Do3sreg/ 107 Do 1st lnc .... 33%
Do 3s coup ...107 Minn & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s icg.135% M K &T 4s 99%
Do new 4s coup. 135 % Do 2ds . . . ... . . 84%
Do old 4s res ..109% N Y Central lsts.104%
Do old 4s coup.ll0»4 Do gen 3%s. . ..lOS^i
Do 6s ree .105/ N J Cen sen 5s.. 139
Total sales 399,900 -
NEW YORK BONDS,
Republic Steel pfd. 100 74 74 74
Sugar : 4,400 129 128% • 128
lenn Coal & Iron. 100 64% 64%". 04%
Union Bag & Paper .... .... 151?
Union Bag & P pfd si%
U S Leather .1,200 13% 13% 13V4
•U S Leather pfd... 300^84% 84% 84
US Rubber 100 14% 14% 34%
US, Rubber pfd... ..... ..„ .... 55
US Steel 8,900 39% 39 39
US Steel pfd...... 11,500 89% S8% SS%
Western Union .... 91%
SUMMARY OF THE . MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
July that indicated that ,they thought it best
to suffer losses now rather than later. An at
tempt to cover a big line as the price advanced
scared all the little fellows .out. . July, which
opened as ; low as ' W3 : cents,, kept steadily •¦% ad
vancing. At C4'cents therenvaa liberal profit
taking, -but: thtf^close was strong, July 1 cent
up'at 64%c, the high point of the day.
• Wheat was I relieved from ! dull ¦ monotony by
the action in corn:: -Early liquidation " on the
clearing weather j weakened | the pit • some,-*, but
¦trade was : slow, and the market haggled idly
for' some time. Cables were better, indicating
cold weather in France. ' Stocks were generally
bullish. When corn began showing its strength
wheat developed its short-lived activity. There
was almost- no : buying' business and this, pre
vented-an otherwise probable sharp rally. As
it was. there was ( little ¦ inclination to sell
short, . and July, after opening %@Vic to %c
lower at 71%c. to 71%c, and dipping to 71%c,
rallied to a firm close, ;%@Vic up at 72c.
: Oats were dull and featureless. July closed
weak, %c lower at 39%@39%c.
Trade in provisions was small and dull, al
though prices in pork fluctuated, widely. - July
pork closed J 10c • up. lard unchanged and : ribs
2 %c lower." ">•':•,;•.;
The leading: futures ranged as, follows:
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
CALL BOARD SALES."
' Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No. sales.
, Second Session — No sales.
Regular - Morning Session— June, new — 2000
ctls, 91%C; 2000, 91c; December— 2000, 83%c.
Afternoon Session — Seller 1902, new-r2000
ctls, 82c ; December— i 000, 83%c.
OATS— The market continues extremely
weak, with another decline in old and the re
ceipt; of two cars. of new red. from' Concord,
Contra "Costa ' County, the first of the season.
One of them came in Saturday,, and was sold
last week at $1 20. The other^came In yester
day. Still another car sold yesterday at $1 15,;
The latter was not a very choice lot, being cut
too green, " which made it. rather musty. .-'• The
two cars from Concord were very good,. being
plump and strictly No. 1. «H «;•_•• ¦ •¦tV l
These . new Oats have rendered old,almo3t
wholly nominal.'
Old Grays, $1 25@1 30; Whites, : $1 20@l 35;
Milling., $1 30@l 35; Black, $ri5@l 25; Red,
$1 15@1 30. ; • .-,.-..¦-. .-:- /
• CORN — The market continues quiet at pre
vious prices. Large Yellow, $1 45® 1 50; small
round do, $1 60@l 52%; White. $1 55@1 60. |
„ RYE— 85@87%c per ctl.
- Informal Session— 9:15. o'clock — December —
20CO ctls, $1 1114; 8000, $1 11%., : : •
_ : Second Session — No sales.
-Regular • morning session — December — 2000
ctls, $111%; 18.000, $1 11 »4. ¦¦/
Afternoon ¦> Session — December 1 — 4000 ctls,
$112; 2000. $1 12%; May— 2000, $1 15%.
BARLEY— The week opened on a dull mar
ket. : Spot offerings were light, but so was the
demand. The feeling was steady. • f -¦¦' '
New Feed. 90@03%c; old Feed, 95c for No.
1 and 91i4@92y,c for off grades; brewing, 96%c;
Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard. •
CALL BOARD. SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@"l 11%; milling.
$1 15@1 17% per ctl. ¦ V. '¦'¦ : ¦'" ¦
lor black and 5%@6c for white,
PRUNES — 1901 cron are quoted as follows:
30^40s, 6y*@6%c; 40-50s. 5@5i4c; 50-eOs. 4%e
4fcc- 60-70s. 4@4%c: 70-808. 3%@3%c; SO-Wte.
•3@3&c; 90-100s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, ff-crown. 8c: -2-crown.
7«c- Loose Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
BVic'fcr seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c;
London Layers. $1 60 per box. ¦¦ ¦
NUTS-Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11011%c;
No 2 6<37c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 3.
7c-' Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell. 9@10c
for softshell and e@"c for hardshell; Peanuts,
M»7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%€; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; /Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
Comb. ll@12c for bright and 0@Uc
for light amber; water white extracted. 6«
b4c": »Rht amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c Der lb. . .
per crate: Cherry Plums, 35@50c per drawer
and 50c in . boxes. . , „
APRICOTS— 35@60c" per box and 75c@$l per
crate; in baskets from the river. 50@wc ¦
APPLES— Green, 35@50c per . box and 25®
40c "per basket; large boxes. $1.
PEARS — Madeline, 25@40c for small boxes;
baskets. 12 Vj@2oc: large boxes, 50®t>0c. i
- PEACHES — C0<g85c per box and 5O@75c per
basket.'. - . • > ' „
CHERRIES— White, 25@40e per box;. in bulk,
2y.@3c; Black. «35@50c per box and 2@oc in
bulk; cartons from San , Jose, . 65@75c; Royal
Annes, 00®70c per box and 5@6c in bulk. ,
FIGS— Black, from ,Tuma. $2 25 per box;
from Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1©2 per
crate; from Indio, $5@7 per crate. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings. 50c@
$2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25@3; St.
Michaels, $1@2; Valencias, $2 50@4; Tanger ;
ines. $1 50@l 75 in half -boxes; Lemons, $1 25
@X £0 for common, $1 75@2 25 for good to
choice and $303 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit.
$2 50@3 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50@3; Bananas.
$1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25
@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Niits and Raisins.
•The Honey crop, which promised so well a
month or so ago, seems to get shorter every
<lay. like some of the fruit crops which looked
enormous in the spring, but which get smaller
as the season advances. A dispatch from
Santa Ana says J. N. Smith, local representa'-.
tlve of San Francisco and Eastern Honey buy
ers, has made a careful canvass. of the coun
try arid reports that from present appearances
not more than four carloads of new Honey will
be available for shipment this season, • aa
against twenty carloads last year. ..".?¦"
• fRUITS — Apricots, ytyilOc fo.r Koyals and 10
013c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
mt-d Apples. 10®ll%c; sun dried. . 6®7c;
Peaches «Vi®8%c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
tfluMic; unpltted. 1%©2J4C! Nectarines, &%@Uc
for red and 5%@6c lor white; figs. 3%(&*%c
THE SAN FBANCISCO GiVL.ty TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1902.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE COAST RECORD.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleveau
8
Stagnation > continued to prevail . in all the
local exchanges, on 'the morning- sessions, and
there were no fluctuations worthy of remark.
For Bank of California . $437 50 was bid, $443
asked, 'these* 'being the highest prices* ever
quoted for the stock.* In the afternoon Fire
man's Fund . Insurance sold at $275 and North
Shore 5 per cent bonds at $100 75.
- The California Powder Company has declared
a monthly dividend of $1 per ; share payable
June 20.
The California Title Insurance and • Trust
Company has declared a regular quarterly div
idend at ¦ the rate ' of 6 per cent' per annum,
payable -July 1. \ ¦ ¦ . .
The San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a semi-annual, dividend to depositors at
the rate of 3 per cent per annum on ordinary
STATIONS.
'
<:mo
¦Cloverfiale . . . .
Colusa
Eureka
FrcfTio
Hanford
Hoi lister
lnfl«>pen<5*nce ..
Lliermore
Ixjs Angeles...
Xs ra
Mew-man
Palermo
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento . . .
San J.'iwro
Sen Hrancisro..
San Jose ;
R. J... Obtepo...
Santa Maria...
Santa Rosa
Ventura
"Willows
K S
35" 33 -
P s 3
S c
.. »6 io !
.. 69 62 .
..PI 57 .
.. M 60 .
..102 62 .
-.100 65 .
. . HI 41 .
. . 92 61 .
.. ft^ 49 .
.. «? r>4 .
.» 89 51 .
.. ft5 V? .
.. 93 53 .
.. 00 «4 .
.. «7 M .
.. SS B6 ,
.. m co .
,. . «4 45 .
.. S3 35 .
..78 4S
.. fi8 50 .
..87 44
..72 50
..92 56
7 52 2 X-
~ ro — o - «<
s> t *» os g,
Zl *» ¦ f • .
° • • I
.00 Clear N TT
.00 Clear ..
.0<J Clear
.00 Clear ' ICTV 14
.00 Clear JCW 8
.00 Clear .... ..
.00 IA Fog W
.00 Clear SE 12
.00 Clear
.<KI Clear W 8
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear N
.00 Clear N 0
.00 Clear .-'..'J;".
.00 Clear N Lt
.00 Cloudy SW «
-«0 Clear SW 20
• «0 Clear
.00 Clear K C
.00 Clear ..;.>'*..
.00 Clear
.no Clear
• 00 Clear KW ..
6TAT
dnr
ID
3
<»
2
P
e
€ c
5 3
p
c ¦
o
if
' 2 *s
: Si €
r i
* ?
Astoria
Biker ..
Carson .
Eureka
Fresno !
Klagstaf
Focatell
lndepen'
Los Ans
Phoenix
Portia n<
ficA Rill
..30
..SO
..2»
..30
..29
...20
la. 23
e 29
...28
•I 9
..SO
..2»
>.«6
r j.no
».7*
>.12
).«
).S0
>.n
C2
58
78
56
102
80
78
P2
74
102
62
90
46
44
44
50
58
40
42
«4
54
«0
?2
KW
x\v
w
Nff
sw
w
w
N\V
KW
PtCldy .IS
Clear .OU
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Ct&y .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clwar .00
Rain .06
Clear ,«0
rp
. . .-w
50
JCW
Clear .W
Sacra ni«
Salt I«aJ
..29
9.72
5«i
S2
48
54
N
Clear .00
Clear .00
6«n Fra
P. I.. Ot
3O.2T*
...29
:>.82
9. 82
«4
78
4K
48
N
Clear .00
Clear .00
».*<>
t;o
SW
Cloudy .on
. ..^a
Seattle
Spokane
Neah B:
"Walla T
"Wlnnem
a! la
icca
. . ..*!<J
..2i<
...3"
l. .:«)
I .2»
0.14
0.00
ft. 74
58
58
48
48
48
52
EW
W
¦w
Cloudy T.
CJoudy .02
Cloudy .0»
Rain T.
Clear .00
!>.5>s
G6
w
Clear .00
STATIONS.
'
<:mo
¦Cloverfiale . . . .
Colusa
Eureka
FrcfTio
Hanford
Hoi lister
lnfl«>pen<5*nce ..
Lliermore
Ixjs Angeles...
Xs ra
Mew-man
Palermo
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento . . .
San J.'iwro
Sen Hrancisro..
San Jose ;
R. J... Obtepo...
Santa Maria...
Santa Rosa
Ventura
"Willows
K S
35" 33 -
P s 3
S c
.. »6 io !
.. 69 62 .
..PI 57 .
.. M 60 .
..102 62 .
-.100 65 .
. . HI 41 .
. . 92 61 .
.. ft^ 49 .
.. «? r>4 .
.» 89 51 .
.. ft5 V? .
.. 93 53 .
.. 00 «4 .
.. «7 M .
.. SS B6 ,
.. m co .
,. . «4 45 .
.. S3 35 .
..78 4S
.. fi8 50 .
..87 44
..72 50
..92 56
7 52 2 X-
~ ro — o - «<
s> t *» os g,
Zl *» ¦ f • .
° • • I
.00 Clear N TT
.00 Clear ..
.0<J Clear
.00 Clear ' ICTV 14
.00 Clear JCW 8
.00 Clear .... ..
.00 IA Fog W
.00 Clear SE 12
.00 Clear
.<KI Clear W 8
.00 Clear S
.00 Clear
.00 Clear N
.00 Clear N 0
.00 Clear .-'..'J;".
.00 Clear N Lt
.00 Cloudy SW «
-«0 Clear SW 20
• «0 Clear
.00 Clear K C
.00 Clear ..;.>'*..
.00 Clear
.no Clear
• 00 Clear KW ..
6TAT
dnr
ID
3
<»
2
P
e
€ c
5 3
p
c ¦
o
if
' 2 *s
: Si €
r i
* ?
Astoria
Biker ..
Carson .
Eureka
Fresno !
Klagstaf
Focatell
lndepen'
Los Ans
Phoenix
Portia n<
ficA Rill
..30
..SO
..2»
..30
..29
...20
la. 23
e 29
...28
•I 9
..SO
..2»
>.«6
r j.no
».7*
>.12
).«
).S0
>.n
C2
58
78
56
102
80
78
P2
74
102
62
90
46
44
44
50
58
40
42
«4
54
«0
?2
KW
x\v
w
Nff
sw
w
w
N\V
KW
PtCldy .IS
Clear .OU
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Pt Ct&y .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clwar .00
Rain .06
Clear ,«0
rp
. . .-w
50
JCW
Clear .W
Sacra ni«
Salt I«aJ
..29
9.72
5«i
S2
48
54
N
Clear .00
Clear .00
6«n Fra
P. I.. Ot
3O.2T*
...29
:>.82
9. 82
«4
78
4K
48
N
Clear .00
Clear .00
».*<>
t;o
SW
Cloudy .on
. ..^a
Seattle
Spokane
Neah B:
"Walla T
"Wlnnem
a! la
icca
. . ..*!<J
..2i<
...3"
l. .:«)
I .2»
0.14
0.00
ft. 74
58
58
48
48
48
52
EW
W
¦w
Cloudy T.
CJoudy .02
Cloudy .0»
Rain T.
Clear .00
!>.5>s
G6
w
Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
5^3. OCCIDENTAL $-*
/fct5S HORSE EXCHANGE. t±a
Bite Hill Day Sale,
The heaviest and handsomest well-
broken young draft horses ever of-
fered at auction, as well as some of
the finest driving horses and perfect-
ly trained saddle horses, will be dis-
posed of.
On TUESDAY. June 17, I will sell from the
PIERCES" Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT HORSES weighing from
1400 to 1600, all purpose and standard trotters,
brood mares and their foals; and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard and
registered trotters, including - fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Dillon 2:07), On Stanley 2:17VL. Fram 2:14 L 4.
Diablo 2:09%. Bay Rose 2:20%. Director 2:1.,
Electioneer, General Benton, etc. Send for
catalogues.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
: ; ' \
ft* fe fe
Absolute Dispersal Sale at Auction
TROTT1NG-BRED BROOD
MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the GABILAN STOCK FARM of HON.
JESSE D. CARR. Salinas, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26. 1902, at 11 a.m..
AT SALESYARD. 1732 Market St., corner Vaa
Ness ave., Saa Francisco, Cal.
Electioneer, Boodle. Wilkes and Mambrino
Patchen Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the grandest
collections of Brood Marea. Colts and Flllle.
ever offered In California, Mares with colt.*
by and in foal to BoOdle Jr. 34.835. Nutwood
Wilkes 2:16%, Ecce 15.903. Hambletoniaa
Wilkes 1679 and other high-class stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to KIIUd & Co..
- • Livestock Auctioneers.
JUST ARRIVED
And Will Be Sold.
Car of good gentle broke horses; all- horset
sold must be as represented, or money refund-
ed. Sale commences at 11 a. m.. 1140 Folsont
St., Tuesday, June 17. Also a large assortment
of camp, express, laundry and peddling wagons.
surrles, buggies, carts and 50 sets of slngl*
. harness. -
£2* fc* £a&
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If yon want to sell anything or boy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any business;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES. CART3
and HARNESS. GROVB-ST. STABLES,
Grove st., bet. Polk st. and Van Ness av»,
THURSDAY. June 19.
MADIGAN. O'NEILL & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
£a AUCTION SALE— 40 HEAD £^
Gentla broka work and driving horse*, con-
signed by A. F. Rooker, Stockton.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 16. 11 A. M. .SAN RAFAEL. June 16.— Mrs. D. E.
Skinner, who was seriously injured In a
runaway accident near ; t,his city yester
day, still lies in a precarious condition.
Physicians in attendance give little hope
for the patient's recovery. Mrs. Skinner
regained consciousness late last night, but
to-day relapsed into a comatose -state.
She is'suffering from a slight fracture of
the skull at the base of the brain and one
limb is broken In two places. . .
Slight Hope for Mrs. Skinner.
STOCKTON, June 16.— Camp Dangham,
at Oak Point, where the First Battalion of
the sea coast artillery; National Guard of
California, is encamped, is a model city
of tents. Two hundred and twenty-flve
men compose the population of the camp.
The tents are pitched on the level space
at the edge of the grove, the mess tables
and lounging places being located in the
shade of the big -trees. There is plenty
of water and it is only one hundred yards,
to a : car line, by which the • men . may.
reach the city within ,ten minutes.. . The
place is lighted > by- electricity-., and.
.the big dancing pavilion near at. hand
affords an excellent place for the evening
gatherings. .The. ' Comment upon the fine
appearance of the soldiers and their gen-,
tlemanly condjictis general. A dance is
given * each evening, the battalion .band, u
well-trained organization of twenty pieces,
supplying the music. ' :
Arrangements are being made for a big
time on Saturday night, when the non
commissioned officers will give an Invita
tional-ball at the- park. The non-com
missioned staff consists of CTaire F.
Knerr, sergeant major; Henry Doscher,
quartermaster sergeant; Fred A. Taggard,
CDmmlssary sergeant; Charles H. Wil
liams, electrician sergeant; A. B. Ander
son and C. E. Evans, color sergeants. .
The battalion has a gat ling, gun and
some blank cartridges, but there will be
no drill with it. Salutes will be fired in
regulation style when« a general arrives.
Arrangements are being made for a num
ber of sports during the week and "there
will be a series of tug-of-war contests*
between teams from the various batteries.
Coast Artillery Guards
Win the Praises of
Stocktonians.
TENANT MODEL
CITY OF CANVAS
MAY GIVE CAUSE
OF THE TRAGEDY
Miss Nierhoff to Testify
at th© Auburn In
quest.
AUBURN, June 16.— The real motive for
tho killing of Fred Nlerhoff by William
Glover is the one topic of interest in this
community, and the Coroner's inquest to
morrow morning promises to bring out
much that-ls now mere speculation. Ever
since Miss Nierhoff's confession, in which
she stated that the Glover boya bad de
liberately planned the . killing of her
father, the public- has anxiously awaited
further developments. While in the pres
ence of her affianced husband, William
Glover, the young lady insisted that the
killing was in self-defense, but later she
wavered, and as a result of the admis
'sions she made Oscar Glover, a. brother of
the murderer, was put "behind the bars.
Both of the Glovers refuse to discuss the
tragedy. - '
• Miss Nierhoff i3 but 13 years of age and
very pretty. The substance of her con
fession was that the Glovers lay in wait
for her father with the intention of dolnj
away with him, but the real reason for
the crime is yet to be brought out.
Sale of Kancho del Paso Yearling^.
: NEW YORK, June 16.— The sale of tho
Raneho del Paso yearlings owned by J. B.
Haggin was continued to-day at Sheens
head Bay, and the best prices of the sale
were realized. The bay colt by imp. Wa
tercress-Pansy was bought by Sidney
Paget for $21,000. Green B. Morri3 was the
contending bidder, but stopped at $20,000.
Sidney Paget also paid 417.000 for the
brown colt by imp. Watercress-Pansy,
iufter some lively bidding -with Green B.
Morris. Thirty-four yearlings were sold,
bringing a total of 575,800, an average of
?222S. .
Promotion for Clark.
j WASHINGTON, June 16.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:
¦¦ Captain Charles E. Clark, to be ad
vanced seven numbers in rank to be a
rear admiral in the navy. -. .
i Joseph E. Proffltt of West Virginia.
Consul at Pretoria, South Africa.
INTERESTING POINTS IN ELKS' STREET PAIR, WHICH HAS PROVED A
GREATER SUCCESS THAN FFS VATRONS ANTICIPATED, THOUSANDS
TAKING .'ADVANTAGE OF OPPORTUNITY OFFERED FOR FUN.
the Elks' Fair, and Its success is largely
due to their enthusiasm and zeal. Many
of the most attractive booths on the
grounds are being conducted by the dif
ferent women's organizations of this city,
prominent among which is the Young
Women's Christian Association.
The celebration of Bunker Hill day to
morrow will be held under their a.usplces
on the great platform in front of the
band stand. The national colors will be
generously displayed and an interesting
programme has been arranged. It will
begin at 2:30 o'clock with the playing of
"The Star-Spangled Banner" by the band.
A short address on the battle of Bunker
Hill will be delivered by W. E. Ewer.
Lowell Redfield will sing "The Sword of
Bunker Hill."
Mrs. H. D. Rowe will be chairman of
the day at the Young Women's Christian
Association booth to-morrow. The pro
ceeds of this booth will go toward erect
ing a building for the East End Settle
ment, in which some of the most prom
inent women in Oakland are interested.
OAKLAND, June 16.— The women of
Oakland are taking a prominent part ia
WOMEN AID CARNIVAL.
Saturday. June 21 — Jedge, Clarence Cow
creek Crowell; prosecuting attorney. H. Avoir
dupois Melvln: clerk. Ray Zeke Baker; consta
ble Peter Piper Sloan.
Friday, June 20 — Jedge, H. Bilious Mehr
mann; prosecuting attorney. Cod Liveroll Tis
dale; clerk. J. Carryemoff Ewing; constable,
A. Pallbearer Smilie.
Thursday, .June 19— Jedge, Jumper Geehaw
Quinn; prosecuting attorney. W. High Low
Hynes; clerk. A. Hank Breed; constable, J.
Cabbage Crooks.
Wednesday, 'June 18 — Jedge, Morthemler
Smith; prosecuting attorney, F. Welldigger
Lieavltt; clerk. W. Jay hawk Hennessey; con
stable, Louis Lank Jones.
Tuesday. June 17 — Jedge, J. Esaw McElroy;
prosecuting attorney, J. Waterbury Stetson;
clerk. Pop Priest; constable, Jonathan Mitchell.
S. C. Hodgklns. high constable; O. R. Lu
kens, captain; H. C. Capwell, Inspector; A.
P. Leach, detective; B K. Stearns, corporal:
A. H. Breed, sergeant; A. C. Hodges, matron;
Dr. C. E. Curdts, private; Carl Borch, pri
vate; Mort Smith, private; Eugene Van Court,
private; W. J. Hennessey, private; Charles F.
Ott, private; W. H. J. Matthews, private; H.
B. Jefferey, private: W. J. Keating, private;
R. H. Moore, private.
The detail for the court for the rest of
the week will be:
known Elk could be recognized, but in
most of the cases the disguise was
impenetrable.
A. P. Smilie of Alameda headed the
marching comics: He was dressed as his
Satanic Majesty in gorgeous red and
mounted upon a horse, black as the night,.
that danced to an 'accompaniment of fire
works. Then came a platoon of mock po
lice that did a drill that rivaled the figures
that Captain Petersen of the Oakland po
lice force puts his squad through on state
occasions.
The Elks' Carnival float, driven by Di
rector General Max Schlueter, was a very
handsome affair.
There was every possible character in
the line, from tramps and negroes to Little
Eva, Topsy, acrobats, and the man who
had to walk home from bathing, in a bar
rel.
Every kind of vehicle that could be
made to move was utilized, from a six
mule dray to rapid moving automobiles,
two-wheeled donkey carts, jinrickshaws,
wheelbarrows and a patrol wagon.
The imitation bridal party, with Deputy
County Clerk Ray Baker as footman and
six pages carrying the bride's veil over
the back of the hack vied with the laun
dry float in raising a laugh along the
route. The lion tamer sitting in a cage
with one very scared cat concluded the
spectacle.
It was in the grounds that the Imitation
police had the most to do. There the
"Elkville Court and County Jail" were in
full session. The police patrolled the
grounds, and woe betide any Elk who was
found even drawing his breath. He was
Immediately taken before George W. Reed
as "Jedge and fined all he had in his
pockets.
The detail of police for this occasion
consisted of the following:
OAKLAND, ~une 16.— Kins: Car
nival reigned to-night in Oakland
and the Elks took charge of
everything from, early afternoon
to early morning. It was Carni
val night, and the members of
Oakland Lodge racked their brains for
Ideas with which to entertain the people
of Oakland and visitors.* The result of
f- these Ideas was the street parade and
subsequent events in the fair grounds.
Nothing like to-night's parade has been
attempted before on this side of the bay.
llarcbing demonstrations heretofore have
been of the serious order, but to-night
there was not a serious feature in the en
tire parade, from the imitation platoon of
police at the beginning to the end. There ;
was no particular form to the procession,
but, literally, it was a "howling suc
cess."
As in the case of the other parades the
Streets of Oakland were black with peo
ple, and at the time that the parade was
making its way through the town there
were as many people within the fair
grounds as without.
The parade seemed to have walked out
fef the pages of the comic papers, for
every character that is known to the char
ccturist's pencil had its imitation in real
life in the marching crowd. With these
merry copies were as many equally merry
originals. Underneath the costumes, wigs,
paint and powder occasionally some well
NEVADA, June 16.— Austin Otis Holbrook,
the ten-year-old son of Frank Holbrook, was
drowned In the Red Hill reservoir, one mile
from this city, yesterday afternoon.
Another booth that is continually
crowded with purchasers Is the little log
cabin, where the Fabiola ladies sell the
most delicious French doughnuts. The in
terior of the cabin is lined with white
and large wreaths of ivy relieve the mo
notony of the walls. Mrs. Charles Leon
ard Smith was in charge to-day and was
assisted by Mrs. M. E. Dow, Mrs. O. C.
KJrk, Mrs. Legault, Mrs. Willard Bar
ton and Mrs. John Yule. Mrs. R. W. Gor
rill and Mrs. Oscar Gowing will be in
charge to-morrow.
The Squirrel Inn is another very popu
lar resort. This booth is being conducted
under the patronage of the New Century
Club and has bejen fitted up in the dainti
est manner possible. The colors of the
club are delft blue and white and are used
in the decorations with delightful effect.
To-day six little girls from the West Oak
land Cooking School made the hot biscuits
and salad and the famous Squirrel Inn
coffee in fullview of the patrons. They
wore quaint little white caps and aprons.
The little waitresses to-day were Elsie
Pump, Ethel Rupert, Belle Cuddy, Es
peran'za Ortez and Sadie Yates. Mrs. Ed
win Taggart presided as hostess and was
assisted by Mrs. -D. T. Fowler, Mrs. C. O.
Huber. Mrs. Cora | Merritt, Mrs. Long.
Miss J. P. Wheaton, Mrs. F. A. Ring and
Miss Lucille Huber.
The ghostly saleswomen in the Emery
ville Free Kindergarten booth have been
very successful in selling mysterious
packages to carnival visitors. The booth
was in charge of Mrs. H. H. Miller, Mrs.
J. A. Johnson and Miss E. A. Johnson to
day.
The Native Daughters' floral booth is
very attractive, the golden poppy forming
the basis of the decoration. Mrs. Max
Schlueter is in charge and Is assisted by
Mrs. H. M. Sanborn, Mrs. J. E. Baker,
Mrs. Lincoln Frick, Mrs..T. C. Landregan.
Mrs. "J. F. Bruning, Mrs. Lulu Bruning,
Miss del Sisternia, Miss Mary Moore, the
Misses Winnie and Dora Andrews, Mrs.
V. A. Derrick nnd Miss Annie Meyer,
The colonial kitchen continues to be one
of the popular attractions at the fair,
and the gray-robed waitresses are becom
ing as adept in their new profession as
any French restaurant garcon. Few are
able to resist the allurements of the
pretty, homelike booth; with its great
open fireplace and 'tasteful decorations.
Mrs. Charles J. Heeseman was hostess
to-day, her assistants being Mrs. W. W.
Crane, Mrs. J. Cal Ewing, Mrs. D. D.
Crowley, Mrs. A. P. Leach, Mrs C. F.
Hall, Mrs. Umphrey, Mrs. Samuel Platt,
Miss Lou Curdts and Miss Lou Denison.
To-morrow Mrs. G. W. Pierce will pre
side.
NEW YORK, June 16.— At a special
meeting of the Rapid Transit Committee
of this city held . to-day the report sub
mitted by a sub-committee recommending
that permission be granted the Pennsyl
vania and Long Island railroads to enter
this city by tunnels under the North and
East rivers . was adopted. The Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company is to pay the
city $75,535 a year for ten years and $114,
871 a year for the fifteen years following.
At the end of twenty-five years the clty'a
compensation is to be readjusted.
Gains an Entrance to New York City.
OAKLAND, June 16.— Licenses to marry
were. issued to-day to John A. Badgett,
aged 25, Oakland, and ¦ Etta M. . Bowers,
aged 18, Berkeley; Fred L. Manning, 30,
Oakland, and Minnie 1 E.- Bowers, 21,
Berkeley; Robert Welspiel, 29, and Lillie
M Corlett, 26, both of San Francisco; Ed
ward N. Van Buskirk, 26, and Pearl Bry
ant 24, both of San Francisco; William
A. Mitchell, 28, and Edith A. Thomas, 25,
both of Alameda; Louis F. Dutra, 28, and
Marie Garcia, 20, both of San Leandro;
Henry I. Tillotson, 28, and Clara E.
Moody, 25, both of Oakland; John L. Scar
lett, over 21, Ventura, and Evelyn C. Ken
nedy, over 18, Berkeley.
licensed to Marry.
LOS ANGEL.ES, June 16.— Colonel Ed
ward Mayberry, a pioneer of ' California,;
is dead at his ranch, El Mollno, ten miles
from Los Angeles, after an illness of
three months. Colonel Mayberry was a
native of Windham, Me., where he was
born in 1834. In 1861, he went to San Fran
cisco, where he became a contractor,
architect and builder. He built the Napa
Insane Asylum, the Grand Hotel of San
Francisco and the First Methodist Episco
pal churches of San Francisco and Sacra
mento. One of his most notable achieve
ments was the building of the Hemit dam
across San Jacinto River about ten years
ago.
Colonel Mayberry Dies.
MANILA, June 16.— The bodies of the
sergeant, two corporals and four privates
of the Fifth Cavalry, who were captured
May 30 by ladrones at Binangoan, Risal
province, this island, have been recovered.
Most of the bodies had been hewn limb
from limb.' It was found impossible to
recognize four of the dead.
A number of arrests in the matter have
been made and nine men have been iden
tified as belonging to the band of ladrones
which captured the Americans. The iden
tified men included two members of the
police force at Teresa, Morong province.
The American soldiers were buried to
day together. It was impossible to make
separate interments.
PLrATTSBURG, N. T., June 16.— Captain
Hinds, quartermaster of the Twenty-third
Infantry, was put on trial to-day before
a courtmartial for alleged cruelty in
stringing up a private of his company. by
the thumbs at Jolo, in the Philippines,
without orders from the commanding offi
cer.
Ladrones Mutilate Seven
Americans Captured
in Risal.
SOLDIERS MEET
HORRIBLE DEATH
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1902.
KING CARNIVAL REIGNS IN OAKLAND, ELKSUNITE
IN FOLLY'S PAGEANT AND FAIR SEETHES WITH FUN
G
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
There is a reason for this. Grape-Nuts
Food is a sure, steady brain builder. It
is made for that purpose, and any one
can prove it by use. Name given by Pos-
tum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
A booklet of excellent recipes In each
package of Grape-Nuts.
"Gradually, to my surprise, toward the
close of the second week the sort of men-
tal haze that had been about me for a
long time broke away and I grasped the
thought presented with a clearness I had
not known for a long time.
"I came back to my school with better
health and memory than I have known
for 20 years, and now, while at work, I
repeat I have better nerve and brain
power and better digestion than I have
had before in 20 years." *» r »' : '.
"Email appetite and poor digestion kept
tie weak. I had been compelled to rest
at the noon hour and shut myself away
from all company morning and night In
this way only could I work up to about
c year ago, when a lady visiting here
from California led me to share a dish
of Grzpe-Nuts with her. During the win-
ter I ate occasionally of the food, always
\rith good results.
"Last July it was necessary for me to
tttend the summer school for teachers.
Being poor in purse and Eick in body I
couid not pay the expense of boarding in
a big place, so I rented a room and board-
ed myself. Grape-Nuts and cream tasted
pood and I lived almost exclusively on
the food.
A school teacher writes from Vermont
Ehe had been compelled to take a little
Liickwoods school for small wages be-
cause ehe had not the strength to con-
duct a better school.
People must be well fed in this world
If they are expected to do good work.
A carpenter with poor tools must take
less wages and handle the poor jobs. So
In life, the person with a weak, badly
tourished body must get out of the way
lor the strong ones. ;
GO WAY BACK
Oi Feed So Tou Can Keep Up.
minerals of any description.
If you have an ulcer or chronic sore of any. kind, write tis about it, medi-
cal advice will cost you nothing. Books on Cancer and other diseases of
the blood will be sent free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta, 6a.
1 S. S. S. cleanses the blood of all decaying effete matter. It has great
antidotal and purifying properties that soon destroy the germs and poisons
and restore the blood to its natural condition. And when pure blood is
S^-*^ carried to the ulcer or sore the healing process
Aj^S V 1^^ begins,, the discharge ceases and the place heals
V^V J^^ over and new skin forms. S. S. S. is a strictly vege-
table bib od purifier containing . no mercury or
B B B #fc B^ EBb • Are ' ? n jaany respects like otter ulcers or
fij' Em Of EZa #B W sores> and his resemblance often proves fatal.
Valuable time is lost in fruitless efforts to heal
the sore with washes and salves, because' the germs of Cancer that are multi-
plying in the blood and the new Cancer cells which are constantly develop-
ing keep up the irritation and discharge, and at last* sharp shooting pains
announce the approach of the eating 1 and sloughing stage, and a hideous,
sickening cancerous sore begins its j
destructive work. v , . . I In February, 1809, 1 noticed a small
No ulcer or sore can exist with-* £"? p 1 ° w * r *L ip * Tho doctor cau-
. , . . . . , terized it but another came and br oka
out some predisposing internal cause out into an open sore. I began to take
that has poisoned the blood, and the S. S. S. and after I had taken seven bot-
open discharging ulcer, or the fester- tles the place healed entirely and no
imr enw nn ?h*» 1in r4i«*»V nr nfh^r- ai sns of the disease have been seen
ing sore on the lip, cheek or other since: w# P# Browa Hollands, s. C.
part of the body will continue to . .
spread and eat deeper into the flesh unless the blood is purified and the
Cancer germs or morbid matter eliminated from the circulation.
BSB MmM «r|M EBmtBB ASff JSS^™ ¦ BS^OSl mSS MBm *Bm ¦ MBm
gjjg JSm £SsS8isl ESr warn BS Aim ' Pi3 IB n fST M&B Hflf JW BB iB*
For High Balls
T It is. not possible to
raj^ obtain anything as
ggg£ good as Straight It's
j||| the finest possible
O quality of whiskey.
0S&\ OLD ¦
MuyjjRowrf L.KU W
I **•*£& www and our Scotch whis-
fi -——•-' i keys are positively
ks^^J) straight
H. B. KIRK & CO., N. Y.
CATTON, BELL & CO.,
6OLE DISTRIBUTORS.
San Francisco. CaLTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, T JUN# 17, 1902.
10
CLAIRVOYANTS-- Continued.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any. subject;
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post St.— 412.
Daily. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m. ¦ - ¦ •
1 1 1 THEO IS COMING ! ! ! '
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high peychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium: truth or
no pay; full life readings 5Oc._J221 Fifth st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. 25c; G. 60c. 521% Eddy
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st. ,
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;teL Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
¦ tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros." excellent carpet-cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy.. r. 85. 916 Market St.; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
'¦¦ COTTAGES TO LET.
$20 — S ROOMS and bath, near Washington and
Powell sts., or will sell $500 cash, bal. easy.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market Et.
$12 50 — 1 ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty-first sts.; Castro cars.
DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist in each ' department ;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S, F. ;
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 909 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. ,
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The "Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted % Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, j$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking andlilillinery School ;
corset-malting taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable dressmaker- — Miss L. V. Clarke,
1123 Powell; orders promptly attended to.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^ALD^S~^OTO^_~OF^ETEC^maAir^NG^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March. 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
'.; engineering; day anfl night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory ;
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
• conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, f>30 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
St.. for their new catalogue: it is free and the
nicest in the State. • Life scholarship §50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey,, assay, cyanlile; day. «ve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A GENTLEMAN would like to know of some
one capable of giving instruction on the cor-
net. Box 1061, Call..
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
Chicago Business College. 143". Market, nr.lOth;
Plttman shorthand, typing, fcookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.d^sires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Actlng,120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.,
founded 1863; new 80-pag«j catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel.- Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab'. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH girl, first-class cook, under-
stands all branches; references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Slitter st.
A — COMPETENT nurse, infant or Invalid: can
take full charge. Apply to MRS. NORTON,
813 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED nurse will care for convales-
cent; city or country; contagious cases taken;
prices reasonable. Box 1102, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants place as cook in
small family; good references; $20 to $25.
316% Ritch st, bet. 3d and 4th, off Brannan.
YOUNG girl would like .to assist with house-
work or second work in small family; no chil-
dren. Call or address COO Waller st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as chambermaid
and seamstress; no waiting; wages $20.
Box 1091. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work and cooking; no washing; wages $20.
Box 1090. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants to do housework
in small family; good cook and plain, wash-
er. 31 Fulton st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes light housework
in small family; references; call 10 to 4; no
postals or letters. 1022 Larkin st.
WOMAN with a child wants to assist In house-
work; small wages. 363 Minna st. ; city or
country. ¦ ¦ .
GERMAN laundress 'wishes work by the day,
$1 50 per day. Address 48 & 7th, shoe store.
POSITION wanted as ¦ housekeeper or care or
home in owner's absence; references. Box
1057. Call.
A GIRL 16 years old wants to do light house-
work. Call at 22% Telegraph place; top floor.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
. washing, ironing, housecleaning or sewing,
$150 per day. 148 Sixth st, room 22.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants to
.work by the day washing and housecleaning.
Address M. K., 611% Minna st.
WOMAN wants work. by the day or week; un-
derstands general housework; first-class ref-
erences; good laundress. Box 101L Call.
COMPETENT SwedlBh woman wishes position
as cook; wages $30 to $38. 228 Halght st;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar.
kct — 200 rooms; 26c to fl 50 per night; $1 00
to $6 -week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
.Valencia st. . .
HELP WAWTEJP---MALE — Cow.
MURRAY „ READY.... 634-636 Clay st
Phone Main 584S. . -
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 A. M.
...NEW RAILROAD WORK
State of Utah •••"
Free Special Frse
Utah State . .^
%...Also ship to ••••
Salt Lake Division. ¦ Moteen, Rokeby, Iron
Point. Battle Mountain. Palisade. Fenelon,
Wells, Carlin, Reno, Elko, Wadsworth
For the above places
WE WANT
849 teamsters. $2 to $2 50 day: 1500 laborers.
$2 25; 15o car dumpers. $2 25; 500 concrete
men, drillers, rockmen, car dumpers
Ship Free Daily
SANTA FE COMPANY'S WORK
150 laborers for section, ballast and extra
gangs, company's own work
ARIZONA
15 R. R. teamsters; camp blacksmiths
CARPENTERS
MECHANICAL HELP •
4 carpenters to build boat, scow and dredger.
• see boss here, $82 60 and found, free fare; J
carpenters, country, long job, $2 75 and
found, fare paid; 3 carpenters, near city, $i*»;
machinist, city Job. $3 to $3 50; camp black-
smith, near city, $75; 11 blacksmiths, other
Jobs, camps, ranches, shops; blacksmith, saw-
mill; millwright, see boss here; woodworker,
country shop, old man; 2 blacksmith helpers.
no shoeing; cooper, oil company
MINES
List of Jobs ready at 7 a. m • •
3 miners, torth. $90; 6 miners, single hanc.
north. $75; 4 miners, south, good mine. $«u
and found; 75 laborers for a large mine, no
experience' required, you'll fill the bill, $40
to $52 and found
ANOTHER MINE
15 men to work around a good mine, south,
steady work year around, fare $2 50, wages
$40 and found
WE SHIP AGAIN TO-DAY
PAY YOUR FARE
SAWMILLS- . . TO . . YARDS AND WOOD
579 man to work around 48 different saw-
mills, yards and woods, no experience need-
ed, to pile 'lumber, learn to run machines,
etc.. and make yourselves useful. $30 to $65
and found
Are You Going? ...Your Fare Is Paid
Get a List of Job? Daily
10 lumber pliers, big sawmill. $45 and found,
23 different Jobs for experienced sawmill
help
MISCELLANEOUS
10 men to work In fruit packing house, etc.,
$26 and found; milk wagon driver, country
job, $35 and found: can washer, city milk
depot. $10 week; young man to drive deliv-
ery wagon;- 10 men to clean brick. $1 25 per
thousand; 10 stablemen, buggy washers and
hostlers; 3 coachmen; man and wife, private
place. Santa Clara County. $45 and found.
see boss here
25 boys to work in factory, private places;
choreboys for ranches. •••
FRUIT WORKERS
HAY AND HARVEST ,'AV™
FARMS AND DAIRIES
2 sack sewers, $2 day and found; 2 men to
haul grain, $2 day; 70 hay and harvest hands,
all counties. $1 25 to $2 50 and found; 35
farm hands, steady jobs, $25, $2« to $35 and
found; 3 milkers N north, fare paid; 3S chore-
men and choreboys; 27 milkers, different
dairies, $35 and $40 and found; budder for
nursery, $2 day and found; 10 men and boys
to cut, pick and pack asparagus, no experi-
ence required, $26 and found; 8 men to work
in apricots and other fruit, $26 and found.
You should have a list dally
'. LABORERS
15 laborers, Napa County, $34 and found; 20
laborers In San Francisco, $2 day; 4 laborers,
factories; 27 laborers, quarry: 30 laborers,
manufacturing company; 8 laborers, factory.
Oakland • • •
HOTELS
BUTCHERS BAKERS
Young man to take orders and deliver meat,
$25 and found: sausage linker, sausage fac-
tory. $13 week; 3 butchers, country shops;
baker, hotel, country. $40 and found; baker,
springs, south, $40 and found; 25 cooks, city
and country hotels and restaurants, $40, $50
to $75 and found; 14 waiters, city and coun-
try, $30, $35 and $40 and found; porter, coun-
try hotel, fare SI. $25 and found; cook for
springs, $1 50 fare, $50 and found; 47 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc., etc
For other positions
Call, read our bulletin boards, get our dally
< list
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT C.'R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION!
A Special Shipment To-day.
No Office Fee No Office Fee
No Office Fee No Office Fee
Costs you nothing — go to-day.
Carload teamsters R. R. work
Carload laborers ,,..R..R. work
Carload concrete men R. R. -work
Carload tunnelmen R. R. work
FOR NEVADA AND UTAH.
Wages $2, $2 25. $2 50, $3 a day
Come One... Come All
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
600 tunnelmen, drillers, headers and muck-
ers $2 to $3 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
A man for a private family. Lake Tahoe.
free fare there and back, $30 per month and
found, to take care of horses and milk a few
cows, see party here
C. R. HANSEN & CO .'. 420 Bush st.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co.. team-
sters and laborers for railroad work In Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
Laborers : . .$2 per day
Board - $5 25 per week
Report with .blankets at 900 Broadway.
Oakland
Laborers for concrete work, wages $2 per
day, 10 hours' work; board $4 50 per week;
long job. Report at Napa Junction.
WANTED — Barber, young man. good work-
man; steady. P. O. box 375, Santa Clara, Cal.
YOUNG man for porter and bar; $25 per month
and board. McMahon House. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WANTED — Partner as cashier In restaurant;
clears $150 per month: $250 required: good
chance. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
BARBER wanted; $15 week. Address box 1059,
Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 707 Mtsslon st
WANTED — Honest young man with $175 cash;
light contracting business; $70 month year
round; no experience required. BROWN,
1221 Market st.
WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED — Honest single man with $75 to
take cash and assist in restaurant: $40 mo.;
no experience. Brown. 1221 Market st
WANTED — Man with $90 to take cash and
attend cigar store: $50 month; no experience
required. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st
WANTED — Jean Costel, i the laundry man, to
communicate with the proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills. Cal.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place, Lick
House.
WANTED — Boy with artistic ability to learn
engraving. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 846 Market.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried man. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States," of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New . Montgomery st., San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy, goods and no-
tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free: special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 lar-e
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRYl 241 3d.
WANTED— Young men to learn barber trade
S. "F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st :
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
uOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half -soled while 'waiting! 25c
to 50c. B63 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d stsT
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet lat and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200, rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery.
FINE 2-stg.ry house: 7 rooms and bath* on car
line; $14? Call 354 Geary st.
FOLSOM. 2328— Bay-window house. 7 rooms,
bath; rent ?25. „
5 ROOMS and bath; good yard and cellar- $18-
no children. 51 Langton u*- ' ' '
HELP WyVTBP- — PEM * I.K— *>-. -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
100 waitresses for s-prin^s, resorts, city and
country hotels, many of them parties can be
seen. -here, fares paid to most all country
places .' $20-$25
Chambermaids to wait one meal, city, coun-
try, springs and resort hotels $20
Shaker out, laundry $20 and board
2 women, kitchen work $15-!<20
.Pantry woman, watering resort, fare- one
way ¦ ". .$25
2 cooks, country hotels $30
Laundress, summer resort, fare one way.. $33
Chambermaid, Santa Barbara, fare advanced
$20
Nice place for a woman (or small hotel, fare
¦ paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse, care of one child, $20; housegirls. city
and country; German or Swedish woman for
cooking, -American family, San Jose, $35; 4
others in help, no washing, party can be seen
here; second sirls, nurse girls
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
Opp. California Hotel, bet. Kearny st and
Grant ave.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI ST*RAUSS & CO.. 32 ft FREMONT
ST.: MR. DAVIS.
PACIFlC^College, 1236 Market st, r. 94^ — Hair-
work, halrdressing. marcel wave, manicur-
ing, massage, etc.: positions guaranteed; $12
to $35 wk.; day, eve. classes; course 2 wks.,$5.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required: special offer this month;
halrdresslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, U35 Clay st
OPERATORS — Experienced, also learners; paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS CO..
muslin underwear factory, 597 Missn., cor. 2d.
WANTED— Competent and neat German or
French girl for cooking and housework in !
small family; good wages. . Box 1065, Call.-
WANTED — Experienced presser on ladies' wool |
and silk waists. San Francisco Mfg. Co..
C23 Market st. .
1:0 WOMEN for concert hall. Southern Califor-
nia. Call 233 Powell, room 5; hours 2 to 5.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers,-
ekirts. etc.; work home. 338 Fell st
MILLINERY, thorough • cour.'e. $1 per week; j
day and even, class. 143 Stqckton, room 13.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 FolFOm st •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
j HELP "WANTED — MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third it?!
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day i
100 rockmen.... $2 25 to ?2 CO per da/
FREE FARE'. FREE FARE
Mendocino County : Bis sawmill
50 railroad laborers. .?26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen <"....
$2(5 to $t'O per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
10 men for haying
$2 25 to $1 50 per day and board
10 harvest hands $2 per day and board
2 sack sewers $2 per day and board
5 carpenters' helpers $2 per day
3 carpenters, country $3 50 per day
10 lumber pilers, sawmill -
540 per month and board
2 head sitters >. .$3 per day
20 woodsmen. .$40 to $60 per month and board
5 muckers, gold mine $2 25 per day
4 smelter men. $72 per month
Blacksmith, horseshoer, country... ?3 per day
Cook, restaurant, near city .$30 and room
Camp cook, 35 men ..$40 a month
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.. 638 Clay.
Phone 1191.
400 teamsters, concrete men, rock men and
steam shovel dumpeis...$2 25 to $2 50 per day
To Wadswcrth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
.- Reno, Telegraph Point and Carllne....Fee $1
300 railroad men. S. P. Co.'s own work, for
Sacramento, Western and Coast Division, to
Tracy, Florin, Oakland. San Mateo, San Luis
Obispo and otber points... .$1 60. $1 70 and $2
Section, extra and concrete gang Free fare
10 woodchoppers $2 50 per cord
100 laborers and miners $2 to ?2 50 day
20 quarrymen, free fare: ...$2 per day
21 tanbarkmen $2 per cord
10 men for hay fields $1 25 and found
6 milkers and dairymen $30 and $35 & fd.
100 millwrights. $3 00 to $4
20 men to make ties 12c to 18c
1 bellboy $15 and found
100 men for other jobs, cooks, waiters, labor-
ers, etc. Call and read our bulletins.
2 MILK wagon drivers, $35 and $40 and
found; buggy washers, $30 and found; J5 men
about place. $25 and $.'50 and found; coach-
man, $30 and found;, farmer and wife, $50;
milker anil wife. $60; man and wife on farm,
$50; blacksmiths and carpenters; laborers
for country, $2 day, free fare; farmers,
milkers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WE want 500 men for all kinds of work; lots
of mechanics, etc., too numerous to adver-
tise; call and read over our list of wants.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
WANTED — Cook and wife: small country ho-
tel; $50. 'See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st. ~~ •
Fry cook, $70; broiler, $45; second cook. $70;
short-order cook. $35. 6 days a week; waiter,
first-class springs, $25; pantryman, $30; sil-
verman, $30; gardener and milk 2 - cows,
country, $25; handy man to tend to garden,
horses, etc., S30: four men for laboring work,
private place. $1 a day and fd.; young man
for Indoor work, private place, $25; farm
hand for Trinity Co.. must speak French,
fare paid," $30. etc.
A FIRST-CLASS milker; springs; $30; fare
one way.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
\ Bellboys, $15; dishwasher, $30; bus man,
$25; potwasher, $25: cook, $40.
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting of Master
Barbers' Association THIS EVENING, 8:30
o'clock, at 102 O'Farrell st.
S. HELLER, Secretary.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man with $125
cash; will pay $16 to $18 per week; plain
light work; experience 'not required: perma-
nent place. 1016 Market St., room 10.
A YOUNG man with experience to run an elec-
. trie elevator. Apply % at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S.
ENERGETIC young man to solicit printing
orders, etc.; salary and commission. Ga-
• briel Printing Co., 419 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Tailors 'to work by. the week: $18
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD _
CO., 27 Geary st.
BARBER wanted to buy 2-chair shop; 4 good
mirrors; 2 sunny living rooms and yard' In
back; a bargain. 1025 Howard st.
BARBER wanted, journeyman or apprentice;
10c shop. 803 Kearny st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 811 Battery st.
WANTED — First-class practical cutter. S*. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
PRESSER at Cal. Clothing Renovatory, 287
O'Farrell st
WANTED— Good barber. 112}$ Eddy «t.
GOOD finishers 'on vests. 641 Vi Stevenson st.
WANTED — A kitchen boy; saloon. 637 Mont-
gomery st.. between 6 and 9.
RESTAURANT porter; $7 a week; must know
the business. 38 Fourth st. ; call early. .
UNDERPRESSERS wanted: good pay; steady
work. S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
COAT cressers wanted: steady work; $20 per
week. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Good reliable boy to feed Gordon
press. Box 1093, Call.
BOY wanted to learn trade. THE FINK &
SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market st.
WANTED — Boy with experience in carriage
blacksmlthing; also handy with horses; have
j reTerence. Box 101)8, Call.
FEEDERS for Gordon presses. WILCOX &
CO.. 28 First st.
WANTED — Good all-round cook: email restau-
rant and boarding-house. 2231 Powell st.
WANTED — Man to cook for 4 or 5 men; wages
$15 per month. Call 600 Halght st
GOOD barber wanted | for Wednesday. Satur-
day and Sunday. Apply at 517 Montgomery.
EXPERIENCED* cook for restaurant. 1507
Market st'. near Eleventh. •
DISHWASHER wanted for restaurant; no Sun-
¦ day work. 666 Fourth st
WANTED — Porter for barber shop at 7A Eddy
¦ street. • . . -
FIRST-CLASS non-union carpet-layer and fit-
ter; good pay. 1042 Golden Gate ave.
$25 — YOUNG man, make collections, $40 month.
737 Howard st, room 64. . -. ¦
A STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month year round- 78 Third st, room 2.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— By an " elderly man, sober, stead 1 /
and" reliable, position as night watchman,
janitor or care taker. Address G. V. W.,
box 1101, Call office. .
MAN and wife want place, city or country;
man gardener and outside work, woman to
jdo general housework. M. S., 473 Seventh
St.. Oakland. • " -
STEADY man wishes place as coachman and
gardener: city or country; can milk; good ref-
erence. Box 1002. Call.^
WANTED — Work on a ranch as working fore-
man; can milk: steady and reliable; $30 a
month and found.' Box 1072. Call. -*
POSITION wanted as barman or assistant by
an elderly, trustworthy man of good address
&nd strictly sober habits. Address J. B.,
Hntel Gazette, 26 Montgomery St., S. F. .
YOUNG man wishes situation on private place
as assistant gardener; has 6 years' experi-
ence at gardening; can milk; run gasoline en-
gine; PHILIP. JOHNSON, 861 Market »t. . ,
A RELIABLE elderly man; handy at most any-
thing; understands prune drying; will work
for moderate wages; city or country. Box
1071. Call. ¦¦ - -
COACHMAN and gardener wishes situation;
city or anywhere; good city reference. Box
1099, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, best references, sober and
industrious, wishes private place; wages $30.
Box 1104, Call office. .
NEAT German, handy all-round, wishes em-
ployment for living wages. Box 1103, Call.
BARBER in wholesale district wants work
Sunday morning. ¦ Box 1097, Call.
ONE well acquainted with the manufacture of
all kinds of ladies' and men's gloves is de-
sirous to buy for or take charge of a glove
department; city or country; can furnish good
references. Address box 1035, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
and experienced stenographer; at present em-
ployed, but desires change. Address F. M.,
Y. M. C. A.
COLLEGE graduate in chemistry desires posl-
tlon>>as analytical chemist: excellent' refer-
ences. Address E.'L. HALL. 1013 Gough st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call, advertisements and
su'o£crlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' v
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
C*ll. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ' ;
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
«old; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post
WANTED — $35,000 building loan; on ! water
front: brick warehouse. Box 4622. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant upper flat, 6 sunny rooms and
basement: just completed; corner Seventeenth
and^Hartford sts.; half block from Market
st.; '13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; modern improve-
mentg. 3446 Twentieth st. near Capp.
MODERN flat of 6 fine sunny rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Far-
rell st. -'¦¦¦,-:.-
ELEGANT 8-room flat; sunny: bonton loca-
tion; 2957 Jackson st SPECK & CO., 667
Market st
EXCEPTIONAL offer; 1 month free for a
downtown, modern flat; see 1162 Ellis st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FINE flat of seven rooms and bath; 458 Hayes
st. Inquire at 26 Turk st
MODERN sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath. 4A
Tremont ave., near Waller st. "
SUNNY flat; 3 rooms, yard; water free; $10.
356 Third st.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FOUR-ROOM flat and piano: marine view; 3d
door from Hydc-st. oar. 1233 Vallejo at.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
228 TAYLOR — Newly furnished flat of 5 rooms
and bath, on easy terms. Call 2 to 3, 7 to 8.
516% LEAVENWORTH— Furnished flat of 3
rooms on easy terms: cheap rent.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i^ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. Kins Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 10 rooms. Gil Eddy
street.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURMTURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS..
411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES. -^
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, first-class resort $35
4 waitresses, mountains, fares paid $25
4 waitresses, springs, fares paid ..$25
2 waitresses, resorts near city $20 and $25
6 waitresses, springs. Lake Co., fares both
ways $20
12 waitresses, commercial and city hotels
$20-$25
2 chambermaids to wait $20
Bath woman, springs, steady position
Pantry woman, springs $25
MRS. M. E. DAY.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, hotel, city, $40; bread baker
for. institution, $30; cook, small summer re-
sort, $40; 4 cooks, no wash, $30; 4 second
girls, city and country, $25, $30; laundress,
$30, springs; waitress for institution, $25; 14
chambermaids and waitresses. $20 and $25:
4 chambermaids, $17 50 and $20; laundress
to work on mangle, $22 50; 7. restaurant
waitresses: 100 girls for all kinds of house-
work at $25. $30; call to-day. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 334 Sinter st.
A WOMAN cook for men. $40; mother and son
to do laundry work in hotel, $50; 2 cooks, $30
each; boarding-house cook, $35; second girl,
$25; ranch cook, $25; housegirl, $30; nurse-
glrl, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
i WANTED — Bright lady canvasser; local or to
travel as assistant; no books; former experi-
ence not necessary: will post her and if
bright will take her as partner; make ap-
pointment; country ladies not debarred. Ad-
dress F. G. BART, 230 Montgomery ave., S.F.
WANTED — Experienced second girl for cham-
ber work and sewing; wages $25; reference
required. Apply bet :> and 6 o'clock at 1264
Fourteenth St., Oakland.
FINISHERS and edge-basters wanted to work
by- the week; steady work; good pay. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl for upstairs work and wa'it-
ing; small family; no window-cleaning. Ap-
ply at 3014 Washington st.
WANTED — Experienced woman to assist in
the cutting of women's and children's gar-
menta for factory. Box 1100. Call.
GLOVES — Machine operators to learn glove-
flttlng and banding;- steady. Carson Glove
Co., 35 Market st:
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$25. Call between 2:30 and 5 p. m.. 2314
California st.
WANTED — Good cook, general housework, 2
In family, $30. Apply Hotel Pleasanton, 9
to 11. • •
STENOGRAPHER — Experienced In mercantile
work. SMITH'S Cash Store, 25 Market st.
WANTED — Active woman of mature years to
take charge of small office. Box 1095, Call,
A BRIGHT, attractive young lady canvasser;
salary and commission. G., box 1094, Call.
; WANTED — Experienced finisher on coats. 364%
Third st. i
APPRENTICE girl to work on coats. 610 Ex-
aminer building. • :
ACTIVE woman to assort dishes in restaurant
kitchen, $25 per month. 7"5 Market st. j
FIRST-CLASS arm waitress; good pay. 725
Market st. :
EXPERIENCED apprentice for tailor. 24
Montgomery st., room 7, second floor.
WANTED — A neat German girl for general
work in bakery. - 108 . Ninth st.
WANTED — A girl to do plain cooking and
light housework for 2 weeks. 011% Larkin.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object
WANTED — A young | girl I for ¦ general house-
•work; need not cook; small family. 1831 Eddy.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2211
Buchanan st.
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework.
U10% Geary »t. ¦.¦•-, ¦,: ¦ ¦¦_
$4 60— HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught in 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed In stores . and with private ' cus-
tomers, $50 and $75 - per ¦ month : class day
and evening^ College 233 Geary St., rs. 13-15.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSpToiT fiat~6 rooma and bath, bet Tay-
lor. Polk. Market. Geary. IPS Hartford st
. HOnSES _ASD WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses, including four well-matched teams;
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change, 246 Third st
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also bugjies, wagons, har-
ness etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION Sale — 10 head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKER.
Stockton STEWART'S Horse Market. Mon-
day, June 16. 11 a. m.
ADJUSTABLE seat trap; cost $300; good as
new; physician's top and wire wheel bike;
cheap. O'BRIEN'S. G. G. ave. and Polk st
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station;
San Mateo electric cars stop at place.
JOSEPH LEIPSIC.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Hors»
Exchange. 246 Third st.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old;
drives single or double. 623 Grove st.
$40^ — LIGHT express wagon; good condition; a
bargain. 417 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Well-bred horse, very stylish and
gentle. $115. 223 McAllister st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey, harness. work.drtvlng horses. 15th_Valencla»
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wason for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.'
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Purse containing $30 gold, some silver.
key, etc.. in Golden Gate Park, near band-
stand, Sunday afternoon; perfect Identifica-
tion and reward If returned. 2124 Broderick.
LOST— Sunday, on 12:30 Oakland boat, ladies'
purse containing money and valuable papers.
Liberal reward if returned to H. F. COF-
FIN, 17 Beale st.
LOST — $75 reward for return diamond crescent
with star in center: lost at Pavilion Satur-
day evening or on way home. NEUHAUS,
115 Kearny st.
LOST — A pearl pear-shaped pendant with a
diamond spray over it; on Kearny st, bet.
Sutter and Market. Reward at 2670 Pine* st.
LOST— Lady's small gold watch and fob-
marked M. G. M.; on Saturday, bet Cliff
House and Van Ness ave. Return to 17™
Washington st. and receive reward.
LOST — On "Washington St., bet. Davis and
Drumm; part of gold fob; Initial G. J. G. :
suitable reward. GEO. GIANN1NI. 104
Washington at
LOST — On Kearny, Bush. Sutter or Montgom-
ery sts. N S. G. W. badge. Return to
JOS. L. KEHRLEIX, 216 Kearny St.; reward.
LOST — Knights Templar charm, bet. Mechan-
ics' Pavilion. S. F., and Oakland. Return to
O. BERGSTEN. Center-st. station; reward.
LOST — Pair of eyeglasses. Return to 327
Sixth st. and get reward.
LOST — Red greyhound; black nose. Return to
343 Nineteenth ave.. Richmond; suitable re-
ward.
LOST — Diamond ring on Halght-st car. from
Cole st. to ferry, or on steamer Enclnal to
Webster st. Alameda; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 129 Davis st.
LOST — A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in t**
name of MARY CALDWELL, No. 46-673.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Cigar case containing papers value to
owner only.' E. Cooper. 1281 Pacific; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A — ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER,
wili be glad to know she has returned to San
Francslco and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
her will be assured of careful and honest
treatment. Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours. 10 to 12 a. m..
2 to 5 and 7 to s p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment only. Phcne Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 1S04 Market st.. rooms 25 to 28. City
Hal) square. Over Good Fellows* Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special."
let— 'Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of most obstlnata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjscts
of a dellcatta nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL. off.ee — residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises th»
roost important of modern principles In treat-
Ing and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007*4 Market st
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed: home la
confinement: hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st. opp. 5th and nr. Pow ell.
MRS. DR. WYETH — Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience: private home la
confinement Moved to 728 Post st. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
lst; maternity hospital; home for infants
free; fee low. Movqd to 118 Eddy st. nr Mkt.
MRS! D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles*'
specialist : a private home before and durtn*
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe _ sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug stcre.Clay _ Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. S Flood bid*.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposita
Union Square: all diseases cured by heriM.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWs"
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Ml3slon:tel.Maln 730.
MINES AND 3IINING.
EMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start; only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. U1
Montgomery st. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlneryTMcIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
'FINE 33x47 Cottrell press; air springs; tape-
, less delivery; plate distribution; first-class
order; cheap. Box 1044. Call office.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning, Tent & Hammock Co.. 2C8 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswjck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
2# -CARAT diamond: color unexcelled: no deal,
ers, The Knox, 376 Geary, r. 21, 1 to 7 p. m,
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doort
and bricks for sale. Valencia st. cor. 13th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GENTLE. 7-year-old mare, with harness and
wagon, $125. 2293 Howard st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han<J
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st
A NO. 1 fresh shorthorn Durham cow, 4 year*
old: rich milk: gentle. 83 Shotwell st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers tt
to P. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d _ Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boileri
bought sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st'
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also rent**
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 484.
WANTED— 2d-hand electric motors, all slssa.
any condition. Farnsworth Electrical "W_-.
185 Jessie st. •
WANTED— Second-hand disc graphophon»j
state price. G. C. A.. 668 Broadway. Oakland,
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins!
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call offlc*.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stonai
• bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clotfci-c and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. JessU 2331.
BUSINESS Cg.ANCES-— : Contlnped^
RESTAURANT for sale at 666 Fourth st
ROUTE In Western Addition; building up dls-
trtct; reasonable. Box 1702. Call.- -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
DOLLARS SAVED IN BUYING EQUALS
MONEY EARNED.
The following houses will save you dollars
and earn money:
12 rooms; rent $30; good furniture; price
$300.
34 rooms; rent $175; very good furnishings;
price $2500.
16 rooms; rent $150; modern; private baths;
swell; price $5000.
S6 rooms; rent $66; mixed furniture; price
$1250.
To buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. bet 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bena fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
. 917 Market et., bet 6th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. »
A — NO contract from buyers or sellers.
All places advertised free.
At Retsloff. McMlllen _ Co.*s.
Call, we can suit you.
10 rooms: partly furnished; snap $225
20 rooms; clears $95; only 800
14 rooms; Geary st. : reduced to 950
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
30 rooms; first-class; north of Market.. 2400
20 rooms; clears $60 200
. IS rooms; just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $000 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLEN & CO.. tel. John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL _ HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all part* of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms;, rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1^ per cent per month.
A. CAMERON _ CO..
£50 Market Et. and S Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busl-
necs to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses; carriage at door. Money loaned, 1%
per cent.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. upstairs, near Call building.
A — big — free — list — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men...... 5000
16 rooms: sunny corner; fine location*... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. fiats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. . -
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
___________
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st
21 rooms; rent $50: part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furniture . 2500
28 rooms: must sell: make offer; cheap rent
39 rooms; rent $S2; a money-maker.. 1850
08 rms.; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced. 6500
Lodging-house; 19 rooms; transient; Brussels
carpets, oak and cherry furniture; $550 se-
cures it.- Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.r.4.
MORTGAGED louging-house; transient: $150:
secure it; entire furniture goes. MORRISON
& CO., 26 Montgomery st. room 4.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on eaEy payments.
1G rooms; clears $40 $300
11 rooms; clears $30 $550
8 rooms;; clears $30 $300
And ether bargains. S42 Howard et
SOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s. 765 Markt.
$120 — Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
$140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$700 — Roadhouse near city; good trade.
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains.
SNAP— $2600. SO-room house, rent $65; $1500.
37-room house, rent $50, good furniture, first-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE _ CO.,
765 Market et.
A— $600; LODGING-HOUSE, 2<> rooms. 30
beds; rent $20; best location on water front
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 v, Kearny st.
$90 WILL put you In a house, renovated and
newly furnished, clearing $25 per month.
."520 Third st.
$100 WILL put you in a 16-room house; newly
furnished: will clear $50 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying;
cheap rent. 219A Mason st.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis st. near FrMklin,
materializing seance; Sun.. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st., nr. Gough; Ellis car.
MRS. SHEEHAN, trance, test medium ;readlngs
50c.. $1. 316 Third st.. cir. Tues., Fri.; 25c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
W.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat; 10c; sittings daily. 148 6th st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests.
10c; ladles' prophetic readings, 50c. 132 6th.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.,
PAUL TJESTINE, the great reader of hn-
nian destiny, may be consulted dally on all.
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages, dlvorca, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful !n business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's' ekill cured without medicine;
there Is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this Inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. MedlumiEtlc Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. <ra. to 8 p. m.
32C O'FARRELL STREET 326
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told, how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569. .
'A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gyp*y clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p.. m. ; readings by mall ns satisfactory as
Jn person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5: send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 leading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites' the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to 8
daily. 1010 Mission st. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;,
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50e,
een_$l; palm, and clalr. sit $1 CO. 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime _ birth date. J.
MYERS, postoffice box 2224. San Francisco.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26. ;
MISS M. WILLE. 614 Taylor st. clairvoyant
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market st. suite 1—
Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant: readings
dally this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
aflvice: names given; 25c up. B Fourth st
M up* rvojr ~ t •— * P-—l«t, 25o
Mrs Reynolds, the noted life reader, sires fall
life readings for $1. 1008 Market, op. Bth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25a;
gents 60c 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. . .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: opea
cctij 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery atreet.
corner Clay: open until 9:S0 p. m.
ZOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t>S9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet: ooen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
I2G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
octil 9 p. m.
10C Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ctreete; open until 9 p. m.
2-00 Fillmore street: open until 8 p._m :
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M., ¦
WlU meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J\-
1NG. June IT. at 7:30 o'clock. J?tatea
meeting and M. M. Degree. By order / ~r 1
• of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A 11.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _A_
DAY) EVENING, al 7:30 o'clock. De- /&J\
tree Two. By order W. M. / ~r i
EDWIN L . MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy st., meets THIS {TUES- JL
DAY) EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Third tf_f
Degree. *%r*
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodee No. 144. F. and A. m
M. — Second Degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at T ::J;l o'clock. >£_/*
A. S. HL'BBARD, Secretary. * ~^
FIDELITY Lodee No. 222, I. .<s___^>.
c O. F.— Special meeting on
v, EDNESDAY EVENING for
the purpose of visiting Oriental "' B *
Rebekah Lodge. Refreshment*. _
C. L. Z1EGLER, N. G.
H. W. OSTKOFF. Rec. Sec.
AL1.ADIO CEAM CHEESE.
A~ DAINTY dinnerdeUcacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain Is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. cr P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 120fi Sutter st.
ATTORNEYS AT UW.
R. W. ICING, atty.. Examiner building, room.
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
rages. partnerships, attachments, collections,
ttc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
bo advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success: established IB yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market et. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. S19 Market st
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooma
30'J-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Y.'t yt.: cjnsultation free: r.o fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or 12xc___sre.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301
jerkin. &05 Market 1968 to 1974 Page.
iiOAUDINGr FOii CHILDREN.
EESPECTAELE lady would like care of child,
would not object to take from birth; refer-
ences exchanged. Address E. L.. 36 Ivy ave.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
StOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. U4S Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BtSINESS CHANCES.
A— £1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; 4 'ivins-rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years,; in short, a good business. See
ft. G. WILKE, 2fc3.a Kearny st.
A — $1250; RESTAURANT and coffee house on
Keamy st. ; rent ?75; place clearing above
f^5(J i>er month; a good investment. Call R.
G. WILKE, "t> l -2 Kearny st.
A — $1400; SALOON on Geary Et. ; choice cor-
ner: card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
wcll-patroniztd and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WiLKE, 20% Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice orice as
he must leave for Honolulu: will erive lease
to a good tenant; rent S25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, ::6% Kearr.y.
A— $1300; EALOON established many years.
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a »;ood investment. Call R. G.
WILKE, JO'i Kearny st.
A — $750: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery 6tore;
b'.g money in eight Call R. G. W^KE.
2U% Kearny st
A— $250; OYSTER and chop house on L&rkln
st; rent $16; good location and good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 2^^ Kearny st.
A— $600; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion: good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. It G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with Iiv-
ing-roon_; rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth st.; good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 % Kearny Et.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A— Old-established good-paying saloon and
l'ldglnc-house of 14 well-turnished rooms;
never empty; good bar trade; good locality.
A — Butcher chop, nicely fitted up, in good
neighborhood; nice, clean; good cash trade.
A — Coffee and lunch parlor in wholesale
district: no nisht or Sunday work; paying
preposition.
A — Nice little well-paying grocery and bar;
good corner oa street car line; living-rooms.
A — Restaurant near Mission and leth Ets. ;
owner has to go East; worth to look at
A — French restaurant near Market st. ;
this is a very good paying place and well
worth investigation; a fine opening.
A— Oyster and chop house in good local-
ity; rent SIS: price S2«X»; a bargain.
JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market Et
$500 — DELICACY and dairy produce ttore; best
location; 6th «. ; clears $KX> per month; liv-
ing rooms in rear; good value; make offer to-
day. P. S. DE LUCA _ CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$650— PARTNER; mfg. bus.; clears $300 mo.
*»3o — Rest.; 25 tables; 100 chairs; worth $700.
S1C00 — Chop house, coffee par.; East St.; brg
$250 — Partner; cashier in rest: $75 month.
$200 — Branch bakery: 2 furnished rooms.
P. S. De Luca. 31S Kearny; phone Red 4840.
A— ?P,00; PARTNER wanted In light business;
$1% to $25 a week, with chance for $35; suit-
ed to plain steady man; work easily learned
25 Geary st.. room 4.
YOUNG man desires partner with small cap-
ital; lady or gentleman; lucrative business-
good returns. BIRO^. 11 Stockton st.
CIGAR etand in large hotel; rent S25- price
$800. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgy st.. r. _
HOME Realty Co., 873 Market (formerly Geo
Newton _ Co.. 753 Market) — Legitimate busl-
r.ess; lodging-houses & restaurants specially.
CHICKEN ranches. FruitvaJe $300. $500- bar-
galns. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St.
LAUNDRY route for sale; new wagon and har-
ness; 200 customers; $400; owner going East
Box 1096. Call.
MODERN coffee roasting machinery, complete
practically new, for sale. Box 1089. Call.
GOVERNMENT land— Persons wishing to
homestead in Oregon consult Geo. B. Whit-
comb, room 83. Winchester House, until
Thursday noon. Location fee reasonable.
$1400— A CHANCE of a lifetime; on account of
family troubles; ealoon and lunch house; rent
only $50; daily receipts $25 to $30: located
between ship, lumber yards and factories.
Apply 3)6 Grant ave.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman partner to take
naif interest in U. S. patent granted of late.
for full term 1< years: patent is of artitstlc
nature: can be seen and investigated at own-
er'e place. Patentee, box 105L Call.
?2 Sh; SALOON: ro< =~«. la~e yard; water front
¦ 0 Jackson st; must sell; bargain; rent $15.
$1000— PARTNER in safe money-making busi-
ness; will net $150 each month; trial before
buying; no experience; steady man- don't
miss it. Business Board of Trad*. 32« Pine st
CS500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
etreet clearing $650 monthly net: whole or
half interert; partner going to Europe: no
agents. Box 275. Call office.
$400— GROCERY and liquor store; Invoice
price; Market ¦*.; rent $11; living room- re-
reipts $12 day. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
FOR SALE— Second-hand book business Oak-
land; good corner: low rent. Apply 1236
Broadway, Oakland, afternoons.
FOR EALE — Grocery, fruit vegetable busi-
nefs; pood location; good trade. Box 42S5
CaJl ofSce. Oakland.
FOR sale — Small grocery and bar on account of
going East. L. SCHAEFER, 1552 FolEom st
cor. Twelfth. *
51500— PARTNER for half interest In city
business: pays over 100 per cent annual profit
A. W. ROBINSON, 36 Geary Et.. room C.
PARTNER wanted with email capital for new
retail coal business by party who can control
large trade. Box 1029. CaJl office.
HAVE you any money? Do you want to double
Jt In 80 days? The opportunity Is yours.
Invecton* I~r. Co. (Inc.), 138 First et
WANTED— Business partner: must be a man
of ability and integrity; splendid opportunity;
ffTtmU investment Call 36 Metropole, 6 Turk.
1800— BJCSTACBANT worth $600; must sell at
*acL Address box 1001. Call office.Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Hoffman & w, Valjo|B M Ernott, N T
D J Quaid, Vallecitos F C Whitmlre, Texas
F Aramenlo & w. Cal M M Blackburn & w
T E de Menthe, Wig Cresco, Iowa
B Bower, Wisconsin . J L Boyw & w. Omaha
F T Block & w. Mo T A Harger, Omaha
Mrs Rubelman & dau, L A Wllcox, Colorado-
St. Louis . . Hattie Harwood, Colo
Mrs "A Lous, St Louis H Smithworth, Kansas
J EXTowell, Pueblo J 8 O'Neill, Cloverdale
A G S Rasmussen.Minn J' June, w & dau, Cal
HOTEI/ ABJBIVAIiS.
WORKMEN WILL
ENJOY AN OUTING
Lodges of Ancient Order.
to Assemble at
Glen wood.
Numerous FriZES Will Be
Distributed to the Ex
cursionists.
ANOTHER MINNEAPOLIS
DETECTIVE IN TROITBLE
He Is Accused of Committing Perjury
at the Trial of A Brother
Officer.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 16.— The
trial of Christopher Ncrbeck of the de
tective force, for bribery, was Interrupted
to-day by a .sensational occurrence;
George E. Harvey, another detective, had
testified with reference to the swindling
of one, Peter Burg, out of a check by
confidence men. Asked if he received any
money from Burg, he said he had not.
The State then put Burg on the stand, and
Burg swore that he had paid Harvey $70
for recovering his check. This testimony
was corroborated by another witness.
Judge Harris immediately ordered Harvey
committed for perjury and recommended
that the bribery affair be investigated by
the Grand Jury.
Six Months for Stealing Prints.
Charles Reynolds was convicted by
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charge of
petty larceny and sentenced to six months
in the County Jail. Saturday afternoon
he stole three bolts of indigo blue print
from the front of D. M. Moran & Co.'s
<5ry goods store. 126 Sixth street, and was
chased and captured by Policeman Fon
tana. " •
The picnic of the local lodges of the
Ancient, Order of United Workmen and
of the Degree of Honor will be held to
day at Glenwooa Park in the Santa C*uz
Mountains. Two hundred and fifty prizes
will be distributed. The following com
mittees will have charge of the affair:
General committee— President, M. J. Bla**
man. P. M. W. Association; first Vice president.
R. H. McPherson, Prosperity No. 309; second
vice president, C. P. Shea, Yerba Butna No.
14; secretary. Frank J. McGuire, Friendship
No. 179; treasurer, E. A. Smith. Harmony No.
9; G.' 3tfo«bacher, R. C. Schacht, E. A. Smith.
H. J. Trowbrtdge, L. B. Douglass, F. E. Far
ley, M.- L. Sterii, Dr. E. E. Baird, C. E.
Shefter, F- T. Kenny, J. Meyer. Ed Baumeis
ter, K. F. Mackenzie. G. O. Jones, John Druse
dom, J. Rose. P. W. P08tel,.R. H. Ohea. G.
M. Lawton, L. C. Cull, Dr. A. S.-Fuson, C.
Fleischer. Em1l Kraut, ¦\Vllllam J. Ryan. E.
E. Anderson, J. J. Wales, C. A. Mitchell, Mrs.
Linda G. Malloy. Edward Lee St., Miss Pearl
Miller and Frank J. McGwire.
Floor^ — Charles P. Shea, manager; R. H.
McPherson, assistant manager; Mrs. Dora H.
"Wllkins Mrs. Charles P. Shea, Gertrude Glos
iser, Mrs. H. Kaiser, J. T. Taylor, . W. P.
Feeriey, A. W. Tuggey. Dr.-F. T. Duncan G.
-W Betchell, H. Kaiser, J. B. McDonald, Wil
liam J. Ryan, H. I. Mulcrevy and George W.
Hannah. > ' •¦¦..,
Reception — Ed Baumeister, chairman; Miss
Annie Lee. Mrs. C. T. spencer, Mrs. G. M.
Lawton Miss Eva Cavanaugh, P.- A. Gillln,
Herman Meyers. W. A. Wilkins. J. F. Wal
thour. H. M. GunSerson, A. D: Hawley, J.
Glassman. L. Johnson. R. Hlrleman, W. H.
Day, R.~W. Warden and Gus Pohlmann.
. Transportation — Edward Lee Sr., Julius
Meyers, L. C. Cull, R. F. Mackenzie and C.
E. Shefter.
Press— Frank E. Farley, Frank J. McGuire,
C. A. Mitchell, R. H. McPherson and G.
Mosbacher.
Promotion and publicity — Charles P.. Shea, Ed
Baumeister and L. B. Douglass.-
Prises — George M. ; Lawton, R. F. Macken
zie and L. C. Cull. • •
: Souvenir programme— George O. Jones, J. J.
Wales and F. T. Kenny. - - -
Music^-WHllam J. Ryan, Richard H. Mc-
Pherson and Edward A. Smith.
Games— Clarence E. Shaffer, J. J. Wales.
Richard H. McPherson, Frank E. Farley and
C. A. .Mitchell.
Official programmer-Frank T. Kenny, Ed
ward E.v Anderson, Edward A. Baumeister. .
Mullen Accused of Forgery.
J. P. Mullen, second assistant engineer
of the steamer Pomona, was arrested yes
terday on complaint of the postoffice offi
cial? and charged with forging a postal
money order. He is accused of having in
tercepted a letter containing a money
order sent by Robert Leadbetter of Eu
reka to John J. Searey, secretary of the
Marine Engineers' Union, the order being
for Leadbetter'a dues to the union, and of
having forged the identification indorse
ment. Mullen denied all knowledge of the
affair and stoutly asserted his innocence.
Leaves Estate to Grandchild.
The will of Maria Pescia, mother of the
late Dr. Joseph Pescia, who died on the
8th in st.. was filed yesterday. She leaves
her estate, which is estimated ;io be worth
$20,000, /to her granddaughter, Amelia
Perasso. The estate, however, with the
exception of the testator's interest in the
estate of her son, will not revert to Mrs.
Perasso until the death of her mother,
Mrs. , Caterina PaladinL •
MONDAY, June IS— 4 p m
Bid. Ask. ( - Bfd.Asfc.
Alpha 02 .03, Justice 07 OS
Alta .:... 05 07|Kentuck ..... 01 ty
Andes ...:... Ofi OS Lady Wash .. 04
Belcher ..:... 12 1-1 Mexican 4.t 45
Best & Belch. 11 12 Occidental ... 10 11
Bullion ...... 02 -.OS Ophir ..1 15 1 20
Caledonia .... 81 83 Overman .... 29 30
Challenge.... 10 12 PotosI yj 10
Chollar ...... OS. OOjSavagre OS 0»
Confidence ... .60 55 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & V.I 30-1 35 Segr Belcher.. 04 05
Con Imperial. — .02 Sierra Nev... 13 • 11
ConNT..... — 02 Silver Hill .. 45'- 4s
Crown Point.. -04 03 St. Louis ..'. . 06
Eureka Con ..' IS,. —Syndicate .... -07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con.... 17 is
Gould & Curr 07 C8 Utah 05 ' 07
Halefe Nor*. . 45 . 45 .Yel Jacket ..." 14. 15
Julia......... — Ml . - — -__
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
700 Andes ' C7 200 Ophlr 1 15
600 Best & Belch. 12 SCO Ophir 1 l~u.
500 Best & Belch. 11 300 Overman so
200 Caledonia .... 82 800 PotosI ... j*
200 Con Cal & V.I 35 SCO Seg Belcher... '05
200 Half! & Nor.. 44 200 Sierra .Nev... ja
5C0 Mexican ..... 43 7C0 Union Con .. 17
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belch. 13 . 300 Mexican . 41
200 Challenge 12 800 Potosl 1!)
20O Chollar 10 500 Potosl IS
SIX) 'Con Cal & V. 1% 400 Savage CS»
oOO Mexican ". .... 4H 700 Union Con. ... 1,h
Morning Session.
"Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday : . .
500 Belcher , . 13 WO Overman 30
100 Caledonia 82 lOO PotosI '. . IS
200 Challenge 10 200 Savage OS
SCO Chollar ...... C8 500 Sierra Nev... la
300 Cbn Cal & V,l 33 100 Utah o«
200 Occidental ... 12 200 Yel Jacket... 15
100 Occidental ;.. 11 • ¦ .¦ v
Afternoon Session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1902.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MO\EY TO LOA.W
HERMAN MURPHY. UJ1-G02 Examiner bldg.
- f4.SU0.OUO at less than hank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages .......
- ....Life interests in estates...........
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
...' Estates in probate — Legacies
j Assignment of rents
". Life insurance policies
-.Financial problems of ali port* and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
— ...... 601-C02 Examiner building
-A— n.. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
Oa first mortgages.
<jn second mortgages.
Or. third mortgp^es.
On undivided '.cterests In real estate
On estates in,rrob*te.
On legacies.
_ NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5S16
P.. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery ' St.. room 3.
AXY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
Kt-cond «nd third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. hUeiest in estates, legacies, undivided
•.merest?, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
__lst_r jor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
KE>TERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
- ,.?, afe D , e P° sit bl dK- 32S Montgomery st..
v\ ill make loans en real estate.
Low rate of interest.-
Long cr short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
Jitvral advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
towrtt rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
M&rket St.; tet. Main 1C44. Branch la Third.
iU-XICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary Et.; phone Red 1003. '
05 real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages *nd on
n rnuure or pianos; no removal; any amount;
j***tntet. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
6 F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
__._ _„ people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
COS furniture, pianos; no removal :money quick;
lovext interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. H7Q Market St.. room CS.
KLFVixg. ciq Examiner bldg; loans on pianos.
T i:miture. etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. . strictly confidential. Tel.Black 5263.
?J0 TO V-aO leaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
__ty&; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LO '-KS on furniture or piano without removal:
•-n-- amount; lowest rate; roods in warehouse;
«*-n*ldem;al. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery et.
l/'WEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room .">. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
SD'OO.OOO ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
-d rates. .und'vd. Interests, estates In probate.
life Ins. poUcfeg. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
PRIVATE party loans *10 up en pianos, turn .
without removal: conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal:
Ftnc-Uy private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister Bt.
V% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1700; room SI. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
W "VV lo *aed salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 41. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
°-e* I -i w -P* r fent on furniture; $5 a month on each
¦.itXAl; any security. ZJ02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH leaned salaried people on note without
lr.dorger. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
LOAN'S money en salary: no Jndorser; Eastern
;]an. \Veytern Loan Co.. SOD Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
2Cla is the best time of the year to have
1 y»iur piano renovated and put in order. AVe
| have the best tuner and repairer In the city,
Jird & finely equipped ehop in which to do
all kinds of repairing an( j \-arnishing; nm-
•-iass work will be done at reasonable prices.
Have the piano fixed while you are away on
your vacation. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 7C3 Market st.
WISSNER.' Baumeister or Stodard pianos are
our most popular instruments. You can buy
en the payment plan if vou wish THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market.
ALb makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
pis no. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $95 to $2S0
Knabe $85 to $110
r Fischer 575 to ?155
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Htlne pianos In S. F. Agentb Tor
intnous eld Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE TIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237
Geary st.- " -
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms w>en rJWKw. pl«*i«e hear -in mind
Urct we can not only duplicate them, but car.
offer exceptionally fine pianoe and largest
Rf=sortirierit of be«t makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers."
cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.. S. F.,' Broad-
way and Thirteenth Bts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
¦within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a . new peerless Knabe at regular
Trice; costs you only £0c a dav to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Steinway — A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from SCO up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
EENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices ?100
upward: values best In city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY, Merket, 14th & Church.
EANDONION fcr Eale; double octave with
music. r.oTA Natoma Bt.
ON sale — A large Steinway upright; good as
f. new; -jnuEt eell. 237 Geary tet.
53 PER month — Best renting pianos in city.
gectt Curtez Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
large ntw 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
51G0 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 18 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B.. ALLEN CO.. 831 Market St.—
Steck. Everett, Ludwlg and ether good pianos.
SNAP— -2 only. new. $450: high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalosue.$250. Bruenn.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
end other jilanos and pipe crgans.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES ASI) STORES TO LET.
BUNNY modern offices, single and en suite. $8
and upward. 410 Kearny Et. SPECK & CO.,
CT7 Market st. ' - -
KINE store and basement; size 2Cxl<>0 feet; 2
fronts: fc37 Mission st. SPECK & CO.. 667
Mission st. •-_ ¦=., <
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 Ft*. ; below Kearny et. 636 Clay et.. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
M M~e7~g7~lTice TE^A^D~reads~Tto"4r~700
PoBt st.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and PostHcl. Black 501.
PERSONALS.
WANTED — A toast. . The Seattle Brewing and
lialting Co.. maiers of Rainier beer, want an
original toest for Ihe back of a Bnappy ad-
vertising folder; murt be short and to the
point. A prize of- $25 will be paid for the
beet one sent in before July 15. '< Contest free
to all. Bend your name and address with
c-v<ery tosst 'to White Adt'ertlsing- Bureau,
Seattle, Wash. -
IF your hair is falling, eend for DR. G. S.
JIIOORCS Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy kno'wn to stop hair from falling and
tause h.iir to trow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation gent to all parts
of the world: call or pend for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 022 OTarrell Bt.. S. F.
IT is not claimed that Viavl can cure the in-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all ncpe of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to health and etrength by
the Viavl ti-eatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The V'lavi Co.. 2304
Van NesB ave.. San Francisco; tel. East 2S2.
AN tlegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15: with these suits we make an extra pair
of p a^t» free of charge; other suit* on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Bt.. between Seventh end Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in eve7y~room~WlncheBt«r
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms,
Kic to f 1 50 per night; fl 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggay e to and from the ferry.
A—WHAT do you think? O. MERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; *1 each;
same as wliitu shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stor.es bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth et.
SVPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter t.U
A — $3 ."VG DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny t-t., near Pine.
FIXE SUITS. $10; drees pants. $2 75~MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 487 Montgomery *t.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yea re' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
ANDERSON, theatrical oostumer; private the-
atrlctLls; masquerades eupplled. 20 O'Farrcll.
ACTINA restores the eyes and cans to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th;
BL'PERFLUOUS hair. mole*., etc.. permanently
r»«atived, -electric needle. Mrs.Cook.ilW butler.
PEKSOXAjLS— Con tinned. _^_^ j
FREE cure for stomach and bowel (trouble; .
more like a miracle than a'iniodicYn'e is what
cured people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET. Sacramento, Cal. '
A FULL lire of switches, wigs and front pieces;
halrdressing. any style, 25c. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st. ' .
DRUXKENNESS, morphine end all drug di»-
¦ eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk st.. S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel Iron bcd3. single. thr«e-quarter -
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 131C-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway, j
EENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys- j
tif ylng. instructive. Two cents for postage se- ,
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S.F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for rummer goods. J J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at" CHARLES LYONS'. London
' tailor. 721 Market et. . -
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, §7 50; dress pants, §2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
Mre. Briggs — Superfluous" hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c. and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee, Wis.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE"S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
PHYSICIANS AXD.St'BGEOXS.
RUPTURE and plies cureQ; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; ali
private diseases treated successfully; .consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld.CTurk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and. residence,
1021 Vi Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073% Market.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALES.
3. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery et..J." L. COOKE
San Francisco '.
...Great Bargains. Oakland and Alameda...
E:eg-ar.t home properties at half price.
All sizes, all . kinds.
Great opportunity. -
Secure a home.
Special Bargains ..Special Bargains
Do net wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the .
Email outlay of money which- will
purchase you a home.
Dcn't fcrget to call on or '
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
NEW cottage residence. 5 6unny rcoms, bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
eunny side of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty .ma-
rine view; stone pavement: street bitumlniz-
ed; a few steps from cable cars; fine loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything rent«.-d as
eocn as built; new houses going up all
around and property changing -hands fast at'
advancing prices; only ?575 down and easy
installments; price ' $3175; will take a lot
as part payment. W. J. GUNN, 530
California Et., Savings .Union building, bet.
Montgomery and Ksarny.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice; corner lot and Improve-
ments'; on 13th St., near Folsom; consisting
of store, flats and two 2-story houses;' size
of lot GOx&O; renting low for $58: can b? In-
croased to ?75. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery Et., room 3.
YOU will • never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
RESIDENCE lot, 100x108. in Alameda. close
to Grand station. FOR SALE AT A GENU-
INE BARGAIN. See J. F. CROSETT. C2S
Sacramento st.
$2000 — STORE and 4 large rooms, pantry, bath
and trays: must be sold. Apply 324 Cort-
land av. ; lot 25x100; M'ssion cars. . :
FOR sale— 1 or 2 lots nouth side of Hayes
j et.. 1 block from park; price on lots.
$1500 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and Ipt; Mall Dock.
Box 4621. Call office. .
J17C0— COTTAGE 5 rooms, barn; marine view.
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
S22C0— TWO flats, near Mall Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde sts. ¦¦¦ * , •
REAL ESTATE COtXTKY — For Sale
OSL? $130 PE.H ACReI — ~~~~~-~— ~~
150 cr 180 acres of the finest land In the State;
all set In alfalfa; fenced In fine fields; abund-
ance of water for Irrigation; all this land is
j richest, 6andy loam, 50 to 100 feet deop, every
j foot of which is prepared for irrigation; in.ad-
j dition to the irrigation ditches a large creek
j flows along the- entire northern boundary, which
is lined with heavy oaks and other shade trees;
this stream i s accessible to all the fields; fur-
nlehlng water and shade for the stock; every
foot of this land will produce in abundance
everything that grows in California; • improve-
ments consist of a modern cheese factory, with
latest appliances, a model feed barn for 100
head of milk cowr and 200 tons of hay; fenced
corrals through which a perpetual stream flows;
a cottage and other buildings; land is now rent-
I ed for $12 per acre caEh, paid in advance; sit-
! uated in Stanislaus County, \' t mile' from steam-
I er landing and 2% miles from Crows Landing
j (a railroad town); only .$130 per acre; pay 9
per cent. For further particulars apply to
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
219 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves. ;
beautiful location: climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable: 40 acres," all of which is in ir-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at ?2000; agricultural implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc.. included.
The residence is one-story, contains -9
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish:
good stable,- tank-house, . tank, etc.; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price $16,000. . -.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO., ¦ '
34 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Email tracts, $W> to $90 per acre, on Kancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
E»n Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California et., for
pamphlets and Information.
ASK for our il*t of suburban and country
properties: "and department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg,.
Ban- Francisco. .:
LAND bargains;, new. catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. «34 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches,, ranges, tim-
ber, jnlnes. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
IlFt of hurraing in fruit and chicken ranchen.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.'
FOR *a!e or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Asm Callente. Sonoma Valley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
I STOP PATING RENT.
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot.
where you please, build according to ! your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and best plan evrr introduced to the public.
Bee our tables and convince yourself; only fs
jxx month pays for your home; no interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place. Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin P. O.. and room 39. Ne-
vada block. San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. -Agents. wanted." i
NEW 6-room cottage; porcelain bath; pantry;
tiled sink ;, electric lights: city water; brick
foundation; high basement; wash trays; pat-
ent closet; large let. all fenced; 2 blocks to
' station; street cais, stores, school •• and
churchos; price $2000; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance ?1H per monlh; cyen Sundays. O A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin. _^ ..
HKRE'S a chance to be your own -landlord: hew
i 8-room 2-story house; neat, complete and up-
' to-dfcte; lot 41'xj.'{.". all fenced; good location:
price' $2200; terms $200 cash, balance $20
monthly, earns as rent. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin; open Sundays. _ . . - ;
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath
¦ etc.: «aty payments. MURDOCK. C14 Pine-.
Jof-ph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.-
~~~~ BERKELEY ROOMS, . .
FURNISHED -or unfurnished' suite housekeep-,
lag rooms; & block from-^J. ,C. 2229. Chapel.
: ' ; BUSiNESS CHANCES. > -
JeBo^SALOON, ' first block , Sixth . et. : -worth
$1000; sells at sacrifice on account of imme-
• diate -departure; genuine bargain.- P. J. DE
LUCCA & CO.. 31S Kearny st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.^of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. ; Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; S40
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. -F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.,-' C30 Market st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage. and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEW^ltlTJERS^ANIVSCPPLIES^
GREATMBARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
Bell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California: telephone Main 26«.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
" Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co. .209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING '& MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewlting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eoeraphln'g. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
' vn •aopathy.- :
DO you suffei-vfrom rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita-
opathy." IVAN MCLAUGHLIN. 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12; tree treatment Wednes.
~~~ .DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cali-
fornia St., cor.- of Webb— For the half year
¦ ending with the 30th of June, 1902. a dlvl-'
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredths :
(3 42-100) per . cent on term ¦ deposits, and
' three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and Htter Tuesday. July
1, 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday : - - - " .
CheBter F. Wright, 39, city; Tahoe T. Wright,
' Joseph Marx, 33, 2672 Union street; : Maud
Williams, -SJ. 703 Powell street. :.
John C. ElliB,, 21, 2819 Folsom street; Anne
Easton 2*1 610 Buchanan street. . •'
! Fernando P. Pedro, % 21. Monterey; Almea
Creed, 21, 261 Minna street. . - . •¦ "
Kelsey M Gilham.- 21, 2400 Fillmore itreet;
Julia A. Skelly, 18, 355 Polk street..
Adolf Hubn««, 24, 1503 Geary street; Katchen
"N^fecf °3 citv ¦ ¦
JamesL Terkelson, 23, 2105% Mason street;
Maria C Lohsen. 21, 1S12 Scott street.
Georga T Forsythe.' 26, city; Florence- A.
Ligoiri. 21, city; -¦-' • , v •• • ¦"¦¦•¦.. '
Alfred W. Stuart, 34. Oakland; Edna E.
Salisbury. 27, Oakland. ...
, Thomas F. Symons, 29; Sonora; -Mary E.
Barry, 23, Sonora. '¦¦'¦'¦'
Joseph Springer, 22. 1702 Post street; Addle
Michaels. 22, 50S Sixth street.
Charles A. Franklin, 2fi, 147 Rusa street;
Josephine Fox, 22. 2009 Fillmore etreet.
Solomon Skootsky; 30, 425 Fulton street;
Hattie Berkman, 25. 1SS Albion avenue.
Charles A Llermann. 25, Angels Camp; May
F. Hussey. 26. Angels Camp. '; '.
John L. Vierla, 30, city; Elizabeth E. Som-
ers, 28, city. • ' '
Percy C. Woodhouse, 27, city; Ethel M. Jack,
23. city. ; ' . -' '¦¦
William J. Carlin. 21, 528C Turk street; Mary
F McDermott, 21 10*4 Filbert strest.
'William H. Hobbs, 3S. 3305 ; Twenty-fourth
street: Lou E. Sullivan, 2S, 17 Polk street.
Arthur R. -Babcock, 21, 1205 Waller street;
Emma F Owens 10. 1200 Masonic avenue.
Peter Arano 38, Watsonville; Laura J. Bride,
25, city. -
Frank- Maurino,. 25. 510 Greenwich street;
Sylvia Demichelli, 22; • 512 Francisco street.
Clarence E. McKenna, 29, city; Lorttta M.
G. Howard. 24. city. ¦ ;
Charles A. Miily, 23, city; Estella M.- Pld-
Beon, 20, city.
•Louis B. Krieger, 30, city; Lily Skipper, 26,
city. ¦ - "¦ ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. * BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, June 9, 1902, to the
wife of Al Anderson (neej- Efford), a daugh-
ter.- ¦ : -¦ -. - •
BELASCO— In this city, June 9, 1902, to the
wife of Henry Belasco, a son.
COHNRIECH — In this city, June 15. 1902, to
the wife of Arthur Cohnriech, a son.
COOPER — In this city, June C,. 1902, to the
Wife of Charles Cooper, a daughter.
GIBBONS— In this city;' June 8. 1902, to the
• Wife of L. A: Gibbons, a daughter. -
HAMER— In' this city, June 11'. 1902, to the
wife of L. S. Hamer, a daughter.
HENRY— In this city, to the wife, of William
P. HeTiry-, -a- daughter. — — - --^ ;--.-—
KIRSCHNER— In this "city, June 13, 1002. to
the i wife of Robert Klrschner. a son.
_ MARRIED.
HELLMANN--PAGK — At La Quinta, Belve?
dere," June 14, 1902, ; by the Rev. E. J. Lion,
Horatio George, »on of the late Richard ana
Mary Melchora, .Hellmann, and Manuela
, Amalla, daughter of the late Dr. Thomas S.
and Ana Maria Page." -¦•- : . • . .
VOGENSEN— ANDRESEN — In this city, June
15, 100", by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans
Peter Vof^nsen and Christine AndreBen.
Beck. Elizabeth Lewis, William
Brady, Annie D. * -Lindwall, Elizabeth
BrockowBky. F. W. Mizll, Jake
'Cohnriech (infanO j.*; Morris, Slgmund
Da Silveira, Maria .Mundwyler, John F.
Dobbel, John C. : O'Brieni James I.
Firebau'gh,. H. C. Peterson, Bertram
' Gaffagan, Thos. E. Rehfuss, Wilhelm J.
Garbarino, ¦ Freddie Remington, Helen M.
Griffin. Robert^ Richardson,' Mary C.
Hancock, Francia O. Rlley, John
Hogan, Eugene . Samuels, Dr. E. H.
" Hopcraft. Sydney Schwein. Jacob
Hough. Mrs. Sarah Sherer. Elizabeth
Hayt, Georgiana M. Simons, Isadore
, Kaeswurm, Karl Taylor, John T.
Kelly, Elizabeth . Thompson, May A.
Leahy, Cornelius J. Wheeler, Bert.M.
BECK— In this city, June 15. 1902, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of J. V. Beck, and mother of
Mrs .T. N. McCufloch, Mrs. Sadie Mallard
- and Lemuel, J. F. and J. V. Beck Jr., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 69 years 8 months
and 11 days, ' ' £?¦'¦
ICyThe funeral services will be. held to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ at the
parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric, -car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
Etreets.
BRADY — In this city, June . 13, 1902, Annie
D Brady widow of the late Owen Brady,
and daughter of Mrs. Annie Plaff. .
' KT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
CrockP.r Old People's Home, corner Pierce
and Pine streets. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. '
BROCKOWSKY— In Astoria,' Or.. June 10,
: l!)02' Frederick' William, son of Frederick
and the late Charlotte Brockowsky, and
brother of Herman, Otto and Ltllie Brock-
owsky and Mrs. Max Gorgoll, a native of
Illinois,: aged 27 years 4 months and 18 days.
COHNRIECHr-In this city. June 15, 1902, In-
fant son of Arthur and Lena Cohnriech. /
DA SILVEIRA— In West Berkeley, June '. 16,
1902, Maria, beloved wife of John Veira' da
Silveira, and mother of > Joseph Veira da
. Silveira, a native of/Azore Islands, Portu-
gal, aged 29 years 0 months and 21 days.
DOBBEL — In Purlssima, San Matea County,
June 35. 1902, John C, beloved son of the
late Henry and Margaret Dobbsl. and
brother of Henry, August A., William F.
and Charles H. Dobbel and Mrs. R. Rohdd
and Mrs. H. Kluver, . a- native of Mount
Eden, Cal., aged 43 years and 17 days.
(ETTrlends-and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral services
Tuesday, at 1:30 o'clock, at the residence of
George Shoults. Interment Purlssima Ceraa-.
tery. ¦ • - :: *
FIREBAUGH— At Palo Alto. Cal., June 15,
1902, H. C. Flrebaugh. a native of Ohio,
- aged OS- years. .;. (Healdsburg papers please
coiiy.->-' ; -.. \ '¦¦:.'-: '•>•¦, .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral -services at
Palo Alto,- June 17. 1902, at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery at 12:45
¦V o'clock. ,
GAFFAGAN— In this city, at" St. Mary's Hos-
pital, June 12, 1902, Thomas E. Gaffagah,
a native -.of New York, aeed 34 years. ¦ .
ETThe funeral took place Monday, Juno
10. 1902, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of "G. Ieccherl, C29 Broadway. Inter-
• v ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HEMRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
, .tEuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.> '
DANIEL f. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦ ¦ 20 Fifth ct., opposite Lincoln School.
¦;. Telephone. South 80. <
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
! ' - KEAREST THE CITT.
Office, 916 Market: Street.
W J . Telephone Bush 867. . v:
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers': Association; M. "J.-
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
: years; P. ;F. Green, late with J.C. O'Con-
nor & . Co.'. ¦ have opened n«w Funeral | Par-
lors - at 1171 < Mission .it., between- Seventh
and Eighth. ¦ .Telephone South 44. ...
I -.;..i JAMBS, McGINN, ; |
. Formerly • with • McGinn Bros., i has opened I
new Funeral Parlora at 214 Eddy St., betJ
Taylor fintt -Joneff.- Telephone South- 6T8;-' I
RJSAL EJSTATE-— CO1JNTRY— For Snl*
jlLAMe^Al)VEItTSSlUH-N^
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE. •
FOR sale, rent or .' exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner Jot; best locality; a great, bargain;
$4000. ¦ . . • . : - <\,
Must be «old; a large 8-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above
this -week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY, 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
/ AIA3IEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one yeari 10-room house; mod-
ern improvements; sunny location; unfur-
nisbed $35. 144S Caroline- St.. Alameda.
. ALAMEDA ROOMS. ,. .
NICE front room to rent to lady. • Address 1010
' Santa Clara ave., Alameda. . . '¦.-. ' ¦ » V •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
- ¦ . .. . ¦ . ¦ • ~
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5750— CASH VALUE $8000.
House of 9 rooms, bath and f::rnace; every-
' thing in the latest and best sanitary condi-
tion; nice. lars« barn; lot 75x125; situated in
Linda Vista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes; owner cannot occupy the prem-
ises and so prefers to sell rather than rent.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4750— COST TO DUPLICATE $5500.
Location, 20th and Webster sts.; new Col-
onial 7-room house; open and nickel plumb-
ing; . everything first-class in finish and' con-
struction; sunny; only 3 minutes' walk to
the business center; seeing is believing: call
early. J. S. Myers, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— CASH VALUE $3500. . ¦ '
House la new, 2 story; 3 rooms downstairs
and 2 rooms upstairs; all modern conveni-
ences; lot (note size) 60x135; . chicken yards
and outhouses: .every thing in first-class or-
der; terms only $600 cash; first come . first
served; must be sold; positively no reserve.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
525C0 CASH;' monthly payments made to suit
buyer; anvthing good -we sell at once; this is.
the best we have .had to sell in a long time;
SY* acres, more or less, of extra choice land;
a pretty good 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
plenty closets; basement; good barn and
stable; stalls for 3 horses and cow> -thicken
houses, broodery, incubator; Al windmill and
large tank; water piped over place; city water
and sewer; the assorted fruit orchard and
choice garden you must, see to appreciate:
' whoever gets this will have the best to be had
on this side of the bay; close to electric cars
and fine, public school: this Is an Ideal prop-
erty, sure: adjoining East Oakland; price in
full $5£50 . Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth st.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. H. 7! jr»Nrrs. Land Owner-
OAKLAND FCUMTtKi; FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant-home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. . St. James. McAllister and La-
guna tts. : .'•¦¦'
BIRCH ave., 615, bet. Laguna and Buchanan —
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms.
ELIZABETH, 2, 'off San Jose ave. — 2 unrurn.
front rooms; light housekpg. ; sunny; Ch*ap.
FILLMORE. 2219. near Clay — 5 'sunny fur-
- nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
FOURTH, 237— Nice furnished rooms. 'with or
without housekeeping; no other roomers. Ap-
ply at fniit store. ¦ , t . ¦ \
FULTON, 671—2 furn. rooms for housekeep-
ing; newly renovated; separate entrance; $10.
MCALLISTER, 835 — 3 nicely furnished rooms
i and 2 partly furnished, $10 and 12.
MISSION, 2503*4— "2 complete housekeeping
• rooms with gas stove ; rent reasonable* .
OCTAVIA, 1303, corner Geary — Large sunny
bay-window front parlor with kitchen; fine
gas stove; $13.
O'FARRELL, S26 — 3 rooms complete' for
housekeeping; all conveniences. '
SEVENTEENTH. 3874 — 3 or 4 sunny furnished
rooms of a cottage; back, and front yard;
,. modern improvements. / ,. ... ;„•,'.,
STEINER, 1433— Two furnished roomt ' for
housekeeping. % ...
TAYLOR, 246, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny connecting
hoosekpg. &-elng!e rms.; phone Howard 1777c
VAN NESS ave.. 4C2 — Entire upper .-flat; 3
rooms; neatly furnished; gas Etove: bath.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Vnfarn.
A^GETGifrr??r??rrr]77rrrr?^
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
Stockton st., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
eunny; 75c day upward; • McAllister cars to
door; handsomest, grill room in California. -
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Room*.
25c to $1 P'.r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all .night.
AT "The Almonte,*' 873 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
A HANDSOMELY furnished suite; central; gas,
electricity, hot water, grand pianoforte; $50.'
Box 1058. Call office.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;, prices reasonable.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny nice furnished front suite;
cheap; other rooms, $0 to $8 month; no trans-.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely fum. roomB, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 60, $6 week; open all night.
FOLSOM, 820, near 4th — $1 per week, furnished
rooms. ¦
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
• $1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HAYES, 829 — Large furnished room for two
gentlemen; breakfast and supper optional.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, T25*,6, bet. 6th and 8th— Large front
bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
OAK 123 — Nicely furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; $7.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL,' 324 — Nicely furnished room suit-
able for two gentlemen or man and wife.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. D49 — Elegant furnished rooms, with
or without board; bath; 10 minutes' walk of
" Kearny *t. . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened Juiy
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
iee«; ¦ electric light and elevator; private
baths: single and' suits; hot and cold
water ; s team heat ; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
• opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. *
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny front suite;.
•. piano; every convenience; references. 316
Eddy at. ¦ ¦ •'¦ '. ". - ¦¦..¦•..¦ .-,
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"'HEATH." 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices.' -
LAMBOURNE. 420 Ed3y— HJgh-dass ho'usc";
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS; : 519 — Handsoma furnished sunny
suites; single rooms •„, first-class table board.
SUMMER RESORTS. .
$800 — Sta. Cruz cottage; 7 rl; nr. beach, depct;
SO ft. HAYES. . cor. Greenwich and 'Hyde.
I. 'SPECIAL NOTICES. . ~~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
. . city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.;
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A~DROP^HEAD SEWING MACHINE. $16 50.
$19.50 buys new : improved drop-head; oak
woodwork;, improved attachments; agency for
all the leading; sewing machines; phone How-
i ard 3264. -.145 Sixth gt. . . .¦¦¦....-
ALL kinds bought.. sold, rented, exchanged; rc-
¦ pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 141. 205 4th.
MIZLL— In this city, June 16, 1902, Jake, be-
loved husband of Fanny Mizll, and father
of Ray, Annie, Rosa, Beckie and Tillie
Mizll, a native of Russia, aged 37 years 9
months and 3 days.
(E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Tuesday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors I
of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street. In-
terment Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
. train from .Third and Townsend streets. £ |
MORRIS— In this city, , June 15. 1902, Sic- !
mund, husband of Sarah Morris, father of
Mrs. Sol Conn, Mrs. D. B. Nathan, Mrs. C.
H. Goldberg, Julius, Lons, Joseph, Bertha i
and Lillian Morris, a native of Prussia, aged
71 years. ¦ ¦ \ . . ' • - ;
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at .-9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. 81B First avenue, near Fulton
street. Interment Salem Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and' Townsend
streets. - -^ . .'. - ¦¦-¦ - - ' " : . .' ¦ ' - -'-'¦
MUNDWYLER — In .Alameda, June 16, 1902,
John F. Mundwyler, son of John J. Mund-
wyler of San Francisco, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31' years i months and 4
days. - •'»¦', .-.'•¦¦ ¦<••• ¦
E3*"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June 18, 1902, at 10 o'clock, from Ma-
sonic Hall. Alameda, under the auspices of
Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F. and A. M.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco, at 2 o'clock. ¦ ¦ :
O'BRIEN— In th!3 city, June 14, 1902, James
I., dearly beloved nusband of Jane O'Brien,
"and father of George R., Jennie E. and
Oracle M. O'Brien, and brother of Mathew
J. O'Brien, Mrs. T. J. Welsh and Mrs. M. J.
' Cottrell (deceased), a native of Albany, New
York, aged 50 years 4 months and 18 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 78'J^i Mission street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cro*» Cemetery.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.— Of-
ficers and members: You are notified to
meet at your hall to attend the funeral of
our late brother, J. I. O'Brien, Tuesday,
JUne 17, at- 9' o'clock..
WILLIAM P. MURPHY, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
PETERSON— In this city, June 16, 1902, Ber-
tram Howard, beloved son of Howard B. and
Alma A. Peterson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 ' month/and 14 days. (Sacra-
mento papers please' copy.) ' '¦ ( ' .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the famr
Hy residence, 136 Fifth avenue. Interment
• Cypress Lawn Cemfetery. '
REHFUSS— In this city, June 15, 1002, Wil-
helm Julius Rehfuss, dearly beloved husband
of . Fredericka, and father of Herman Reh-
fuss, a native of Ach, Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 50 years 2 months and 24 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Suddeutscher Veretn - and Brewery
Workmen's Union are respectfully Invited to
.attend the -funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of' Theodor
D'.erka, undertaker. 057 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, where the services
• will be held under the auspices of Germania
, Ledge No. 1718, K. of H. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. _
REMINGTON— In this city. June 15, 1902,
Helen M. Remington, beloved wife of Fran-
. cis J. Remington, and mother of George J.
and Nelson F.- Remington and Mrs. Belle E.
Baker, and sister of Abble W. Southworth,
a native of Avon . Spring, New York.
' ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-.
tend i funeral services Tuesday, June 17, 1902.
at 1:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 127
..Second avenue. : Interment private. •
RICHARDSON — In this . city, June 16, 1902.
Mary C. Richardson, beloved Grandmother of
Alfred R. and Arthur D. Stevens, a natlvp
of Maine, asred CO years. .
RILEY — in the City ; and County Hospital,
June .10, 1902, ' John Rlley, a native of Ire-
land, asred 58 years. - :
SAMUELS— In Mayneld, CaL.-Jurie 15. 1902,
¦Dr. Edward H. Samuels, a native of New
Zealand, aged ."2 years.
ft? Services will take place at his late resl-
• denee in Mayfieid Wednesday. ; June is, at
10:30 o'clock, thence to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
¦ tnry on noon train.
SCHWEIN — In this city, June 16, 1902, Jacob
Schwein, father of Mrs. E. Montgomery and
Charles R. Schwein, a native of • Bavaria,
.agp<1\86 years and, 6 months.
"'¦¦¦. ET'The , funeral services will be held to-
GARBARINO— In this city, June 15. 1902.
Freddie, dearly beloved son of Angelo and
- • Flora Garbarino, and loving brother of Emil.
Ricco.; Eddie. Eda and Eleanore Garbarino,
a native ; of ¦ San Francisco, aged 2 years 5
¦ months and 10 days." ' - . •
GRIFFIN— In .this city, June 16, 1902, Robert
Griffin,- dearly, beloved stepson - of Mrs.
: B. . McClellan, and loving brother of John
;-i GrifJSn and Mrs. T. P. Owens, a native of
S ! Safi Francisco, aged 3S years.
M^*Remain8 at the parlors of. Valente,
• Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street, between
T^iilon and Green: . , ' ¦ "
HANCOCK— In Fruitvale, June 15. 1902, Fran-
cis Oliver, beloved father of Victor A., Jules
" F. and Frank J. Hancock, and brother of
.Samuel H. Hancock, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged CO years 5 month?- and "23 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Rose s
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
: Fifth. Interment Holy- Cross Cemetery, via
11 :30 . o'clock . train from Third and. Town-
. ; send" streets. ,'-.'• ;¦ '• ' ¦
HOGAN— In this city. -June 14,- 1002. Eugene,
beloved husband of Mary Hogan. and dearly
i beloved father of Mrs. vTilliarii Wilson. Mrs. j
David Carroll and Mrs. J. Hennessey, and
"beloved brother of Mrs. V Ellen Duffan, Mrs.
Fannie Shobrldge and Patrick Hogan. a na- j
tive of Fennaiigh, County Cork, Ireland.
• ased 69 years. . • • !
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ¦ attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday>, June 17, at It) o'clock, from the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. David Car-
roll, 28 Bluxotne street, between Fourth and :
Fifth, thence to St. Rose's Chwrch for serv- ;
Ices at 10:30 o'clock. ; Interment Holy Cro«s
Cemetery. . '...•"'.•
HOPCRAFT— In this- city, June 14. 1902.
Sydney HODcfaft, dearly beloved brother of
Mrs.. E. A. "Beattie, a native 61 England,
ared 31 years. • ¦. - ,
'. JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-day
.' (Tuesday), 'at 8:30 o'clock, from- his lat's
3 residence, 116 Page street, thence to St.
5 Ignatius Church, \(here a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
i mencing at 0 o'clock. /Interment H*ly Cross
• Cemetery by 10:40 train from Twenty-flfth
and Valencia streets.
"HOUGH— In Reno, Nev., June 11. 1902, at the
Wcntworth Sanitarium,- Mrs. Sarah A.
Hough, mother of Mrs. Nellie C. Waleh,
aged 01 years. ¦ , •¦
HOYT— On Monday. June 16, 1902, Georgiana
M. Hoyt, mother of May Underhlll Hoyt,
and daughter of John T. and Jane Carter,
a native of New York. . .
ETTuneral from her late residence, 1915
Sacramento street, Wednesday, June 18, at
9:30 o'clock. . ...
KAESWURM — In the City and County Hospi-
tal, June 16. 1902, Karl Kaeswurm, a na-
" tive Of Germany, aged SO years.
KELLY— In' this city, , June 15, 1902. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Patrick H. Kelly, and
mother of Mary, -Lizzie, Harry and the late
William Kelly, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 55 yeara. ;
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
t lors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem maes will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEAHY— In the Philippine Islands. Cornelius
• J. Leahy, late of Company A, Thirty-sixth
Infantry, U. S. Volunteers, beloved son of
Mary and the late Patrick D. Leahy, and
brother of Daniel F. and Maurice A. Leahy,
Sister M. Reginald and Kathleen C Leahy,
¦ a native of County Limerick, . Ireland, aged
25 years. - . - ¦
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend 'the funeral Tuesday, June 17, 1902, -at
'8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of' J. v-
O'Connor & Co., ; 7G7 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's .Churoh, where a. solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock.
• Interment National Cemetery. Presidio. . \
LEWIS — in the City and County Hospital.
June 16. 1902, William Lewis, a native of
' England, aged 29 years.
LINDWALL — In this city, June 16, 1902.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Charles
Lindwall. and mother of William G. Lind-
wall, a native of Germany, aged t>5 years
10 months and 22 days. • • . . — '-
J||gbA!\i ErW
jyiY^rTTr I ftJEBtl « " "*" **" ""^
Positively enred by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress fron Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose. .
Small Prfc*v
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I L Steamers Ieav« San Frai-
ES&s- clsco as follows:
KSSfiSsL; For Ketchikan. Juneau,
SS^^^it Skagwav. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
IfWfflk m ! June 15. 20. 25. 30. July
ffiS^.'ija^Ml 6. !<>• I 3 - Change to com-
I^^?^V?§i5 pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. .
' > Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom—
II a.
mmmm
only). _ ,_
Corona. June 10, 27. MyS.^ - . j 0
Coos Cay, » a. m.. June 15, 2-, July I, *
further information obtain folder.
R?ght is reserved to chanse steamers or sall-
OTTPTCE-^" New Montgomery
Passenger Aicent.
O.I?. & /V. CO/
ONLY STEAMSHIP. LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or..
And Short ftall Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Folnts ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, as
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22._ July 2 13
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 1.. 27. j July .
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a.m.
D \V HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong y, 3.F.
TOYO K1SEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS -WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- '
net First and Brahnan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
shfak ssffSMffwa j?&
ik'liSoKOKaM.BU..^..^...^.^
BS NIPPON MARXJ. ... Thursday. July 24. 1303
6S : AMERICA MARU..^...^.^...^..^
Bound- trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company s office.
421 Market 'tg^VERY? General Agent..
Jiamburg-Jtmericcm.
TWIN-SCREW JSXPH.ESS SERVICES.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
F Bismarck... .June 26 IF. Bismarck — July 24
Columbia . / July 3 J Columbia July 31
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SBRVICU
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. '
Bluecher .. June 24 (Pennsylvania ..July 8'
Waldersee July l|Moltke ...... v July 13
Hamburft-American Line. 37 BNiray. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast. -401 California 3t.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Val&aralso. stoDDine at Mexican, Central
and South American porta. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12. m.
AREQUIPA June 30[GUATEMALA..Au». 11
TUCAPEL. ....July ISiPALENA .Augr. SO
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and 'passenger ofttee, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE. & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
SS. AWMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, June 21, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, July 3", 10 a.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, July 13, 10 a. m.
}. P. EPEICKILS i BROS.C0., GSBial itSi, 329M3Ii)i
eea'irass. cats." 643 Mm St., Pfei u 7. Pacite n
AMEKICAS I.1XK.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. .June 23, 10am|Phila ....July ». 10am
St. Louis. July 2. lOam.'St. Paul. .July 10, 10aa
KEl- STAIt UNK. '
NEW Y0RK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Krconlnd.June 2S.noonJFriesl.ind.July 11', noo*
Zeelar.d.-Juiy 5. noontVaderlnd.July . 13. nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. .
3HAS. D. TAYLOR. O.A.P.C.. 30 Montgomy at.
C0KF16NIS GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTI3U3.
¦klittCT LINK TO WA^RE-fARIS. jt**^
tailing every Thursday. Instead ol ifj^ijCfo
Saturday, at 10 a. in., irom PUr 42. umwm*
North River, foot of Morton itreet.
First clasa to Havre. »70 and upward, second
class to Havre. tiS and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway «Hudson bulldlntn Naw
YctIc. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait
Agents ti Montsom«ry av<oue. San Francisco.
Tickets anM.by all Rafloart Tlcic.t A*«nt».
m^m ..^ »|_-^»— »— — i — — .^— — trnmrnm — — ,
EAY AND BIVEB STE/JSIEBS.
Steamerj GEN. FRISBIK or MOHTICELLd
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:SO p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. .Leaves
Vallelo 1 a. m.. 12:-0 coon. 6 n, **- escapt
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. nr.. ¦»:» P- m. Far» iJ
cents. Telephone Main IMS. Landing an.l
office, pier 2, Mlsstoxf-strcet doci. HATCH
8B08. - ——
morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at 834
O'Farre.11 street. Interment private at Moun-
tain View Cemetery, TOakland.' Cal. ." *v :
SHERER — In this city, June 15, 1902, at her
residence, 628 Polk etreet, Elizabeth Sherer,
beloved mother of Joeeah F. Sherer, Mrs.
H. J. Donl«ion and Mrs. C McColgan, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md., aged tiO yeara and 5
¦ ¦ months.
cyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at' 9 o'clock, from St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
. and Leavenworth streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Holy - Crors
Cemetery, by carriage. Please omit flower?.
SIMONS — In this city, June 15, 1902, Isadore
• Simons, dearly : beloved father of Ad. Fred
• and Will Simons, Mrs. D. Hagerty, Mm.
William Bemiss- and Mrs. Orosco, a native
of Mainz, Germany, azed 01 years and 5
¦months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrbw
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1805 Fillmore street. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city, June 16, 1902/ John
T. Taylor, father ot Charles H. and Robert
S. Taylor and Mrs. Louise Harland of Chi-
, cago, and brother of Robert L. Taylor, a
. native of Pennsylvania, aged 70 years and.
7 months.
lET Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first, until
¦ Tuesday, at 7 o'clock, when the remains will
be shipped to Santa Cru*. Cal., on the 8:15
o'clock a. m. narrow-gauge boat for burial.
THOMPSON— In this city, June 15, 1902, May
A., beloved daughter* of John and Kate
Thompson, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 months and 11 days. - ¦ •
IE?" The ¦ funeral will takfc place to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 . o'clock, from the parents*
' residence, 252^ Tehama street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ':
WHEELER— In this city, June 16, 1902. Bert
Marshall Wheeler, beloved' son of Richard
- and the late Mary Ei 'Wheeler, a native of
Pocatello. Idaho, aged- 12 years 3 months.
and 23 days.
CARD- OF- THANKS.
' To the officers and members of Pacific
Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W., and the frlenda
and acquaintances of the late Paul Schoen-
wald, Mrs. L. Schoenwald desires to ex-
press her gratitude for the universal sym-
pathy of all those who knew her son In life
and for the many kindnesses extended to her
In her bereavement. \ . . ,
FUNERAL REFORM BOYCOTT. ~
The undertakers of San Francisco are un-
friendly to cremation because the expense Is
very much less than that, of -Interment. They
know that if cremation sets the pace in fu-
neral ' reform reduced prices must • be met, or
graveyards closed. They control .¦ over . five
hundred hacks, the drivers of, which belong
to the Hackmen's Union, Local No. 224. That
union, (through i misrepresentation made to
them) has resolved not to drive for us at our
funerals or rent hacks. to attend them. v '
We think the friends of cremation will, if
necessary, dispense with a string of hack*
and the services of the united Undertakers
rather than see incineration obstructed by a
causeless, heartless boycott of the dead.'
: . We own two- flrst-class> carriages /and at-
tractive hearses and horses, whlph- we will
furnish upon •application. • : For ' further* ' in-
formation, cail at No. 42» Golden Gate ave.
THE ODD FELXOWS' I CEMETERY ASSO-
CIATION. .. 9 E0 -- T.-BpHEX, Pres.,
GEO. 'PJENLINGTON, .Se'cretary.
the Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery AssQciationi
Funeral' Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
Funeral- rooms-— 420 Golden Gate ave. ;. tele-
phone South 0.14. .
Oakland office — 1001 Broadway; ' telephone
Clay 701. . . -:
Main office at cemetery. Point Lobos ave.,
San. Francisco; telephone West 89<5. - . •: .
Prices of cremation — Adults over 13 years
of age. $25; children under 15 years of age,
$1B. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec. -A list of the newest books will be mailed
by Cooper & Co., 746 Market street. •
Claims Agent Gates and his • assistant,
Joseph "Watts, representing : the railroad
company, were soon on the scene and dis
patched Boucher in a. hack to the Rail
road Hospital.
The accident attracted. a large crowd,
and for a while reports -were circulated
that many people .had been injured.
At tho time of the accident one Sutter
street car was going: east and another
west at Kearny. Motorman Webb on the
Kearny street car allowed the car on the
other road to -make the crossing going
east and then turned to the lever, not
seeing the other Sutter street car coming
The Kearny street car dashed into the
dummy of that of the Sutter street line,
breaking the dashboard and throwing the
car off the track. Boucher" and Roberts
were thrown to the ground and several of
the passengers on both cars were shaken
up The front -windows of the Kearny
street car were broken. It was fully a
half-hour before trafflc was resumed.
A collision occurred yesterday shortly
after the noon hour between ! Kearny
street car No. 1111 and a Sutter street car
at Sutter and Kearny streets. Roland A.
Boucher, an employe of the Vienna Mar
ble Company, who was sitting on the
dummy of the~Sutter street car, received
slight bruises about the head, and a. boy,
Alfred Roberts, residing at 145 Borland
street, received a contusion of the head.
Boucher was removed to the Railroad
Hospital In a hack, but his Injuries are
not severe. .
Vehicles Crash Together
at Kearny and Sut
ter Streets.
SHOPPERS VIEW
CAR COLLISION
WHETHER Mr, Morgan's Ro
meo* is the result of a deep
dlstaste_for the role, or of a
new system'. in the dramatic
gamble, it is r equally, • wholly
and unquestionably most thlngrs that'4t
ought not to be, A very large and friend
ly house greeted this favorite actor -last
• ¦ •-';¦• I ¦ m « ¦
, . Bekins ; Van and : , Storage Co.' a business t»
packing, ; moving, storing goods. 630 Market. •
"Captain Swift," presented by the Nelll
company, entertained I ¦ an . appreciative
audience at the California last night.
Outside of a few trifling .discords in the
California.
' This week's programme at the Chutes
Is the best presented at. tha.t vpopular
resort since the opening, and large au
diences , enjoyed both performances yes
terday. James P. vKelly and Dorothy
Kent made a hit in their whirlwind
farce.: "Ginger" Snaps." Murphy and
Slater .are . amusing , colored singers and
dancers, and Edythe Tilden, a New.York
soprano, displays - a pleasing voice to
eood- advantage. Nellie Montgomery and
her; illustrated- songs were warmly ap
plauded. Sid Baxter did some
comedy juggling orf the slack wire, . and
the animatoscope displayed a complete
change of moving pictures.: The Romany
Trio appeared to even : better advantage
than last week. They are local musicians
who have been masquerading, under stage
names, but'now that their, success '.Is as
sured they acknowledge themselves to be
Eva Tenney, formerly soprano of Trinity
Church ; Elsie Tooker, the ". well-known
guitarist of San Jose; and Frank Howard,
the favorite 'cellist. Hardy. Downing's
exhibition, of looping the loop on a bi
cycle is presented every afternoon " and
evening.. The living pictures by amateurs,
which proved so unique last .week, will be
Tepeated Thursday night.
Chutes.
, It was the same old story at Fischer's
last night. The house was packed, though
this is the eleventh week of "Fiddle Dee
Dee." So great i3 the rush that Propri
etor Fischer has had to get Inside to help
Manager Friedlander out with the glad
hand, while Sam Aaron, the popular treas
urer, has to use all the swiftness for
which he is noted to pass out tickets, and
the handsome special is compelled to
hypnotize the ladies with his smile to
keep them from breaking in at the front
of the box office line. Though there seems
to be no lessening of the demand for seats
for "Fiddle Dee Dee" it is the intention
of the management to soon take this bur
lesque off and put on the second of the
Beries of the Weber & Field bills, three
productions in one night,'. "Pousse Cafe,"
"A ' Royal Family" and "Antony and
Cleopatra.". .
Fischer's.
;. , Central.
Farce-comedy and ' clever specialties
made an immensely popular bill at the
Central -Theater last night, and drew a
large house. . "My Aunt Bridget" was
the bill.*, James Corrigan, as the Aunt
from Ireland, made a decided hit. Earle
Brown, „ in. the role of the New York
nephew, gave an excellent impersonation,
and Fanny McTntyre, as Dora Blazor, the
Jealous young wife, created no end of
merriment.. The cast was good^, and the
specialties were: numerous and above the
usual order of merit. *•
Alcazar.
• Some months ago in an Interview Flor
.ence Roberts . prophesied that "Zaza"
would i prove', her greatest success, and
events have "shown that she did not err.
The settings are of the handsomest ever
seen In the city, and great credit is due
thereupon. to the management. The first
street scene reminds one of the Grau,pro
ductions at their best, and other fine pic
tures are the garden and ballroom scenes.
The play is given with the various pro
logues and with other usually omitted
features.
night at the Grand Opera-house, but only
a fitful 'gleam, now and again, evidenced
his Identity with the fine craftsman with
whom the local playgoer is so gratefully
familiar. You can lead a Horse to the
water but 'you can't make him drink.
Something: or some one haa coaxed Ed
ward Morgan to the classic drama's brink,
"but has left him unpersuaded of' its at
tractions. But for the aforesaid momen
tary flashes there is not an ounceof con
viction in the whole conception.
. A worse actor would easily have made a
better Romeo, with all . the' bend and
weight of Morgan's personality and tem
perament pulling in the opposite direc
tion. Anything more curiously out of kfey
would be . difficult to Imagine, anything
more perfunctory, impossible. Sparka
flew for a moment during the killing- of
Tybalt, but before , that, at Mercutlo's
taklng-off, the Romeo restraint reached an
Indifference, that - was truly wonder
ful. Once, in the. ballroom scene also,
Mr. Morgan appeared to rouse to a sense
.of - .the. • romance -.of the situation,
and one. rose to the bait, only to drop
into disappointment afterward.
Froni the unwillingness of, the actor's
elegant leanness to «flt itself into cloak
and tjghts, to the refusal of his tense,
taciturn modernity to lend itself to the
leisurely and graceful extravagance of
the part, Mr. Morgan's Romeo may be
said to be almost a pattern misfit. -His
diction is as distinctly unclassic as his
voice is beautiful — and that is saying not
little— and. altogether, it is up to the actor
to answer the famous query (slightly
edited): "Morgan, wherefore art thou
Romeo?"
Miss Fealy's Juliet was perhaps a con
siderable excuse for the Morgan Romeo.
By no stretch of Imagination was it pos
sible to conceive of last night's Juliet be
ing even in stage lo<*e with the unlucky
Montagu. The conception lacked from
every side, in sympathy, In spontaneity,
in i truthfulness. It was unillumined by
even a glimpse of the Juliet spirit and
technically stagy and insincere. .
The best work of the evening was done
by Herschel Mayall as Mercutio, and Gil
bert Gardner, who gave a thoroughly
happy sketch of Peter. Margaret Terry
undertook with fair success the nurse's
role, and the rest of the cast filled in
without distinction.
Many lasting friendships are* due to the
distance of friends.
The Orpheum patrons are being treated
this week to a number of good things in
vaudeville and large and well pleased au
diences are the result. . Cushman, Hol
comb and Curtis duplicate their success
of ¦ last season in "Th© New Teacher,"
and their vocal numbers are well ren
dered. Curtis is possessed of a fine tenor
voice and uses It to advantage in one or
two ballads. Loris and Altlna give a won
derful example of skill. with the rifle and.
pick off glass balls located in close.prox
imity to each others' heads with marvel
ous precision. The twin sisters Meredith
do a pleasing song and dance turn and
Eleanor Falk and ten assistants create
something of a sensation when they ap
pear attired in pajamas. The rest of the
programme is well worth seeing. ¦
Orpheum.
. Round trip transfer tickets now on sals
at any of our offices. On« trunk (round
trip) 50 cents." Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. . •
Notice to Passengers.
Popular Interest is not waning ini "Tre
lawny of the Wells," and the quaintly told
story of tho quaint men and women folk
of the stage in the. early sixties not far
from "Dear Old Lunnun" has taken a
fresh hold on popular favor in the second
week 6r its presentation by the clever
Henry Miller company. It is a play with
out a star, Mr. Miller taking the walking
gentleman's part, the interest centering:
on the dim love story of Miss Trelawny
as portrayed by the incomparable Mar
garet Anglin. Each character in the play
has individuality, and that fact is the
cause o£ its success in spite of technical
faults. . . ,
Columbia.
• Laughter and applause paid constant
tribute to the skill and musical ability of
the Tivoli Company last evening at the
opening of another week of "The Toy
Maker." Hartman was in good form and
at Ills funniest. Frances Graham sang
her solos in excellent voice and with
finish. Annie Myers did cleverly with the
part of Elsa, Edward Webb filled the
part of Frederick with entire acceptance.
Joseph Fogarty made a very good Count
Ballenburg\ and Cashman -.did all right
with Schwartzenbach. The choruses went
off SDiritedly and the orchestra was in
fine shape.
Tivoli.
Last night the Alcazar was packed to
overflowing and the applause was spon
taneous and liberal. This clever and
popular star gives a. phenomenally strong
and artistic portrayal of the woman of
the half-world with a big heart, who is
finally purified by her love for a man who
could not make her. his wife. White
Whlttlesey, George Osbourne, Charles
Wyngate, Georgle Woodthorpe and the
other members of the company give her
admirable support. A word of special
praise is due little Ollie Cooper for her
clever piece of acting. The play will have
a long. run.
The officers will be: Presiding judge,
E. C. Hooper; assistant judge, C. T. Pet
tingill: starters, Dwyer ¦ and Holtman;
secretary P. W. Treat. Charles F. Price,
Joseph Murphy and J. W. Brooks will be
absent from the judges' stand.
-The racing season on this coast • 'will
open on November 15. Tanfqran and Oak
land tracks will be used alternately. The
stakes have been prepared and will be
made public shortly. . They will be the
same as formerly and are all for added
money, with the exception of the Burns
handicap, which will be as usual. $10,000.
There will be no purse less than 5400.
Events Will Be Run at Tanf oran and
Oakland; — Changes in
¦;; ¦¦;-;¦¦¦ Officials.
Detectives McMahon and WMtaker last
evening; arrested & handsomely dressed
young man on Market street and took
him to the City Prison, where bis name
was placed on the detinue book and he
was locked up In the tanks and kept ab- '
solutely incommunicado.
In the City Prison he gave tha name of
J. Black and his resldenca aa Chicago.
When searched over $1700 in currency was
found on his person. In addition ho had
several valuable diamond ornaments and
other Jewelry.
The- most absolute- secrecy was observed
by the police regarding the- Identity of
the prisoner and the reason for his deten
tion. From the care with 'which ail in
formation regarding him was suppressed
it Is thought that the prisoner Is suspect
ed of a crime involving a large amount
of money.
It was learned that the arrest was mads
at the request of the officials of the West-
era National Bank, 805 Market street, and
the cause of the trouble) was a draft on
an Eastern bank deposited by Black
which was Irregular in some .way.
Black is said to be a stranger In th*
city, having come here from tha East
only two or three week3 ago.
"RACING SEASON OPENS
' LATE IN NOVEMBER NEXT
rendering of certain of the parts, the play
goes forward with a vim which absorbs
the interest ofjhe spectator. The plot is
clear cut and works out logically. Neill
as Captain Swift, a supposed Australian
highwayman who is In reality quite an
estimable youns man, is very cood.
Edythe Chapman In the strongly emOtlon
al role of the former bandit's unfortunate
mother is, however, the leading light In
"Captain Swift." The others of the cast
are all excellent and their work last night
was heartily indorsed in the way of ap
plause. Next week, which is to be the
last of the Nelll season, willbe Riven the
sparkling comedy, "Niobe," - instead of
/•Wheels Within Wheels," as previously
announced.
Police Believed to Have
Made Important
Capture.
TWO PROFESSIONALS NOW AP
PEARING HERE AND AN ASPI
RANT FOR HISTRIONIC FAME.
MUCH SECRECY
ABOUT ARREST
QUESTION OF VERACITY.
Dr. Frank E. Platt, former lecturer at
the college In question, testified that he
lectured there for one year, and that at
the end of the year students who had
never attended his lectures came up for
examination. When he spoke to Dr. Al
fred Blake, the dean, Blake said that it
was all right, he was out for the stuff.
Blake, however, emphatically ¦ denies this
and E*ys that Platt lies.
The members of the faculty of the San
Francisco Dental College contend that the
State • board, nearly all the me/nbers of
which are graduates of the University of
California, is acting with prejudice; that
their college 'wa3 recommended to the
national association by last year's board,
but owing to the. refusal of the deans of
the other dental colleges to report upon
the college to the association the indorse-,
ment by the national association was de
layed. "'" : ' * •
The members of the faculty of the San
Francisco College were subpenaed to ap
pear before the board yesterday and show
why their graduates should be allowed. to
take the examination. The board gave its
reason for holding the investigation that
it was not satisfied with the college
books showing the records of attendance
and standing. In behalf of the college
Drs. A. E. Blake, A. E. Sykes, H. A.
Tennyson and_C. Deichmiller and H. M.
Owens, professor of jurisprudence and at
torney for the. college, testified that the
college was run in a reputable manner. It
was found that out of the forty-six grad
uates only ten had a record of 80 per cent
and fifteen a record of 75 per cent attend
ance, when every graduate should- have
attained 75 per cent. H. M. Owens ad
mitted that the books and records were
not kept as they should be, but said that
was the way with all new colleges.
The board adopted a resolution ex
punging from the minutes the resolution
of the former State Board indorsing the
San Francisco Dental College. \
As this will be the first case to come
to court under the new law, which went
into effect September 1, 1901, it will be
watched; with keen interest by all the
dentists of the State. :
FACULTY IS SUBPENAED.
H. M. Owens, attorney for the college,
stated that the action of the board would
be reviewed and that one of the graduates
would immediately bring suit to test the
law's constitutionality. :
No person shall be eligible for examination
by the' State Board of Dental Examiners who
shall not furnish satisfactory evidence of hav
ing graduated from a reputable dental college
of the United .States of America, which must
have been indorsed by the Board of Dental Ex
aminers of California, and be a member of the
National Association of Dental College Facul
ties, y.
1 The > board will refuse to examine , the
applicants of this college this morning on
the ground that they do not come under
the provisions of the first class of section
12 o£ the State law which reads:
Resolved.- That we do not Indorse the same.
Whereas, After a thoroueh investigation by
a majority, of the members of this board, It
has been found that the San Francisco Dental
College is not conducted in the -manner that a
reputable dental college should be.
At a : meeting, of . the California State
Board of Dental Examiners at the ;, Col
lege of Physfclans and Surgeons yester
day, the; following, resolution regarding
the Dental Department of the San Fran
cisco College was adopted: ' , • • :
San Francisco College Is
Repudiated by State
Dental Board. "
Its Faculty Will Test the Law
Under Which the Action
Is Taken.
IS DISFAVORED
BY EXAMINERS
GRAND OFERA HOUSE STARS
ECLIPSED BY LESSER LIGHTS
TWO BATTERIES
HUNT TWO MEN
Edward Horgan and Flaud Feaiy \ Appear to Disad%
vantage in "Romeo and Juliet "
Escaping Soldiers From
Fort Baker Evade
Capture.
Steal Gun Prom Guard and
Disappear Among Sau
salito Hills.
For a time yesterday afternoon and last
night Sausalito experienced all the excite
ment of being placed under martial law.
Soldiers of the United States army sta
tioned at Fort Baker paraded through
the little town with loaded guns and belts
ladened with ammunition, presenting -a
very belligerent appearance. A •- guard
was stationed at the entrance to the ferry
clip and every man who boarded the boat
was closely scrutinized. The cause of all
These warlike arrangements was the es
cape' of two prisoners from the Fort Ba
ker reservation, where they had been
serif under a guard to work on the road.
In effecting their escape the two prison
ers, whose* names are Edward Cault and
John E. Clauch, overpowered the sentry
¦who was detailed to guard them. With
twenty-two other prisoners from Alcatraz,
>Jault and Clauch were. at work grading
the road between the reservation and Sau
talito. They were being guarded by a
Equad of men under Lieutenant Bern
liard of the Coast Artillery. Shortly after
1 o'clock, Clauch and Cault were taken by
Sentry S. A: A\etherly down to a spring
near the boundary of the reservation : to
obtain some water. When the two-pris
oners got out of sight of Lieutenant Bern
hard and his squad, they turned on Weth
crly, overpowered him, took his gun and
Jive cartridges and started on a run
toward Sausalito. .
Wetherly said that when the prisoners
got out of the guards' sight one of them
remarked that "now is a good time to
make a run," whereupon both turned and
made as if to attack him. He claims that
he leveled his gun at one of the men- and
pulled the trigger, but that the rifle
missed fire. In the struggle that the two
prisoners had with the sentry to obtain
possession of the gun one of them kicked
iim on the knee, badly laming him.
Wetherly limped back to the fort and
cave the alarm. In an instant all was
excitement. Captain Ludlow, who is in
command, ordered put both • the Sixty
lirst and the Sixthy-eighth United States
Artillery. He took command of the Sixty
eighth in person. While Lieutenant How
ard had charge of the Sixty-first. The
men were not kept in line, but were in
structed to scatter out over the country
in small squads. For several hours. until
e:mdown the hills about Sausalito
i:\varmed with soldiers, but never a sight
¦was caught of the two escaped prisoners,
and the searching soldiers were or
crred in.
Lieutenant J. A. Thomas found the gun
xvhich had been taken from Wetherly.
The fugitives had thrown it away in a
clump of trees.
Late in the afternoon a farmer saw the
two fugitives heading toward San Rafael.
intend bringing oft
FIGHT WITHOUT PERMIT
Ifational Club Matches Tieill and
Gibfcs for the Evening of
June 25.
£ The National Athletic Club will brave
the wrath of the Supervisors by bringing
off a boxing contest without an official
permit. Manager Jim Neil has been ad
vised by his attorney that the club has
the power to go ahead without being in
terfered with and Neil has matched Al
Xeill to box "Young" Glbbe, and his own
Fon, Frankie Nell, to fight "Spider"
"Welch. He has also ordered the neces
sary printing and engaged Mechanics'
Pavilion for the evening of the £5th.
So certain is the National Club that it
can hold the match that it has posted
forfeits which will go to the boxers if
they fall to carry out their part of the
agreement. It is the plan of the pro
moters to have an injunction issued with
in a few days against the Chief of Police
to prevent him from stopping the contest.
Manager Neil also intends to match the
winner of the Murphy-Donovan fifteen
round contest, which takes place at Oak
land next Friday night, against Dave
Barry, the pride of Sixth street.
Billy Lavigne notified friends in this
city yesterday that his brothor was re
covering from his attack of dementia and
•would soon be on his feet again. He says
the "Kid" has been suffering from melan
cholia because of the injury to his arm
and bis defeat at the hands of Jimmy
Britt.
Two Sudden Deaths.
Patrick Martin, a marine painter and
ex-soldier, died suddenly at 8 o'clock yes
terday morning while sitting In a chair in
his room at 62 Bryant street. He was a
native of New York, 63 years of age. He
had been complaining for some time of
pains in his heart.
Christ Jensen, a cook, died suddenly
yesterday morning at his residence, 126
Golden Gate avenue, of natural causes.
He was S3 years of age and was born In
Denmark.
•^Both cases were reported to the Coro
ner. . ¦ - .;.-.
Business Is orteri transacted by busi
ness men at lunch. Cafe Zlnkand. •
Check Said to Be Worthless.
John Crockard, a shipwright, was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Cody and
UcMabon on a charge of obtaining: money
by false pretenses. The complaining wit
ness is Thomas Murphy, saloon-keeper.
Eleventh and Market streets, who alleges
that last Friday Crockard, who was ow
ing: him. $23, gave him a check for $50 on
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank, receiving
JLO change, the balance to be paid later.
On presenting the check at the bank Mur
phy said he found that Crockard did not
cave any money on deposit there.
12
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALE, TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1902.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sold alt over the wot Id.
Is there any soap but
Pears' whicli has been sold
in two centuries and . is
selling in the third ?
.- Weak Eye» Strengthened.
J£*L&&3k Painful or Inflamed eye* in-
5$£B?a£?iiF ttantly relieved wlthGKORUfi
%«5g£9^> MAYERLE'S German Ey«
'-OTW^ Water, 60c. at 1071 Market
¦V//IIVf!**- • ti. Tel. South 672. Non« »en-
: '. ulne without this trademark.
This signature is on erery box ot the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*/
tbr; remedy that cores a ookt In one day.
G&AZLnrti
Miss Bess F. Healy, 521 Wabash street.
St. Paul, Minn., a promlnent,society girl,
writes: .
"I took Peruna fast summer, when
I was all run down, and had a head-
ache and backache and no ambition
tor anything. I now feel as well as
I ever did in all my life, and all
thanks is due to your excellent Pe-
runa."
The symptoms of summer catarrh ar»
quite unJifce. In different cases, but the
mest common ones are general lassitude,
played-out, tired-out, used-up, run-down
feelings, combined with more or less
heavy, stupid, listless, mental condition. -
Relisb # for food and the ability to digest
food seenis to be lost.
Skin eruptions, sallow complexion, bil-
iousness, coated tongue, fitful, irregular
pieep, help to complete the picture which
is so common at this season. "*^~-
Life is a burden, business a dread,'
pleasure a mockery, friends a bore and
social privileges a tedious round of disa-
greeable tasks.
Peruna so exactly meets all these condi-
tions that the demand is so great for this
remedy at this season of the year that it
is nearly impossible to supply it.
It never fails to bring an immediate re-
lief, and a thorough course of it leads
with certainty to a permanent cure.
Miss Anna Johnson. 60 Clergy street,
Kingston, Ont., writes:
"I have suffered for several years with
scrofulous blood, and it would many times \
break out in unsightly pimples on my '
face. I also had severe Indigestion. I took
Peruna and soon found that it cured tha
indigestion and gave me a fine appetite.
I was also pleased that it drove the humor
out of my blood. My skin is now smooth
and clear and my health is excellent."—
Miss Anna Johnson.
May V. Adams, vice president of th«
Louisiana Literary Union, writes from
1119 Terpsichore street. New Orleans, La.,
as follows: "Any person with sedentary
habits is apt to become habitually consti-
pated. I have found this to be the case
by sad experience, and am thankful to
say that Peruna cleansed my system, pu-
rified the blood and drove out stomach
disorders and all aches out of the body.
I take a few doses every few weeks and
find that it keeps mo in perfect health. I
believe it to be an ideal woman's medi-
cine."
If you do not receive prompt and satis-
factory results from "the use of Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable a«-\_
vice gratis. W
Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha T
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
A Beautiful Young Society
Woman's Letter.
"ALL RUN DOWN?"
ABE WOMEN IN EARLY SUMMER,
AD VERTISEMENTS.
ff/4 Prominent Society Gibl,
I Hi mi i ii Hiiiiiiii t** ti © a
Ill'lli
I I P I I llSi *-*JiJlO L
1 HI iHl HI ' e announc e *** important \
I «| |||§ Is* II! |f»|| J§ shirt sale commencing: to-day.
I HI HH m. WM. 'llilflSiiltEl W - e say im P° rtant because the
1 HI sit§ 'I i§»i P P I lijS B shirts arc the very latest pro- *
| "JpP liiif §P duction of the season and
1 HI ill lisS Sg IllPi 11 come just when you are buy- \
I la Wrm v\ PS Ull! ijiSS I : * n ? or 8°^ R S to buy some
I Si • 'P lili ill WW s ¦ shirts are made from i
I Ht^ W-M li-i Sill &W WM. W imported madras and will not !
teHi iiP i* MW- i^B: 1? 1 as *^ e custom shirtmaker v.-ho
I ipi iiP P Wm I HSU! HI ' charges you more than twice
Hki*l Pi^ £* &M & 1 I&& HI as much. The shirts are equal
aliw a J fiafi? .ffii . n^llKiMJ7f2»fllfi4S7 to those sold at $1.50 in cxclu-
fRl .:'¦•¦'. \r : sive stores; we made a very
i,;-i fortunate and enormous purchase, which enables us to sell the *
718 Market Street \
J ! I will Fay I
I 50 cents per 100 I
ll for any quantity of |j
¦ from JL^L^^i^yAiv^ii^v t v^^^»; M /^gj^ M
I Royal Bengal I
ft .1ltf2&1F&£^ ffl
m vJLgttl a> . : m
|; j or any retail dealer on the Coast i
1 1 '¦will accept them as cash 1
fa Herman Heyneman. l
j I 204 Sacramento St., San ' Francisco If
ill California ll