PRICEFIYE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 156.
i SAK FBAKCISCO, MOKDAY, MAY 5, 1902.
REBELS OVERTHROW
JIMINEZ GOVERNMENT
AMERICAN' REPRESENTATIVE
IN SANTO DOMINGOAND THE
WARSHIP DISPATCHED.
President of Republic
Seeks Safety in
Consulate.
Continued on Page 'Tar »•.
Succeed tlio! British Field
b . . ¦ Marshal.
, LONDON,- May l-In military circles
the question of Earl Roberts'.' retirement
from the post of c'ommander-in-chlef im
mediately after the coronation is freely'
discussed. -"
It is looked upon as a certainty that the
Duke.'.of /Connaught will succeed; hlni,
and" will! not. return to Ireland, i The if act
that Earl- Roberts has recently •purchased'
a, big estate 'In the country is considered
proof of this statement -
Duke of Connaught Likely Soon to
ROBERTS MAY RETIRE •
FROM ARMY COMMAND
'. CAMBRIDGE. Mass., May 4.— William
T. Reid Jr., son of Dr. and. Mrs. , William
T. Reid of Belmont,: Cal., is Wgage-l to
marry" Miss' Christine -Williams : Lincoln;
a beautiful s. society girl ,of Boston:and
Brooklyn/ 'The- marriage iwlll take." place
early itr June,; and, v/111: be a brilliant af
fair. ¦ Miss Lincoln: is- popular, in society,:
and is aVstrlking; figure at' all 'athletic
events?. ; She - has recently been,! abroad
studying/ languages. Reid;-; Is;; in • the
Harvard graduate school; where ¦ he is ¦ a
proctor, and/football 'coach.' > He; has a
wonderful record in football, a ii,j Wag
varsity baseball ., captain for two years^
lie is. planning to go to Oxford from'Har
vard. • ' ' -' ' ' \' •.
CALIFORNIAN TO WED
EASTERN SOCIETY IQUL&
Robbery was not the motive for tbe at
tack, as $7 60 was found in Miss Gable's
purre. James Robinson, a young negro,
who gave the police the first information,
Is being held pending an investigation.
sciousness until ? o'clock. While her con
dition is dangerous, she probably will re
cevrr." £he refuses to make any state
ment, and to the police the affair Is a
xnystcry-
SAN* JOSE. May 4.— Mary Gable, a do
mestic in the employ of Dr. J. D. Grissim,
v,as found this morning at 5 o'clock in the
yard of Mrs. Knox Goodrich, at First
street an4 Railroad avenue, in an uncon
scious condition. There were xeveral
wounds on her head, which had been In
flicted with some blunt instrument. The
young woman was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital and did not recover con-
"XOUNG WOMAN VICTIM
OF MYSTERIOUS ATTACK
tan' Bayan, . Raja Muda. Bayan. Sultan Panda
patan and. all' leading dattos dead' and many
of their followera. : Assault .on .the . principal
fort;;' which surrendered - last night, one" of. 'the
niost:*allant/Derforniances of ¦'American arms.-
ColoneL- Frank. D." Baldwin"' and his regiment
deserve . all .praise ; for hand-to-hand struggle'
In ¦ four/' lines, of ditches under 1 walls of fort..
These trenches are lined -with Moro dead .from
rifle fire. Have never seen, or. heard of "any.
performance excelling this gallant : flsht.- It
was. my painful duty to report that .the" over-,
throw of Moro power not accomplished -without
severe loss. One officer and seven enlisted; men
killed; four officers and thirty eniiated !'men"
wounded. "WIH" telegraph the list laten After"
eighty-four survlvora j marched out^thls j morn-;
Ing as prisoners and' understood .they, were all. i
eight others,".^ who had" concealed" themselves in;
rubbish Irislde'thefbrt.. made a: break! for" lib-;
erty,'<but not' succeeded. Some Moro 'wounded.
triedUo stab soldiers "trying, to help them.; it.
Is Impossible : to ( state . number . of; Mbros ', killed, i
many lying In tall' grass: jj The surrender "saves'
us -.from . slesre "and .'starvation. . Impossible
to have carried works', without" scaling ladder's. ¦
which were" readv.~, : Intend . to ' retain , prisoners
until .two : or :^three email adjacent forts.occu-.
pled. •' then " will consent "release as ¦ hostages
eight ¦ or ten of the : principals ". and s release '. thie
others. The forces ' in' line, of advance consist
ed : of four.' mountain; guns, ; 470 ' rifles, .' ' ThU"
fully sufficient. •.." Could - not have used more'
men ¦ advantaceously. _Had N . we « sent - strorig
column Ifc.wouid'only.have swelled the casualty i
list.' One neighboring "datto. has already rep-;
resented- himself j as ,¦ friend, f and I expect : a
general coming in 'shortly, s when": the weight . of.
the blow la 'known. Thejdead 'sent .' to Mala-'
bang for burial.' *:. In "light ¦ of , present ¦ knowl-'
edge." could .-have'-; besieged, the principal 'fort
and'^n .time ' forced 'the surrender. .' but .'that
would . probably have \ resulted " In -. a sortie for'
freeOom" and; escape 'for 'many. -By ' attacking,
them - they • have I been \ completely crushed-J-the"
only kind of . lesson these wild Moras • seem- to*
be able to profit .by." , Shall Invite. Sultan Tar
lac to; pay me a _ friendly visit," ' if . he does /lot
tell us of his, Initiative^ : Has* fort .furthsr east
In plain ¦ sight ¦ and of •¦ same i itrength ¦ aa '¦ was
Bayan,". on : beautiful . tableland- of ; a thousand
. acres/; fine ' upland ¦ rice, and -"urging "• peoot« to
return to v its cultivation. . ¦ The /result " to fol
low" this action very' important, .'namely/ ; It' n-' :
PARIS. May 4.— The Journal's corre
spondent' at Marseilles telegraphs that
mail advices from Jiboutl, French East
Africa, declare a rumor is current that a
battle has been fought between Turkish
troops and the Iraan tribe of Arabs at
Koffutidor, on "the frontier of Arabia, in
which the Turks were defeated, losing' 400
men in killed' and. wounded. The Arabs
aro also said. to have lost heavily.
Soldiers.
Sultan Lost Four Hundred
Fieport Is Received in Paris That the
TROOPS OF TURKEY
IN BATTLE WITH ARABS
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Although the
fall of Santo Domingo may relieve the
situation in the Dominican republic, of
ficials, here arc glad that the request of
American Minister Powell to send a war
ship has been complied with. Powell was
informed to-day that the cruiser Cincin
nati had been dispatched to protect Amer
ican interests. ' ' :
He has caused the arrest of Charles H.
Loinaz, the 'Norwegian Vice Consul in
Porto Plata, on the charge of having con
spired to. overthrow the Jiminez..govern
ment.' The consular corps has obtained
the release of Loinaz. ¦
1 The President to-night sent: the follow
ing ' congratulatory ' message to General
.CHaffee: : '" '•'•"- >^' i*^V.'
: WASHINGTON, May : 4. 1002.— Chaff ee. 1 " Ma
nlla:: *. Accept tor Tthe ¦ army under your ¦ com
mand.-and express, to; General r Da'vls and Col
onel! Baldwin especially..- my , 'congratulation*
and. thanks for, the special courage and fidelity
which have again carried our flag to victor*.
Tour." fetlaw , countrymen • at -• home • ¦will ever
honor" the memory : of the fallen. , and be faith
ful to the braive' survivors who have themselves
been, faithful ' unto> '¦ death!.' fir their country* ¦
saXe. . .. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
'¦ -•¦ •;.- . :• *.-*-:
The President conferred for fqur hours
to-night with Secretary Root and Gov
ernor Talt,',. mainly. concerning: affairs in
the Philippines. , The Secretary and Miss
Root, and Governor.! Ta.it Iwere guests at
dinner, and remained .at the, White House
until', half-past -11 o'clock. The dispatch
. from . General '. Chaff ee . giving , the . result
of General *Davis*;'cainpalgri In Mindanao
;was /a'. source. of great satisfaction to the
officials;, though they regretted exceedlns
ly 1 that; it 'became "necessary 'to' fight in
; order.to compel submission to the Amer
icans ¦ for ; the . surrender of _ those guilty
of the murder -of -American soldiers. Sec-"
retary Root: declined to say whether any
j Instructions had been given to
General Chaffee f or hfs . guidance. It Is
probable : that- General "Chaff ee's " future
action;^ will: be left largely, to his cwn
discretions .The President has great re
spect -for General Chaffee's tact.
Governor Talt was very well satisfied
with the' latest' news from General Chat
fee. It was a cause for congratulation,
hesaid. believed the effect of what
had'been accomplished would be benefl
cent, and would -settle affairs in Min
danao. .. ¦ '
/Republicans this week will relieve' the
CHASTEB."
PRESIDENT - SENDS MESSAGE.
>ure3 respect 'for United States authority IB
the center of Moro; savagery.' " '
THREE PROMINENT STATESMEN : WHO .WILL.,SUPPORT*. THE, POLICY
OF THE UNITED STATES AND CHAMPION THE PHILIPPINE GOV
ERNMENT BILL. NOW PENDING IN THE SENATE. , - ,-,
Tuan Shi Kai, - the Governor of the
priest is Finch. The name of the priest
•who was murdered was Lomuller. He
was a Jesuit. The banners of the rioters
are inscribed with the words: "Abolish
the miFEicnaries."
PEKING. May 4.— The French legation
h*re takes a serious view of the riots in
Chill province. The name of the missing
province has sent troops into the dis
turbed district with strict orders sternly
to suppress the outbreak.
breaks in Chili.
SERIOUS VIEW OF RIOTS.
French Legation 13 Worried by Out-
PEKING. May 4.— United States Min
ister Conger has pretested to Prince
Ching, President of the Foreign Office, re
garding the expulsion of Chinese Chrls
tlars from the new European school
established by Tuan Shi Kai, Governor of
Chili Province, for refusing to worship
according to the Confucian tablets. Con
ger called the attention of Prince Ching
to the fact that the treaty promises that
no discrimination shall be made against
Christians and says that cuch a policy
¦would lead foreigners to question the good
faith of China in carrying out this obliga
tion.
Foreign Office.
Minister Conger Enters a Protest at
EXPULSION OF CHRISTIANS
The plaintiff, who is 49 years old, had
been married three times. She had, loet
her first and the second husbands by di
vorce and her third by death. She had the
two surviving ex-husbands in court as
witnesses in^hls case in her behalf, but
the defense. turned tables by proving that
the divorce proceedings by. which ."she had
been separated from husband No. 2 were
illegal by reason, of errors in the publica
tion of the legal notice in the newspapers,
and the court held that the' plaintiff was
the lawful wife of the second husband,"
Levi Burnett, and hence could not'main
tain her suit for breach of promise; It
further developed that Levi Burnett mar
ried again and , now has a wife and ' sev
eral children. He will seek 'another" and
valid divorce- from Harriet Rose "Ellen
Burnett " •
EAU CLAIRE. Wis., May . 4.— Judge
O'Neill in the Circuit Court at Neillsville
yesterday directed a verdict for the de
fendant in Harriet Rose Ellen Burnett's
suit for $5000 damages for breach of prom
ise of marriage against' Henry Schupe, a
wealthy farmer of Loyal, Wls. j
Get Damages for Breach of
Promise, i
Harriet Rose Ellen Burnett Falls to
The insurgents have obtained possession
of the entire Republic, with the exception
of this town, of which the governor, is E.
Deschamps. Governor Deschamps . told
the commission from Santiago de Los Ca
balleros that he would not surrender
Porto Plata without an official notice
from the Government/ Governor' Des
champs, it is said, has been an aspirant
for the presidential office and has been
bitterly opposed by the present revolution.
TABLES ARE TURNED
ON THE FAIR PLAINTIFF
ital of the Republic, has ca
pitulated to the rebelsl Vice President
Horacio Vasquez. leader of the revolution
ists, has entered the city at the head of
the troops. President Juan Jiminez,
whose- government has been overthrown,
has sought refuge in the French consu
late. '
¦y PLATA, Santo Domin-
M Jra s °' Ma >*, 4 — -A- commission has
jj imt^t^ arrived from Santiago dc Los
B Caballeros with news that
¦^L the city'of San Domingo, cap-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San' Domingo, the
Capital, Is Taken
by Vasquez.
" v Adjutant General. Washington :;. Following
is - the ."• full ' substance , of Brigadier /General
George ,"W.' ;- : Davis 1 , message from . Bayan :
"Eighty-four . survivors of Bayan \ surrendered
unconditionally "this mornin's, at 7; o'clock. Sul-
WASHINGTON,. May. 4.-Tho War, De
partment to-day '. received a; cablegram
from- General Chaff ee indicating, that the
"campaign 'against Sultan Bayan.; one of
the principal Moro chiefs,' had been com-"
pietely' successful. -.The" result -.'was ac
complished by :a.: gallant, assault on the
principal ! Moro" fort and its. capture after
a! number of the leading Moros ¦ had -been
killed/ 'The .cablegram, which was * re
ceived this afternoon/ was as follows: :
SENDS DAVIS' REPORT.
General \ Davis adds that he is- sending
the dead to 1 Malaban for burial. He in
tends to Invite the Sultan of Tarla'c to an
Interview.'. Ills fort " is ¦¦ • of the 'same
strength as Bayan; the one captured yes
terday. General Davis is urging the peo-'
pie to 'return 'to the' cultivation of rice.
The .American forces who -attacked the
fort numbered 470 men and four mountain
guns. It rained hard during the^ night
preceding the attack -and the menwere
without blankets. The ' battery : fired 120
rounds at a range of 1400 yards. .
. After the eighty-four; Moros who sur
vived the assault had inarched out of the
fort, eight" others, who. were concealed
there, made an unsuccessful break }f or
liberty. Some of the ¦ Moros tried to stab
the American soldiers who were- succoring
them. It is impossible to give the; detail
of the Moro v dead, as a number; of them
are lying in the tall grass. The fort was
defended by 300 men. , Its capture saves a
siege and it would have been impossible
to carry the "position without scaling lad
ders. . " . ,
General Davis says also it is his pain
ful duty to announce that the overthrow
of Moro power was not t accomplished
without loss to the Americans.
One officer and seven enliste'd men were
killed, while four officers and thirty en
listed men were wounded.
LOSS TO AMERICANS.
gallant performances of American arms
in . the Philippines and the regiment of
Lieutenant Colonel Frank D. Baldwin, the
Fourth Infantry( deserves the greatest
credit for its conduct. The men of the
Fourth Infantry, deserves the greatest
struggle with the Moros in the ditches
and at the walls of the fort.. When, the
position was captured these ditches were
found to be lined with Moro dead. Gen
eral Davis characterizes the rifle fire of
the Americans as excellent and says he
has never witnessed a performance ex
celling the capture of the Moro fort in gal
lantry and grit.
ROM E; May, 4.— Fifty American priests
of the diocese *of Brooklyn, headed by
Bishop McDonnell, were received by the
Pope this morning. After a speech of de
votion Bishop* McDonnell presented to his
Holiness a : check . for $10,000. The' Pope
thanked the Bishop for the rich gift. His
Holiness -congratulated' the American
episcopate, which he said had been the
only one to send him a collective letter
of greeting'upon : the 'occasion of hisjubi
lee. His j Holiness asked ' concerning the
health of Archbishop Corrigan^||Bi$BS
The news that Archbishop Corrlgan was
worse came- as a surprise to-night, for the
statement given out earlier in the day
was of v a| favorable 'nature.' It'.- Is' now
known that his weakness is such that he
is unable to retain solid food. Absolute
quiet is maintained in the sick chamber.
"His condition is grave, indeed," added
Dr. Keyes, "and there is a possibility that
he may get worse, and this will hold good
for several days. He is so weak that if
h.j were taken"from his bed he could riot
etand." '¦ /¦"¦
"Archbishop Corrlgan is by no means
out of danger," said Dr. Keyes, "and his
weakness continues. There are no favor
able indications; he shows absolutely no
interest in worldly affairs and evinces no
liveliness whatever. If he did evince a.
desire to know what "was going on in the
world it would indicate that he was re
gaining his lost strength. There was hope
that he would even express a desire to
get up as ho is, but he has not shown the
slightest Inclination to get up, sleeping
constantly^
NEW. YORK, May 4.— Much concern is
felt over the case of Archbishop Corri
gan, as Dr. 'Keyes, the attending physi
cian, announced to-night after his visit
to the bedside of the prelate that his con
dition is. still 'dangerous .and that there is
a possibility it may become more critical.
of Recovery.
Physician Announces That che New
York Prelate Shows No Sign
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN
IN GREATER BANGER
In Germany especially it is a matter of
deepest importance. -The German press
claims that Prince Albrecht of Ilohenzol
lern. the acting regent of Brunswick, is
among the nearest in the Dutch succes
sion, and in all the European capitals
nervous apprehension exists 'that the. ab
sence of a direct heir to the Dutch throne
might precipitate astruggle for the. pos
session of Holland, which in. Berlin is re
garded as Germany's natural right.
LONDON; May 4.— The tardy official ad
mission of . the real nature of the* illness
of the Queen of Holland, which the Asso
ciated Press was able to announce April
17 from Amsterdam, may be regarded a3
an indication of a very grave crisis in her
Majesty's condition and, coming- so sud
denly.upon the bulletins announcing her
imminent , recovery, it will cause a shock
throughout Europe. Apart , from the dlf
nc,ultfcjs' surfounr'ffiig'" th'c''qnestlbVo£*Mc ; '
cession to" the thronV of Holland, the
death of Queen Wilhelmiriai if this should
unhappily occur, would tend to convulse
the. continent politically.' '¦ . •
The confinement of the Queen was long
and difficult and artificial means were
resorted to. . '. " . ¦.; • .
A message from; Castle Loo, sent at 1
o'clock this morning, says Queen Wil
helmina is still alive. None of the doc
tors attending her Majesty left the palace
last night, and neither the Queen's mother
nor the Prince consort went to bed.
At 11 o'clock Sunday ¦evening' the condi
tion of her Majesty was described as prit
ical, and small hope for her recovery was
entertained. ' ¦. ' .
. THE HAGUE,' May 5.— It was announc
ed from Castle Loo. at midnight '" last
night that Queen Wilhelmina had been
prematurely confined at 6 o'clock Sunday
evening. Professor Rosenstein, Dr. Roes-
Irigs and the other doctors were in at
tendance. The Queen suffered intense ag
ony.
No apprehension is felt for the safety of
the diplomats in Peking. The United
States has 150 men, and other nations have
equally strong guards in that city. Be
sides there are troops stationed on the road
between Peking and Taku, so that in case
of an attack upon the litigations a way
for retreat is open and protected. What
concerns the authorities is not the safety
of diplomat?, but the possibilities that
may arise from the delicate situation
which a general uprising would create.
Minister Conger has not reported to the
State Department that the outbreak in
Chili Is anti-foreign, but the dispatches
reporting the murder of a French priest
clearly indicates its character.
DIPLOMATS ABE SAFE.
Carning out this demand, the Chinese
Emperor issued an edict declaring that
"If hardened and incorrigible malefactors
should again secretly organize anti-for
eign societies they shall be punished by
death, as well as those belonging to these
societies. They shall not be shown the
slightest mercy."
One of the demands made by the powers
inlSOl was that every anti-foreign eociety
should be at once suppressed and persons
involved in it should be punished.
It is of the utmost international import
ance, therefore, that the Chinese govern
ment should succeed in suppressing the
revolts which have occurred in Southern
China and ChilL The Foreign Ministers in
Peking will make earnest representations
to the Chinese government with a view of
obtaining prompt and adequate action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G. STREET. N.
W\. WASHINGTON, May 4.— In order to
prevent a. rcoccurence of the Boxer out
rages of 1900, the powers will insist upon
severe punishment of the men engaged in
the revolt which has broken out in the
southern portion of the province of ChilL
The rebellion in southern China and the
outbreak in Chili shows that the whole of
the empire Is in a state of ferment, and
diplomats in Washington who are well
informed regarding conditions In the Far
East say they would not be surprised
should the insurrection become far more
serious. A general uprising would forbid
the organization of another international
column for its suppression and the powers
would have to adopt toward China a
policy different from that pursued two
years ago.
SHOULD SUPPRESS REVOLTS.
Way Kept Clear for
Safe Retreat of
Diplomat
Heir Disturbs
Europe.
Absence of a Direct
Small Hope; for Her
j Recovery^ Be in g r
Entertained.
Powers See Danger
of International
Discord.
Wilhelmiriajs Condi
tion Pronounced
Critical.
Whole of the Empire
Is in a State of
Ferment
QUEEN
IS NEAR
DEATH
CHINA'S
TROUBLES
INCREASE
IN HAND-TO-HAND CONFLICT AMERICAN TROOPS SCALE
WALLS OF MORO FORT AND CAPTURE STRONGHOLD OF
SULTAN BAYAN, LEAVING DITCHES FILLED WITH DEAD
Scores of the
Enemy Are
jb| -y-ANILA, May'; 4. .-- General
/H /B Davis, commander of the
/ WJ/y fif Ainerican .forces- in the
/ fp~ a ' island of Mindanao,' cables
¦A r-.JHk.. that the eighty-four Moros
who survived 'the: attack
and capture of the Morp fort by American
soldiers in Mindanao yesterday have sur
rendered and that the Sulta/i of Bayan,
Rajah : Muda, . Sultan . Panda Pattb i and j a
number of the leading Dattos were killed
In the engagement. Lieutenant Bovars of
the Twenty-seventh Infantry was killed
in the engagement at the 'fort. Captain
Moore of the 1 same regiment was mortal
ly wounded. Surgeon Porter and Lieuten
ant Henry S. Wagner of the Fourteenth
Infantry and Lieutenant Jossman of the
Twenty-seventh .Infantry were severely
wounded.- ' • ¦ '•"•.. ¦. . . -
The assault on the' principal , fort, re
ports General Davis, was one of .the most
The San Francisco Call.STOCKTON .-'FORESTERS WHO
HAVE PREPARED FOR GRAND
COURT'S ENTERTAINMENT.
INDIANAPOLIS, - May 4. — Richard
Mansfield. 1 has dedided to 'retire f rom - the
stage 1 in three years, and devote ] himself
to play writing. Mansfield himself made
this announcement in this city last night.
The f nmous actor's plan at present is .to
play two more regular seasons .and ' th*u
to make ' a final farewell tour. He hd3
always suffered, acutely -from nervous
troubles. . ;• -¦;¦_- , . . . ¦
MANSFIELD DECIDES
TO BECOME PLAYWRIGHT
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Admiral Dew
ey, Rear Admiral Taylor, chief of the
Bureau of; Navigation; Lieutenant Nib
lack, inspector : of target practice/and the
other members of the special board of in
spection which ' is to visit the vessels of
the North Atlantic squadron now lying
off the Virginia capes left Washington
to-day aboard the Dolphin. The regular
board of inspection will leave Washing
ton > to-morrow night for Norfolk, where
the Gloucester will be placed at their dis
posal for the "inspection.
Admiral Dewey and the members of the
geVieral board of the navy have prepared
plans for some important maneuvers
which the vessels of the squadron will go
through next week.- The regular board of
inspection will look over the vessels from
a routine standpoint .and recommend the
repairs made- necessary by - their long
cruises In the tropical waters. The ves
sels . will have target practice off the
capes and- enable Lieutenant Nityack to
observe their performances in this re
spect. ¦:'-¦ '¦¦;'¦: ¦• ¦ :-,. :¦•; • . . ... ¦¦
Officers Start for Inspection
of a Squadron.
Admiral Dewey and Other Notable
WARSHIPS WILL HAVE
IMPORTANT MANEUVERS
Key mine at Plnos Altos. Desiring to
Inspect the condition of the timbering,
he started to descend the ladder while
the bucket was at the bottom. He J had
gone N down but a few rounds when he
lost his hold on the ladder, his f eet siip
ped and his body plunged toward the
bottom. When nearly at the bottom one
foot caught in the rungs of the ladder,
and, although the bone of the leg
snapped .the • muscles and the man's
clothing proved strong enough to hold
him fast, head downward. Eaves clutched
with both hands for support, and In do-'
ing so happened to grasp the signal rope
long enough to sound a call to the engineer
to pull up the bucket. He then grasped
the' ladder and managed to ease the
strain on his broken leg; until the bucket
came up, when he dropped Into It and
was drawn to the surface.
; MADRID, J May 4.'— Advices . received
here -from the Spanish-Portuguese fron
tier declare that -another riot occurred
to-day •-¦at ',' Coimbra, in the province of
Beira, Portugal., during which the polica
firei their revolvers at the students.
Police Fire at Students.
MANILA; May 4.— The cholera has not
abated. The main > water supply for the
u S e ,? f » ne \ whIte ¦ of the city
of Manila^ is not affected. There have
been In Manila 754 cases and 603 deaths
from the disease, while the provinces re
port-2153 pases. and 1582 deaths.
Cholera Continues in Manila.
..WASHINGTON, May' 4.-The Insular
division ojt the War Department gave out
for publication ; to-day a statement show
ing in comparative form the commerce of
-Cuba for. the eight months ended Febru
"yj.' MM and 1901. The 'total' value" of
Slr^ an^ s^o Imported during the, stated
K °* 1902 was $44,659,314, against J42,
?Sii ¦ -c." or '« th f ; corresponding period -. of
1901. -Export figures show ?28,4$7,228 worth
?mi me rchandise in - 1902 - anT $34,008,270 ; in
1901. iThese returns ; show \ an , increase of
4 per cent in imports and a decrease of lt>
per. cent in_ exports. : Merchandise coming
from ..the .United- States into ¦¦ the island
aggregated , $19,490,549 during the eight
'months • ended ; February 28, 1902 a ' slight
i"."^, 86 r°ny er ' tne corresponding period
?t l 90 !-,,?^ 6^ exports: from Cuba to the
United. States .'during* the , period of 1901
amounted:- '.to $18,158,540, a^ decrease of
about $3,000 000. The value of surar ship
ments 3 to^the United ; States • during • Feb
8 ':&*X.W&. :¦ as compared
w Ith ?l,o8o,487 .worth for ,the corresponding
month of ¦ the present year/ <
Comparisons in . Cuban " Commerce.
ANTIOCH, May 4.— Several hundred!
spectators at the ball game here this aft
ernoon witnessed a thrilling accident. As
the Santa Fe passenger train passed the
grand stand those aboard and the base
ball crowd, waved greetings at one an
other. Herbert Eggleston of» Black Dia
mond, who was on the rear platform
recognized his sister and several friends
from Black Diamond in the grand stand
He foolishly started to Jump from the
train, but changed his mind when It was
too late. Failing to recover his balance
i he pitched headlong from the train down
the embankment. His sister cried, "It is
my .brother, and he has fallen from the
train.',' Every one rushed over to where
he was lying, and he was picked up hur
rifrdly and taken into town, where his In
juries were attended to. The train backed
up to the scene of the accident, expecting
that the young man had been killed, but
when the conductor aaw that he had been
cared for it continued on Its way. . Ek
gleston's injuries, while seiious. are not
dangerous. I
Gaiae Witness Young . Man's
Mishap.
Spectators at an Antiocb, Baseball
FALLS FROM A TBAIN
IN SIGHT. OF 'HUNDREDS
Ten minutes. later the saloon was vis
ited by every blear-eyed rough within a
radius of two blocks. Two hundred men
tried to crowd . into the little place. As
the gang was not being served rapidly
enough Lord Sholto himself stepped be
hind the bar and handed out Intoxicants
as fast as he could fill the glasses.
A squad of soldiers from Fort Wright
was the first to arrive, and Uncle Sam's
men were soon gloriously exhilarated.
Then came the hangers-on, and they
crowded, swearing and gesticulating, up
to the bar. . ...
At^8 o'clock, the beer ran. out, and
whisky -was served to the ever-increasing
crowd. .The stock bottles were emptied In
*; J llx y. and then, the case goods were
opened. Sherry and port came next and
?*™ Quickly consumed. . Then from un
der the .bar a four-gallon demijohn of gin
was^ produced, and it was hurled down
Iki of the multitude. A bottle of
absinthe was uncorked, and it. too. dis
appeared. In forty minutes from the time
the gang entered; the saloon there was
£«? en °"S h »quor left to cure a snake
£™U> T 1 orgle had surpassed anything
has ever. seen.
'¦Pm?i a a «l ?i t0 rece ntly received $1000 from
£i?«?il * He ann ounces that he and Lady
.Sholto. are going to the coronation. He
of nm wns *. th £ natures of t the saloon, but
of liquor he has none.
SPOKANE, May 4.— "I'm going to quit
the blooming business, don't ! ye know,"
said .. Lord Sholto Douglas, son of the
Marquis of Queensberry, to a lounger and
the. bartender in his rum joint to-night.
"You go out and get a crowd and we'll
drink up all the bloomln' .booze' In the
house." , i: - -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Tyrol, following the example of
Norway, is trying to encourage, the winter
tourist business by offering better facili
ties for winter sports. y
Lord Douglas Gives His
Saloon Stock to
the Rabble.
The balloon, held by a rope, ascended
forty meters. The motors were then
started. The balloon obeyed the impulse
of its propellers, steering easily and main
taining perfect equilibrium. After maneu
vering for a short time Zevero returned
the chip to its shed.
La Paix is not unlike Santos Dumont's
airships in appearance, but it differs from
them in many details.- The gas capacity
of La Paix 4s nearly four times that of
Santo Dumont's airships. It has thre-3
main propellers and . two smaller ones
used for steering and in ascending and
descending. ~ The two petroleum motors
of La Paix are of twenty-four and six
teen horsepower respectively. Zevero said
he would not make another trial until
there was perfectly fair weather, and
that he would then attempt to extend his
fllcht.
PARIS, May 4.— In spite of the threat
ening weather Augusto Zevero, the Bra
zilian aeronaut, made a successful first
trial with his airship at Vauglrard Aero
static Park to-day. Zevero's airship is
called La Paix. .
Aeronaut Zevero, a Brazilian, Suc
ceeds in His First Trial in
Paris.
SAILS IN AN AIRSHIP
IN THREATENING WEATHFR
Applications for State
hood to Cause Lively
Debate.
CONGRESSMAN P. J. OTEY.
Passing of Noted Veteran, Statesman
and Busines Man of the South.
WASHINGTON. May 4— Peter J. Otey of
the Sixth Virginia district died in Lynch
burg,.his home, this, afternoon. Word to
this effect was received at the Sergeant
at-arms' office at an early hour to-night.
Mr. Otey had been named as a member \>f
the committee to accompany the remains
of the late Congressman Cummings to
New York, but he notified them that he
was too ill to attend. Mr. Otey was a
Democrat. He was well known in the
South as a business man before he came
to Congress. He was interested in rail
roads, banking and insurance. He had
been active in politics of his State since
1869.. but never held office until 1S94, when
he was elected to the House of Represen
tatives, since which time he had been a
member of that body. He was born In
Lynchburg in 3840 and was graduated from
the Virginia Military Institute. While a
cadet he participated in the defense of
Virginia in the John Brown raid. After
graduating he became a civil engineer.
In 1861 he Joined the Confederate army and
participated in the Western campaign
culminating at Donelson and Shiloh. Otey
returned with his command after that
campaign and entered the army of North
ern Virginia, remaining in the infantry;
branch until the close of the war. He was
badly wounded at Newmarket. When his
wounds had healed he returned and com
manded a brigade under General Early
at Cedar Creek. ; .
Speaker Henderson - was notified of
Otey's death, which will be formally an
nounced in the House of Representatives
to-morrow, when the. House will adjourn
as a mark of respect to the memory of.
the deceased.
Stephen Addington.
SACRAMENTO, May 4.— Stephen Ad
dlngton, aged 73 years, a veteran journal
ist, died suddenly this evening of heart
disease. Addington was for years a part
nei with Will S. Green in the Colusa Sun.
In pioneer days he was one of the pro
prietors of the old Marysville Express
The body will be taken to Colusa for
burial. • .¦r;-*i--" : -
Dr. Thomas Wilson.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Dr. Thomas
Wilson, curator of prehistoric archaeol
ogy in the Smithsonian Institution ¦ and
the National Museum for years, died here
to-day in his seventieth year.
WASHINGTON, May 4.—The principal
feature in the programme of the House
this week will be the bill to place three
new stars in the American flag. The om
nibus bill for the admission of Oklahoma,
New Mexico and Arizona to Statehood
will be called on Tuesday.
The friends of the bill do not desire pro
tracted debate on it and will try to secure
a vote on that day. There 13 much opposi
tion to the bill on the Republican side of
the House on the ground that the Terri
tories are not yet fitted for Statehood, but
the friends of the bill entertain no doubt
of its passage. The Democrrats in caucus
agreed to give It their united support, and
at least sixty Republican votes are count
'ed on. j \
To-morrow is District of Columbia, day.
After the Statehood bill Is disposed of,
war claims will be given attention and
then the naval appropriation bill will be
taken up. Three Important, measures of
general legislation— the Hill financial bill
terminating the coinage of sliver dollars;
the Ray anti-anarchy bill and the Shattuc
bill codifying and extending the immigra
tion laws^-are to be taken up whenever
opportunity occurs, the Rules Committee
deciding Saturday that these measures
should haye early attention/ No time has
been set for. them, but the decision of the
Rules Committeee .will .brings them for
ward whenever appropriation • bills • and
special orders are lacking. \ ¦ :
• In- the Senate among- other .measures
which will receive . attention during the
week are the sundry civil appropriation"
bill and the bill providing for. the opening
to settlement of the Rosebud Indian Res
ervation In South Dakota. The reserva
tion question has priority of claim to con
sideration in the morning, hour of each :
day, and the appropriation bill will be
used "to fill in", when no one is prepared
to speak on either that bill or the Philip
pine bill. ¦
The resolutions providing for the recall
of Major Gardener lost Its position of . ad
vantage Saturday and Is now on the'cal
endar, but the chances are that it will be
revived and that it will receive- further
attention. '
F^IXS INTO A SHAFT
BUT ESCAPES DEATH
New Mexico Miner JMeets With an
Accident and Thanks Xadder
'" for Life. .
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex.,' May 4— A.
P. Eaves, a, miner . of Plnos Altos,'- lost
his balance .near top. of a V 400;foot
shaft yesterday, and * plunged to, the bot
tom,, but by a peculiar stroke ; of- good
luck his descent was : stopped "and he was
hauled to the surface a few minutes later
with only i a broken leg and afew.trifllng
bruises. * ¦ . . :.•¦:•
; Eaves is an "employe of -the" Mountain
ANXIOUS TRADERS AWAIT
PEACE IN, SOUTH \FRICA
Business in the London Stock Ex-
change Tails Off in Absence
of News.
LONDON, May 4.— After the strong de
mand for money at the close of ¦ the
month, the market eased decidedly at the
release of the'May interest dividends but
rates are likely to remain steady & for
some time, especially in view of the re
port that Bulgaria has arranged to -float
a loan of 100,000.000 francs In Paris 'at 5
per cent., which will curtail the gold sud
ply In that quarter. There was very lit
tle business on the Stock Exchange here
during the last week. The public : and
the professional traders are all eagerly
waiting for definite peace news from
South Africa. If the news received from
there is favorable it will be the certain
signal for a sharp rise in all sections of
the market. There were some large
movement in American shares during
the, last week, but' the general tone of
this situation was weak. Operators dis
trust the ulterior motive behind . ¦••• the
continued rise In Louisville . and Nash
ville, and few sales of this stock" were
recorded. There was some business in
Chicago, Milwaukee and SL Paul and
Pennsylvania, but other American securi
ties were dull, and finished the week
flcLt. " ' — f ' ¦' * " -
In the Industrial department there Is
a large assortment of new stock issues
which the ; promoters- are anxious to
S oa h. cn v*£ he announcement of peace in
South Africa, but until this time tiUr«
will be little activity in industrial Home
rails were fairly steady during the week
while mines were stagnant. '
Thousand Men on Strike
ST. LOUIS. May 4.-One thousand mnid
*rs. Pressers- and laborers employed 'at
the fire brick' and terra cotta wnX «l
Cheltham. in the ou[skirtf o f This city'
are on strike. The skilled men struck
out of sympathy for the laborers? who
demand an increase of 15 cents a day-
The entire business section of the city
has been decorated in honor of the Grand
Court, and- many of the residences are
sporting the colors of the order— red,
white and blue. Electric lamps in those
hues have been wired up. and down Main
street and the Courthouse dome is cov
ered with incandescents. The current
and hundreds of the visitors will-'be quar
.tered at the homes of local Foresters.
FRIENDS HOPE
FOR TERRITORIES
STOCKTON, May 4.— Delegates to
the Grand Court of the Foresters
of America, which will convene
in this city on Tuesday, are al
ready arriving. They are the
vanguard of the army of Forseters ex
pected to-morrow evening and Tuesday
morning. All of the rooms at the hotels
and lodging-houses have been • engaged
EL. PASO. Tex., May 4.— The gambling:
houses of El Paso, noted among sporting
men the country over, are all closed to
day. Their army of employes and hang
ers-on have been Idle since 2 o'clock this
morning and will not resume operations
until 6 o'clock on Monday. •
This is the first time in many years that
El Paso has shown such observation of
the Sabbath. Usually Sunday has boon
the banner day of the week among the
gamblers and saloon men. Wealthy min
ers and cattle men with "money to burn"
come to town on Sunday, and it has gen
erally been on Sunday night that the
playing has been highest and the largest
stakes have changed hands. The gam
bling houses, which have been running
wide open with street doors ajar so that
the click of the roulette ball could be
heard from the sidewalks, were closed
to-day by special proclamation . of Mayor
B. F. Hammett, who also ordered that all
saloons should close their entrances on
Sunday and that public gaming should
'discontinue during the week at 2 a. m. on
each night and on Sunday morning at 2
o'clock, with a suspension of operations
until Monday at 6. The gamblers and
saloon men obeyed instructions without
a murmur.
sion of Gambling During the
;! , Sabbath.
Mayor of the City Orders a Suspen-
"SPORTS" IN EL PASO
FIND DOORS CLOSED
In connection with his plan of the great
grain pool, Phillips is planning the estab
lishment of the biggest grain brokerage
in the world with headquarters in Chicago
and Eastern branches at Cleveland, Pitts
burg. Philadelphia, Buffalo, Rochester,
Syracuse, Albany and New York. Phillips
and Dunfee would not tell what happened
in their conference to-day. The scheme
of Phillips, it was said by friends of Dun
fee, is to take influential capitalists in the
market to purchase wheat ana corn which
they will manipulate through their great
brokerage establishments.
"Grain prices will remain at the high
mark for the next few months," said
Phillips to-night, "and I do not believe
we will ever have cheap corn again— not
twenty-cent corn as we had in 1SD6. at
least."
Phillips met John Dunfee, the Syracuse
millionaire contractor, who controls more
ready cash than any other man in Central
New York. To-day several other wealthy
men called on him. To-night he left, for
New York, where to-morrow he expects to
see representatives of the Elkina-Widener-
Brady syndicate.
John Dunfee is a prominent member of
that ring. W. L.. Elkins Jr. and J. E.
Wldener of Philadelphia and Anthony N.
Brady of New York are leaders of the
great street railway, gas and electricity
combine and William C. Whitney, another
member of this coterie, formerly Secretary
of the Navy, is at the head of the Metro
politan Street Railway Company and a
multi-millionaire.
SYRACUSE, N. Y.. May 4.— Georje H.
Phillips of Chicago, the "corn king," spent
yesterday and to-day in this city interest
ing capitalists in a scheme to control the
Amerlean grain market. Friday he . was
in Buffalo, where he Joined the Board of
Trade and conferred with men of money
on the same subject.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Phillips, the "Corn King,"
Plans Another Gigan
tic Move.
SEEKS TO RULE
GRAIN MARKET
SHOLTO QUENCHES
SPOKANE THIRSTS
The Grand Court officers and delegates
will see the city's points of interest from
carriages on Saturday . afternoon, and
{hose who remain until Sunday will have
the opportunity of going on a 'steamer,
excursion on the river. **•¦..---.•
The Grand Court will be called to or
der on Wednesday morning. On Thursday
evening tne visitors are to be banqueted
in the pavilion. Covers will be laid for
800 diners, and thousands of spectators
will share in the good things said and will
have the pleasure of watching from
raised tiers of seats the good things eaten.
It will be the biggest' banquet Stockton
has ever witnessed.
DANCING AND A FEAST.
In the evening a" ball is to be given in
Agricultural Pavilion by the local courts
in honor of the Grand Cpurt. More than
3000 invitations have been distributed for
this function. ". ' . • -• ..
A reception, at which light refreshments
will be served, is to be given the visiting
Foresters- on Tuesday,- forenoon in Ma
sonic Music Hall. In the afternoon the
parade will take place. . It will start at 2
o'clock from the corner, of Hunter street
and Weber avenue.. Immediately follow
ing this, on the plaza, -Mayor George E.
Catts will deliver his address of welcome
to the Foresters, and the key to the city,
e. , large - wooden gilded emblem, will be
presented to the grand high chief ranger.
An open air concert will close the after
noon's ceremonies. ¦: :¦
. RECEPTION FOR VISITORS
•' The . business sessions of the Grand
Court will occupy but three days, but the
entertainment arranged will keep "the
Grand Court officers, delegates and vis
itors the guests of Stockton until the first
of next week. A reception committee
ponsisting of 200 men and women, appoint
ed from among the members of the local
courts— Stockton, Cavolotti. Schiller and
Stockton Circle; Companions of the For
est—will meet all trains and steamers to
morrow- and Tuesday morning and will
escort visiting Foresters to the local
headquarters on San Joaquln street. Here
those who have not already engaged
lodgings will be assigned to rooms.
will not be' turned on until Tuesday even
ing. : . ¦ .;- ¦'¦ './,-'•¦,
It would seem from the best Informa
tion obtainable that no one can give even
a giiess as to what will be the result of
the meeting of district officers called Ijv
President Mitchell for Wednesday nex«
There are eleven district officers in the
first district and as many more in each
of the other two districts. Only twentv
five of these were in New York. The
statement of these twenty-five was not
formally canvassed, and there is no one
•with any definite idea how the eight ab
sentees etand. When all come together
President Mitchell will report the results,
or lack of results, of the conferences, and
eubmit to them the question of what thev
propose to do about it. Under the action
of the Shamokin convention the district
officers have full power to declare a strike
or adopt whatever measures seem to them
best suited to meet the emergency.
MINERS ALL IN DOUBT.
As to whether or not the miners con
sider this latter as the gain of an impor
tant point Nichols was silent. It is like
ly, however, that it is considered impor
tant, for it is only logical that if the
president of a coal company is willing t.j
hear from his employes through the offi
cers of their union the local superintend
ents cannot with becoming grace refuse
the same thing. It was stated that one of
the coal men at the conference expressed
eurprise In hearing that one of his dis
trict superintendents had refused *to grant
an audience to Nichols.
SCRANTON. Pa., May 4.-District Pres
ident T. D. Nichols of the United Mine
Workers returned Saturday night from
the New York conferences with the coal
operators. Like all others who attended
the conference, he was not inclined to
talk at any length on what was done. On
only two things he would permit himself
to be quoted. One was that the heads of
the coal companies accorded the miners'
representatives a full and patient hearing
end the other that nothing was accom
plished save that they were told that they
could come again at any time and be
heard without any stipulations being
made as to the capacity in which they
might come.
Senator Hanna said he had been await
ing a report from the sub-committee of
the conciliation committee, but that
Mitchell's statement had anticipated it.
The work of the conciliation committee
was ended, said the Senator, when it
brought together the operators and the
representatives of the miners' union and
he added that noting more could be done
unless there were some new develop
ments. •
HANNA IE. WAITING.
Senator Harm a. said he was officially
notified to-day by Ralph M. Easley, sec
retary Of the National Civic Federation,
of the statement issued last night by
President Mitchell In New York. He im
tnediately wired Mr. Easley instructing
him to refrain from calling another meet
ing of the conciliation committeee as that
procedure would be useless in view of the
latest developments.
PHILADELPHIA, May 4.— Senator Han
na in an interview to-day characterizes
the situation in the anthracite coal region
as extremely delicate and for that reason
said it would be unwise for him to express
aa opinion- as to the probable result of
the meeting of the executive committee of
the United Mine Workers for three an
thracite districts called for next Wednes
day at Scranton, Pa., by National Presi
dent John Mitchell.
Notice has been sent to members of this
(the ninth) district executive board to gc
to Scranton to attend the convention of
the three district boards to decide whether
to call a strike or order a general con
vection of miners to treat with the situa
tion. The board from this district will go
to Scranton Tuesday. In case of a tie-up
BT.000 men and boys will be rendered idle
In the ninth district. Many miners here
to-night said they are ready to cease work
whenever ordered to do so.
SHAilOKlN. Pa., May 4.— Local mem
bers of the special miners'- committee re
turned from New York to-day. They were
discouraged over the refusal of the opera
tors to grant an eight-hour working day,
the weighing of coal at the mines and an
increase in wages.
I'istrict Boards to Meet in Scranton
to Decide What Measures for
Better Conditions Shall
Be Adopted. \
sylvania.
Thousands of Employes May
Quit Work in Penn-
The remains of Mr. Cummings, accom
panied by the committee of the two
houses, were taken to New York to-night.
Department Commander John W. Worth
of the Department Of New York, G. A.
R. : Senior Vice Commander James Camp
bell. Chief of Staff Thomas M. Kenny,
Past Department Commander Frank No
lan and John G. Taylor and Captain Wil
liam Stahl, assistant department com
mander of the staff of the commander
in-chief, accompanied the remains as a
special guard of honor from Baltimore
to Washington. -;,-•;¦¦-.¦
WASHINGTON, May 4.-In pursuance
of the resolution adopted by the House
yesterday, public memorial services were
held over the remains of the late Rep
resentative Amos J. Cummings of New
York in the Hall of . Representatives this
afternoon. Only twice before in recent
years has such an unusual honor been
paid to a deceased Representative, those
occasions being the state funerals of
Representative William D. Kelley of
Pennsylvania and Representative Nelson
Dingleyof Maine. The exercises to-day
were, very impressive. Almost the en
tire membership of the House and Sen
ate was present/ and the galleries were
inade<ruate to hold the thousands who
went to the Capitol seeking admission.
Delegations from the Department of New-
York, G. A. R.; New York Typographical
Union No. 6, the New York Pilots' As
sociation and various letter carriers as
sociations were in attendance.
The floral tributes were numerous and
0« the most exquisite character. The
casket was brought into the hall by the
Capitol police, escorted by the. commit
tee appointed by the two houses of Con
gress acting as honorary pallbearers, and
placed on a bier below the Speakers
rostrum. Upon the casket rested large
wreaths of white carnations and PUfP»e
orchids. On either side were immense
floral wreaths of roses and carnations
from the members of the House and the
members of the New York delegation,
and immediately in front was an anchor
of violets from the members of the House
Naval Affairs Committee. There also
were floral tributes from Columbia Typo
graphical Union of Washington, the New j
York Letter Carriers' Association, G. A.
R. posts and other organizations. At the
request of William Cullen Bryant, pres
ident-of the New York Press Club, Sec
retary Cortelyou attended the services
as a representative of the club, occupy
ing a seat on th'e floor beside Speaker
Henderson. The programme of the exer
cises was as follows:
Hymn, "Lead, Kindly Light": prayer.
Rev. Dr. Couden. chaplain of the House;
hymn. "Peace, Perfect Peace"; address.
Rev. Dr. Wallace Radcliffe, pastor of the
New York Avenue Presbyterian Church:
address, Rev. J. G. Stafford of St. Pat
rick's Roman Catholic Church; hymn,
"Nearer, My God, to Thee": benediction.
Rev. C. H. Milburn, chaplain of the
Senate.
Mrs. Palmer and their two sons, Honore
and Potter Jr., were with Mr. Palmer
when he died. . No arrangements have yet
been made for the funeral, but in all
probability he will be buried in Chicago,
where. he accumulated his fortune.
Palmer's fortune is estimated at
$25,000,000.
CHICAGO. May 4.— Potter Palmer, for
nearly half a century one of Chicago's
most prominent business men, died to
night at his residence on Lake Shore
drivel The exact cause of Mr. Palmer's
death has not yet been determined.- He
had been suffering for several weeks from
a nervous disorder, but as he was able to
be about the house his condition was not
: thought to be serious.
When lie retired last night he was feel
ing, if anything, better than for several
days. During the ¦ night, however, he
seemed to lose all his energy, and this
morning was -unable to leave his room.
He gradually grew weaker during the
day and at 5:10 o'clock this evening he
suffered a sudden collapse from which he
expired. The physicians who were at
tending Mr. Palmer are at a loss as to
the ultimate cause of his death, as ap
parently he had no organic troubles.
Palmer's condition had not been regard
ed as extremely serious even by the fam
ily physician, Dr. Henry B. Favill. Sat
urday night Palmer suffered from a fever.
His temperature was then 100, and by
this morning was 107, but Dr*. Favill, while
unable to account for the presence of this
fever, did not feel "that it indicated se
rious results.
This afternoon Mrs. Palmer noticed
symptoms of sinking in Mr. Palmer and
became much alarmed. Dr. Favill could
not be found and Dr. George P. Marquis
was called. He reached the Palmer resi
dence at 4 o'clock, and after a brief ex
amina.tion of the patient advised Mrs.
Palmer that he could hold out no hope.
Palmer had seemed to fall into a sleep
at 3 o'clock, although it was fatal uncon
sciousness and so remained until the end.
Dr. Marquis made a vain effort to hold
the wavering spark of life of the patient
by administering oxygen, but it was with
out avail. He could only give the family
the assurance that Palmer was passing
away without pain. There was silence in
the room then until 5:40 o'clock, when the
physician raised his hand and it was
known that death had come.
Just after Mr. Palmer's death, Dr. Fa
vill arrived at the residence. After a
brief conference with Dr. Marquis, he an
nounced that death was due to heart fail
ure. He discovered a slight disorder of
the lungs that gave some indication of in
cipient pneumonia, possibly brought on
by an attack of grip suffered several
months ago, but not sufficient to have
brought the speedy end.
News of the death spread rapidly over
the city, and intimate friends of the Pal
mer family called early at the home. Old
time associates of Mr. Palmer, such as
Judge Lambert Tree, Marshall Field,
Lev! Z. Leiter and Erskine Phelps were
Informed. Robert T. Lincoln, H. H. Kohl
saat and R. W. Patterson called.
It was at first intended by the family
to prepare an official statement as to Mr.
Palmer's death, which should incorpo
rate the views of the attending physi
cians, but this plan was changed, and
Mrs. B. L. Honore gave out such state
ments as were desired. She said that
nothing could have been more of a sur
prise to the family and that she was pos
itive that Mr. Palmer himself had never
realized that death was near..
Services Are Held in the
Hall of Representatives
at Capitol.
Passing of One of Chicago's
Most Prominent Busi
ness Men.
Refusals by the Oper
ators the Cause of
Discontent.
Congressmen Pay Un
usual Tribute to Late
Amos Cummings.
Physicians Are , Puzzled
Concerning Fatal
Illness.
COAL MINERS
ARE VERGING
ON A STRIKE
HONOR MEMORY
OF ASSOCIATE
FORESTERS OF AMERICA WEND
THEIR WAY TOWARD STOCKTON
Colors of the Order Hide Mill City's Busi
ness Blocks and Citizens-Prepare Varied
Entertainment for the Grand- Court;
POTTER PALMER
DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY* '-;MAY 5, 1902.
2
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
• ' A car-load -of = Cook Books '..¦
Just arrived from ChlcaROijnd ¦ '¦.
are \ ready f or dlntrlbntion ; at
•the ; bnsiiiesn ofllcc ot thl» •
paper. All -, : .-Call " subscribers
are entitled [to a copy of this
Brreat . c ,°.P. fc Book at the prcrn-
luin price 'ot Utty cents. '¦'.',[¦
--." rAn additional' cjikrgo ot 20,
cents to .pay expressase Will '
. be required from. out o( tonn -|
'subscribers \ ordering by'i mail.
JOHN J. PTJXTOIT CO. ,
A SAD CASE
of Bright's Disease
«¦»"¦ 71171 1
1* HERE ARE NOW HUNDREDS O5*
- * cases of chronic Brighfs Disease and
Diabetes on the Fulton Compounds. Near-
ly nine-tenths of them are progressing
toward recovery, there being about 13 per
eent of failures. But now and then thera
Is a failure simply for the lack of com-
mon prudence. We report the following
case in the hope that the lesson will noc
bo lost:
A young professional man of this city
was succumbing to Bright's Disease and
was looked upon by both hi3 physicians
and family as beyond human, aid. In fact,
he himself was fully prepared for a fatal
termination. A relative persuaded the
family to adopt the Fulton treatment!
•the usual results followed. In a few
I weeks. there was a decided change and a
! few months later found him strong"
enough to be out the pleasant parts of
the day and well on the road tcTrecov-
ery. Solicitude gave way to confidence
and he went out too soon. A loesv da»
• that he should never have ventured out in
! precipitated a- cold that developed into
: SSSS™^ 1 "' wlth a latal * nd «8 T within a
There is very great danger in the over-
confidence that follows quick recovery
Prompt response does not moan that th-i
disease has been eliminated? In fact
there. is urgent necessity. for the gr-atest
i%? a « n ™ f i? r Ol ¥ e f«edom froScofd-
and small ills for fully a year and
uSy mUSt S ° Vern them selves~ as :oid-
ar^ r!< n H» f <£, th ?». Bri Sl lt ' 8 Kidney Disease
1^ vi' '^ Diabetic Compound.
?A™T;r,£ ulton ££• San Francisco, sole
Fr^^m/^ 6 ' Mllls buildings.
ramphlet^alfed f & e *> aticnt3 - descriptive
SAN FRANCISCO AGENTS
-Ba^lngton. J. h. Winter.
Aa_ others named hereafter.
_ PAimS'S CELERY COMPOUND.
FOR YOUR WELFARE.
You ATe Urged to Mate Health
Building Yonr First Work
This Month.
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Puts You in Condition to With-
stand the Enervating Effects
of a Hot Summer.
If you are ailing:, sick or diseased it Is
our earnest desire to Interest you In your
own personal welfare. We try to do this
by simply urging you to make health-
building your first work this month, as
efforts to banish disease are much more
difficult when, in addition to physical suf-
ferings, you are obliged to contend with
the enervating effects of a hot summer.
Medical men know well that a sick per-
son ,when treated with the proper medi-
cine In May has a much better chance for
life and health than is possible in July or
August.
The Incalculable amount of good that
Paine's Celery Compound is now doing In
making sick people well should compel
| the attention of every thinking man and
I woman now in sickness and suffering.
Faulty nutrition of. the nervous system
i3 the direct cause of nervous debility,
headaches, dyspepsia and neuralgia— ail-
ments that thousands are now suffering
from. When people have blood that is
pale, watery and full of impurities their
nerves . cannot assimilate food properly
and derive nourishment from It.
Paine's Celery Compound used in May
cleanses the blood, bestows greater nerve
force, regulates the stomach and bowels,
arouses a healthy appetite and brings
about a normal action of the dormant
, liver. Paine's Celery Compound in every
case gives a positive and permanent cure.
It is the most thoroughly honest medi-
cine that run-down and sickly . men and
women can employ. Its life-giving effect
on nerves and blood la truly marvelous.
9aVK UnnOV fc y dyeing your faded garments
OaYC mUliej wltn Diamond Dyes. 10 cents.
APVERTIS^wp'T 3 TS.
Spring Humors
Cause " many troubles — pimples, ".boils
and other eruptions, besides loss of
appetite, that tired feeling:, fits cf
biliousness, indigestion and headache.
The way to get rid of them and to
build up the system that has suffered
from them is to take
Hood's Sarsaparllla
and Pills
iorming in ..combination the Spring
Medicine par exullenct, unequaled
fo«- purifying the blood, as shown by
radical and permanent cures of
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head Bolls, Pimples
All Kinds of Humor Psoriasis
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism .
Catarrh Dyspepsia, Etc
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed « a
request. C. X. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
I Repairs broken \
U glasses. Lenses H
11 duplicated for 1
I! 50c. If astig- g
l| matlc 61.00 to 1
V64 2%1 arketSt^
RADWAVS READV RELIES" has stood
unrivaled before the public for 6w years a» a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieve, and quickly
cures all CoWs. Bart Throats. Influenza, Bronr
chHls. Pneumonia, Rheumtitm. Neuralrii
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
. "*¦ Malaria aad ill Bowel Pains. Alt drurclstsCLUB WOMEN WHO ARE CON
TRIBUTING TO THE SUCCESS OF
THE LOS ANGELES CONGRESS.
In : all parts, of the city trees, fences,
signs,, awnings. ; etc., were blown down
and ¦¦ other damage . was done by the
wind, which .came In terrific - gusts. " As
far as can be learned nobody was killed
or injured. ' JTor* one- minute thi^ after-,
noon ¦ the wind reached , a .velocity of , rix
ty-flve miles an hour,' and for, the . > five'
succeeding minutes ' it blew at the rate
of .fifty-two' miles, after: which it mod
erated.l' ¦ — '.'• -- . J ' .•- ¦ ¦¦'
¦In the downtown district -the wind car
ried away immense signs, throwing them
into -the streets and breaking plate glass
windows c in ' several . of -• the large stores.'
Of'the crowds on the streets at the time
many had narrow escapes from death
and injury./ —.¦:¦¦:
ST. LOUIS, May 4. — For a Bhort
time this, .afternoon a terrific , storm
of . wind . and ¦ rain prevailed in this,
city and ' vicinity, - causing- consider
able damage./ - Lightning ¦ resulted in
several " fires, one of which i destroyed _. the
machine shops and a section' of the foun-"
dry : of William and Philip Medart'a
patent pulley plant in South St. : Louis.
The loss is estimated at $300,000.
STORM WHIRLS
INTO ST. LOUIS
: A ''special', train under the direction of a Joint
committee of \ the '.commercial bodies of ;~ San
Francisco, carrying "business > men ~ only, :' will
leave ' Market-st. : Ferry at ' 8 :30 ¦ p." m.; May S,
via. the Santa Fe. ; Rate of • one: fare '"for the
round. trip has, been made and parties* desiring
to Join this party should make f arrangements
at once.' The train will go .via the Santa Fe and
return via' the S. 1 ; P.,' T thus touching all'lmpor-
tant.points in the San Joaquln. Valley. Vltiner-*
ary and other information at Santa :Fe Ticket
Office, 641 Market st. .
Business Hen's Excursion.
.WASHINGTON, ". - May ,„ 4.— First Post
master; General Wynne. to-night received
the.first word; that has come to this coun
try; direct from any; of the officers of the
United • States ; ship . Chicago, arrested in
Venice.' It; was from. his son Frank, \who
is I captain of marines on the Chicago, i and
was , in response : to * cablegrams ; sent .when
the- first news of ;the, affair reached this
countryrand , evidently .was , dispatched- at
the -first' oportunity Captain Wynne had ;
for; communication - ; with^ his " home • folks, j
The cablegram stated that the sender had
defended a, brother. offlcer: from an* attack
by a mob and that there was no occasion
i, ~l or,worry. : , . . .
Captain. '.Wynne Sends Explanation,^
Senator Lodge, chairman of the Com
mittee- on . the Philippines, will open for
them with a speech in support of the ad
ministration's Philippine policy/ with in
cidental: .reference to Major- Gardener's
report and other special' phases of the
Philippine question. Other Republican
Senators who have indicated a purpose
' to address the Senate on , the pending
question are Foraker,< Spooner, Burton,
McComas and Platt of Connecticut.
There nrobably also will be" other Re
publican speakers. . The Democratic mem
bers of the Committee on the Philippines
have • no fixed plans - except to have- the
debate on the bill" continue for the pres
- ent. They decline to estimate • the time
necessary to conclude consideration of
the bill. .
Democrats of the necessity, of supplying
all the speakers sin the Senate on the
present Philippine government, bill. The
events of last week caused them . to de
cide to take part- in the debate, and they
will lead off when the bill shall be laid
before the- Senate at 2 o'clock to-mor
row.
The peeresses are in- consternation. VAc- 1
cording to the present arrangements the
latest hour at which they will be admitted
to Westminster Abbey on coronation day
will be 8:30 a. m., while they; are advised
to be present at 8 o'clock. The calculation
is made that, in order- to; : adjust their
robes and prepare other, details the peer
esses will be obliged to rise long before
the sun > is < up on the day the King . is
crowned; and,-; even then, as the West
minster Gazette says, not all, the artists
of Paris and London will be equal to the
emergency.- • - ;
Arrangements -are pending by '-, which
those who are to be present at the coro
nation will have a short Interval for re
freshments. This will be done by the es
tablishment of a lunch room in one of the
ancient cloisters. Even at the Abbey cer
emony, the service will be very long' and
it is considered , essential that the party
and the guests . should have some handy
place where v the pangs of, hunger and ex
haustion may be "allayed. . ;
LONDON, May 4.— King Edward) dur
ing last week, paid a private visit to
Westminster Abbey, which is now almost
hidden from sight by the hideous scaffold
ing of the encircling "stands. The King
minutely inspected the arrangements,' ex
pressed satisfaction at them and congrat
ulated the Duke of Norfolk, the heredit
ary Earl Marshal -and Chief Butler^, of
England, on the. way in which the work
had been executed. .
-'-. Bradley; in behalf of : himself and Gib
bons, firmly denies that they are here for
any such purpose, but the potash syndi
cate people of. Stassfurt have, been in
formed that they are. .
The ownership of the syndicate proper-"
ties is widely distributed and buying con
trol of the; properties is likely to require
months and capital - exceeding' $50,000,000.
The only, thing which may - ¦¦¦ cause :¦» the
Americans' -withdrawal from the attempt
is ¦: that some r of the 'properties i operated
by; the syndicate belong to the -Prussian
treasury, -which Is also the owner of large
unworked properties. . : The Americans
must secure a lease of these . for long
terms if they -.wish* to/dominate the in
dustry. ; : 'i /
BERLIN, May '4.— John D. Rockefeller,
it -Is /understood, Is i behind the "Virginia-
North Carolina Chemical Company's . de
signs oh the German potash fields. "While
S. .T. Morgan, C. : D. . Crenshaw and E. C.
Sputsbury are the only Americans taking
part, In the' conferences .which are being
held daily, at. the Hotel .Bristol with the
members of the German potash syndicate,
Peter B. Bradley and S. F.'< Gibbons, rep
resenting Rockefeller, are at: the same
hotel waiting for the outcome of the nego
tiations and prepared to finance the proj
ect. • ' Hiiiy'ii i in»"» | ijii'ii^ninfiii>n>wimi'iniii!
POTASH FIELDS
LURE CAPITAL
Continued From Page One. N
CAPTURETHESULTAN'S STRONGHOLD
At the Meyer residence it was said that
Meyer had been In and out all day and
that no atempt had been made to serve
an order of arrest on him. Meyer, the in
formant said, would not try to escape the
service of any order that might be. issued
against him and ; would beat his office
to-morrow.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Very little in the
Eo-called Webb-Meyer syndicate matter
came to the surface to-day. A. L. Meyer
was at his residence during the delivery.
G. Crelghton Webb, brother of Dr. W.
Seward Webb, went to the house to
night, remained an hour and left with
Henry L. Sprague, attorney' for Dr.
Webb. When questioned Webb said that
he had stopped for Sprague, who, he
thought, had been in consultation with
Meyer. He also said that Webb was on
his way to New York from his place in
Vermont, and that. he would arrive here
at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning, at which
time a statement would be given out.
Participants in the New York Syn-
dicate Case Need Time to
. Make Statement.
MEYER NOT XTNWTLMM-G
V;' TO SUBMIT TO ARREST
Railroad to Extend Its Line.
BUTTE, May 4.— A special to the Min^.
from Livingston says that the Northern
Pacific Railroad will extend Its line from
Cinnabar to Gardener. Gardener is sit
uated on the north boundary line of
the National Park, and with the comple
tion of the railway the route from the
terminal of the Northern Pacific to Mam
moth Hot Springs will be shortened and
a stage ride of more than four miles
through an uninteresting part of thp val
ley will be avoided. It will become the
distribution point o£ not only the park
but for a rich mineral district. Including
mines at Cook City and Jardine. Con
structlon will be commenced at once.
Glass Works Property Burned.
WHEELING. W. Va.. March 4.— Fire
to-night at Wellsburg, Va., destroyed the
decorating and packing departments of
the Eagle Glass Works, owned by Paul
Bros. The 'loss is $75,000 to $100,000.
LONDON, May 4.— The hopes of the
philatelists of a special coronation stamp
have been dashed by the announcement
that the British Postmaster General does
not intend to either print a coronation set
or issue a special stamp for common use
in the United Kingdom and the colonies,
but will adhere to the regular penny pos
tal rate. The plan for a common stamp
has been discussed, but It is not consid
ered desirable.
King Desires No New Stamps.
Schley Visits Lookout Mountain.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., May 4.—Ad
miral Schley spent three hours on Look
out Mountain this morning, accompanied
by General Boynton and others. The mili
tary movements about Chattanooga dur
ing the civil war were described to the
admiral. Returning to the city. Admiral
Schley was driven to Missionary Ridge In'
a carriage and from a tower viewed the
scenery.
KING'S ORDERS
STARTLE LADIES
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Club wo
men strayed from the day-of
rest tradition to-day. Mrs. Lowe
led on" by going to /a dinner
party at noon, driving to the
Country Club, where golf rules even on
Sunday, stopping at the garden party at
Mitchell's country place, and calling on
Mrs. Charlotte Severance, the aged moth
er of California clubs. ' Mrs. Dennison
started early to see Pasadena and dine
with friends. Mrs. Sarah Platt Decker
went to Santa Monica beach, where 'Mrs.
Cynthia Westover Alden and the Sun
shine Society held an all-day reception, j
Mrs. Bookwalter took in two receptions,
while almost every visitor went a-pleasur
ing some time during the day." There were
tally-ho rides, trips up Mount Lowe and
other outing events. Mrs. Robert- Bur
dette Is about the only prominent club
woman who observed the day, and she
attended the service conducted by her dis
tinguished husband. •
There was a decided change in the po
litical situation to-day and for the first
time things are really interesting. The
ardent admirers of Mrs. Decker, being,
displeased at Mrs. Dennison's presiding at
one of the sessions, have gathered their
forces, and, notwithstanding, that. Mrs.
Decker reiterates every hour In the day
that she is not a candidate and that Mrs.
Dennison should be, elected, have ar
ranged that when Mrs. Decker appears on
the programme on Tuesday she shall be
given a rousing start toward the presi
dential chair. At Mrs. Decker's request,
Colorado ha3 been quiescent in this mat
ter, but it Is said that/representatives of
The attitude of the board of directors
toward the color question, though sup
posed to be strictly secret, has leaked out.
The board has decided not ' to take the
color question from the table, and, If it
come up before the convention, it will be
as an independent, motion. This • attitude
COLOR LINE BUGABOO.
The nominating committee will meet on
Tuesday afternoon and, in the meantime,
Mrs. Dennison Is to be on trial again a3
a presiding officer. ;/. ¦ V
When Mrs. Decker is Questioned as to
what she would do If the Dennison forces
were scattered, she has given the most
beautifully elusive- answers that ever
came from -the mouth of woman, but to
the credit of Mrs. Decker It may be said
she has kept herself In. the. background —
not even Bitting on the platform— in order
not to injure Mrs. Dennison's chances.
No, for it would not be fair to my friends.
I am the sort of candidate who has not pushed
herself Into the race, but having been sup
ported by my . friends, ¦ I cannot withdraw. At
the same time, if I should be called upon to
throw • my support anywhere. If would be to
Mrs. Decker rather than to Mrs. Burdette/ for
the sole reason that the former has had train
ing on the board.
When Mrs. Dennison was asked this aft-"
ernoon if she would withdraw in favor
of the Colorado woman, she replied:
MRS. DENNISON'S STAND.
no less than nine States have told the
Colorado delegates they would support
Mrs. Decker. Among the number are
Ohio, Utah, Nebraska, Iowa and-Indlana.
It is believed, however,' by .those on the
Inside that this little boom will react In
favor of Mrs. Dennison and that the tick
et will be Dennison and Burdette.
BALTIMORE. May 4.— Mayor. Hayes to
day received a letter from George J.
Gould in which he places himself squarely
behind the Fuller syndicate and pledges
the faith of himself, the Wabash. Wheel-
Ing and Lake Erie and West Virginia Cen
tral mines to perform the things the Ful
ler syndicate has promised the people of
Baltimore, and which constitute the
grounds upon which they ask acceptance
of their bid for the city's interest in the
Western Maryland Railroad. The latter,
it is believed, will remove all objection to
the Fuller sale ordinance and It Is ex-,
pected that the second branch of the City
Council will pass the ordinance to-mor
row. It has already passed the first
branch. In his letter Gould says:
"Neither I nor my associated interests
have had any part in any purchases or
accumulations of Reading stock, and the
newspaper reports referred to are wholly
erroneous. My own attitude and that of
the Wabash company to the proposed
purchase of the Western Maryland Rail
road is as stated by Mr. Ramsey, Colonel
Herrlck and Mr. Price, namely, that the
road Is desired, if it can be bought at the
price proposed, in order that it may be
used as an outlet, with sea terminal at
Ba-. more, of the American Steam Packet
Company, and the North German Lloyd
line has been generally interpreted as ad
vantageous to the German lines, insuring
fair and regular earnings in the years to
come. The speculative element, however,
wholly ignores the agreement between the
German lines and the shipping combine
as a factor in the situation, and is in
clined to distrust the compact with the
Americans. \ fe : .¦:•, /: :tV.
more Project Contains Nothing
but Worthy Purposes.
Millionaire Declares That the Balti-
GEORGE GOULD SAYS
SYNDICATE MEANS WELL
There is -beginning to be a bit of talk
about the city that will capture the next
biennial, and so far Minneapolis seems to
be in the lead. . . . •
There were enough delegates sufficiently
possessed of the Sunday spirit to attend
a few meetings arranged for them in the
afternoon and evening. Mrs. May Alden
Ward of Boston spoke in one church;
Mrs.** Robert .Burdette presided over an
other meeting, with Mrs. Florence Kelly
and Mrs. Cynthia Westover Alden of
New York "as speakers, while both Jane-
Addams of Hull House, Chicago, and
Mrs.* Kelly filled afternoon engagements,
the latter - appearing^at . one ' of a social
nature, which had as its end the forma
tion of a consumers' league.
Social t affairs predominated during the
day, however. The most important was
the garden party given at the Mitchell
country place in honor of the visiting
press women,: but which was also attend
ed by. officers and other ¦.{ distinguished
clubwomen. There were music and re
freshments. Mrs. Burdette,' who would
have improved the day of intermission to
openr"Sunny Crest," her beautiful Pasa
dena'home, had it not been Sunday, will
keep 'open house on Friday to visitors,
this being the day following the conven
tion and' the time set aside as "Pasadena
oay," when the -residents of the city only
ten miles away will treat the delegates to
a drive and a luncheon.
SABBATH DAY MEETINGS.
A New Jersey delegate has the start,
ling information, -discovered by Judge J.
B. Dill, the famous corporation attorney
of New York, that the present charter
obtained by the General Federation un
der the laws of New Jersey thirteen years
ago was obtained under the act providing
for charity and philanthropy instead of
clubs and societies; so the General Fed
eration is, by mistake, acting under a
charter which privileges them only , to
look after Indigent widows, establish mis
sion Sunday schools and bury their dead.
be precipitated . at the business session
to-morrow morning, but, at any rate,"
when. 'Mrs. Mary Lockwood. makes her
report aa chairman of the committee on
relncorporatlon there promises to be more
troubles than those enumerated yester
day. : • . ¦
BUFFALO, N. Y., May 4.— The "Wells
elevator, situated on Buffalo River, at the
foot of Indiana street, was destroyed by
fire at midnight. A large quantity of
grain has been placed in the elevator dur
ing the past week and the loss on the
building contents 13 estimated at $225,000.
. The fire was preceded", by ¦ a loud explo
sion and the flames burst through the ro<£
on two sides of the building. Before the
first of the fire fighting apparatus arrived,
the whole top of the elevator waa on fire.
A general alarm was sent In and the two
fire tugs in the harbor threw streams of
water from the river side of the building.
It soon became evident that there was no
chance of saving the Wells elevator and
the firemen turned their attention to. sur
rounding property. The total loss Is
$275,000. • . \
Buffalo Blaze.
Thousand Dollars Lost in
BIG GRAIN ELEVATOR
DESTROYED BY FTR3
Two Hundred and Seventy-Flva
NEW YORK, May 4.— Over 400 kosher
butchers, members of the craft, met to
day to consider the high prices of meats.
A proposition received with much favor
was to close the butcher shops entirely
during the prevalence of high prices. An
other equally well received proposition
was to establish one"' store in each block
and to have the butchers from other
stores work together. It was finally de
cided to place the matter in the hands of
a committee of thirty, to report at a
meeting to-morrow. The committee was
instructed to communicate with the Al
lied Butchers' Association of Greater
TCew York and endeavor to have them
send representatives to the meeting.
It was said at to-day's meeting that the
average sales of the kosher butchers in
ordinary times were 600,000 pounds a week,
but that at present the sales are barely
300,000 pounds. t ¦
Against the High Prices.
New York Dealers Take Action
KOSHER BUTCHERS ANGRY.
LONDON, May 4.— John Oliver Hobbes
(Mrs. Craigie) has been asked $o take up
the work of writing an authorized biog
raphy of Lord Beaconsfleld. She is at
present undecided. The task has long
been in Lord Rowton's hands. The re
quest made to Mrs. Craigie is chiefly due
to her notable appreciation of Lord Bea
confield in her "School for Saints." Lord
Rowton is recovering from a serious ill
ness. He -was at one time the Earl of
Beaconfield's private secretary.
Asked to Write of Disraeli.
The immigrant train was late out of
Cumberland and had been given time at
the telegraph offices along the line. It
was hauling ten coaches of Italian immi
grants. The fast freight, east-bound, was
hauling twenty-two carloads of mer
chandise. When the crash came the bag
gage car and three, coaches next ' were
almost . demolished. Almost every occu
pant was cut and bruised by the shower
of broken glass and a number were pin
ioned beneath the wreckage. Fire started
several times, but was extinguished be
fore any damage was done.
The fatally injured are: B. F. Small
wood, newsboy on the immigrant train;
Dominico Pedazhoi, Italian; W. H. Hen
sel, , brakeman. Forty-five Italian immi
grants, the majority of them men,' were
injured, but none of them seriously.
NICOLI SAKIEI.
Suffer.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., May" 4.— Two
persons were killed and forty-five in
jured, three fatally, in a head-on collision
between an immigrant train and a fast
freight near Rockwood, on the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad to-day. The dead are
two Italian immigrants:
A. D. VENTURRE.
Injured and Many Others
Two Lives Lost, Three Men Fatally
IMMIGRANTS ABE KILLED
IN A TRAIN COLLISION
Hawley and Farrar grappled with him,
but in spite of all they could do Aldrich
succeeded in pointing the revolver at
Hawley's back and fired, inflicting a pain
ful wound. Then Aldrich tossed Farrar
btck arid quickly barricaded himself.
Captain of Detectives Bradish was sum
moned. He sent Mrs. Langston Into the
room to Induce Aldrich to surrender. Aid
rich refused, and after the woman had
emerged from the room Aldrich sent a
bullet at random through the door sepa
rating him from Bradish.
WOUNDED BY DETECTIVE.
Bradish fired In return, his bullet pass-
Ing through the door and entering Aid
rich's abdomen. Aldrich replied with sev
eral rifle shots through a glass pane in
the door, but nobody was hit by his aim
less shots.
A wagonload of police • then appeared,
and it was while they were preparing to
attack the room in which Aldrich was
fortified that the final scene was enacted
and Aldrich fired the fatal shot. He died
while he was being removed from the
room on a stretcher.
CHICAGO. 'May 4.— Dr. Ellerton W.
Aldrich, who according to a dispatch
from Los Angeles killed himself to es
cape arrest in that city, is not known by
the local police or detective agencies. The
dispatch said Aldrich was wanted in Chi
cago for perjury and bigamy, but the po
lice claim they never heard of him.
Detective Farrar arrived in Los An-
Keles yesterday morning and obtained the
help of local officers to make the arrest.
He and Hawley went to the Savoy, and
placing themselves in a room with Aid
rich, who was of gigantic stature, they
proceeded to read the warrant and ex
tradition papers. They had read about
half way through when Aldrich sudden
ly sprang into the next room and seized a
revolver. v . -*¦
BATTLE IN THE SAVOY.
After obtaining the divorce. Dr. Aldrich
shaved off his whiskers and returned to
Dallas, coming west later with a Mrs.
Lan^ston. They arrived in Los Angeles
about a year ago. and it is said that Aid
rich is the real owner of the Hotel Savoy
property, although 'it does not stand in
his name. He appears to have anticipat
ed trouble, and arter establishing himself
in a suite of eight rooms and entering
upon his practice, he converted his of
fices into a veritable arsenal.
For nearly fifteen years Aldrich was an
advertising doctor at Dallas, Texas. He
amassed a fortune estimated at nearly
$100,000. In ISsaa he married Miss Leonora
Aldridge and in the following year he
•went to Chicago, obtaining a divorce from
her on the grounds of desertion seven or
eight days after his arrival. In tiling his
papers for divorce he alleged that he had
been a resident of Chicago at least two
j'ears and that he had married in 1S36.
When this falsehood was laid before the
Cook County Grand Jury, his indictment
followed.
Winchester rine toward his head and
pulled the trigger with his toe. The bul
let entered the nose and ranged upward
in the brain. Then the police forced their
way into his room and found him dying
on the floor. Even at the end Aldricn
vainly tried to reach a revolver which
was lying on the floor, but was restrained
by a policeman, who seized him by the
hair and imiled him out of reach of the
weapon.
After a parley, in which he reiterated
his determination not to be taken alive,
Aldrich deliberately drew a slipper from
his right foot, turned the muzzle of a.
IX)S ANGELES, May 4.— Rendered des
perate by the thought that a term in the
Illinois penitentiary awaited him. Dr. El
lerton W. Aldrich this afternoon engaged
In battle with arresting officers in his
quarters in the Hotel Savoy. After shoot
ing and seriously wounding* Detective
Hawley he threw Detective William R.
Farrar of Chicago to one side and then
retiring to an inner room held a force of
city police at bay for nearly a half hour.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hesists Arrest on a Chicago Indict
ment Charging Him With Per
jury in^ a Divorce
„ , Complaint.
Dr. E_W. Aldrich Kills Him
self After -Wounding an
Officer.
MONTROSE, Colo., May 4.— The Mon
trose Cattle and Horse Growers' Associa
tion at its . annual meeting in this city
adopted resolutions declaring that the al
leged combination of packers to control
prices of beef has been working In the
interest of stock growers and that pres
ent prices of meats. are only sufficient to
give the growers a fair profit and appeal
ing to press and public to cease aggres
sive action to -break up the alleged com
bination. . ¦>
It is altogether probable that Judge Day
will also go to that city to continue as
special counsel for the Government in the
case against the trust. The Government
is proceeding with unusual care and mak
ing sure of its ground at every step. It
was said to-night that District Attorney
Bethea had left Chicago for Washington
and New York in connection with the beef
trust suit, but it can b& stated on author
ity that he has only gone for a day or
two to meet some engagement and will re
turn to his office to-morrow.
Appreciating the importance of quick
and decisive action, it was deemed best
to lose no time *and hold a preliminary
consultation on the bill, notwithstanding
the fact that it was Sunday. This was
the first meeting of the Attorney General
and Judge Day since the latter's return
from Chicago last night.
The bill, which was drawn in Chicago by
District Attorney Bethea and Day, was
laid before Knox and it was considered in
detail for some time. To-morrow it will
be considered by the President. The At
torney General approved all that has been
done bv the officers of the department in
Chicago. He may decide to make some
verbal changes In the bill, as it is to be
filed in his name, but the document in
general meets his views and is also
thought to conform in all its details to the
wishes of the President. When the final
revision is made it will be sent to Chicago
and tiled at' once.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W.,
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Attorney Gen
eral Knox had a long conference to-day
with former Judge William A. Day, over
the Government's legal proceedings
against the beef trust, thus setting at rest
all rumors that there was to be delay In
the filing of the bill fcr an injunction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This is a conservative diagnosis of three
desperate cases in the United States Sen
ate, the bills which must be passed before
the Republican party can go to the coun
try in the. general elections next- fall with
any hope of success. The situation has
brought alarm to President Roosevelt.
and from his warning and an unmistak- x
able hint that it is time for the Republi
can Senators to get together and do some
thing for the party and Administration,
it has brought back to town Senator Aid
rich in somewhat of a panic.
The majority party in the Sen
ate is in quite as bad a way
as the Henderson - Payne - Grosvenor
combination in the House. -This is
due. not so much to bad manage
ment, as. to lack of management, added
to the very aggressive and at times clev
er opposition. Nothing but a very stren
uous and heroic application of electricity
from the White House can bring Cuban
reciprocity back to -life.
The canal situation is now giving the
Administration almost as . much
alarm as Cuban reciprocity, for
it knows full well that' the peo
ple of this country demand the canal
and at once. They know, that the Hep
burn bill means a canal, while pressure
in behalf of the Panama route only means
delay and possibly defeat for any Ameri
can waterway. In this matter the major
ity in the Senate is at the mercy of the
Democrats, for the vote on the canal de
pends entirely on the time when the vote
is allowed by the minority on the Philip
pine bill. While • the Democrats are in
favor of the Nicarague canal, they would
be glad of an adjournment without a
vote, for they know It would put the Re
publicans at a great disadvantage in the
elections. - .
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. "W.,
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Cuban reciproc
ity dead, Nicaragua canal dying; Philip
pine government bill In a critical condi
tion. ; . ;•<¦:? ¦ - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Senator Mc-
Laurin of South Carolina has Issued an
appeal to the people of his State, In which
he recites the history of the breach be
tween himself and his party associate,
growing out of his attitude on the tariff
and Spanish war questions. He continues:
•^.ast summer, recognizing my responsi
bility to the people, there being no cam
paign In the State, I announced my in
tention of going before them for the pur»
pose of discussing these national Issues.
1 was immediately and violently assailed
for advocating Republican doctrines and
branded as a Republican in Democratic
disguise. The State Democratic Execu
tive Committee met, and at the dictation
of my colleague in the Senate formally
declared that I was not a Democrat,
which formed the basis for similar action
on the part of the Democratic caucus of
the United States Senate. Since that time
the war against me has been persistently
waged. The policy of my opponents haa
been to belittle the real issues into a per
sonal quarrel between Tillman and Mc-
Laurin.' This issue I am not willing to
accept, as I do not propose to be influ
enced in may public course by personal
spleen or petty jealousy.
"Now the proposition of my political
enemies is to exclude me from the pri
maries as a candidate and to exclude all
candidates for office who entertain my
views and thus prevent the people from
hearing me and from, hearing • them^ In
justification of my course and in advo
cacy of the absorbing public measures
now confronting the American people. I
am absolutely convinced and forewarned
of this purpose to exclude me and my
friends, because I have read the speech
of Senator Tillman, acknowledged dicta
tor of the Democratic machine of South
Carolina, delivered at Manning, in which
he directs a revision of the rules and form
of oath of the party for the purpose of
excluding myself and friends from par
ticipation in the primary.
"It is a matter of no concern - to ma
what may be the action of the May con
vention as to the rules of the primary
and a revision of its pledges. The sup
pression of free speech and independenca
of . action in voting by such means ren
ders it impossible for any self-respecting
citizen holding my views to become a
candidate in the Democratic primary In
South Carolina. I realize that many of
my loyal friends would even once ' more
hold In check their resolution not to again
enter our system of primary elections in
order to again vote for me, but I have
reached the point where I will not subject
them to subscribing to an oath to sup
port men and measures which do not rep
resent their views upon the issues facing
the American people to-day." £f39[
Declares Colleague Is Trying
to Keep Him From
Primaries.
Suicide Closes Battle
With Los Angeles
Detectives.
Party and Administration Re
quire Early and Lively
Work.
Federal Action for Iojuuction
to Be Ordered at
Once.
has Induced Georgia to be a bit more ag
gressive j and i this ¦ morning, after the
Southern States hadcaucused. and decided
to stand. shoulder to shoulder in their de
cision not to countenance colored clubs,
every delegate found in her mail box a big
; circular headed, "Suggestions from Geor
gia, to "the* Delegates.',' ; The •. circular con
stained" c the 1 compromise ¦- amendments
-.knownlas the New York = compromise and
; these statements: . : .- .;_, -
¦ Reorganization does not solve the color ques
tion.. -¦.,:- : ¦ ;'¦ ¦ ¦:".-'
\ If the first set of amendments (sections 1, 4,
1 10) ¦ U adopted, there will be no bar to the ad
mission- of unwelcome clubs.
States now have rights in being able to re
ceive whatever clubs .they choose to their own
fecUratlon. • ¦• . •" ¦ '"¦: ¦'.."¦¦'. •
This circular is signed by Mrs. T. Lind
say Johnston," Mrs. O. :O. Granger and
Mrs. W. - P. Patillo, prominent Georgia
women. • - >>¦ ¦
It is not certain the color question 'will
mands That Bills .
Be Acted On.
President- Roosevelt De-
Attorney General Con
sults About Beef
Trust Bill.
South Carolina Senator
Sends Appeal to
the People.
ENDS LIFE
TO ESCAPE
LAW'S NET
SLOW SENATORS
EXCITE ALARM
M'LAURIN HITS
AT TILLMAN
KNOX INTENDS
NO LONG DELAY
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CAI^L, MONDAY, MAY 5, 1902.-
General Federation Politics Unexpectedly Grows -Exciting Through
the Development of Strong Opposition to Mrs. Dennison, and
the Color' Question G:iyes* Promise of Proying : Troublesome
CLUB WOMEN SPENDS SABBATH
IN WHIRL OF SOCIAL EVENTS
3
. A' car-load ; o«j Call Superior
Atlases arrived yesterday and
are^noW" ready tor \ distribu-
tion. All subscribers to ; The
Call arc entitled to a- copy, of
this grreat book at ithe^ prem-
ium rate ]of ?1 >50. V. Out "ot
tOTviTf subscribers ideslrlnjr Oa
copy;, of tUls: splendid prem-
ium'. rvill . l»e mipplled on re-
ceipt of ?1 GO. All ranil
orders » will be snipped '. by ex-
press at ' subscriber's expense.
I 8I8-82O /AARKtT ST., 3AH FRANO5QO.
i A
S in Introducing our new department
| "we will offer extraordinary bargains
S iii ladies 5 hosierus
A A guaranteed stainless hos«. Sold elsewher* at 20c Our pries 10c
2 " Solid colors, openwork front. Sold elsewhere at iSe... .Our price 28«
q- Fancy stripe*. Sold elsewhere at 50c.......... Our price 28c,
I NOVELTY BELTS.
2 Imitation cut or beaded, 2 In. wide. Sold elsewhere at 75c Our price 44o»
S Silk Belt Jet Beads. " Sold elsewhere at 75c.. .Our price 50O
S Silk Belt Jet Beads. V front. Sold elsewhere at $1.00 Our price SOo
2 Black and "White Steel Beads. Sold elsewhere at $1.00.... .....'.Our price SOo
I PHOTOGRAPH FRAMES. PING PONG OR TABLE
I J *l£^^ TENNIS.
••- latures. card and cabinet sizes, from- "We have it for the following .prtcea:
O lt)e to $2.00 each. - f. 5Oc. -ftl.OO. ?1«"»O. f2.0O. $2.50.
Q A new Idea In framing:, new effects in . f?3..%0. $5.OO, .flT.oO. Parchment.
_ ¦ Gilt, Ebony, Mahogany • - and Apple „ sheepskin, wood or rubber * rackets.
¦•: ' Green Bronze. - A special frame at the -
O special price of SOc each.
| — - STATIONERY.
q; TRUNKS." a new line. of Box Papetrtes, In all the
© A large variety of Trunks from $2.50 , „ '* ** "f^,, 25 *!, ¦ , K , , «
A - up. Canvas Telescopes and Suit Casea. Children's .Papetries In 8 colors. 15o
A Satchel and Telescope Baskets. e»«n. or 2 for -5c. , . ,.
JZ -: ¦ - ' ¦ ' A fall line of Memorandum. Blank or
5J - • ***¦*¦* ¦,-. r T-*.i-r-*..r- ¦ Address Booka. - Engagement andVls-'
• SOUVENIRS. !tmg L!.t Books.
• - ' ' _> '^-' .¦'-"--' Our pound package of paper In Linen.
©. San Francisco View Books, Maps, Guides, t - Vellum or Satin - Finished, ruled or
a Orange ;"Wood - Placques and Novelties. ' plain," cannot be 'duplicated anywhera
2 American ¦ and ¦ foreign' Stereoscopic else for 50c. Our price 25c.
2'"' Views,- 5c each. -. . "--.¦¦
8 % CAMPmG*0UTlNGGa0DS LEADER GOODS.
© ; Hammocks. from 65c to'$5.OO. Croquet A new : combination pocketbook with 'all- *
a Sets, ¦_ 75c to 915.OO. .. Folding ' Camp , ver corners. 25e. '
2 Stools, Camp Chairs, . Lawn , Chairs, r All the new • styles "¦ In \Vrlat Pursos.
2J Canvas and "Wire Cots, Folding Tables, Chatelaine Bags. Boston Bags, Dress
© Tents, etc.* ' • ' . •• Suit Cases and Valises. ' ..
'•-""¦¦ ' " : - ¦ : ' ¦" ¦ ' '¦' • ' ' : ' £^iL
ITEW ADVERTISEBIEirrS.
A SIMPLE QDESTil
San Francisco People Are Requested
to Honestly Answer This.
Is not the word of a representative cit-
izen of San Francisco more convincing
than the doubtful utterances of people
living everywhere else in the Union?
Read this:
Mauris Kuttner of the Eastern Pleat-
ing Co., 131 Post street, residence W)S
Geary street, the proprietor of the only
establishment of its kind west of Chicago,
says: "For twelve years attacks of back-
ache were either coming on mysteriously
or leaving just as mysteriously, caus-
ing more Buffering than the ordinary man
Is entitled to endure. When in this con-
dition I sent East for remedies, tried
plasters and ordinary makeshifts, but I
never obtained any permanent result. I
honestly think after the use of Doan's
Kidney Pills for three days I felt better,
at all events, a continuation of the treat-
ment stopped the last attack. I have
more than once intended to write the
manufacturers of Doan's Kidney Pills
and tell them about the benefits I receiv-
ed. l\o one In San Francisco at all trou-
bled with backache need be the least
dubious about going to the No Percentage
drug store, S43. Market street, for Doans
Kidney Pills. That remedy can be de-
pended upon to do Its work thoroughly."
. For sale by all dealers. Price, 60 cents.
Foster-MIlbum Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no substitute.
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
_t « 32 or 38 Caliber, $3.73.
51 P Vll § VP I CO - Saa Francisco.
I\W V l/ii V Wi Guns - Fishing- Tackle
&nd Hportlnjj Good*.
Send for Catalogue.
Thin Eignator* is on every box cf the genn!n«
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* .
(k/ remedy thai cores a cold Ik «n« Onj.MODESTO NEWS (DEJI.):
It la stated upon reliable authority ' that
Governor Gage endeavored to inject himself
Into the strike situation In San Francisco last
week, hla effort being a complete failure,
neither side seemingly being willing: to have
anything to do with the Governor, and his ap
pearance being viewed as an unwarranted in
trusion of a mere politician seeking to make
political capital.
It is stated that when the strike was at Its
highest tension and settlement seemed problem
atical, the Governor made his appearance in
the metropolis very early one morning unex
pectedly and unheralded, and registered at a
prominent hotel. Soon after his arrival In ths
city he sent word to the parties to the strtka
apprising them that he was in the city and
tendered his services with a view to a settle
ment of the strike and Intimated that he was
willing to serve in any capacity, and that If
his services were desired, he would devote his
entire energies to tho matter and seek for an
adjustment or settlement of the differences ex
isting between the United Railroads and th»
striking carmen. The Governor's message waa
rent to both parties to the strike. In a short
time an answer was returned to the Governor
which caused him to l&ve for Sacramento a'
once. Tho reply was elegantly phrased but
none the less pointed. The Governor was told
that his good intentions were appreciated that
his services were not required and that "Ma
presence if. anything, was a source of irrita
tion." It Is not to b« wondered at that after
receiving such- a rejoinder the Governor re
turned to the State CaDltol. . u ««ior re-
It is very evident that the Governor' ¦ spec
tacular performance In tha teamster's strike
of last year Is not yet forgotten— a perform!
ance which left th« laboring men hhh Ti
to them— and that there are some people who
know the Governor and who place no fattiT \\,
his pretentions to disinterested motive
Mayor Schmitz, the labor leaders and th*
car companies settled the strike without th*
assistance of Governor Gage, and the strike
is settled in favor of the employed. How dif
fcrent the so-called settlement made by Ga«a
last year. The best feature of the strike I*
that E. P. Vinlng. the unpopular manager ol
tho car line system, is to be removed
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a*
Prunes stuffed with aprtcots.Townsend's.*
The man who kicks himself for havlnsr
made a fool of himself only adds innirv
to the insult. . "j"*jr
Townsend's California glace fruit, 60c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel bulldlSl^
Mlquel, the late German Minister nt
Finance, was frequently represented In
the comic papers as a sort of octomVJ
holding iri one arm a hlg money basr and
trying, with , a hundred other arms to
grab all the gold that was not yet la
that bag.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public. men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main 1042. •
tf Going to Thunder Motmtaln f ?
•i!?t W f ° r extracts »» important, but
nett «\ anuu ccwta more became if. worth mom
Once when Moses was away" from the camp for
forty days Aaron got the Israelites to bring him their
golden ornaments, and out , of them he fashioned a
golden calf and said to the people, "These.: be thy
gods, O Israel." . While the people were worship
ing the calf Moses came down from the mountain
and in a blaze of wrath invoked a direful punishment
upon the idolators, whereupon the eloquent J Aaron
promptly went over to the winning, side^ laid the
blame ; on the people • and got off scot free. , Doubt
less the new Aaron is capable of playing the ; same
game, and will be quick to play - it whenever an' op
portunity occurs. Very easy will it be for the- much
talking one to shift the blame whenever he has set
the camp to worshiping false; gods. As an Aaron,
therefore, Bryan may be more successful than as a
Moses, - but he will continue . to be . about' as nurtful
to his party and to* the; politics of the country. '
COLONEL WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN
of Nebraska, accompanied by Governor Wil
liam S. Jennings of Florida, has been over,
to Alabama to attend a "Bimetallic Banquet"
at Birmingham., The reports of the- event are- silent
as to. the menu and to the kind of bimetallism that
is still, being fed and feasted in that neck of the
woods; they inform the world that the 'Colonel "in
timated" he would not again be a candidate for the
Presidency. He told the feasters he is quite willing
to have some other man undertake the role of Moses
to lead the . bimetallists 'out of the wilderness and
across the deserts, and for himself asks no more than
the. role of Aaron. Now it will be remembered that
Aaron was an eloquent man who did the talking
while Moses did the work, and that at,times he got
Mbses and the children of Israel into a great deal of
trouble. , ~ . ,
As a, rule the Aaron of old was content to speak
the things that Moses told him to /speak, -but Mr.
Bryan is not that kind of an Aaron. In a recent
issue of the Commoner he exhorted, the Democrats
to beware of reorganizers and to permit no gold man
who bolted the Chicago platform ; to be a candidate
for any; office on the Democratic ticket. Thus the
new Aaron assumes to himself the right of saying
whom the"new Moses shall be and what the new
Moses shall teach and practice. ¦'¦¦'-¦¦¦>¦
BRYAN AS AN AARON.
.That: the reception given to the delegation;, ap
pointed by President 7 Loubet to represent France
So far as official rank, public service and personal
merit go the chief of the French delegation is far
superior to Henry, for while Henry is -hardly any
thing more than ' the brother, of the German Em
peror, the French delegation is to be headed by the
Commander in Chief of the armies of France, an
officer 'who has rendered important- service to his
country and has risen to his high position by per
sonal merit. Moreover, while Henry came here
merely to launch^ a pleasure yacht, the Frenchmen
come in response r to an invitation to^ take: part in a
great state ceremonial.
The discussion was not important, but at the time
it was interesting and some of the interest still sur
vives. It seemed as if there would never be any way
of deciding which of the contending parties - was
right, but now an opportunity for reaching a de
cision, is offered us. We are to have a test case on
a large scale. President Loubet, in response to an
official invitation from Congress and the President
of the United States, is to send to this country a
representative of France to attend the ceremony of
unveiling at Washington a bronze statue of Count
de Rochambeau, which has been erected to com
memorate the aid given by France to the American
colonies at the time of the war for independence.
When the representatives arrive they will be in the
fullest sense the ; guests of the nation, and\by noting
how much of a, reception is given to them we shall
be able to arrive at affair estimate of how much of
the fervor shown for Henry was ,due to the fact that
he represented royalty as well as Germany.-
WHEN Prince Henry was in this country
there was z somewhat heated (discussion
concerning the motives of the immense
crowds that followed him and occasionally carried
hospitality to the limit of extravagance. It was as
serted on the one side that the spirit that dominated
most of 'the thousands who wrangled for precedence
at the receptions was that of an obsequious rever
ence for royalty, that the words of welcome were
tainted with adulation, and that the whole thing was
a display of a courtier feeling unworthy of America.
On the other side it was asserted that the motives
were patriotic and commendable; the spirit that of a
genuine American hospitality showing respect for
the representative of a great and friendly nation.
Henry's royalty, it was said, had nothing to do with
the matter. He was welcomed solely as the repre
sentative of Germany.
We do not see where Governor Gage is going
to make any hay in the carmen's strike. There
has not been a place anywhere as yet for him
to swing his scythe In. Mayor Schmitz is the
chief mower so far. It was a thoughtful stroke
on his part to set the place of conference at his
office. But it was exalted wisdom for him to
advise the strikers to go to the struck, when
the latter refused to meet the former on neutral
ground. In fact, the Mayor's office has not
shone with greater luster In very many years
through a municipal ruction than It is shining
at this very time.
ALAMEDA ARGUS:
*A TEST OASE.
.Philadelphia is reputed to be a slow city, but the
Charleston people say ,she has made a bigger record
at the exposition than any other in America, and it is
expected she will get her reward in the form of a lot
of trade that has hitherto been something like a
monopoly for; New York. (
our products, and if it continues during the coming
year we shall move our now-promised large crops
with no difficulty and furthermore ¦¦ at satisfactory
prices. This outlook renders the whole State cheer
ful and sanguine, encourages newcomers to settle
down among us and acts as a fine tonic for general
trade. Taken as a whole this is one of the most
cheering and brilliant springs that the State has ever
experienced.
Here in California the flattering indications, pre
viously mentioned, still prevail. The crop prospects
could not be better, the outlook for fruit being espe
cially brilliant as far* as the size of the crop is con
cerned. An encouraging sign is the continued de
mand for farm products for all sorts of consumptive
points, extending from Europe ] to Asia, from the
West Coast to Alaska, from the central parts of the
United States to Australia, and so on! As far as
farm produce is concerned the Pacific Coast seems
to be like a great wheel, with spokes radiating in all
directions. There never has been such a demand. for
There was some excitement in Wall street at the
close of the week, occasioned by a temporary tight
ness of money, which caught some ambitious opera
tors napping and gave them a cautionary pinch to
remind them that care is necessary in Wall' street
operations, even in the best of times. The "general
list, however, was not materially affected beyond the
usual sympathetic swell and relapse whenever any
group, even of a minor class, gets caught by the
machinery belting and whirled around a few times.
The country's bank clearings continue to*show a
decrease from those of last year, the loss last week
being 15.3 per cent, though the aggregate clearings
were very large, exceeding $2,500,000,000, these fig
ures showing an immense volume of trade. About
half of the big cities, including New York and Bos
ton, exhibited a loss. The failures were 225, against
226 for. the corresponding week in 1901. There was
nothing particularly interesting in the great staples.
Iron and steel continued in active demand, structural
material in particular, though' a continued loss of 9.2
per cent in Pittsburg's bank clearings would indicate
a corresponding diminution in the trade at that cen
ter. Wool is quoted <Iull and weak at Eastern points,
owing to a decrease in the demand and labor trou
bles; but the New England boot and shoe factories
report a better feeling and more activity in their line,
with larger shipments, and increasing exports of
leather. Exports of wheat and flour from the coun
try at large during the week were liberal, but the
wheat market was unsettled, owing to the variable
weather. The crop is looking well everywhere ex
cept in Kansas and parts of Nebraska and Oklahoma,
and the railroads are expecting a good business
therefrom in the fall. They are doing very well even
now, as their earnings in April were 7.2 per cent
larger than in the same month last year.
GENERAL trade exhibited few new features
last week. More seasonable weather has
stimulated jobbing and retail distribution of
merchandise in most sections of the country, though
the conditions are not flattering in Kansas, Nebraska
and the Southwest, where prolonged dry weather and
dust storms have damaged the wheat crop and dis
couraged the farmer and merchant. The Northwest,
on the contrary, reports too much rain for operations
in spring wheat. All other parts of the country,
however, are sending in favorable reports, and the
general condition of business continues satisfactory.
Should the drought in the Southwest continue a few
weeks longer we may see a repetition of last year's
conditions, when the whole country from Nebraska
to Texas, inclusive, had to draw otj the Pacific Coast
and other favored sections for all sorts of produce,
from barley, oats, beans and potatoes, down to the
most perishable midsummer vegetables. It 'was in
•consequence a great year for the California farmer,
but death to his unfortunate brother in the South
west, which was the lamentable part of it.
BUSINESS LOOKS ROSY.
Under the provisions of the act municipal
ownership would go a-glimmering until it was
repealed. Corporate Influence will favor the
amendment and as it is not in the Interest of
the great body of producers of raw materials
in this State they should make it their business
to get a copy of the act, study it wall and sea
that it is killed so dead that it will never
bob up again.
It provides for five high-salaried commis
sioners, who are to have the power to appoint
and fix the salaries of subordinates, and may
travel at public expense as often as they
please, holding sessions in any town that suits
their convenience, and It also provides more
work than they could accomplish if they had
the • wisdom of Solomon and the powers of
working Incessantly night and day the year
around.
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 23
is one of those vicious pieces of legislation
which Governor Gage signed without reflecting
any credit upon himself. It bears tho ear
marks of the corporation lawyer that have be
come altogether too numerous in the Stata
Capitol. It was rushed through as a "Joke"
late at night at the tail end of the session,
and members, who voted for 'it unwittingly re
gret their haste and want to see it defeated.
SONOMA COUNTY FARMER:
The Register wants a Roosevelt Republican
in the gubernatorial chair of California, a maa
with an idea above the punishment of his po
litical enemies and the rewarding of his po
litical ' friends through a distribution of public
patronage, a man who can and ¦ will use tho
power his position affords to do -something for
the commonwealth. The Register would like
for Governor such a man aa Horace Davis, or
F. W. Dohrmann, or William H. Mills. Either
of these men would be an empire builder —
would count for something for the making of
a State and for the elevation of the political
tone of State politics. None of these being
available the Register favors' Dr. George C.
Pardee as having the best material in him of
any man so far mentioned for the nomination.
TTJLAEE REGISTER:
SANTA BABBARAINDEPEHDEUT:
Friends of Senator Thomas Flint who art*
most interested in his fight for the Republican
nomination for Governor claim that If the
State Convention wer« to be held to-morrow
Mr Gage could not muster sufficient strength
for a renomination.
. "An . indorsement . of the", administration of
Governor Gage ¦ went through as a matter of
course. It was expected that It would. . It is
hardly to be expected : that , a political party
will confess in • open convention the dissatis
faction which the- individual members feel.
• • * Gage, the man, is thoroughly un
popular - and . no resolution that can be passed
by any" convention can obscure th« fact."
LOS ANGELES TIMES:
¦•¦ Among the - many ' and serious blunders '¦ of
Governor . Gage's administration was that of
the Civil • Code . Commission. >¦ The - Idea I of .< a
commission to revise the TTlvil Code was all
right. * No ¦ fault' would have ¦¦ been found • or
need have been found with the establishment
Qf :¦ such a commission, ¦' if " it " had . been com
posed ;of/ capable, conscientious : men, s who
would have performed. the Important work in
trusted: to i them; In conformity to the require
ments of the constitution,' The revision of the
code Is , recognized by ¦ leading lawyers ¦ as * de
girable,, and ¦ even . necessary." - The blunder was
in : the j appointment I of incompetent persons to
perform ; the highly .' Important work of codify
ing the; laws of the State-. 'Governor Gage, < as
a lawyer, . should have : understood and should
have appreciated * the • necessity - for having ¦ a
work • of ¦¦¦ this character performed by men < of
recognized - eminence and standing In the le
gal profession. . ;: He should have -known . that
to commit ' the work ¦ to incompetent hands was
not ' ; only : a ; political , blunder, but : a ; gross in
justice to i the- people of . the entire State. ;
?. To ; argue : that* Governor Gage did - not know
these ¦ things • Is :, to < Impugn ¦. , his ' ability . as a
lawyer ; and s his sagacity as a man of affairs.
The • truth • of ; the • matter 1 undoubtedly ' Is that
while I Governor I Gage '.was | fully . aware of | the
importance \ of ' codifying our laws he was will
ing to. take the risk of sacrificing •- the ; people's
interests In this. matter in order that he might
place -upon the ! : Code ' Commission weak and
• The Gageites make much of that perfunctory,"
quite unavoidable indorsement of . the exist
ing State administration: To not have done
it would have been equivalent to a severe de
nunciation of it, an attitude the Republican
party as a .party, or as much of it as was
unofficially assembled at San Jose, could
hardly afford to take. In the face of county.
State and Congressional elections. As It was,
the Indorsement was weak Indeed.. It was not
."warmly" nor "cordially", nor- "sincerely"
done. Itwa8 Indorsed- as . "able," "economi
cal" and • "fearless" ; not as honest, wise and
prudent. "Able" is a word that may have
more than one meaning when applied to af
fairs; "economical" may mean penny wise and
pound -foolish,' and "fearless" . ¦ may ¦ be applied
to many sorts ¦, of criminals as well as to al
leged Statesmen. :<•" . , ' -
Gage's letter . to the convention was in bad
taste and lacked political wisdom. The for
bearance with '.which it was treated by tho
convention showed good politics,' which the let
ter most emphatically did .not. The . conven
tion might have Justly refused to have It read,
but ' in- a spirit of harmony tolerated its read
ing.."^ ; . ...¦-.-,- :' v -. ¦ ¦¦¦¦- • t . -.
Evidently the applause it got vu by a mi
nority led by. those having received favors or
who expect favors from the Gage administra
tion. ¦ ¦¦-¦¦- •¦ ¦.-.,- .¦-.¦-.. ,. :¦
The Tulare . Register, edited by an honest
man, by one of the ablest political editors of
the State, by one of the stanchest Republicans
and ono who . says he will even support Gage
If nominated, , says In this behalf: ¦..¦¦¦;.
"Political Code, section 1 259.— Every article,
statement, or editorial, contained in any news
paper or other printed publication, printed or
published- in this State, which by writing or
printing tends to blacken the memory of «ne
who Is dead, or to impeach the honesty, integ
rity, virtue or reputation, or publish the nat
ural or alleged defects of one who is alive, and
thereby expose him or her to public hatred,
contempt Ok- ridicule, must be supplemented by
the true name of the writer of such article,
statement, or editorial, signed or printed at the
end thereof. Any owner, proprietor or publisner
of any newspaper or other printed publication,
printed or published In this State, who shall
publish any such article, statement or edito
rial in ahy printed publication, printed or pub
lished In this State, which is not so supple
mented by the true name of the writer thereof,
signed or printed at the end thereof as required
by this section, shall forfeit the sum of one
thousand dollars for each and every article,
statement, or editorial so published In violation
of the requirements of this section. • *
It was understood at the time that this law
was conceived, passed and approved to humil
iate newspaper writers and publishers, and to
subject them to vexatious criminal prosecutions.
If nothing more. Every one of our exchanges,
of every shade of political opinion, severely con
demned this law as without precedent »nany
State in the Union, as revengeful legislation
and unworthy of men intrusted with fatate
E It/enactment was probably caused by reason
of rasping criticisms of his ama2ing E* 06 "?""
cy's public acts and a few of the vulnerable
members of the Legislature, by the Los An
gc-les Times and Chronicle. Admitting as a
mere matter of . form that, those papers were
unnecessarily perhaps unjustly, harsh on tne
alleged statesmen, the law hit every newspaper
and magazine and writer for them in the State,
many of whom were positively or inclined to be
friendly to Governor Gage with all his short
comings of temper and Judgment; In other
words disposed to do their best to find some
sort of excuses, if not Justifications, for. the
public acts of one they had mistakenly but in
good faith assisted to elect Governor.
For a few months after the law took ef
fect many newspapers conformed to Its absurd
provisions, but many did not even lor one is
sue and among the latter the Pomona Times.
Soon all ceased to respect or observe it.
For nearly two years the law has been vio
lated by nearly every newspaper in the State
and In about every, issue. ".„ '
Soon after its passage some of the big dallies
violated it so as to Invite or provoke prosecu
tion by some of the misfit statesmen who con
ceived, passed and approved It, and In but one
lnttanca that we remember was there an at
tempt at prosecution, and that proved a flat
failure. But until it is judicially declared In
valid, it is a law — a criminal law. It makes
more or less of the newspaper writers uncon
victcd. criminals nearly as often as their mat
ter is published.
. And yet there are newspaper writers in Cali
fornia pleading for Gage's renomination. the re
nomination of one who says by his official acts
that they should be daily or weekly, as the
case may be, prosecuted as criminals under the
informer system, the most detested of all sys
tems of prosecution.
How any newspaper proprietor or writer can
support Gage for re-election passes our com
prehension; and how. any one of them does who
possesses - manliness or self-respect is not un
derstandable on any theory of a satisfied con
science or upright selfishness. I Newspaper men
so far as we know them, do not turn the other
cheek when slapped on one,; and yet Governor
Gago has metaphorically, and so far "as: he
could, intentionally slapped them on both, and
continues to slap them from day to day and
yep.i to year on the statute books of California.
: We ask the Gage editors and publishers. In
good faith, what has i reconciled them to Gage
or this law which they continually violate?
It Is exactly the same revengeful, malicious
lav.' they denounced in 1899 and one which age
does not change any more than age makes ' its
authors fit. for public duties, or worthy the re
spect Or support of manly, self-respecting edi
tors and publishers.
POMONA TIMES:
Following is an extract from section 259. Po
litical Code, approved by Governor Gage March
20, 1S09 :
MONDAY MAY 5, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Ccsuncaie&ticni to W. 8. LEAEE, Manager, . ,
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market ond Tliird, S. F.
KDITO1U.1L ItOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask~£or THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered ?»y Cnrrler*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Stnsrle Copies. O Cents.
Terms l»y Mnll. Including: Postasret V :
DAtLT CALL (Including Sunday), one year .$6.00
PAILT CALL <lnclu3ing Sunday), 6 months 8.O0
DAILY CALL Cncludlng Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
ECNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Ea&iple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail cubscrlbers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KHOGXESS.
Kssagtr Fcreiga Advertising, Marquette Bcildirg Chicago.
tLcngr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAIILTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
BR AXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock.'' 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
6:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
" Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ontll 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m. .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOB. THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating a chansre ol
residence dnrlnc the summer months can bave
*belr paper forwarded by mall to tbelr neir
addresses by notifying Tbe Call Business Office.
This paper tvIII also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented t>y a local agent In
all towns on the coast.
The last Legislature during the administra
tion of Governor Budd. under his management
to make "political capital" for himself, cut
Controller Colgan'a estimate of State expenses
for the next two years about a million dollars,
and a deficiency of $800,000 and the high tax
rate of Governor Gage's first year followed.
At the last Legislature Governor Gage scaled
down Controller Colgan's estimates for the gen
eral fund over $1,800,000 for 1901-2 and 1902-3.
and that is why the State tax levy Is low. Tha
State school estimate was not cut a cent, and
for the first time in the State's history i»
greater (nearly 5O per cent) than the general
fund . estimate. Whenever Colgan's estimates
have not been followed there has been a de
ficiency — and that Is what the next Legisla
ture will face next winter. For the year 1002-3
there is to be $1,750,000 (over $1,000,000 lesa
than last year) raised by State tax for the gen
era* fund. It costs in excess of that amount
each year to maintain the State, normal
schools, the Insane asylums, homes for deaf
and dumb and blind and feeble minded, tha
two prisons and pay the claims of institutions
for the care of orphans and half orphans — to
say nothing of the expenses and salaries of
State officers and the commissions. California
will have a low tax levy next fall, but it will
have a booming one next year to make up
for it. •'»•>--,
WATSONVHJuE PAJAB0NIA2T:
It would be folly to say that there was no
effort at San Jose to do politics in the interest
of nearly every candidate for a State office,
either on the part of himself or his friends,
but it was the work of reconnoitering. a spar
ring for position, rather than the shock of con
flict. That section of the press which has her
alded the resolution with reference to Gover
nor Gage and the State administration aa a
sweeping indorsement of his candidacy for re
nomination is simply evidencing its ignor
ance of the forces that controlled the conven
tion. At the same time that it was agreed
to. It was also agreed that all of the other
candidates were to be Invited to address tha
convention, and thus offset any advantage that
might seem to accrue to the Governor.
SAN BERNARDINO STJN:
Party politics, however,' ought hot to' be the deter
mining factor in the question. The three Territories
are as well fitted for statehood as many, of the com
monwealths that are now enjoying such rights.
Neither of them, if admitted, would be the least pop
ulous State in the Union nor the 'least wealthy in
present possessions or richness of resources that
await future development. It has been charged by
some of the opposition papers in the East that the
Territories should "not be admitted because the "ma
jority of their inhabitants are greasers; the white in
habitants, as a rule, sojoumers who have no perma
nent attachment to the Territory." Such statements
show how much ignorance still prevails in the East
concerning Western development. . Congress ought
not to be influenced by misrepresentations of that
kind. The dominant elements of the population in
each of the Territories are now thoroughly American
and are entitled to have their full share of self-gov
ernment and the privilege \ of participating in the
government of the nation.
The Territories have a just claim upon the Repub
lican party for admission to statehood. .'The plat
form adopted by the party at' the Philadelphia con
vention in .1900 declares: "We favor home rule for
and the early admission to statehood of the.Terri
tories of New Mexico, Arizona and Oklahoma."
The convention of 1896 made a similar declaration,
and the admission of the Territories would therefore
be in accord with the established and declared policy
of the party. . . ... ¦ . .-
There have been no developments in politics since
1900 to weaken Republican sentiment in the Terri
tories. In fact if the Republicans admit the three
States they will enjoy the prestige of having done so
and the fact will certainly be of advantage to the
party in the first campaign to be made in the new
States. Under such circumstances we know of noth
ing that could give the Democrats anything like a
sure thing in either of the new States unless it be a
blundering opposition to their admission on the part
of men in Congress who are supposed to speak for
the Republican party as a national organization.
We are at a loss to conceive upon what data that
calculation of the political outlook is based. During
the silver campaigns of 1892 and 1896 New Mexico
went Democratic, but in: 1898 and in 1900 it was car
ried by the Republicans by an increasing plurality.
The Republican candidate for Territorial Delegate
to Congress in 1900 received 21,567 votes to 17,857
polled for the Democratic candidate. At the same
election Oklahoma gave a ' Republican candidate for
Delegate 38,253 votes against 33,359 for a- fusion nom
inee. Arizona elected a Democratic Delegate, but
by a majority of only 100b. It would appear there
fore* from the results of the last Congressional elec
tions in the three Territories that Republicans have
something like a sure thing in New Mexico and Ok
yahoma and a good fighting chance to carry Arizona.
REPORTS from Washington- are to the effect
that the bill providing for .the admission of
Arizona; New' Mexico and Oklahoma to state
hood will be taken up this week, but, despite the fact
that it has been favorably reported by the Committee
on Territories, will.; be opposed by a considerable
number of Republicans from the Eastern States,
among whom are some of the' leaders of the party
in the. House. The reason assigned, for the opposi
tion is that "according to the present- state of politi
cal affairs, the. admission of Oklahoma, Arizona and
New Mexico would mean' six Democratic Senators
and at least five. Democratic Representatives."
THE STATEHOOD BILL.
Governor. Hogg, who has laughed enough to grow
fat, . is now, rich enough \ to ;: be ' generous and try to
make others laugh, and so he 'announces a conviction
that the next .President r of the United States will be
a 'Democrat. ~ . - ; - v'.;;:::"-'-
THE sentiment against the renomination of Gage for Governor is growing wider and deeper. Gage himself
is doing more to provoke; discord in the party than all of his supporters can do to allay the bitterness. Hi3
"recent appointments confirm the general impression that he has surrendered the administration of State affairs
to the bosses. Leaders of the party are convinced now that defeat must be the inevitable result of his renom
ination. Advices received by The Call from the southern part of the State are to the effect that the machine
will not be able to win thirty per cent of the delegates south of Tehachapi. In San Francisco the Burns-
Crimmins-Herrin County Committee (on which Gage relies) cuts' no figure whatever. All the indications point to the de
feat of bossism at the primary election inithis city. Many of the political prophets are predicting that Gage's name as a
candidate for Governor, will not be placed before the convention. Influential newspapers of the State thus comment on
the pretensions of the Governor: • .
SAN DIEGO UNION:
The executive" body of the Republican State
Committee did quite right in directing that the
call for the J convention shall recommend that
delegates be chosen by. open primaries even in
those places where this method of selection Is
not compulsory, under the law. Still, Republi
cans who do not wish 1 to witness the triumph
of the Gage gang must not place too much con
fidence in this recommendation. It will be disre
garded in • many places unless opponents of the
Governor's ring are on the alert and prepared
to do hard work.
It has become quite manifest during the past
few weekb that the Republicans of the State
at large. would regard the renominatlon of Gov
ernor Gage as a calamity. ¦ From one end of
California to the other are heard murmurings
tagalnet the rule of the. bosses. The only ques
tion now is will the disorganized opposition to
the plan to cram Gage down the party's throat
be able to defeat' the schemes of the Etrons
machine which the Governor, with the aid of
Burns,' Herrln,' Lynch and others of that ilk,
has established for the express purpose of forc
ing upon loyal ¦ Republicans the alternative of
voting for a man who has disgraced the guber
natorial orflce, or allowing a Democrat to be
come the State's executive? -
If the contemplated outrage upon the party
is to be averted, it will not do to rely too much
upon the recommendation for the open primary.
In those places where it is not compulsory by
law, honest Republicans i must see that it u
the method selected to choose delegates, and
when this point is gained every Republican who
does not wish his party to go down to disgrace
ful defeat must make It his business to see
that. the primary carries out the wishes of the
decent rank and file, and ovei turns the schemes
of the rine. . ' : . •
incompetent creatures of his own, who could
and would "do politics" at the. behest of him
self and the political machine upon which ha
Ih relying to secure a re-election. Thus the
public interests were sacrificed and the public
ironey recklessly expended to advance Mr.
Gage's personal ambitions and to intrench the
Burns-Gage administration more thoroughly In
power.
• "• •
It was a costly affair, this useless and in
competent Code Commission. After working
tor many months (at the public expense) these
bunglers submitted their work to the Legisla
ture. If it had received proper scrutiny in
that body, it would never have been accepted.
But the Gage-Burns machine Influence was
strong enough In the Legislature to prevent a
due and proper scrutiny of the work. It was
railroaded tnrough. and went to the Governor.
Here, again, it should have .met with a check.
Surely, Governor Gage is a competent enough
lawyer to have discovered, upon even a casual
inspection, that the work of the Code Com
mission was not in accord with the simple re
quirements and limitations of the State con
stitution. In giving his official sanction to thl3
bungling work. Governor Gage evidently hoped
that it would "pass muster" without the Su
preme Court's discovering its weakness and
unconstltutlonality. To assume that Governor
Gage did not perceive its defects is to set him
down as a lawyer of even less than mediocre
ability.
As we know, the Supreme Court made short
shrift ol the Cede Commission's Job of patch
work when it reached that body. Almost at
its beginning the measure was found to be
directly and egreglously vlolative of constitu
tional requirements. So this laborious and
costly work went for naught,' or practically so.
Large sums of the people's money were thus
literally thrown away in tinkering the Ctvll
Code. If competent lawyers " had been placed
on the Code Commission, the work would have
been properly completed, in a much shorter
time, and at less expense to the State. In
stead of being subjected to heavy financial- loss,
the State would in that case have been the
gainer, for it would have had — what it was
entitled to for the expenditure — an authorita
tive, convenient and constitutional codification
of its civil laws.
The appointment of incompetents to the re
sponsible positions of Code Commissioners Is
only one among Governor Gage's many serioua
and costly blunders.. There have been others
In plenty. Before the close of the State cam
paign the Times will find occasion to speak tha
plain truth about some of these other expen
sive mistakes of our machine-surrounded execu
tive.
• ¦ • •
i Why has the Governor used the appointive
power at his disposal to so unworthy a pur
pose? The answer is as simple as it is ob
vious. He has placed unworthy persons in
places of trust and responsibility, in order that
he may use them to manipulate the political
machinery of the State, His evident purpose is
to intrench himself In the office of chief execu
tive and to override the popular . will. The
people will not approve such methods when
they are known and understood.
The plans of Governor Gage to perpetuate
his official power and to force upon the Re
publican party his nomination for a second
term are not likely to meet with fruition. His
evident purpose is to make of the Republican
party of California a political machine to be
controlled by himself and operated by his satel
lites. Citizens who still believe in independence
and the rights of manhood very naturally re
volt against such methods. They will make
their objections known and felt at the proper
time. The great body of Republicans are still
adherents of the old-fashioned dictum that men
whom the people choose for office, under a free
government, are servants of the people and
should be content to serve aa such without
aspiring to be masters.
The objections to the renomination of Henry
T. Gage«for Governor of California are not oi
a vague, general and Indeterminate character.
They are. on the contrary, "specific, definable
and unmistakable."
TXTLARE BEGISTEB:
Topics does not often yield to the temptation
to say bad words, at least not publicly, but he
will venture on this occasion to remark that
the Gage party push Is hell on harmony. They
are as harmonious as so many purring- cats on
a shed roof in the moonlight. Their benevolent
and unruffled mien is positively touching, but
unfortunately they are not disposed to concede
In the interests of harmony anything more im
portant than plenty of honeyed conversation.
They understand perfectly well that the atti
tude of Governor Henry T. Gage toward the
candidacy of Daniel M. Burns for the United
States Senate outraged the consciences of tens
of thousands of earnest Republicans throughout
the State and that there is positively nothing
In the way of the most perfect harmony in the
party except the effort making to force the re
nomination of Mr. Gage for Governor in spite
of the protests of these very earnest and consci
entious Republicans. If they so much desire
harmony in the party, a thing fundamentally
necessary and Intrinsically desirable from all
points of view, the gentlemen who compose
the Gage push have only to abandon his can
didacy and there will be party harmony to
throw at the birds. It is unwise and even
dangerous for any political party to nominate
for any office any man against whose candidacy
there Is any considerable measure of deep
seated opposition. People are going to vote
very free this year.
a missive would mean hla ruin. The Governor
13 believed. In the quarter referred to, to hav»
a method in his madness. It is intimated he
will go ahead worrying his enemie3 for tna
pure love of the thing, until he shall have the
race clear to himself. Then the Governor may
suddenly turn on his foes and decline a re
nomination.
Sentiment Against His Renomination Is Growing Wider
and Deeper—Comment of Republican Newspapers.
GAGE'S G0NDUGT PROVOKES
DISCORD IN PARTY RANKS
Therefore, at this season of contrast between East
and West, let Northern California improve her op
portunity. Don't crowd the bargain counter with
"drives," as Mr. Wanamaker says, but so present
our advantages that it will soon be crowded with
buyers, who not seeing what they want will ask for it.
Let it not be forgotten that one Eastern man well
located here, prosperous and content, treated hon
estly by us, is good for a score more like him to
whom he will be guide, philosopher and friend, in
their relocation in the midst of us. Given twenty
such settlers in every county from Kern to Siskiyou
this year, and there will follow a steady stream of
immigration from the localities thej^eave to come
to us. The history of Southern California illustrates
this. Its quick and enormous increase in population,
its sudden transformation from a Mexican commu
nity to the highest expression of American life and
energy, came about by the efforts of immigrants
themselves. Every one that settled there was pleased,
and this pleasure went back East in letters, news
papers, and finally in literature, until now there is
no possible' influence that could at all affect the great
future of that section unfavorably. It all began with
making content and comfortable the first comers.
The promoters of the. settlement of Northern Cali
fornia will find their mostbeneficial activity in pre
senting truthfully, as they will, the capacities of our
soil, expressed in terms that Eastern men can under
stand, the profitable variety that it produces, the re
sults of its tillage in illustrative instances, and above
all the clemency of climate which, takes- out of life
much of the cost and care that are amongst its bur
dens in the East. All this 'done, the Eastern visitor
may want to buy and locate and he will assume the
character of a customer for land. Then let it be sure
that he is treated honestly. We want no more hard
pan cheats like that which ruined the honest Hol
landers near Merced.
But there is also an intensely practical side to the
California situation. It implies economic conditions
vastly superior, in the certainty of results, to any
thing the East can offer. The new policy of the rail
roads, by which Eastern people are introduced here
on rates that induce them to come, is inaugurated
fortunately at the time of greatest contrast. When
they come, let us remind enterprising people, it is
not wise. to overwhelm them with offers to sell some
thing to them. What California needs is such an
exposition of her actual physical and economic con
ditions as will make newcomers want to buy. There
is all the difference in the world between the two
things. If we present the appearance of a country
where everybody wants to sell out, they may easily
suspect that there is something the matter that is not
visible on the surface. It is quite easy for a few score
enterprising real estate agents to make it appear that
the State is for sale, and in every contact with new
comers this appearance should be guarded against,
for it is not the right appearance.
Upon this background is thrown, as upon a screen,
California felix, from north to south and ocean
beach to mountain summit, a picture of vernal
beauty, with every splendid and delicate feature that
foliage and flower, soil arid sunshine, lichen-painted
rock and roaring waterfall can give. Over it all an
air as soft as any that kissed the cheek of Lalla
Rookh in the vale of Cashmere, or soothed the re
pose of Nourmahal at Agra.
BY reports of the weather service and the news
papers, the Eastern spring is a month behind:
The month of March is two months long. Un
seasonable drought has been alternated with unsea
sonable heat, and thai, in 'the same locality, imme
diately followed by freezing weather and flying snow.
Livestock in the region immediately west of the Mis
souri River has suffered severely from these condi
tions, and the losses have been heavy. Farm work
lags, and the fruit crop is having its bloom deferred
until there is danger that it will be brought within
reach of the usual mid-May frost which kills all late
blossoms, but rarely injures the fruit that has already
set. ¦ •'..-¦ . -
will be cordial and magnificent goes without saying.
There will -'be parades, : banquets, : public receptions
and addresses of welcome, but will there be that out
pouring of society; that was; so marked a feajure of
the reception of Henry? : Will there be a gala night
at the, grand opera in New York and will seats sell
for $30 each? Will there be rivalry and strife among
the grand dames as to who; shall entertain him, and
will there be any widespread belief that the lady who
has the honor of entertaining the Commander in
Chief of the armies of France has thereby been con
firmed as the "head oFher family" and the "Queen
CALIFORNIA AND THE EAST.
THEi : S Af. ';. FR Ai>rGISCa^ G ALL, MOlJfpAY, ; MjVY^ •; ; 5;| 1902.
Miss Ellen .Stone, the ransomed missionary, is said
to have pleased a . Boston, audience .by. her lecture,
so she might as. well-be satisfied and stop right there:
4
- The recent remarkable advance in th«
industries of Italy Is owlnf llrgefy to \hl
development of electricity as a motive
The Northern Pacific Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlston
and.Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon, roada
to either Warrens or. Dixie. . from which polnu
the trails Into this district are moat acces»ible.
* or rates, etc. addresa T. K. STATELER.
Q. A.. 647 Market st. S. P.'
YREKA J0X7BNAL:
. Our Democratic friends are using their influ
ence In urging Republicans to renomlnate
Gage for ' Governor, which looks suspicious.
They flatter him considerably for his adminis
tration, to which no one objects, but how will
it be after the nomination? The cold shot will
be heated red hot to Sre into the Republican
camp with a chuckling that they have secured
a candidate for a second term easy to 'defeat,
or at least feel encouraged to think so. What
Gage has done to please the Domocrats we have
not been able to discover, hence it must be a
belief on their part that els choice would be
a gain for them. . ,
ST. HELENA STAB:
Gage has a large number of the leadine doII
ticlans of the State with him. and what is
known as the political machinery of the State
which Includes State office-holders at Sacra
mento. San Francisco and elsewhere, will be
with him to the end. There are a large num
ber of Republican papers throughout the State
against Gage. These include The Call, Chron
icle and Los Angeles Times. : Some . of the pa
pers are putting themselves in the prospective
position of bolting the Republican ticket or
eating crow during the next campaign it
would appear that the delegates from" San
Francisco. Los Angeles. Sacramento and Santa
Clara will be for Gage. With these Gasre's
managers will be in a position to form com
blnations with candidates for other office--"
which will draw to the Governor delegates fro™.'
the doubtful sections of the 8tate. There w I' i
be favorite sons from all over California «p»v
ing office and they will not all want the Cnv
ernorship. The friends of these aspirants win
make reciprocal political arrangements with th»
the strongest gubernatorial candidate and thl
result is very likely to be Increased strength fnt
Gage. In fact it is not at all unlikely the
way things are fixed nowadays, that at conven
tlontime it will be so conclusively shown that
Gage has the majority, of the. delegate that
his will be the only. name brought befor» t£
convention. The good old days to! a free-for-all
fight in conventions seem to be at an *n*
The day was when the balloting of deleetw
decided the fat* of aspirants for office £«~
it is done by political management and mantoiT
lation. ' ¦ ' . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ " .
HTTMBOLDT STANDARD:
. From the newspapers of. the northern n»~+ «#
the State, as well as from . private ad?f«^thf
Standard learns that Hon. P eT B Eds™' wni
make a strong showing in the r neit State ran
ventlon as a candidate for Governor His m£i
sanguine friends claim all the dSiSttaS. Mrth
of Sacramento, excepting those i of Shasta and
Humboldt. . It Is even claimed that some great
surprises will be met when southern counties
are ' heard ¦ irom.
LOS ANGELES CAPITAL:
There are those in State polltlca who know
Henry T. Gage as- an intimate, who at times
question the Governor's intentions in the Im
pending campaign. -• It is intimated in this
quarter; that the Governor may have ¦ a sur
prise in store for 'the ( State. Gage ¦ is known
as a sensational . performer. . He is fond ¦ of
doing the unexpected.^ as witness :;¦ his letter
read In the recent San -Jose club.' convention
week.' For any other public man to Indite such
JfcSrrjSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "When the Heart Was Young."
Columbia— "An American Citizen."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — •"The Leather Patch."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee,"
California — "Under the Red Robe."
Tivoli — "The Sinking Girl." "*-*.
Central — "Mrs. Partington."
New Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
AUCTION SALES.
By Santa Clara Milk Company — Monday, May 5. at 1
o'clock, entire Rollins: Stock, at 721 Howard street.ANNUAL HEGIRA OF SOCIETY
BEGINS AS BULB CRAWLS UP
•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • '¦¦¦ ¦¦--¦•.-¦,' • ¦ . :
All Who Can Break Away From Ping Pong Are Journeying to Re
sorts Beyond jthe City 's :Din---Gossip^About the Recent Capture
of ah Heiress and Some Advice to Young Men With Aspirations
THE , SAN FRANCISGQ CALL,: MOyPAYr MAY 5, 1902.
• t ; . r i * TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Pbocnix. .'.... San Pedro '. May 5
Mandalay Coquille River.' May 5
Slate of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. May 5
Q. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 6
Letlanaw.... New York via Panama. May 5
Pomona Humboldt May 5
Crcsctnt City Crescent City May 5
Despatch.... San Pedro May 5
S.Monica.... Santa Barbara May 5
Corona Southern Coast May 5
Edith... Seattle May 6
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 6
S.Barbara... Seattle May 0
Alamoda Honolulu ' May 0
Argo .'. . . Eel River Ports May 0
Albion River. Hadlock May 7
Coronado.... San Pedro ..May 7
R. Dollar.... Redondo ..May 7
Euieka Humboldt- ..May 7
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .... May 7
Sonta Crus.. Newport' & Way Ports. May 7
Titania Nanaimo ...May 8
Pleiades Oyster Harbor ........ May 8
Rival. Willapa Harbor May 8
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 8
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Algca Manila via Moji ...... May 8
Hyades Honolulu ..May 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports.. May 0
Newburg Grays Harbor May 9
North Fork.. Humboldt May 9
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria .... May 10
Peru....' China & Japan May 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria .... May 10.
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. B. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma May 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... May 12
Queen Puget Sound Ports..... May 12
MONDAY, MAY 6.
Sun rises 5:09
Sun sets 7:04
Moon rises 3:26 a. m.
O ITime Time . Time Time
5. Ft- Ft. Ft Ft
»LW HW LW HW
5 3:18 0.8 9:58 4.6 3:13 1.9 9:30 5.5
6 4:00 0.1 10:54 4.7 3:58 2.1 10:10 5.7
7 4:48—0.4 11:49 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50 5.8
8 5:36 — 0.7 12:44 4.8 5:28 2.6 11:30 6.8
9 6:25—O.8 1:38 ,4.8 6:17 2.8
H W L W H W L W
10 0:20 5.717:18—0.8 2:34 4.8 7:12 2.9
11 1:01 5.5 8:12— 0.6 3:30 4.8 8:19 S.O
12 2:10 5.1] 9:10—0.3 4:29 4.9 9:34 3.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
TO SAIL." i'
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 5.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Tarr.pico... Honolulu v.' Seattle 6 pm Pier 17
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Despatch.. Puget Sound Ports. 6 pm Pier 16
S. Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier' 2
May 6.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
UmatlUa... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May T. .
Argc Eel River Ports.... 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays harbor S pm Pier. 2
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
C. Kelson... Seattle & Tacoma Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
1J andalay. . Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
? May 8.
Bessie K.. . Golofnin Bay-Teller Pier 16
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Kan Jose... Panama & Way... 12 mPMSS
May 0.
Nip. Mar u. China &. Japan.... 1 pm PMS3
Neko Hamburg & Way Pier —
May 10. ,
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda. . . Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Led ana w. . N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
May 11.
City Puebla Puget Sound" Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 12. .
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays -Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
May IS.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
La lime..... Astoria & Portland pjer
FROM SEATTLE. — — 7—
Steamer. For. ~ Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. May 4
CItyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May (i
Chieo Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 5
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 9
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrigo Bkagway & Way Ports. Mav 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
. SAILED. ; _
¦ -Sunday, May 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Etmr Eureka, .lessen, Eureka. "
Etmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti. -
Stmr Aberdeen, Hlgglns, Redondo
. Stmr Santa Ana, Andresen, Seattle
. Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragff. '
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Astoria.
: Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen; Greenwood.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Br itrar Ventnor. Ferry, Portland. r
,Br bark Inversk. Kins, Queenstown^ r*
Schr Kodlak, GronbCrK, Unalaska.
Schr Denance, Saletzke, ; Grays Harbor. ¦'<«
• TELEGRAPHIC* . , '
POINT LOBOS— May 4, 10 p m— Weather
clean- wind W; velocity (1 miles per hour.
- .'¦ SPOKEN. , . .a.!
t ,Mar CO— Off Japan coast,' ship Dirlno, from
Kongkongr for Hilo. All well.' -; ,~ T - ¦. .
Per stmor San Mateo— May 3, 41 03 N- 124 37,
W," stmr Mineoln. hence May 2 for Tacoma. ¦'
: DOMESTIC PORTS. -*.,¦<:
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived ' May 4-^-Ital
•' Sunday, May - 4.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Shage, 79 hours from
Ballard.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, T6 hours from New
port and way ports. •
Stmr Aberdeen. HInlns, 60 hours from As
toria, bound to Redondo; put in for passengers
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, 46 hours frm San
Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 ; hours from Moss
Landing. v ¦ ,
Stmr Mateo. Fletcher, 89 hours from
Nanalmo. -
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldeett, *3 hours from
Redondo. - / , . .
Stmr Scotia, Walvlc, 74 hours from South
Bend. . . .
Stmr Santa, Monica, Olseol 42 hours from
San Pedro. \
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours fm Bodega.
Schr Sailor Bay, Nllson, 10 days from Grays
Harbor.^ , .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
ship Canara," from Manila; Br ship Levern
bank, from Santa Rosalia; schr AM Baxter,
from San Pedro; brig Tanner, from sea with
main boom Kone; ¦ schr Mahukona, from Zam
boanga; schr David Evans, from Salinas Cruz.
Passed in — Bktn Willie R Hume, hence April
24. Passed Out — Ship Eclipse, for Nushasnk.
BE ATTLE— Sailed - May 3— Stmr Edith, - : for
San Francisco. ,. • . > , ' . -. - - »
Arrived ; May i 3 — Stmr Queen, Whence May 1;
stmr City of Topeka,.from Skagway and Sitka.
GRAXS HARBOR— Arrived May 3— Stmr Se
quoia, knee ' April 30. , ¦
COOS^BAY— Sailed May 4— Stmr. Arcata.for
San Francisco. -, • " ' -.';.- "
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 4— Schr Sadie,'
from Umpqua; «tmr Prentles, from Portland. ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed. out— Schr C S Holmes,
for Suva; : »chr Wempe i Bros, for San Pedro;
stmr Albion River, for San Francisco; Nor ship
Prince Louis, f Or Cardiff; Br ship Whitllebum,
for Queenstown: strnr Edith, for Ban Fran
cisco. Passed out— Stmr Melville Dollar, hence
April 30. •"- - • - -..., , --
. PORT KEN YON— Arrived May 4, 6 a m—
Stmr Arsro. hence May 2.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 4— Stmr Rival,
from, Usal:^ \ '; ¦ '¦ ¦ '_ >. .«' ; ; '.<¦-¦ ¦ •* ¦ >.
. VENTURA — Arrived May ,4 — Barge Santa
Paula, 'hence May, 2. and sailed -for Son Fran
• REDONDO^-Arrlved'May 3— Stmr Fulton,
from Fort Bragg,. and sailed for San Pedro.
. ASTORIA— Sailed May ; 4— Stmr Sue H. ; El
more, for Tillamook. '. -¦- . , . - : •
! SAN DIEGO— Sailed May . 4— Stmr : Bruns
wick, for San Francisco. ' , '"
. ¦•¦-, -\ OCEAN ; STEAMERS. >~
-NEW YORK— Arrived 'May 4 — Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre;; stmr. Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam and • Boulogne Sur Mer." ••¦ ¦ - - . ¦
- NEW ¦ YORK— Arrived ' May 4— Stmr Ethio
pia, from Glawrow. :' ¦. , v
¦ PHILADELPHIA— Arrived ,: ¦ May. 4— Stmr
Noordland, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
¦ LIZARD— Passed May 4— Stmr Minneapolis,
from New York for London. • . - .i>.« ,.
.ANTWERP — Arrived May 4— Stmr KensinB
ton. from New York. <-.,•'. . . ,. -, . r ,-.
- LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 4-^-Stmr Glenesk,
from i Tacoma ' and Victoria: "4O»s|gBe3S«iS&««a"»».i<<
.' YOKOHAMA — Arrived May; 4— Stmr „ Gaelic,
from San Francisco. : :
SUEZ— Arrived. May 4-^-Stmr ; Pakllnjr. . from
Seattle ¦ and , : Tacoma. . ' - . ;.?» ., ,
The Knights of Red Branch entertained
about 2000 guests at their outing at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Provision '¦ was
made for a good time for every one and
the affair passed off most successfully.
Gate end game prizes to the value of
several hundred dollars were given away.
Knights of Red Branch Entertain
' Large Number, of Friends at
Annual Outing.. '
PASS GAY AFTERNOON
AT SHELL MOUND PARK
RETAIL GROCERS ARE
PREPARING FOR PICNIC
A. smooth man is* one who rubs other
men the; right way." --' v;V
Professor R. A. F. Penrose, a celebrated
metallurgist 'and owner of gold and silver
mines : in Arizona, is a guest at the
Palace. - •
J. H. Willmahn, . a business man of
Portland," Or., is making a brief stay at
the California. '. ' .".; •".¦¦ ¦
M. P. Stein, a dry-goods merchant of
Stockton, is a recent arrival at the Cali
fornia. ¦ ¦ . . ¦-.'. •••; . . ..
PERSONAL.
Dr.- Fritz Schick of Vienna is registered
at the Palace. ,.• v i .¦••¦• ..
r>. S.' Rosenbaum," a banker and mer
chant of Stockton, is at the Palace.:
Notwithstanding the overcast skies yes
terday, great crowds were out and about
and went In exceptionally large numbers
to the park and the Chutes and the ocean
beach. " The band at Golden Gate Park
discoursed music of ' such a . bright nature
as to | make every one feel merry and no
less a number than' 8000 people, it was
estimated, passed through the gates of the
Chutes, where an admirable ; entertain
ment was , given in =the immense theater
The menagerie house was crowded, and
the • greatest animation . was observed
everywhere on. the new grounds. -
, The Cliff House was visited. by city folk
and strangers and drivers turned out as
usual in the smartest carriages and rigs.
Give Enjoyment to City Folks
and Strangers.
Music and Varied Other Attractions
THOUSANDS ENJOY DAY AT -
BEACH, PAEZ'AND CHUTES
The men in charge of the various com
mittees are as follows: N ~ General arrange
ments, Eugene V. McCoy; reception, John
Lackmann; honorary reception, William
Cluff; games, 'J. -W. , King; ladies' guess
ing contest," J. Salomon; wheel. of for
tune, Charles Lunsmann ; - shooting . gal
lery, Henry, Elmers; bowling alley, H.
Rawe; clerks and members drawing, D.
F. Keefe; dancing, T. H. Corcoran.
Already so many tickets have been dis
posed of that the usual supply has been
augmented ; by 1000, and the prizes con
tributed by the jobbers and manufac
turers would stock a good-sized store with
both "wet" and "dry" ' goods. The chief
prize is $50 in gold. The ladiea will have
a guessing contest for a silver coffee set.
The babies will be well looked out for as
usual, and there will be special sports and
games for all ages and classes.
Committees j have taken charge of dif
ferent districts to make a special can
vass of the trade. As a result nearly SOO
grocers have signed an agreement to close
their stores.
"Grocers' Day" -has been an event In
trade circles the second Wednesday of
May each year since 1871. This year will
be the most eventful of all and the Wed
nesday, May 14, spent at Schutzen Park
will be marked on the calendar.
ors Will Be Held at Schuetzen.
• .Park.-
Annual Outing of the Food Purvey-
Alta Parlor — Miss Minnie Casey, Miss Kate
Kelleher, Mrs. Maud Telfer, Miss Maggie Cant
well, Mrfi. Mary Huckins, Miss Mary Drlscoli,
Mrs. A. Thornagle, Miss Llllle Mullin, Miss
Mary Hasans, Mrs. Mary Kaneen, Mrs. Lizzie
Rlgney, Miss Julia Brown, Miss Jennie Daly,
Miss Bertha Butters, Miss Josle Lynch, Mrs.
Mary Brock. Miss Rose Heaney, Mrs. Annie
Williams, Mi«s Gussie Crowley; Buena Vista
Parlor — Mrs. S. . E. Asher, Miss Sophie : Grote,
Mrs. Aggie von Seggern Miss Edith McNally,
Mrs.. Kate :O" Byrne, Miss May Bury, Miss
Mollie Grief. Miss Cella Kaufman, Miss Lulu
Ahrena, Miss ' Lena Douglass. Miss Annie
Powers, Miss Katie Knaul. Mrs. Jennta Mc-
Carthy; Fremont 'Parlor — Miss Ella .Tyson,
Mrs. Sarah Dollan; La Kstrella Parlor — Mrs.
Theresa Foster, Mrs. Kate Ross, Mrs. Lillian
Carlie, Mrs. F. Hannelly; Minerva Parlor —
Miss Martha Holme*. ' Miss Annie Faubel, Mrs.
Mary Lynch, Mrs. Llllle Lovenberg; Oro Flno
Parlor — Miss Annie . . Mlchler, Mrs. Mary
Handly, Miss Maggie Henrlx, Mies Mamie
Darlos; Orlnda Parlor— Miss Mamie Hock,
Miss ¦ Annie Doyle. Mlas Ada Murray, Mrs.
Ever "•• Gunther: Piedmont Parlor — Mm., Re
freta. Oliver. ,' Miss Louisa, Jacobson; Alameda
Parlor — Miss Marie Therese Moron. Mrs. Kate
Lee Moron. MIks Jennie Trause; Las Lomas
Parlor — Mrs. Mary Edwards; Sans- Sou ci Par
lor — Mrs. Susie Bucklln; Yosemlte Parlor — Miss
Laura Haliday. Miss Mary RIordan, Miss Ame
lia Giannlnl, Miss May C. Flynn.
Overture, Hynes' orchestra; opening: address,
G. P. P. Sister Suencer, M. D.: contralto solo,
SUter Lillian Wilson; invocation,. P. G. P.
Sister Wittenmyer; soprano- solo, ."Absent,"
Sister Minnie Kalloch; reading. Sister Lucille
Frank; quartet, N. D. G. W. — first soprano,
Miss Etta Welsh; second • soprano. Sister Belle
O'Brien; first alto. Sister Lillian Wilson: sec
ond alto. Sister Etta O'Brien; barytone solo,
"The Brighter Day," Edward C. Boysen; In
memorlam. Sister Anne. Worth; soprano solo,
"Lead. Kindly Light," Miss Verdi E. Gil
more; contralto solo. Sister Etta O'Brien; ben
ediction, P. G. P. Sister Wittenmyer; "Amer
cla," orchestra. ¦
Following are the names of those who
are mourned: - q '
The Native Daughters of the Golden
West of Alameda County and San Fran
cisco ' held memorial services In honor
of departed members In Native Sons' Hall
yesterday afternoon. The hall wa3 beau
tifully decorated with white and purple
bunting, Intervened with festoons of ever
green. Across the stage the words "In
Memory of Our Departed Sisters" were
suspended in silver letters. An American
flag and the badge of the order done in
flowers completed the decorations.
A touching eulogy over, the members of
the order "who "have gone before was pro
nounced by Past Grand President Sister
Berthula, M. D. . An eloquent oration was
delivered by Grand President Genevieve
Baker. The •: rest of the programme ! fol
lows:
Solemn Memorial
Native Daughters Hold
HONOR MEMORY
OF THEIR DEAD
Games Committee— James Smith (chairman),
Tim Dundon, M. Gaul, B. Timmlns. John
Ganey, Patrick Flanagan.
Reception Committee— Thomas Cannon Pat
rick-Kenny, Patrick Donohoe, P Tonor T
Desmond, J. J. O'Connor, William Lynch, Dan
O'Connor. M. O'Neill. ¦
Committee on Irish Dances — Joseph P Kelle
her, James Smith, William Murphy, Daniel
Ready, John. Lynch, .P. Lynch.
Judges of Irish Dances — Michael Casey. J. J.
Caniffe, Patrick Lynch. .
Committee of Arrangements — "William Mur
phy (chairman), J. J. Sullivan (secretary).
Charles L. Sheahan (treasurer), Joseph P Kel
lener, James Smith, Michael Casey. H P Fil
gate, William Hudson, J. F. McArdle' '
Floor manater William Hudson; assistant,
H. P. Filgate. Floor committee — M. Brady T
McNaboe, George Lowe.'T. J. Mellott, Patrick
Crowe. . '
A novel and very Interesting feature of
the occasion was the prize jig 'and reel
dancing. Mrs. M. O. Sullivan was declar
ed the best lady dancer, Mrs. J. J. Roger
son came second, and Miss Lane third.
The gentlemen prize winners were Wil
liam Murphy, Michael Desmond and John
Keene. Races were held for boys, girls
young men, young ladies, married men,
married ladies, commltteemen, fat men
an d fat ladles. Other prominent features
of the day's entertainment were dancing
and a concert. A considerable sum .-of
money was realized from the affair which
will/ be used in the benevolent work of the
society. , .
That the outing was so successful was
due mainly to the efforts of the following
named committees:
Movements of Steamers.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from th» depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Lays a New Cable.
The tugs Alert and Transit were engaged
yesterday in laying a cable for the Postal
Telegraph Company between Clay-street wharf
and Goat Island, and successfully accomplished
the task by noon. The old cable had been
damaged by the dragging of a ship's anchor
during the recent heavy gale.
Sailor Falls Off Gangplank.
John Turgulni. a sailor on the British ship
Windsor Park, fell off the gangplank yester
day morning as he was attempting to get
aboard the ship. He was sent to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. Murphy found that his
back was badly contused, and that he was
considerably cut about the head.
Lucero Goes to Seattle.
The gasoline launch Lucero, which was form
erly owned by Charles L. Fair, is on the Mer
chants' dry dock, being cleaned and repainted.
She will be towed to the Arctic Oil Works
wharf to-day, where changes ordered made in
her machinery will be completed. She will
be fitted out for a trip to Seattle, where her
new owners, the Pacific Packing and' Naviga
tion Company, will use her as a dispatch boat.
Dirigo Is Spoken.
Word was received yesterday at the Mer
chants' Exchange that the American ship Dir
igo. out over three months from Hongkong to
Hilo, had been spoken off the Japan coast on
March 30. Fifteen per cent reinsurance has
been offered on the Dlrigo, but the receipt of
this news, though a long time reaching this
port, has caused a withdrawal of her name
from the list of overdue*.
Big Cargo of Jute.
The British steamer Caithness, .which ar
rived on Friday, docked yesterday at Union
street wharf and will proceed at once to dis
charge her cargo of jute and grain bags. The
jute will be eent to San Quentin. Captain
Clegg says his orders are to go to Puget Sound
for a load of lumber for Buenos Ayres. The
Caithness had an uneventful trip out.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
FranciHCo Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Perkins has .won the heiress , he met In
the Adirondacks it will be the correct
thing for ambitious young men to fre
quent secluded summer resorts, where the
very air breathes gentle sentimentality
and one is so close to nature that to fol
low her dictates and fall in love seems
the only thing to do. There is something
infectious, too, about the moonlight, and
when a man is enough in harmony with
his surroundings to say just the right
thing at the right time he bids fair to
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Australia, Captain R. T. Lawless, sailed yes
terday on her last trip to Tahiti. On her re
turn she will be succeeded by the reconstruct
ed Mariposa, which will be one of the finest
passenger steamers sailing from this port. The
Aui-tralia carried five first cabin and seven
second cabin passengers. There were five
whites and fifty-two Chinese in the steerage.
The Australia had a large amount of freight on
board.
Australia Sails for Tahiti.
The new steam schooner Brooklyn had
her trial trip yesterday, and came up to
the expectations of her owners, Beadle
Bros. With a large party of guests, on
board, the Brooklyn steamed about the
bay for several hours, making an aver
age of a little more than ten knots on
the measured mile course. A return was
made to the wharf, where. a number of
passengers got off. The remainder went
on a trip outside the heads, and the
Brooklyn proved herself a good sea boat.
"I have been twenty years in the ship
ping business on this coast," said George
Beadle on his return, "and that was the
first time I was ever on the ocean."
Mr. Beadle declined to state how he
liked his experience.
The Brooklyn is of 293 gross ton
nage, and has a carrying capacity of
fifty passengers. She was built by Lind
strom of Aberdeen, Wash. . The engines
were constructed by the Fulton Iron
Works. Captain W. F. Higglns, formerly
of the Ruth, will command her. The
Brooklyn will go into commission this
week, running to points on the Mendo
cino coast and making alternate trips
with the Punta Arena. This will give a
semi-weekly service.
Australia Starts on Final
Voyage to Islands in
South Seas.
Everybody wondered on the way out of
the church why the Perkins-Huntington
wedding was so solemn. The lavish deco
rations of giant palms, ferns and Easter
lilies were beautiful. The gowns in their
elegance and artistic effect surpassed
anything San Francisco had ever before
seen at a wedding; they were really won
derful. Still the wedding party felt the
solemnity of the occasion to such a de
gree that nobody smiled. Now that Mr.
sweep over- San Francisco, remind
ing us that we must hasten with our
shopping and pack trunks before our
spring hats are all blown to pieces. -The
resorts close by are the first to be sought,
as It is possible for busy men who secure
quarters at these to leave the city at
night to see their families and then hie
themselves back to work again the next
morning. Dr. and Mrs, , James . A. Black
have taken their wonderful V baby and
gone to the Hotel Rafael for a month,
and the doctor will come to the city
every day. Later he will remain in the
city while Baby Black and his mother
take a short trip to the mountains to
escape hot weather.
Mr. and Mrs. Worthington Ames (nea
Preston) will be delightfully situated in
a cottage at San Mateo, and as they will
have many friends about them and Bur
lingame two miles away they are sure to
have a happy summer. San Mateo bids
fair to be more popular' this season 1 than
Burlingame, as many residents of the lat
ter place have closed their homes and
gone East and abroad. The Hotel Mate<j
is falling up rapidly under the new man
agement. Wrenn & Spaulding. have con
verted the grounds into a. veritable-gar
den of Eden, and the cozy cottages
tucked away here and there are beauti
fully equipped. When Mr. Wrenn was at
the Occidental and • California hotels fair
maids and matrons made a great point of
telling their troubles to him, and I have
an idea that his kind solicitude and gen
tle manners have much to do with ins
success in life.
IT " is quite apparent that ' everybody
who isn't playing ping pone is get
ting ready to go out : of town. The
trade winds have already begun to
As the steamship China passed beyond
the heads on . her last trip out, a .tug
drew alongside and a solitary man climb
ed down on to the smaller craft and made
hi ; lonely way back to this city. It has
leaked out that this man was Mr. Du
peru, who had gone aboard - ¦ the big
steamer with the Herrins and remained
devotedly at the side of the fair Cath
erine as long as nautical rules would
permit. SALLY SHARP.
Miss Edith Huntington and her mother,
Mrs. W. V. Huntington, did not come
back to . San Francisco : for the wedding,
as was : erroneously reported. .They. 4 were
Invited, of course, and places were saved
for them . at ".- the table, , but they were
enjoying themselves . too ' much in New
York to return. They may flit across the
pond for the coronation before we see
them again. They will spend part of
the summer at Newport. The Chicago
Chronicle has just published some friend
ly gossip about this- debutante, mention
ing that . she is known as "the pretty
Miss Huntington." The Chronicle as
sures , us that; nature, perhaps to make
up for the loss of the Huntington mil
lions, has . given Miss Edith charms
enough to grace all the Huntington mil
lions or to make her Independent of
them; that shells one of the -prettiest
girls in society. She plays,' sings, speaks
French and dances gracefully;, her man
ners have the intangible reserve .of good
breeding.' : She . rides well, swims .well,
plays golf and tennis, dresses with good
taste and adorns her clothes Instead of
displaying' them. She is, in short, • a
charming young gentlewoman,, who finds
society delightful and will; be' found de
lightful by society wherever/she goes.
Her special forte is music,' and she has
an exceedingly sweet voice, which is be
ing cultivated by- Michelena. She is ever
surrounded by a coterie. of admirig men
at , social functions, and it will soon be
her turn to wear the bridal veil.
remain- in demand for all. time to come. 1
Whether the groom will retain his clerical
position now that he is a member of the
family ., of a multi-millionaire, is not
known. Mr. , and Mrs. Perkins ¦ will live
in New York, having taken apartments at
the Majestic Hotel..
Steam Schooner Brook
lyn Takes First Spin
on the Brine.
SUCCESS MARKS
HER TRIAL TRIP
"MISS EDITH HUNTINGTON,
WHO HAS BECOME . A FA
VORITE IN THE EAST. • :
5
AMUSEMENTS.
*»v fe w Wi O B E$l i£M3ir:o iueatei
Powell st., near Market.
SECOND AXD LAST "WEEK.
MR. &¦ C. MISS MAXINE
GOOCW.^ LlLIoTT
To-night, Tuesday and Wodn^Pday Xights and
Mutinee Saturday,
MTV AMERICAN CITIZEN.
Tfccrgflar. Friday and Saturday Nights
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE"
IHIWLw Metlnecs $150. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
EEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
..JOHN DREW...
In "THC SECOND IN COMMAND ••
SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER=Extra
B^A B V Placed
ULiHL £ u) On Sale
THIS MORNING
FOR THE
EXCEPTIONAL GALA ENTERTAINMENT
In Aid of the
NEW
Given Under the Direction of the
ACTORS' FUND OF AMERICA
Keit Thursday Afternoon, May 8
Commencing at 1:30 Enarp.
THE PROGRAMME WILL, INCLUDE
N. C. GOODWIN. MAXINE ELLIOTT AND
COMPANY.
JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY.
EDWARD HARRIGAN AND THE GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY.
FEATURE ACTS FROM THE ORPHEUM.
ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY.
CENTRA!. THEATER COMPANY.
PRICES— $2. »1 50. $L 50c.
ELITE VAUDEVILLE!
Miss Julia Heinrich; Raymond and
Caverly; Brothers Hoste; Hilda
Thomas and Company; The Flor-
enz Troupe; The Five XTosses; Lrou-
ise Dresser; Wilton Brothers, and
Last Week of Milton and Dollis
ITobles, presenting "A Blue Grass
Widow."
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seal* and Opera Chairs, 50c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT — First Presentation at This House
or Alice Neilsen's Famous Operatic Hit,
THE
SINGING GIRL
SPLENDID MUSIC— FURIOUS FUN. „
Never Before in This City at These
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 00c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
ANOTHER RECORD BREAKER.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
SK&S WEDNESDAY
MS. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Presenting en a Grani Scale,
UNDER THE
RED^ROBE.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
B.-orscn Howard's Powerful Comedy Drama,
ARISTOCRACY.
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
BEAT SALE THURSDAY. ;
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. •
MATINFE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Funniest of All Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
The Richest Play Of Its Kind.
GKEAT SPECIALTIES. ETC.
First Appearance at This Theater ot
WILL H. BRAY.
THE RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET
All This Week.
The Talk of the City.
TDirCC Evenings 10c. ISe 25c. 85c. ,50e
IILII/C3 Jlaxinees 10c. 16c. 25c
Next Week— "THE WORLD."
BELAECO & THALL Manager*
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
FIRST TIME ON ANY STAGE.
The Event of the Theatrical Season.
ff»7 * j ¦* An American I
When the p %arj
Heart Was Young.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. SOc. 75c.
FISCHER'S THEATER
O'Farrtll. bet. Stockton and Powell eta.
Telephone Main 231.
THE APOSTLE I OTHER POET
OR SOME I SAID,
There Is a Time for Everything,
AND THIS IS TOUR TIME
IF YOU EXPECT TO BEE
"FIDDLE DEE 'DEE"
And you reust get seats a week in advance.
for '•etandlns room" Is at a premium every
mt.-;it, and at the Saturday and Sunday Mati-
nees.
This in Che fifth neek, and there i« some-
thing new all the time.
polor-A Desirable location.
1 CiluWw unsurpassed cuisine.
- u n equaled ser- .
Cfl/f vice and modern
tllll* conveniences are the
r ' attributes that have
fir*? tin made these two ho-
UlUilU tels popular with
__ t tourists and travel-
it A (A I C crs w ho visit San
iiWVaa Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
TELEPHONE / -/ -#-tf?5% M W^SiiS
222-224- S UTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS,
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Everything needed for your picnic or
outing basket can te found here at
reduced prices.
HAMMOCKS with Spreader, 75c
Reg-. $1.25 and $1.00. Assorted colors.
FURNITURE BEATER, reg 50c,^ 30c
Rattan, wire bourn}. -
CLOTHES LINE, ISO ft, reg 50c, 35c
Waterproof; will not kink nor shrink.
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes 25c
Reg. 3 for 25c. The article every body-
uses.'
SOAP, "NEW ERA," large cakes
Our finest laundry.
Reg. 6— 50c......... .............. O— 5Oe
Res- 20 ck. box $1.50 81.1O
LAVARINE, 3 for 25c
Best washing powder. Reg. 10c pkg.
Washing made easy.
CLARET, reg 50c gal -35c
A good table wine.
GIN, Holland, L. L.& Co's
Reg. 90c bottle 75c
Reg. 54.00 gallon........ $3.OO
FRENCH CLARET, "St Estepfo" of
H. Michaelsen & Cie.,
Bordeaux. A limited . quantity only
to reduce stock. This wine is worth
double. One doz. qts $5.OO
FRUIT SYRUPS— Home Made—
Raspberry, strawberry, grenadine,
pineapple, lemon. ,~ ' > ¦
Reg. 50c qt. bot 35c
Reg. 25c pt. bot 25Oe
PRUNES 3 lbs 25c
Oregon Italian. Reg. 12%c lb. Extra
large size.
P1M-0LAS y , 3 for 50c
"Baby." Reg. 20c jar. Stuffed with
sweet Spanish pepper.
ORANGE MARMALADE jar 20c
Home-made. Reg. 25c. Guaranteed
finest California.
CHEESE, reg 22^c 2 lbs 35c
"New York," "Martin's." The best.
CHEESE, reg 20c 2 lbs 25c
California mild. ,, •
MUSHROOMS®; 2 tins 45c
(Champignons). Reg. 30c, Jacquot's
finest French.
TOILET SOAP 3 cake box 20c
"Colgate's." "Gerosa." Reg. 25c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
HUSEUti OF ANATOMY?
£B ' W5UIASHT6T. tat. 14*74, S.f.C»l. k
XJf The Larrest Aoatomiiu) Museum in the \
—^SS^ World. VVe»knes««» of »ny contracted A
ife «Sa *"« e p«««»»»*iy emr»4 h y the .West T
IK S 1 1 Sped»liii on t&e Co«st. E»l 36 jtxii. Q
flS^I DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
FSaS^&H Consultation free and stricMy prints. \
I jSejf H Trsaiment personally or by le;tcr. A A
I ST QH Potitit* Curt in every cue undertaken. . \
H /* A Write for Book. rHILO«OPnY of A
1 I HiRRMGB, MAtLBO FREE. ( A T
¦ft , , xaluable book for mrn) ,- • " \
DB. JTOBDAM A CO., 1051 Mark.* t St. S. V. Y
EAUWM TBAVEIii
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-»trxt Ferry Depot.
-'¦ ¦ ¦ •¦•¦ •. ~ Local Llm'd Gvrl'd | Local
'. Dally Daily Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a >:00a R:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05p 3:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a.......
••Vlsalla.. 3:39 p. ...... 6:00 a ......
•' Bakersfld 8:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City .%..... 2:4Oa 7:30 a ........
** Chicago. 2:15 p 8:00 p .......
a for morning." p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Llnv
' ited. carrying Palace Sleeping Car* and
I Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation ¦ of
'* local : first -class ' passengers. No eecoad*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:06 a. m. dally.
- 4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m.,fially.
8 p. n>- i» . th«. Overland Express. ; with
through ( Palace ¦ and : TourUt , Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
'Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Freano.
Corresponding train ' arrives at 6:00 p m.
"«aily.\ J ; •/ - .-'-"..- ' -'-•
7 :20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
'at all point* In San Joaquln Valley.. Cor-
respondlns train arrives at 8:40 a.m. dally
- Offices — 641 ¦ Market street and In Ferry'
Depot, Ban Francisco; ' 1112 Broadway.'
• Oakland. •"-;-. ¦".-:
NEW, ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATJSE OF FALLING 'HAIR.
Dandruff, Which' Is a Germ Disaass.
Kill the Germ: ;
Falling, .'hair Ms. caused by_ , dandruff ,
¦which -is- a germ disease. 'The , germ .in
burrowing ; into ¦; the -root of \the V hair,
.•where'. it k destroys the ''vitality of \'the
hair,; causing 'the \- hair to fall out, foigs
up 'the cuticle in little scales, called : dan-'
druff ori scurf. : Yon can' t stop , the falling
hair without curing the dandruff," and you
can't 'cure the', dandruff without killing
the dandruff germ. ; "£>estroy , the' cause,
you- remove ; tho ; effect." ' • Ne wbro's Herpi-
cide ; Is} the : only : hair preparation : ¦ that
kills the 'dandruff 'germ. .rHerpicide Is also
a delightful hair" dressing. ;
AUCTION!
VON RHEIN R, : E. CO.
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THUR.SDAY, JV\I\^y 15th
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP. -.
Cor* Geary and Loguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
-, r ~7 137 :fl T~"
"' ' " S
te " i
Jo a
27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OF JUDGE W. C.
VAN FLEET.
27x127:6—2721 Pacific. W of Scott; 12 rooms,
3 baths; hardwood floors; furnace, range, bil-
i Hard room, reception hall, etc.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6—2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderick; 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc;
good yard.
COR. JONES AND FILBERT— RENTS $63.
41x70 — NE. cor. Jones and Filbert; 4 flats;
marine view; bank mortgage can remain; 090-
996 Filbert. .
LEAVENWORTH, NR. ELLIS— Rents $57 50.
22x86:6 — 310 and 312 Leaven worth. Far ab-
solute certainty of advance in value no location
superior to' this.
2l6t-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30.
25x100— 2932 and 2934 21st St.. N. line, east
of Treat ave.: each flat 5 rooms and bath.
S. W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.
100x100, with store and residence improve-
ments — 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth -st., or will
sell corner. 55:6x100 and adjoining lot on
Seventeenth St., 44:6x100.
BUILDING LOTS— CASTRO AND 10th STS.
45x80— West line of Castro, 30 feet N. of
10th, in 1 or 2 lots; also 45x75, N. line of
19th. W. of Castro, in 1 or 2 lota.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115, west line of Diamond,
310 feet S. of - Twenty-first street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
< 30:6x117:6 to an alley — MWslon sunny belt;
east line of Dolores, 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolores is one of the widest streets In the city.
GEART-STRTET CORNER— RENT $34.
25x92—2293 Geary and 1316 to 20 Broderick;
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage can
remain.
, RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
¦>...v»AX fKAXClSCO.
(Main Line, root of Market Street )
Uati — FaoM Apkii. 20. 1902. — A%»trm
7.00a Benlcls, SuUun, Elinlra and Sacrar
mento .".:. ;. 8.53?
7.00a Vacarllle. TVlnten. Ramaey 7.6Sr
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon. Vullejo,
Kapa. CalUtoga, Santa Rosa. 8.2Sr
8.00a Davis, Woodland. KnlsbU Landing,
MarysvtUe. OroTllle 7-SSp
8.00a Atlantic Express"— Osden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lathrop. Stockton 7.2&P
8.00a Xlles, Mcndota, Bonford, Vlsalla.
Porterrllle 4.65*
8.30a Shasta Express— Davin, William*
(for Bartlett Springs), Wtllovrs,
Bed Bluff, Portland 7.55* „ .
8. 30a San Jose. Llrermors, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle.
MnrysTlltc. Chlco. Red Blnff 4.2S?
8.30a OaJcdale.Chlnese.Sonora.Tuolmnne 4.25F
».0Oa Vallejo_ 12.25*
8.00a Los Angelea Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.gtockton.M Breed.
Kaymond.FresnoahdLosAii^elea 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55*
tiO.OOA Hayward. Mies and "Way Stations. 112.55?
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omana, Chicago 6.25*
ti.COP Sacramento River Steamers.... ,...t11.00*
3-OOr Benlcia. ATlntera. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
MarysTUle. Orovlile 10.55*
3.30r Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-55?
4-00P Martinez. San Kamon.ValleJo.Xapa,
Callstogs, Santa Uosn 9. 25a
4.00* Kites. Llverraore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward,J(lles,SanJo«e,LlTermore T8.55a
4-30p The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tuiare,
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbnra, Los Angeles 8.55a
6.00? PortCosta,Tracr,Latbrop,Stoclcton 10.25a
| 6-OQp Jdartlnez, Antloch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Raymond. Fresno 12-25*
t6.30r Klles Local 72Ba
6. OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Jose. 7.6Sa
t8.00P Vallejo- 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Oman*. St. Louis. Chicago 425*
7.00r San Pablo, Port Costa, Martines
and Way Stations. 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo.... 7.S5*
8.05* Oregon * California Express— Sac-
: - ramento, Marysville. Redding.
¦' Portland. Puget Sound and Cast. 8.55a
r t».10* Hayward and X lies til -65a
COAST LINE (> arrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
1745a Santa Cm* Excursion.... J3.CS*
8.15a Newark, Centervllle, San Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, fiant*
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
12.15* Kewark, Centervllle. San Jose.
Kew Almaden. Felton. Boulder
Creek, Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.60a
4.15* Kewark. San Jose, Los Gatoa +8. 50a
M-15p San Jose, Lou Gaton. Santa Crui. . . cg.SOA ¦
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
From 8 AN FRANCISCO. Fout of Market St. (Slip I)
— 17:13 9:00 11:00 AJi. 1.00 300 515p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:0O #:<»
t8:05 10:00a.m. 12-00 2.00 400r.it.
COAST LINE (Broad fiance).
(Third and Townnend Streets.) .
8.10a Baa Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7 00a Saa Jose and Way Stations t300A
7.00a Kew Almaden /4.10*
t7.15A Monterey Excursion :3.3Cj»
8.00a Coa»t Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Sallnnn, San Luis Oblspo,
- Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.48*
9-OOa San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San LuU
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
' 10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8. 38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7.00*
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose.
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, S»l!n»«,
Del Monte, Mostsrey and Pacific
Grove t10.45a
3-30* Son Jose, Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations . . . . 7.30*
t4.15r San Jose and PrlndpalWayStattons 5-30*
t5.00r ban Josr, Los liatos and Principal
WaySUtlons. t900A'
5-30* San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 6-30* '
6-30p San Jose and Way Stations 7-30?
7.C0r Kew Orleans Express — San Luis
Oblfpo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
geles, Demlnz, El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East 1Q-3OA
•11.45* San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. .
• Saturday only. e Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
a julu nnlv.
CALIfOHNlA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CO
LESSEES
SA» rBJIHCISGQ'ANJ MXU PACIFii
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:3ft.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra tripa at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. . :
SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.:
12:50, 3:40 5:20 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:23 o. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Franclscoj May 4, 1902. |3an Francisco
Week I Sun- I Deatina. I Sun- I "Weei
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days,
7:30 a 8:00a Novato 10:40 ai 8:40a,
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p(10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Roaa 7:33 pj 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:23 a
5:00 p Bealdaburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyaervill*
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a 3:00 a Wllllts 7:35 p 10:20 a
7:30 a 8:00 a Eopland 10:40a 10:25 a
3:30 p 5:00 p Uklah 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a I Guernevllle . I 7:33 pj 10:25*
3:30 pt 5:00 pj 110:40 aj 6:20 >
7:30 a 8:00 al Sonoma | 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:25 a
3:30 p- 5:00 p| | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at"
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle; ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelaey ville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lalw-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe, Orr's
Hot Springs, Half-Way House, Comptche.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usal: at W1111U for Sher-
wood Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville. Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen" a. Dyer. Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off.ee. 650 Market street. Cbronlclo
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Saxisallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANC^CO^OjTU^ VA1XKT,
WEEK DATS— 6:43. »7:43. 8^43, 9:30. ll:0O
a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:13. 4:15. 3:13. »tt:l3.
«:45 .0:45. 11:45 p. m. .7:43 a. m. does not
run 'to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00. »10:00, 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. »l:3O. 2:30. '3:0, 8:00. 6.00
7:SO 8:45. 11:45 v. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. 1
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. •6:20. 7:40. 8:15. ft:W
11:00 a. m.. 12:23, 2:15, *3:30. 4:40. 3:30, 6:43^
10*13 P- m .
SUNDAYS— «:00. •S-.OO, 9:30. ni:0O a, m.
•12:00 mT. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:18. •5:48. «& -
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FKOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:40, 6:40 7:45. 8:25. 9:4A'
11:10 a m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:2fli 7:10
10:15 p. m.-
8UNDAYS—«:30. 7:55 10:05. 11:10 a, m
12:13. 1:20. 2:30. 8:45. 5:00. 6:05, 7:13, 10:tf
** "^ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way -
stations.
- 3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Casadero and way
stations. i Jl^fl' ¦* *<w wyMssMawajaiifcsjssaiifcsjw^
6:15 p. m. week days . {Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. .
T1OUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry"! Arrive •
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
¦BS £?.. <»•¦
*-— -— al;hl at tt>. "T»«ra *t Tvatl- — f —
l%t 9-00 A »^-«-»-h»— -'*> 1 ?1U- l$&}
Hit: &$l£ -¦r-wtS'-r'^ ™*' S?
".'.¦.".Z*. im pI "Tina of luiipur siso v. Z'™Z
.....Z". 2:30 r'. Oj««»n«»« »•«!«•*. 8:15 f „.
l*TU8M!$ULt— U»«Ti»«n»:»». Krt«»Mir™»rtwill*r.
Tl.k.l OMc... «fl MARXn STBXBT m* 3AC3AL1TO TKtMI.
Y^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mj+^msJa 6120 KEARNY ST. Established
1^34 for the treatmt-nt of ITlvxta
K4 i3s>*ffiw I>lw»«e*. '-«"<' il^nlUMKl. Debility or
|S9<m£>.<u£ftf1l-u>ii8» wearing on body and mlml and
Disrsses. The Doctorcures when
7 >ffl^Kw£ll others ' ail - Trr him - rhllr S t '" low -
isvjjj 5^' i^TlMraSB 1 ' tt ri — irrrr— ¦"'*•¦' C»Horwts»sV«.*
Dr. J.T. til BBOA, !S*u Francisco; Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Meflin's
Food nourishes the
whole system and
provides for a perfect
and normal develop-
ment.
Send for a free sample of Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
\yj~;, Aarr/SEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK. ;
America's Greatest Author- Actor.
EDIA/ARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harrigran'8 Famous Play,
THE LEATHER PATCH.
A Whirlwind of Fun and an Avalanche of
Laughter. „
Hear Dave Braham's Songs: "Denny Grady's
Hack," "It Showered Again," "Baxter Ave-
nue" and "Put On Your Bridal Veil."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c, 75c. '
Good Orchestra Seat* All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week — "REILLY, AND THE 400." ,
thFcMtes
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue. ¦;'-¦ .'••¦
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
JACK NORWORTH: THE CLIPPER QUAR-
TET; GORMAN AND KEPFLER; PETCH-
ING BROTHERS; FRED STUBER; GRANT
AND GRANT and New Moving Pictures. - ' ;
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Col. Edward Beaupre,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
FIRST AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c; V CHILDREN. 6c.
Phone ¦ for Seat*— Park 23. - .- Team shoot between prominent members of
various shooting organizations; contestants
-were allowed 100 shots each — Captain Al Getv
ret 2111. Frank E. Mason 2199, John Utschlg
2162, Otto Bremer 2135, N. Ahrens 1943; total
10,555: Captain F. P. Schuster 2139. D. B.
Faktor 2174. Louis Bendel 2108. Herman Hu
ber 2102. J. D. Heise 2036; total 10.559.
Oakland Turner Rifle Club, monthly medal
shoot — Conrad I<enz 146, A. Mant* 140 H.
Krake 134, H. Klelnenbrolch 152. John Wind
mueller 201. H. Landgraf 170. M. Loeffler 81,
C. Springer 136. A. Clausenlus 112. Paul Uth«
137. H. Feldmann 102.- Theodor Gler 138.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — R.
Blther 35, C. Iverson 35, M. Barto 33. J. Dono
van 35. H. Frederlckson 38, F. Skowran 30, F.
Schohay 27, C. Frederlckson 34, H. Qoetjen
Jr.. 34, J. Behimer 30. H. Goetjen 38. P Scbo
nlg 37. H. Marxolt 38. C. Hertng 33. .
Match shoot between "W. W. McGowan and
Lieutenant H. G. Stindt resulted as follows:
McGowan 49, Lieutenant Sttndt 60. On a B0
shot score Lieutenant Stindt made 240. * J
Company F. First Infantry; montnly medal
« h< 1>VrS ap^ ln o J - F - Essert a > Ueutenant H.
G. Stindt 46, Sergeant J. C. Klesow 31. Se£
geant T. A. Marlowe 24. Sergeant L. M Re»
39. Sergeant A. Meyer 30, Corporal C. Chester
as. Corporal J. A. McCarthy 23, Corporal M
Gans 29, Musician B. de Martini 37 L. J*
Cherighlno 43, M. Davis 12, E. Fraser 26 T°
J. Foley 12, W. Kermode 38. C. J. Wehr' 25*
F. Ctaiistophe 32. H »
1st 2d
NAME. Score. Score. Total.
First Class — 1 '
H. Huber 1S9 205 394
C. Gelrrine 58 31 &}
3. Cobby 129 184 313
E. Perkins ; l«l 144 305
E. Cobby ll» 165 284
W. A. Slebe 147 155 30a
L. Slebe 105 134 239
H. Klelnenbrolch 168 1U7 335
H. Puckhaber 113 138 251
H. Bordfeld 69 01 i«o
R. "Wlxson 83 130 212
A. Niehaus 94 144 238
A. Stroiber lQB 70 v i78
T. Brown 171 m 2S2
W. W. Thompson 94 181 255
G. Mitchell 175 199 ££
Second Class. 50 yds —
A. Kamm 143 193 338 ',
Dr. Burt Roche 202 171 37* J
William Kenney m 164 S
D. Wllbern i 82 204 396
E. Nlehaus 162 131 293
H. Curry 190 i»« vo«
William Wilke, ...I:! 1S5 195 380
John C. Rlngen 197 207 404
£. A. Lorenzer 164 176 340
C. A. Becker 139 195 oai
Third class, 50 yfls— *"
B. Schullerts 104 119 223
J. Kenney 153 141 299
J. Burton 121 123 244
F. Schullerta 101 138 239
O. Hughes 63 74 142
V. Poulsen 135 111 2 4ft
A - gerry 177 187 3ft4
A. Panlsen 163 187 350
The eagle shoot of the Deutscher
Krieger Verein was the event of most In
terest yesterday at the Shell Mound
ranges. The wooden bird hung tena
ciously to the pole until late in the after
noon, when H. Jurgena loosened the last
vestige of it and was proclaimed, king for
the ensuing year, amid great enthusiasm-
Fritz Kaiser secured the cro-v^n, A.
Francke the ring, L. Laubscher the scep
ter, H. Honninger the apple, J. Welz the
neck. Dr. Max Klonk the right talon, H.
Jurgens the right wing, F. Sander ths
left wing and A. Moebes the tall.
The other organizations represented
yesterday were the Shell Mound Pistol
and Rifle Club, Independent Rifles, Oak
land Turner Rifle Club and Company F,
First Infantry, National Guard of Cali
fornia.
John C. Rlngen of the Shell Mound Club
made a total of 404, composed of two ten
shot scores. Lieutenant . Stindt of Com
pany F made a clean score with the ritla
at 200 yards.
The results of the day's shooting are as
follows: , .
Shell Mound Pistol and Rlfla Club, monthly
medal shoot, with rifle. 200 yards, two scores,
ten shots each :
Attendanca at Shell Mound
Is Large for an Off
Sunday.
Krieger Verein Holds
an Exciting Eagle
Shoot.
JURGENS WINS
THE KING PRIZE
Besides the two racers, nearly the whole
Corinthian fleet attended the opening
cruise of the season. A start was made
from Tiburon Cove shortly before noon,
Commodore E. F. Sagar's flagship Edna
leading. The fleet stood over to the city
front and thence out to Fort Point, keep.-
Ing well out of the way of the racers. The
results of the Presto-Harpoon race are
shown in the table: 1
The race took place over the regular
Corinthian course, which has an esti
mated length of fourteen miles. The
yachts were sent off 10 a one-gun start
at 12:30 p. m., the Harpoon, sailed by
Fred Riiss Cook, crossing the line a few
seconds ahead of the Presto, sailed by
Frank Stone. From the wharf the yachts
beat out to and round Presidio Shoal buoy,
leaving it on the port hand; thence to
Blossom Rock buoy, round which they
gybed; thence to Southampton Shoal buoy;
thence. to and round Presialo Shoal buoy;
thence to finishing line.at Meiggs wharf.
The Harpoon made most of her gain on
the first run from Presidio Shoal buoy to
Blossom Rock buoy. The Presto, having
a sailing length of twenty-eight feet, re
ceived an . allowance of 6 minutes 50 1-10
seconds from, the Harpoon, the sailing
length of which is 32.87 feet. The race
was on an ebb tide throughout and there
was a moderate southwesterly breeze.
The regatta committee consisted of E. B.
Learning . T. J. Kavanaugh and P. J;
Martensteln. . .
The* first of three trials of sneed be
tween the Corinthian yachts Harpoon and
Presto, held yesterday, resulted in favor
of the Harpoon by a margin of 161-10
seconds.
the Narrowest of
: Margins.
Defeats Yacht Presto by
HARPOON FIRST
IN SPEED TRIAL
The four stakes that made up the pro
gramme at Union Coursing Park yester
day resulted In a good card of sport.
In the Bench Show open stake the
Pasha Kenenls figured one. two in the de
ciding course. Rural Artist and Rocker
being the contestants for final honors.
Rocker led and after making the turn re
linquished possession to Rural Artist.
The imported ' courser, came In for two
turns, and scoring the kill, won the stake
from his kennelmate by • a single point.
The Artist's victory is his first since his
importation to this country. - ,
Albert Curtis' kennel took first and sec
ond money in the Bench Show champion
stake, with Charta and Luxor. -Charta
won the stake, beating her opponent by a
score of 7 to 2. In the nr3t round Luxor,
because of the withdrawal of Tame Tra
lee, was given a "bye." Old Ironsides,
which had been beaten In th« reserve
stake, was selected as the bye dog. j The
conditions made Luxor a strong favorite
and his backers quoted 4 to 1 that their
choice would win. When the flag went up
the youngster had beaten his more experi
enced mate by a close score.
Luxor evened matters by outpointing
Palo Alto at 3 to 1 and Sacramento Boy at
2 to 1 in his next courses. --
Dewdrop beat Cold Shivers In the de
ciding course of the class reserve stake
by a score of S to 2.. *.' -
M. C. Delano's young dog Conroy beat
•E. B. Reid's Mark Twain pointless In the
sapling stake. Conroy is by Connemara-
Dinah and is the first of that sire s prog
eny to annex a stake. In going through
the sapling event Conroy reached first
honors without allowing a point to be
scored against him. Following are the
day's results, with Judge John Grace s of
ficial scores»: f
Bench Show stake, open: Second round-
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire beat E. Geary's
Rov Hughle, 3-2; F. Jones' Tyrone Prince beat
J. ' Trade's Belle Rocket, ti-1: F. Darling s
Gambet beat S. H. Wilson's General Dewet.
5-0; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat H.
Perlgo's Belfast. 4-0; P. Doyle's Liberator beat
W. C. Badger's Alert. 4-0; Pasha Kennels May
Hempstead beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill. 5-3;
C. G. Whallon's Gilmore beat W. Cramer's
Lily Wright. 5-0; E. Geary's Fannie Hughle
beat J. Hurley's Sugar Cane. 2-0; E. Geary s
Ruby Sankey beat M. Nealon's Pat Freedom,
7-1: Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat A. yander
wblte's Flora. McDonald, 3-1: O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson beat M. Kerrigan's Prometheus, 4-2;
Alameda Kennels' Lilac beat J. F. Rogers
Glaucus 4-0; Kelley & Hanley's Fearful Snip
beat E*. McAndrew's Nancy Till, 4-3; J.
Kitchen's Honor Bright beat J. Manning's
Dcreen 5-0; P. J. Reilly's Honesty beat>S. A.
Smith's Petronlus. 6-2; T. Burke's Aggie "W
beat Chiarlni Bros.* Santonin. 3-2; Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist beat T. Burke's John
Heenan 4-0; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughle a bye.
Third round — Regal Attire beat Tyrone
Prince, 8-1; Royal Archer beat Gambit, 4-1;
Liberator beat May Hemp"STead, 4-1; Gilmore
beat Fannie Hughla, 5-3; Rocker beat Ruby
Sankey, 3-2; Lilac beat Miss Wilson, 4-0;
Honor Bright beat Fearful Ship, 6-1; Rural
Artist beat Honesty. 3-2; Aggie W beat Bon
nie Hughle. 5-1. »
Fourth round — Liberator beat Regal Attire,
2-1: Royal Archer beat Gilmore. 3-2; Rocker
boat Lilac* 3-0; Rural Artist beat Honor
Bright, 4-0; Aggie W a bye.
Fifth round — Liberator beat Royal Archer,
3-1:. Rocker beat Aggie W. .2-0; Rural Artist
a bye.
Sixth round— Rural Artist beat Liberator,
3-2; Rocker a bye.
Deciding course — Rural Artist beat Eocker.
4-3.
Champion Bench stake: First round — A. R.
Curtis' Luxor a bye; E. Geary's Palo Alto^at
A, R. Curtis' Narcissus, 4-1; D. Walsh's Sac
ramento Boy beat F. Jones' Harlean Gladys,
6-0; Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat Ala
meda Kennels' Melrose Lad, 10-5; E. Geary's
America beat A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox. 8-2;
A. R. Curtis' Charta beat T. J. Cronln's Tralee
Boy, 3-0; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete, beat
H. H. Gray's Rona, 3-0; A. R. Curtis' Lost
Chord beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal. 3-2.
Second round — Luxor beat Palo Alto. 4-3;
Sacramento Boy beat Real Article, 3-1; Charta
beat America, 6-1; Roman Athlet» beat Lost
Chord. 3-2.
Third round — Luxor beat - Sacramento Boy,
3-1; Charta beat Roman Athlete, 4-0.
-—Deciding course — Charta beat Luxor. 7-2.
Class reserve stake: First round— -Chiarlni
Curtis' Kennel Runs "One,
iyo" in Champion
Event
Beats Rocker, H:s Mate,
at Union Coursing
Park.
RURAL ARTIST
WINS A STAKE
r - CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB TRIAL RACE*. ,
; I Sailing. "~ j "
YACHT. • t Length, Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
. •¦ ' . ' Feet. Time. Time. Time. Time.
H . M ."s~ ~~H.~M.S. hTmTsT H.M.S.
Harpoon • 32.87 12:30:00 2:40:10 2:10:10 2:10:10
Presto 28.00 12:30:00 2:47:17 2:17:17 2:10:27
The California Yacht Club* held Its an
nual dinner race yesterday, seven boats
covering, the course, which was from the
narrow-gauge mole to and round Blos
som Rock buoy, thence to the starting
line, out again to and round Blossom
Rock buoy and thence back to the finish
at the mole. John T. Carrier's sloop Jes
sie E proved an easy winner, beating her
nearest . competitor, the f yawl Gypsie, by
6 minutes 10 seconds, corrected time. The
event was under the management of the
regatta committee, consisting of August
R. P. Brandes, chairman; Charles A. Lor
lng and William C. Wallace. The details
of the race are shown In the table:
Bros.' Dewdrop beat P. M. Clarkson's Prompto
4-0; Chiarlni Bros.' White Hat beat George
Sherman's Little Sister. 3-2; C. O. Peterson's
Haphazard beat F. Jones' Lady Newark, 3-2;
O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat A. R. Curtis' Old
Ironsides, 5-2; George Shaxman's Sir Pasha
beat A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King, 2-1; Stert
& Knowles* Cold Shivers beat P. M. Clarkson's
Flcwer of Gold. 5-1; P. M. Clarkson'a Sofala
beat E. Reddy's ;FulI Moon*- 7-3; P. M. Clark
son's Golden Garter beat J." I*. Ross' Loyal
Lad, 3-2.
Second round— Dewdrop beat Whit© Hat. 7-5;
Homer Boy beat- Haphazard 4-3; Sir Pasha
beat Sofala, 3-1; Cold Shivers beat Golden Gar
ter, 5-4.
Third round — Dewdrop beat Homer Boy. 4-0:
Cold Shivers beat Sir Pasha; 2-0. *
¦ '.. . CALIFORNIA YACHT CL.TJB ANNTJAL DINNER RACE.
YACHT. Length. Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
¦ ¦ ' Feet. Time. Time. - Time.- Time.
Jdler 36.98 1:00:00 4:37:26 8-37-26
. Classi?- •"•"" •.-••••;-- *<>-10 1:00:00 4:45:00 3:45:00 8:45':6o
'¦ Be c «t •••'••"•••••%••••••••¦••••••'•••• 27-W 12:50:00 4:30:29 8:40:29
Catharine \:..: 25. S6 12:50:00 4:27:54 3:37:26 !!!!!!!
•Disqualified for.foullnff atakeboat at the finishing line. " ~~ ~ T7"
Columbia Club Scores.
The scores made by the members of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club. yesterday
at their Harbor View range follow:
Off-hand on Columbia targetrlfle 200 v»ni«
—A. H. Pape, 41. 44, 40, 58,' 62, 62- Q j?an
nel, CO, 62, 63. 64, 70, 77, 84, 85 C M*Dai R R
01. 64; F. O. Young, 61, 69. 74. 82; A. h S'
65. 60. 70: G. Dahlbender, 122; P. Robertson*
126, 154: Dr. Twist,, 130, 140. % «°Dertson,
Military and repeating rifles, Creedmoor
count— E. A. Allen, 42, 42. 41; J. W CZ
Pistol— P. A. Becker, " 50, 62 - 64. 67 57 ?s
01; F.'O.i Young. 52, 55; R. Schneider 6l' 6fi
70, 71. 82; I* Peters. 102; P." Sanchez, io2 '- '
Revolver — A. J. Brannagan, 37 48 48 B*> •
Young, 67. ¦' ' ; -,;•¦• ¦ ,. ' ' ' '
. TwentyAtwo rifle, 50 yards— Dr. J F Twi«f
18, 24, 26, 35 ; C. M. : Dalss, 10, 23 23 ' 24 ' »r'
31; E.'Hovey, 24, 28. 33; G. Mannel, 28 32* 36-
P. Sanchez, 54. ' • •¦¦>¦¦ '. •
Qh I ee - ba | e . h«— McCreedie. SacrtHce hit—
Shtehan. First base on errors— Sacramento 2
First base on called balls— Off Dowllnrl! off
Crlstall 3 Left on bases-Sacramento 9 Oak
land 7. Struck out— By Dowling 2. by Crlstall
2. Double plays— Devereaux to Strelb Mohler
to Francks to Strelb. Wild pitches-Cristall 2
icrrerXuSo^ 2 ; 03 -
SUMMARY.
Sacramento .'.....3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 1 0 12 2 11 nUlO
Oakland .........0 1 0 3 0 0 0 0 0-4
Base hits 0 3 0 4 0 1 0 0 2-10
Totals ... ; ..... .35 3 10 1 27 15 2
OAKLAND.
„ ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Mohler, 2b ....'..... 20 1 ¦ 1 2 ' 4 1
Strelb. lb ......... 3 00191 0
McCreedie, rf ...:.. 4 1 A 0 0 0 1
Devereaux. 3b 4 1 ' r 2. 1 2 2 0
Lehman, c 4 110 4 0 0
Francks. ss .....4 1 204 K O
Schmidt, If 3 0 10 4 0 0
Cristall. p 40 10 13 0
Totals ..... .33 %4 10 1 27 15 "2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
_. ' v AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b 3.0 1 1 . 3 .1 0
Hulen, 2b 5 1 0 0 2' 3"0
Doyle, rf 5 1 1 0 ,0 . 0 0
Rebsamen, If 4 1 2 0 ¦ 4 ' 0 0
Unglaub, ss ..;:.... 4 . 0 1 0 3 4 0
Eagan, cf 4 0.0 0 1 2 1
Birmingham, -lb *..... 4 '. 0 2 0 10 1 0
Graham, c 2 ¦ 0 2 ¦ 0 ' 3 1 1
Dowling, p 4 0 1.0 18 0
SACRAMENTO.
Each member of the winning crew was
presented with a gold badge by Messrs.
A. P. Rothkopf and F. C. Stalb.
column to-day by defeating the Senators
in a well-contested game, in which hon
ors were even in many particulars.
Schmidt's fast, accurate work in left field
and slow base running on the part of
the Senators contributed to the result.
Both Dowling and Cristall pitched good
ball. Cristall's backing throughout was
far superior to that accorded Dowling.
Score: ¦ ;
Second heat — Captain T. R. Dixon, J. Relm
ers. "W. F. Harris, T. Harris and "W. W. Wood,
cockswain, defeated Captain W. O. Patch,
George Baker. F. Curry, F. Slebel and Val
Kehrleln, cockswain. Time. 6:45.
Deciding- heat— Captain T. R. Dlxon's crew
defeated Captain A. W. Pape's crew. Time, 7
minutes.
The officers in charge of the races were:
F. C. Stalb. referee; A. P. Rothkopf. starter;
Adam Schuppert, timer; T. J. Kennedy and
E. H. Coney, Judges at start; H. Perazzl and
H. Herbert, judges at turn. 1 r
First heat won by A. W. Pape's crew, made
up of Pape. L. Welnand, C. M. Farrell. F. W.
AVoerner and J. D. Farrell, cockswain. defeat-
Ing Captain George Baker. F. Sherry. R. Ohea,
T. R. Keenan and J. S. Earle, cockswain.
Time for one mile, with turn, 5 minutes and 40
seconds. . ...
After the races luncheon was served on
the beach, and Aleck Pape, was In evi
dence with his camera. The summary of
the races follows:
The Dolphin _ Swimming an-1 Boating
Club held the opening'faces of the rowing'
season on this bay yesterday, over the
North Beach course. The distance was
one mile with a turn, the starting point
being at the foot of Van Ness avenue.
Invitations "had been extended the rela
tives and fair friends of the competing
oarsmen, and the clubhouse veranda was
gay with life and color when the racing
commenced.
- The club's new racing barge was known
to be the faster boat, hence the crews
which rowed in it .were penalized three
lengths. The results showed- this to be
inadequate, as ' the crew which used this
boat won handily each time.
Open the Rowing Season
Over North Beach
Course.
DOLPHIN CREWS
RACE IN BARGES
'r Many. a. woman Is a martyr to her hu*.
band's dyspepsia. *.
! PARIS, : . May A.— At the - racing at
Long ; Champ - to-day iW. K. vVanderbilf s
Nettie : got third place In the Poule d'Es
sal des Polices.. -His Francisque was un
placed for the Prix- de TEsperance.
Defeats Sacramento; in a : Game in
•Which Hits Are Equally Divided. "
SACRAMENTO, May 4 -Oakland clinch
ed its hold on the head of the percentage
OAKLAND FIATS GREAT BALI,.
A . New Record for Cyclist Kramer.
NEWARK, N.J., May 4.— At the Valls
burg bicycle track to-day Frank Kramer,
tne national professional champion, added
another, world's record to his list by win
ning the quarter-mile ¦ open race In 28 1-5
seconds. -This cut his old record -made
last month-by one-fifth of- a second.
LOUISVILLE, May : 4.— Allan-a-baleV
winner of : the Kentucky derby," has- broken
down. This morning he. pulled \ up lame/
and his : owner, Jom :• McDowell/ says ' the
colt cannot i stand ; on one of his fore legs.
Surgeons ' have , not yet 1 been able to " de
termine ;\ whether the trouble , lies in; tha
shoulder ¦ or, in the « knee 'joint. McDowell
says Allan-a-Dale > will - not ' start , in ¦"- the
Clark ; stake here nor in ' the i. American
derby at Chicago. He -may never be able
to face ! the starter' s flag again: McDowell
says if ..' the colt should - recover f he : will
be i taken East May . 20 for the Brooklyn
handicap. ' ->• . . ¦:-..
Allan-a-Dale Breaks Down.
Batteries— Hahn. Helsman and Peltz; Tanne
hl 1^. lU?r 2. l J? mer - Umpire— Emslle. -
CHICAGO. May 4.— St. Louis-Chicago game
postponed on account of rain.
TheHpme Team Fails to Get a Hit
'¦•/v vtTntil'the Ninth, Inning .of
, the Game^ -
: ¦ > AMERICAN LEAGUE
DETROIT. May 4.-Jos 8 was invincible to
day and not a hit was made off htm until tha
ninth inning Detroit's only run followed Bra*!
ley's error ln~ the .ninth, which gave Holmes
life.. Casey and Harley both followed wUhTta!
gles, scoring, him. Attendance. 7000. Score :
Detroit ..................; V'.f
Cleveland 2 8 3
an^Blmfs 8 " 81 "' 6^ 11 " 111^ McQul ": »«-
ST. LOUIS. May 4.— Chlcago-St. Louis gama
postponed on account of rain. • *»"«»
NATIONAL LEAGUE
CINCINNATI. May 4-Clnclnnatl to-day
played_ the poorest ball game ever seen on a
local fleld % Eight errors were tallied against
them and this alone accounted for their defeat,
as they ; clearly outbatted Pltts*ur S . Attend
ance, 12,800.. Score:
Cincinnati 2 12* 8
Plttsburg u 10 1
PITCHER^JOSS PE0VES
HTVrBTCIBXE AT DETEOIT
SAN RAFAEL SHOOTING.
Members of Many Organizations
. Meet at Scliuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, May 4.— A large number
of marksmen - visited Schuetzen Park,
near, San Rafael, to-day and from morn
ing until late in the afternoon tried their
skill at .'the , shooting butts. It was an
idealday for rifle practice and many fine
scores were registered; The 'California
Schuetzen ; Club, Grutll , Shooting . Section,
Turn Werein "¦ Shooting Section and San
Francisco Scheutzen . Club all: sent large
delegations. f There were .several medal
contests and ! stake shoots,\Jjut the ' semi
monthly medal, shoot occupied. the greater
portion^ of the j afternoon. - , The summary
follows: . ;¦.¦- ¦¦;..
' San Francisco Turner Schuetzen prize shoot.
Following are the best ten. contestants out of
about forty aspirants: George Tammeyer, 63;
F. • . Komers, . 62 ; - C. Sagehorn. * 50 ; C. Peach,
58: /J. Straub, 54: O. Burmeister, .53; P. f Ja
coby. 53; A. Tecklenburg,-58; Louis Brune, 56;
F. Attincer, 55. . :
San Francisco Grutll Shooting: Section, medal
shoot," championship - class — A. Hinterman, 39C;
first • class — A 'Sturder, 352; second- class — E.
Suter. 385: . third class — O. Imdorf. - 328. -_.. .
, California' Schuetzen Club, medal shoot, sec
ond championship class — T: J; Carroll, 202-183;
P. Jacoby, 192-100; Q. Burmeister, 194-192;
A. Rahwyler, 103-180: . first class — H. Eck
mann,' 206-166; A. Utschle, • 188-169; second
class — G. Tammeyer. 208-108; A.Jungblut, 193
183;' A. Kullmann, 206-203 ; E. Woene, 202-1SS) ;
W.- Blasse.r 197-171: A. von Wyl, 168-147: C.
Zlmmermann, < 1C9-117; • L. • C." Babln, 147-134;
third-class— N. Reubold, ¦- 153-151; F. Relde,
175-174; G. Rlchmuelier Sr., 188-183; C. Sage
horn, 183-157: J. Straub, 181-178; L. Thier
bach, 102-167 ; J." Horstmann, . 187-18ff; G. . Rich
mueller Jr., 150,' one string; J.C. Waller. 188
180; : fourth class — C. Gut; 146-131 ; • J. Gassner,
171-177 ; - F. ¦ Levers, - 133, : one ¦ string:; . L. Pink,
169-163 ; • M. . F. ' Hartter, . 202-175 : E. England
er,'16C-129. * Cadets — R.; Mayerhofer, 177-142;
F. . Bremer. 130-95. :„
course— Dewdrop beat Cold Shrrer».
stake:" Deciding course— M C De-
S>. r ° y E - B - ft * ld>s Mari *«»&,
CHICAGO. May 4.— John J. McGraw,
manager of - the American League team,
has been suspended by President John
eon for five days. McGraw's suspension
came as a result of the row at Baltimore
Thursday^ in which a policeman was In
jured.
Mana ger UcGraw Suspended.
V Tnr £?; ba8 <? l . blt8 I' C V Re"!*. Hannivan. Two
base hits— Shugart. Leahy Householder Ray
mer., Sacrlnce hits— McHale Bone First base
on errors— San . Francisco 1. Lo 8 Angeles 4
First base on called balls-Off • Kane 6 off
Jor.es 3. Left on bases-San Francisco 7, Los
i^A--,5S&ffirS J^RellVyVffi
M-cDo£!d nj \ TlmC OJ^^S^
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles .....0 1 0 0 0 012 2—6
- Base- hits ...... 0 2 0 1 0 11 2 3—10
San Francisco ...0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 1
- Base hits 0 0 1 1 0 1 2 0 1—6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals' :..35 6 10 5 27 9,3
_ • AB. R. BH. SB: PO. A.E.
Toraan, ss 4 0 11 3 2 1
Hannivan If 4 1 10 10 0
Householder.: cf 5 l l 0 * 1 " 0 ' ' 0
Raymer, 2b .-.4 1 3 0 4 2 0
C. Reilly, 3b 5 13 2 3 10
Anderson, rf 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Roach, c 3 1 0 1 4 l o
Waddell. lb ........ 3 0 0 loon
Jones, p.. .....4 1 0 0. 0 3 2
Totals .30 ; 1 ". 6 ' 0 27 19 / 7
LOS ANGELES. ' V
;.'"•••• . AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If... 3 0 10 4 10
Bone, -rf ...........2.0 0 0 1 0 ¦' 0
Nordyke. lb .3 - 0 0 0 9 0 1
Holly, ss 4 ;-0. 0 0 3 4 3
Shugart,- 3b ......... 4 0 10 12 0
Leahy, c ; 3 1-204 61
Lawler, ,cf ......... 4 \ 0 1 00 ,0 0
J. Ifcjny. 2b ........ 4 - 0 0 0 6 4 2
Kane, p^ ....'... 3 0 10 0.2 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
McHale robbed Householder of a sure
two-base hit in the first, and handily dou
bled up Toman, who was at second. An
derson also made a clever catch of a foul
hit to right field. Jones pitched gilt-edged
ball throughout the game. Leahy and
McHale were the only Ponies to act prop
erly, the former doing all the playing.
The score:
The Ponies played like a lot of milliners'
apprentices In the morning game at Oak
land. The Infield was full of holes, Holly
and Reilly being responsible for half the
runs scored. The Angels landed hard on
Kane and he : was generous • with free
transportation to first. In the ninth In
ning, the Southern men secured a three
bagger and two doubles, which netted two
runs.
MOBNTNG GAME.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 4.— The Aptos
consignment of horses to the blue rib
bon sale arrived to-day In splendid con
dition. Not a single one of the twenty
three head sent East by A. B. Spreckels
¦was Injured during the lonr journey, not
even a hair being rubbed. Cleveland
"horsemen of note who looked over the lot
pronounced It to be one of the best that
«ver came over the Rockies. Trainer
Sandy Smith ls well pleased at the suc
cess of transit, and expects to see his
charges sell at fancy prices.
Aptos Farm Horses at Cleveland.
Los Angeles...... 0.0000005 0 5
Base hits -0.0,-0 10 0 1 4.0—6
San Francisco. ...00 1 02 0*0 0 0 3
Base hits 0 . 0 2 0 3 0 0 0 0 5
•- SUMMARY.
Two-base . hits — McHale, Holly, HanlonT
Householder. Sacrifice hit — McNichols. First
base on errors — San Francisco 4, Los Angelea
L Flret base on called balls — Off Meredith 2,
off Wafifiell 2. Left on bases — San Francisco
7, Los Angeles 3. Struck out — By Meredith 2
by Waddell 6. Hit by pitcher— Holly. Time
of game — 1:45. Umpire — McDonald.
THE opening cricket match of the
season between the Alameda and
Pacific elevens "^as played yester
day on the ground at Webster
street, Alameda, the Pacific team
winning an exciting gamo by the narrow
margin of seven runs. "'
The Alameda team went to the wickets
first with F. Stahl and Bert Bird, the
former, being bowled for 0 by Casidy. The
latter scored 22, Harold Ward ran up 50,
and G. Croll 20 runs. With the exception
of Richter, who made 12 runs, none of the
team materially increased the total, the
Innings closing for 116 runs. Casidy took
five wickets for 42 runs, and D. Jamieson
captured three wickets for 19 runs.
The Pacific team sent Casidy and Coles
to the bat, Jhe former scoring 38 and the
latter 9 runs. With only two wickets
down for 80 runs the Pacific seemed to
have the watch well in hand, but when
seven wickets had fallen for 107, matters
did not look so well. The last two men,
however, put on a few runs and won .the
match for their, side. The only men who
made double figures for the winners were
Casidy, 38, and A. W.' Wilding, 47. Har
old Ward took five wickets for, 33 runs,
and Croll and Bird captured two apiece.
The full details' are given in the table:
- ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
F. A. Stahl, c. Langdale, b. v Casldy...1.";... 0
B. Bird. c. Petherlck,' b. Cassidy :.;... 22
F. J. Croll, run out. .v» . 3
O. H. Ward, b. D. Jamieson 50
J. G. Croll. not out 0
H. "Ward. b. Casidy. 0
AV. O. Fortmann, b. Casidy .'...... 2
G. Croll. c. Casidy,. b. Coles.... 20
W. J. Richter. b. Casidy 12
C. Banner, c. Casidy, b.,D. Jamieson...... 3
W. H. Brown, b. D. Jamieson ...;. 0
Extras 4
- ; Total .........'.. ,'.;¦.. ..... ........ . . . .-.lie
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 0,
two for 3, three for 39, four for 45, live " for
53. six for 80. seven for 104. eight for 114, nine
for 114. ten for 116. .. • .- ¦ . .- ,¦-.•?;
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Maid- ¦Wick-
Bowler — Balls. Runs. en9. ets.
Casidy ...J ....00 . 42 J 0 . 5
D. Jamieson ....... 30 .19 1 3
Storrs ........ ..... ? 18 -" > ¦ ¦ 15 '• .. ..
W. Jamieson 18 . 14 ¦..¦¦¦¦ ..
Coles 10.-" 22 .-... 1
. PACIFIC /CRICKET CLUB. r
H. C. Casidy. run out. '....¦.:..........¦.... 38
C. P. Coles, b. Bird..... u
A. W. Wilding, c. Banner, b.. Ward.. "47
W. Petherick. b.- Croll. 0
D. Jamieson. b. Bird.;.............'.;..... 1 1
E. T. Langdale, b. Ward M... 6
J. J. Theobald, c. F. Croll, b.\ Croll... IF.-.-^0
E.A. M.Lannowe, b.- . Ward .¦.'.... ;.' ...'.... 3
F. Bennion,- b. Ward .......:.....;... (;
C. M. • Storrs, c: Bird. . b. Ward 4
\V. ¦ Jamieson, f not ,- out. . . '. 2
Extras ....... .'..-..•. . .". . ....•.;........- ' j
Total ........ ... .........:......... '. ... 123
Runs at the fall "of each wicket— One for 32,
two for 80. three for 80. four for 83, fivafor
106, six for 106, seven for 107, eight' for ' 110,
nlno for 120, ten 'for 123. ¦ , "¦ .
• r SUMMARY OF BOWLING. :
_"¦¦',¦ J - ' •¦••¦'.-. Mald-.WIck
- Bowler— :J. '- Balls. Runs. . ens. - ets.
H.WardJr 84 33 0 5
Croll •>.. -.....•...121 • '45 3 2
Bird ............... W' 25 1 2
Fortmann ....... ..12 8 ¦¦- 0 0
Banner ...18 5 ,0 0
; . .Ward and Croll each bowled one no ball. :
CRICKETERS AND ENTHUSI
. ASTS SEEN YESTERDAY ON
THE ALAMEDA GROUNDS.
Medal. . shoot, handicap, twenty-flve
birds, scores — Iverson 19, Walpert 21,
Burns 15. Dieckman 17, Jansen 9, Hoyt 22,
Gordon 10. Hutton 21. Fred Feudner 18,
"Walker 7, McCutcheon IS, Hansen 11, Rob
ertson 17, Fisher 21. Williamson 16, Barker
20, Herring 17 and Thomas 14.
The scores made in the club shoot were
as follows: Walpert 19. Fred Feudner 21,
Knick IS, Herring 13, Hoyt 18. Daniels 12,
Mitchell 15, Gordon 19, Jansen 10, Mason
23, O'Shaughnessey 8, Burns 19, Iverson
23. Hanseri 11, Dieckman 13, Robertson 22.
McCutcheon 20, Fisher 14, Cooper 14 and
Hutton 15.
An unusually large attendance and a
record-breaking number of clean scores
¦were the two features especially notice
able at the regular monthly live bird
shoot of the California Wing Shooting
Club yesterday at Ingleside. The cool
weather seemed to be adapted to good
ehooting. In the club event there were
twenty-four entries, and straight scores
¦were made by P. J. Walsh. H. William
son, A. C. Golcher. K. Donohoe, M. O.
Feudner, J. J. Sweeney and Dr. E. G.
2icConneIL while there were seven shoot
ers who only missed one bird
P. J. Walsh, who made his appearance
for the second time this season at the
live bird traps, succeeded -in grasslng_
thirty-six pigeons without a miss; in fact,
he did not allow a single one of his birds
to escape during the day. He shot from
the 2S-yard line.
The feature of the day, however, was
the record established by M. O. Feudner.
¦who shot from the 32-yard mark. Al
though stationed at this great distance
from the birds he succeeded in making two
Etright scores of fifteen birds each. In ac
complishing this feat he was forced to
tise both barrels on every pigeon released
from the traps.
G. W. Gibson, a new member of the
California Wing Shooting Club, signalized
his first appearance at the Ingleside live
cird traps by killing ten in the club race
and eleven in the twelve-bird pool. This
is considered excellent shooting for a be
ginner. In all the pool contests the same
handicaps were allowed as in the club
shoot.
The scores made in the club shoot were
as follows:
Yds.
5 r , A^- M - Barke r- - 3 ° 02111111012 2—10
P. J. Walsh 28 11212121121 1—12
H. Williamson 22212221111 ° 1'
"Slade" 27 1 2 1 0 1 2 1 1 2 2 • 1— 10
H. Justins ....2S 22222*22122 2—11
A. Roos 28 12202*22 12 1 • 0
Dr. I. W. Hayes, Jr.2S 110011121*>* 2 9
G. W. Gibson 27 01221211022 1 10
C. A. Halgbt 31 2 02122112222 11
P. B. Bekeart 23 2 2 2 • 2 2 2 2 2 2 *• 2 11
A. C. Golcher 2» 2221222122° 1 12
C. H. Shaw 28 22222 222222* 11
G. H. T. Jackson. .32 22012001210 2 8
"W. J. Golcher 29 21121011211 1—11
E. Donohoe 28 222222111212 12
M. O. Feudner 32 2222222222° 2 12
E. L. Forster 26 11110101112 1— 10
J. J. Sweeney 29 21211122212 1 12
T". W. Tallant 27 •2112111121 1 11
A. M. Shields 28 1*11112 0 12 11—10
H. F. Wasner 28 1102 1120012 2 9
C. C. Nauman 31 2 1 1 2 2 1*2 2 2 2 02 11
Dr.E.G. McConnell.26 21111111222 2—12
H. McMirrchy 31 12201222220 1 10
• — Dead out of bounds.
2 — Second barrel.
Twelve bird i,ool. Scores:
P. Bek^-art 22222222222 2—12
C. H. Shaw 2*022220222 2 5
E. Donohoe 12112111212 2 12
H. Justins 22112211122 2 12
H. McMurchy 112121222122 — 12
G. W. Gibson 21221121102 1 11
G. H. T. Jackson 22211202011 1 — 10
C. A. Haigrht 12222212122 2 — 12
X>. Daniels 21111011201 0 — i>
Edgar Forster. 1*111111101 1 — 10
P. J. Walsh 12211221111 1 — 12
Lacoste 11101010*21 0 — 7
M. O. Feudner (33) 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 22222—12
Dr. E. G. McConnell.. 11022221201 1—10
A. Roos 2 2 202201021 0 — 8
H. "Wagner 11121221011 1—11
E. E. Drake 10*1222 01202—8
First six bird pooL Scores:
McMurchy 2 2 2 1 2 0 — 5
Golcher 12 2 11 S — 6
Gibson 1110 2 2 — 5
Nauman 2 2 2 2 0 2 — 5
Donohoe 1 2 110 2—5
JuiFtlns 2 2 2 2 2 2 — 6
¦Wagner 1 11111—6
Walsh 1 12 111—6
Forster * 2 1 1 1 1 — 5
Second six bird pool. Scores:
McMurchy 112 2 1 2 — C
Xaumaa 2 2 2 2 2 2 — «
Gibson 2 10 12 1—5
Haight 2 112 0 2—5
¦Wagner 2 2 112 2—6
Justins 1 2 2*22—6
Shaw 2.2 2 2 2 2— 0
¦Walsh 2 1112 1—6
Forster 1 2 2 1 0— Wdn.
Fisher 0 • 2.1 1 2—4
Hutton 2 12 2 2 2 — C
The Union Gun Club held Its regular
monthly shoot at the bluerock traps. The
results were not up to the average. There
\cas not a single clean score made In the
club event. Hoyt won the gold medal
with a score of twenty-two, while Herring
and Dieckman tied for the silver trophy.
In the shoot-oft Herring won the medal
tiy making fourteen out ot a possible fif
teen. . r
Only two scattering hits were made off
Meredith up to the eighth. Then Bill
Hanlon got a pretty two-bagger along the
first base line and Delmas dropped -Wad
dell's hard fly. Toman walked and Han
nlvan scored Hanlon and Rube with a
single past short. Toman tied the score
when Householder biffed for two stations
against the right field fence. Hannivan
was caught at the plate on Raymer's hit
to second. Raymer stole the middle bag
and arrived with Householder on Reilly's
timely drive to left field, which complet
ed the run getting for the day.
McNichols trotted around with the Po
nies and played a first-class game at sec
ond. He robbed Hanlon of a clean hit
and immediately made good with • the
crowd. Bill Hanlon covered first base
just as of yore and started the run earn
ing for- the Morley crowd.. Nordyke in
terfered with Delmas' throw when To
man was sliding to the plate and It prob
ably cost a run. Some hoodlum threw a
bottle at Charley Reilly. It broke in
pieces near where he was standing. The
score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. 1. 1 4 110 3 0 0
McNichols. 2b .' 4 10 0 15 0
Nordyke, lb 4 1 1 0 14 1 0
Holly, s. s 3 0 2 0 2 -4 0
Shugart. 3b 3 0 10 12 0
Leahy, c 4 00 0 4 0 1
Lawler, c. t 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Delmas. r. f ...30 0 0 1 01
Meredith, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 32 3 6 0 27 14 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A^^.
Toman, s. e 3 1 0. 0 2 3 0
Hannivan. 1. f 4 0 1. 0 2 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 13 0 0 1 0
Raymer, 2b 4 10 12 2 0
C. Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 0 11
Anderson, c... ...... -.4. .0 O 0 6 3 0
Roach, r. f 3 00 0 1 0 1
Hanlon. lb 4 1* 1 ; 0 10 1 2
¦Waddell, p... 4 10 0 4 2 0
Totals 34 5 61 *27 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The element of luck played an impor
tant part in the gallop of the first Pony
to the wire. Mcriale smashed out a
pretty drive to right field, good for two
bases. Holly sent a hot grounder right
at Toman. It took a false bound and
went over the little man's shoulder and
McHale crossed the rubber amid the
howling and cheering of the vast throng.
Things ran smootnly until the fifth,
when Nordyke, Holly and Shugart each
hit out a hot drive and, aided by an error,
two more runs were scored. After that.
Rube allowed no more business to be
transacted, and had the locals completely
at his mercy.
The massive southpaw did not use such
terrific speed as he is capable of pass-
Ing out, but he had the Ponies in a quan
dary and pitched elegant ball. He pitched
good enough to win any game, Dut it
looked baa for the mighty one until the
eighth. Meredith also twirled a magnif
icent game, but the Angels discovered his
weak spot and hammered in live runs in
the fatal eighth with a bewildering dis
play of ''smashing singles and douoles —
the kind that make the blood tingle and
the mouth yearn for a soft drink.
Jim Morley, of baseball fame, who longs
for a pennant with which to decorate the
City of Orange Groves, was in a joyous
frame of mind last night. With the odds
against him that the Ponies would gallop
away from his band and the wise ones
looking with scorn and disdain upon the
Southern club wielders, he got into the
game with both feet- and a thinking box
and broke even on the series. The An
gels were the main squeeze in both bat
tles, winning 6 to 1 at Oakland and 5 to
3 at Recreation Park. Oakland winning
at Sacramento keeps the club across the
bay in the lead for the pennant.
The afternoon, bout was a blood-curdler
and more excitement and commotion was
crowded into the eighth inning than will
be found in thirty-nine rounds of the or
dinary article. More than 10,000 people
were quartered in the stands and bieach
ers, and a few hundred more viewed the
explosions from behind a rope in left Held.
No - one was sorry he came lest it be the
gent with the fog-horn vocal delivery,
who took pleasure in handing Rube a few
bunches so he would not run the Ponies
too hard.
Club — . Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland -. 21 13 8 .619
Los Angeles.... 23 14 0 .60U
San Francisco.. 24 12 12 .500
Sacramento 22 « 1U ".273
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Contest at Oakland Marred
by Numerous and Costly
Errors.
Club's Contests Well
Attended.
California Wing Shooting
Waddell Again Puzzles
Locals and Wins His
Second Game.
Makes Two Clean Scores
Prom Thirty-Two
Yard Mark.
PONIES LOSE
BOTH BATTLES
FEUDNER DOES
FINE SHOOTING
YACHTING, CRICKET, ROWING, BASEBALL AND KINDRED SPORTS
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, MO^AY^MAY 5, 1902.
Captain Casidy /and Wilding Run Up Capital
Scores for the Winners, but Get Little
Support From the Remainder of the Team.
Harold Ward Does Good Work for Losers
PACIFIC CRICKETERS DEFEAT
ALAMEDAN5 IN FIRST MATCH
6
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases arrived yesterday and
are now * ready t or ; ; distribu-
tion. ! All 'subscribers \ to Tbe
Cull nrc entitled to a copy of
this great book at the prem-
ium ' rate of : $1 -. 50. ' Out of
iown subscribers denirlnjr a
'copy of tills aplcndtd prem-
. luni v Trill be supplied on - re-
• ceipt : of 91 5O. •; All . mail
orders Trill be shipped by ex-
press : at subscriber's expense.
Varieoeele
~~^0^~\ Painless
EnnVi \\ treatment for Va-
uKft f _ )1 ricocele is paln-
"jSt®L . le "- II ls not "»e
XpSK?%$rf^T5?fc* old-fashioned and
1 harsh process ot
k. sur^er>-. but the
i**-^^ t cure ls effected bj-
y\ j r^^ nuld and r«ntle
A j A measune«, and the
r /tV. I L/l \ \ P"Hent need not
t ISS*' tfll \ k i>c detained - from
/'¦ X^ N»J nla business • a
A \dt I "Ingle day. My
/¦B^/ cures are abso-
tf LaaAlBT Epeclallrt. T^ tlT^M
— — — — — — — knotted and twiat--
ed veln» are restored to normal strength
and elasticity, and the processes of waste
and repair are. again established throughout
the organs affected. The tendency of Vari-
cocole when neglected ls to constantly pro-'
(Teas, and the Importance of a thorough
cur* cannot be too forcibly emphasized. .
I thoroughly cure every ailment peculiar
to men. Consultation Is free at office or by
mall. My pamphlet. "'Live All Tour Tears
a. Man." ls mailed free upon application.
DR. O. cTlqSLEN,
1 049 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hlbemla. Bank.
A T>XTB?Tt.TTR V. IW V. M 'I'M. ; ;;V; •
NATURAL LAXATIVE JUNE2AL WATE2. I
NEVER
GRIPES
Is the BEST LAXATIVE
known to the medical pro-
fession, and is ;
A POSITIVE CURE I
.; for
ASK FOR
(FULL NAME) I
And see that you GET it.
Substitutes are WORTHLESS
and often HARMFUL >} ; ]
JUbcl to Slue wf tb SUd Center. ( 3
®Y1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In ua« over fifty
years by tha leaders of ths
Mormon Church and - thetr
followers. Positively cur* ths
-worst cases In old and youn<
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost ¦
Manhood. ,- Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, ••¦» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner f^ g M vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are JT^J^T. immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote •»«« * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure ls at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box- 6 for
|2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with B boxes. Circulars frw
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st
•gg ff^&V* 1 - GRANT DRXJQ co - «*
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana'Bitters
l S to^«n R^ervl R e ESTORATIVE - ™™ORA-
Th!a rignatnre la on every box of the gexHrfna
Laxative Bromo-QuinineT»biet. .
Mir* remedy that cwrea a «ld ta oa« tfa*
MMrinlfflFilTOtnnMBiiiiniiinir 1111 ijiiiii mi— ¦mmr ¦Fire Sweeps Town in Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 4.— Half the
town of Bobtulsk. in the province ot
Minsk, has been destroyed by flre.
Heesemans Win at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 4.— The Heesemans of
Oakland to-day defeated the San Jose ball
team by a score of 2 to 0.
DENVER, May 4.— A special to the
News from Ouray, Colo., says Francla
Carney/ a well-known Colorado pioneer
and Lieutenant Governor in 1899-1900.
died to-night after a lingering illness.
Paralysis was the cause of death.
Francis Carney.
LONDON, May 4.— Admiral Prince Hen
ry of Prussia, who with the most power
ful squadron ever commanded by a Ger
man admiral is on a training cruise of
five weeks around the British islands, la
now in Irish waters. In company with
the Duke of Connaught he will visit tho
Cork Exhibition next Thursday.
Prince Henry to Visit Cork.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Five thousand
persons gathered In a Broome-street hall
to-night to say farewell to Johann Most,
the anarchist. Herr Most is booked to go
to jail to-morrow under sentence for hav
ing printed in 'his paper an article oh
murder. . :
To-night's meeting was turned into a
riotous demonstration against the police.
Three city detectives had been attracted
to the hall by loud cries and cheering.
They went in at a time when McQueen,
editor of a paper, was addressing the
crowd, assailing the Government and de
claring himself an anarchist. By the time
the officers had reached the platform
Most was addressing the. crowd in Ger
man. The detectives placed «the two
speakers under arrest. This was the sig
nal for a riotous outbreak. The detectives
had to fight their way to the street with
their prisoners, and the crowd then grew
so threatening that the reserves were
called out After some difficulty, Most,
McQueen and one other man were taken
to the police station and locked up.
* Farewell.
Session When Bidding Him
Friends of Johann Most Hold a Riot
ANARCHISTS FIGHT
AGAINST THE POLICE
SEATTLE, Wash., May 4.— All efforts
to bring the Jeffries-Fltzsimmons fight to>
Seattle in the summer have been called
off because of Governor McBrlde's oppo
sition. A committee of Seattle business
men waited on him yesterday to ascertain.
his attitude. He informed them that he
would do everything In his power to pre
vent the fight in this State.
Cannot Fight in Seattle.
The funeral services of Otto Kloppen
burg, a pioneer and ex-City and County
Treasurer of this city, took place'yester
dar at the late residence of deceased, 224
Grove street. Furrounded by flowers,
the remains lay in the front room, and
here the Rev. Herman Gehrcke, pastor
of St. Matthew's Evangelical Lutheran
Church, addressed the relatives and
friends who are left to mourn the dead.
He took his text from Psalm xc:10 —
V The days of our years are three score
and ten; and if by reason of strength
they be four score years, yet I, their
strength, labor and sorrow."
During the ceremony Herbert Wlllifims
sang with much feeling "Sometime We'll
Understand," "Lead, Kindly Light," and,
at the last, "Good Night."
• The body, according to the wishes of
the deceased, will be cremated at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
The pallbearers were: J. Bruns, Mr.
Schumacher, Mr. Heyer,*Mr. Eisner, Mr.
Jenkel and Mr. Muller.
PIONEER OF >FIFTIES
GOES TO 1 FINAL REST
Princess Elvira, sister of Princess Bea
trice, ran away with a painter named
Folchi two years ago.
Princess Beatrice arrived at the SIstina
bridge richly attired in evening dress and
wearing her jewels. Before throwing her
self in the water she made the sign of the
cross. The flooded river was flowing
quickly and the Princess was rescued
with great difficulty. She was half dead
when taken out of the water. The Prin
cess refused to disclose her Identity, an-J
struggled again to throw herself Into the
river. She was taken to a hospital, where
she admitted her name. She declared her
motive to have been jealousy of her hus
band, v/lth whom she had had a violent
scene. Princess Beatrice is now suffer
ing from fever.
ROME, May 4.— Don Carlos, the Span
ish pretender, has been summoned here,
owing to the attempt of his daughter.
Princess Beatrice de Berrone, to commit
suicide by throwing herself into tbe
Tiber. 5*f$^
Pretender, Throws Herself in
the River. -"*
PRINCESS SEEKS DEATH
IN WATERS OF THE TIBES
Daughter of Don Carlos, tho Spanish
Thi3 announcement was made to Mrs. C.
C. Clay by telephone. Mrs. Clay being
deeply interested in. the work of the King's
Daughters. During the day the Informa
tion reached Major C. C. Clay, who
promptly added 51000 more to the list,
despite the fact that he was entering a
competition against the family.
These subscriptions bring the total of
ferings to the King's Daughters up to
?4350.
Harden Crawford of New York, -who
married Miss Anna Clay, was the first ona
to offer $1000 to the King's Daughters
when their Home for Incurables was des
troyed. This morning F. M. Smith, at
whose home the May Fete was given yes
terday, looked over the list of subscrip
tions and saw that the New Yorker was
down for 51000. Mr. Smith announced
that he would not be outdone by a man
from the far East, and he added his name
to the list for an equal sum.
The Klng'3 Daughters had 52000 added
to their list of subscriptions for their new
home to-day, and all 'because a New
Yorker gave 51000 toward replacing the*
building which was nearly destroyed by
fire last Monday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, May 4. .
The defense occupies a sheltered position on
the west of the field and Is attacked by a de
tail of three companies from the enemy on the
east. A counter charge on the part of the de
fense repulses the attacking party. Reinforce
ments arrive and the defense Is driven back to
the embankment it originally occupied and
where It opens a heavy flre, both infantry and
artillery. The defense slowly advances under
fire until near the embankment, when a charge
is made which dislodges the defense and re
sults in the capture of the artillery.
The afternoon exercises will open with
regimental dress parade and review.
Final company drill will be held, and tho'
company which goes through its maneu
vers the best will be declared the "ban
ner" company and given the honor ¦¦ of
carrying the colors for the next year. At
the close of battalion drill the regiment
will march to the Hillegass tract, where
tho sham battle will take place. The ex
el cises will be closed by the cadets" as
sembling arounQ the flagstaff, where re
treat will be sounded and the fiag lowered
with proper ceremony.
The plan of the sham battle is as fol
lows:
The cadets will form on the campus at
10 a.m. and regimental Inspection will be
held, with Lieutenant Colonel John L
Chamberlain, U.'.S. A., 'as inspector. Pre-.
liminary competitive .'company drill will
take place, and then the regiment .will
disband until 1:45 p. m.
BERKELEY, May 4.— All day Monday
will be occupied at the University of Cal
ifornia with the final maneuvers of the
cadets. Regimental inspection, competi
tive company drill and a sham battle are
among the* events of the annual military
field day. .
F. M. Smith and Major O. O
• Clay Each Duplicates tho
New York Amount.
Sham Battle and. "Retreat"
Will Follow Inspection
and End Drill.
The King's Daughters
Are Given Large
Subscriptions.
Maneuvers of the Cadets
" I Will Be Held To-day
on Campus; ;^J
TWO THOUSAND
DOLLARS ADDED
MILITARY DAY
AT CALIFORNIA
Occasionally, a woman uses a hammer to
drive a tack— if ; there ; Is no hair brush
handy.--. . \'; ; .' : ".¦."¦''•'""'•"." ; V-- '¦
LOS ANGELES," May 4.— Pete . Gonzales
was shot and killed ;by Francisco Yenjose
near, Los Alamatos to-day. They had
quarreled at -a dance last night. Yenjose
escaped. - Tji ': ¦ : • .
Murder Follows Quarrel.
PARIS. May 4.— At the bicycle con
tests In the Pare des Princes to-day Tom
Linton, the/ English bicyclist, won the
eighty-kilometre race . in 1 hour 9 min
utes and 50 3-5 seconds. This is the
world's record for 'that distance. • Henry
Elkes, the American, came in two - laps
behind the winner, while Rohl, the Ger
man, was third. Linton led the contes
tants all the way except for a short time
at sixty kilometres, when Rohl was in
the lead.
English Cyclist Wins in Paris.
The V-erein ' Eintracht held,. Its annual
excursion 1 and * picnic at : Fairfax j Park,
near San • Rafael, - yesterday.';/ The ' occa
sion .was the , formal opening day of the
park, . and a large crowd was ¦ present.
From early, morning until late in the aft
ernoon'there was one continual. round of
pleasure : In the "afternoon an excursion
from San Rafael . added . many to ; the
throng. | There were no games, races nor
athletic .' contests,- as > In ; former '. years,
and the time .was mostly passed in danc
ins. . : :v ,:¦•:: .¦¦¦ ¦ - .;,:•-- •¦:,';¦¦-:
Eintracht Outing.
SACRAMENTO, May r 4.-R.D. Carter
was. caught in the machinery of a pump
ing plant on' the Sacramento River, below
Freeport,' to-day, and was instantly
killed. .. . ¦.-¦.:•' , ,¦¦'¦ *-:-."? : '. -. .¦ • • . -iv:
Crushed in the Machinery.
OROVILLE, May 4.— Charles Lake acci
dentally shot and .killed himself at Yan
kee Hill.' twenty-two ; miles from Oroville
to-day. No particulars have been learned
Lake was about 72 years of age.
Accidentally Kills Himself.
CAIRO, Egypt, May 4.— A fire at Mil
Gainer, a town on the right bank of tho
Damiotta branch of the Nile, in which a
number of lives were lost and thousands
of native , residences were destroyed,
burned from Thursday afternoon"' until
Saturday . night, j The inhabitants ; of the
town were unable to. escape from . their
flimsy wood and; straw huts and burned
therein or lost their lives while trying to
rescue their belongings. , Sixty-one bodies
have already been recovered. Eight other
persons have been seriously injured.
• Lives.
Tire in Egypt Causes the Loss of
Much Property^ and Many
THC USANDS . OF NATIVE !
RESIDENCES DESTROYED
BEAUMONT, Tex./ May 4.— The South
ern Pacific depot in the heart of town was
burned early this morning. Several ex
plosions occurred in the course of the
fire,, which was got i under control • at
1 o'clock. The loss is estimated at near
?60,000, including:, the -freight .burned.
DEPOT; AT BEAUMONT
IS FUEL FOR FLAMES
TACOMA, May 4.— John Ellis, a gambler^
shot and killed Daniel Stanley,, another
gambler, in Oscar Rentzsch's saloon in
Ellensburg' late last night. The two men
had been quarreling nearly all day. They
had trouble at a ball game and both
started to draw revolvers, but neither
having the advantage they turned and
walked away from each other. Stanley
was afterward arrested and gave bonds.
Last night when Stanley went into the
saloon where Ellis was, he called to El
lis and the latter, turning round without
a word, shot him four times.- Stanley
dropped dead in his tracks. - ¦ - •¦
Neither of the men had been employed
for some t|rae, and Ellis claims that Stan
ley had been "holding him up." Further
than this the origin of the trouble is un
known. ' •
TWO GAMBLERS QUARREL
, AND ONE STOPS BULLETS
Sianche Rinehart. 15 years of age, who
ran away from her home In Sacramento
oji April 19, and Ollie Faulkner, who ran
away from her home In Forbestown on
the same day, were located in a house on
Mason Ftreet by Detective Anthony and
are now in the City Prison till their
parents arrive to claim them. Anthony
has also located Marie Gumas, 16 years
of apre, who disappeared from her home
nt 15H Fifth street, Oakland, about a
month ago. She has been spending her
time in the Theater Comique, Sacramento.
She will be brought home by her parents.
Euaawav Girls Located.
President A. W. Foster and family in
his private car, General Manager H. C.
Whiting and F. , K. Zook, superintendent
of the road, were among the arrivals.
WILLITS, May 4.— Headed by the local
band, the entire population of Willlts
turned out to-day, to welcome the arrival
of the first regular passenger train on tho
recently completed extension of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway. At 3:63
o'clock this afternoon "Jack" Hyde, with
engine No. 30 and Conductor T. J. Cum
mings, brought in a train crowded with
passengers rejoicing in their emancipation
from a half-century of rough mountain
staging. Willits is • now within seven
hours of the city. »
TOWN OF WILLITS IS
NOW "ON THE MAP"
Pioneer Resident of the State Passes
Away at a Ripe Old
Age,
Isaac A. Goldman, a pioneer resident of
San Francisco, who crossed the plains In
1S50. died last Saturday morning at his
late residence, 1404 O'Farrell street. He
had reached the mature age og 80 years
and his death was the result of general
..lebility.
Mr. Goldman had been identified prom
inently with commercial pursuits in this
city for many years. Mining was his first
venture after reaching the State, but
iater he er.graged In the importing business
and then he turned to real estate specula
tion. The deceased leaves a large family,
most of whom reside In this city. The
fureral arrangements have not yet been
ir.ade.
ISAAC A. GOLDMAN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Fischer's Theater is being filled at every
performance to the doors. The production
is funny from beginning to : end. The
whole company is as good in its way aa
th« famous organization of Weber-Field's
in New York. It is seldom that one sees a
better combination of comedy artists than
Maude Amber. Winfield Blake, Harry
Hermsen, Lillian Coleman and Alice Kel
lar.' "Fiddle Dee Dee" is down 1 for an
other month's run at Fischer's, after
which corses the second of the ; Weber-
Field's burlesques and a triple bill,
"Pousse Cafe," "Antony and Cleopatra"
and "A Royal Family." > ¦ •
"Mrs. -Partington,' a comedy hurly
burly, will be the Central Theater's at
traction of the week. It is an old favorite
and should prove a popular bill. The
Central announces another strong addi
tion to its members this week in the per
son of W. H. Bray, formerly a prominent
member of Hoyt's "Texa3 Steer" com
pany.
of the popular comedian s happiest crea
tions. The scenes are laid in low life in
New York, and besides Harrigan's part
there are " many excellent character
sketches to be found in the piece. It is
full of clean, wholesome and clever fun.
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Governor Ben
jamin B. Odell of New York arrived in
Los Angeles this afternoon and will re
main until Tuesday, when he will start for
San Francisco. He reiterates more firmly
than ever his determination not to become
a candidate for the Presidency In 1904,
saying that all he asks is to be sent to the
next National Convention from New York
in order that he may cast a vote for
President Roosevelt.
Governor Odell is to be the guest of
honor at a reception to be given to-mor
row evening by the New York Society in
the Chamber of Commerce. He expects to
be In San Francisco five or six days.
Not to Seek Presidential
Nomination.
Odell Reiterates His Determination
2JEW YORK'S GOVERNOR
LOS ANGELES' GUEST
Thej town is being gayly decorated.
"Old Glory" is flung to the breeze from
every available flagpole. ; ¦
Many prominent men are expected to
be present during the encampment. Gov
ernor Gage and General Shafter will ar
rive on Thursday morning and will review
the parade. Governor Odell of New York
will be in attendance.
To-morrow the San Joaquln Valley Vet
erans' Association will assemble for a
session of two days. An open air concert
will be given In the evening in honor of
the local veterans. The main body of the
veterans 13 expected on Tuesday, and on
Tuesday night a public entertainment In
their honor will be given in the opera
house. During the afternoon the visitors
will be given a carriage drive to Lemoore.
The citizens of the latter town have
planned a reception to the veterans.
On May 9 the parade of the Nevada and
California Grand Army posts will take
place. The old veterans will be escorted
by companies of the Sixth Regiment, Na
tional Guard of California. In the evening
a reception will be tendered the visitors
by the Woman's Relief Corps and Ladles
of the Grand Army of the Republic. The
encampment will end on Saturday, and
that night the .boys In blue will be ban
queted in Armory Hall.
HANFORD, May 4.— Hanford will have
the honor of entertaining the old veterans
of California and Nevada this week. Their
thirty-fifth annual encampment will con
vene In this city on May S and continues
until the 10th. Great preparations have
been made to give the old soldiers a
rousing time. As there will be about 1200
visitors it will tax the capacity of the
hotels and lodging-houses, but the com
mittees having the affair in charge an
nounce that they have engaged ample ac
commodations for all who will attend.
nanford Will This Week Entertain
Nevada and California Grand
- - Army Men. ' ~ , . • '¦ * . ' V ;
READY FOR THE COMING
OF THE OLD VETERANS
Greater and more extensive experiments
•will be made by these three disciples of
Marconi.
NAPA, May'lANapa has three young
men who have for some time past been
studying wireless telegraphy with marked
success. Loy Perry and Paul Chapman,
two students at the Napa High School,
assisted by Professor L. T. Merwln, have
succeeded in putting the new system of
communication into actual practice. Their
experimenting has been done in the phys
ics and chemistry laboratories at the high
school. Their first attempts resulted in
the transmission of messages or signals
but a foot or so.? Later they were able to
extend the distance to a yard, and now
they can send telegraphic* communication
from one laboratory to the other through
two walls, a distance of thirty feet. In
speaking of their demonstration of wire
less telegraphy Professor Merwin said:
"Our system is of course in a crude
way, similar to that of Marconi. We use
a static machine and condensers as trans
mitters, and our coherer was made In the
'lab.' The coherer is In series, with an
ordinary telegraph sounder, which acts
as a relay for the decoherer — a common
electric bell." .
Three Napa Young Men Send Mes
sages Through Walls -of
¦-^Buildings. **
MAKING PROGRESS WITH
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
The final rounds of the class singles
tennis tournament brought out by far the
beet matches ever seen on the park
courts. Iri.the first class Will Allen again
carried off the honors, while in the second
Kenneth Marr proved the strongest
player.
The semi-final match between Harry
Routh and Will Geary was won by the
former rather easily. This was somewhat
as a surprise, as the loser played him
very close a week ago. The score,. In
Routh's favor, was &— 3, 6—0. In the finals
it took four sets to settle the question of
supremacy between Allen and Routh. Al
len, who is slighter and much more ac
tive than , his opponent, had the better
staying powers, which enabled him to.
win out in a long match. The first three
sets were exceedingly close, but after this
Routh was distressed, and the remaining
set went to Allen easily. The complete
score was 6—4, 10—8, 3—6, 6—0."-
In the second class the matches were
even closer than in the first. Ed Flnnigan
after having the final match practically
won allowed his opponent to pull up from
fr-1 in the last set and nose him out.
His opponent in this match was Kenneth
Marr, who gave a great exhibition of grit
end proved that a tennis match Is never
won until the last point has been played.
In the third rouna of this class Kenneth
Marr and C. Griffin furnished one of the
best matches of the day. The first set
went to Marr easily, &— 2. In the second
set Griffin barely won out, 8— 6, tend was
bo tired that his opponent took the next.
&-0. Campbell beat Stapff, 6—4, 6— 2. Ed
Flnnigan beat James, .6— 2, 6— 4. J. F.
Brady beat Gould Reading, 6—2, 6—0.
In the semi-finals both matches were
rather short, the victor in each winning
in Straight sets. Marr beat Campbell,
6—4, 6—2, and Finnlgan beat Brady, 6—3,
6—4. The final match, between Marr and
Finnlgan, was highly exciting, arid the
outcome was in doubt until the end; The
score/in favor of Marr, was 6—3, 5—7, 7—5.
The winners, Allen and Marr, will hold
the silver challenge cups for one month,
when they will again be played for. Each
cup must be won three times by one man
before it goes into his possession perma
nently. *
On the California Club courts some in
teresting matches* were- played, the best
of which was the doubles in which Frank
Mitchell and Grant Smith j and Harold
Crowell and William Collier figured. The
former proved too strong for their op
ponents and won two sets out of three.
The score, in favor of Mitchell and Smith,
was 3— 6, 6— 4, 4—1. Worthington and Noble
beat 1 Bull and Daily, 7— 5, 8— 6, 6—3; Kuehn
and Stauf beat Cerf. and MacKenzie, 6—3;
Beal and 5 MacKenzie beat Cerf and
Kuehn, 6—4. ' -
In singles > Merle Johnson beat Collier
two sets out of three. The score was 6—2,
2—6, 8 — 6. Crowell • also took two out - of
three from his partner. Other matches in
singles resulted as, follows :; Sidney Salis
bury beat Frank ' Stringham, 5—7, 8—6,
6— 4; Grant Smith and Frank Mitchell
tied, 6—1, 2—6; L.' E. Wood beat Bert
Golcher,' 4—1", and tied W. S. McGavin.
4—6, 6-5; A. Ames beat Sidney Smith, 6—1,
6—2; Smith O'Brien beat Dr. Noble, 4— 6,
6—3, 6—2; W. Stauf beat M. Cerf, 4—2; A.
Worthington beat W. Bull, 6—0, 6—1; C.
Bear beat Dr. Noble, 6— 4; Beal beat Mac-
Kenzie, 8— 6; C. Kuehn beat >. MacKenzie,
4_6, 6-1, 6-2. • :
Class Respectively in Park
Tournament.
Win Prizes in the First and Second
ALLEN AND MABB PROVE
CLEVEB IN TENNIS MATCH
TALENTED VOCALIST WHO WILL RETURN TO OAKLAND IN JUNE
AFTER AN ABSENCE OF SEVERAL YEARS IN THE EAST AND IN
EUROPE, WHERE SHE PURSUED HER STUDIES.
The unfortunate woman was removed at
once to the Harbor Hospital, where
everything possible was done to relieve
her pain and to overcome the effects of
the poison. Little hope, however, is en
tertained for her recovery.
Nothing is known regarding her rela
tives, or what induced her to attempt to
end her life.
Mrs. J. Isaacs, a woman about 50 years
of age, was found by a policeman at an
early hour this morning: lying In a dying
condition in front of her residence. 518
Filbert street. She had taken carbolic
acid, and at the time she was found she
was suffering intense pain.
Morning.
at an Early Hour This
3£rs. J. Isaacs Drinks Carbolic Acid
WOMAN IS FOUND
DYING ON SIDEWALK
Boys were playing baseball this after
noon near the building, and it is believed
they are responsible for the fire. The
damage was $500.
FLEASANTON, May 4.— The Pleasanton
public school building, a $14,000 two-story
frame structure, had a narrow escape
from being destroyed by fire this after
noon. For two hours, after Mrs. Bruce,
residing near the school, gave the alarm,
the fire department worked to save the
building, and its efforts were successful.
The fire broke out in the lower story un
der the flooring: in the northeast corner
It was a "blind" fire and difficult to
reach. It is supposed that carelessness of
beys with cigarettes caused the fire. None
oi the stoves in the building have been
used for several weeks, and the Janitor
Eays everything was in perfect order
when he v.-ent through the schoolhouse
yesterday afternoon.
Building From Destruction by
Flames.
Two Hours' Work by Firemen Saves
PLEASAMTON SCHOOL
HAS NASBOW ESCAPE
George H. Thomas Post. 1 , G. A. R., will
hold Its annual service in /memory of
'the deceased comrades in Golden Gate
Hall on Butter street to-morrow I even
ing at 8 o'clock. General William . R.
Shatter will deliver the . memorial ad
dress. . Comrades of the Grand Army,
with Hhelr families, are invited, especial
ly relatives and friends .of deceased sol
diers of the Civil War. .. ;• -¦••¦ t
To Hold Memorial Exercises.
The Elks' Street: Fair and Carnival is
rapidly taking shape. The committees
have been meeting. continually during the
week and are able? to 'announce some of
the : plans [ for. , the ; event, j Space is being
rapidly disposed . of to those who .will
make ; and '', the ¦' success'' of the
event 'is not longer a matter . of question.
I' The fair, will run but eight days.'.'and
th,e ! difficulty now is to supply special days
enough to those who wish to control an
afternoon or an evening, j The Woodmen
of 'the World have' asked for the evening
of Thursday, Juno 19, and this has been
awarded them. On the evening of that
day the Woodmen, of the World of the
entire county will have a grand initia
tion at the Macdonough- Theater. The
drill teams from every camp in the county
will be* present, and In the evening, be
fore the exercises : at the theater, there
will be a competitive drill for prizes at
the fair grounds. After this is over the
work of the order will be given at the
theater. The grounds will be turned over
to tho Woodmen on that evening, a large
drill platform will be erected and search
lights and, colored lights will be used to
increase the effect.
This is the only- exact date that has
been set, but there will be a day set aside
for each of the principal towns of the
county, ; except Oakland. \ There will • be
an afternoon each for Alameda, Berkeley,
Haywards. San Leandro and possibly the
Livermore Valley. The citizens -outside
of the order of Elks will be asked to take
charge of the programme on those days,
and the Elks will secure special railroad
facilities and railroad fares on those days
for the residents who wish to attend.
It ' Is expected that the Interior towns
of Alameda County will make industrial
exhibits as .well as giving a programme
for a day. This is regarded as a very
advantageous opportunity for a display
and a distribution of literature, for many
thousands of visitors are expected from
San Francisco and all over the State.
In addition to the days devoted to the
different towns there will be afternoons
or evenings given over to soeteties— the
Native Sons, Odd Fellows, Irish^ocietles
and others. The League of the Cross
Cadets will probably give a drill, and
many features are being added every day.
An honorary press committee was ap
pointed by the executive committee last
evening as follows: -
Oakland— W. E. Dargie, G. B. Daniels. John
F. Conners, A. A. Denison, Thoma3 Nunan,
Gi(?eon Daviu and Paul Goldsmith.
Alameda — T. G. Daniels, George F. Weeks,
R. H. v Maglll Jr. and Harry Taylor.
. Berkeley— F. W. Richardson and H. I* Dun
gan.
Elmhurst — Frank Storer. -
San Leandro — Daniel McCarthy and W. P.
Trucsdell.
Haywards— George Oakes, O. R. Morgan and
S. T. Morgan.
Njles — H. J. Waters and A. R. Waters.
Irvlngton— E. B. Thompson.
Pleaeanton — Fred E. Adams.
Livermore — A. L. Henry and Wilbur E. Still.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ' 1118 Broadway. May 4.
The stranger, who has been In Tiburon
for several days, entered the saloon of the
Sonoma House and asked Scolarl for a
drink. Scolari told him he had had
enough liquor already. The fellow remon
istrated, asserting that he must have an
other drink. Scolari replied that he must
put up the money first or he could not
have the liquor.
"So you won't give me a drink unless
1 put up the coin. Then take that," and,
drawing a revolver from his hip pocket,
the stranger fired point blank at Scolari's
head. The inaccuracy of the man's aim
saved Scolari's life. The ball grazed his
face and shattered the mirror back of the
bar. Scolari, as soon as the first shot
was fired, dropped behind the bar. His
assailant was climbing upon the bar to
fire again when Constable Al McNeil, who
was in the saloon at the time, grappled
with him ana succeeded in wresting the
A-eapcn from his grasp.
No papers upon the stranger's person
threw any light on his Identity. Sheriff
Taylor was notified and the culprit was
locked up. To-morrow a formal charge
of attempt to murder will be placed
against him.
TIBURON, May 4.— C. Scolari, proprie
tor of the Sonoma House in this city,
r.arrowly escaped being murdered by a
drunken man this evening. The name of
the wculd-be assassin cannot be learned
at this time, for the reason that he will
not divulge it nor reveal his place of res
idence.
Special DlEpatch to The Call.
Harrlgan's second week at the Grand
Opera-house will be given over to "The
Leather Patch," wherein he appears as
Jere McCarthy, an undertaker. It is one
To-night the Tivoli offers the long
promised production of "The Singing
Girl," another Alice Nielsen opera, that
is fully expected to rival "The Fortune
Teller" in favor. Mr. Steindorff and Fer
ris Hartman promise a presentment fully
up to the standard set by "Tho Serenade"
and so well maintained by "The Fortune
Teller." New, and smart stage furnish
ings and costumes as handsome | as can
be obtained will grace the show, and the
opeia's long rehearsal insures the smooth
ness and finish of its rendering. The
many admirers of Annie Myers will be
glad to welcome her back to prominence
as Greta, the singing girl, a part that will
doubtless be undertaken with delightful
chic by the Tlvoli's clever soubrette.
Hartman will be Prince Pumpernickel,
and the rest of the cast is apportioned to
best advantage. It is the first time "The
Singing Girl" has been given to popular
prices, and it will doubtless prove an ex
cellent attraction.
Sid Humphrey, kinder workln round, Ernest
Howell; Mary St. Clair (Aunt Mary), house
keeper at the Howlandg', Lillian Elliott;
Marlah, the hired girl. Baggo Conklin; Jonas
Bender, doln* chores. Royal Dana Tracy; Seth
Howland. head of a New Kngland family,
George Oeborne; Silas Peter Winkler, a relic
of yesterday, Frank Bacon; Kuth Wtnkler,
Silas' brother's child. Agnes Ranken; Rebecca
Splcer who'd give up nothln' for any man,
Juliet Crosby; Ann Jane Hunker. Just a little
tot Edith Cooper; Jack Allen, in love with
Ruth. Zellah Covington; Will St. Clair, lieuten
ant Twelfth Massachusetts, Henry Shumer; the
colonel, with memories of Gettysburg, Walter
Belasco; Henry Welling, lieutenant Twelfth
Massachusetts. Howard Scott; Robert Holmes,
captain Twelfth' Massachusetts. M. L,. Alsop;
Esther Howland, Seth's oldest daughter,
Marion Convere; Hettte Howland, "Babe," her
sister. Oza Waldrop: Liddy Ann Parker, living
in hopes, Eleanor Gordan; Frank Howland,
Seth'B son. Grant Wagner; Mrs. Simpson, Caro
line Flanders: Mr. Simpson, her husband, Cal
vin Dlxj Willie, their son, Milton Stallard.
The chief event of the Alcazar season
will take place to-night with the produc
tion of "When the Heart Was Young,"
the new pastoral drama by Charles
Francis Bryant and Lotta Day Coleman.
The utmost care has been spent upon the
production, and many novel effects in the
way of scenery are promised. It is a pas
toral drama without a villain or the usual
clumsy country louts that are mistakenly
introduced for the sake of atmosphere.
The scenes are laid in New England, the
people are New England types and the
cast has been selected with special pains
from the cleverest members of the Alca
zar forces. The cast Is as follows:
Nat Goodwin and Maxine Elliott will
delight a large audience at the Columbia
Theater to-night in "An American Citi
zen " Madeleine Lucette Ryley's favorite
American comedy. It Is one of Mr. Good
win's most auspicious parts, and most
famous. Miss Elliott also has a charming
opportunity as the very likable heroine,
and her work of the last week makes cer
tain a highly interesting conception. The
piece is possibly the most popular in the
Goodwin repertoire and has been demand
ed with much insistence throughout their
whole tour. That they have decided to
give four performances of the play here
is to be considered a fortunate conces
sion. Monday, Wednesday and Thursday
nights and the Saturday matinee will be
devoted to the play,; the rest of the week
to "When We Were Twenty-One."
This week's list of attractions at the
capacious Chutes Theater Is long and
strong. Among the entertainers are Jack
Norworth, the story-teller; the Clipper
quartet in "Uncle Eph's Dream"; the
Fetching brothers and their musical
flower garden; Gorman and Keppler,
comedian and dancer; Fred Stuber, banjo
virtuoso, and Coley and Mamie Grant, the
"Kohinoors of colored comedy." Colonel
Edward Beaupre. the colossal young man,
who stands nearly eight feet high in his
stockings, is a tall feature. r lhe nrst
amateur performance will be given Thurs
day night.
Seats go on sale this morning for the
big benefit to be given in aid of the new
Actors' Fund Home, announced for next
Thursday afternoon at the Columbia The
ater. That the entertainment will draw
a crowded house there is no doubt, as the
programme to be- offered will be a very
enticing one, of excellent length and di
versity. All the star players now appear
ing in this city will have their quota of
work to offer, and the performance, when
It once gets started, and that will he- at
l;30 sharp, will be full of pleasant sur
prises, as the various playhouses are try
ing to outdo one another in the crteilence
of their respective offerings. N. C. Good
win, Maxme Elliott and their company;
the leading vaudeville acts from the Or
pheum; James Neill and his company;
the Tlvoli Opera-house company; the Al
cazar Theater company; Edward Harri
gan and the Grand Opera-house company;
the Central Theater company. Seats are
to be $2, Jl 50, $1 and 50 cents.
James Neill and his company of play
ers in "Under the Red Robe" form the
strong attraction that holds the boards at
the California this week. Judging from the
sympathetic indorsement tne audience
gave the. first night's production of the
romantic costume drama it is safe to say
that it will have a good run the rest of
tue week. The scenery and costumes are
superb, and this, combined with the ex
cellent quality of the acting, gives the
piece a zest and flavor that is genuinely
enjoyable.
Mr. Neill as Gil de Berault, gambler,
bravo and martyr to his own honor,
makes friends readily for a character
that is generally clothed in serious doubt
until the closing act of the piece. The
part gives Mr. Neill's versatility the
widest possible scope, and he does not
fail to take advantage of every line.
Cardinal Richelieu is played by Frank
Mac Vicars, who originally created the
part. Edythe Chapman added another
cluster to her laurels as Renee de Coche
foret, the loving sister of the Henri de
Cochetoret, a rebel condemned to death
by the Cardinal, and around whose trou
bles the piece is written. Miss Chapman
is the soul of womanly affection and loy
alty in the part
Miss Julia Heinrlch, the charming con
tralto whose name for these two weeks
only may be found upon a vaudeville pro
gramme, leads the interest of the Or
pheum's unusually good bill this week.
Many friends greeted the young singer's
advent Into vaudeville yesterday after
noon, and she received a hearty welcome
at the hands of the Orpheumites.' Miss
Helnrich's fresh, pure voice, was heard
to much advantage in the four songs on
her Drograrome— "Daphne's Love," "Irish
Foiksong," "Mighty Like a Rose" and
"Guten Abend"— though she seems yet,
not quite at ease in the huge house. Also,
she must miss the delightful accompany
ing of Max Helnrich that was not ade
quately replaced by Mr. Rosner's orches
tra. Doubtless, however, the accom
paniments will go more smoothly to
night. The singer was in excellent voice
and will undoubtedly prove a strong at
traction for the" enterprising management.
The Florenz troupe of acrobats does a
sensational sort of gymnastic stunt. It is
difficult to say just how many there are
of them, but . they are all there. The
troupe includes a wonderful young
tumbler, who turns double somersaults
as easily as one turns a flapjack, and a
strong woman who can give points . to
most men. Milton and Dollie Nobles are
to the fore with a smart new sketch, "A
Blue Grass Widow,", that provides plenty
of amusement, and Hilda Thomas and
Lou Hall have the other sketch, a bright,
well dene comedietta, "The Lone Star."
Raymond and Caverly get plenty of
rather strongly flavored fun out of a Ger
man turn, and the five Nosses and Louise
Dresser continue their successes of last
week. The Hoste brothers do some good
clowning, and with Jack Norworth, who
sings, complete the bill that should find
the Usual size of Orpheum audiences.
Attack Follows Refusal to
Give Liquor to Intox
icated Man.
Much Space Has Already Been
Sold and Handsome Ex
hibits Are to Be Made.
Neill Company Gives Great
Performanca ot "Under
the Red Robe."
OAKLAND, May 4.— The announce
ment is made the return to her
home in this city of Mrs. Beatrice
Priest-Fine after an absence of
several years in the'JSast and in
Europe, where she has been pursuing her
vocal studies under the best teachers.
Mrs. Fine is expected during June, and
she -will make Oakland or San Francisco
her home. ¦ • ¦ . <
It is three years since the many friends
or the petite ginger have had the pleasure
of listening to her voice— a voice 1 which
the critics of Oakland and San Francisco
said was excellent, and which has proved
to be more than true by her three years'
study in the musical centers of this coun
try and Europe. She was at that time a
member of the choir of the First Metho
dist Church, and had been heard In ama
teur concerts on both sides of : the bay.
Then she went East to .study; and' now
her voice has been pronounced far above"
the average in' tone and quality, and she
returns to her own home with many com
pliments from the best and most severe of
critics. .'-. . '.-'.' :','.:
Special Days Given to
Interior Towns of
the County.
Tiburon Hotel-Keepar Is
Fired Upon by a
Stranger.
Young Contralto Makes
First Appearance in*
Vaudeville.
ELKS FAIR JILL
BE A SUCCESS
JULIA HEINRICH
AT THE ORPHEUM
INACCURATE AIM
SAVES HIS LIFE
VOCALIST WILL RETURN
TO HER HOME IN JUNE
M. s. Beatrice Priest-Fine. Who Has Been Studying in the
East and in Europe for Several Years, Is the Recipient of
. Many Compliments From the Most Severe of Critics
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY^ M AY 5, 1902K
7
POSTUM CEREAL.
AN HONEST FRIEND.
Cleared Away the Family Troubles.
There is not one thins on earth that
could enter a family and do as much
honest good and bring: as much happiness
as in certain cases where coffee drinking
i3 left off and Postum Food Coffee used
Jn its place. ':.; ,-}?
A family in Iowa Park, Texas, fur-
nishes a good illustration.: The mother
says: "I want to tell you what happened
in our family when we left off coffee and
took up Postum. About eight months ago
we made a cnange. I had been, for quite
a while, troubled with rheumatism irx ray
right hip and shoulder, swimming of tho
head, and fluttering of the heart, so I
thought I had heart trouble.
"Sometimes in walking my bead would
swim eq that I would be obliged to sit
down. I had other disagreeable feelings
I cannot describe, but they will be readily
understood by coffee drinkers if they will
cenfess it.
"My (family were also more or less 111
and were all coffee drinkers. Well, we
gave up the coffee and started in on Pos-
tum Food Coffee; husband and myself
and four children. Even the 2-year-old
baby (she had been fmny since having
the grip) had her coffee along with the
rest of the family. When we made the
change to Postum she began to fatten
and now is perfectly healthy and fat as
a pig.
"My boys, 10 and 12 j'ears of age, are
eo etout and muscular that people remark
about them and ask what j makes them
bo. I do not have any more trouble with
rheumatism or with my head; neither
does my husband, who was troubled
much in the same way. Wo are all in
better health every way than we have
lx-en before in years and we are always
glad of an opportunity to recommend Pos-
tum. I ¦ hope what I have said will lead
others to make the change." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.-- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE
FOR ALL
BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach, Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and Female Ailments,
Tho Sate now exceeds SIX MILLION Boxes pen Annum*
Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, England.
Sold Everywhere, in Boxes, I Oc. and 25c.
U. 6. A. Depot, 365 Canal Street, New' York.
I fe^^rj^iiiKE a Meteor ¦ - ;:
'¦^0$&fS&$^ "the electric lighted coajchcs of the
l >f»\V.-!^v^"* ¦¦'¦' ¦ BBHgSSffSffl ¦¦„•'"'"•••
California ¦ >
¦Shoot Eastward through the night —I ike k Meteor m j
speed this luxur iotts train maKes the journey from
Saa\ Frartcisco to Chicsv^o irv three d«\y». >;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 5, 1902.
8
HELP WAITED—^FEMALE— Cow.
PANTS finishers; 75c a pair; steady work. S58
•Howard st. bet 4th and 5th. over handball
court. ,
GIRL for light housework; small family; wages
$10. 719 Capp st. . ¦..-;.
YOUNG lunch waitress •" call at once. MRS.
KOSTA. 2405 California st. '
A GIRL to help around kitchen and wait at
table. Apply 2030 17th st., cor. Vermont. '
GIRL for light housework; good home. 623
Haisht st . •" ¦ . ' •
*GIRL wanted for dressmaking. 1235 Foisom.
WAITRESS wanted — Hours 11 a. m. to 8 p. m.;
good pay. People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
, LEVI STRAUSS & CO., ' 32% FREMONT
-ST*; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 5 girls to' learn hairdresslng. mani-
curing, mas.-are and hair work: only 2 weeks-
required; brlns'aU; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waitinc; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening claw.
College. 233 Geary St.. room< 13-15.
LADIES, why work hard all day for some one
1 else when you can work for us in your own
home, making $10 to $12 a week? W« teach
you the business free and buy the product.
Torchon Lace Co.. 43, The Metropole, 6 Turk.
AN experienced nurse girl, light second work,"
$15 a month; not over 30 years. Apply 233
Third ave.: Sutter-st. cars.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS. 097 Mission St., cor. 2d.
AN experienced nursegirl, light second work,
$15 a month: not over 30 years. Apply 2o3
Third ave., Sutter-st cars. . . -
WANTED — By widower; housekeeper to care
for two small boys; no cooking; wages $10.
Box 393, Petaluma. Cal.
Hairdresslng, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College.1236
Market, rm. 94; fiolsndld position; day, eve.
WANTED— Girls to fold shirts. Apply THE
, L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st. ,
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on gentle- j
men's coats. 105 Ellis st.', rooms 22 and 23.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under- 1
wear. C5G Mission st..' third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' over j
skirts; good pay. 056 Mission St., third floor. I
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
gocd pay. C5G Mission st, third floor.
EXPERIENCED ironer. 05G Mission St.. third
floor. -
EXPERIENCED hands on children's dresses.
220 Sutter st, room 2$. ¦ ¦
FINISHERS and operators on pants. 541 Mar-
ket st,^upstairs. '
WANTED — A first-class talloress on fine coats.
929 Filbert st . .."
A COMMERCIAL traveler at once. Box 1622.
• Call office.
TAILORESS, first class, on fine coats; good
operator; best wages; permanent. 488 Geary.
GIRL for general housework. Call at 7 Chen-
ery St., off Thirtieth. • ¦ -
PANTS finishers; gocd pay. Royal Pants Co.,
223 Kearny Et.
WANTED — Young girl, 15 or 16 years; light
housework and help in bakery. 535 Castro st.
HANDS wanted on ladies' overskirts to take
work home. 650 Mission st., third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts to work In
factory; good pay. 056 Mission st, 3d floor.
IF you wish to marry desirable gentlemen call
or write Mrs. Hertz, 70G Ellis st. ; no charges.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
txveen 8 and 11. a. m. at HALE BROS. •
I PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
- CO. Apply at factory. 27 Gt-ary st
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st
"WANTED — Experienced Fhirtmaker3. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. '
HKLI* WA.\TKO— MALEv
MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
....034 and t>3ti Clay Street.
Office Open
•. 3CO0 Railroad Men
300 teamsters, Nevada $2 25 to $2 50 day
500 rockmen, Nevada ..$2 50 to. $3 day
-.500 laborers, Nevada. ....$2 day
Free Fare.... l.'.Shlp Morning and Night
Santa Fe Company's Own Work
75 laborers to work in section, steel, ballast
gangs on Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s work
Free Fare.". Ship Morning and Afternoon,
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, country shop, $52 and found;
shingle packer, $75 and found; 2 rough car-
penters, city. $2 50 "day: 2 carpenters, fare
25c, 8 hours' work. $3 50 day; 3 carpenters,
city, ?.'{ day; 6 carpenters, city, $3 50; 2 rough
carpenters; blacksmith, country shop, $3 day;
blacksmith, camp, city, $75; 4 blacksmiths,
other jobs; 3 carriage painters, country, $3
day; sticker, hand planlng-mlll, city........
4 cut-off sawyers; 10 boxmakers. city Jobs..
MINE BRICKYARDS
LABORERS
3 miners, good mine, north. $75; 4 miners,
south, $55 and found; 15 laborers, mirie. $42
and found: 5 laborers, north, mine, $C0; 3
brickmolders, mine company. $75; 3 brick-
setters, $75' 2 Kiln burners, $75; 10 laborers,
brickyard, $60; 10 laborers, surface work for
mine, .*:J0 and found 20 laborers, city work,
$42 and found: 15 laborers, $1 25 day; 5 la-
borers, San Mateo County, $."54 and found:
10 laborers, Napa County. $34, and found ; 5
laborers, $60
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman, truck stable, city, $50; cheese-
maker, $40 and found; 3 boys, city factory,
. $1 25 day; boy for surveyor's office;*.*! stable-
men; 2 buggy washers: stableman, country
livery stable, south, $30
75 farmers for fruit farms and vineyards,
$26 to $32 50 and found; 20 Eastern farmers,
$2G and $:*.0; 3 haymakers, $32 50 and found;
175 farm hands, hay and grain ranches, $26
to $40 and found; 15 choremen, city and
. country. $25, $30. $35 and found ; 10 chore-
boys, city and country. $10, $15, $20 and
found; Sl> milkers, city and country dairies,
$30 to $40 and found .' % .
10 farmers, fare $1 20, $30 and found; 5
ranch teamsters for a large syndicate com-
pany ranch. $30 and found; 10 men to pick,
. cut and pack asparagus, no experience re-.
quired, $30 and found
MARRIED HELP
Married stableman, city. ?u0; man and wife
¦ for mine. $75 and found
Man and wife, country place, Santa." Clara
county, $40 and found; farmer and wlje,
Yuba County, $10 and found ;. choreman and
wife, fare $2 50, $45 and found; farmer and.
wife,'.' $35 and- found; married stableman,
country livery stable. $40 and house. .......
'SAWMILLS
"WOOD . . .YARDS
125 laborers, no experience required, to work
'"in mills, yards and woods, $30 to $75 and
found; cut-off sawyer,, shingle mill, $:J5 and
found; shingle packer, mill 23,000 capacity,
- $35 and found: pang edsrerman, $45: sniper.
: woods, $75 and found; shingle saw filer, $75
and found; 0 laborers, . mill, Sonoma County,
$30 and found
. . .". . HOTELS. ETC
-. Cook for hotel. Arizcna." fare paid, $50 and
found; cook for Nevada, $50; 18 other cooks,
$30 to $55 and found; 22 waiters; 27 kitchen
hands; butcher and drive, wagon, city, $12
week; cook's helper for camp, city; cook,
•small hotel, Santa Clara...".
MURRAY & READY.. ...... 634-C36 CTay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third St., near Call bldjr.. phone Bush 405.
......... RAILROAD LABORERS i .... .
....FREE FARE.... .FREE FARE....
100 teamsters. Nevada:... $2 to $2 23 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. .......... .$2 25 day
. 60 concrete nten.'V. .............. ...$2 25 day
- . .FOR SAWMILL AND LUMBER WOODS. .
- 50 sawmill j hands and woodsmen, $30 to $65
- per^menth and. board, no experience neces-
sary; steady work; lumber pliers, yard men,
railroad hands, swampers, fallers, cross-
cutters, hook tenders, etc. '
Fare Advanced. . Ship Three Times a Week
. Man and wife, man to work on section, $2
per day, wife to cook, small crew, $30 per
month j and found. .....'
4 milkers, 25 cows. ...$30 and $35 per month
Cooks, " waiters and dishwashers, city. .....
Man to tend bar, wait on dlnlnfr-room, road-
house, near. city... . ..'....$25 per month
Ranch cook, country, small crew. .$25 and bed
5 carpenters, ' rou eh work. city... $2 50 and $3
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. -59 Third st
. HF.AD waiter, ¦ country .hotel, $40 and ; found ;
-2 restaurant cooks." $70 and $40;: waiters,
and others. 'J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento St. . ,-
3 FARMERS and wives, $40 and $50; farmers
for ' Napa. ; Santa I Cruz. : San Mateo and So-
I rioma counties. $25 and $30 and found; 3 coal
. miners, 1 $2 50 to ?2 75 day; 5. lumber pliers,
. $00;' 10. laborers about .mill . and woods.
$30 and $35 and > found ; S laborers > and car
: men for. mine, $2' day; man about -place, $25
and found; gardener. $30 • and found ; chore-
man for. ranch. $25 and found, and* many
- others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., -628 Sacra-
mento St." . :.\ V ,.
3 MORE car repairers: tinner, * $2 75 day:
blacksmith helper. $2 Cay; carpenters for
"' city" and country. $3 50 day;. .bench hand, S3
day: edgerman.- $3 day; -boy for factory.- $8
week; wagon maker. $3 day; carriage smiths
and * helpers ; carriage painters, and other
¦ mechanics. ; J. F. . CROSETT & CO.. . C2S
Sacramento st. ... :'¦¦/'.
WANTED— Elderly business man; must be
¦ good . penman : wages $10 per month. Call at
ANDRE'S, 31G Stockton Bt.
' HOUSES TO LET. -
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. It Montgomery.
NEW house 7 roomTand bath; near^Boulevard
station; lent $20. JACOB HEYMAN CO..
117 Sutter st , '. _
FOR RENT — 2 rooms and kitchen: woodshed,
yard; $7 month. PETER GUNNIN. Bakery.
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts. |
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, oft Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Appiy
10 Ewer place. m
OCTAVIA. 1514— Fine house of S large rooms
and bath; new sanitary plumbing: large yard;
good location for doctor: very desirable.
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 14C3 Steiner st,
near ElUs. ___ m
$35 — A SNAP; 10 new sunnjr rooms In flrst-
class order. 1449 Devisadero St.. cor. Geary.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
MODERN 9 rooms and hath, largo cellar and
garret; gas and range; house rent $30; furni-
ture and carpets, $250. Call Monday from
9 to 5 at 38 Silver st
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, hypnotist;
guarantees teach these sciences in 4 lessons.
$20; past, future revealed $1. 9 Powell, rm. t>.
INVESTMENTS. _
THE Investors" Agency. 137 Montgomery St..
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
~~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Near Caiy Building, brown leather
purse containing $5 gold and some change.
Please return to J. M. Cramer. 724 Market
st: reward.
LOST — Small silk and chamois bag containing
four rings; suitable reward. 110 East Twelfth
st, Oakland." J
LOST — An ear screw, emerald set with small
diamonds. " Finder will receive liberal re-
ward by returning to B08 Devisadero st
LOST — A gold nugget bracelet, between Call-
f crnia Theater and Po3t st. ; $10 reward. > Re-
turn 201 Shotwell st, near Sixteenth.
IT will pay to "Remember" that tha Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXP - ¦ Flt<L ' OW9 ' ,'
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 PoweU
st; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter.712 Mission :tel.Maln 730.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Kremont st
24-1 X. matcher and planer, complete $100
8-Inch 4-sided sticker.. DO
1 resaw ready for use..... 50
4-H.P. gasoline engine, complete........ 10O
4-H.P. steam engine and boiler......... DO
5-H.P. steam engine and holler 100
35-H.P. fire box boiler and engine 550
1-H.P. Shipman boiler and engine 15
1 double drum friction hoist 200
1 logging hoisting engine 250
2 freight elevators (geared), each 35
Beltintr and water pipe, all sizes; all tha
above goods sscond-hand. but in fine repair.
H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: big stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Coilender Co.. 653 Mission.
FOR sale — A fresh cow. Inquire 2699 Union
street
WANTED to sell good collection of postags
' etamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Bt. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
WHITE sewing machine: 7 drawers; good as
new; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
THOROUGHBRED foxhound puppies tor sale.
2717 Nineteenth st.
FOR sale — A sealskin Jacket, 3-1 bust $75.
Box 171S, Call. '
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prlce3 on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalu 1. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-handi
• and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont at
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
- BAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd &_Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought gold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519, Market at
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. . BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
MIS CELLAXEOU3 WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also genU'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 49C0. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st; tel.- Jesslo -S51.
Wanted — 2d-har.d electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrtcnlT/ks..418Turk.
MONEY TO jLQAJr.
A— B. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery at, room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rate.".
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. -
On third mortgages, x
On undivided interests In real estata.
On estates in probate.
e a .tc us. no DELAT.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN, 2t Montgomery St.. room &.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-«02 Examiner blx
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ......
' On First and Second Mortgages..... «
On Life Interests In Estates
- Property Being Held In Tru3t. .......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estate* In ProbatA.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sixes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY «
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-603 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6Vi and 6 ©er cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
JLXCX proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third, mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms If),
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSKN.
MONEY ~b» loan In sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc., at lowest rate o£
Interest; private and confldentiaL TOMLIV-
SON & CO., 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av«,, near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable prlvats plaej to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. . Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Ealdwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market st. : tel. Main 1B44. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgage, and on fur-
nlture or pianos: no removal! any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St. room 3CL
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal •
lowest rate- private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture oiancs: no removal: low rates: confld«n->
tlalT' WHITEHEAP (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
8 F DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to" salaried
' * people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bld».
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party." 1170 Market st.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
• . no brokerage charged : confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; prlvat*
party. St Ann's bids.. 6 Eddy. r. 104. 5th fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
-Phone Black 1709, room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 41. Merchants' E-TC. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low, also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
- $1000; any security. .102 Montgomery st. r. X.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORHELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
IF you want a horn* I -will loan you money t»
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansoma st
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastera
. plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldj.
IeBIPLOYMEKT WAKTEP^MAIig^
GERMAN; understands attends «<^™*:
313 Sutter St. -...•...
WANTED-Position by an experienc ed sales-
man;, can handle any line cloth ng : or - furn-
ishings preferred. Address Salesman, box
173S. Call office. ¦ " \ ,
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert on en
glnes, pumps, hydraulic machinery . ana
presses, daughtsman and » a ,tternmaker K
R. and stat. engineer, nrst-class references.
wants suitable position. E. B.. box ldOO, Call, j
EXPERIENCED, reliable man °* I
Judgment offers his services as money-maker
for appreciative firm in real estate > or f en l' a^
merchandise; good salesman; references. iJox
1710, Call.
WANTED— -Wotk as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk>,buslness manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise; electric execution,
strenuous, imperturbable. N. R. **<> ° ox ,
1611, Call.
POSITION as ranch foreman; 20 years' expe-
rience; understands stock, grain and fruit,
also engineering and blncksmitning. Ad-
dregs 10 Merrltt st.
TRAINED hospital nurse; Gorman gentleman;
single; with good reference; wishes engage-
. ments: would also travel with invalid. Box
1713, Call office. ' '
AN experienced shoe man wants position in
country as manager or salesman; references,
Nolan, Hewen,, George & Earl. 318 Mnrket,
S. F. Add. J. M. JONES, care above firm.
A YOUNG man having practical knowledge of
electrical engineering wants situation with
electric light or power company ; wages no
object Address aTz!, box 1544, Cay office.
AN energetic young man wishes a position as
an assistant bookkeeper; Is good at figures.
Box 1615. Call office. '
A STRONG -and able young man of 22 would
like a position In a wholesale house as por-
ter; best of reference. Box 1623, Call. ¦
YOUNG man 24 neat, willing and obliging,
•wants. -work' of any kind; best city references.
Box 1509. Call office. ~>" - - "
MALE nurse; surgical or medical; Al refs.;
rates ?1 50 day. Box 1606, Call office. .
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position.
TAKA. 1009 Ftllmore st; tel. West. 804..
CLASSIFIED advertisements nnd subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. / '
. • FINANCIAL. __^^^^. .
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
Investigate our 6 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come In on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
St.; established 1892. - .-;,-¦ .
FLATS TO LET. ;
A FEW of our choice small flats to let, 4 to
7 rooms:
1S09 Eddy, L. F., 4 ¦ • 1310 Ellis, U. F., 6
• rooms $20 rooms ........ .$35
781Halght, M. F., 242 Frederick. L.
5 rooms $25 F.,, 0 rooms.... $30
043 Frederick, L. 35CS Seventeenth, L.
F.. 5 rooms. .$22 50 F., 5 rooms $20
834 Elizabeth, C, 5 933 Fourteenth, H.,
rooms ..$15 7 rooms $27 50
-¦ ¦ SPECK & CO., 607 Market st.
PACIFIC ave., 2922 — Elegant sunny upper flat,
8 rooms and bath; .beautiful marine view.
SPECK & CO.
ELEGANT modern middle flat, 8 rooms and
bath; choice location. S.E. cor. Washington
and Lyon sts.; beautiful marine view.
SPECK &. CO. N
VAN NESS ave., 2414— Modern sunny flat. 8
rooms and bath, choice location. - SPECK
& CO. \ - -
EIGHTEENTH. 4543. near Clara ave.— Upper
Eunny flat 5 rooms, and bath; modern im-
provements. • ¦
FLAT of 7 rooms. 250 Shipley st. ; $14 per mo.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath, rent $28, at 071
Post st. near Larkin.
OAK, 427 Va — Upper flat, 6 rooms; modern im-
provements. ¦
SEK latest improved flat. Just built, between
parks; best location. 259 Cnrl. nr. Stanyan.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement Owner, 2134 Pine.
$25 — FINE sunny flat 6 rooms and bath. 2134
i O'Farrell St., Inquire upstairs.
i FLATS TO LK1— FDR.MSHEU.
MODERN 8-room furnished flat to rent or fur-
1 niture for sale on easy payments if necessary-
1 Apply from 4 to 6 p. m. at 1028 Ellis st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, gas, 2 adults. 2250
Mission St., warm belt. Atldr«.-ss H.. 1090
Valencia st. ¦
COMPLETELY furnished upper floor, 3 sunny
rooms and bath; adults. 2110 Baker st.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517 — I rms. ; bath :gas range; •
garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS WAXTlil).
WANTED — JTo rent a flat of 3 rooms and bath.
; by couple without children, within Ji-hour's
¦ rlde : to Powell and Geary st. ; north of Mar-
ket; must be reasonable. Address M, Call
branch, 2200 Fillmore.
rORXITUKE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets of flat 1183 Ellis sll
for sale in part or whole; flat will be vacated.
Apply Monday, May 5.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Elegant bedroom set, baby carriage, sewing ma-
chine, bed lounge; going East. 64 Tehama.
FURNISHED flat, first-class condition; cheap.
• 4131 Eighteenth st., near Castro. .
7 ROOMS, all rented; reasonable on account of
departure. 514 Valencia St.
FURNITURE WASTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 77.1 Mission St., pays highest
pries for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.;
GLOVES. r . "
SPECIAL sale Danlcheff glove, own make, at
00c. 121 Grant ave. ¦
HELP WAVI'KD — FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, commercial hotel, $30. MRS.
M. E. DAY, at5 Geary st. ;
TWO waitresses, same first-class city hotel,
$25. MRS. M. E. DAY, 3,15 Geary st. -".
WAITRESS, first-class springs, $20. fare both
• ways. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
{ CHAMBERMAID to wait, resort, $25. MRS. 1
I M. E. DAY. 335 Geary St.
TWO neat young salesladies for first-class
candy store, $7 week; no experience neces-.
sary. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
SECOND girl, $25; 4 cooks, $30 each; 2 wait-
resses, same hotel, $20 each; woman to as-
sist with housework, no cooking, must sleep
home, $20; nursegirl, $15; ' houseghi, $30:
boarding-house cook,. $25: woman with a
child,- $20; housekeeper,. $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter Et. . .
WOMAN with a child; good cook and house-
keeper; reference. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st ¦ ¦ • . :. ...
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY, TO LEARN
.' HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
' LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
• ST.; MR. DAVIS. ~~ "~
AN experienced first-class waitress and par-
lor maid, willing to assist with, chamber
work; references required. Call ; 2100 Wash-
. ingtonst., cor., Octavia.- between 11. and 1.
GIRL for general housework and plain 'cook-
Ing; small family; good wages. 776 McAl-
lister, st. ; '..¦', •¦ - .- . ¦
GOOD finisher on custom coats; steady -work
and good wages. 110 Olive ave., oft Polk st,
. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. '-
WANTED— Young lady competent to ' make
alterations in waists and skirts. : Address
. box 1737, Call office. '
GIRL wanted with some ' experience for candy
store; one living in Western Addition pre-
1 f erred. Apply at 1804 ' Devisadero st. :
.WANTED — Young girl to assist In light house-
work, and help with child. The Gladstone,
n 706 Polk st, rooms 4 and 6.
GIRLS wanted— Sewing and making, bags.
GULF BAG CO.,, 709-711 Front st.
GIRL for light housework; 3 adults; $12. Call
377 Oak st. f - -x r.
SKIRT" and waist hands; -also apprentices.
;¦ 1913 Sacramento st. :->•' -\ ' '
WAIST, hands, wanted at 1407. Laguna st. s .
TALENTED amateur performers'. Apply at
Chutes (5 p. m. , Wednesday; salary no object
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353-357 Tehama st: tel., South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c. yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market.bet.Sth&9th;teI.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th Ft.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No cfiarge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market ttt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage, .7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 7S Geary.
COTTAGES— SUBURBAN — TO LKT.^
MENLO (Fair Oaks) new cottage^ 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON, 78
Geary st. ¦ <
DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 '-ears' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7 Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. "J a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, « Turk St.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
EON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, SOc.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work: gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAICEB 8 ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsft-maklng taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ¦_
HEA LO' S SCHOOL OF~ELECTB i8XiTeNgT
NKERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregs stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they ali get positions and hold them?
:!4 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bus.
College. 123(5 Market eU
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quartern
at .13S2 Market St., on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
• engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
cclleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — $50; life scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st, pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, flee, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 6C-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 42U O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg;; $6 mo.
SPANISH.Freneh.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
; of Languages.320Post ;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West.deslres pupils. Mme.
j Carusi, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrel! *t.
GIVEN free: mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Maurket.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting;" Individual in-
etructlon; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Foisom.
¦ ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
! etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mi. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. IOCS Mission; instruments selected.
! DANCING quickly taught: private or class.
j BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prlCF.-t. J.E.UppholT.5«J5 Mission; tel. John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi- y
nese help. 426 PoweIl,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. I
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. S24 Bush Et; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks,- waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 850L
CHINESE and Japanese, help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. ERADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment' Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) — FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl; good waitress and seam-
stress; refer' ces. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call C8 to 76 Ellis St., room 131,
between 1 and 4 p. m.
A WOMAN wants situation i as good cook or
general housework; willing and obliging.
33 Moss st. - ¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position for
general housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress 1414 Lyon Bt, near Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants ' to do light
housework or go . out by the day. Call for
two days, 7 Van Ness ave. .
SWEDISH girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages $25. 223 Jersey, nr. Sanchez.
GERMAN girl wishes place waiting and up-
stairs work. 1502 Polk st, cor. California.
A 'NURSE, reliable young English woman, de-
sires eneaeement; attend conf., nurse sick,
charge of Invalid: charges reasonable; per-
sonal references given. 1712^i Pacific ave.,
near Van Ness.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
surgical or confinement cases; reference
Klven: reasonable: -city or country- Call or
address MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st
YOUNG lady will give light service in return
for room and board; very neat and refined,
but lost her hearing. 1735 Devisadero st,
near Sutter. . ¦ _
WANTED — Dressmaker ¦ and cloak and suit
maker, good cutter, and fitter, wants a few
more engagements by the dav. MISS BARSS,
16 De Boom st, off South Park.
COMPETENT person wishes position as seam-
! stress or housekeeper in small, family: best
of references if required. Box 1734, Call.
YOUNG Swiss woman with 1' a child wishes a
place as working housekeeper; good home
preferred. R. R., box 1729. Call office!
HOUSEKEEPER by elderly American woman;
neat cook and laundress; used to children; no
postals; wages $12. Call 1020 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wlches work by. the
day, .Call 1010^/3uEh st
WANTED — Position as stenographer and type-
writer by young lady of experience;, refer-
ences; own machine. Box 1714, Call • office.
YOUNG married couple; English; man.coach-
. man, etc. ; wife fine cook; city or country
$50 up. Box 1715, Call of flee. '>. 7 .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
' . ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
¦• to $6 week; convenient ¦ and respectable;-. free
; bus and baggage /to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
- -Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st
tTCLP ".- WANTED— -MAI.K— C*-m.
AT C. R. HAN SEN & CO.'S.. 429 BUSH ST.
: .,. . .NEW RAILROAD WORK. .'
.."....'. ;..-FOR NEVADA 1....
2000 teamsters and laborers.. $2 to $2 25 day
100 concrete laborers $2 25 a day
. . : FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnel men. machine .men. drillers and
muckers $2 to $3 a day
500 outside laborers $1 75 a day
FOR CALIFORNIA
....... RAILROAD WORK
10 machine drillers $3 a day
3 foremen for machine drilling
SHIP DAILY
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
20 lumber pliers and yardmen for sawmill
and woods ;.$35 and found
10 laborers near city. $2 a day and free fare;
20 farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
$20 to $35 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...-•
Second cook, restaurant, city, $70; cook,
country restaurant, country. S12 week, see
party here; second cook, institution, coun-
try, $40; engineer who can fire with oil. $40;
porter who can make some electrical re-
pairs. $35; 20 kitchen hands, dishwashers
and others, $20 to $30; baker and pastry
cook, R. R. eating house, $60.
C. R. HANSEX & CO 429 Bush St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12
— Dishwasher, springs. $25: porter. $20.
RELIABLE man with $125 to invest in an old-
eytablishcd business that will pay him $65 a
ttonth; no experience required; light work.
Apply at 765 Market st.. room 3.
WANTED — A steady, trustworthy man (Ger-
man or Swede preferred) to take full charge
of cigar store; clears $50 per month. - Apply
K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
BARBER shop — Will buy a good barber shop,
city or country, for cash. GUS JOERSCHKE.
1161% Mission st.
CIGAR stand — Will buy a good paying cigar
stand for cash; must stand Investigation.
H. JANSEN, 1161% Mission gt. .__
BARBERS — Journeymen Barbers; special
meeting; business of great importance to
come before you. JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec.
2 GOLDEN GATE barber chairs. $7 50. In-
quire at 9 Ritch st., oft Foisom. between
Third and Fourth, in rear, top floor.
BOYS wanted for the American District Mes-
senger service. Apply at once at 607 Mar-
ket st. I
WANTED — A young man to do pantry work
and help porter. Apply Crocker Hotel, 915
Leavenworth st.
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 25-37
Kearny st.
BARBER; must be good man: steady. 2 SMm-
mer st.. off Montgomery, bet Pine and Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
yrlce. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission 8t. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A pastry cook: also waiter. Ap-
ply 1502! Kentucky st
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; none others need
apply. 1437 Mission et.
WANTED — Boy; must have experience In
clothing and furnishing goods. 62-66 Third.
AN experienced card writer and window dress-
er for dry goods. Box 1736. Call.
BARBER wanted. 39% Turk st.
WANTED — Good barber; no other need apply.
63S Broadway. j_
WANTED — Steady waiter at 17 Washington st
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 2S37 Greenwich
St., near Presidio.
TAILOR wanted at 520 Kearny st, first floor,
room 1.-'
BOY for plumbing shop. Call before 8 o'clock
1 at C23 Davis st.
WANTED — A good cake baker. 486 Hayes st,
near Octavia.
PAYING barber shop at your own price; living
' rooms; rent $10. Box 1513, Call office.
PAINTER and paperhanger wanted. 347%
Fourth st; call early.
A BLACKSMITH helper at '637 Francisco st
WANTED — Young man who Is an experiencea
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— First-class . «llk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — -A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., except Sunday, St Nicholas. Hotel,
room 237, 1606 Market st ' /
WANTED — Recruits for the\marlne corps. U.
S. navy; ablebcdled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 fefct 4 Inches and not over C feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information iapply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
I BY a corporation, intelligent man for outside
work; must be of koocI address and capable
of explaining a business proposition thor-
oughly: reference. The Co-ODerative Realty
Ccmpany, rooms 14-16, 240 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A bright young man from 13 to
20 years of age to learn the dry goods busi-
ness. Apply between 8 and 11 a. rn. at
HALE BROS. '
WANTED — Laborers . and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Hbuse, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop and bathrooms in Vallejo, doing
a good .business; cost $1000; to be sold at
once at a bargain. Apply JOS. R. BLEILY,
Cor. -Fin. secretary J. B. I. W.. 927 Market
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Gocd shoe treer and packer, on
men's & boys' heavy work. Berkeley Boot &
Shoe Co., Inc., 809 Delaware st, W. Berkeley.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash;, plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to the right
party; good wages. D. J. B., box 1711. Call.
WANTED — Man with 1200 for candy store; at-
tend cash; no experience required; $70 mo.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market at, upstaira.
WANTED — Two good coopers for making
kegs. Apply JOHN OCHSNER, Sacramerto.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED— Errand boy,l907 Market st Call
Monday morning.
WANTED— Cashboys! Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S, 718 Market st.
WANTED — Man for light work; no experience
necessary; requires $150. 935 Market r. 14.
WANTED — First-cJass domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SAILOBS wanted. For a square deal go to
LANE'S, C04 Davis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Solicitor. -" Call at 1322 Pacific st..
• between 8 and 10 a. m. •
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tui-
tion. • S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen W Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
.big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
SOc up; soling 20c Up. 923 Howard st, nr. 6th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia £t 1 ••¦•<¦¦ s
w IIOI^E^A^XD WAGOXS. "
JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600- well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 24B
Third st. WM. G, LAYNG. proprletorf
A LOT o2i £ oraes for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
. ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer:
RACE horses— The famous Searchllght~and
¦-¦ffSegSg; st h6aP - lBqUlre ORMSBY '
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived
several fine road and business hors*a new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth scs-
slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec 610 Golden Gate Ive.
CAMPING wagons, surreys, delivery and ex-
press wagons, carts dnd harness. 1634 Mis-
sion st. ."•« - .
GOOD drawing and work horse: weight 1100
pounds; price $40. Apply 238 Fulton st
• ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts,' harness,
, etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
i : camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
;__. HALLS .TO LET.
FOR rent— Teutonla Hall, / 1332^Howard st,' bet
. Oth and 10th. for a term of years; barroom,-
-large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
1 ed therewith. : For particulars address F.
HAGEMANN, Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB............. S50 Market st
A — Bakery; doing big business: 3 wagons and
9 horses: must be sold on account of departure:
baking 8 barrels dally; Investigate. Fruit and
grocery store on Fillmore st. Grocery and bar
on Vallejo et. ; rent $35; good corner; price
$1200. Branch bakery at 16th and Valencia
sts.; $250. Drug store and medical practice in
a good country town; Investigate. Fine coun-
try bakery; horses and wagons; fixtures, etc.:
$500. Cigar etand near theaters; $500. Saloon
on Turk st Saloon on Montgomery st. doing
good" business; rent $60; price $2700. Branch
bakery; good corner on Mason st. ; rent $15;
price $200. Saloon and lunch house in whole-
sale district; price $900. ! Hotel of 28 rooms;
dining-room, barroom, etc.; 70 steady board-
ers; place clears $450 monthly;*best opportunity
in years; will be sold on account of sickness;
rent $100; price $4000. '
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market St.
FOR sale— East of Haywards ; a Junction house
consisting of 9 rooms, stock of liquors; also
large cellar, 1 acre of land with large barn,
chicken house and other outbuildings; all in
good condition; windmill, tank and large well
of good water. For particulars apply SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 322 to 332 Sansome
Ft.. S. F.. or at premises, D. H. VAGTS,
Haywards. Alameda County. Cal. \
FOR Sale — A fine barber outfit, including 2
French plate mirrors. 4x2; price $30. 828
' x San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
L ' OPGI ?[ G r I JP. tJSES FOR SALB v
ANY house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST.
* 100 rooms; elegant; modern; lnvestlgate.$20, 000
65 rooms; corner; a bargain 7,000
40 rooms; central; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms: sacrifice; easy terms 1, i00
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $60 650
25 rooms; rent $30; income $65; only.. 225
9 rooms; corner; very good 375
7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason st: clears $70 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
Rms. 7-8. 9OC Market 6t.. cor. Ellis, uptairs.
$550— S ROOMS; downtown; clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF. 906 Market.
REDUCED to $1050— rlS rooms; strictly first
class: clears $100; monthly payments. RETS-
LOFF, 906 Market st.
Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest.
MARION -GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone — Black 1-8-0-3
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our Installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1SOO
36 rms.; mechanics', hotel: man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 65<)0
SOO rooms; corner house; for men 5000
BO rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... S200
35 rms.: Howard; rent only $65; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market St.
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent" $125; going East; sacrifice for
$2000. Morrison & Co., 28 Montgomery, r. 4.
Mortgaged lodging-house at tremendous sacri-
fice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
LODGING house, 19 rooms; transient: clearing
$1?5 per month; price $1500; easy terms MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St., room 4.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$853
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
WINSTON & WOLFE. ~~ ~~
1026 MARKET ST.
9 ROOMS: RENT $40: MUST SELL... $525
15 ROOMS: $500 CASH, BAL. $10 MO.. 950
30 RMS.. SUNNY COR.; CLEARS $100. 2550
20 RMS.; MUST SELL (NEW); SEE IT 1400
120 RMS. (NEW): CLEARS $325; SWELL 5450
100 ROOMS: RENT $2 PER ROOM 6800 j
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY '
S50 Market St. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. /
A. CAMERON & CO.. '
£50 Market Bt and R Stockton ft.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit '
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
: flats, all sires and prices; In all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
$C50 — 10 ROOMS; Mason et. ; nets $50.
$180 — 7 rooms; 3d st. ; $S0 cash.
$650 — 15 roms; Market; good payer.
. S375 — 20 rms. ; Jackson ; good mechanics* house.
$1300 — 21 rooms; Kearny; snap; bay-windows.
And 60 more houses; honest trade.
Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S. 765 Market.
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & Cth sts.
Buyers^ notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
60 ROOMS: pleasant, sunny corner; modern
family hotel; furnishings expensive; liberal
5-year lease; must be sold. Particulars box
1726. Call office.
TRANSIENT house; 11 rooms; rent $45; down-
town, central location; neat, clean and well
furnished; It is a beauty; must sell quick;
bargain at $1000. Box 1725, Call office.
16-ROOM apartment house: rent $40; this house
Is nicely furnished: rooms command good
rents; bargain at $650. Address box 1665,
Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis Bt, room 10
(GlaEcow block).
$300 — FINELY furnished house, 8 rooms and
bath; a bargain. 5^ Polk St., near Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for. $1.
$90 PUTS you in possession of a houBe clear-
lng $20 per month. Inquire at 842 Howard.
SPIRITUALISM. . -
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
.Tues., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader: medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p.m.; Wed., 2 p. m.; reading dally.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thur*.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs; C. J
Meyer; 'sittings dally: test to all to-nlKht: 10;:.
mme. e. Bernard!
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals ihj present hap-
penings and portrays eventR to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life: 25c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4500.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st.
cor.' Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life,
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
Tnedium. is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by. mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
¦ reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles SOc.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; Clairvoyant,
crystal 6eer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l ; a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated. finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors 8-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. 8an Fran.
MME. WALTMAN — Readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 8 P. m. ; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturday. 8 p. m. 205 Turk et; ground' floor.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad%-lce; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
A — Mrs. Melvill. wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken: hours, 9 to 9.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychisf
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; Iad!e3
25c; gents 50; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
MME. ODELL, "clairvoyant; cards & tea leave!
read accurately; L. 25e; G. Me. 521 14 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great. card reader; la. 25c";
gents SOc. 951 Mission, near Cth; open Sun.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader palmis-
..try; truth or no pay. 26^ Kearny. room 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana-
only 10c; from lto 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
BAM FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third Btreets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery rtreet,
corner Clay; open until 8:50 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. '\^
1911 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
cntU 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. to. '
109C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreets; open until 9 p. m.
. 2200 Flllmore Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ¦
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _*V_
ING. Business and M. M. degree. }£X
H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /Xf»
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. •
M. — Stated meeting THIS DAY (Mon- J\^
day) May 5, 11)02. at S o'clock p. m. >&3T
By order of the W. M. . / >
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
PIONEERS — The reg-
liters will be held >ti^t£3Ear%£L
S. 1902, at' 7:30
o'clock p. m. A full attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR. Secy.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville. Yuba Coun- j
ty. to deposit tailings in the dam of the j
Golden Needle mine in Dry Creek, and from I
M. P. Beever, In the Castello mine, at j
Brownsville. Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 91, Flood building. San
Francisco, CaL. on May 19, 1902. at 1:30
p. m. -
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the Btockholdeni or the United Crude Oil
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company, 41S Parrott building. In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction, of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted by manufacturing company
In this city; a proposition to right party:
men or women. Apply at 346 McAllister st.
ATTORKEYS AT I^AW.
R. W. KINO. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation fre«;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a speclalty;qulck:qulet;
so charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market rt. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low tees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Eiclianjt.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st. -
BIRP^ r POgS.^ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
BOBISON'S BIRD STORE— ~~~
S33 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOOKS — NEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought : libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BOOKS, new and old, bought, sold and ex-
changed. W. L. PAXSON. 22 Seventh st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^$125oi HAMMAM, Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage: all latest improve-
ments; nrst-class location. See K. G.
WILKE, 20^4 Kearny st
A — $2500; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; dally receipts j
about $75. or owner will take honest man
for partner. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A — $400; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st;
rent $25: owner must sell at once, as family
affaire call him East. li. G. WILKE. 2«Vi
Kearny st
A— $950; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$42 50; place Is estab. for many years and
doing a good -paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE> 26 Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery anil tool
store doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will Invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2«>ii Kearny st
A — $550; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good-paying business. CtUZ R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Mo\Uomery
Et. ; established for years and known Cu first-
class paying propsition; rent $175; return
rent $99: Investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26 \£ Kearny st
43- ROOM hotel; country town; lot 137x179;
building is large; rooms are light and sunny;
electric light; runnings tfater; good bar and
bar trade; rood latrouage of summer board-
ers; propMty 1b desirable and offered at a
sacrifice; building and furnishings' reduced to
$10,000; will accept a good saloon in S. F ,
value from $1000 to $1500, In part payment
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 191L
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be cold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit;
full investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S 765
Market et.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale: also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list.
HEALY & CARR, 027 Market St.. room 208.
THE inventor of a new and rapid process of
separating gold from dry places, without the
ut* of water, desires to interest some one
with capital In order to place the same on
the market; Its value can be seen at once
by any practical man. TOMLINSON & CO.
105 Ellis Bt. room 10.
DRUG store; cause of sale, partners disagree;
established 20 years; prescriptions over 77 -
000; mark Invoice $3500; sacrifice for $1800
MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery, room 4.
$5000 STOCK ladies' furnishing goods; will
sell or trade for ranch or house and lot city
or Oakland. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Mont'gy.
$750— PARTNER wanted to look after plain ac-
connts and do collecting In a fine carpenter
and contracting business; established for 12
rears; clearing $300 per month; no previous
experience required; this is genuine. KEN-
NY. 75 Third st .
$400 — LADY wants gentleman partner In light
manufacturing' wholesale and retail business,
his duty to attend store and make himself
generally useful; good chance to suitable
party; no experience necessary; particulars
see P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny st
A— $150: PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
eu-tdy young man satisfied with $15 to $20
a week; no previous experience required;
thort hours. 25 Geary st. room 1.
A— 30 CIGAR etands; prices. $75 to $2000; rents
$5 to $125 monthly; profits. $2 to $7 daily
HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market
PAYING American fruit store; .very cheap;
trial given. Call at 146 Fifth «t
SALOON for sale. m 112 Berry Bt
WANTED — Cigar stand In good location; only
owners reply. Address box 1512. Call office.
FOR sale^ — An evening paper route centrally
located. Box 332. Call office. "
LIVERY stable ; Western Addition; 30 horses
and well-equipped stock of buggies wagons
harness, etc.: number of boarders; the busi-
ness is profitable and a good investment at
$3500; owner leaving city; must selL Ad-
dress box 1064. Call office. -
ARLINGTON Hotel dining-room to rent: now
running to fair trade; rent taken In board.
Ninth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
$250 — ONE-HALF of the best day trade saloon
In mercantile district for eober and lndus-
trious man. Particulars 257 Fourth et
$700— VARIETY store; fixtures for sale and to
let; rent $25. Apply 353 Fifth st.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Inquire at First
and Mlima tts.. GEORGE NISSEN.
RESTAURANT for sale; living rooms complete-
na trlflers. 136 Second st
GOOD Inside route on morning paper for sale
204 Leavenworth Bt
FOR SALE: — A good paying fruit store. Cor-
ner Buchanan and O'FarrelL 1459 Buchanan.
WELL established tobacco and cigar store; liv-
ing rooms; rent $13; must eelL 140 First st.Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May. 4^-3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported . from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ............ B8|San Diego ......... 62
Fresno; ,;.¦....'.'.. ... 78ISacramento ....... 72
Los Angeles ....... 70 1 Independence ¦..'.... 7Q
Red Bluff 7B Yuma ............. 00
San Luis Oblspo . . . 70' ; :..'".
:; " San Francisco data : Maximum temperature
5S, minimum 50, mean 04. ¦ . ¦
THE COAST RECORD.
¦. ' ¦- • -';¦« ;r K ¦¦" -R --or: ' "2 • •*
3 .33 S3 |S So- • «
STATION! 5 "Sg -,'S| •§ •-».- ¦¦': jf
?¦¦£ a"-.io. : 5. .. c
¦ : . ¦.'•"': 'S ;.c'.« "!*.,.'.' • .v .¦_'•*.¦ §
, »¦'¦ . . - i • ¦ t . j. *> ¦ • . ¦ • ,r » • -
¦' -¦ ¦ "¦ ¦ ¦•!¦ -.• ' • •'*¦•• v ."I ; -'«•• ••
Astoria... 20.04.60 42 E Clea?- - .04
Baker...; jr.. .80.04 62 ".32 ,.,N^T Clearly -'.Oft
Carson.-. . . . . .'.29;92- 00 .80 -NE j Clear -,• .02
Eureka. : . .. ...29.90 58 60 <W- • Cloudy : .tX>
Fresno... ..V..29. 94 78< 48. W ;Gloudy* .00
Flagstaff.... ..29. 74 66 : 28-. W. Ft Cldy .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.00 64 28 . W-, Ft Cldy .00
Independence..20:84 70 '46 N Ft Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. .29. 96 v7O--46.'W : PtCldy .CO
Phoenix.. ....'.29.74" 88 CS V?~: Cloudy; .00
Portland... .:. 29. 94 70.42 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.92, 76 - 44 BE Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg......29.90 74 38 NW Pt Cldy .Co
Sacramento. . .29.94 72 4« SE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake...;. SO. 06 "52 40 NW' Clear T.
San Frandsco.30.00 68 60 8W Cloudy .CO
3, L. Obtspo. ..30.00 70,44 W Cloudy .00
San Diego. :... 29. 90.62 : 54 , W Cloudy .00
Seattle........ 30.02 66 41 N -Clear .00
Spokane.;... -30. 12- 64. 44 NW Pt Cldy .00
NeahBay......30.04 -66 44 «N Clear T.
Walla Walla. :30.02 68 -40 N Clear .00
¦Winnemucca;.29.08 62 30 NW Clear .00
.Yuma.:...... . 29.74 :90 66 " W Clear .00
San Francisco temperature .7 a. m.,-50 degrees.'
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.. .;.
: .The pressure ! has < fallen steadily ' during the
past twelve hours along the coast from- Eureka
northward. A moderate disturbance appears to
be approaching the . coast south of the - Colum
bia River. - ' • ¦_. "' '.
¦No' rain has ; yet fallen -.west of the. Rocky
Mountains except light showers- at Port Cres
cent and at Salt Lake City.-. . ' .... ¦, •
. ' . The : temperature has risen . slowly : over • the
greater part of : the : Pacific Slope."-. Over:Ore
gon, there has been a rise of more than 10 de
grees. ;¦* ' • '-¦-¦ ¦' . . ....
- Forecast made • at San Francisco for thirty
¦hours ending midnight; May. 5:;
•; Northern '- .-;¦ California — Cloudy,; unsettled
weather : " Monday, ¦ •¦ probably . * showers; fresh
southeast .wind. i. :. . . •¦¦ ¦¦•;.-> .
Southern Calif ornla— Cloudy unsettled weath
er s Monday. . possibly * light .showers by night •
light southwest ; wind. r. •..- «.,'..;
;; Nevada— Cloudy Monday; light northerly
\wind.V3^KPSBM£*VSaf)4*aMjpn^£aBR*; -
> San Francisco and. vldnlty^-Cloudy unsettled
weather Monday,*, and probably showers; fresh
southerly winds. ¦ ' A. G. McADIE...
Professor : In Charge.;.*
THE SA^T FR^NCISeG G^LL,, MONMY; 5, 1902.
9
B1EDICAI.. - v i
A — DR. O'DOXX->LI_. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, ell who are sick or in trouble,
consult the epuci&llst on female complaint.:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rxted; the unfortunate helped: relief in all
<-t?...-s taken; the most difficult casts treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
case.; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 6th.
J1RS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladies*
ei<eci_li£t; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to & Re-
moved to 100S% Market &V, opposite 6th st.
SittS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist 30 years' experience, removed- to 1008 «4
Market et.. opp. 5th: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero St., near 18th—
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 23
years' experience in midwifery cases; takes
W.es before and during confinement; best
rcotherly care; Infant* adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult .me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phons Blue 411.
"A MERRY life is like rood medicine" — If
there be pain in the kidneys or loins, muscu-
lar rheumatism, send 75c in stamps to Kln-
ney Medicine Co.. Los Angeles, for a bottle
of "K. R. K. R.," a pure distillation of the
huis and berries of our forest trees; a -writ-
ten guarantee.' If required; do not hesitate.
'-PLASTERS, belts abd liniments at best only
relieve." Do not hesitate to mail 75c in
Ftamps to Kinney's Medicine Co., Lo« An-
geles, for a bottle of "K. R. K. R.".— a pure
distillation from the pine, fir, etc.:\not the
balsam, but the essence. Rheumatism, ecl-
Etica. lumbago, troubles of urinary organs.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market »t.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable ttpeclal-
, Jet; maternity hospital: home for l&faats free;
fee low. 608 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
- MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epeciallst: a private home before and during
confinement ; best medical care; low feea.
LADIES — Kun irond i« safe fc sure: never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug: _tore.Clajr _fe Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market et.. nr. Sixth,
treats ladies only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union 6«ruare; all diseases cured by herbs.
MCS * C AX. IX STRCME.VT..
AS ~re are now decorating our new warerooms
and hall and must have the room, every piano
1e cut to the lowest possible figure. Over 200
on our floors, of which the following are a
few. Rents, $2; Installments. J3. or your
own terms:
1 Bourne $47
1 'Weber 85
1 Knabe 95
1 Marshall 135
1 Haynes 165
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Steinwaj-s 265 to 385
3 Heine 235 to 385
2 Chickering 185 and 280
10 Kaliet & Davis 165
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hail. 235-237
Geary St. ¦ . ¦
ALTHOUGH many Beemlngly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
tnd terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
aseort— lent of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers.
cor. Keomy and Butter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20e a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO
O'FarreU ct-: a established 1850.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from (55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
- pianos from $175 up. SENJ. CURTAZ A
BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerins. Mason
and Hasilln, Vote. Sterling pianos. ..,.-..
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
LUDTV'IG pianoc — Most popular of all. For eaj*
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. «31 Market
ct.. San Francisco. Agents Chase _k Baker
piano players. ;
A— ?700 STEINWAY upright piano, half price
for c&sh. Call morning. 27 De Long ave.
EUY a Wisener or a Baumeieter If you want a
reliable article. MAUVAUS'. 768 Market st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving.
$550; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis tt.
ENAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogne,$250. Brnena.208Po-t.
Si 70; crest sacrifice ;almost new upright-Schmlt-
& Co.. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlberta Bank.
ALMOST new large t'.ze Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st. 1
BTBON MAUZT. 3OS-310-312 Poet St.; Sohmer
. and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. __ET
MJCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OIL LA3TDS.
FOR Sale — Cheap; 10 acres, patented lax.d, sec-
tion 29-28-28; heart of Bakers field district;
one well on property; oil guaranteed under
every foot. L, W. MYERS, Laughlin build-
lng. Los Angeles.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. KEERGAAKD reads 1 to 4. 700
Port -t.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. Cl«
Taylor ft., fcet. Geary and Post.tel. Black 561.
rAiyTERS _ AS D DECORATOR8.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAIN'E. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PERSONALS.
A— CERTUS • i'^". ••'¦
Actually grows hair on bald heads; cleanses
snd beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth: never falls to restore gray hair; cure*
dandruff, scalp diseases and hair falling:
price (1 (to agents 50c): everybody should
write for trial paefceg*. Bohemian Hair and
Skin Specialists. 121 Post St.. third floor. S.
F.; treatment and consultation free.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$16; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge ; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
iCLECTRIC light In .every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ONLY artistic hair dressing. 25c. any style;
shampooing. 50c; manicuring, 25c; largest and
be#t stock Cf switches on the - coast. <_-.'
LEDERER. 123 Stockton et. . .1 -'.--¦ -4
MAT Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postil-
1 liens and peplums. Call to nee at Domestic
office, 1C21 Market et.. near Sixth.
V1AVI — Home treatment for mothers and
<iau*hter_; booklet Iree. The VIA VI. COM-
PANY, 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East
2S2. I ,.;
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tzmt as white ehlrts; selection 300 patterns.
IF any person troubled with asthma will call
et 133 Turk st. they will find a remedy that
will cis*. Full particulars and trial free.
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMENTS— FANNY
BRIGGS ' CARR system and preparations.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; sbampoo-
Injr 50c: hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in SO mm. Miss A. V.Doyle. 1702 Mkt. op. }Oth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. . . ,
MONEY loaned at low interest: gold, sliver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones : bought
et W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— ir your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moor';.332 O'FarreM;«end for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
e'.cctrlc Tigedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter «_.
ELECTRIC r.eedle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eatcn.427 Sutter.
Mn. Sriggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity, ma Buchanan; jtel. West 258.
TAILOR-MADE Fuits. $7 50; drew pants. $2 CO
aligflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes et H. Anderson's, theat.
rl:ai coetumer. 26 O'FarreU; country order..
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot atr.
treatment for rheumatism. etc 233 Geary.r._7.
EI.-PERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
«Sectric nfe_;e.Dr.&Mrs.Traver»e.ll70 Market.
AT.FREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray.
hair to it. natural color; $1; at all druggUU.
CNE . Mr KUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
-PEtactly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
MA S Q F ERADE coetu-ies. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLr>STEIN & CO.. 733 Mlct.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
t*?t corn ru-e. 25c: all druggists. .
PHYhlClAAS A_ND SURGEONS.
EL'PTUHE tnd pile* cured; no^pajTuntll cured-
r.o operation, no detention from business; all
rr.vate diseases treated successfully; con.ul-
tat.on free. Drr. Forden & Porterfleld, 9 Turk.
JSrTh. McGREGOn~WILLSO>Mb_8 removed
Bis orfice from 1122 Market to 120C Market
. | **•« cor. Golden Gate ave.
°'IX>2W£I-___ Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. ejxth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION I
AT AUCTION— AT AUCTION! , . .
Extraordinary Auction Sale Without Limit j or
. Reserve.
SATURDAY... .MAY 10th. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AT LIBRARY HALL,
SAN MATEO.
Opposite. the Depot.'
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME" LOTS.
:,1_ IN SAN MATEO PARK.
The most beautiful suburban • park on th«
peninsula.
Each lot consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees.
? Terms — 1-3 cash, balance can be paid in one
or two years. . .
, ,' <San Mateo Park." formerly the celebrated
Clark Tract," and owned by the same parties
«nce _1858. has recently been subdivided Into
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
eacn.'. Wide and winding avenues have ¦ been
laid out and thousands of" costly shade trees
border the property. -
San Mateo is the ¦ Ideal suburban residence
property adjoining San Francisco, being only
14 miles distant from the city's southern limit,
with many trains to and fro each day. -Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line. ' Suburban electric
trains will shortly be In operation between
San Francisco and San Mateo, running half-
hourly. ¦ :. ¦ , ... ™; v v . .-
¦ San Mateo Park only 10 minutes* walk from
the railroad station is situated on the sunny
slopes, of gently rolling ground commanding
an, enchanting view, surrounded by beautiful
homes, grounds, drives, etc.- and this sale af-
fords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
ers of suburban homes that will be offered for
many years.
San Mateo is a place 'of Ideal homes, com-
manding, as it does, alt the conveniences of the
city with the comfort and pleasures of the
country.
San Mateo has many attractions unequaled
by any other suburban locality. The educa-
tional facilities are abundant. Public schools,
kindergartens and private high class academies
for boys and girls.
There are a number of churches of different
denominations.'
I The beautiful cottages and mansions, vast
estates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubbery
ana flowers, everywhere to be seen, the many
delightful drives and the beach for bathing are
but a few of its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lot
for your cottage, your bungalow or. your villa.
Excursion rate 60 cents for the round trip;
including lunch. ; .
Special trains leave Third and Townsend sts'-J
on Saturday, May 10, at 9^10:30 and 11:36,
f-JP- retu rnlng from San Mateo at 3:27, 4:31.
5:23 and 6:40 p. m. * ,- .
¦ Catalogues, maps and full information at th©
office of ¦ ¦ .. , .
. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
— , Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. •
RHODE 'ISLAND st.— Lot 25x100; 8-.room
modern house; good stable; price $2500; terms
$500 cash, balance "mohthly payments of $20.
De Haro St.; lot 25x100; good 5-room cottage;
stable; windmill and tank; price $2000; terms
$300 cash, balance I $15 a month.
¦ Choice building lots on, easy payments.
Choice rental and Investment property at bar-
gain prices. City real estate a specialty.
Attention given to renting and collecting
rents. G. - W. SCHWEINHARD,
817 Market (St., bet. 6th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. _^
CITY OF RICHMOND— Invest your savings in
the new manufacturing town; lots from $180
— $25 cash. $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad,
Standard Oil Company, Southern Pacific Com-
pany — all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for investment; send for free
maps and all information. Richmond Land
Company (Inc.), 182 Crocker building, San
Francisco, Cal.
"OCEAN VIEW" ls booming; finest car ser-
vice every 10 minutes.
You never will secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
$650 — SAN JOSE; cottage, 6 . rooms; barn;
must be sold for half its value. J. RUBEL,
1209 Eagle ave.. Alameda. ;
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
A MAGNIFICENT ranch and greatest bargain
on the market; 1280 acres, every inch of
"-' which is the -very choicest of deep "and richv
highly cultivated loam, all in crop; not an'
inch of waste; 10 acres bearing orchard;
abundance spring and well water; complet*
set of Al buildings; nearly adjoins town and
depot; center of Napa Valley; price only $10.-
600; ea.«ily worth double the money.
, GEM OF THE FOOTHILLS.
20 acres, 15 of which Is very richest of val- '
ley loam; balance pasture; 800 very thrifty
bearing fruit trees; balance in corn and veg-
etables; this veritable paradise is offered with
crop, stock, poultry and tools for $2600; half
cash will do; Napa district.
OFFER WANTED.
1100 acre first-class general farm or stock
ranch (easily carry 125 head of cattle); excel-
lently watered; fenced; 100 acres cultivated:
orchard, vineyard, buildings, etc.; fully 16,000
cords black oak. timber, all accessable, worth
$5 50 cord in Napa (12 miles) ; every inch
down-grade haul; offered for less than half
the profit that can be made by marketing the
\wood.
SUBDIVISION SALE.
Among the great many bargains in all class
and location of ranch property on my enor-
mous list. I wish to call to your especial at-
. tention the following unprecedented offer of
5, 10, 20, any part of 100 acres; located al-
most adjoining the depot, steamer landing
and city limits of Napa; }i mile from that
immense cannery and all the factories; all
highly cultivated,' level loam; perfect garden
soil; ideal location for suburban home; no
better fruit, vineyard or vegetable land In the
State; would produce $250 crop of tomatoes
per acre every year; now planted to corn;
unequaled for poultry: a splendid general
farm; price only $C0, $75 and $125 per acre;
easily double the money.
N. D. SICKELS. publisher of the Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, 6 Geary St., S. F.
TO let or for sale — 5^4 . acres of nice land at
Kent station; lovely cottage of 6 rooms and
salt water baths; 130 fruit trees; 10 minutes'
walk from railroad; rent $50 month; selling
price $5600. For further particulars call on
HEALY & GILLEBPIE. '630 Market St.. op-
posite Palace Hotel.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about . 15 ¦ acres,'
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
" pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst. '
— — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
, Small tracts. $80 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for. poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information. ¦
FARMS, ranches, el tv and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and small tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
¦ quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALY. & CARR, 027 Market, r. 208.
FOR Sale — 152 acres of farm and orchard land,
. 4% miles to railroad, with or wlt'.iout crop,
' Implements or stock; no agents. 330% Sixth.
Santa Clara ' Valley, San Jose and Penlnuular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F., & San J.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE/,
ROSS VALLEY— 10- room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1 ; rent $60 per
month. J. TUNBTEAD. San Anselmo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ ALAMEDA jB-EAL ESTATE.
15 FURNISHED houses. $30 tV7l75r~foiT3~*to
• 6 ¦¦ months. '• ,*'3ff>»j^-«Wlp»8M'<_M|
Lots on Pearl st.; 50x200. $800.
Lots on San Jose ave., 50x140, $1000.
Lots on Park St.. > 50x130, $1000.
Lots on Railroad: ave..- 50x150. $900.
Lots on Chestnut St., 50x108, $600.
-'.'¦¦'•¦'•.-. . E..D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
$1300— CORNER lot 70x140;' good ¦ location
$2450— New cottage. 6 rooms ; lot ' 36x120 ;
: terms $250 cash, balance $30 per month. ¦ J
H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st. y,
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO rent— Furnished cottage for summer
months.- 1101 . Park ave.' :¦'•-,. ¦ . ¦--:•-.
BERKELEYADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY \ REAL ESTATE. ~*
$3500tt-NEW; 9-room : house, all modern, lm-
provementsp large corner lot; near the sta-"
tion and electric R. R. «JOS. J MASON
Real Estale. . Berkeley. Station. '
COTTAGE— Sj-ooms. modem convenience, bath
»tc: fany payments. ¦ MURDOCH. 514 Pine. '
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALC REAL. : ESTATE. "
FOR - sale— 5 acres. Rose . ave.' and ¦ High * st '
Frultvale. A. ; R. HARRISON, 73 Geary _U,
OAKllNlliDVERTlSEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
; OAKLAND REAIi ESTATE.
S3000--14XIO FILBERT st. ; modern cottage,' 8
rooms; 40x125; ..monthly payments.
$1100 — Cottage, 5 rooms - arid . bath ; 30x123 ;
close to Broadway;, walking distance ' - r of
town. :•-¦' ¦ ... :-"...:? -
' $2250— 6 rooms, first-class; sunny side 33d
St., near Grove; open-lawn and stone walks..
. GEO. W. AUSTIN,
- ¦ ' " -. - 400 Tenth st.~
OAKLAND FUUIVITURE .FOR ¦ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. ::H.
SCHELLHAA3, 408, Eleventh st, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^^lTano^solar flats. 525-531 Turk---Hot"a^d
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nished or unfUr.; tel. East 312, Sutter 41. ,'
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20. .'
BUSH, 1001, cor. /Jones— Van Nuys; modern
furn. and unfurn. suites ; new house; hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; flrst-claas.
EDDY, • 724 (middle flat)— Fine ¦ front ¦ room,
newly and. well furnished; Bunall day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other,
•well-furnished rooms, all complete for. house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 Or 4 adults! reasonable. \
EUREKA, 506, nr. 22d — 2 sunny unfurn. house-
keeping rooms, in flat nr. Mission car; $6.
FIFTH 363 — Furnished- housekeeping; 3, $12;
3 for $20; 2 beds; . hot baths; ¦ also single
¦ .•beds, $5 up. ¦¦¦ . '¦¦-.¦¦¦-'
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— 2 'sunny front
rooms; bay window; gas range; bath. ; ¦
HOWARD, 959— Nice front room for two, $8;
private family.' '.' .'¦'¦-•. ¦¦ , -, f . _¦
HYDE, 408 — Sunny back parlor with kitchen,
suitable for 8; large room, gas stove, hskpg.
JESSIE 333— Large sunny front bay-window
room, furnished for housekeeping; $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 411 — Nicely furnished sun-
¦ ny housekeeping rooms for rent.
McALLISTER. 907— Three sunny furnished bay
window i rooms ; ' bath ; gas . and coal j stoves ;
. x $20; German. ' " . '
McALLISTER, 1050 — Furnished sunny room,
with or without kitchen; hot water; range;
bath; $6, $13. $15.. *
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
• Ing; single and double; rooms 75c, $1 week.
"N ATOMA, 82, : cor, Second— Sunny housekeep-
. ing rooms. ¦ • ¦•:• <*.;. ¦'." . . ¦
NINTH, 113 — 2 eunny housekeeping rooms;
. - bath; rent reasonable.; - .
OC—*t VIA, ' 1303, corner Geary — Large sunny
. furnished room, with kitchen, pantry, closet,
• gas stove. . r - '.'';¦¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦¦- '
.SIXTH, 102% — Newly furnished rooms; also
housekeeping rooms. ¦... .
TURK, 643 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; gas
and bath; $14 50; also front parlor.
TURK. 545 — 2 front furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas;- bath; phone. ' .
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3355. cor! Capp— House.-
keeplng, everything furnished;' single room's.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch, of flee, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at 1086
Valencia st. ' . ¦ ¦ ¦ '. :
HOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and D-fara.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California, attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission—Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; Mo to
$1 BO night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary-
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod., conven'ces. ¦
A — VENDOME, 1104 Market — Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis.- cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH, 228^— B?v r window. front room; pri-
'¦'¦ vate _{a.mliy7~rC?yrr~~- -^**— . ,-v /_ •:¦¦¦ - :,; .. - -\
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)'— Nicely furn. rooms, 85c,
$1 60 night; $1-50, $6 week; open all night. -
ELLIS, 325— Single and double rooms neatly
furnished; also housekeeping rooms.'
ELLIS. 606 — 2 large ..sunny rooms- 1 parlor
suite, $10 upward. .
ELLIS, 1229 — Elegant sulto of 3 or 4 rooms;
new flat; very desirable for physician.
ELLIS, 1229— Sunny room in elegant new flat
for gentleman. - ¦ ¦ ¦ '
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
el per week. •
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HARRISON. 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms;. bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up. . " • . ' '
HOWARD, 1258, near Ninth— Sunny rooms in
newly furnished flat; adults. . .
MINNA-. 687.. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
¦wiiidow room; $l.periweek; transient.
MISSION. 959 — Sunny 'bay window suite new-
ly furnished; other - rooms.
MONTGOMERY. 121— Handsomely furnished
suites; 'also -single rooms, , $1 50 . week up.
OCTAVIA.- 1403, - cor. Geary — Sunny furnished
room; double bed; closet; running water; $8.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny, furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL,' 279— Front! room,' first floor $3
per week; other rooms, $1 50, $2; 25c and 50c.
O'FARRELL, 914 — Elegantly furnished sunny
alcove room; -running water; private family.
POST, 426 — Sunny front room, $5 week; suita-
ble' for -2 gentlemen.-,';- 1 . ; > .;• . --.»¦ -
ROYAL House, . 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night.. 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; "month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold, water; baths.
SEVENTH, 171, corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
: nlshed rooms, double or single, by day week
or month. :
SHERMAN .Apartment 1 House. 28 Eighth st
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished!
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms,' tingle, suite; also housekpg rooms. -
SUTTER, 303 *£— Changed hands; newly fur-
nished rooms; single and en suite; also hkpg.'
SUTTER, 2636%, corner Lyon — Two sunny fur-
¦ nlshed rooms; use of kitchen and bath.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subecrlptions
. /received at Call branch office. 2200 , Flllmore.
A : BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia 'st. -¦" - - • -. •¦•'¦••- •
ROOMS.ASD HOARD.
SUNNY room, with board . if dl?MreX'~in~prT-
vate home, for gentleman.- 'lio Guerrero st
•¦* noar Market: phone Blue 606.- ;• . -
2 BUSINESS ladles can have sunny rooms, good
board, at Ladies' Co-operative Home. 36 Glen
¦ ¦ Park ave.. 1 12th . st. ;'$17 and $18; ; reference.'
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) Select
I family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAIGHT, 326 — Elegantly furnished large rooms
suitable for couples,'-, with board; reasonable.'
IRVINGDALE, C26 - Eddy — Sunny rooms en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class hous«-
furnished suites or, single; steam. heat. • .
VAN .NESS, , 519— Handsome '.furnished " sunny
suite- ; .single rooms ; j first-class table board.
A WEEK'S' news for. 5 cents — The Weekly Call
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!'
. ROOMS WANTED. : ;
WANTED-^-2 rooms '¦ suitable for bedroom and
kitchen within 0 blocks of - Gough and Hayes
sta. Address box ¦ 1730.^ Call. ¦ ¦ ¦ : . ;
•/.;;¦ ..." - -^V TO LEASE. .'- ~
TO SALT MAKERS. ; -\
!•'•¦•: To •; rent— About ; 150 acres of- salt marsh,
- • suitable for the , manufacture of - salt, near
'. - Alvarado,' Alameda County,' In '-. the center of
- a salt-making district and on navigable waters.
¦ For . particulars .'apply .to the 'Alameda'- Sugar
\ Coo ¦ 132 Market st..' San Francisco. .
TO' lease — Kenilworth * Inn ; : romantically situ-
: ated- in , Mill -Valley;: 50 minutes' Tide -from'
- San Francisco; : comnletely. furnished; in good
\ condition ;, i 40 j rooms; /steam.; and; hot', water
• ; baths ; ¦; electric Mights; f heaters '¦¦¦ throughout •
..*• elevators," etc: rent* low. -'Apply,; MADISON.
: ,-&¦-. BURKE."' 30: Montgomery 'St.', : or ROB-
ERTS, Real Estate Agent,- Mill ¦ Valley, ¦¦ Cal.*
L^OFFICES /ASP STORES. TO ; LET..
300 ; FEET i from "corner Mai ket and • Third ;
large, , well-lighted _ .store, i suitable for any
;¦- kind • of business ¦ or ' light ' ¦ manufacturing.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.; 513 Cal-
ifornia St. 1 . - v ' :
LOFT. for, rent,. 40x65 feet. 5 for light manufac-
; turlng purposes;: with water $16 month. ,WM.
. LOANE, Plumber,. 439 Fifth st.\ -.¦,-
STORE with large basement, below'Kearny;
..; alterations ; to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
ELLIS, -1229— Elegant suite of 3 or 4 rooms;
\ new flat;. very desirable for physician.;-. ;.
STORE, suitable for fruit or butcher shop. $15.
- Corner Howard and. Nineteenth sts. : •
_ v SPECIAL KOTICES. .'- j
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve; $1 per.
boxrwarrantedto cure all cases of bleeding,
itching., external,' internal or protruding
piles ' without • fail, . no ; master of how long
¦ standing/ 162S Devisadero st.. near- Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for *4: collections made:
• city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41S Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES..
AL_7 kinds bought, sold, rented. ¦ exchanged ; r«-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing:
lowest nate<: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell ets.; tel. Prlv., Ex. 571. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made, 840
Mission' st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W.Zehfusa.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 630 Market St.;
tel. Main- 1840; shipping -at -cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.r-fhone Jac'kBOn 281.^ .
.TYPEWRITERS AND .SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS TiN^TYPEWRlTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
¦ house in. the city; rentals $3. The^Typewrlter
Exchange. 536 California.; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER /Typewriter" Inspection ' Co.— Expert
. • typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
—— ¦— T— — — — ——————— ¦ — — — «— ¦— — i I I ————-.
¦TYPjEW KITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
• eographhig. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1539.'
, DIVIDEND .KOTICES.'-
DIVIDEND » notice— The Giant Powder Com -
•pany. Con.— A dividend. No.- 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the. issued capl-
. tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, ' rooms
202-4-8 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
' May . 10. 1902. Transfer- books close May 3,
1002. at noon. ¦ J. • R. LE AVELL. Secretary. .
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ¦ offices j and be
indorsed with - the ¦ name and "residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
¦>¦'.' .yy :'bos2t. :¦[¦ ;
WEBER— In " this city. May 2, 1902. to the
¦ wife of Joseph Weber, a son.
-VIABBIED.
DE LA. GUERRA — WEBB — In this, city, May
8, 1902, by the Rev. Father Ramm, at St.
. Mary's Cathedral, Carlos de la Guerra of
Santa Barbara and Francisca M. Webb of
New York City." .' -. ¦
;.- . V:- DIED. 7 ~
Denechaud. Mary A. Magulre, Mrsl Anne
,, Denker, Sebern B. Miramontes. Teasea
Daley, William L. O'Brien. John
¦ Evans, John R. ¦ Rich; Alice J.
Goldman, Isaac A. Ryan, Hannah
Green. Mary *¦'; Stearns, Charles A.
Garcia, Delia Steuart, Irvine
Hagen, Adelhalde Silvelra, Mary L.
Hartmann, Frederick ""Smith. Charles C.
Hooaon, Casper i Sanchez, Francisco
, Harrisson, \v m. M. Thornton. Rose A.
Kuckens, Emilie Wagner, Frederick*
I .Kenny. Mrs. A. Willi, , Frederick J.
DENECHAUD— In this city, May 2, 1902,
; Mary A. Denechaud, beloved wife of the late
John ¦ Denechaud, and beloved mother of
.Eleanor, Dolores and Frances Denechaud, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and
8 days. -
t_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 549 Valencia street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, corner Sixteenth, and .Dolores streets,
. where a- mass will be said for the repose of
her ; soul, commencing at, 9 o'clock. - Inter-
. ment .Holy. Cross, Cemetery, by carriage.— ::..
DENKER — In this city, May 3, 1902, Sebern
B. Denker, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
tha E. Denker. and , father of Seberri • and
Walter Denker, Mrs. Lillian McCauley and
Mrs. Rose Keppel, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 4 months and 26 days. ¦
i Z^T Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late rcsl-
• dence, 464 Hayes street, between Gough and
Octavia, thence by electric funeral car leav-
ing corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
| at 2 o'clock sharp to Mount Olivet Cemetery
- .for. interment.. \
; DALEY— In this city, May 3, 1902, William '
L., beloved son of Johannah and the late
James Daley, and brother of James T. Daley
and Mrs. Mary Jluldowney. a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years 11 months and 23
.days. .- .
(?""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0, o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church,' where mass will bo celebrated for
the repesa of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment National . Cemetery, Pre-
sidio. - ¦ :
CAMP Reinhold Richter No! 127. Spanish-
American War Veterans, are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
comrade. William L. Daley,. Tuesday, May
C, at 9:30 a. m., ¦ from undertaking parlors
of Gallagher &. Co., 20 Fifth street. By or-
der of T. P. -O'BRIEN, Commander.
i , THOMAS W. COSTELLO, Adjutant. -
EVANS— In this city, May 3, 1902, John R.
Evans, beloved father . Of Mrs. Eliza D.
Mack, a native of London, England, aged 70
years.' . ' ¦"-:.- - ¦>'¦<.; :¦¦*¦ '--.-" : '
lC~The remains will be forwarded' to-day
(Monday), to Redwood City, San Mateo Couu-
ty, by 11:30 train for interment. Remains at
the parlots of the Henry J. Gallagher Com-
'. pany, _0 _• if th street. .
GOLDMAN— In this city, : May 3, 1902, Isaac
A. . Goldman, beloved father of - Mrs. A.
Kline, Mrs. E. Stelnman, -Mrs. L. Levy.
Mrs. B. Fleischer and Albert, Mark L., Louis
. J., SamL. and Ben F. Goldman, a native of
Bavaria, aged 80 years. , - <
" - (£~Friend8 - and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited .to attend the funeral Monday,
May 5, at 10 o'clock, from his .late residence,
1404 O'Farrell street. 'Cremation • private.
GREEN— In this city. May 3, 1902, at her resi-
dence, lift) Treat avenue, Mary, relict of
William Green, and beloved mother of -Mrs.'
i.C. Lund. Mrs.-C. H. Wise and William and
t Louis Green, a native - of ' Bandon, -County
Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years 1 month -and 14
days. . . ¦• • ¦..'.--. ¦¦' ¦'•- . -• ¦
. ' (CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
t fully Invited to attend funeral Tuesday, May
(i, on "arrival of 10 o'clock train at Sonoma,
, thence .¦ to . St. Francis ¦ Church for services.
-. Interment Sonoma. - - ". ' . ¦ ¦ .- '
GARCIA— In thl3 city. May 3,' 1902> Delia'
¦,. Garcia," dearly beloved mother of . Julia Go-
¦ .mez, loving daughter of,- Joseph and Louisa
Garcia,: and loving sister of Carrie,- Annie,-
Manuel -and Antone Garcia, ' Mrs. .- M. King,
Mrs. J. Ashf ord. Mrs. L. Andrade. Mrs. R.
Nunan- and Mrs. M. Chichizola, a native of
California, aged 29 years. ;-.-.r . . ,
•" ; i - C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-':
.fully . invited to attend,, the funeral '. services
to-morrow r (Tueaday), : at 2 o'clock," at '-the
. " residence I of her I parents, 1 1505- Third: street,'
: between Hendry and '¦ . Chester', 1 *- Oakland.' In-
terment ; Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HAGEN— In this city, May 4, 1902, Adelhalde.
beloved ~ wife of the ilate Robert : Hagen, a,
; native ¦ of Germany, aged 71 years 9 months
;. and 24 days.-'- • : :;¦ . ¦ -. ¦¦ -i ¦
t'E-T Notice of funeral ' hereafter.
HARTMANN— In this city. May 3, 1902, Fred-
"¦¦ ¦ erlck'.E.,. beloved. husband of , Eliza- M.- Hart-
mann, .'father. v of ; Frederick Gaston, ' Henry
. Hugo,. Edgar M. Hartmann, * and father-in-'
.law of Mrs. Hettle ' Hartmann.-. a -native, of
Emendinger, 1 Baden, German, ; aged 85 ¦¦ years\
,3 months - and : 6 • days. ¦ '¦_¦.- '. - . '
-¦*¦" /__?" Friends' and' acquaintances :are respect-
;'. fully «lnvited ; . to 'attend the funeral .services
.\ Tuesday. May "6, -at 1,. o'clock. Vat . his ¦ iate
: . residence,' 2009 Clay street; thence to Druids'
v Hall,-' whiere services' will be held under the
' auspices of Perseverance ' Grove - No. . 10, , U7
A: ;*O. • D. Plea-e ' omit ; flowers. • Interment
.„'; Laurel. Hill Cemetery. -, , -
HOOSON — In' Haywards, May 4, 1902, : Casper
¦ :,\ Hooson, -beloved t husband of Catherine.- and
HENRY
- (Successor to Flahnagan & Gallagher.) • ..
¦ DANIEL P. -DONOVAN. Mgr.- .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ' EMBALMERS.-
• . -20 Fifth St., 'opposite -Lincoln School. . .
i" ; . .' - : . - . Telephone , South ;' SO. ; ..-'••¦¦ .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
".X;.— -^NEAREST iTHE'CITY.' .
Office,' 916; Market Street. ;•
_ Telephone, Bush^367._.- i - ; : " '
.NEW^FIRIVl> OF : UNDERTAKERS."
¦: ¦ '¦ Samuel . McFadden.". 18 years manager for
' the -United t Undertakers'*Assoclatton;- M." J. '
' McBrearty, • with '.the '¦ same i company - for 10
; years : ; P. • F.' Green, late : with ' J. C. ; O' Con-
¦ ; nor j & ', Co.". '.-'have i opened ) new Funeral ' Par- ¦
J lors » at s 1171 • Mission "; st:r '.; between Seventh
j-and'EIghth. Telephone South 44. ' - ¦" ,.
REAIj ESTATE— »CITY — FOR S. A^;
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. o-.t-.t-t--*
, C38 MARKET STREET.
TUESDAY . A !^. I . 0 ?V. . .MAY 6. 10C2. \
At Our Salesroom. No. «W Market st..
At 12 O'clock Noon.
WESTERN ADDITION INCOME PBOPKKTJ.
North line (Nos.1226-1228) Golden Gate ave
-87 :d feet cast of Flllmore; two fine residences
of 8 rooms and bath each in fl" 1 ' 01 " 9 *°«, < J!:
tion; very desirable neighborhood; sunny^sia«
of the boulevard to Golden Gate, Park, rents
$060 rer annum; lot 30x100 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. -
Southeast line (No*. 3_l-321^-323-32JJ4> Te-
hama St., 200 feet northeast of Fourth; four
subctantlal. well-built flats of 4-3 rooms i each
and a rear cottage of 3 rooms: rents ?w>u per
annum; lot 35x80 feet.
PROBATE SALE.
Estate cf James A. Johnson, deceased.
Subject to confirmation of Superior Court.
Southeast line (Nos. 27-29-31-33) Shipley st.,
3C2H feet northeast of Fourth; six well-built
flat, of 4-5 rooms each; rents $672 per annum;
lot 41:2>ixe3 feet.
PROBATE SALE.
South of Market Investment.
Estate of James McCarthy, deceased.
Southeast line <.No. 211) Shipley St., 91:3
feet southwest of Fifth; improvements conslrt
of a house of 8 rooms, and under (instructions
from the executors, must be sold; lot 16:8x75
feet.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
North line- of Waller St.. 34 -feet east of
Bhrader; two fine lots ready for • building ; very
desirably located and close to Golden Gate Park
electric and cable cars; lots. 25x100 feet each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North line (No. 73S) Hayes st.. 143:6 feet
» est of Buchanan: large, well-built' house 9
rooms, bath and finished basement; excellent
condition; large lot. 25x120 feet, running
through to Ivy ave.
WF.STERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line (Nos. 1223-1223K) Green St., 160:5
feet east of Larkin; two well-built flats of 5-4
rooms, in first-class condition; lot 22:11x77:6
feet.
MISSION CORNER FLATS.
South— est , corner (Nos. 3«63-36«3Vi). Eistat-
eccth and Oakwood cts.. between Guerrero and
Dolores; two well-built flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath; renting for $510 per y annum.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATa
Eaet line (Nos. 1412-1412%) Larkin St.. 107
feet north of California; two modern well-built
flats of 7-6 rooms and bath each; rents S780
per annum; lot 30:6x100 feet.
TWKNTY-FOURTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
North side of Twenty-fourth St.. 280 feet
west of Castro; fine building lots running
J^I* 11 to E1 l-abeth st; level and ready for
building; will subdivide; lots 40x228 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER
. • LOT.
r.orthweet corner of Central ave. and Fulton
et; One corner lot, suitable for store and flats
so-'oxes-i^eet "*"' ls rapI(Uy im P rovln s; ~t"
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦ 638 Market st.
COMB out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st. at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all 6unny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises.
_C PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California Berkeley Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men
Kotlce ls hereby given' to all concerned that
pealed proposals or -bids . are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gall-ry and Library
Building on the grounds of the University
of California at Berkeley, Alameda County,
•nd said bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the secretary of the Board
) cf Regents room 16. South Hall. Berkeley,
S fcl iV at °,o£f for * 2 o c >°ck p. m. of the 15th
of May. 1902. And notice ls hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of said
building have been made and adopted and
ere placed in the above-named office where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
h m- ft^_« thl8 J lat ,?.J IIntl1 the saId 12 * h day
of May. 1902. Jso bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that, if said bid or proposal shall be accepted
; th* jiarty proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
and obligations in accordance with said rro
posal and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby, required to be a part
°t." u . c .. h <» n t rac t; The right to reject any and
all bids is hereby reserved. -^ *-*"?.
This notice- Is given pursuant to an act
entitled, "An act to amend an act entitled
'¦^Vf, 1 t0 f r^ te and or 6 an! « the University
of California.' approved March 25. 1868 and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof ap-
proved March 28. 1S72, relating to the con
strucUon of buildings," approved Marrh ¦t
. 1897 By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents w
t A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. '
TREASURY Department, office of General Su-
perintendent U. 8. Life-saving Service
Washington D. C. April 26. lOO^s^alea
_rf.» ?£&» P> "/.£' Mon^ay. the 26th. day of
. Z: 902< and then Publicly opened, for fur-
nishing supplies required for use of the Life-
Tn i n £« Se S' lce for , the flscal year endin e J u^
5_M-,^i : w* 6Up P he8 t0 »»• delivered at such
points in New York City, Grand Haven.
Mich., and San Francisco. Cal.. as may be
required, and in the quantities named in the
specifications. The supplies needed consist of
beds and beddine, blocks and sheaves cord-
ase, crockery, furniture, hardware, lamps,
lanterns, etc.. medicines, etc.. paints oils
etc.. ship chandlery, stoves, etc., tool's and
miscellaneous articles, all of which are enu-
merated in the specifications attached to the
form of bid, etc., which may be obtained
upon application to this office, or to the in-
spector of Life-savin* stations, 17 State st
New York City; superintendent Twelfth Life-
saving District. Grand Haven, Mich., and
superintendent Thirteenth Life-savins Dis-
trict, New Appraisers' stores, San Francisco,
Cal. Envelopes containing proposals should
be addressed to the "General Superintendent
U. S. Lif e-saving Service, Washington D
C," and. marked on the outside, "Proposal
for Annual Supplies." The right is reserved
to reject any or all bids and to waive de-
fects, if -deemed for the ¦ interests of the
Government. S. I. KIMBALL, General Su-
perintendent.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, Cal., Col-
lector's Office. April 28, 1002.— Supplies for
Revenue Vessels. — Sealed proposals for sup-
plying rations and coal to vessels of the
United States Revenue Cutter Service, regu-
larly stationed, or temporarily, at San Fran-
cisco. Cal., and delivered on board said ves-
sels at that place during the flscal year end-
ing June 30, 1903, will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. of Tuesday, May
13, 1902. at which time and place they will
be publicly opened. The coal furnished to be
' anthracite or bituminous of best quality
uniform In character; to weigh 2240 pounds to
the ton; to be delivered on board the vessels
at such time! and in such quantities as may
be required, at localities readily accessible to
eald vessels, and to be subject to inspection
as to quality and weight. Bidders will name
the prices both for steaming and stove coal
and also their facilities for furnishing the
vessels with fresh water, and their charges
therefor. Blank forms of proposals, with
schedules showing- component parts of ra-
tions, may be had upon application to this
office; proposals must be submitted on these
forms. Separate bids will also be received
at the same time and place for lubricating
and illuminating oils. The right ls reserved
to reject any or all bids, and no proposal will
be accepted until Congress .shall- have made
an appropriation for the purpose. ' F S
STRATTON. Collector.. y . » .
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 5, 1902— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until .11
o'clock a. m., Wednesday, June 4, 1902, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the first
«ix months of fiscal year, commencing July
1. 1902, forage and straw for San Diego
Karracks, Cal.; also at same time, at this
office only,, for forage and straw for Alca-
traz Island. Fort Baker. Benicia Barracks,
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell, Presidio of San
Francisco, San Francisco.s. and San Fran-
cisco. Cal., for shipment to Honolulu, H T
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In whole or In • part
Preference given to . articles of American
production, . conditions of price and • quality
(Including in. the price of foreign produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
. d.uctl«n produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
¦ tent of connumptlon required by the public
service there. All Information furnished on
application to quartermaster at- San . Diego
Barracks or to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
Forage e.nd Straw," and addressed to said
quartermaster, or to D. D. WHEELER. D.
Q. M. .General.' C. Q. M. -)..-;¦¦-
PROPOSALS? for purchase of U. S.- army
transport Egbert— Office of General Supsrln-
* tendent, Army Transport Service. 38 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco CaJ., May 1
1902: Sealed proposals. 1 , in triplicate - for the
purchase of the army transport Egbert. will
h*. received In Hhis office, until 12 m.\ . May
20 1002, and then opened : vessel .¦¦ to be de-
livered to successful bidder " at San Frnn-
cl6co, Cal.; the Government reserves .the
-right to reject any or all proposal*;' en-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed/ "Proposals for purchase of army
transport Egbert." . and addressed to • th?
General Superintendent. Army Transport
- Service.- San Francif co, Cal. • Particulars > as
t*> bends required, and information e.n to tha
character of vessel, etc.. furnished on. appll-
catlon. ¦ _^^__^_ ¦•'•¦.'
~ '...-¦•- oil-
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S." WHITE. 130-132 Eeale st.
AUGTIONmES
_££> '!!____*, v __£>
CLOSINfipi SALE? .;
.Having consolidated our milk trade with that
of the Standard Milk Company we will sell
at public auction our entire rolling stock. - con-
sisting of liO well-broken gentle horses, single
and .double harness, bike carts, road bngsles.
together with office fixtures and one iarxa lco
chest. . Sale takes place at company's lata
plant, . .' ' - ¦ ' ,-
721-723 HOWARD ST.. -' :
« . THIS 1 DAY,
MONDAY. MAY 5. AT IP. M.
, SANTA CLARA MILK CO.
£sn fe> ._£?> , ',"¦-§*'
Sale of Thoroughbreds I
; Qn ,Tij« aajt. -May 6. _t II a., m.. I will sell
the great stake winners VOHICER -WILLLVit
ACK and EARL W. At the same time (by
order of -the Court) the following: RIO CHI-
CO. MOCORITO. IRMA A. GUS ABERCROM-
BIE. JOSIR H and MIMI. besides the magni-
ficent untried two-year-old ftlly REVOLT, by
St.- Carlo-Anarchy. Also saddles, blankets,
hoods, bridles, etc. This is a rare chance to get
gocd money winners that are In perfect condi-
tion. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
21C Third rt. WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
*v-^ . I will sell next" TUESDAY. /_.
*** May 6. 11 a. — .. at 1140FoIsom
St.. ¦ 20 horses.' .all styles camp, peddling and
express' wagf-fts,'- harness and 40 stylea-of busi-
ness and 'rubber tite buggies.
-i-frr OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast ''Steamship Co.
. Steamers I?»ve Broadway
B*Wt^ Wharf, San Francisco:
Bti€3& for Ketchikan. Juneau,
ISJijfeSjip;^ Skaguay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
|«r_kg!_iS^l m.. May 6. 11. 16. 21. 2B. 31.
! R_yk!_£*3 Siftn June 5. Change to com-
' _^___£TjCnol pany's steamers at Seattle.
' For Victoria, Vancouver,
:^5«E__ Por t Towr.send. Seattle. Ta-
¦'-:->'si'v - r --. . ,_% coma, Everett, Newt What-
com— 11 a. m.. May 6. 11. 16, 21. 26. 31. Jua«
5. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers. for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. .p. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)^-l:30 p. m..
May 7, 12, 17. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San . Diego ana Santa : Earbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
'. State of California, Thursdays^' 9 a. ' m. .
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro' and 1 East
¦San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, San Luis Obispo
(via -Port Harford). Ventura, - Hueneme and
•Newport ("Bonita only). ¦ - - .
' Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. May 6, 14, 22. 20. June 7.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. May 10. 18, 20, June 3. '
' For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymaa . (Hex.) — 10 . a. m., 7th each
month;'.. .
For further Information obtain folder.'.
- Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates; ¦•.-•¦
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). - .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen, Agents,
10 Market St., San -Francisco.
________________________ __ . _______
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ ; :'" ¦' %% ——for — -¦¦. ¦
Nil IVI K OIBECT.
LEAVE SEATTLE. 1
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA ••• .JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Ssnator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nonin
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PF.RKIN8 ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OR St N* GO;
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
liOVtr-asrr hates.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIAi Sails.... May 3, 13. 23. June 2
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails... TT.-. May 8. IS, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m .
D. TV. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. I Mong'y. S. P.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
r.er First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m .,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS NIPPON MARU.... Friday, May 9th. 1002
ES" AMERICA MARU.... ;.........'..•-
/.Wednesday, June 4th. 1902
S3. HONGKONG MARU
' ..........'..Saturday. June 2Sth. IMS
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
: . W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
aaa-m-va ir tt _ta wvs * 8 » 3AK0 *' flR *
Jl&XflOIC^ SXfL ZEAIA.1D »»0 SYOMeT,
vvmuiv <?.<?• wo 01RECri , NE - TJ y 1T{ ,
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu .............
........: .-.Saturday, May 10-. 2 p. . m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 22. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
¦ Sunday. June 0. 10 a. m.
). D. SFBICKELS & BEOS. CO., 6ensral __&, 3291fel3_t
Geb'1 Pass. Offlcs. 643'Hai-ai St, Pier Bo. 7. Paciflc sl
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier:*O. 12 m. • - ". ¦
GUATEMALA.. May 14'COLOMBIA . . .June 21
PALENA May 311TUCAPEL . . . .July —
These steamers ' are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office. 31ft California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA RJ. 5^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
- Cabin,' $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre«; ;
S.*S. Argyir...... Sails Thursday. May 1
S.*£.-~-.eelariaw.:Sails Saturday, May 10
Frortl~Harrj8on.«t. .Wharf,; Pier 1(5, at -2 p. row
Freight and Passenger Oitlce, 33U Market sc
F. F. CONNOR. Padtic Coast Agent .
C0XPAGNI2 GEKESAL3 .. THA53ATLANTIQC3.
DIRECT MNE TO HAVRE- PARIS. : _a^__.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ¦6?W_x_&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. \imrwvm
North River, foot of Morton street.
¦ First class to Havre. $70 and upward.' Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). • New
York. J. T: FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San ; Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
• AMERICAS LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Paul-May if. 10 am . Phila. . . . May 28. 10 am
St. Louis. May 21. 10 am St. Paul. June 4, 10 am
-• - - ,REU STAR LI5E.
NEW YORK," ANTWERP, PARIS.
Southwrk.May 14. ndon|Kenslngtn.May28.- noon
Vaderland.May2l. noontZeeland... June 4, noon
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., .
CHAS. P. .TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
EAY^, A1JD -RIVES. ST^A-g_-BsT
¦FOB U. S. NAYY YARD^ AND YALLEJO.
Steamers- GEN. • FRISBIE or MOimCSLLO
'» 9:45 a. — .", 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. ¦ Sunday. 9:45 a.'m.. S:CO p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.',.'12:30 noon. B p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4jI5 p. ra. Fare So
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
Office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. ¦ HATCH
BROS. - •• r .
The Wefjy Gall
S- per Year.
father of Samuel, Frank and George Hooson
and the late Joseph J. Hooson, a native of
'* Alsace. --¦•.-. • ----¦/ ¦ -¦•
tDTrlends and acquaintances are respecl-
-.. fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Tuesday), from : his . late residence, and
thence . to .Al! Saints' Church,', where a sol-
• emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the-
repose of his soul. Interment Catholic Ceme-
..; tery, Haywards. . ; : > •- ¦ ¦¦
HARRISSON-^-On board British ship Coruna.
April 8, 1S02, William Mortimer, beloved
son of Eliza. T, and. the late Randolph Har-
, risson, and brother of Thomas K.. Randolph
- H. and McPherson Harrisson. Mrs. J. J.
: Knapo and Mrs. E. W. Eberle, 1 a native of
San Francisco, aged 40 years and 11 months.
KUCKENS— In this 'city.' May 3, 1902. Emllle,
- beloved wife of the late Henry Kuckens. a
native of Berlin. :< Germany, aged 63 years.
' IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, 'from' the .Darlors of
H. F.. Suhr & Co:, 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ¦ Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. >
KENNY— In this City. May ¦, 4, 1902, Mrs.
. Augusta Kenny, a native of Poeenwalk,
' Prussia, aged 74 years 1 month and 26 days.
MAGUUIE- In/ this city. May 2. ID02. Mrs..
..Anne Masuire. beloved wife -of Owen Ma-
/guire. and mother of Dr. Charles S. and
. the late Dr. Andrew A. Magulre, and sister
of Mrs. . Elizabeth Mayuire. a native of
ilacroom, County Cork, . Ireland.
tt_?"Frlends and acquaintances are ¦ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
Mny 5, at 9 o'clock, from her late residence,
. 27!) Page street. . thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem. high mass will be
celebrated.' for the repose of. her eoul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ;>--.'- ..,..¦¦. •
MIRAMONTES---In this \ city, May 3. 1902.
j Teasea, beloved daughter of -.Rufina. Ch. de
Miramontes. and sister of Charles and Josef a
Miramontes and Mrs. -F,'-M.,-_te Reyes., a na-
tive of Mazatlan. Mexico, ased 23 yea.rs 10
. .months and. 25.days.y— ¦'..-.: -J -'.'..».. .
O'BRlEN--.In Oakland, May" 3.. 1902. Johii. be-
\ loved 4 husbapd.;- of Mary; (yerien.. father Of
Dan and John-* O'Brien, and brother, of Mrs.
• Hennessy of Manhattan. N." Y., a native of
Ireland, aged 69 years and 11 months. .-
B-jT Friends and acquaintances are respect*
:'-_ fully, invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 514
'¦: Fifth street. . thence to the Church of the
- Immaculate Conception,' where a. requiem
high mass will be cel«brated for the repose
* of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery: :
RICH— In this city. May 3, 1902. Alice Jane,
beloved wife of the late D. W. Rich, and
.mother of Lee B. Rich, a native of Rlch-
_ .mond. .Va.. aged SO years.
lk_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Monday, at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1601 Eleventh avenue, corner of I.
street (Sunset District). . thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, near. Page street.
¦ for services at 10:30 a. m. Interment Holy
i Cross Cemetery. \ ' • ¦
RYAN— in this city. May ! 3, ' 1902. Hannah
Ryan,' sister of .the late John C. and Edward
. Ryan, a native of Clonmel, County Tlpper-
- ary, Ireland, aged 75 years.
IE" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Monday),- at % o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 611 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
£ Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass wiH
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - • ¦-¦
STEARNS— In this city, May 1. 1902, Charles
A. Stearns, formerly of Aurora, 111., a native
of New Hampshire, aged 82 years 11 months
! and 24 days. : . « ..
fl-^Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission
street, betweeen Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Funeral and interment at Aurora. 111.
STEUART— In this city. May 3. 1902. Irvine
Steuart, a native of- Scotland, aged 69 years.
1 E_y Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral "services to-day (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co.. 641 Sacramento street. Interment
private.
EILVEIRA— In Oakland, May 4. l%02, Mary
L. Silvelra. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
A.S.'Farta and Louise -J. Aaevodo. a na-
tive of Fayal, Azore Islands, aged 65 years.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
May 6, at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 811 Castro street, thence . to St.
Joseph's Church. Eighth and Chestnut
streets, where a solemn hlsh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
SMITH— In this city, May 3. 190*. Charles
: Clancy, beloved father of Viola Smith, sod
of the late Charles and Ann Eliza Smith,
beloved brother of Mrs. Charlotte E. Dtxon,
and brother-in-law of Edmund Dlxon, a na-
tive of San Francisco. a*ed 48 years 1 month
. and 3 days. A member of Aerial Lodge No.
2142. G. U. O. of O. F.
(_7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. to-day (Monday), at 1 o'clock; at Zlon
A.*M. E. Church, Stockton street, between
Clay and Sacramento. Remains at the resi-
dence of Mrs. Edmund Dlxon, 737 Vallejo
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SANCHEZ — In Mlllbrae, May 3. 1902, Fran-
; Cisco Sanchez.-a native of • California; .. aged
50 years 2 months and 7 days.
E_rFuneral- to-day- (Monday), at 1 p. m.,
•from Millbrae residence. Friends invited.
THORNTON— In this city,. May 8, 1902; Rose
A. Thornton, dearly beloved daughter of
Peter and the late Annie Thornton, and
loving sister of Lizzie and Nicholas Thorn-
ton, a native of Bodle, Cal., aged 21 years
4 months and 12 days.
IE" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
, , dence, 1122 /Battery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue, where a high mass will be cele-
brated for the reoose of her soul, com-
mencinsr at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
WAGNER — In this' city. May S. 1902. Fred-
ericka Wauner, beloved mother of F. ¦ Joseph
Wagner, Mrs. Charles Charruan and Mrs.
Fred Orr. a native of Germany, aged 60
years 4 months and 3 days.
C_rThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
m of her daughter. r . Mrs. Fred Orr.' 12% Oak
Grove avenue, thence to St.- Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated, for : the reoose of her soul, com-
mencing: at 9 o'clock. 'Interment private at
Holy Cross Cemetery: Please omit flowers.
WILLI— In Oakland, May 4, 1902, Frederick
Joseph, beloved husband of Anna' Willi, and
beloved stepfather of Mrs. C. A. Foose, Mrs.
¦ J. G. Fell and Wriliam Schnark Jr.. a na-
tive of Switzerland,' ased 51 years 9 months
¦ and 16 days. • -.••¦¦
"—Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednas-
j ' day, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
87 Helen street, between A and- Peralta.
- . North Oakland, thence to . Sacred Heart
' Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. ' ¦ ¦ ¦Clothes do not make the man, but his
tailor frequently gives him an expensive
appearance
Trapper'a OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
, The Ef Capitan orchestra, ; ah amateur
musical organization, gave a most enjoy
able concert last "Wednesday night at : Na'
tlve Sons' Hall. The efforts of the juve
nile class were all well received and some
particularly, good violin solos were ren
dered. After the concert dancing was
enjoyed. - . , .;
Amateur Orchestra Concert.
Bakersfleld Excursion.
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfleld Street
Fair aad Carnival can secure tickets at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
en sale at the Santa Fe office, C41 Market st.,
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
U. ' < ¦¦¦
J. , J. Fanning, a saloon-keeper ; at 308
Folsom street, was arrested yesterday by
the harbor police on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon: He was accused
of having cut Peter- McGuire. a marine
fireman, during a quarrel in the saloon at
the address given.
Saloon-Keeper Arrested.
Friday. May 9. will be Eagles' day at i the'
Bakersfleld Street Pair and Carnival; Tickets
will be sold at Santa Fe office. 641 Market st
at one fare for the round trip for. all trains
May 7. good to return until May 11. - This is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquln Vallev
and the Kern County Oil Fields.' ;» *
Eagles' Day .at the Bakersfleld' Fair.
"The Solar Plexus" was the subject of
a lecture delivered last evening by Miss
; Marie A- Walsh at the Golden Gate Lodge
of the Theosophical Society. The object
of the lecturer was to show that the solar
•plexus was the sympathetic center, an4
that consequently it was the root of many
of the disorders that are suffered both
mentally and physically. Miss Walsh in
a raost interesting manner demonstrated
how essential it is to live a life of bright
ness and cheerfulness; how necessary it
Is to conquer depression by opening tho.
windows of the soul that the sun and not
the gloom may enter into one's existence.
."In order to be spiritual," she said, "wa
must shine; we must awaken the light
within the heart. One great mistake is
that people try to be the moon instead of
the sun."
Speaks of Solar Plexus.
Rodgers was in the restaurant eating
his breakfast and had a dispute with M.
KIshimoto, a -waiter, about his . food
which ended in a. mixupl In an instant
the restaurant was filled with gesticulat
ing- Japanese, who came running from all
directions, and It looked bad for Rodgers
who had been struck on the head with
bottles by the waiter and the proprie
tress. Policeman George Douglass, was
notified of the affair and ran to the res
taurant. He had to fight his way through
the crowd of Japanese, and he placed
KIshimoto and the woman under arrest
on the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. They were booked at the City
Prison and released on $300 bonds each
Ro«gers was sent to the hospital •
Rows in Japanese restaurants are of
frequent occurrence. There Is a case
». ending in Judge Mogan's court in which
a Japanese waiter in a restaurant on Sec
ond street is charged with: mayhem for
biting off a portion of a customer's ear
An Incipient riot occurred in a restau
rant at 18 St. Mary street, kept by S.
Matsumata, a Japanese woman, yester
day morning, resulting in Albert Rodgers,
a printer, 'living in Palo Alto, being re
moved to the Central Emergency- Hos
pital for treatment. It was found that
he had escaped with a jagged wound in
his scalp.
the Heid With a Quart
Bottle.
Albert Rodgers, a Printer, Struck on
INCIPIENT RIOT IN
JAPANESE RESTAURANT
J. Gallagher, 14 years of age, was acci
dentally ehot yesterday afternoon by an
unknown youth, who let a loaded rifle
'fall to the ground in front of young Gal
lagher.
The Gallagher boy was on an outing trip
¦with a number of companions and while
near the Five Mile House on the San
Bruno road, met another crowd of boys,
one of whom carried a rifle of small cal
iber. In some unknown manner the gun
¦was discharged and Gallagher received its
contents in the leg. He was removed to
the City and County Hospital and Detec
tive Fitzgerald was detailed to investi
gate the case.
J. .'Gallagher Receives Serious .Wound
in Ueg at Five-Mile ¦ +
House. w
The public should take notice that all
the above tickets were of the Original
Little Louisiana, Company of San Fran
cisco, established January. 1887. All
tickets have the initial?, M. & F.', in large,
colored letters on the face of the tickets
none others are genuine. * '
David J. Baker, 600 Sixth street, held
one-half of ticket 23,021, for which he re
ceived $500.
V. R. Gordon of Stockton, Cal held
one-half of ticket 93,511, for which he re
ceived $1000. e
Mrs. Charlat Beavon of Redington, Cal
averas County, Cal., paid a visit to a
friend of hers who lives in the Mission
district and purchased a whole ticket
No. 99,500, In the April 12, 1902, drawintr
in the Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San , Francisco, costing her but
50 cents, which won the capital prize of
$7500, which amount was promptly paid
her.
A Lucky Visit to San Francisco.
EOY ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
BY CARELESS YOUTH
A gray-haired man, supposed to be
James Smyth of Redwood City ; and : a
Grand Army veteran, met with his death
unexpectedly at Folsom and Twenty-thlr.d
streets between 12 and 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon. ' .; ;. - •:¦¦¦ ..
Smyth was driving into the . city In a
buggy, leading a.horse which, -it -is. sup
posed, he intended - to sell. When ; he
reached the corner of Folsonvand Twen
ty-third streets the horse he was leadr
Ing shied at something and the sudden
movement threw the old man from the
buggy. He struck on his face against
the curbstone.,- He' lay ¦ motionless, and
a crowd soon collected. Dr. A. S. Kee
gan, who lives close by, was summoned,
and said life was extinct. - : '
Meantime the Seventeenth-street : Po
lice Station had been notified, and the
patrol wagon was hurried to the scene.
The body was taken to the City and
County Hospital, whare Dr.
statement was confirmed and the Morgue
officials summoned. • \ . ,
Deputy Coroner Brown found a letter
In the old. man's coat pocket from
William Smyth. Carson City. ad
dressed to. "Mr, James Smyth, Red
wood City, i San .Mateo County, Cal."
In the letter It spoke of the-receiver-be
ing, a pensioner, and: mentioned a friend
who worked for, the .Sunset' Telephone
Company and lived at 2619 ) Sacramento
street, upon whom lie was asked to. call
when in the city. -There was, a [Grand
Army button In "the lapel of his coat.
He had $57 60 and a' gold watch and chain
in his pockets.. ; •
The man was abolit 65 years of age
and 5 feet 6. inches tall. He had gray
hair, whiskers and ¦ mustache. The horse
he was driving was a chestnut, and the
one he was leading a gray. It Is sup
posed his skull was, fractured by the
fall against the curbstone,, although the
only mark Is across the bridge of the
nose. -•;,¦'-¦. . . ;
The police are J working to capture \
bold gang of- safe crackers who made an
attempt , to secure treasure from the
•strong box of J. J. Meyers, a mining ex
pert;' 'at C03 California street, .early yes
terday morning. .After opening. the outer
doors of the office, the burglars drilled
through a' safe : which contained nearly
$30,000 in gold, but were . frightened away
before < they unfastened the • heavy ( doors,
and made their escape in the. darkness.
¦ Shortly,- after 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, Meyers entered his place of business
and discovered the, attempt to., rob his
safe. A- hole three-quarters of an Inch in
diameter .had been drilled : through the
iron safe door, and the instrument with
which the work was done was found on
the floor. The. drill was a crude imple
ment;;, such -as is. used by railway*com
panies' in drilling . through . rails, and was
larger than is I ordinarily used by safe
crackers. " The police were immediately
notified and Detective Tom Gibson was
detailed on the case. The officer, found
little .that would ¦ place him on the trail
of the culprits, but having .recovered ! the
drill, -he hopes to find some .clew as to
where it was secured.
¦ . The safe crackers entered through the
outer doors and evidently were well ac
quainted .with the premises. They had
keys that fitted the outer locks, and dis
turbed; nothing until they started to work
wlthi a .drill on' the' safe. .Meyers "placed
a large sum of money belonging to some
friends in the safe on, Saturday, and the
police are of , the opinion that the thieves
were acquainted with this fact.
PERFECT ARRANGEMENTS
FOR ANNUAL GATHERING
Pays Visit to Shell Mound
¦-¦ ¦;'-¦ Park; :v ' • ;
Games" Committee of Caledonian Club
Every effort Is being made by the Cale
donian Club to make this year's games at
Shell . Mound Park. '; on May 30, the most
attractive and successful j in Its history.
With that end in view, the games commit
teo.wentiri a. body to the *park yesterday
to. perfect. arrangements for the event, so
that everything . may be in first-class con
dition for the comfort of the .participants
In'the games and the .guests. :. r , •';
. ; Owing to the; fact that the amount of
prize : money i has been doubled this year
word has been received from clubs in the
East •" that several -well-known • athfetes
have expressed their, intention | of ; coming
to the city and taking part in the events.
The 'games committee », has also received
word ,' that , pipers ¦ from ' all . parts r will be
present ;to ".compete for the gold > medal,
valued at $200,: to be • awarded Uo the" best
player of- marches,' strathspeys and reels."
-Y* .. J. J. Meyers.
Burglars Drill Through
B, Safe in Office of
Old Man Supposed to Be
James Smyth In
stantly K:lled. '
SAFE CRACKERS
ATTEMPT A JOB
Preceding Mayor Schmitz's introduction
Into the pulpit. Rev. Dr. F. G. Snelson
preached an eloquent sermon on "The Ex
alted Christ." in which he eulogized the
infinite mercy and divine uprightness of
the Lord. Mrs. Snelson. wife of the pas- ,
tor, sang in a very pleasant manner.
"Where Will You Spend Eternity," and
Miss Lizzie 1 Jackson recited "Little Wil
lie," a pathetic story of a lonely waif who
was comforted by the tender mercy of
Jesus. ¦< ¦-¦* :"-.¦¦ - .
I desire to compliment you on having se
cured such an able minister to occupy your
pulpit, and I want to congratulate him on the
very elocuent sermon which he has delivered
this evening. I desire to say with him that 1
hope that in my administration of the affairs
of this city that I shall be guided by the
divine Christ like Justice of which he spoke.
I shall always extend to the colored people the
fcame consideration that I give to the rest of
my constituents. As your minister has stated,
it is my intention to be the Mayor of all the
people, the bad. as well as the good, the high
as well as tte low and the rich as well as
the poor, and I shall mete out justice to all
allUe. . » '
Education is the only thing which makes
one man. better than another. Under the con
stitution of the United States we are all born
equal so that education is the only possible
means by which one man can elevate himself
over another. Only a few weeks ago our great
President entertained ¦ one of your people ' at
dinner. ¦ • *
I came here this evenine more to meet you
and to lend my presence to your .gathering;
than to make an address. I came to show
my appreciation of- the progress which is be
ing- made by a great part of my constituents
•which public officials are most prone to for
get. I recognize that the colored people are
making their influence felt in ¦ public affairs.
Bethel A- M. E. Church was crowded to
the doors last night with the city's col
ored citizens, who heard Mayor . Schmltz
make his initial attempt at pulpit elo
quence. It had been previously announc
ed that the city's chief executive was to
discuss municipal affairs, but he ignored
such a temporal theme and confined him
self to remarks more fitting to the occa
sion and to the sanctity of the edifice. As
it was his debut, the Mayor did not ven
ture a discourse on the more profound
questions ef theology, but he promised
that at some future date - he would again
speak to Bethel Church congregation and
would then express his views at greater
length. Mayor Schmitz said In substance:
. Later when J. A. Scannavino, an em
ploye of Newbauer & Co.. visited the car
he found a piece of yellow paper lying on
the floor upon which were imprints of
coin, about the dimensions of $5 and $10
pieces. The supposition is that Baker had
folded his money in this piece of paper
and had it in his pockets when they were
turned inside out.
About 2 o'clock Eugene Bryant, engineer
in the railroad yards noticed that the door
of the car was unlocked, which aroused
his suspicion. He looked inside and saw
the watchman lying unconscious on the
floor with his pockets turned inside out.
Bryant at once notified the police and
Baker was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where it was found that
he was suffering from a fracture of the
Fkull. It was some time later before he
was roused to consciousness, when he said
his name was Ellis Baker, but before he
could talk further he again lapsed into un
consciousness.
• Detectives Dinan and Bailey, who were
on duty at police headquarters, were
notified and they made an investigation.
They found that the car contained chick-,
ens, consigned to Newbauer &.Co., 107
Front street, and that Baker had come
•from Kansas City as watchman. Several
Racks had been- tilled with chickens ready
to be carried away and it is presumed that
during Baker's temporary absence the
theives broke off the lock of the car and
¦were busily engaged filling the sacks with
chickens when Baker made his reappear
ance.. It is supposed that before he was
able to defend himself he was stricken
dawn by a blow on the head with some
blunt instrument and while . unconscious
his pockets were rifled. His papers were
found scattered over the car. His pocket
book, after being emptied had been
thrown into the yard, where It was dis
'covered by the detectives.
The police are investigating what has
every appearance of being an attempted
murder and robbery, in a chicken car at
the foot of Sixth street early yesterday
morning, the victim being Ellis Baker, the
watchman of the cjjt.
An immense number of people took ad
vantage yesterday of the fine weather to
participate in the excursion to the big
battleship Wisconsin, under the auspices
of the Turone booth of the Irish fair.
From 1 o'clock until 4:30 all of Peterson's
launches were pressed into service, and
the decks of the battleship were crowded
with visitors. They were shown the bis
guns and the revolving turrets, given a
look down the ventilators and allowed to
climb onto the bridge. The jackies were
attentive to the visitors, the majority be
ing handsomely gowned young ladies. The
committee from the booth, which had
charge of the details of the excursion
were Peter A. Byrne. T. G. Maguire, Dr
Keenan. J. J. Burnes, H. Wldder, P Ea
gan and J. P. Finnegan.
A neat descriptive catalogue of the col
lection has been. issued and altogether the
art gallery will well repay a visit.
Portraits of Mr. and Mrs. O'Connell and
Gladstone, showing the excellent work of
Irish artists in this line, and a fine water
color by Lady Keane.
Among the more prominent works are
those of Harrington Coulter, O'Connell,
Wickes, Sweeney, Macartney, Bloomer
and others. Some of the larger and more
valuable paintings are, "Dublin- Bay,"
"Loch Catherine," "TV? Wreck," "Cork
County Landscape," •'-.JvMiluce Castle,"
"Fired Out," "The Hedges," "Maid of
Erin." "Ballyglan Road," "Maiden
Lights," "Moonlight on Hellins Castle."
"Nine Miles From Cork," "Lakes of Kil
larney,". "St. Sebastian," "Madonna of the
Chair," "Village Scene in Cork," "North
Coast of Ireland," "Richelieu," "Blarney
Castle," "St Patrick," "Our Lady of
Yonghal," the only copy of this celebrat
ed fifteenth century picture in the United
States.
The art gallery of the Irish fair Is one
of the most Interesting and educational
features of the fair, indeed. The number
of meritorious paintings, of Irish scenery
and subject, by Irish artists, that the art
committee has been able to collect Is quite
surprising. In the collection the different
sections of the old country are noted.
ing Collection.
Scenery and Subjects of Old Land by
Ireland's Artists Make Surpris-
ART AT HUSH FAIR
. PROVES BIG FEATURE
Watchman on a Chicken
Car Stricken Down
and Robbed.
Addresses Congregation
at Bethel A. M. E.
THUGS COMMIT
DOUBLE CRIME
MAYOR SCHMITZ
IN THE PULPIT
tive session of 1884-85 he was clerk of the
enrolling committee, in which capacity
he did excellent service. In 1885 he be
came a clerk in the registration office
under Registrar E. B. Pringle, and later
he served as deputy under Recorders E.
B. Read and Alexander Russell., At the
National Republican Convention held at
Minneapolis in 1892 he was sergeant at
arms of the California delegation, the
duties of which he discharged with sig
nal success. In 1894 he was appointed
wharfinger . by Commissioner Dan Cole,
being subsequently made assistant chief.
After four years of valuable service to
the State his ability was recognized by
his reappointment to the same office by
Major Harney, a Democrat. A year later
he was reappointed to the same position
by ! Paris Kilburn. Dryden's intimate
knowledge of shipping and matters per
taining to wharfage rendered him a man
of value to the public service, and it was
believed,' he would continue, to fill the
office permanently until the MnJoch- of
politics demanded him as a victim.
Dryden is well known in fraternal cir
cles. He was from 1882 till 1893 secretary
of the Wharf Builders* Union, and he has
held offices of trust and honor in his par
lor of Native Sons as well as in the
Grand Parlor. The recognition of his
ability and honesty by the United Rail
roads in- offering him a good berth will
be received with satisfaction by all who
know him. • i
SHYING HORSE
CAUSES DEATH
Dryden is one of the most popular and
widely known of Native Sons. He . Is a
native of Oak.and, 38 years of age,' and
has a charming family, to which he is
devotedly attached. He began his public
career as a deputy under Tax Coiiector
Wadham years ago. During the legisla-
Scarcely was it known that Dryden had
fallen a victim to the machine than Ed
ward E. Gates, claims agent of the United
Railroads, made a bid for his services as
adjuster of claims for the company. Dry
den was In Santa Cruz at. the time and
he was immediately communicated with,
the result being his appointment on Url
day last. In his new field Dryden trill
no doubt duplicate the success his efforts
as assistant wharfinger met with in his
eight years' service as an employe of the
State.
IT was a genuine surprise to the
friends of George H. S. Dryden, the
popular and efficient assistant wharf
inger, when, through the agency of
machine politics manipulated by the
Gage push, he was removed 'and "Jack"
Tyrrell appointed in his stead. The many
years of capable ' service rendered by
Dryden, who, although himself a Repub
lican, was honored with . reappointnient
under Democratic rule, speak for his hon-.
esty and efficiency as an official. '.-, ;
Speaking of theatricals in New York,
Messrs. Belasco and Thall state that the
season just closing was profitable to all
engaged in the business. The stock
houses have been doli»? well In the larger
cities, and new houses are being con
stantly opened.'
Manager Morrisey said last night that
he merely went East for a rest of two
weeks. He accompanied Mrs. Morrisey
to the home of her parents at O'Fallon,
111., where she will remain for her health
until the warm weather opens, when she
will return. This was her first journey
to the East in eight years, and. he found
it a very pleasant diversion.
For the Central we secured many thrilling
melodramas, all of which are reigning suc
cesses. These Include "Angel of the Alley,"
"Sunshine of Paradise Alley." "King of De
tectives," "Road to Ruin," "Between Love and
Duty," "Diamond Breaker," "Pledge of Hon
or," "Hell Gate." "Voice of Nature," "Jake
Green." "Biddell Bros.," "Guilty Mother."
"Derby Winner," - "Queen of Chinatown,"
"Woman Against Woman," "Train Robber,"
"Aunt Bridgett." "Humpty Dumpty" and
others of the same class. We look forward to
one of the best seasons from a theatrical stand
point known to the fraternity. . .
Among: the plays for the Alcazar secured by
us are many of the latest successes. These in
clude "Tree 'of Knowledge," "Cipher Code,"
"Willie," "Americans Abroad," "Gray Mare."
"Lady Bountiful," "Betsy Ross," "Home Sec
retary," "Pudd'nhead Wilson," "Hoosier Doc
tor" and others.
NEXT SEASON'S PLAYS.
For the Central we secured as leading woman
Fannie ilclntyre, one o£ the best known melo
dramatic actresses in America. Her wardrobe
is contained in twelve trunks. 1 She was for
four years leading woman at Forepaugh's Thea
ter in Philadelphia. She wiU open at the Cen
tral next Monday in "The World."
We succeeded in securing some of the best
known actor folk in the business for the Al
cazar and Central theaters. The new leading
man for the Alcazar is a distinguished Eng
lish actor, whose name 1 am not at liberty
to divulge at this time. He is under contract
with a prominent manager and to reveal his
identity might prevent his securing his release.
The leading woman is Suzanne Santje, who
was four* years with the Frohmans. i-ast sea
eon, she was with Richard Mansfield, and she
was to have supported E. H. Sothern in "Ham
let" next season, but owing? to the fa^t that
Sothern's wife will not star next season, aa
originally Intended, she will support her hus
band. This left Santje free and we secured
her at a large salary. We also secured several
well-known actors who will open at the Alcazar
in September for the winter season.
In an interview. last night Belasco said
concerning his new plays and people:
NEW PLAYS AND PEOPLE.
After spending • several weeks In the
East, a trio of well-known f local man
agers arrived home yesterday. They were
Fred Belasco and Sam Thall of the Al
cazar and Central theaters and John Mor
risey of the Orpheum. The first two
named went to New York to secure new
people and plays for their show-houses,
while Morrisey made a flying trip to
St. Louis with Mrs. Morrisey, who will
spend a few weeks with her parents near
that city. All express themselves as be
ing highly delighted with their journey
across the Rockies.
Belasco is especially jubilant at the re
sults of his journey. He congratulates
himself at having enjoyed the felicity of
acting as best man for Thall at the lat
ter's espousal of Miss E. L-. Gifford, a
charming young woman of Richmond,
Va. The marriage took place in New
York on April 19, and was a society event
at which many notable theatrical folk
were in attendance.
Many New- People and* Plays
Secured for Local
* . ¦ * ¦
Playhouses.
Morrisey, Belasco and
Thall Return From
the East. . h
MANAGERS FIND
THEIR WAY HOME
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, MONDAY, v MAY 5, 1902.
George H. S. Dryden, Who. Was Removed Without Cause
by Gage Push From His Position as Assistant Wharf inger,
Is at Once Selected to Fulfill Duties of Responsible Post
IS A PPOINTED ADJUSTER
FOR UNITED RAILROADS
NEW ADJUSTER FOR UNITED RAILROADS WHO, THROUGH THE
AGENCY OF MACHINE POLITICS, WAS RECENTLY REMOVED
FROM THE OFFICE OF ASSISTANT WHARFINGER. . .
10
COLDBBRa. BOTTKf » CffS SPECIAL SATOta SAIiB
Pim-Olas
Baby olives stuffed 4<jzbot IOC
with peppers 6 " . " 3 for 50c
C lam b on i 1 1 o n
Bumham-concentrated-stlmulant- c _
rcs'ly 40c pint bottle i 3 5^
S h r imps
Baratarla — wet pack — serve
with .crisp lettuce— 3 for 25c
reg'Jy 10c can
L,e m o n s
Selected— thin skin doz 1 5c
Mustard
D & G-French-ready to use. , ce
6 flavors— reg'ly 20c bottle 2 D0IS 35 C
C o c k t a i 1 s
Martini— Manhattan— Vermouth—
gin— whisky— Old Tom gin— 90c
reg'ly $1 25
Rye whisky
Old Mellow— reg'ly $1 bottle 75c
$4 gallon $3
Mai t whisky
Wm Penn— reg'ly $1 bottle ) __„
Duffy "85c " $ 75
Imported, wines
Port— sherry— Madeira— - cr
reg'ly $1 bottle . 7$ c
Cherries
In marasquln— delightful flavor In
summer drinks— reg'ly 60c quart 55 W
D C L gin
Dry and Old Tom-7 rtO _
reg'ly $1 bottle •' 9°°
Garmel soap
Made from olive oil— for the toilet- \
bath— teeth— hair— nursery— 50c
reg'ly 60c box of 6 cakes
Dcntomjrrh
Antiseptic tooth paste 2 tubes 25c
Window screens
Flyer— Oak frame— adjustable — 2OC
rcg'Iy 25c— 35c 30c
Ask for a camping estimate — special
facilities here for prompt shipment and
good packing.
432 Pina 232 Sutler 2300 California
San Frcnclsco
Thirteenth «nd Clay Streets, Oakland
SpEiCES
|--^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
SL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
w- rr. hess,
K0TART PUBU0 JUTO ATTOBHST-AT-lAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckel* Bids
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California, st.. below Powtll
Residence Telephone. June* 1501.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . '
-'¦..'¦¦ f .
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT.
CURTAINS, PQRTIERES,
COMFORTERS and BED SPREADS
m a m At M m a m
VERY LOW PRICES.
500 PAIRS FINE LACE CURTAINS In IRISH POINT
RENAISSANCE and COLONIAL NET, Wnite, Cream and
Arabian colors. All with fast lockstitch edges.
$3.50 Pair
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
50 PAIRS FRINGED TAPESTRY PORTIERES In a
oood assortment of colorings, full length and width.
$3.50 Pair
10 CASES SILKOLINE COMFORTERS, full size and •
pure white snowflake filling.
Sl.00 Each
4 CASES FULL SIZE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS,
white and colored.
$2.50 Each
II SPECIAL.
100 PIECES 36-INCH WHITE CURTAIN MUSLIN In
dots, small figures and lace stripes.
; ; > IOc Yard
. 50-P1ECES 40-INCH CURTAIN MUSLIN In white and
colors, all fancu deslgnsi
2Oc Yard
M AIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
v forwarded free to any address. >
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
T W E N T I E T H C E NTU R Y COOKBOOKS
. • A. ear-load of Cook Books
Just arrived fromChlcnKoanrt , -
. are ready for distribution at
the business office of this \
paper. All Call; nabscrlbern :
are entitled to. a. copy of tbiti
ereat Cook Uook at the prem- ¦
lorn price 'of fifty cents.
An: additional charge of 2O \ v
cents to .¦pay^eiifreBBa.Be .jrlll
lie required from oat of town .;'
subscribers ordering by mail. .
BOLPBiaS. BOWXW * CO'8 SPECIAL BAYISQ SALS
GOLDBEHg
BO WEN
at cp
Special Saving Sale
Catering to the sense of taste has been
our hobby for nearly 50 years — good
food assists good health
Monday Tuesday
Tea
Not a little but a whole lot
better than ordinary 50c tea — I D 4O C
see for yourself
Baking powder
Excelsior— reg'ly 35c Ib 3OC
Tomato catsup
Two flavors-pure ingredients-, * _ - oc
our bottling— reg'ly 20c bot «j *>
K o n a coffee
The finest grade of coffee the
Hawaiian Islands produce — 2OC
reg'ly 25c ib
R o yan s
Little sardines put up with
. truffle— pickle— vegetable— 2 for 25C
rfg'ly 15c can
B o u i lion
Anker beef and celery capsules— n _
nourishing — reg'ly 30c box of ten 70^*
Mo 1 as s e s
New Orleans— good quality— for
ginger bread— taffy pull— c ec
rcg'Iy 75c gallon can
Corn, 1
Sea Foam-best quality from 2 for 25c
Maine— reg'ly $1 65 doz doz $l 40
Green olives
Manzanilla — rich flavor -^ ga.1 35C
M o t h > b alls
Keeps furniture— carpets —
rugs— portieres and clothes 4 lbs 2
safe in summer time
L u c c a o i 1
Sublime— our importation from • > *„
\ Italy— reg'ly $2 25 gal can " * 2
"~ ~~ ~ ~ ~~~ : r ~"-
t^MS^*. '' 'Weak Eye* Strengthened.
?^§r^^vSi Painful or inflamed eyes ln-
ggj&|gggJtL>& stantly relieved with GEORGE
«S IF*." , .. .tJmj*. MAYERLE'S .German Eye
«^5««--«-5&5t-; Water. 50c, at 1071 Market
™t£rk&<f ! * Et - Tel. South 572. None g°n-
: . -i^— . . . , uj ne without this . trademark.
\\/Z\ GIB5ON*5 I
|tmftOB5ERV3\TION) NftZ
hMlP^I; Publijhcd by YourBojomFriend"
L WXtp^MJ every_ once . in a while ~> —
I am having an epidemic down here at
I rny store.
j "Come back again fever" we have
named it. It's contagious and everybody who comes
• I hope it will keep on spreading, too, for if every-
body gets to coming back to me, I will be coming back
jto work in an automobile the first thing I know. " i
I guess good values, styles and decent treatment j
have something to do with the spread of the fever. j
Anyhow, I am growing very rapidly — my stock is j
growing, too — better, bigger, newer. .. Y' |
To-day? All right— I will be here. S^
Johi\XCslh50i\, v YourBo5osaFrjBend" I
Furnijhingj /or Gentlemen j
i20£-o*MarkeOt, near ColdenCafe Ave
« .
i This Vla-a-yis Is only one of the strell turnouts xre show on our floor.
I Don't fall to pay us a visit before buying. More stock than all other dealers
In Ean Francisco combined. ¦eanSoiBj'BO C06^V>J 3isv_ ' -'U^ to
STPPEMKERHROS. fOMRIJm
O P CAMFOIUSTA.. I
fVlarVcet and 10th Sts. San Francisco H