Continued . on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
PARSONS. Kans., March 25.— Lee ; Wat
son, a 14-year-old boy. was killed to-night
by taking hold of a live electric light
wire. The boy was a member of a high
Fchool society which was initiating a can
didate to-night. Part of the initiation
was the application of this wire to the
candidate. Watson took hold' of it and
was immediately killed. Some of the iu-
EUlation on the wire had worn . off and
had been a plaything for the boys in the
day time for weeks past.
Initiation Results in a Death.
LONDON, March 25.— John RMmorK],
the leader of the Irish Nationalists, gave
notice in the House of Commons to-day
of a motion equivalent to a vote of eer.
sure on the Speaker. William Court Gull;-,
for not having made the Colonial Secre
tary, Joseph Chamberlain, withdraw his
remark, "the honorable gentleman is a
good judge of traitors,*' addressed to
John Dillon, Irish Nationalist, In the
House March 20, which led to Dillon re
torting that Chamberlain was a "damned
liar."
Bedmond Attacks the Speaker.
"Thc-lnjury would. have .been the heaiy"-'
•er 'arid ;more severe-had ;not the unite.l
press of ; the city Intelligently, andj patri
otically 'ascertained ; for .itself > the ; true
facts of the bubonic plague" situation and
refrained from giving . undeserved and
undue publicity to your, reports. /It is.evi-;
dent ' from.", recent instances' and ; develop- ¦
merits;, one as late as February' 21,- 1S02,
that you are absolutely and^uncharigeably*
committed* to " the policy of maintaining,'
harboring and -proclaiming" thla baseless
bubonic plague situation; that you; arc
proceeding, \ even at this late day, .upon
the theory . that every" case . investigated Is
a suspicious case .and that 'every** such
case' must be assumed to-be, and published
as, a > true /case _p f J bu borile ; plag'uel until
the; contrary is. so clearly establlshed'jby;
arid -constant reports of. new 'discoveries
and 'verifications.'-'"
,' : VThese reports; published' in \ the promi
nent medical and, lay 'journals of 7 the
world, 'have; done and are doing our city
and StateHintold damage. 'They are keep
ing from us"a large number of desirable
Irrimigrants and tourists;' to-a'large ex
tent." th€y are, holding back, the develop-'
ment ; - of our : - industries - and • - Interests
through . the influx of outside • capital, 1
and, with; the. imaginative prophecies .of
future augmeritatlon:in the i numbcr arid
.virulenc,e,of the cases, they. are seriously;
jeopafdlzirig the fifCure -welfare •. of tour.
CJly.-."'' v .'¦¦':¦'¦¦- - -'- ' ! : ----. :.•;•'-•.-¦¦•¦."
BAD POLICY OF OLD. BOAItD.
Francisco." flfi»
Later , in the afternoon Mayor Schmitz
— »_ '— '
overwhelming evidence. that the true dis
ease can no longer be concealed under tha
mask of ; the buhonlc plague. This policy
is one of Irreparable injury to the people,
.whose protectors you are suppo3edto be:
It is against the welfare and prosperity of
"the city, "and Is, In my opinion, ample and
abundant justification for your removal.
"Based; on this, .and accruing from It.
numerous other acts arose, each of which
would; constitute power 'for removal, un
der the charter provisions.
".The. roping* and fencing in and the far
"cical quarantining of Chinatown, at great
expense, were useless, extravagant, ex
pensive and under no circumstances jus
tifiable "measures.
."The hurried removal and disposition of
the bodies .-'of •suspected' cases without
opportunity for examination by disinter
ested; and reputable physicians, on their
demand,' is equally blameworthy.
. ."Tho '•; manifest co-operation of your
• board . in ' establishing conditions . whicn
would inevitably have resulted in " the
quarantining of this city and State by the
other States of the Union and by the Fed
eral .Government would also of, itself be a
sufficient cau«e for your removal.
¦."¦.."AH--the'.statements herein, contained I
find and declare to be the facts and I as
sign ¦ them , as the cause ' for your * re-^,'
• moval from, : office as aforesaid. ' YoursC
etc." . E. E. SCHMITZ, ,
."Mayor, of the City and County 6i San
....-¦/. ; REMOVED/
DR;J: 4/ . : WILLIAMSON^.
DRCR: : \yrBAijM. ..-¦"...
DR:V: P. BUCKLEY.
bR:M:B:LEJVITT^y :
ArFOiniTED.
':-{DR. J.C. STINSON.
' DR.T. A. ROTTANZL
'DR. M-E. VAN- METER.
•¦DR.A.S. ADLER. : N '
THE OLD BOARD AND THE NEW.
THE "BOARD OF HEALTH j?TED " BY; MAYOR EUGENE E.
SCHMITZ. TTIE PRESIDENT; OF. THE BOARD ', OF i PUBLIC WORKS ,
AND THE CHIEF OF POLICE. EX-OFFICIO. MEMBERS., '
•"'.' Tet with full knowledge of all. the", facts
there continue to be published; and given
to the- world, lip : to^the; present day, un
der, j'our auspices 'and; authority, ¦ repeated
announcements :.of . its'contlnued existence,""
PLAGUE v NEVXR EXISTED.
''I realize that It is safer to erron the
side .of caution,! and that- it is<a matter
of eminent' propriety to be conservative
In judgment , on. 'subjects, of such grave
Importance,- in view of the disastrous
calamities .which , might \ ensue \t r'om ' neg
lect,, to observe proper, precautions in deal
ing, with possible : con taglqusVor pestilen
tial diseases. However,-, the* facts "which'
have been developed,. the conditions which
have prevailed, ; the "results .'which ",'have
been demonstrated,"- since the first alarm-'
.istf'and'iscareheadi announcements' of tho
existeiiceof this dread pest 'in oiir midst;
seem "to -me- to > have/ shown' conclusively
that-bubonic plague* did not "at "any. tiine
and does .not , now." prevail : In ; this . city. .' ;
,','Sincc the last-named date.. there bcnig
no further .active; ofliclai; participation by
these-phystcians in the autopsies; numer
ous: cases are. ngairi reported r and 'pub
lished as-true- bubonic plague cases. ' -
.:-' "Out of "thirteen 'suspected*, cases re
ported before Aprils. 1D01. arid investlsat
cd under your." authority, six • or seven
were .pronounced and published by you as
cases of; true bubonic: plague. Out of i 103
such cases i examined.'-; between 'April 8,
1U01. and ; August 27/ ; 1301, .under .'joint In
vestigation, of your board and the State
Board. of Health, .not orte authentic case
of ; plague. was discovered. « ¦-.,¦:
v' "My. investigations have been thorough
and searching. ' I, find; that ; your an
nounced conclusions are, based almost en
tirely upon bacteriological, examinations,
which, under the circumstances and' in
.the' 1 light of events, are: not ; conclusive
or .wholly reliable. "Without desiring ; to
cast any personal , reflections";; I . find that
where the work of your bacteriologist' has
been the same, results > have
not: been 'obtained as when he has acted
aloriel . , ¦I'"'.
. <"Forj three. months past I have carefully
examined and investigated all accessible
reports'' and , records, and have ¦ perspiially
inquired-. into numerous specific cases re
ported and* declared by •; you,-, and under
your authority, to hnve been cases. of bu
bonic plague. : and lam unalterably con
vinced that 'notwithstanding . your ". decla
rations'and publications, bubonic plague
has not existed and does not exist in San
Francisco. . ; '. ¦". . '¦ . ) ,.
mercial and financial interest. In declaring,
proclaiming and publishing under your of
ficial 1 sanction, and "without .'. proper foun
dation or justification -In' fact, that bu
bonic plague exists in, San, Francisco and
that It has existed Itherelri, since March
.g; iooo;- ;/ - . • . ;¦¦ ¦ \ ; .;/: ¦ '•' ." . .. ; ' :¦¦:
Four New Members
"Are Named to Fill
the Vacancies.
'"The action; thus .taken', byy me is- not
unmixed with : regret./on .account- of \ the
personality ¦. of the, officials removed ; J but,'
,in*,'the : interest- of^ the ;[city'of; San , Frah
cl/co, • andy indeed of ; the . whole : State '¦ of
California, 'and -actuated and animated- by
a -profound -realization ; of^ the .se'rioits
duties imposed 'upon: me, I see". my Way
clear , to no";othcr. - course. /Following , Is
the .'• cause for -.which' • you '. are -removed,'
to'Jwii;:; '¦''"'¦]:'':: :¦¦:¦''¦'¦'. ;'¦' " ;¦ ?*/.
il^JUSTiCE:; TO 'THE PEOPLE;
: "Continued ¦ injury. 1 ; and injustice to the
people'; ajnd icityj.joT Ba'nj Francisco >. and of
the State. of California, arid to.their com-
."Messrs. 1 J: M. Williamson, .M.Di. R. v W.'
Baum. M.D., *.\V P. Buckley, M.D., and W!
B. Lewitt/ M.D.":! Pursuant to the author-
i ty vested in .' me .by, section \ IS of article
XVI of the : charter! of. the city and'coun
ty of San Francisco, I hereby remove you
and each /of 'you, for^cause", from office
as : members' of -the 5 . Board '; of Health of
the city and county, of San Francisco, and
I herehr notify.you ;that I have appoint
ed'and<I :do ; hereby .appoint as members
of, such Board of Health .In': your '¦>¦ place
and stead Messrs. : J.: Coplin Stirison,' M.D., ;
A.:S. ' Adler, :M.D.,T.,'A/ Rottanzl, Mj.p.,'
and:'M.; E; Va« Meter; M.D.' ;
"SAN, FRANCISCO, March 23. 1002.
While the ; Mayor assigns the. foregoing
as the main reason, why he' has used, the
power . vested : In him , by the charter, •• he
also* quote's , others, which he says would
bo sufficient catTso for the removal of • the
members of the ; board. .These Include the
quarantining of Chinatown" at a : great ex
pense, which he characterizes as -.under
no circumstances a \" justifiable, "measure!
He also refers to the' hurried, disposition
of the bodies of suspected plaguecasea as
exceedingly blameworthy.' ; The; notice 'of
removal. which .was ¦served; on the mem
bers of the old board follows :
. : the/Board- of Health;yes
terday and immediately, appointed ..Drs. : J.
Coplin; Stinson, A.; S. : ' Adler, T.-A: Rot
tanzi, arid 'M.VE. Van". Meter to the yacan-.
cies created by.the removals.- .''-'¦¦','
That the Mayor intended to remove'the
four ¦ medical ¦ members ¦-'¦ of. the
Board was published in The Call exchV
slvely one month ago. The '¦ reasons , as
signed by the Mayor 'are contained in -'a
notice which was served on Drs. William
son, \Baum, Buckley.* and Lewitt early' in
the afternoon. His "Honor states in the
notice that their ¦ removal from office'; is
the result, of the incalculable injury' done
to the city and the '.State'- by. the Health
Board of which they were members ' In
"declaring without- foundation in fact that
bubonic plague \ existed I in San J Francisco.
The Mayor holds the' members named cul
pable for repeatedly 'arid persistently pub
lishing^ the false: statement to the det'ri-:
ment of 'the community. ¦ . An /exhaustive
Investigation on his, part has demoristrat-,
ed to his entire satisfaction that bubonic
plague never. ; at any time existed in- this
city,; the Mayor. states.. ¦ . >,
MAYOR -GIVES > HIS REASONS.,
jm -'. '-rATOR :. SCHMITZ : removed
/¦ /m - Dr s.' J: M.Wiinamson; v R. W.'
/ BX H'.Baum, Vincent P. -Buckley
/ W B . : and;w'illiam'B.;Lewitt'from
•A. ''~ ¦**> 1 their offices as members of
Phelan's Appointees
Ousted by Mayor
Schmitz.
Another conference :. was ; held at the
White House to-night on the subject of
Cuban reciprocity, and' was participated
in; by the President and his leaders, in
cluding Chairman Payne and Representa
tives Dalzell and Young of the Ways and
Means Committee, and Cannon, chairman
of the Republican caucus. The members
came at the invitation of the President
and' remained with him for an hour. The
conference was in the; main an exchange
of views between the executlve;and Con
gressmen on the general reciprocity ¦prop
osition, and- the.jpositive statement.; was
made that there were no new -develop
ments in the situation; and that, the pro
gramme adopted by the Republican cau
cus, providing, a 20 per cent reduction . on
Cuban Imports, would be carried out in the
House. The. Ways and; Means! Committee
has not yet reported the ¦ bill \ framed .for
the purpose of carrying' out the; caucus
plan,, which is delayed, if' is ..'asserted-; by"
the absence of one ' of ' the Republican 5
representatives from the city. •¦• •;'.'¦
CUBAN RECIPROCITY.
Secretary R*oot has requested Secretary
Hay to arrange for diplomatic representa
tion of the United States in Cuba. Pro
vision for cqnsular service will also be
made. ¦• .
General Wood will leave here. to-morrow
for Havana in order to carry into execu
tion tho plans for the transfer of the gov
ernment. It is understood that President
elect Palma will not go to Havana until
the early part of May. His plans are not
fully matured and will depend on develop
ments'in the near future.'
General Wood and all the staff officers
on duty in Cuba are ordered to report
to the Adjutant General at Washington
for Instructions as to their. future assign
ment to duty. It was stated at the War
Department to-day that nothing has yet
been settled . with regard to the futuro
station of Genera*; Wood, but that the
matter would be settled before the termi
nation of his duties in Cuba.
The order also directs the discontinu
ance of the entire military department of
Cuba and places the territory to be tem
pcrarlly retained by the United States In
the Department of the East, commanded
by Major General, Brooke.
WOOD TO EXECUTE PLANS.
All of the United States troops, except
S00 men of the coast artillery, are to be
brought to the United States as rapidly
as the transportation facilities will per
mit, between now and May 20. The re
tention of these artillerymen is for the
purpose of caring for three batteries of
coast artillery. These troops will be un
der command of Colonel William L. Has
kln of the artillery corps, now on duty
at Fort Trumbull, Connecticut.
Secretary Root has made public his or
der to General Wood directing him' to
turn over the government of Cuba to its
people on May 2jO. next. The order fe-,
quires the Cuban Government to assume
all treaty obligations, and directs General
Wood to continue an artillery force, to
avoid leaving the island entirely defense
less, until the Cuban Government shall
have an opportunity co organize its own
force. General Wood is ordered to con
vene the Cuban Congress before May 20.
He also is directed to consult with Presi
dent-elect Palma and substitute such per
sons as he shall ¦ desire for ' those now
holding official positions in Cuba.
TO TURN OVER ISLAND. »•
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 2»-At a con
ference this afternoon between Secretary
Root and General Wood and President
elect Palma,. Senor Tamayo, and Senor
Quesada, representing Cuba, there "was
practically settled the important question
of sites where the United States will ac
quire coaling stations. The administra
tion had been anxious to establish sta
tions at Havana and Nipe'Bay, oh the
northern coast of Cuba, and Guantanamo
and Clenfuegos, on the southern coast.
President-elect Palma emphatically told
Secretary Root that the Cuban people
would never consent to the location by,
the United States, or any other foreign
government, of a naval station in the har
bor of Havana. They will gladly carry
out the terms of the Platt amendment
with respect to the sale or lease of sites
for coaling stations .in the Island, but
they feel that their capital; should belong
entirely to themselves- and that no. other.,
the Cuban flag should wave within
its boundaries. f
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
A peace element endeavored to stop the
-proposed lynching, and a. committee con
sisting of Robert Patterson, banker; Dr.
Fleming; Charles* Dearborn, County
Treasurer, and other prominent citizens
asked the privilege of trying to get from
Wallace a confession. ' This was granted
and the negro was taken into the Court
house. After half an hour, the word went
out that rfce Courthouse doors were locked
and that the committee would try. to pre
vent a lynching. Immediately pandemo
nium reigned, hurled. at the
building until every , window; was broken.
Then with a telegraph -po!c: for .¦ a bat-,
tering ram the crowd- broke in : the doors
and Wallace was taken out."
Mayor Fred A. Babin made a speech to
DBAG THE NEGRO.
DISCOVERY OF. WALLACE.
Reaching the long depot platform she
fell in a swoon and lay there until dis
covered by one of the railroad m^n. She
was picked up and carried into the depot.
The police were immediately notified and
doctors summoned. . Under the treatment
of physicians Mrs. Miller soon recovered
enough to tell the story of her assault.
She gave a minute description of her as-
Failant. This description was recognized
by the railroad men as fitting W. H. Wal
lace, a Pullman car porter. Wallace was
found in the car of which he had charge
and was arrested.
Fearing a lynching Sheriff Farr decided
to take the negro to Pueblo, j When his
intention became' known, however, the
railroad employes declared that he could
,not travel by rail as they would refuse
to operate a train out of La Junta with
.Wallace on board; The Sheriff placed his
prisoner in a carriage and started for
Sugar City, on the Missouri Pacific, twen
ty miles north. At that place he was too
late to catch the train for- Pueblo and
then decided to drive throush^
Meantime an armed party had left La.
Junta to overtake the Sheriff. and prisoner.
The carriage was finally overhauled at
Patterson Hollow, midway . between
Rockyford and Manzanola. Sheriff Farr
made no resistance and Wallace did not
ask for mercy. The carriage was turned
back toward La Junta. Passing through
Rockyford the mob was joined by 500 men
of that town. La Junta was reached
about 7 o'clock, where thousands of men,
•women and children, many from the sur
rounding country.awaitedthem.
It was one of the most brutal crimes
ever committed in this vicinity, and the
aged victim was left for dead in an iso
lated section of the city by" her fiendish
assailant. ¦ i
ATTACK ON WOMAN.
— JJrs- MHler. arrived las t. ntjpot- in a-tour,
ist car on train 2, known ip the Califor
nia Limited, running between Los An
geles and- Chicago. . The Strain arrived
here at 10:50 o'clock. Mrs. Miller got off
the train, intending to leave for Denver
at 3:25 this morning. Seeing a negro ir. a
Pu Iman porter's uniform she asked him
where the Denver sleeper was. He said
he would show her the car and she
walked with him through the railroad
yards for a considerable distance. Finally
she told her, companion she would go
back to the depot. He struck her on the
head with his fist, partly stunning her,
and then carried the woman to an ice-
hbuse near by. £rrp,yl.
By this time Mrs. Miller had recovered
somewhat and began to struggle violently
in her efforts to release herself. The
negro struck her several times on the
head and then to stop any possible outcry
closed his fingers on her throat until she
ceased her struggles. About 12 o'clock
Mrs. Miller recovered consciousness. She
was stiff with cold and so badly wounded
that she could hardly walk. She could
not utter a sound above a whisper, so
cruelly had she been choked. She crawled
back to the depot, following the tracks
so that she might not become lost.
LA JUNTA, Colo., March. 25.— W. H.
Wallace, a negro sleeping-car porter, was
lynched about 8 o'clock to-night in a cor
ner of the Courthouse square, being
hanged to an electric light pole by a>
howling* mob of 4000 people, who have
been hunting for him all day.' After the
hanging the body of the negro was
riddled with bullets. Wallace had been
kept out of town all day by Sheriff
Farr in an attempt to save him from the
mob. The prisoner made no resistance to
the lynching and died protesting his in
nocence. V..-'.',': '.' r ',
Mrs. Henrietta H. Miller, a gray-haired,
v.'oman, aged 67, who was going from Los
Angeles to Denver to visit relatives, was
brutally assaulted and outraged by Wal
lace in the Santa Fe Railroad yards here
between 10 and 11 o'c ock last night.
After reporting the bill on Thursday.
Chairman Hitt is -hopeful of being able to
bring it to early consideration before the
House.
In other respects the measure Is prac
tically the same as that agreed upon by
the Pacific Coast interests, with certain
amendments made from time to time.
The prohibition against Chinese sailors
on American ships was struck out, thus
permitting such Chinese sailors to be cm
ployed. The term Chinese was made to
Include all those who are Chinese by birth
or descent, leaving out the reference to
mixed, etc. The committee also struck
out the fee of $3 to the United States
Commissioner for passing on every case
under the act.
The committee struck out the clause re
quiring the United States District Attor
ney to be present at all deportation pro
ceedings and requiring at least two cred
itable witnesses other than Chinese to
establish the right to remain In the
United States.
The committee considered that the orig
inal bill was too severe in making It a
felony for any officer to neglect to retain
a Chinese person seeking admission and
the penalty was reduced to misdemeanor.
The original bill also subjected a vessel to
forfeiture in case it brought over forbid
den Chinese, but the committee changed
this to a fine of $2000 against the owner or
master of the vessel and forfeiture in case
the fine is not paid.
SEDUCES PENALTIES.
¦were In such insular possessions at the
time of acquisition by the United States,
as to those who have come there since,
and those who may be born there here
after."
FOB THE PHILIPPINES.
In addition^ the, committee framed the,
following new section, specially directing
the Philippine Commission. to put the ex
clusion law Into force:
"That the Philippine Commission are
hereby authorized and required to make
all regulations necessary for the enforce
ment of this act in the Philippines."
San Juan. P. R.. was struck out from
the list of ports where Chinese may enter,
as it was feared there would be a Chinese
influx at that point, owing to the lack of
sufficient official force to make careful
inspection. The other more important
changes made by the committee are as
follows:
Certificates of identification of Chinese
must be accompanied by photographs, at
the expense of the Chinese. In addition
to San Francisco and the other ports sps
cifically mentioned for the examination
and , admission of Chinese the Commis
sioner General of Immigration is author
ized to designate such other ports as may
be necessary.
"And the prohibition shall apply to all
Chinese laborers, as well as to those who
"WASHINGTON, March 25.— The House
Committee on Foreign " Affairs to-day
completed consideration of the Chinese
exclusion bill and by a practically unani
mous vote ordered it favorably reported
to the House. The measure has been
most carefully considered for more than
a month and it comes from, the committee
¦with quite a number of changes. The ex
clusion of Chinese laborers Is made com
plete, both as to the mainland territory of
the United States and all Insular posses
sions, including the Philippines and Ha
waii. The committee finally restored the
prohibitory clause recommended by the
Pacific Coast Senators .and members, so
that, as reported, it reads:
Changes Ordered by
Foreign Affairs
Committee.
All Troops to Leave
Except the Coast
Artillery.
Body of Victim Is Rid
dled With Many
Bullets.
Government of Island
to Be Turned' Over
May 20.
Favorable Report to
Be Made to the
House.
Assailant of a Woman
Meets a Speedy
Death.
¦ ¦ ; — • " . ¦ t . . • i ,- ¦
Uncle Sam Is Denied
Naval Station at
Capital.
Committee Finishes
Bill Providing for
Exclusion.,
Colorado Mob Hangs
a Negro at H a%
Courthouse.
AMENDS
CHINESE
MEASURE
CUBANS
TO HOLD
HAVANA
CITIZENS
LYNCH A
RUFFIAN
71/T AYOR SCHMITZ used the authority vested in him . by the charter yesterday to remove, Drs. Williamson, Baiim, Buckley' av J Lczvittffvmthe^ Mayor : Phelan. Mayor Schmitz
1 * * in a long communication notifies the ousted members that he has removed them for cause, the main charge being that they Jiavc^ by publishing, under their official
sanction, the unfounded statement that bubonic plague has existed in Sain: Francisco. Other causes arc enumerated, which of themselves,. acco'rdm him in ' dismissing. the recalcitrant miynbers. Mayor
Schmitz immediately appointed Drs. J.C. Stinson, A. S. Adlcr, M.E. Van Meter and 7\ A:. Rottand to M the vacancies: : ::.- . ¦'¦¦ . . ,¦ ..
MAYOR SCHMITZ REMOVES FOUR REMAINING MEMBERS OF OLD
BUBONIC HEALTH BOARD AND APPOINTS THEIR SUCCESSORS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— XO. 116.
SAN IPBAiSblSGb^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.;"STDNEYXNN S.: I-W-V, Mar C h;25.— A- compul^
sory industrial, arbitration--, court" has been (
established", here., 'The j> membership . includes
representatives ¦ of : the , employers and employes r
Attacks ' Oleomargarine;,
WASHINGTON, March 25.— A aharp at
tack on the .pending, oleomargarine bill
was made In. the* Senate to-day "by Money
of ? Mississippi. Hfe' denounced -tlie meas
ure ; as unconstitutional."- dtshonest "im
moral and unjust, ,j He said iuwaa a* prop
osition -, to tax out of existence one indus
try for ithe;.beneflt of another, and was
"protection gone mad.",
Hansbrough of North" Dakota began an
argument in support of the measure but
yielded the floor :unttt to-morraw • -'-?'
REDDING, March 2&.— R. J. Graham,
neatly attired and polished of. manner,
stepped.; from., the ' County,? Jail , to-day a ¦
free man,; after nine '-.weeks; spent in the
tanks , awaiting trial ' for. f eldny embezzle
ment. The "charge •' against" him was pre^
f erred • by • a • San > Francisco firm. It was
dismissed" becajuse . there was insufficient
evidence, to v convict.': Now- Graham pro
poses to place his'case'in the Jiands-of a
San' Francisco, attorney and sue the flrm
for; damages fo.r .false imprisonment
" * From theiCdunty 'Jail in
Bedding.
rprmer San .rranclscan • .Beleased
WILL SUE -FOB ' DAMAGES
FOR FALSE .'IMPBISONMEUT
SAYS THAT HE HAD • '
BULLETS FOR McKINLET
Wisconsin SherifE ( Tells ' the Details
of Admissions Made by ;,
: • -.- Burglar.
MILWAUKEE. Wis. , . March 25.-A spe
cial to the. Sentinel from Barabooi \Wls.,
says : . : Sheriff ; Slackhaus told ¦ to-night the'
details of the . confession rf made'v by -¦¦. J.
Stelnman,; a" convicted burglar/ that* he
was implicated V in? the ¦ McKInley assas
sination.: The Sheriff said-thaf Stelnman'
the man he^took'to-Waupun Saturday < to
serve 'a sentence 'for burglary; was one'of
thfl^ worst looking criminals he 'ever had
to deal .with; • : : . .¦ • ¦...-•. ¦"., .¦ ¦¦ ..
¦ While' on the train bound for Waupun
Stelnman pointed to : his red ; necktie . and
said to. the Sheriff , that it stood for blood
and ; then, told I that - he was " the accom
plice of Czolgosz,:the assassin of Presi
dent McKinleyr and'- bound- the" handker
chief around the murderer's, hand in^ his
preparation for .the", terrible^ crime .''He
further, said, that=:he= was near Czolgosz
when . he v fired the, -shot; and -was : ready
with two revolvers loaded , with : poisoned
bullets j to do^ , the ;* work "• had > Czolgosz
failed. Sheriff Slackhaus- believes N what
Stelnman 1 has told '. him.-? IJis • home la •' in
New Jersey; .-but. for * over a- yearihe ha<»
been- living in .Philadelphia; • VHe "cam!
west about six months ago. •
Shoot a Man and Kill Him.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., March '25.—
At' Keokuk ; ; Falls, h' Mn "Poitawattamie
County,; two men shot.'arid' killed a' mari
named ) Martin; proprietor • of ; . at distillery;
at • his « home,', robbed him, > and then, af t&r
saturating his body -with oil; ifired.it and
escaped.' The* flames were "extinguished,
but; the body, was badly 'burned. The men
had - ordered : Martin .' : to . : , thrqw : up r his
hands, instead -he reached: 1 for^hls' re
volver, when .they shot hlni: -I?-"
DANGLING FROM A' TREE.
' WASHINGTON, N. ' C. , March 25.-The
body of Jamos Walker; the: 19-year-old
negro who poisoned . the , : . whole family of
D /\P^y I<J ,-V- Tay . lor P f » the. State '.Board
of Medical . Examiners, s.wa3 " found dang
ling from, a limb of a gum -tree; on the
Greenville road. Just outside : of ¦ the ¦ town
limits here. -.early this morning. A man
coming to town ran into the ¦ body.' which
hung out over, the walking ( path. The
Coroner's -jury brought In a verdict that
the negro came to. his death by lynching
at the. hands of unknown persons. ¦
CLAY BANK TOPPLES
AND KILLS SIX -MEN
Disaster. Suddenly ; Comes Upon La
\ *¦- : borers .Working at a Gas- "
light Plant:..,* 1.: ; : ".
•CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 25— As the
result of a cave'-lnYof a bank of : earth at
the Main street : plaritl of the j Cleveland
Gaslight J anfl Coke : Company . this after
noon six men are deadi ' Their names^are:
- COLGERE AMATi; aged 27 years?" V- >
GISIPPI BERGA2ZI, aged27.
VINCENT LUGASSO. aged 48.
ANDREW HAHN,.aeed- 25. ...
; PETER PREST.aged 28; * : ¦ V" .
.An-Italian" whose name nas not*yet been
learned; Is: also dead.., Edward Leych, an
other laborer, was injured, but not seri
ously. The men 'were '¦ working- close to
;a;-bank of clay when; it suddenly gave
way without the slightest warning,-' bury
ing them beneath themass of.earth. Fel
low ¦ workmen began ; the work of. rescue
and in a short, time /six. of ;the men had
:beeri taken out. ... Some of them were" alive,"
iothers were already dead.thelr lives hav
ing been smothered out. •.-.The* living- were
St'aken to L nearby; hospitals., but dled\,.en
jroute. Workmen ; employed "at ' the ,scehe
of, the disaster gave as a cause of the fall
of the clay the thawing of the ground
by the sun. . . .< . - , ',. '-. '
John Baker, an old hunter, was the first
man to definitely/ announce that he had
seen evidence of something '. mysterious
operating- in- the foothills adjoining "Nlgr
ger. Hill. ' In corroboratlon of -Baker's
suspicions, Louis Leonard relates that the
patent : fastening on his corral gate was
opened arid 4iis - cattle stampeded out . of
the f corral. Postmaster John Slzelone's
family report having seen a brilliant light
flitting around on a dark night, accompa
nied by a faint noise as of some ' animal
being choked. • '•¦, ¦ .• • •
'Percy Duffytfias decided to move away
from t his place, • owing to unpleasant
ghostly visitations,',, and William Collins
has declared that he will take his cattld
'to another range several miles away from
where the ghosts are now operating.
'^Itis proposed to Call a' meeting of resi
dents on" the route of the ghosts to pre
pare'a : petition to" the County . Commis-' 1
slpners to have the body of the negro-re-
moved. "SfBKISSfflSSmXKBBBMS
, A few weeks ago Charles Stowell, a pio
neer of Callspell, committed suicide -In
Spokane.; Stowell owned a fine, farm and
one of the best residences in the valley. It
Is located' about. three miles from where
the "negro is burled, "and It'is thejsettlers
on the road between. these two places that
are; in dread of ghosts. Seldom do the
men go to the postoffice after- dark. . " . -
SPOKANE, ': March 25.— The ghost3 • of
two departed residents of CallspeU Valley
are creating no end of fear and trouble
among the settlers. After. the killing of
a negro named Hart seven years ago mys
terious noises and lights heard 'and seen
among the hills were attributed to the
negro's .. ghost.. Especially 'unwelcome
"were these in the vicinity of "Nigger
Hill," where the colored man was buried;
REDDING. March 25.— WhU© the pupil*
at the Copper City School were enjoyin*
their recess yesterday afternoon, a veiled
woman drove up in a buggy, sprang out
arid seized the eizht-year-old son of Jay
Smith. Tossing the- screamlnsr and kick
ing hoy- Into the vehicle, she put the whip
to' the horse and disappeared. The strange
Woman was recognized by several who
saw her. She was the boy's own mother,
though not his father's present wife. The*
boy had been living with his father and
grandmother, in Copper City.
A. messenger overtook the father oa the
way to Redding., He turned back-to. Do
'la Mar and summoned Constable ?H.' 5*.
Williams and the two took up the'ehaae
of "the kidnaper: '" " -- x^ . -^%; ¦
Four; years ago : Jay, Smith, the' well
known stage man,' was divorced from his
3 - Pt" co^T t ' him the : , cus
tody of the. only child, a boy of 4 years.
Mrs. Smith has resided in- various places
since 'that time and three-pionths ago she
married Ed Smith, a painter of De let Max
The .mother s ; love* even, after years of
separation,, apparently .prompted the
woman to steal -back her child.
No trace has been' found of the woman
?Z * vnf t0 bo 7-*v They are somewhere In
the hills. The father. swears he wiU have
his boy back again. ™
RECORDS OF APPOINTEES:
Graduates of Leading Institutions of
This Country and Europe.
Of the members of- the new Health
Board Dr. J.. Coplln.SUnson is a graduate
of the University. «f- Trinity,;- Toronto,
later of Trinity Medical College, and af
terward of the College of Phyilciana and
Surgeons. Ontario. He also graduated
from the University of the State- or New
York. He was^an honor graduate' of the"
University of Trinity, and was the firet
silver, medalist of Trinity. Medical Ccr
!^F e -, , He w : a « !ater house surgeon and
physician of the New York Post Gradu
cte Medical School and Hospital • He Is
%, member of the SarK t Francisco ' Oountv
Medical Society. S*n' Francisco Clinical
and State of California Medical societies
end a member of the American Medica'
Aesociaticn.
nP^'W^;.? 01 ! 1 *". 1 !? 11 **? a son of the;late
Dr. A. Rottanzi. He is a native of this
RHEA OF KENTUCKY - - -
- LOSES SEAT IN 'HOUSE
Moss, . Who Is Considered a • Republi
'-;-.r - - can, Is Accorded the
..Place.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— The House
to-day, by a majority, of-. ten. unseated
Rhea of Kentucky, a. Democrat, and seat
edtin -his 1 , place* J. McKenzie Moss, who
was formerly a Democrat.- but who; ac
cording to his brief," Is in accord with 7 the
Republican party on ' the dominant issues;
The Republican majority In * the House
I? forty-three. While only two Republi
cansT-Hanburj'' .and' Vreeland 'erf .New
York — voted with -the 'Democrats, . enough
Republicans- declined to .vote to^reduce
the majority to ten. -The conclusion - of
the debate on the case was rather spirit
ed, Rhea making an eloquent defense of
his right to the seat. ' . v
After the vote the House began : con- '
Eideration of the army 'appropriation bill,
with . the understanding that general' de
bate should continue for ten hours. Scar
borough of South. Carolina- discussed thi'
Southern election laws, and ? Gaines of
Tennessee the Philippine situation. •
WRAITHS ALARM
TIMID SETTLERS
WOMAN KIDNAPS
HER OWN CHILD
WASHINGTON,' March 25.— President
Roosevelt" will spend the' larger "part of
summer : at- his home : at Oyster .Bay."; If
the state of public. business will allow ho
will leave- Washington immediately after
the adjournment of^Congress in June and
remain, away -during , the jj warm months.
It' is barely possible " that . some time s In
, the fall he may^go to the"Adirondacks for
' a brief hunting" trip, but n6 plans looking
beyond his summer at Oyster
Bay have been made and he has not rent
ed the cottage of H." McK. Twombley at
Paul Smiths. ; . - ¦• .
.;¦ Mrs.. Roosevelt i and . the children will
probably start for. Oyster. Bay some -time
.before the adjournment of Congress- and
¦ establish the household.'.; Theodore .Roose
velt Jr. is 'slowly but steadily recovering
from his recent serious illness. . He is ablo
to be about, the -, White* House and/when
the weather ¦ permits takes a . short • drive
'.with, his mother. \ He will, not return 'to
school again this season. After President
and Mrs. Roosevelt return from, their trip
to Charleston Mrs. Roosevelt and'young
Theodore 1 may go down to the seashore
fora-short stay. '. : .- } ". ¦• ..¦• s - -•¦
President Roosevelt .yesterday received
;an: invitation to* visit the. little town of
Waterloo, • In, South Carolina,- where re
sides the Rev. James Bullock Dunwoodey. 1 .
a venerable minister who performed the
marriage ceremony of ;" the. President's
father and mother. j. :..-..,.
to Oyster: Bay for Recrea
'¦¦ ¦'¦ :": . tion.' -¦/ :-'¦':
PRESIDENT PREPARES ; '
. V .'"¦; FOR HIS VACATION
When Congress Adjourns He Will Go
,. Mrs. -Miller came. to, Los "Angeles from
San • Francisco, 1 but '.had lived in « Denver
and also. In Pueblo^; She Is a native of
Canada.- She had no relatives in Los An
geles or: Southern California.
I the crowd, counseling them to letUhe law
take its course: He was. listened to, but
Las soon? as he flnisned th*e crowd .moved
(¦¦down' "the street, . dragging the negro by
•a ro:ie.--r : .'•"¦¦• > '-,\;-- .;•'•.• *.lt>^ ¦ : \ ¦
S , A .¦ Doy .-' was sent up : a 1 telegraph pole
with tne rope.'"-"-. It- was, thrown -over the
crossbar and the end dropped . Into the
crowd. .sMany hands-grasped it; and in an
insfant:the negrft". was iiVihe'air".;. Hardly
had the boy climbed down out* "of dan
ger when scores of pistols were drawn,
and before the negro's body; reached- the
.top of- thepole it was riddled with bul
lets.. t .•:. ':. ¦-'. . • ",i •
At' a late Hour to-night the body had
not been taken down. The. Coroner lives
at. Rockyfordi , • ¦¦¦¦-- ¦ . " . .
!? Walla.ce lived With his wife at 2157 Law
! rence street, Denver.. He is said to have
come here from ' Sedalia,' Mo., and had
been employed by the railroad compaiiv
tor. several years. ' Mrs. Miller Is slowly
improving. 1 ¦' • ... .-;<.-/ .
LOS ANGELES, March 25.— The identity"
of Mrs. Henrietta' Miller', who was as
saulted at La Junta, Colo., • has been es
tablished. Secretary Stewart of the As
..sociated Charities said to-day that Mrs.
Miller had become stranded here and ap
plied to the association for a loan to en
able her to return to. her old home at
Denver. • . The . loan was made and the
association purchased the ticket for her.
Tha, address she gave was the Ai llngton
Hotel, on South Flower 'street, and he
said v she '. had been '¦ here • since October ""
1801. Shfe did housework- and told the of
ficers of the association .that if she could
get back to Denver, she could find em
ployment despite her advanced age and
physical infirmities. The woman was very
deaf and also had an Impediment in her
speech.'" -. - •¦¦¦¦¦-....- . ';i-.<v
Continued From Page One.
ClfiZENS LYHCHVa flUFFIAN;
BERLIN, March 25.— The .Department of
Agriculture has gathered through Ger
man .consnls and^ special agents -samplfe3
of a variety .of. .¦'Eur i Qpean,.meat products.
From analysis It' has been learned that
these meats show; a 'general use of borax,
and '¦ that some sausages contain- borax in
large quantities. :¦• . - -.,. »
. A correspondent. -of the. ¦; Frankfurter
Zeitung affirms ; that chemicals. are much
more largely used in the preparation :of
meats in than /in the United
States because the system of cold-storage
used . in * the .• latter country ' Is . little in
vogue here. . ' .;. : ' . . [
Slmpllcissimus, an illustrated Journal
noted for the brutality 'of its cartoons;
' and which has .of teft been { confiscated by
the ¦ police . because of Its 'irreverence
toward high, personages, appears . to-day
with a' drawing representing Miss Alice
Roosevelt at sea in an open. boat," an Im
mense fat' hog in one : end of the boat
and Miss Roosevelt . standing . in .the- other
holding. a' pig wrapped in the Stars and
Stripes.; This drawing As inscribed: "We
received your Prince; you must admit our
"hogs.",. ; . '. ."• >, ,.. .: ._ ., .-, ... i ..¦
companying Hogs to the
. Kaiser's Empire. '
Kiss Roosevelt Is Represented as Ac-
GEBii AN. PAPER INSULTS .'
PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER
DAUGHTER, OF THE KING OF
DENMARK,' WHO WILL VISIT
COPENHAGEN. ¦¦.-.' . .. '^
Richard' Hospes, cashier of the German
Savings Bank, - the next witness, : testified
that I Meysenberg • received | about ; J900a on
a check made out in favor of Stock an\
Meysenberg. .This amount .was provided
for by a note ¦ signed by Henry Nicolaus
and Charles H. ; Turner, ¦ president of \the
Suburban Railway Company.', Turner, the
witness said, "brought-, the: note to the
bank .with instructions to turn the pro
ceeds over to Philip Stock. ¦ The check
was shown in "court and identified.
Charles H. Turner, president of, the
Suburban " Railway; Company," testified
that Philip Stock was. the lieglslative agent
of the Suburban when bill No. 44 to secure
a certain franchise was in the Municipal
Assembly. '.-'.', . ., . . . .
¦ In reply to questions Stock said that he
was employed by.the Suburban Railway
Company to get its franchise bill through
the municipal assembly. Stock said that
February 2, 1901, he and, Charles Kratz^
a member of the municipal assembly,
called . together on Meysenberg.. Kratz
tolk Stock that Meysenberg was "sore"
because the Kinloch .Telephone Company
had frozen him out of the St.' Louis Elec
tric Construction Company. • Meysenberg,
the witness, said, had 200 -shares of the
stock of; the j latter company. "The wit
ness testified that he said he would .give
19000 for, this' stock, although it was of no
value.'.'and he did. ". Meysenberg';*' he said,
remarked* that he did not take the money
tot "bind", him in working for! the'Suburban
franchise bill. The witness said the money
waspaldto Meysenberg ln : th$ presence
of former'^ G6uncilman -Charles - Kratz.
Stock testified that Kratz said' the money
was to ! "earn Meysenberg's good will.",
•Asked .what led up- to this -transaction,
Stock said that he saw Kratz about the
Suburban bill that was being held up in
the railroad : committee, of which Mey
senberg was a. member. Circuit Attorney
Folk, in answering an objection of At
torney .'Lehmann:of the defense to' the
question asked, sa!d: ; " .-:• -' . .
"I propose to.show.that.Kratz, who was
the go-between with Stock and-Meysen
berg, went to Stock and demanded $75,000
to pass, the Suburban bill. Stock -declared
that this was too much and. the amount
was reduced , to $60,000. This money .was i
•for i Kratz, to- be used among his associ
ates to pass the franchise, measure.- The
money "was paid out by Cashier Hpspes
of the German Savings Institution. Sub
sequently it. was taken to the Mississippi-
Valley Trust Company arid .there depos
ited in a security box. To this box one
keyOwas handed to. Phil Stock and an
other to Brlnkmeyer, -who afterward de
livered it to Kratz.". -. - . •
ST. LOUIS, March 25.— "When the trial
of Emil A. Meysenberg, a member of the
House of -.Delegates, on the charge of
bribery, was resumed . In Judge Douglass'
court today Philip Stock, a brewer, was
called as a -witness for- the State.
siderably damaged by the gale. ¦ Th^lajt"
ter's steering gear was earned away. The
Beams of, the other boats were- torn open
and they.were leaking. so badly, that tney
had to be docked for repairs.
cuy ana- was eaucatea, in me pumic
schools of. San Francisco. He graduated
from Coqper Medical College in. Novem
ber, 18S7, and was a member of the Board
-of- Supervisors -and chairman of the Fi
nance Committee in 1&J7-98. He gained
/fame,as-tHe".framer. 5 o/-the anti-high hit
ordinance.- He was a of 'the
Sixth California Regiment, U. S. V.. dur
ing the • Spanish ..war.- He'- c recently . j e-^
turned, from:, a tour - : of one' and a half'
years ini'Eurpr>e. a -'i *-' 3 — '
Dr. Van Meter is a native of Illinois.
He was.borri in-Lasel e ; arid when "quite
young raoved with nis parents to Linn'
County.-t-Missouri. . At the-age of 22- he
toon up\Hhe study of medicine and grad
uated frdm-;St. Joseph's Medical Collej?e
of St. Joseph, Mo.'- Four years later 'he
took a post graduate course in the St.
Louis Medical College. He came to Cali
fornia,in .1885 and . established- at Rod
Bluff, F^r two ;years. he { was/ 1 railroad
•surgeon. In 1889 he took a. fulr course at
the California Medical College and grad
uated in 1890. He moved to ; San Fran
cisco and was appointed to the chair of
clinical and orthopedic, surgery in the
•California Medical Co lege, which position
he held for eight terms. He Is manager
jand chief writer for the California 'ai^di
<jal Journal/ ;,. '*- . - ¦ . :> ,
•'Dr. Albert S. Adler Is •! a -¦•native; of.' San ;
Franclscb. -.He graduated from the .Uni
-verclty of the Pacific and. also from the I
Oymnasium of Frankf ort-on-the-Main, i
Germany. He- also; graduated from the
Frlederich-Wllhelm - .-.- University, •¦ : Bcr in.
"Gei-many. in . 1S79.- He took ¦&.'" special
course at the universities of Leipsic and
Vienna. In 1881 he. was- assistant- army
..surgeon, U. S. A.,; and participated In the
Indian campaigns in Arizona against the
Apaches. He-was- present at-the- capture
of Geronimo. Subsequently, he practiced
his profession in Tucson. Ariz., In 1892 he
removed to this city. He is examining'
city physician of I the . Mount Zion .'Hos
pltal. •-.••-; ..- ¦':-•¦ -v--, :.- '¦-¦'. ; . •
COPENHAGEN,; March ' 25. - The
opponents' to the sale of the Dan
ish West Indies to the "United.
States intend to make a desper
ate effort to induce. Queen Alex- j
andra-and the Dowager Empress of Rus
sia, daughters of the King of Denmark,
to Intervene arid prevent the ratification
of the treaty by the'.L&ndthlng. .. .
• The, Dowager Empress and the". Queen,;
both of whom are reported-to be r opposed.
to the sale, are expected here in a day or
two. The opinion in well informed circles
"is that such intervention, even could It be
Bet in motion, would prove Ineffective.
Confidence is felt that tne Landthing.wltl
ultimately ratify the treaty, ; though It
may possibly insert a plebiscite -clause.
The Landthing at a secret meeting to
day, arrived at no-conclus.on and pest- ¦
poned discussion of the treaty j until
April 3. • -" - . : • " - r, .
LONDON, March 25.^- Very heavy seas
are running: in the English Channel and
the; Irish Sea. iA' number of vessels are
in distress. ! Queert Alexandra's intend-ed
departure . this morning ' for j Copenhagen
was postponed in consequence of the gale.
The torpedo boat destroyers Zephyr,- Fer
vent and Zebra put into Portsmouth con-
INDUCTED INTO OFFICE.
.At.S.o'clock In the'afternpoii the Mayor
i«ft-his. jbffice, accompanied by. Dr. James
"VJV Ward,- whom he appointed on the
Health Board last January, and Drs. Stln
eon.' .Van Meter. -Rottanzi t&e
newly appointed 'members/ who had filed
th£lr oaths of. ' office '¦ with Hh* County
Clerk, and 'proceeded forthwith- to-the-"of
fice of the Health Board. ', Arriving there.
Mayor- .Schmltz.. addressed James ...A,
Emery, secretary of the Health Boardi* as
follows: > . • '..:.;.-. . s v . •-., ¦
¦?"Slr. -Emery.* r wish to notify ycu4ha£
I? have removed the four old .members- of
the Board of Health and have appointed
these: gentlemen, Drs. gtinsqn.. \ y an.Mfiteri
Adler^ And I Rottanzi in their ' places, --.I
have .served notices of their removaJ.im
D_rs. .Williamson. Baum. v- Buckley -cV&nVi
Wwltttj The Chief of Police has also been
notified of 'toy course in th#,;matter."' v j
. Dr. vWard, as the; senior, member 'oft the
board. 1 -* th*n called a special .meeting in
the assembly room &nd .alsatobk th£-fcha*r
temporarily../ ' • *;'-¦¦ V V •
j ,""As the nevr appointees have come to
gether for the first time," said JDr.. Ward
"I wish to know the pleasure, of <£he
beard." i -. i- ¦':' . ',¦/-; . .
-Dr. Rottanzi then proposed the name of
Dr. Stlnson for temporary: president v and
tSe latter' was elected: • Rottanzi • also
moved that all the appointees of the
Health Board be retained in their posi
tions for the present, which motion was
carried. The board then^ adjourned, to
meet to-day at 12 Kft A conference of the
new board was held Immediately after
ward in the Mayor's office and 'it wia
agreed that Dr. Ward will be elected per
manent president at to-day's meeting. •
/The old board will not give up without
a. struggle. The four deposed members
have retained Gavin McNab and Stephen
V. Costello to take the matter to the
courts. ; '¦¦ s ._ . :'.---\ .\
JOr. Stlnson takes the place vacated by
ur. Williamson, whose term would have
expired Januarr 8, 1903. thus giving the
former but nine months to serve. Dr
Adler succeeds to Dr. Lewitt's term
which expires January 8, 1905. Dr. Rot
tanzi-replaces Dr. Baum. whose^'term
would have e'xplred on January 6. 1904
and Dr- Van Meter supersedes Dr. Buck
ley, whose term would have ended on
January 8, 1904. All the appointments are
for the unexpired terms.
notined the Board of . Supervisors of. his
action in the following communication:
- - • -¦-. -¦ - , "MARCH 25, 1902. ;
"To the ; Honorable the Board of Su
pervisors—Gentlemen: . I have the honor
to noUfy you that under section 18, article
XVI. of the charter of £he city and county
of San Francisco, I have this day for
cause removed from their offices as mem- '
bers -of the-Board of Health of the dty
and eounty of San Francisco, Drs. J. In.
Williamson, R. W. Baum, W. B. Lewitt
and V,; P. Buckley, and In their places
have this day appointed as such members
of ..said Board of Health Drs. J. Geplin
Stin«m, A. S. Adler, T. A. Rotlanzl and
M. . E.v Van Meter. , A- statement of the
cause for such removal is contained in the
annexed document, which, - together .with
all us contents, is hereby made expressly
a part "0*1 this notification to you. A copy
of said document was this day served on
each -Of the members of the Board of
Health so -removed. Respectfully, . - •
- • "E. .E. SCHMITZ, .
"Mayor of the City and County of San
: Francisco." ,"".;. \; . V .: .... , " .:. '. :
Brewer. Testifies in the
r St. Louis Bribery ¦
Case.
" '" r Continued Prom Page One.
STOCK SPEAKS
ABOUT STOCK
Object . Is Now to Make
• Amendments in the Pur- , ¦
•• :~chase Law. : ~ *
.:;*:';'",.¦;.: : t '.?;¦¦.'.'/. .. •_ . . . ".'.') ., . ', ¦ "- .''..'.
I LONDON,; March '25.— The. Chief Secre-
I tary for Ireland,-; George •"vVyndhain,* ijitrp-: ,
dueddthe^ Irish land .bill in :the. ; House^of
Commons* to-day..:* Wyndham said the db-"
i,ject of the.bill was to amend' the .Hand
; purchase lawl ¦ ,- The' Goyernment cbuld not .
| ignore ; the problem, owing . to ; the- aciite
crl sis- hr agriculture,
standstill,, and - in view of - the fact ¦ that
.there was.an alarming Increase in. the ad-,
vances for 'the purchase of land, owing to :
the unwillingness ; - of -the 1 ' land -owners .to
sell. i*7<.> '•'-' -' -.;= "-¦••' .¦ ¦ v ;¦"¦¦>¦' "¦¦¦'¦-
The ; main --provision" of.-; the -bH^Vauthor- ¦
izes the Land Committee to take over the!
whole .ojVpartr.of : ap'y '.estate which' the (
owner is willing to sell. : The commlssidni
will; then resell it to the tenants, but:the.
consent'i of three-quarters of- the- tenants
is necessary'- bef6re..the J .cofaimlssiojg£.: will
undertake -,to" transfer "any . papt^ot^an^
estate. -.The landlord UjImSelf"
chase part , of ¦ his estate^ I notl- ex^e'edin?
one-fifth -of Ithe total- area,> from the cbm
misslon, thus becoming\ a > tenant : pur
chaser-in; case .he-desires to continue, to.
reside on ¦ the;, estate.- The . bill does not;
provide for' compulsory" purchase. • All the;
transfer ; arrangements are :in • the .-hands,
of the commission.^and J ,are^ simplified a3.
much as-possible* ':.',* ; ;' * "¦.- ;
: The bill provides-that -cash, not exceed-'
ing $3, 000,900. to be outstanding. atlany. one
time, \ may. be' advanced 'to^tbQijcqmmis
sion by -the* exefjeque'r; thus enaltflngvpuV-i
chases to-be' made on- a vastly larger .sea e,
than eve't. before. : ; . r " ' •. '.- :
PARIS, March 25.— In the Chamber of
Deputies ..to-day; Cochin (Rightist) ques-;
tioned; the ; Government regarding the
scope of the Franco-Russian' agreement in
the Far Kast; asking how far. France was
bound thereby, ana whether.her obliga
tions extended elsewhere in Asia, and
Atrlca. ,,The foreign - Minister, Deicasse,
replied: ..' " - ¦¦.. -... ¦¦ -. - . .;";¦¦••'..
.."in order 'that France shall take action
in the way foreseen in the last paragraph
of thevagreement, the. integrity, of China
must be impaired and her development
hindered | in such a manner as ; to : create
danger .to, France's own interests. Hesi
tation : ori, the part of a great power un
der such - circumstances : would .be equiva
lent to abdication. .- , • : :. ¦ .-.
; -'.'M. Cochin sees, particularly; peril in the
north of China,- but the storm might pos
sibly, bursts in the south. ', The truth .Us
that all- the powers are cquaJly Interested
in China remaining independent and open
to the free competition of the capital of
the'whole world.-. JVe do not find In the
Far East , rival forces, .but a -co-operation*
of forces toward . the . common,; aim— the
maintenance of the status quo and gen
eral peace.". ¦ - . . .¦-;. - , ,;
ST.- PETERSBURG/ZSaturday, '.March
22.— According,: to advices - received here
from- Port a Arthur,., it .is believed there
that the real intent of the Anglo-Japanese
treaty , is ,to compel Russia- to- evacuate
Manchuria. /.The. Japanese have already,
established a Japanese-Chinese bank to
compete with- the Russian-Chinese- Bank
and a Japanese institution ¦ has secured
concessions, to explore'for gold in Man
churia?:- -¦•.. - ¦ I'ti« :,-'!¦ ¦ I
The consensus of opinion . here Is that
the effect of thtsr- Franco- Russian declara
tion in reply to the announcement of the !
Anglo-Japanese alliance will be to lessen!
the resistance which has lately developed
In China against the settlement of the
Manchurian question on 1 the lines required
by Russian Interests, and" that China,
whose attitude of resistance became more
pronounced after the , publication of the
Anglo-Japanese agreement, will now be
less inclined to act prejudically to Rus
sia's interests. ¦*>'. • ¦ • .;--•!
PEKINGr.March 25.— As a result of the!
rebellion : In i the southern part of Honan j
province-' and" the murder there of four
teenconverts, ah. edict has been issued or- |
dering the magistrate of Pi-Yang, to be i
degraded and the magistrate of Tuogpo to I
be punished. The rebels are ordered to be '
beheaded. One priest is reported missing.
The Governor; of Honan province says
that, the '.-. collections for. the indemnity
caused' the .trouble. .. . .• ,
BERLIN, March : 25.— Dispatches re
ceived ; from . New.V York and „ Washlnkton
and published " here: describe France and
Russia > as /meditating \ war upon Great
Britain and -Japan ¦ over China and ¦ as
seeking assurances -from Germany of that'
country's neutrality. The Foreign. Office
repudiates this story and avers that-Rus
sia'and! France have not" made any such
Inquiries here., •"-•---- -- :^ --.;--• • - r - .
¦.'.' -. . joctiiir©.
Alliances Appear to Be Fruit
¦ f ul of Ominous ''Con- '"life
Chief Secretary , Wynd
vham Proposes a New
-¦.'r : ;:r : Measure. :.
: Precipitat e a Great '
\l :v:;; War. : ./-'f:Q\/
France and Russia May:
MAYOB BEHOVES OLD HEALTH BOABD
Cities Jell of Old.
¦ t' Cereinoriies.r~
ST. JQSEPH. Ifo'i :itar'eri* SS.-^qhrlsUan
C. Nelson,;rallfoad"'<ioatracjl>r and..horse
xnan,'alleged to have thirteen, wives, Is In
juil htreon- tlie-chanye^of bigarhyV having
just bcen:.brought from fSan Antonio,
a exas, ,-whete hfiiwas arrested a Jew. days
ago. r "V ; •-¦>-.-••. .:;-,¦•¦;¦¦' /; _•.;..¦ .;<:;.-;¦ _ ;
Jit^XTiS^Cln S.k. Joseph be
cause the woman most active ia his pros
icutioi; was married to-'hlm > ln this -city
lutstS September.' : This,TirI3e was "Mary A.'
Parker of Plattsburg,. Mo.; Nelson acfxnUs
having 4far«e'' wives;' but-says tt:e oth«r;teu
are m j-ths. He; is said- to, be.'Swanted for
bigamy in~ "Chicago, San . Fraiicsco, -Des
iioines,'New YorK,'St. -Paul, Sumter. S.
C,; iind'.Cqnway, Ark, • His • preliminary
trial v.ilt be iu'id here*lief*r^ihe Justice
of the Peace- ; who soJemnized • his mar
riage withilre; alary A. Par&er 1 1A Sep
tenibcr.:^.: : .;¦ -./. .> ; .vi'X> !»'•;' '-¦¦'-
t OKT. 8COTX. Kan.;- JlaWh 25.— Mm. A.
F. Melburn^The most recenf wire>ofC C.
JJelson/thealifigeo: bigamist',' wno .was ar
rested in' San 'Antonio -recently, while on
hi* wedding .trip twlttr her,- has "just re
turned from San Antonio, and Is prostrat
ed. Her famlly:has gTven out a statement
declaring: that she would prose.ute Nel
son if tne authorities release him.
DES MOINES. Iowa," March 25.-Mrs.
EXM-othy Harvey, residing In Lake Pane,
this city, claims to be one of the allege!
thirteen wives of Christian C. Nelson,
now under arrest at St.- Joseph, Mo., on
a charge of bigamy. ' Nelson, according
to her story, wooed and won her just > a
year-ago. • She was a widow 45 years old.
. Nelson, she says, represented to her that
he was a wealthy horseman and desired
to take her to his big stock farm in tht
East.- To accommodate him she sold her
home,, worth $3000. for half this sum, and
entrusted the money to him.V'^He depart
ed. Ostensibly to buy a span of horses,
and was. never again heard from.
Former Spouses- in , Several
Gontragtor Is Alleged to
• Have Married Many
Times.
DIPLOMATISTS
SCENT BATTLE
IRISH LANDS
TO BE BOUGHT
JUST THIRTEEN
ARE THE WIVES
TO APPEAL TO BRITISH QUEEN
AND RUSSIAN DOWAGER EMPRESS
Opponents of the Sale of -the Danish West Indies
H ;to the United v States^ Will iJSeek in Vain the
Aid of Visiting DaughtersOof King Chriistian;IX
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MAECH 26, 190a.
2
praise
Registerjt|iice.
• All citizens miist 'register- to'
.vote at" any ' Electiotf^of "1902;
Office : open from; 8:30 a:- m;j to 5
p." ; mT,-
EVENINGfroVn/8 to 9; . - ' ;-v
>By order of the; Board of Elec T
tion ' Commissioners. '¦ . "' v^ :
THOMAS- p\vXLSH; • '
> ; Registrar; of Voters.*
WO poses
ForOnepciUar
in medicine -must be
I measured by /two %thihgs— -cost
and effect.. It cannot be hieasiired
by^ either alone^ pita's greatest jn
1 tHat medicine that' 'does the most
for the money-Trthat radically/arid
'permanently, cures;a.t".tHc4ea§t'cxV
pense. That medicine is •'. \ ;
Hood's Sarsdpdrilla
It purifies and 'enriches the blood, \cures
pimples; eczema 'and all. eruptions, '-tired."
languiH'feelings, loss of /appetite and
general debility. . . -• .V
Hood's Sars'aparllla promises to
cure arid keeDsthe promise. .
-'¦¦ ; '- - ' •'•_¦-: - *< ... .-.- - -!... - ¦ • '¦ .. •" ¦ -. • ¦
/CURES WEAJnTOI^
Insures Love and a Happy- Horn*
•-. ». : : -for-All.<',
Kow any man may quickly cure himself .«»
years of suffering from ' Mxurai wSvn«i ter
vitality, night losses, rartcocele. «c«Si Oit
largs small, weak organs to full slza anil £< en "
Simply send your name . and .addreS? »^ *^ r '
Knapp Medical Co.. 13T3 Hull buJlOUl?, twJ^
Mich., and. they will gladly send^S Jzl? oit '
cdpt with full, dlrecuona so :any mJ, re "
easily cure, himself at home. This la-Mrta^
a most generous offer, .and .the' foliowtoir? y
tract* taken from thelp daily man !££»* £ x *
men think of their' generosity.- "* MQ^« w ??a*
' "Dear Sirs: Please accept my atnea™ ?h.Cii.
for your, of recent date.- IlivTZ^ 1
treatment a thorough test and the bentflt h
been extraordinary. If has completelv hl»^Sf
me up. I am-iust aa vlgorou^.as whe'aTbol
and you cannot realize; how happy I am" y
"Dear Sirs : ¦ . Your method worked 'beami
fully.. Results w«re exactly what I n«^ii"
Strength and vigor 'have completely reSf^rh
and enlargement Is entirely .saUsfactorv" a
••Dear Sirs:- Tours 'wka received and 1 h a^
no trouble in making use o( the receipt a* di
rected. and, can truthfully , say tt J* a? b££i £
weak men. . I . am p greatly imprcA-ed la- size
strength and.,vlgor. • •¦. >« -¦-, ;.~^ e »
All correspondence fs strictly ' v 'confldentla!
mailed: In plain, sealed envelope. The recent
to hive* tt aSktDe and i*»'^t7?.n?m5
TUb signature li oa every box of the 'gtkvSam
Laxative Brpmo-Quinine Tabled ;
to* reiaody that ewea a e«M la one dta
By E)riving Out Uric Acid Poison From'the System.
v Permanent Cure Can Be Effected^
¦¦--.' I 7 But First the ' " '1
KIDNEYSMTJST BE HEALtHY.
Rheumatism,. Rheumatic Gout and All Forms of -Uric Acid
¦ Poison Are Results of Kidney Disease, and Gari Only
Be Cured by Getting Direct at the Seat of the; V.
- - : - — Trouble, the Kidneys. "
W^Ft^BR^s Safe Gvre
IS -THE ONLY POSITIVE 'CURE FOR ALL DISEASES OF
z : \ : '-H %- KIDNEY, LIVER;; BLOOD AND :¦ BLADDERS v *i
'¦¦ .w.," « ."..-•• -¦:.;: , . . »^'.' :. . Mr. Moses. C... Thompson,- one of the
>':".. "¦¦' • V. ".:.';.. {K~ ' \ • ¦' i^SS^v* best-known police officers of Boston, says
' betes and rheumatism eighteen years ago
" ":; "^Ry3t^^tSftWi99t \ T^£r- ** ' "Boston, "llass.
jfflBlWWBIHlBfiBBBg^-J^ ; ¦ "Eighteen years' experience with Warner's Safa
' "¦' ABBm'attffflBXSSBBKaBkVBf Cure ought to- satisfy any one. About eighteen
¦ ' >' ear3 a K° I was completely cured . in four months
. • MHSMBJfSaBWSWa^^gJlfefeSar % ' ofr diabetes and rheumatism, which had a pretty
JBWaawBMHMiMWHBHHI " strong hold On me. I had suffered everything.
- W&SMxSMmMmUKgiJBEBBH* ¦"- ¦ '.The Doctors had almost given me up. My faith
- lU^S/BESSK^S^mBBSa^w-'/r.. . In - Warner's Saie Cure has grown stronger since
' • * '" - "that time, as* r know a" number of the members
'¦ of the Boston police force who had suffered from
: ' 'H^aSBiMFMrflKMBW* *" kidney, bladder trouble and rheumatism have been
Vz^fZriSfigS&SIWff^W •>:? entirely cured and are well and robust men to-day:
,'.'/. wsSBBSBBN&St&H ¦ V? '¦¦¦¦¦.'•• in^fact. every one that" I have- advised to use War-
V "kSHkI r^vXH',' I ¦-»¦"*-. vner's. Safe Cure has been greatly benefited by it.
; H^^ V/ ;^b«4j ' '" : - Vl ' MOSES C. THOMPSON, Lodge No. 23. K. P.,
I^Sb Y«®B» " »V •{¦¦'¦ Station 16, Boylston St.. August 17th, 1901."
•S^Si >ffi^B '« ¦¦'-¦¦¦•'¦-¦¦" " TEST YOUR KIDNEYS.— Put some mornlr.?
'¦"¦•'¦ -BSamBa ¦•'ffrPHw ' " * ' urlrie'ln a glass or bottle, let It stand 24 hours; if
. . Hsgggf .:mHB. • " ' •, •--. there Js a reddish sediment. In the bottom of the
I^HI '""¦'¦ IB^BSI "'•¦¦¦"-¦ -"'i i glass, 'or If the. urine" Is cloudy or. milky, or if you
" MgaBi - KmSb - : '- ¦'¦"..¦'.• see particles or germs floating: about In it, your
r J tK&fiEB : - :¦" '¦•'¦'• "vkidneys are diseased and you should get a bottle of
• Jffl -"'-'BMi* '¦¦'• ': ¦:¦' SAFE CURE is purely vegeta-
'ESnw Q^Hf \ "' " . ble and contains no harmful drugs; It does not con-
' msfflfi- '¦'" IhWB - • J stlpate: It is a most valuable and effective tonic; it
iJ ; BSSB '''¦-" •''•¦^H'J 1 • "U >- -l&sa Stimulant to digestion and awakens the torpid
" : 'Bass'-' ¦' E¥"S* liver,, putting the patient into the very best recep-
¦'•¦¦"'l^^B ¦'•"'. fffl^SiZkJ^'" v * lve state for the work of the restorer of the kld-
''' TOWBf '"" * ! " JP***- 1^?^ '•*'- "~ ""y 9 It prepares the tissues, soothes inflamma-
WZSl &T /[s^i tion and Irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs
. "¦ B^W'"''i.-- % ¦¦ and heals at the. same time. It builds up the body,
'.-TfiSa ¦-•'•.* - /-*— f ¦ ". gives it strength and restores the energy that is or
... v5?'V>w. ..;. -,-v~--.." has been wasting under, the baneful suffering " of
:'-:.. "-..• 'V.v v ' / : '"'kldney disease." * : . ¦¦ ¦'¦ "' •'- "¦ '•¦
U" /' WARNER'S SAFB' CURB ,1s now put up In two regular sizes and sold by all
. druggists,- or; direct,^ at .-.i '¦ ' " " ' ," • *'¦''- -...,.•'.
# 5O CENTS AND SLOO A BOTTLE.
" >.; - ,.v ; ; -LESS THAN ONE CENT A DOSE. ,- , :
Refuse substitutes... There is pone "just as good as" "WARNER'S SAFE GTJRB."
It'has cured all forms' of-lcidney"disease during the last thirty ..ye.ars. .,; It ls'pre-
scribed by; all doctors and. used; in the leading hospitals as the only absolute curt
for all forms of disease, of the kidney, liver and bladder.-
TRIAL- BOTTLE FREE.
¦ To convince every sufferer from diseases of the liver.- kidney, bladder and blood
' that Warner's Safe Cure, will cure them, a trial bottle will be sent absolutely free
to any one who -will write the Warner Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N. Y.-, and men-
tion having seen this liberal offer in the San Francisco Dally CalL The- genuine-
ness of this offer is fully guaranteed by.the publisher.- Our doctor will send med-
ical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease, and many cos*
vincing testimonials, free, to any one who will write.
Ride through the most interesting* teYriflrorie*
in th.e world on. the^ luxurious
f 1>ALI JjIMl_rrEI> j
To 1 ; Cure Grip in ;Two Days.'
1 Laxative / Bromo-Quinlr.e ;i removes »f th» caua«.
E. W. Grove's •igaaturt, on 'every box. ' • ]
|(7 if i>i . . ',%» -p»- %-'*• '»„¦ ' : H^^
i licswitlun their reach. neirlm^^ts^t^M^m^
dia^-f YC 'y member of tin household becomes** once
anArtistaiKlpiaysChopwandSQUsaMh^
Mdl^vrith^cxiM&sjiriiltfiti^
play if at first yndatxepMfxti -SALINA, Kan., March 25.— Dr. M. E.
Phillips/chancellor of the Kansas Wes
leyan .University here, has resigned to
take the position of superintendent of the
T. M. C. A. department at Yale Univer
sity/ Before coming to Salina Dr. Phillips
¦was at- the head of the University of
• Southern California." '. ¦ ¦ •
Dn Phillips Goes to Yale.
Tsilka on suspicion of complicity In the
abduction of Miss Stone." > ,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 25.-
J. T. McManls '97 and ; Kelly ' Reece " l '02
have been appointed to fellowships In 'the
.University of Chicago. The — honor
achieved • is particularly, noteworthy. In
.that they-are the only two 'California stu
t'ents.to receiye fellowships.,.
Stanford ; Students , Honored.
CARTERS, March . 25.— A rich pay, chute
was struck yesterday" in* the Dead f Horse
mine. The. Dead .Horse was formerly
owned by Hobart and Hay ward, and > was
a famous 'gold -producer for many years,'
but of, late.lt nas not. been payings many,
dividends. »3>6^*MBJ||WBBtBBiriirt&aMHBW
Pay Chute in Dead Horse Mine.
THE' HAGUE, March 25— Wednesday's
boatr. will carry to the United ¦ States 100
beet-root ' growers from the ' province of
Steeland, who -. have. '. sold their cottages
and leave In. exDectatlon of- becoming
American citizens ajjd seeking fortunes in
the West. These " Dutch emigrants think
highly of beet-growing prospects In the
United States and- say that the industry
In Holland has lost its former profitable
ness. ' ¦ ' - /_¦¦•¦-•" ¦ ¦¦..-.
Dutch Fanners Coming "Westward.
V • for Destruction.
SAN RAFAEL, March • Jg.— Local . of
ficlals and. the Plnkertons, who have been
investigating -the recent incendiary fires, >
to-day learned that the Italian hotel andf
W.- Murray's livery . stable were to have
been destroyed last night, together with
the Cypress Villa Hotel, had not the plans
of ¦ ihe/ firebug miscarried. At the Mur
ray stable kerosene had been sprinkled
along the.baseboards of the 'building and
at th« Italian Hotel a half empty can of
coal ell and some saturated rags were
found. " ¦' . . "
George MIUs. who first reported the Cy
press Villa blaze last nlsrht>*was closely
questioned to-day. , The city has been laid
out In districts and. will .-be 'patrolled at
night. - ' ¦¦¦_¦¦ , --¦ ; -,
Cypress Villa Hotel in San k - Rafael
Not the Only Building Marked •¦
FIREBUG PLANS THBEE
£ yy BLAZES TN ONE NIGHT
NEVADA, March; 25.— Fritz , . Jacob?, a
teamster, was badly injured ten-day ; by; n
horse he was feeding. The animal knocked
him' down and' trrfmpled upon him. The
owner 1 of ' the horse; Joaquln Lopez, had
to beat It. off: with a club. When Jacobs
was rescued, he was. unconscious. He has
a fractured skull, a lacerated arm and
many . abrasions - on . the ' face, ?body » and
legs. V... ¦¦ y.y.-- . ¦.¦:;.¦...¦:-:
Attacked by a Vicious Horse.
There is no trace of . the crew, of the
lumber -carrier, and her men were un
doubtedly lost when the storm overturned
the vessel. Since the disaster the hulk
has drifted at the mercy of the northward
current,,and not until Barkley. Sound was
reached /was she Investigated. The Ame
thyst was- owned by H. li. Jarvis of S/in
Francisco. • \ ' ' -
VICTORIA, B.v C. March 25.— After,
drifting about thej . coast waters of: the
North Pacific for some time, the upturned
derelict of the lost lumber schooner Ame
thyst has floated Into Barkley Sound. The
Amethyst was lost prior to February 18,
for on that date the schooner Gem sight*
ed the afterhouse and white painted com
panlonway in wreckage and passed the
overturned hull of the lost schooner. \
San Francisco Lumber Schooner
' - ':':'.- Perished.
Little Doubt That the Crew of the
HULK *OF THE AME YTHST s
'i^i: : 'DRIFTS INTO A HARBOR
An acrimonious correspondence between
A. J. Balfour and General Buller has been
Sir George Gouldle failed- to meet any
Boers who yet recognized that they had
been finally beaten, though some of, them
admitted they had been temporarily over
weighted by numbers.
Sir George Gouldie advocates granting
amnesty to the rebels, but he* Insists that
every one must be disiranchised for life.
This, he declares, would go far toward
allaying the bitterness of the loyalists.
Sir George deprecates any attempt to per
mit the use of a dual language. He says
English alone must be the official lan
guage and adds that the fact that prac
tically the whole of the rising generations
ol the two -republics are now in the con
centration camps and are rapidly learning
English will be*of great aid in this direc
tion. He estimates that 100,000 armed men
will be needed In South Africa for some
years after the conclusion of peace.
Advocates Amnesty.
tONDON, March ho.—^ir George
> GoGldie, vice president of the
Royal Geographical Society arid
f founder of Nigeria, who has Just
• returned from a thorough inves
tigation'of South Africa, where he was
conferring with Lord Milner, Lord Kitch
ener, Cecil Rhodes. Sir Walter Hely
Hutchlnson, the Governor of the Cape of
Good Hope, and numbers of other Influ
ential men. brings home rather pessimis
tic ideas of the general situation, from a
British point 'of view. The conditions in
Cape* Colony he regards" as especially dan
gerous and he considers -that the most
serious British difficulties will be encoun
tered there in the future, as at present.
In an interview Sir George. Gouldle, whilo
recognizing the possible importance of
Acting President Schalkburger's , step,
said he was convinced that the question
of peace or war "rests in the hands- of
President Steyn, and that Kruger and the
other Boers In Europe no longer represent
Boer opinion. The real difficulty in the
jPath of peace, he believes. Is the question
of granting amnesty to the Cape and Na
tal rebels and. Sir George" says, the vague
promises of the British Government have
not the slightest weight while fhe fighting
burghers are In their present state of
mind. -^
"I have decided to wait until AprJl 1;".
said Fitzsinnons.^'as • this was the date
named by me two weeks ago. Ther« are
a -couple of clubs to hear from that are
anxious to secure • the fight. . Charleston
wants the bout, and so does Georgia, and
I expect to hear from these parties iin a
day or two." - . . ¦
These are the conditions. requested by
Fitzsimmons, but when- the , club . an
nounced that it -had -.withdrawn its orig
inal offer Fitzsimmons " stated he consid
ered the Los Angeles proposition " closed.
Fitzsimmons," after reading . the Century
Club's dispatch, said he would not take
any definite action on the *«matter • just
row, as he had" given promoters, until
April Tin which to send in bids for the
contest." . - V
• NEW. YORK, March 25.— After refusing
to accept the terms demanded by Fitz
simmons to" fight Jeffries in its arena, the
Century Athletic Club of Los Angeles has
reconsidered- its declsioh'.to . call. oft-, the
bout and to-night , notified the former
champion, that it -would offer 75 per cent
with a guarantee of $25,000. — :
FITZSIMMONS -WILL WAIT.
Former ¦ Champion"'^Not Ready -to
Accept LcisT Angeles '¦"¦' ' •'
• . ¦ - .;.;;;. offer. I .• r.vv'.' "
SAN DIEGO. March 25.— The battleship
Wisconsin arrived at 10 o'clock this morn
ing from the south.* Since leaving Puget
Sound on October 14 she has steamed 20,290
miles, touching. at Honolulu, the Samoan
Islands, Acapulco, Valparaiso and CaJlao.
When she left Puget Sound there were
cases of measles on board and thla' fact
caused the vessel to be virtually quaran
tined at Pago-Pago. At Valparaiso the
President of Chile was entertained on
board; at Callao the Peruvian,- Executive
was a guest of .the officers. Target prac
tice, was Indulged in at Magdalena Bay
the ¦ battleship \ remaining there . iron
March 12 to 22. v Admiral Casey Is -o^
board and good health if*-eported among*.
officers and crewv The -Wisconsin Is here'
under waiting orders.
Return of Battleship Wisconsin.
TEN TRAINS ,WILL COST
TWO MILLION" | DOLLARS
Rock Island Railway Proposes to
. . Spend Enormous Sum for :
New Service.
CHICAGO, March 25.— The Record-Her
ald to-morrow, will say: The management
of the Rock Island Railroad has decided
to spend in the neighborhood of $2,000,000
to build ten trains for the Chicago-Cali
fornia service through El Paeo.
The new trains will be delivered to the
Southern Pacific at El Paso and from
there, on a Southern Pacific engine and
crew will operate. An agreement whereby
trains can be run has been reached by
the traffic officials, but it is stated that
the train will not be put into service until
next fall. The ten complete trains that
will be constructed will be for use in con
nection with a full vestlbuled limited ser
vice similar to that in operation upon the
Santa Fe and. Northwestern routes. .
AMSTERDAM, March 25.— Abram Fisch
er, the Boer delegate, in an interview to
day, gives a variety of reasons why the
Boers in the field should be in a mood
to continue the war rather than -accept
terms less advantageous than those previ
ously demanded. The latest report from
President Steyn, received unler date of
February' 15, says: "Last year we fought
hopefully; now we are fighting with con
fidence, not to the bitter end, but for a
happy end."
1 WOLVE HOEK, Orange River Colony,
March 24, Monday.— The train having on
board Acting. President Schalkburger and
his party passed this place on its way
to Kronstad yesterday. The Transvaal
Government officials were accompanied
by Captain Marker. Lord Kitchener's aid
de-camp, and five other, members of the
staff of the British commander-in-chief in
South Africa. The impression here is that
the Transvaalers favor a general surren
der of the Boer forces.
Favor General j Surrender.
published. Balfour contends that, Gen
eral Buller was in chief command at the
battle of Splon Kop, while t!W3 general de
nies this assertion. To this contention
Balfour adds: ¦ -¦.- r
"There> is no reason why all the Spion
Kop dispatches should' not be published."
To this General Buller rejoins that he
hopes the dispatches will be published
without- manipulation. , -. ¦. ¦
Yesterday, Balfour replied to General
Buller, protesting. against the latter's in
sinuation, and declared that the only
manipulation /which" had" been/- exercised
with regard to General Buller's dispatches
was the excision of a single sentence "criti
cising Sir- Charles Warren, while, the
omissions from Lord. Roberts'; dispatches
relating to operations in Natal were made,
said Balfour, "solely for. the purpose, if
possible, of sparing your feelings .. and
maintaining your military reputation." -
Alleged -Arrest of Tsilka's j Husband.
•LONDON. March 26.— It is reported from
Salonika, , says the. Vienna correspondent
of the Dally Telegraph, "that the Turk
ish authorities . have arrested Pastor
REDDING. March 25.— Deeds' filed to
day show that in consideration of the
sum of $1,000,000 Charles Sweeny and wife
of Spokane have transferred to .the Trin
ity County Gold Mining ebmpany the
Chloride-Bailey group of gold mines on
Canyon Creek, near Dedrick. . Homer
Wilson of- San Francisco has been an
owner in the group and first made it s
paying, proposition. It is, believed he will
have an interest in the new company. -The
Chloride-Bailey adjoins the noted Globe
mind, which has been in litigation. ;.
Million Dollars for the Mines.
FUGITIVE. STATESMAN, IN WHOSE
HANDS THE PEACE OF SOUTH.
AFRICA IS SAID TO REST.
of the proceedings ; have . endeavored '. to
submit the controversy between plaintiffs
and defendants toa-jury "of their feiiow
citizens. Tnis privilege was denied; th>j
plaintufs by Juage Hughes. Tne actions
just commenced are In a form, that en
uiies-tne plaintiff, as a matter of rignt,
xo a trial, oy. jury, and these- cases will
be tried by juries in this community un
less "the juagment rendered t»y Juage
Hughes in the rormer cases'- shall be h&id
to< oe a bar to the. prosecution of any
other action?'- .- , - -
.'ihe complaints, which are identical, al
lege that Clark and Booth, • on January
12, 1900, were the owners of 4000 shares of
the stock of the Sacramento Oil Company
and 1000 shares of the , capital | stocK j of
the Sacramento ¦ l>amt ana * Development
Company; \ that on January 13, ' 19(w, • the
uefenaants wrongfully and without pltln
tiffs' consent, took the •• certlttcates of
stock' belonging to the" plaintifTs and con
verted-and alspcsed of. the same to their
own use. The plaintiffs then allege that,
each has in the premises- been damaged
to the sum oi$64,u56 11. ¦; ¦¦ ¦. .: ¦.--. ¦
/ It is expected that .the fight will be
waged with all the bitterness engendered
in the suit last, summer... which- was re
plete with sensational "features, crimina
tions and recriminations.. The former suit
was based chiefly on the ; claim that the
true value of the stock was withheld
from the plaintiffs by Sesnon, Carmichael
and the other defendants. Questions more
of -law than of fact ; appeared .to be In
volved, and Judge Hughes, ruled against
the application for a jury trial on .\ the
ground that in any. event, the verdict of
a jury could be merely: advisory, arid, . if
opposed to legal reasoning, might be set
aside on arriving at a judgment* - Counsel
for Clark and Booth- have all along been
anxious to. put the contention; directly to
a jury for determination, and the suits
brought to-day will afford that oppor
tunity. ' . . ¦ , . /:
It had been supposed that the two great
Republican., factions , in_ this city and
county, represented by Clark on the one
side and Wright and i Gillis on the other,
were in a fair way toward settling their
differences, but the suits filed to-aay In
dicate that there will be no reconcilia
tion and that Mayor Clark will fight
Colonel Wright and Gillis to a finish. If
this should prove the case there will be a
split delegation from Sacramento Co"unty
to the Republican, s State -convention— a
prospect not at all satisfactory, to the
Gage cohorts. ; V •
; SACRAMENTO, March 25.-The famous
Clafck- Wright oil - land i case ' is '. to ~} be
fougnt out. again. To-day Mayor George
H. Clark and his business partner, A. • P.
Booth/, filed ; in the • Superior Court two
suits for damages aggregating $129,912 22
against William T.Sesnon, ; Colonel J. B.
"Wright, James L. Gillis, Daniel W. 1 , Car
michael, A. J. Samuel and W. v E.
Kn6wles, the origiral; defendants in the
suit -which was .tried ' before. Judge
Hughes . last summer ; and f which '. Clark
and Booth lost, v In a . statement this
evening Albert . M. and " Hiram W.\ John
son, attorneys for Clark and Booth, said:
"We have always "felt that Clark— and
Booth were right, and j from the I inception
Special ''• Dlspatcji to'.The-Call. '
Political Factions Are,
Still at War.
Evidenca :That^Capital :City
Mayor . < of Sacramento
Files Two Suits for
Damages. • :
CLARK REOPENS
OIL LAND CASE
Sir George Gouldie Returns^ From a Tour of Inves
tigation in South Africa, and Says He Failed
to Meet Any Boers Who Acknowledged Defeat
QUESTION OF PEACE OR WAR
RESTS WITH PRESIDENT STEYN
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^
3
Cold "Weather Evils
SucH as chilblains;, frost bite, cold In head, ca
tarrh* earache;- neuralgia,, chapped anil Irritated
skins, are remedied at once by Salva-cea. Try
a 'box- and you will bonder how. you ever got
along without It. . Price, 25c and 50c'. at drug
gists or by.mall;, Salva-cea, 274 Canal st/N.Y.
AD VEHTISEMEliTS. ; . ' .
a « « * tla-_ ? — t-H I n P
¦ ' n * " |^ r ' *^ r> * . , • i * w
First
'2^^*^>i^^^ St e p s?-
; 7 i^\v^'-' •/; . , 1 ovv a r d |
Gatarrh, Pneumonia and Gcnsumplipn !
YOU INHALER
THE .DISEASE GERMS
YOU MUST INHALE THE
TO DESTROY^ THEM
By, breathing: HYOMEI for, a few.mln-;
utes . dally.* the r Berms i. -which .'are ' : at -¦ the'
root 'of.-, all .'throat' and luns, diseases are'
completejy^ destroyed.' ;'- .'\f - '" ¦ .
'"Coughs, '.catarrh, t bronchitis, croup ( : or,
consumption "cannot^ obtain i astoothold < iri;
your fa'mlly if HYOMEI ; is'breathed dally. <
,. HYOMEI 1b eold- by.druBgl8ts. or .'sent- by
mall: :' Outfit*," complete,- ?1. -Trial outfits '25c. 1 .
Five days". treatment-free. TheiR iT.'.Booth
C0..-1 Ithaca; N.-Y. .
toooeocoe©o©Qoe©©©©©«®©©o©o@e©©eoo©oo©o©©QOo«0««0©©«oe«o«o©oceo©oo«O4
I /;--', TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. ; ; ;,".' -;|
© \- Every person contracting to^tske the. "CALL" .for six (6). nvnths can secureVa *
| $i5.oq setof >y • .^vyr; \..;/J
o . ; " Gannot'be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of.$i
*-y An invaluable addition to every library! v <
©; An ornament to any d pawing room! J
© A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young, «
o yielding the delights of travel without its inconveniences. • r ~ . 1
| THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER; ]
8Hv AS SEBPf WITH CAMERA ANI) PENCIL. j
8 UNITED STATES ARMY, y. - s - !
2.. With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by . s ' - J
% JOS B D E OLI'V J&R, B S, <
q The Noted Author and War Correspondent. • v . v!
©" : Author. of; "The Trocha Telegraph,". "The Curse. of Lopez." "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian i
• -/¦•. '"'¦. • . -'•'. .'".'-' ''¦•;'. Stories.- .• i
© ¦• - ¦ ¦ ' - , . ' . ,- -- jBBJIm^BSm ¦ *
3. embracing^ perfect photographic and descriptive, representations of the !
© PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY' ACQUIRED, FROM SPAIN; INCLUDING HAWAII- \ 2
G •': v; AND THE PHILIPPINES;^ ALSO THEIR' MATERIAL: RESOURCES AN ELPRODUC- : ' "' J
© , TIONS.HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR- CUSTOMS, AND;,.GENEIt AC- AP-Vv ¦". ' : "i
» '". PEARANCE. WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS: OF LANDSCAPES, t
2 : :: RIVERS. VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO- COM- J
2 PLETE, AS TO PRACTICALLY -TRANSFER THE.s/,ISL-:,, . -v. j \
. . > I* ANDS AANDTHEIR PEOBfcE TO THE . \
©, With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators , Proctor,
2 ' ".Thurstonj Money, and numerous prominent writers and r correspondents. "'and a cornpariscrn with conditions' a* \
® • Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Ha- i
••-.'¦•,-¦¦¦'¦¦ ¦; - : .' '¦ ":''¦'..' ' manity,". Etc., Etc. 4 . ;.'";. v~r : . ' /'¦•"• : - • '¦ "•¦¦'•¦ '^'\. i
| WALTER B. TQVVNSEND, FRED- W. FOUT, GEO. E.^DOTTER; AND OTHERS. )
¦gl/ REGULAR PRICE $i5.c»rPERSET.;TSPJEqAL J
©^Superbly.; illustrated -with more than Twelve Hundred Special PhotOKraphs.^Colortypevand new! Colored Mat*. |
:__¦_.__ __-_'_ v " - DB. KILMEB'S '' SWAMP-BOOT. j ••'''%'., >_"-'.¦' ' : ' j, ..••-'-''----,.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp-Rflot
To Prove What Svvamp-Root,~lhe World- Famous Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, Ni Y.: . •.-¦ . . •
Gentlemen— In justice to you^'I^eel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the sample •
bottlc : of Svvamj/-Root\you.so kindly sent me. I had been out of. health for the past five years with kidney and blad-
der trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me for the time being, but the old com-
plaint would in a short time return again. . I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world •
- of good. ¦ Since then I have taken eight small bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider myself perfectly cured.
It seemed as though my back would break in two after. stooping. I do not have the smarting and irritation,' nor do I 1
have to get up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three'pr four times a night, Hut now sleep, the sleep of -
peace. My back is all right again, and in every way I am a new man:Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp- I
Root. -They, like myself, cannot say too. much in praise of it. It is'a boon to mankind.. We recommend it to all who
, are suffering -from kidney and bladder, diseases. ,-¦'"¦.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the blessing . you
have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root. JAMES COOK. "¦'''
, ' \~ t } We remain, yoursvery truly, HUGH E. BOYLE. V
Officers of the 58th Police. Precinct, Greater^New. York. 1 ' JOHN J. BODKIN. .'
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
vour kidneys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are 'responsible for manyHcinds of diseases, and if permitted to continue much suffering
with fatal results are sure to follow. .Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irritable.
Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges y6u to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy kidneys
cause rheumatism, gravel catarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache In the back. Joints and muscles: makes your head acn«
and back ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you feel as though
you hadvHeart trouble; you may have. plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away. ' . **•
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and. Is used in the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians In- their private
practice, and Is taken by doctors themselves, because' they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
• science has ever been able to compound. -.; ....•' '.-.'¦ , ; - . . - <• - . - ¦ • .
If you -are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need you can purchase the regular flfty-cent and one-dollar
size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any'mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton, N. Y.. on every bottle. . . . T A r .
• EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder remedy. Is so remarkably successful that
a special arrangement has been- made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle
sent absolutely free by mail. : Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thou- '
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from, men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing, be sure and
mention reading this generous -offer in the San Francisco" Daily. Call when sending your address to . Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
¦;, Binghamton, N. Y. -- - • . " V ; '' : ; : : * ' " •-•.-.. ... .-. ' ... :" --¦•¦¦•.. ¦ ¦
:' ¦: "ADVEBTISEMEirrS. '
My RHEliriATISn CURE Is fust aa
certain to cure rheumatism as water
Is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body the pain may bo In
or whether it is acute or chronic.
nUNYON'S RHEUnATISn CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— flUNYON.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety pe^ cent, of kidney complaint*, including
the earliest stjges of Bright'* Disease, can be cored
v-tth Munyon's Kidney Cure.
M unyon sCatarrh Cure will cure catarrh of the head,
trrcs-t and stomach, no matter of bow long: standing.
Nervous affections anddiseases of the ncartarecon-
trolled and ( cured by Munvon'sNervc and Heart Cure.
Munyon's Cold Cure will break upanyformofcold.
Munvoa"* Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $x. ¦/
The Gnlde- to limit h (free) tells about diseases
and their cure. Get it at any drug store. The Ceres
are all on sale there, mostly at ss cents a viaL
11 unyon. New York and Philadelphia.
• K.CXIOVS IMULEB CUBES CAT1BBH.
Contracted Disorders
~^£g&~° Quickly
Cured.
KffljK_ je&f K? of quickly curing
ff^% ¦5' \j contracted dlsor-
V\»« O%^l ders Is b*lns
\^-5i >»tlL« more fully recog-
\ "*3*V-<fT*riJ3 medical profef-
k. sion. The ten-
]^*~ dency of thees
/I I >w diseases Is to
yr A I ", ,' * J\ gradually, extend
' / rs^ /4 \ \ backward, Involv-
/ I^JUs^I \ \ Ing In a chronls
/ V^S Jf] \-J Inflammation the
» y&L I most vital cen-
Q X&* ters of the or-
O. C. JOSLEN. M- D.. «*^ '2SSS re
The leading Specialist.^ J™ 1 tnat niy
O follow could
scarcely be exag-gerated. Safety demands
an absolutely thorough cur* In the least
possible time. I have treated more cases
of contracted disorders than any other phy-
sician upon the Pacific Coast. My cures
ire thorough and are accomplished in less
time than other forms of treatment require
in producing even doubtful results. I em- "
ploy remedies of my own devising and my
' treatment is equally effective. In both re-
cent and chronic cases. .- ; ¦;*.
My pamphlet. "Live All Tour Te«rs a
Man." "will be mailed free. Consultation
free at office or by mail.
or. o. c. josicn,
1049 MARKET ST.
Diagonally opposite Hlberrtia Bank.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
itaUSEUH OF ANflTOHYf
r :: ll ytl£IT « • be'- ci * fti. s. r cii. A
\? ,fcy^ The Larc«t Aratomical Mmcsn ir Ihe \
*9^ r^SrO^ ¦*'"•'*¦ We»kneK« or any centranrd A
« V&itt nsust JH..III..I, <--r«4 bjrtte-oldestT'
& IgSj ipeciiiist on the Coast. E»L 36 years. Q
0 &W*k CR * J2RDAH-CISEASE3 Of MEN A
\ I «Xfl^le Consultation fret and jtrirtW prirste. \
|l »«H Treatment penocalljr or by letter. A 4
\ ft W M 9 • ft *"™* Ottn •» CTe T esiennderukeB. T
A F S \\V Writ * fnt Boek - pa ILO " ** •¦¦ * •' A
" il Si sabbmge, mailed fkee. (aw
A C» li- valuable book for men) \
" DB. JOBDA BT A CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. 9
§MS\, VIGOR, MTALSTYior MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILI^j
have been in us* over attr
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases In old and youn*
arising from effects - of self-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Im potency, - Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insont-
r.U, Pains In .Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar.
TV. Loes of Bemen. 1— VartcoceleorCoo-
etipation. 6top Ner t M vous Twitchinr of
Eyelids. E2ects are XZrSrm Inimedlate. Inj-
part vigor and pote «»=*¦*» ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Jlestore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
• he brain and nerve centers; 50e a box; 6 for
,1 to by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
rncney refunded with 0 boxes. Circulars free,
Vdlrees BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.,
Jan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 28
end 40 Third Street.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLO AND WRL-TRiED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWS COOTHIIVG SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for theirCHILDREX
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAK-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part of
the world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOWS LOOTHING SYBUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.^^'j;
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
¦?3 H??ttj a VH^M^n Tr^ ST #^ lii
9? rcr^pY w^*Cfi £Q tr** gC,
¦JT" fl f^S^l, ni " P^ wJ g?^ »§3
p-^ fm j§g bSm F^ H Big tfc^ II B HB3B
RUPTURF. .
v£*t&j'*~*S ! &£&' Cx! * 1£T> b y Dr.Pierce's &
/^^^^Crt^gJJ^KLrCTKIO TRrsS «
it ~^^Sy37sj g — J>'othinglike it. Comfort & KB
1 . rytr£** security! A Perfect Ketaner. JH
I f)W V Ifc doe * the work! ta " Cal1 or J^l
i k //9\ writ«/«iiirior"BO<WLiTRo.l."^H
y^^&r Addres«: MaowtfcE. Truss Co^ B&&
"¦" *~ 206 Port Street, San Frsndsco. CaU
or H45 Broadway, .Vew York. Jiectios till P»per HI
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
O1SCOVERY
FOR THE*
8LOOP.LIVER.LUWGS.
£$& WONG WOO,
LpT. CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Igj 'f SANITARIUM.
_x^^v 7C4-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
VlW^JftX? A LL DISEASES «URED
kerbs, over. 3000 varieties being V*»A Houw
li^O to 11 a. to.. 1 to 3 aad 7 to 0 p. n.-
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
REVOLVER. .
4f /xS\r\ 32 or SS Caliber.
. ijflgf ftr Like Cut. S3.7»%.
i^SS^P^ SHREVE & BAR-
iQt^lK^Sps^ BER CO « San
t*i«7*Xi«k Francisco. Guns.
*r WS Fishing Tackle and
jffig Sporting Good*.
**¦ Send for Catalogue.
> ADVERTISEMENTS.
I"""" ' - . .^e
NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL- WATEtt.
NEVER
GRIPES
Is the BEST LAXATIVE
known to the medical pro-
fession,^ and is
A POSITIVE CURE
j FOR
ASK FOR /_
<FULLNAJIE)
And see that you GET it-
Substitutes are WORTHLESS
and often HARMFUL;- ¦
£*btl (a Slue wfrb Red Center. ,
IGOBJSSHSp j^Sfe,
Bronchitis', Hoarseness, K^^lffl
Sore Throat,
Effectively Relieved. .^*M*^
Tae-Slmtle t/ /'/? */ on every-
Signature of /?&%+ (Q J/t**m'Syn<' box. - .Neighbors had seen Ruth working; had
tearfully -watched the tender child scrub
the eighteen steps which. lead up to the
upper, rear . tenement In which reside the
McCann ; family ;. had : deplored seeing her
carry heavy :wt>od: from' the yard while,'
it Is asserted,^8tepfather v McCann looked
pn. > And one .day -if happened -the little
Cinderella, of Birch avenue "accidentally
let fall a can. of water, after carrying, it
4 Ruth. is? her mother's accuser. : Without
a 1 tear,' her . face , stolid and her ; great
brown eyes gazing at some far off. object,
the * weakly child- told ; yesterday of the
slipper, that; in her mother* a. hands had
hurt : her so; described how. the little strap
wa&,' whipped \ around her : shoulders and
how. in anger the mother. from whom lovo
and : gentleness, and - protection should
come belabored her sometimes with even
a stick. .:.>.' ¦":•' ~ ; . y
THE CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART
OA^AlfD^BACETBAOK-TueBday. Mar. 23.-Weather showery. Track muddy.
:U1H. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds;- to first; $325.*
Index Iforso an<l 'Weight. Bt, '-. >(,¦ %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? *<fi'. j
.... Cawle W... 112 R ,1)4.1.2 12 12 Wm, Hurry...... Conley *" 3 3.2
...: Bpopk. ..........112 2 -2 1% » 4 / 2 l 2 4 Grossheim & Co.Fauntly . 12 15
,'i.iM. Jennie Hughes.. ..112 a 3121 3 2 3 2 R. Hughes. ... ..Howson . 15 .8
3473 Flitting... .117 4 424B44 44 ' J. V. Lucas.. . Matthews / 4 B
••- Kermlt 114 « 82 5 1 B S, B 5 W. J. Klsh ..Foucon 4. "8
l ?£i George Whitney.. U7 8 78 0 1 0 1* « 2 , F. Phillips Bozeman 6 12
oil? Kn° ekln K s • I" 7 017 1 7 114 7 3 C. Karl & Co...... Prior B 1 10
?,.i\ f? anl1 Bain. .'.... 114 1 5 3 82 82 82 B. Schreiber Jackson 6 15
.U7.J Headstrong ......114 10 10 9 1 9 « « 10 A. B. 8preckelB..Bhields 12 60
2C07 Hard Night .114 11- 0 0 10 2 10 3 10 5. Mrs. Flemmlng..Frawley 8- 10O
.... St. Wllda. 114 9' 11 U U. 11 James Martin... Spargur 6 CO
Time— %, :24; %, :49%; %, l:03Vi. Bad start. Won easily. Becond and third driving.-
Winner. William Murry's ch. f. by Trentola-Catalina. Winner had worked very fast. Spooks
a fair grten one. Flitting may improve.' George. Whitney a sluggish fellow.', Scratched—
¦¦^Breton 122. ...-..,_ -. V« - ..'_-.. . • . . •.
3402. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs: two- year-olds ;. to first,' $325.' •' \
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. • %¦ Str. . Mn. '¦Owner' and Jockey. ' O^? tUl ClV
3482 Sylvia Talbot. .. .115 3 ... 1 5 1 5 15.. B. Schreiber. ...^Troxler ' 6-5 7-10
4ttm ?. 0nI . t0I W. -J 07 J ••• .5 'J '2 1 2 ns . W. Maodonough.Mathws - 8 15
, ( ?}iS? zzIe R'ce...... -108 2 2 1 2 2 3 1 W. L. fitanfield. 1 . Foucon ' 2 l«-5
i ( lf2? )A J52 n w'-' r: .:'v 110 B v ••• 5* 4n 4 8 Burns & Waterhs.Conly . 3 B
3451 Gold Van... ......106 4 ... 41 910.012. G.- B. Morris. .. .Jackson 10 -25
¦ James F 106 7 ... 7 ¦.-. 7 . -.' 6 10 Jas.- Klannery. . .LjDaly 100 60
.... Sccco ........... .lOH 0 ... 6 15 6 2 7 G. W. Scott... Wlnslette 100 200
.... Josle Wheeler.... 103 Left ... .... .... E. I. Wheeler.. ....Dyer 100 200
Time— y 4 , :24; %, :49. Poor start. Won easily. Second and ' third driving. Winner, 'B.
bchreiber's ch. f. by Balgowan- Parolee. Winner best. Lizzie Rice should have been seo
. ond. Alsono away none too well. . ,¦ " * . V ' ' • ' '
3403. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Indejs Horsa. Age. Weight. St. %. .%. Str. \ Fin. Owner and JockVy! . U
oUh Be"»ota. w * •»•"'.• 08 1 •¦;¦ 2 1% 1 1H 14 15 Burns & Waterhs.Rahch " 1-2 0-20
2?S? Saul of Tarsus, 5..100 3 1 1 ., 2 3 2 U 2 1 J.O. Waltz....;. Jackson .4 13
3483 February, a... ...109, 4 4 5 4 8 3 i 3 8 J. , S. -Gibson..... Howson „ 3 9-2
?t^ Captivate, 4...... 09 2 • 3 5 8 3. 4 12 4 12 . P. Hildreth .L. Daly .15 17
De Capo, a. ...... 104 5' 5 ' 5 / '5 -5 C. W. Chappell..'. .Staart . ; 10 -'50 "
TIm r ?~ %; i? 4%: >W. :49%: 94.-1:16- Bad start. Won easily. - Second and ' third driving..
Wlnner,,Burns & Waterhouse- s br. g. by Take Notice-Berna, Bernota away sailing. Saul
_jof^TarBUsraa_a. nice race. February away none too well.. i <¦'!•: .
3404. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a elxteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.'
IndexJHorse,' Age, ; Weight: St. U- 34...' Str. , Fin. - '-Owner and-Jockey. Op!" 1^*' '
3471' Jim Hale. 4.. ....102 4 2 n 2 n ,1 n \1 n W. L. SUnfleld;. .Stuart "'7-2 11-5 ;
(34R5) Redwald. 5.... ...108 2 1 1 1 2. 2 1.2-1 Jennings & Co. iL. Daly ", 4 \\%
.3110 Rio Shannon,. 6... 109 5. 4h 8 4 .32 3 2 J.Coffey . ....Ransch • 8 13
( ;£H\ i^ y -Medd'sme, 0..104 1 .5,1 6 n^ .4 2 . 4 4 a: G. Blakeleyy.Jackson ' 3" 14-5
<3453) Herculean, 5. . . . .108 tf 6 n 4 h^. B B B 5 . L,. V. Bell. . . ... .Ftoucon 0-2 ?
3338 Diderot, 4 102 S : ;3 1« 6 B, S 10 ff 12 '¦ 3. P. Atkln...Fauntleroy • 3 ¦" -'io"
3481 Oawalne, 4...-....1Q7 -T ¦•.yT-- 7 .7 7 • W.;E. Cotton.. Matthews • -20 60
Time-^U, :24; %, :48W; %, 1:10; .mile,' 1:43%; .1 l-10m, 1:50. .Good start.' Won. handily •"
Second and third driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfield's b.-.g. byiPlccolo-Rillette. -Jlrt Hale
stood a drive gamely under poor piloting. Redwald : tired the last sixteenth. Rio Shannfti
willbe hard to beat next time. Herculean did not like the going. Diderot not read*
B^^jernays Ji^ Jlcador 105, Quadra -80. . _ ¦' _ ..", ; aa '*.
34OB1- 1 FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Sacramento Handicap; 3-year-olds. up; to first. $400. ¦'
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St)'. ,'•'%.', Str. .Fin. Owner and ' Jockey. "" .
3464 Hagerdon, 5...... 110 2 :3»'3 8 .2 5 11! H. L. Frank.. ....Conley "' 4 ~k
340.3 Sister Jeanie, 3.. 01 1,2 2 2 H' 1. n ' 2 6 , Jennings & Co..Wlnslett ': '7 ¦ 15
<%£$, 2 Id England. 3... 120 3 - 1 1% 1 1# 84' 3 8 -' G. B. Morris.... Jackson 2-5, 0-20.
.(3454) Sweet Tooth, 4.. .110 4; ,4 . ...; 4, 4.4 • L. W Bell ..Gannon 6 V
Time— W, t :24; y,, :40V6; ; %, 1:16; %; 1:28%. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
.vner. HL. Frank's b. g. by Ksher-Lady Richmond. " Conley on winner rode' a. well-Judged'
i race. .Old England found It difficult to shake oft Sister Jeanle. Sweet Tooth apparently does
'¦:¦ not take to a damp track. Scratched— Joe Frey lie. . . , ; , ,. , :¦¦¦ \- :..-*. .
340(t. SIXTH. RACE— Mile and CO 'yar^'.'selllng; three-year-olds' and, up; to flrtt, $325. <:¦*.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. ; '%. "-' #. , '¦,' Btr. Fin.. Owner and" Jockey. 14 Op!" Ifl.
3-400 : The Singer, 6..V. 108 4 .4 h • . 2 n. f 1" n 1 h Magrane A Co .'.-.Foucon B •/ '15 : "'
•2i«? Cougar. ,4....... .105 1 6 5:. 4 2 2 4 2 6. Elmwood Farm ..Jackson . 6 7
2"f2i' Frld °, u S' *•¦":.'•.: 02 2 .2 1,8 8 3 1 3 n :;_ G. W. Scott. -¦.\Sln»lette , 8"~ 12
5iA 7 Qrand Sachem, a..lO3 7.65 08. 434 4 . J. J.iMoran...Fauntleroy / 4 C,
¦ 342i> Lodestar, a. ... ,110 0 ' 3 h 5 4 ' 5 4 5 5 O'Keefe & Co. . ; .Conley l 6 ' 0
3292 Dedby, 5.'.... ;..-;. 101 8' 8 10 : 8 12-0 6 0 10 George Miller.. ..Duggan \: 4 15
3455 Ting-a-Llng, B..;lO2 9 ',7 1 ' 7.1 :; 7 3 7 4 C.-W. Chappell ,'-. . Stuart 80 100/
:3448 Edlnborough, B...100 5 Ml- 1181 8 6 W. Ketcheman...M«thws . 5^11-2
;8477 Essence, 5 ...100 11 10 10 04: 95 Burns &.Waterhs.. Ranch 4 7.2-'
3490 Morengo, 0. .103 10, 9 12 . 9 12 10 , 10 E..M. O'Brien..; Ransom 20"-30
Bun ello.5....;...l03 .3 . Fell '..... .;'.... M. Storn... L. Daly .' a \ - 10 "
<ri r£ e ~^H'. : ? 4%: :B0%:'%.' 1:10%: 'mile. 1:44: -,1m BOyds. 1:47^* Poor start. Won first'
three driving. Winner, .W. P. Magrane by The Bard-Mlnrile Andrews. The
Stntjer outstayed Cougar. 'Grand 'Sachem, should 'have "been- closer up. Decoy interfered
, with when Sunello fell. Edinborough quit.' .Essence practically • left.' • Scratched— Artllla
A baby girl who was abandoned on
the steps of Thomas B. Upton's home. 207.
Central avenue, Monday night. Was taken
from the , matron's room in the City
Prison to' Mount St. Joseph's Orphan
Asylum yesterday -by OfHcer McMurray of
the California Society for the 'Prevention
of Cruelty to Children. No clew has been
found to the unnatural, parents.
Sent to Mount St. .Joseph's Asylum.
. During the evening performance Arch
ibald, In doing his trick riding-, exhibited
considerable nervousness when passing
the band stand.'jBJSKSBMi
Archibald feels a certain pride, which
is excusable when his worth as a .tight
rope walker and a pony rider Is taken
into consideration. It has been the boast
of the company that because of his splen
did training Archibald eschewed the hab
its of the common goat and could oe
trusted under the most trying circum
stances, t -
During yesterday afternoon the prize
billy in making his usual calls on his fel
low, performers came across a trunk in
which the band leader kept his sheet
music. Archibald had not been long alone
with his find when his feast was inter
rupted by. the band master, whose sud
den appearance made him look hurriedly
for an exit. For a few minutes Archie
heard language that, try as he might, ho
could not get a "cue"' from and wisely
determined to keep under cover until it
was time for his turn.
Plays Havoc With Its
Contents.
Finds Open Box of Band Music and
Tbe performing goat of the Korrls, &
Rowe trained animal show, professionally
known as Archibald, did an extra trick
yesterday afternoon between shows that
came near to disrupting' the band that is
furnishing the music at the performances.
TRICK GOAT EATS LIGHT
BUT EXPENSIVE "Mr; at.
understands Spanish ¦ and •. she corrobor-'
ated the girl's statement as to the threats
made by Bassett. Miss Cameron has been
advised by United States District Attor
ney Woodworth to swear to a complaint
against Bassett In case he should make
any further threats.
Summerfield Bassett, the railroad engi
neer who was arrested recently by tha
Federal authorities, charged with import
ing 16-year-old Agostina Morales from,
Guatemala for immoral purposes, is likely
to get himself into trouble again. Bassett
was indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
several weka ago, but a nolle prosecpil was
entered in the case because the girl's
mother in Guatemala deposed before tho
United States Consul that she had con
sented to Bassett taking her daughter to
this country.
The unfortunate girl refused to return
to Bassett, and the authorities placed
her In charge of Miss Cameron, matron
of the Presbyterian Mission Home on
Sacramento street, until such time as she
could be aent iback to her mother. Last
Saturday afternoon the girl was taken
for an airing in Golden Gate Park by
two ladles at Miss Cameron's request.
On their return and when near the Mis
sion Home, Bassett sprang out of the
doorway, and, speaking to the girl in
Spanish, said that he was going to sail
'for Guatemala on the following day and
that if she would not go with him ha
would murder her. One "¦ of the ladles
Mission Home and Attempts
to Intimidate Her.
Waylays' Her Near the Presbyterian
BASSETT ; THREATENS TO tX<
KILL THE MOBALES GIBL
Kid McFadden knocked out WilHe
Snailham at the Reliance- Club, Oakland/
last night , in the seventh round : s of a
scheduled : fifteen round bout. The blow
that put I Snailham down for more than
ten seconds was a right swing to the heart
region.,; The loser displayed . willingness
to mix It up from the tap of thsTgong,
and displayed cleverness, but the stamina
and experience of the sorrel-topped fight
er was more than Snailham could ' over
come.. Both had a large following in the
exceptionally large crowd in attendance.
E.J. Smith was referee. • ' . ?V
Snailham - opened proceedings by. . plac
ing a right on McFadden's face and a left
on the ribs. They did hot appear "to wor
ry the recipient much and at the bell Mc-
Fadden was smiling and exchanging
punches with Snailham at* a rapULrate.
• In the'. second .round Snailham Xrned
loose an assortment of upp'ercuts, but did
little damage to his opponent. McFadden
paid much attention to Snailham's stom
ach all through the battle and his kidney
drives weakened 1 the other man. The
third round : was a give-and-take one.
Snailham landed so fast and so often that
McFadden forgot to smile. He went at!
Snailham viciously toward the close of
the round and beat him to a standstill.
¦ '.-Both men were tired during the fourth:
and fifth rounds and . their blows lacked
power. Snailham ;scored a right swing;
in the sixth. In a mix-up he went down 1
from weakness and 'took: six seconds/
Then followed the seventh and the finish.
McFadde'n was jj the favorite in the bet
ting. ¦- -. r& ¦..."..- .•: L: ¦¦¦, .¦ '¦ . ¦¦
BUJy Woods, colored,: was. awarded thej
decision by the judges In an eight-round
contest with Cyclone Kelly.
Frank George gained" the decision over
Billy Bevert in an eight-round bout. '¦
BANQTJETS THE. BOARD.
Rudolph Herold, Insurance Man, En-
tertains Harbor Commissioners.
Rudolph ! Hefold, the- 1 • retiring ""Harbor
Commissioner; gave a banquet last even
ing at the Palace Hotel to the members of
the board and his successor, /Commis
sioner Mackenzie. . . '» • - • * ¦
• The banquet took place on the first floor
of the hotel. The room had been specially
decorated for the occasion.. Toasts were
drunk and glowing tributes were spoken
In favor of the retiring . Commissioner.
Urges Early Registration.
j Registrar Walsh issued a statement yes
terday " showing that the registration to
date for the year 1902 is 3850, against 4200
during the same period in 1901." This still
leaves 76,000 voters * to register before. Au
gust 2, when registration closes for the
primary- election. Walsh urges immediate
registration to avoid errors and will keep
his office open on Wednesday evenings
until further notice.
Sixth race — Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds and upward: - ;
34 IS True Blue 117 31C0 Headwater ...117
3457 Narra O......115 8073 Escalante ....110
3476 E. M.Br&ttaln. 107 3232 Varro 117
3097 Hllee ....117 3470 Sc. for Scandl.115
Seleotions for To-Day.
First race-JRubfno, Royalty, Ilowaho.'-"; ,¦;*
• Second race— John Feters, Colonial Girl, Bas
sqnzo.
Third race— Slap Dash, El . Orient*, Black
Dick. >.
Fourth race — TTatercure, The Fretter, Posi
tion.
Fifth race— Oscar Tolle. Dr. Bernays. Mac-
Oyle. (
Sixth race— Headwater, Narra O, Illlee.
P.ENNINGS HANDICAP
IS WON BY "HIMSELF."
Spring I Meeting at Washington
Opens Auspiciously With.
Pleasant Weather.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Weather
conditions could not have been more fav
orable for the opening of the Bennlngs
spring meet to-day. The attendance was
the largest ever seen at the track. Re
sults:-
First race, six furlongs-^Charley Moore won,
Calgary second, Alpaca third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, . four furlongs — Morca won.
First Chord second, Tocaan third. Time,
•:50 3-5. '.-¦¦
• Third race, steeplechase, about two mllea —
Handvice won, Arlua second, Klond&» II
third. Time. 4:27 3-3.
Fourth race, Bennlngs Spring Handicap, six
furlongs, purse $700 — Himself won, Baatile
second. The Hoyden third. .. Time, 1:14 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Illuminate won.
Mango second, Gay Hilda third. Time, 1:30 2-3.
• Sixth race, mile and forty yards — Woodtrlce
won. Sir Florian second, Farrell third. Time,
1:48 I76. • .
I/ittle Hock Race Results.
LITTLE,' ROCK. Ark.. March 25.— Results:
' First ' race, six furlongs, selling: — Incidental
won Lizzie Carr " second, ¦ Dearest One third.
Time, 1:18. ' «
Second race, two-yewr-olds. half a mile, sell
ing — Foxy Kane won. Duke Dashaway second
llanstr third. Time, :51H-
Third race,. five and a half furlongs', selling —
Zlrl won. Cadet second, Maggie Clopton third
Time, 1:10%. -
. Fourth race, six furlgngs, selling — Loone
won, Ida Penzanc© second, 4 Travers third.
Time, 1:17. .
Fifth race, on« mile, selling — Chickadee won,
Josle F second. Algle M third. Time. 1:45.
' Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— W. B.
Gates won. Censor second, Hengis third.
Time, 1:31%.
They have been empowered to offer
¦ some of the funds of the association to
place the speedway in proper condition.
to the end tnat horses may—not be injured
if sent at speed over the measured mile.
When the speedway was opened certain
rules were adopted intended to reduce tho
possibility of accidents to a minimum. No
heavy pleasure vehicles were allowed
there. Neither was It intended ladies
should drive over the course, and bicycles
were barred.
The members of the driving club say all
these are seen at tlm.es on the speedway.
They will ask the Commissioners to police
the course and keep these people away
from the place Intended originally for tha
speeding of horses hitched to semi-racing
vehicles. ¦ ' : ¦ - -V
The members of- the club are discussing
the possibility of holding a speedway pa
rade to mark the opening of the regular
driving season. Such parades are held
annually in New York and Chicago and
attract -wide attention. The horses and
vehicles are turned out In the highest pos
sible order and make a pleasing- picture.
The members of the club hope some day
to have a place arranged from which a
good view may be had of the horses in
.action on the speedway. This matter la
also to be broached to the Commissioners.
»WluuiJrrijTiT^iT;iiiijyiitni'»iKllP ag y i " :yj
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association devoted most of their
meeting last night to a discussion of the
park speedway. , .
The winter rains have injured Its sur
face and a number of evils have devel
oped, which the members will bring to
the attention of the Park Commissioners*
A committee was appointed last night to
appear before the Commissioners and ex
plain matters as they are. This commit
tee consists' of Dr. I. B. Dalzlel, Frank
Thompson, George I*. Sweet, Dan Bllzner
and Edward Aigeltlnger.
May Hold .Parade to Mark
the Opening of the
Victor Proves Top Strong and
Too Clever for His.
. .Opponent. ~
A^ Right to the Heart
• Puts Snailham Out
of Commission.
Would Bar Cyclers and
Heavy Vehicles Frbm
Speedway.
M'FADDEN WINS
IN SEVEN ROUNDS
DRIVERS DESIRE
EVILS CORRECTED
THE SA^ FRANCISC0 1 GALW WEDNESDAY,; MABGH 26, 1902J-
• -• Fifth . race — Mile and a"' sixteenth; -- eeUlnr- '¦''
three- year-olds and ¦ upward : : . • ' ¦ ¦ '
' 3121^ Alndo . . . . . f. .\W 8484 Oscar Tolle. ..108
8471 MacGyle .....100 3484 Quadra ..;.'.., 88
(3«4)Dr. Bernays..l0fl .
(3489) Frangible ¦ . . ..100; (34G3)Watercure -. ; Us
3489 Position-. .....1001 8440 LUella ..... iol
.3489 The Fretter... 1041 . j- '. •"
2600 Matilda O.... 07
3479 ! Dorian .... ." . 100
3481 Free Lance. ..101
3460 Lena' ......... 90
848V>D!omed 7 . .Y.; .106
Fourth, race— Mile "arid; three-eighths j>, the
Golden Gate Handicap; three-year-old* and up:
3471 Black Dtck...lO8
8075 El.Oriente. ...100
17C0 Slap Dash:;.. 108
3480 Kitty Kelly.. 104
8484. Com. ForBter.^97
3484 Dean Swift... 101
; Candidates for Haywards . Offices.
HAYWARDS, March- 23— Nominations
for ' thb' forthcoming; town election' closed
to-night. The .following ¦ are the- candi
dates: Trustees— T. -,«.>- Martin," A. F.
Jones, A.. L. Graham and - P. Wilberf
Town Marshal, ,W.. J. Ramage; Clerk-
John Obermuller and W. B. Zambresky •
Treasurer,- Edmund Haas.
. Mrs. Julia Dodds died 'yesterday'.at , the
at the . advanced , age of 100
years. Mrs., Dodds '-was -born in -New
¦York and came to' this State sixty years
ago.. She had ~ been ". ah inmate of -the
'Almshousefor six years, and only.a'few
days, before her death had discarded her
eyeglasses, her- sight, having been fully
'restored to ' her. • She was married ' at the
age of 20, but burled her husband and
two children. .
Dies at;, Advanced SJ^ge.
r. Frank D. Ogilvle, the discharged ¦ sol
dier, from St. Louis,' was instructed and
¦arraigned , In' Judge Conlan's court yester-.
day!on two charges -of forgery. He told
the 3udge that he wanted td.plejid guilty,'
as he had no desire to have; any fuss over
the matter, but the Judge said he could
•jjot accept his plea and .continued': the
cases till Friday. Ogilvle Gorged the name
of J. W. Wrenn, chief clerk of the.Cali
fornia Hotel,- to'orders tor: cigars from
M. A. Gunst & Co. and shoes from the
Roscnthal Shoe Company.
Ogilvie . Wants No . Fuss.
Bernard B^ramer, a retired baker, , 79
v years of age, died of hea'rt disease at his
homei.C20 Locust avenue, last evening.
Shortly befo're'hia' death" Kramer was'an
noyed, by a number of hoodlum boys, res
idents of the neighborhood, who persisted
'in 'throwing rocks against the side of his
house* Kramer rushed. Into the street to
drive his tormentors away and' the excite
ment brought on the fatal -attack. He
had just re-entered the parlor of his
home when he fell to the floor and ex
pired. ... . •¦ .¦•,;¦•-'
Hoodlums Cause a Death.
.A reliable tonic, easily '.retained by tha
weakest stomach,' is pleasant to take and
beneficial in results. Made by the An
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. •
Malt'Nutrine.
Associated Cyclists Will Mee't.
A . meeting of . the executive committee
of th« California Associated Cyclists will
be held in the office • of Secretary S. G
Scovern. room 139 Phelan building, Satur
day evening. The chief matters to be dis
cussed! will be relative to the Important
road races held, annually under the con
trol of the association; ' - --.' • «•
WRESTLER BAYLY WTNB ' I
IN TWO STRAIGHT FALLS
Def eats Alex Chalmers, . Who. Was
Substituted for Johnson of the
Multnomah Club. .-.-..
PORTLAND. March 25.— Prank- Bayly
of the Olympic Club. San" Francisco, won
the. wrestling match with Alex Chalmers
of the Multndmah Club of -'Portland to
night in" two straight falls. 'The firet fall
was -taken 'in six minutes six. seconds,
and the deciding fall In '.five minutes
twenty 'seconds;. Bayly was matched to
wrestle Ed Johnson of the Multnomah
Club, but a few days ago Johnson sus
tained a fractured rib while training and
could not appear to-night. Chalmers was
substituted for Johnson on. short notice.
• A meeting of the directors will be called
within the next few days and officers will
be chosen. ' It Is generally believed that
Willis E. Davis will be the choice . for
president; he having served as vice presi
dent during the past year.
¦ The annual election for directors of the
San Francisco Art Association: took place
yesterday at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of! Art., .There being ho contest, the elec
tion was exceedingly quiet. The following
named were elected as directors for the
ensuing year, . all excepting the four last
named being members . of ' the present
board: Willis E. Davis, L. P. Latimer,
James W. Byrne, Henry Heyman, Chaun
cey R. Winslow, James D. Phelan,-Hor
ace G. Platt, Harry M. Holbrook, Fred
erick Tillman Jr., Newton J. Tharp, Hor
ace L. HilL ¦ * ...
Indications That Vice President Wil-
lis E. Davis Will Be Chosen
. . as President.
ART. ASSOCIATION ; ; -
I ELECTS DIRECTORS
Seek to Prevent Pigeon Shooting
TRENTON. N. J., March 23.— A bill to
prevent live bird shooting matches passed
the House to-day. ...
LONDON, March 25.— King Edward's
cutter Britannia. and.'Kmperor Willlam'u
new- ecnooner Meteor will both race off
,the IsletoflVlghf- during the Cowes re
gatta.
Meteor and Britannia Will Race.
. . Third race— One , mile; : Belling; three-year
olds and upward: ' .,>.-.'
THE Sacramento handicap, 'over*
seven furlongn, .decided ut Oak
land yenterday, saw the upward
career of Green Morris' crack
three-year-old, Old England,
brought to a sudden halt. He packed 120
pounds and was asked to concede twenty
one pounds each to Hagerdon and Sweet
Tooth ahd three pounds more to Sister
Jeanle. The big fellow, ruling a 9. to 20
choice, came about as close to doing It as
Ruhlln did to walloping Jeffries. L*e
Jackson was his skipper, crossing the line
third as the signal gun was fired.
Jackson found It' necessary to crowd on
full sail, for Sister Jeanle caught a land
breeze and was within a cutter's length
of the first choice for two-thirds of ; the
course. Headed for home, "Longshot"
Conley, at the wheel of Hagerdon, sailed
by the favorite, passing the ref eree'-s ¦ boat
first by a legth in 1:28%. Sister Jeanie
came in second and Ola England, with
the helm hard aport, third. Sweet Tooth
became becalmed, never figuring in the
race; • ¦
It may have been that the Morris three-,
year-old did not take to the going, which
was. made slippery by the rain, for the
crowd was disappointed in not seeing him
display that electrifying burst of* speed
shown in past races. Then, again, possi
bly the task asked of him was too difficult
a one. . . •
Favorites captured four of the events
run, precluding any chance for com
plaint .from followers of form. "Billy"
Magrane's gelding, The Singer,, warbled
sweetly in the concluding, event, his fol
lowers receiving a return of fifteen dol
lars for every one invested.
- There were "uncorkings". in the open
ing five furlong scramble "too numerous
to mention. Cassle \V,.afllly by the Aus
tralian horse. Trentola, finally closed fa
vorite on the strength of some fast work.
Conley had the mount; and leading from
the start the fllly beat Spooks, a 20 to 1
shot, with apparent ease.: Jennie Hughes,
backed from 20 to 8, ran third. .'•¦ ¦¦ >
( Barney Schrieber's fllly Sylvia TaUK^
ran away from her company in, the two
year-old dash. She went to the postat
7- to 10 and won all by .herself. Lizzie
Rice lest the place to Honlton by. a nose.
•" Burns & Waterhouse annexed the third
purse with. Bernota." The- books laid ia
very short price against him,'- -and tha
brown gelding: found no difficulty in. beat-
In p Saul of Tarsus nearly. 'half a dozen
lengths. February, the heavily played
one for the place, ran. third.
Jim Hale, played down from 3% to 1 to
11 to 5 f avorltlBm, took th6 mile and a
sixteenth selling- event In a neck -.flnirh
with Redwald. Ridden . by Larry Daly,'
the latter, horse made all .the' running,'
only .showing distress . signals the 'last
hundred yards.' Lady Meddlesome and.
Herculean were, among the unplaced
•.ones;. ¦/ ' ¦'
1 Essence, the Burns & Waterhouse en
try, closed favorite for the closing'num
ber," but a poor, send-off put him out of
business at the start. / At the wire The
Singer, piloted, by J'Doc'".Foucori,;downed
Cougar., a? head. ; * Show -. honors -fell to
Fridolin.v. i; V ., ;,; ? - t .: V . ,,- , ;;
Track Notes.
"Longehot" Conley carried off. the hon
ors yesterday, landing two winners. His
ride . oh Hagerdon .was a • nice ' piece . of
riding. • - ' '. . • '\ :¦
¦¦Larry Daly had a narrow escape when
Sunellofell with him on the backstretch
•turn. The horse was •"weH'up-lnrthe
bunch, but fortunately , the little chap
escaped Injury. : . /.¦;*'-.:
' Following, are the entries for this after
noon's events:' ; ..-, -.. ¦ .' ,
First race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds: : .-."•.-; ¦ : ¦.'.,. \ .... - ....
3310 Ishtar : 107 .'... .Swlftllght ....107,
j3023 Jim Roberts:. 102 347C Snowberry . . . 107
»47fl Rubino 109 3468 Dwlght W r ay..l0l
. 34C0 VaJallo.v. v.'.M09 ,3431 Forest -King,. 103
8480 EveaQ.'. ;;".. .107 3122 Royalty'..'...'. 100
8449 Mythrox.";. i*.' ..1071 3485 • Ilowaho ;.:...". 112
..'-¦'• .irl-'fvz r .'\~y ¦-¦<:•.'. ¦ ¦. :'t-.t'. ."¦•:¦•;¦.•-¦'..
Second - race-r-Slx ami a , hal f ' f u rlongs ; / sell
ing; thre«-yeaj-olds and; upward: .'?¦; -• <*>; '•
(3.TO4)John Peters... 10i . 3472 Colonial Girl.. Ol"
3459 BurdQC '",:...":;. 110 3460'Tufts ...*...'. .101
3222 Capt..- Oalnes. .11.1 . 3271 . Pat Mprrissey.il 0
¦ 34t.1 Bassenzo :.... OC 3358 Phyllis ....... 04
3403 February .:.. 108 '3454 Wyoming ....120
Day Selected for Olympic" Outing.
The?- membr-rs of- the Olympic /Athletic
Club will have their .'crona-country .walk
to Burlingame one week - from Sunday,
weather, permitting.' This outing - was
planned Home time *lnce, but has been
pontponed from wepk ;to week owing trt
the condition, of the country over whldh
the athlete* are to trudge.
THE LITTLE GIRL TAKEN CHARGE OF BY THE SOCIETY FOR THE
PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. BECAUSE OF THE
ALLEGED CRUELTY OF HER MOTHER. . • .
PITTSBURG. March 25.— To-night Pres
ident Dreyfuss stated that he. had tele
graphed his signature to the call for a
National' League meeting in ''New York
on April 1 and will be present In person.
This decision was reached after Dreyfuss
had received telegrams and letters from
Nick Young, C. H. Ebbltts,. John I. Rogers
and A. H. Sod en assuring him that the
call was a unanimous one. Soden's let
ter stated that he had been joined In the
call by Brush and Roblson. President
Hart of the Chicago Club held a long
conference with Dreyfuss by telephone to
day, the purpose of which is not made;
pubilf.f but everything now point* to -an
amicable . arrangement by < which • the'Na
tional -i^uKut! Intact may start- its play
ini? season on time. Dre)tfuM i««ayB,th6
object of the. meeting next weekis merHy
for- the adoption of the flaying, schedule.
National League in Good Shape.
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RACING AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
? - ; ; s
¦£*TT«^ HE • Ca If prnia Society for' the
'~\\ -Prevention of' Cruelty to Children
I has taken possession of little Ruth
H 11 McCann, aged nine years, through
their officers, H. McMurray, and
M,. j. White. Ruth , is the . daughter of
Mrs. Nellie McCann and stepdaughter of
Frederick McCann, a painter by, trade.
.The child, who now -lies at the Chll
drcnls' Hospital, attributes ¦ her 'pitiable
condition- to the treatment she has re
ceived, at the hands of her mother, who
has herself admitted to the society's of
ficers : tbe truth of the charge of> beating
her : offspring. ,' . . v~ •
Ruth has not had the advantage of a
mother's care such as is the fortunate
lot of most chi dren. The little thing has
never known* a father's *caress or tender
watchfulness, and even her stepfather,
Frederick. McCann, though married to the
child's mother, six years ago,- Mad' never
even seen the poor, unhappy child until
two months since, at which r timeJie tod
his wife that she should have her child
under their roof to live and to mingle
with. their children, Alvin, aged- five
years, and May, aged nearly two years.
Ruth had .been placed in care of the
Beulah Home ana It was from that Insti
tution that she was brought by the
mother at her home at 224^4 Birch avenue,
off Van Ness. - ¦. ' ... ' •,'•'
Her coming home, and admission to '.he
family circle, was the beginning of her
troubles,' for it would seem that Mrs.
McCann has lately been persistent in her
cruelty to Ruth. She = has -belabored her
with slipper and strap and stick until the
small, delicate child's body reveals the
story of It all in bruises and contusions
from head to- foot. Her. naturally thin
left arm is of abnormal size from injury
and to-day the gentle little .sufferer, for'
Ruth never mutters a word of resentment
pr tells of her agony, will be placed under-,
an anesthetic, when an examination will
be made to determine the true extent of
her injuries. It Is quite possible that thjere*
is a fracture of the arm. Even down to
the shins are ugly marks that are the
result ' of violence, and i upon \ the < scalp
and on the forehead,' and on the neck and
The mining property was leased on Oc
tober .22,- 1!&3, to Daniel M. Burns - and
others, ami the lease expired May. 1, 1SSS.
The plaintiff claims that- the j lessees now
hold this possession illegally, requiring a
suit for ejectment. . ,
Suit has now been commenced in the
state of Durango by the Candelaria Gold
and -Silver Mining Company to recover
l>o*3c»!8lon of the above property. The
Ocndclana Gold and Sliver Mining Com
pany claim that whatever right or inter
ests Daniel M. Eurr.s and hi* associates
may have had Tn the Candelaria mine
und It* numerous annexe* and mil! «ltes
are now total y and finally relinquished
und «xtlnirulKhc-d by the act of Daniel M.
Burns and hl« axaoclate* in applying in
3'ebruary. law, for a o«w denouncement.
The plaintiff claims that - nuch action
threw back the title to the original Span
ish owner, and that Mark Iirumagltn an
th« Bucceenor In Interest of euch Spanmh
owner was the owner of all the mining
property; that he ha» duly conveyed the
jpc lo the Candelaria Gold and Silver
Mining Company on June 10, J8S*7. . That
corporation 1>a« now • commenced ault
OKaln«t Daniel M. Burn* and his a*»o
clatea to. recover poi;s*fl8ion of all the
property, .valued at many million* of dol
lars. . . • . . . / ,
The plaintiff will apply to the court to
have a w-crlver appointed to take pofbos
elon of the dine and alt the bu lion com
ing from the mine. When a' receiver gets
hold of a mine in Mexico stockholders
five up all hope of dividends, for a Mex
ican receiver never, lets :any tiling go . out-
Bide of the family. The legal ' expenses
usually keep pace with the output of the
mine and as a general thing; are much
greater.
Tbe title to the Candelaria- mine is de
rived from the Laveaga . brothers by a
"contract xivlo,". or mining lease, made
by tiie Laveaga brothers on» May 11, 1&S3,
with Green and Burson. The Laveaga
brothers/ by «Iecd dated Mazatlan, Mex
ico, on September J2», 1603, sold to Joseph
G. Rice, who was in the employ of Mark
Brumagirn, and said Brumagfm paid the
consideration through T. Lemon Meyer
of San Francisco. ; •
The purposes for which the corporation
¦was formed were to acquire the legal
o-vnership of the Candelaria mine,' and all
Its annexes, and all the property con
r.ected with the mines in the district of
Sau Dimas, state of Durango, Mexico,
now under contract of sale to O.iver. W.
Bird. The corporation was authorized
to purchase from Oliver "W. Bird his con
tract of "sale and all his right, title and
lrterest in the Candelaria mine, the Chen
cry. mine, Don Columbus mine, Remedios
mine, Sacramento mine, San Nicholas
mine and Dolores mine, and A. so all the
haciendas or mill sites situated on San
Dimas Creek, state of Durango; Mexico,
known as Bualwarte, ' Guamuchil, Zapa
tlta, Guadalupe, Lusiand San Antonio.-.
On March. 27, 1897. the Candelaria Gold
and Silver Mining Company 'was lncor-*
porated under the laws of the State of
New York with a capita stock of $400,000,
divided into $300,000 in shares of .common
etock and $190,000 in- chares of preferred
stock. The principal business office is. la
¦cated in the city, county and . State of
New York. The three directors are O. W.
Bird, president; William R. Garrison and
Mark Bruma£im. The .secretary j Is D..
Walton Brvmagim, with au office . at 20
Broad street, ».cw York. ; •'. ¦-.,.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STUEET. N.
V?.,< WASHINGTON, .March 25.— The
State Department is - nowvenga.ged v in d
consideration of the claim of the. . Can
dclarla Gold and Silver Mining Company
of Pur.ingo against the Mexican Govern
ment- The c aim grows out of the con
liscatlcn of the company's mine .by.' a'
Mexican official, who, it has been alleged,
made a fraudulent report that the prop
erty had been abandoned. Y~ : . *.''¦'
. Special Dleiiatch to The Call.
Prospect That There Will Be Little
"Money Iieft- for Stockholders . '. '¦
When an Outside Official \
Assumes Control.
An Effort 1st Being Made to
:•- Have a Receiver Ap
pointed.
Mr. Harrison furthermore stated that the
Olympic C|ub was in a prosperous con
dition, that the waiting list was a large
one and that the , organization now
counted among its - members the best'
known business men of the city. He said
a healthy athletic spirit pervaded the
club and that the members were receiv
ing splendid benefits -from the various ex
ercises Uhey indulged, in. He said the
spirit Of the club was to advance in every
department and add to its reputation of
being the finest and most successful ath
letic organization in the,- world. : ;
The Improvements will, only take place when
the funds of the club warrant. .At the present
¦jnoir.ent the' club does n6t expand any money
for the rmrchare Of the property. It is con
terctiiated that in seven or eight years from
now the club will build en additional wing to
correspond with the eastern wing. The addi
tion will 'include han3bait. racquet and squash
ball courts and a variety of other things that
are absolutely necessary to the steady growth'
of the club. : . - -
When the i leases of the present occupants
have expired the dub -Intends to make certain
improvements to meet the continuous demand
In the club . for "dressing-rooms. These new
rooms will be built in order to assist to meet
the heavy expense oh the lease of the big
handball court, and secondly to provide accom
modations for 150 eentlemen who are clamor
ous for dresslnc-rooitis. •. "¦• ¦-. •
The difference between the purchase price
and that to be -paid for the property by the
club has been put up by certain members. I am
unalle to give their names or the name of the
gentleman who has acted so generously.
In discussing i the matter yesterday,
President William Greer Harrison stated
that a friend of the club had purchased
the property for the club, holding it at
its convenience for a period of ten years.
The net price is $35,000. The price paid
to the owner of the property was $40,000.
President Harrison said: " '
As soon as the leases held by store
keeper and boarding-house people who
now occupy the property have -expired,
the buildings will be remodeled so-; that
rooms can be assigned to those members
who have made application. -,.•'-
•;V -I -V -¦' ' • ¦ ¦ . :.,.-¦
.-¦¦ Through the courtesy and generosity of
one of Its members, the'piymplc 'Athletic
Club will soon come into temporary . pos
session of the property adjoining its hand
some building on Post street. "The owner
of the land has sold" it to an unknown
member for $40,000, who has in turn given
the club the option of buying lit in, « ten
years tfrom'now for $35,000. The $5000 dif
ference will be paid' by members who
have the interests of the athletic organi
zation, at heart. , ,-. -. '«-.'' j '
State Department to Deal
IWithOD. M. Burns* v"
\ Interests.;-. /
templated in the Near
Future.
Many Improvements Are Con-
Member Buys 'the Ad
joining Property for- v
the Organization.
MINE TITLE
HE HOLDS IS
IN JEOPARDY
OLYMPIC CLUB
REAPS BENEFIT
MOTHER CRUELLY BELABORS LITTLE
DAUGHTER WITH STRAP AND SLIPPER
4
over . the left shoulder blade are cruel
black and blue and- red patches— discolor
atlcns that tell their- own story/- " '¦
up the long flight of stairs, for which mi
hap-she.was sworn at and • upbraided . 1
McCann. ¦ •• . • ¦'•'• ...
| MEN! WAKE UPii
g Is Your Back Weak? Have You Dragging Pains? J
J J^^ Are You Easily Tired?
8 fe?f^Ew*""^ H a ve You Varicpcele? g
• S^^t^ZS \ -y /^^k>v HAVE TOU LOST THE FIRE AND A
m .,\ ~ -s *^~ > *T~~ 5 S> W !^»^'V-^*~~^vZ^fe*. \ 8trenstft °* jrautfc? -.Have you **eome X
• ¦ \?y I \ js' • — .^i^v \ and ko" pains In ytrar back and shoal- JjJ
gm :'¦ ' ¦* *- > rfr& ' - ' ' -^ d*r«? Are you srowlng old too soon? , 9
9 . *¦ 7~ SJUb^mS^ If you have these symptom* or any O
9 XK^ % - Jffi*"*^ other aljcn o* breaking down of your ft
• >Bav^i -1 {$i&k. nerves nnd vitality you will find new X
© ' ja£8$P$£*&^^^£aSL Ufe tn Electriclty as a PP lled while you j
V'^'mB^^Wt^k'- CRT MCLAUGHLIN'S S
2 '¦I^^^^HI- '' ELECTRIC BELT S
® i HSHBKSp^rS^^^ft^^^^l I 9 niade for you. It Is the best way to ©
9 "'"¦SHBBk'-^'Iv*^ i^CTiaW U8e Electricity. It pours a gentle Q
® waWKWi ' * "Tac4^ A * \»W^®» stream of life»into the weak part3 con.- A
9 '-•• .•* XHwBi N \^ % >'w¥Ss«a' tlnually for hours every nli?ht. It re- Z
A \$3!li»fi '/ ifev 1 JngSiSy freshes the nerves, expands the vital 5*
a ' \eSmi!>- / ' , If^A * uBKmr ' powers, enrirties the circulation and 9
® at? 1 'Jffllr makes you feel bright, active and vigor- 9
O '¦"-.' , xltcr i%$r <> u » •" one night" a uae. You get ntrong- m
A '• ¦¦.'¦-¦ . - •' • er each day. and In a few weeks you 5f
¦•»• are a new man. »tron*er and younger-tn the fire of youth. It I* grand, *hta method at 9
9 :~mlne, and every roan who has ever u»ed It la pralsins it. O
• TRY IT NO\ilf. S
* . ' Don't delay trying It. Your future happiness depends on your checking this drain 5
• T&l*Wo\ a 2%k a ?t£ 0 Z£r n0Vr *** y ° U C f *" ' U / e of a ions and vlgorous^if.. full. •
9 Don't drug;. « Drugs can't cure you. aa you know If you have tried them. My Belt ¦ A
O cures because it lncrea.es your nerve power and vitality. If you will call I Will jive «
A ' l° u , a / r »? Xnt l P t J fbat x can do. If you can't call send for my beautiful illustrated 5
• ' wS ,'£SS* "lend thfsad * MIii " iealed fr * e ' * haVe 60>WX) QUre8> CaU or
S P A TTTTn^T »A^^l?®* 1 ?*. 1 t once « ri I s «««rfn* "Electric Bilts Free." : This f
S."UAUllUllic! l ( r» r r? 0 w y -. B 'J Illek:J i OIolst a of medicines upon you •
• V c v O1^- /Write to me for an explanation -of the trick- •
I DR. M; C. McLavghlin, ™LK^l^REgr \
9- Office hours— « a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; 8undays 10 to 1. , ' v '#
[.*¦.', ADVZETISEMZNTa : '¦
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tiiit ;
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-or.. „
to Men.
A Free Trial Paclcajre Sent by Mall
' -.jtf.io AU;w.lio Writ9.v^ , ; :/-;
Free- trial packages of ,a most-.rcmarkr"'
able remedy are being mailed to all who.
wlU write to the SUte Medlca*' Znitltu'te/-
They -cured bo many men who .had battled'
for years' eKUlnst the mental* and physical
euflcring of lost- manhood that;the XnsU-
tute has declOed to- distribute tf reQ tr i a j
packages to all write. m 8 a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of -sexual weakness resulting
jrom youthful folly, premature Iosb at
strength and memory, weak back, varicc-
ocle <ir emaciation of parta caq now cure
themselves' at home. .-. ,'. -si'v.i
The remedy ha» a peculUrly grateful
eflect of wf"" 1^ and . 8eei °s , to- a^t direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where 1t< is needed'
It cures ' all" the Ills' and troubles that
come from years of misuse of :the' natural'
lunctions and has. been an absolute suc-
c:cfis in all cases. A^request" to the State '
Medical Institute. 328 Elektron buildins-
j-ort Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desife-
one of tbelr. iree trial packa ee8i -will be
complied' with: promptly. The Institute is
de*lrcus of reaching that great ; class of
juen who are unable to l#ave home to be
treated, end the free samples will enabjp'
tnem to see how easy, it 'is to be cured of
sexual* weakness when the proper reme-
dltrfe are employed. The -Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who -writes, will
Le sent a free sample, carefully,- sealed in
a plain package, to that Its 'recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment- or pub-
licity. Readers are ' requested to writ*
without delay. " ¦,-.¦ y ¦ • _PROMOTION COMMITTEE
IS CALI/ED TOGETHEK
Additional Representatives Named to
Appear for Sections and Trans
. portation Companies. ,
- . The . first meeting of ; the , committee of
promotion, consisting of : representatives
of ¦ all the 'commercial bodies in this city,
the Stated Board; of .Trade .'and the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin valleys and the
south and north coast counties, will : be
held ; next Tuesday afternoon at 1 ; o'clock.
Immediately following a meeting of the
StateSBoard of Trade. ' E. A.; Forbes was
appointed] yesterday to represent the Sac
ramento Valley. V. A. Scheiler will tem
porarily represent the 'south coast coun
ties. Captain A. H. Payson and Mr. Me-
Cormlck of the Southern ? Pacific have
beeh ".;¦ invited to represent the /Santa Fe
and the Southern Pacific companies. ¦ . " ,'
At that time a definite unuerstandlng
of many .things may be obtained by ithe
representatives of the various sections
and Interests concerned directly. The call
for the. meeting was 'sent out yesterday
by Manager Fllcher. .
Wants Six New-Schoolhouses.
The Board "of Education is. preparing its
estimate ; pf ;. the f requirements of 4 the
School -Department ; for the ~\ next fiscal
year 'and: will incorporate therein -a' re
quest for. funds to build at least six new
schoolhoiises. These, include one in the
Sunn> side district, one:, to replace the
Laguna H6nda School, One at the Fiye
mile House to replace the Monroe School,
one Ashbury,. Heights and> two: in. the
Richmond district.- The population. is in
creasing; so rapidly that' the board desires
to take immediate steps, to relieve prob
able congested ' attendance.- The board Is
preparing | to | build a ' school' In - Noe Valley
out. of the surplus in this year's funds.
Sentences Postponed.
The '•* casfes of William ; Buckley and
Thomas Moran, two of the four men con
victed' of the' murder of George,; W. [Rice,
the non-union. machinist at Twentieth and
Howard streets. , October, 11,' were called in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday. By;con
sent the A sentence of <. Buckley was con
tinued ..till 'to-day 'and' that of. Moran till
to-morrow. ... ..'.', ¦¦•.'• :J ¦'• ¦¦¦':'•¦ •'¦¦'¦: -'.. '¦¦': • '¦
':-. NEW -.YORK— Sailed March 25 — Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, for Bremen; stmr No
madic/ for : Liverpool. ' ¦ ¦ -
'BOSTON— Arrived Mar-:h 25— Stmr Ultonla,
from "Liverpool. - • .. , ¦-.• : ¦• -.
' CORONEL— Arrived March 25— Stmr ¦ Pem
brJkeshire,; f rom Portland, for Queenstown. ,
CARDIFF— Arrived March 25— Stmr Salfor
dlB, 'from Tacoma ,tnd4Coronel,;. via St- Vin
cent, C -V. ¦•¦¦¦. "
-LIVERPOOL- Sailed March. 25 — Stmr Syl
.Viinla, -for Boston. ' ' . • • >.. '.
MO VILLE — Arrived " March 25 — Stmr An
choria,. frpm.New York,* for Glasgow, and pro
ceetUd. -"-". : ¦; " ' «¦
• BOULOGNE — Arrived March 25— Stmr Stat
endam. from New. York, for. Rotterdam, and
proceeded.' ¦ . . --••j : - "¦
. PLYMOUTH-^-Sailed March 25 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee. -for Hamburg. Boulogne ' and - New
"HONGKONG— Sailed March 21 — Stmr ' Pak
Ling, 'from, Seattle and Tacoma, via Yoko
hama,'Hlogo and Shanghai, for Liverpool:
htmr Yangtse, from Clyde and Liverpool, via
Sinrfipore, for Seattle. ¦ . • .
SYDNEY— Arrived March 21— Stmr Sonoma,
from. S«n Francisco, via Honolulu and Auck
land. ¦ -¦" ' ¦ j> / -.'
OCEAN STKAMERS.
' MANILA— Arrived March 24— Br stmr In
dr.i.'an'.ba, from Norfolk;
SHANGHAI— Arrived March 24— Br stmr
Maristow, ;f rom ' Hongkong. . ' •
Sun rises :y,.. k .: 6:01
Sun sets : ....:...-. 6:26
Moon rises ';.'.;.. .9:05 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition • of the tides
the early morning tides are > given in the . left
band column and the successive tides of the
._• • 'Tuesday,: March? 25.'.- •;
Stmr Redwood, City, Hansen, 14 hours -from
Ulblcn.V ¦ • ¦ -¦ ,"v . . ¦ : ;.-. .v;.-, ¦..•.¦ .•'.
. Stmr Santa Barbara,- Zaddart.' 64 hours from
Grays Harbor;" bound south;- put.'in to land
passengers.'.- • • . •. .'. • . .-,.-. '
¦ ¦ Stmr Luella,- Olsen. 10 hours from. Iverseus
Landing. - - ' . ' ¦ . " ,' '-',¦ ¦ ¦¦
. Strr.r •• Westnort, Erick&on, 3S . hours -" from
Santa Barbara."* 3' "" " ' " •
¦>- Stmr' Alcazar,'" Martin, . 40- hours', from .San
Pedio. ¦¦¦ ¦¦.'¦'¦¦.¦ " _¦ . : --.'. •-¦¦ ' ( •.¦;" '""' .;>'¦
. ' Stmr ¦ Grace Dollar, ' Foeen, 68 I hours ' from
Grays Harbor. : r/SBMHRni
" " ¦' ¦- '. . ¦'. ! ' ¦ •¦'¦: ' ¦ "
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 20.
FROM . SEATTLE.
Sun., Moon ' and : Tide.
United- States ' Coast and Geodetic-' Survey —
Times and Heights of Highland Low
' Waters. -at- Fort Point, entrance to' San
Francises Bay. Published by^ dfflclal au
thority of the Superintendent...'
NOTE — The " high " and ' low " waters occur at
th<! city front <Mlsston-etreet wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than -at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The barkentine Tropic Bird was cleared yes
terday for Par>eete. Tahiti, with r a 'general
cargo* valued at $15,104. The cargo included
the following merchandise and producer
8C5 bbls flour. 22.050 lbs bread. 13.360 lb«
rice, 159,464 ft lumber. 50C.1 lbs peas and
beans. C3C0 lbs salt. 2134 lbs bran, 1200 lbs
lard. 4C5 cs canned salmon, . S\ cs assorted
canned goods. 100 lbs .codfish, 17 pkgs gro
cerit*,' 411 gals wine. 15 ctls wheat, 70 ctls
barl/y. 40 bates hay. 8 pkgs glassware. " 16
pkgs hardware. 3 bates twine, 32 colls rope,.
13 pkgs ehip chandlery, 1 wagon,- 6 pkgs sew--
Ing machines;. J 600 lbs- sulphuric acid. 42 cs
blasting powder, S cs caps and fuse, 0 bale*
bags, 23 pkgs mlllwork, 54 pkgs furniture. (>
cs show, 140 cs eoa?, 9 pkgs dry goods,. 10 cs
coal oil/ 3SC0 gals gasoline, .394 .lbs soda, 17
pkgs paints and oils, 23 pkgs bicycles and sun
dries.
A Cargo for Tahiti.
Wine and Salmon for New : York.
The ship Roanoke was cleared "yesterday for
Xtw York via Seattle with 11,381 cs canned
salmon, 4537 bbls wine and 430 bbl? asphalt
um. ..- V' ¦'¦'.'•¦"•
The British ship Dovenby^lall is chartered
for wheat at Portland for Europe at 25s. Th»
British ship Samaritan loads wheat at this
port for Europe at 22s Cd.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Among the Reinsured.
The British ship Speke, now out ninety-six
days from ' Adelaide for' Portland, was yester
day placed among the reinsured. She is quote 1
at 10 per cent.
TO SAIL
Ships on Auction Block.
The ship Star of France, the bark Himalaya
and the schooner Jennie Stella will be told by
auction at 2 o'clock this afternoon at the
Merchants* Exchange. .
Irvesti gates Charges of Cruelty,
Her.ry Dallemagno. the French Consul Gen
eral, was on board the French bark Rf-Ine
XV.anche vesterday afternoon for the purpose
of hearing the officers" explanation of the se-
The steamship Grace Dollar, which arrived
yesterday from Grays . Harbor, reports that
on March 23, off Trinidad, she sighted a. lire
ring, painted white and apparently new.
Saw a Life King.
Martin Martinson, a sailor employed on the
bark Electra. fell down that vessel's hold
yesterday and sustained serious and probably
fatal injury. " After being cared for at the
Harbor Hospital he was removed to St.
Mary's. - ..*"":
Falls Down the Hold.
The schooner Wing and Wing, which left
here October 5 for Siuslaw; has arrived at her
destination and is now loading cargo for San
Francisco. She left here with the , schooner
F. Danielson, bottt vessels being In tow of
the steamship Luella. According to a dis
patch received yesterday from Portland, the
¦\Ving and 'Wing reached Astoria in distress
rine weeks after leaving this port. She under
went repairs and seven weeks ago left As
toria for Sluslaw. She has Just arrived. The
distance is about 130 miles, which makes her
ruing for the last section of the . voyage aver
«_ge about eighteen miles a. week. The Wlnjr
an<i Wing has made severai long trips, but
this 'Jme she has beaten her own record and
• f a dawdler holds the undisputed champlon
ehip of the coast.
Wing and Wing's Weary Waft. .
The steamship Brunswick reports that on
March 24 she passed close to Blunt's Reef, off
Cape Mendoclno. but did [ not. fee anything of
the whistling buoy. She also reports that the
bell buoy marking the entrance over . Eureka
bar has been gene for three weeks.
Whistling Buoy Adrift.
vere punishment of seaman Joseph ' Verne,
who Is at present confined In the City Prison.
Incidentally the Consul examined the quality
of the food supply and looked Into the charges
of general disorder brought against the of
ficers ' by certain members of the crew. The
result of Dallemagne's investigation ! will be
forwarded to the French 'Government.
SCHOONER THAT WAS SEVEX .
WEEKS GOING. . FROM AS- ".
TORIA TO SIUSL.AW.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
• chants' Exchange, San Francisco, ¦ Cal.,
March 25. 1902.
iThe^Time, Ball on the. tower of the Ferry
building* wag exactly at noon to-day.'
I. e.. at noon of the 120th ¦ meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
. W. H. STANDLET, .
Lieutenant U. 8. N., In charge.
GLASGOW— Sailed < Mar , 22— Fr bark Ville
deMulhouse, for San Francisco. -; ¦¦ •
GREENOCK— Sailed Mar 23— Br ship Car-',
narvon;Bay. for — -¦-. ¦ '. . .„ „
N SINGAPORE — Sailed Mur . 12 — Ger stmr
AJrla,' for* Manila.' 21— Br- etmr . Lowther
Castle* • for • New ¦% York. ; .
-..FALMOUTH— Arrived;.: March \ 21- r Ger bark
Favorita," from. Oregon. ;. ' ¦: ; - . \
GRANTON— Arrived -. March : 21— Danish •¦ ship
j v niter, from r, Tacoma.' ..'-•. •- . . ,
TENF.RIFFE— Arrived ) March -, 11— Ger* stmr.
Hathor"* from:.' Hambure.'. for 'San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Ali'.r, 24— Br . stmr Em
press of Japan. 1 for Vancouver/,-
ArrUed Mar-ih-25 — Stmr Peru.' hence Mar. 5.
MELBOURNE— Arrived: March 23— Schr ' AI-'
pena from New;, Whatcom. ¦
-VICTORIA— Arrived, i March 25— Jap, stmr
Kaga' Maru;; from Yokohama ; , stmr Tees," from;
Alaska; , Nor stnu: " Tellus. hence 'March ; 21;'
stmr ,i7matilla,- r hence;March!22: Jap stmr Tosa
Maru, ~; from ; Seattle: . ¦•". i .'*S*lBW**S^iStWl3SaK«tt
U Sallcd.March'. ?5— JaD¦stmr^KaBaSMaru,^ for
Seattle; Jan: stmr Tfsa M,ani, for, Jokohama;
stmr-.l'rnRtlHa/.fbrj.Seattle.-.- ,";-•-. *:•? 4 .
• CO RONEL— Arrived ".March . 24— Br .:stmt
Pemhiokei'hlry.'-from rOregpn.'foriQueenstownr
, r CAKDIFF.— Arrived* Match 24— Br stmr Sal
fordia.-from'.Tacoma.
;¦ »¦¦ • i **•' V '¦ ¦ '
¦ •. ¦ : ¦ .'¦ ' : . ¦. - ¦ ¦';> '¦¦:¦¦.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW • ¦ YOHK— Arrived'. Mar ', 25— Stn,r
Finance," '¦ from " Colon. ; ¦_¦.>: . : . - ¦ >
EASTERN ¦ PORT.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived March 25 — Schr
Advent, hence March 15.' •..
Sailed March 25— Schr /Challenger, for : San
Pedro, i
ASTORIA— Arrived March 23 — Stmr Fulton,
hence March 21; -Br bark Brunei, from New
castle, NSW. ' \ ' . . .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 25 — U S stmr
Wisconsin.' ' V '
Sailed '.March 25— Schr Oceana Vance, for
• GRAYS ' HARBOR — Sailed ¦ March 25— Schr
Resoiute.-for Guaymas. • .
EUREKA— Arrived March £5— Schr . Bar
bara Hernster, hence March 23. .' •/
Sailed March 25— Stmrs Newsboy, Arctic,
Pomcna,' blrtn : Ruth and schr Fortune, for,
San Francisco. ' " ;¦':'„ \_ „. ._ :
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed March 24, i p m
—Stmr Chehalls.. for San Francisco, with schr
Fanny ' Dutard. In tow. ' for San Francisco.
• COOS BAY— Sailed March 25 — Tuk Charles
Counselman. for San Francisco. . .
SEATTLE— Sailed March 25— Stmr Queen,
for San Francisco; bark Ferris S Thompson,
for Blaire. 1 March 2-t— Stmr City of Seattle, for
£kagway. : - ¦: ¦ . '¦ _'. - ¦ ¦' •.
'. Sailed March 25 — Jap stmr- TosaMaru, for
Honjrkonr.' •¦¦'• ¦¦ " •_ ¦ . . .,,, ,' «, '
Arrived March 25— Stmr [Umatllla. from San
Francisco- - Etrar DesDatcli, from San . Fran
c's 'o; stmr •Kaca Maru. from-, CUiina ajiJ
Salted ¦ March 25— Stmr Janle, for Chatham
'iFAIRHAVEN —Arrived • -March' 25— Stmr
•Desnatch. hence March "0. ¦ . " . ¦/
¦TACOMA Arrived-, March 25— Br ship M:E
Watson from - Port Townsend.
-•Sailed '-March 25 — Stmr John S KImball, for
' -'neAH BAY— Pa* s ed out , March 25 — Stmr
Meteor for S?.n Francisco. ¦;.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed, March 25— Stror .W- II
Krufjer,- for Snn' Tedro: stmr Acme, for Re
"°SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 25—Stmr/Mel
ville Dcllnr.' from Santa" Barbara. ¦ ¦ :,'- '
Spiled March 25^-Stmr Seauola, for San
Frarclpco .with schr Zatt.pa in tow. - - •
J'ORT TOVVKSEND — Passed In March 2.V—
Jap ntrrir;- KaKa'.Maru,'" from Yokohama, for
• ROCHE HARBOR-^Sailed • March • 25 — Stmr
Meteor, for : San r . Francisco."^ ¦
¦• PORTLAND— Sailed -March 25*— Stmr Lakme,
for San Francisco. .'
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, March 25, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind N, velocity 20 miles. per hour. . •
TELEGRAPHIC.
Launched at Glasgow," March 8, P S N Co's
stmr Panama. ' . ' , ' ¦ ¦ •
LONDON, Morch 23 — Spanish • stmr I8la : de
Luzon returned to Suez. Kas rudder post car
ried away.- Repairs will occupy three weeks.
MISCELLANEOUS.
. Feb 23, lat 55 S, Ion 63 \V — Br ship General
Roberts, from Rotterdam, for Pucet Sound.,
Stmr Brunswick, . Dettmers, 21 hours from
Eureka. ! . • ¦ ' ;, : \
Stmr, Rainier, Hansen, 78 hours from ¦ New
Whatcorn. ¦. •¦..".';¦ . ' . • -
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Msndo
cino. • . ' -'' .' ¦' - '-¦¦'>¦ ¦ ~ ¦'.
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith,- 70 hours from'New
pott and ,way ports. : . .
Schr Marlon Topf«r, 10 days from Tacoma.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
. ; cleared: • ¦ - - /
¦ •-"'. .VM'-^. 1 ;-.;.., .vTu^day, March'25."-
. • Stmr . Aztec, * .Tra'sk, : Tacoma ; Pacific Mall
. Steamship Co. . ¦: • - ' ;
Stmr State of . California. ThQmas, San
Diego; Gocdall, Perkln3 & Co. '¦> ..'.'¦
¦ Stmr Santa Ana, Andresen, Seattle; E T
Kr.s?.- ¦ . ' ¦ >¦ .¦¦.-. •>•. i.v ".' ¦ ¦"-'
¦ Ship P.oanoke, Amesbury, New Tork, .via
Seattle; Pacific Packinc and Nav. Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackjon, Papeete; J Plnet
& Co. ' . . •
~ . . • ¦ SAILEp. • i • • •
¦ •"• , ' Tuesday, ! March 23.
.Stmr Noyo, Johnson.' Fort Bragrg. •
Stmr Westport. ErlckEon. ¦-. .-
Stmr Empire, Macgonn, Cocs Bay. ,, " .
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.. -•; . .
-Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, Moss Landing.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. Point Arena. . :
Stmr ' Aztec, Trask, Tacoma.
.Stmr Santa Barbara. ; Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr San -Ana, Andresen,, Seattle. •
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney. Coos Bay. i «.
- Scl-.r Forester.' Daeweritz. Vancouver. •
Schr J O Wall. Anderson, Eureka. \ ,.
Schr J B Leeds, Olsen, Eureka. ¦ . •" .
SPOKEN. - : . '
The big steamship has twin screws and
hK-r engines are of the best. Her electri
cal and refrigerating equipment is thor
ougLly up-to-date s>zA she will be a sub
stantial addition to the rapidly growing
fleei. cf big modern ocean steamships
running out of this port.
F*TT"^ HE Pacific Steam Navigation
) I Company *has just received word
f cf the launching on March 8 on
11 Ihc River Clyde, Scot and, of its
new 0000-ton steamship Panama,
The Panama was built by the Fairfteld
Ship-building and Engineering . Company,
Limited, and is one of the four eister
s-hips now under construction for the San
I" ra.ncisco- Valparaiso run.
The ether vessels, all of -which will te
launched -somo time this year, are the
California, Victoria and Mexico. The
Panama is 400 ieet long,, has 52 fefit.beam
and 29 feet depth of hod. She has ac
commodation tcr 130 tirst class passen
gers and for 2fr) in vhe stee'rage. and •will
carry a large •Quantity of freight. There
lire accommodations for carrying cattle
on the main deck, and the spar deck has
been fined with traders' stalls, a neces
sary equipment for the trade in which
the new steamship will be engaged. The
}'anama has been built to conform both
to American laws and British Board of
Trade regu ations, and her 'standard of
construction is in excess of Lloyd's re
quirements.
day. fn.tho. order. oCoccurrence. as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are, but three tide?, as
sometimes, occurs. The heights given are -in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except .when a minus (— >
Bign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower ¦ low waters. ; ¦ . ¦¦'¦..
Vessel Is a 6000-Tonner and One of Four Under Construction for, the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company to Run Between THis Port and Valparaiso.
French Consul Investigates Trouble Aboard the Reine Blanche
BIG STEAMSHIP FOR COAST TRADE
IS LAUNCHED FROM A CLYDE SHIPYARD
5
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^
C {Time Time ! Tim* Time • - - i
£ I Ft. Ft.: Ft. Ft.
»,- H.w l w : h w . l. ;
:6 0:« r..2| 6:6R 0.9 11:41 J 4.8 '6:501.2.1
27 1:20 s.l| 7:41 0.8 ,2:34I:U.3| 7::i2l, 2.5
L« 1:52 4.0 S:2S 0.8 3:2« ; 4.0| S:12| 2.8
S9 2:22 4.7 9:19 0.9 4:29] 3.91 9:U! 3.0
30. »:01 4.5110:12 1.0 /i:33 3.fi|lO:O4l 3.0
Jl 3:W) 455)11:09 1.1 6:35| U.0lll:17 3.1
1 1 4:40 4.2|12:0:< 1.1| 7:28| ¦¦ 4:1|;. :.. |.-..: .
Steamer.
I
For.
I Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Mar. 28
Dlrlgo. "...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar.' 2S
Dolphin . . . . '. . Skagway - & , Way Ports. Mar. 30
Cottage City. Skagway ;ft;Way Ports. Mar.' 31
Humboldt. . '. . Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.'' 4
Farallon.v. •,.' Skagway & Way .Ports. Apr.'tjB
Al-Kl.. ...... Skagway. &,.Way ;Port». Apr. '5
City Seattle. . Skagway ¦ & Way Porti. Apr; V 8
Steamer. I -Destination. .. I Sails. | Pier,.
March 20.
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
State Cal.. !San Diego & Way.: 0 am Pier 11
Chehalls. . . {Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
- ] March 27. . •...-, / .
E^-quoia. . . . j Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm|PIer, 2
jC. Nelson.. & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pier ,'2
Coos Bay.. !San Pedro & 'Way. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier i 0
San Pedro. .' Grays Harbor '. 10 am Pier 2
* • i ¦- March 28. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .¦¦<¦•¦
Pomona.... Humbolrit ¦< 1:30 p Pier. f>
G. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor . 4 pm|Pier 2
City Para.. jPanama & Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Lcelanaw. . IN: . Y. via Panama 2 pm|Pler-10
. | :¦¦¦ March 2O. -
Rival.... ..JWIllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pisr 2
Coronado. . j Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina..'.. Seattle & Tacoma;. 5 pm|Pier 8
Rainier.... j Seattle & Whatcom 5pm|Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier -',2
Humboldt.. Skagway via Seattle .9 am Pier 3
Peking. China . & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Alamcda. . . : Horfolulu :.,.....¦... 2 pm Pier 7
Australia..' (Tahiti direct ."•• — . 10 am Pier 7
G. Elder. . . 'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
. , j March 30. i
Aberdeen;. I Astoria &' Portland, ft am Pier 2
Eureka.... jHumboVit ......... J> am Pier 13
ISan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata. '..'.. Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier 1J
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier —
.March 31. / . < - .. -
Bonita..... Newport & WayPts 9 am Pier 11
April 1. . * - '¦¦'.¦'¦¦ •¦:
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am!PUr o
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma. ...... Pier —
April 2.,
North Fork. Humboldt .......... 0 am Pier 2
I April 3. • -
Newburg..'. Grays' Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier. 2
Columb;a.."1 Astoria &¦¦ Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Ktmball Seattle, & Tacoma:. 10 am Pier 2
- I April 4. . ;*.: '-¦'
Colombia.. I Valparaiso &' Way.|12 m|PIer 10
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I
Folmina I Nanalma IMar. 20
Alameda. . . . . j Honolulu |Mar. 26
Pomona * .• Humboldt Mar. 2H
G. W. Elder.. I Portland & Astoria Mar. 26
Rainier. •*•••) Seattle & Whatcom. . . . Mar. 2«
Sequoia.^...) San Pedro * Mar. 27
G.LIndauer. .! Grays Harbor Mar. 27
Rival *. .. Willapa Harbor Mar. 21
Del Norte. ... . Crescent City Mar. 27
Santa Monica Humboldt Mar. 2f
Hyades... ... Honolulu & Kahulul ... Mar. 27
Czarina t ¦ Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 27
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mar. '27
Coronado ."¦... Grays Harbor ...... Ms-r. 27
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Mar. 28
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. TS
Queen Puget Sound Ports Mar. 28
Progreso Seattle V Mar. 28
Eureka Humboldt ¦>. Mar. 2«
Crescent City Crescent City ....... Mar. 20
Meteor Seattle v. Roche Harbor Mar. 29
Pleiades Seattle .............. |Mar. 29
Lakme. . . . . .'. Portland & Astoria. . . .]Mar. 23
Gaelic. China & Japan . .. .JMar. 2>
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports, .j Mar. 23
J. S.tKlmball Seattle & Tacoma |Mar. 2:>
Mamlalay . > . . Coqullle River , ! IMar. 30
Newburg.... Grays Harbor. ;..|Mar. 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way PortslMar. :«)
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt .:..-.. . JMar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports ......... JMar. 30
Columbia Portland &, Astoria ... .|Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & War Ports.. Mar. 31
Colombia'.... Valparaiso & Way Ports'Mar. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.JApr. I
Umatilla . Puget Sound Ports.. ...\ Apr. 2
Hermonthis:. Seattle ;. Apr. '; U
Hong. Maru. China and Japan. ..... .(Apr. 6
C {Time Time ! Tim* Time • - - i
£ I Ft. Ft.: Ft. Ft.
»,- H.w l w : h w . l. ;
:6 0:« r..2| 6:6R 0.9 11:41 J 4.8 '6:501.2.1
27 1:20 s.l| 7:41 0.8 ,2:34I:U.3| 7::i2l, 2.5
L« 1:52 4.0 S:2S 0.8 3:2« ; 4.0| S:12| 2.8
S9 2:22 4.7 9:19 0.9 4:29] 3.91 9:U! 3.0
30. »:01 4.5110:12 1.0 /i:33 3.fi|lO:O4l 3.0
Jl 3:W) 455)11:09 1.1 6:35| U.0lll:17 3.1
1 1 4:40 4.2|12:0:< 1.1| 7:28| ¦¦ 4:1|;. :.. |.-..: .
Steamer.
I
For.
I Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Mar. 28
Dlrlgo. "...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar.' 2S
Dolphin . . . . '. . Skagway - & , Way Ports. Mar. 30
Cottage City. Skagway ;ft;Way Ports. Mar.' 31
Humboldt. . '. . Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.'' 4
Farallon.v. •,.' Skagway & Way .Ports. Apr.'tjB
Al-Kl.. ...... Skagway. &,.Way ;Port». Apr. '5
City Seattle. . Skagway ¦ & Way Porti. Apr; V 8
Steamer. I -Destination. .. I Sails. | Pier,.
March 20.
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
State Cal.. !San Diego & Way.: 0 am Pier 11
Chehalls. . . {Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
- ] March 27. . •...-, / .
E^-quoia. . . . j Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm|PIer, 2
jC. Nelson.. & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pier ,'2
Coos Bay.. !San Pedro & 'Way. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier i 0
San Pedro. .' Grays Harbor '. 10 am Pier 2
* • i ¦- March 28. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .¦¦<¦•¦
Pomona.... Humbolrit ¦< 1:30 p Pier. f>
G. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor . 4 pm|Pier 2
City Para.. jPanama & Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Lcelanaw. . IN: . Y. via Panama 2 pm|Pler-10
. | :¦¦¦ March 2O. -
Rival.... ..JWIllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pisr 2
Coronado. . j Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina..'.. Seattle & Tacoma;. 5 pm|Pier 8
Rainier.... j Seattle & Whatcom 5pm|Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier -',2
Humboldt.. Skagway via Seattle .9 am Pier 3
Peking. China . & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Alamcda. . . : Horfolulu :.,.....¦... 2 pm Pier 7
Australia..' (Tahiti direct ."•• — . 10 am Pier 7
G. Elder. . . 'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
. , j March 30. i
Aberdeen;. I Astoria &' Portland, ft am Pier 2
Eureka.... jHumboVit ......... J> am Pier 13
ISan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata. '..'.. Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier 1J
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier —
.March 31. / . < - .. -
Bonita..... Newport & WayPts 9 am Pier 11
April 1. . * - '¦¦'.¦'¦¦ •¦:
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am!PUr o
Meteor Seattle & Tacoma. ...... Pier —
April 2.,
North Fork. Humboldt .......... 0 am Pier 2
I April 3. • -
Newburg..'. Grays' Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier. 2
Columb;a.."1 Astoria &¦¦ Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J.S.Ktmball Seattle, & Tacoma:. 10 am Pier 2
- I April 4. . ;*.: '-¦'
Colombia.. I Valparaiso &' Way.|12 m|PIer 10
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I
Folmina I Nanalma IMar. 20
Alameda. . . . . j Honolulu |Mar. 26
Pomona * .• Humboldt Mar. 2H
G. W. Elder.. I Portland & Astoria Mar. 26
Rainier. •*•••) Seattle & Whatcom. . . . Mar. 2«
Sequoia.^...) San Pedro * Mar. 27
G.LIndauer. .! Grays Harbor Mar. 27
Rival *. .. Willapa Harbor Mar. 21
Del Norte. ... . Crescent City Mar. 27
Santa Monica Humboldt Mar. 2f
Hyades... ... Honolulu & Kahulul ... Mar. 27
Czarina t ¦ Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 27
Point Arena. . Point Arena Mar. '27
Coronado ."¦... Grays Harbor ...... Ms-r. 27
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Mar. 28
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. TS
Queen Puget Sound Ports Mar. 28
Progreso Seattle V Mar. 28
Eureka Humboldt ¦>. Mar. 2«
Crescent City Crescent City ....... Mar. 20
Meteor Seattle v. Roche Harbor Mar. 29
Pleiades Seattle .............. |Mar. 29
Lakme. . . . . .'. Portland & Astoria. . . .]Mar. 23
Gaelic. China & Japan . .. .JMar. 2>
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports, .j Mar. 23
J. S.tKlmball Seattle & Tacoma |Mar. 2:>
Mamlalay . > . . Coqullle River , ! IMar. 30
Newburg.... Grays Harbor. ;..|Mar. 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way PortslMar. :«)
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt .:..-.. . JMar. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports ......... JMar. 30
Columbia Portland &, Astoria ... .|Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney & War Ports.. Mar. 31
Colombia'.... Valparaiso & Way Ports'Mar. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.JApr. I
Umatilla . Puget Sound Ports.. ...\ Apr. 2
Hermonthis:. Seattle ;. Apr. '; U
Hong. Maru. China and Japan. ..... .(Apr. 6
¦THE EMPOBIUJM.; ., : ' ; | fi^ \ ' EMPORIUM. :V;-\- r j'"| : 1 .j ; tTHEvEMPOBIUM. . \ THE EMPOBIUM. . . ..
i']:Our':New] Spring C^/c^^^'T^ Emporium &oriom\st" is now read) r-iqr/dJstr/bufion: to out-of-town folks. Send name £
t£f- - ; ; :,. ,v ' ?:^'^ -^ . j
t{ Easter Novsttia s— Rabbits, egg*, chickens, Vucks^ ¦ /*&" ~ /-'.V'^i--- .'¦ On tho Sa os Tab/o*, 1 hurstfay, tk«* 3«
* fancy figures,' .etc., on second fiojrV'fio to $1. 25* \\ -jC&s <S^^ f l M^V* r; • - • will be 'effered. some beautiful Neck Ruffs, at i tpedal j{
J* Easter Card? and tOOkletS— The prettiest .' : V^^ r^^^5##y'>^/ti^'##/</y^ r i- Easter price, (about half); some extra Dreo Goods Taluei; *
S : V^Sf.QO. '" -^ hm ™fi"^ Orange Bows at a^rery special price; another, lot of pretty $
H ; _• .-• 1. ' n ¦ ¦ ; . :'j,,i. ,' '.'¦ • . , , V -CALIFORNIA'S 'LARGEST- '',.'¦¦ M*Jzl^2^^*l^^ • -¦ f.amed pic^ires; Men's Eister Furnijhings: Women's 9
f/ Easter £tj !JO '/OS — Piain colors, gromctrical designs, „^ LLJliUllrJly^^^'^^^^ " ¦ •' ' ' ' *" ¦ ' 9 '..;.••: •*
fc° picture"; ror.-po'sonous; special, per pacJ aje, 3Cm - ¦***^^l!l!l*''"* N AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORC ' G'.ovrs at -»c, etc., e.c. „*
J^ ¦ — ' : " " " ' ' : '"' — " .' ' " ' — / : " "'''""". '• '¦ ' "''"' ' '.'".: — ; — ''¦,'.''' ' . '[ " .].-"'. ' . . "'- — " : '¦ S
* Men's Easter NsckwB^r :y?^l j^^^'-. Last Day of . r oy f C^ 3
j Best 5Oo Values. M^^^ Easter Veiiing Safe. SaiJor Suits C # i
*I the lacrst noveltia f.r the comirg season, in /^^^^^^^^^^®^>^5w» Nove ty Cl.ingS, at-about- half regu ar J r.CCS, has Thtsc pretty new stvle /^S^y^K X
f, all ofthe fa3hionab'e.shapts. The new nar- !P@lS;^^^^te'^|C^ crowded the main aisle' and- th: 'Veiling Section fcr Blouse Sailor Suits for /I i&r f\ '$
t£ row Ea: ti: in a bow, the narrow Dirby /j'll^^ ' two davs. Thry arc ; positively lh: ¦ best veiling boyi 3 to io years o f / jT u j .%
g Four-'n-Handtotiema .rn.11 knot-to be / fl'TOp^^^/ v/u-s eve off:rfd in^his city. But a limited quantity age-handsome b'un [> !?, I J5
?» worn with a high bandcclhr, and the. Im- L «lffl|, ! ..'>•" " , . , 7 _ , . \ , ' browns, red and fancy \ QjyVk \ tt ,J ,%
£ . p:rial broad end 10 t"e in a knot or once over; l^^^fc^ % s^, rcmainJ of some of the. Stales. - I O-d»y IS Jhe last mixtwej, in all-wool M , . y VmJ&' S
5* . /in', fabtici, ; patterns and colorings that you s i ' ¦|\ s vH chi 11CC to buy at thesC.pnCfS. ' ' ¦•'; . # .. '¦ «ergsi and chtvin, y*m>2*~%iA
JC . wou'd exprctta payat least 7CC ' _1 ' ' <^lJN E^N. ' . 1 »t V f j 1 ' j .<.* j'-t- ee P "Uor collars 1 "\ I I '«
{. icr,Vlmarktd.. •'. : . . . '.^SOC , : V V •^-^ .. . ' ; Import.-d Novelty Tuxedo Veunp, and a.» -pla.n f - trimmed with silk \\\ / *
S. ' '• ¦ • -7>^ rr..*.A~- w ;»h.« r »»«. n»f , p,.l «n,»h Wi than nt, Eatte^ /Site 'once . . ,. LfG • smciehe braid em- \\ \ \ I i
K f FOUr Big Specials N^eky ,Brus«s Net^Veainji,^ with cKenille dot and fancy Ao;«'f; In ( black, or -whltsi j^^ broiiered shieVs;. a \Vj\L/ 5
t- ¦ . For HoUSVkGVpSrS. "/¦¦¦ ¦Bil^TkiCmJn {yim^^^Sfei^Aii] or d'amJnd. s"poi; - the" uiioW mcit 9 q brbJu S «ht° T her-'anJ WW I
S D-corated China Tea Cup and Sauefr, a good • papular crars for hat <V.p;s ard face vei I; the 50c per yard quality for A^&C '. 4, v t i,jj w . e k f or j. 1|/ W {
S'v .; J^—^,. ¦".•¦•"• mtrant'a article ''or Impoif'd Novelty ChifF.n Vei.'i; $2.30, $3:00 and ;4.qp^va:ues; ' Ea>ter, Sale —~ ' H 111 "'!
A ... fS^r^jfS- ' cv.iy Vay met fold edge pticV, :«ch ; , . : ' }• .• . . . . . '. ¦ ..';. ¦ ..:. • ¦¦ •'-'•• \j • • • • •¦ »" JO $3^45 ' J# IM !>
5 ¦ ¦^JC^/'^J^'JmLI ' wth pinlc niwrrSj the T.T~- ; — ~ . , , ~Z .*..•• . «!
% w^^^^ wbe $*ao Summer Wsight Vests, 28c* -y^ x \. . — — ' ' i
SS^^^;"";^ 1^ Here'is a before Easter sp.-c-a'. in th: Knit Underwear M&A\ A Special Saia of J
K Eroativr Oako JfVvoff-8-inch and HsicryD.paitment that is wcl worth inyesvgkt- #3^ Boys' Goif Shirts. *
S- blade,' good .steel,- enam.-lei' wood' handle; • ing. .O.I 1 , Wedne day cn'y vve 'will place on ' f p cial ••*"/ Mads of good quality Percale — In p!ain*Rn<s $
% ' ,/regu'ary 35c .Wednesday ...... .123 sa.c 50 , dcz:n,:of our recu ar 50c Summer" Weight ' VSl • linen and fancy stripe effect*, with cuffs to JJ
S WirC Old' hea Liar.— Heavy gauji, Vests— 'ow neck and ro fleevcs— square yoke; .very' \K \ " match-a large variety of patterns, and a «
I .hight..galv,n,ze; i non-ru^e- wirv^oo j]y l.nd-crotheted, eoler , black, vvhitr, cream, :jS ] \* [%*'£ Urgd ' n |
» JCU,* .cgu>r:y 3 5c;We;V.day22o. nk / ndxsk b - us; a i 1 ' t J z?s . Importcd ve$ s " of tne /%^^Jf\ °°* " ' / '¦ ",' " ' ' **'* %
3' ¦ '' : ' ' • • < # — ! ; 1 ' : — : — ±— ; — j \V ! if^> ; i|flA' I Pleated besom Golf Shirt, the popular shirt for *|
I Best Hour 87c, i^;'^:^^^©^>^|g \^ifl|^p3 &XJTS JS? SVZ I
/JSperrys Trifled-: SroW. or Gclden Ga'e All-OvSr TUCkl'tiffS, \W§ll IPHlT shades of red, blue, an, gray f o j
JS ;• Flou -On s f ecial . sah. Wednesday _only, t» vfry ,„ , e ,; ne of h , ndsjme AM-Over Tuckings wi:h lac^Wrtors, V™ V^^\ ' and f^f} ° a h " C ?' * 9'mOU S
w sack.., .;..¦... . v .^ . . . 87O a - fo p! an Tuckinys that we have just closed out from a Urge jobbirg . ' ¦" t -J
•J Coffee— Best Java: or Mocha,. e:th:r btan or 'hou e, will be on special «a:e Weinesiiy oiil/ at OnO'th rt» lestthatt rog* __ - _ US '«
¦Jf ¦' - ground; Wednesday, lb '.; ¦ .'¦>. ¦'..-. 29 3 U r\ t . p ia <*S /These All-Ovcr TuckirgJ are made' from the best «niil ti«4 o*. Nainsook, M Sit S fatiCy nOSICry* Jl
"•• \Vash!lij{ 5oda — Wednesday 29 lb** 25t ' Swiss and Cambric, ;h pretty yatterns, w'nh good quality of Plat..Valenciennei Insertion. Thry A very good quality of Men's Fancy Horiery ia jj
•5 /Ghiraide It's .Crcund, Chocolate - i -lb tins, are" very desira?];,' indee^i, lor summer waisti and froitirgj.'\...\ : . .."•*¦.•¦¦;- a varie:y oFpatterns comprising all the new S
Jf^ ¦¦';.. Wednesday .'/I ..'.••..¦:.¦¦:.¦.".:': 25O 50c quil tt'S . . . . . . : . ¦ ¦ 33O . $J-75 qualities . . . ¦ . '-. ~~.j'. * '.' $1,17 ideas in suipes — around, vertical and em-
i? " Soda Crzcurj— Fresh 'and crisp: on Wedne £ - 75= I^ 1 '" « '¦• > f^pf^ : ' • * 3 ° **** -^^ -' ' •" ' ¦• m r\^ "• *'• S * bro.dered; are marked, per pair .. Of » jj
fc day,3-lb'cmbn S : , ; :, • .• v . . 17 O . 5 1 . z 5 q «l't ; « • • ••• • • • 84O .* 2. 50 quality .. . . \ . .;..-, 67 . . . . . . . ...... ZOO %
% Cream iChoccla'c— RobeVn*/; that "delicious vfr'-SQ qualities .,.,...' -•- • $1 .OO 53-ooqua;ity . . .'...¦¦;';. 2.<lQ ' jj
k- choco'ate that requ res nj crejm or sngar — . ,..-. _ . •¦ -..- ,- ¦ ~ '. ' r ~ ¦ .-;- t .. :•- ..... ~ "- ~ '. ! j(
J you just add hot water- tin. v . .. . . 2Bo ®~ — . • ¦ / — ~" . . : . . -V Rfl 2 rscn z id S atocn, f 4 o • 15c Cretonnes 9c. .<«
If Brizl Nuts— New crop, extra larje/lb. /5c The L?rg& S Z* \ V e have ¦secured a special lot of 600 yards of Our New York buyer picked up at a mano- 2
t» • ¦¦¦'¦¦- ' -' , '¦¦¦. V-' :'.'!¦' ¦.,.'.' ¦:""'. -PrinCtaS de GneS these popular' mercerized "sateens, 3a inches »acturer's sale 1363 yards of fint-cla» Cre- £
If'" Fine L'tSUOr Sn a ci£l t im ¦ WV «» ¦•>'" r»c - ' •! •' .- V-l't. •' v -» l« c j »•"-. :¦'' 1 tonnes at a htt.e more than half the usoal Al
Jl '•."¦¦. " *•&»* u^^bftiOf ; #S/Vta#»Q .» ffit* 25a wide, a cloth suitable for uid;rskirt3 or dresi - ™. , . v . . , , «
* v ..^.,1.11. Rr,,.rU nr . m w~. .. - r 11 . . • %0igari> \» lur A^sn* '.••-, • • . ¦•• cost. The regular price that dealerj always C
JV :S-ncmaSatUrre-S. yt ars'old,eicel!entuWe Q \ . ' .._..' ... O Wednesday only; yard '. . . . 14O P« yard. Ycu will find them on the •
$¦ '¦.. w i B e;.Wcdneiday,-'galon-;«.-',. i .' , S5o ¦ V- i - ' - - . ' ¦ .- ¦- ' ; ". ,~— — V-V.' coant=rs.nthemam ante Wedneriayfor SfG j
5»" Porter— The ; Pher.ix biew,. v Jbrsi domestic;- > . Postal AibUinS. DfSSS SillOltfSm "' 2
JV. Wednesday, doz.-n. ;:.... .,3/. #V^ Sav; your souven : r postal caris. They are the «*«*i «-.*»«», w«»« «»*••**« OJ nnn Moihnfi ISZr* *
A«MinmlJW. : t^Rh^|:imp^d^6mlOer^ j^litw^faze^Th^ytcorneTjrbrn all parts of You'll reel several pairs for your new spring -« rJttnu IWttiliMUU IOC. JJ
f. many, a natural' sparkling .•aperient, -recom- the wo.H; We offer a linen bound book- to frocks;; ithli. tpsc'ul lot ot 8oo pairs for Kohler's Practical Piano Method, in paper J
2" mendtd by' the" best '.phys ; c : ans; on Wednes- i preserve them in, with cai dbcar J page. Wednesday . only, fine quality siockinet, covers; a ipl.ndid edition published at 75c >
A" day, ' puts, dozen, $1.25: quarts, doz n .'• • • 'Capacity, 152 po.nl cards; neatly deco ated medium «z;, a good 15: per pair Q Va volume, on sale Wednesday -jj- {j
ft. ¦-¦'¦¦. . -. .' . : .;:...:. ..$170 "' and latt.-activ.-; , only ...... $1.OO vilue, -are; marked ..... . ./ I *Tlr only . .. . . .• . . .- . . . iOC J
i t P CE AN : t TRAVEL.
PacifioJCoast Steamship Co.
•-• '-. ;' • eteamers leare-. Broadway
llW;- v -'ij"-— "'.Wharf,' San Francisco:
Lg^SRrw i - For Ketchlkan. Juneao
B^^S--' Ekagway. etc.. Alaska-U
s.mT. March 7. 12. 17. X. 27.
f^^^l AprU *• <**"*• , tO aJ?fiL'.
fayttftg^.-SW ¦¦ i»nv'« rteamen at Seatti*.
•SlSBES^ai For Victoria. Vancouver.
', r^^BSttBA Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
' ,HHmufc\ coma. Everett. Now wj»»-
<Los Arireles)-SpolCTne. Sundays, » a. ta..
Etate of . California. Wednesdays. »••»>_..
For Los ' Xniteles. calling at '8»f t *9f?rd
Monterey. - San< Blmeon. Cayucos Port ""'J 0 ™
(San Luis Oblspo>. Panta B » rb * r *T,.^™ £i
Hueneme. Kast San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport (»Bonlta only). - €
* Honlta. 9 a. m.. March 7 IS. ¦»«; Anrtl 8..
-Coos Bay, 9 a. m., March 19. 27. April *.
For F-r.sir.ada. Ma*dr.lena Bay. San Jose del
rabr.. Mazatlan. A ltata. T.« Pa*. S"" 1 *, 1^",:
lla and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of «aon
month ¦¦: •'-'•-.¦*- ' - ¦ ¦
For "further •Jnfofrnatlon obtain folder.
Rlirht is.. reserved .-; to change steamers of |
"TICKET "'OFFICE--* N « w Montgomery
street <Palace HotM).
GOODALL. PFRKINS A CO.. Oen. Agent*..
... - -.. . 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
LAST |xciiRSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO,
A DEilGHTFUl VOYAGE.
Only fCO.Cinciuding meals and berth, for the
round trip, on' board the Pacific Coast Steam-
Fhlp Co.'s" steamer CURACAO, leaving SAN
FRANCISCO APRin 7th. due back April 27th. -
calling a't'ENSENADA. MAGDALENA BAY.
SAN JOSE DEL.. CABO. MAZATLAN, AL-
TATA, -XAi-.FAZ; ' SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS, Mexico.
For $20' additional excursionists can return
from Guayrrias 1 by rail. For further particu-
lars, inquire - at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery ttreet (Palace Hotel), or lO.Mar-
ket street. Sqn^Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' '.. • -; '': FOR— -,
¦¦¦¦ LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR V. JUNE 1
/VALENCIA .".". • • u.JUNE 7
And fortnlghtlv thereafter durlnjr the season.
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31. re-
spectively, - connect .with above steamers.. The
new and , elegant" steamships Senator ' and Va-
lencia made . regular trips to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loas.
mishap or t delay. -For passenger rate* and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street i (Palace Hotel). • .
,GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.: Genl. Agents,
... .10 -'Market St.; -San Francisco.
6;R4/V.eb,
Only Stenmahlp Llo» «o i
PORTLAND; :Or;,ov
And Short Rail Mns frr»m Porti.ii 1'tw.nU
points Eaut. .Thrbnfth^T'sS'*"' *?(»'•
"• points. •»'» ra' 1 oi»'"«tei»ni«Mp'ntHr'all*, t!
. • . ¦ X.O'VWBIBII 1 . HATH3. " :"! " ..'.
STEAMKB TiCKST3 lNOLnDK BERT4 aal MZU.V
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.':. Mar. 24.T April 3. 13. 23
SS. GEO..W.1 ELDER Sails.... ?...::....;
. ".....-..-..:....:... Mar. ,2!>. 'April 8. -IS, "23
Steamer sails 'from foot • of . Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 8. F.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ....;.,...*:
m-rr. ' VC r.Tv; . TTt . . Saturday,' March 29, ? 10 a. ' m.
SS."ALAMEDA.;for Honolulu..... :...*.-.";¦';;:. --
:.'. '.':.'.•'."..¦.'. ;.*... ..Saturday. March 29, 2 p. m. -
SS. SIERRA; for Honolulu, /Samoa, Auck-
¦• .land and Sydney ...Thurs.; April 10, '10 a."-m.'
j. D. SPBECKILS & BROS. CO. ; General mi, mintii
Gei'l Pass." Offlcs, ' 643 Market st-V Pisr lo. 7. Pacific St.' '
v Winter Trail Now Open to
Npme;Te!lerairid St.Michaeli;
For passenger and express rates apply to -
".': - TRANS-ALASKA . CpMPANT,'. -
' :,V Crocker, .building. ::
- Operating, stage lines between Illamna { Bay
•Over five ". thousand Heine. Pianos are; in un«
in San Francisco and not -one can b« had out-
elde of-the company's warerooms, 235-237 Geary-
street. ¦• AH ' the • leading musicians use and 'In-
dorse the Heine Piano..,* : . .
SPkciALUsALE AND SPECIAL
'¦'¦'¦:-^\ -;^ .jT^iSCqUNtS;', 1 ,^"-"---. ¦; :
On 100 'standard' makes, flnclud Ing i. One Knabe.
«»H: 1 Haynes. ?im>; 1 Conover, .9215; 2
Chlckering. ?185; l'Heine. *200; 4 Stelnway,
IK1 MH
¦ -Rents. .$2' up;> Installments, $3 up/-, Come
•5=nonT:Ba'le: vflll 'close on completion." of , the news
Heine. f.V- '¦ \." .$?'.:. . [:' '¦;';. ']¦
_ ?'~* sBn^r^^' '"'^ r^LW K JM^L^a» V* BaB t- mfS aWRL ji BBai : *.*
-235-237 ¦GEARY STREET.
OCEAN TBAVEZi. '
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan (streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
°8«ctlng at Hongkong with steam«n for India.
etc. ' " No cargo received on board on day of
SS* HONGKONG MARU
-....Tuesday. April 15th 10O2
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th, 1D03
Round-trip . tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT- General Aynt.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vaporas
To Valparaiso.' stopping at Mexican. On tral
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, i: ra.
COLOMBIA .. April 5 GUATEMALAl-Aor. —
TUCAPEL . . .April 1» PALENA May —
I These steamers are . built expressly for Can- .
tral and South American passenger service. (N«
change at Acapuleo or - Panama). Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Acents.
MANAMA R,R,^
TO NEW YORX VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Friday, Map. 23
S.S. Argyll nails Friday. .. May 2
S. P. — — — — » ——^—^
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office.' 330 Market at.
I - ¦• . F. F. CONNOR. Pacific; Coast Agent.
COMPAQSIS OEN EB ALE ' TRAlf 8ATLANTXQ1TS
UIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
bailing every Thursday, instead of «rcnZJfe
taturaay. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, mJSmMm*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AOE.NCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).- N«w
York* J. F - FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets told by . all Railroad . Ticket Agents.
AMXIRICAN XjXJVJUI.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St Paul.. Apl. 2. 10 amjPhllad'pha.Ap.16.10 am
St' Louts.. Apl. 9. 10 am St. Paul.. Apl. 23. 10 am
-- ,XUBIX> BTAJB. XjIIVX).
NEW .TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. '
FrieslanoV.Apl. 2, noon IPennland.. Apt. 14, 3 pm
Southward.. Ap. 9. noon 1 Vaderland..Ap. 16, noon
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
; , -30 Montgomery st.
CHAS. P. TAYLOR. O. A. P. C.
SAT AND HIVES STTiATYTrTRS.
F^FuTsT NAYY YARolilAliH
; Steimers GEN.- FRISBIE or MONTICELIO
9:45 a.m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun" .
day Sunday. 9:-l5 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. - Leave*
I Vallejo 7 a. • m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. exoapt ¦
Sunday.' Sunday. 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. tn. Tar* 50
cents. - Telephone Main 130S. Laadlna; ana
office. : pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.'. .:.. -. -. . '¦•'¦•'
0A CH1CHX9TCH'S CNCUSH
ip^#*S(nc<k »« bed "4 c«u Bfum* t»i« K «i*j
is\ S^H/3 Hb <"""1bboa. Take &• etaer. Sefat*
Vl ?* T» »••€»••• ».S«t1t»tl— . ..d Imlt*.
I / . i r. tfeaa. , Bay >f jtmr Dracstev «r >«b4 4<s ia
* - d «»»P« (Wf Partl««l«f«. TmOii*iU1i
-A. 1/ - tun Mail. lO.OOO TnHmhIw!. B&dht ¦
BAJA .GALiFORN^A ,
Damian a Bitters
IB A*' GREAT ' RESTOKATXVE. IN.VIUORa-
tor and Nervine. ¦ ' •
' The moat ' wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both s*xe«.
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of Um Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on, its own mertta.'
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
;¦,••» Market st.. 8. F.— <S«nd for CircuUra,}
i 5|j>aip' lnjection. <
! i; • A -PERMANENT CURE 1
I 5 of the most obstinate caees of Gonorrhce* i ' -
I 5 ' a»d Gleet, goaranteed In from 8 to 6 < ,
I c dajs ; no other treatment required. '
j ••'•' • : - ¦• 8oldl ?^i 1 fli l ?!!!f*.!.'.- 'I
ADVEBTISEMENTS: . .
What this Boy's
Mother Says
has been said by the mothers of
many other boys and girls, re-
garding the wonderful curative
and strengthening qualities of
Maes* Nervine
%
Hasting, Neb.
- "Our little boy, Harry, had spasms
for 3 years and we feared the disease
would affect his mind. Though we
doctored continually he frew worre and
had ten spasms in one week. Our at-
tention was directed to Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine and we bejan its n?e. 'When he
had taken the fourth bottle the spasms
disappeared and he has not had one
for five years. His health bow is per-
fect" Mrs. B. M. Tindall.
Dr. Miles' Remedies are sold
by all druggists on guarantee to
benefit or money refunded.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.•r One 'bottle i of I Burnett's • VanJlla Extractlis
better, than three of doubtful klnd..Thouyh c*t'
ing a fewjeenta more per, bottle, ; its purltr and
great sUensrth make" it nloat economieaj brand.
"HOTEIj" DEL, CORON ADO."; choicest IWlntei
Resort '¦ In the , world, T offers best llvins," climate,*
boating, bat hln* • fi«hl nu V and - ¦. most ~ : amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager," Coronado, Cal.
: woman;s club in\ New: York rhas taken up for ; .
discussion the startling problem, "Caii a .woman love
two men?" and nowafscore, orlso of irate husbands" 7
have ibloodTin "their eyes looking for the '"other ¦ fel-"<
low."-..' ¦¦- ; " ' ¦ ' ' . . .. • ".'"¦. ' .; '-. .,-,[', ' '.{¦[-,
. It' is estimated; that .'nearly^.OOO.OOO tel
egrams are - forwarded / every . year the
world : over.tRBBSVwlBMBHHHBaH
-;H. Newman: Smith, .a ; Boston "DtoVn«»
tor in 'South Africa, is recognized asonl
ofahe best linguists in Africa ¦ »efwn5
nine distinct langmages , as : well I P^ \n
numerable native -dialects. ¦ -¦
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c a
j/ound, in » nre-etched boxes " or JaD bas
kets.' A nice present for Eastern fr'ten?!*
C39 Market at; Palace Hotel bmidlng i
"¦"School Director. Denmani has" taken the public ; into
his: confidence to 1 the ; cxtent of - announcing that ,' he
willj-'soori be one hundred years' of age. This"' fact
should prompt ; in the old gentleman sbrne: very, seri
ous :¦ . • ; ; ¦ " ¦'. '« if.
France wants us to supply the material from which
fhe shall manufacture her perfumes. It might, be
jrell for her to leave us alone and buy .a product
fcrith which she cannot expect ito^ compete.. .
.Carnegie has. offered $200,000 to Denver for a
library site and building. If this book-exchanted
money girer continues he / will have to seek* for cities
yet unbuilt upon which' to lavish the extravagance of
his library dream. ' ..,;'. • ' ". ¦>
- Special .' information supplied dally to
business houses and public "men bv ?»,«
Press t qiipping Bureau .(Allen's). 230 Cajj
f ornia street. ; Telephone Main 1042T •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib'at Townaend'..*
-'An', Oakland .man died the other day after having
• smoked 73,ooo cigarettes and { tried . at the same tiriie
toVsolve the. mystery. of existence: .-He^ seems to have
.oVerlooked the 'fact that; either dose would have been'
sufficient ! for a clean cut case of suicide.
Ex. Btrcne hoarh'ound candy/ To trnsead'i'
-There >s strong probability that Kansas will see the
wkdom of increasing the number o.f her insane asy
lums or of introducing the. ducking school as a pun
ishment for malicious and impudent. women. A fol
lower of Carrie Nation horsewhipped the} Mayor *pf
Topeka the other day and escaped: merited r chastise
meai.':' ' '¦'•', '. '' '•¦ '- . " '";¦ ¦¦"'
When Bryan- was 'asked the other /day what ; he
thought-of; David Bennett Hill as Democratic candi
date for. President iri 1904 his sole reply was "Ugh";
so nowjwe know there is at- least" one v . subject- oji
which the wordy man of. Nebraska is not : willing to
talk.' ¦¦*• ¦'!&'$¦ ) r ii . - ' '.'.'" :¦ . . ¦;•" 'v--^,
• "THANKSGIVING DA Y-G. H. J., City. 1
Thanksgiving day hatT its 'origin in. the
New . England portion of* the United
States.- The thanksgiving service was In
the . Plymouth Colony , in , 1621 ', when Gov
ernor Bradford sent out men;to get 'wild
fowl to help the feast.,. It. was in. grati
tude for the rain after the drought and
for, supplies of sorely needed food- that
were . received. > .
/¦/ TO RENEW MANUSCRIPTS— A. O. S..
City^ .Old manuscripts;- if the paper ha3
riot/been destroyed, may be '. renewed by
takingr a hair pencil and washing the part
that has . been effaced with . a solution of
pi-ussaite" of potash in water. when the
writing will. again appear.
xThe; distinguished members of the French House
ofjpeputiesseeni to' have reached their normal men
tai' balance 'at last. '.After a" fierce debate of four
"hour's they^granted amnesty , to all military offenders
and then in fi ve . minutes : rescinded • their action. This
! appears 'to. be normally French. ,v -
.THE. SEVENTY-FIRST— N. Y., City.
Iho Seventy-first New „ York . Regiment
was the first # to' send a company out from
that ¦ State "during" the . Spanish-American
war. It was Company H that left New
York and went to Camp Black, April 29
18S8. .:':¦;, -" - - ;, .- : '.
BOWING-rL. K. T., City. The "general
rule of etiauette is,' that on the street,
when 'a,- lady and "gentleman meet, the
gentleman should wait until he is recog
i:lzed by the lady before, bowing to her.
:-. Edgar Wallace, the Pretoria correspondent* of the
London Mail, recently wrote, to his paper: ''I.iam
biased toward optimism, and while dispas
sionately every advantage we have, gained during- the
past few months, I must confess that I see no reason
why; this war should not at this time next year be
boAvling along as merrily, as. "ever." Nay, two years
fromthis time will' still. find our troops engaged.'iri
operations; in Northern Transvaal.',' If that, be what
Mr. Wallace • call optimism he must, be one of the few
Britons .who likes /the war and looks upon it' as'a
g o6d;thing. •¦¦;;:: : :v , . '
PRESIDENTS-H.. Williams, Colusa
County,, Cal. President v Hayes . died- at
Fremont; O., January 17, 1893. President
Harrison died at Indianapolis, Ind.,
March 13, 1901. .' . <
. RIGHT AND LEFT— S. A. R., City. In
Great Britain foot passengers and vehicles
always ' keep to the* left. In the ¦•United
States the rule is to the right. .
THE CARDS— A. H. G., City. In the
game of double-pcdro the cards in the last
deal are counted as. follows: High, low.
Jack, game and pedro.
I RAIN IN CUBA-Subscrlber, Alameda,
Cal... The rainy season "in Cuba is from
the middle of May to the middle of Sep
tember.
In the recent r dispatch from London announcing
the. proposed organization of an 'American club iri
that city it was said the movement had been under
taken because the big "British clubs objected to
Americans ; but now. comes the , statement j that
among^the committee appointed w t0; organize, the new
club are Lord Kenmore, Lord Craven; Lord .Suf
field and several other, members of the British aris
tocracy. It looks, therefore, as irthe "American"
club were to have a heavy -British coating. "on; the
top at any rate,' and can hardly be regarded as an
evidence of British; objection .'to American coin or
LILLIAN RUSSELL— G.H., City. Lil
lian Russell, the actress;^ was. born De
cember '4, 1860. '¦'..'
.-;.; ,j . ¦ ¦¦;.«5 <.»;•"¦'
Miss Adelaide,-'. Murphy has • returned
from Redwood.-^ .; ":, ; - "-'" ';"
. " Mr..: and , Mrs.V-Walter ' S.' Martin and
James D.JPhelahJ are in Italy. *.
. , Mr.) Morris Davis' has .returned to this
city after an extended trip abroad. .
¦¦r' !•, .'•:'¦ ' '•*• . '"¦'• > ¦¦'.*' -"A* -¦ ¦*'" ¦'.¦¦ "•¦:¦¦•]/¦> '¦
Mr. " arid Mr3. A. Repsold are . at Santa'
Cataliria Island. ': / . .
-Mr. 1 - and',Mrs.;C. F.Welty, are; enter
taining the Misses Schussler in their Cin
cinnati : home. _ . '.'
The- ladies; of Laurel Hall Club r have
three r S sections well - started. ¦ The ¦ civic
section has : Mrs. W. • R." Parriell " as chairs
man. > The t 1 object ;6f this is ; to : interest
visitors to ¦ California: in .the' central r and
northern parts of the" State, as heretofore
many * Eastern*; people" have thought^only
the.*: southern ; part worth ; visiting. \ ; ; The
ladies 'of ; the French ; section .' are ; making
good , progress .under j the'; able.A leadership
of Mrs". ! J.I Martlnon.V The ; third ; section,
for the study iof Roman and Norse myth
ology," haar Mrs. O.-AVThayer as chair
man.: ¦:.':¦ . :-<:.'.'¦'..-../ ,-.• '.
v Mrs'- -William 'S.'. Tevis' is entertaining
her. mother, Mrs. Romualdo . Pacheco, who
will r make a .visit of several .weeks. .
¦Mr. Horace Davis is in '¦Washington,
D; : c.; ' ¦..;¦ :^y\ ;¦-.''•;•*¦ i ' ¦ ;•¦ .,;•;¦' '• .
Mr.i and Mrs.' W. E. Lester entertained
a number of v friends Monday r evenirig, the
feature of interest being a: : theater- party,
at" the Columbia and .supper afterward.
Among "the .guests were 'Mr."' and r Mrs.
George ' : Lent, •_ Mr.", and ¦ Mrs.';- -'Samuel
Knight, Miss Georglna JonesrMf. 7 . Harry
Stetson : and 'Mr/ Gerald Rathbone,"- " '
•Mrs. A; Fleishhackerf and Mrs. Simon C.
Scheeline gave an . informal tea yester
day, afternoon from 3 to 6'0'clpck attheir
residence,' 2110 Calif ornia ; street. The aft
ernoon was. very enjoyably spent.. •
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins was hostess at
a card party I yesterday afternoon In the
conservatory; of the Palace Hotel. . The
guests^ were delightfully ' entertained.' . . '
> ¦ •-¦ . .. . -.-..•..¦ \ .. • ¦:.• \ .'!¦•' ¦¦•¦¦ ¦
Mrs. Lioveir White's reception to the
California Club yesterday afternoon was
a brilliant success".; During ', the entire aft
ernoon'the clubrooms were thronged with
scores of members,' - who . called ' to pay
grateful homage^ to their former presi
dent, happiness - reigned supreme."- The.
affair was marked" with that harmony
which has formerly characterized the.
club and which will abide with it In the!
future, '¦; now that all .differences have been
so amicably ' adjusted.- ' Mrs. White was
assisted in .receiving by "the old, officers
and directors, a3 well as the newly elect
ed ones who have Teplaced them; Every
thing '.'was. perfectly arranged. . The dec
orations were, simple : but artistic. Deli- ¦
cate refreshments were served^
"ABBOTT— T., City. Emma Abbott, the
slr.ger, was born In Chicago, December 9,
1S4D. -. . ;¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦ -
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the leaders of both parties in Congress
are doubtful what course torpursue with re
gard to the .Crumpacker resolution calling for an'in
quiry into the election laws and methods . of certain
States, and a report a? to whether or no they are in
violation. of the constitution. It is a harmless
sounding resolution, but there is no telling what'
would be the result of precipitating a debate upon; it..
The controversy raises a question of, principles
against practical politics. It is welt known that' in
many of the Southern States. the negro vote. has been:
almost totally suppressed by various forms of suf
frage restriction. Those States, however, < cpntinue
to hold in Congress. a representation .equal to that
which they would be* entitled to were^ there no.such
suppression of vote. . The question, then, which will
inevitably follow the.inquiry and the report 'called
for by the resolution .will be that of " determining
whether these States shall be deprived of representa
tion in proportion tothc suppression. of their voting
strength." . . .:
As a matter of 'principle the issue is quite plain. -
The constitution provides that when .the/right '•; to
vote, is denied to any' of the male inhabitants 'of?, a
State, being 21 years oldand a citizen of the. United
States, or; is abridged except for participation in re
bellion or other crime, the basis of. representation
therein shall be reduced in the . proportion in which'
the number of such male citizens shall bear, to the
whole number of male citizens of 21, years of age.
That much is clear, but if,is v also clear, that the at
tempt to enforce the iule in this case wouW revivethe
old sectional issue- and drive the now progressing.,
elements of the Southern white people ; back :. again
into the ranks of Bourbonjsm, and thus, restore the;
old situation of a'solid North in conflict with a solid
South. , : ,
'The perplexity of. the leaders at Washington is due
to the fact that neitherside knows what would be
the result of an agitation of the issue, \ The Repub
licans arctaware that.the North desires ari ; end to
sectional strife, and is convinced that Booker Wash-.;
ington has found a better way -to the solution, of^ the;
negro problem than any; politician of the time; - On
the other , hand,- the Democratic /.'leaders are"
sure that the North would not support the South oji
the question if »it were oncei made anassue in- politics!
Each side, therefore.: is inclined to fight. shy of the;
measure. . The " Republicans have riot - been able to.
get a majority-of'theparty 'intoa caucus 'to "consider^
the resolution; and the DemocratsNn a 'recent cati-J
cus carefully avoided^discussing it. ,V.:tTi / ."
There is j a proverb in our language' which ".' says :"j
"When in doubt, don't.". It would^seem'.to'b'e wis
dom-6n;the part of the statesmen "at -Washington "to
follow ¦ the'; teaching of ¦ that . proverb aft this j uncture
Unless^sdme' one can';see clearly 'what is- going, to be
the good of forcing the Crumpacker, resolution it
would better J>e let .alone. The people of the last'gen-j
ration . had ; a 1 long ..; experience .the sectional ami \
facial . problems" growing out ' of efforts ,j to - regulate
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
CRUMPACKRE'S RESOLUTION.
The other'; day Count von.Bulow.^in replying to, a'
question; 'from Herr * Richtcr; j - the -¦ radical .leader, • on ;
the subject of imperialism, made, an elaborate state
ment and then "startled the Reichstag by .saying to
Richterr ''What more do you ask of me, sweetheart?"
The phrase/ is such ti vast improvement on parlia
mentary language that it may be followed, and Von
Bulow may yet be looked up to as the man who re
formed debate and made it a thing of sweetness and
love. .-¦•• -
CLUB WOMAN
GREET FORMER
PRESIDENT
THE Crocker estate has decided to
erect.' a twelve-story . instead of a
ten-story hotel -structure at the
¦ corner of Powell and Geary streets.
The plans were drawn for a tw%lve
story building, but "It was origin
ally intended that ' the two extra stories
would be added at some future time, when
the business of the hotel would warrant
the increase." The managers of the estate,
after taking into consideration the gpeat
increase in the number of visitors that
come to this city .during the Winter, have
determined to have the additional stories
completed along with "the rest of the
structure. They have also decided that
the entire completion of the hotel at the
present time will save a world of incon
vfenience"',aX^*sofije subsequent :time,.:when
the'bulldlrig be full of guests! |
-The adauioi} ot .two. stories ,wUl mean an
increase [01 '- severity-eight rooms, . making
the total "number 433-:. The- original ap
proximate cost- of the hotel, $1,500,000, will
b£ swelled to : SI, 690,000. It will be more
economical to erect the great hostelry to
its fullest height now while the mechanics
are all engaged and the scaffolding and
other ' apparatus is Vail in plac© thart
later on. ' . '- '
The work of laying the foundation has
been progressing most favorably and the
huge iron' crane will , soon commence to
swing- the ponderous steel oil the frames
work Into place. It was expected that
the hotel would be ready to register
guests In about. two years, but. the con
struction Qf two 'additional j stories will
probably lengthen the time somewhat.
One of the notable . features of the
.Crocker Hotel Is to be the lotmging-room,
.which Is. to.be fitted up In the most lavish
manner. .For a considerable time there
was a ¦ debate as ,to .what J color , should
predominate in this apartment, but it has
.Inally been decided that it shall be done
In green marble, with Pompeilan red
panels and ornamented with dull gold.
Another conspicuous arrangement will be
the balcpny, which wijl overlook the
lounglng-room. Thi3 balcony will abut
from the mezzanine floor, on which will
be situated ;the. banquet-rooms and the
reception-rooms for the guests: at the ban
quets. ¦ • • . • ¦'. ¦ •-•
HOTEL. NOW sBEING ERECTED BY THE CROCKER HEIRS ON THE CORNER OF POWELL. AND GEARY
§ STREETS/SHOWING THE TWO ADDITIONAL. STORIES . PROVIDED FOR- IN THE REVISED PLANS, WHICH
WILL ADD NEARLY $200,000- TO THE ESTIMATED COST. . vVJ '">; : -"5'- ¦
The State Board of Trade'that is now engaged in
devising plans and providing means for upbuilding
Northern California might' well give -some of its at
tention to this matter. The .various counties should
be urged to make a display in the city, and to fur
nish an ample supply of pamphlets or other forms of
literary description of their resources 'and their in
ducements for capitalists, home-seekers and tourists.
If the work be undertaken by co-operation it- will
cost but little to any one county, and if it be entered
upon promptly the display and the circulars can be
provided in ample time. The whole issue in a nut
shell is that we are to have this summer riot less than
100.000 visitors, and we should do what we can to
induce them to visit olher parts of the State and
either to make their, homes with us or become-per
manent consumers of our products.
It is scarcely necessary to point out that the mem
bers of the two orders represent . the best and the
dominant clement of the American people. Thty are
exactly the class of people from whom we -wish to
draw new. settlers for California, or. failing, that, to
win as new consumers of the products of California.
It will therefore be worth our while to' make special
efforts to provide in the city. an. easy opportunity for
•all of the visitors to see a comprehensive exhibit and
<iisplay of the products. of the State. •
It is now estimated that the Imperial* Council of
the Mystic Shriners will bring* to the city something
like 40,000 visitors. The session of the. ' Supreme
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias, accompanied,' as it
will be, by. the encampment of the uniform rank
and the session of the Supreme Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters, the woman's auxiliary of the Knights
of Pythias, will bring to the city upward of 70,000
visitors. These' numbers are riot merely guesses at
the unknown. They are estimates carefully made
from reports to the headquarters of the two great
fraternal orders, and mty therefore be 'relied, upon as
being approximately accurate.
Without counting minor conventions which, will
meet here this summer we are to have two on a scale
of the first magnitude. These are the Imperial
Council of the Mystic Shriners, which is to be held
here in June, and the session of the Supreme Lodge
and National Encampment of the uniform rank of
Knights of Pythias, which is to be held. in August.
Were there to be no other conventions than these
two the summer would be marked by a notable op
portunity for advertising the State among men and
women who arc here to sec it with their own eyes
and to realize the marvelous contrast it presents to
Eastern States, where the spil is less fertile and the
cJimate less propitious.*; .'
REDUCED railway rates and the pleasant cool
. ness of our summers have made San Fran
. _risco one of the favorite cities of the country
for national conventions. For several years past the
frequency and the magnitude of these conventions
have been increasing, tnd it will be remembered that
last year we- were virtually a convention city through
out the whole summer and entertained many thou
sands of visitors. It is now to be noted - that - the
coming summer promises to bring even larger gath
erings of visitors than last year, and it. is time \ve
were making preparations not only to entertain
them with hospitality, but with business sagacity, by
revealing to them something of our vast ,. resources
and of our many advantages for the investment of
capitalor the establishment of homes.
OUR COMING VISITORS.
for the' moral elevation of man. ~ That such
a movement once started will extend there can be' no
doubt. \Ve may soon see processions of many na
tionalities and commuriions'/f.instead^of one as now,
wearing tlie green on the 17th of.' March, and every
church open that the preachers of all sects may ex
tol the. Scbtch apostle of Ireland and hold his life up
as an example to air men, in courage, faith and hu
mility.- ' ¦ ;• . /-
Dr. Van Shaick-said^of him: 1 . "St. Patrick's bap
tismal name- was 'Succoth,' or 'brave in battle.'
Even so he was: Not when trumpets blew and ban
ners waved and shouting men charged an enemy, but
on those, battle-fields where, one intrepid soul faces
the darkness- of a nation, and by ' its majesty and
power hurls back the hosts of evil and of ignorance
and crime.' On those battle-fields of our lives /.may
the spirit of this saint lead us'to : victory." ">'¦¦]'-
This may-Be a new departure/ but it is as good as
sect and belonged to' the .broad .brotherhood - ' oi
Christianity. • : <• .
Oh'the.same day Rev., Dr. : Gardner of. the Plants
ville* Baptist church, Connecticut, declared that St.'
Patrick wps a Baptist and all', of that faith should
wear the shamrock on his/ day. He quoted the rec
ords left by the saint t'o5 prove ¦ that he knew not
purgatory nor transubstantiation/and was ignorant of
the Hieronyan vulgate." ? He -, baptized all -his converts
by immersion, and was really the pioneer Baptist
missionary .¦•-; , : . . . " ' ¦ ,
Laymen will find no fault with this evidence. of a
tendency to broaden the- lines and take to the gen
eral fold all the worthies who' in ' any age have
THIS is an' agecfTdisiilusion:. • William Telf has"
'been eliminated* entirely. '- Gfesler's ' cap • on ; i a ;
pole an'd -Tell Uiooting- an apple off his .^oyj'^
head and hiding an arrow in"hisundershirt to.use on"
the tyrant had ; ;he\mis'sed' the. pippin ; ahd 'hit; his.bby'
is ; set down as all'a heroic; romance. ; Farther" back
Father' Abraham, with -his trying- domestic 7, expe
riences with Hagar and the interruption of his;sacri
fice of Isaac j ; is > put '.down as a myth borrowed by the
Hebrew Homer from the legends of Assyria.-.Wash
ington never chopped down the .cherry tree, and the ¦
last words of great : men ; are inventions, to- impress
the [imaginatforfTnj the people. Macaulay has stripped
the broad brim off lhe~ liead of VWilliam. : Penn" and
presented him, as. a fawning courtier and a sharp
dealer, in large blocks, of real estate; , Now" comes;'a
new. St. Patrick; clad in 'a class !' of ' attributes that
make a different man ofhim. . , : ;- ' . . •'.•.;¦ -.
- OnTthe Sunday; •before. St. Patrick^ day. Rev.'- Dr. ¦
Van Schaick. of- the Dutch, Reformed church' in ;
Washington •took^the. Irish saint ¦ into his corrimu-/
hiori and extdlled.hirtias a missionary who at the age
of 16 was torn; from his^birthplace-in Scotland, and
sold into slavery to the wild people acrpss the chan
nel. When he became free he' remained to preach,and,
going. from tribe to!-trib?, persuaded them to 'desert
their gross gods and"reform -their worship. f He de
clared'that-Patrick belongs to all Christians, and that;
his day should be observed by all, as he was of. no
A NEW ST. PATRICK.
The .Board of '- k Supcrv isbrs is; again considering : .the'
advisability of putting; a ' new ¦ roof , on- the. City Hall.
The" building, has already, cost more 1 money by five
times than it ; is .worth, ian'df now *to'i take the roof
off for '.another .'downpour, ,6f/gold i'for scheming con
tractors scems'-to; be about' the limit- of .official im
pudence: ,.: r r;;;': : - : > v :;,-.;'-;'.;:.,_v.r'^,..^C--' r;: '' r :
WEDNESDAY .ff. : ... . vMARCH 26, 1902.
JOHN" b. JSPRECKELS. " Proprietor.
nv- : AUnn All Common icatfou. to W. 8.. LEASE, Ktugtr. .
.HAXAGER'S OFFICE.. ...... Telephone Presn.204
{ I'UBLICATIOX OFFICJB... Market and Third, S.* F.
Telephone I'rcai 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
— -Teleiriit>ne- Prew -SO2.- • - • - '— -
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weft.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*. ,--il^ •
Term* by Mall, Including Poatagret 'i ' H
DAILY CALX, including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL anelu.llne Sunday). C months :. 3-00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months l.M
DAILY CALL— By Elnjle Month... .... C3c
SUXDAY CALL.. One Year .......•........;......... 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year ".; -••'• 1-00
All postmaster* lire anlborlr.eil to receive
mibwcrlptloiiw. .- ' ' •.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. \* ,r\i
Mail subscribers In ordering charge 'of address should be
particular to eive both NEW AND OLP ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. . .......... ..11 IS Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGXESS.
Kttiftr Tcrtigs AdrertUing, Kar(Uttt Boiliia?. Chieiji
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: *: ".,i__'j
C C; CARLTOX. .....:.. Herald Square
¦ : ':¦¦¦'-•» KETV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:' . .
1TEPHE.V D. SMITH SO Tribune Dallrtlng
CHICAGO NEWS. STANDS: ';.
. Shermam House; P. O.. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel ;
Fremont House; Auditorium' Hotel. " ' ' . '?:;•'?>
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St.. N. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correipondtnt.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
-Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. . Brentano, 31 Union . Square;*
Murray. Hill Hotel. - ¦ . ;
BRANCH OFFICES— 527MontBomery. corner of Clay, open
until 0 :30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. f«r!
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. «13 Larkin. open until
9 :30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. - 2201
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. : 109C Va
lencia, open unttl 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and- Kentucky, open
, . until 9 o'clock. 2200 FHlmore. open until 0 p. m.
If the great nationi have any mission in the world
it ouglit'to be as examples to those who are back
ward and-weak. ,Th£ spectacle of all these' nations
agreeing not to use poison, nor kill prisoners, • nor
slaughter the defenseless in any "war, would impress
the many countries which are not permitted to sign
this treaty. The parties to it are all Christian ex
cept Turkey and Japan. But nearly all the Christian
nations of Central and South Amcrjca are exclutled
and the great empire -of China is not. a signatory,
nor is Korea. This may give rise to the suspicion that
the Christian nations-left themselves free to make in
human war on that theater toward which their am
bition; is largely looking. To those" who are pleased
to.$ee,them agree to,. be ..humane as war can. be,-be
tween' themselves, this treaty will be, gratifying. But
a far larger company; would have been better pleased
to see them agree to abstain utterly from acts that
revolt humanity. '- ';*.'•'' s£%'jp ¦.':.. '. ; :•
We confess some- impairment of ability to see' it
entirely in that light. \ If the treaty were '^restrain
ing agreement binding parties to.it to refrain -in all
cases from the acts \vhich it.prohibits, it would' de
serve the- praise bestowed upon it. But- its terms
make it binding ~brily between the contracting par
ties, which, are the 'nations, permitted to enter- The
Hague conference. Iri case of war between- two ; or
more of them the treaty controls, but it ceases to be
binding. if_ one of_tne '.belligerents.-; is joined .by. a
non-contracting partjy; Nor is it binding upon any
of the contracting parties at war with '¦' a . non
contracting^ party. Now in our' judgment the high
est thought, of the. age is that' the acts prohibited
should not be used against any people at war. They
are acts abhorrent to. morality and humanity. Yet
the strong nations that, make this' treaty merely
agree to abstain am^rig themselves, but holtl them
•selves. free to employ poison, kill treacherously,
slaughter prisoners, niassacre those, incapable, of de
fense and do all the other nefarious things they are
not to use against each other. ,
This treaty is lauded as proving the superiority of
cur times, and in the Senate it was said that its rati
fication would place Uhis country in accord -with ; the
highest tliought of the age. ¦ *
r' The important part of the -treaty is this clause: "It
is" prohibited'tb" employ poison or.poisoned-arms; to
kill or wound treacherously individuals belonging to
the hostile nation or. army; to kill or wound .an
enemy who, having laid dowrVhis arms, or having rio
longer "means I of • defense, - has surrendered ¦ at discre
tion; to. declare that' no quarter will be; given; ito
employ arms, projectiles or .material ot a nature to
cause superfluous injury; to: make improper use of a
flag of truce, : the nationaLflag or 'military ensigns
and the enemy's uniform, 1 as well as the distinctive
badges of ' the "Geneva convention; to destroy, or
seize i the enemy's property, unless such destruction
or seizing be imperatively demanded by the ;iiecessi
ties of war." *'...' .- • . . .-¦
THE.- new treaty defining what shall r be acts of
war, that has gro\vn ; out of the Peace Confer
?ence at The Hague, is 'well enough as farastit
goes.- The parties to it are i Germany, Austria, Bel
gium, Denmark, Spain, the United States, Mexico,
France, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, Japan, Luxem
bourg, Montenegro, NetherJands, Persia, Portugal,
Roumania, Sweden and Norway, Turkey and Bul
garia. .; yf'-yf. ', -¦ " \ ' " '-," -.'"' ' ¦.-... ' - : . ¦'/¦
HUMANIZING WAR.
CROCKER HOTEL TO BE ERECTED
TO HEIGHT OF TWELVE STORIES
It is the desire of every patriot to get rid of > sec
tionalism 1 , and it is worth while to make something
of 'a sacrifice* for the -sake 'of preventing a. revival of ¦
the: o*I <j conflict.' Congress' may safely leave the de
cision of the^cpnstUutiohality of. the. Southern suf
frage jaws to., the* Supreme Court,"/ and the advance-1
merit of the negrojto the -educational and industrial;
movement now so well "directed under the leader-,
ship, of ' Booker Washington. The Crumpacker
resolution then; for the rest of this session at any
rate, might as; well be used '; tot •¦ line . a pigeon
hole in a committee-room. _¦ '' ; "
the Southern -States ' from ":- Washington, '¦'} and ;¦; 'they
were unable to devise, a solution to'any 'of them. It
is "not likely that this -..generation .would , have
success/- "*,-¦ '¦ .'{."¦" ••/¦« <-l\ ;.'••'".. .. 'M '¦ ¦'•.'.'"• - i'.'\
THE " SAN GALL, MARGH 26, 1902.
6
?KinsEMENxa. ¦; -
Central — "The Man-o'-Warsman.".
AlDarar— "On and Off." * *
Columbia— "The Christian." " " ' >
Orpbeum — Vaudeville. ; -
Grand : Opera-houEe^"La Toeca." h ','¦'.-. ¦-, ¦-¦ . ,
Fischer** Theater— : "r.ltUe Christopher." \ ""•
California — 'TThe. Denver Express."
TivoU — "The Serenade."- •*-;'-%.; '.
Mechanics' : Pavilion— Norrls & Rowe's Big Shows/
t Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. ¦
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
¦ 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
AN EASTER NOVELTY.
% . . A } Easter ladles Uke to appear in
their new gowns. Nothing adds
more to their appearance than nob-
by and snappy footwear. Here are
• our. Easter specials:
Ladies' fine patent leather lace
shoes, dlill matt kid tops, new coin
toes and French Louis XV heels;
nattier In style and better in ap-
pearance than shoes offered for *
more money elsewhere. All sizes
and widths; the price only $2.35.
THREE-STRAP SANDALS.
A . sandal like this is not offered
every day for $1.35, so come and b«
fitted. i . »
• Ladies' fine vici kid three-strap
sandals, coin toes, hand turned
soles and ..French heels; all > sizes
and widths. Price *L35.
We have a complete line of la-
dles'* misses' and children's sandals
and slippers for Easter in all styles
and colors. , -,...*.*
. Easter rabbits given free'to chili
dren with every purchase. ,
COUNTRY ORDERS , SOLICITED.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE icb.
»O THIRD ST REET, \ \
San Francisco.Byington on a ; Trip.
. District Attorney., Bylngton, - who is act
ing ! grand \ president - of - the' Native ¦- Sons,
has • gone : pn an \ official visit ' to Humbold t
and--. Delt/Nortes- counties.'. He will
absent for about ten days.
F.H. Pag>e Passes Away.
F. H. Page, the well known; real estate
man, died at . St. ; Luke's Hospital ., early
yesterday morning from an'. attack of
heart r disease. • The deceased was '. born
in Rhode Island about 60 years .ago and
was one of the- early 'emigrants to this
State.. .He leaves a: brother and a- sister,
who reside in the East. - .
: Mr. Riordan wanted to know, if the com
mission had. any objection to games like
euchre,: casino ; and" such for -cigars 'and
drinks. > president- Newhall. declined <to
commit the commission -on -this, delicate
subject, 1 so Mr. .Riordan promised to abide
by ; whatever ; suggestions might be " made
unofficially.-;:; ¦¦ •; u{: ¦ ¦'¦--.:¦- .-. • ¦¦.- -•„
'Then; came . Henry Ach for the Cafe
Royal. £..? ¦'"¦ .f-v "'-¦¦ ¦'• "-¦-•¦'.' ;¦¦...- ¦¦
:v He explained that the 'poker rooms had
,been leased by, the proprietors of. the Cafe
Royal * to >a : social r club organized un
der : the States laws, with a^bona- fide
membership / ; of .;.- over .• : 100. The rules
. of •' the -; club.- he v said. v stringently • pro
hibited the sale: of \ liquors,, and on tone
except actual members would be admitted
: to the i club. "¦.- Ach , f or 'the ¦" gen
uineness of , the lease and said It : was held
by " parties ' entirely ¦ independent of ' th"
proprietors. of the Cafe Royal. ¦ ;
;Tho Implied -threat;. byi Mr. ;Ach of • a
damage;, suit .did not ; f eaze : the," Commijr
sioners. -When; the:; roll was called ear-h
voted "against -- renewing '.the,' license ' in ia
single^empnatic' negative. - ¦
¦_;,When' objection ?l was 'made to the re
newal "of ¦ the : license > of Austin :. Hutchin
son J at 2418 VGreenwich- street • Hutchinson
said,; Policeman', Lycette hadV.been,in T the
habit; of. playing: poker, in, his place. 'The
matter v/Hl be investigated.* :¦
Despite the, pleadings of Henry Ach," in
which tenderness, threats, pathos, honey
pnrases '¦'•.'. and - verbal castigatlons were
strangely mixed and kneaded, thePollce
Commission last, night delivered a death
blow ¦ to tho famous Market-street . poker
rooms .; known ¦ as • the Cafe Royal. , The
equally; well known Baldwin Annex es
caped extermination only by. promising to
bo good and pledging: that nothingwnich
had - the semblance of a card . game, ; even
though it be merely to' while . away tho
•weary hours, wonld be allowed on the
premises.- ¦::¦}-''-' V.^ : -. ;:. t - .
The matter of these licenses- was among
the first reached at the commission meet
ing; and the Baldwin Annex came to 'the
front first. "Attorneys Thomas " D. ¦ Rlor
dan:and'Mike H^rnon represented the pro
prietor.;of the place and readily promised
that no card: games' for money f\rould be
conducted. : » ¦_.>'¦',.:¦ i . - - , - -.;.- .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tPHOENIX, , Ariz., March 25.— The visit
here to-day of B/H. Harriman,. president.
of-<the Southern Pacific, , and his party
was marked .by* an : event not on the pro
gramme- and came very, near ending in
a -tragedy. Mr. Harriman's, party startod
for a. horseback ride about the city. 'Miss .
Mary 'Harriman,; a young daughter of the
ranway magnate, was no sooner- In "the
saddle 1 - than "her bronco began buckin?.
With -great cleverness the- girl kept her
seat. As, the vicious bronco bucked. and
side-leaped Mr. Harriman and fifty other
men rushed to the rescue, but' could not
get qear. the. plunging animal. .
smiling/ Miss Harriman sat like
a veteran >. .'.'bronco > buster" until the
horse felland rolled upon her.^ The brute
was 'quickly rolled aside and ;Miss Harri
man was found to have escaped as though
by :a' miracle' with - only slight bruises
about the ankles. ¦ ' :- : -* .- > s : ¦ -;-
Miss Harnman Has a
Thrilling Experience
V in Phoenix.
miss loners. -
Petition of Proprietors
Denied by Police Com :
REFUSE LICENSE
TO GAFE ROYAL
BUCKING BRONCO
FALLS WITH HER
. ¦
HROUGH the efforts of the school
I 'children of Berkeley and of Ala
,1 meda each of those towns will
. J-L shortly have - Installed in appro
priate places a bust.of the late
President William McKinley.
The bust which will be placed in the
McKinley School on Dwight way, Berke
ley,.has been completed by Robert I.
Aitken, a sculptor of this city. The work
of art was secured by popular subscrip
tion," principally through the efforts of
Berkeley school children, although the list
was headed by substantial sums from two
different lodges of Berkeley. j .'
Durant Lodge No. 268, Free, and Ac
cepted Masons,^ contributed $100 and Pe
ralta Camo No. 123, -Woodmen of the
World, gave $25. The other $525. was raised
by small contributions. •' ••
'•The-bust will be cast in bronze and be
placed In the main entrance of the Mc-
Kinley School and will be mounted on a
(Little Miss Adele Ehrenberg . of'^the
HaJght School of 'Alameda, who was the
originator of the children's movement to
place a;bust of President McKinley in the
new home for the Alameda Free Library,
is the chairman of the general committee.
Miss Dorothea Van Orden • is treasurer
and secretary, and . Miss Ethel. Brown ¦ is
the assistant secretary. .- It is intended to
hold a meeting. of the general committee
in the near future, when plans for obtain
ing further ; contributions' from Alameda
will be outlined. 7 '..,. .
. ' marble r pedestal:. ; The da?: It Is -unveiled
appropriate ceremonies .will take place.
The' bust .Is expected tcr be put in -place
¦some-timo.Uhls^t^rm.i''; v..'"' : ' : '' -
r Conspicuous among the artistic interior,
ornaments of the new Carnegie building
¦for. the free public library in Alameda will
be v . a splendid life-like bust of the late
President^ the tribute of the school chil
dren ojt, Alameda to. the : memory of the
last martyred executive of the nation! On
deposit in an Alameda bank is $125 to the
credit of Miss Dorothea Van Orden. treas
urer of the general committee of the: pu
pils having in, hand the raising of funds
•with which .to purchase the bust. All- cf
the money was ¦ donated by Alameda
school children and forms the nucleus ot
larger' contributions that are expected.
When the total has, reached a figure that
will warrant the purchase of an ; appro
priate bronze bust of McKlnley-the gen
eral committee. will place the order.. • ¦-..
BUST OF McKINLEY. WHICH WILL.
BE PLACED IN ALAMEDA LI- \
JiRARY AND BERKELEY SCHOOL. '
Liability of the Belgian King.
' United'. States Commissioner George E.
Morse yesterday filed 'his report In the
matter of R. Dunsmuir Sons Company vs.
The ¦ Belgian King to , limit ; the liability
of -. that vessel for damages caused by
colliding with , the Tellus several montba
ago. The. Commissioner reports the value
of the cargo of coal plus the interest to
be $2,563 flO.,; -• . . ' , '. -y : . ';
VICTIM 0? STREET CAR ¦
ACCIDENT CONVALESCING
CiL. Harvey, Who Lost a Leg in El
. lis-Stteet Collision, "77111 Be
Taken Home.
C. L. Harvey, the young medical stu
dent who was injured in the street car ac
cident at Ellis and Jones'; streets" on
March 16, is slowly convalescing. Two
daye after the accident the doctors found
it "necessary to • amputate his right leg
below the knee. The operation, which
was . most euccessf ul, took place at the
Lane Hospital.' -j • . .:
The unfortunate young man is the son
of Peter Harvey, local agent in this city
of the Baltimore > and Ohio Railway. He
will be removed from the hospital to his
residence pn Devlsadero street the latter
part of this week.. : . - _ ¦ ..,.-.
j X Nettie Ryley Acquitted.
The charge of robbery against Nettie
Ryley was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, as . 6he was able to prove a
complete alibi by three witnesses. She
was accused by Archje Hutchinson of be
ing the woman who went through his
pockets while two masked robbers held
him up on Post street, near Leavenworth,
Friday night, March 14. . -\-j .-\
Florence Smith. Makes Denial.
Florence M. Smith filed an answer yes
terday to the suit for $50,000 damages
'commenced against her by Mrs. Annie- M.
Smith a few months, ago. Miss Annie
Smith accused Florence of, willfully tak-
Jng from her the love 1 bf hqr husband, C-.
J. Smith. In her answer Florence denies
having done any such thing. ¦ . iU:
¦ ¦ Lovers of coffee will, in all i probability,
have 7 to pay T . more' for the { cheering bev
• erase I this ' year owing to a shortage In
: the coffee .berry crop of Central ' America.
- It was learned yesterday that the crop
for I this .: season will be I short j about 40
per cent. •-; According to. the latest statis
itics and estimates,- the ; coffee : berry, out
put of Central America will be about as
follows : - Guatemala, :, JO * per cent" 1 of the
average;*- Salvador, .CO- per cent; Nica
ragua, an' average crop of very small pro
portion, and Costa Rica, 60 per cent of
be?2563S0. ¦¦;.:¦¦• .... . '- -. 5 „.
- ' A member of the firm of Otis; McAllister
'& ¦ ¦"• Co. stated -.yesterday that the oause
of ' the shortase was partly due to 'the
heavyicrop of last season. -He - explained
that when the coffee trees produce heavily
In one year, they . fall : below the average
the next season. ? Too much rain in Bomo
quarters r. and not enough moisture in
others: have, also had their effect. .
\Last. year, > the coffee imports at San
Francisco. from Central America. and Mex
ico were 225,947 bags; Hawaii. 17,815 bags,
I and Java, 3968 bags.. No particularly large
arncunt of. coffee comes here from Brazil,
the great coffee producing country. .
¦ , It is estimated that tli6 importation of
coffee to San Francisco ' this year will | b
about 160,000 bags. Shipments commenceil
to . arrive last month and will continue
until the -end /of May. About one-sixth
of the Central American coffee crop' comes
here,' a similar amount' goes to New -York
and two-thirds is shipped to Europe.
Small . shipments >of coffee are looked
for this year from .the Hawaiian Islands.
It is stated that in Central America labor
costSfthe coffee 1 planters about 10' cents
a . day, on : the -gold: standard basis, while
in the ¦< Hawaiian Islands, Chinese and
Japanese laborers • now .• demand »' from J25
to ?30 per, month in gold currency. Under
the-' contract system in: force in* Hawaii
before annexation laborers received from
$8 to- $13 per month. For .these reasons
it is stated .in . commercial' circles that
the outlook for' the .Hawaiian coffee
planters is a very gloomy one. ¦ ,
. At the banking^ rooms of the". .Union j
Trust . Company: . yesterday .the -sum^of ;
$9,250,000 was paid to. the 'shareholders; of j
the Market-street 'Rail way, who. recently!
transferred their stock to the " Baltimore i
syndicate. The shareholders!; received
checks drawn on the Nevada Bank of this
city. ¦ ¦ - ¦; .' ¦• - ¦ ¦'• - • / : •
1: : W. Hellman. Jr. stated last- evening
that the Union Trust Company had in
¦strueted the San Francisco Clearing
house to hold the checks until to-day, it
Is believed that the clearance will be the j
largest- In any day In the history of the!
banking business in San Francisco. Three i
of the largest stockholders of the. Market--!
street Company, . H. . E. ' Huntington, :]
George CrocKer and General Thomas H. J
Hubbard. received their share of the pur
chase price In New York.
',- Although the Baltimore syndicate is]
iiow" in complete possession of the road, ¦
there has been no. change in the man- •)
agement. The board of directors of. the •
Market-streeet Railway met yesterday and
awarded a contract for the erection of {
a large electric power-house. •¦ This build-:
ing will be located on land bounded by :
Buchanan, Laguna and " North Point
streets and the bay. T^e''- building will
cost J127.500 and will take a year to com-)
plete. A 14,000-horsepower plant will be
installed in it. • ¦¦¦
The Market -Street Railway Company is
at the present time badly handicapped for
lack of electric power. • It has; three,
power-bouses, with a Joint-capacity- of"
5500 horsepower, divided as follows:
Power-house at Alameda and Bryant
streets. 7000;.at.Broderlck and Oak streets,,
1000, and on\Carl street 1500 horsepower.
The new power-house will' have a large ]
condenser and will- use water from' the
bav. Oil will be used- for fuel.- :
Shipments to This Port Will
FailVForty Per Cent Ee^
low" Average/
Contract Let. for New • Power
House to Be" Erected
a Year. / ;
Price' qf - the^ Berries Is
Likely to; Be- Mate
rnally Ad van C9d; r:
Stock Sold to the
Syndicate. '
Receive Checks for ; the
CROP OF COFFEE
IS VERY LIGHT
SHAREHOLDERS
PAID IN FULL
BRIGHT CHILDREN HONOR MEMORY
OF THE NATION'S LATEST MARTYR
Throjugh the Effort^ of Little Ones ;the -McKini^
-School of?Ber]celey and Alameda lijbrary Wilj
Be Presented^itH Busts of the Late President
7
;THE S A^, FR^NGISeO, ;.-¦€ ALL; AY, : ;^RCH :1902i,
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
fipEsPEciiiEMS'
Of Physical Manhood!
No fcrm of athletic esercUe demands such
perfect phjslcal condition as prize fighting.
Every muscle In the body must be fully devel-
oped and suDPle. and the heart. luncs and
stomach must act to perfection.
Whether we indorse prizefighting or not. it
is nevertheless interesting to know the manner
by which men arrive at ouch phyBleal perfec-
tion.
Jame* Jeffries, the present champion heavy-
weight cf the world, and his gallant opponent,
Tom Sharkey,. in the gi-eatest pugilistic en-
counter that has ever taken place, both pur-
sued much the same course of training, and
the first and mostTnrportant part of this traln-r
ing was to get the stomach In condition and to
lteep the digestion absolutely perfect, bo that
every muscle and nerve -would be at its high-
est, capabilities.
This was not done by a secret patent medi-
cine, but both of these crcat pugilists used a
well-known natural- dlrestlve tablet sold by
druggists under name of Stuart's . Dyspep-
sia' Tablets and composed of the digestive fer-
ments which • every -etomach requires for
healthy digestion. -. '
Champion Jeffries saya: "Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets prevent acidity, strengthen the stomach, ,
and Insure perfect digestion. They keep a man
in fine physical condition." Signed, James J.
Jeffries, champion of the' world. ,->.
The gallant fighter, Sharkey, says: "Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets remove all discomfort after
eating. They rest the stomach and restore it
to a healthful condition.. I heartily recommend
them." Signed, Thos. J. Sharkey.
The advantage of the daily use of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is that they keep people
welt- and ward off sickness and are equally
valuable to well persons as - to the dyspeptics.
Another advantage Is that thesa tablets con-
tain no cathartics or poisons of any character,
but -simply digestive ferments which are found
in every healthy stomach, and: when digestion
is imperfect It la . because . the stomach . lacks
some of these elements and Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets supply it.
'-They, are no chesp cathartic, bot a- perfectly
safe and efficient digestive and the demand for
them is greater than the sale of all other so-
called dyspepsia cures combined. No remedy
could posBibly reach such a place in public es-
teern except as a re*ult of positive merit.
• Full sized packages are sold by all druggists
at 50 cents, and the best habit you can possibly
form Is to take a •' Stuart Tablet after each
meal. They make weak stomachs strong and
keep strong stomachs vigorous.
AMUSEtfZKTS.
RAGING
*t^JCffl** l1 ™*>g7» Every. Week Day—
Vr ¦'¦' . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2tl5 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3- p. -m., connecting
with trains stopping^at- the entrance.; to the
track. Last two ; cars . on- train ; reserved -; for
ladies and their escorts: no amoking, ., Buy your
ferry tickets to SheJl. Mound. ;. All trains via
Oakland mole connect .with San Pablo avenue
electric ' cars at Seventh .and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all ' trains via Alameda mole 'con-
ned with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, : Oakland, r These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. '
Returning — Trains leave Hhe • track at 4:15
and 4 :45 P- m. and immediately, after the last
r ** e THOMAS H. - WILLIAMS JR.. President . '..
' CHARLES FV PRICE, Secy; and M«r. .
EVEXINGS AT 8 SHARP.
UATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
DOS'T FAIL TO BEE IT.
THIS WEEK -And NEXT— LAST of ' #
The Famous Musical Success, • - ;
SereMdel
MONDAY, APRIL 7,
"The Fortune Teller.".
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. COc and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
I I^f^ j -^i\m? IT r i Iwn ¦SfT!8tt l:>^aB8*ff?iI?ffff^!tfl
ALL THIS WEEK-MAT SAT V^
HOLDEN BROS: 4 ' T
Mamrr.ot h Melodramatic ' Success
THE
DENVER
EXPRESS.
-SEATS READY-
NEXT. SUNDAY NIGHT.
**«-. G FIELD f —
-; ,r GREATER MINSTRELS. -
Iy***,*l3g > r g EATS THURSDAY.- JwHEaSlP'
Coming — WILLIAMS AND WALKER'S EIG
COMPANY. ,
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Mar. 20.
Parquet, any *eat, 25c: balcony. 10c; children,
any part except reserved, 10c.
STRENUOUS VAUDEVILLE!
PAPIlfTA; FBAlfK LINCOLN;
SIICON, CABDKEB AND CO.;
THE MELANI TBIO; CrOBMAN
Ain> KE?PLEB; FANNY BICE;
HEDBIX AND PBESCOTT;
LES TBOUBADOUBS TOTJLOU-
SIA2STS, AND THE BIOGBAPH,
-showing California Pictures.
r— - - :.,,,. I
BE^SCOAmnTHALCSj^^^
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.' V
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Written,
THEMAN=O'=
¦ WARSMftN.
AN ACTUAL N AVAL . BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. ' Thrilling; Situations.
fjmpCC Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
I IVICLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c'
»3^ Week— "THE ELEEPIXG CITY."
COLUMBIA L£ADlXG"TEEAT£f
PoweU Street, near Matttet.
OTTKG TO THE
ENORmOUS SUCCESS
I ll W~\ IMMENSE PRODUCTION.
**-¦-' Hell Calne's Great Play.
CHRISTIAN.
ED\A/MRD yV\C>RG/\N
As John Btorra (his original role).
Assisted by ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quajie.
---There Will be Two ;-
CDrrf If Sunday Night Performance*,
JirCWlAL jiarch SO and April 6.
ONLY MATINEES SATCRDAYS.-
! 'timing— E. 6. WILLARD. In "The Cardinal."
r» *&* %J W£ £\ m t m o iF" *.& ¦»
» *~» A C» c£Jr*t. I Jrv B> JT
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
A GREAT HIT!
TO-NIGHT and All Week— Last Nights.
se Brightest anfl Oeverest Comedy TMs Year,
EEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT ACTS'.
A FTNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
Beats on Eale Six Daye in Advance.
.I»RICES 15c, 25c, 35c. 60c and 75c
Next Week— "BROTHER JOHN.".
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT——
Continued Success of Our $1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MACD0WELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In Sardou's Strongest Plar,
"LA TOSCA."
The Most Talked of Play of the Age.
Al&tlneee Saturday and' Sunday.
FOULAR PRICES .10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75e
Good Orcheftra Seats All Matineec. 25c.
FISCHER'S THEATER
OTarreU. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
'/, r^JiviV Telephone Main 23L
NOTHINC I EFFJECT
HAS ANY\ ON THE
ATTENDANCE AT THIS HOUSE..
| LITTLE CHRISTOPHER?!
- Alt new features demand applause.
Get your tickets for the Saturday and Sun-
¦ day Matinees; 25 cents, anywhere. Children
to Matinees, 10 cents, now.
Keep your optics on this paper.
See what we will do shortly with the great
Weber & Field*' productions. .,
The entire original cast, and everything -else
¦ comes with It.
NORRIS & R0WE ? S.
Big Trained Animal
Shows
AT TflP ' s
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND . EVENING AT
2:15 and 8:15.-
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OLDSTER&.
500 KJSffJ 11^ 580
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c; Children. 10c
Phone South 720 for SeaU.
PflljirA Desirable location,
1 Ctluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
¦ . . unequaled Ver-
Ofi/1 yfce and modern
UliU conveniences are 'the
_ . attributes that have
If fulfill made these, two- ho--
UlCllIU tels popular : with
__ t tourists and travel-
HaIaIC crs who visit San*
llUlWij Francisco.
.lgA3OT i g*.. ;. CELEBY ¦" "cOMPOUNP.'
jgIoolgjrls^inow f m
M '° ¦ v; WORTH. ';¦;
Celbrj CompotinB
Gives Them Energy; Snap -
: arid Full Life. V
It Enables 1 hem to Attain the
Blessings and Vigor of
True Womanhood.
.( "Women and-girls in every station of Ufa-
who have used Paine's -Celery Compound
know that it is a' blessing that- sick and
run down • females : cannot afford to' be
without. .
¦Modjeska, the peerless queenof artistes."
voices the sentiments of thousands of wo-
men, and 'girls -who have tested the
strength making and life giving- virtues of
Paine's Celery Compound when she says:
"I | have | found Paine's Celery Compound
the best of all remedies, for the nervous
exhaustion consequent upon the arduous
work of my profession." Overworked wo-;
men lii the home, -'and weak. ~ languid
schoolgirls have found in Paine's "Celery
.Compound :the health and vigor it, so
strongly guarantee's.
Ida Mallory of Allenvllle, J1L, with the
view of benefiting young -girls, writes as
follows: "I was taken last spring with
what the - doctors called nervous disease
and- neuralgia, and three or . four doctors
treated me all last summer without doing
[me any good. My father started to travel
with me, and in. our travels a. friend told
me to try a bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound. My father bought a bottle of it.
and it helped me so I took two bottles
more, which entirely cured me. My father
has nervous headaches and he has been
taking Paine's Celery Compound, and
says it has done him five hundred dollars'
worth of good. , We are using the fourth
bottle . in our family, . and we consider
• Paine's Celery : Compound worth Its
weight in gold for nervous and other
troubles." V • >
EASTER EGGS should " be colored' with
Diamond Dyes. Four colors for Eaater.lO^cts.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, V
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— ftE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 30 day;
$5 to *6 week; <8 to KQ month. Fre« baths:
hot and cold water every room: fire crates la
every room: elevator runs alt night. . . ' '
-..^ ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
Too Cheap
to Be Good?
That's What a Local Music
/Teacher;: Thought Bqt i
fore Investigating^ ?
But She Tound a Fine Piano for
'y $286 Here, For ;'. Which Same
Style Her Sister Paid $450
Three Months Ago; * v ;
Pommer - Eiters Music , Company
Undersells Ail Others. •
"With four large stores— here, at Port-
land, at. Sacramento and Spokane— under
one management, buying -. and selling a
•larger number of fine pianos than J are
handled by any othet\muslc rlrm in r the
United States." . Pommer -'"Eilers Music
'Company. 1 ' possesses many special advan-
tages, .in buying, selling and handling
pianos j and organs, that enable -them to
sell better instruments for. less money
than can, any. other dealer or agency in
the. West. -\ ' -
To ; demonstrate, our ability to "do this,
we placed on sale Monday two 'carloads
of.' the very latestbrand-new, iregular J450
pianos, -instruments that have never been
. sold in this I city by the dealer who I for-
merly handled them- for . less than i $450;
strictly ? reliable high-gTade vpianos" that
embody every ' up-to-date -idea in. high-
class; piano , manufacture; and are fully
warranted.- Take one of these $430 pianos
now for $28(^-3 per .cent off. for cash,' or!
on terms of $25 ' down and $1!) a.month;-
• But remember," you will have to attend
to this right away— the sooner you ¦ come
the better selection you. will find.
¦¦:¦¦ Another ; lot ; of . nearly three carloads of
brand new. upright pianos that could not
regularly ; be | sold heretofore for less ' than
$300, i(and- some -dealers r have asked even
$350 for them) -are > on' sale this 'week for
$186;. and $183. "Beautiful- oak. fancy ma-
hogany (genuine) ..and ; mottled . walnut
cases ¦ to ¦ select frpm. A A discount of 3 per
cent" to .cash -buyers— or pay $15 or more
down -and. a; small amount each month,"
under our^ new partial: payment plan. •
Come in early. Bring $15.or: $25 .for a
first; payment. down, and; take choice of
these i beauties. . .."Remember : the ¦• number,
653 : Market ?¦ street, . opposite . . the : . Lotta
Fountain, - San 1 ' Francisco's new ' piano
¦ store, Pommer-Eilers M-usic Company. ..
of grips, for
ALLtCINDS
!;'x^V- .',ofr hoses -—
..We .are" not" confined'- to Any ¦
V particular style of "grip"— we
_ have'; ALLiiKINDS." so -.1 your -
¦ . glasses may. fit; cqmfortably ¦ no ;'"
j 1 matter, what shape your nose is. .;
:OPtipAL}pp.r
3/1 1»OST, ST.'f. »b«T» Qrait tn.
¦^£^ i)RV MEYERS &VCO;
l\ wm^(\ SPECIALIsrs fQA *^>«
I fSM tzaw \ Established .1881.'. C«a-
" ¦ w?-T'J *. fultation and private boo« !
| I *^fe. jft*L I *«o *t otllc* or by uuu*
| \ YmggKM I Cur *>» ¦guaranteed.
! \^l|/ 331 MARKETS!.
This signature id oa every box of the genuine
if Laxative Bn^jQiniiine ;
I th-j reraody tlikt Cti*«« a e«Id in one daji
BAIL WAY "TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Tpain f s^Dan y .
Lcavs Market-atreet Ferry Depot.
¦ - | Local |Llm'd|Uvrt'd Local
..,;•:.: I Dally I Dally I Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a SiOOp 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:ld y.
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1 i.lO a 0:11 j>
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:10 a lu;30 p
•• Hanford.. 3.12 p 3:27 p S:05a. ......
" VJsalla... 8:3» p. ...... 6:00a. ..,,,.
" Batc«rsO4. 6:13 p 5:20p 7:45a
V Kan. City -.. 3M0a t:30a ,.
••Chicago -. 2:15 p 9:00 p
.a for morning. - p for afternoon.'
0:00 a., m. train Is th« California Lim-
ited,- carrying Palaco Sleeping- Cars and
Dlnlnp Cam through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs .to Bakersneld for accommodation o£
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 7:05 a. tn. dally.
4:20 p. tn. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresm
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:33
p. m. dally. , ¦
8 p m. Is tho Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, . which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at «J:CU p, m.
' 7 :2b a." m. fa Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San .Joaquin Valloy. Cor-
reepondlngr train arrives at S:40 a.m. daily.'
Offices — 641 Market street and In Perry
Depot. San Francisco; - 1112 'Broadway,
Oakland.; .-" ¦',.-'/ -.
\00JGAGQ];
'- ¦¦'¦'« LESS rHAN
; W{3- PAYS ;
From
San Francisco at 10 a. rh.
CHIC AGO, UNION PACIFIC
; &^NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawing-Room Sleeplna
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Li-
brary Cars, with barber. 1 Dining.
Cars— meals a la carte. Dally Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m.; and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m.-from / San
Francisco. The best of every thins.;." ;•;
% '-.-.".R."'R. RITCHIE "iV: ¦;¦•'•
'617 MARKET 8%. . G«n- Agent Pacific Coast.
' Palace Hotel Son Francisco
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' ¦ VloSousallta F«rry
CommanclfiK. September 20, lOOlii
WEEK DAYS-^Ki. 8:30, •0:30, 11:00 a. ni..
•1-45 ii:15. 4.'15, &:15. 'O^S, 0:45 p. m; : ' •>
EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturday*
"s^DA^S-^SoO 1 :- "bo. .10:00. -11 :30 m.. ]
•1-16 8:15. **:-»3. 6:30. -0:30 p. m.
Trains marked- (•)¦ ran to Sar»; Qnentln.' ¦
FROM SAN UAFAliL TO S A.V 1" RANC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS^-'o:25. 6:27. 7:45, 8:35. 10:15 i
a m:.\»12:25. 2:15, <J:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.^ ....
'EXTRA-' TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
nnd Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m. - - , ;
SUNDAYS^ : 15. *8 :00. «10 :00. »11 :45 a.' n-...
•1:40, »:i:15, 4:43, *6:30 p. m. , _ •-•-•., .-¦• -r - ,-_.- ;
Trains marked (*) «tart from San twentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45.tt.«.; 7:55. {J:55. ,10:oO ,
a.'m 12:35. 2:45. 3:50,B:10. p. ra. • ¦ .: •¦ ¦
EXTRA TRIPS-- on y- Mondays. Wednesday*
knd Saturdays 7 : 10 and 10 :35 p^ m. ¦ - -
* SUNHAYS— S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15,
3-30 '5"0O. 6:45> p. • m. ..---. ¦ - : -.;-
3.JU..O.W. THROUGH TRAINS. ¦-. -,
6:55 a. ; m: • week daya— Cazadero and way
8 1:45 p. m. Saturdays^ — Duncan Mills and way
.- 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills 'and way
**FairS*.-'* Sundays— 8 :00; ! 0:00. 10:W 11:30
a ¦' tn. • ¦¦¦' ' ' - - ¦ ' ¦'. " ¦ •¦—-¦"..-¦•
Legal Holiday boats and train* .will , ran on
Su nd a y.tlme.//- .-¦ >¦,¦,;¦¦ -..'•-- .¦.' -'" J ':~
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
¦ "'"-Leave , Via Sausalito Ferry !3rnve -~ J
-San Fran.- ': Foot of Market Su- San Fran.
Week ,5un- :n.i«,.. tl i.i p , OTr . 8»p- W«k'
: 2*I± J!fL>i n^,.. a. -T»«;rT.«r **2L. J^y*:
9-30 A. 8:00a. - UtrrtU VM 1.00 p. Wja.
t:15 P. 11:30 a: ' —^k*.- ¦ ,J^ 4ri5 p. 5A> R
V - I IJU' »»• - "-•"T^ " 15:55 p.
¦' '¦ ' ' T*n,t-aTn«e\it* u. Suamlt in* Rwora.lt. tn.
.'._,; StbtOatw, *Ji lUUU; ITUXI wiiUCdAUIO IZ1UX. ¦
>^W Dr;6ibbon'a Dispensary,
029 KEAUr.V SI. Established
fflf*1t*TSM llr * 954 'or the treatment of I'rjvjita
PpA 1 IVi-^iBt Dli'a«e»,' I>wt Manhood. Debill'ty or
5Kt3^S w«arfnsrr>n body Ami njlrnl and
*$$& glHlcln Olsensos. The Doctorcwes wlien
L^h pothers fall. Try blra. t, l-barsrs low.
hJwSSnuESB^'are" snarttntred. . Oil) cr writ*
Dr. J. S*. tUlBBoa. ttftu JTraacfaco. Cai •__ .
-: ,, NEW. . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; '
EVERYBODY .;; DELIGHTED:' i' :, :
Newbro's Herpicide Destroys the
Dandruff ; Germ Permanently; :.; :
and Cures Baldness. ;
¦; Quinine and f rum. and a iwhole"- .lot .' of
other things are : pleasant to .rub : bn-: the
scalp "after,* washing "it vfree- of > dandruff,'
,but not .one preparation < of \'< the 'general'
run cures dandruff arid? falling hair.'; It is
necessary to kill that germ^ to be' perma-
nently ."¦'' cured ; 'of '^dandruff /,-Vndi to'-, stop
falling hair. - Newbrd's. fierpicideV.' will
positively destroy that germ,' so/- that
there" can-.toe^ no .more, dandruff .and,' -so :
¦ that the hair 'will' grow luxuriantly: ; "De-
stroy; the cause and you remove . the ,ef-"
Hesitate
*T to go east with one of lie'" x
Burlington Overland Excur-
. ¦ sions because you think tho
"passengers won't be nice."
They will be.
Objectionable people can -.
¦;¦ not seenre berths in our -
cars AT ANY PRICE. .
'. - . Travelers are gradually
finding, this out — to their
!; * advantage" and ours. '
From San Francisco three
tunes a week' — 'Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City. St. Louis
- and points beyond.
"• " . . ¦ . Folder giving ftiii informa-
tion furnished ca request. ¦'}'£* ;
I ¦ "*"} W. D. SANBORN, i
|rCn^53J Censral Agant.
lffiP?WT^! 631 Markat St., - !
iBHUiFtlril San-Francisco,
, •,.V',:.-J. " California.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO.?
¦ .- . - 'MAN .rilANCIMW.
' ¦, / • (M>in Line, Foot of M»tket Stwei)
(CATC — ' FROtf FZERCART 9. 1903: — AJlftin
7iO«* Benkla. Suit mi. Elmltft tad Sacn-
.. -. meuu>. .„..._.............»..
Z iOOa Vaci»IUe. AVittere. Rnmiey TtdSy
. 3 <3tt * M uUbex, Hu it It » mou. V »i l«jo. Nspm.
i:<tlUt<>Kit »ml S*nt» lt<«» ' U:23r
8iO«a Darl^, Woodland, Knlc&ts Luidlni. 5
I ' M*rjMlllO>rn»itl<»....,,.... ' TiaS*
»:«»« A ilauiiu K«ptM»-Oxil«» »ud Kul *SJ*A
N:o«tA Kilos, Luthrop. Stocnton. ........... "ia>F
BtOO.» Nll«, Mt.ii.lata. Hanford. VSaall*.
PorterrUlft.. ;:...:. ....7..U-. «»»3»
Ii3iia Sh»»U Kxprp«i-D»fi», W!lll»m»rfo*
. liArtlef. SptliiZB). Wllluws. Hod
Btuir, rorti««r.. ?««»»:
»ia»* Hiii . Jna*. - I.lTerinore, Stock ton, .
Inn*. Haartiiimito. . . PlMervilla,
> ' Mhry«»ilk ClilC". Ke.l UlnlF. ...... 4iS.1»
Mi3Oa ()»kd»>, Clilnesa.Mooora. Tuolumna - 4:"3y
.. «:««* H*T«nir<l. Mln ami Way Stajioiu.. . 1 1 J-" 1 -"* 4
Bt««oi v»n»jo^.. ..:... i <i23»
l»i(Hl* U« An«»:ei • Exprau — ftUrtlnea.
1 '..•'.-- • Traoy. lothrnp. HtocUkou. Murar* • '
' Hre«!i<i fUMlLusAnaoles 7sSS»
Oinn* V»j|..j.., Mwrltt>«K awl \V ay fUatleoa . . 7i«»T
IlliflUt Tfaa UtuUiiiI Limited— Ogiieu. V«o- '
ter, Dumli*. Chicsji. 5t2.1v
' flirtOr .1*ormi..mU. i:ii.rSL O «m.-ri fH'Ott*
ti»ur liciili-la, , Winters. Nterameiitot
WiHiiilaiHl. KuttfliU Luuillne.
M.r>~itlil.\ Orntilin I»i3.1»
SiSOp Itaywaril. Nllra ami Way flt»t!nr.s.. T:.13 »
4:iiii r Mnrtlue*. Hail lUnimi. Vulieja. •
¦ - N»)m. «!»H»*.i|{». SMUlaltiiM .-'. . ••»-¦»*
«i<H»p Nl'et, IJtfrmore. Stockton. Lodl... l».as»
' liUnf 11«) w«ril. Nile*. Haii.lme, Ltrrrroore fSiaa*
4iH»r Thu Owl Utnited *- Fresno, TuUre, ,
llrtkcmUolil. H«ugti» for Santa liar-
b»r». !<<)• Ausnlcii.. ............... .-S1O34
»»««r Port i>M%. Trtcy. Laihron, Stockton 1 »i33a
8«>»?M«t!ii'«, Antloch. atocktou. Alat-. '
«.<1. FrMim Hia.1»
, »i«»r IliirvKitl, Mia* and Hau Jo«<*.. <,.... . »•»?•
flt:OUi- Vulin). lli«3*
• ittnrOritmMl .Mall-Ogien, Dcorer,
Oinalia. fls. Ixni!», Clila4(n. «lS3»
liOHr Orru'ciu •n,l Califiirnl* Kii>»«>i#.H«c-
rniiiHiilir, Rl«rjn»l!lii, ItcMinK.
. . " ClirtllllKl, I'llUHt rilHIIMl Hint KUl' •<33*
• irt.lr San Pablo, Port (>'o>iu. Matildas
' amtWay Mtalluui 1 1 >a»»
t»«oir v»iHft. ?maf
COAST IjINE (Harrow Uaime).
(Faitef Mnrh«t Street. > .'.¦•¦
•lid* Ne«urk,i.'miUrilUe,8a>i.l<ise,Krtt(in,. "
IloulilMCipali.KaiiiaC'riixniiinVar
i HUtluim. •«»?»
|ftil*r Mswati. O*nUrrtlli>. San Jose. N«w :
AllilaiUil, Fnlliiii. ItnnUtor v'reak.
8miU t'«<u aaU Itladpal Way
Suilons..... I««A«*
: • 4il.-»f Nairark. Kan .lo.» I.i»a O*loi t«i3»*
' a*.3ur Hunters' Train— Ban Jcs* aad Way
•< — ' - gwtlont. ¦...¦¦ .^ t7'*°»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fr»m Sll mSHSCO-fiirt «f Huktt Sutet (SUs 8)-
• ' fl:l» «:0O 11:00*. tt. t:C3 3:03 Z.lS'.*.
rnmOULHIB— r»tt •'Bfi>4*iT,— f'l:00 Jd:OO 18:0*
¦ lO.QOt.M. 12:00 2.Q3 «:03r.u. - '
COAST IjINE (Brftatl «•¦(!»).
¦ . •'¦;-frhlri>anJto«rii«eiurSto.) -
' «:1»a Ban Jese and Way MUtians. «»i4i»a
. 7:«0A N«i Joie »'.<l Wny HUUoiia fS:«»<»4
/7i<»»* N«it AliraUcn .......-...: /*•!«»
•¦•OA Coast Lin» Limited — *ao Jose, .
GUxoy. Sallaaa, Bar. LuU Obispo. '
Hant« l:»rb*r*. l.ctn Anjelrs and
-.•-.. ' . principal InSennedlatesU'ioiu.... lOrtSv
• •BOa Han .liaa, TraJ liuos. Mniita rmx. ? -
' 1'hkIHc Urot«, ttalinsK San Lui* -
Cblspo ami PrincU'*; ii.termedi«t«
HUH...,. ,...-..-... «ll»#
IOiIIOa San Jcse and Wsy RtarSona. BiMa
I ItSWA Mtn .!¦>.« ami Way NUtioua Hi *«a
4X<l»r S»n M»tw>. UifitiTuo)!, Me-ilo Park.
' ¦ . ¦ Palo Alto. Haiita Vtni*. Hun .Iium. - '
' ¦: :Trea Plooa. «»uta i'jtui% Sailuaa,,
: Momerny an<» I'noIHa Cr»*a tl0t4»a
. t:!tnr Nan.l<»eaml Way SUllims.- - li»»r
MliarSanJnsaand Principal Way stations 9iZ0»
.: 4»a»r Sunset limited— Mondays. Wednr».
-. , r- . days. Krida «. for Lo» A ngeles. El
• ¦ Paso; New urloans ami New York. ¦-
» . ' Arrives Sundays. Xaeadays and
._-•• Thursdays «• l*il>*
Ml**r8an Joa», I4M Oatoa and Principal
.- WaySUtiona t1»:«Oa
8»10 p San J nss ami Principal Way Stations 0tn«y
. «t.-t«r San.li)Si»an<t Way fllattous - 7»3«»
Trftr New Orletu Iiprens — Ban Lets
- •-¦¦ ¦ - Obtspo. - Sawta J+ar^ara. Loii Au-
celes.D.'mliK. El Pa«o. New Of. ,
" - ' -" bans and Ease. Ht«»»
ftlt4.tr San .low, ntfti Way Motions.. ..?»«•>
¦ A foe Mnrnliif. P f«r Arteraooa^
tfluiMiar eiOBiited. t only. • '
>-l|WBrt»T1»J/.--- /Tue»daj»aaiflM»a.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
• .•;.:- r . lessees • ' :¦ •
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTfl PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAN YV ;r/-
Tlburon Ferry,' Foot of Market Si.
' ' San Francisco to San' Rafaj". v
WEEK DATS— 7:30. l):0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
5:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr*
..trip at 11:30 p. m. ' Saturday*— Extra .trip*
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. ..-••-'
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:W.
6:00. 6:20 p..-m. .¦ - ; .
€ an Rafael tt> San Franc Is:o.
WEEK. DAYS— 0:10. 7:30. 0:20. :ll:10«- m :
12:43, U:4O. S;15 p. m. ¦¦• Saturdays— Extr*
'¦ trips at 1:55 and. 6 :35 p.m.
EUNDATfS— 8:10. 8:*0. 11:10 a. ra.: 1:40. 3:«t
- B:05. 0:25 p. m. • \ ¦'• •¦" --¦",••¦
, •; Leave ' I In Effect I v .Arrlva .
San Francisco. |Apr. 23. 1901| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j T !! 1 3un- I Wee'*
Days: I days. r j . Dggtlnatlon | days, f Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am s:t0a.n
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma. A :05pm 10 :23a tn
6:10pm S:00pm Santa Rosa. •7:35pmf 6:20pm
>*'.'*•¦; ¦*:¦:- Fulton.--. - :"- •
7:30am < . ' Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am -,-¦
Lytton. , ¦ . . •
• . i .": Geyserviile, .
3:"0pm S:WteMn Cloverdale. ":35pm 6f:20ptv
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland . 10:40am 10 :25a:tt
3:30pm]. 8:00am and UHlah . 7:35pm tt :20pm
7:30am " ' l»>:40am J0:2Sam
"-¦ - 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm ¦ '
3:n0pm 5:00pm ; ¦ I . ,. 6:20paa
7:30am 3:00am Sonoma 9:13am 8:40am
¦' ¦ and ' - 7 -
S:10p«»V» :00pm Glen- Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:00*m| : . ~ - |10:40am|10 :25am
3:30pmr6:COpBargeba«topoL | 7:33pm| «:a0pm
£tajr«a connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We*:
Springs nnd .Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fultjn
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; «t
Geyserviile 'for Skarea Springs; at.CIovertials
f6r the » Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring. HJgntand Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Sprint*. Soda Bay. LAlceport and Bartlett
Jjprlngs; atUklah far Vichy Springs;- Saratoga ¦
-Springs Blue Lake*." Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprints! Upper Lake. ?omo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Eucknell's.
Sanhedrln HeiRhts. HuUvUle.OrrJs Hot Sprlnss.
I Mendoclna.Clty. Fort Brags. ¦Westport. Usa:.
Willits Laytonrtlle. Cummtn*. Beirs" Springs.
-T Harrla." Olsen's. Dyer. . Scotia and Eureka,-.
.Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ¦ ' -.- * ¦ ¦"- l ¦¦;- -•"¦•¦'¦;•;•
On Sundays round-trip tickets to al! point*
beyond San Rafael at half- rate* ;. • »:.
¦ - Ticket office. C00 Market street. - Chronic '.a
b °H d cfwHXTTNO: ' P.. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. , Act.
V.-'. 1A/. X- HESS,
•ITOTAEY 'PUMIOlAND ATTOSHST-AT-L If .
.Tenth Floor, Koom 1013. Claus Spr'ecksU*Bld&
. . .. -, Telephone Main 833.- •
Kwldence. - Sl't California -st.. below PowaU.NEW' YORK. March 25. — FLOUR— Receipts,
31,700 barrels. About steady and .nominally
unchanged. '. ¦. . ' ' .. • !
WHEAT— Receipts, 114,000 bushels; exports,
16,025 bushels. Spot, steady;: No.' 2 red, .8-ZHc
elevator, 8614c f.-o.: b. afloat; No. -1' Northern'
Duluth. Sl%c f . o. b. " afloat. . There was little
feature to wheat all' day. , The", close, was «c
lower. Marchclosed 78V4e; May, 78^4c; July,
7S%c; September closed 78c. •
HOPS— Firm.' ) < v \
HIDESr-Steady. , s :
WOOL — Quiet. - ; .
COFFEE — Spot . Rio, 'dull ; '. No; 7 Invoice,
5 ll-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c- Fu
tures closed net I unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales, 10,250 bags, including: May, 5:30c;
July, B.50c; September, 5:70c; October, 5.75c;
December. 5.90c;, January, 6c. ¦¦'.*," .'•• ' f . "../-•' ¦¦
.SUGAR — Raw., firm; fair refining,- 3 ; 13^32; ;
centrifugal. '-98 'test. -.3 13-32c;,. molasses sugar, ¦
2 25-32c. Refined unchanged.
.'. DRIED FRUITS. '-'.- "
EVAPORATED APPLES — Dullness "con
tinued in , tha evaporated market, jobbers hav
ing a few small orders in fancy grades. State,
common., to good,. 7@S»4c; prime,," »@9W<;:
choice. 0%©l0c; fancy. • lo%@llc.- . • ? > T - :"'
; The movement. in: prunes Is less active,^ but
holders', views have not 'changed much and the
feeling :ia, steady , to flrm..-iNew= fruit, • large
sizes,:. Is. meeting with. a. fair Jobbing trade
Apricots and peaches are quiet without change
';: PRUNES— 3 'i@>7c. ..*---.--. • V
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Mooroark, 11U"
©1214c.-- ¦ . ¦;.... v '.<v. ,.'..¦ •"¦ ?,
PEACHES— Peeled,. 14fflSe; unpeeled, 8@10c.
¦ ''.'¦) . — — ' ¦ ... :, . '.¦.;,:;
,.Nezv York Metal Market.
•,NEW ..:• YOUK, March : 25.— The new '-'copper
rules will go into effect I at the MetarExchanjsre
on April 15 next Under these* rules all ' Ameri'-"
WASHINGTON, March 25. — To-day's state
ment of -the treasury shows: Available' cash
balances. $172,249,047; gold, $90,741,735. •
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. March 25.— Money on call was
firm- at 4%@4% per / : cent; closing bid and
asked. 4%@4% per cent; . prime '.' 'mercantile
paper. "4% @5 per cent. ¦ Sterling exchange was
firm, with actual business In , bankers' bills at
$4 84«4 for demand and at $4 85%@4 85% for
sixty days; posted rates/" $4 86@4 88%;-com
mercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. i Bar silver.
53% c. Mexican dollars, . 43%c.-, Bonds — Gov
ernments, steady; States,' 'firm; railroads,.-ir
rerular. ¦ . . ¦:-. V. ' •• • .-'
New York Money Market
Continued on Page Eleven,
Although trading was light on tha raornlng
session of the Bond Exchange there were more
fluctuations than usual. Oceanic Steamship
was firmer at $36 50, Spring Valley Water at
$92-25 -'and California Fruit Canners' at
$100 50. Giant Powder was lower* at $79^
70 25 and Alaska Packers' at $160 60®160.
The oil stocks were quiet and unchanged.
The feature of the afternoon was the lib
eral trading In bonds, among which Oceanic
Steamship sold at $101©100 60. Horioka*
Sugar was easy at $10 25. The other stocks
stood about the same.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will be closed
on March 28 (Good Friday) and March 29 -
The financial report of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company, rendered at the annual
meeting yesterday, shows a total indebtedne«s
at present of $88,044 15. with about one-third
of last year's crop of sugar unaccounted for
for the -reason that the fiscal year had been
cut down to nine months, to conform to the
calendar year. The disbursements for dividends
were $117,500. The net profits during the ninn
months were $119,360 45. The Indebtedness \%
being reduced at the rate of about $10,000 per
month. The managers' report states that the
property is In excellent condition and tnat no
Improvements of any kind - will be required
during the coming year. The sugar croD of
1902 is estimated at 8800 tons.
The following quotations for United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received from New
York yesterday by Bolton. D* Ruyter A Ca.«
Exchange Miid BiUlion: : J
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.:.:.— $4 85%
Sterling, Cables, sight -\ ..... .V.'. '-—r. 4 8SV1
Sterling : Cables, rr.'. '..".'.:" .... ¦— - 4 89%
New.York Exchange, :slght;.'..'. .: — . ¦' a - 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10 '
Silver,, per ounce ....;. "t... ¦..".- : v — , Wij
Mexican Dollars, nominal:..:'.:"/—^. 43'/j
'Wheat and '.-Other Grains.
' WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet on" the spot
and : steady ; at 22s -dd,, usual_ options, with a
charter at this rate. - For new crop, ' August
loading, 27s 6d is quoted. wlthTcharters at this
flgupe. .Thee chartered wheat fleet inporf has
a ¦ registered tonnage of 31,680,' against j 11,350
tons on the same date last year;; disengaged,
26,150. against .75(52; 'on I the way to this port.
100,125 tons, against 154,177. , .
WHEAT — Foreign futures were weak - at a
decline. Bradstreet's gave the status of stocks
as follows: East of the Rockies, a decrease of
1,599,000 bushels;. Europe and afloat." an in
crease of C00. 000; net decrease. 999,000 bushels.
,'.: Chicago . was ¦ slightly firmer on the day, but
quieter. : There was ;a ! fair ; demand and | less
evidence of liquidation, with prices still on an
export basis, j. Kansas ' City, reported 50,000
bushels ; worked for export. . Interior North
western stocks were eald to be the smallest on
record. ' A letter from : Sal tna, '. Kansas,, said
that with present . conditions from • now on the
State woukl . not ' raise over 50 per cent of a
crop. S *. Therb ¦¦ was some • bear selling on I the
weakness In corn. , ¦ : • _,- . .
' This market continued quiet and not mater
ially changed..- ' ¦ ¦ -;~-<->.- ¦
Spot- Wheat— Shipping, $110; milling,
$1 11%@1 13»i per cU..
,.,--• x CALL' BOARD SALES. .' . .
Informal •< Session— 9 :15 o'clock— May — 6C00
ctls, $1 09%. .-. - ' , ; .
Second Session — No sales.., /• ¦ 1 *. .
'¦¦ Regular .1 Morning ¦ Session — May— 2000 < ctls,
fl 09%; 6000. $1 09%.. • • ,¦ ~ ,- ¦. ... -¦ ¦
Afternoon Session — May—^-4000 -ctls..$l 08 vi;
2000. $1 08%; December., 6000. $1 07%.. ¦ . .
BARLEY — The local . demand ¦'-. amounts to
nothing,' all offerings being ; neglected .at the
moment, 'but In tho Iriterlor . there Is a steady
demand for Europe \ and ' the *\% northern'' coast
States, where i stocks have become very much
depleted, i The market continues steady. .'
Feed, 95c for. No. 1 and 02%c for off gradps;
brewing and shipping grades, 97%c@$l; Cheva
lier. 95c@$l 20 per ctl. / , .¦ »
.. CALL BOARD SALES:'
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — COCO
Ctls.- 92%c:. 2000; 02c. . .
Second Session — No sales.' ' • . ••
Regular -Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
02%c; 2000, 02 He; 2000, 02c: 2000, 01%c; De
cembei-7-6000, 77%c. V
• Afternoon ¦ Session— December— 2000 ctls.
"ttC. % ¦¦- ¦-.;'•- •; --. ' '
. OATS — The market has-been dull for a. long
time, and there Is no present prospect for Its
getting' any livelier.* Now and then a busy
day ; Is repotted, I but such days ; are rare. Quo
tations have not changed for a long time.
Grays, $1 30@l 40: whites, $1 K0@l 45: Sur
prise, $1 40<fi>l 45: blrck $1 12%@l 22% for
feed and $1 22%@1 32«4 for seed; red, ?1 30®
1 42% per ctl.. i .
CORN — The market continues -very quiet,
both here and at Chicago. Prices stand as be
fore. ..,'-.
Large Yellow.' $1 35@1 50; small round do,
$1 35@1 50; white, $1 35©1 40 per ctl. - •
RYE — Dull and unchanged at 02%@95c"per
ctl. .'. IV. •-, - >
BUCKWHEAT— -Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. ; • .-. .._____ ,-. ¦:
; Flour and Millstuffs. \
: . Local millers continue to, report a fair de
mand-for. flour, both for local : and 'export ac
count." , '•; - . - ¦ ' :
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers'. Extras. $3 40®3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family arid
$-"!(ff .'! 50 ¦ for Bakers' ; J Washington Bakers'. $3
@3 50.- .... . V
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are. as fol
lows usual discount to the trade*. Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50;. Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 23;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$404 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat,- $3 50: Farina. $4 50;' Whole Wheat
Fltfur. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 '85@8 35;
In sacks, $0 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;. Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $0 50 per. 100 lbs. ..•
.Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran continues firm and Middlings steady.
Both iare unchanged. The other Feedstuffs ars
as previously quoted. ' Hay Is still weak, -with
a 'large- crop promised, and enough on hand to
last until it comes forward. .'. • ' . -."
BRAN— $15(^16 per ton. * ' . )¦¦
MIDDLINGS— $17 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $20021 per
ton; Oilcake -Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50@27: Cocoanut Cake. $20021: Corn Meal.
$29^30: Cracked Corn. $29 60030 50; Mixed
Feed' $16@17 60; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
:¦ HAY— Wheat. $9@11 50: Wheat and' "Oat,
$8 50®ll: Oat. $8® 10 50: Alfalfa. $8® 11:
Clover. $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock,
$G®8 per ton. ¦ ' ; ' . • v • . ¦
, STRAW— 40® 65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation 'In Beans remains unchanged.
Whites are weak, ] but no lower, and colored
rule firm. Seeds continue featureless. ¦
BEANS— Bayos.. $2 40®2 00: small White. ,
$2 75@2 00; Large White, $2 S5@2 60; Pea,
$3 50@4; Pink. $2@2 20; Red. $2 60; : Black
| eye, $4 50CT4 75; LI mas. 1 $4 15@4 35; Red Kid
ney's. • $3 50<S4 per. ctl. . ¦ ¦ •<* •'
-SEEDS — Trfeste Mustard, $2 5002 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25(^2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@llc; California, 10@10i4c;- Rape, $l%@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. ¦ ~ t ¦ n -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $l"60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market was unchanged .for all descrip
tions of old Potatoes. , New were a shade firm
er under light, receipts. Only 29 sacks came In.
Two cars of Sweets came In. making 3 for the
week, and met with ready .'¦ sales* at an ad
vance. . • r ' ¦ " i '-'"'•
The market Is glutted with, undesirable of
ferings of Onions. Fancy offerings are /carce
and' sell readily at. full figures." v.
' Receipts of Asparagus .were' liberal 'and the
demand for shipping was limited. > The high
prices have heretofore checked the local de
mand and dealers found It necessary to reduce
prices In order to effect sales.. Offerings met
with a steady inquiry at the decline noted.
: Rhubarb sold slowly and oniy strictly fancy
stock sold at the top quotations... There were
no vegetables received | from Los Angeles and
the ' appearing quotations are for carried over
stock \ Peas from the bay .were firmer for
fancy offerings. Receipts were 492 'boxes
Asparagus. 5D8 Rhubarb and . 152 sacks bay
New Potatoes, 3@3%c ' per ', lb:
old $1 25@1 40 for Burbanks from the river:
Oregon' Burbanks. $1 35@1 75; , Oregon Garnet
Chiles - $1 4C®1 50; River Reds. $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose for seed. $1 60@l -75; ; small Bur
i banks, seed, $1 20@l 40; Sweets. $1 85 .for
M OVK)NS- Oregons. $2 10@2 25 s for the best
nnrt' si 7502 for lower grades;. Nevada. . $2 30
@2 35; V Australian, $3 25@3 75; Green Onions,
& ° VEGETABLES — Asparagus, • extra : fancy,
12%c per lb. 0@llc for No. 1 and fi@8c for No.
2-«RhSbarb.- 75c@$l 60 per' box: £ Green
:;'"los Angeles. 2%c: -, Bay ,• Peas. 3@4%c;
String Beansf from Lt>8 Angeles.' 15@2Cc; Cabj
baee 40c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes. '75c®
%l "5" per box and 75c<fT$l 25 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes 75c® $1 25 per box. including repack
od- Dried Peppers. 10«|llc per lb; Los Angeles
do' : 13@17'Ac;0>rled Okra.' 12%@20c W r lb: j
faVrots 35®50c per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, ,
-¦frfflSl -25 per dozen for small and $l"50@2 forW
large: ¦ Garlic, 1%@2%c: : Los Angeles . Green
PeDpers ¦.12y.@15c; Mexican do. 10^12 %c: Egg
Plant from '. Los -Angeles, 25®30c;v Summer
Sauash from Los Angeles, $1 7a ;i Marrowfat
laulsh $10015 per ton;Hubbard Squash. $10®
15;, Mushrooms. 20(g30c per lb. ' ,
¦ Poultry 'and. Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry was . received late
yesterday, a'nd .will be sold to-day.', .Receipts ot
California were moderate ¦ and the market '.was
strong and active. : ' All descriptions cleaned .up
arid most young stock was quoted higher. Fine
large- stock," when obtainable,, sold over ' the
quotatlons.'v " - - ¦¦¦' ¦" ;'¦,, • „' .
- -There were ,no .changes In- Game. Receipts
were 30 sacks. - ,* » ¦ ,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers ;' and 15@16e for Hens;. Geese, per r, pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings; $2 25®2 60; Ducks. $55|i
• ».' ! for old and $e@8 : for . young; ' Hens, $5<g6:
vouns- Roosters. $n 50@7 50; old Roosters. $4' 5O
@5- Fryers,'"$5 5C@6; -Broilers,' $305 50-,for
large and $3@4 for small ; Pigeons. $1 50 - per
dozen for old and $2 75®3 for Squabs.
'-'. GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese." $2 50
@3- White's Geese, . $1@1 25; -Brant,, $1@2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3©4; English Snipe, $3@3 50;
Jack Snipe; $16C@2. -.'.;., .
KBSE8?' J *tt}^'li^/ '¦ ' —
L-;-" • '¦; i Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
; ' '¦ ¦ : v 'i : .: ;¦:... ¦ i "-;. 7 . .';;>;,.•,;;'
'_; Receipts of Butter were 'very heavy, as"' win
, be ¦ seen below*. '; Prices .were < no lower,' a a deal
ers were jwaltlng, for answers to quotations sent
;up north on* the basis ]ofi the" last decline, 'and -if
the ¦ north accepts them and a* shipping ; demand
results the, feeling may.be steady. for a few, days:
at least.';', But if ,they are,turned down a further,
decline is not. unlikely, -as. the: market is over- 1
stocked,** and some interior . towns, .which have
"LIVERPOOL. ' . ¦.( '
¦ Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 6 ,% 5 11% 5 10}6
Closing ...;....:.... 6 % v- 5 11% '5 10%
PARIS..
Wheat— • March." May- Aug.'
Opening 21 90 . 22 45
Closing ....21 90-22 35
.¦¦¦•Flour — - . ' ¦ ¦"-¦'.¦-¦ ' -¦ ¦ '' ..' •- ¦'
Opening V... ;...."........ 27.05 ...'27 65
; Closing ...... :: .:..'¦ 26 95 . 27 60^ .
Available Grain Supply. . .
NEW YORK, , March 25.—^Speciar cable and
telegraphic communications .'to :' Bradstreet's
show the following: changes In available : sup
plies since the last" account :• .: ; -
Wheat. ; United . States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1,599,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe. fticrease> 800,000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 790,000 bushels.
' Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 556,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 395,000 > bushels. ' ' . ;
' Boston Wool I Market. '/.;¦'¦
BOSTON, March 25.' — With the settlement of
the labor '¦ troubles here trade In the various
Industries has returned. . The' wool ; market is
now on a steady, basis, but ' operations' are
quiet. The call "for Territory wools has been
moderate, but lots available on the market are
held steady, sjj Purchases "of new wool made In
Arizona that .are coming in cannot be sold
at i within , several cents j>er scoured Dound of
what they ccst, and the general feeling among
dealers here is that too high prices were paid
and It now. looks as though the new Territory
wools will open high this year. Fine. Territory
wools ' are . firm . and command on ¦ the scoured
basis 48®50c, while fine medium Territory is
qucted at 44@45c, with good staple lots higher.
Medium Territory wools are quotable at 38c to
40c ccoured, with occasional fancy lots going
higher. ¦ Fleece wools are quiet,.' but hold
steady !n. price. Australians are coming-in
quite liberally, but arrivals -are .largely on
manufacturers' account.* .
The market -for good .quarter-blood Austra
lians is quoted on the scoured . basis of 40@42c.
London lyool Sales. ,
LONDON, 1 March 25.— The offerings at, the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 85OJ) bales.
Most of the Bupply consisted | of ; New South
Wales. Fine grades sold . tot Germany at full
rates. Merinos and 1 ', cross-breds were steady.
A 'small > supply of . Cape - of 1 Good Hope • ar.d
Natal ..was withdrawn, as bids did not reach
holders' views. ¦¦•¦•• ;¦¦¦¦¦
.Eastern Livestock Market.
v CHICAGO, \ March 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500; steady. ; Good to' prime' steers, $6 MQ)7;
poor! to medium," $4 25@6 40; .'stockers and
feeders.! $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 40® 5 50; neif
; ers\ $2 50@6; canners',- $1 40{<2 40; bulls' $2 "50
@5; " calves, $2 50@6 25;". Texas-fed $3
<&6.- .--.¦ ¦' . % — -..;.' ,•,•..;¦..•" i ;•¦'•„;¦
HOGS— Receipts. 28,000; to-morrow, ;
market 5@10c higher. ".Mixed; an 1 butchers', .
$0 30@6 65; good to choice. $6 50-3C. 70; rough
heavy ?4 23@6 40; light, $6(^6 45:; bulk of
sales, $0 35@6 50. - . : -,; -
SHEEP — Receipts.'. 11, OOTi ; strong; UnibslCc
higher. : Good to choice wethers. >5 5)3 60; good
to choice mixed. $4 450'5;, Western ihrep, $3 25
©0; \ native lambs, $4@6 55; Western lambs,
$5 25@6 80. . .- ¦ ' .¦ ¦ . . ¦-'.; ,".; '. .
.. \Nciv ; .i York Cotton Market. .
NEW CORK, March 23i-^The; cotton mark»t
opened easy and 'closed (barely steady, net 3@13
points lower.'. ; ''j. . v.. l V -'*•:.>
Northern Business:
SEATTLE. March . 25.— Clearings, $547,577;
balances." $104,032. ':"'' .' ¦ -. .
. TACOMA, . March ¦ 25.— Clearings, $183,434;
balances. ?12.0Ui: • - , ••• . .,
PORTLAND, March 25.— Clearings $676,859;
balances,: $103,422. ' •¦ ;r ' ','.: i-ij&j»*9S»^aaBiS
-SPOKANE, March 25.— Clearings, $235,60Sr
balances, ; $50,718. ¦ / '. ' . -_ -' ,
NoKthcrn WheaU Market. >•
. OREGON. : ' • . .
" PORTLAND. ; March 25. — Wheat — Walla =
Walla, :e4@65c;, blue ': stem. - 65®65%c: 'valley,
«H{j65c. ¦ ¦¦-¦•• - - .- :\ ¦- : .
.: - . .. WASHINGTON. ; ;
> .TACOMAi March ¦ . 25.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Blue , stem,* 66c ; club, v (J5c. • >' :'•=- ' .. t
;:V! Foreign ;Markets: : i : ,:
' ;.; LONDON,'- -.March 1 25.^cdnsors,*' 94% ; 1 sllv'eh ;
24 , 13-1 6d;> French ~, rentes','* lOOf T Wheat
cargoes j- t>n : ; passage, steadier;' cargoes No. w 1
Standard California, 20s!" 9d; '• cargoes Walla
Walla." 28s • 10%d ; :¦ English country markets,
' quiet. ¦¦ •'¦ ¦ ¦ rf^^i'l* lll^' i^r 1<l Wr >< "ffW.>wlW.'^ l fl|IMlllJ
•- LIVERPOOL. ; March ' 25.— Wheat.'- quiet ; • No.
1 Standard r^alKornla.'- 6b 3d@6s 3%d; wheat In
; Paris,; quiet; flour, in.Parls, quiet!' French coun
try markets, quiet; weather In England, windy.
;,. COTTON— Uplands, 1 4%d.'\.-'vr7?; .'/'¦:- .;¦'<.;•''¦>-;?
Receipts ofi wheat during the past three dayf.
237,000 v ctls." Including 104,000 ctls "American. V
j CORDAGE — The local ¦ cordage company
quotes as follows:: Pure Manila. 16%c per lb;
Sisal : size, 12%c; Bale Rope. 12%e for Sisal
and'16%c for Manila; Duplex, ll%c. Terms,
60 days' or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots
of- 10,000 lbs lc less.- .,"-. ¦ . <¦
r PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles.' per . lb. 3%c;
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large. 4%c;
• COAL— Greta, a familiar Australian house
description. Is now offering. Wellington, $9 per
ton; Southfield Wellington. $0; Seattle, $6 50;
Bryant. 1 $6 M>; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Greta, $S: Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Wall
send. CO; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In 6acks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
; Welsh Anthracite. .$14; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per 200Q
lbs and $8 50 per ton.' according to brand. >¦
CANNED FRUITS — The 'California Fruit
Canners quote as follows* in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples $1 n5«n 45; Apricots, $1@1 50; Peaches,
yellow, $1 20@l 65; do.. Lemon Cling, $1 30®
1 75;.Bartlett Pears, '$1 25@1 75; Plums. 90c@
$1 25: Nectarines. $1®1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c
©51 35; Quinces. $1 10@l 55; Strawberries,
$1-3001 75: Blackberries. $1306160.
• CANNED ASPARAGUS — The California
Fruit ' Canners' Association quotes the follow
ing prices • for 1902, per case. 2 dozen. cans to
the case: Mammoth White. $2 50@3 75; Large
White, $2®3"5; Medium White, $1 73®2 65:
Small White. $160; Medium White, $1 75®
2 65; Small White, $1 60; Mammoth Green,
$2 65SJ3 65: Large Green. $2®2 90: Medium
Green. $1 75@2 50; Small Green, $1 50.
' BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln, " 5.55c; -Wool Bags, - 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%®Sc. '.-.
Gcncnal Merchandise.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for'.sood to choice. Local dealers quote 15©
17%c for shipment. ' "'-'¦•¦
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about. l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c: medium, 9igO%c: light, 8@S%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. ($6%c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal. 9c;
Salted Cair. 10c: Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 13e; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
¦Wool, ?.0@60c- each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool. SCO'S $1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
<rrl for large and %2 25Ca2 50 for medium, $1 75
(tel for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
•fry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@l 50 for medium, $1
ftl 25 for small' and 50c for Colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW — No 1 Tendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 3®3%c. . |
WOOL — Spring Southern, 12 months. 9@10c;
do 7 months. 0011c: Foothill, • 11® 13c per lb.
1 Hops remain as before, the demand being
merely fair. ¦¦ Dealers hold all but a small frac
tion of the crop.
Dry Hides are quoted firm, while salted are
weak and accumulating all over the State.
They are affected by weaker Eastern markets
and. an easier feeling' in Leather. .' '
Prices for new Spring Wools ¦ have been
established, as will be seen below. Receipts
thus far are llght.',and the- demand Is good for
choice Lrlght Eto/k/| which is firm,' while dark
and heavy Wocli iftre; slow of sale. quality
of the southern : Wools is rather"poor. being
heavy and dark, while the foothills are pretty
good. • ¦ -
Hides; Tallow'; Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK, March 25,. — To-day'a stock
market began to reflect the expectation of the
coming triple holiday from Thursday until the
Monday after Easter. So long an interval of
no trading always prompts some closing out of
accounts. There is an additional incentive that
the narrow resources of the loan market may
lead to a flurry in rates' when the demand de
velops for loans to carry-over from Thursday
t» Monday. .There were no immediate develop
ments of importance In to-day's money.mar
ket, but a number of important requirements
are to be met for the first of the month and'
the beginning of the coming quarter. These
requirements are known to be so considerable,
owing to the projects of ¦ syndicates, that .the
available credits of the banks within the legal
requirement of the 25 per cent cash reserve*
would be more than wiped out In meeting
them. An extensive shifting of loans obvious
ly will be necessary to meet the situation. ,
Bankers express confidence that the steadiness
of the money market will not be disturbed, but
speculators on margin with borrowed money
know from costly experience that this, does not
necessarily mean . that their call loan accom
modations will be undisturbed at a pinch.
There was a revival of apprehension this mom
ing of labor troubles in the anthracite region,
which seems to be justified in view of the con
tingent disorder of the miners' convention be
ing committed for a strike unless certain de
mands are complied with. Reassurances on
the part of those connected with the coal in
terests that no strike was anticipated were not
wholly effective and ] there was some active
liquidation, especially In the Readings. The
issuance of injunctions against Western rall
roads forbidding rebates and rate-cutting was
not unexpected, but the reported determina
tion of the Interstate Commerce Commission to
hold a further and more stringent inquiry into
the rate question was a surprise and had a
cooling influence. Preparations for further
suits in State courts against the Northern Se
curities Company were to be reckoned with.
The testimony of the principals in the great
contest for control of Northwestern railroads,
which is being taken In a legal contest, is read
with great attention in Wall street and not
with altogether reassuring effect on sentiment.
There was a slump of more than 7 points In
Evansville and Terre Haute. The advance was
renewed in Colorado Fuel after some early
heaviness .and the stock gained 3%,, allowing
for " the dividend off. North American made
a further upward dash, and late in the day
the Kansas City and Southern stocks and the
Minneapolis, St.- Paul and Sault Ste. Marie
stocks forged upward without explanation. The
gains were the exception ; to the rule, which
was generally on the side of losses. 'Amalga
mated Copper was supported In face of the
postponement of the Anaconda dividend, and
closed with a small gain. There was heavy
selling of the Wabash debenture bonds, with a
loss of 1% per cent. Otherwise bonds were' ir
regular. Total sales, par value, $2,350,000
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ; .
Stocks.— . ' Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison .6,100 77% 77 7714
Atchison pfd.... .. 2.000' '97% 97 96%
Baltimore & Ohio. .. 3,300 10«% 105% loo^
Baiti & Ohio pfd: 05^
Canadian Pacific. .. - 400 115% 115% 115%
Canada Southern.. 200 87% 87% 87%
Chesapeake & Ohio 500 45% 45% 45 %
Chicago & Alton... 600 35% ' 35% 35%
Chic & Alton pfd .... 75
Chic Ind & Louis.. 8,100 67% «5% 64*i
Chic Ind & L pfd. 100 79 79 78
Chicago -& E III... 200 159% 159% 159%
Chicago & Gt West 800 24% 24 24%
Chic & G W A pfd. 100. 87% 87% ¦ 87
Chic & G W B pfd. 100 45 45 45
Chicago & Nwstrn.. 1,300 230 229 229?i
Chicago R I & Pac. ti,600 181% ' 170 178&
Chicago Trm & Tr. 200 18 18 17%
Chic Trm & Tr pfd. 300, 34% 34 34
C C C & St Louis. ..... 102
Colorado Southern. 4,800 27 26% 26%
Colorado So 1st pfd 200 -70%, ',70% . 70
Colorado So 2d pfd. 2,600 41 (, 39% 39%
Delaware & Hudsn 400 171% 170% 170%
Dela Lack & West . 234
Denver & R Grande 100 43% 43% .. 43%
Denver & R G pfd. 300 ' 91% * 91% 9114
Erie- .~.: 4.400* 37 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd.......:-. 1.100 69% -'. C8% 68%
Erie 2d-pfd... ....;. 300 54%.. 54 .54%
Great Northern pfd. - 200 184% ' 184% 184
Hocking Valley V 200 - 71 « 70% 70%
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 • 86 85% . 85%
Illinois Central ... 1.200 142 140% 141
Iowa Central 500 4S% 48% 47%
Iowa Central pfd.. ..... ¦.... .... 81%
Lake Erie &. West. '..... .... ; 67
Lake Erie & W pfd ..... .... .... 129
Louis .&... Nash.... 14.000 1061* 106% 106%
Manhattan L..... . 20,700 134% 133' ! 133%
Metropolitan St Ry. 1.700 1«8% .167% 1«7>4
Mexican- Central... , 1,900 >, 29% 29 \ 28%
Mexican National;. ' 2.5O0 19% - «18% ¦'¦'¦ 18%
Minn & St. Louis.. ¦ 300 110% 110 . • 110
Missouri Pacific... 3,800 100% 100% . 100%'
Mo Kansas & Texas 200 "24%. 24% 24%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd * 200 54% 63% • 63%
New Jersey Central - 200 194 193 . 193%
New York Central. 900 163 162% 1C7%
cNorfolk*&. Western 300 ,56%- 66% . 66U
Norfolk 'A. West pfd 200 - 90% ; 90% . 90
Ontario-* Western 1,200, 33%. "32% 32%
Pennsylvania .....12.100 151%. 150% 150 vi
Reading,..:...-.... 42,700. 57 '• 66% ', 5fl%
Reading 1st pfd...'.' 7,400,', 81% 81% ST%
Reading 2d pfd. . .'. 23.400 • 68% 67% ¦¦' 67%
St L & San Fran.. 1,100 _-66% 66% ; P654
8t'L"& S.F 1st pfd ..... .... . ..... S2%
St I...& S F 2d pfd. 6,400 74 • 73% 73<ji
St L Southwestern- ' 100 27 27 26
St L . Swestern pfd ; 3,700 60% , 59% ~- " S9%
St Paul ex-dlv. . . . . 26,800 164% ,163% 163%
St Paul pfd ex-div. ..... ;. ...... iseu
Southern Pacific... 10,400 65% 64% '¦ 64%
Southern Railway. ' 3.800 32% - 32% 32%
So Ry. pfd ex-div. . 3,500 95% M U ..-•¦> 94 u
Texas & Pacific... • 200 40% ' 40% 40
To! St L & Western 200 21% 21<4- .21"
Tol St L & W.pfd. 2,100 . 37% 36% 36%
Union Pacific*..... 8.400. 100% '09% »9%
Union Pacific pfd... ,200 88 .: 87% >87%
Wabaeh ..". '200 23?i '.23% '23%
New York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 20@27c; dairies,
19%@25c. ' Cheese, steady, V.%@ll%c. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 12%@14c., .
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows-
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18@19 50; extra sizes!
higher; Redwood. $19020; Lath, 4 feet, $3 900
4: Pickets. $19; Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $25@31.
CANDLES,— The following Standard Oil
makes are quoted: Electric Light. 6%®9»ic;
Granite Mining. 7%@10i/ic; Paraffine Wax. »%
@10c; colored, lc higher; Radiant Farafflne
Wax, 6%@8%c per set.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs have again advanced and are quoted
firm. Beef is steady at about previous prices.
Mutton is scarce and firm, but Lamb is In bet
ter supply and lower. Veal U about the same.
Local butchers say that any further falling
off in recelDts of Mutton would probably cause
an advance. * ¦ - - - •
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
ar* as follows:
BEEF— 7©7c for Steera and 6@7 per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%®Sc; amall. 8%©10c per
pound. . -
MUTTON— Wethers. 8#©9%c; Ewes. SQS^o
per pound.
,.,£ AMB —T earlln8:s ' 1Oc P* r lb : Spring Lamb.
12V£c per lb. -
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%®0c per Hk'J- ¦
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following: quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered, at. San Franolsco. lean fid
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers.. 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb. ,
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3%@4c pe
lb (gross weight). • , •
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50©2 75 per
head or 5%@6c per lb liveweight; yearlings
4%@5c per lb.
HOGS — Llva Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%c- ¦
200 lbs and over. «%c; feeders. 5%c; sows. 20 a
per cent off; boars. 50 per cent off. and stags ~
40 per cent oft from the above quotations.
Receipts of Produce. -
TUESDAY. MARCH 25.
Flour, qr sks... 2.365 1 Wool, sks ....'.. 32
Wheat, ctls ....11.810 Pelts, bdls 135
Barley, ctls ....ll,785;Hldes. No 66«
Oats, ctls 45O,Qulcksilver.9fUks. 356
BAns, sks ...... 920 Leather, rolls ... 110
Potatoes, sks ... 3,182 Wine, gals 52,100
Bran, ska ...... 780 Tallow, ctl».... 21»
Middlings, sks .. . 685 Lime, bbla 273
Hay. tons 395 Sugar. ctl» ..... 2.S05
Straw, tons 10
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 360
'Articles — '• ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls %...:... 26,000 ; 20,000
Wheat bu . ." ......... .'. . . ' 56,000 95,000
Corn, bu ..'.'..".... ..V154.000 '27,000
Oats bu .;.'..;.......•.... 226.000 198.000
Rye bu'......l..i ..3.000 '.5,000
Barley bu . .-.TT. ......... ":* 57,000 ;:¦ , 16,000
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins. ll%c. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13%c; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef. $9 50@10
per barrel; extra Mess. $10 50® 11: Family.
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork. ?15: extra clear.
$22 50@23; Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef.
13%®14c rer lb.
Chicago was rather easier on the day. Mon
day's advance was due to the support given
to the market by. the' packers, outside specu
lative buying and the covering of shorts. San
Francisco dealers are still predicting an ad
vance, saying that they are selling at cost
of importation and even below, and that prices
must go up to get the business back - to a
normal basis. The demand Is merely fair.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@72%c; No. 2
red, 78%@79%c; No. 2 oats. 41%@42%c; No.. 2
white. 4.{%@45c; No. 3 white, 42%@43%c; No.
2 rye 57 %c; fair to choice malting barley, 63®
66c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 68; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 72; prime timothy seed. ?6 95; mes3 park,
per bbl $15 85@15 90; lard, per 100 lbs, $» 32%
@9 40; short ribs sides (loose). $8 00® 8 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed); 7 %@7%c; short clear
sides (boxed), $3 10@fl 20; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 30;clover, contract grade, $8 75.'
Retail Meat- Prices.
The following retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association : ',
BEEF — Roast. lOtglSc per lb; Tenderloin
Fteak 15©17%c; Porterhouse Steak. 17»4@2Oc;
Round Steak. 10@12%c; Stew- Beef. 8610c;
Corned Beef. SglOc
VEAL— Roast. 10@15c: Cutlets, 15©18c.
MUTTON— Roast, 12%€15c; Chops, 12%@
15e; 6te«vS@10c.
LAMB — Spring, 15<g25c: Roast. I5@lSc:
Chops. 15@20c.
PORK— Roast. 12%@15c; Chops, 15c
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A, G. McAdle, section I
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
• GENERAL SUMMARY.
Cool .weather has continued throughout the
gtate during the week, and light frosts have
occurred in nearly all sections. Northerly
winds have prevailed, and light showers have
fallen in all parts of the State.
Grain has made slow growth, owing to the-j
continued cool weather.. but is in excellent con- ,
dition, and a few warm, sunny days will cause
a rapid growth. An unusually large yield of
wheat and barley is predicted In the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin Valleys, and good crops ,
arc probable In all other sections. Pasturage '
is plentiful and etock are in prime condition.
Considerable work has been none during the
week in plowing, seeding, sugar beet planting
and cultivating orchards and vineyards. Work
in the hop fields of the Sacramento Valley is
progressing rapidly. - New potatoes and green
peas have been shipped from Alameda County.
At Pleasanton preparations are being made
for about 3000 acres of sugar beets this season.
So far as reported, the frosts during the
week were too light to cause material injury to
early deciduous fruits, nearly all varieties of
which are now in bloom and give Indications
of a heavy yield. Trees and vines are in ex- :
cellent condition in all Bectlons. One carload
of rhubarb was chipped East from Alameda
County during the week, the first of shipments
that will aggregate over fifty carloads tor the
season. The cantaloupe industry at Indlo is
thriving, and 25y carloads of the Coachella
variety will be shipped East during May.
¦ Sacramento Valley. — Grain continues In ex
cellent condition, but its growth has been slow
during the week,- owing to cool weather; it is
assuming a more healthy color, and with warm.
Funny weather will make rapid growth. There
will be unusually heavy crops of wheat and
barley if conditions continue favorable. Green
feed is abundant, and stock are doing well.
Work in hop fields is progressing rapidly.
Frosts occurred during the week, but they
were generally light and caused no damage to
fruit, go far as reported. Deciduous fruit trees
are heavily laden with blossoms, and prospect"!
are good for a larse yield. Citrus fruits aie
in good condition. Light rain has fallen In
nearly all parts of the valley.
Coast and Bay Sections. — Cool weather Is re
tarding the growth of grain and grass and the
development of fruit blossoms. Frosts occurred
in sorue sections, but were too light to Injure
fruit. Light rain has fallen during the week.
Wheat and barley are in good condition, and
with warm weather and late cpring rains will
make excellent crops. Green feed is plentiful,
and stock are in good condition. About 3000
acres' of sugar beets will be planted at PIeas>
anton th'.s season. Deciduous fruit trees ars
somewhat backward, but are in full bloom in
some places and slowly blossoming In others.
A correspondent at Holllster reports that apri
cots will not be tn full bloom before April 1,
and that peaches and prunes will be later. A
carload of rhubarb wac shipped East from Ala
meda County durlnathe week.
San Joaquin Valley. — The weather during the
week hae been generally favorable for growing
crop*, though somewhat cool for the growth of
grain and grass. High winds have prevailed
In some sections, and light showers have fallen
throughout the valley. Frosts were too light
to injure fruit. Grain is in good condition,
but would be improved by warm, sunnjf
weather: heavy crops of wheat and barley are
expected. Pasturage 16 plentiful. Plowing and
cultivating are . In progress in many places.
Trees and vines are in excellent condition, and
irtve premise of a large yield. The acreage of
grapes and deciduous fruits is being largely
increased.
Southern California.— L'.ght rains during the
wwk have been very beneficial to grain and
grass. The weather has been too cool for the
rapid growth of crops, but they are making,
fair progress, and a good yield of wheat and
barley is probable. Early sown barley is head
ing in Orange County. Pasturage is plentiful,
and etock are doing well. Light frosts have
occurred in some 6ect!ons. but caused no Injury
to. fruit. Apricots are in bloom, at Anaheim.
Orange picking is nearly completed, and the
new buds are rapidly forming. It is reported
that 250 carloads of cantaloupes will be shipped
East from Indio during May.
Eureka Summary. — Conditions are generally
unfavorable for farming. Grass and gram
made slow growth; some pruning . is being
done. Considerable snow tin hills; a -large per
centage of young lambs lost.
Lcs Angeles Summary. — Fine rains continue;
the ground is well saturated; has not been so
well eoaked for years. Field crops are looking
finely; honey prospects encouraging; warmth
and sunshine needed now. ¦ ¦•
P Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time!)'- v -
SAN FRANCISCO. March 25—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfall's to
date, as compared with those of the saine
date last season and rainfalls In the last twen
ty-four hours: t
Last This " Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.32 44.30 41.2-1
Red Bluff , 0.00 27.75 22 17
Sacramento 0.00 '15.46 17.18
San Francisco 0.18 16.fi5 1S.SI
Fresno -0.00 6.10 ' 10.28
Independence ,.. 0.00 4.05, 5.81'
San Lute Obiiro. . . . Trace 19.28' 27.62-
Los Angeleg :. 0.00 9.35 14.10
San Diego ... ..... 0.00 5.29 9.13
Kan Francisco data — Maximum temperature
02: minimum, 46; mean, 49.
The following maximum and minimum tem
.peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ..." .....: .44-3* j Kansas City . . . .5S-48
Cincinnati 64-3S lOmaha ..52-48
Philadelphia 66-TJ.! Chicago 46-36
Washington .... ..fi6-3fi|Duluth 38-32
Jacksonville : 78-58 jSt. Louis ... 68-52
New York ..... .56-34 1 Salt Lake City... 48-34
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 16.
'WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising papidly along the coast
from San Francisco northward. The disturb
ance over Utah and Arlrona has apparently
moved eastward, but heavy snow continued- in
Northern Arizona. Hirh southerly winds are
reported in Southern Utah. High- northerly
winds prevail along the coast of Northern Cal
ifornia. , . .
. The temperature continued from C to 10 de
grees below the normal in California and con
dltlcns are favorable for heavy frosts Wednes
day morning in the northern part of the State
If «he wild lulls.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 26, 1902:
Northern California — Showers In southern
portion clearing in northern portion Wednes
day; brisk northerly winds, i Heavy frost if
the wind lulls. / '¦¦¦
Southern California — Showery, followed by
.clearing weather Wednesday; warmer: fresh
southwest winds, changing to brisk northerly.
Nevada — Fair. Wednesday: not so cold; brisk
northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Clearing Wed
nesday; fresh northwest winds.
/ ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
~ £» :
Seattle 30.08 48 32 NW Cloudy .26
Spokane .:.... 29. 90 52 28 . S Rain -T.
Neah Bay 30.06 * 48 40 W Clear .28
Walla Walla.*.29.92 54 40 S ' • Pt CIdy .01
Winnemucca .29.86 42 26- NW Pt Cldy T.
Yuma 29.90 64 36 SE Clear .00
; Previous prices rule for all description!. The
market Is steady, but more or less. quiet all
over the country. There Is demand enough,
however, to clean . up everything by the time
the new crop makes Its appearance and there
is ' every likelihood that It will continue, as
there Is no surplus anywhere.
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorpark.i;
Evaporated Apples, 8@0c: sun dried, 5c;
Peaches, CVl®8%c; Pears, U@9c: Plums, pitted,
5®/Gc; unpltted, lVi®2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and' 5% ©tic for white; fie». 4%e for
black and 5%©6c for white. -• " . -.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted aa fellows:
30-40's, 6@6%c: 40-603. 4%@3%c; 60-60/s. 4%
@4%c; 60-70*8, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's. 3%©3%c; 80
i)0's, 2%@3%c; 00-100" s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. . 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown. 6%
@7%c; Loos« Muscatels, 6%c,-for 4-crown and
fi%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, 5Vjc for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, (2 60; Fancy, $1 75; London i Layers,
$1 25@1 35. •
-' NUTS— Chestnuts. ll@12c; Walnuts,' No. 1
softshell. 0%@10c; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hard
shell, 9c: No. 2. "c; Almonds, 10%@12c for
paper-shell, 9©10c for softshell and t&lc for
hardshell: Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. 11
©13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 0@llc
for lisht • amber; water' white extracted, 5$
6c.: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per. lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHICAGO, ; March 25.— Leaving out crop
damage reports, which traders in wheat refuse
to consider . seriously, . "there was '-. little new."
to help the - wheat bulls. | Cables % wero j indif
ferent and j closed • somewhat lower. ¦ May. opened
»4@%c tof%@%c;down at- 72c@71%c, but ic
covtred on, some buying J for /short accounts."
Th« continued long selling took off, the edge, of
the advances , and /prices fluctuated "narrowly.
Wheat was stubborn ' to any . loss, ' however,, and
was as quick: to. rally from' a. dip as to react
from a bulge. Late in the' day "May ¦ sold to
72%c. . ' The close | was * steady. May a • shade
under yesterday at 72Uc. . , •. ¦-,
' Corn was heavy at the opening on cables and
ccntinued weak most % of the session. A re
action'on '.covering purchases ¦ followed, but
the close was weak. May closed %c lower at
58%®58%c. ¦ '• '
Trade in oats was inclined toward dullness.
May closed easy, %c : lower, at 42%c. ¦ . ¦ '
Provisions • were nervous > for a tlm<;. nut
eventually .lost some of their recent gains -on
liquidation by longs, May pork closed 2%c
lower, lar< 7^ic off and ribs 5@7Vic lower.
The leading lutures ranged as follows:
. CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 00c® $1 50
for standard, $1 50@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for - fancy; ¦ extra fancy.' $3; Seedlings, $1©
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes. 75c@$l and
$1 25@1 60 in half boxes; Lemons. 75c<3?l for
common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@3; Mexi
can Limes. $4 50@5; Bananas. $1 i!5@2 - per
bunch fcr New Orleans and $102 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. . . ->
- The Orange market was dull.' owing to the
inclement weather and the large offerings at
the auction Eale on the previous > day. . Quo
tations on air grades are unchanjed. Three
cars are announced for to-day's auction. There
Is nothing new to report in the other fruits.
-APPLES— $2@2 50 per box for extra. $1 25®
1 75. for good to choice and 00c@$l for ordi
nary. • . ¦ -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dry Hides firm, salted weak and accumulating.
Beef steady, Mutton firm, Lamb weaker, Hogs higher.
Poultry cleaned up and very firm.
Potatoes and Onions about the same. jAsparagus lower.
Oranges dull and other Fruits featureless.
New quotations for Candles.
Gasoline and Benzine advanced.
Brisk trading in local bonds.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Wheat and Wheats Freights show little change.
Barley neglected here, but selling fairly in the. country.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Bran firm, Middlings steady and Hay weak. .
Beans and Seeds as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in large supply and weak.
Dried Fruit reported in quiet request.
Provisions firm and selling at cost of importation.
Quotations for new spring Wool established. y
Hops steady at the old prices.
Wabash prefd ..:.. T.IOO.' 42%. 42% 42U
w & l Erie :...:. <..... ...:..:! loy^
W & L E 2d pfd , 100 i 31 14 C . 31 y 2 '. '¦¦¦ 31 %
Wisconsin Central.. 1,400 22% • • 22 ; • ¦' 22H
Wis Cent prefd.... .500 43%' 43U ,43%
Express Companies — •- .• •-
Adams ...... '...-. 195 .
American ..¦....;".;.".....¦ . : . . .... 225 ' ;
United States ...... - 200.111 111 110
Wells-Fargo , 100 197 197 190
Miscellaneous — ,
'Amal Copper .....: 26,500 62U 61 61%
Am Car & F....... 1,100' 32%: 31*i~ 32 .
Am Car & F prefd. 700 91% 91% " ' 91%
Amer Lin Oil.... .. 100 24% 24% 24 .. .
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. •..¦; ..... .... 52 >
Amer Loco 2,800 32^4 31% 31%
Amer. Loco prefd... 200 04 93% 93%'
Amer S & Ref..... 2,600 46% 46^ 4C^i
Amer S.& Ref pfd.- 600 ; 98% 97% 97%
Anaconda- Mi n Co.. 5,600 20% < 28 ,28%
Brooklyn R Transit 3.700 66% 65 . 65Vi
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 49,400 . 106% 102% 10«%
Cons Gas 1.000 223 222% 222% I
Con Tobacco prefd. 200' 120% 120 120
General Electric: 1,600 324% 323 322.
Hocking Coal 3,800 21% 19% 20 •
Inter Paper ..2,300 22 21 ' ¦', 21 f
Inter Paper prefd.. 100 76& 75^4 75
Inter Power 1,000 ' 95. . 9i% 94
Laclede Gas '. ..... .... '•.... 88-
Natlonal Biscuit... 700 51 -50% 50
National Lead 1,100 19%' ' 18% * 18%
National Salt prefd 62
North American.... 11,400 125% 125 U 2 4%
Pacific Coast ' 73
Pacific Mail....... ' .... 44Vi
People's Gas 1,500 101% 101% 101%
Pressed S Car..... 4.000, 41% 40% 41 .
Pressed S Car pfd.. 2,8001 86 84% 85%
Pullman Palace Car 100 239 ' . 239 i 235
Republic Steel...... 14,900 18%- 17T4 ' 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,100 74% 74% " 74«i
Sugar 20.600 132% J.31% 132
Tenn Coal & Iron. 10,000 "71% 70 70
Union B &,P co.... 1,000' 106 100 106
Union B & P Co pfd ...'.'• SO
U S Leather 12,500 13% . 12% ' 12%
U S Leather prefd. ,1.100 82% 82% 82
U S Rubber 1,300 18Vi 1"% 17%
U S Rubber prefd. 700^ 62% 61 •' 61
.JJi'f! teeI ' 13,500 42Mi 41% 41%
U S Steel prefd.... 11.300 94% 83% 04%
Western Union 1,100 90% 89% • S9%
Total sales 554,400
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. ...109 L & N unl 4s 102%
Do 2 3 coupon.. .109% Mexican Cent 4s. 83 "
Do 3s reg 10f»Vi .Do 1st inc.... 33
Do 3s coupon.. 109% Minn & St L 4s. ..109%
Do new 4s regM39 M K & T 4s ..100%
Do new 4s coup. 139^4 Do 2ds ...82%
Do old 4s reg... Ill N Y C lsts. . . .1. .103%
Do old 4s coup. 112 Do gen 3%s.\..108
Do 5s reg ,..106 N J C gen 5s. ....140
Do 5s coupon... 106 N Pacific 4s M0«
Atchison gen 4s. .105% N Pacific 3s . . \74-% '
Do adj 4s .94 N & W con 4s.... 103%
Baltl & Ohio 4s.. 104% Reading gen 4s. ..78%
Do3%s 96% St L & I M con 5s.ll9%
.I Do conv 4s. 107 & St L & S F 4s... 60%
Canada So 2ds 108 St L Swestrn lsts. 99%
Central of Ga 5s.. 110% Do 2ds.. 80%
J Do 1st inc.... 78 S A & A P 4s.... 91%
Chesa & O 4%s...lO7% S Pacific 4s .. 04Vi
Chic & A 3%s.... 84% S Railway 5s 122 •
C B & Q new 4s.. 95T& Tex & Pac lets... 120% '
C M & St P g 4s.ll5% Tol St L & W 4s. 85 !
Chic & N con 7s. .138 U Pacific 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s.... 112% Do conv 4s..... 100%
C C C& St Lg 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts.'.. ..110%
Chicago Term 4s. 88 Do 2ds... 110%
Colo & So 4s 94% Do deb B :. 74%
Denv & R G 4s... 103 "West Shore 4s.... 113
Erie prier lien 4s. 100 W & L E 4s...... 91 I
Do gen 4s 87% Wise Cent 4s 90%
F W & D C lsts.112% Con Tob 4s. ...... C6%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.,
Adams Con........ 40. Little Chief 12
Alice 40. Ontario 7 25
Breece 50 Ophlr 00
Brunswick Con . O» Phoenix (XI
Comstock Tunnel . . 05 Potosi 104
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage 03
Deadwood' Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada..... 24 '
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes...... 45
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 45
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — V Do prefd. I.;... 94'
Call loans 3%R4% Westlnghs com... 96
Time loans 4 @5 Mining — . •- -¦¦¦'.
Bonds'*- ¦ Adventure . : . .','.. X 28%
Atchison 4s 103 Allouez S%
Gas lstsJ... 87 Amalgamated '..;. C2%
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81 Baltic 45%
N E Gas & Coke.. 59% Blngham 23%
Railroads — - Calumet & l Hecla.585
Atchison 77% Centennial..,: 20%
Do prefd. 97% Copper Range;.. .68
Boston & Albany. 264 Dominion Coal. ...120
Boston '& Maine. 194% Franklin :....... 12%
Boston Elevated.. i4« Isle Royale.. .. ... ;17% ;
NY N H & H...2H% Mohawk ........ 33% !
Fitchburg prefd.. 143% Old Dominion.... 20 I
Union Pacific fifl •*, Osceola . .... - . ...... 5S
Mexican Central.. 28% Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — ¦ Qulncy ........... .140
American Sugar.. 131% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Do prefd 119% Tamarack ISO
Amer Tel & Tel.. 168 Trimountain ..... 95
Dom Iron & Steel. 44% Trinity '.........., 13%
General Electric 2.12 United States 17% '
Mass Electric 37% Utah .. 22V4 I
Do prefd 0<5% Victoria 5%
N E Gas & COke. 0 Winona 1% i
United Fruit..... 91 Wolverine ....... 5%
U S Steel... 41%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for monay.94 1-16 M K & Texas.... 21% I
Cons for account. U4% Do pfd 55% i
Anaconda 5% N Y Central ....167 I
Atchison ... .... 76 :| 4 Norf & Western.. 57%
Do pfd ........ 100 Do pfd ........ 92 '
Bait & Ohio .. ..109«4 Ontario & West.. 33%
Canadian Pac ...118% Southern Ry ... :«%
Chesap & Ohio... 48% Do pfd ; > 0»',5
Chi G Western... 24% Southern Pacific . U6% !
Chi Mil & St P. ..171% Union Pacific ...102% !
Denver & Rio G.. 44% Do pfd yo '
Do pfd »4% U S Steel .....'. 43% I
Erie 38% Do pfd 96'A *
Do 1st pfd .... 70% Wabash ... .... 23% '
Do 2d pfd- 56% j Do pfd 43% ¦
Illinois Central ..145% iSpanlgh 4s ...... 77%!
Louis & Nash ...109%i >
Bar silver dull, 24 13-16d per ounce. Money !•
2%<5f3 per cent. The rate of discount in the;
open market for short bills Is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for j
three months' bills Is 2%' per cent, j ¦•!
.' London Market. " .
NEW YORK, March 25. — The Commercial J
Advertiser's London financial . cablegram saye: 'J
Th.-» stock market had a sa^slng; tendency to
,day. -with an absence of bushi?ss. TheTpiibli^
is inclined to hold aloof :bjf ore the holiday?.
Americans were dull, closing weak, with New
York coming as a general seller, particularly
of Erie and United States Bt&el; Rio Tintos
fo'.'I at 42% and Anacondas broke -5-l(> 'tol
51 3-16 in dread of the Amalgamated Copper
situation. . j
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL NEWS
EGGS— Ranch. 15%@lCc for selected large
and 14^@15c for good to choice; store, 13@
lt'^c ser dozen. -
CHEESE — New. 0%@10%c; _ old. 9@llc;
Young America, S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per
pcund. . " • - , . ' . '
BUTTER— Creamery. - 21c per' pound for
fancy, 20c for firsts and . 19c '* for seconds:
dairy, ' l"@10c; store - Butter. 16@17c per
pound. . ¦ • :
Receipts .were • 68,900 pounds and 5 tubs of
Butter. 2261 cases of Eggs. - 10.850 pounds . of
California • Cheese, ' SO00 » pounds or • Oregon
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese, j -
•Eggs remain, about the same.. What cannot
be sold are stored. ¦¦ which means that a good
many are going into store, as the supply, is
largely in excess of the demand . and receipts
are very heavy, as will be • seen. • . ¦
lately been taHing some Butter.from here, have
notified local dealers that they are now supply-
Ing their needs from their own sections. The
tendency is to sell, even If concessions have to
be made. . :.. i ' . : .
Cheese continues weak, with ¦. accumulating
stocks^ iTi ynwiniMwiMwi^fTKtifiirtr 1 * 111^!!*!
can- copper . can be * traded : in ; under the ' new
standard contract, .'which Is based on'the,con- ;
tract -under. Vhlch.- business In copper Is done
in .:> London. "? The \:-]ocal,: copper .market- was
rather easy; to-day, ; 12%c * "being -V asked .- for.
electrolytic .. and -, casting, ¦', but * there i were '-i no
bids, • and ¦ that r price ' was quoted.' < Lake was
unchanged at: 12@12%c.'.'At '.London copper
was 2s 6d:higher, r with spot at £52 2s 6d and
futures •' at ':. £52. ¦¦?.< ;:•;:•; .,-..- V,.v-., t -'V ¦: V ¦¦' l'-V ¦
."Tin was' - a ¦ shade' higher • here' , but 7s" 6d
lower In London.^ where spot closed at £116 is
6d and .futures at £114 5s.- . . ¦ ¦
>: Lead ruled .steady and.' unchanged at 4%c.
At London: lead was Is 3d: lower at '£11 6s 3d.
. Spelter ruled -unchanged here at 4.35c and
also at London at '£17 10s., V"i" * r .:
New "York ¦' iron ¦ was .. quiet . and steady ' and
unchanged, i Pig iron wtfrrants remained nom
inal. ' No. » 1 foundry Northern *- was quoted . at
$18 50@19 50; No. 2 foundry Northern, $18 CO
@19 : . No. 1 • foundry Southern • soft ¦ $17 50® 18.
At Glasgow the closing price for pig Iron
warrants was 2d lower at 62s 7d. Middlesboro
was unchanged; at 46s 9d. . ~
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retains Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100- lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine- Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c: Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coaxse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.23c-
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none :
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c-
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c* "D "
3.65c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more
boxes, 50c mSre; 60-ll> bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
5c i>er lb.; No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
SALT— Liverpool, $30®32 50 for the best and
$26@27 50 for factory filled. Domestic—Imita
tion Liverpool. $25 25®27; H. R. H.. $28 250
27: California Dairy. 5O-lb bags, $25@2tt : Rock
Salt. $17 6O019 60. according to quantity-
Granulated. $25 5O@27 per ton. •- *
QUICKSILVER— $47@48 per flask for local
use and »44<g45 60 for export. .
COAL OIL — Gasoline and Benzine are *4<.
higher. Water White Coal Oil, in bulk 13^
Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star 20c :
Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c de£
dorized stove Gasoline, Jn bulk, 15%c; In cases.
22c; Benzine, in bulk. 14^c; In cases. 21c- s£
degree Gasoline. In bilk. 20c; In cases. 26%e
TURPENTINE- 73c per gallon in caaei knd
67c In drums and Iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 73
<%e per lb; .White Lead, 6%@7Uc, according
to quantity.
vi^F IS ER— Is easy both here and in the
East. Sole, heavy 29@32c; extra heavy. 30® 40c
i£?Vj. 'm 26 ®? 801 Harn ess Leather/ heavy. 3o®
39c for No. 1 and 30«J33c for No 2- medlumr
No. 2. 36@38c; Collar Leather. 15@16c per foot;
~? C i t L I^? th ?\ 4 yj iic; K1 P- unflnlshedvWMo
per lb; Veal, finished, 16® 17c per foot- Belt
£und. SPlU9> " @16C: »»«»» s55U SiOo^w
liUiaS?^™™*- |25 ® 23 Der ton - s » ck -
OIL. — California Castor OH. la caju>« Vn 1
?&": £»' WJ^ 1 "-"S* °". tebSSS. boned!
>^i'./P^ « r # aSe8> more: Lacol. 6(Jc for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil
extra, winter strained, barrels. 85c- cases? 00c :
China Nut. 67^0680 per gallon; pweNeaiS-*
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 73c: Sperm cure
f 5 * 1 le « O , U - ? atural whtte - -»0®^Per P gat:
Ion; Fish Oil, barrels, 41 %c; cases 47i,c-
~» Nlca . r ?« ua — 12@l5c for prime to fancy wash
?Y/Ji/**? llc t0T f air to strictly good washed ;
HH'gOc for arood to superior unwashed; OSO^c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13@13%e for prime
waih*^ iT^*i h ,^ : "^©12>4c for strictly good
washed; 11911% C for good washed; 9Mi@10%c
w~w T ashe^ : 8 ® 9c for medium: 6@?Hc for
i£w ~ v ° rdlna nr; 10»i®12c for good to
Eh™ ,m k j >eaberr y: 9^@ioc for good to
KriorTn^ner'^ 1 ***** for gOOd t0
cases. Eastern style. 6c; Boneless, 3c, Nor
way," 5c; "Narrow Gauge." 5%c; SUyeT
King." 7c; Blocks.' "Orientals," 5^e: Bl0 *;k»;
"Seabrlght," B^e: Tablets. 7c; Middles, 6*,@
Sc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. Oc; 2-U> Boxe»,
Fancy Boneless. 7@8c; Desiccated. P«r ° o , zen '
80c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each. $7: Pickled
Cod. half-barrels, each. $4 25. *
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11%@12}Jc tor prime
washed: 10%&llc for good washed: — @13c- for
?,trlctly good washed peaberry; 9^@10^c for
air to prime washed peaberry; 9¥i<8l0c for fair
to prime peaberry; lCffillc for good to primed
for fair; 6@7«ic for common to or
dinary. • ....
Salvador— 12%@13c for strictly prime wash
ed; 10ia@l2c for good to prime washed; 9®10c
for fair washed; 10Vj@ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 0Vj@10c for-good to prime
'f™*- washed; IKsiO'ic for superior unwashed;
»V4'SS%c for good green unwashed: 9@9%c for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6@7c for
common to-ordinary.
the; sa^ ra
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
8
Articles " Open. High. Low. Close.
M^::^. 2 -72 •; 72% T1T4 .72%
July ....:...... 72% 73% 72-Jt, 7.JH
September 72^ , 73% 72% .3%
juiy-;:::t:::::: sals ,'59^.^; »«
September ..... 57& ; 68}& 57 ; . 5(%
M^:.^. 2 " , W'. -48H-- «% «g
July ........... 34% .34% 34 34'/*
September 28% , . 29 . 28% 2U
'Mess pork, per bbl — , ,
May . . . 15 90 16 05 15 00 15 92^
July ...........16 02'^ 16 25 1602^ 1605'
Lard, per. 100 !bs— : . , o
May U 65 070 9 CO 9 62M.
July 9 75 9 80 9 70 . 9 72 V,
September ..... 9 85 9 92tf 9 82& 9 82S4
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — -
May 8 75 . 8 SO 8 72Vj 8 72%
July ......."..:. 8 85 8 90 882V4. 8 85
September ..... 8 97& 9 00./ 8 92^ 8 »5
6TATI0KS.
o
g ¦
2.
-2 2
3 g 2 3
•a c "o c
BiS!
c c
?¦ '? •¦
O
si..
09 .'
n « a
a.
Astoria w.... 30.14 50 36 NW Pt Cldy .33
Baker 29.92 42 26 NW Pt Cldy .00
Carton ....... 29.S6 40 30 XE Cloudy T.
Eureka .......30.10 50.32 N' Pt Cldy .:$2
Fresno -2».»0 68 36 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .:... 29. B« 26 16 SW Snow ..JO
Pocatello. Id..29.74 4* 28 W Pt ady T.
Independence .29.72 C2 26 S Pt Cldy .00
ix>s Angeles.. .29. 9S 60 38 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix. .'.'... .29.96 66 38 W Pt Cldy .04
Portland 30>08 ftO 42 W Cloudy .16
Red Bluff 29. »8 5fi -42 NW Pt Cldy .00
ftoseburr 30.16 60 .40 N~W Pt Cldy .24
Bacramento ..29.04 SO 42 S Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake . . . . .29.78 56 34 £E Cloudy ".OR
Sad Francisco.29.08 ' S2 40 W Cloudy .18
K. L. Oblsp»..29.»S 58 .13 W - Rain T.
Ban Dleco 30.00 56 44 SW ! Pt ady .00
6TATI0KS.
o
g ¦
2.
-2 2
3 g 2 3
•a c "o c
BiS!
c c
?¦ '? •¦
O
si..
09 .'
n « a
a.
Astoria w.... 30.14 50 36 NW Pt Cldy .33
Baker 29.92 42 26 NW Pt Cldy .00
Carton ....... 29.S6 40 30 XE Cloudy T.
Eureka .......30.10 50.32 N' Pt Cldy .:$2
Fresno -2».»0 68 36 SW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .:... 29. B« 26 16 SW Snow ..JO
Pocatello. Id..29.74 4* 28 W Pt ady T.
Independence .29.72 C2 26 S Pt Cldy .00
ix>s Angeles.. .29. 9S 60 38 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix. .'.'... .29.96 66 38 W Pt Cldy .04
Portland 30>08 ftO 42 W Cloudy .16
Red Bluff 29. »8 5fi -42 NW Pt Cldy .00
ftoseburr 30.16 60 .40 N~W Pt Cldy .24
Bacramento ..29.04 SO 42 S Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake . . . . .29.78 56 34 £E Cloudy ".OR
Sad Francisco.29.08 ' S2 40 W Cloudy .18
K. L. Oblsp»..29.»S 58 .13 W - Rain T.
Ban Dleco 30.00 56 44 SW ! Pt ady .00
Articles " Open. High. Low. Close.
M^::^. 2 -72 •; 72% T1T4 .72%
July ....:...... 72% 73% 72-Jt, 7.JH
September 72^ , 73% 72% .3%
juiy-;:::t:::::: sals ,'59^.^; »«
September ..... 57& ; 68}& 57 ; . 5(%
M^:.^. 2 " , W'. -48H-- «% «g
July ........... 34% .34% 34 34'/*
September 28% , . 29 . 28% 2U
'Mess pork, per bbl — , ,
May . . . 15 90 16 05 15 00 15 92^
July ...........16 02'^ 16 25 1602^ 1605'
Lard, per. 100 !bs— : . , o
May U 65 070 9 CO 9 62M.
July 9 75 9 80 9 70 . 9 72 V,
September ..... 9 85 9 92tf 9 82& 9 82S4
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — -
May 8 75 . 8 SO 8 72Vj 8 72%
July ......."..:. 8 85 8 90 882V4. 8 85
September ..... 8 97& 9 00./ 8 92^ 8 »5
;|999®9e9e®®9e0e09®99999999999990e999909999990
§ COMPARpiVE RESULTS |
• Of the operation of Old Type Blast Furnace •
e ;'as against the furnace of the Vulcan Smelt- 8
} ing and Refining Company, at the Ivanpah S
• Smelting^Company's plant at Valley Wells, •
j San Bernardino County, California during S
j ten days' run: •
SDiameter.offurnkce... '..... ..'.. O ]t Type - •
m -Area of smelting zone.... .'.... ....... - _ q
% Smelted per 24 hours..........,;..;..... v^.) k Tons g^S* •
X • Smelting .....; 1 i-7 tnn<? * 4 m tnn< O
• Coke used per ton of ore smelted •¦••••••••••• * l JJSP? ' 436 ln^ 5
9 Coal used dally.:.. \\ " 3 tons
© Slag produced dally.......... * 16% tons «ton? a
9 Copper, lost in slags daily. 495 1b" 1260 Iba M
©Copper bullion produced* dally...;... .,...::::::;-:;f ;; 2660 Ibl S
Copper produced from one ton or ore.... .:... 117^ lbs 93 lbs **
• ::opperloitln sapper ton of ore.. ...... ' ""JsTbs" 6 ' 0 •
2 . Labor cost per ton bullion produced *"*" J200O 124^ •••
• Total smelting cost per ton bullion.:.... . """ *J^ ul'tn '•
• -Value of, copper -lest In;. s!as. per ton of. biiiiion\ «.<w
'.¦©-. ! *.v..".-. ¦ ¦- \ 3143 91 -V C6
tt Total, savings ; in vVulcan furnace per" ton'oifbui- 5?
lion produced.;...?;............. iSO.10 a
© ' In- advertisement of; March. 23<1 an . _ -_, _. ¦ •„ _ A
• error regarding copper . loss , in slag ¦ (SlRne'd)- «!• W, BENNIE- •
€> was Inadvertently -. made. - \Thc cor- ' ft
; • j action Is made In thU advertisement. . M.InSt. M. & M. (London). •
¦ 9 ---' ¦ "-¦•• ; -'- ¦ ;• - ¦-¦ ¦ .•¦-•- .,-'< ¦ ':< ' ¦ ' '.'' . ¦"' . : •'."¦ S
99999999999999G9999999999999099999999d009999f». OAKLAND; March . "' 25.— Licenses : to
marry,.; were issued- to-day; to James :M.
•Anderson, 38, '. and , Luclnda l ¦ Duncan,; 39,
both of Oakland; Joseph. de.Verre, 28, and
Erma Stratton, 29, both of San Francisco;
Edward B. Jacobs,' 21; and Lydla Pesclo,
18, both of :Oaklah<); George. LV. Leonard,
29, San Francisco, and Harriett W, Scott,
21, of Oakland. V
Licensed to Marry.
LOUISVILLE.* Kyi, , March k .. 25.— F.
/Whartoh Gdlden,,- whose-, statements to
counsel;' for the commonwealth ¦ led to • the
Indictment of W.'; S. Taylor, Caleb Powers
and others ''on the charge of complicity in
the murder of ; William J.Goebel and .who
was I an' Important .witness in the convic
tion of Powers, Henry /Y/outsey and Jim
Howard, is • said to ;be slowly • dying , of
consumption in New Mexico. • It Is; gen
erally '•¦'! conceded < that %:¦ Golden's dealh
would be a severe blow to the prosecution
in the Goebel.case.' With -him > dead, it
is assertedr that '. much of -the , common
wealth's - - e vlden ce v against Taylor and
Charles' Klnley could not be placed before
a 1 jury." ."//¦¦ ••'"•• =-"" ¦ .'.-" ' •¦.•...¦• .--.•¦ '¦:.¦¦'.;¦
Golden Is Dying.
ST. PETERSBURG, \ Saturday, March
22.— During the course of the recent dom-.
lclllary : visits ¦ the; police \searched the
house of an American,' Mrs:; Gardner, rand
arrested her: son, Boris, who is a student;
Nothing incriminating was discovered.
Mrs. Gardner hopes = her son will be re
leased on the condition that he will go.
to England to complete his education.:-.';
.Among those who. were ¦imprisoned- on
account of the student riots are officers,
lawyers ' noblemen, noblewomen and" the
sons and daughters of Cilcials.
The Official Messenger admits that from
Moscow alone - ninety-five students . have
been banished to.Slberla and that 567 have
been Imprisoned • for, terms : ranging from
three -to six months. ¦ :~>'.~...:. .:¦-....-¦¦,. -,-
BUSSI ANS AiBBEST
;' .V ."../¦ AN AMERICAN STUDENT
HELENA, Monti, March 25.— Last night
at.' 5:35, when the day force" was relieved
from duty, every man of the force ten
dered, to Chief .of Police Travis his resig
nation, and at 6 a. m. to-day the entife
night force followed suit, leaving the city
without a;slngle regular police officer: on
dut>V The reason assigned by the , rotlr
in;? Vbllcemen wa« that they had been or
dered- by the chief " to- take "a leave -of
abienpe from the 5th to' the '7th 'of April
for the- purpose-' of doing detective, work
in the In tereat of Mayor Frank Edwards,'
,who Is a candidate for re-election; Mayor
"Edwards denied that any such . Instruc
tions were given to the police force. .'
Policemen on a Strike.
The evening session was devoted to in
teresting papers, including the following
"Side Lights on Current Subjects," by
Mrs. Argie Kiggens of Santa Monica, and
"The Social 'Conscience," by Rev, Eliza
Tupper Wilkes of Los Angeles.
SANTA BARBARA,- March 25.— The
Woman's Parliament , of Southern ;, Cali
forfnia opened here to-day. After the in
vocation, by Rev. Benjamin Goodridgo
Miss Edna Rich,: president . of the Edu
cational Association, delivered the ad
dress of- welcome; She was followed by
Mrs. K. A. Osgood of Los: Angeles,, who
thanked the members for . their: hearty
welcome. Mrs. Mathew Roberson of Los
IVngeles spoke at some length on ques
tions that will come up at the biennial
meeting to be held in Los Angeles in
May. /.The /delegates were given ten
minutes each in which to report the do
ings of their societies. ; (¦ ;
At the afternoon session Miss Cora B:
Williams spoke on "The Educational Pos
sibilities of Woman's Clubs," • and Mrs.
A. A. Stowe on "The Apotheosis of Com
monplace." '• A reception was tendered
the delegates at the Manual Training
School. . ! '!• •< 'V . ,,-.
SOTJTHEBN
' "WOMAN'S ¦ PARLIAMENT
CONVICTED PBISONEBS
BECEIVE SENTENCES
Two I our Years Each for
Burglary.
One Gets Ten Years for Bobberv and
Frank Sullivan,. a sailor, .who pleaded
guilty in 'Judge Cook's court -Monday to
a charge pf robbery, was yesterday sen
tenced to serve ten years in San Quentin.
On the night of January 31 he took a gold
pin and .15 cents from Emlle. Navllle, a
shipmate.
Emanuer Rice and Louis CurzatI, who
were convicted by. a Jury In Judge
Dunne's court on the charge of burglary,
were each sentenced yesterday to four
years in Folsom Penitentiary. They,
broke into the shoe store of Leonardinl &
Co., on Broadway, and stole several pairs
of shoes. *
Tonada Massa, who pleaded guilty be
fore Judge Dunne to the charge of slnir
pie assault for rutting S. Tuckawa at
California and Dupont streets with a
knife, was sentenced to pay a fine of $180,
with the alternative of serving ninety
days in the County Jail.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA'S
OLDEST INDIAN DEAD
SONOMA, March -25.— The/ oldest Indian
In northern California is dead. _Vincente
Carrillo, aged 114 years, expired yesterday
at Pilastres ranch, near this place. Vincent
was born In this valley and was ¦ an old
man when General -Vallejo laid out.Son
oma in the early forties. Thirty-four
years ago he was nearly six ' feet !n
height, but, remarkable to .relate, when
laid out for ; burial his. remains were
actually- le«s than three feet in
length. The deceased leaves a »on and
a daughter, both full blooded Indians,
*vho reside at Elveranq. .These teatlfled
at the- Coroner's, inquest as to 'the old
Indian's age. Vlnccnte had been bedrid
den for a year..
William Ladeur, tne circus acrobat, who
arrived from the East Monday night and
was immediately arrested on the com
plaint of Miss Rose Hoeckner on the
charge of betrayal under promise of mar
riage, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday. Miss Hoeckner was in court and
Ladeur told the Judge that he was willing
to marry her. at once. The case was con
tinued till a license could be procured.
Accompanied by two officers, Ladeur
and Miss Hoeckner went to Judge Cook's
chambers and were soon made husband
and wife. They returned ¦ to Judge -Mo
gan's court, when the case was dismissed
with his' Honor's blessing. When arrest
ed Ladeur had more than $1200 in his
pockets, which he, had drawn from his
bride's -bank account in Chicago, and the
Judge made an order giving the money
Into the custody of the bride. Ladeur was
very nervous .until the case was /dis
missed.'- 1 ,-.¦-¦* • • - '- ¦".'¦¦¦ ¦
Promise Good by Marrying' Rose
¦ Hoeckner. < ':/¦.'.
William Ladeur, Acrobat, Makes His
SEATTLE, March 25.— The Alaskan of
the 18th has the following: "Eighteen
Japanese arrived on the Amur on Sunday,
bound for Atlin, where they will be put
at work developing the properties of Mr.
Fc-atherstonhaugh. Yesterday some of the
white miners returning to Atlin were
heard to say that trouble would un
doubtedly arise between the white men
and the Japanese. The white men know
that with the introuctlon of Japanese
wages will be cut to smithereens. It will
not be astonishing to hear of a race war
ot Atlin within the next few weeks."
SACE WAB THBEATENED
ik IN THE ATLIN DISTBICT
PREFEKS MABBIAGE
TO BEING IN JAIL
Washington— Theodore . M. > Anderson,
New Whatcom, clothes dryer; David L.
Demorest. Tacoma, .time circuit closer;
Henry 'Trueger, Auburn, • jointer for
plows. ' . - '¦.•¦'.: . ¦ - : ..
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Change Made in the Postal | Servic?
and Pensions and rPatents ',< •
.- .' :":.; . :V . .' : . ;".;-.
' WASHINGTON, March' 25.— The Post
office Department . to-day announced, the
following: Postmasters : appointed—Ore
gon— B. F. Shields, Hoagland,., Douglas
County, vice F.E. Shields,. resigned...
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—David Reynolds, Veterans'.
Home, Napa, $8; George W. Plankenship,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, ! $6; Samuer
M. Carr,. Oakland, $8: Albert H. Ham
mond, Los Angeles $6; Robert J.. Elliott
Campbell, Santa Monica. $8; -Robert D.
Taylor,. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8.
Increase-Edward McGrevy.
Home, Napa, $10; Jeremiah F. Blanchatd,
Santa Barbara, ' $15 ; James F. Boyle. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Max Kern,
San Francisco, $12; Eubray Stlckney,
Yountvllle. $12; William O. Sneath, Veter
ans' Home, Napa, $12. Mexican' war-
Francis H. - Reynolds, ' Bakersfleld, $12 ;
Robert D. Isreal, Coronado,.$12. Widows-
Eliza J. Bell, San, Diego, $8/ . .
Oregon— Increase— Wilson J. Jeffers, The
Dalles, $12; John i P. Thomas. Waldport,
$10; Jacob R. Davis, Shedda.. $12.
Washington — Increase— Jeremiah Swi
ger. New.Whatcom, $12; John Doggs,
Kelso '$12; Ellas Randall, Olympia, $12;
Andrew S. Polley, Cleveland, $8; Charles
M Bartlett, Sidney,. $12. Mexican war-
Michael Schultlce, .Tacoma, $12.
Army orders .announce that Captain
Thomas' L. Smith, Twenty-eighth -Infan
try, is transferred to the Seventeenth In
fantry and i will join' that regiment upon
its arrival in the Department ot Califor
nia The leave of absence granted Cap
tain William G. Hahn, artillery,-Depart
ment, of, California, is extended • three
months. .. -. . » \~ ,
These patents were issued .to-day: Cal
ifornia—Claude O. Anderson, Los An
geles, combined easement and point pro
tector; Henry BryanVModesto, gangplow;
Edward F. Diamond, , Oakland, emergency
shackles; Albert J. Higgs. Colton, circuit
breaking device; Adam Hoch, Alameda,
assignor to , Wendling-Hoch Adding Ma
chine Company,- . San Francisco,- adding
machine; same, ' adding attachment for
typewriting machines; John Hoey, ; ;San
Francisco, bed bottom attachment;,
Ashba L. Johnson, San Luis Obispo, dis
play cabinet; Herbert E. Law/ San Fran
cisco, massaging instrument; William H.
Martin; San Francisco, life-saving device
for street cars; James D, - MacFarland
Jr., assignor: one-half to J^ Bruckman,
San Francisco, revolving cylinder explo
sive engine:' Harold 8. -Miller, Pasadens,
automatically controlled rheostat for use
in electric motor circuits; Robert H. Poa
tlethwaite, assignor to Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works,^ San ¦'Francisco,
auxiliary cutter for gold dredgers; John
Sinclair, San Francisco, paper roll; Har
old'H." Stevens; Los Angeles, -Jar/ coyerer
and fastener 1 ; William D. AVatklns, as
signor one-half to J. ' W. - Bolster, Sari
Jose,'. telephone selecting device. ¦ v ; ; '¦'.'
Oregon— George Brown,- Santiam, ani
mal trap; William H. •Fredericks, Port
land,, canning device; William R. Willson,
Baker City, lamp. .
Among the precincts counted yesterday
were the Tenth of the Thirty-fifth, Sec
ond of the Thirty-fifth, Ninth of the
Thirty-fourth, Eleventh of the Thirty
fourth, Third of the Thirty-fifth and
FiftK-of the Thirty-fifth. Following is the
present standing of the interested candi
dates: • .
The ; election officers of the Seventh Pre
cinct of the Thirty-second District 'and
the Twelfth Precinct of the Thirty-first
District, who were cited to appear be
fore Judge- Murasky to explain certain
markings on several ballots cast .in those
precincts, were in court yesterday. They
said they knew nothing of the cigarette,
holes in one of th6 ballots,', a"nd said the
pencil markings on the other ballots were
placed there by order of a deputy regis
trar. Judge Murasky took the question
of allowing the votes to be counted under
advisement. The votes cast in the Eighth
Precinct of the Thirty-fourth-, District
were not counted, because several unex
plained marks In pencil were found on
many of them. The election officers j of
that precinct" will be cited to appear.
Marking of Ballots.
Shows .Many Errors in,' the
Secount. in Supervisorial Contest
ELECTION OFFICERS
' GIVE THETR TESTIMONY
L. Lebenbaum. has been a prominent fig
ure in the commercial life of San Fran
cisco. In 1873 L. Lebenbaum and Jacob
Goldberg bought out the old grocery firm
of Kroning, {located on Kearny street,
which was established in 1850. The new
firm was styled L. Lebenbaum & Gold
berg. In 1881 the firm acquired the busi
ness of Bowen Bros., taking C. R. Bowen
Into the partnership. The firm name then
became Lebenbaum, Goldberg & Bowen.
In 1885* the partnership was dissolved.
Lebenbaum went: into business with, his
brother on Sutter street under the "name
of Lebenbaum Bros., while his former
partners continued as Goluberg, Bowen &
Co. In 1891 the ; two firms were consoli
dated under the name of Goin.oerg\ Bowen
& Lebenbaum, continuing until 1896, when
the partnership was . dissolved. Leben
baum & Co. resumed business on Sutter
street, the firm consisting of L.' Leben
baum, " S. 'Lebenbaum and Jesse Meyer
feld, while Goldberg. Bowen & Co. was In
corporated. The officials of the latter firm
are: Jacob Goldberg, ; president; Hugo
Keil, vice president; George W. Whitney,
secretary and treasurer, and Charles E.
Burton, assistant secretary. The firm has
three large stores, in this city and one in
Oakland. • : ' - ' , • '" . ' .
Jacob Goldberg, president of Goldberg,
Bowen & Co., and Hugo-Keil, viqe presi
aent, were Been yesterday and statea that
their firm would shortly. absorb the busi
ness of L. Lebenbaum &^Co. Goldberg
said: . ....... : ' ' .
"We have not tried to secure the busi
ness of Lebenbaum & Co. bur it has been
practically thrust upon us. L. Lebenbaum
was formerly associated in business with
me and we nave always been the best of
friends. The death ol his brother was a
great loss to him, and his partner, Meyer
reld, does ' not wish to longer remain in
the grocery business, which is a very
taxing one. This would leave Lebenbauni
alone and he does not feel like carrying
on the business single handed or look for
other nartners:* He offered us his .busi
ness, and though I tried to induce him
to continue/ he has firmly made up his'
mind to retire. Our firm then decided to
accept his offer and the deal will soon be
closed. 1 ' " '•'.•¦
Hugo Keil, vice president of Goldberg,
Bowen &• Co.', stated that. his firm would
carry 'on' the business of Lebenbauni &
Co. for some months, but' that when the
lease of the Sutter-street store expires
the patronage of Lebenbaum' & Co. will
be transferred to Goldberg, Bowen & Co.
In speaking of the matter,- Keil said: \
"Lebenbaum willremaln with our firm,
as he Is very popular 1 and- has a- large
personal following that is most valuable
in business. All the employes of Leben
baum & Co. will be given positions by our
firm." . . v . ,
The well-known grocery firm of L. Le
benbaum & Co., 222 to 224 : Sutter street,
will shortly go out of business , and its
large stock is to be acquired by Goldberg/
Bowen & Co. The retirement of the firm
or Lebenbaum & Co. will be learned with
regret by^the community, as it has al
ways enjoyed great popularity.,
j The reason for the. winding up of the
affairs of the firm is ' that L. Lebenbaum
does not feel that he is able to continue
the. business owing to increasing years. A
few months ago his . brother; a. Leben
baum, died ana the third partner, Jesse
Meyerfeld,* is. desirous, of retiring when
the partnership expires in a few months.
The lease of the store on Sutter' street
also terminates shortly.* •-,'-*
ijebenbaum & Co; Will
; Retire From the -
Local Field. !
CAN NOW COMPETE WITH
..THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 25,
Twenty-five cents, or rather the lack^ of
it,, stood between D. Edward Collins and
Victory to-day Jn the mandamus proceed
ings he brought against City Justice John
W. Stetson to compel him to issue a sub*
pena directed to Editor G. B. Danie'.a,
one of his opponents in the suit against
the Oakland Encuirer.
Victory had been flying about Collins*
head all day. and Judge Greene seemed
about to decide that his position was
proper when lo! the opposition
discovered that Collins' attorneya/Messrs.
Henry Ach and J. B. Richardson, did not
tender the twenty-flve-cent fee that goe*
before a subpena is issued In the Jus
tice's Court and that an affirmative state
ment on this important point had not
even been made in the affidavits that were
filed. ¦
Attorney Charles E. Snook made the
most of this, grave breach of legal eti
quette and soon had the wings of victory
hovering about the head of his client
rather than that of Collins, and • Judge
Greene decided to dismiss the alternative
writ of mandate. He dismissed it with
out prejudice, however, so that Collins
will have a chance to file new papers,
which he probably will do in a day or
two. •
The neglect to tender the twenty-five
Cents was not the only technicality that
figured in this temporary defeat of Col
lins, though it was the most important.
One other was that his affidavit failed
to show that Justice Stetson had refused
to issue any subpena, which it ought to
have done in view of the fact that it had
said he had refused to issue the subpena
for this particular case. Still another pin
point omission was that the plaintiff had
not said that the Justice refused to give
any valid excuse for not issuing the sub
pena. These flaws Judge Greene said he
might have overlooked if the twenty-five
cents had only ' been tendered or some
mention made of it.
Attorney Snook let'Attorney Ach argua
all day before he sprang any of these le
gal points on the court. Then when he
saw that It was getting late he turned
loose his acquaintance with the law and
legal-proof papers and that put the prop
osition for a writ of mandate out of busi
ness.
•j Mr. Ach devoted most of hl3 time to. a
dissertation on the meaning of the words
"may" and "shall" in the legal sense.^ It
seems that the law says a Justice or offi
cer of the court or. minlsterferT officer
"may" or "shall" do a certain thing or
take a deposition, which Is equivalent to
saying that he can if he wishes, but if ha
don't wish he needn't. -Ach cited authori
ties to show that "may" or "shall" al
ways mean must. . ...
Of course there were other seductive le
gal arguments that sound well enough to
the practiced ear in the courtroom,- but to
the layman are quite enigmatical. These
took another part of the day. .
Judge. Greene was quite sure that Ach s
position as to the meaning of the word*
"may" or "shall" was tenable, and he
agreed with most of his other positions.
He was certain that it was the duty of a
Justice to issue a subpena. But he could
not overlook those fatal errors in the con
struction of the affidavits on which .the
application for the writ of mandate wa3
based
"It is my judgment," he said, "that It
la the imperative duty of "a Justice to Is
sue a subpena when he ia requested to da
so. He is a public officer and it is in
cumbent on. him to discharge the duties
that are imposed upon him. The law gives
litigants certain rights and states through
what officers the rights may be secured,
and the refusal of an officer to issue a
subpena is a deprivation of the rights of a
litigant." •
: Collins' attorneys were for making an
other application to-morrow, but later on
they changed their minds and it, will he
several days probably before the battl*
for Editor Daniels' deposition is renewed.
Transit {Company Secures Franchises
That Will Enable It to Carry
Out its Schemes.
OAKLAND, March '25.— The Oakland
Transit Company now holds franchises
that parallel the local lines of the South
ern Pacific Company in every direction.
The action of Town Trustees of Berkeley
in granting this company a series of
street privileges for its electric cars gives
the company the last links that are nec
essary in its chain of roads that is to cen
ter at the terminus of the California and
Nevada Railroad at Emeryville.
I The .most valuable . franchise granted
last night is that from East Berkeley sta
tion, paralleling the present steam rail
road operated by the Southern Pacific
Company along Shattuck avenue, follow
ing the steam line in the curve down Ade
\line street .to the boundary of the town.
S A short franchise is needed through Oak
land • and - through a small corner or
Emeryville, and • the Transit Company
will then havw $ line from all' parts of
Berkeley directly to. its proposed ferry at
Emeryville. ''¦"•" - .
The line down University avenue is only
a local line that .will accommodate the
two ends of Berkeley, but has no direct
connection with the proposed ferry. The
line up Hearst avenue and along _Eucli»I
avenue Is to give better facilities to .this
rapidly 'growing section, and ' the San
Pablo avenue extension is to meet the
franchises that were granted in Contra
Costa County some time ago for a line to
Point Richmond. These franchises are
now inthe posseslon of the Oakland
Transit Company. ¦
The Berkeley Trustees Imposed a condi
tion that all the lines proposed be com
pleted in two years. ,- ;
, The Oakland Transit Company and the
Oakland and East Side Railroad will soon
be, in a position to , compete with the
Southern Pacific Company In- every sec
tion of ¦ Oakland, . Berkeley.- Alameda,'
Fruitvale, San Leandro and Haywards. It
was thought that the greatest difficulty
would be in securing the Shattuck ave
nue and Adeline street franchises. Thest
having 'been granted, little opposition Is
.expected to the other \ pieces that are
wanted In Oakland and Emeryville.
•Calif orniaris in New ; York.
NEW Y.0RK. March 25.— The following
Californians-are in New York: From San
Francisco— William W. Duval, at the Im
perial; H. ; * Francis,' at the Grand Union;
Miss M. A. Kip, at the Westminster; A.
S. Rosenblat, W. J.,Wayte. H. G. Hamil
ton arid wife, at the Hoffman; Mrs. Cove,
at the St. Denis; C. J. Dillon, at the Ash
land; T. M. Grant, at the Cosmopolitan;
Miss E. H. Knapp, at the Cadillac; H. J.'
Mahoney, at the New Amsterdam.
Eakcrsfield Resident Wounds Man
AGED HTJSB ANI> SHOOTS 3
HIS WIFE'S COMPANION
He Accuses of Wrecking
. His Home.
BAKERSFIELD. March 25.— "Don't
run, wife, I'll not .hurt you, but I wish
I could get tha£ man."
These wer| the words of J. S.- Ranous,
an aged man of : this crty, just after he
had fired three shots from his piatol at
S. N. Harris, a veterinary surgeon, who,
Ranous alleges/ robbed him of his wife's
affections and led her to sue him for di
vorce on the charge of cruelty. The com
plaint was filed a few days ago In the
Superior Court, of this county.
According to Ranous, who was arrested
by Under Sheriff jFrancis Borgwardt and
lodged in the comity jail. Harris has for
some time past been meeting Mrs. Ka
nous. -The husband protested, but to no
avail, and ' to-night, seeing his wife and
the veterinary surgeon together, he fol
lowed them down Chester avenue beyond
Eighteenth street. - After walking to
within a few feet of the couple he opened
fire, i The first bullet went wide of its
mark and Harris started to run. The
next bullet passed through the fleshy part
of the fugitive's right leg. while the third
shattered the muscles of the left arm.
Harris says that he met the woman ac
cidentally on the street. Ranous is a
teamster, 53 years of age. ' Dr, Taggart
says that Harris' wounds are not serious
Mrs. ' Ranous will not talk of the affair.
Killed by Electric Shdck.
,. CROCKETT, March 23.— Daniel Wil
liams, night " electrician of. the California
and Hawaiian Sugar Refinery Company,
was killed, and Joseph Reed, a fellow
workman, slightly injured, by an electric
shock to-night. Williams was a Welsh
man by nativity and about 35 years of
age. The Coroner's jury viewed the body
and will later determine the cause of the
accident. The exact manner of Williams'
death is still In doubt. -' •
SAN JOSE. March 25.— The bones of a
mastodon have been unearthed on the
Dowdio ranch near Gilroy.
Mastodon's Bones Uncovered.
Rhodes Passes Bad Night.
' CAPE TOWN,' March 2&-6 a. m.— Cecil
Rhodes passed a bad night last night. He
rallied early this morning, however, and
took some nourishment.
Rodley PhilTips, a sophomore who has:
been attending college regularly, was
quarantined to-day at his home, 2526 Tele
graph avenue, on account of a light at
tack of smallpox. The young man. does
not -know when he was exposed to the
disease. ¦ • . . ' .; .
GEORGE F. REINHARDT, M. D.
BERKELEY, March 25.— A notice was
issued to-day at the University of Cali
fornia, by order of President Wheeler,
which requires all students. and employes
to be vaccinated Immediately. Students
will not be allowed to attend college after
Thursday, unless they have filed with the
recorder of the faculties certificates of
vaccination from physicians. The uni
versity will vaccinate all --students free
who wish it and Dr. A. A. D'Ancona. Dr.
Mary B. RItter and Dr. G. F. Reinhardt
have charge of the work. ' •"
The notice issued to-day and which will
be read in all the classes to-morrow is as
follows: '
All of fleers, students and employes of the col
leges at /Berkeley will be expected to file with
the recorder' 8 office at once a physician's cer
tificate of successful vaccination - within the
past two years or oi a vaccination within the
past two weeks. An acknowledgement of the
receipt of the certificate will then be Issued by
the recorder. Blank certificates, ready for the
physician's signature, may be obtained, at the
recorder's office, Harmon Gymnasium or Hearst
Hall. " . f. ' >
The members of the university may be vac
cinated at their own expense by their own
physicians, " or may be . vaccinated by the uni-.
verslty without expense to themselves. The
hours for such vaccination' will be -as follows:
For women, In Hearst Hall-f 8 :30 a. m: to 12
m., 1:30 to 5. p. m. •
¦ For. men. : in Harmon Gymnasium — 8:30
a. m. to 12 m., 1:30 to 5 and 7:30'to 10 p. m.
Students who fall to file with the recorder
their certificates of vaccination by 5 p. m.
Thursday, March 27, will be .dropped from the
university rolls and excluded from all univer
sity exercises until such time as the certificate
is filed or until further notice. By order of the
president* V ' ¦ '. - - : . .' ¦
University Health Board: ¦ - 1 . -
- WALTER E; MAGEE, Chairman.
ARNOLD A. D'ANCONA, M.-D. \
' MARY B. RITTER. M. D.
•The following is a list of the represent
atives to the Grand Lodge of the Degree
of Honor, A. O. U. W.. that will hold its
biennial session in Memorial Hall of the I
Odd Fellows' building in this city, com
mencing on Tuesday next and remaining
in session for several days:
Dawn of Hope No'. 1, Oakland— Mrs Ellen
Murphy. .
Silver. Star No. 2, Oakland — Mrs. Flora Mor-
SUver Spray No. 3, San Francisco — Miss Se
lina Cockier.
Ivy No. 4, Oakland — Mrs. Ella Van court,
Mrs. Sadie Cerr.
Alida Upchurch No. 6, San Jose — Mrs. Emma
Koerber, Mrs. Ida Mansfield, Mrs. Anna Jung.
Lily of the Valley No. 11, Sacramento — Miss
Lucy Genis.
Minerva No. 38, Alameda — Mrs. R. H.Finley.
Magnolia Xo. 34, Los Angeles — Mrs. Emma
J. Peebles. Mrs. Eunice L. Cyrenlus.
Martha No. 39, Fresno — Mrs. Hattle E. Col
lins, Mrs. May Purcell, Mrs. Rose Hill, Mrs.
Ella M. Crossman, Mrs. A. J. Moreland.
Mount Wilson No. 40, Monrovia — Mrs: Lizzie
G. Sandefur. . ' • , ;
Magnet No. ,43, Lemoore — Mrs. Mary A.
C <Jrant No. 44, Nelson— Mrs. Anna "White.
Peerlees No. 45, Colusa— Mrs. Alice J. Lear. *
Protection No. 40, Hanford— Mrs. Mary Ran
dall. ' ' .•
Crown of the Valley No. it, Pasadena — Miss
Fannie S. Blatenbursr. , ¦- „ * \
Golden State No. 50, Forest — Mrs. Dell
Morris.
Daphne No. 51. Napa — Mrs. Bertha Heegler.
Viola No. 53. Covlna — Mrs. P. H. Matthews.
Nellie No. 56, El Monte— Mrs. Mary McClin
toct. . ¦ . ?
Progress No. S8, Newman — Mrs. Lillie Kln
kade.
Olive Branch No. CO, Los Gatos — Mrs. Esther
M. Pearson.
Desert Queen No. C4, Randsburg — Mrs. Nora
E. Kane. \
Nevada City No. 63, Nevada City — MrB. Vina
May. . v "
Big Valley No. 66, Lookout — Mrs. Barbara.
Fulcher.
Star of El Dorado No. C7, El Dorado.— Mrs.
C. B. Askew. '
Mount Hamilton No. CO, San Jose— Mrs. Lou
Hines.
Orange Blossom No. 71, Azusa — Mrs. Mary
Pressler.
Anchor No. 75, Ukiah— Mrs. Belle Gibson.
Valentine No. 78, Bakersfleld — Mrs. Ellen
TIbtoet.
Madrone No. 79, Lakeport — Mce. Josephine
White.
Emerald No. 81, Los Angeles — Mrs. Amelia
Frlcke.
Estella No. 83, Boulder Creek— Mrs. Mary
Brimblecom.
Jewell No. 84, Hopland — Mrs. Callle M.
Grant. ¦ - •¦ - - * •¦-
I Laurel No. 85, West Berkeley — Dorothea M.
I Hadlen.
Woodbine No. 80, Stockton — Mrs. Ella Mc-
L&'-rin. ¦ ¦ v ' ¦. .
Myrtle No. 89, East Oakland — Mrs. Lillian
A. Carney. ¦'
Union No. 90,' Hay wards — Mrs. Ethel • M.
' Owen. ¦ • - - - - "~
Scott Valley No. 94, Etna Mills— Mrs. Carrie
Harding.
Moneta No. 9S, Moneta--Mrs. Lenna M.
Fltzpatrick.
Enterprise No. 99, Folsom — Mrs. .Ida Marvin.
Underwood No. 100, Waterford — Mrs. Nellie,
Underwood. • ¦
Sunset No. 101. El Cajon— Mrs. Sadie Bren.
Sunshine No. 102, Hollister— Mrs. Lizzie
Grebb * . ' '«¦ ' ¦
Emblem No. 103. San Dlejjo — Mrs. Nannie
Lean'dro No. 104, San Leandro — Mrs. Elise
Loretta No- 105. . Giilnda— Mrs. Nettle Tittle.
F,orget-Me-Not No. 100, San Fi^nciaco— Mrs.
May E. Shea. ' £&®L i *
Ctolco No. 107, Chlco— Mrs. Z%paiiorner. "
¦ Enclna No. 1C9, Paso Robles— Mrs. Phoebe
Brooks. . : *
Shield No. 110, San Mateo — Mrs. Anna Ker-
Fidelity No. 111. ' ValleJo-rMrs. Addle Nigh.
I Hollyberrx No: 112, North San Juan — Mrs.
M. B. Wodell.
Harmony No. 113, Jackson— Mrs. Lillian E.
Freeman. " " '
Wideawake No. 114, Campbell — Mrs. Daisy
Ramona. No. 115, Corona^Mrs. Cora Nichols.
Meridian No. lit*. Meridian — Mre. E. V.
Jacobs
Unity Lodge of Grass Valley. Gilroy Lodge
of Gilroy. Lilly of the Foothill Lodge of Sut
ter Creetyand Marguerite Lodge of Downievllle
have notjyet reported their delegates. j
Grand Officers to Come.
In addition to the representatives named
the following named grand officers .will
! form part of the convention: . „
Mrs Viola S. j Norman, past grand chief of
honor; Mrs. Flora J. Nay, grand chief of
honor; Mrs. Minnie 'M. Bacon, grand lady of
honor; Mrs. Cordelia Albln. grand chief of
ceremonies: Miss Loretta F. Donnelly, grand
recorder: Miss Margarette H. Ohea. graTid re
ceiver- Mrs Eunice L. Cyrenlus. grand usher:
Mrs Ella Van Court, grand Inner watch; Mrs.
Josephine White, grand outer watch; pa«t
grand chiefs of honor— W. H. Barnes, D. S.
Hirshberg. Mrs. Esther A. Lovejoy, Miss M.
H Ohea Mrs. Nellie J. Masters, Mrs. Evelyn,
F' Majon, Mrs. Mary J. Stewart and
Mrs Viola S. Norman; finance committee
M 'rs Ida J. Brooke, Mrs. Esther A.
Loveloy and Mr*. Minnie F. Hollis; committee
on laws— Mrs. Luella Whiting, Mrs. Mary J.
Stewart and Mrs. Dora Vlnter.
Election to Be Held.
The indications at this time are that
Mrs. Minnie M. Bacon will, be advanced
to the position of grand chief of honor
and Mrs/Cordella Albin will be promoted
to grand lady of honor. For the office of
grand chief of ceremonies the names of
Mrs Eunice L. Cyrenius, at present grand
usher, and Mrs. Ella Van Court, the
grand inside watch, have been mentioned.
There will not be any opposition -to the
re-election of Miss Loretta F. Donnelly
as grand secretary and Miss Margarette
Helen Ohea as grand treasurer.
The order at this time has sixty-two
lodges, twelve of which were instituted |
since the previous session of the grand
body. The membership, which is of two
classes, beneficiary and social, the latter
predominating, is nearly 3000.
On the evening of Wednesday,. April 2,
the grand officers and representatives will
be tendered a public reception in Assem
bly Hall of the Pioneer building. On that
occasion the San Jose drill team will give
an exhibition drill. The following night
the Fresno team will exemplify the work
of the order before the Grand Lodge.
The Sons of the American Revolution
is one of the largest, of the . patriotic
American societies . for men, . numberins
more th*n 10,000 'members, with 'societies
in 38 states, ' the District ' of Columbia;
Paris, France, and Hawaii. , The Cali
fornia-society, originally the Sons of Rev
olutionary Sires, . was organized July 4;
1875, but In 1889 it was reorganized under
its present. name.' The largest of the two
societies in foreign countries I is , the one
in Paris, in which General Horace Porter,
•United States Embassador to France, Js
president. The largest societies are:
Massachusetts with 1300 members, New
York with 1200 and Connecticut "1000. The
membership of the California Society is
nearly 350. Its present registrar, "Colonel
A. S. Hubbard, was president general of
the first 'national congress in 1890.
The National Congress -will meet m the
new Willard Hotel and will be cabled to
order by General Walter S. Logan of New |
York, 'after which an address of welcome
will be delivered by Commissioner Mac
farlane. .The body will be in session from*
Wednesday to Friday and. during that
time, after the transaction of general bus
iness, the officers and the -delegates will
be entertained in various ways. A feature
of the entertainment will be a banquet at
which President Roosevelt will deliver an
oration on the life of. General George
Clinton* the first Governor of the State of
New, York and the fourth Vice President
of the United States. On the day. previous !
to the first session of the cqngress a com
mittee from the New York Society, of
which Colonel Prime is the chairman, to
gether with a committee from the Dis
trict ' of Columbia Society, General
Thomas M. Vincent chairman, will visit
the Congressional Cemetery, where, with
appropriate, ceremonies, a marker, of the
National Society will be placed 'ton -xhe
grave of General George Clinton, who died
in' 1812. '¦/.;•. •- ' ¦' ; \ , • '' -.¦¦-'. ; ' < •' ' : '' / - M
The general officers who have charge of
the congress are: Walter S. Logan of
New York, president general; James D.
Hancock of Pennsylvania, Thomas Pitts
of Michigan, Horace Davis of California,
George Whitehead of New Jersey and
George A. Pearre of Maryland,, vice presi
dents; Captain > Samuel E. Gross of Chi
cago, secretary general; .Cornelius' A.
Pugsley of New York, treasurer- general;
A. Howard Clark of the District of Co
lumbia, registrar, general; George .W.
Bates"of Michigan, historian general, and.
Rev. Ethelbert D.,. Warfleld..of Pennsyl
vania/, chaplain general. --< ¦'.-¦,,¦ ? »- ¦¦¦> ¦-¦
Alternates— James D. Bailey,, George W,
Brook?, Lansing M. Ringwalth, : Irving F.
Moulton, A. D. Shephard, -Chauncey M.
St. John and-W."S. Sturges of San Fran
cisco, , Dr. S. ' H. Wagener of San'. Jose,
George C. Ross of Redwood City and Cap
tain W. R. Smedberg, U. S. A. ; . ' :
Delegates— William J. r Dutton ¦; and
William Mitchell. Bunker of San" Fran
cisco, Giles H. Gray, and; George C. Perr
kins of Oakland, S. C. Mastick, C. C. Up
ham of New York; City, Colonel John P.
Babcock, U. S. A.;and John W. Morro,
Edward Bellow and Norris K. Davis, U.
S.'N. :.¦¦-¦¦ ¦ / - : . ¦¦ ¦ . ; ¦ \.: '¦ : '. '¦ ' '¦
1 The ; following named . members of . the
California Society of the Sons' of -the
American Revolution have been elected
to represent the organization at 'the ses
sion of the. twelfth National Congress to
be held in Washington, D. C, April 30.
Divorces were granted j'esterday to May-
Davidson from Edward H. Davidson for
neglect, Carrie D. Silvay from W. D. SI1
vay for desertion, Edgar M. Eisfelder
from Alice M. Eisfelder for desertion,
Kathryne M. Miller from Robert J. Miller
for cruelty, and Christine Hicklen from
James Henry Hicklen for extreme cruelty,
Nettie. Bluhm from George I. Bluhm for
desertion, and Clara V. Adulph from
Jacob F. Adolph for cruelty.
A pretty little- woman, whose soft dark
eyes wt re filled to overflowing with tears
caused by injured pride, appeared 'n
Judge Troutt's court yesterday and told
of her unhappy life with her husband.
Rafael De Moro, Jr., the scion of a Cas
tillian family connected with the early
history cf this State.
Mrs. De Moro, who is being sued for
dlvcrce by her husband, said she knew
nothing of the suit _until she was sum
moned to appear bef o're Judge Troutt. In
consequence .she was ill -prepared to an
swer her husband's charges. She intends j
contesting the suit, however, and it *s
probable that she will file a cross-com
plaint. •
Mrs. De Moro wept bitter tears yester
day in telling of the treatment accorded
her by her husband's parents, who«se
actions seem to have caused the unhappl
ness in the household. The wife said she
went to Berkeley three weeks ago to
visit her husband's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Rafael De Moro, who occupy a beautiful
home at the corner of RuSsell street and
Telegraph avenue. Their treatment of her
during the early hours of her visit was
extremely courteous, but as night drew
near they changed, however, and before
she retired the coldness they displayed
made her feel miserable.
Kept Her Little Boy.
Mrs. De Moro had her little 14-months
old boy with her. and the grandparents
paid him a great deal of attention. The
next day she was ordered out of the
house, and the grandparents kept her
child.
It was after she had returned to San
Francisco the next day that she heard of
her husband's suit for divorce. She went
to her lawyer, she said, to see what legal
action could be taken to recover her child,
and after leaving- him she was served witty
a summons to appear in Judge Troutt's
court. - _
The husbandywho is the heir of the
De Moro wealth, is employed in a whole
sale house in this city. His father owns
several flats here and has large interests
la Berkeley property.
At the conclusion of the hearing Judge
Troutt awarded the custody of me child
to the defendant and ordered young De
Mcro to pay her $30 per month alimony
pending the hearing of the suit.
A spiritualistic seance was held *n
Judge Graham's court yesterday, in which
Attorney A. B. Treadwell, his client,
Emilie Olschefeki. and the latter's 16- I
year-old daughter took part. Mrs. OLs- 1
chefski is suing Frederick OlschefskI for
divorce on the ground of cruelty. The
trial of the suit developed the fact that
the plaintiff, her daughter and the de
fendant are firm believers In the com
munion of spirits. They are members of :
the "higher circle," witn the exception of ¦
Attorney Treadwell, who said "he did not :
, possess sufficient enlightenment to enable ;
him to "have more than a knowledge of
water spirits."
Communes With the Spirits.
Miss Olschef ski said that, despite her
tender years, she had had three dif
ferent visits from the spirits of her
grandfather and grandmother. OlschefskI,
however, according to his wife, possesses ,
a. good deal of the material as well as
the spiritual in his makeup. His wife
testified that on several occasions he had
threatened to kill her and had frequently
beaten her. Judge Graham, after learn- \
ins that -spiritualism had nothing to do 5
with the divorce proceedings, gTanted the'
divorce on the material grounds.
Minnie Morse is suing Charles V. Morse,
an employe of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, for divorce on the ground «f
desertion. She charges that he deserted
her in January. 1901, ten years after their
marriage in Oakland.
Mary Bernal is suing Augustine Bernal
lor divorce on the ground of infidelitj'i
£he alleges that a few months after their
! marriage iie left her and went to live at
2326 Bush street with a woman whom he
introduced as his wife.'
Edward F. Vicary is suing Beryl V.
Vicary for divorce on the ground of de
sertion. He alleges that his wife left him
in June, 1S9S, one year after their mar
riage.
S. A. Clarke filed a suit for divorce
against Alice G. Ciarse yesterday. He
alleges cruelty, and in his complaint
« barges her with frequently beating him
with her fists and kicking him. They re
side at 1922 Page street.
Only a week ago a box containing the
last, or what is supposed to be the last,
of the old Welburn seals, was returned
to the office of Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch from the deputy In charge of the
internal revenue office in Los Angeles.
The deputy explained in his letter that
the seals had been lying around in a box
in his office for several years, that he had
no. place in which to keep them securely
and he therefore sent them to Mr. Lynch.
David D. Jones, thetChinese and Welsh
interpreter for the United States District
Attorney, questioned the prisoner. closely
and obtained an admission from him, that
he had sent the original certificate to his
cousin to be "fixed," the old photograph
having become very much worn from be
ing carried in the pocket since the, date
of its issuance,, which was April 27. 1*93.
It was issued in Sacramento by H. W.
Byington, Internal Revenue Collector.
Wong stated further that the certificate
with the new photo and seal mark had
been returned to him by his cousin,
whereabouts unknown.
Sent Certificate: to Be Fixed.
Mr. Sherrard had found that the orig
inal photograph which had been attached
to the Ah Kee certificate had been re-r
moved and a new photograph pasted. on.
Then the seal of O. M. Welburn, U. S. In
ternal Revenue Collector, had been useci,
half on the photo and the remainder on
the face of the certificate: The marks, oi
the old seal had been carefully obliterat
ed, ' and a. hot iron had been used to re
move the marks of the embossing. The
substituted photograph was clean and evi
dently had not beei#on the certificate for
more than a few months, the paper \being
white and unsoiled and showing no/signs
of wear, making the contrast between, it
and the certificate itself all the more
glaring.
Original Photograph Removed.
Several months ago Wong, got .into' a
dispute with one of his countrymen . in
Alaska and shot him with a revolver
through both lungs. Wong and his wound
ed victim were taken into custody as soon
as they arrived in this port, Wong on a
charge of an assault to commit murder,
and the wounded man to be detained as a
witness for the Government. After both
men had been kept in jail about three
months, and the Alaskan authorities havr
ing. shown no disposition to . prosecute,
the men were released, the wounded man
being given the certificate of registration
that was found on him. Clerk Sherrard
suspected something wrong with the
Wong certificate, which was in the name
of Ah Kee, and refused to deliver it,
pending . his „ investigation. . Yesterday
Wong called at .the District Attorney's
office and was at once put under arrest.
Through the vigilance ot John 3.. Sher
rard, clerk in the office of the • United
States District Attorney, the' existence in
unauthorized hands of a Government 'seal
for Chinese certificates of .registration
was discovered yesterday. The. discovery
led to the arrest : of Wong Chock, alias
Ah Kee, a highbinder, employed recently
in the Alaskan, salmon canneries. . -.'-'
GROCERY HOUSE
TO CLOSE DOWN
Cline, .when, told of the latest charge
against him, was greatly agitated,' but de
nied any knowledge of the Ingersoll
death. She claimed that Ingersoll was
recently in*' Los Angeles..: \ ¦
Mrs. Ingersoll, when arrested, said she
was ignorant of the charge, but she
faces a serious array .of circumstantial
evidence. She came to Phoenix without
protest and says she believes she will be
able to produce her , husband alive In
court, claiming :to have been, in his com
pany in Wickenburg since .the date of
the finding of .the remains, says he
went from there to Mojave to work»on
Senator Clark's new railroad. • :
• PHOENIX, Ariz.,, . March -25.— Deputy
Sheriff Charles Slankard "of this county
returned from. 'Bisbee^ to-day," haying in
custody Mrs. Jane Ingersoll, ¦ accused of
being a party to the murder of her hus
¦band on; the* desert this side of Agua
Callente Hot Springs several' weeks ago.
Frank Cline, now serving a sentence in
the. County Jail for. misdemeanor, is ac-'
cused of having been the woman's ..ac
complice in the crime. *(.,':> ...
. About three weeks ago the remains of
aman were found on the desert. The
clothing and some pocket, articles were
identitled as having belonged to J. E. In
gersoll, who disappeared- some montTis
ago. Previous to the ¦ finding of the re
mains Frank Cline : left here in company
with Mrs. Ingersoll, taking with him two
"horses belonging to a Flagstaff man
named Jones, which were in his pasture.
The- fleeing lovers were i located in , Tuc
son' and Cline was brought back on the
charge of horse-stealing. This was not
proved,- but' he was sentenced to sixteen
days in jail on a lesser charge.
. Then came the discovery of Ingersoll' s
remains and the supposed Identification at
once threw suspicion i upon Cline .and
Mrs. Ingersoll.' Some , time elapsed be
fore the woman's whereabouts could be
discovered, but she was eventually found
in Bisbee, being employed there as a do
mestic. . .'; " '¦'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
She Will Contest Suit, for
Divorce Brought by
Her -Husband.
Woman an d Lover With
¦ W'hom She Eloped Must .
Face Trial. N
Fublic Reception in Pioneer
Hall Will Be One of'
the Features.
Judge Greene Denies Him a
Writ of Mandate for a
Subpena.
Seal of Internal. Revenue Col
lector Is' in Outside
Hands. • -
Inoculation.
Collegians May Not Continue
; Their Studies v :Without
California Society Elects Del
gates to the National .•
OoDgress.
Grand Lodge, D. of H. t
A./0! U. W., Meets
. • •-•¦*-¦
Next Tuesday. *
Wife of Son of a Noted
Spanish Family Is
Unhappy.
Accepts Invitation to Ad
. dress Sons of Rev-/
• olution.
Twenty-Five Cents Be
tween'the Banker
Sequel , tp the Finding of
a Missing Man's \
Remains! '
President.
University Issues ¦ .' Edict
by Order of the
Fraud in Chinese Regis
tration Unearthed
by Sherrard.'
ILLEGALLY USE
OFFIClftL SIGNET
SAN JOSE TEAM
WILL GIVE DRILL
MRS. L. DE MORO
WEEPS IN COURT
STUDENTS MUST
BE VACCINATED
ROOSEVELT WILL
DELIVER ORATION
COLLINS LOSES
ON TECHNICALITY
MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST WIDOW
THE SAN : FRAXCISCq CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH r 26, 1902.
9
Official
! Name— Count.
Alpers 15,940
Bent •• 16.112
Eggers 15,953
Wilson .. '16,1517
Coghlan '-15,680
Reagan 15,434
AValsh 15,880
Finn 15,595
Loss
to Date.
1415
1302
1454
1259
1154
1188
1180
1104
Present
Standing:.
14.525
14.750 •
14.499
15.258
14,532 '
14,240
14.700
. 14,431
Official
! Name— Count.
Alpers 15,940
Bent •• 16.112
Eggers 15,953
Wilson .. '16,1517
Coghlan '-15,680
Reagan 15,434
AValsh 15,880
Finn 15,595
Loss
to Date.
1415
1302
1454
1259
1154
1188
1180
1104
Present
Standing:.
14.525
14.750 •
14.499
15.258
14,532 '
14,240
14.700
. 14,431
M@lfosIS©e!
is a real substitute for mother's milk ,'.
is a comfort to the mother and babe
POSTUM CEREAL.
THE NEW WOMAN.
Made Over by Quitting Coffee.
Coffee probably wrecks a greater per-
centage of Southerners than Northern
people, fcr Southerners use It more
The work it does is distressing enough
in scree instances; as an Illustration.
Miss Sue W. Fairall, 517 N. 4th St.. Rich-
mond, Va., writes: "I- was a coffee
/drinker for years and for about six years
my health was completely shattered. I
suffered fearfully with headaches, and
nervousness, also palpitation of the heart
and loss of appetite.
"Hy sight gradually began to fall and
finally I lost the sight of one eye alto-
gether. The eye was operated- upon and
the sight partially restored; then I be-
came totally blind in the other eye.
"My doctor used to urge me to give up
coffee, but I was willful and continued to
drink It until finally In a. last case /of se-
vere illness the doctor insisted that I
must give up the coffee, bo I b'egan using
the Postum Food Coffee, and in a month
1 felt like a new creature.
"I steadily gained* In health and
strength. About a month ago I began
using Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food and
the effect has been wonderful. I really
feel like a new woman and have gained
about "ZZ pounds.
"I am quite an elderly lady and before
using . Postum and Grape-Nuts I could
not walk a equnre without exceeding
fatigue; now I walk ten or twelve with-
out feelings it Formerly In reading 1 I
could remember but little, but now my
memory holds fast what I read.
"Several friends who have seen the re-
markable effects of Postum and Grape-
Nut» on me have urged that I give the
to the public for the sake of suffer-
ing humanity, eo, although 1 djslike pub-
licity, you can publish this letter and my
name If you like."
<3rily^Safe Meiiibine for Babies
';--.\ vfCSS^W' ' The • insides of babes-in-arms and little, chil-
y4\) O^Kfew ren are ver^ d e^ cate an(^ tender. Mothers must
not e reclc ' ess * n the use of physics. There is
/v^^^pS&^B > on ly . one gentle, perfect, safe medicine for babies:
§v_-*'j'^ "Cascarets ar» flne for ladles with infants, as they keep both
V^^tI^ -tl mother and child from becoming bilious. I nse them dailr In
TS»Sfc ¦*=*¦ W*Bai> ¦ my Practice."— Dr. A. E. Griffln, Stubblefleld, Tex.
X^k^CS^S. tB^T ' i*" 1 h»T9becomo a flnn believer in th* efficacy of CMeareis.
EyBam y bab y boy li^e» them. "-Urs. LidaCermak, JorseyClty.
'^S^k ¦m'^A impfe />k "1 found Cascarets. in th« caso of
'P*\Y /^ m y baby who is not vary strong, »h«
'¦'.•;. (•'^^ r^((aB'*!^^ l^^^w* i V verybest metllcina 1 ever nsed. They
¦¦.•¦¦\' ;. ¦ . - x *^a^^ ,.|V. 'I -^* "5v;? aoluat what yon roeominend."— Mrs.
¦;:-*¦¦ ¦>jrw ' '¦ I **!""• ' "\^.- ' '' '•' S * «- ch -»» m «"». Stephen* MlUa. N. Y.
" ' : '^^^ i^*X' ' . I f.ia *-~~r"i,~-'^% ?-*"! th^nk Cascarets splendid. They
' mT / xp/JTPv / k <L.flrv^*5Sr nave bonefltsd ma greotly. My baby
j'i.-'V-. Jr%f't (/ v. V-A g^ -S*J^^C wasaffllctedwltheroap.aadCascarati
•' : " /S^f y'Qr Jffri ' -Mr^'Eui'zieglir. Dolta, Ohio.
• . j'Jl V- If n-'dRHa- '^Bk*. ""Mamma has nsed Casearets and re-
X?Vi. %i :¦£%*—*. : u VwA 5t\ jflBL ; ., jSgk -,- '-¦ -• eelred £reat benefit. Sh» thinks they
/« ._*}yj _J ' _^CFj(iiil.P. LQ ' .tr ' re wondnrfal. and »»Te them to our
l*-'%i«Z^^ '^3«gjk bAby bef ore he was three yean old."—
I Jr\/ ¦ 7^*m?<WB^f^F >^^^^ -. Alloa Sewell. 881 Eighth St., S. Boston.
1/7/rJ I J^^_ I "Onrbaby wa» «lck andwe wer« ad-
/7/yJ j^ / > *° tr T CascareU. Ho was en-
• f Y jy yl f 7?6*^J ' ' JSSffl " *' r6 lr cured. We cannot say too muoh
/ tL/7 s I / faStif \ :;.': sfflSrm In prsiss of Cascarets."
/ .(SI/ /fjnZ^"*^***^ -Mrs. Mollla bowman. Metropolis, 111.
jf •_jq£**fi& f "Casearets are indispensable for
X( . ' . S M : jJvBfSBBT3&ijtfTSr- youn« children and alwaji bring be**
I ' . .,mH.<B?wS^*^^S^^!l J JR — Henry Joynl, P. M., Wesley, S. D.
1 ' iWmBBCTr MffJ "Caicarets work easy and withont
\'.i\«\ - r_r£R T&MJQIfiHal P » pa!n * l haT0 stlTen th *? 1 to my bablef
T dj''^ Bgt , Tr^f 0r_» 3/ "CascareU a« wonderfully good fo?
, ', . ¦ ' .- ..•¦'¦ . '¦ • -*. .'*¦ i •• ¦ • ' — Mrs. Wm. F.oon, Catamonnt. K. T.
Mamma takes a CASCARET, baby gets the benefit. Isn't that good sense? The
sweet, v palatable Candy ; Cathartic = Cascaret, eaten by \ the nursing mother, not
only regulates her system and increases her flow of milk, but makes her, mflk
mildly purgative. ' Baby gets the effect diluted and as part of its regular, natural
food; — no violence---no danger— perfectly natural results. - No more sour curds in
baby's stomach, no more wind, colic, restless nights. "
/n?r\ n /* W n4rv Best for the Bowels. 'All druggists, Voc, «3«t 5«:« Naver sola'In bal*.
iCvwCiAJLUAv Genuine Ublet «Umpcd C C C. Guaranteed to cure or youf money
\uL MMf? b>ck « Sample and booklet free. Address
iMJUmimia^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. fijTHE SAK>FRANCiSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; MAKCH 26, 1902.
10
EMPLOYMEJIT WANTED— -FEMALE.
SITUATION ty a plain German:woman with 2
, young girls in a . good religious , family for
; cooking and general hourework; near a school
'only; no others need apply; no mall answered.
: 132 Fourth et., room 0. sacond floor. '¦ •• '
WOMAN : wants i position; general : housework;
I , good cook- and understands care of children ;
no objection , to short distance /In .-. country.
, Call for 3 days 822 Folsom. bet, :4th' and 6th.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by woman
' . of refinement - with 8-year-old son in ; small
family; full . charge'; ' good cook. Box ¦ 4251,
Call offlce. Oakland. . '. ¦ ' " ' ' .-^-
YOUNG woman wishes. light housework;, neat i
and relia<5le; wages reasonable; steady place
. wanted/ • Please call 770 Folsom st. • <
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
'.or month; would care for invalid; good ref-
' erencea. Call before 8 p. m.. 802 Geary st.
WOMAN wants -work by the day. washing.
Ironing, house-cleaning, (1 and carfare. -51o
j Howard st.. room 13. ¦;.. '¦¦"¦• ~-'- , ¦• : '- : i
A YOUNG French pastry cook desires position.
L. N., 605 Hayes "st_. '¦¦''.-. ¦ '¦¦
CAPABLE young woman wishes position as
children's nurse; references. Box 4510, Call.
A GERMAN woman desires a ultuatlon as
housekeeper. Inquire at 5C4 Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; no objec-
tion to- children. - E. H.. 17 Grant ave. .
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; perfect fit guar-
anteed ; terms reasonable. 769 McAllister st
JAPANESE girl wants work as cook and
housework; (5 week. J. K., 465. Jessie st.
/WANT ads and subscriptions token for The
L Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 63!) McAllister st.
WINCHESTER Hous«, 44 Third st. near Mar-
. ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; '(150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaU branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1090
Valencia st. V- t-j. ¦ . - ¦>
¦ EMPLOYaiENT WASTED~»MALE.^
WANTED— Situation by young man of 27; ex-
perienced stenographer and assistant book-
keeper; has knowledge of Spanish and Span-
ish stenography;- flrst-class references. Box
i 4535. Call office. \
ELECTRICAL engineer who Is thoroughly con-
versant In all branches, speaking* English,
Spanish and German fluently, desires posl-
tlon. Box 4311. Call. . ¦ ¦
A . YOUNG man, 20 years, wishes position In
grocery or barroom,; 3 years' experience and
flrst-class references. Box 4527, Call,
YOUNG German wnntH situation as bartender:
can furnish references. WM. JANTZEN,
1033 Polk st. *..-•,¦¦ . -¦• I -
GOOD barber wants a place in some country
town; with board and lodging if desired. Box
4538, Call office. * . . ¦
BY neat German for house and garden work;
city. Box 4314, Call. •
STEADY young man (German) wishes posi-
tion as bartender. 330 Main st
DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced and with good
city' references, wants employment, A. B.,
box 4517, Call offlce. . .-¦-..
ENGINEER with good references wishes a
position. Address WM. HAMILTON, Oak-
land P. O.
WANTED — Situation as engineer or fireman by
•trustworthy man; with references. Box 3738,
Call offlce. ,-¦¦-.,
MAN and wife, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. Address
953 Mission St., room- 2.
YOUNG man would like work of any kind; un-
derstands care of horses. Box 4520, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes a position
as watchman or janitor; security if required.
. 328 Jessie et. ¦-¦ • '.. "-¦¦¦ <
SITUATION wanted by a young man to drive
i a grocery. .wagon; experience and references.
, R. M.. 430A Natoma st. . -
A REALLY flrst-class and complete gardener
-with 25 years' experience of alf the various
' branches of horticulture and art | gardening,
¦ who shows the- best references, wants situ-
. at Ion; private place preferred. Address
LOUIS KNAUF, St. Helena Sanitarium. Cal.
UP-TO-DATE - painter and paper-hanger, sin-
gle, will work by the day, week or month for
hotel, property-owner or estate; has all nec-
-eesary ladders and tools; references as to
ability and integrity. Box 4351, Call offlce.
SITUATION / wanted by young man 24 as
driver; understands care of horses. Box
-4663, Call office.. • . . '¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for CaU advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ' - •
; '.•-''',-' ¦_ ' 'FLATS' TO 'LET.' , - ; , ,
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-i
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park: sun aU day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on Halght-st. ' cars. 47 Portola st,' ; cor-
ner Duboce Park,- first corner * west from
. Stelner and Waller sts. ,
UPPER and lower flats, 30 Mint ave. ; rent
cheap ; sunny. MADISON & BURKE, 30
Montgomery st ¦, : '¦ :''_'¦
A— ELEGA*NT; brand new; 6 rooms, bath, so-
clal haly; 755 to 769 Sixth ave., nr. Fulton.
A— ELEGANT brand-new flat; park view; A
rooms and bath. 1720 Page st.. near Cole.
CASTRO. C38— Elegant modern sunny top flat,
attic. 8 large rooms; bath; nearly new; t.'iO.
FLATS TO LET — Pb'RXISHEU.
UPPER flat, 4 rms, bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat, 2 rms.. (12 50; 1 to 4. 1517^Golden Gate.
j^J^^^JFINANTJIALj^^
PACIFIC Underwriting.*; Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or address main offlce. 607-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plah; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 320 Post
¦ FURNITURE FOll SALE. r >
¦~~~~7^~-~~-- > "~->~'~ l —~~ —•"-•'¦—'¦-"•"¦•"¦¦•"¦¦¦¦>¦¦-
FOU Sale— Furniture and household (roods, bed-
ding. 230 Valley st, bet: ChurchVand San-
chez;. green Mleslon st. car. *' .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. (48 50. with No. T
rango. King Fumlturn Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE for sale; eight-room > flat; top
floor. 475 Fourth Bt.
FURNITURE WANTED. S
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUQH,- r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mliwlon St., pays hlghest<
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304. .
,- . : .^ .. r ',- . r^ r^,, uffjj? p.yy?5iu-. .^iw^
D/& F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
¦ warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — KEMALuI
AT C, It; HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone^Qrant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
Bookkeeper, restaurant. (7 'week: 50 walt-
v resces, city, country and springs. $20-$30;
dinner waitress, GOo meal ;' restaurant walt-
:¦ ress, . $7 week : chambermaids to wait, city
and • country, (20-(25; chambermaid, * 3 days'
.work, (1 day;, cooks, restaurants; (30-(a5j
lroners and mangle hands, (10-(0 60.... ...
., FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
2 German or Scandinavian - working house-
. i keepers, private- families, (25: cooks, house-
* fclrls, : second g-lrlB, nurse . slrls, ¦ $10-$30 .'
C. R. HANSEN &.CO ¦ .104 Geary st.
A— COOK, to cook for 3 people at a resort. (2T».
no wash, see party here at 10:30 a. m., good
opportunity. C ;R HANSEN & CO.,/101
Geary st. (Will move March 31 to 429 Bush
I st.,- opposite California Hotel.) > ". ¦:•¦"':
A — HEAD waitress, $35-$40 and crew of walt-
'resses f or , springs. -, C. ¦ R, : HANSEN & CO.,
; 104 Geary St.. (Will move 1 March 31 to 429
Bush' st, opposite California ~ : Hotel.) -yr .
A— HOTEL | hojisekeeper.' for" springs, f$30-(35."
C./ R. : HANSEN ¦ & CO., 104 Geary St. r.;
4 j WAITRESSES, flrst-class commercial ¦ hotel;
.J(25; fares paid." MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
1 3 ? r> Gearv Bt<
WAITRESS for bakery, (30 month; call early.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. .,- .
MOTHER ¦ and daughter or • 2 sisters ' as cook
- and nurse. $50. MRS.-M. E. DAY &CO.,
,';!35 Geary st. -:c3TgW!KyWft?_K- :^
COOK, short distance country.... ..........(35
Second girl, same place. . . . .". ......... . . .l>25
Frcnchnurse to travel. ................ ..(25
-; 4 cooka ....... ................ ..$35 and (30
•."; French nurseSs, city ........ ......$25 and $30
-.- Waitress and parlor maid.'. . . . .. .$25 and $30
. ..LEON ANDRg. 316 Stockton. st. ,.-¦
A— YOUNG i women " for ¦ labeling in wholesale-
"I wine house; (5 week., W.-D.'EWER & CO.;
¦ 610 Clay st. ,;•»•. s '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2C /Montgomery." rm: 12.
' Second cook; country ¦ hotel, $60; 2 waitresses/
, country hotel,;; $25. ••; \.'--, . - „¦ ; ¦
GIRLS . bet. 15 and : IS to sew • on . buttons and
. ¦; make themselves' generally useful. 060 Mis.
; sion st, third floor. :", . ».
STENOGRAPHER ; to do general offlce . work;
¦ ¦.limited experience sufficient; state salary and
. partleftlars." Box i 4S31 >¦ CaU office, jr • v
FINISHERS wanted on ladles' . tailor-made gar-
.--; ments. - . I. GOLDMAN. ., 1462 " Market St. •
nEI>r -,WA\TEt>— PBMALK— -Cow. "
WANTED— Parlor -maid, $25: hotel; waitress.
(25; cook, second girl, same house, country,
: no washing. (35, (25; 2 nurses; child 4 years
old; .ref erences 825, and infant, (30; ! 4 sec-
ond; girls; (25; French maid. (25;- 6; restau-
rant .waitresses, $7, $8; 8 chambermaids
and assist ' washing, (20; 4 cooks, German
, style K .$25,' (30; housework,' (30; cook, small
- boarding-house,' $25; 40 girls for all kinds of
housework, city and . country, ¦ call early.
.'J.F.' CROSETT, 334 Sutter. St.- .
GIRL for light second wok. Call bet. 10 and
.' 12 o'clock, 2203Buchanan-st ¦ '. . ' .,
WANTED^-By retail dry goods store, compe-
.. tent assistant lady bookkeeper; only those
;' with best of references need apply. Box -4300,
-- 'Call. ' -,; .-.-¦.. -, "¦ . ¦•<"-. - ' -¦ -
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer; experienced,
quick and accurate; give particulars and ref-
erences. Box 7, Newcastle, Cal.
C ' , - ¦ : . - . _ . ;
FROM this date on and until further notice we
• will instruct : inexperienced hands the trade
of making 'overalls free of charge; will be
paid - while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
housework: must come. recommended;, wages
? $25., Call at 228 E. 14th st, Oakland.
WANTED — Sleeve makers and finishers. SOL-
. LEY, 1037 Post st. - —
A HIGH-GRADE position for a cultured
woman. 'Box 4530, Call.. . " • ¦. ¦•.
YOUNG girl to assist in caring for Infant: good
home; $10; references. 3233 Pacific ave. -. •
WOMAN to clean up store mornings. - SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER. 408 Butter st_.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter. Call
¦ at WIESTER & CO.'S, 22 Second st. ¦
A NEAT, willing young, girl to assist with
housework In family of 3. 217 Third ave.
WANTED — A flrst-class waitress fX 304 Mason
st. ; wages (8 a week. ' ..-..•
WANTED — A girl to do light housework; no
washing or cooking. 2002 Pino st."
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
. 461 Jessie st. -.* \ , .-•¦¦• ¦ -
TYPEWRITING taught. (5. full course; short-
hand speed class, (2 mo. 027 Market, r. 305.
WANTED— .I girls to learn halrdresslng, mas-
1 sage, manicure, switch, wig making, in -
wks.: take charge of private customers; as-
sured (50 per mo.; course (5; day, eve. class;
' bring ad; worth (1. College.233 Geary, r. 13-15.
AN experienced watst hand and trimmer: must
also understand tailoring, MADAM LICII-
AU'S Dressmaking Parlors, 458 Geary st.
WOMAN for general housework, 3 In family:
_ heavy washing given out Call bet. 1 and
8 p. m. 1182 Shotwell st, near Twenty-sixth.
GERMAN girl for upstatrs work; plain iron-
Ing, help with older Children; wages (25.
¦1817 California st , '
FIRST-CLASS alteration .hands on skirts and
waist/. ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc., 114
Kesirfiy st. . . ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and cotton
waists; good >ay. ,C50 Mission St., 3rd
. floor. - . 0 .-' - -
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; inexperi-
enced paid while learning. HEYNEMANN
& CO., 0 Hill st. bet. 21st and 22d..
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls: Inex-
perienced paid while learning. HEYNE-
MANN & CO.. 9 Hill st. bet. 21st and 22d.
WANTED — Housekeeper; must have excep-
tionally good references as to moratlty, love
of children and housekeeping. Box 4248, Call.
YOUNG German girl for a' flrst-class confec-
tionery and lunch parlor, in a large country
, town. 819 Turk st - . ¦ t ¦
At PaclflcHairdressingCollege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
ha irdresslng, massage, manicuring, wigs, switch,-
etc. ;course,$5;2 wks;posltion secured; day ;eve.
YOUNG girl to assist • In housework, 2124
. Green st. ; call before 12. .
WANTED — Tailoress; also apprentice, paid
while learning. 504 Eddy "st. •
GIRL for cooking and general housework; ref-
erences. 1927 Geary Et. . ¦
SLEEVE finishers wanted. COX. 1514 Pine St.
WAIST finishers wanted." COX. 1514 Pine St.
GIRL wanted.' to take care of 2 children. 881
' Fulton St. ¦ ¦' • • •-.-_'
FINISHER on coats; good. wages. 2821 Green-
wich St. __ - .
.WANTED — Chambermaid ~ at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery St.^- ¦ ~ -:¦•- •'¦¦'¦'.
OPERATORS on ladles' ties; good pay. ; 656
,650 Mission St., 3rd floor. • -
50 GIRLS to, learn to* sew. ¦-• 656 Mission St.,
3rd floor. : , - - - ' ¦
150 WOMEN - to take waists home to make.
- • 656 Mission St., 3rd ' floor.
HAND sewers and machine sewers wanted at
BUSBY'S. 207 and 209 Sacramento St.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store. 145 Post. st.
FINISHERS on custom pants. SELIG BROS. 1 ,
108 Battery st i
ACTRESS wants ¦ talented young lady, as a:
team to travel for stage. P. S., Call, 106 11th.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
. chine operator. Apply 1200 Geary st. ,
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework;
sleep home. 1719 Larkln st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaU branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1000
Valencia st. ' .
' HELP XV ANTED— MALE.
A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leadlr.g • Employment and Labor- Agents.
634-G36 Clay St.
v Offlce Open 7 a. m.
RAILROAD MEN. .
) RAILROAD MEN.
¦ STATE OF NEVADA. Vi 8 ' '
FREE FARE..8HIP MORN AND NIGHT
, . a . . 500 Teamsters
.-. 150 Rock Men
' ...".. 75 Laborers '.'.'
25 Drltlers
. . . ; 3 Blacksmiths, Camp Work.
AH the above for Nevada.... FREE FARE
..>8HIP DAILY ;.'¦
WAGES $2 to, (3 60 a day
.;... MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith, camp, city... ; .$3 a day
Dlacksmlth, country shop...... (52 and found
a carpenters, country work, Ipng Job.(3 50 day
j 2 tinners. .8 brush hands
3 laborers, fare COc, (00; 5 laborers near city,
(34 and found; 5 laborers, city Job; 3 quarry
men near, city, $2 a day; 3 teamsters, road
'work, country, $.15 and found; stableman,
city job, $35 and found; hostler, city livery,
J60;' hostler, country stable, (30 and found;
muckers, mine, (00; 7M woodehoppers and
tie makers on a 3 years' Job, level ground,
reduced f are, virgtn timber, wages 80o to (2
a cord. ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦;'.' /^.
......... FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC .'.......;
V 2 ranch teamsters, $35 and found; 0 men to
drive - 2-horse team on < fruit farm. (29 and
found; 54 farm hands for different Jobs, (20
to (35 and found; vegetable «Kardener, (30
and found; flower gardener, (30; 24, chore
mien, (15 'to (30 and found; 16 chore ' boys,
(10 to (20 and found; 20 milkers, $30 to (40
and f oun«l. . , ¦ ¦ ¦ . ; ;-
HOTEL BUTCHERS. ETC. . . . .
. Cook, country- hotel, $50 to (65; cook for
saloon, fare COc, (30; 4 second cooks, (10 a
-week; IB other cooks. (35 to (60; cook and
, wife for mine, (45; 5 waiters, (25 to (37 60
.-and found; 'baker, restaurant, city, (40 and
. found; butcher, for, country • shop, $tp .and
:. found: 15 kitchen hands; 0 porters, etc.
MURRAY & READY ...... 634-636 Clay st.
AT W. D.EWER-& CO.'S. ...... .610 Clay. St.
Free- Fare. ... . . .*. .For: Nevada
...........;.. Railroad Work ; ....
• 50 scraper teamsters. ............. .(2 a day
<„- GO. drillers.'.;. :.....:...; .(2 25 ft day
50 - shovelers. ........... » $2 a day
50 slopers..... ..- .......$2 a day
..Ship Every. Day...v.
Coal miner $2 50 to $2 75 a day
*.2 woodchoppcrs, tools and grub advanced
; ;.:. ...$1 40 a*, cordi
'.Experienced wine cellar man (15 a week
. 2 farmers, Sonoma County. .:..*........ . .$25
' Gardener, country * . ; . . ."V . .". .'.'. I ......... . $.15
1 - Farmer and ,wlf o for vineyard ".". '.$40
Handy man with tools/ country hotel... .(?5
2 milkers, , country ...;................:. (30
American -: milker, . Marin County $30
.' . Milker * and chores ....;.....::. .-:.".. . .*. . .(25
v 2 woodchoppers, blue gum..... . .(1 50 a cord
AT THE CAL. EMPLO YM.ENT~AGENCY~
50 Third st. .'near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
X- - . ; r.'. RAILROAD MEN FOR NEVADA .....
. . . ..;...... . ... : NEVADA
• Free Fare. Free Fare
W) teamsters........... .. $2 to $2 25 per day
'20 rockmen ....:.. ...:: V..$2 25 per day
sGang of labM-ers... :...:. $2 to (2 50 per day
t ..;.... .......:.. Ship ;Dal^7. ¦....:.:. .......
....r... ...... LUMBERMEN ..............
Head sawyer, band mill.. .;.... (4 CO per day
~ Head setter. ... . . .'.(55 per month" and board
. ". IJead trimmer. . .". . . (45 per month and . board
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 310 Stockton r street* ¦
. Second butler. $40; broiler. $60; fry cook. (60;
'. potwasher. $30; '.waiter, . $40; butcher. - (10 a
' week; • young * man. for »butcher( shop, ¦ $6 > a
Cweek;' butler^ and iwlfe;" choreman, - resort.
¦'(10 and .found ;i baker for delicacies store.^JO
" a" week;^ gardener •; for! institution, (25 and
. 'found; plain > gardener. s (30./. • •¦ ¦ —
wTN^E^^A^teaa^m^n~wT«r(loF7or~a7plaln
every-day business .j that V will , pay; about^(70
'. per monthT steady place; experience not . re-
¦ aulred;>" "Apply 1016 Market et., room 10. .-
SPIRITUALISM. I
MRS. J. "J. : '-WHITNEY, trans, bus., medium;
: life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, ,$,1;
1 letter. ?2.;--1104 O'Farrell Bt; Ellis car. / '.:-.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materlfhlz-
- ing medium; oplrlts speak face to face; seance
"Tiles., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m. ; COc.i 1084 Busb, gt.
ETH.EL CRINDLE. young materializing vocal
medium ; ¦ seance Wednesday eve. S25 LUis.
Mm. Seal, >pirltual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. ¦ Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1B01 ; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C/J.
Meyer; fittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c-
S . '.CLAIRVOYANTS. ; " ,
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- j
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, uo-
happy or not satisfied in life." or have domestic, ,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-^
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. -Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 20c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. . Tel. Black ,40(30.
A— 50c and $1; PROfTwELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busl-
-nesF, speculation, love and domestic troubles. ;
eettles lovers' quarrels. • reunites separated, i
tells whom you will marry: how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth, i
lock hair, 0 questions. 1007'^ Market, nr. 6th. !
MRS DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor.-Goldfen Gate ave., rooms 25 and
CO: take elevator. • Perfect satisfaction guar-
nnteed by mall; send etamp for pamphlet-
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. .,'- <
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gyp*y, clairvoyant , and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6' p. m. Vfiundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful cjalrvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ludle»50c,
gents (: palm, and clalr. sit. (1 50. 120 Turk.
m"aDAM "CLARITA,
Most wonderful Egyptian .card reader: 1 all
ques. answered satisfactory; read, from 0 p.~
in. to i> p. m. only. Phone Palk 831 702 Post.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clitrvoyant.
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: COc-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. rtAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2fie up. 5 Fourth st '¦
MME.-ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
" read accurately; L. 25c. G. COc. 021% Eddy.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay: 25c and r.Qc. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. JACQUE. trance sittings & palmistry.
$1; card readings. 2&o & BOc. 300 5th st. r. 12..
CARD reading and astrology. 148 Sixth st.,'
room 22? second floor. ¦
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c ; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2B2 Minna st. nr. 4th.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY, nicely furnished 8-room cottage;
'-piano. 1475 Sacramento, near -Hyde street;
cars handy. . <
COTTAGER ; WASTED, j^^.
WANTED— Cottage of 3 or 4 rooms and yard;
Mission; reaFonable. Box 4315. Call, ¦
¦ ~ DEjVTISTS.
A^DR^lVsrHIGGINS, 827 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold flllings, (1 50; other
flllings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $9
up; plates, a full set of teetli that look natr
ural and guaranteed, (5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT Vr'zes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady ¦ attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. '
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. : extractions done pain- !
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st., cor. Mason—
. Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
;gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER- ;
!SON, D- D. S.. proprietor and manager. . r
A X NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot, break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c
plates, (5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Stxth st.
5EE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; flllings. 25c. Dr. Brown,, S4 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary,. nn Larkln — Pain-
- lees ext. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, (3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, . 14 Geary st. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
METER. 46 O'Farrell. Urte Of 0 Turk St.;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist. -
SET of teeth ! without plate. DR. H. G.v
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTKESSES'
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
corset making taught: patterns cut. 1010 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR.\ CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital,- C10 Golden Gate ave.
educational. ~
h^aTd^s^h^oT^o^^le^tTucIl^ngi^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and chop work; •¦ thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRKS 1 Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $501ife acholarHhip guaran-
tees a ' cpmplete ' bus. education; shorthnnd,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, r-enmanshlp,
spelling, Spanirh, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat.', free..
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
8. F.—- Thorough courses icompletn equipment;
all rubjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, on accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THIS .official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the OALLAGHER-
MARRH COLLEGE. Is this advlco worth
following? Life scholarship (50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Ilallet School,
associated with theatrical . agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mlnlngr.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. exptrt accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 11
* "good poxltlons'last week: rapid Courts a spe-
cialty. S. F. DustnoHn College. 1236 Market.
SPANISH.French.ctc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of 'Languages, 320Post;es tab' d 1871;ablest profs..
•VIOLIN, guitar., mandolin banjo taught in
class. (1 month. 1S-10 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
| lessons, COc; piano for practice. ' 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writinc,-
etc.; day or eve. ; (5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught hv mall or personally.
MISS ©. G. BARRETT," 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher.- 100S Mission; instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON* 8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Klght .class, y 424 Pine' st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
: founded, 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLO YBIEJC T OFFICES.' ' . \
A — JAPANESE i reliable ' ho^sTcTsaningr^cooRi
and waiters furnished at ahort uotlce. Geo.
Kliioahita.' 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501:
CHINESE . and Japanese Employment '¦ Office—
: Best help. -411% O'Farrell at; tel. : East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
-sTel. Main 1997.. BRADLEY & CO.,' C40 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp." Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, .reliable help. I'
JAPANESE and ¦ Chinese best help;: cook* and
.: waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel.> Bush 1S8.«
RELIABLE" Japanese-Chinese . Employment Of -
. flee; all kinds help, i 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
JAPANESE : Intelligence Office— Furnish v most
; reliable help. 524 : Bush st. ; telj 510.- - . :
ORPHEUM ' Employment 'Of flee— -Japanese, ; Chl •
nesa help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072;:
KMI'IiOYMEST S WAXTKI>— FEMALB.'
"AN ' experienced -nurse , wishes ¦ engagements • In
surgical ' confinement -or '. chronic \ cases ; * ref er-'
. enco; given. * Call- or J address . Ladles'- Nurse,"
127 ! Seventh, et. . _ , ¦ .- :' ':",-'*¦' I*
COMPETENT girl, speaks • French : and'Ger-
j men, wishes' to do upstairs work and Be wing;
'¦^reference; please sta te, wages. -Box 4529,: Call,-
tJA?f rnAycisco call. f
BUtlNESS OFFICE of Tbe San Francisco ?
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open ¦
tmtll 12 o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Mostgcmery street.
rt-niM- Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes ttrc< t: open until 9:30 p. m.
C29 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
313 Lnrkin.etrcet; open until 9:30 p. m,
1W1 Miscion street; open until 10"p. m."
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Br.til 9 p. m.
XCNJ Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J000 Valencia street; open until 9 p. in.
NortbwcEt comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 0 p. m. . '*/--
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
HGUTIA'C NOTICES. ,
FUNEHAlT NOTICE — California Com- •*¦_
maoidcry No. 1. K. T.. S» Port sit.— Oi- Taff*
nct-rs and members are hereby notified (Cjj
to assemble in the asylum -flfiS DAY "Or
(Wednesday), lurch for irle pur- j
;jotse of conducting the funeral of our deceased
irater. *Slr ALKltED BARiiER. By order !
of tbe Commander.
H. T. GllAVES. Recorder. J
BTARIt KING Lodge. U. D.. F. and A.-- a j
M., Mowrj'fi Hall, wilt meet THIS M f
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 ;
o'clock. Third Degree. By order of / 1
the W. M. V A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
MOUNT iiOlUAU Lodge No. 44, F. and I~™
A. M.— Called meetinc THIS (WED- • JL
NESDA1') EVENING, at 7 :M o'clock. %f V
Third Decree. rv»
¦ THEO. FROLICII. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. o
M.— 1>. 3d THIS EVENING. March _i>\_
26. et T:ir. o'clock. IJy order of the >_3c
W. M. II. FORTltlEDE. Sec /V^
MIBSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M. _.
— Called 1 meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:;5<> o'clock. %_«
Tblrd Decrr-e. R> E. ALLAN, Sec '1r*
KING SOLOMOX'S Lodge No. 200. F. »
and A. M.. 1S.13 Fillmore et. — Second _#*_
degree THIS tWEDNESJDAY) EVEN- JLj?
• ING at 7:;J0, o'clock. ' V »
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
5ToRTE~~Lodge No. 2Kt. I. O. O.
P.— Election of rri>rei«ent8tive!i Sv^HVy^
to the Grand Lodge THIS
EVENING. March 26. All mem- •^w«~-
bers ere requested to be present Visitors
cordially Invited.
J. M. C. RIDDLE. N. G.
C. BRIND. flee Sec. . j
REV. DR. CARRADINE, the noted holiness J
evancrtlft, will preach in this city from j
March 23 to April 1. twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30, at Metropolitan Hall, Fifth »t., near I
Uarket; on week days at 10 a. m. at Penlel '
Mltflon Hall. 49 Third wt. All are tnvlted. I
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
the ttorkholders of the Western Sucar Re-
f.nlni: Company will be held at the offlce ot
the company. .127 Market st. San Francisco.
Cat., on Monday, tbe SI st flay of March,
1902, st the hour of 13 m.. for the purpo*«
of electing a Heard of Directors to serve for I
the ensuing year, and tbe transaction of such
other buttness as may come before the itAet-
1hk. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1302. at 12 m.
W. H. HANMAM. Secretary.
ENGRORFING.
Resolutions, etc., in fli— t-class manner. J. W.
GniFFITH. Heald'm Bug. College. 24 Post.
AGE£CVWANT>D- A
IMPORTANT
TO MERCHANTS.
An energetic American business man, having
extensive experience in the Orient and Spaii-
lsh countries, knowing Spanish language and
buFinesK methods, is going to Manila to es-
tablish a commission-house; would accept
agency there of flrst-class business house,
manufacturing or commercial, or of a line
•of goods. Address box 3737, Call.
yTcESTS WAXTED. ~
AGENTS wanted — No experience required; any
Intelligent lady or gentleman can raa'.:t from I
fO to $12 per day working for us; business
pleasant and honcrable; good territory for
hufUei-E; lawyers, ministers or teachers who
need additional income wanted all over the
Bute. WELLS .& SAUNDERS. 630 Market
I WANT men and women to sell what all must
have and will buy Again. THEO., NOEL,
Geologist, San Francisco, Cal. 3
DEBITS open for Industrial insurance agent*;
good field. Apply bcx 54. Stockton. Cal.
•IT ASTROLOGY. _ r .;._ i _.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT~ liAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; a 1 case*; damages, estates, wills, mort-
Kag»»5, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick ;qulet;
no charge without success; established 1« yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE /ree; open every evening; low fees;
Bfi c*ro£ . J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. f>27 Mar-
l:qt st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
lUClCLES For Sale or Exehaage.
ALLEN is celling Eureka bicycles- fast; swell-
est thing out; agency. Columbla,Monarch,oth- !
crs; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkfo st.
UlltHS. DOGS. ETC. w *
WARBLING canaries and alt kinds of eong,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
c&?en globes aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 MarkeC st.betSth&9th.
UOOKS— SEW AXD d_U. v
BOOKS of all kinds bought libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CUAACES.
A— f750; GROCERY and bar oh Ninth St.;
established years; good paying business. CaU
It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearfly st.
A — $500; RESTAURANT onfrhlrd st. cloee to
aCarket: rent $30; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2t»V4 Kearny «t
A— $300; SALOON wltu 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc; rent (25; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R. G. WILKE. 'MM Kearny st.
A— *C0; RESTAURANT and chop house on 8th
st.; murt lie sold to-day: owner has to leave
city at once. Csll R. O. WILKE. 2UVfe Kearny.
$1500— ROAD hcuse with grillroom; choice lo-
cation acroes the bay; rent (50, Including 4
furnished rooms; a flrst-claes paying propo-
sition.* Particulars It G. WILKE, -M\u
Keamy St. ¦ ' ' .
$MX) — 1'AItTNER wanted in • a corner * liquor
•tore on Geary st. ; rent $33; rare chance for
a rood man. Call It. <3. WILKE, 20 >i
Kearny rt.
tCWO— CORNER grocery and bar: kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; rood and responsible man
wilt f.n.1 a rare chance. Call R. C. WILKU,
26 \j Kearny »t.
A— $3C0; IlESTAURANT and chop house; rent
(20; good place; 1 block south of Market et
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny Bt. \
A— <140u; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th ets.; net rent $40; good paying business;
etab. years. R. O. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny.
U— (2500; CHOP and ovgter house, near Chron-
icle; leaee; place clearing above (250 per
month; death in family cause of sale. See
R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A FRUIT ttofe In heart of town; clearing $100
month; a gnap; $250. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — CORNER cigar ttore in heart of tom-n: this
Is a bargain; $200. ROHLFS CO., 11 Third.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $100, Jn a well-
cstablishcd business that will pay him from
(ISO to $200 a month. ( Roh'.fs Co., 41 Third.
A — SALOON on Third «_* close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fliturts; fUXK) etock; good
reason selling; $2750. Kohifs Co., 41 Third.
A— BAKERY and delicatessen In Western Ad-
ditlon; 4 living room*; rent (15; clearing $125
month; bargain; (450. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — PARTNER in boxwood business; well es-
tablished; 4 wagons: 5 horses: 3 men em-
ployed ; barsrain ; $325. Rohlfs Co., 41 1 Third.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of 'any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner In any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. .75 Third st.
Cssh customers waiting; established 1868.
WANTED — Honest, sober. Intellicent. welLed-
ucated gentleman with $300 cash as partner
in profitable office business; must be of good
address; large profits; positively a good prop-
osition to suitable party. 318 Kearny et, r. 1.
A — FINE saloon; pays well and cheap rent;
must sell on account of going East Ad-
dress box 4534. CaU office. _ . „--,
TIMBER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
ed; situated so as to have a home. market;
will pay Btumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dress box 4484.. Call office. •
--XF you have money to invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' » AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st.
fi. F-." know it Call or write for particulars.
SHOULD you wUh to ecli your business or de-
elre to invent see: SPAUL.DING. 018 Market
et. room C7. for quick and profitable results.
A — (125 BUYS $250 cigar ftand; best locat'on;
fine business. Call at 245 Third st
¦
WOULD like to buy or join good man in bu-=i-
mu: tave (2000 to invest Box 4308, Call.
HELP WANTEP-—gIAjLE---Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... 104 Geary st.
. . . WANTED •
600 teamsters for Nevada. ••*"!% a ? ay
500 laborers for Nevada ( 2 a day
ICO rockmen for Nevada, (2 day and increase
20 stonemasons for Nevada. .....Z.:.f* a day
50 masons' helpers for Nevada $2 a day
3 blacksmiths for Nevada .... -(3 a day
. Ship night and morning.^........
Free fare........ Free fare Freeware
100 tunnelmen. .¦; (2, (2 60 and (3 a day
For Chatsworth Park B j? tun ne «
Ship daily ..•-Ijee fare
Will .remove to 429 Bush street . tjetween
Keamy and Grant avenue, opposite California
L Hotel, after March 31. 1902. '_-
C. R. HANSEX & CO.. 10* Gttiry gt.
CHEESEMAKER and wife. (40 and foan^:
blacksmith helper. (1 50 to (2 23 day; black-
smith and shoer, $2 50 to (3 day; coachman,
v (30 to (35 and found; gardener. $ 1 25 day
• and board; 2 coal miners, (2 50 to (2 to day.
vegetable gardener. (30 and f ound ; driver for
¦ milk wagon, (30 and found; 4 milkers, $oU
and found; choreman for ranch, (30 ana
found; farmer, $25 and found; farmer ana
'wife $50 and found; 10 woodchoppers. 80c
to $1 50 cord; 3 car builders: 2 carpenters.
(3 50 day; edgerman. (70; X>^}^L 1° "} n
shop, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C28 Sacramento st; -
NIGHT cook. (50: short order cook. (40; baker.
$40 and board; broiler, $35 to $40; waiter and
bedmaker. $25 and found; dishwashers and
others. " J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st ' - -
A— WAITER for officers' hall, nrst-clas» hotel,
(30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Oehry st.
ENEROETIC young man who is well known
and a hustler to solicit orders for electro
plating works; liberal commission. Address
box 4520. Call. J
WANTED— Young man and young; woman to
assist a short time each day in exchange for
.instruction in bookkeeping or shorthand.
3 S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market jt
YOUNG man. 17 to 20 years old, to learn to
make himself generally useful in mercantile
business. Answer, fully stating - reference,
/experience, age, etc.. box 4530. Call. '
WANTED — Coatmaker, also pants and vest
maker, to go to country, nearby town. Call
DETMER WOOLEN CO.. 043. Market at.
KIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside by
the week. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM,
1103 Market street. '
WANTED — A steady man with (150 as part-
ner In business that will' pay more than good
wages. 36 Geary St., room 1. ~**
WANTED— Offlce boy for architect's office;
. state age and references In own hand wrlt-
lng. Address box 4312. Call.
MAN to collect and solicit life Insurance. Ap-
ply before 0 o'clock. J. HUFF, Callaghan
building. Market and McAllister sts.
EXPERT bookkeeper, temporarily; must b*
familiar with corporation work. Box 4532,
Call. '
2-CHAIBr barber shop for sale, cheap, at W$V 3
. Howard et; the owner is going to leave for
' the Azores Islands. -
A— ONE 2-chalr and bath country barber shop
for sale. Box 4313, Call. .
WANTED— Coatmaker at 620 Kearny St.,
room 1. - * ¦ '
MAN wanted to work in kitchen; call early.
10 Market st. Ferry Cafe.
WANTED — Errand boy. Apply at 532 Com-
merclal st. •
WANTED — Errand boy. 933 Market st, fifth
floor. .
MAN to solicit realty; good commission. 475
Parrott Building. <¦-¦;:
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 220 Fourth st
BOY wanted to drive wagon at 239 Sanches
street; wages, (15.
WAITER, - restaurant 511 Montgomery St.;
(9 per week.
BARBER shop and cigar stand; good location;
cheap. Bpx 4305, Call.
GORDON press feeder wanted. 113 Davis st.
WAITER wanted at 560 Howard st.
GOOD, steady, sober^ blacksmith. 1139 Mls-
- sion st • - - . '
BARBER shop. 2 chairs; East Oakland; good
income. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — A good barber shop porter at 7A
Eddy st. . ¦ - . ¦¦: i, .
WANTED — 2£> porter. $15 and found; dining-
room porter. $15 and found. 321 - Grant ave.
BARBER ¦ wanted ifor ; evening,- Saturday and
Sunday.; 1205 Flllmore st • ' "~
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stockton st
SHOE shop for sale; downtown location; good
prices; must leave city. Box 4540, Call.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale; good loca-
tlon; room in rear; (125. 1712 Howard st.
BARBERS — Shop for sale; snap; good couiitry
town. Box 4542. Call offlce. , .
WANTED— Young man stenographer and type-
writer for UD-country railroad office; must
have had Drevlous experience; give age, ref-
erence, etc. Address box 4315, CaU- S
MASTER Barbers-Regular meeting ' Master
Barbers' Association to-ajsrbt at 102 O'Far-
rell st. at 8.30 o'clock. S. HELLER/Sec.
BARBERS — For sale, good two-chair shop.
c 106 Ellis st. '
PENSION .aty., E. A. Bullis. R. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
TAILOR — Good wages and steady work. '2821
, Greenwich st. -
LUNCH waiter or waitress wanted at once at
2100 Flllmore at.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office..
LADIES' tailors; steady. Address HOENIG,
810 Post st
THREE agents, (10 per week and commission.
820 Sixteenth st., Oakland.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wad* worth. Nev.; wages, $2 per day;
board, (5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO., 000 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
BOSS BARBERS. ATTENTIONt
The Central Linen Supply Company will b«
in operation by April 1; towels and hair-
cloths supplied or laundered. For terms and
particulars phone Mission 106; laundry and
offlco Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corse, U.
- 8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet i
inch; able to speak and read English. For
¦ further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st, Eon Francisco. • *
MEN to learn barber trader barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
. LEGE. 635 Clay st ¦.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 larfe
rooms: 25c per night: (1 to (2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; .eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed:
catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; (17 week: steady place: no ex-
' perlence necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st
WANTED — Man who understands nursery and
.florist business. 500 Haight st.
WANTED — Toung man with $250; tend cash.
restaurant; $60 mo. Brown. 1221 ; Market st.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
¦ the country. Apply REIS3 BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
FOR good reliable men call at 4G7 Tenth St.,
Oakland. : Carpenters; Labor Bureau.
WANTED — 50 . men - to take lodging- in Cam-
( bridge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U.. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. C24 Market
C00 MEN • to buy new and 2d-hand array shoes,
, 50c up; soling 20c up.. 923 Howard- at., nr. oth.
TOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
- mailed. S; F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post Q. A. It
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st :
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 23c
, to 60c. 583 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
/WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c ¦ night: readjne room*:
free 'bus and baggage to and f roTh ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
: subscriptions has been, established at 10JU
; Valencia . sf . .
; # HORSES AND WAGOJTS?
A LOT of - horses for eale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. ;¦ auction sales every .Wednesday
..it 11 a. m. JOHN J., DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for. sale or trad*
well broken carriage, wagon. 'work and driv-
ing - horses i of - all grades, sizes and- style
Eanta Clara Milk Co.. „ 721 -723, Howard st
FOR SALE— Span of bays. 4 and 5 years; full
sisters; also buckboard and harness. • - 22H2
- San Jose ave.. - Alameda.- or 437 Larkln. S. F.
GENTLE 'horse for business ¦ buggy • price $80
• to (100. WITZEL & BAKER, 314 Battery at
HORSES ASP WACOSS— Continacq.
SANTA ItOSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies bought <tnd fr.'d. sew stock always
on band. 14W Market !»;.. corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogue* by applying in
M. £. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate avg.
A NEWBY top wagon, suit bakery, laundry or
butcher. Call 319 Third at., in paint shop.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harnegs.wotk.drtvlng horsea. lSth&Valcncla
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
, etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st!
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
PARTNER; half interest Hvery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
_ HOUSES TO LET. ~
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
¦ J A NEW 90- room house to lease; marine view;
sunny corner. Particulars at room 13. 918
i . Market st.
A NICE new family hotel to lease; best part
of city; sunny side of street. Particulars 018
Market St., room 18.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXISHEP.
NICE furnished house in Western Addition. 8
rooms, for the summer to desirable tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., real estata
agents, 630 Market st.
HOUSE:! FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resi-
dence district; Portola st.. off Waller, . bet.
- Pierce and Stelner. QEO. MOORE. g3 Portola.
LOST AND FOCXD.
(150 REWARD — Lost, not stolen, March 10.
diamond brooch; route, from Beaver and
Castro sis. to Fourteenth and Market, Castro
car, transferring to Powell. 1845 Polk st.
LOST on broad gs>uge San Rafael train, Satur-
day. March 22, lady's purse. Return and re-
ceive reward. Address box 4536. Call offlce.
LOST— Bag with gold spectacles. 4 Ford sts
reward. .
LOST — Garnet and gold Rosary beads. Return
to 81S Eddy st.' and recelv* reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the-
names of Charles II. Morrell and Frances
M. Morrell; No. 255-423. Th« finder win
please return to bank. -
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch ca— ».
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1337: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Herts. 706 Bills.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning;: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKR BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows; window t
•hades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mlsslpn: tel. Main 730.
' ¦¦ % ¦
MIS^LI^XEOUS---FOn SALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 198-197 Fremont st.
85 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue- portable
boiler complete (3C0
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 150
40 h. p. Atlas engine 22S
30x8 feet return tubular boiler.......... 150
4Sxl6 return tubular boiler 850
8 h. p. upright boiler 75
10.000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gine!), boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures- big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. (I 73. Popu -
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pins.
FINE suits. (10; dress pants. (2 73. * MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale- for (63. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FOR Sale — Cocker spaniel, male pup. 2 months
old. 718 Folsom st. .
WANTED— To sell 30 yards English inlaid
linoleum.- good as new, at 7A Eddy st. .
ALMOST new Waltz . safe, cost (150. at half
price. 1008 Washington St.. Oakland.
7IRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
sale; party going East. Box 4692. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes;- sttshtly da— taged. halt
price. 863 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
•BOATS. launches, roirboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
NEW home and Domestic sewing ' machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines. All sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. l'» Beale at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THS HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
'. J , ; i.' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
. BIG prlceVp— id for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan •
Offlce. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 484. f
1 WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
sklns; send postal; will caU. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sUes. any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks..41STurk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2831.
" SIONE V TO LOAN.
A^H^R^A?Tl!ilJKPHYTcoi^6O2 ExamlneVodi
(4,500,000 at Lowest Rates .,
......On First and Second Mortgages..... m
'........On Life Interests in Estates. .......
,. Property Being Held in Trust......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY „
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
(300.0CO at 3>A and 6 per cent tn sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property >
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages *
Undivided interest In real estate In probate. «
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before dotng business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3,
ANY proposition.- any amount: 0 par cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
' interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1ft.
1st floor. Chronicle blg^ GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant av«.. near
Geary et. ; phone Red 1603. .
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4<!
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal:
lowest rate : private, confidential. ORMSBT. -
28 Montgomery St., room 7. opp.\Llck House jj
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city;
(1E0.COO on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture- or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. S8 Geary St.. room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THS TOCSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; mone7
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Private party: confidential; lowest rates: pianos
ft furniture; no removal. Qartheis, 208 Post.
(10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private;
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, nn. 72. 4th flr.
$3 60 PER month repays $1000 loan: stop pay-
ing rent MURDOCK. 514 Pine st
.ONE per. cent on furniture: $5 a month on eaclj
(1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r.l.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 4y California.
CASH loaned salaried people on nVte without
• indorser. MORRELL. 608 Examiner bids.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $13. up;' no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home 1 will loan you money to
i . buy It. A.-E. RUDELL.. 222 Sanaome st
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 300 Phelaa bid*.
I - WM - S - iyKSS CHAJfCES— Contliined.
' WE have for sale rights tor the States of Cal-
ifornia, Oregon and Washington for the beat
I ¦ locked- wire fencu device ever patented. The
owner ofthe patent Is n practical ranch man
who has 200 miles of barbwire fence in the
. Panhandle, and who is now coin? over the
4 iiuiri- fence rystem of his ranch, putting In
1 the stays with this locked-fence device. The
device has taken like wildfire In the Eastern
fiUUes. The State at Iowa alone sold for
(10,000. We have /Samples of the device at
our orflcc. where it can be seen. The ¦prin-
cipal advantage of this fence device is that
it makes a fence that is almost indestruct-
ible; no power can move the stays when put
on with our patent fastener and patent
wrench. If this deviee were adopted in Call-
1 iomla it certainly would revolutionize fenc-
ing. The fence Is cattle-proof, and by put-
ling in enough etays you can fence against
the smallest animals. The device can be useJ»
on ornamental fences or lor office wire work, j
The wrench and cllpg and • possibly some
model* of the fence can be seen at the City I
1 Wire Works, on ' Main St.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Biescar, the proprietor.
Will be Klad to explain its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., 345
I Byrne bldg^. city. - ¦ ¦ . .'¦. ' ¦. .
I A— SPECIAL; SSOOO clothing, gents' fur. shoe
store invoice; old established; top location;
I»e6t town this State; long lease: would con-
j tilder partnership. Hedges. 4U1 Parrott bldg.
! A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands.. Cigar stands
30 bury, money-making Ftands, $75 to (2000.
I cell .choice, well located etnndb only.
HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg., S25 Market.
A — BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting
(200 monthly: long established; choicest l&ca-
tlon city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGED 461 Parrott bldg. ¦
A — SALOON; located en busy Kearny-st. cor-
ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for sale: can be bought right; will
stand closest investigation. Ask HEDGES,
461 Parrott bldg. .
A— (5000 WILL buy fine paying retail store;
long ectab.; excellent location; near Market;
will invoice > $0000; all clean stock; offered
only account' sickness; chance seldom found:
would be fine • opportunity to start- son right
in Hie; mitfht exchange for city real estate.
Ask HEDGES. 4H1-4Q-2 ParrOtt bldg.
BARBERS, attention- -*300 will buy nice bar-
ber *hop with 4 olr_antly furnished rooms,
kitchen, parlor: fine yard :\ healthy location
ift the olty: rent only $15 month, with lease;
clears $25 per week: present owner 8 years
there; oom« quick: don't miss this oppor-
tunity. P. B..DE LUCA. 31SKcarny, room 1.
i NOTICE to sellers— We have cash buyers for all
I kinds of business that will stand Investiga-
tion. 1*. 8. de Luca & Co.. 31B Keamy, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers— It will pay you to call on
. us before buying eleewhrre. P. S. DE LUCA
|. & CO., 318 Kearny >t.. room 1."
I (C50— PARTNER in an old establiched car-
penter shop to attend cash and collect; owner
is both a mechanic and a contractor; (150 to
(2C0 mo. each guaranteed; positively a bai-
galn to suitable party. • For full particulars
call or addrers P. S. DE LUCCA, 318 Kearny
H-. room 1. \ >
I HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
Stores; 4 paying gen. md^e. ; good towns.
Livery stables: 2 large ones, paying, in city.
Groceries and bars; 5; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
Cigar, itatlonery, notion stores; good ones.
Ealoon; a good-paying 1 one; good location.
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and country real estate.
HEALY & CAKR, U Eddy et.. S. F.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market st.. corner Stockton.
. ' Telephone , Grant 177.
Rial Estate Agent. ".
Property Bought and Sold,
v Rents Collected. i>
Loans Negotiated.
Lesitlmate Business
. 5 Agent.
BARGAIN — (250; branch bakery, notions,
candy, etc.. North Beach: present ¦ owner 6
rears, estab. 12 years; other business cause
of selling: receipts $10 daily; positively no
agentr. Box 4521. Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
" roll of (120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700: good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, Cal. \
ACTIVE cartner wanted In legitimate, profit-
able office business cf long standing; relia-
bility more than money required; call per-
cnnally. 40S California St., room 4.
DELICATESSEN; established several years ;
clearing $200 a month; low rent; owner re-
tiring fronxbusiness; will sell for (1100. Box
4523, CalL ot flee. '
WANTED-^One or two restaurant men with
email capital to take charge of a restaurant i
and bar connected with oyster and tamale
trade. Apply SE. corner 24th and Folsom.-
BAKERY and confectionery;, one bbl per day, I
in good location, western part of city. " Box
' 4533. Call. -' • .•".-• " » ' •¦
FOR rent — Central brick meat market. Apply
to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael.
GROCERY and bar. for sale. Apply 1122 _Har-
rlscn st. '¦
OUTSIDE paper route for sale on this paper.
Box 4307. Call. ,
FOR Sale — Established millinery store; sick-
ness. Box 4306. Call. , ¦
EALOON and property for sale. Call at
CAMPE CO.. 221 Frcnt st. --
FOR sale — (1200; a good general merchandise ,
store. Box 4363, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap: have to sell
to-day; owner leaving. 325 Grant ave."
. FOR sale^ — Enterprise restauranU-^WpiVashing-"
ton st. ' . ¦»
1 SMALL stationery and notion store; nice place.
1034 Market st.
1 LOPUIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF» OUR MANY BARGAINS.
! Any of the following on monthly payments.
". .;...". Money to Loan at 1% per tent.;....
1 8 rooms ; Just listed ; bargain ..........; (050
125 rooms; clears (450; only 7000
30 rooms; clears (150; payments Jt 1500
¦ C rooms; downtown^very good.l 250
30 rooms; flrst-class snap ...: . 2300
0 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only. ..75
21 rooms; Ellis St.: clears (125........ 1000
| 32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade... 3500
20 rooms; clears (75; only 350
30 rooms; clears (108 " 800
i A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 631,
• '._"_• • 000 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
1 RYAN & O'ROURKE.
, < S10 Market— Phone Mint 8G5.
; ' Rooms 31 and 81 A.
. , . . - Rooming-houses, all .sices and prices, in
all parts of city. Big free list. • :-
1 Plenty of money at 1 V4 per cent.
! Five hundred houies for sale.
• Any house on monthly payments.
• DONALD lN^STMENT~COMPANYi
I S.10 Market st— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
ltcliablo dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
i business chances and real estate.
¦ \W furnish vacant houses and ' • K > C~
'. ¦ Loan Money at lowest rates;
Something new every day. y v
New houses to lease. > . >^
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
: ' Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone, Bush 328..
: If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us-, buyers call; we can suit
' you; have bargains in hotel*, lodging-houses.
. flats: all sizes and prices; In all parts ot city.
• A^- r ~ ~ Near The~CaU building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
I . , . MONEY. TO LOAN.
; Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for salo on easy terms. Please call.
• McBRIDE & CO.. 705 Market— Some bargains:
(C50— 15 rooms; Market st. >* .
> . (375 — ID-room ' house, Jackson st.
(200 — 7 rooms; rent (15. %
¦ $3000 — 30 rooms; and 60 more houses.
' Some good bargains. Only honest trade.
' - ." SPECIAL, BARGAIN'S . . ;
1 20 rooms, rent $60, only r.". ..;.'.". $950
29 rooms, rent (60, good furniture .. 1150
" 39 rooms, rent' (83, see this*. T. ........ 2250
. 45 rooms, near Market st ."..... 2500
' WINSJON & WOLF, 1026 Market Bt.
> A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
I and prices, in all parts of the city; set our
; list first. MITCHELL & CO.; 1206 Market.
; KRASKY & CO., 1049A Market St.. room 10—
; Lodging-houses, hotels and fiats ; 5 to 200
rooms; (200 up; see us before you buy.' / .:-,
1 (250 — 32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trade for
. some. ' 765 Market st., room 2. _ ' . .
• A . SWELL: 28 rooms; nice porcelain • sinks;
[ newly papered; downtown. SPECK &.CO.,
- CARrEjr^nEA^
WHEN you become disgusted | with poor work
jwnd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
- Ing WorkB. 353-367 Tehama n. ; tel., South 40/
I Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
" Ing. 1213 Mkt.. bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2012.
I American Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning, 3c;
; renovated.- relaid. 104 14th st.; tel. Capp 3524.
|j ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
. tel. Main 3O4. GEO.'WALCOM & CO.; Prop.
" RUDOLPH & CO.'. carpet-beating works; prices
¦ rp » 8 onable..l703 Harrlson.st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
• 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
. J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlnK Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
t COLLECTION OFFICES.
•' COLUMBIAN Law -and- Collection AgencyTcth
; floor, nio Market st. ;<advlce free*. Tel. Bush
- 104; able body of attorneys.* ' .. .
- GEORGE W. KELLY'S . Agency — No charge
• unless successful. Room 310. 027, Market st/.. Market • Street' Railway.-. Company , (owners)
with Thomas Butler &¦ Son (contractors), archi
tect , H. i H. Lynch— Brick, granite. • carpenter,
mill.* structural steel and Iron. work, 'hard ware.
A. ,. W.'"< Wilson ; (owner) ...with Electrical En
gineerings Company -. (contractors), ; architects
.William ; Mooser &¦ Son— Electric I passenger ele
vator < for building on N" line ¦ of Turk . street.
68:9 .W of Hyde. .«8 by 6S; $2275. . . - ,
— August Schaef er • (owner) • with Charles Schutt
(contractor): architect Matthew • O'Brien — AH
work; except. mantels; gas fixtures.' shades and
tinting for. a three-story . frame building (flatti)
on >. N ¦ line : of ' Fulton ' street; 37:6.E of. Scott
E 25 by; N" 100, Western Addition' block 435;
$0100.. •' •"• ;¦•" -• - - • " « : -
Builders'- Contracts.
• William C.-Atthowo to Sarah J. Atthowe. lot
on >E' line of -York street, 217. N; of Twentieth.
N.25 by-E 100; $10. . i- = :; • .. ¦¦:. .> -.
'Juttus . Wlntzer .' to Cornelius- Kloff, lot 40,
block V, Park Lane Tract No.^2; $10. \
'Christian Hansen to Horace C. Sextan, lot on
SB. line. of Clara street, 252. NE of Fifth. NE
22:11 by.' SE 75; $10. .-,-,-:...:
' 'Horace. C. and 'Annie L. Sexton to Edgar D.
Peixotto, : same; $10.' ; '• : . . - ¦:.-....
'. Thomas^W.-and Emma W. Butcher to Alex
ander.-H. Bally,, lot on. SE -line .of Sherwood
street." 100 'NE of Third, NE CO. "BE 110 SW
20, NW 65.' SW.49rNW 65; $10. . -
i Ann *M. Thompson to Emma, " David ¦ I." and
Martha G. Thompson," undivided Yt of lot on N
line o( California' street, 45:10 E of. Davis. E
45:10 by N 68:0; $5. . , <•-....
-~ John and JulIaD Doelger to Martha J.
Scooffy. lot on SW corner of Pacific and Mason
streets, W 68 by S-22; $10.- • ,- -v
-.Fltel Phillips to- L. H. Sly.>Jot on E line of
Stockton street, 73:0 N ot Sutter, ,N .04 by E
137:6; $10. ' ; .
-.? Henry .Mails : to Italian-American .'Bank, lot
on 8 line of Sacramento street.' 08:9 E of Mont
gomery. E 34i:lVa by S 137:6;|10. - - .
¦John and Mary Auld-to Bernard McShane. lot
on 'N- line of Twenty-second street, 50:3 W of
Eureka. W 26 by N 83: $10. ¦' . ¦ .
John II. and Sarah M.'Kruse to Mathlas O.
Fries; lot on E line of Eureka street, 198:8 N
of Eighteenth, N 24:4 by E 125; $10. «¦ :^ ;.
j. Moses and Bertha Fisher 'to Robert Strahle
lot on E line of Sanchez' street, 76:6 N. of
.Valley, N 25. by E 100; $10. _ ;
s Thomas Hooker to . James Condon, lot on . S
line of.; Twenty-seventh street, 221:6 W of
Church. W 47 by 8 105; $5. . - , V
San Francisco Savings Union to Emll Plncus
lot on W line of Valencia street, 160 S oi
Twenty-third, S 40 b'y-W 85;' $10. '
: Jerome A. Anderson to Leon la Anderson, lot
on Sllne of Twentieth "street. 55 E of Dolores
E 75 by S 114, W 25, N 12, W 50, N 102; gift!
Estate of Ellen; Griffin (by : Kate Ik- O'Con
nor,^ executrix) ' to - Lizzie B. . Griffin, lot . on N
line of Hill street. 00 W of Valencia. W 16:8 by
N 114: ?2500.- . .'
B S. L. and Rebecca Mageeto Louisa A. MIs
ner (wife of Frank L.). lot on E line of Julian
avenue, " 15" :6 N- of, Fifteenth, N 28 :8 by E
94 (reverting to heirs of second ! party) ; gift.
- - Marcus and Jennie Sheftel to J. Frank Wal
ters, lot on N line of Page street. 231:3 W of
Aahbury. W. 25 by N 137 :6; $10. - - .
: William -P. and- Ella' T. Chalmers to ?. >D.
Spreckels,' lot on- N line of. Page street, 00:3
W of Central ; avenue (Lott street), W 21 by
N ftl:6; $10. . , •
- Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Joseph
Seeley, -; lot on E line of Central avenu«-(Lott
street), 80 N . of : Haight street, N 25 ' by E
112:6; $1.U/
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Bralnard L. and Ida
B. Spence, ¦ lot" on W line of Broderlck street.
100 N of Filbert, N 50 by W 108:2; $10. . ]
Peter. S. Van Winkle to Magdalena. Van
"Winkle (wife), lot on E line of Baker street,
50 N of Page, N 25 by E 96:10%; also lot on
N line of Ellis street, 81:1%. E of Octavia, E
27:0 by N .110; gift. . '
.William and Lena Wleger to Emma C. Gunn
(wife of w. j.), lot on E line of Pierce street.
«2 S of Filbert. S 28 by E 82:6; $10. - •¦
Johanna i Marks .(widow) to . Gusty Heskins
(wife of Benjamin), lot on SE corner of Union
and Polk streets, E 75 by.S 50; $10.- • -• i
..Philip Cohen to Minnie Cohen, lot on Sline
of 'Golden Gate avenue, \ 112 ;6 . E of Gough
street, E 25 by S 120: also! undivided one-half
of lot beginning 120 S of Golden Gate avenue
and 137:6 E of Gough street. S 35- by W 27:6;
gift. . ' • . . ¦ .¦ . ' .
- Addle L. Perham . (single) - to John Marchl,
lot on N line of Union street, 137:6 E "of Web
ster, E 34 ;4V4 by N 137:6; $10. '
Hibernia Savings and .Loan Society to Ber
nard Cassou, lot on X line of McAllister street,
137 :6 W of Fillmore, W 40. by, N 137:6: $5500.
TUESDAY. MARCH 25.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association '.to; Sarah
Palmer and Louis Stellar, lot In said cemetery;
$240. . ¦ . . - . >.-^
.George W. Arnettto Mrs. Mary McFaul, lot
on NW line of Preclta avenue, at Intersection
of Preclta Valley lots- 07 and 98. NE'OO, NW 81^
S 98:tt to beginning, subdivision 6, Precita Val
ley lot 97: gift. ,
Estate of Franz Scherf (by 'William A. Heis
ter, administrator) to Anna Raschke, lots 1262,
12&4 and 1266. Gift Map 3; $2600. . ¦-¦¦
MONDAY. MARCH 24.
HEAL ESTATE TBANS ACTIONS.
— n : : — — ... .. . 'r
Common stock. $24 12%@2* 37$$ : preferred.
$62 50062 75; 4 per cent bonds, $SD©90; sub- "
scriptlons," 1102 12%. ,';..• . ; -..;'. ? ) :'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '
" "' TUESDAT. March 25— 2 p.* ni." : ,\^
1 tTNITED STATES B.OXDS. ¦
: Bid. Ask. ...... Bid, Ask.
4s qr coup. . .112 113 4s qr c (new)13»%139%
'4s qr reg....lll 111% 3s qr coup...l00%110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS, -v - y
Ala A W 5s. 76Vj.10.-J Oc SS Co Ba.l00%101H
Bay CPC 8s. 107%, — Ombus C 63. 131 135% '
Cal-st 8s. ...116% — Pac G Im 4s 96 100
C Costa 6s.. — 111% Pk&C H 6s..lO7 " ."• — ' ".'.
Ed LtP 6s.. — • ,' — PkAO R 6s..llT 120 '
Fer&C H Cs.118 — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st. 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 98% —
H C&S 5%s.'— — SF & SJ"VBs.l23 124 ' .
Do'Bs — 99.. Sierra CalCs.105%110
L Ang R 6s.l20T a 12i% S P of A, 6s
LALCodi.- — (1900) ..I.. 113 113^4
Dogtdfls..— — (1010) ....1WH —
Dagtd 6s. — 10«% S P of Cal «s "J
L A &.J». Bs.102 . ,— , (1905)Sr A.109^10t>W
Do lem 6s. 102 — (1905)Sr B.110H110^.
Mkt-st C6I.1MH - (19O8> ....112% — '
Do lem 5s. 119% — (1912) ,... 122ft —
N R of C 6s.lll% — S P of C 1st - • • '^;
Do 6s :123H — " c gntd 6s. 120 — •
K Pac C 6s.l0O9<ill0H Do stmpd.111% '—
N Cal R 6s.H2% — SP Br Cal6s.l40%144
Oak Gas 6s. 112 114 S V Wat 6s. — 111ft
Oak Trn 6s. 123 — Dq 4s 103 • — ¦•
Do 1st cSs.1,12 11.1 Do 4a 3«lm.lO2% — !
Oak W G 6s. — 104 Stkn G£E6s.lO3 104
WATER STOCKS. ' .
Contra Costa 76 78 /Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 60 — /gprlns Val.. 02U V2\i *
» OAS AND ELECTRIC - -
Cent L & P. 2% — fPac Light.!. 43 : —""
Eqt O L Co. 3>4 3% Sao E Q&RS 23 31
Mutual .....— 5 . S F G & E.. 43% 44
OOL4H.. 5«% 67 8FOL Co. 5%
Pac O Imp.. 33 50 iBtktn G & E S —
¦ INSURANCE. . - -V.. .
Flrem's Fnd.260 275 j . '
BANKS. --r,
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 01 L P & A 166 170
California ...422% — Mer Ex (liq) 18% — '
Cal Safe Dp.ll'Vi — S F Natlonl.137% —
First Nationl — —
- SAVINGS BANKS. '
German ....1990 — ' Sav & Loan^ — 100
Humboldt ... — — Security Say. 340
Mutual Sav. .79 — Union Trust. — 2200 •
S F Sav U..515 • . ¦.
* ' ; ' STREET RAILROADS. :
Calif ornl* ..—• 175 Market 100 —
: Geary — — Presidio — 43
POWDER. -. ¦::. -. ¦ ' :
Giant 79 80 Vigotit ..... — .. 4
sugar; '.-v. ¦
Hana ..'....; 8* 3% KHauea .... — — '
Hawaiian ... 84% 40 Makawell ... 23% 2*
Honokaa 10% -11 - Onomea ....23%— .
Hutchlnson . 11% — Paauhau .... — 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160 160% Pac A F"A." 2T4 — '"
Cat Fruit-As.100 101 Pac C- Bone. 163 — • ¦
Cal Wine As. -«- . 100 Par Paint... IS —
Oceanic S.Co 36 40 , ¦:.V. r " 1
) . . Morning Session. :
5 Alaska Packers' Assn, cash 1C0 60 '
75 Alaska Packers* Assn ...\ 160 00
25 California Fruit Cannera* 100 60 -
20 Giant 'Powder Con....:......... 79 ©0
10 Giant Powder Con. ......¦...;... -.79 28
5' Oceanic SS Co...... 36 SO
10O Spring Valley Water, b 10...... 92 25
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s....;. 107 23 J
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. .123 60
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ............160 60 .
15 California Fruit " Canners" ...... .100 SO
$5000 Bay. Counties Power Co 6a 107 25
$SOOO Los Angeles Ry 5s 121 25
$3000 S P of Arizona (1909)... 113 25
$10,000 S P Cal 1st cons 5s. stamped.. Ill 50
- ..; ; . •Afternoon Session. M&W
35 Cal Fruit Canners' ~. ..._.-.. .1C0 60
I 100 Honokaa Co w..._.^. 10 25
. 12R Hutchlnson S P Co...— ......... 11 25 '
CO Onomea Sugar Co. ....... .....^ 23 BO
60 Spring Valley Water, b- 10 92 25 "
80 Spring -Valley Water « :„. »2 25
20 Spring Valley Water - 92 37%1
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s. ....107 25
$5000 Oceanic SS.bonds. ¦ 3. ..........101 00
$5000 Oceanic SS bonds .100 75
S2000 Oceanic SS.bonds. .........100 50 :
$2000 S P of Arizona (1310) . — ... 114 62%1
Street— *
17000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds. .103 50
$5000 N P C R R 5s.... ..109 75
$5000 Oakland Transit. Co 5s. ......... 112 50 \
$3000 8 P of Arizona (1009) 113 25
$22,000 Sacramento E G A Ry 6s..... 96.60 p
$10,000 S P Cal 1st cons 5s. stamped.. Ill 50 .
¦^PRODUCERS' OrL EXCHANain , : J
< Morning Session,
•- Board— . , h >
500 Cala- Standard ?...-..«.— .-«-~, Iff i
275 Cala-Standard .. M . M .., M .. -17 .'
1000 Lion • -.-• 07.1
BOO Monarch of Arliona „..« IT .
300 Occidental of W Va..... ........ .. , 19 -
200 Petroleum Center •.«,>-"OT, •
C000 Petroleum Center, a 30.. .— .....« 07 •
600 Sovereign ¦..... — ... . M « 19
200 Sterling ~- —..« 130
600 Sterling , — .« . 1 32%i
100 Sterling ................ ...~.—i« 135
. - . Street— "-,..'¦ y- . - ". .' ' '
COO Sovereign — — ....~«-— .- — -.~. 1O-,
200 Sterling -..-» 1 33 :
.¦"".' ' Afternoon Session.
' . . ; Board— ". ¦'"••• ' ¦ :>'-)?
7000 Independence M .^« .08 t
1000 Monarch of Arizona, b 60......... 18'
600 Occidental of W Va 10 •
1300 Petroleum Center -, : 07
¦100 Reed- Crude ¦¦ 33
100 Sovereign - ' 25 ' •
100 Sterling, b SO 1 40
150 Sterling. • b 30. ................... 1 45
100 Sterlins, s90 1 «%J
100 Sterling :.......>.. »..» 1 43 •
r.V MINING .STOCKS.
Following were the sales In ? the San Fraa-
Claco Stock and Exchange. Board yesterday:
.--.•.. -¦•:!¦ Mornlne Session.
200 Challenge .... 21 200 Mexican ..... 51
300 Chollar 13 600 Overman...,. .10.
200 Con'C t Va.l *3 200 Savage "...;.. 07
r>00 Gould & Cur. 10 500 Seg Belcher.. * Vi
20O Justice °° 100 Sierra- Nev. .. '2S '
200 Mexican ;.'... B«> 6O0 Tellow Jacket. U» '
• 'Afternoon Session. - / .
100 Con C & Va.l 33; 300 Union- Con... 23
Following were the salts In the Pacific Stock
Excharse yesterday:'.
.,', Mornlnj: Session. ,- "\
"200 Be'st-& Bel..w' 2<J 200 Overman .... 10
hOO Chollar ...... 1» 50C( S»vam ...... 07
100 Con C & Va.l 85 100 Sierra? Nev... 27
• .100 Gould & Cur. 10 100 Sierra Nev... 2-S
700 Mexican .,... 51 200 Union Con... 28
SCO. OpWr ;.._..".. v.l 05 ¦•¦.'¦ •
¦ "."Afternoon Session. -¦ ( - - •
500 Andes ....".;. -«ei 300 Potosl ........ ifl
500 -Best & BeU. 2C 3C0 Potos! ..,....- ~i 1
500 Best- & Bel.. 23 2CO Sierra Nev... % 2«
200 C C &:Va.l 32% 200 Silver Hill... ¦ S3
5C0 Gould t 'Cur. lr 200 Silver Hill... -67
SCO Mexican ..%..• W 1 400 Union Con.;.- 28
lOO.Ophir ...... t 05 ;
; CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. TUESDAY. March 25— I p. m. •
. . Bid.Aak. . - Bid. Ask
Alpha '.:::'.'-•> 02 03 Justice ...... 09 10
Aha-.- • °* M Kentuck .... oi «2
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash. . — 04
Belcher >.¦::.- Of'- 07 Mexican ..... 50 51.
Beet & Bel.. 25 '• 2U Occidental ... OS 00
Bullion .*..... 02 03 Ophir 100 110
Caledonia ... 4!> 60 Overman- ©9 jo
Challenge ... 20 22 Potosl ...... 15 16
Chollar. .:...:¦ W . 14 Savage T.::.. Otf 0/
Confidence ¦'..•¦'$•>¦ i° f corplon ...... — , 04 -
Con Cal & Val 30 1 35 Scg- Belcher.. 02 O't
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 25 It 1
ConN.Y..... 02 — Silver Hill..: 67 39
Crown -Point. 05 06 St Louis .... .06 —
Eureka Con.. 1% — Syndicate qu
Exchequer .» 0t ,: .. 02\ Ui.ion Con.\ .-.".• 27 •• J 29
Gould & Cur: 09 11 Utah,-.- ... ©fl 07
Continued Prom Page. Eight.-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D A Soveregle. L Been
G Soveregle. Carthage
C F. Edwards. Oakland
H C Webb, Chicago
G R Walker. Howards
W M King, NY ¦
A Braman. Cincinnati
G T Austin, Cincinnati
G C Foulkes. fam, I> A
W Blocksom. Ter Haut
E E Peck. Westboro
E Berwandla. S Joss
Cr Schlatter. Kans -,.
E T Dufall, wf, son
South Bend. Ind
Mr* Dodd, - So Bend
O P Gleason. Phila
W Fallen. Pac-Orovs
M Downey, wf, Seattle
W P Cahlll. Boston
J Mulroy, Ingleslde
HOTEL ARBIVAXS.
Mrs. M. L. Stealey (owner) with J. M. Rob
ertson j (contractor), architect same — AH work"
for a ; two-story,, attic and basement frame
residence on E line of Van Ness avenue, 92:8
E of Lombard Btreet. N "30 by E 109: $4150.
J. Habenicht. wife of F. (owner) with Carl
Schutt (contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross ¦
— All work for • alterations and additions ' tcfj
make a two-story and basement frame building
Into three flats on S line of Pine street, 172:6
E of Larkln, E 32:9 by 3 137:6: .'55810. .
Anna Clark Hart (owner) with Kisdon Iron
and Locomotive Works (contractors), architect
Newton J. Tharp— Cast Iron and steel work for
a four-story 2nd basement brick building: on
SW line of Tenth street, 175 SE of Market, SB
40 by SW 140; $1610. . ¦ . ;
-Andrew G. .Forsberg (owner) with V7. O.
Peterson (contractor), architect none — All work
for a three-story and basement frame building
on N line of Waller street. 15ti:3 E of Pierce,
E 25 by N 137 :«: $7S44.
G. Marlnl (owner) with G. Massolettl (con
tractor), architect O'Brien — Mill and
carpenter work.- etc..' for; alterations to livery
stable bulU Ing on , X II ne of Broadway, No.
514: $1700. ...
palntlng.«wlth roof of slate, ¦ for brick power
station on block bounded S by North Point
street, E by Laguna, N by Beach and W. by
Buchanan. Western Addition block" 230;" $128,
900. ¦ \» sWWlwtW»yB»jEK«jBsjBMW*%»asJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH M; 1902.
11
REAL ESTATE-r-CITY— FOR SALES.
¦ S50 Market st., corner Stockton.'
Telephone Grant 177. ' — • • "
Beal Estate Agent.-. - - ¦; . /: ¦
* Property Bought' and Sold.
Rents Collected." • . > ' •"¦
$7,000— Six flats on: Harrison St., between 4th
and'Sth; 25x86; rent $G30 per annum.
$3,800 — New two-story house in the Mission;
good sunny corner, with store. ¦'-¦'¦...
$12.500— Three new flats on Page st.. near A'sb-
¦ . bury; rents ?112 50 per month.-. - '
. JS.500 — Jackson st..- near Baker; three modern
flats; rents 581 50 per month. . '
$20,000 — House and lot nr. Stockton and Sutter.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy i terms — A" very
. good income-producing property .of , 12
. - ¦ flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable,
- chicken yard; lot In rear to build on;
- . rents $3500 per annum. . • .-,
$10,C<K) — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot-27:6x9G; on
Scott st., near Geary; worth $12,000.
$S,000 — New., modem,. 2-story. .*. and basement
house; stable; garden 'fn' front; 'Ellis.*
$2,500 — Harrison and Twenty-sixth sts.; cor-
ner lot. 25x100.
i $350— Corner lot. near Thirty-fourth and
Mission sts. : 70x25." - /. ¦•.-. «
$250 each— Four lots. .25x75, near .Thlrty-
. fourth, and Mission sts.
West Berkeley— Corner lot • on Bancroft way.
and Seventh st. '
$500— 4th St., bet. Channlng and Bancroft
way; sewered: side walR; lot B2xl35. :.
$Q00 — Lots 22 and 23, Raymond tract ; Ban-
' croft v.-ay and Eighth st. ; 100x100.
$600— Lot 22; Mitchell St.. near San Pablo
• / ave.: 50x100. ' N -
East Oakland — On Louis st.. near Prospect; for
sale or exchange for city property. i
Mill Valley — Cottage of four rooms, furnished;
lot 120x300; price $2000..
Campbell, Santa Clara County — Cottage of flve
• . rooms; lot 40x120; price $750.
Shasta County— 640 acres of white oak.
A — $1000 HOME -for $5 50 per month. '
Receiving credit for $5 per month.
A $2000 home for $11 per month. '.' •
Receiving credit for $10 per month. -
A $3000 home for $16 50 per month.
Receiving credit for $15 per month.
. These homes can be bought anywhere, to cost
any amount. 1 • -¦ . ' • v ;
•" Cost of carrying contract to maturity, $2 50
per month, receiving credit for $2. Investigate
PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO..
Room 400, Callaehan building,
1312 Market st..
. - . San Francisco. Cal. ¦ . . . - .1
$2000 CASH, bal. easy payments; 9-room house;'
• sanitary plumbing.. 1711 Broderlck, nr. Bush.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IC pages, in wrapper for mailing: $1 P»»r year.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
14,000 ¦¦ ACRES splendid . Colony . tract, 'j, with
railroad station, Fresno County, only $10 an
acre by bank. WOOSTER, WHITTONr &
MONTGOMERY, C34: Market st* ¦ r. -' ¦¦ ¦ ;
A— Santa Clara Valley — 30S acres by bank; sedi-
ment land; $15,400; easy terms; near station.
Bee WOOSTER. WHITTON &*, MONTGOM-
. ERY, 634 Market st. " r ¦ -.. '
. A — Santa Clara Valley— 10 acres in richest col-
ony in California; only $14 15 monthly If de-
sired; don't let this go by; unprecedented
chance, for frugal salaried people. ' WOOS-
TER, WHITTON &- MONTGOMERY... 634
Market st. ; send for catalogue. ' .. .-'
A-^-Santa Clara Valley— Eighty acres; vineyard;
splendid location; ele'gant soil; good build-
ings; $13,000 to settle estate. See WOOS-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634
Market gt. . • ' : . ' •; • .-
A — 260 acres productive- land, Including promis-
ing, townsite; on Valley road; $40' an acre,
third cash. See WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market St. . '
A — Merced County river bottom land; perfect
Irrigation: corn, alfalfa, potatoes, grain, stock,
on river bank; cash rental, $2600; owned by
bank; good buildings; grand farm; cheap.
See WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ERY. G34 Market st. '.
$40.000 — 12Q-ACRE orange grove. 30 acres bear^
ing: Fresno Co. $C000 — 100 acres fine orange
land, free v.-ater, Fresno Co. $13,000 — 1550
acres Improved stock ranch, exchange Men-
docino Co. $3000 — 10 acres fine garden land,
building, near Haywards. $6000— 120 acres,
,50 acres fruit. Income $1800, nenr Placervllie,
exchange. $2200—6% acres fruit, "house and
barn, exchange, near Vacavtlle. $1000—100
acres level land, timber and water, exchange
Lake Co. $2000 — 0 acres garden land, build-
inK. fenced, exchange. Monterey Co. $10,000
— 2V4 acres, fine building, fruit and grounds.
In San Jose City, exchange. $8700—68 acres
20 acres bearing apples. 25 acres varieties,
fine buildings, near Sonoma Co., income
$2000. exchange. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy
St.. phone James 2771.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Email tracts. $CO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co. : future value assured as
; San Francisco Is growing rapidly; "Ideation'
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 . California st..ffor
pamphlets and information.- •- : -.;.. ' . .
Santa Clara Valley. San ».Tose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON v&
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market. S. -F.. & ) Ban J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune,
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HBALY A CARR, 6 Eddy sp \
CH V E , AF E ! ST and b<*t »n America— The Weekly*
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address .in the
¦United States or Canada one. year for $1.-
[REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGB.
FOR sale or exchange— Beautiful home in San
Jose; convenient In every respect; reasonable-
no agents. Particulars box 4323. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2400' WILL build new modern cottaKe^of""5'
I rooms; Santa Clara ave., near Sherman st •'
lot 37 :Cxl20. J. H. YOUNG, ' Builder 1243
• Park st. . . r.
'BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
• ' N - ¦ - ¦ ...
; HERKELEY - RRAL ESTATE.
NEW 0-rocm cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
tewered; corner lot, 40x100; Golden Gate.
$1700— $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage., bath; street work- done: city water-
t-ewered; lot 50x130; Asbby ave., near Berkeley
train. ¦ ~. .
S1760— $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacino
Home Building Company, 33 Nevada- blocic
Ean Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath:' hich base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 814 Pint.
Mill Valley Advertisements;
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATK;
S^HnWBER^fip^
Mill Valley. Cal.— Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or. year; lm-
proved and unimproved property for sale.'-"
oaHj), advertisements.
OFFlCE-1'3118 BROADWAY;:
1 -. . OA i l '5T ¦^- gn BEAL ESTATE..'
GEORGE "W; AUSTIN, ¦ ' ' """"v-""
'.> f : •- *C0 TENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
?1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain sink. ' etc. ; newly paint-
ed and "papered; sunny side ; street work and
walks • complete ; - hear cars and school ; • terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert st., near' Twenty-sixth;
go and see it'.-crWner will be there.
$2350— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; bath -"high
basement: bay-window; brick foundation' etc •
all in fine condition; lot 60x125 feet, with' stone
walks, open lawn. etc. ; on Myrtle ' st ; close
in; location very desirable. ¦
'. $3750— Owner away; a genuine snap; a per-
fect 'little gem of a home; 7 rooms;'- porcelain
bath, etc.; lawn, stone walks, etc. -choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do-
could not be built .nicer..
¦ ' GEORGE' XV. AUSTIN.- ¦•.-'"•'
400 Tenth st... Oakland. -
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. . ...'./ .. ' ¦ ' "
• New pretty homes., 5 to 8 rooms ;>«n -mod-
ern; prices. moderate; vacant 40-foot lots- $.500
to $1000: elevated above the street and Includ-
ing street work complete; on:-Merrlmac or
Twenty-eighth sts.. • between -Telegraph , ave
and Grove «t. ; choicest and cheapest property
In Oakland; close In and handy to schools and
churches. Seo W.'T. HARRIS on. the prem-
ises or r ' GEORGE W. AUSTIN "^
-¦: ¦:-.'• -•¦". V-v - :.4U0 Tenth st., Oakland^'
$8.60 MONTHLY— Finely. : equipped : chicken
, ranch.- 2 acres; rich soil; ! plenty good water-
large broodery; 3 ; brooders , and number of
chicken houses; modern incubator; bone -mill
and meat grinder; fencing and garden tools-
'. 475 chickens. 5 ducks, 1 cow; price $500; the
land can bo had at a: bargain; close to steam
and electric' cars, also: model school; see this
at. once; time limited-; -call: or- send for.-clr-
"cular." - X 455 Seventh... St.* .opposite Broadway
station. -Oakland; carriage free. '¦ -;-•• - ' ¦ - : -. - .
OAJCLAXD FURJVISHEpi UQUSE8.
$60—9 ROOMS; 2 or 3 years' lease; adults only;
references. '. Call between .10 a. m. . and; 3
p.*m. at 1504 Franklin St.. Oakland. r,.-- •¦¦ ¦¦
OAKLAjrP FURNITURE ; FOR SALK.
FURNITURE good and cheap .this mciuhT^H?
BCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
.BELL (The).r 177^Market— Sunny : suited with'
grate. -gas and kitchen, $20; telephone. ,
FIFTH. - 853— Furnished *' housekeeping . 3 con-
necting ..rooms. $12; 2, $10; single,. $4 '.up.*; .'-."
FULTON, 671-^2 furnished . rooms '. for ' house-
keeping T separate_entrancejj7iochndren^^2.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200-^-Sunny unfurnished*
front • rooms; also ¦ single " room/ furnished.
HOWARD, 10()3— 2 sunny connecting complete-'
,ly tur. front' bay-window rooms; range; $10.
MCALLISTER,. 530—2 nicely furnished: sunny
suites; gas range; phone; bath; laundry; $10
and $14. .':'•- ¦ ...-.¦' .--.¦' - ¦
MINNA, 673, . near Seventh— Large front ! room
and kitchen; yard; sunny;: all complete.; -.
OAK. 117— Changed hands;! renovated and new-
ly furnished; 2-room suites, $12 to $1S; adults.,
O'FARRELL. 1315 — Entire lower floor. 3 rms.,
unfurn.; yard; laundry; $15; phone Scott S53.
POST, 717 — Two large pleasant .rooms : on
ground floor; two beds. • . :¦ ' -..-.. -"
POWELL. 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny, rooms, $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
STOCKTON, 1200—^Single- : housekeeping rooms
to let. $4^ $6,* $10; gas and' stove. ; . y
TAYLOR. 708— Connect, front room and kitch-
en; gas range; run.: water; first floor;-sunny.
TWO: sunny furnished' housekeeping rooms,
with yard: 507'A Leavenworth St.- r
A BRANCH- office for Call advertisements and
, (subscriptions . has been ' established -, at 10»tf
'¦- Valencia ' st. •' ¦ : -. ¦ ' , ¦ -¦¦- -
KOOMS /rOLET— Furn. and Unfurn.
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let;', with' or
. without board; '¦ we save --you walking ( the
streets., Tourist, Renting Bureau?; lO.Montg'y.-
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 Me Alllster-r^New, . elegant.
. 6unny;>.7uc "day upward; -rates by week or
month;. McAllister cars 'to -door; "handsomest
grill room In California, attached.. ., ¦
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny. suites or singles; -day,
week or month; bath. . phone.'.. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old' No. U364)— Fur-
: nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD,: 204 Ellis, • cor, . Mason— Elegantly
- furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS." 321 (Mozart)-^Nlcely furnished rooms,
36c, $1.50 night; $l'5O, $0 wk.; open all night.
FULTON, 881— Elegant furnished front suite o£
. rooms, with bath, modern, improvements. •
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission —
- ' Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges: suit, single, elevat.
HARRISON, 1122B— Large sunny bay" window
"front parlor; folding bed; new 'and modern
* flat; private. .. • ' . .
, LARKIN, fiOlA, cor. Geary — Sunny'front room,
nicely' furnished; light housekeeping; $8.
MARTINET, 110*1 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. C67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. -.
MISSION. 1514, near 11th— Nice room suitable
for one or two persons. $1 60 per week. .
NEW. ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 38c a d>y up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. j 270— Bay-window -.'room, ¦first
floor; sunny rooms, $1 B0, $2 50 week; hpuse-
'• keeping, $10 month. • . ...
O'FARRELL, 324— A sunny suite suitable for
physician's offices or. man and wife.
PINE; 900 — Sunny, corner,', handsomely fur-
njghed rooms for gentlemen in private family."
PINE, 000— Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
suite or single;- in m?w flat; ¦ private family;,
centlemen. • , '..••.
POST; 821, near Leirvenworth— Elegant'. - large
alcove parlor; furnished or unfurnished. ".¦
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent - light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;: week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to ?30; elevator on ground
iloor; rooms with -hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH. .3458. nr. ¦ Valencia— Sunny
front room; 2 single rooms, , Just furnished. ,
6HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
' near 1 Market — Furnished or. unfurnished.
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny front room, with*
..alcove; private family; reas.; phone & bath.'
Vendome,- 1104*Uarket — Chanie«'d -hands;- newly
.: renovated ;.: furn;; suites.- Mrs,.y. W. Miller.
A BRANCH office "for. Call advertisements and"
, , subscriptions has " Been established at ! 1096
t : Valencia -st. : *¦-¦ -'¦ v ':.-•• ¦ ¦.¦..,••.-.
,' . . * ROOMS AND BOARD. ~~~
MEREDITH; 218 Turk— Sunny front- rooms;
electric lights: hot and. cold water;. .modern;
'first-class board; Reasonable; phone South S2i).-
$18 — LARGE front room, for 2, .separate beds;
central; Spanish family;' -table practice;
phone John 2396. 1021 Washington .St.. .--'•¦
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
: family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
JOHNSON,- -The, ; COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
' good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne. 420 j Eddy— High-class hotel;- furn.
¦ suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS, BIO— Handsome . furnished sunny
Fultes, single rooms; first-class table board.
.SPECIAL /NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWIKG MACHISES JAKD - SUPPLIES?
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
¦• lowest rates; phone. Howard 3264. 145 Sixth;
ALL kinds bought, ' sold, rented,' exchanged ; r«-
palrlng; lowest rates.* Tel. Green 144; 205 4th. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and IJiibscrlptlbni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.*
STORAGE - AXO j WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
office Pest and : Powell stsl ; tel.' Main 6713.--
GOLDEN WEST- Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
slon St.; tel.' Howard 041. F.. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel.- Main 184,0; shipping, at cut rates.- -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture -Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore »t. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWHlTIiRS AND SUPPLIES. '
GREAT BARG^N^ltN^TYP^^RiiTERs'-^We
eell better machines for less money than ' any
. .house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 630 California; telephone Main "268.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ; et-tlmate free. 209 Sansome.
MABRI AGE LICENSES. ,.'
The following' marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : . / ¦ ¦•¦ ¦ ¦ .
Sydney St. ..L. • Cavill, 25, 410 Post street,
and Lottie E. Sharp," 25, 3i!. r >i£ Guerrero 1 stree\
William P. Castella, .22," 1427 ij- Dupont
street, and Ida Ranzonl, 20, -513A Union street.
Rov C. Ward, 23,, corner California and Polk
streets, and Gertrude M. ' BUHnse, . 22, - 1012
Clay street. " :. ' ,-¦> :- ' . ' * ' .. 1
"William Ladeur, SO, 32S Clementina street,
and Rcsa Hoeckner,. 38; 328 Clementina Street.
• '. Ira T. Fallon, 28, Fallon.- Nev., and Katie
-Theefen, 27, Fallon, Nev. -.
Charley* A; Rickctt, 35.: Forestville, and Ella
M. Crowley,- 25. Forestville. ¦. . . ¦ ¦
: Clyd-i C. LlKhtner, 30, Marshfield, Or., and
Elizabeth M. Larson,- 30, Marshfield, Or.. ¦ ">
,'¦ Colborne S-" Nellls, -60. * Rus* House and
Margaret A. Roddy.-- 30. 706 Pine street ' ¦ •¦>
'Cor win. D."-* White, '43, Stockton, and' Effle
F. Pcsey," 21, Lodi.-v -,. ¦ ". - - ¦
John B. Warburton.'30,'*142^ Fourth street, 1
and .Clara J: .Doak, 20.; 1428 Jones street."
John C. Rlthnioeller.'2S, 731 Brannan street,
and' Johanne. Hastens, 10, 120 Vleksburg street.
• Azariah Abbott, 28/1305 Twcnfy-thlrd'stree*.
and Lena Giindlach/ 18^' :v30 Iowa street!' :'
¦BIRTHS-^MARBlAGES-llEATHS,;
Birth, marriage and . death notices sent by
mall will riot.be inserted. They must be handed
; in ;»t either of" the. publication offices -and be
Indorsed- with' the' name and' residence. ' of ,per-
Eons authorized to .have ' the. same published. .;. ;
v .',v ' • ¦ '•' borbv' ¦' '.-;: '^\-"v; : ;' ; .;
LAMBERT— In this city, -1 March 25^ -¦1002. . t j
¦.,.t>ic wife'of ."Thomas- A. -Lambert. ¦a'son."»-F v
M^AIMONE— -In this' city, ; March 23^. lD02"ito
' -tHe wife of Charles A. Malmone,-a' Ron.:'..
'"¦::-:..:•/:¦',, MARBIED. ;- " ' ;; '• v . ¦ ."¦ ;.
ELLESEN— 'BRUNKHORST^-In - this , city,
March 10.; 1902, .by the- Rev.. A.H. Brlggs
i. Captain . John-'Ellesen. and Allvlna" Brunk-
I'horst.'.both' of ¦ San Francisco. . •_". ¦¦¦¦
JOHNSON— OLSON— In this city, .March - 15
. 1WG; by the Rev.' Dr.>E.> Nelander- of -, the
FlrstV. English 'Lutheran :v-Church, Otto B. '
Johnson .land. Anna S. Olson, . both ' of *" San
Frcncisco. -. :. ; - "•
LIN DBERa^TMAXWELL^-In. this city, March
- 24, l«02, by the Rev.-.Dr.'E.'; Nelander of -the
; ," First 1 English ; Lutheran Church, Bror ' Anton
f H Llndberc ; and ; Mary Maxwell, t both . of San '
*;- Francisco. ...- v .\" ;;.:; :.¦.•' , \ '. ,,. •-
LOWENTH AL-^-KATZ— March 23, 1002. • by the"
- Rev. -H.v N.' Kchoenfeld; . Marcua Lowentha!
' andGoldlejKatz.-: :.;
MEDICAL.
— DR. O'DONNELL.. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies all who are «lck or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rec;ed; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cap.es taken; the most difficult cases treated;
liave relieved thousands of moet obstinate
oases; free confidential ndvlce on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office &¦ residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WTETH — Reliable ladies' Fpedalist:
»0 years' experience: instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement:
Infants adopted. 410 O'FErrell. near Taylor,
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell et.
LADIES, consult the orlpinal MP.S. DAVIES
at the old ofSce. I22S Market St.: 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Her;*. MX? Market St.. cp. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
epecialist; ¦ private home before and during
connnercer.; : best medical care; low fees.
H1NDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; borne
in confinement. 112C Market Et.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN*, ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
clallst. 1007^4 Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. XC TOY KEE. 210 Stockton et., opposite
Union fquare; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AXD MISIXG.
TACOMA COMPANY (Steel CorporaUon) shares
will ir.ake money for the holder; safest in-
vestment on the coast: properties valuable;
mantgens successful men; free trip to Tex-
nda Island. B. C, end return; ask for pros-
l pectus before price ot shares mow 12 y-c) ad-
f Ycr.iis. .
TACOMA COMPACT shares bought now on
the installment plan will be paid for in time
to participate in the first dividend in Janu-
ary. 1003. Hundreds of wage-earners are
takin K advantage of the present low prices
and liberal terms to acquire a goodly block
o* these shares, i
The Carnegrie fortune was made chiefly In
iron and eteel. The holders of steel and iron
etares are to-day among the most prosperous
pecp!e in the country.
The TACOMA COMPANY (Steel Corporal
tion) is a big iron and steel concern in Wash-
ington with large resources In Iron mines,
coal mines, copper-eold mines, lime quarries,
timber lands, etc.. and will do a general min-
ing and smelting business in addition to man-
ufacturing steel and iron.
Price .of shares is lower now than it will
*ver be again. Send at once for prospectus
and see what is offered.
THE^AMEHICAX GUARANTY AND TRUST
Hayward Building, corner California and
; Montgomery, ets.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR Sale — At a bargain; one-fifth interest In
four valuable placer mining claims; In Casa
tie I'nga River region. For particulars ad-
drf> s A. H. L.. box 4296, Call offlot-.
AICSICAL^IXSTIiUMKXTS.
TO close out a few odd styles of pianos we
have -inarkrd the prices down very low, and
you ean. while thiy last, secure a very great
discount on tome specially good instruments.
Some of them have been sent as sample
pianos. The instruments are all right and
as *ueh fully wen-anted, but as the expense
of reehipment would be quite a sum. the
factory u williug to make this sacrifice. We
have . also the Decker-Wissner and Bati-
m«Mstcr* in all rtyles. Payments if you want.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7t59
Market et.
A — SPECIAL eale and special discounts on 100
standard makes including: 1 Knabe. (98;
1 liayne*. $l'.iO : I Conover. $215; 2 Chicker-
inK. $185: 1 Heine. $230; 4 Stelnway. $1S5.
Rents. $2 up; installments, $3 up. Over 5000
Heine Pianue are In use in San Francisco,
a:, i not one can be had, outside of the com-
pany's warerooms. All the leading musi-
cians use and Indorse the Heine Piano.
Ccaie econ: sale will close on completion of
th<? new Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many Feemlnrly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
•r.d terms upon pianos, please bear in .mind
that we can. net only duplicate them, but can
cfier exceptionally fine pianos and largest
fcssortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Gutter ets., S. F-; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BABGAJN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand tquare planes from $50 up.
Second-har.d ortrans from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
EON. IC to 20 O'F&rrell. Chlckerlng, Masoa
ar.d Hamiin. Vose, Sterling pianos. -
AXT piano sold by u« taken back any time
within 2 .years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price: cofts you only 20c a day to buy a
pUna from us. KOHLER '& CHASE. 30
Q-ffarreU rtr;- wt.-iWii-iied lfiSO. - - - - j
XATDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale j
orJy by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031- Market
et., Ean Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano pleyers.
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything must go: PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for ftorage, $40 up. WIL-
SOX'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
SCHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos;
Letter pianos: Splelmann pianos; Cecillan
perleri piano player; pipe organs. SOS, 310,
Z12 Pott 6t -
6MALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 -up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
rentir.p pianos in city for S3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. _ SCO' Hayes st.
WE effer for one week 12 beautiful piano* at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR jiiancs. the leading: makers; price S1CO up-
ward: values best in the city. PIERCE'3
MA NO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
ELEGANT S.'f.O upright piano; handsome <-as«
and tone; must eell account sickness. Sll
O'FarreJl et.
3 LEADING pianos. Steinwav, Chlckering.
¦Vk-t-ber. ether makes, at FAY'S. -J720 Mission.
[WANTED — Four good " squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post tt."
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Pest st.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice: 2 uprights, nearly
,» new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
fel.-PK.KIOK vioi:ns. zithers, old and new. K. i
Ml'LLKR; maker, repairer. 2 Latham place, j
OIL.
OIL tonka. 2r.d-harcd. in rood crder: all sizes;
<h<ap H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
J rt;Kso\Ai,s.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
i-lTi; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants frt* of charge; other suits on install-
ments. ?1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
rt.. between. Seventh and Eighth, r
1VA?CTEJD — A man posted en Eastern lumber
ar.d shingle business with $25,000 capital to
¦purchase a complete rhingle and finishing
plant en Humboldt Bay. Addrew N. H.
PINE, Eureka. Cal.
WHY cues£? You can be certain of style and
fit by UElnp Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS; Domeetic olflce. 1021 Market, nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third £t.. near Market; 700 rooms;
'J2c to $1 fAl per night; $1 50 to $0 per week;
Tree 'bus and bapgage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do «-ou think? <X BERMAN. 48
IT'lis, makes colored shirts to order; ?l each;
as white shirt*: selection 300 patterns.
ARTISTIC halrdressinK. any style. 25c; eham-
•)oo!ng, *>0c; hair dried in 10 minutes ; mani-
curing, 'lie. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at.
loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
• diamonds pearls and precious clones bought
at XV. J. 'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Et.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single." three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1^12 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal cf moles and superfluous
hfclr; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 17C2 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, roan-
umrinr. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits,- overcoats
ard trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market *t. .
BTPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter et.
A — IF ycur hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell ; isend for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
&. moles, destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.'
Mrs Brigfrs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Mdtquerade costumes at H. Anderson'B. theatri.
cal costumer. 2C O'FarreU; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Qeary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric ncedle.Dr.gLMr>.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONTS MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists. ,
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE FUits. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 50.
MlsSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush aad Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
test corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. i ELDRIDGE & CO.. C3S Market st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
GRAND SPECIAL PROBATE SALE.
Choice Properties of the ;. •- ¦
Estate of JOSEPH M. WOOD (Deceased),
_ r^ By Order of the Executrtces.
TUESDAY , April 1st. 1002
, At Our Salesroom. C38 Market st.,
_i At 12 o'clock noon.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS. .
Nlne.lot« on west line Stelner et.. between
» allejo and Green Ets., and lot "on S. line
Green, 110- feet W. of Stelner; these lots com-
mand a magnificent unobstructed marine view
and Eurrounded by the finest residences in the
city; graded and ready for building; only one
block frcm Union or Fillmore st. cars: street
accepted by the city; larse lots. 27:6x110.
SEVENTH-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
. East line Seventh St.. 120 feet S. of Berry,
being the NE. cor. Seventh and Division sts.;
this property is surrounded on all sides by the
railroad yards and tracks and Is assured of a
big future: lot 63:8x00:SVdxlO2:6x45:10.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
B. line of Broadway. 103:l^i feet E. of
Stelner; elegant lot surrounded on all sides "by
the finest residences In the city; only a few
steps from the Flllmore-st. cars; large lot,
34:4^x127:8%.
SEVENTEENTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
S. line 17th st., 189 feet E. of Church: three
choice lots ready for building: flats erected on
these lots would rent and sell readily; etreet
bitumlnized; lots 25x100 feet each.
S. line of 17th St., 289 feet E. of Church st:
a choice lot: le\el; street bltuminized; 27:<ix
100. mere or less: Eighteenth-st. cars and
Guerrero-Et. cars handy.
DORLAND-ST. LOT. .
N. line Dorland st.. 114.01% feet E. of
Church St.; a fine lot ready for building and
close to Mission High School; lot 24x157:6.
UNION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
S. line Union 195:6 W. of Gough St.; a
choice lot for fiats and store: Union st. is the
business street of this district; . street work
dooe; lot 25x137:6.
, MISSION RESIDENCE. . -
N. lice (364S) 19th 6t.. 245 feet E. of Do-
lores et.; a two-story residence of 6 rooms and
bath in the best part of the Mission warm
belt: Guerrero. .18th or Valencia st. cars; street
bltamlnized; lot 25x100 to rear street.
EIGHTEENTH-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
S. line (Nos. 3619-3021) Eighteenth St., 100
feet W. of Guerrero St.; a fine key lot, close
to the transfer, corner; suitable for store and
flat* in front and flats in rear; if properly Im-
proved would pay big; present Improvements
old: street bltuminized; extra large key lot,
30x213, with L 24x113.
LOMBARD-ST. CORNER.
EW. corn?r Lombard and Buchanan sts.; a
fine corner lot, suitable for store and flats; on
North Side boulevard: lot 30x110.
SANCHEZ-ST. CORNER.
SE. corner (Nos. 449-451-453) Sanchez and
Dorland sts.; Improvements three cottatres of ,
four rooms each: rents $2S8 per annum; a fine.!
corner in a growiner neighborhood; lot 54.03 i
xl04 feet.
VAN NESS AVENUE RESIDENCE LOT. '
Ean side of Van Ness ave., 12.18 feef north
of Greenwich st.; a grand lot on an elevation,
riving a magnificent unobstructed marine view
of the bay. Golden Gate and Marin County
hills: lot 35x204 feet, more or less.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
Northwest corner of Mission and Brook sts...
opporite Cortland ave.; a handsome, eunny
corner, level and ready for building; a fine
site for stores and flats: Mission st. bltumin-
ized; cqraer lot. 40xS. r . feet.
ALSO .
Northeast corner of San Jose ave. and Brook
st., at Junction of Dolores *t. ; a fine, level
lot, on which small flats would pay velfi cor-
.tier, 40x77.
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S. line Green st.. 137:6 feet E. of Stelner: a
splendid site for a home; elevated; marine
view: only half a block from Fillmore-st. cars-
let 32:Cxl37:6 feet. #
SAN BRUNO ROAD LOTS
Lots Nc«. 337. 339. 340. Gift /Map No. 4;
three lots on San Bruno road, a short dis-
tance beyond Cortland ave. ; the electric cars
pa<!8 the property; lots 25x70 feet .each
Subject to confirmation of Probate Court. "
_ EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. OS Market at
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
$75,000— Grand corner on Market" street, near
Franklin: 3 frontages; lot 75x124 feet;
this let is only a short distance from
the proposed passenger' terminus of
the new railroad, and will double In
value In the next few years; would
pay handsomely if Improved with a
modern hotel or apartment house.
522,000— Howard street, near 2d; lot 50x165
feet to rear street; present old im-
provements pay $S50 per annum.
$20,000 — Rents .«24OO per annum; 4 stores with
living rooms in rear. 4 houses of 7
rooms and bath each and 3 flats of 5
rooms and bath on Montgomery ave.,
the Market st. of the North Side; fine
lot. 90 feet frontage on Montgomery
ave." by 137;6 feet to a ina«a street In
rear. The rents of this property can
easily be Increased 15 per? cent.. ". "" '
I $15,500 — Xorthwest corner on Kearny st. ; rents
SISuO per annum; store and 7 flats-
* lot 40 foot front.
$15,000— Three modern 7-8-S rooms and bath
and rear house of 7 rooms and bath
on Pine st. near Hyde-st. cars; pres-
ent low rentals pay $1440. per annum-
- should pay at least J17OO per annum-
"large lot 34:4«<.xl37:6 - feet. ¦.
$9,750 — Saerarr.ento St.. near Hyde; 5 new
modern flats of 7-5 rooms and balh
-each: very dfsirably located arid al-
ways rented at the present low rentals
cf ?I056 per annum; large lot. 34:4«Ax
- • 137:6 feet. - ,
$8,500 — Three modern flats or 6-7-S rooms and
bath; rents $060 per annum: Jackson
St., near Devisadero; lot 25xl2S:8 feet.
|6,500 — Rer.ts ?708 per annum; 4 nice flats of
4-3 rooms and rear cottage of 5 rooms
en Tchama st. ; always rented; lot
35xE0 feet.
f 0,200 — Rents ?720 per. annum; 2 new modern
flats of 7-9 rooms and bath; up to
date in all details; facing Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x137:6.
$5,000 — Sutter st.. war Baker; 2 nice fiats of
6 rooms and bath each; excellent con-
dition; 27:0x110 feet; always rented.
$3,500 — Store and house of 9 rooms and rear
house of 4 rooms: rents ?420 per an-
num; near- 18tli arid Valencia sts.;
lot. 25x80 feet.
$3,500 — Make offer; must be sold this week;
One site for flats; Larruna st.. near
Ha'sht; 2 blocks from Market St.; lot
25x100 feet.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
'_?•¦¦ ¦ :' 638 Market street.
A— "WESTERN ADDITION.
Two fiats and dwelling; cars pass the door;
large lot; 51 feet frontage: present rents $42,
can be increased; $1500 cash, balance monthly
Installments $3'J per month; the rents will-buy^
the property.
An elegant residence on Ashbury Heights;
everything modern and up to date; cars pass
premises; lot 60x106; property in this locality
is rapidly increasing in value.
MISSION RESIDENCE. . ' '
Situated In warm " belt, 9 rooms . and bath,
with large attic. .which could be made Into
three additional rooms or billiard-room at small
expense; house -with every convenience; lot C5x
ICO; must be seen to.be appreciated. ¦
As owner Is compelled to leave city will sell
at prices that will interest you. No agents.
Address Owner, box 4331, Call.
POTRERO house and lot 2.'xl00; cheap; 4
room?; $500 cash, balance to suit. 'Owner,
box 4349. Call, office. - ¦
LARGE . cor. lot. 44x00. 20th and Alabama
Kte. 14 McAllister St.. room-lC. >
PAPERING room walls, SI 50; painting, $1;
whitening, 75c. PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
OFFICES AXD STORES ''fO LET.
STORE to let; good stand; low- ren.t. 1552
Cliurch st., bet.' Duncan and Mission.
La ree store with bnset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
abeve Montcomery: lease. Keys 036 Clay.r.l.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done;
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work: tow rates;. get flpures. S
C. ROMAINE. C4O G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.'
. PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist,
parlors 14^4 and 15.- The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket st.; hours from.. lo-a, m. -to. 9 ¦ p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by-jnall, "$!. , . ' ...-
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD . reads 1 to 4. 700
Poet »t.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 637. < •
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
¦ Taylor f-t.. bet. Geary and Post:tel. Black .">61.
ASP SORCEOXS.;
AN established paying medical - business for
sale at a bargain; a splendid opportunity for
a registered qualified physician to secure a
specialist's practice whloh' is<- clearing over
$5000 a year; name, lease, good will, furni-
ture, fixtures, etc., all go; ..the ¦ fullest op-
•portunlty will be given ;the right party 'for
Investigation; only those who mean business
need apply; satisfactory -reason for selling
given. Box 4511, Call ¦ of flee. . .;:.y
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
¦" no operation; no detention from business; all
- private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tatlon free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield. 0 Turk.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician, and
surgeon, at 1122 Market st.; Hours 10 to 8...
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 »£ Market st., bet. Sixth, and Seventh.
DIED.
¦ ; 'Adyelotte', Mary . ; ¦ Harris,' Emily V. ; . '
Barker. "• 'Alfred '. : .Hendersons .Wm. '-¦ ' •
Bern.' Alexander' .. Kramer. Gustave B.
-Berrong, .Henry '.'' ' Llddicoat; 'Mary"
' Briggs, Edgar \ ' Manning,- Janie : '
Brown. ; William • H."- - PaEe.Frahk H.v.*, -"•
Butzbach,: Edward' ~ '• Poroll, -Charlie'- ¦
, Calvert, Lewis W. " ' Peters, Theresia I.
Candeze, Peter ',.'. . Priest, Frank G. -:
' Casey, Isabel R. . i Richards, Mae J.
. Christensen,- Roy M. . -. Scott. Jamea'C. j
Clark. Bridget' ¦. ; Scully; Kate ? -I
Davis. -Caroline ' ' Smith.. Alice •'•¦."'-
Dodd.' Julia N. ' .- • Soling. Emma
Davis. >Max". '¦ .Strom, Fenton . . ¦*
Douglas.. William H. Sullivan. Frank J. •
, Felvey. Louisa : ',; Wall. -Edward
Gibson. William. F.'.' Welch.- Richard .<
. Harrlgan, James J. .'.-,,. . , . . ' S\
ADTELOTTE— In this" \ c:ty, March i 25. i 1902.
;- Mary Adyelotte. a native of Delaware, aged
. 81 years, -and 7 months. ' '. ¦ ' -
BERRONG— In this -city. March 24. 1002.
¦ Henry Berrong, a native of Georgia, aged 40
1 • years, -j ¦ . ¦ ¦ : \ . , - • ¦' '
BERN— InNthls city, March 24. .1902, : Alexa:i-
- der Bern;- beloved brother of Benjamin'Bern
of Wellington. New Zealand, a - naUvej. of
Montrose.- Scotland, aged 51 years... , - ;'
-¦¦ ICTFriends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully , Invited to attend , the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at ¦ 2 o'clock, .from
the Calif ornia . ..Company,";: 405
Powell street, near Post, where services. will
,be held under -the auspices of Court: Eclipse
' No. 14. F. ¦< of A. Interment • Mount Olivet
Cemetery by train, from Third and Townsend
streets,- leaving at 3:30 p.; m. ' : ¦
BARKER— In Elmhurst, March 24, .1902. 'Al-
fred,, beloved husband of Lucy Barker; a na-
. tlve of England.^ aged. 61 t years and. 10. days.
iCFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral services
•'."-. to-day "••; (Wednesday),: at 1 o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, corner of i Post -and Mont-
' gomery . streets. San • Francisco, \ under the
,: auspices 'Of, California Commandery •. No. .'. 1,
IC. T. • Cremation at. Odd Fellows'; Cemetery.
BRIGGS— In this city, March' 25. 1902, Edgar
. Briggs, ,a native of ;Carleton , Island, New.
York, aged-75 years and 10 months. '. '• ¦
. E7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
•fully Invited to attend the funeral services
; to-morrow (Thursday), at-. 11 o'clock, ¦• at
¦ Simpson Memorial Church; corner Hayes and
Buchanan -streets. Interment private. .'. .
BROWN— In this ' city. March <25, 1902,' -Wil-
liam H.'- Brown, beloved husband.- of Mabel
: Brown. ! and father of William | P. Brown, a
native of. Rhode, Island, .aged 70 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
' ery. avenue.. ,>¦¦¦•' •'¦•V -. ¦ ' .
BUTZBACH-i-In this city, March 25, 1902, Ed-
- ward G. 1 Butzbach, beloved husband of Rose,
and father of . Ida, -Eddie,'. Leah,- Ole, Earl
. and Hone Butzbach, a native of. New Yont.
aged 41-years-3 months and .12 days.' ¦
¦ ¦-. E7" Friends* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday)," at 2' o'clock, .from James, Ha-
. gar.'s undertaking • parlorl, - 445 Valencia
etreet. , Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.,-. r c .
CALVERT— In East Oakland, March 25. 1902.
' Lewis -Warren, huoband of • Mary . R. Calvert, .
.and father of George, Ralph and AfvlnCal-
vert, a, native of Frultvale, Cal. ,» aged 42
¦ years. ' ' . -. ' . ¦ .-¦ • • . . '¦ ¦/ ¦'. ¦ . ¦-
CANDEZE— In this city, March : > 25, 1902.
. Peter, dearly beloved father, of Beatrice Can-
deze, a - native of France, " aged 67 . years 6
months and 7 days. ¦ . ' '
CASEY— Ih .this city, i March 24, 1902, Isabel
R., -youngest daughter of .the late Hugh and
Catherine Casey," a native of Marysville,.
. Cal. (Randolph, Mass., papers please copy.)
• E^T Funeral will take place Wednesday
morning at 11 o'clock from her late resi-
. dence, 1206 Waller street. . Interment private
in Holy . ' Cross Cemetery, j Kindly • omit
¦ flowers. - :.¦¦¦'..¦ •- - ...» '• • .;
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. March 25, 1902.
. Roy Milton, beloved son of Hans and Ed-
wardu Christensen, a native of. San Fran-
¦ cl3co, aged 5 months and 16 days. ¦ ¦
CLARK— In this city, .March 25. 1902. Bridget,'
beloved wife of Thomas Clark, mother of
Mrs. Maggie T. Tesch, Thomas Clark' and the
late ' Joseph J. Clark,- and .'grandmother' of
Adelaide. ¦ Gustav and Walter • Tesch, a na-
tive of ¦ Ballyhannts, .County Mayo, Ireland,
¦'. ajred 7C , years. 1 ". • - - ¦•¦ '•-i-'x; $
DAVIS— In this city. March 25, 1902, Caroline
Davis, beloved wife'of the Into Aaron Davt\
and mother of William - and Raphael Da v I a
anil Mrs. . L. Harris, u native > of Germany,
- aged W years ll-.montha and 7 days. • '¦;..':
ETFrlends > and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow.
' '(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from. her late resi-
dence. *.525A Ivy , avenue, • between Octavia
and Lamina streets. . and thence by 11:30
•. o'clock- train to Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
for Interment. .. - • , .
DODD^-In this city,- March 24. 1902. Julia N.
Dodd. a native of New York, aged 90 years.
! |£7Frlends; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tp-day
(Wednesday), at - •o'clock/, from the parlors
of, Charles H. J. Truman .& .Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between ¦ : Fifteenth and Six-
' teer.th.- .Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by 3:30 train, ..i., . J .
DAVIS— In this 9 city, March 24. • 1002, Max-
¦Davis,' beloved father of Henry H., jMlltoh
: M;,' Flora and Tena. Davis and Mrs. Lottie
'Rothman,,^ and; prother •¦of. Jacob and -Ed-
, ward .-Davis | and; Dora Tomsky, -a' native of
' Exln, Germany, aged 57 years 4 months and
16 days. v : • ¦ . ¦ ¦ .-...-
¦: , ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence,! 2621' California street." ' Interment'
' Hflls of Eternity' Cemetery by 11:30- train
from Third and .Townsend streets, s ' f ; ...
THE ¦'officers ¦ arid members ; of Leland Stanford
| Lodge - No. 3S72. K. of H;, . are respectfully
requested I to I attend . the funeral of our late
brother. Max Davis, from his late residence,
2U21 California etreet.
R. J. SAND, Dictator. ¦
., J. J. BERAN. Reporter. ,
DOUGLAS— In .this. city/March 23, 1902, Wil-
liam Haslett, husband of Ann Renick Doug-
las, father- of Elizabeth., Effle, William H.>
. ani Waltcr.K. Douslas, Mrs. Morris Marcus
- and Mrs. '• George ¦ T. Clark; and brother of
Mary R. Douglas,.. a native of Chllllcothe, .
¦ Ohio, 'aged -74 years 7 months ' and 18 days.'
ItyThe funeral .services will • be held to-
day (Wednesday), at : 10 o'clock, at his
' late residence. 515 Buena" Vista avenue. In-
- terment private... - •. . . . - '" . .
FELVEY— In this city. March~23. 1002, Louisa,
¦ wife qf Joseph J. Felvey, and mother of Bar-
• tholome.w and Jcseph • Felvey, ' and ' daughter
at Jeanette and the late Constant De Barre,
and sister of Mrs. P. ¦ J. Hagan, J. P.
: Crcnan, Mrs. Et C. Prior and - Mathew, -
• Louis and • William cDe Barre. a native o£
! ,'San Francisco," aged -22 years and 15 days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend, the . funeral' to-day
(Wednesday), at. 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
; denctt of her ' mother,;' 355 Harriet -%8treet,"
thence to St. ' Rose's Church, 'where a "¦ ¦ re-
s quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of .her. soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment ' Holy Cress Cemetery, ¦ '• ¦ ¦;¦ ¦••-.
GIBSON— In " this ; city, March > 25. ' '. 1902, Wil-
liam F.- Gibson, beloved husband-of Carolina
' S. .Gibson, son*o£.Mrs. E. C. Gibson and the
• lateRev. .Otis Gibson,, D.D.«; and brother of
« Mrs. G. H. Martin, aged 46 years. .-"J ...
(ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from his late
residtrcc, 912 Dolores street, between Twen-
• ty-sccond and Twenty-third. Please omit
. ' flowers. ' . ¦ -.'¦'. . _ -.
HARRJGAN— In - this city, March-24, 1902
" James J., beloved son of the,' late - Cornelius
and Marv : A. . Harrlgan, and • brother of . M
J.. W. A., G.W.. Dr. J. I. and L. B. Har-
rigan and Mis.- T. F. Flood, a native of Sac- !
ramento, Cal. ',.-'.- . , -.
I (C^The.- funeral *¦ will " take : place '¦ to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
• ' residence, 17VS Hyde stroet, thence to St.'
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn "requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose , of his j
. soul, . commencing, at 10 o'clock; . Interment
"Mount Calvary .vault. / Pleaie omit flowers.'
HARRIS— In this city, March 24, 1002. Emilv
V., beloved wife 'of Frank - E. Harris" and
sister r of -.Gvatavus and ' Alexander, Wai ten-
spiel, "¦¦¦ a -native of Virjrlnla, aged 53 '" vears 3
months and ? 15 . days. ;- ' - r , . ?;.-
'lO'Frlends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully- invited-, to -attend the-.funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock .at the
' parlors of. the. California .Undertaking- Com-
' pany, - 405 . Powell ; street. , near , Post. : ¦ Inter-
ment- private,- Cypress- Lawn - Cemetery, by
" 11 :30 o'clock train '„ from > Third, and Town-
send, streets. , : 4 . -.— _ , ;-, .
HENDERSON— In -this city, March • 24,' 'lOO'
William Henderson, a member of Pacific Tent
• ? No.. 64, K.: O. T. M. and British-American
Union, a' native of England, aged 52 years'
,- (CTFrlehds and acquaintances 'are- respect-
fully invited- to 1 attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 2 o'clock: from the parlors of
the California : Undertaking .Company, .: 405
HENRY J;:CALLACHER COJ
~f ':', ' lEuccessor to* 71annagan ' &' Gallagher.!
.; .. -.V- DANIEL P. ' DONOVAN. Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMliALMERS.
i0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln Bchook
,. .-,*' :- .. .Telephone.- South 80. ¦, - . "T-j
Mt 1 Olivet Giemeteiry,
'. V NKAREST THE CITY. - ' \
Office, 916 Market Street.
¦ . . Telephone - Bush 3C7. ¦ ¦...:"'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
. ¦ Samuel McKoddrn. 18 year* manager 'tor . -
the United Undertakers' Association; M...T. ,
McBrearty. 'with i tha ' same < company for 13 '
years: P. F; Green. "late .with J.C.-O'Con-- ,
. nor. tt ' Co. . v ha va < opened . saw : Funeral - Par- 1
lor* at 1171 Mission f treet,. between Bevoath !
and Elehth. Telephons South 44. ;.";."»'" j
1 iwTted^jnderKkersI
«l i!»7«fid.»9 Fifth St. Tel. South 107 « :
I rUNERAl .DIRECTORS AND EM OALMEHS. i -
' I Finest 3 Equipment : «kt .-Moderate ; Rat es. 1 i
REIVIOVEDIp- j
5 FUNERAL ¦ DIRECTORS and EMBALM'
5ERS."to;224 and 228 McAllister; st. ¦ (For-
merly of 31 Rddy ¦ nt.-^.Ti'l.' South 252.) I
IE7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), afl o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ¦¦-¦¦: ¦ ¦¦¦:,-.., .>.'...-...- :
S7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the " funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 MLs-
Bion street, opposite new Postofflce.' thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services at 10
a. in. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - '
WELCH — In this city.- March 25, 1902. Richard
-" Welch, dearly beloved husband of Alice F.
.Welch, beloved father of Alice. F., Edna E.
and Lottie L. Welch,. and second oldest, son
of Mary. E. Brown and the late . John L.
. Welch, a native -of' San Francisco, aged* S7
. years, i Member of Painters' • Union
No. - 1, San Francisco. . ¦
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from' his late
residence, 273 Dore street, thence : to - St.
Joseph's Church for .-. services. ;. Interment
* Holy Cross Cemetery. • • " ;-¦'•-¦-.•'. ., >.,
WALL— In this city, March 24, l(Jb2. Edward,
beloved husband of Julia E. Wall, and father
of Benjamin. Edward, John, Joseph and
Thomas Wall, Mrs. Mary Towns,- Mrs. • W.
J. Dowllng'and Mrs. G. Vlrden. a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 64 years 5 months and
12 days. . ¦ • ¦ -¦;>. >..-
IT7Fr{ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Thursday), .at 10 o' clock." from her late resi-
dence, thence to St.. James 'Church, Guerrero
and Twenty-third streets, ,for services- at
10:80 o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car. • .. yl" .' -
SOLING— In Oakland. March 25. 1902. Emma
. Soling,' beloved daughter of August and
; Emily Sol Inc. a native of Oakland, aged 2ti
r years 0 months and 18 days. - ... -
BTROM— Ih this city, March 25, 1902. Fenton,
' beloved and only child of John and Jennie
Strom, a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 4
years 2 months and 20 days. :¦
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 25. 1902,
Frank J.. beloved husband of Maud Sullivan,
father of Lily and Francis Sullivan, and
brother of Thomas Sullivan, Mrs. J. Keneally
and Mrs. D. Dowd, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 0 months and 21 days.
[C7Frlends' and acquaintances arerespect-
-• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9: 15. o'clock,' from the par-
¦ lors of McFadden, McBrearty & .Green.' 1171
-Mission street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where. a requiem: high mass wlll.be
.,- celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. - Interment Holy .Cross Cemetery. .
SMITH— In this city, March 24, 1902. « at . the
home : of \ her parents, 1115 Castro street,
Alice.' daughter of James and Mary Smith,
a native of Ohio. ' \
- ' lC7"Friends and acquaintances are "respfect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),. at 12:30 o'clock. • from the resl-
. dence of -his parents. 629 Natoma street, be-
r tween Seventh' and Eighth, thence to Central
M. E. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
• and .Seventh, where services will :- be . held,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawrt Cemetery. . <..•'-...'• .
RICHARDS— In Larkspur. Cal.. " March -22..
1902. Mae J. Richards, a native of San Fran-
-, Cisco,' aged ,25 years 3 months and 13. days."
- C7"Funeral services ,to-day (Wednesday),
' ,at 3 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn Chapel.
SCOTT— In Alameda. March 25. 1902. at 1510
Rento street, James C. Scott, beloved hus-
band, of Maxsrle - Scott, ' and father of Esther
• B. and '- Susan Scott and Mrs. ' J. Robertson,
a, native of Scotland, aged 52 years S months
and ', 24 days,' , . ;> \ i ' . ¦ -
SCULLY— In Keswick, March 24. 1 1902, 1 Katie,
beloved wife'of -James Scully,- and- ulster of
Timothy, Dennis, Daniel and Nellie McCar-
: thy and Mrs. John Sullivan, a native of KH-
namarthra. County Cork, Ireland, aged- 29
years. >¦;-.¦¦.¦, • : ¦ • ¦ . ¦ : •-.-..
CT Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend ' the funeral services
'. to-day, (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at Ameri-
can , Foresters', building. Thirteenth and Clay
streets, Oakland, Cal., under the auspices of
Oakland . Grove. U. A. O. ' D. . '
PRIEST— In this city. March 24. 1902. Frank
¦ G., dearly beloved son of Samuel B. and Hat-
tie N. Priest,' and brother-of Samuel F. and
-Alice Priest, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years 6 months. and 15. days.
(Cyjs'otice „ of . funeral hereafter.
PAGE— In this city, March 25. 1902. Frank H.
. Page, . a native of Rhode Island, aged 60
' . years. -.'.. . ¦¦ •, ¦ - •"* . .-. -
PETERS— In Irvlngton. March IS. 1902, The-
resia Ida Peters, ; beloved daughter of W. C.
and. Theresia Peters, and sister of Flora,
, Harry, Francis and Willie Peters, a native
of • San . Francisco, aged .8 ; years 7 . months
and 12 days. (Fort Wayne Sentinel please
copy.) - . i
POROLI— In St. -Mary's Hospital, San Fran-
' Cisco, March 24, 1902, Charlie Poroll," brother
' of Mrs. Catharlna": Meronesi, a native (of
Switzerland, aged 42 years. . 1 ' .
. Powell- street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by; 5:30 train from Third
and. Tow-nsend- streets. • < .-¦- ¦¦¦"'-. ... .'. '.-.;.-.
KRAMER— In this city. March 25. 1902. Gus-
.' ¦ tave . Bernard Kramer. -¦ dearly ¦ beloved hus-
band of. Philippine Kramer,' a native of Prus-
ela," Germany, aged* 70 years 4 months and 7
days. T ¦. • .
LIDDICOAT— In Stlllwaten . Shasta County.
March; 20. 1002, ' Mary, beloved .wife of John
' -Llddicoat, • and • loving . mother.'of. Mrs. Jen-
nie and ¦ Bessie Hudson and . the late J. J.
Llddicoat,: a native of Cornwall. England,
and formerly of Oakland, aged 67 years. .
MANNING— In this city. March 25, 1002,
• Janie,. beloved wife of James Manning, and
daughter of : Cormick McManus, a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 29 years' 4 months' and
lti days. _•; ... v. ¦ -.••/¦the Rev/ Father J. S. Jones. The proceeds
were 'to -be devoted to- the improvement
' fund of St.: Vincent's Church, . and tho
worthy-object added to the popularity of
, the director,' and- the splendid reputation
of the. participants -justified -the large at
r tendance.- '¦ , ...... .;•;'•¦ - • '
"Miss Kathryn: Barry <in' the, role "of
Thaddeus, - the hero, " wasi'the star of the
j. performance. Miss Edna Walsh as Arlin'e
added a: charming '.personality to a, splen
did voice. May Bird, the Gypsy queen,
; rendered her. part in. an acceptable-man
• ner. -The rest Of the cast was.ln-keeping
with: the work of the principals.-,^ Father
Jones is to be congratulated on the splen
did success he < has attained with the or
i ganization." . : .
. One, of the features of the evening -will
>be the appearance, of Baby Albertina.
Meyerhofer, but 5. years ofage,' and who
' has a remarkably sweet voice. ; She not
j only sings, but she dances several very
¦- pretty dances in a mo3t dainty and ' win
some manner. ; . ' •
Dolly Roche,. in the character of "Dev
ilshoof," chief of the Gypsies, Is also ex
pected to /win her share of the plaudits.
. • During . the ' intermissions of. the opera
a troupe of seventeen boys, none of whom
are over 15 years of age, will sing old
plantation songs in true darky style. The
ST.DOMINIC'S JUNIOR CHORISTERS
READY FOR A TRIUMPH AT ALHAMBRA
Sweet-Voiced Uuyenile Singe
\ : 'Balfe's jBeautiftjl; Opera j"The^Bohemian>Girl' J for Benefit of Dominican
x ; GHiirefi • on (Nigfi^py||ffl|R^||| Plantation Tunes
,. THE ;; : S^,-;FRAyCISpO-;-;rGALL, WEDNESDAY^ MAEGH 26, • 1902.
; The Bank of British North America and
other banking institutions similarly . sit
uated in this city , will benefit largely
from, a decision rendered yesterday by
United ' States Circuit Judge Morrow in
the case of the City and County of San
Francisco vs.' The Bank of British North
America.
The, suit was brought to compel the bank
to pay the taxes on its solvent credit3
for the year 1899-1900. The evidence taken
heretofore .was that the Board of Super
visors, sitting as a Board of Equalization,
added $731,000 : solvent credits, to the as
sessment on the bank, the ta* on which
would be $16,000. Judge Morrow In his de
cision yesterday took the ground that the
Board of Equalization exceeded its powers
in doing so, and that It should have In
structed the Assessor to make the addi
tion, the" duty of the Board of Equaliza
tion being simply to order, corrections of
the assessment roll.
Judge Morrow . ruled also on , another
point that , the law provides that the de
linquent tax list shall be certified to by
the Auditor, and the Tax Collector, which
was not done in this case. The court said
that in all cases in which ¦ the Board of
Equalization added to the assessment roll,
such additions are illegal. This practice,
said the court, was continued up . to the
year 1900. ¦•'.'. ' ..".»
Bank of British North
America Wins Im
portant Case.
Cogswell Will- Contests Dismissed.
¦^dismissal of 'all the contesest of the
will of the -late' Dr.. H.D." Cogswell was
filed yesterday... The. estate will, now be
distributed to the . legatees. ; : • . ¦;'
LARGE TAX SUIT
IS LOST BY CITY
Over Summer Seas to Tahiti.
Among; the passengers from San Fran
cisco to; Tahiti by the next, sailing of the
favorite S.- S. Australia", Saturday next,
March g 29, will be 'Mrs. ' | George W
Fletcher, Mrs. ; George R. Wells and
daughters. . Miss . Marie -Wells : and "Miss
Juanita Wells, Miss ¦ Marie Oge and Mrs.
G. : A; Boyer ! of Detroit. . Thia trip to Ta
hltMs constantly becoming more popular
and attractive;' the line to", those -Islands
inaugurated a year ag© by the Australia
will shortly -be maintained by the Mari
posa. so well and favorably known on the
Honolulu run." '.. -T ; ..
boys are all good singers." The girls have
all established their . reputations as ope
ratic stars and" divas, but the boys have
yet. to.;win their fame. .; It' is needless to
say that they, will take advantage of the
coming opportunity and do their best.
Gentlemen of the commission, what is your
pleasure?. •-' ¦•',
"The New Farragut was llterally.crowd
;d last night, standing room being v at a
)remium during the performance of the
ipera, . 'Bohemian • Girl,' by the- members
if St. Dominic's Choir and Choral Society
if, San Francisco, {under the direction, of
man to \glve us In the • future the benefit of
his • counsel- and knowledge, ana to assure ¦ him
that • if rhe . will . meet -with us : at any . time he
.will ; rccelve a welcome • as broad • as the en
trance - to that ' great harbor to which he has
given, such sincere and heart-felt labor. ' ,
¦ Mr. " President, ( I ' thank . you for this | oppor
tunity , -; to j express : our , appreciation ..- of . .. one
whom we. have always found to be an. able
counselor, an earnestvwbrker. and. who, above
all 'and beyond all. > has been distinguished, by'
an unvarying kindness and courtesy which have
endeared him to. every one, and which will en
shrine, him always In our thoughts.
Kilburn \ Indicates Rising Sun. )
' 'President' Kilburn closed ' the ceremony
with;the. following; words: ;"\. . . .
Gentlemen of ; the Commission : ¦ I ¦¦ most em
phatically, indorse all • that has been -' so -well
and ably said by Commissioner. KIrkpatrick/ '
• '.Mr. i Herold. .. in • your., retirement ; from this
board we lose / a ' most ?¦ pleasant, genial . and
gentlemanly associate and 'the "State- loses a
most energetic,- conscientious and efficient of
ficer, but, sir, since; the-: world began' itihas
been . the ¦ custom : of ' man to -"worship the ris
ing, never the setting sun," so we 'now turn to
Mr..- Mackenzie. : and ¦' to • you sir, . on behalf '.of
this; commission and oh* behalf of ; the host
, of. friends who hold you In such high , esteem, '.I
now , extend ' a -¦ right royal : welcome to : your
seat. with th© Board.of. State Harbor Commis- :
sioners.'- 1 . ¦ ¦•¦¦ '¦' • . _; ..'..' '
•-: It: Is. unnecessary for" me to say more.
il-JL.JliVli.it JL.l'1'l i#Jii AJtUMH .VVliU WILL AFFEAR IN "THE BOHEMIAN
V ; GIRL," TO BE PRODUCEDBY THE JUNIOR r CHOIR : AND" CHORAL
UNION OF- ST.- DOMINIC'S .CHURCH.- •v^- .. ¦ - . -
ARRANGEMENTS have been com-' . '.
pleted for an elaborate ! presenta- ¦ j
tion of Balfe's beautiful -opera,- '
"The Bohemian Girl," af the Al- }
hambra Theater, on the night 'of ;
April 1, by the Junior Choir and. Choral "¦
Union of St. Dominic's Church. The oc- -
casion promises to furnish a *
treat to all admirers of the ¦ operatic Jiar
monies of that great master, Balfe. Tha ',
advance sale of seats has been" progress- ;
ing most favorably and. already, many of :
the best points of vantage have been se- :
cured. ¦.'¦''
. The Choir and Choral Union consists of -..
sixty well-trained juveniles, '. who j have g j
been selected from the young ladies of St.,'
Dominic's Church. ; They. . have beer,
coached and rehearsed . by the ; Rev.
Father J. S. Jones, O. Pi until .they, can
sing the music of the opera .without; a.
break or without the least hesitation. Tho
performance of the precocious | amateurs
would wrest the wreath- from .many-pro
fessional companies. They enter *-. with
deep interest into their rehearsals and im
part some of the. enthusiasm of their
young lives to their work. -
"The Bohemian Girl" was presented'by
the Choir and Choral Union . at ¦ Vallejo
during: last" January. A Vallejo paper has
the following to say. of the#success which
attended their efforts and the. 1 reception,
which- was accorded them: .'¦ . •
being- made, ¦ during •-, this ,. commissioner's
term there have been constructed the car; ferry,
slip on Bryant street.. th« addition .to' Pier No.
28 at Main streetr the widening 1 of Pier No. -5,
at Jackson street, the , reconstruction of • Pier
No 10, the 300- foot extension to Pier. No:? 20
at Steuart street, the building, of/ the great
car ferry slips No. .- 1" and -2, the greafPiera
19, 21. .23 and 25. . with their cylindrical
cement supports, intended ¦ to .defy | the; ravages
of the active teredo; th« reconstruction of .Pier
No. 9, and the 200-foot additions to^Piers Nos:
2. and 3, whlchVnot only give /additional
wharf ¦. room, but • provide ¦ eddy, water for ' the
landing: of the ferry" boats: the. building -of the"
Ferry Postofflce and the 'Fisherman's 'wharf —
when we think of 'all this, In connection with
the many additions' to bulkheads- and- sheds,
which I cannot I now.' enumerate,", and', when .* we
remember that these works* give, or will give,
in the aggregate, an Increased . wharf v area- of
about 418,000 square feet,, or the equivalent. of
a new wharf eighty ,feet**wide; and ••¦one; mile
long; when we think of 'this , work,- Mr. i Presi
dent, and' know, as we..; do know, f that - our
friendis acquainted with evpry foot of bulk
head and berthroom {contained* both ;> in vit "and
in the old docks and wharves,- we; can : form
some estimate of the time he has ; spent upon
this work, and - when we remember ..his equal
care and anxiety, either . to provide I a dock for
the great ¦ ocean liner, with , her - thousands- of
tons of freight, or a box for the smallest-fish
ing-boat.-we know it was a'labor:of -love -as
well. as a duty. Knowing all this,? Mr. rPresi
dent, we feel It our duty to urea the gentle-
Rudolph Herold Jr. yesterday attended
his last meeting of the Board of Harboi
Commissioners as a member of that body
and John D. Mackenzie, his recently ap
pointed successor, presented his' credent
tials and officially took his seat. -
Commissioner" Herold welcomed Com
missioner Mackenzie, bade good-by to his
former associates and as plain Rudolph
Herold Jr. was an Interested listener to
Commissioner Kirkpatrick's summary of
what has been accomplished by the com
mission since Herold joined it.
Mackenzie in taking his seat thanked
Mr. Herold and the Commissioners for
their kindly welcome and said that his
aim while a member of the board would
be to do everything in his power to pro
mote the best interests of the port. ¦
Commissioner Herold welcomed the new
member as follows: , ~
Mr. Commissioner: I desire to congratulate
•you on your appointment as a member of this
commission, which Is considered by all thO3e
who are conversant and acquainted with its
duties and working to be one of the most im
portant and prominent in the affairs of .this
State. I am much gratified to be able to say
to you that upon assuming your seat as my
successor you will find the vast machinery of
this commission in the best working order.
There is each on hand, the credit is unlimited,
there is no annoying and worrisome litigation
pending, save a suit for alleged infringement
of patent, which is being, taken .care of by
the able attorney of the board, assisted by a
competent patent lawyer," and will therefore
not be a source of trouble to you; and in ad
dition to all of this, the commission is free
from the "slightest breath of ¦ scandal. 'As the
Garden City has no harbor or water front, the
shipping and commercial Interests of this port
can feel secure that your undivided efforts will
be directed to the support and promotion of
the port of San Francisco.
Wishes Mackenzie Success.
In conclusion. Mr. Commissioner. I . extend
to you my best and sincere wishes for a. suc
cessful and prosperous tenure of office, and if
at any time you should desire, to confer or
consult with me on matters pertaining to your
new office you will find me ever ready to re
spond and co-operate.
Turning to President Kilburn, Mr.
Herold said:
Mr. . President : All that now remains to
bring my term of office -to a close Is the of
ficial leave taking of my associates and these
surroundings. This I do with sincere feelings
of deepest regret. During my entire business
life, which extends over a period of thirty
years in this city. 1 have at various times
been a member of boards and committees, but
never has any association been so near and
dear to me as with the commission I am now
about to part with. ' •
As San Francisco is my native city, it was
but natural that I should enter upon my
duties as a Harbor Commissioner with great
interest and zeal,, and which has increased to
such an extent as my term progressed that
it will be impossible Xor the mere expiration
of my appointment" to either eradicate, or di
minish it. I shall continue to be a close ob
server of water front matters,' and closely
watch the. consummation of the important
work now in course of construction, in tho
adopting of the specifications, the awarding
of bids and executing of contracts of, which I
participated In. It Is my earnest . hope that
when in the future my incumbency as a mem
ber qf the Board of State Harbor Commission
ers is referred to. the verdict will be "He did
his duty." This will be my. proud reward, and
I will always consider, that It. would' not- have
been possible for me to earn it If it had not
been for the able assistance . and ' support I
received at the hands of my associates, the
heads of the denartments and the rank and
file down to and including the humblest em
ploye to all of whom I now extend my heart
felt thanks. I desire to particularly thank
Governor Budd. who presented me with the
property and Governor Gage, who perfected
the title thereto. I also wish to » thank, the
press for its uniform courtesy and , the fair
treatment in criticizing my official acts.
In conclusion, my associates and friends, I.
with my best wishes for tho long continued
success and prosperity of the. Harbor Com
mission, will now bid you:"Good-by.' f
San Francisco's Great Growth.
Commissioner Kirkpatrlck then spoke
as follows: ; \ ' ; ..
Mr President: In accordance with. the im
mutable law of change, not to mention change
by immutable law, it becomes our . pleasant
duty to extend a hand of welcome and fellow
ship to our future associate:' to assure him of
our support and to ask his co-operation in those
duties which are so interesting to the indi
vidual and so important to the well-being of the
•state We have, however, another duty, as
well as a privilege, and that is to speed the
parting as we welcome the coming guest. The
great King of the Round Table has 6ald,"Th»!
old order changeth. yielding place to new."
and, while this may be true of transient of
fjee. we would say to our esteemed friend and
fellow-laborer of the pa*t. who this day lays
down the tares of office, that there is another
order into which, with his consent, we hope,
we have initiated him: and as a member of
which we have graven his name upon .: our
hearts among that ancient and most honorable
order of, friends, whose term depends,' not upon
the statutes I in euch case made and provided,
but where the tenure of office is for life. There
Is one . matter of congratulation for our retir
ing Commissioner, and that is that during his
term of office Uhe shipping tonnage of San
Francisco has made the greatest growth of any
period in v its existence, until our city Is the
fourth seaport in" the United States, and that
the tonnage here is rapidly approaching one
half of that of the great port of Liverpool with
its millions upon millions » of- dollars .invested
In docks and pier*. . To say that so many mil-,
lions of tons of freight were handled In',' a
year conveys little information : to a mind un
familiar with the subject: but the fact that
tolln'have' been collected in the last year upon
sufficient freight to load four hundred thousand
freight cars cf fifteen tons each, and that , they,
if coupled together, .would . reach ' across . the
country In a solid line from San Francisco to
New York, ; will give some .:, Idea of.
the traffic of this great i harbor. ; To
meet the .requirements' of-' this .' trade
it has.- been necessary, to: strain . every ; re
trade it has been necessary to strain every- re
source, and upon ¦ this subject ¦. so vital to our
city and State there is no one who hae, or
could have, put more . careful - thought and
earnest' work than our . friend, ;• Mr. Com
mipeloner Herold.^ainpnMACHBMMm0HCt4C
When, we think, that in addition . to all tb%
repairs , and . email ¦ improvements . continually
. Two newspaper employes were before
the Grand Jury yesterday afternoon in
connection with the alleged raising of a
lund of $6000 to corrupt the Civil Service
Commissioners. Although their examina
tion was as unsatisfactory as far as re
sults were concerned as was that of the
police officers the previous week, it was
decided to put Civil Service Commissioner
Ohnlntus on the stand on . Tuesday next
to find out if he knew what he was talk-
Ing about when he made ' the assertions
that necessitated the so far fruitless in
vestigation.
Judge Cabaniss, at his own request, ap
peared before the Grand Jury to tell ho*v
hard the Police Judges are worked. . He
brought his dockets with him and showed
the number of cases he tried every day.
He said the other Police Judges did about
the* same amount of work, although some
cases consumed .more time than others.
The Grand Jury will recommend in its
final report that the Police Judges -follow
out the provisions of the charter and be
in their offices daily from 8:30 a. m. to 5
'j. m. ' . c
The congestion of traffic on Market
street, between the water front and Sev
enth street, during: the busy • hours of
the afternoon was considered in the fol
lowing recommendation to the Board of
Supervisors:
Gentlemen: it is noticeable that ever
since Market street was bltuminized some years
Ego there has been a large increase of traffic
oyer that thoroughfare, and particularly in the
evening between S and 6 o'clock, when drivers
of empty trucks and express wagons, going to
Uieir respective stables, are in the habit of re
turning via that thoroughfare. It is natural
that drivers should take advantage of the best
r&ads, but as this great avenue of commerce is
¦used by the working women going from facto
ries and offices, and by business people gener
ally, this body deems it advisable and neces
sary in order to prevent injury and loss of life,
besides untcld annoyance to women and work
ing people crossing Market street or getting
on or oSC cable cars, that certain legislation be
enacted to tompel empty teams and express
¦wagons to use other thoroughfares at the time
when business houses are closing.
An accurate count made by two competent
men shows that on Monday, March 17, 535
teazr.s passed Montgomery street, going west
on Market street, between the hours of 5 and
6 p. m. As this indicates more than one team
every 6even seconds, making a continuous and
sometimes a double file of trucks and wagons
during the time when Market street is crowd
ed with human beings, we therefore urge and
request the passage by your honorably body or
an ordinance declaring that it shall be a mis-
demeanor for" the ' driver of an empty truck,
dray or express wagon to drive on Market
street, between Sansome and Fifth, between
6 and C n. in.
Accompanying the resolution is ti»e
draft of an ordinace intended to do a\ray
•with the objections raised by the grand
jurors.
Grand Jury to Again
Call on Ohnimus for
More Light.
Surrenders His Place on
Harbor Board to J.
D. Mackenzie.
RUDOLPH HEROLD
MAKES HIS EXIT
MAN WITH SACK
STILL ELUSIVE
12
TELEPHONE HOWARD 1QZL %
M CV J0CVH ¦ mSW JEM \WttA Bk JS
119 TAYLOR ST.
VERY BEST BUTTER.
EXTRA FANCY CREAMEBY.
Kind you have been paying 1 55c QC.
for. FULL. SIZE SQUARES...... 00C
We have reputation for selling better
Butter.
GELATINE gs*. * ™? s :. s .^:.. 25c
Makes 6 quarts of sparkling Jelly.
Usually 13c.
WORCESTERSHIRE f g™ Mi ",t»
Half pint size; 2 bottles ZGC
WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR, for
health bread-... 10-lb sack I7ac
Usually 30c.
SHELLED ALMONDS ...pound 25c
FRESH AND CRISP.
Perfect In flavor. Usually 35c
COMB HONEY Z&":™!*\ I2LiT
Just as Bees made it. Usually 20c.
ANIMAL CAKES SSfSiA! . 10c
A..B. C. brand. Usually 15c.
MrBRAYER'S WHISKEY, ffi. SI.75
STRAIGHT — Full proof. Best known
brand for medicinal use. Usually $5 gal '
ZINFAKDEL gSiin^..^!- 40c
; "ASTI" -Vineyard. 6-year-old. Sample at
I store. Usually 65c. ««npio at
TEtfePHONE PAGE 6456. 0'
pj p^gy Am W« |£& V Kf?j €wt«L !fa$^ Q
McAllister and filimore Sis,
r New Store!
V New Goods!
A opening
i SATURDAY, Mar. 29
Jfl "Tasting Day."
Besides being opening
I day, we want you to
come and taste anything
in the store, except cham-
N Luxuries of grocery art
served to all partaking of
our hospitality.
G We also have a sweet
treat for the children.
A Hearty Ve'come Extended.
ADVERTISElilENTS. _ _
Gommencing MONDAY, March 24th,
we will display an elegant assortment of
NEW GOODS IN OUR HOSIERY,
GLOVE, RIBBON, LACE AND
NECKWEAR DEPARTMENTS.
We call particular attention
to the following special lines*
Elegant Feather Boas, in White, Black ana White, Grau,
Natural and Black, U, U- and 2 uards long.
Rlhhon and Llbertu Chiffon Ruffs, In Black, Black and
White, and White and Black, Fancu Silk Croat Ties
and Turn-oYer Collar Bands, Applidue* Silk * and
¦ :, Chiffon Yestlngsj White, Cream, Arabian and Black
All-over Nets; Liherta Chiffon and -Net Rnfflings
and Galon Band Trimmings. '/
Ladles' Extra Qualitu 2-Clasp French Kid GlOYes, with
Paris Point embroidered hacksj' air the new colors;
also Black.........'. ..::...^1.^5 Rair
Reunler 2-Clasp Plane Kid and Suede Walking Gloves,
in Black and colors, with handsome embroidered
• backs. :~. .'. $l.5O Pair
Ladies' Fancn Lisle Thread Hose, Printed, Striped and
Lace effects; all latest stales and Golorings...
...... ;...5Oc F»air
Our Best Qualltg 4-Inch Satin Llbertu and Satin Taffeta
Ribbon, so muGh in demand at the present time, full
assortment of spring colors. ..... ..3OcYard
Corded' Taffeta Wash Ribbons, 3 and 3£ Inches in width,
in the following colors? White, Pinks, Blues, Malza-
. . . Cardinal, Nile, Lilac and Cream. ....lSo Yard
'MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Big Sale of Harness,
, All: goods jmarked in plain figures. Spe-
cial 10 per cent discount "Wednesdays and
Saturdays.. Leibold . Harness -Co 211
Larkln street, . • .
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
y
Baking Powder bet-
ter tKacn aoiy other ?
Because in its mammoth works a
corps of chemical experts is con-
stantly employed to test every ingre-
dient and supervise every process of
manufacture to insure a product ab-
solutely pure, wholesome and perfect
in every respect.
The most wholesome food and
the most digestible food are made
with Royal Baking Powder.
¦ — . ¦
ROYAL BMCING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
AD VEETISEMENTS.
¦¦ mm M. - JM. v II lilt V^Ls
For Easter cannot l^H,'i#n}j£*^p'~-\
be found in ready- l^E^ff^LJ/
made goods. They ]\^S Wr\ CT"^
may look all right at ''J& I V V__J
a glance," but they : <l j \S"
lm-arialtly lack per- 'j | I A
f ection of , fit. Our fl|| j A
• suits fit, because j , f j I
THEY ABE Ml-
HADE TO FIT. 'I I' I !
They fit every part ' |\|j'S \
cf the figrure. It |*| "j
pays to get one of MaJ <&> I
our suits. »^^r^
One Dollar
a week.
Is all you need pay, and you may •wear It
¦while paying 1 for it.
128 ElliS St. AbovePftfrell
®«^ TO THE PUBLIC!
People •who. have heard of GEORGE MAT-
ERI-K. the Oernian Expert Optician, come to
htm U> have (?lass*s made. A firm has Flarted
at hie very next d<x>r, calling themselves "May-
eric & Co.," which Is apt to make people think
they are connected - wUh me. I. AM JN NO
WAT CONNECTED WITH THE SO-CALLED
"MATERLE & CO." ...
»' When -wishing- to consult Mi>. Mayerle, IK-
f 1ST upon EeeJng Mr. George , Mayerle PED.-
SOXALLV. A CROWN on every window Indi-
rates GEORGE MATERLE'S place. EN-
TRANCE 1021 Market street.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
'"It pives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr.' GEORGE MayerJe of 1071 Mar-
Vet etreet. I have been using glasses fdr the.
past four years, and during that time have
consulted several opticians, but not until I con-
sulted Mr. GEORGE MayerJe and had him 'fit
plasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most respectfully, J. H. ANDERSON.
"Sergeant of Police. Ban Francisco."
GEORGE MAYEELE.
German Expert Optician, 1071 Market street.
i * \
fcjirtu-^Yr lYi * \ '•' i iVJi'ilii -"irV wV iii - i rf-'- v " '^ "'" -'' -'•^'^I'n'hrf. i'ivh-'-ir'Mii i m''V«"i1J j '. 4 li i i i 4~ii
. \i nis-Siaer Spring Wagon is
for small,:hqrses*or\cobs/.- but
we { have' them also in larger
sizes. ':';.
]': \ Unless you have • beeni in
the^stofe; : recently' :i 6iir stock
wiliisurprisejypu" ¦¦ -•
. Market and Tenth Streets. '"
ra^^-^^^ B Tb 1
mSBsBWHh^W i M ¦¦jig
BBHOgB»iLfl!g fin I \fl \jp
4 SDeclally manufactured for us — a world \
beater; cannot be excelled In tills city at V.
. this orice. Vld kid. patent tip. welt, all
widths and sizes. Price this week $2.50.
LIPPITT&FISHtR
Q45 MARKET STREET.
"WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
Missouri Pacific Limited.
The Finest Service to the
r East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis.
Pcnorallr conducted excursions *la taU
route to Chicago. New York. Boston and aU
I*. M. FLETCHKE.
..•* ~ .. Pacific Coast Azent.
128 California st.. San Francisco. CaL
RPTTQHI7Q FOK barbej.is.bak-
XJliU OllJuO ers - bootbiatxs. bath-
.¦--••• houses, btllard tables.
Brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery,
dyers, flourmiUs. foundries, laundries, paper-
hancers. printers, calnters. shoe factorteo^^
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*. «•. ( 'T
• UcCrlAiHA.S EROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramaoto Si