PRICE FIVE . CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH dL4, 1902.
VOLUME XCI.— XO. 104.
Member of House of Commons Asks That
Boer Commandant Kritsinger Be
Given Freedom.
GENERAL METHUEN
IS RELEASED AND
SENT TO BRITISH
UNITED. STATES EMBASSADOR
TO MEXICO, ACCUSED OF
i UNFAIRNESS.
SAN RAFAEL, March 13.— The Rev.
John Emery and B. Novelli, well-known
residents of this city, were arrested this
afternoon on a charge of criminal assault
preferred by the father of eight-year-old
Daisy Rubino. Both men emphatically
deny the charge made against them.
Arrested on a Serious Charge.
McMorran is convinced that the district
Is a rich one. Coming out he met twenty
two men along the trail. Two had horses,
tut the others were dragging their sup
plies on rawhides or carrying them on
their backs.
SPOKANE, March 13.— A Mountain
House, Idaho, special to the Spokesman-
Review says: A. W. McMorran. former
Councilman of Spokane, arrived here to
day from the new gold camp at Thunder
Mountain. He reports that about 100 me.i
are now there. Provisions cannot be
bought. Salt and sugar are very scarce.
Deep snow prevents building.
Gold Region at Thunder
Mountain.
Men Trudge Through Enow to the
MINERS ARE HURRYING
TO A NEW KLONDIKE
In connection with the energetic work
the Sacramento Chamber is now doing
Manager H. A. French left on the over
land train to-night for Ogden to arrange
for the installation of an exhibit of Sac
ramento Valley products and the estab
lishment of a bureau of information at
that point for the benefit of homeseekers.
The bulk of the colonists who come to
California as a result of the cheap rates
come through Ogden, and this has been
decided upon as the best field for work
at the present time. In connection with
the Ogden exhibt there will be an ex
hibit in the Sacramento depot. Stopover
privileges have been allowed on these
tickets at Sacramento. Colonists destined
for further points will suffer no loss on
tickets by delay here.
SACRAMENTO, March 13.— The Sacra
ir.cnto Chamber of Commerce to-day be
gan the work of preparing a complete
catalogue of the lands in Sacramento
County available for development pur
poses, with a view to classifying them ac
cording to their area, value, adaptability
for particular products or for manufac
turing purposes, etc. The lists are to be
made complete as <o details and will be
krpt on file at the Chamber's headquar
ters and constantly revised for the infor
mation of homeseekers. The work of pre
paring the schedules is in charge of Sac
r-Mary M. R. Beard, who has begun an
active canvass of the real estate men, and
will follow with an equally active canvass
of individual owners.
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
Btgins Important Part of the
Development Work.
ELABORATE CATAXOGUE
WILL AID HOME-SEEKERS
Senator Nelson Calls Attention to Impro*
priety of the Conduct of the Em=
bassador to Mexico.
ing petty spite and spleen.
The Daily Mail announces that King
Edward's proposed visit '.b the Riviera
has been abandoned.
The official announcement yesterday of
the abandonment of the proposed visit of
King Edward and Queen Alexandra to
Ireland, whereby the Ministers assume
the responsibility for an imperial boycott,
is quite unprecedented in form and causes
keen discussion, the genera' tone t f which
Is diEtinctly«ed verse to the action of the
Cabinet, which is interpreted as display-
cussion before the Battersea Borough
Council last evening of the proposal to
make an appropriation for public enter
tainments in commemoration of the coro
nation of King Edward, two of the Coun
cilors, who strongly opposed a celebra
tion of the coronation, said the King was
merely a figurehead and that it did not
matter to the people of Battersea what
individual occupied the thorne. They ridi
culed the idea that the name of the King
should be mentioned with bated breath.
The remarks of the two Councilors
were hissed and the audience cheered the
response of a Conservative Councilor, who
said:
"Traitors to the King ought to be shot
The proposal for an appropriation was
passed.
In the Southampton Town Council a mo
tion to appropriate $1000 for the purpose
of celebrating the King's coronation wa^
declared to be preposterous and illegal
and to be "forcing the people to pay for
things they did not believe in." Surprise
was expressed that teetotaler Councilors
should support such a motion, seeing the
interest the King had taken in beer-mak
ing and knowing also that gambling and
horse -racing were the curse of the coun
try. -- - jb*«->. T»V<^<-/ijT^
The motion for an appropriation was
carried by a large majority.
LONDON. March 13.— During the dis-
Opposition to the Pro=
posed Celebrations
of Coronation.
Edward Is Declared
to Be Merely a
Figurehead.
Harsh Remarks Are
Made in Borough
Councils.
ACCUSES CLAYTON
OF UNFAIRNESS IN
THE MEALEY CASE
BRITISH
KING IS
SCORED
SAN DIEGO, March 13.— The .lumbct
schooner jOceana' Vance, from Port Had
lock. Puget Sound, arrived in thla port to';'
day ; eight days overdue. She I, experienced
uo mishap, , but bad rough weather. - •¦•; .?, ;
Belated Lumber, Schooner Arrives.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 13.-A dis
patch received here to-day at the War
Office -announced" that another fight oc
curred'March 3~' between Russian troopa
and £00, /Tunguses' north of Hubandsy,"
'Manchuria. .-.Two .hundred Tunguses were
killed, , Including .their ; leader. Two Rus-
Biana 1 ' were •wounded. 'V .;'-
TUNGUSES AND RUSSIAN
TROOPS MEET -IN BATTLE
. ROME,. March 13.— The Government has
decided to construct a tunnel connecting
V-or.ice with the adjoining island of La
G'.idiccia. . •
Connecting Venice by Tunnel.
. Bellamy Storrer has informed the State
Department at Washington that he In
tended -to, come . home on & leave of -ab
sence, but the. department has not yot re
ceived information that he. has actually
left Spain.-.
Suspend England's Crack Jockey.
LONDON, March 13.-The Racing Cal
endar announces that the stewards of the
jeekey club, after an- inquiry, have re
fused to license Otto Madden, who headed
the list of-winning jockeys in 1001, and P\
Rickaby. The latter is also .warned off
Newmarket Heath. Botharc punished on
the ground that they associated with per
sons, of bad character, on the turf. Among
the jockeys licensed are the following
An-ericans: . Clem Jenkins,,; Rigby, and
Spencer.
Employers Issue an Ultimatum.
SEATTLE, March 13.— The employers of
builling tradesmen declare that unless the
tradesmen who are now out return to
their work by Monday of next week all
the union building tradesmen now at
work will be discharged and building ope
rations will be. entirely suspended. This
decision on the part of the contractors
was announced to-day at a meeting of
the Employers' Association. The an
nouncement was made by the delegates to
the Employers' Association from the
Master Builders' Association, . which in
cludes sixteen of the contractors engaged
in the construction of large buildings. .
Slave Traders Driven Out.
LISBON. March 13.— Portuguese Govern
ment trpops recently attacked twelve
strongholds of the slave traders near
Pemba Bay. Portuguese East Africa, and
after a prolonged and desperate fight
drove cut the traders and liberated 700
slaves. ,
' SAN " JUANT Porto" Rico. March lil— Ad
vices received here" from Venezuela say
the condition of the revolution in that
country Is unchanged. The revolutionise
are very- active anil It is reported that
they lately had successful engagements
with the/Government troops near Cara
pano. ,at Guiria and at Pilar, but \ttuu
they have not yet captured any \>orts ot
cities. During the night of March S th*
revolutionary -steamer Bolivar appeared
before Carupano. took. a launch and dis
appeared tn the morning without landing
men or attacking the place. Some "hours
afterward the . Venezuelan Government
gunboats . Restaurador and Miranda • ar
rived at Carupano, with the intention of
attacking the' Bolivar. Itjs said that. t ha
revolutionary steamer has recently suf
fered terribly; and that President Castro'a
fleet hopes soon to dispose of Iier,
Several Successful Engagements
Withi Government Troops.
Rebels Are Reported to Have Had
REVOLUTIONARY F0RCE3
; ARE ACTIVE IN VENEZUELA
CONSTANTINOPLE, March 13.-The
town of Tchengeri; In the province of
Kastamounl, Asia Minor, was totally de.
stroyed by an earthquake March 8. Four
persons were killed and a hundred were
injured.^v.; v;;^ ¦ '" ; "
VIENNA, March 13.— A dispatch to the
Neue Freie Presse. from Constantinople
to-oay announced that the town of Kyari
kari, northeast of Angora, in Asia Minor,
was destroyed by an earthquake 'March
12. No details of the disaster have been
received.' KyanWari had 20,000 inhabitants.
Been Killed and Many More
Injured.
Several Persons Are Known to Have
EARTHQUAKES DESTROY
TOWNS IN ASIA MINOR
LONDON,. March 13.— Although it is
said in official -circles here, cables the
Madrid, correspondent of the Daily Mail,
that Bellamy Storrer, United States Min
ister to Spain, who has left for America
on account .of - the' failure of the nego
tiations for a treaty of friendship, will
come back in six months, the general
Impression is that the Minister will not
Departure.
State Department at Washington Has
> ... Not Received News of His
MINISTER STORRER MAY
NOT RETURN TO SPAIN
W e have Ignored, the rlehts or those re-'
publics and .we have trampled upon the law
of -nations in dolnfj.lt. We have an Anslo
maniac tn the State Department who ' could
see' nothing : in the cause of the Boers and
everythlns^acrecl In" the " unlawful - pretensions
ot Great Britain. (Democratic appiause.) - In
deed and Intruth at' the outbreak of this war.
every.'- question of .. international. Jaw; Involved
was' decided adversely : to* the: Boers . by. the
Secretary of . State. Every. .'.contention for
In the House to-day Cochran : of Mis
souri made a fervent speech denounciuj;
the course of the administration relative
to the British war against the South Afri
can republics. He said: ¦-"• l <>"
A letter from Secretary Hay was. pre
sented by Chairman Hitt, explaining the
circumstances of the case.
Hesolved. That the Secretary of State be.
and he is hereby, respectfully -requested. If not
Incompatible with: the public Interests, to in
form the House of Representatives whether he
declined to comply with the . request of the
said Rev. Hiram W. Thomas or any one . act
ing for him, for passports or to ask the British
Government' for' permission for the saW;RevT
Thomas and his wife or to lend his offices to
secure through >the\ British -Embassador -a per
mit ' from the British War Office for them • to
visit South . African military concentration
camps for the purpose of . distributing j funds
raised in tho. United' States for the relief of
noncombatant prisoners. >c -i. '.-¦ ¦.:'.•-
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The resolu
tion of Representative- Burleson of. .Texas
asking the Secretary of State . for infor
mation as to, requests by. Rev. Hiram W".
Thomas to bear relief funds to .the Boer
concentration camps was ordered report
ed by the House Committee on Foreign
Affairs to-day. As agreed to, the resolu
tion recites: ¦ .'"'.'
Concentration Camps.
Pressure on .Hay in Connection With
RELIEF FOR NONCOMBATANTS.
Brigadier General Robert P. Hughes,
now on duty in this city as president of
the military board of uniforms, has been
selected as the successor of General
Young to. command the Department of
California. -
WASHINGTON, j March 13.— By the di
rection of the President Major General S.
M. B. Young "has been relieved from the
command of the Department of California
and ordered to .this city to accept the
presidency of the Army , War College
which is to be established at Washington
Barracks, provided the necessary funds
are appropriated by Congress. General
Young is regarded as one of the ablest and
most progressive general officers in the
army and was especially selected by the
Secretary of War to organize and direct
the proposed college.
ton as Head of the. Army. War
College.
HTJGHES TO COMMAND
CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT
General Young Ordered to Washing-
Representative Randell of Texas to-day
introduced a joint resolution extending
recognition aud sympathy- to the people
and Governments of the South African
republics and. the, Orange Free State; ap
pealing to the British : Government to
cease hostilities and requesting the Presi
dent - to tender the good offices of this
Government. - - ' : •
which lh?y are nshtins was cast aside and
every .unlawful assumption of. power and au
thority asserted by Great Britain was con
firmed. And "now It has. come, to pas?, -when
the walls of the suffering wives 'and children
of the heroic Boers are- borne to our ears by
every gale, provoking a responsive chord in
the; hearts of sympathetic people throughout
the world and they, are , witling' to relieve the
sufferings of. these unfortunates, that our Sec
r ar f e . >*. of State- discovers some nHe of inter
national Jaw that, shuts the mouth of mercy
and palsies the hand of charity. (Democratic
applause.) Shame upon this farce! Shame
upon this hippodrome by which the American
republic is yoked in the companionship of this
infamous power and made to seem .to be a
conservator of the brutal hand Of this con-
army!
Brodrick said subsequently that the tel
egram received' did not specifically say
that General : Methuen hajl been' released,
but from the fact that he was : in the
hands of a British medical .officer it was
presumed that the general had been re
leased. ' ¦ ¦.'¦'.' . • '.
Timothy M. Healy, Irish . Nationalist,
amid Nationalist cheers, invited the Gov
ernment to show equal magnanimity and
release Commandant Kritslnger.- '¦ ' r
Brodrick added that the exchange ot
General Methuen for Commandant Krit
singer had not been contemplated. The
trial of the commandant had been post
poned because consideration of ¦ Ihe evi
dence to be presented had not been com
"pleted. . • '. .
«- ONDON, 'March 13^— The
ly ¦ lowing dispatch,, dated Pre-
S toria, March 13, has been re
ef > ceived from Lord Kitchener: :
M i«<y "General - Methuen was
brought to Klerksdorp to-dayl
He is doing well. Everything Is
being done for him." '
Before the dispatch f,rom Kitchener was
made public War Secretary Brodrick an
nounced in the House of Commons that
he understood that General Methuen, who
was captured, severely wounded; by Gen
eral Delarey, March 10. had been released
and was expected to 'arrive : at Klerks
.dorp, •. Southwestern Transvaal, to-day.
The general's condition was favorable.
TACOMA, March 13.— Manager C. H.
Pearce of the Alaska Perseverance group
of mines, In Silver Bow basin, near Ju
neau, is en route to San Francisco to
purchase machinery for use in driving a
tunnel a mile long through the Juneau
mountains. This tunnel, recently started,
is already proving a great success. Its ob
ject is to provide an outlet for great ore
bodies on opposite sides of the mountain.
Manager Pearce did not expect to cross
cut any important veins until at least 1200
feet of the tunnel had been driven. He
and his fellow workers have been pleas
antly surprised by cutting through a large
vein of good paying ore only 300 feet from
the tunnel entrance.
Tunnel Reveals Rich Ore.
Representative Richardson of Tennessee
originally Introduced the resolution call
ing for reports by Colonel J. L. Cham
berlain and- Colonel M. F. Maus of the
inspector general's office of the army as
to the transport service. This resolution
when called up in the committee to-day
brought on a vigorous discussion between
Representative Hay (Democrat) of Vir
ginia and Representative Parker (Repub
lican) of New Jersey. By a party vote
the request for the reports of Colonel
Chamberlain and Colonel Maus was
struck out and a substitute adopted ask
ing the Secretary of War for "all facts
that have come to his knowledge as to
the condition of the transport service be
tween San . Francisco and the Philip
pines."
WASHINGTON, March 13.-A spirited
controversy occurred before the House
Committee on Military." Affairs to-day over
the' resolution calling on the 'War Depart
ment - for information as to the alleged
irregularities of the transport service.
House Committee With
Information.
TRANSPORT SERVICE
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Secretary of War Is Asked to Furnisn
i
of a large mining company which is look
ins for favors from the Mexican Govern
ment. He says such a representative will
not be in a condition to protect an Ameri
can citizen against, the encroachments of
a company in which many of the leading
officials of the Mexican Government are
interested. He says there is a rule as to
Consuls which does not allow them to en
gage in trade in countries to which they
are sent, and says that the necessity for
such a rule should be made stronger in
preventing, a diplomatic 'officer from en
gaging in speculative mining enterprises.
The Senator, suggests that the questions
involved in the Mealey case are impor
tant, 1 especially as' they affect- the status
of the Embassador to Mexico.
BOER COMMANDANT KRIT- j
SINGER, AVHOSE RELEASE •
P. WAS ASKED IN COMMONS.
McCornick Is a prominent banker of
Salt Lake City and has been identified
with the Republican leadership in the
far West for many years.
Among other names mentioned in this
connection is Judge Estee of California,
who now holds a judicial position in
Hawaii.
Not long ago an Eastern Senator con
sulted the President with reference to
the position of Secretary -of the Interior,
and it is said that the President told him
that should Secretary Hitchcock resign
the place would probably go to a man
from the far West, possibly to the Pa
cific Coast.
It is understood . that McCornick will
allow his name to be presented by these
Senators should a change in the Cabinet
position be made.
Senator Kearns ot Utah and Millard of
Nebraska recently communicated -with
McCornick for the purpose of finding out
if he could be urged for the position of
Secretary of the Interior should Secre
tary Hitchcock resign.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— William S.
McCornick of Salt I^ake has, 'at the sug
gestion of the Nebraska Senators.' an
nounced that he will accept the Secre
taryship of the Interior if it be offered to
him by the President.
as a Successor to Secretary
Hitchcock.
Judge Estee Among Those Mentioned
MAN FROM THE TAR :
WEST WILL BE CHOSEN
Senator Nelson refers to what he calls
the serious Import of the charges, and
suggests the impropriety of a representa
tive from this country being a member
TW -w yASHINGTON. March 13.
|| JH f Attorney Theall, local
H /ra / counsel for Mr. Mealey.
Hf Hr the American citizen,
r ' who is held under an
order of court in Mex
ico for contempt, has submitted to lh»
State through United States
'Senator "kelson' a long statement of the
case from Mealey's , side, which reflects
upori: United States Embassador Powell
Clayton. It is alleged the Embassador
has misrepresented the facts In the case
to the department and that he is interest
ed in a rival mining company, which has
affected his attitude toward Mealey and
his legal fight with the development com
pany which forms the basis of the v present
action against him.
In sending the papers to the Sta^ De
partment Senator Nelson wrote quite a
long letter, and referred to the accompa
nying papers, among which is an affidavit
In Spanish by Juan Barrerr, with an Eng
lish translation, showing the alleged con
nection of Embassador Clayton with cer
tain mining companies in Mexico, in
which the Mexican Government officials
also are interested.
The only way for Jim Younger to be
come a married man in Minnesota is to
get a pardon, which will restore him to
the rights of a living citizen. Another
phase of the law is that neither Jim
Younger nor his brother. Cole, if they
establish any business of their own, as
has been contemplated, can be held for
any debts which they may incur. In his
application to the Governor requesting
information as to his rights to marry,
Younger said nothing regarding his pro
posed bride.
empowered to enter Into a contract for
him. It is not probable, however, that
the three members-of the Board of Con
trol, separately or as a whole, will agree
to enter into a marriage contract with
any woman for the benefit of the paroled
life convict. '
ST. PAUL",. March IX— Jim Younger
wishes - to. rnirry.. ;..f !e 'because
legally he Is dead, hence is" unable to on
ter into' any contract^ . Younger ' sub
mitted the question. of whether or not he
could wed to •. Governor V- Van /Sant.' who
has looked into the, matter' with, surpris
ing results. In Minnesota a man who is a
life prisoner is civilly dead. The only
way he can make any binding contract,
in the eyes of the law, is. through thb
board which paroled him, in this case the
State Board of Control, which board is
ing 1 Contract.
able to Enter Into Any Bind-
He Is Legally Dead and Hence Un-
JIK YOUNGER WISHES
TO MARRY BUT CANNOT
CALL. BUREAU. I*« G STREET, N.
\V., WASHINGTON, March U.— As sho.y
ing the attitude cf the administrat.on
with respect to the German Embas3a.lui
it is learned to-day that the secret ser
vice propose to lmmediattly . re.turn tho
papers in the case of fcmtl Witte. --h>
submitted them to the State Department.
An examination of the papers. and the In
vestigation made by the secret seivica
have established that there is-no ground
upon which the State Department could
demand the recall or the Kmbassador. b'e
crVt service officials deny that they-forci
bly seized the letters held by Witte, us he
claims. They say that he himself offered
to- surrender the papers, not only, to-.. ia
secret service, but to .newspaper's, in the
hope that their publication might tm
barrass Herr von Holleoen. It Is attm.t
ted that during the visit of Prince Henry
of Prussia, to the United States-Witte was
kept, under surveillance, and that for sev
eral months- past x < the police ol this tity
have been guarding the German embassy.
At the embassy it is stated that Wittea
conduct has been annoying, but 4he Era
bassador has never feared the fullest in
vestigation of his charges, because he has
never committed. any act which Involved
interference in the Internal aftairs of tna
United States.
NO GSOXJWD FOB. RECALL. *
AMUiam J.Hynn, who is. in charge oZ
the bureau cf the United Sta:t3 s^crit
service in this city, said that a mtntii
ago Witte willingly sunenueiea to him
certain documents and ihat he hud for
warded them to his ciiicf m Washington.
Consul .'General Euenz when" shown -a
copy ct the cnarges said iliat they were
ridiculous and tnat.tntTe.naQ been nu
UKuipiomatic ccnauct on' the "part, of tno
ucrniaD' Embaasador.
Seventh— That through Dr. von Holleben
and- Professor- Schoensekl of the Colum
bian Lnrvermty, who is aisp the Ottoman
Consul ¦.. Gentiai,- an erfoit-was made to
prejudice Murrey aganiot ine ( United
¦states.
Sixth— Profttsor Aiunsie'iburg i3, ¦ with
the consent of Dr. von Molleben, at the
secret press bureau tstabbahed: for the
purpose ot giriaing American public opin
ion. ."..';
Professor. Blumentiitt ot Austria con
nections have been established between
Count von Bulow and the Philippines.
| Firth — Dr. von . Hollebeh has uRen an
active part iii internal American .affairs
and particularly In the calling of raasa
uieetin&s and tn? spreading olf anti-Amer
ican feeling among: t ne> Germans -here.
WITH THE PHILIPPINES.
Fourth— Through Dr. von Holleben and
Third— Based en information obtained
though the means mentioned, Germany
has completed, plans for the mobilization
of her army and navy in the event of war
with the United -States.
Second — Through Dr. von Holleben the
German Koreign Oftice has a complete
system, of espionage, overrunning tea
Lnited States.
Fiist— Through Dr. von Holleben. Ger
many became aware of the plans of all
the naval defenses in the United States.
for the "same reason. Witte now declare3
that he has been an American citizen
since I&fO. He has drawn, up these charges,
which amplify thuse already given out:
It developed to-day that Karl Buenz,
the German Consul General here, had-as
sisted Witte financially solely upon the
man's representations that, he was In
want. Bucnz said to-day that the Ger
man Embassador had given Witte money
NEW YORK. March 13.-Emil Witte.
the discharged cmploje of the German
Embassy in Washington, to-day amplified
his charges . against Embassador vdn
Hclleben. He would have the public be
lieve that the machinations of Dr. von
ypllebcn extended not only throughout
this country, but to Turkey and the
Philippines.
*
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Administration Not to
Ask Recall of Von
Holleben.
Secret Sendee Fails
to Establish a
Case.
COPENHAGEN," March 13.— The treaty
providing for the sale of the Danish West
Indies to the United States came up for
the first time in open .; session in the
Folkething to-day. The Premier and For
eign Minister, Dr. Deuntzer, replying to
several speakers, said Denmark acted in
the best Interests of the islanders in nego
tiating the treaty. Denmark, in fact, wa3
merely receiving compensation for her ob
ligations in connection with the islands.
The United States had acted, in the best
faith and friendliness throughout the
negotiations. The Minister felt sure the
great republic could ami would give the
islanders a better position in the ., world
than they had enjoyed before.
COPENHAGEN, March 13.— Confidential
reports received. ; here . from the Danish
West Indies declare there is intense ex
citement among the negroes of those isl
ands over the -sale- owing; to their beliel
that it will mean .universal suffrage and
officeholdlng. There arc fears of insur
rection and serious* trouble, according to
these reports, if the treaty is defeated.
of America.
Great Things AreEx=
pected Under Rule
Annexed Strife
Is Certain.
If the Islands Are Not
Says the Kaiser Is
Given Pians of
Defenses.
Negroes of the Danish
West Indies Are
Excited.
ALLEGES
INTRIGUE
IS VAST
N ATIVES
TO MAKE
TROUBLE
WITTE CHARGES GERMAN EMBASSADOR WITH ESTABLISHING
A SYSTEM OF ESPIONAGE OVERRUNNING THE UNITED STATES
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, March 13.— James Dick, the
so-called "rubber king," who died at
Glasgow, March 7, bequeathed £100,000
for distribution among his employes, and
the bulk of the balance of his fortune
goes to charity. His cashier gets £5000,
his cook £2000, and other domestic ser
vants are to receive in the aggregate
thousands of pounds. The. clerks get from
£300 to d£50O each. . - . .-
Leaves Large Fortune to Charity.
dated at Acapulco, February 27, states
that the warship Is now on her way
from South American waters. She will
stop at Magdalena Bav for ten days and
thence proceed direct to San Diego.
Magic.
fht yv«y, BBlva-pea . cur**- Pllft,
Wiefionaln on tho Way North.
VAM/KJO. March in. - Information
from th« United btntoa vcajol WUponaln
WASHINGTON. March n.-Willlam J.
Hryan arrived In Washington to-day from
Now York, en route to Hftrrlnhurg, Pa.
Tho fusion member*, of tho NeuruMkn
dolfR«tlon took breakfast with him and
luicr ho vlaitfd, (ho 'Capitol,' %
Bryan Visits tho Capital.
ITHACA, N. Y... March 13.— Professor
Henry Morse Stephens, who holds the
chair of modern European history at Cor
nell, to-day sent in his resignation, to
tnko effect at the end of tho present col
lege year. Ho has accepted tho professor
ship of European history at the University
of California. Professor Stophensin un
KnurllHhmiin and a graduato of Oxford.
He camo to Cornellln 1894 .on tho recom
mendation , of Professor Qoldwin Smith.
During tho past oighfyearH ho'hns be^n
njin of tho moat prominent mum-born of
thn fnculty, He Is tho author of ir well
known work on ,thn French revolution
unrt other ¦historical hooks and cgmtyB,
New Tutor for State University.
LONDON. March • 13.—Tho report that
Uqrnert Hpoth, third don of General
Month, whnwiii In eommnml of tho Hal-
VHtlon Army In AuHtrnllivrmri wlthiintwn
fron] it ho inniy, \» confirmed' here. III.
lieiillh Ih tho cauBQ of Commander lluuth'a
Ill-Health Causes His Retirement.
SEATTLE, March 13.-Steamer advices
received from the porth tell of an'ex
tremely narrow escape of seven men In
the shaft of the Treadwell . mine on
Wednesday, March 5. A strange- coin
cidence Is the fact that all of the party,
were in the same shaft during tho fire
which destroyed tho compressor building
and at that time , saved their lives . by
crawling through underground workings
to a deserted shaft. ¦ •
Tho prompt, action of a foreman, whose
name is not known, nvertod a tragedy this
time, while the men were in tho mine ti
large water pipe over the shaft burstand
a dolugo followed. Thore was no chance
of escape for tho men except through the
shaft and the foreman made a daBh
through tho torrent. He succeeded finally
In shutting off tho water.
Property Crawl Away B«f ore
a Deluge.
Seven Employes at the Treadwell
MEN NARROWLY ESCAPE
DEATH IN THE SHAFT
Navy order: Boatswain C. Woutera is
maered to report to the oommandnnt nt
Mnr« inland Navy Yard April 7 for com
mend of the tug Active.
Washington: Original— Nathan B. Run
die. Spokane, $8. Increase— Knudt Thomp
son. Montesano, $12; John S. Stunsberry,
Riffe, $10.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Enoch H. Barrett,
Oakland, $6; Charles A. Brlggs, Alameda,
Mi. Increase— James A. Roark, San 1)1
oro, $10; Charles C. Wells. San Francisco,
H2: Stephen H. Llbby, Soldiers' Home,
L«'s Angeles, $12. Mexican war— Jesse A.
MlllH, Woodvllle, $15.
Oregon: Increase— William A. Kimball,
lit ppner, $12.
¦ The postofflces at Avalon and South
Fa?adena, Cal., will become Presidential
ottlccs April 1, with the salaries of post
matters fixed at $1100 and $1000 respec
tively.
Postmasters appointed: California— J.
D. Ramage, Gibbons, San ' Luis Oblspo
County, vice W. S. Nunes, resigned; M.
G. Paige, White River, Tulare County,
vice Stella Brown, resigned.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Rhoda W. Dirk, Gold Run; Marlon A.
Steves, Florence.
Fostoffices discontinued March 31: -Cali
fornia— Hite, Mariposa County, mail goes
to Jerseydale; South San Diego, San Di
ego County, mail goes to Nestor. , .
WASHINGTON. March 13.— Postofflcc
up me changed: California — Alcatraz Land
ing, Santa Barbara County, to Gaviota;
Robert Compton, Postmaster.
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes Are Made in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The Coroner's jury in its verdict held
that "the child, which, was born alive
and lived several hours, died from hem
orrhageof the brain, which might, have
been caused during premature birth,' and
that Dr. Hagner, who attended at the
birth, was guilty of inexcusable neglect."
WASHINGTON, March 13.-Charles E.
Hagner, for many years a well-known
physician in this city and a member of
one of the oldest families, in this section,
was to-day held for the action of the
Grand Jury as the result of an Inquest
over the body of a prematurely born baby
of Mrs. Peter Blair.' found yesterday
alivo and doubled up in a shoe box,
thrown Into a garbage can In the rear of
the Blair house. At the inquest to-day a
colored woman pointed to Dr. Hagner as
the man whom she saw place the box in
the can. The latter, admitting he
was the man, said he fully believed the
child was dead at tho time. The physi
cian at the hospital whero the child was
carried after being found testified that
the baby was alive when received, and
the negro woman testified that the child
was crying when she found it.
Is Held to Answer a Most
Serious Charge.
Prominent Physician of Washington
THROWS A LIVE BABY i£$$
INTa A GARBAGE CAN
Frazier's success was so complete that
many other orchardists will try his plin
this year. It is expected that it will
cpiue into general use on the coast.
In an orchard of thirty-five acres he
scattered fifty large tin kerosene lamps
so made that chimneys were unnecessary.
Each night during moth time the lamps
were filled and lighted, burning until
morning. They attracted to them millions
of moths, which were burned and de
stroyed. Frazier found that the kerosene
cost less than his neighbors were paying
for spraying fluids. The trouble of light
ing the lamps also was much less than
that incidental to spraying.
To kill young moths or larvae which
could not fly to the burning lamp Frazier
placed fly paper around the trunks of his
trees. Above this he wound burlap bands
to klep the paper from the air. When
ycunpr moths began ascending the tree
trunks to reach the branches they were
caught on the sticky paper and died.
TACOMA, March 13.— What is believed
to be an effectual method of conquering
codlln moths has been discovered by C.
K. Frazier, an experienced horticulturist
of Walla Walla County. For several
years since codlin moths began to damage
the fruit crop of this State Frazier has
been experimenting. Last year he ! suc
ceeded in producing a splendid crop of
apples and other fruits, while orchards
adjoining his bore fruit that was badly
worm-eaten.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 13.-Late this
afternoon the work of harmonizing the
conflict over Cuban reciprocity had pro
gressed so far that a committee of con
ferees or arbitrators representing the two
sides of the controversy assembled to
frame a compromise agreement. The
meeting occurred in the private quarters
of the Ways and Means Committee room,
¦with Chairman , Payne and Representa
tives. Dalzell and, Cannon present In be
h,alf. of the Ways and Means reciprocity
element, while live members of the op
'positlon, namely Representatives Metcalf
of California, Dick and Tayler of Ohio,
Fordney of Michigan and Morris of Min
nesota, acted as arbitrators in behalf of
the Republicans who have resisted the
Ways and. Means original plan of 20 per
cent reciprocity for an unlimited period
l'he conlerence lasted about two hours
ai.d was not productive of final results,
an adjournment being taken until 2 p. m.
to -morrow. All the plans of compromise
that have been suggested were reviewed,
particularly that limiting the reciprocity
period until December, 1903. Beyond dis
cussing the several plans no action was
tuken. When the conference closed It
was stated that the discussion has been
along sucu harmonious •• lines ' that an
agreement seemed assured." Chairman
l'ayne and his associates seemed to be
ltss confident than the other conferees
that an agreement was in sight. Prior
to the meeting of tho arbitrators the ele
ment opposing the Ways and Means plan
assembled to determine on a course of
action. It was decided to name five con
ferees Instead of three, in order to make
tne body more representative of the vari
ous sections interested. It was also
deemed desirable 'not to give the con
ferees power to make terms/ but only to
consider and report back. This precau
tion was taken in order that there might
r? a full understanding of the compro
mise plan by all of those who opposed
the original Ways and Means plan. Rep
resentative Tawney: of Minnesota, who
directed the contest at the outset, wa&
asked to go on the conference, but he de'
clined, and instead nominated the com
mittee of five subsequently named by the
conference.
Bowdcn's fingernails were torn off,
showing that he too had made a des
perate struggle for his life. Sherbert's
feet and hands are badly frozen and his
feet may have to ba amputated. He was
clad In a thin shirt during the time he
was fighting for his life.
Sherbert was awakened and found' him
self packed in snow. With' great' effort
he managed to make his way to 'liberty
and daylight after thirty-six hours of
a struggle. He reached daylight yester
day. He was compelled to scoop the
heavy snow out in front of him and roll
it into balls and pull it under his body
as he toiled toward the surface. Sher
bert made his way laboriously to the
Molly Gibson mine, where ho induced the
Italian laborers there under promise of
$10 to go to his companion's relief. They
shoveled thy snow off Bowden until they
came to his head and then they saw that
he was dead. ¦ The body was taken out
to-day.
-VANCOUVER, B. C. March 18.— Fred
Lowden and Chris Sherbert were sleeping
in, a- cabin at the foot of the main Ko
kanee ranch near Nelson, about 1000 feet
below the summit, last Monday night
when a snowslide occurred. It ; swept
down upon the cabin, cut off the roof
and . plied the snow in the interior and
for ten feet above the structure. ¦¦ ¦-. -¦;;¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Man Killed and
Another Injured in
Northern Orchardist In
vents a Unique
System.
Committee Meets to
Frame Compromise
Agreement.
FIGHT FOR LIFE
IN A SNOWSLIDE
The Post to-morrow will say that Sena
tor Dietrich of Nebraska proposes a ¦ new
plan in 'connection with the Panama offer,
whereby tho $40,000,000 nhalll be withheld
until it is shown that the canal can be
constructed for $200,000,000, the estimated
cost. If, when completed. It Hhall ,havo
cost this Government $160,000,000. tho ad
ditional $40,000,000 Hhnll bo paid - to thd
Puniima Company. • If. on the other hand,
the cannl costs $2u0,O00,0O0, thon tho com
pany will forfeit the amount of connlder
ntlon It nskfl of u»,~ Senator Dietrich »«yn
h« tnlk«ri tho rnattor over with the ngnnt
of thn ChiihI ¦ Company, nnd the lntter
thought tho company would be willing to
neefpt tho proposition.
.Senator Morgan, in. reporting the Hep
burn bill, said that there would be no
long written report from the majority of
the committee.- He would, however, pre
sent to the Senate all the reports of the
various sub-committees which have con
sidered the different, points of the con-'
troversy and also tho testimony, which
has been taken by the committee on the
subject of canals.' This testimony will
cover 1500 pages of printed matter and
goes back to the time when the charter of
tho old Panama Company was first
granted.
The members of the Senate steering
committee are. not; prepared to state at
this time when they will give the canal
bill the right of way.
CALL EUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.j WASHINGTON, March 13.—Impor
tant developments have cleared away
the diplomatic obstructions to the Hep
burn canal bill, which passed the House,
and Senator Morgan favorably reported
it to the Senate to-day without amend
ment. The bill is now on the Senate cal
endar and Ms chances of being brought
to a vote during the present session are
said by its friends to be better than ever.
Just before the final vote in the Commit
tee on Interoceanlc Canals was taken
Senator Morgan made an important state
ment, as the direct result of a conference
at the State Department with Secretary
Hay, relating to the attitude of Nica
ragua, Costa Rica and Colombia. Mor
gan was instructed by the committee to
confer with Secretary Hay concerning
certain points' in the diplomatic negotia
tions, and his statement to the commit
tee, approved by the Secretary, leaves the
way clear for the bill so far as our diplo
matic relations' with the Central Ameri
can countries are concerned. It was first
found at the State Department by Sena
tor Morgan that the negotiations, with
Costa Rica can be concluded at the con
venience of the United States and without
any disagreement as to details. The sec
ond basis of negotiations with Costa Rica
and Nicaragua conforms .to the canal
rights and privileges referred to in tho
treaty ratified between the United States
and Great Britain, viz., a perpetual lease
of the canal belt from ocean to ocean,
with the right-on the part of the United
States to construct, own, control, manage
and protect the canul and to collect and
appropriate all tolls and income of the
canal for the benefit of 'the United States
in the belt six miles wide. . This belt may
be increased during the construction to a
¦ width of ten miles at the option of the
United States. Third, for the lease, rights
and privileges granted the United States
will pay Costa Rica $1,000,000 ninety days
after the ratification of the treaty and
after that $10,000 annually. The , United
States will pay Nicaragua $6000 without
any additional stipend. \.
' The protocols agreed to and signed in
December, 1900, by the United States,
Costa Rica and Nicaragua, remain with
out alteration or dissent on the part of
the governments named. • •
Senator Morgan .learned . at the depart
ment that the former Minister from Co
lombia, Senor Sllva, had an informal con
versation with the Secretary of State on
the subject of concessions along the Pan
ama route, but made by this Government.
Senor Silva has taken leave of the United
States as Minister from Colombia, and
Senor Concha has been appointed to suc
ceed him, but has not presented his cre
dentials. The majority of the committee
bfilieve it is not advisable to wait for a
long period of years for propositions from
Colombia, so long as there la a clear cut
proposition from Nicaragua and Costa
Morgan Reports Favor
ably on It Without •
Amendment.
Jerry Harris, the man killed to-day, and
Ernest ' Thompson both have good con
duct records in San Quentin and have
never been in trouble there.- Harris was
about 46 years old and was sent here from
Fresno for ten years on a felony charge.
He was born in New York and was a
butcher by trade. • • . •;
O'Conners station Miller jumped through
an open window, although shackled with
a ten-pound "Oregon boot."
HEPBURN GANAL
BILL IN SENATE
Immense Amount of Explosive to Be
Used in Eailroad Work in
Nevada.
SACRAMENTO, March 13.— A remark
able scene will enacted next Sunday
morning at Clark Station, near Winne
mucca, Nev. The Central Pacific Rail
road is changing its route in that vicinty
and the problem was presented whether
it would be better to tunnel the road
through a mountain or blow a cut
through it. The latter resort was decided
upon and preparations are under way ac
cordingly. Three carloads of giant powder
have been utilized to prepare the blast.
The grand spectacular demonstration
will take place next Sunday morning,
when the giant powder will be set off. It
is expected that the earth and rock will
fly in all directions and that when the
workmen approach the spot they will find
that the mountain has been practically
obliterated. ' ¦
CARLOADS OF POWDER
WILL BEOT> A MOUNTAIN
SAN QUENTIN 'PRISON MUR
DERER AND CONVICT HE
STABBED TO DEATH.
PLOTS THE DOOM
OF CODLIN MOTH
Ortiz at the commencement of the at
tack rushed to call, a guard. John Con
nell responded and ordered the men to
slor. their fighting. The jute mill guard's
only weapon is a cane and a club. Con
nell raised his cane to ward off a knife
thrust, whereupon Miller took hold of
Harris was leaning back in his chair
sewing sacks. Miller rushed at him, knife
in band, and dealt him six blows-. After
the first blow Harris attempted to rise
from his chair and thus received cuts
from his breast to his abdomen. Al
though badly wounded, he grappled his
antagonist and fought until assistance
arrived.
Seizing an iron bar, Miller dealt Thomp
son a vicious blow over the head, felling
him instantly. Turning around to where
his coat was hanging, he took a knife out
of his pocket and then rushed through the
door into an adjoining room, where Har
ris and others were sitting down at work.
The man who did the killing is Frank
Miller. Jeremiah Harris is the name of
tho victim. Miller had been negligent in
his work, thereby necessitating more la
bor on the part of Harris and another
convict " named Ortiz. These two men
complained to the convict boss, Ernest
Thompson, for several days about Miller's
work, and Thompson reprimanded him.
This morning Harris objected to doing
so much pf Miller's work, whereupon
Thompson went to Miller and informed
him that the kind of labor he was per
forming would not be permitted. Milter
demanded to know who said he was not
doing his share of the work. The convict
boss mentioned Harris and Miller became
angry.
inmates of the. institution stabbed
and killed a fellow-convict and endeav
ored at the same time to increase the
number of his crimes by shedding the
blood of other men who happened in his'
murderous way.
SAN QUENTIN, March 13.—Mur
der was committed within the
walls of the State prison here to
day. One of the most, desperate
PRESCOTT, Ariz., March 13.— Articles
of incorporation were filed yesterday by
the "Wireless ¦ Telephone Company of
America. The lncorporators are J. B.
Green, W. B. Whelpley and TV*. T. Qulnn,
all of New York. The capital stock 13
stated at 55.000,000, divtdad; Into 5.000.000
shares of $1 each.
Articles Filed Place the Capitallza-
tioa at Five Million
Dollars.
WIRELESS TELEPHONE
COMPANY TJTCOBPORATES
CONFEREES WORK
ON CUBAN TANGLE
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The House
to-day closed general debate on the Post
office appropriation bill and completed
consideration of twelve of the twenty
seven pages of the bill. No amendments
were adopted. The principal portion of
the general debate to-day was devoted to
the discussion of the appropriation for
several mall facilities. Jenkins of Wis
consin presented a detailed statement of
his reasons for his theory that Cuba is
now under the sovereignty of the United
States, which sovereignty, he contends,
cannot be alienated without an act of
Congress. Jenkins' views attracted much
attention. , . *¦•» ¦:•;¦:.:• .
Debates in the House.
Hanna went on to say. that. Berry had
urged that the enormous power and in
fluence of Morgan • . and his associates
would be brought to bear on Congress to
secure the admission of the foreign-built
vessels to American register. That was
gratuitous. If it were true, this bill
would offer little inducement to thoae
owners, as by having their vessels
brought under American register they
would participate in the very profitable
coastwise trade- of the United States..
Perkins of California, a member of the
Commerce Committee, made an extended
speech in support of the pending measure.
He believed it. was the duty of the coun
try . to try the experiment proposed. If
it prove to be a failure it couid be re
pealed by Congress, but he was satisfied
that in its operation it would be a great
success. Every American citizen, he said,
was interested either directly or indi
rectly in the bill. He was satisfied it will
be as far reaching in Its good results as
any piece of legislation that had been
before Congress for many years. As a
shipping" man, Perkins pointed out that
the proposed subsidy, or differential, as
he preferred to call it, would not "begin
to pay one-half of the operating expenses
of the ship," therefore, he maintained,
the criticism of the measure because it
did not contain the provision of the bill
of last year that a vessel must carry at
least 50 per cent of her cargo capacity In
order to participate in the subsidy, could
not be operated except at a loss, and
"Yankees are not- in the habit of doing
business In that way."
Could 1 Get Coastwise Trade.
"To" say," declared Hanna, with some
warmth, "that the Senators on this side
ol the chamber who are favoring this
measure" are thereby fostering a power to
build up a monopoly or to favor any syn
dicate is unfair. If a newspaper report
is to be» taken as-proof to sustain the
statements that have been made it is
hardly worthy of consideration. Not one
ton of these foreign-built vessels, if pur
chased by Americans, could be admitted
to American register or receive any bene
fit under the ship subsidy bill and no one
knows that better than the Senator from
Arkansas." •
Hanna replied to" some of the ¦ polntq
made by Berry and" a brief colloquy en
sued, participated , in byTHanna, • Beri-y,
Spooner.'and Clay. ••. ¦.'< . <
WASHINGTON, March 13.— After ' the
passage of a considerable number of un*
objected bills to-day the Senate resumed
consideration of the ship subsidy measr
ure. Berry of Arkansas, ! a member of
the Commerce Committee, 'which reported
the bill, made a. vigorous argument in op
position'to it.. : , ¦¦ : ¦¦•; . "
In the Senate to-day Penrose favorably
reported the Mitchell-Kahn Chinese ex
cluslbn bill and it was placed on the
calendar.
Actual work on the bill began at the
afternoon cession. The first nine pages,
including the important exclusion sec
tions, were approved with a few verbal
changes. The part approved also covers
the provisions preventing Chinese labor
ers from going to the Philippines or from
coming from the Philippines to this coun
try. The action of the committee on the
exclusion section was practically unani
mous. The remainder of the bill, yet to
be passed upon, covers administrative de
tail. »o that the action to-day insures the
report of the Mitchell-Kahn exclusion
measure with amendments clearly re
stricting It to Chinese laborers.
WASHINGTON, March 13.-The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs to-day
voted against considering the bill of Rep
resentative Sherman of New York con
tinuing the existing Chinese exclusion act
and then voted to proceed by continuous
sessions with the consideration - of the
Mitchell-Kahn rigid exclusion . measure,
having the Indorsement of the Pacific
Coan Senators and Representatives in
Congress. The vote against the Sherman
bill in understood to have been 6 to 7.
When this measure was laid aside there
•was general concurrence on going on with
the Mitchell-Kahn bill. The actual work
on this bill by sections began this after
noon and Is likely to proceed, uninter
ruptedly until results are secured.
Most Important Sections Are
Adopted, With a Few
Verbal Changes. /
Perkins Also Speaks in
Favor of the Pending _
::¦%. Measure.
the cane and tried to gain possession of
it. After tl desperate struggle the guard
subdued the infuriated convict. Thomp
son was found unconscious where he had
fallen and Harris . was discovered just
outside the door dead. The injured man
was' taken to the hospital and the assail
ant-to a dungeon.
To-day's affair is the first serious
trouble occurring in the prison during the
pagt.three. years. FranH. Miller is ooe of
the most desperate- men in San Quentin,
as well as notorious throughout the State.
He was convicted in Lassen County for
killing: a man and sentenced to life im
prisonment. After being taken to San
Quentin he gained a rehearing, and upon
the second trial was sent to prison for
manslaughter "to serve seven years. He
has served' about four years of this time.
When en route to prison the last time
Miller escaped from an officer while on
the train. As the train • was leaving
Mitchell-Kahn Measure
Is Taken Up by House
Committee.
Berry.
Hanna Warmly "Replies
to Opposition ot ;^::
SENATORS ARGUE
SHIP SUBSIDIES
EXCLUSION BILL
MEETS APPROVAL
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
Desperate Offender Ends One Life With a
Knife and Tries to Add to Crimes.
SAN QUENTIN PRISONER
KILLS FELLOW-CONVICT
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION I
SALE OF I
JEWELRY I
TO-DA Y I
FRIDAY, MARCH 14th 1
On account of dissolution of co- h
partnership our entire stock of n
Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, H
Cut Glass, Sterling Silver and H
Plated Ware will be sold without U
reserve. Kj
SALES DAILY I
AT 10:30 AND 2 O'CLOCK 1
LUNDBERG & LEE I
Jewelers and Silversmiths 1
232 Post Street i
| PERCY GREER, Auctioneer. ||
ATTENTIOIi,
VOTERS!
Registerjt Once.
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m.,. and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.-
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
§MM. VIGOR. VITALITY tor ML.N
MORMON BISHOP'S, PILLS
have been In use over lif ty
years by the leaders of thr
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst esses In old and younj,-
erisine from effects of- self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lo«t
Manhood, Impotency, ' Lost
Power. Klcht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desire*. Lame' Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Ivo.'s of semen. /¦» >-y VarlrnceleorCen.
ttlpatlon. Stop N«r z% tt 3 vous Twltchlnnof
Eyelids. Effects are lmnicdlate. im-
part vltor and pole cen ' 3 ncy to every func-
tion. Don't cet drepondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; f.Oc a box: 0 for
C2 to by mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
mor.ry refunded with A boxes. Circulars free
Adams BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.
Ban Francisco. Cal. CHANT DRUG CO., 3$
and «0 Third street. '
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WrNSLOW'3 €OOTHING SYRUP
hat betn used for over SIXTY YEARS *>'r
MILLIONS of MOTHEUS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHINO, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT BOOTHES th« CHILD. BOFTENS
th« GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is th« best remedy for DIAll-
RBOEA. Bold by Drujrvlsts In every part of
the world. Ba sura and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S E00THIN0 SYRUP
AND TAKD NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cenf m Bottlo.
Thia elgnaturo is on every box of tho genoln*
Laxative Bromo»QuinincTibi«u
Mstt niu*Ay that mix ¦ m rold |u out? dm&
HI Bacillus of Grip Magnified 16,000 Times.
Epidemic Started ' fa It Has Already Crossed
Russia and West- P^#^ u ]^.^ England and the At-
Moving Rapidly West- jji ern ea oast °^ the
* * ' ¦*¦ . hm ¦ ¦ , *¦ ""1, T~
(Special Cable from London.) .'-Zi X'2
'.' ."The Epidemic Will Be General All Over the United States in a Few Days."
Mrs. TheophileSchmitt, « '••••'• ; Almost everybody
wife of the ex-Secre- ,* << i\/i rr ni /"> A I TAI I/"" Qa\/e« ' I knows that Peruna will
tary of ; the- German lVlllDlL/AL- l/\l-l\ Odyo. t cure acute, catarrh. But
SfiSKS? 1 le^eV" fro h rS Speaking of remadies for la grippe, the editor of Medical ™£™y s k ™ P V^cme
Chicago a ii1 8h avenue> talk, one of the popular medical journals of the present \ fSS&f liTey dfd
wtth'aw^ftTcki? ' : {imB ' sa y s: "Whatever may be said against > proprietary medi- J rh^mTsufetyTf
taJrfeS f Aft!" using !! cines in a general way, the fact remains that there are more j a cure asm any other
i h f e o e U n b d 0tt tn^°ii P e e r r i n n« People who rely upon Peruna as a remedy for la grippe than \\ Already the Sis
had drsa P peared."-Mr P s use all other remedies combined. No other remedy is so I e P run a ilTpronfptS
-^Representative J. h. I widely used and implicity balievad in as a remedy for la ,, unfailing remedy for la
Caldwell. from Benton, grippo OS Peruna. There is no way to account for this fact \\ S T ?.e demand for Pvru-
••i^ve found Peruna !! except that Parana is what the people believe it to be— a j S.d N \ve h st S °i3 th> taxfng
IgJSAo? ffgSKS specific for la grippe." \ the
•cfldwSl ' • sometimes rages a3
, Congressman George H. White, from La Grippe Is Epidemic Catarrh. an epidemic. _ „,„„« wm
Tarhnrn NT p sava- -r > • . » t. » n i. n j v^ ¦The present epidemics or la gripjpe will
larisoro, in. i^., says. . La g r i ppe i 3 acute catarrh excited by f *.__,£, t hi« demand four-fold.
"Innd Peruna to be an excellent rem- peculiar climatic conditions. It sweeps ln^ ° Juto, for the manufacture ol
edy for the grip. I am more than satis- across a continent in a single week, like The : resoi urces "[. V£ d m Thls a^ t £
fled with it "'-Congressman George H. the blizzard of winter or the^hot wave p « r "i?f /"and mav exceed the possible
White. of summer. It does not depopulate whole dinar* demand may exceea we pobsidio
iT-,n t«it« m r PiHii of Omaha Nohr villages like the black plague, nor deso- supply 01 u.
writJV- Omaha, Nebr., , ate £ hQme Ukg mallgnant dlpht heria. but Every Person, Especially Every
"I am 68 years old. am hale and hearty. J'^^ntl'y' fflf Ind^ay^weTk StS? Family,
and Peruna has helped me attain It Two incessantly, night and day. weeK alter themselves at once with
Sair^^V^e^nirrv^me^iHTn 3 Since 185O Br. Hartman * S^^'of this weU-te*ted remedy for
Janies R. Guill. Has t>assed through four or five epi- la Knppe. neeular urescrio-
Mrs. Harriet A. S. Marsh, president of *«*£ £*$&* eSsfve^pra^tic^o? tl^f^^art^torSvS^^SS.
the Woman's Benevolent Association of he .has conducted ai n exte n^ve practlce_ol J 10 J| ° r b^ me tne safeguard of thousands
Chicago, writes: Srfbe for sf many patient^ His exjferl- of housiholds. In ttuTmidst of this epi-
"I suffered with grip seven weeks eSln'cFimaUc* disease" 6^ bein. simply demic no on e sh o^d fall to take a dose
Nothing helped me. Tried Peruna and nrodiKlous °* Peruna before each meal to guard
within three weeks I was fully restored. v Thousands of patients are continually against the possibility of an attack.
Shall never be without it again."— Mrs. under his directions, either personally or Those stricken with the disease should
Harriet A. S. Marsh. .- by correspondence. The Doctor's fame in begin with teaspsoonful doses of Peruna
La grippe has always been a peculiarly treating la grippe is known from the At- every hour and MBttaw until the^acute
dreaded as smallpox, but its number of yet lost a case of la grippe, and is en- to continue the treatment until complete
victims are greater than either. thusiastic in the conviction that he never recovery.
&£3gg3»&&tt? ¥M "'"' »». HW-.* remedy.
limited localities HHe malaria. It Is in forty years is Peruna. Peruna is a scien- * e »*«"?;* to glve you n s vaiuaDle *°
the air everywhere. It is of climatic tlflc catarrh specific. It cures catarrh vl^f ra r,% > _ rTa -t man t>t*«m*tH- of Th«
origin. No man can escape from it, no whether acute or chronic. Dr. Hartman, Preside at of The
woman is safe from it. ' La grippe is simply acute catarrh. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
We are now showing a j!
Ill 111 1 llNsls^br1?W 1 spring shirts that will give jj
ll fill ill III what will be worn this sea- jj
ij III lllll .1 li IIMl l.mLlLiLJiil I 1 ,, ,11 Li black or pink stripes; the fj
I body is made of plain cot- B
jj ton, tan color, and matches the front perfectly. The ||
| shirts go on sale to-day at [j
|| Out-of-town orders tilled — write us. , [I
sn Wood &fi) I
I . 718 Market Street
I . , |^
I A Flash of Light
II In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious ;
I California Limited
|j gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
I . San Fran cisco to Chicago In three days
| on theSAN DIEGO, March 13.— J. Marshall
Brooke was sentenced in the Superior
Court to-day to thirteen years in San
Quentin. Brooke was a partner In crime
of J. Todd Johnson, who was sentenced
last Tuesday to three years in the same
prison. Both men were convicted of cat
tle stealing. This is Brooke's second con
viction. 1 . .
J. Marshall Brooke Goes to Jail.
At tiie same time the shot was fired
«»veral bricks were thrown into the car,
and Private Burgess was struck on the
right knee and painfully Injured.
NORFOLK. Va., March 13.— Strike sym
pathizers threw bricks and then fired a
plftol shot In a street car at the line of
the city limits to-night and Private Han
ley was wounded in the right thumb. The
same shot caused a large piece of glass
to Etrike Sergeant Carr and cut his face
severely.
Militiamen Are Injured.
NEW^YORK, March 13.— The steamer
Westcrnland, from Philadelphia, which
the Italian steamer Sardegna yesterday
reported as having been spoken March 11
about 400 miles east of Sandy Hook with
htr low pressure crankpin brokon and re
turning to New York under her own
su-am, reached this port to-day. A spare
piece of machinery is all ready to replace
the W esternland's broken crankpin, and
in two or three days repairs will be com
peted and the Westernland made to con
tinue her interrupted vo/age.
Crippled Steamer Arrives.
The first option given was to expire on
March 15, but it has been extended until
June 20, and the million dollars has been
paid. Yrnterday the Canada Atlantic di
rector* decided to issue bonds to the ex
ttnt of $11,200,000, and that figure Is be
lieved to fairly represent tho price to be
IKiJd by the Webb syndicate for the rail
way.
OTTAWA, Ontario, March 13.— One mil
lion dcllars In cash is said to have been
paid to tho directors of the Canada At
lantic Railway Company by the Webb
syndicate as a guarantee of good faith
that the purchase of that road will be
consummated.
Bought by Webb Syndicate.
CHICAGO. March 13.— Prelates of the
Koman Catholic church joined to-day
with laity and priests of Chicago and sev
eral other cities in paying tribute to the
memory of Mrs. Margaret Gertrude Ona
han, wife of William J. Onahan, who was
chairman of the great Catholic Congress
at Baltimore. The funeral services were
l£ Id , at n£ he 1 , I i ol>r F * m "y Jesuit Church,
Weet Twelfth and May streets, the
largest Catholic edifice in Chicago.
The structure proved inadequate to ac
commodate the thousands who densely
thronged the massive building and filled
the surrounding thoroughfares. Arch
bishop Ireland of St. Paul came to Chi
cago especially to preach the sermon.
His addresH was a tribute to Mrs. Ona
han's memory and her lifelong devotion
to charity. A solemn requiem mass was
cck-brated by Bishop Cotter.' Bishop
James McGoldrJck was assistant. Requiem
mUKlc was rendered by a apedal choir
end soloists. Burial was at Calvary Cem
etery.
Onahan at Chicago.
Burial of Mrs. Margaret Gertrude
Impressive Ceremonies Attend the
CATHOLIC PRELATES ¦ PAY
TRIBUTE TO HER MEMORY
Dow Is the son of a former Denver
banker, who was convicted of wrecking
the Commercial Bank of tnat city in 1894
Young Dow*s first matrimonial venture
was In 1892. when he married Millie Price,
a high kicker. She lost her Jab and the
two secured an engagement In a dime
museum. At that time the senior Dow
was reputed to be rich, but when the
dancer discovered that Instead of winning
a fortune she had gained only the bank
ers son. she secured a divorce. Dow then
joined the band of the First United States
Infantry and was stationed at Angel
Island, CaL But army life became irk
some and he deserted. When next Dow
was before the public he had eloped with
Miss Mae Inslow. daughter of the Sheriff
of Marysville, Cal. He was arrested for
desertion, but his father's Influence was
suSclent to secure, a pardon. Soon' the
second wife secured a divorce. Return
ing to Colorado. Dow secured employment
as a fireman on the Santa Fe Railroad.
From this employment he went to Chi
cago, where he met and won the present
Mrs. Dow, with whom he came to Los
Angeles Last December.
Young Dow has a remarkable record.
He has been married three times. The
present wife, who was Miss Bertha
Xeeley-Young, handsome and rich when
she married Dow, declares she will at
once seek a divorce. They were married
In 1898.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.-Clarence M.
Dow, who until a week ago was tally-ho
excursion agent at the Van Nuys Hotel,
Is In Chicago looking for his wife. But
he failed to tell for which of his wives he
Is searching. When Dow left Los Angeles
he made the move upon tho solicitation of
his wife, who agreed not to prosecute him
upon a charge of attempted murder If he
would leave.
Young Man Who Has a Scintillating
Matrimonial Record Appears
Once More.
CLAEENCE DOW LEAVES
IN SEARCH OF A WIFE
Emperor William's squadron anchored
in the Weser this afternoon, having cir
cumnavigated the island of Heligoland in
a vain attempt to land. Disembarkation
was prevented by the high seas.
Emperor William has received the fa
mous harbor engineer, Herr Franzlus and
has discussed with him a project to
deepen the channel of the Weser.
Herr Wiegrand. general director of the
North German Lloyd line of steamships,
who arrived from. New York to-day, has
been invited by the Emperor to meet him
at Bremerhaven to-morrow and sLccorn
pany him to Bremen. It Is presumed that
his Majesty desires to team the result of
the recent «U»*mshlp negotiations at Nfw
York, a% this was tho topic talked over
between the Emperor. Herr Wiegand and
Herr Ballin. general director of tho Ham
bure>Am«rlcan line, before the fcteamshlD
men werft to the United States.
Herr Wlegand. In an interview publUhed
In Bremen, pays that the shipping agree
ment in no way Infringed 'upon the In
dependence of the German companies, hut
tntt It will benefit both German lines,
layinar a tolld basis for constant freight
and passenger rate*. Herr Wiegand addM
that th« airr*«»ment was as yet provis
ional but that It would be published as
f°on ¦• >t was signed in a detlnlte form.
Ho Mid that personally h» was thorough
ly satisfied with the results of the nego
tiations.
The emigrant traffic of the North Ger
man Lloyd Company to New York Is so
heavy that it has compelled this company
to charter the steamship Batavia from
the Hamburg-American line to take 2000
emigrants to New York next Saturday.
This report has reached the American
embassy here. The members of Emperor
William's suite, however, declare these
arrangements to be uncertain. I It is
thought that the Emperor wishes to hav«
the first long talk with Prince Henry and
that this can be most comfortably ob
tained before the latter lands.
BERLJN. March 13.— Emperor William,
on board the battleship Wilhelm II, ana
accompanied by two or three other war
ships, may meet the North German Lloyd
steamer Dcutschlazid at sea and trans
ship Prince Henry to the German war
ship.
Arrangements for the Recep
tion Have Not Yet Been
Announced,
Emperor Is Anxious to
Talk With Him Be
fM? fore He Lands.
MAY CO TO SEA
TO MEET PRINCE
ENTERTAINS GUESTS WITH
DELIGHTFUL LUNCHEON
Mrs. Board man Invites Friends to Partake of
Hospitality in Honor of rirs. Robinson.
BOSTON STRIKE
IS AT END
Business |tf en and Gov
ernoiv Crane Effect
a Settlement.
Majority of the Old Hands
Will Regain the Positions
They Left.
BOSTON, March 13.— Through the
united . efforts of representatives of the
great mercantile bodies of the city, sec
onded by the chief executives of the city
in conference with the recognized leaders
of organized labor, tire great strike of
freight handlers and kindred trades rep
resented in the Allied Freight Transporta
tion Council was broken to-night. Fully
20,000 men, who have been idle for four
days, will, go to work in the morning.
This result was attained at a confer
ence this evening at the office of Gov
ernor Crane. Tho decision was at once
reported to the Allied Freight Transport
ation Council at a special meeting to
night and unanimously Indorsed.
Tho settlement was the result of an ex
pressed determination of Governor Crane
and those representing the merchants of
Boston to bring all possible pressure to
bear upon the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railway Company to adopt the
rules in {prce upon the Boston and Maine
Railroad, forbidding freight handlers to
unload teams except at their own option
and risk... .
All of the old men for whom places can
bo found will be Uikon back by the.rail
roads to-morrow, but owing to the sud
dennesH with which the utrlke was ended
and the largo number of new men who
have been Installed, it Is likely that many
of the old employes will find no vacancies
ready for them to-morrow. Eventually,
It Is believed, they all will regain tH'.ir
old positions.
BEV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE
IS TAKEN ILL IN MEXICO
Physicians Deem It Expedient to Re-
move Him to His Home in
Washington.'
NEW ORLEANS, March 13.— Rev. T. de
Witt Talmugo la retting quietly at the St.
Charles Hotel, greatly improved, and will
bo able to continue his journey to Wash
ington to-morrow. He arrived last night
from the City of Mexico, accompanied by
his wifo and daughter and Dr. Lawreno
SMelds. chief surgeon of the American
hoapital in the City of Mexico. Dr. Shields
gavo out tho following: •
Dr. T. da Witt Talmtga wa« attacked with
Influenza in Mexico City. March 3, two days
after his arrival. Owing to th« altitude of
that city it was deemed expedient to remove
him to his home In Washington. His present
condition is favorable having stcadliy Im
proved after leaving Mexico, the debility fol
lowing his malady being the only affection at
this time. He will bo able to resumo his work
In about two weeks.
SOCIETY BELLE OF THIS
CITY WHO DELIGHTS IN
TRAVEL.
The regular weekly concert for the
benefit of the sick soldiers at the Presidio
was given last night at the eeneral hos
pital. It was a sacred concert and was
MRS. HUNTINGTON DONATE3
A QUARTER OF A MHiLION
and Bacteriology in Memory
of Her Husband.
Will Erect Laboratory of Patheology
; BOSTON, March 13.— A gift of $250,000
from _ Mrs. Collis P. Huntlngton, an
nounced to-day, more than completes the
sum of $765,000 required to secure the sum
offered by John D. Rockefeller of New
York for the enlargement and endowment
of the Harvard Medical School. Mrs.
Huntington's subscription is specifically
for the erection of a building in memory
of her late husband, to be called the Col
lis P. Huntlngtcn laboratory" of pathe
ology and 'oacteriology.
With Mr. Rockefeller's gift and the
pledge made by J. P.. Morgan last June
to give three buildings . at a cost exceed
ing $1,000,000. an aggregate of $2,821,225 will
be available for the use of the medical
school. ,- /
will spend the summer, and will return to
the East in the fall. So popular a young
woman is bound to be In demand by so
ciety, and will have a good time wherever
she is.
ONE of the mott delightful lunch*
eons of the season was given yes
terday by Mrs. George C. Board
man In honor of Mr*. Edward
Moore Robinson of Philadelphia
at her residence, 1750 Franklin street.
The darwing-rooms were decorated 111
excellent taste and the luncheon table
wai made beautiful with lilies of the val
ley and tulips. Sixteen guests were en
tertalnod in a charming manner, and the
occasion wan thoroughly enjoyed by those
bidden to partake of Mrs. Boardman'B
hospitality. Those present were:
Mr*. Edward Moore Robinson, Mrs. George
W. Glbbe. Mrs. Charles Toy lor of Boston, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Horace D. Plllsbury.
Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. Florence Pope Frank,
Mrs. Chaunccy Rose Wlnslow, Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson, Mrs. A.
D. Keyes, Mrs. Hyde-Smith. Mrs. Henry J.
Crocker, Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase and
Mrs. Charles Joeselyn,
A small luncheon was given yesterday
by Mrs. J. Downey Harvey at her resi
dence, 2301 Pacific avenue, complimentary
to Miss Ethel Hager.
The literature section of the California
Club enjoyed a most interesting session
yesterday at the clubrooms. Their sub
ject was "Russians." Mme. Tojetti, the
chairman of the literature department,
presided.
Mrs. L>. L. Baker was hostess at a six
handed . euchre party and entertained
eighteem ladies most hospitably in her
apartments at the Palace Hotel Wednes
day afternoon. Dainty refreshments were
served and handsome prizes were offered
to the fortunate players. The prize-win
ners were Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. F. P.
Frank and Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock. Among
the guests were: ~
Mrs. James OUb, Mrs. William Thomas,
Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Miss Lorlng-, Mrs. B.
B. Cutting, Miss Smith. Mrs. Horace Davis,
Mrs. Dreyfogle, Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. S. W.
Rosenstock and Mrs. F. P. Frank.
Mrs. C. H. Taylor gave a very pretty
luncheon at the University Club on
Wednesday. Covers were laid for ten and
the luncheon was served in one of the pri
vate banquet rooms. The table was deco
rated with jonquils, tulips and snowdrops
and the effects produced were most
artistic.
Mme. Emma Nevada was guest of hon
or at a dainty luncheon given by Mrs.
Webber at the University Club on Sun
day last. Ten guests were present and a
_very pleasant afternoon was. passed.
George A. Newhall gave a dinner party
on Saturday evening at the University
Club. Fourteen ladies I and gentlemen
were present and thoroughly enjoyed the
cordial hospitality extended.
Miss Edythe Schmitt, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Maurice Schmitt, left yesterday
for Monterey, where she will remain for a
week. Mr. and Mrs. Schmitt, accompa
nied by their daughters. Miss Schmitt and
Miss Aimee, returned to the Palace Hotel
a couple of days ago after an extended
stay in New York. San Francisco society
will see very little of Miss Schmitt as she
leaves in April for Honolulu, where she
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALI^ FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
under the direction of W. S. Sutton. The
singers were llrae. G. Spitzy. Hugo
Pohem, A. Slmacopulus, tenor of the Rus
sian church, and Professor F. Zlliani.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures nil forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
have been weakened by powerful cath-
i artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
» M««y«n'i D> rprpsla Care correct* bleatinrol
the «oa»ch. pa!p:tttioa of the heart, shortae** of-
breath, and all • Section* of the heart caused bria-
tjijeiuoa. wind on the stomach, belching wind 01
•9ur i ood,bad taste, cSensive breath, loss of appetite,
taintness or weaknew of the stomach. Improper cir»
CttUtwa. eoatf d toncct, h*art-burn or wtter-br»sa.
v Ha Headache Cure stops headache ia 3 miantes.
, Munyon ¦ Pile Ointment cures all forms of piles.
Munjron's Blood Cure corrects all blood impurities.
Munyon s Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious-
Deys, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
j * a ayor.'s Asthma Cure and H erbs are guaranteed to
»5 ve * st km* in three minutes and enre in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never faiL
< Munyon's Vitali«r restore* lott poren to week
tatn. Price, $1. »
Monyon has a cere for every disease. The Guide
t* II ealth ( f rer ) tells of tiera. C»-es, mostly as cts.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia.
I HL.YTOVS IMJALEB CUBES C1TXBBH. I
TROOPS SICKEN
ATAGUflDULGE
General Castro Is Forced
to Withdraw Part of
His Command. .
rANAMA. March 13.— The representa-
tive here of the Associated Press hu
had an interview with the . man who
-, ¦ V." -with the Government General
Cvtro February 13. The person In
question was told that tbe Government
irocps would leave for Santiago and
VrrriRun. drl&klcf water being scarce at
Agua Dulc«. General Ortiz has already
\ left A£~ua. Dulce with 300 men and of the
'¦"'} who remained to defend the town
many were Eick because of the foul
drinking water. "When the revolutionary
General Uerrcra attacked Agua Dulce
February 20 the only source of water for
thp Government troops consisted of two
¦wells that had been hastily duff and which
were not rufflcient to supply the soldiers.
According to this Informant, General
Castro was forced to retire from Agua
Dulca* with from 400 to 500 soldiers suffer-
in - from thirst, although General Her-
rera In his official report of the en&as 1 ©-
rnpnt Fays General Castro had but 200
followers in organized form.
The revolutionists had fifteen colonels
and majors and seventeen officers of
lower rank killed during: the Agua Dulce
pngagTnents. News has reached here
that the Government generals Castro and
Ortis havr Just arrived at Colon with
400 men.- They left a strong garrison at
Bocas del Toro.
General Castro reports that the heavy
looses suffered by the forces under the
command of the revolutionary General
Herrera make it Impossible for the
revolutionists to attack the Government
troops for fomc time to come. This in-
formation has been received with great
enthusiasm here.
I/DXDON*. March 13.— The British Admir-
alty has contracted with various shipbuilding
companies for the construction of five flrst-
rlass and two third-class cruisers and two bat-
tleships. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men
Prof. Uborde's Wonderfsl French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mall.
No C. O. D. or Prescription Scheme.
OIHCOVERCU or "CALTJIOft."
"CALTUOS" U ptrt brf or. toii on It* ra«HU alOB*.
Zrj it end t>ut It lo lb» t*-*l. TUV IT ritKK.
8ead e» root t)»a« »&d «4drMi *n4 w« will mb4 700
«noucb "CALTIIO*" to U«t ti»» d«r«. It will b«
•ml la • wth-d porL act hf mull.
T1i« tamrrtloat Trmicb r«s>*6r H CALTIIOf " r*>
ccntlr Introduced in tbl« coa&trr by Tb« Von Mohl
»o.. of CiaeloDtU. Oblo, en* of tbn UrgMt, riebMt
nod BBOft respontibla borisem firnm la tb* Halted
HUtM. hM tttrocUd tb* fttUBtloa of tb* entlr* madl.
• i:l protection b*caot* of to* wonderful car** It h«i
«fl*ct*d. If ten «ofl*r from L/wt Minbood, Varioo.
I • «1«. WetkBM* of *sr n*tur* la th* F»iu»l Orcnn* or
Ml »rw. (no Bitter bow csnaetf) "CAI.TIIOh" will
r raster* roo.
"CALTIIO**U tb* £l*eOT*rr of Prof. Jala* La.
borde, famed in Paria aa Fraoo*'* foremost •pecialict.
"CALTHOS * la Ui* onlr nm*&r r*co»aited by th*
it.*'', icsil prof esoion a* a apecliic ear* for weak men.
"CALTno*" baa th« endorsement of tbe Germaa
•nd Freuch ffovernmanta, and is largely need la tb*
standing crmies of the** countries.
All corre*po&dence relating to the "CALTHOS"
•Vp&rtment of oar badness is strictly confidential.
Wt neither pnblish nor furnish testimonlali. •
im^THEVON MOHL CO., 215 B,
t*rge«t Importer* «f M*« Oar* fMUPlUI'l Tl #» i • 1 1%
r^numuik.1.!, CIKCIRNAT!, OHIO-
. __^ ;
_
visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
OF ANATOMY?
\ ,CjP ***"*' Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
0 iiiiftl 7°"^ Heajcne»e» or *n» contracted A
L JrSp'W • i ' i -* P»«"«»«-»r«-«r«<tiytheol(iett T
1 f-Z t'J 1 on tLe Coast. £*L 36 y«r t . O
1 fi^Sfi CR ' JCRDAH-DISEASES OF KEK d
A I ViJfiVS _ Ccin " : "*'-'on free and strictly rriTite. \
W 1 SkV B J reaan e n t personally or by i-tter. A J
fi W 1 fl " ntlv * Our «'ne»eryca»etmdertakea. T
Aril W _ w ':te for Book. PMIl,OBjOrny«f A
yl J|* SASf zx?« ""¦ r A ?
r OB. i«nDAX4(&, 1051 SfartcetSt-.S. P. f
i^'»^/»> < »^w%/*v^^^^a
>, (£%%,£ .
kmjm dgnatore ia en erery box of the genuine
Laxative Brcmo-Qumine Tablet*
fcfrs testedy ihzi cures a cold la «ne day.
SB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DID NOT KNOW SHE
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
V and Never Suspect It.
Gertrude Warner Scott Cured by the Great
Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root.
DR. KI1.MER & CO., Blnghaxnton. Nl T. Vlnt ° n ' l0Wa ' July "*'
Gentlemen— In the summer of 1833, I was taken violently 111. My trouble be-
gan with pain In my stomach and back, 10 severe that It teemed as If knives
were cutting me. I was treated by two of th© best physicians In the county.
and consulted another. None of them suspected that the cause of my troublo
was kidney disease. They all told mo that I had cancer of the stomach, and
would die. I grew so week that I could not walk any more than a child a.
month old. and I only weighed sixty pounds. Oue day my brother saw In a
paper your advertisement of Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy. He bought
me a bottle at our drug store *nd I took it. My family could see a chanee in
me. for the better, bo they obtained more and I continued the use of Swamo-
Root regularly. I was so weak and run down that it took considerable tini*
to build me up again. I. am now well, thanks to Swamp-Root, and weigh 141
pounds, and am keeping house for my husband and brother on a farm. Swamp-
Root cured me after the doctors had failed to do me a particle of good.
(Gertrude Warner Scott.)
¦Women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not cor-,
rectly understood; In many cases when doctoring they are led to believe that
womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible for their ills,
when In fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing trouble.-'.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for it»'
wonderful cures of the most distressing ¦ caaes. A trial will convince anyone—
and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail..
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or if there Is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail, im-
mediately, without cost to you. a sample, bottle of Swamp-Root, and a boolc
telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this
generous offer In- the San Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
i^^^^filffll MfilliSil^^ * sleeves, shoulders, button-holes and to you at a close profit. The mid- \™|f|^^
I Kllliilillffl SeamS are Wel1 workeci> tl1e P° ckets dleman's profit is your gain. See \^iiw\!i^®^ V \
\ lllfi ifilifif mlallllfllli If you don't find that the suit comes up Made of Uveed mixtures in mWmiM liliSwi.
lliiiilfmF/lfil'' IMiililli illi breasted styles and the patterns are nu- rnjc^ e by us * n our own workihops; we / //SKpfSf Iniat 1
b'I fiii 7 \i*P'!il e un * on labelt which the suits bear, and plaited front and back; ages 4 to 14; 7^^ M tt^A rilOAKLAND RACETRACK— Thursday,' March 13.— Weather showery. Track slow.
3431. FIRST RACE— B*$ furlongs: selling; maiden three-year-olds; to first, $325.
- . I ¦ i ¦¦ j '- , ¦ ,"• ' « ~^" .- ". \ ¦ V. BettlnR. '
Index [ Horse- and Weight. St. . "H- ?*• .Sir.. Fin." Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
K125 "Stfythrox ' lis'o S2 In 11 12 Elmwood Farm.-vTroxIer ¦' t 10
52KJ Yrsula "',,112 1 J V> 8 1 -2 1 2.*! .f. C. Nealon,.,J. Woods ¦,-..' .4 11-5,
.'KIM Baltest 109 4 4 n. 4 2.-4 1 IS ns B. Schreiber..Birkenruth « 20
.•{.'«>"• Sleeping Child ...109 2 2 2. .'! 2 .3% 42. J.J.Moran Frawley 00 20
"MO IOU ....'.7.109 1« 10 8 «2 -'5 15 1 CY W. Chaypell... Stuart 100 100
Uli'M Myriad Dancer ..110 » 5 5 "'5 2 6 2 «h : Papinta .-...Conley 20 * 20
,.... Rlonda ' .'.'.... 109 n 6 1 .7 J.i 7 1 7 J,i R. Hughes ..J. Daly 12 40
' ..". . Korest King Ti 112 S H 1) I ' 8 1 8 1 S. J. Jones. .... -Spargur .30 15
.... Syce }ou 7 7 h Sh-ll 1 !) -1 - J. D. . Lucas. . .Matthews -7 30
•T^{5 All 109 11 11 10 1 10 1 10 1 ' Al Leach... Prior 50 SO
3407 Blackthorn 117 3 . 8h 11 It It Burns & Waterhs-Ranch 7-5 8-5
Time — *i, :2C; 14, iSuT- 51/. f, 1:12. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and thfrd driving.
Winner, C. T. Boats' ch. c.'by Brutus-Mistletoe. Winner best. Yrsula ran to her notch.
Sleeping 1 Child- grew weary. Forest King was played: Blackthorn' pocketed soon after start
and messed about. IOU may settle up soon. Myriad Dancer showed speed. Scratched—
, Robert Bonner II 109."' ¦' . • s.; ;.-.¦;
K432. SECOND RACE— Six furlonga: selling:: three-year-olda and up; to first, $325. {
' " ..-.. ~- ~l . j ~ - - Betiinsr.
Index Horse,. Age, Weight. St. Vi- ¥*; 'Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. fCl. ;
2973 Mike Strauss, 6.. 109 2 12 13 14 14 W. K. Cotton Hoar 10 S
H400 Tizona, fi 109 8 4 Vi 4 n . 2 h 2 1 Partington Bros..O'Conn 5-2 ' '-i
OJ407) Rubino.a 97 0 2h 2 4 ;S% :t 2 Summers & Co.Birknrth 10 20
3414 Claraindo, « ..107 7 • 7 2 5 1 ¦> 5 1 4 i/j K. M.- Borchert... Woods 10 15"
<::201) Bere'ndos, 4 100 5 52 3n 4n5h Liberty Stable.. Mathews '.' 8 11-2
.*»19 Mocorlto.-a 107 I t> 2 Bl'.-fll- 0 1 O. A. Tolle ....Flick 10 -25
' 8419 Goia Baron, 0... .100 10 • 0 '/& '•* 1 .-1 1 7 1 H. L. - Haskell..Winslette 30 100:
.'{.•K>2 M. L.Rothchild, 4.112 9 " 8 h 8 1 8 1 8 1 - J. M. Crane Troxler 10 15
•>408 Doreen, ::.. OS It 10 4 7 1 !» 4 9 4 Bums & Waterhs. Ranch 2 '9-5
GU03) Kstado. 3... 103 4 I! h 10 1 10 1 -10 1 G. W.Baldwin.. .L. Daly 8 10
|3.t73.UBkip-,Me.-4riT ..... 1 07 \ X 11 11 11 11 jCovington & CcVickeryl 3.0 « 100.
ITime — '4. :2i>}i; Jiflsi; %. 1:17%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third flrivipg. :
• Winner, W. E. Cotton's br. e. by Iroquois- Gypsy. Mike Strauss had vrorked well and di>i :
• not bleed. Rubino l:angs on better than he formerly did. . Berendos seemed to tire. Doreen
__on|yj>havved a flash of. speed. Estado cut off. Scratched — Senora Caesar 107. • j
::433. THIRD RACK — Four furlbnga; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325. •
, . . I i ~ I Betting. .•
Index Horse and Weight. St. Vt- %• nStr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. [Op. Cl.
"415 Mgrette 107 3 ... 2h 2h 1% Jennings & Co.. J. Woods 3-5 1-2|
...420 Delsegno 110 1 ... 1 Vi 1 n 2h Chinn & Forsythe.. Conly 5 6
:<3420) rjuida 103 2 . . . 3 h- .3 h 3 4 A. B. Spreckels..Birkrth : 4' 9-2
3427 Hudson ; 10C 4 ... 4 5 ,4 4 4 10 B. Schreiber Ransch 5 l.l
-»415 Dug Martin 1 . ..... 100 0 ... ¦ B .- 5 5- L. A. Blasingame.. J.Daly ' 100 C 20(>.
Time — %, :2G; J.}, ;51. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving. Winner, 1
; W. B. Jennings & Co.'s blk. f. by Midlothian-Twinkle. Woods on winner kept very busy.!
Close between nest two. Hudson has gone back. ¦ ' ¦ ' •'.'. , ¦-.¦;¦ :,. ':
JM.'M. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $S2o. !
Index Horse,. Age. Wcight.|St. Vi- Vi- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op! "ci. '
i341C) Impromptu, 4 ...110 4 4 4 1 n 1 h Montana Stable.. J Daly 1 0-10
342.1 Bragg. 3 ..101 1 11 lh 2 3 2 4 Curl & Co Ransch 3 3
3393i MacGyle, 5 108 2 2 U, 3 1 . H i 3 B, Elmwood Farm. .Troxler 7-5 ' ' :{>
:«5G Barnato, a .111" 3 3 1 2 3 4 4 J. J. Shannon.. .. Conley II) ¦ 1{ !
Time— Vt. :25i4; i y i. ;50Vi: ?i. 1:17U; vs. 1:31. Good start. Won first three driving. '¦
Winner, Montana Stable's b. h. by CrescVndo-Amida. Impromptu ran a game race after
getting away none too well. Bragg showed Improvement. . MacGyle should be hard to beat'
; next time; Troxler rode a sadly misjudged race. Barnato outran himself for a piece.
3435. FIFTH RACE — One mile; Castro handicap; threr-year-olds and up; to first, ?400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. }»• %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. .' Op? °ci.
3231 The Giver. 3 10.5 .1 2 3 3 h 2 .2 1 n Elmwood Farm.. .Ransch "5^2 5T2
3418 Waterscratch, 3 ..100 5 6 1 -"4 2 1 1?J 2 R Summers & Co..Birkrth a 9-°
(3411) ICol. Ballahtyne, 4.109 R f. 5h 3n 3 2\f, James Wilson.. ..Troxlerl 5 4
3393 I Frangible. 5 101 2 »jn 2h . 44 4 5 F. D. Boas Knappl 10 «>ti
3411 Galanthus. 4 95 1 4 1 (i 6 6 5 J. Coffey J Daly 3 ?-¦ 8
(33H9) Duckoy. S .. 112 4 12 12 5 8 »; • G. B. Morris. .O'Connorl 3 4
Time— M, -.25^4; 'A, :51 J ,^; =54. lilS: mile, 1:44. Good start. Won first three driving \»in
1 . ner. C. T. Boots' br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift. Duckoy galloped for six furlongs and then
retired. The Giver much the best. Was pocketed on the rail for three-eighths of a mile
I Waterscratch closed fast through the stretch; Colonel Ballantyae had a rough trip.
3430. SIXTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index jHorse, Age, Weight. St. %• Vi- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O*p? UU ci'.
3429 Grand Sachem, a. 101 2 3 n 3 h 1 n . 1 h J. J. Moran Stuart 6 s
(3422) I Sunello, C ...101 1 ¦ 1 IVi 1 h 2 4 2 5 M. Storn . .. .Birkenruth a 5
.-W97 Cougar, 4 104 3 2 1 Vi 2 3 3 2 3 7 Elmwood Farm.. .Ransch 6-5 «-5
3:599 Aloha II & 105 4 4 2 4 5 4 10 4 15 Jones & Co Troxler 4 is. 5
3424 Major Hooker, a.. 101 7 7 4 5 1 5 1 5 1. X. M. Jortall Dyer 100 200
3130 Senator Matts. 0.105 5 5 Vi « 2 66 KS H. L. Haskell..Winglette 40 .50
34:50 Merops. 6 .......101 « 0 3 7 10 7 10 7'8 F. D. Weir Hoar 6 0
,3407 The Fiddler. 4.. .107 S 8 8 8 8 J. H. Walker. . .Frawley 100 200
Time— %, :25: Vi. :51: K: F .1:1»: m, VAWl 1 1 -16m. 1:51%. Good start. W"on first three
driving. AVinner, J. J. Moran's b. g. by Tammany-Belinda. Sachem probably a bit short in
his previous race. Too much use maUe of Sunello. Cougar has rickety knees and save
it up. Aloha cut oft! on back stretch. Merops had no speed.
Selections for To-Day.
' First race— The ,ForuKi, • Clarinette, Tem-
HAMII/TOX, Bermuda, March 13. — The im
perial German yacht Hohenzollern arrived her*
to-day, from New York March 11.
A rummage sale and bazaar will be held
by the ladies of the Mizpah Presbyterian
Church at 417 Fourth "street Saturday.
The bazaar will remain open every day
except Sunday until March 22. .
Will Hold Rummage Sale.
prano.
I Second race — Yellowstone, Dulcimer, Tufts.
Third race — Oro Vivai Venecia, J. H. Ben
nett.
Fourth race— Sweet Tooth, Princess Titania,
The Pride. -
Fifth race — Herculean, Bangor, Irate.
Sixth "race— Lady Sterling.- Quiet. King Del
lls.. .
The Supreme Court yesterday granted
Elizabeth Kirby's petition for a new trial
in the Kirby ranch case. William Hoff
man claimed that he bought a portion of
the ranch on false representations, and
brought suit against Mrs. Kirby to re
cover damages. The lower court allowed
his claims, but the Supreme Court has
found fatal defects in the proceedings.
New Trial for Kirby Ranch Case.
One of the Leading Features
Of San Francisco, as much so as the Park
or the Presidio, is the Diamond Palace at
221 Montgomery street. It 1s a marvel of
beauty, and its proprietor. Colonel A. An
drews, enjoys the distinction of being pro
prietor of the most beautiful diamond
store In the world. It is a fairyland of
dazzling lights and flashing gems, deco
rated in the most artistic manner. No
one should visit San Francisco without
eeeins? Andrews' Diamond Palace. •
It was stated by A. E. Acklom that
several months ago Frank Ellsworth pre
f^nted a petition for a public /golf course
to the Park Commissioners, but no ac
tion was taken upon it. Park Commis
sioner R. H; Lloyd has been approached
on the subject and has expressed himself
ay willing to consider any plan presented
on its merits. A committee consisting of
Frank Ellsworth, A. E. Acklom and H. C.
Golcher was appointed to consult Super
intendent- McLaren about a suitable site
for links and to prepare an estimate of
the probable cost, to be laid before the
Commissioners. S. L. Abbot Jr. prom
ised to give assistance to the committee.
After a suitable location has been found
Robert Johnstone, the resident profes
sional of the San Francisco Golf Club,
will be asked to prepare a plan showing
the -position of each of the nine" holes.
The committee will report to a meeting
which will be held at 4 p. m. next Thurs
day in the parlors of the Grand Hotel. -
A meeting- of persons interested in se
curing a .public golf links in Golden Gate,
¦Park was held yesterday afternoon in one
of the parlors of the Grand Hotel. S. L.
Abbot Jr., captain of the San Francisco
Golf Club, was chosen temporary chair
man and A. K. Acklom temporary secre
tary. , .
Committee Is Appointed to Confer
With Superintendent McLaren
on Suitable Location.
G0LFEES HOPE TO GET .
A COURSE IKT THE PARK
The bitter feeling which has^ for some
time past been brewing between the med
icos and dentals of the Affiliated Colleges
culminated yesterday, when the medical
students, entered the dental college and
wrecked the furnishings, leaving it with
the appearance of having been visited by
a cyclone. A feeling of enmity started
between the two rival colleges some time
ago, when the medical students staked
their goats out in front of the dental
building. The tooth-pluggers immediate
ly resented having these wandering, blat
tering embellishments adorn their cam
pus. They further feared disease, as the
goats had been Inoculated with the bac
teria of • tuberculosis, smallpox, typhoid
fever and other 'dread diseases, in order
that the wielders of the dissecting knife
might study the effects produced by these
different maladies. The dentals painted
the goats blue and gold and removed
them from their favorite feeding ground
to the back of the "Veterinary College. In
retaliation the medicos one day last week
placed the goats in the halls of the dental
college, where they succeeded . in parta
king of a most appetizing repast in the
form of forceps, rubber dam and artifi
cial dentures before they were finally dis
lodged from their point of vantage by the
timely arrival of Janitor Douglas and his
bicom. . : .
Not satisfied, however, with their work
of revenge, the "unknown dead butchera"
entered the- College of Dentistry some
time last night and tore some ten or
twelve doors from their hinges, smashed
benches and destroyed all that came in
their reach, leaving the building- in a
dilapidated condition.
The dentals are wroth at the act of van
dalism committed by their rivals and
swear that the clock on the medical build
ing shall lose its nands.
The dental faculty are very much ln-
censed on account of the damage dona
tbeir building, and if the culprits are
found it will go hard with them. The
faculty is determined to demand repara
tion of the medical students. A peaceful
termination of the lamentable trouble be
tween the two' colleges 1» anxiously look
ed for by the heads of each.
William Sproule and E. O. McCormick
of this city are going to join J. C. Stubb*
at El Paso, and they will leave -the lat
tcr part of this week for Texas. It J3
supposed that Harriman ha3 ordered;
these three officials to inspect the prop
erty and road of. the El Paso and Nortii
eastern Railway and will await their re
port.
Both Sproule and McCormick refuse to
discuss the object of their trip to meet
J. C. Stubbs. They merely say that they
arc anxious to meet Mr. Stubbs, and that
they will travel with him until he reaches
California.
It Is stated that Harriman is anxious
to buy this railroad for the purpose of
competing more strongly with the Santa
Fe for Southern California business.
Should . Harriman buy the El Paso and
Northeastern Railway and send passen
gers over the Rock Island from Chicago
t'ne route to Los Angeles would be four
hours shorter than the fastest Santa Fe
California limited that is now running
out of Chicago.
The I report that J. C. Stubbs, director!
of traffic for the Harriman roads, will ba
at El Paso next week .has given rise ta
the : rumor that Harriman will absorb tha
El Paso and Northeastern Hallway.
Enter College Rooms at
Night and Wreck
Furnishings. t
Officials Will Inspect
Ei Paso and North
eastern Road.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
*<S.W>)Cambac«res ..107 3229 King Deilis.. .113
.°.4(M Huachuca 105 3."538 John McGurk.109
3419 Mike Rice 110 3207 St. Simonian.lU
3434 Barnato 113 3423 Parsifal 100
3411 "Wolhurst 116 3403 Quiet 101
3272 Lady Sterling. '90 3421 Rio Chico. ...110
3S« The Weaver^ 101
Fifth race — One mile; selling:; four-year-olds
and upward:
(3421)The Singer ...10« 3-J2S Bangor 10(3
(3414)Irate 9T 3238 Windward ...108
(:{2."?8)Herculean ...lOfi «418 Kickumbob ..103
3132 M.L.Rothch'd.102
Fourth race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward:
<3237)Sweet Tooth.. 10S 3214 The Pride UC
31H4 Kat. Walcott.lOB Pope Leo 112
(3230) Pros. Titania.103 3410 Dorian Ill
' 3390 Sir Dougal 111 339J1 Maresa 103
3130 Sc. for Scandal 9S 3394 Dr. . Boyle 10S
3409 True Blue 107
Third race — Four furlongs; selling; maiden
two-year-olds :
3415 Donami 100 3370 Mamie 02
3402 J. H. Bennett. 100 .'!241 Oro Viva.... .10«
3:'.12 Phyz '..:. »7 3402 Venecia'. ..... 07
3379 Min. Drossel.. S8 3- % 70 Prestolus ..,.07
Second race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds :
3378 Jungfrau 112! 3408 Dwight Way..! 14
51432 Estado 117 3*28 Tufts 114
3227 Dulcimer 107. 2822 Yellowstone ..112
3500 Sand de Lee. .1121 3391 Lento 112
The four-mile Thornton stake will' be
decided, at Oakland to-morrow.
Advices from Australia state that "Pi"
Ruiz and Eddie Ames intended leaving
for Manila, ' where racing is enjoying a,
tocm. -
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Four furlongs; selling; maiden
two-year-olds:
.1420 The Phantom. 9S | .... Fire Dance.. .10.°.
3402 A. Callaghan.JOJM 3420 Temprano ... 97
3420 Clartnette .... »7| 3120 The Forum.. .10!)
33oO La Figaro 10."! 3415 Katanga 07
Track Notes.
MEDICOS WAGE
WAR ON DENTALS
HARRIMAN AFTER
ANOTHER LIKE
" Should the Supervisors confirm the se
¦Jecttprv of-the Justices, the new clerk will
iind Powel Fredrick in the way. Fred
rick says that he will make a flght to hold
the office to which Mayor Schmitz ap
pointed him and that he will not give it
Tip until he secures a decision of" the Su
•'preme Court. In the meantime Auditor
Uaehr will not affix his signature to any
r ealary warrants coming from the office
-of clerk to the Justices of the Peace.
- Justfces" Clerk Powel Fredrick removed
James. Jtoxburgh and George Aubertine
• yesterday from their positions as deputies
in ,th.e- office. Fredrick says the men were
i;.i<i off on account of lack of work, but
U Is known ' that the removals have a
political significance. Roxburgh and Au
bertine are charged with stirring up strife
in the Union Labor party against Mayor
Schmitz because they were not provided
with better positions. • .
- The conl«rcnce held yesterday, between
;Uayor Schmitz. the Justices of the Peace
Cand Supervisors Wynn, Bent and Comte
¦left the question of the selection of a
clerk to the Justices in statu quo.
Although Mayor ; Schmitz and the
Justices desired the conference to be an'
ojten one, the Supervisors objected and
the meelins was executive. -• •
The Mayor asked the Justices if they
-would indorse Powel Fredrick, who now
liolds office as Justices' clerk, and In
this manner settle the- difficulty. The
/Justices .replied that while Fredrick
.migHt be' a competent man' in every re
¦;*pect, they could cct select his name for
"tJie clerkship, and so long as good men
could be found in the Republican party
they'-would stand for no other selection.
The Supervisors had no suggestion to
offer and the conference ended without
-anything being accomplished.
The Justices informed Mayor Schmitz
'thafkhey will endeavor to come to a de
. cison as to the selection of a candidate
£or the clerkship before the meeting of
the Board of Supervisors next Monday
afternoon. The contest has narrowed
down to George S. McComb. former dep
uty in the Justices' clerk's office; Richard
Welsh, deputy County Clerk, and Robert
ex deputy clerk of the Justices.
: Two at the Justices favor "Welsh and
Jwo afe for McComb. while Dennis is a
second choice of two of the Justices. The
.various .candidates are using every effort
to secure fhe "support of three of the
Justices, and It is generally felt in po
litical -circles that Welsh will be selected
end h5s name sent to the Supervisors for
¦confirmation.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted a permit to hold an amateur con
test on March 28, and to the Ariel Rowing
Club for April 3.
The, athletic club that secures the bbx-r
ing contest between Jeffries ami Fitzsim
mons -will be required to contribute • a
substantial amount to some charitable in
stitution or . public improvement . before
obtaining the required . permit from, tho
Board of Supervisors to hold the exhibi
tion. This much was decided yesterday
by<the Police Committee, which consid
ered the applications of the Twentieth
Century ana the San Francisco Athletic
clubs, both of which desire to promote
the, bi>j contest in' May.
After hearing the respective claims of
the two clubs through "Jack" Gleason
and "Alec" Greggains, Supervisor Curtis
proposed a. resolution which: was adopted
by the committee for recommendation to
the board that the rpermit for the month
of. May be given to the club that gives
the most money to a public charity or to
some public improvement in a sum not
less than $5000, to be paid before the per
mit is granted. Supervisor Curtis said
the exhibition would draw, at least $i5.000
in sate receipts, and it was but just that
th» club securing so valuable a- privilege
should contribute "to the public good. '
The application of the- Bay City .Ath
letic Club for a permit to give an ama
teur exhibition was laid over for one
week. A communication was read from
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union to the effect that the club
had violated the rules by matching-non
registered amateurs and professionals at
its last exhibition. Action was postponed
to hear the result of the investigation of
the club by the board of governors of the
association, which is to be held in the
Olympic Club to-night.
JPowel Fredrick Removes
George Aubertine and
i James Roxburgh.
Supervisors' Committee Takes
Decided Stand in the
of Clerk r for
Justices Remains
Unsettled. Ci
Promoting Club Must
Give Percentage to
\ Some Institution. • *
' Elmwood Farm began well by taking
the introductory sprint with Mythrox, a
10 to 1 shot, ridden by 'Troxler. Yrsula
and Sleeping Child made the running to
the stretch, where Troxler passed them
with his -mount, winning by a couple or
lengths. Yrsula finished second, three
lengths before Baltest. Blackthorn, the
favorite, ran last. , „.
¦7 Frank Weir's "bleeder," Mike Strauss*
l^d been showing up well in his morning
work and the- paddock crowd backed him
to win the six furlong run, getting aboard
at 10 and J2.to 1. "With. Hoar up he led
from the llrst jump, reaching the wire
four lengths aliead of Tizona, the mount
of O'Connor. ,I)oreen, • the favorite, 1
showed an inkling, of speed at the start
ami then fell back: • - ! . ' •
Nigrette, the-1 to 2 favorite for the two
year-old dash, led out Delsegno less <than
a length, Johnny Woods furnishing one
of his good finishes. Guida, always right
u;> with the leaders, ran, third, a head
behind the Chinn & Forsythe entry.
- The Montana stable's Impromptu, a 9 to
10 favorite for the seven furlong run, had
another close call from defeat., Away,
none too well, he was ridden out to the
last ounce by J. Daly, and then only beat
Uragg a head. MacGyle finished third.
Another Elmwood Farm representative.
The -Giver, shone to- advantage in the
Castro handicap.. a£ a mile. The three
yoar-old ruled favorite, and pocketed for
three furlongs, Ransch finally extricated
his mount, earning a neck decision from
Waterscratch. Duckoy quit after leading
for six furlongs.
Cougar went to the post first choice for
the- final mile and a sixteenth event, run
ning third. Birkenrutii made too much
use of Sunello, being nabbed in the stretch
and beaten a head by Grand Sachem, an
S to 1 shot. , . .
ually making. their reappearance.
The gcins was far from being fast yes-?
terday, but the "rail path" had disap
peared and all the starters stood an equal
chance -when the barrier was released.
Favorites won three events. ¦ •
AS the track at Oakland Improves
the better class of horses^ driven
Into retirement by the 'long
spasm of mud and rain, are grad-
GAIN NOTHING
BY CONFERENCE
CHARITY TO GAIN
BY BIG FIGHT
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE SAX- FRAXCISCO ; CALLj FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
THE OALIj'S RAGING FORM CDttj&JRn?
4
. AD VERTISEMElf TS. _ _l
W^ %s Clear, sparKling,
r^l/^^l^v palatable, Has a
flavor peculiarly
its own, --mailing it the most
popular bottled beer for table use
in cottage and mansion all 'round
the wide, wide world,
AnheuserBusch Brewing Assln
•••-- -¦ St. Leu!*, U- 3. A. i \ -¦>
"Brstosrs also =f B!=cS O Tan, Anheuser-Siandard. FR!e».»,ags», £$
Fauist.- Export Pt\\?i Ejcquiatto, Mlshslob e.&i MaStJVairsn9^
All orders promptly- filled by
E. G. LYONS & RAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Caj.
I — . ... . ; — : ; : ; "~~ ¦¦¦ — ; ;: -:.; ._ ¦-, ¦ \- : . _ ; . ,, ; , : . . ¦ — ,., 4 -.. . — " — ¦ -.,--- ; ; — —. — = — ; : ; : : ; — ; — op
E »••*••• -?-• »••?•••»»»¦•*•••• •'• » ? • ? • ?•»•?••*?••• ••#,•••••?•??¦?- •?»•»••¦»>»»»••>• •¦•"•- ?-?-?"»•?>-?- •••••••»?»•» * m m m, « > ¦ ¦ * m. m m ~ * m * m r * + + + \ t + »••»•»>»>»»• • .f ¦»>>** *'¦ - , m. L m •<¦¦¦' HI
f - ¦ ' ' ' ¦••¦. ¦ ¦'¦;,¦ ' ¦,.•¦..,•¦¦ • • • . . .' . ¦ . , m
B * 9 ¦' ' * •> **• ¦¦ ' ' n . ' . . --¦• H ' ¦ ¦ '¦-. • ' '*" .-: : ' ft >-ll'' D
n < \SiKi ti '¦¦' :.-:-: ¦ "¦'¦'¦'• : . '¦'¦¦' ''¦'¦¦• ¦¦'''/' "- ¦ ¦ '[¦ ' - ' ¦ "¦ • .' ¦ ' . ® <> ¦
5 ¦ • .¦•'¦¦¦';¦:. \t- .¦-:-,- ¦">% '¦'• • >¦¦¦/•' • tii*'"^. ' '¦¦ ' ¦' ' ¦ ¦¦ •• "¦ ¦ .¦..¦¦..¦"'.• : ' ¦¦ . • ¦ ¦ . • 9 ¦'"<>'> n
S I • J had a general run-down feeling, lacked ambition, and had no appetite whatever, 1 ;: ¦
g ; ."¦v.-^!.-,v ': ¦: ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦¦•••¦.••¦,• ¦¦¦¦-¦• ¦'. : '¦}¦•¦- ¦ ¦' '¦.>.¦'- . '¦ ' - -. . ¦ • • '-. ' ' : • '.¦.-..-¦ /' \ "¦ ¦ . ' T , v ; ';;'^ • : "-'tiMiit u
I y : '|^ with a very languid feeling at all times^ On going to supper one evertiiig my boarding | I 1
\ \ ¦¦ 5 mistress recommended my taking I^pans Tab | i g
| t • as well as that of others to \vhorn she had spoken about the^Tabules. I decided to make | vk |
| I?! • a /trial, and since I have been taking them I feel like a new=made man, and have none of | 1 I
g ? 5 my former complaints, taking a niore decided interest in my work and in life in general, % • °
| \ At druggists-; The Five-Gent packet is enough for ah ordinary occasion. :i §
BMIWMBtllllBlMlWBBMMWlgBllMB M llBlMliliMiBg,B B ,, B ,, M B,aB, BM ,,, HB||BB ,,, gBBeBgBBHW gSteamer Movements
Notice is hereby given that the. South Chan
nel bell buoy, a red, nun-shaped, lattice-work
body, surmounted by a bell, lately established
to mark the entrance to the South Channel
over the Columbia River Bar. is reported as
not in good working order. It will bij replaced
by a perfect buoy as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1002." page 51.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1902," page 14, No.
26. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1002," page 19.
By order of the Lighthous* Board.
• N. H. FARQUAR,
, Rear Admiral, U. S. Navy, Chairman.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i ' From. I Due.
Mandalay....: Coqullle River ....|Mar. 14
Czarina. ..... Seattle & Tacoma .... |Mar. 14
Rival Willapa Harbor [Mar. U
Coronado:..." s^anta Barbara .'...'.ilMar. 14
.*. ~ tja» ¦¦'Pedrcv . ............ |Mar^l5
'J.'b.'Rimball Seattle & 'facoma :.-...". (Mar. IS
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara Mar. 15
Asuncion.... Tacoma Mar. 15
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma Mar. 15
Pleiades..... Seattle Mar. 15
Victoria Comox |Mar. lt>
Pomona Humboldt |Mar. ltt
Del Norte... Crescent City...... |Mar. 10
U.-W. Elder. Portland &. Astoria |Mar. lii
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports.lMar. lfi
Folmlna . . . : . Nanalmo |Mar. 17
Alliance..... Portland & Way Pts. ..|Mar. 18
Eurrka Humboldt j Mar. Is
Leelanaw Isew York via Panama.. |Mir. \s
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports I Mar. 16
Newburg San Pedro. JMar. 10
; Peking.- China & Japan |Mar. 1»
NprthFork.. Humboldt 1 .....;. '..IMar. lf>
Bonita... Newport &'Way Ports.. |Mar. 20
llermonthis. . Hamburfrjvla W. foa«t. l?.far. 2<)
Epokane Ran Diego & Way Ports. |Mar. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena |Mar 20
Australia. . . . Tahiti. •.. . '. ." . .;.*•.: IMar". ¦_•!
¦City of. Para.. Panama; & Way Ports.. I Mar. 21
Santa Ana... Seattle- & "Tacoma IMar. 21
Columbia.... Portland. & Astoria iMar. 21
CltyofPuebla Puget Hound Pnrts: JMar. 23
CCKisBiy.... ,San Pedro & -,\V ay Ports. |Mar. 21
TO, SAIL.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
PORT " BLAKELEY— Arrived March 13—
POINT LOBOS, March 1."!. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 32 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
. ¦ ' ' '- ¦ '¦;¦ ¦ : -Thursday, March 13.
¦ Stmr Chas Nelson, Schage; San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona,' Shea, Eureka. -
Strpr Edith, Hall. Seattle. . ¦
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, Saix-Pedro.
Stmr Westbort. Ericsson. Eureka.
Chil stmr- Palena; Moon, Valparaiso.
. Ger stmr.Isl8. Groot,- Hamburg.'
'Nor stmr-Titanla, Egenes,- Nanalmo.
iBr stmr Corjtlc. Rinder.. Hongkong, etc.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grays Har
bor. ' ' ¦ > ....
"Schr ; Sophie Christiansen. Lundvaldt, Grays
Harbor. ••: • ".- • . ' ¦¦ -. ¦ »' • . .
- - : Thursday, March 13.
Stmr ..Columbia, Doran,- Astoria; Oregon
Railroad • and Nav Co. " "' .' , • • • •.
- Stmr Pomona.- Shea,' Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & CO.. . ¦ ¦ . . '
Stmr .North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The.Chas
Nelson. Co.. -.
Chil stmr Palena. Moon. Valparaiso and way
ports; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
•. Br stmr CoDtic. Rlnder," Hongkong; and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu-; Pacific Mall SS Co.
' Br 3 shii"> Kiriross-shire. " McKinnon, Queens
town; L Kauffman,. • ...
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 13.
Stmr Spokane, Alexander, 46 hours from San
Diego. \ |
Stmr Oueen, Hall, . 56 hours from Victor'a
and Pucet Sound ports. .
Stmr Point Arena, Har.sirt. 16 hours from
Mcndoclno.
Stmr Navarro, Devltt, 11 hours from Bowena
Landing. ' ;•
Stmr Charles Nelson, Schage. 86 hours from
Seattle; bound south; »ut In to land passen
gers. ¦ ....
Stmr Arcata, Dlckson, 43Vi hours from Cooa
Bay. • : • . - - .
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, 72 . hours from As
tcria. ¦ • . .\ ._ . • " ."
•: Stmr Santa Monlca.v Olsen, ; 22 hours" from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Prosreso, Harding, 4 days 6 hours
from Seattle.. . . . . .
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 29. hours from Eureka.
U S stmr Sheridan. Pierce. 25 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki IS d*ys. ,
Schr Newark. Nielsen, 10 hours from Stew
arts Point. ; ...':' .
Schr Ivy, SamuelsDn. 0 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Maria E- Smith, Nielsen, 15 days from
Port Garrble.
Schr Fannie Adel». Bellersen, 10 days from
Grays Harbor. :
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Branch Kydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, Can Francisco, Cal.,
March 13; 1002
The Time Ball "on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. N. t In charge.
Time Ball.
from New York, via Naples.
BREMEN— Sailed March 12— Stmr Crefeld.
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 12— Stnr
Noordland. for Philadelphia; stmr Tentonlc.
for New.Tork; both from Liverpool.
SCILLY — Passed March 14 — Staar Krenprlns
WHhelm, from New York, for Plymouth, Cher
bourr and Bremen.
Schr F S Redfleld, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 12— Stmr City of
Seattle, for Ska -way.
Arrived March 10— Br shin Wanderer, from
Tacoma.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 13— Stmr Asun
cion, for San Francisco; stmr Santa Ana.
hence March 8, for Seattle; Ital bark Cavour
from Callao, for Royal Roads.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 1»-Schr Aza
lea, , from Eureka.
Sailed March 13-Schr Bertha Dolbeer. for
tureka; schr Dauntless, for Grays Harbor
stmr. feanta Barbara, for San Francisco
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed March 13—
Stmr Luella. for San Francisco.
for V |^ R^7o SaUed March 13 ~ Stn * Se - uo1 «
c ! f P , OR^, L ? S A NOELES-Sailed March 13-
virni?? ? and Ruth, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived March 13— Br ship Lao
mene. from Seattle; U S stm,r Grant
Sailed March 13— Br stmr Glenojele. for
Hor.Bkong: stmr Umatilla. for San Francisco.
fealled March 13— Bark/ B P Cheney, for San
Francisco; Br bark Wanderer, for Seattle; U
S stmr Grant, for cruise.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE EREAKWATER— Pa-sed out
Jisys^k^sr Lyra - tor san SI
NEW rORK— Arrived March 12— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon; Ger stmr Varona. from
Hamburg. March 13— ShlD Astral, heace Nj
vember 10.
c »? R^ O V K> « Va ~ Sailed March !2— Br »tmr
Spithead. for Manila, via New Tork; Ger stmr
Verona, for Manila, via New Tork.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN BLAS— Sailed March 12— Ger stmr
Hermonthts, for San Francisco
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to March 13—
Ital stmr L'lijri Ciamoa. from Seattle
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed March 7—Ge
ship Alice, for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived March 11— Stmr Finance,
from New York.
Sailed March 11— Stmr Allianca. for New-
York.
PORT SAID— Arrived March 12— Br stmr
Hyson, from Liverpool, for Japan.
'HAMBURG — Arrived prior to March 13
Ger stmr Totmes, hence Dec 2.
Sailed March 0— Ger ship Rodenbek, for Saa
Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 11— Br shp
Australian, for Havre; Br bark Brussels, tor
Antwerp.
HONGKONG — Sailed March 12— Br itmr
Empress of Japan, for Vancouver.
COQUIMBO^ — Sailed March 13 — Schr John A
Campbell, for Puzet Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 10— Ger stair
Aragor.la. from New York.
VICTORIA— Sailed March 13— Stmr Gleno-
Ell, fcr Honrkons.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived March 13 — StAr West
ernland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed March 13 — Stmr L'Aquitaine. for
Havre; stmr Dresden, for Bremen.
USHANT— Passed March 13— Stmr Petur,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GENOA— Arrived March 12— Stmr Lahn,
Coptic Takes Many Passengers.
rhe Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com-
THE army transport Sheridan ar
rived yesterday after a smart trip
from Manila. She brings 111 cabin
passengers, 32 discharged soldiers,
101 invalids and over 1500 enlisted
men. The latter Included the headquar
ters and two battalions of the Twentieth
Infantry. This regiment has been In the
3 J hilippines since January 26, 1S99. and has
made a splendid record for itself. In both
Northern Luzon and Batangas the troops
Eaw sharp fighting, and as the provost
jruard of the city of Manila after the first
outbreak of Philippine hostilities they
did good service. There were six deaths,
from dysentery, during the trip. The bod
ies were brought home for interment.
Those that died were: Corporal James
JSrock. Seventeenth Infantry; John Han
ten, private Second Infantry; Private H.
J. Roberts. Private James Allen, Company
JJ. Nineteenth Infantry; John R. Wil
son, Company M. Sixteenth Infantry.
Private John S. Gragg dlea on the out
vard trip.
The officers of the transport speak in
Colonel W. S. McCaskey and wife Miss
McCaskey. Captain J. F. Morrison and wife.
Captain N. C. Burnham. Captain C. era* ford.
Captains R. W. Mearns and M. F. fcmlth.
Captain G. D. Moore and wife; Captain G. H.
Estes. wife and child; Captain F. \ . Krug
•and wife. Miss Katherlne Krug, Lieutenants
C. W. Exton and G. M. Grimes, Mrs. G. M.
Grimes, Lieutenants J. L. de Witt, J. W.
Beacham. T. W. Gunn, J. V. Guthrie J. Ran
dolph. H. L Lawrence and J. S. McClearj ,
Captain L. H. Strother. Captain W E. Do\e,
Captain E. V. Bookmiller and wife. Captain
G T Holloway, W. S. Vidor. Captain J. S.
Fogg,' Lieutenant G. M. Van Pool. Lieutenant
N. C Jones and wife. Mrs. Baxter. Mrs. Smith.
Lieutenant W. G. Penfleld. wife and chilu;
Lieutenant Cromwell Stacey and wife. Lieu
tenant F. H. Lomax. Lieutenant G. deG. Gat
lin Dr. L. A. Spaeth; Dr. W. S. Home, wife
and child; Mrs. Tunnell. Dr. J. A. Rafter,
Miss Susan H. Bames. Miss Mary Gleason,
Miss Man' E. Stlcott, Miss Agnes G. Young.
Mrs. F. A. Jernigan, Mrs. A. C. r v «> un^. Mn?-
McDermott. R. Corbin. C. K. Whipple. Mrs.
C U Herzman Miss M. R." Thompson, Mifes
L C. Thompson. Mrs. J. S. Parker and child.
r' J Bootes.- John Harmon. Charles E. Lamb,
Mrs D C. W. Musser and child, Mrs. M. L.
Branagan. Mrs. A. R. Korwin and child.- Mrs.
j B Earre. Mrs. M. R. King, Miss Marie
White Mrs. W. S. Mapes and child. Miss Eva
Hoon ' Matter Paul Mapes. Mr?. C. B. Lenoir.
Mrs William "Foote. Master B. W. Foote,
Mr- W M. Haskell. Dr. .T. F. Kneeper. C. R.
Trovibrldge. wife and child; J. W. Winklebach
and wife. T. A. Miller.. E. M. Hamilton. Mrs.
K G Hennisee, O. C. Tarlton. Mrs. W. H.
Martland. Mr?. H. S. Alexander. Mrs. G. M.
Leike, Miss Heney. Miss Kelley, Mrs. Atwili,
M K. Newman. Lieutenant W. B. Bonhani,
. M. E. Cochran, H. A. C. Emerj' and G. H.
Wheeler.
the highest terms of the conduct of the
soldiers. They were the quietest, clean
est, best behaved set of men the Sheridan
has ever carried. Is the general verdict.
The Sheridan left here January 1 and
has made a smart round trip. Her actual
steaming time from Manila was 22 days
IS hours, and this in spite of the fact that
her boilers are leaking quite extensively.
The officers and civilian passengers on
the Sheridan were:
; VESSEL SAILING UNDER ITALIAN FLAG WHICH WAS SIGHTED BY THE
STEAMSHIP QUEEN HOVE TO OFF .WILLAPA HARBOR FOR NO AP
PARENT REASON, WHICH IS CAUSING MUCH SPECULATION.
, ' ". FRIDAY, MARCH 14.
Sun rise3 6:22
Sun sets ......6:16
Moon sets 11:30 p. m.
D Tlme| Time Time Tlm«.|
» —i— Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
7 . H W I. W -.,'..¦;. H W L W(
13~ 1:22 ~2 7:46 0.7 2:28 4.6 7:49 2.2
14 2:01 '. 5.2 8:46 0.6 3:36 4.2 8:40 2.«
15' 2:50 6.1 9:52 0.5 4:55 4.1 9:42 2.8
16 3:47 5.0 11:05 0.4 6:17 4.110:56 3.O
17 4:5S 5.0 12:15 0.3 7:2S 4.3
• L W ' H.W L W H W
15 0:16 3.0 «:1« 4.0 1:17 0.2 8:25 4.5
19 1:25 2.9 7:31 5.0 2:12 0.2| 9:12 4.S
20 2:25 :' 2.5 8:3S 5.2| 3:03 0.2[ 0:56 5.2
NOTE— In • the above exposition of the tides
the early moraine tines are given In the left
hand column and ¦ the successive tides cf the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
tometimes > occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
cign . precedes the height, and then the number
given : is" subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. -.The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low, waters. :. . '
Del Norte Goes Ashore.
The schooner Del Norte dragged, her anchor
George Kramer, of 1100 Florida street and
employed as foreman by Dunsmuir's Sons &
Co.. fell down the hold of the British ship Ben
lariar yesterday, morning and. sustained injuries
which may prove fatal. At the Harbor Hos
pital Jt was found that three ribs were broken
and that one of the fractured bones. had punc
tured the lungs. His head was also injured
He was removed from the hospital In a private
ambulance to his home. >i~-!_..-..*is
Falls Down the Hold.
Captain McCuliom of. the British ehlp Drum
cralg. who recently so Injured one of his legs
that amputation was necessary, is well on the
load to recovery. The Drumcraig, which is
owred by Bennett & Ooodall of this city will
piotably remain out of commission until the
fail. By. that time Captain McCullom hopes
to have .broken in a counterfeit leg. and ex
pects to be able to resume his command '
Wants to Keep His Ship.
Unitedi States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of HIsh and Lot*
\\ au-rs at Fort - Point, entrance to ban
"Francisco Say. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The . lnuri . ai.d low waters occur at
the, .city front /.Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live ' minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of Tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tides.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL NO. 70.
Notice is • hereby , given that, on or about
April 1, 1002. light vessel' No. 70. moored about
3',i miles outside of the bar off the entrance
to San Francisco harbor, will be temporarllv
wlthdrawn from her station for repairs and
the station . wyi be marked by a gas buoy,
painted^red with "light vessel moorings" In
black, and showing a fixed white light.
Light vessel. No. 70 will be returned to her
station as soon as repairs have been completed
and the buoy withdrawn, of which due notice
will be i given.. ¦ ••'.,.--.-•..,
gl This : notice .affects . the .'.'List 'of Lights 'and
Notice, to Mariners.
To Alexandria, Egypt— 37, cs canned goods.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general cargo valued
at $300,088. manifested and destined as foi
lows: For China, $187,816; Japan. $88,417;
Philippine Islands, $8500; East Indies. $3541:
Korea, $4S7G; Vladivostok, $4S28; Al«joa Bay,
$2000; Alexandria, Egypt, $191. The principal
exports were as- follows:
To China— tC!65 bbls flour, 5200 lbs abalone
meat. T-i bbls asphaltum, 10 cs bread, 2501 lbs
cheese, 1007 lbs coffee. ¦ 67H lbs chocolate, 300
bales cotton, 300 lbs codfish. U6O cs condense!
milk, 542 cs .assorted canned goods, 2791 bales
cotton domestics, 17 pkgs dry. goods, 1250 lbs
dried fruit, 17 pkgs drugs, 53 pkgs electrical
goods, 33 bxs fresh fruit, 1013 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 4220 lbs ham and bacon. i!2
pkgs hardware.' 20 bales hay, 244 cs liquors.
1700 pigs lead. 5 pkgs machinery, 100 bxs meal.
10,300 Ib3 pearl barley. 39 cs rubber goods. It
cs rubber boots, *>2>0 ca canned salmon,' 2147
lbs 5 pkgs dried shrimps, 500 bx s toap, 13
cs shoes, 5 cs and 550 *als wine. ' •
To Japan— 1020 bbls flour, 2085 cs condensed
milk, 42 pkes bicycles and sundries. 100 bbls
beef, 550 bales cotton, 4250 lbs dried fish, S
pkgs electrical supplies, 50 bxs fresh fruit.' 34G
pkgs groceries and -provisions, 20 pkss hard
ware, 155 rolls leather. 05 pkgs machinery. 600
lbn oleomarearine. C750 lba phoBphate. 42 cs
rubber goods, 110 bxs soap, .20 bbls spirits,
U;S,000 lbs soda ash, 50,152 lbs ! tanbark, j 1722
gals wine. 15 cs whisky.
To Philippine Islands— 79S0 lbs ham and
bacon, 318 cs assorted canned goods, 107- pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1 eg dry zoods," 11
pkgs rubber goods. 12 cs shoas, 200- ca whisky
«0 cs liquors, 15 pkzs hardware, 380 lbs leaf
tobacco. ¦; ' ¦¦' .- . .
To East ' Indies — 3-'5O cs canned salmon. 34:»
cs assorted canned goods, 1800 lbs dried fruit,
32 pkgs crocerieg and provisions.
To Korea— 70 bbls flour, 133 pk?g 'groceries
and provisions, 3 pkgs drugs. 2 pkgs wine and
liquors. 55 pkgs hardware, 55 pkgs machinery,
4 cs stationery. .135 cs condensed milk -
To Vladivostok— 141 pkgs agricultural im
plements. 225 lbs rafslns." -;'..• . '
To Algca Bay; — 500 cs .canned salmon.
The Coptic's Cargo.
While Special' Policeman Smith, watchman
on the British ship Langdale, slept Wednesday
night, four sailors took French . leave They
left the ship in one of the ship's boats which
had been left conveniently hanging in the
c'avits. The men have not been seen since and
the boat Is still among the missing. One of
tho der-mers Joined the ship on Tuesday and
had drawn $40 of his prospective pay Cap
tain Hunter says he will keep his ship's boats
safely lashed on deck. in future and u»o shore
boats for all his business with the beach
Four Sailors Desert.
Ths finding on the beach at Sable Island of
some more cases of salmon marked similarly
to part of the cargo of the British ship Red
Rock caused the reinsurance on that vessel to
be raised yesterday from 15 per- cent to "5
per cent; The Red Rock left the Fraser River
105 days agg for London. The finding of a life
buoy and some cases of salmon some time ago
soon after she sailed sent up her reinsurance
rate to 50 per cent. . No further evidence of
dij-aster showing up the rate gradually dronned
to 15 per cent, where it remained until vest/i
day. Reinsurance on the Olivier de Cllsson
was yesterday advanced to 40 per cent
Reinsurance Rates Advance.
Among the passengers on the Queen wa<
Lieutenant Commander George ? u ¦ Stonev
commander Stoney Is well known here. He
was formerly on shore duty at this port He
is at present executive officer of the Oregon
He tame down In charge of a party of marines
and will remain in this city for a short visit!
The steamship Queen arrived yesterday after
a good run from Pustt Sound. Captain Hall
reports that ir. latitude 46 35 N. longitude 124 50
W h? sighted the Italian bark Cavour In bal
last hove to under easy canvas. He ran astern of
her and atked if he could render any assistance
but received no intellible answer. The Italian
had no signals set. asked for no aid and th°
f'!L?l- w<?re lyl " 5 ar °und th« deck apparently
Indifiercnt as to whether, their ship ever got
anywhere, or not. The Cavour . left Callao
sixty-nine dayB ago and Is bound for Puset
th O e U Quee 1 n h^sse n d i h"r eaSterly Wh ° n
Queen Sights Bark, Hove To.
Steamer.: ' ,\ - Destination., z '¦> \ Sails. I Pier.
March. 14. I
Meteor..... Seattle !& Tacoma.. I 5 pmSwalU
laqua Seattle direct ......[ 9 am Pier m JS
Coronado.. Grays Harbor. ¦...., i 6 pm Pier •!
Empire.... Coos Bay ........ .|12 m;Pi«r Xi
Kulnler.... Seattle. ib N." What. I 6 pm|i*ier U
Czarina.... Seattle «c Tacom{i..| S pmu'ier s
Columbia.. Astoria & ..Portlandjll am|Fler 24
, :;j . Muruh 15. i t
G.' Llndauet Grays Harbor ...;. | 5 pm|Pier —
Santa Barb Grays Harbor. .... .| 6 pm|Pier 2
Area** Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 in|Pitr i:»
Mandalay.. Coqullle ' River* [ |Pler 2
Eureka..'., liumboldt .........| » am|JPier lj,
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 2 pm.Pler i
Ronlta . Newport & Way Pts u umifier li
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm I Pier 2
. March 10. | j
De«natch Seattle A: r'airhaven 0 am|Pier 10
Lakme...'.. Astoria & Portland. U am|Pier 2
Spokane..'. San Diego & Way. a am|P»er 11
. . BlnrcU 17. | j .
Argyll..... N.' Y. via 'Panama.] 2 pm|Swalll
Queen . fuget Sound forts. 11 amifier ••>
Kival .. Wil'-apa Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
. Murcli IS. I j
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 p|Pler 9
Newport... Panama ft Wa» Ptsil'J lml'MdS
. . , March 10. | |
Xewburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. !) am|Pier 11
G Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amiPier 11
March UO. . |
Ventura... Sydney & Way Pts 10 am|Pler 20
Alliance... Portland & Coos B |PIer —
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am' Pier 2
March SI. I
Amer.Maru China & Japan.... 1 pmlPMSS
h March 21!. |
Umatilla...|Puget Sound Portslll amlPler 9
Num.'. •,.* I Humboldt |12 m|Pier 2
• . FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Dlrlso... '.'...' Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 14
li Thompson. Cooks Inlet i Way ft».|Mjr. 15
Nome City... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.|Mar. li
Al-Kl. .: Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 1G
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 16
Dolphin...'..". Skagway & Way Ports. (Mar. IS
Farallon SKagway, & Way Ports.]llar. 2o
CityofTopeka Skagwuy & Way Ports. |Mar. 21
The Kosmos line steamer Isis. which sailed
yesterday for Hamburg and. way, ports, carried
merchandise for Mexico^valued at $3793; Cen
tral America. $15,440; Kcuador,. $S034; Peru,
$5854; Chile, $1207; Germany, $105. The prin
cipal shipments were as follows:. , .'/
To Mextco^82 bbls flour, 700 gals and 12 cs
wine, 12 cs whisky, 8 cs liquors, 55 pkgs mill
work, 7 bales dry goods, 17 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 17 bales hay} 335 lbs bread, 4 cs
shoes, 21 pkgs hardware,- 16,714 ft lumber, -84.
pkgs potatoes, 5 kegs nails,. 437 "lbs hams. and
bacon 12 cs canned . goods,: 1076 lbs cheese,
360 lbs lard, 360 lbs grease, 3 bdls shooks k 200
lbs raisins, 1100 lbs dried fruits,- 6 pkgsam
munition, 11 bales paper, 360 lbs meal, 7 pkgs
ship chandlery. •* ' •
To Central America — 2455 bbls flour, 140 cs
powder, 12 cs whisky, 9 cs fuse, 2 cs I caps.
6250 lbs malt, 240 lbs soda, 11 cs coal oil, ¦ W0
gals gasoline, 62 pkgs paints and oils, 10 pkgs
groceries, 589 gals- wine, 3 bales oakum,' 77
pes bridge material, 10 csks beer, 75,000 . lbs
rice. 12 bales hay; 74 pkgs hardware, 00 pkgs
steel and Iron, 115 bbls cement, 0S30 lbs resin,
7704 lbs tallow, 15 coils barbwlre. -
To Ecuadoa— 1000 bbls flour, .10 cs .whisky.
127 cs canned goods, 4 pkgs groceries. 15.10
gals and 2tt cs ¦wine. 55 bdls brooms, 5000 fire
bricks 110 sks fire clay. 10.13a ft lumber. 343
lbs dried fruits, 770 lbs hams. .
To Peru — 50 bbls flour, 56,510 lbs malt, 1208
lbs shrimps. 45.087 lbs tallow, 18,002 ft lum
ber, 30S6 pkgs railroad ties, 1 cs leather, 10
drums sulphuric acid, 51 gals wine, 43 pkgs
machinery. : ¦
To Chile — 210 cs salmon, 10 cs whisky, 2040
lbs shrimps, 142 lbs chocolate, 40 cs canned
goods. 1 pkg machinery.
To Germany — 15 cs canned goods,- 3 cs sal
mon. - ;-;-V . .
Cargo by the Kosmos Liner.
. Tlie Chilean steamship' Palena sailed yes
terday for Valparaiso and way ports with a
full cargo and large . number 'of passengers.
She will make an extra, stop, calling at Ocos
to land a, passenger. Among the passengers
was Alberto Elmore, envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary to this country from
Peru. His destination is . Callao. Tlie rep
resentatives-of Salvador at the Buffalo Ex
position are returning home on the Palena
They are: Dr Francisco A. Reyes, Manuei
A. Melendez.-Dr.M.F. Molina, Hector Fi
gueroa, J. M. .Recalado and Miss Newborn
The Peruvian and Salvadorian flags were set
on the foremast. In honor of the. distinguished
representatives of these republics on board
The other passengers wrt-e: •
" Miss C. Elmore, Dr. Gustav Elsen Mrs
Josephine Mordaunt, Miss Isabelle Mordaunt'
Miss ¦ Josephine Mordaunt. Louis Mordaunt
Grant Mordaunt, Miss Julia Garcia, A Fitch
Dr. Carl Krone. B. F. Smith, Mrs B F
Smith, Miss E. P. Smith. George W. Kearney
Royal P. Turney. Gabriel Cretaux. N. Ficas'
cfc R -. Ro6 « nbe rg. Mrs. L..R. Rosenberg, Adam
Ing^r,- O. H. Harrison. R. T. Sparks, Mrs.
Rosa Page, Mtes Ruby Page, Miss Gladys
Page. Kenneth Page, Mlh Roseta Page, Louis
Fontenay, Angel Rodriguez, F. Crltcherson
Palcna Sails for Valparaiso.
The British ship Ktnross-shire was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders. with 8'J,
975 ctls wheat valued ' at $92,375 and 23,000
feet lumber as dunnage valued at $3 to.
A Wheat Cargo.
Shipping Merchants. *
'•The British ship Dechmont. Is chartered for
wheat or barley to Europe. 23s 3d.
NEWS "OFj; THE^ OCEAN. ' ••
Matters of* Interest "to Mariners ' and
The Kosmos line steamship Isls sailed yes
terday for Hamburg and a score or more Inter
mediate ports. She carried over .SOCO tons of
freight. . : .
Isis Leaves With Big Cargo.
The German ship Wlllkommeri has been char
tered to carry wheat to England at 23 shilling
and 9 pence. This is tho lowest charter from
this port in about five years.
Lowest Charter in Years.
Captain George Ankers has been appointed
to command the army transport Meade which
is "now out of quarantine. The Meade is coal
ing at present. She will sail for Manila
March 10. :
Will Command Meade.
yesterday afternoon and drifted on the break
water around the new fishermen's wharf. She
was pulled Into deep water by a towboat be
fore she had sustained much damage. Had
the weather been rougher she would have been
quickly and completely wrecked, and as It was
her danger for awhile was great.
From 'Honolulu— Colonel H. M. Boles Mrs
H. M. Boles, Miss E. M. Boies, J. J. Brown,
Mrs. J. J. Brown, Mrs. Charles Boettcher,
Miss Boettcher. Colonel Edward Fenner. Mrs
Edward Fenner, J. Herrera, M. B Milten
berger. Miss M. Mulligan, Miss N. McMurtrie,
y. F. Prentiss. Mrs. F. F. Premiss J E.
Smith. E. B. Sturgis. Mrs. E. B. Sturgis. Miss
>.. fcturgis. Captain D. H. Ward
For Shanghai — E. B. Drew. Mrs. E. B. Drew,
Miss L. B. Drew, Miss E. C. Drew, J B.
Fitz-Gibbon. Mrs. J. B. Fitz-Gibbon and in
fant, W. H. Hunt, Mrs. W. H. Hunt.
For Hongkong — Miss Annie Batee, E. Bow
ditch, Mrs. E. Bowditch. Rev. S. Dayon Mrs.
S. Dayon, Mrs. R. A. Ford, G. ¦¦• M. Johnson,
C. H. Leadbetter, F. W. Keith, Mrs . F W.
Keith and two children, A. Meurer,. Miss K.
Mclsaac, Mrs. I. N. Nason. August Nelson,
Mrs. W. Page, Mrs. A. C. Parke, Miss Grace
Parke. James Pinnock, S. D. Poole Dr R
Schiffmarm, O, E.-Wcller, C. E. .Wheeler • Mre!
C. E. Wheeler. . . .
pany's liner Coptic sailed yesterday for the
Orient deeply laden with freight and with all
her passenger accommodations taken. P. F.
Kingston, the well-known insurance man, was
a passenger. With his wife and daughter he
is taking a trip through the Orient. A large
crowd of friends waved them pood-by ! from
the end of the Pacific Mail dock. Rev. A.
Sutherland. D.D., a prominent divine of the
Methodist church in Canada, was also a pas
senger. He is 'going- to" look over the mis
sionary field. The. passengers were:
For Yokohama — Robert Allan. Miss M. M.
Carpenter, Mrs. C. P. Cheney, J. T. Flske Jr.,
W. Gorham, W. J. Gorham, G. L. Hamilton,
Mrs. G. L. Hamilton. I. A. Krassnoff, John
Latta. John Millar, Miss Anna Peterson, Miss
G.--M. Phillips, D. S. Richardson, Miss Marion
Richardson, C. B. Stedman, Mrs. C. B. Sted
man.. Mrs. E. . I. Sugimoto and- -infant, - Rev.
A. Sutherland, D.D.. J. Thebaud, Mrs. J. E.
Welbourne, Miss E. E. Welbourne, Miss F. M.
Wilson.
For Kobe—Oscar Boehm, J. Lee Thompson,
Mrs. J. Lee Thompson. • . ¦ }
For Nagasaki— Mrs. . E. R. . Fulkerson and
children, P. F. Kingston, Mrs. P. F. Kingston
and daughter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
Brings Over a Hundred Invalids and Loses Six Sol^=
diers From Dysentery During Voyage.
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN ARRIVES
WITH THE FAMOUS TWENTIETH
5
.THE EMPORIUM. ; !, | j: , \', THE EMPORIUM. " | / THE ' EMPOBIUM. _ \ THE EMPORIUM.
£: ¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦•.¦¦¦ ¦ .¦.-.•¦-¦ ' ¦ .. ¦ ..¦.-¦- ¦'.•..;"-. ¦ •• ...,—»-. • _
j£ Saturday— last dav of Men's Clothing Sale^nd efftringsmi the salts. tables in the main aisle of Hurd's & \ J
fe Crane's \ Writing Paper -and, -Envelopes /choice Toilet Sozps, 'Books, at phenomenally I <w prices, {Men's Neckwear,) J
$ Ladies Gloves (very speciiO^one Napkin Rings, Crumb Scrapers and Trays and Kentucky Belle Bourbon. { x
$ Sale of Curtain Scrim. *7/T* &* o ClotMna Sals I
g For Friday we offer 750 yards of heavy 38- Renown V^^ ' S& f t SIIk W**Wm*mM*J &&*** .J
K inch Curtain Scrim; fne, open work pattern, Chars- &>^&&7f? € /^D^M^/^/^y£ M M Mff Shamrocks, CfoSGS To-mOrrOWi >|
g suitab-e for cottage cumins, sash curtains, 8 for 25c. "^^ £ £ &^%^S M B&tfl/L/ ls&9&Wll^. 2 for 5c, fcr Las t chance Friday and Siturday to get those •?
y tidies etc., worth m the regular way Tb-day and . f| 1rnn riin- [ nnrr~T / - Ml ,,,i *«=*- St. Patrick's stylish, broad r*\ X
k 1 z for.. ...... & 3 1? Saturday. " D^ shapc-retiiniag front suits *
f ;',l-y • . - —"^SB*" 1^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STOR& f or men in up-to-date W j
I n s P eciais f(l°/ A Ladies' Shoes One-Half to wi v 'Si /|by S
lig^^l^g^ - B Tno^hir^Regul^ Prices. PP^ A IV) I
J? ture, a'lVoai jm-xed Broken Uncs Friday and Saturday Only. *:o.oo,fbr— , \ ]TJ x
tf&fpfii' '¦^§S^ Camtl's Ha T r Taior The heavy sales since January 1 st have nearly closed out several lines of ladies' 4£1 Kfll ' \ M/ 2*
'5 W9 . Dr f CSf8 of newest ". £ ne s h O es,' leaving only a few s'z:s of each style. 'la all of these' linrs w; H9B%Jm%9*J 3 J \T X
«£ W SliSfSkrtS have all sizes snd widths. If we can fit you in this lot of shoes, which goes Boys* $5.00 3-picc: Suits Hr^ T X
Bf sJiin iinea jacket witn . ,._»..- , _ • , , ,. , ..- ... . ... — For ar-s O to I ? vears X
* /W^tM fpeplum; edges and on special sale Friday and Saturday, a sp.endid bargain m styhsh footwear * S3 48 ' *
i fhClm «^s finhhed with awaits you. ¦ .^. ¦ . .. |3.'so" Dcuble-Breastsd ard $
5" (i\VJl/\ .several rows of stt. hi Foster & Co.'s Lidies' $5.00 Lace and Button Shoes in uzes 2# to 6; marked A0% -. -»• Vejtec Suits— For ages 6 X
* \>«Hft\ "'giWors mixed un, iji toclosc out .'. . ... . . . 93j5O toi 4 years. .$2.28 {{
$ / \\ n and pay; a11 Ladies' $2.50 Oxford Ties— Vici Kid, Louis XV hee's, siz» 2^ to 5^ only; -»-—-» Boys* $5.00 Sail.r !uits «
5LJ «ws; regularly $15, marked to cks: out .... .... ... $).4o —For ages 3 to 10 yean \ LA X
tjm to-diy and to morrow Ladies' $2.00 Oxford T.es — Medium leather heels, si«» 2# to 4; marked to clcse j-^» $3.43 M X
If AsN ~$1O*OO 6ut - ' ; •¦••¦''•' '¦'¦ • • • • ..-•.. .;.¦-.-. . ..93C Soys' $2.50 Wash Sailor g? J
|f / V $I.C0 Black Sateen " ~ Juiu— For age* 3 to 10 years . $1.79 X
S £a Av^a'sts 69:— Mercer- ' Sate of Fiannsfette, Spacia! Safe Naw . — ¦ J
5 ¦A : \ fc Jf*\A«rf»teMwa?itt,fait JOd Quaiity, 7c. Styte Spring Hats. Coif Shirts, 69c. x
* fjtim^X >^ tuX'd and^mmet' &&&& T" 4 *"" -° f """^l - " " 7***' A llle f or Fr5da y and Saturday of Men's fx.oo $
S UBST^ J*T - vw I tn P med » woven ioc F.annehttes in neat pink, blue, ./-»^i\ ?>TT N. V&J MaAan and Percale GoT Shirts- 5
fc O?^__^r w. h yck e ta fcs. and etc., stripe,; a grade of Flannelette suitable t^*\ ¦ ' f . ¦ \ P>A « up-t.-date styih pattern,; anj, S
I Foundry Bags 23c. cHii^^SAds <^^^^ -.J^^^KJfS^uA
&V A* at 200, some of them in Stamped Momie Upright Folding Beds for Chi'dren -Made of M^ „. fc Crown D • extracted dots ar.d iigurcd effects on b'ack and X
X ; linen; white, with blue, red . or pmk trim- \ solid golden oak, w.th fancy spindle sides, and p anamj . Jg colored grounds; a!so plan black hose; all X
| mings, and some n fancy colored den m, not complete with 30x60 2-ply w.re mattress; a fc ? of ,; 0Q Fi ; d ' *
g one in the lot worth less than 3SCJ^^ bed large enough for a ch.ld .2 years of age; Wt,uris and Fedora styles: colon *™ ' • • • • 2tC J
£ -choice on Friday. 23O . speca. to-day and to-morrow black, steel, white, pear., nutria? and mix! _, fcfc 1 —~ X
$ ¦ 1 — . ° n ' y W*f%jr turM Thevtrvnr^stSpriugstvUs- Rubbsr SO3p Dishes. %
J£ tooth Brushes 11c. fS&BB$$G*Bt* lnfact \ ou £ ent j. r= c v cf I33S hats ¦ tJwt Purc Rubbcr Soa ? Dshs8 > s « -X*iK i«hes, x
S 900 imported fine quality selected white bristle BUMEGr &&B& cannot be bought elsewhere lor | 3 . 5 o, are corrugated bottom tor draining; a non-break- ««
g 9 Tooth Brushes, worth-2 S c each, spe- Y\*Mto ff1Z*Wt t tt ' ' S2 93 ab^. —^ arrxle for bath-rooxn |
J cial for Friday only . \ .... . 11 C M W & LBStjfSm ¦ day ° n * '- ' V ¦•: •• • • 3>^«^g and lavatory; regular.y 25c each; on . X
*f — — : — — ' Another of the big store's famous But- or " X ' ' *" &
$ Tapestry Carpets ter sales today, of cours, h » 9M f£!?**y.s*'*of. Liquors—Friday. x
5 - ¦ A.*** ' ¦ thC VCry bcSt Cre . amcr > r Buttcr that SllSe HOy3 S "pporters. Hunter's Rye Whiskey-Oriipnal packa«- : -' S
*" "W«#W« can be bought, and the price tor S 00 paws Ladies'; Frilled Elastic Side Hcs: Sup- botU:d by Wm. Lanahan & Son- to-day onl'r X
Fire qualities of good quality Tapestry . Brussels reWar - siz- squares Friday and f oners; » fine French web in colors and . . Q7o * V
ft Carpet hare been marked for special sale . , '¦ «.* ' , • , ?, ' black, w th button catches; instead of 25.-, Four Year Old Cfarzt— Good Sonoma Wh, 5
J- Friday and Saturday on'y, P'r^— OaiU.Clay, \M 1 D. d2.*jtf* ar.-mark-d fo.- special t a!e Friday Friday, gallon .... 4O ' "\
J t yard. .....:•.....,. *OC " ••• -Br+B>** only, pair. . .-. ...'. . . . JfC Sauter.-.e— Extra table quality; gallon . * 7ff% X
1 Fan Francisco. Friday, 14 March, 13<K. •
'Mi' flWl'
Another Special
To-Day Only $1.55
c -— : — -o
Still another one day opportunity.
The handsome dining-chair pictured above we will sell to-
day at $1.55. The regular price of this chair is $2.25. It is
built of oak. finished golden brown, with brace arms and cane
seat. It has a scroll back, of one piece, instead of spindles. A
' sft-ong. well-built chair.
Sale begins this morning at eight o'clock and closes sharp
at six o'clock this afternoon. No more thaji six chairs will be
sold to any single purchaser. No mail or telephone orders
' will be honored at the special figure — you must come in per-
son. . v''r-;;
A few arm chairs to match will be offered as long: as they
last at $2.75. Regular price, $4.00.
O • O ¦
\ (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
a 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
1 It is not presumed that you have noticed how our hat
U department has grown, as the growth has been so grad-
I ual. Steadily the increase has been made, until to-day we
I carry the largest stock of hats in San Francisco (queS'
J tioning ; possibly one exclusive store). This rise of the
I department is^ due to two things:; The good values we
H offer and the lafge assortment of the goods. We have
g whatever a man wants, at whatever he wants to pay.
E : Among bur leading values is a' line of hats at $1.95.
H They come in Derbys, colors — black, brown, cedar and
j| oxford gray; also Pan- Americans, Fedoras, Alpines,
i Graecos and Dunlap Crushers, colors — black, cedar, ox-
I ford gray, pearl, blue pearl and steel.
i Buy one of our hats and give it a test — you will see
H why -the department has grown to such an extent.
I Cui-of'town orders filled — write us.
1 718 Market Streetaffection; and we all know that the army
transport service will have It3 best friend la
that »DOt.. •
While all thinking minds realize now some
thing of the magnitude of the work you have
so ably conducted, I am certain that to the
future belongs the full realization of the task
that has been performed without a hitch; when
that time comes, and the vaporlngs of the
Ignorant, or willfully biased slanderers of this
great service are forgotten in their littleness,
then your name will stand forth with thosa
whose merit has entitled them to the grate
ful and lasting remembrance of their country
men.
We bid you godspeed and like success In all
OFFICIALS GIVE GENERAL LONG
FAREWELL SILVER LOVING CUP
FRIDAY MARCH 14, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. \%
A Ureas All CcmmtmicitkEi to W. 8. LEAKS, Ytsager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prena 2O2.
Delivered I»t Carrier*. 15 fj*nta Per Weel».
glnsrle Coplea. U Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including 1 Postaaret
OAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DA1LT CALL (including Sunday). « months «.(K»
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3«
BCTfDAT CALL. One Tear l.*»
WKEKLT CALL. One Year 1.00
AH postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦vbftcrlptlon*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
(fail cubsertben tn ordering chancre of addrca ehould te
particular to civ both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
te Insure a prompt and correct compliance with tbelr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broad votr
C. GKORGE KROGITESS.
Manager Tempi Adrertiting, MirqnetU Bnildia;. Chieagt.
iLoncr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") . .
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Sonars
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE?:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, 81 Union Square;
Unmj HU1 Hotel. y .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman - House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. 5. W.
MORTON K. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 62T Montgomery, comer of Clay, opea
until 8:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• :80 o'clock. l»il Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
l>ound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend 1 *
GK> Market st.. Palace Hotel building • "
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
I-ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A Kansas man has celebrated two silver
weddings, having lived twenty-five year3
with each of his wives.
The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract Is purity. It's real vanilla extract & noth
ing but vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Town3end's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.*
While we are all pleased, indeed, to know
that your worth ha3 been officially recognized
in this promition, it is a pleasure mixed with
sadneps at the knowledge that the service here
suffers a -great loss, which la felt personally
by all of us at the prospect of your departure
from among us. "Wherever you may go, we
will always follow you with our esteem and
General: I have been honored by those on
the dock with whom I have been associated,
under your command, in the upbuilding and
direction of our magnificent transport service,
with the presentation to you, on the occasion
of your leaving the service here to move on
ward to a greatly deserved promotion, of a
loving cup and testimonial; and never was the
term "loving cup" more appropriately applied,
as It signifies in a small degree the love and
affectionate esteem which your sterling quali
ties as a commander have engendered in the
hearts of all of us who have had the honor
and pleasure of serving under and with you.
John Barneson, . marine superintendent,
who told the story of the cup in the fol
lowing words:
your future undertakings; greater we could not
desire.
LOCAL. CHIEF OF THE ARlir TRANSPORT SERVICE WHO WAS
MADE THE RECIPIENT OF A TESTIMONIAL OX THE EVE OF HIS
DEPARTURE FOR WASHINGTON. ".
HOTEI* DEL. CORONADO, choicest Winter
Resort In the world, offers best living, climate,
boating, . ,' bathing, ' nshlng ' and "¦• most : amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado. Cat.
The brother-in-law of the Sultan of Turkey has
been made the victim of another cruel joke. The
Sultan has sentenced him to perpetual imprisonment
if he ever catches him. . ' '
In seeking to release his client from tlie meshes of
the law a local. attorney argued that the phrase
"twenty-dollar pieces" means twenty one-dollar,
pieces. This particular client must certainly be in a
bad fix.
"You needn't tell me," averred Miss
Batchgurl, "that golf isn't good exercise.
It makes the young men so much strong
er in the arms that— that you can scarcely
breathe."— Tit-Bits. " . ¦
Assessor Dodge has reached the conclusion that
he needs more help to' perform properly the duties
of his office. a closer attention to quality in
the matter mighy make unnecessary a fuss about the
quantity. .
DIPLOMATIC . TROUBLES.
Upon the fall of Pauncefote the learned and illus
trious Dr. von Holleben rose to eminence above all
the diplomatists at the capital. It was he /who punc
tured Pauncefote's swelling pride, and it was he,
• ¦ /
There was the Pauncefote case. A very sad one it
was and is. The old gentleman, venerable for his
years as well as for his services, was on the verge of
retiring from office. He was holding the position of
Dean of the Diplomatic Corps at Washington and
was looked upon as the man who had saved the-
United States from an attack on the part of com
bined Europe. Suddenly there came a rumor that he
was not the only friendly pebble on the diplomatic
beach at the time of the outbreak of the Spanish war.
The rumor grew from more to more. Pauncefote
was .silent, but Germany was not. It was revealed that
the noble Briton had tried to get the powers to sign
a joint note remonstrating with the United States:
Pauncefote has nothing to say. It is announced he
is to seek rest at Biltmore.
HIGH diplomacy at Washington has its trou
bles. The calm and serene gentlemen whom
long experience has taught to conceal emo
tion beneath a placid face, and to conceal thought by
a multiplicity of words, may go to and from council
rooms to pink teas with smiling lips and bland coun
tenances, but all the same they are not happy. There
are troubles which cannot be hidden even in the
deeps of diplomatic hearts, which court dress cannot
wholly conceal nor plumed hats cover effectually
"Die Lotos Blume" was superbly sung
yesterday afternoon with a tranquil and
tender grace that shaped the lovely song
into loveliest form. Again Mrs. Fisk
showed . . her intimate sympathy with
Saint-Saens' genius in -."La Cloche,"
a beautiful" song, but rarely heard
here or anywhere. ' "The ' North
ern Day," a charming lyric by Chadwick.
was also . beautifully given, showing the
rich depths of the singer's lower voice to
splendid advantage. "The Lass With the
Delicate Air," a quaint old English ditty,
was delightfully conceived, the delicate
extravagance and affectation being pic
tured with that fine humor that Is not
the least of Mrs.' Fisk's many attractions.
The song rather belongs to the soprano
kingdom, however.
A group of five lighter jsongs, three of
them hardly worthy- the effort, of J the
artist, closed the programme. To-night's
programme includes a set of five "Biblical
songs" by Dvorak, the Beethoven "Crea
tion Hymn" and a couple of Brahms'
numbers. - * ¦ " ': .
Mrs. Katharine Flsk's second song re
cital, given at Sherman-Clay Hall yes
terday afternoon, attracted a notable au
dience of musicians and lovers of song.
The fame of the' charming singer has
gone abroad and each concert will doubt
less see sincerest of compliments to an
artist— larger and yet larger houses. Mrs.
Fisk is more likable, admirable with each
hearing. Her voice grows on one and her
rendering of every, additional number
adds to the wonder* aroused by her ver
satility. Perhaps this is the singer's most
notable distinction, a quick and vivid sym
pathy with the soul of every song she
sings, each phase and mood of it, from
"Die Lotos Blume" of Schumann. to the
quaint merriment of "The Gingerbread
Man."
From an industrial and a commercial point of view
the geographical position of the State is going to be
materially changed by the construction of the isth
mian canal and by the continued reduction in freight
rates, which will bring us into close relations with the
East and with Europe. The development of our oil
wells will supply the cheap fuel that has been lacking.
Agriculture and mining will hardly hold in the future
1 their relative rank among the industries of the State
Consequently the four conditions which have limited
our manufacturing enterprises in the past will not be
the same in the future. It is, therefore, reasonable
to expect the next census to show a development of
manufacturing industry unprecedented in the State.
What we have done has been creditable, but it is as
nothing to what we may expect to do.
Commenting upon the significance of the figures
the bulletin states: "Four important conditions have
limited the growth of manufactures of California and
have determined in a large measure the particular
lines established. These are the geographical posi
tion of the State, the high rate of wages, the high
price of fuel and the exceptional attractions offered
by mining and agriculture."
In addition to what the bulletin refers to as "man
vfactures proper," there are a considerable number
of establishments carrying on what are termed "hand
trades." The distinction shows a curious evolution
of language, because originally the word "manufac
ture" was adopted into the language for the express
purpose of signifying "hand trades," as distinguished
from the factories operated by machinery. Taking
the terms, however, aj custom has fixed their usage,
we had in 1900 of hand trades and manufactures to
gether 14,166 establishments, with a total capital of
$212,640,144, employing 93,356 wage earners, of whom
6836 were engaged in hand trades. The total wages
paid during the year was $48,709,123. The aggregate
value of products is given at $305,519,043, but it is ex
plained that this is the gross value, and as the fin
ished product of one factory is often the raw mate
rial of another, the value of the former reappears in
the statement of the latter, and consequently the
original cost of certain materials may be included
several times in the gross value. It is estimated that
the net value of the products for the year was about
$I7S425 ? 388, which represents the increase on the
value of raw material resulting from the various pro
cesses of manufacture.
In 1850 there were 1003 manufacturing establish
ments, with a total capital of $1,006,197; in i860 the
number of establishments had increased to 8468 and
the capital to $22,043,096. By 1870 the number of
factories had diminished to 3984, but the amount of
capital represented l»y them had increased to $39,
728,202. In 1880 the establishments numbered 5885
and the aggregate capital was $61,243,784. In 1890
the number of factories had further advanced to 7923,
while the capital had swollen to $146,797,102. In 1900
the census shewed 12,582 factories, with a capital of
CENSUS BULLETIN No. 136 gives the man
ufacturing statistics of California from 1850
to 1900, and considering that California is
mainly an agricultural and mining State, the figures
make quite a creditable showing. During the period
under review the population of the State increased
from 92,597 to 1,482,179, while the average number of
wage earners employed in manufacturing establish
ments increased from 3964 to 91,047. Thus while the
population increased a little over 1500 per cent the
number of factory hands increased over 2196 per
cent.
MANUFACTURES IN CALIFORNIA.
SONG LOVERS
WONDER AT THE
FISK RECITAL
"To have been associated with you during
the upbuilding of this magnificent service is
indeed no empty honor, and tfye pleasure of
serving under an officer so able and at the
same time so considerate and courteous to
all under you as you have always been will
never be foreotten by us.
We wish you health, happiness anJ pros
perity in the future, and trust all your under
takings may result as successfully as has your
management of the United States army trans
port service. . .
The presentation was made by Captain
THE local officials of the United
States army transport service yes
terday presented Brigadier General
Oscar F. Long, the retiring gen
eral superintendent, with a han]
some hammered silver loving cup, upon
which was engraved a suitable farewell
inscription. Accompanying the cup was
a leather-bound album, suitably Inscribed
and containing the names of the twenty
four officials representing the executive
staff of the army dock.
General Long accepted the token with
brief thanks. He spoke of the loyal
service of his associates and said that
without their co-operation he could not
have brought his efforts here to such suc
cessful conclusion.
The Inscription on the cup reads;
"Presented to Brigadier General O. F.
Long, general superintendent army trans
port service, as a token of esteem, af
fection and high appreciation of his
sterling character by the dock officials
serving under him at the United States
army transport dock, March 1, 1902."
The first page of the album containing
the names of the officials is engrossed
v/ith the following:
To General Oscar F. Long*. "We,. the under
signed officers and employes of the United
States army transport service, who have had
the honor of serving under you since the in
auguration of the Eervlce on April 1, 1890. de
sire to express our sincere congratulations on
your promotion to a higher office, and at the
same time to convey to you the feeling of re
spect and admiration which your many ster
ling qualities as an officer and our command
er has engendered. To whatever sphere your
duties as an officer of the United States army
may call you, there you will be followed by
our affectionate regard and esteem.
Such is the utterance of, the voice of Humboldt,
and now if any one wish to take up the challenge
or find a home where all is bright, beautiful and
blooming, let him go to Humboldt and see for him
self whether it will be saner to take up. the challenge
and fight.it out or accept the situation and make a
home in a land where the soil is rich, the climate
beneficent, the people prosperous, the future, golden,
and the Standard waving on the outer- wall in defiance
to foes and encouragement to friends.
V All of that is true, but the fact that Humboldt does
not need advertising is no reason why The Call
should overlook her claims or fail. to do her justice.
Nor, indeed, have we ever intentionally done so. We
know, she "sends us five millions a' year in products
and is still on the map as a part of Northern Califor
nia," and we gladly give place to the statement of the
Standard: "Our hill lands, capable of producing the
finest orchards, are being taken by the homesteader,
and there are hundreds of quarter sections on which
a family can, make a good living and enjoy a climate
that neither blisters one in summer nor freezes him
in winter; -which is mild, healthful, invigorating, glo
rious. It is well that all the Eastern people do -not
know how much better, easier, happier they might
live and dit here than in the East, where winter's cold
freezes them and summer's heat blisters them, where
blizzards and cyclones plague the people and destroy
human life.' If they knew it as well as we do we
should be overrun with home-seekers and literally
crowded with population." • "
It must not be supposed that this gallant flinging
of the Humboldt Standard to the breeze was done
in any defiance of The Call. No such motive animat
ed the hand that waves it. With a judicious spirit it
says: ',The Call is right in trying to wake up the
people to do something for Northern California. All
it says tof this section is true; it might have included
Humboldt in its plea for recognition, and it .could
have said as much for us as for any other county
mentioned. We can console ourselves, however, for
the -oversight by the thought that we do not need
advertising so much as a large portion of the country
mentioned by The Call. Our amazing resources will
in due time, advertise themselves, 'as they are now
coming to the attention of Eastern settlers and East
ern capitalists more and more each year."
There is no telling how many people Humboldt
could support. With good railroad and steamship
communications Humboldt Bay could support as
many people on its borders as San Francisco Bay,
and the county could be relied upon to feed them
on strawberries and cream. Nor would they ever
lack for meat, for our contemporary says: "When
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys are parched
with heat, Humboldt's valleys are green and great
herds of cattle and flocks of sheep are fattening on
their succulent grasses."
Our contemporary goes on to say: "Humboldt is
capable of supporting a population ten times as large
as it now has." - Hardly any one will be bold enough
to dispute that proposition. . In ; fact, it has all the
force of a cunning under estimate intended to give
verisimilitude to alj the claims that precede and fol
low it. The world will say: "If the Standard is so
modest in this claim, how can it be suspected of ex
aggeration in anything else?"
Superlatives are dangerous and. we do not know
how the claim of superiority over any other county
could be maintained, nor exactly what qualifications
are meant by the phrase "strictly agricultural land,"
but we have no doubt that, judged by the Humboldt
standard of such things, the whole claim is true. S'an
Joaquin, Santa Clara or Placer standards of agricul
tural values may lead to different conclusions; but
they must speak for themselves. It is the Humboldt
challenge that is thrown to the world in the statement
quoted, and the world must meet it on the terms of
the challenger.
After paying a tribute to Northern California gen
erally, and conceding the high merits of each partic
ular section of it, the Standard says: "Humboldt has
richer and more productive valleys, as fertile and pic
turesque foothills and a wider diversity of industry
than any county The Call mentions in that editorial.
One good acre of Eel River or Arcata bottom land is
worth more than any acre in any county named, as
strictly agricultural land."
SOME days ago .The Call, ..in reviewing the
movement now going on for the advancement
of Northern California, pointed out the advan
tages of the San Joaquin and the. Sacramento valleys
and of the rich counties in the foothills and the
mountains that overlook them. In the course of
the review several of the counties of those sections
of the State were named in order to give definiteness
to the general description. In the list of names that
of Humboldt did not appear. It was a fortunate
omission, for it has given the Humboldt Standard an
occasion to speak for that county in a voice uttering
veracities with the vim and vigor of native eloquence.
THE VOICE OF HUMBOLDT.
If the courts keep on in their industrious course of
declaring invalid vital sections, of the city charter
that interesting municipal instrument will soon con
sist chiefly of holes, with hardly frame enough to
hold its nothingness in evidence.
There is no power to enforce the supreme law in
Colorado. The Sheriff of the county most concerned
is the president of the boycotting organization. He
will not call on the Governor for help as Sheriff to
enforce a law which, as chief boycotter, he has or
dered to be violated. Without that call the Governor
cannot act, and without his action the Federal Gov
ernment is silent. Therefore the condemnation of
the Chinese to die of famine and thirst must succeed.
Succeeding there, the example of Colorado may be
and will be everywhere followed at once and with im
punity, and it will be demonstrated that while we
build a navy to protect the national honor abroad we
are powerless to defend it at home. Therefore let us
surrender a covenant which we cannot keep.
We are perfectly aware that the prejudiced and the
thoughtless will regard it as an indifferent thing that
our people are permitted at will to strike down their
own supreme law and at the same time disown our
international obligations. But these acts- follow so
closely upon the cruel punishment of China for do
ing the same thing, even when she had only resisted
a forgery, that they must impress all of our fellow
citizens who choose to have a conscience and to un
derstand and respect the requirements of national
honor. All such will agree with us that if the treaty
cannot be enforced at home we should abrogate it and
abandon the commercial advantages it secures for us
in China. Anything is better than national dishonor.
Rather not a penny of trade; rather our ships rot at
anchor; rather the producers of pur export surplus
left with it to decay in the warehouse than that we
be written down a nation that will not keep its cove
nants.
By the constitution of the United States a treaty
is made the supreme law of the land, with the same
vigor as the constitution itself. This treaty with
China. is the supreme law; as much as a treaty with
Great Britain or an act of Congress. We may not
concern ourselves about the sufferings of the Chi
nese. But we may well concern ourselves about .the
power of our Federal Government to enforce its su
preme law and keep its public faith. If it cannot en
force its treaty with China we are clear that the treaty
should be abrogated and the commercial advantages
which it secures to us should be given up. ' Better the
voluntary surrender of every dollar of gain to our
commerce than to be known as a nation that will
not % keep faith. The one only destroys profit. The
other destroys honor.
We are all familiar with the violations' of these
rights and the nullification of that treaty. There are
places in this country where Chinese are not per'
mitted domicile or vocation, where they are killed if
they refuse to move en. The dead line in most of
these communities Was established before Christen
dom by fire and sword compelled China to respect a
forgery in a treaty. But since that occurred the Chi
nese who are lawfully here, whose rights rest in the
treaty, are being denied their enjoyment. In Colo
rado they are being expelled. A boycott has been
put in force by which they are denied shelter, food
and water. In the mountain towns of that State,
where the water as well as the food supply can both
be cut off, this rigid boycott has so terrorized the
merchants who supply food and the companies that
control the potable water that after several months'
resistance they have been compelled to surrender,
and the Chinese, many of them unable to escape, are
condemned to die of hunger and thirst.
This issue first comes home to the United States.
For our troops in China, it must be said that they
avoided the excesses of others, and for our Govern
ment that it took a course honorable and humane.
But now an issue is made , involving the power of
this country to keep its treaties. We do not hark
back to the beginning of our treaty relations with
that empire. It is history that when the Burlingame
immigration treaty was made it was celebrated by
joyful formalities in California. By its several amend
ments its terms have been restricted until it author
izes the exclusion of Chinese, but it still preserves
all the rights it originally conferred upon Chinese
who entered under it and have remained in this coun
try. By our pledged word in the treaty such Chinese
have the right of mobility throughout this country,
the right of domicile here and the right of peaceful
residence and pursuit of a vocation.
But Christendom professes the Golden Rule. It
has compelled China to discharge her international
obligation, to keep even a forgery in a treaty. Will
Christendom keep its openly made treaties with
China?
IN violation of treaty rights, though the same
rested on a forgery in the French treaty of i860,
the Chinese rose against the presence of white
men in the Middle Kingdom. In this revolt , 125
white people lost their lives and others were subject
ed to great hardships. In retaliation the Western
nations sent a combined military expedition to
China and inflicted upon that people the most cruel
and complete, the most harrowing and inhuman pun
ishment since Hyder AH ravaged the" Carnatic. Mur
der, arson, outrage and robbery left North China
soaked with blood and smitten by famine. Fleets
were laden with the loot of hovel and palace, of the
magazine and treasury. The Chinese were taught
that even forgery in a treaty must be respected as a
binding international obligation, and their punish
ment and humiliation were the subject of rejoicing in
all Christendom. ¦ 1
THE KEEPING OF TREATIES.
So they, all have, their troubles— these diplomatists..
When they are not talking too' much they are dis
charging the wrong 'employe.. On the surface their
lives are-smooth like that of the crater of a quiet vol
cano, but every now and then there shoots forth a
spirt of blue fire that shows something like hades be
neath.
Of course the stories told about Holleben will not
be widely credited. Discharged employes who go
about telling office secrets may always be looked
upon with suspicion. In nine cases out of ten their
stories are the result of spite, and even when they
have some foundation they, are generally gross exag
gerations. It is bad for Holleben, however, that this
story struck the country just when he longed for rest.
Now he will have to go back to Washington and pre
pare some diplomatic notes. '
moreover, who shone most brightly in the effulgent
rays cast by the meteoric Prince Henry. Everything
looked bright and fair for Holleben. It seemed, too,
as if he were solid. Alas for a world "where things are
not what they seem." : Holleben has his trouble, and
he, like Pauncefote, has hunted a place to rest. How
ever, he has not gone to Biltmore, where the Vander
bilts live. He has gone to Lake wood, where the
Goulds shine forth. ¦ . •
¦ ¦ : - •;• ¦-, ¦ . ¦ ... ¦ - . - - ' .;.s .. , • ¦ ¦•
THE SA^ FBAycISCO CAIL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
6
A2TTJSEME2HT&
Tivoll— "The Serenade-
Central — "Oliver Twist." . I
Alcazar — "A Coat of Many Colors." •
Columbia — "Arizona."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The House That Jack Built,"
Fischer's Theatei- — "The French Maid."
California — "The White Slave."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenlnr.
Ehennan-Clay Hall — Katherlne Flsk, to-nfght.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Xorrls &. Howe's Big Shows, Sat-
urday.
Bay Excursion to Vallejo — Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Auction Sale — This day. ct 10 o'clock. Trotters and Pac-
ers, at 1106 Golden Gate avenue.
Auction Salo — This day. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Wm. Layng — Thursday, March 20, at 11 o'clock. 150
head of Horses, et 721 Howard street.
By McGlynn &. Menton — Friday, March 21, at 12:15 o'clock,
stock of the Fleres Hale & Company, at room 22, Chronicle
building.
cheat ode to SI PatricK, by Edwin MarKham. o*b*t
EASTER EASTER
| EDITION # EDITION
I NEXT Washington Society as I Found It, *=** {
by Mrs. Chauncey M. Dcpew. svnOAT
Can You Describe Your Best Friend So
That the Police Would Know Him?
How to Train Animals, by C. L Norris.
i : : — "" ¦ — — —
Watch Pat and Hemy in J?ew Adventures.
Latin-Quarter Characters.
v Spring Shirt Waists for the Up-to-Datc
TH e ||l oman -
cALL a Read the WdMlfe Stories by Alfred ™ r
them all Henry Lewis. riSH^u.CLEVER BOXER WHO MEETS
YOUNG GIBBS TO-NIGHT IN
OAKLAND.
A special meeting of the members of the
Corinthian Yacht Club was held last night
in the Merchants' Exchange, Commodore
E F. Sager in the chair. Ex-Commodore
Carl Westerfeld raised a question of prlv-
Corinthians Raise Annual Dues.
ilege and Spoke upon It at some length,
but the chair ruled that the matter could
not be taken up at a special meeting
called for a particular purpose. Secretary
J. C. Brickell announced that the result
af the mail vote on the question of amend
ing the by-laws to raise the annual dues
from $12 to $15 was as follows: 175 in favor
of and 11 against the amendment. Commo
dore Sager declared the amendment car
ried and the meeting adjourned.
The bettors seem to like Gibbs* chances,
as he has been Installed favorite at odds
of 10 to 8. The flght is expected to prove
an exciting affair. Gibbs lost a lot of
prestige in his bout with Jack O'Brien,
and although he has won two minor fights
since then he has not entirely re-estab
lished himself In the favor of sporting
men.
He complained of being down too low in
weight when he foughfO'Brien as an ex
cuse for his poor showing. If he wins
handily to-night this explanation will
seem plausible. He says he is in the best
possible condition and will have no ex
cuse to offer on that score:
La Fontise has fought his way to the
front in Montana, where the sporting men
claim him as their own. He is a rugged
fighter and will give Gibbs a hard argu
ment. He has been training at Blanken's
and has made every hour tell in his pre
paratory work.
The preliminaries will be between Jack
Kane and Jimmie Reilly, "Kid" Lavell
and Bonar Wilt. A large delegation will
leave this city for Oakland on the 7:30
boat.
YOUNG GIBBS of Cleveland, Ohio,
and Mose La Fontise, recently of
Montana, will meet to-night, in a
fifteen-round' boxing bout In the
Acme Club, Oakland.
The charge against J. Pollard Crowther,
of passing a fictitious check, was dis
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday. The
Judge passed the responsibility of crimi
nal action against J. Morgan Smith, the
insurance agent, who gave the fictitious
check to Crowther, to the District Attor
ney. Smith was absent yesterday, but
Attorney Barnes was in court looking
after his interests. .
Detectives Whitaker and Coleman tes
tified as to Crowther's arrest, and said he
had made statements to them that he
thought the check given him by Smith
was genuine. Attorneys Craig and Van
Fleet made a motion that the case be
dismissed on the ground that no intent
to defraud had been proved. It appeared
to them simply that an attempt on the
part of Landlord Robinson of the Knick
erbocker Hotel to cheaply and expedl
tlously collect a bill.
The Judge said he was inclined to think
from the evidence that all the actions of
the defendant Justified the conclusion
that there was no intent to defraud on !
his part. If the story told by J. Pollard
Crowther and J. Morgan Smith were true,
J. Pollard Crowther had shown himself to
be very gullible for a young man who had
traveled. He had no doubt been gulled by
Smith, but why Smith chose to act as he
did was) something the court could not
understand. It might have been a Joke,
but it was a very serious way of joking.
"I don't understand," continued the
Judge, "why on ten minutes' acquaint
ance In a saloon J. Pollard Crowther
should have accepted a check for $100 from
a stranger, which showed that he is very
gullible. He took the check to Robinson
and let me say | that Robinson's actions
in the matter have been entirely honor
able. I don't think that Crowther in
tended to deceive Robinson, and if he had
been possessed of any criminal instincts
he vrould have sought safety In flight, but
instead he went to another hotel and reg
istered In his own name. All his actions
show that he was an Innocent man
o "LvF epeat hat -JL don^ t understand why
Smith gave Crowther the check. Crowther
says that Smith wanted $10 out of it but
this Smith denies. It is a very mysterious
case, and if Smith committed an offenso
with the intent. to defraud It is a matter
for the District Attorney to invesUgate.
As it Is not before me now, I make no
Young Crowbher Is Dis
charged by Judge
Mogan.
GULLBLE, BUT
NOT A SWIHDLER
Miss, Lucile Eaves will lecture to-nighi
at the South Park Settlement on "The
Fur Trader in the History of the West."
The lecture will be illustrated by j
ductions of Remington's drawings.
Will Toll of the Fur Trader.
Lawyer Pardee Arrest.
v Julian E. Pardee, an attorney, residing
in Susanville, surrendered himself yester
day to. United States Marshal Shine, ho
having been Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury for being concerned In' the
Lewis-Engle timber grab in Plumas and
Sierra counties in the Interest of the Loy
alton and. Boca Railroad, owned by J. H.
Roberts of Sacramento. Pardee was in
dicted on two charges, one of subornation
of perjury and the other of conspiracy to
defraud the United -States. He was re
leased on furnishing 52000 bonds. Pardee
is a cousin of Dr.. Pardee of Oakland anJ
of : Governor Odell: of New York. -
NEW ORLEANS, March 13. — Crescent City
results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Cotton
Plant won, Iola second, Larry C third. Time,
Second race. b!x furlongs^ — Parnassus won.
Julia Junkln second. Lady Brockway third.
Time,' 1:15.
Third race, mile and twenty yards — McWil-
Uarns won, Pay the Fiddler second. Little
Lois third. Time, 1:44.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Barbara Frietchle wpn, Lou , Rey second. De
ponan third. Time. ¦ 1:47%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Velma Clark
won Andes second, Echodale third. Time,
1:13*[ . • .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Woodtrice
won, Socapa second. Gladerun third. Time,
1:18. ; ' - .
New Orleans Racing.
President F. A. Hyde of the Automobile
Club of California announces . that ; ar
rangements have been made with J. M.
Wllklns of the Cliff House whereby the
members will have the exclusive use of ai
large parlor every Sunday afternoon. A
few members met Jast Sunday, but many
others, supposing the rain of the previous
night would cause the abandonment of
the meeting, failed to attend. Next Sun
day a luncheon will be provided for mem
bers and their guests. between 1 and 3
Next Friday evening, March 21, It Is pro
posed to have a moonlight run through
Golden Gate Park.
A. C. Alken has been elected secretary
of the Automobile Club, and may be ad
dressed personally at his office in the
Mills building. The secretary'a office,
howe*ver, remains at 415 Montgomery
street, as before.
Chauffeurs Will Meet.
WASHINGTON, March ia.— Representative
Sutherland of Utah to-day Introduced a bill
annexing that portion of Arizona north and
west of the center of the Colorado. River to
the State of Utah.
Bates is a member of a fruit shipping
firm in Los Angeles. The couple were
married last night at <529 Minna street by
Justice of the Peace Dunn.
Miss May Belle Strauss, who achieved
some notoriety by swearing that she was
of age to secure a marriage license ia
Oakland to marry Otto Harry Hibby,'
¦when in reality she is only 17 years of age,
has changed her intention to marry Hib
by. Miss Strauss appeared yesterday be
fore "Cupid" Danforth, accompanied by
her mother and Marmaduke Bates o£ Loa
Angeles. The girl expressed a desire to
marry Bates, who requested that he b-s
given a license.
"Cupid" Danforth asked what had be
come of the license secured in Oakland,
when Miss Strauss coolly informed him
that she had torn it up. She said she
had come to the conclusion that It was
all a mistake and that she felt she coukl
not be happy with Hibby, so she switched
her affections to Bates. Mrs. Strauss,
the mother of the girl, consented to ths
issuance of the license.
tions to Another Man Whom
She Will Wed.
Miss Strauss Transfers Her Affec-
PROSPECTIVE BRIDE TEARS
UP MARRIAGE LICENSE
Many new features have been added
since their last appearance here, promi
nent among them being the only perform
ing camels in the world, and Herr Setler
and his herd of dancing baby elephants.
This act was especially imported for this
season's tour. Another attractive feature
is Mr. Woodruff's school of educated
seals and sea lions, which is described as
the most novel animal act ever seen.
Many of last season's features have been
retained and Improved upon. The animal
fire department, In which dogs and mon
keys Impersonate firemen and manipulate
the miniature fire apparatus. Is an act
that will never grow old. The aggrega
tion numbers over 500 animals.
To-night at 8 o'clock Norrls & Rowe's
Big Trained Animal Show will hold an
illuminated street parade. The pageant
will leave Mechanics' Pavilion at 8 o'clock
sharp, and proceed down Market to
Kearny, to Sutter, to Grant avenue, to
Market, and thence to Mechanics' Pa
vilion. To-morrow afternoon these shows
will begin their annual engagement and
will give performances dally at 2 and 8
p. m. during their stay, which Is for six
teen days.
Illuminated Pageant Will Move
Through Prominent Streets of
This City.
NORRIS & HOWE'S SHOWS
HOLD NIGHT PARADE
The District Attorney, will investigate
the matter. He thmks the proper pro
cedure would be for Crowther to swear
out a warrant for Smith's arrest on the
charge of uttering a forged check.
finding in that" regard. I have resolved
the doubt In favor of the defendant and
the case i.s dismissed. *
There will be free transportation for such
exhibits to and from San Francisco. The Su
pervisors may take charge of such exhibits, or
may leave it to a committee of the Knights of
Pythias.
I urge you to go to work at once along these
lines. This is one of the few opportunities
ever offered to a State that has heretofore been
considered as the babk door entrance into the
Union. As your work progresses send frequent
and full reports to this office, also to H.
Schaftner. secretary of the executive commit
tee 6 Eddy street, San Francisco. Cal. Fra
ternally yours, L. S. CALKINS,
Grand Chancellor.
Attest: H. SCHAFFNER, G. K. of R. and S.
I would suggest that each lodge in the coun
ty appoint a committee of five of its most active
and influential members, and that several dele
gations unite as a general committee to ap
pear together before the Board of Supervisors
at the earliest possible session, and request an
appropriation of a 'suitable sum to establish and
maintain a county exhibit at the headquarters
you may decide upon having, whereby you
may induce a portion of the great throng of
visitors to make California their future home.
Ask your newspaper men. who are always
foremost in advancing the welfare and pros
perity of our State, to co-operate with you in
reaching the end.
Ask your Supervisors to help you out in this
matter. Show them that it is not for your
benefit but for ¦ the benefit of your entire lo
cality.
'•¦ Under the law (County Government Act,
section 33), the Supervisors of your county
may make a very generous appropriation "to
aid in or carrying on the work of immigration
thereto, or far the purpose of . exhibiting or
advertising the agricultural, manufacturing or
other resources of the county"; $3000 in some
cases and $2000 in others.
One good w,ay fs to install at your head
quarters in San Francisco an exhibit of the
principal resources and industries of your lo
cality, and - thus command attention.
Urges Making of Exhibits.
Would you like a number of our guests to
visit your locality? If so. why not attract
them? How can this be t done?
Every Knight of California is and of right
should be, interested in the development of the
State's resources. The trail of the conclave of
the Knights Templar in San Francisco in 18S3
found many a pilgrim who came here to par
ticipate in it, a resident of California, and
when the smoke of the campfires of the national
encampment of the G. A. R. in. San Francisco
in 18bl> disappeared there were many strangers
among us wearing the emblem of that order
who- had decided to cast their lot in the land
of the Golden Gate.
How shall we attract them to places other
than San Francisco, where the conventions are
to meet?
Unprecedcntedly low excursion rates from
San Francisco to different interior points are
being arrarged, so that all tourists can at a
minimum cost visit the sections to which they
have b?en attracted.
Last but not least there will convene the
Supreme Temple of the.D. O. K. K. at their
mecea of the Pacific, toward which the eyt:s of
the faithful have, by the teachings of Allah,
been directed for lo, these many moons.
At this great conclave not less than 80,000
people from beyond the confines of California
will attend. The lowest rates of transportation
ever offered have been fixed by the railroad
companies from every section of the United
States. These visitors will largely be people
of means, a great number of whom will un
doubtedly be enchanted by our delightful cli
mate and our varied products, and. make up
their minds to return to our shores to dwell.
At the same time will- commence the Su
preme Assembly of the Uniform Rank of the
order, and it is estimated that from 10.000 to
12,000 Knights loyal In uniform will be present
from outside the State to compete for the $9000
in prizes offered for efficiency in different
lines.
There will also be the Supreme meetings of
the Rathbone Sisters and of the Pythian Sis
ters, the ladies' auxiliaries of our order. .«
On the 11th of August will begin in San
Francisco the biennial convention of the Su
preme Lodge of the Knights of Pythias, at
which will be present delegates from every
State and territory of the Union, as well as
from Mexico, the British possessions on this
continent and Hawaii.
• In view of the fact that the Supreme
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias and the
Grand Encampment of the Uniform Rank
of that order will meet In this city next
August, and there will be more than
80,000 strangers here during the week that
the Knights will be. here,' I* S. Calkins
"of Nevada City, the grand chancellor of
the order in California, has been visiting
many of the lodges and stirring them up
to action. He has prepared the following
curcular letter to the lodges, and his dep
uties will send out the same during, the
early part of next week: •
NEVADA CITY. Cal., March 14, 1902, Pythian
Period. XXXIX.
To the Subordinate Lodges and Deputy Grand
Chancellor of the Knights of Pythias of the
Grand Domain of California — Brothers: The
coming of August next will mark one of the
greatest epochs in the history of California and
of Pythianism. Never before have the Knights
of this State had such a golden opportunity to
exhibit their loyalty to the order and to this
Western shore. Never in the past have the
Knights and the citizens in general had such
a chance as will be presented to them at that
time to exhibit to a mighty army of visitors the
wonderful and limitless resources of our com
monwealth.
Eighty Thousand Visitors Expected.
Urges That County Exhibits
Be Shown to the Visit
ing Knights.
Stirring Appeal From
Grand Chancellor
Calkins.
PYTHIANS SOON
TO MEET HERE
The Colored Boy's Chances Are Considered
Better Than Those of Montana Man.
YOUNG GIBBS FAVORITE
OVER HOSE LA FONTISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
7
MAINE'S CEIiEBY COMPOUND. '
Prompt Attention to the
Symptoms of Disease and
the Little Ills of Life
Will Save You Weeks
and Months of
Suffering.
Paine's . Celery
Compound
Will Quickly Banish Your Troubles .
and Restore Perfect Health.
Prompt care and attention to the little
ills of life will often save weeks and
months of suffering. If the common
symptoms of rheumatism, neuralgia, dys-
pepsia, kidney troubles and persistent
headaches are attended to when first ex-
perienced, by use of one or two bottles of
Paine's Celery Compound, these be-
ginnings of serious troubles are
forever, banished. If you are out
of sorts, have tired feelings, dis-
turbed sleep, defective digestion,
aches in back or side; sluggish circula-
tion or poisoned blood Paine's Celery
Compound will give to all the functions of
the body a fresh supply of nerve food, es-
tablishing strength and permanent vigor.
Its use encourages . an abundant supply
of pure, fresh blood, without which there
can be no health, happiness or real life.
Paine's Celery Compound is a matchless
remedy in cases of enfeebled nerves and
foul blood. The use of one bottle is suf-'
ficient to prove its value. Beware of
worthless imitations sold by some dealers.
See that the name PAINE'S is on each
wrapper and bottle.
DIAMOND DYES. * lve faste *" and brighter
. colors than any other dyes.
ARTIFICIAL TEETH
For the cost of material for those unable to
pay ordinary office prices. Teeth extracted
free. Fillings ajid crowns for cost of gold.
Open Sundays ana eveningrs.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor st., cor. Golden Gate ave.
TO THE PUBLIC.
A WARNING.
ilR. GEORGE MAYERLE is in no way con-
nected with an optician calling: himself "May-
erle & Co.," who opened next door to Mr.
George Mayerle' 6 established place.
Do not ask for Mr
VsR&gilSjVv. Mayerle when wishing- to
'^2c*2xSw consult GEORGE May-
#^j^V< crle, but INSIST upon
""^^ seeing GEORGE May-
erle, the German Expert |
Optician; Remember the number — 1071 I
MARKET STREET. An Eye with a
Crown on every window indicates George
Mayerle's Optical Institute; entrance
1O71
0§^ WONG WOO,
Iff? CHINESE TEA AND HERB
L£» ~7 SANITARIUM,
J|g|k 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
ffflfa^lMVp \ LL DISEASES CURED
rfWfliliiMW* /-* exclusively by Chiaeu
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to » p. m.
j*± ¦ ¦ K ¦ 43b Ammunition and Sporting
O Ql fTB Goods. Largest Stock. Low-
S BU est Prices. Until close o!
Ill IBviB B hunting season will offer
BJ %J I \i %fJl runs at reduced prices.
¦ m Send for catalogue.
SHEEVE k BABBER CO.,
738 M trketSt and 611 Katrny gt
AlTUSEMirNTS.
Norris & Howe's
Big Shows
STARTING TO-MORROW.
Performances, 2 and 8 p. m. Daily.
500 PERFORMING ANIMALS 500
EVERY ACT NEW THIS TEAR.
ADMISSION— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, 10c.
HgH^ RACING
-"¦^•—' —^^r* Every Week Day-
\0r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. ra., connecting: i
with trains stopping at the entrance to thu
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladle* and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
i land. Alao all trains via Alatneda mole con-
j nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
, and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to tho track in fifteen minutes. >
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. •
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLKS F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
BAY EXCURSION!
SUNDAY, March 16,
On the Elegant Steamer
1 GENEftAL FRISBIE,
VALLEJO.
Passing Benicla, Port Costa, Crockett, Va-
. lona. Martinez, and a great many other points
of interest. You can stop oft at Vallejo and
visit Mare Island navy-yard, where the big
transport Logan is now in drydock, and the
big new dock under construction.
DON'T MISS IT.
Steamer leaves at 0:45 a. m.. Pier 2, Mis-
sion street; one block south Market-street
ferry. Arrives back at 6 p. ra.
HATCH BROS.
' Fare, round trip, 75c; meals, 50c.
CHUTES ANDZOO *SJ%5T d
; BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
LAST CAKE WALK.
SPECIAL.
On Saturday and Sunday all children will be
admitted free.
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLECF,
Corner Sacramento and Webster Streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING, March 14.
DR. A. BARKAN,
' . "A SUMMER VACATION." !
(Illustrated by Lantern Slides.)
* • ADMISSION FREE.-^J^fe
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS!
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play,
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
America's Great Emotional Actress,
BLANCHE WALSH
First Six Nights and Saturday Matinee.
The New Emotional Play by H. J. W. Dam.
"LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Night and Special Matinee Thursday.
"JANICE MEREDITH"
Seats Now Selling.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE ONLY FIRST-CLASS MUSICAL SHOW
IN THE CITY.
Third Enormous Week of the Bostonian's
Opera.
XHE
Serenade!
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9. "
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
FAREWELL THREE NIGHTS OF
GEORGE OBER
Ia Broadhursfs Latest Comedy Success.
The House That Jack Built.
POPULAR PRICES.. 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matineet 25e.
NEXT WEEK— MELBOURNE MAC-
POWELL; supported by Florence Stone, In
"CLEOPATRA."
EVENTFUL VAUDEVILL1ANS!
PATH, CINQUEVAIiUl; TBOUBA-
DOBS TOTJIjOTJSIANS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIBDS;
AND THE BIOGBAPH, SHOW-
ING PBINCE HENB-Y'S BECEP-
TION. LAST TIMES OF THE
AUEBS; EVA MTJDGE; BLLXY
CLIFFOBD, AND THE TEN NEL-
SONS.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
LAET TIME— THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE WHITE
Of A \7 JIT Bartley Campbell's
V-J*— «*^ V 1— tm Beautiful Play.
Next Sunday Night— HOWABD KYLE
Presents the Great Americas Play.
"NATHAN HALE."
¦'¦ By Clyde Kltch.
Seats for Sunday night and all of next week
now eelllne.
BE LAS CO amoTHALES j^fite
TO-NIGHT. Saturday and Sunday Ev'gs,
MATIXEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Great Revival cf Dickens* Immortal Story.
OLIVER
TWIST.
A Tremendous Cast — A Bljr Production.
PRICES— Evenings— rOc. 15c. 25c, S5c. 50c.
Matinees— 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT MONDAY— JIMMY BRITT (the Cham.
plon Lightweight of the Coast) as the
Bowery Boy In "THE BOWERY
AFTER DARK."
BEA.TS KOW SELLING.
Bciasco A Thall, Mgra.
LAST 8 NIGHTS.
The Great New Tork Comedy Success.
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS.
NEW SCENERY— STRONG CAST.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND. SUNDAY.
Beats on B&1« Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 16c. 28c, 35c, 60c, 75c.
Next— "ON AND OFF/*
Fischers Theatre [
OTarrell street, bet. Btockton and Powell.
Telephone Main 231.
BUT j FEW
A I MORE
THE FRENCH MAID
THE LAST WEEK.
Everything Applauded. Encor«s Galore.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Those crushing prices. All seats reserved.
Night. £&c and 60c Matinee* 25o— wherever
you like. Children at matinees 15c Seats
now on sale for
"LITTLE CHRISTOPHER."
The like of which there 1* not
The cleverest, funniest of all burlesque*.
KATHARINE FiSK,
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
THIRD RECITAL
THIS EVENING
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
To-Morrow Afternoon — LAST RECITAL.
Reee-rved Seats, 75c, fl and fl.50, at Sher-
n-.eti. Clay & Co.'«.
PfllnrA Desirable location,
I uluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
'V ; unequaled ser-
51 fin v ' ce an< * niodern
UlIU conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
|ff*of|/1 made these two ho-
UlullU tels popular with
" . tourists and travel-
H/vf/i|c crs w ho visit San
llUlvia Francisco.
Weekly CaIl,$1.00 per Year
ADVEHTTSEMENTS. "
? TOO GREAT EXPENSE
Not the Reason.
It is not because Pyramid Pile Cure is
so expensive that many people decline to
give it a trial, but because they find it
too great a tax on their credulity to be-
lieve that the published letters bearing
testimony to the merit of this remedy are
genuine and bona fide; especially to those
who have realized the suffering incident
to piles Is it incredible that any one" who
has been afflicted twenty-five and thirty
years with the worst forms of protruding
and bleeding piles should be cured by the
application of a simple remedy, when
their physician has assured them that the
only relief is in a surgical operation. This
is rightfully viewed' with dread by all
those afflicted, as It means at the least a
great shock to the nervous system, with
more than a possibility of utter collapse
and death; in the majority of cases, too,
there is a return of the complaint, owing
to the fact that the cause is not removed.
The proprietors of Pyramid Pile Cure
agree to forfeit one thousand dollars to
any one who will show a single published
testimonial to be not genuine and unso-
licited; this latter feature is most gratify-
ing, inasmuch as these letters are written
solely out of gratitude and with the hope
that those who are afflicted as the writers
: have been may learn that relief Is at hanl
at a comparatively trifling expense.
Pyramid Pile Cure is for sale by druggists
at 50 cents a package, or will be mailed
by the makers to any address upon re-
ceipt of price.
Mr. Wm. Llchtenwalter, head of the
largest printing-house in Canton, Ohio,
says: "It is with the utmost pleasure and
satisfaction that I can say I believe I am
cured of protruding and bleeding piles,
after suffering more than twenty-rlvd
years. I have been in bed for two week3
at a time. I have not suffered In the
least for over a year, and I used' only
three 50-cent boxes of Pyramid Pile Cure.
.1 advise every person suffering with this
distressing and painful complaint to give
this remedy a trial. I have every confi-
dence in it." Write the Pyramid Drug
Company, Marshall, Mich., for their book
on the causes and cure of piles.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES^ POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
T> O TT C U 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAIC-
UnLiU ri Ci^ ers > bootblacks, bath-
l^UUUiiuu houoee. billard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorien.
6tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
kiUCHANAN BROS., !
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GRKAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. :
The inogt wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. I ;
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neya and Bladder. < Bells on ita own merits.
NABER, ALPS & BRUNE. Agents. ,
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.) ,
mEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE OF FALLING HAlB.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease-
Kill tlxe Germ.
Falling hair is caused by dandruff,
which is a . germ disease. The germ in
burrowing into the root of .. the hair,
where it destroys the vitality of tho
hair, causing the hair to fall out. digs
up the cuticule in little scales, called
dandruff or scurf. You can't stop ¦ the
falling hair without; curing the dandruff,
and you can't cure the dandruff without
killing -the dandruff germ. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." New-
bro's Herpiclde Is the only hair prepara-
tion that kills the dandruff germ. Her-
picide is also a delightful hair dressing.
-v IA/^T. HESS,
K0TAEY PUBLIC AND- ATT0fiNEY-AT-L\tf.
Tenth Floor.i Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bliis
, ' Telephone Main 983. •
Residence. 821 : California at., below I'owe!:.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
- • SB. PIEKCE'S BSKZBIES.
PB K linD X'C Ul? H T TIT helpless to the floor. Two rears ago 1
UlUlfl VlK 0 llMli 1 II. takia s nr ; H^SK?j
Medical Discovery and httle 'Pellets,'
and improved from the start. After tak-
iag twelve bottles of the 'Discovery* I
An Important Factor in the Hap- was able to do light work, zad have been
piness of His Grandchildren. g^°Sh7o7one of my^g^pTeaS
__!__ I owe it all to Dr. Pierce's medicines."
There are families 'where Grandpa's strength and the stomach.
visit is looked forward to with delight No man can be strong when the stotn-
and expectancy. Grandpa's coming rcii is "weak." The body, and every
means fun and frolic and enchanting organ of it, depends upon the stomach
stories. But there are other families for nutrition. This nutrition is supplied
where grandpa's visit is the burden of by food which must be properly digested
the year. The children dread it because " before it can be assimilated. When the
they know it will put a stop to their' stomach and the other organs of diges-'
romping. The parents dread it because tion and nutrition are diseased, the food
it will disorganize the household, every eaten is imperfectly digested, and there
member of which must keep step ¦with is a reduction of the nutrition necessary
_ ; - for the sustenance of the
hs*?~r%*\ -nCo^/^^^MI body. This loss of nutri-
/KMSZ^fcnL ) : O) tioa soon sh<ws itself ia
/5^^W*^ neral f eebleness or ia'
r^>^ >^ == S^' the " weakness " of one or
V)^U -~^ more of the organs most
-^\ ¦ < l^ rv S. affected. Thus it is that
¦Jy^^iy't £%~'jM j-» j^Wv**^ V W^"^"*5\ indigestion often results in
" 5 i^g^gi* >»'^<S^1 tM V ;?7 ,1 7^*l£ 1 disease of organs remote
1 ' iBE m * jk.i /*• ;H# from the stoinach » the Uv -
**A H lVv*i*C _JEg3»> \ r&r er, heart, kidneys, etc.,
/^^\ S>A becoming «weak.» So,
t^i ' \T ' nnV^^^L V^Cr»^ also> wtien tlie di3easec i
r\U^7 t V %Wk /^r^'i H WGolden Me d i cal Discov-
/#*|lVi \ X \ / 1_ 9 or S ans which were caused
C*~A it* \r?MS^rgl • " " I feel that I would he
zL L^rf$&E3i» <pf( &» i doing an injustice to you
TfyT^r? * y™" - «*»^4 f^fiSfj?* /»/ b 0 / if J dic * not xn^- y° u a
H/7 ip^^*** 1 *yC £y statement of my case,"
¦••f' H\f *>V i .'bMt ' / \ Jbsfrt k 3^ liver complaint and
V \]U V Zm^M$f / \rWft indigestion. Everything
fl fell Y f \ -JMSJ ill ym that I ate disagreed with
J I f &3lM \ // f£|5$|la W me - * suffered all the
•*• JPu 1/ 1/ fl>lli«l!il r time with swimming in my
f?<?I 1 V l|^^^^ / head; heart beat too fast;
ill J^r il jY$k cold all the time; did not
jLi/ r-7^- KprVr—^^ tft*e5i sleep well at all; was able
jfTt *^^Jr*/ to go about very little. I
f^Jf commenced to use Dr.
£"*j[ Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery and 'Pleasant
the slow shuffling tread of age, and sub- Pellets,' in May, 1897, and by December
ordinate duties and pleasures to the I could begin to get about very welL
capricious whims of second childhood- Have been doing my work ever since;
The difference in these two old men is except washing. Feel better than I
simply a difference of health. The one have for several years. I would recom-
old man is hale and hearty, enjoys his mend Dr. Pierce's medicines to all who
food, sleeps soundly, and keeps his grip are troubled as I was. I am now sixty-
on public affairs. The other old man is one years old, and I thank you most
weak an/I feeble, his appetite and diges- kindly for the happy relief and cure."
tion are poor, his sleep is unsound, he ._.„„
has no interest in life or affairs save as GOOD ADVIC E.
his personal comfort may be affected. • If you feel weak and run down; if
Healthy old age, whether in man or your stomach is disordered or dis-
woman, is largely a question of sound . eased; if there is heart "trouble," liver
stomach and pure, rich blood. To pre- "trouble," or kidney "trouble" if your
serve this condition nature generally blood is w thin " and sluggish, begin the
needs some assistance, in order to get use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
rid of the accumulations of waste, effete covery and you will begin to renew your
and poisonous substances which tend youth and strength.
to clog the body and impede the circu- Sick people are invited to consult Dr.
lation. It is also needful to keep the Pierce, by letter, free. AH correspond-
stomach and digestive and nutritive ence is held as strictly private and
tracts in a healthy condition, in order to - sacredly confidential. Address Dr. R. V.
properly nourish the body. , Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
health in old age ' Some dealers, tempted by the little
*w**, more profit paid by less meritorious med-
can, therefore, best be enjoyed by the icines, will attempt to sell a substitute
use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis- for "Golden Medical Discovery," claim-
covery. This medicine cures diseases of ing it to be "just as good." The very
the stomach and other organs of diges- claim makes substitution suspicious. A
tion and nutrition. It enables the per- medicine as good as the "Discovery*
feet digestion and assimilation of the would sell on its own merits and be
food upon which physical strength de- asked for by the customer, not pushed
pends. It cleanses the blood 01 clog- off on him,
ging and poisonous matter .and by in- ?
creasing the activity of the blood-making **»«».
glands, increases the supply of pure. One of the best medical books ever pub-
rich blood, which is the final ' form of lished, the most modern and compre-
nutrition and the life of the whole phys- hensive, is given away to those who
ical min. write for it. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
t! I suffered for six years with constipa- Medical Adviser, containing more than a
tion and indigestion, during which time thousand large pages and over 700 illus-
I employed several physicians, but they trations, in sent free on receipt of stamps
could not reach my case," writes Mr. G. to pay expense mailing only. Send
Popplewell, of Eureka Springs, Carroll 31 one-cent stamps for the cloth-bound
Co., Ark. w I felt that there was no help volume, or only 21 stamps for the book
for me; could not retain food on my in paper covers. Address Dr. R. V.
stomach; had vertigo and would fall Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ffl NEW SILK RAGLANS, with 'Wf /fflta \S?
Y capes, plain and white silk 'is AnF X \ lei
ft llned • $18.00 to $22,00 0
I NEW TAFFETA SILK DRESS 11 "'&• I *T "' ''' 3
il SKIRTS, tucked" and flounced, Hf ']'/; \ .A. i
I wear. 8 !'^ $10.09 to $25.00
m NEW SILK BLOUSE AND ETON (^^^^^^^m
(1 NEW CHEVIOT AND CLOTH BLOUSE AND. M - n CA ij
W ETON JACKETS, silk lined ........ $7.50 10 $12.59 Y
t\ NEW TAILOR-MADE DRESSES— Cloths, Cheviots and ¥
!/ Basket Cloths, new styles, all ready C1/ , CA . MCAA n
T to wear, §12.50 tO §35.00 U\
fir Clocktc a.b i %.«3L *JSvjBk5~&* Hou.vs & - 1EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Mnrch -13.— There was little de
c.lslvo news In wheat. Cables were not respon
sive. Northwestern receipts were Increased
tnouali to be. banrlsh and it was generally con
ceded that there was rain enough for tho
wheat Stat*« nt prusent, The weather was
ff nir.nahl'' ami, statistical Journals' stave de
cldciily hearUli advices.. May opened ' He. to
*M lower at. 70 He, to 7«%c. Corn showed some
strength * and helped wheat back to Its clos
ing position of yesterday. There seemed for a
time to be an effirt on the part of the local
dealer* to bull the market, but the covering
which advanced May gavt way on heavy -Hell-
Ing fcr St. Louis and It was evident that it
was bolsterlMK that aided the tone There
seemed to be an Inclination to let wheat
flnJ a lcA-el foi- export. Advices from the Fast
fay that foreign markets are preferring Mani
toba wheat to our exports. Farmers are re
ported as plowing up their wheat Jlelds ami
damage reports still come to hand. The sell
ing, however, forced prices of May to 75iAc
and the close was weak. May %g>lc lower." '¦
Corn made the best ¦how of. strength cf'anv
of the - pits. ' Southwestern markets •> were
higher, cables were slightly up .and th" in
terior movement was slow. When wheat broke
liberal sclllnc of corn followed and. May sllj
oft to 01c. where It closed weak. Vifj>%c lo'wer
There waa tome small action in May oaU
to-day and for a time it was. thought the ex-
Chicago Grain Market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Thn foreign market* 'were weak,
with lower Purls, futures.
.The general rains over tho winter wheat
bnlt have dona thn business forth* American
market » for ' tho tlnm being.' Chicago was off
1c In consequence, though for a time ths feel-
In* whs firmer under light offerings. Thn
bitter appenrnnm of tin crop, however, rhv*
tlie scalpers their chance, nnd Ihey Jumped
on th<! mnrket, beln« nsslpted by dealers, who
sold freely. The dry weather buyers nave
given up ami ore. gelling out.
This market v/nn weaker on thn soot, and
thcrowus a disposition to sell futures down
on the. morning rnll», business at 11MB being
morn active than for eomn time, Shipping
grades. were. a frnrtlon lower.
Hl>ot Wheat— Shipping. $1 11U; milling,
$1 12V213I lf> per- ctl.
CALL HOARD BALES.
Informal 'Session— 1>:15 o'clock— December—
20CHJ ctlB., $1 0U%. -
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls., $1-13.
Regular Morning • Session— May— 20OO ctls.,
$1 12%: r.o.fKlO, Kl 12H: IO.oOO. $1 12%. De
cember— 16,000, $1 oo%; 14.000, $1 ooji: 10,000,
$1 UJI. . • . ', ,4.»,Jfs-.K^i» V".
. Afternoon Session— May— 200() ctls., $1 32V4.
Decpmber— 2000, $1 r.l); 2000, $1 OOVi.
BARLEY— Was steady yesterday at about
the quotations of the preceding day, though
futures were somewhat b»tter.
Feed. 03% ©05c for No. '1 and 00@92>£c for
°JL grn .u P8: brewing and shipping grades, OC^c
©$l; Chevalier. J)5c@$l 20 per ctl.
CALLliOARD SALES.
Informal ' Session— 0:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls.. !«c: 20CO. o:s>4c. ;¦ .
Second Sepsion — No sales ' -
Morning Session— May— 2000 cJJs.,
93>4c;'40oO. KJc., . >^
• ; A^o noon Sess 'on— May— 2000 ctls.. 03%c.
OATS — There Is no demand of any conse
quence. Quotations remain unchanged. • ¦
uraye i...?l ntjifl 40; whiles. ?1 30@l 45;. Sur
prise, $1 40S1 45; black, $1 12%®1 22Vi for leed
Bterllpg Exchange, 60 days — $4 8ft
Hterltng Cables, eight .— 4 88H
Sterling Cnbles , _ .4 80%
New York Kxchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 07 >A
Silver, per ounce — n4Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45 ',4
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $200,
185. consisting of $8305 in Mexican dollars,
$1090 In gold coin, $li)2.700 in silver bullion
and $7000 in Peruvian soles.
Exchange and Bullion.
The movement In Apples continues steady
and supplies of all grades are plentiful
APPLE&-»2@2 M per box for extra. II "0®
1 75 for tfood to choice and COc©?l for ordi
nary. • ? •> ,
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranres. $1 OOC"
for standard, »2fi2 W) Cor choice and f2 fi<><U2 7S
for fancy: Extra Fancy. |3; BeetHInga. $1 604*
I 75; Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 7ficG*l anTi
yi MQ-i in half boxes; Lemons, "ScJlii f"r
common and ?lUB^l 75 for good to-rholc* and
$2flaB0 for fatny; Orapfl Fruit,' 12^3; m'xI.
can Limes. *0©7; 13anana». |2&a 73 per bunch
for N«w Orlennr and fl 25©l 75 for Hawaiian-
l J ineapples, »:Jv-l per dozen. . ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.'
FRUITS— Aprlcol», OOlOHo'/or noyala and
10O13o for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Kviu.orntr<l Apples, fVi/He; g Un .dried, So-
Peai-hes. eUe^Hc: Pfars, ft^Ooj Plums, plttH
6(B&!4c; umtUtccT. H4fl2%c: Necturlnta, 6U«(Jo
tor red andft»4<3«o for white; Kigs. ac for
black and C»fl!to for white. , ,":..,
PRUNES— lWl crop are quoted as follows
uo-s* 2%fff:H4c; «ju-ioo> W82%v per lb
RAltilNa— Seeded. 8-crown, Sc; a-crown, «M
iy7%c; Loose Muscatels. «i/ 4 c for 4-cro%vn arid
OVic 'or seedleis: .'l-crown. «e: 2-crown. H%k-
Scedlew Bultanas, 6^c for unbleached and id
8VjC lor bleached. Clusters— Imperials, *a; Do
htia, $2 10: Fancy. |1 76; London Lay erg
II 2b@\ 35. ' '
NUTS— Chestnuts. 11©12c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. O^o: No. 2, SffSVbc; No. 1 hardshell!
Oc; No. 2, 7c: Almonds. 10Ms@12o« for paper
shell, l»®10c for softshell and ««J7o for hard
bhell: Peanuts. Cijt'c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts
1201.2%CS KJ'WrU; 12(812iic: Pecans, U@Uv\
Cocoanuts. ?3 50(g5.
. HONEY— Comb. llVi@13o for bright and 10w
12c for llsht nmber: water white extracted, b«i
6c: light amber extracted. 4®5c; dark. 4c.
. DEL'SWAX— 27"(,«2l)c per lb. s
Provisions.. ;
Chicago was lower on . the* day. but . business
,was very good. In fact, the cash demand has
'been ; better during ' the past few days,' the
commission, houses being th«» best ' buyer*.-
Stocks are . estimated : as follows : . New Pork,'
•All grades of Oranges are cleaning up well
under a strong local demand. The market
is almost bare of Seedlings and small Navels
are becoming scarce. All Oranges comlne into
tho open market at present aie for the auc
tion, and four cars are announced for to-day'a
sale. There is no change In the other Citrus
Fruits. v
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Spring Valley Water was . the actlv» stock
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange
with sales at $93 25^92 25. . business being
stimulated by the current proceedings In the-
Board of Supervisors regarding ratea t£»
other stocks were dull. There waa nothlnr
new in the oil stocks. "otning
dow'n To* -IWmI 0011 SPrlnK V *"' y WatW Sold
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
THURSDAY. March 13—2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
•,•..:>.; Htd.Ask. • t» m *.,,
4i qr coup ..112Vill2% 4s qr c (new)lMtii3av
4s qr reg ..lllVilll?i.3s qr eoipT:iSg}S&
MI8CKLLANKOUS BONDS
Ala A W Co. T0H1O3 Oo BS Co Bs.'lOl l<y>t>
Bay CPC Os.107 — . Ombui C «a 131 _*"
Cal-st 8s ...tl«% - Pao O Im 4s bU -
U>?", t » «* * ~" 1U Pk *° " ««.IO7 —
Kd L*l» 6s.. — .— PkAO R Os 117 12fl
Fer&«« II «s.ll(J - p W |-it R S.1IT -
Oeary-st Bs . — — Rao Kt«li r.«. ¦ —
t>ALCo«t».— — . • (tf»0O) 113U — f
Vo gtd Os..— — . U010> ut?J _
Vo Rtrt Tib. T-. lOttU 8 P of Cal «i .
L A ft P fi«, 1W ¦ }|ttk . C l000)8r AilOO 109U
Do lem Os.KC 103 (HKi3)n r il 110 lint?
Mkt-St C .Ml, 12IIU — (tfKHi) ..7 li2l4 U0^
. Do lem rs*.11fH4 — U912) ....ir'ii i^v
NHofC Os.llUi — 8 V of Cal lit ' * %
Do Da .... — — I c gntd fis.120
N Pne C ns.10(HUlOS%' Do itmwl u« ~
N C«r R 5s.]12',i - 8P rtr CalSlloC Z
Oak Oas rm.tlft — •» v Wnt Cs.lll lttr
Oak Trn «n.!22li - I Do 4»-.!T iWu !!*•
Do 1st cns.UUi — Do 4s adm.iniv
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77V£ "8'a Port Costa .. nr.it. m
Marln Co.... r.7 — 3pHng Val.. w n"it
GAS AND KLECTRIC
Cent L & P. 2*1 — i Pac Ltght... 45
}2qt O L Co. UK 4 Mac E CJ&RC 25 3T
Mutual- — 4 H KG & E 4,,, n ,\^,
O O L & H. MVi C» 8 F O L Co Rt 45^»
Pac Q Imp.. 3S 40 Stktn O & E 8
INSURANCE. ~"
Flrem's Fnd.257 27f» 1
. BANKS. a
Anglo-Cal .. fwy, — L p & A> . Ji«^ ,- n
California ..122 .Her Ex nViV ki- ll0
Sit^StSSi 1 !! 1 - 4^
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...19R5 -.— ' -Sav. & i Mnn __ 1r
Humboldt ... — . — ,«ecirlty iSay^n »™
. STREET RAILROADS
California ..1»17"417.T Mark«t :..' oou n«\t
Geary ....... ~ . t,.V- Presidio V !_^ r^ 8
'- . , . 'POWDER. .. " °
Giant ;..... .'SO Sl'.iVlgorlt ... 3 4
DEGBEE OF AMABANTH
SELECTS NEW OFPICEBS
Those Who Are to Guide the Des
tinies of Order for the
Year.
The Grand Court of the Exalted Degree
of the Amaranth closed Its yearly session
yesterday In Golden Gate Asylum, when
tho following named were chosen officers
for the current term:
Ella Williams of Pasadena, grand royal
matron; George L. Darling of San FranJuc*
grand royal patron; Jennie Abbott O rives of
j aa B r HS«hV C . 0> ft ?" 1 n tat 3 gr * nd «-°y»» matron!
J. B. Hughes of Pasadena, asaoclata rrand
S ffi? ; Roma ™ 8 Williams, grind f«a.
urer; Fidelia Anderson, grand secretary; Mary
Ollmore Dunn, grand conductress; Cora Ore/.
ley associate grand conductress : Hattl* a"£
fn tho Kt^Fm™! 1 ?. 15^ 1 }"* u ""'» ««™Sl
weit- A n nTtn* C< M »'f ren - rnar.hal In th«
wen. a. U. Uettla. grand lecturer; Mrs H E
chrrUyf* ir * nd r * Uh: Wa B ' 8 P«n«. «r«d
It waa decided that the next grand ie*>
¦Ion .hall be held Jn Pa»adcna.
*«Wni P m U tt r r .°h n ur" ! " lCd by "'
N«rly all th* business that was trans
acted during the He«tlon was In reUt on
to , the, «ccret, work of the order rc4auon
Boy Robbers in Court.
Arthur Dlppet. Robert Connor and Carl
Pet^rsonr tho three boys charged with
robbery for stealing a pume from Mrs.
Fay at Van Nexa avenue and Marke;
street 'Tvittktay morning, appeared before
Judtre CabanHs yesterday. Owing to thru
tender nge. Connor and Peterson wtre
dlschargfd. but Dippel. who was trw
purse nnHtcher. was held till Saturday to
fee If his parent* will consent to sendln«
him to Whlttler Reformatory. Ii" |a ail
incorrigible boy, and the-Uoyn'.-and Girl*
Aid Society ref uses to have anything more
to Jo with him.
Engineer Corps Organized.
The Corps' of Engineers cf the National
Guard of California Tras organized on
Tuwday evening aa 'a company of the
First Regiment. Colonel Thomas F. O'Neli
comandcr. Major W. A. DesborouKh of
514 Jersey street was' unanimously electrtl
chairman of the organization pending thn
Tegmar election of officers acconiinc ti>
military law. • By-laws. v/ere adoptetl and
some preliminary action taking looklnq
toward;' the dividing of members into
graded classes for systematic Instruction
in- surveying and military engineering.
The rep-ula* racctins nights will be Tues
days. - -. • . .. .
Th« following are the p»asenal rainfalls to
date, sr compared with thogr of i?am» date
last f»ason, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This " Last
F'sticns — ' 24. Hours. Season. Season.
Eu:eka. 0.22 31.35 40. i:'.
R*rl Bluff O.OO 27. "S 22.17
Ka< rairento O.OO 16.15 17.1s
t>sn rr8ncUco. ...... Trace 16.52 '• 18.79
Frrsno Trace 6.83 10.28
Inr!rp«n<3«>nce 0.00 4.04 5.61
:.n Luif Obispo 0.00 19.85 27.02
Los Arsreles 0.00 9.37 14.10
San IMcko 0.00 4.64 S.OC
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
.%2; Bitntmum, 46; mean. 49.
Th* following maximum and minimum teni
,*r..; ji-r-f were reported from Eastern stations:
Bofon 08-50 1 Kansas City 50-40
Oln-.-innati 05-40 : Omaha 5C-38
Philadelphia 60-58 Chicago 40-34
Wafehlngt'sn 6S-55. Duluth 40-2*
Jartsfconville 76-00. St. Ixiuis .......00-42
' N*w York 60-5-1 'Salt Laka Clty...44-oO
THE COAST RECORD.
a g g o » *s
Ej *:» *j^ <!¦ J
Affria . .29.S2 4S 38 NW Pt Cldy .21
Bak^r 2!».«2 4O 30 \V Snow .«)8
Carson 2n.<;s 44 22 W Pnow .01
&ir*ka no.O4 TO. 44 NW Pt Cldy .22
PVesno 2T<.r»4 ••>>> 44 NW Rain T.
Flagstaff 2T».'>0 4<! 18 fiw Pt Cldy .00
Prw-atello. Ida. 20. 54 4^ 2« W Cloudy .02
In(5ep«»n'lFnce 2:«..Vi 5S 36 W Pt Cldy .00
I-os Ar.R.elPt..r.t.!»<l fi4 44 SW Clear .00
Plv>*nix 2fl.72 74 42 SW Oear .00
Portland 2:«.*0 44 ?.« SW Rain .32
Red Bluff TJ.Wi .'.4 42 W Clear ,O»»
Ror-<--burR 29.92 40 :<« (in* Rain .00
a»cram»nto ..23.W B6 • 4U SW Pt Cldy .0.1
Fait Lsk» 2».5O SO M . NW Snow .ftl
fan Frar.ciFco.:!(i.02 62 • 4« W Clear T
f. L. Obifpo..:{0.00 «J 42 W iloudy .OiJ
f-an Diego ...29:ft4 f.S f<2 SW Cloudy .Oil
Feattl* 2».74 44 V.i PW Cloudy .44
Fprkane- 29. «2 44 32 BW Cloudy 1.
tit** Bay 29.70 44 «4 W Clear .4«
XT* Ha Walla.. 2t»»«4 46 36 fi « - loudy .Ot
TVinnemurra. .29.ftfl 40 24 KW Pt Cldy .04
Tumi 2f> -'° •• * 2 fiW PtCldy .1-0
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 4S degreevl ~~
tt'CATUEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A marked dTr^salon ovrrlir* Southern L'tah
and apparently it- barklna; slowly over Nevada
t nt . < alirnrnla. Kquatly weather prevail* out
r».'rly th« «-tit|r» «-oun«ry -west of the Rocky
M.ujjislnt.. Hmow in failing In Nevada and
i i. h and ralDM ur* Jtkrty to occur Friday r< n
rr*lly.ovrr the eastern part of the iSiatf.
'Jh'-re has l^e n a fall of from 14 to 1S d*.
Rrrti In tfmr*rstur# over Northern California
N'rtl^rn • NVvada and Northern Utah. Onld
wave warninrs «r» dliiplayod in Nevada, arid
wrfilnr« ha^<- t».»n n<*ni lr>» fruit growers It,
ih«-:K«niimrnti> and fan Jnaquln vallrya th«*
yhrrp fronK; nmy occur Friday morning if
th< wind lulls.
I'orcrart rrn«1» at flan Francisco for thirty
hw r* «ndlng mldnicht March 14: '¦
;''oiih»-rn ir«lifnrnlH-~ Cloudy uns*ttlp<1 M-eath
»t Frld»y. piolwidy nhowMs; mtirh cnldcr Frl
<J*:' mornlna: hfiivy froet If th» wind lulls"
\>r hk'n(-rthwf«t wind Ilmlnlnhlna;.
:<r»u«hern cnjifomlii— «;ioudy uimrttlfd wcalh
«-t Friday, with o<-ra«lnnal nhnwern end snow
»<! »n» lu Uie inr.ijnthinr: much coldrr Friday
iri'rnln*: brink to high southwest wind*.
Nevada— 5nnw Friday with cold wave; high
vi^t^rlr v.lndu dlmlnlnhlnsr.
sen Fninrinco *>nd vicinity — Cloudy unspiu.-.j
«'•*(«'-!• Frlrtny. v-ith ocravinnal showers; much
fvlcr Friday morning: brisk northwest winds
lln.lnlEtilnr.
ALEXANDER G. McAIHIS.
Forecast. Of ilcla!.
LONDON. March 13.— Consols. 01}i; silver,
25d; French rentes. lOlf 32tfcT; cargoes on pas-
Bago. fcteadler; cargoes Walla Walla, 20s lt<j'l:
Lngllsh country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. March 13. — Wheat, quiet; No.
1 staml&rd. California, 63 .l^d$7(5s 4d; wheat In
ParH. dull; rtour In Paris." dull; weather 111
Enrland, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 'J7-32d. ,
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Cotton closed
steady, with prices net 4#11 points lower.
Interest In the better grades of evaporated
apples dragged to-day, but as supplies were
light the tone held steady. On the lower grades
a moderate trade was noted, within I quoted
range. State, common to good, 7<38"ic; prlmr"
!>#fH{c; choice, 9Vi®10e; fancy, 10Vi@llc.
Spot prunes were In good demand, with eomo
Hslf-H made at top prlcei on the larger bIzjh.
The markft Is strong, generally, though thn
smaller slr.es In large lots can probably b«
had fop a llttl* |e«« than quotations. LVprlcots
and pearhM show flrmneps and a fair Jobbing
trade. I'runea. .'IV4W7c. Apricots— Uoyal. 10<5
i^ : ;c Moorp " rl f^ «««'¦'• Peaches-Peeled,
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, March 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.'
15.668 barrels; exports, 6200 barrels; market
fairly active and steady until the close, when
the wheat break checked business.
WHEAT — Receipts. 143,450 bushels; export*.
02.P27; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 85Vac f. o. b.
afloat and 66c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
84»£c f. o. b.' afloat; No. I hard Manitoba,
87Uc f. 0. b. afloat. The futures market
opened lower, but rallied, for a time on the
corn strength and then had a second break,
attended by active long and short selling.
Th» olote was w?ak at %c net derrllnn. March
closed at 8l%c; May, 81%(g82 5-10c. closed at
M«ic; July closed at Sl^ic; September, SOTitS
81 Uc. closed at'SOftc.
HOPS— Quiet
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 2 29-32C;
centrifugal. 06 test. 3 13-32c; molasses sugar,
2 21-:52e. Refined, steady. <
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice,
6%o; mild.- quiet: Cordova, 8@12c. Futures
market closed barely steady and net unchanged.
Total eales were 60.000 bags, including May
$5 23® 5 30; July. ?5 45<g5 60; August. $5 55;
September. ?5 65Q5 70; October, ?5 70; Novem
ber, $5 75.
Flour, qr sks.. 7,694 Wool, bales 15
IVheat, ctls .... 80. 753 Cornmeal sks. 400
Barley, ctls .... 11,68.% Tallow c'tls ... 247
Oats, ctls 750 Pelts, bdls at
Beans, sks 3O'Htdes. No ir«>
Potatoes, sks... MSjLlme. bbla .... 873
Bran.- sks «15 NVine, gals ....109 000
Middlings, sks.. 510 Brandy" gals .. 30O
Hay. tons ~ 8S4 Leather, rolls.. lin
Straw, tons .... 17 Quicksilver, flki 40
Hops, bales ... 3 Sugar, ctls .... 4 "85
¦ ¦¦:¦¦¦ OREGON".
Flour, qr sks.. SIB I Potatoes sks .. 931
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr'sks.. 7. 7 12, Flaxseed ska .. 275
Potatoes, sks .. 2.303,Cornmeai, sks.. 400
EASTERN.
Cornmeal, ctls.. 400
¦ AUSTRALIAN/
Onions, crates.. 1,133 1 Wool, bales .... 21
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAT, MARCH 13.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $100,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $171,234,311; gold, $94,010,
347.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. March 13.— WHEAT— Steady but
nominal; blue stem, 60c; club, t!5c.
PORTLAND. Ma,rch 13. — WHEAT — \%"alla
Walla, 65@05'/ic; blue stem. C6®68>aC.
. The total of wheat shipments from this port
for the week ending to-day were 208,550
bushels. • • ' • •
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. March 13.— Clearings. $484.iS6;
balances, ?S3.M0.
TACOMA. March 13. — Clearings.' $23S,615;
balances. $51,338.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 13— Clearings,
$545,270: balances, $9S,710.
SPOKANE. -Wash.. March 13.— Clearings,
$207,598; balances. $40,010.
Northcrn Business.
EGOS— Ranch. 16e for selected large and
14Va«15c for good to choice: store, 13i4®ia c
per dozen. ¦ - 7a » J - i< -
Receipts were 53.000 pounds. 4 tubs and 1
barrel of Butter. 1504 cases of Eggs •'" 05 J
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
ChpfS? Chcese and Pounds of. Eastern
DUTTEK—Creamery. 26@26V jC per pound for
fancy, 26c for firsts and Z2\t,@2ic for wmnrt.'
dairy. 20(S2lc: store Butter. l7©10c pe ? e ,^ nds>
CHEESE— New. .10?fl0i4c; , oldT OraiOc^
•ioung America. SgiOc; Eastern, 13S15c per
Lggs advanced again yesterday. The situ
ation remains, about as before given, the ad
vance being due to the heavy demand for cold
storage speculation and local retail trade, both
of which are unusually brisk this year. The
exchange advanced its quotations to 14@lbc
for ranch and l^®14c f Or gathered, which
was higher than a good many dealers ¦ asked
on the street. It was talk on the street that
Hnn n fh m . Cm , be H rS ? f the «chan«e 'took the po«i
tlon that if. dealers were going out into, the
country and. paying more than Kan Francisco
quotations for Kggs for storage those prices
™ l um» i qUot if. d( p j. s P eclalI > # U large lines
ttere being bought uj> at them. This pro
yoked a lively discussion, which resulted in
result of this action was that th«
quotation., of the street and the ex.
change immediately became identical; both
being based on the actual Eales of the dav
regardless of the Interests affected. There are
plenty of Eggs here, but the demand, as ju«
Butter Mands about the *am>. Receipts are
free, but the quantity coming In Is about equal
to the quantity going out. hence there Is no
accumulation of stock. Cheese, however Is
weak with accumulating stock?. . The exchange
marked down Its quotations for dairy butter to
1 « l n Zoo. . a
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
j LONDON. March 1Q.— The offerings at the
wool auction fairs to-day numbered 14,000
bales. The. attendance was large and com
]'i«tltion was spirited. The demand 'was good
(•specially from the home trade. Scourcdn w«>re
in. larger .supply and sold readily. Merinos
wrre offered freely and the Continent secured
generous lots.
London Wool Sales.
NMW Yofttf, March id.— The inelal marketH
ivif ell dull. Tin declined about SS tiolnts and
10a at !,¦. in Inn. That market ijlofeed with spot
at £lln mi. I futures tit £111 Ta im. New v..tk
rlofcd with P|i6t at $20 26gau 45. The demand
Win Htedrrat* net* 1 , Copper wag t»d Iowpi* fnr
lakf, which elosrrl nt ia»icfE12 i Sc J elrctfoljtlt 1
was eiuotrtl at iai?i2%o and casting nt Ii!©
laiit*. London rlonpil 1 P Ur| lowrr at £&4 Oil
l'or spot find JC'ii for futurPD. tjpad was quiet
«nd steady Bt 4Uc, London was ntichanKr>rl
at £11 Hs t?J. PpeltT waa unohangrd here and
at London, llprn. ft 22',jflt 27V4 waa qucitedr
at London closing prices were £54 1'g'Od and
fiiturpa at £54. , Iron was steidy, locRlly.
1 j Ir Iron warrants closed . nominally. No. 1
foundry, northern, at $LS 60<gin 60; Xo. a do
JiS-glO; No. 1 foundry, southern. . $17 GOf 18:
do. soft, S17 r.CM? l*i. Enrllsh markets were
firm. Glasgow closing at 53s and Middlesboro
at 17s.'
N civ York Metal Market.
IJUa»>»lUelfpti. (IMfn.li in«rU?t sleailyi light
ami llalit iiilMil, |d «)©U 401 iiieilluiii mil i
hertvv, In aoiad
HirKWIwHeePlPli, aaooi «eak! WeiltrH
laiiibe, »0 6uuu ti 0 j Westem «hee|i, 1 1^9 Tfi,
HT, JUMUIMI.
NT. -JUIJHIMI, Mm,, Mhci-Ii 111,-UATfliH
llct'ellils, Illflili nlhtfijyi n»(lv@i, inirtu !6| uaw»
Mllll ll'if-IP, II it.ilfl T.Ti u.,||,., *:IUR 76 i Kill I,
»l's HIHl li-ilt.it, hi Mi-ffi 10,
JfOaH—IlspeliiiB (o-iiay, sa.OOOi to-morrow,
Vl.ni'ii, kn aver, -iihiii, fcticun (0 no hlghsr,
rlllkltlCr (Illll, Mln.nl Mllil llill.lini.', ljil|V|li fill;
Bnnil tit olinlra \\twy, III M\W H"i rou«h h#»vy,
Ks wit 1 wn Hi/in, (m uai iiuiu or mW m M
t/l' ¦'''¦
r*t I Iii I 1 III. "nil, I „, 10(10, tihi-i |i HIHl iHlllllS,
mivg, IIFfillU, Omul fii vhuira wftltmrs, It W
«ilf. Vfij H.....I 10 . I... I... IMU...I, M/ifil/i fin;
Wtfttftlit Ollt'NI BIHi I'l'.tlllllua, || WMb IHlj IIH
HIICAOO, March lit CATTLE— necelpts,
twin. Heavy steers slow; others steady to
•strong, lionii to iiriiiiK»* steers, |<J Mt'a'i 03;
poor m iiiaiiiiiin, M 'MQQ uo; HtacKera ami
ti'.iili-Ki, $3 000.1 sis; uqw8, It itvaU M', heifers.
»a r.iir/.', tin; i-HiiiinV, |l jniia 40; hulls, $3 -U»oi'
4 mi, calves, Mun 50; Texas fed steers, |4 "1
en do.
Eastern Livestock' Market.
THURSDAT. March 13— ft p. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03
Alta ......... 04 00
Ande 03 03
Belcher 05 06
Best ft Belch. 22 23
Pullion 02 Oa
Caledonia .... 41 43
Challenge Con 20 21
Chollar OS 10
Confidence ... 60 60
Con C & Va.l 23 1 30
Con Imperial. — 01
Con N T.... 01 02
Crown Point. 05 00
Eureka Con.. 18 —
Exchequer ... — 02
Ooutd & Cur 0© 10
Hale & Korea 27 29
Julia — ot
£«.tlc. a o|^6
£S^U-:: °± 8
Mexican 30 si
Occidental ... C8 C8
Ophlr os o>
Ovennaa ..... 09 10
Potosi I Jo j"
3* v *»» 08 08
Scorpion • 04
Be* Belcher.. 03 04
Sierra Nev... 14 13
Silver Hill I*. \} 68
St Louis .... _ 10
Syndicate .... 00
Union Cob .. 25 28
Utah 03 fly
fellow Jacket IT IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
800 Best & Uelcb. 23 200 Occidental ... ©T
200 Challenge Con 20 600 Ophlr 7^7... .1 00
200 Chollar 08 300 Overman I. 10
«° g C & Va.l 27% 100 SlerriV Nev U
200 Mexican 30 100 Union Coa ... 2fl
Morning Session.
SOO Best & Belch 23 1 200 ODhlr 1 nn
200 Caledonia ... 45 1 600 Overmaii' in
100 C C & Va..l30 600Sava*e .. ! o?»
300 Gould & Cur. 10 200 Sierra Ner r>
100 Hale, & Nor. 29 400 Silver Hill'"! fiS
800 Mexican 80 300 Union Coa .. 28
Afternoon Session.
*J82££UZ&& Bale8 la "• Paclac stock
\ Afternoon Session.
1£J°» Belcher ' C6 loo Occidental ... 07
SOO Best & Belch 22 ICO Ophir ..1 00
300 Caledonia ... 42 200 Potosi m
200 Hale & Nor. 29 200 Sierra! Nev .' n
¦W> Justice 00 600 Silver Hill .. 87
200 Mexican 31 300 Union Con . . 29
MINING STOCKS.
rollowina; wers the sales In th« San Franctaco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns; Session.
SOO Chollar 08 200 Ophlr l oa
200 C C & Va...l 30 400 SaYag, .".'I oS
iooSSSi 1 **.^: 100^ow Jacket XI
Board «
JJOO If 0 ma («aih) , ,,,, ¦ • •)
SOT Mont*. w'Hatd ,.,.,...! I flrt
600 Occidental of W V*. b 00..... ! an
TO Peerless ..,,,. ,.,,, „ -.,,
to Peerless, b 00. ......... . , , , . .'. a ?¦»
1200 Petroleum Center ......».,, t>f
-r,,, . *. Afternoon Seaaion.
oW) FOUP ...........in,,, aa
100 Hom«, a 00...... .....'. 11 K
600 Lion , ' * B^
loo Lion ...!!! m
160 Petroleum Center ...........""" 0?
10OO Sovereign ........ vi
BOO Sovereign, b 10 "" •!!.*" is
60 Sterling / !!!!'.'.!!! 113
riinOL-'.'IMIB- OIL R.VItAMfH,
Afi.iui.M.ii tiuaaldn,
Hoard —
411 lluia CI iiiHIImii I .. , ,,,, fl fl|>
jo p > Ud« » tiio.-irui *•«,,,,,,,,,, 4.1 !ft
V» t*H(H« VMUay Wntaf, ,.,,,,,, , , , \>i Alt
;u wi.iin» \uii-v U..I-I,- , ,,, iiji.i,',
. To Wt»r!n» Vailsy W||ir», 53 Un
? t'"i'i » »' «1 ArlsuilA (1WUU), ,,,,,,, ,11.) U,1
ItOOO N f <J ll It n« h, m .i4. tna AD
40 ('aiiiunii.t Fruit Cannsra..; 07 BO
fto tlutchlnsun a V Co ,,. M oo
Mi At a U well 23 60
i!3 ti !>' Um A Klentrla Co.. ,, !.*• 7 «
hi hiu-tua Valley Watvr , 04 OU
SS Hi-illiw Valley W«Ur, • 10 04 VA
f." infiii.« ValUy w.ii.r. in :.i
••¦a tuiii'B Vallay sv. 4 i.M-.... .'irjHp-j
!'.» WiMtnii ValUy W»ur ,,,'<rj 7ft
I limn i.. « .\iiHMi,-.-, in- n i,, (11 .i, ui v.
ijdUO »• l • * (» i v i, iii.u t ll V.
liuuu Ii I 1 Df Arliun* (11)16),,, ,,1U fit)
r.ui'ti (,.« AngsUe fly 1)4 bonds,, ,.,,,, 131 83
Morning 8e*4lon
Il.ur.l —
Alaska Pack.ioa n.i i>ao A F A. - A * —
rul Krult as. U7U 08 Pau C tiers. 105 —
Cal Wins Aa. im' s ii.o far I'aint .. lit —
Oceanlo S Co 37 tu
MISCELLANEOUS
liana 3 3U Kilauea .... OU —
Hawaiian .. 37^ 40 Makaw*U ... 25 23%
llonokaa ... 11 'j l-'j Onomea .... 21 -1' 4
Hutchtnson . — l:iU Paauhau .... U n
SUGAR
. !? AME .~;i Ia / ei •« :' Rabt»lts. »1 50 for Cotton
tails aivl $1 for Brush; Uray Oee3e. S3- White
! Je "S^ 1 rP : ,J Jra . nt - SVd2 P er anzcn < "on
kers. Slfji r,o ; English Snipe, fj@3 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 oO§2.
Receipts of Clam* were B7 sks. Hare, Gray
Uecse and Brant were plentiful and weaker.
. POULTHY-Llve/Turkeyis, 18«14(3 for (Job
"Jt-rs «nd 15®lflc for Hena: Gpese. per pair.
IK^f 1 7 , 5 J " O8l J n K 9 - W 25-92 50; Ducks $5^
ft W) for old and ?li 60«jfS for young; Hens *4 .W
©S 50; young Roosters. $«^7; old Roos
i^'r'nJl* *5' ff4 6 . 0: Fr > crs . SS'&O 00; Broilers.
U r,O@.j for large and $3£* for rmall;
Pigeons. $1 fiO per dozen for old and S2 73£.<
3 for Snuahs. . v fc
Th«> fourlh car of Eastern Poultry for the
week wan plm-nd on the market yesterday anj
was readily disposed of. liocal Poultry was
In Illipial tcoeliit and the demand and supply
a turn I balance. Hmnll young stock was a little
wenk. but quotations lor all descriptions were
unchanged. '
Poultry and Game.
W? fHf Ny. Ui lltniliHrfi, »t/TiM (Ireeti VmS!
mill « iifHim, finm fi.ii» aubsi/k, iut ft fb-l&u. Iii*
t'lijillliM Wmi L'fllibrtBj. 4«u pel' I'll. 1 1km Ail
lief erHlet Mekluaii Ttuiml^t., T8e«»l kn |ier
)m* for rHiHt'kedi Dried Pyuiem, lotttle per
UWJ/,?." AnieifB do, liKBlTijifij Uiled okm,
l?Vr auo K er lb i ta 't ot "' (| 6«S0d per saek
1/ofheuM i t'uuunioei-i, »Jigl fjftper dusdtii UaN
Ik 1 , HitJI'dei U)« Aimelee dfeeii t'eppeis, »=-»i
Mexteaii do, lUqlSct T:« Plant from Los An.
m« Its. =— I Butiniiof BtiUdBh from Lus Aiiseles,
-—I Marrowfat Kquash, $lu pel' tons llub«
brtid Buuaett, |1O| Mushrooms, nominal.
ai°JJ!J t .t N .N-ni'»aiinii, iu«da m fur »h« Mi and
fi'r^! 1 ,/!" 1 u '\^ H'ft'i^i Aii«ti'»li«H, |y«:j um
tliiipit iinl.ina, fuNiiiiti,, ,,,< r i,,,,,,
I'OTATOKN^n moi flO far Hurbanks. from
the rlvari Omwh Uurtwnka, II !l«fil TOi Or*
II nftni iitii Hiiciy H'>*e. for »,, ,1, »| Tfli »n\*\\
Offerings of Onions were mostly poor, and
thane- goods, aro dull. Cholco stock is scare*
and commands good prices.
Kecelpw of Vegetables from the Bay and
Jtiiiitinrli and «7 Rackw Peaa.
Mora than half of the regelpU of Aiparagus
were houglit un tar Eastern ihlpplng, and
prleei continued high, although a frtn« lower
'•'*» on the previous day, Choice Rhubarb
.rf*rlnB« were nmnil ami suld slowly at rathar
nsiwui y rnles, Um .m.k.i.b VasafaLles w«r«
In llvlu reuelpt, AUout U5 imukagea at Peas,
ih. tt .L'2i Ml iV . l0 "l*""» w*rs reuelvetl and prlues
snuweil little ivliunti*.
Potatoes were active and choice Burbanks
were In demand and steady. The Puget Sound
steamer brought 2305 sacks, chiefly Early
llose, which were firmly held, New Potatoes
from Decoto and Niles were offerlne at ifiSo
per pound,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening c 1% flltt 6 V»
Closing e 1% 6 Us 6 %
PARIS. « ,
AVheat — ; March. May-Aug.
Opening 21 J!i 22 20
Closing 21 40 22 15
Dour— .
Opening , 2fl 25 27 45
Cloning 26 25 2T 40
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
E-AN FRANCISCO. March 13—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Mail *«Jvice» from K*w York Mr] "Th«r«
f. .M,,..., to Im 1...1.-.1 mii aetlv* j..».i.iiik ii»
n.. ,»4 i>.f Hie pdiuMiml Orarriiitltm* and » tun
p|d 1 i> Mn dctie*- uf nimiips* 1* uli»*rved ttnunif
t,' 1.1. ni mu'lruis, £torhi am ieneimUy li»
»ii.<im iuniii'1 mill miliin \h» nunicil lutiuu
»hl-« ii*v* iiHfl ninrt* 111 a fulrly Uil« way lo
(.in |.i, hI «mi 1. ... i> it.ii 1 1... .11.1 1 II. hi. ¦¦•
1 1, 1 |h ...... 111 1 ... ii j ¦ i.i.'i.ii 1. i,ni • 1 aiit} mi ...i>
.-. la ..1.- Ill • I -• . ¦..11,1 ii'i.t Vel>> III HI lilt
. I - ¦¦.¦¦! i-i... j r'"' : '" II) I" '""• O<» Hi"*"
nil lt)> ¦¦• < I* 1. i-ii'.t •tmii. '"• l«ih'
»:¦¦ - |,ni<i«iii »<•¦ «lif|«i«"l «« «i»r« «imii»»«
*lin!ii iti« >uaA«jd rwttfe fpr l«»th »ntl»lile *»lul
• •¦¦'.= .I",-, 11. .M new. 1 TliffP ll ft tie .in.; 1..1
iim <i< «"¦•"' "•-" fruli. with uif>"( i.'.i.in* it"
wiliiiii «'» »«»ll unfl*! 1 ««!»? »i'J t»'iit« mkinii ut»
«u fg fui <*Ur«». OH BH4HW IBt<r» III'
qulr* U nuti'l mnJ ci-nt>» lu'ldem «iuei«« u» t'?
«*•»«•• Psle*. liftwev^Ft aie ifpm-lcd «t OUu ftrf
1 ¦ •¦¦' <!..-« In ;•.-. !!¦ brke«. pir-« ••••- !«»«=.
-,"«¦¦>= ciid >" i»'« nf IH letter «.i|.fif Bt.,i i'.
tt'»tin|t <• net eo fltm «e on ©Iher -ir^p On
• ¦¦ --ii «¦!¦<>. i.'" i*"« ei'l, the j. .i.i. um (nice in
ill' lit bm, I'll thlli flgute Ii F.ir, , j.iit.in c r
t !¦ ¦lii-e In rarload kUc It It believed, Cuait
mi * ¦ ' « ir t ...n a k.-wi hievetnetit tot vk\^\{ mil
jer middle Western aecfunt, the latter war*
kttt, It Is Ftpf.l. !¦¦ ire fiitlii!)- above Ibe par
11;. of ¦ ¦ ,i'i laid down, lu ralelne spot eeedt>d
t>r«Krriig PDine acthltr fnr 1-lb cartons, and
«'.l'if' Idea* ate cMiiraily nround .">','' Still
P%i! fcr choice ana f«tic>-. c»ccB*ioti«lly *alp»
•r» heard of at belnw this flgnre. On !••
crtfii loose fj.'ot Is notnlnail)* quoted at ?c.
but Tib lipar of business In round lots at G\c.
V*|ianls layers are held firmly at TUf- Bui
tanas fire quirt. In currants the market It
fairly steady, but unchanged as to prices.
Offerings of unclr>an»d in barrels are available
nt 6i*'- to M 4 i- fnr flnp Amalia A llt
ij* Inquiry If noted and a few sales In email
lot*, fcr Jobbing account arf notod. In datcj
the situation rr'-i'Rnts no Important chanpe or
Jest up*. ppni«» bu6ln*-5s In round lots is re
portfd. vith pries holdlns; at quotations. Ftps
*rt i-trady and In moderate request for both
la>»rs and bag *tock. In nuts Naples v.-alnuts
arp pxtrf-mriy Fcarce on the spot and the feel
ing is strong."
Dried Fruit in New York.
"in i.;-.. rj... .1 the f.....i demand continue*,
r* 1 rlcularlv for th« kmaller packaeea, and u*
rb.<l«i MDalltlfii of Fraiter niver ure In exceed
::¦¦!: krnull tuinj-afcn Itatdem are invlliied to t>r
»iry flim."
• 1 he salmon market if «juiet. with price* un
clisnjred. Alaska red are not in large supply,
bvi Huget Sound ealnion Is plentiful, although
th 1* I* no ditpoBltion to reduce prices."
.\!ni! advices from London say: "The rnar»
l«i rfniairm firm, end though transactions are
re, en a !;:!»••• n hi.- a fair amount of bucinees
t« i<»»iins-, Tall* art- t< ana and wanted.
Mall advices frcm Liverpool say: "California
rruits meet with a very steady demand at
pret*nt reasonable price*. Peaches ar» in
ibert supply and are firmly held. A good buel
ut;-s U btlng done in tomatoes at the recent
id ianct.
FfM^Jf ond Salmon in England
NEW YORK STOCK MAHKET.
Btock— Bale*. High. Low. Clone.
Atchlson a,40O 75»» 74** 75
AtchiEon pfd 1,800 litiU S'lU l»»5S
Baltimore ft Ohio. 4 6<X» 105** 1W*. 104's
Halt A; Ohio pfd.. P4
Canadian Piciflc. 2.0O0 113*i ll;|i* 113%
Canada Fouthorn., J.atJO 8S'* 87 ij 87 "k
<"h»s & Ohio 2"U 45^ 451% 4f>',1i
<"hl<-ago t Alton.. 6W 08 !» .Tj' M',»
«"hgo & Alton pfd.. 100 75' 75 74i a
ChKO. Ind &. Ia»uU. IHKJ C3»i t>3 (J4
Chgo. Ind & 1/ pfd WM) 70' 4 71) Ih
<'hgo & East III... 1.200 1W 15S<4 V<0 '
OlKO & Great W.. a. 300 24'i 24'« 24 >«
Cliwk O ff A pM 100 S3' &9 *S
Chgo & O \V B pfd 45
CliKO & Korthwttn. 200 227*» 227*i 225
Chgo, n I & Pac. *fwj 1B8% l'iSJj 168H
Chj,o Term & Tran 1.000 10 18 18>»
Ctno T & T pfd... 2,000 38>j 34 .14*,
c, c, c & st l.... :v>o ioo^ io«t; lcoii
Colo Southern 14,800 2S% 27 s i 27?«
Colo So 1st pfd... 2,000 7.".'i 7."*."<, T-i 1 *
Colo So 2d pfd 4.500 4«'j 45*4 45' 3
Del &. Hudson 30y 171>s 17lij 170>j
I>el. Lack A \V 27O',i
I>enver & Rio Gr.. 400 4S«g 43', 4H
l>nver & R G pfd: fc'JO 01 J>O&s 91
Eri- .V5oo • :;c% w^ .w;
Erl» 1st pfd 000 «7«i 07U 67^
Erie I'd rfd 400 r.4«i M 63 W
Great Northern pfd 200 183 184 185
Hooking Valley.... 4.MI0 71U U»% 70^
Hooking Val pfd... 2.200 S6 S4>^ &5»i
Illinois Central ... 500 1.19V 1S!M4 188%
Iowa Central 000 49«j 4» 4f»
Iowa Central pfd.. 4O) 83 S3 $2
Lake Erie & XV C7
Lak? Erie & W rf d 120 *
LouiEvIllc & Nash. S00 1041J 1(3"^ 103*4
Manhattan Elev... 30.W0 132^ 132^ 132
Metropolitan St Ry. 1.300 lCS«g KJ'Vi 107Vi
Mexican Central... 14.300 SOU 29»» 80
M-xican National.. 7,500 25>4 W% 19 R i
Minn * St Louis.. POO "HO'?; 110»i* HO',4
MiBTOuri Facinr. . . 5,100 It9'j 9S>* 08'i
Mo, Kens & Texa*. 400 24^ 24^ 24<i
Mo. Kan & T pfd .' . 53»4
New .Ttrper Cent.. ' ' .... 18S
New York Central. 600 162 161% HU»i
Ncrfolk & West... 100 6C»4 56V4 5B^
Norfolk & \V pfd Jtn
Ontario & Western 1.400 32% 32V4 32»i
Pennsj-lvania 12.CO0 l.Vn^i, 150>.i 150%
Reading 25.000 f.5^ 54^ 54%
Reading 1st pfd... 1.600 SUi SIV; Si
nsadinjr 2d pfd 1C.4O0 67 % 60% ««T fc
Pt Louin ft 6 F..:'. 100 60»4 C0>i Gf)%
S L & S K lEt pfd ....'. R3
S I. & S F 2d pfd. ¦ T.ftO 72 72 71^
St. V Southw»st«rn. ono 26l' t 26 2!i'2
Pt I> 5«e«tern pfd. 2.1f>0 PRisj f,7 f,7^
St Tai'l !>O0 164 103^ 1««>4
St Paul pfd 100
Southern Pacific... fc.ftOQ «4«£ 14>4 H4'i
Southern RailTi-ay. S.lOfi xi r?2H 32%
So Hallway pfd.... 7.M0 !>«*; Jir.'i ftO>»
Trxas & Pacific... WO 8»« .10% SflW
Toledo. ?tL* W. 100 22% 22% 22
Tol. St 1j & W pfd. POO 4014 4n MH
Vnion Pacific 7,400 PflU ri*^', ok%
T'nlon Pacific' pfd. 1W R«"; Ksa; SfiTi
WabaEh 400 231J 23 23
WabftEh pM .. SOO 42 42 ¦ 41T4
V.'hffllng- & T^ak» E «,MV) 2-T»i . Jt»'% 2O<<<
W ft I, E 21 pfd.. 1. 100 32% 32% 32»<J
Wisconsin Central, fl.200 24H 2.1U ?"?«/.
Wisoonsln Cent pM 1.800 45<J 44U ii%
Express Companies —
Adams .... 202
Amorirsn .... 22."»
l T nit*d Slat»s ¦ 110,
WVlin rariro l»O
Miscellantnuc — ''.a--'
Ainnl Copper 87.700 r,5% 63% 65
Amer Cur & Found 0,400 31U 30% 31 'A
Amcr C A F pf<!.. MlO M»«i Rf» ROM,
Amrr Uwwl Oil. 1,400 2.T 22% 22%
Am^r Mn Oil pfd. ?00 BS M r.4»i
Amrr lAtcnmat\v*.. 2.H00 ?,2\\ nj% 31 «;
Amir T^k-o pM '.. 100 {»2T4 02T4 fl2»i
Anw Pmolt (i Rr-f. .'too 48% 40% 4«4
Amrr H & Tt |iM nsyi
Anitran'la Mln Co. 2.S00 . «1 U r.0% 31
Rmoklvn UapM T. IR.aoo 1 w(ij r.xrZ »'4".
Cr>]rr»4o F»*\ A I. ."..300 fi* 01 U n|M
ronsolldstod n««... 2.100 222 220U 2201).
Ton Tobaewi pM.. J00 UR U7>4 11«
ftVnM-il Rlcrtrlp... I.noo 301*4 nft2«4 30.1
<iUtfn** H'ic»r .......' 43
Horklnir f.a»\ , ;... ,'i«%
1nt(»rn«tlftn<il Pap»r l,:tfto 20*i 70U 201;
International P pfd flOrt "4% 7<Hi 70
Intrrnatlnnnl Tow sjii
KarJH* O«? ...',.. ..". .... nn
Katlonnl iiii"-uit . . BOO <\> <m^ 4m;
N'ntlAnnl 1.»«.1 .... '. . . .... 17.'
North American... 14.B00 lf»fl*i 100 in.*,"«i
f'acin<* Ohm 7V
Tiirlfii- Mill 1.700 40 <m; 4g
p«-r)rl«"» nan ¦ *nn ioo»; ino«i iooh
PrrnnM Kiel C»r. 1.40n 40*4 r.OTt 401^
t'r»-»«fd 81^1 r pfj 300 fit" S3 fi»n
I'ullmdn Pni Ccr 2?R~
Tt^fiulllp m"M ... 2.iOrt is% ir ir ,
pr public Ktppl pfd. 3.100 7.V1 74 7fi
fupar ... .'. . .V. ;. . B2.f'O / > ! l?<\% * i?ri% wu
Tonn Coal ft Iron, fl.ono m fl"U chi;
T'nlon n A P Co. . 100 15H _ 15W 1 r. i.J
rnlon n * V C pM ...s. ........ 7f»
1' P leather son 11R; hi^ ju'j
TT S leather pfd.. 700 «"!', «2U S2V.
t: r K«hb«T aoo i.-»n 15 ir.i!
t' p Rubber pfd... ion nnr; :;n»« . m
IT 8 fiteoi 14.100 • 42% 42- 42U
IT B Stfrl pfd..... 23.100 04% 03% f»<U'i
Western Union .... nor:
Tolal rales ..... .173.000
NEW YORK BONDS.
tT S n»f 2% re^ 103 L. 4- X unlf 4n...lO2H
IT S ref ? s coup. .100^ Mexican Cen 4s.. S2%
17 S 3* res UK)*,; Do 1st lnc XIV.
ti R 3s coup ,..'.100V; Minn ft St I, 4n.1f«U
ITS new 4s ir<r.13!)V4 M K * T 4s .... M%
17. 8. new 4s coup. 1%!% Do 2ds Rl 14
T7 K o!d 4e reg...111v t x.y Central lsts.10.:*:
1; S old 4s coup..112VJ Do gen 3^8 ...10S
17 R ."* r^r ...y. 1 . IOO14 x J Ont ten 6s.13K%
US 5s coup ...;1O6i4 Northern Pac 4*. 105 a;
Atohjson cm 4k..1O.*(1.; Do 3s HV%
Do. adjust 4s.. 03ft Norf & W. con 4s.lO3&
¦HHsBsWsHBBBsiinBsWMKr: ' ' . ¦
erahjp cf the market in time of great general
speculation, were neglected and almost i im
movable. In such stocks as Union Pacific,
Southern Pacific, Atchlscn, St. Paul and Mls
fcourl Pacific, as well as many other usually
active stocks, the outside range for the day
did not cover more than half a point and in
tome only a quarter. Yet the large dealings in
korne of the largely capitalized industrials anu
in railway specialties of email capitalization
there wai sufficient activity to give the niar
ket some appearance of animation. Amalga
mated Copper continued the most tt'.'tlva »tocl(
In the market and the acute weeklies* of yes
terday was overcome by vigorous *upiurt. AC'
to ruling a fraction below last nUn*. during
the early part of the day It ro«c above In
the afternoon and eloaed with a mt Ruin of
a pulnt, Hui, r ar took Amalgamated Copper'*
plhca in the .olun. n uu.J auffered an extreme
decline of nearly three point*, but recovered
all but a fraction of It. The varying uplu
linn ..ii the 1-huncei of Cuban vuear fur a tar
Iff i. .iii-i-t.nii.it wi-ie the Kptculatlve material
I", iiiih i ...» ii« uiiii, - Manhattan advanced
Mi.'iu;l>. An uncovered Hn.it Interent wua
reported i,, t,,< „ iu.i.,1 n, this ailvuncs, but
i-pi'iu woe current ..r Urge oarnlngN, Oilier
»tmng imiiit* u.ir North Autarli-Mit ami a
iM.ii,i,.r uf nilnnr »j.r. i,iiiir» wltliout any ••»-
I'lwii -ill. -n riirHKlli III the euUlll n.rt|.-l<» WA«
• Mi- I" Um- l.fllrf ilml dKi.niii'iili U,u\ hecn
n.iilii.l H|||i n.n uiiii. ir. |. iii |||« ..iiil.i... il.
'"¦! t( I. Ill . I. .1 |i hi HIM Ih .< uf Ulli.-Ii»ll|rn» t.Vcl
UlK I* lull .|i|.HIi.|l». It. {...I In |lf III I'M! . nil
it..i< t»ii » in >..ii.< no i nii» ..r the cotinuy w»\*
.ic. iirr..i uiih iiiui-.t and were ui»>. n..nn-
Hllltl <|.-|i| l railiK. Willie •prill, I k|u| I.D «Mn>
...I. »•..!).« ..il,. -ik Warn »n.,|n| |,v ,, ii .111 ml.
IMH k..| r . nil.., ImvlllH ,.,.l..«i..l l.. rill ?.ll..eu,
iii. I ...iim.. .-. ii<> .i.|,,.>m ,,r t in bo iJiiui i. i» ,.|
ii IMlllllih il,.||,i|t> nl II,,. null ll, ntniv fill 1
lidit#lfr (» Mini li'irtininou fxll^rt r«n«H^il «(.
(PliUuli In <lie ciiu,.ii. n uf tha mn\\*Y Iliirhtl,
Nu» ci'Utillim (hi* wlthitiMWHl (he Kub=Tie«»ui)'
.-|.. • m I !•¦•¦*> mill |Ht>Vli..U« IMIii-fri* ,.l,,| Hu|tl PK*
|m.,i= hIimw |..n*M |iv (he (>miiI»* nine? th» ln»t
flat*nief1t ht UfiHMIHl f)t lM.U00.Olin, „« nri4|ti>l
H nnrlii- I...I Malui.tnv .,f ohty ».l,tir.<i. )¦.'.'.
< all iiioner went to 4 per cent «gsln t-. -.(,.>,
ti;u Hie utirufntd ealmiieM of tli« market in
dkfllen FPhie hidden proepss' tt relief folna on
heali^i Hi? deletion ef reservtu. Tu»day'ii
ttfutiit fUtenietit of the B«nk of franca nug
tfCrUd llgliteneil r»qulr«Mii<»i!ti! ft-om that qu«r«
tnr, but the future movement of gold Ii Mill
In doubt,
Irregular. Total rales, par value,
tnited Btate» new 4* registered declined 14
and the old 4s U per cent on the latt call
CANNED SALMON— Of the Alaska pack
P5R.694 cases were packed by the Alaska Pack
ers' Association. 658.614 case* by the Pacific
Packing and Navigation Company, and the
rest by outside, concerns. The carry-over of
all varieties Is estimated at 1,024 000 cases
The canneries In operation were 193, divided
as follows: Alaska. 62; Frazer River 50-
Skeena and other British Columbian. 27- Pueet
Sound. 24; Columbia River. 19; Oregon coa»t
15; Washington coast, 4; California rivers 2*
< n.M, Uulilniji.iii, |0 pep iMni h.ntihnal.i
WBiiiiitti.Mi, in; nautili IttfiOi Qrytni, «t| eui
JlUllyn, |7| i 'mm tljy, IBeOl \V«ll«n,|, Mft'ii
•.'•• H|iB t rttiv« Walliind, |l 601 CumNrUndt IN
In bulk kii.i |13 BS In *<f<k»i PcnnnylvunU An^
thrselte Hit, —*>i Welsh Anthnteite, iu,
ftiHii«l. Ill per ten I Oeh;. I1A \>»t ten In bulk
»Hd I lit in Prttjkst Itoeky Wounttln dei^riptKitKi.
18 48 per Uugo Ibe and IS 00 per ton, attuordm*
tn brand.
» OIL— California Caiter OH, In eai«i, No. 1,
TOot I'Utn, II SUi LlnseerJ Oil, In barreli, boiled,
t»»«- ; raw, 74ej eaiei, r»j tnof«i Luuol. w<i tot
boiled and U4d for raw, In barrel* | Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels, 8(to| cases. OOe;
China Nut, bT^QWd p«r galtoni j>ur« Neata'
foot, Ih barrels, T0c| cases, 76c i Bperm. pure,
'i.V; Whale Oil, natural white, 409600 per >>«U
iunt Pish Oil, barrels, 42'4c; cas«a 4T'Wc;
Coccanut Oil, barrels, uaiic for Ceylon and
tiS^c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13^g; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Htar. 20c; Extra 8 tar, 24c; Elaine, 2Sc; Eocens.
22c; deodorised stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c: In
cases, 21 He; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases
WHic; SO-tFegree aasollne, in bulk. 20c; in
cases, 2O',i<:.
TUIIVKNTINE — 67c p«r gallon In cases and
61c la drumn and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Cruehed,
4.60c; Powdered, 4. .Toe; Candy Granulated."
4.36c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none*
Confectloners' A. 4.23c;. Magnolia A. S 85c-
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D "
3.50c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more
boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for ali
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels, or its equivalent.
n.Mirt ur«in ii.itf., jun« and ,r.ii/, no; flan
gii«iiiin. e,(lDe| w.i.ii iuij.. o^Qanui fi»«.-«
General Merchandise,
HOUB— Live Hobs. 800 lbs and under. «O
OV»q; 800 lbs and over, ftiiOftVi; feedera, 5%a;
iciwn, ao per cent oR| lioam, SO per cent off,
niKi Until 40 fier cent off from the above quo*
l-AMHd— hmiiilnff Lamb.*, f 3 00©3 75 per
hP '»i. or Bli'niig per lb livcwelttht; yearllnm,
ils'nflii per Ih.
The following quotation! are for good lound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lets 00 per
cent shrinkage for cattle;
¦P*£ A , T ' r H ! ~ flteeri ' 8 '<4«8e; Cows and Heifer*,
7l&. %o; thin Cows. 4if>3o p«r lb.
CALVES— ii/^o^ g per ft, (fr01 , Wil ,ht).
Wholesale rate» from Blaughterem to dealers
are aa follows:
BEEF— «%©7%c for Steers and 6©7c p«r lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%©8%c; small. 8%O0%e per
pound. •
MUTTON— Wethers. D«0%c; Ewe». 8©0o p«r
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings. 10©llo per lb; Spring
Lamb, H®l5q per lb, ¦
PORK— Drewed Hog», 7Vi@0o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS,
Everything In the list Is firm, with moderate
receipts, but quotations show no further
change.
San Francisco Meat Market. .
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 18@25c; dairy,
18@23c. Cheese, steady, 10%@12}ic. Eggs,
firmer; fresh, 15@15i4c.
The situation in Beans remains as before
given, colored being firm and whites weak.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; Email 'White.
?2 7503; Large White. $2 40@2 75; Pea $3 60
® 4; £ nk V . $ "® 2 20: Red ' « 25 ®- 50; Black
*£ e ™iV Llmas . ** 40@4 65; Red Kidneys,
iS 50@4 per ctl, ¦ .
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 6502 75; Ytl
low Mustard. $J 25®3 50; v Flax. (2 25@2 5C;
F.fi'Xjy; 3^? .^ or Ea8tern = Alfaira from Utah.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....r........ 21.000 25,000
Wheat, bushels 60,000 39.000
Corn,- bushels 118,000 39,000
Oats, bushels' 123,000 141.000
Rye. bushels 100,000 »0,000
Barley, bushels 23.000 '17,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%@75c; No. 2 red,
82%©>83%o; No. 2 oats, 45%c; No. 2 white,
47©47',$e; No. 3 white, 45%(^46%c: No. 2 rye.
r»7%@C0c; fair to choice, malting barley. 60@
<;."e: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 US: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 72; prime timothy seed. $6 45@G 50; mesa
pork, per barrel. $15 20©15 50: lard, per 100
pounds. $0 32>.A<a9 35; short-rib sides (loose).
$8 30S8 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
S7 12%@7 25; short clear sides (boxed), 58 6o@
S 75. ¦ ,
Local slocks and bonds quiet.
Shipment of $200,185 »* specie to China.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat zi-caker, but more active. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Colored Beans firm and whites zvcak.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Butter steady, Cheese weak and Eggs higher.
Nothing :;czv in Dried Fruit.
Hides loiicr; with considerable grubby stock coming in.
Provisions lozi'cr at Chicago and neglected here.
Meat market firm under moderate arrivals.
Oranges firm and cleaning up well. Apples plentiful.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Potatoes and Onions selling off well.
Good demand for Asparagus for the East.
NEW YORK. March 13. — Money on call was
firm at 3% per cent; closing bid and asked,
•"i-?!??* per cent: prime mercantile paper, 4'i®
• r j vr cent. Sterling exchange was steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$1 S7%ig4 57S for. demand and at $1 S~.i«'i."
4 ?0'i for »lxty days; posted rates. $4 Stf'JC
4 **>i; commercial bills. $4 Sl'.i'q t 85%. Har
Eilver. 54>4e. Mexican dollars, 4:t 14c. Bonds—
tJovernments. weak; States, inactive; railroads.
Irregular.
A T czu York Money Market.
rtlo Tlnlcn opened tint on the break In
Atnaignmattd (.oppcr. There Is talk that the
l.-iM iianvr] t: tnck will pass its dividends and
that there will bi» a frpsh out In copper prices.
Rio' Tlnton touched 45%, but' «purte>J to 4<T!i
on the dividend action, closing at 40'ii. The
dividend was a7%s, whereas only Sob had been
expected. .
Anacondas were 7-18 down to 0 5-10, and
copper was down ?i. . :.
.Money ruled strong on settlement demands.
The market borrowed heavily.
AmeHcati Btncks wete Idl*. but J-plipcled
New Vnili> rheri-ruliiPHB. Southern llnllwny
van iim ftiotiitpst, In anticipation of full pre*
fcrted titvldehds. '
l«uiln@ii reitiAlns alack mm the tone dull,
•i'Iiiip mpi» three Kinck 'Exchange folium* to*
day through ,the weaknen of Kafflre, One
was n iiitU'-f n»'i twu weie Jobber!, ene or
Hi" Initn- being eontieeted with a batik. The
latter had a. batanee of £20<i. He wai totif
10,0110 shares of Chartered Thaler trust, gold*
fields and l ie Hm-c
NEW VOitK, March 1.1.-»Th« Comm«fol*l
Adv^Klffr'i Lendeii flnahtlttl cBblegram nat'Ri
London Market.
Consols for money 04% M, K U T 21").
do account ,,,, 04% do pfd 65 U
Anaconda , fl)| n V Ccnlra|.,,,,l«tHi
AtchUon ...,.,., 77 Nor, & Weitern., B794
do pfd 00 tin l.fti ic'.j
n. A 0 IU7U rim. & Wentern,, 'Mil
Canadian 1'hu.. , . ll.V, Hoiiiluin Ity,,.., illlii
( hei * Ohio....,, 47 .li- pitl ........ I'.'ih
('hi «ii . .41 w.1.1.. uftij a. I* , , ii.v<»
<', M h hi. l\..lHh U, P. ......,,,,,.1014*
Denver k III.. <l, U' t >(.. i>M ,,, Ml%
ii.. j.f.1 hi', r. h, hi. 6i...,.., 4;iii
lit- M jut , ap, .t.i i>tii !•;»',
<t" IH I'M mi 'i*'U V.'fil.iihli ,, (ll ii.i *-•¦ * » u
•1.. \t<\ Pl.l fiMl (In lif.l ..411
111, 1 .'in 1 hi ,,,,,H!l ?¦I'Min.l. rouriiiii Tt'.j
L, h N..........|n«m
Mwr eilv<i dull) '.'«">'l l"'i (iune#l moiir-y V'i»
nj .« uei' triil,
Tli« r««p «>f rtlnemiiH III th» np«n mt»rl»»l
fi.i- tin.it 1. in. |» y 1 1, in }mi> , Bin,
iii" lit" ur iiim mini in the i.iu it iimiiui fee
Hilt " IMHllllls' ItllU ll 'i% 1 1 .- 1 I Bill,
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Do pfd 116% Santa F» Copper. 3%
Amer Tel & Tel. 165 Tamarack 180
Dom I & Steel.. 38% Trtmountaln 100
General Electric. .304 Trinity 14
Mass JSIectrlo ... .1(1% United States .... 17ft
Do pfd 07% Utah 22
N K OaH & Coke. 4% Victoria 5%
United Krult ,.. 1 02',i Wlnoua 1%
U 8 Steel <«% Wolverine ... ... B2
Do prd ¦... — ... 96>,i Copper Range ... 68
Boston & Maine. 10394 Pominlon Coal .. 16%
BoBton Elevated.. 172% Franklin 12%
N Y N H & H...216% Jsle Royale 17
Fitchburg pfd ..147 Mohawk 35
Union Pacific ... 0S% Old Dominion ... 19
Mexican Central . 29% Osceola 03
Miscellaneous— Parrot 80%
American Sugar. .125U Qulncy 135
Money — ' 1 Do pfd 94%
Call loans ...,3^@4 ifV'cstirighse com.. 91^
Time lo*ns ...4 «M%; Mininz —
Bonds — 1 Adventure 21
Atchlson 4s 102% AHouez > 4
Gas lsts 85 {Amalgamated ... 64%
Mexican Cen 4b... 81 ! Baltic 45^4
N E Gas & Coke. 48% Bingham ..23
Railroads— ,Cal & Hecla 600
Atchlson 74% Centennial ... ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Heading gen 4s... 00 U
Do 3%s ... M Bt L.ft I M en 6s.ll8V4
Do conv 4s.r... 105 ft Ht Ij & 8 P 4s... OSVi
Canada South I'ds.lCS Ut L. S W lsts.. 08 ft
Central of Ga 58.110% Do 2ds 80
Do 1st inc 78 San A & A P 4s. 01U
Ches & Ohio 4^8.107^ Southern Pac 4s.. 94%
Chi & Alton 3Vis. 84 H Southern Ry Ss...l21U
U B & O new 48. 05% Texas & Pac lsts.l20«£
G M & St P gn 4S.114U Tol St L' & W 4s. 85
C ft N W con 7s.l.S7?i Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I & P 4s.... 112 Do conv 4a.... 105%
C C C&St Li gn 4S.104 Wabssh lsts ... .110
Chi Term 4s 89 Do 2ds .......111
Colo South 4s... 94»4 Do deb B. 7a%
Denver & R G 48.103 West Shore 4s... 113
Erie prior lien 4s. 99^ W & L. Erie 4s.. »Ui
Do cen 4s .... 87>4 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90>4
PtW&D C lsts.113% Con Tob 4s...... Ott
Hocking Val 4^8.108%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...;.:. 25it-ittle Chiet 11
Alice 45iOntarlo ... ......7 75
Breece 50,Ophir ... 9."i
Brunswick Con .'. 07 Phoenix I . OU
ComEtock Tunnel . ; 05 Potosi 08
Con Cal & Va. ...1 25 Savage 05
Deadwood Term . 50 Sierra .Nevada ..... 10
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 05
Iron Silver 73 Standard 3 35
Lieadville .Con 05
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
p«oted flurry vm at hand.' ' Tht oIom ¦ wu
mther enty, He higher Rt 4Bc. , , . '
¦ I'rovirlons ruled steady. May pork closed oo
lower, lard 2»Sc down and ribs a shad* off. ,
The lending futurrn tanut-A as follows!
Articles— i Open. High. ko w « Clow.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ ; i ¦ ¦ '-.,
May ........../ 7flU 7,5., TBtf J8%
July ».-..-;, .'..... , 7fli; ,,77. 70, ¦ <«
September • 76U : tOVf 78^ 75 ™
May '?...?". .^17. 62% 62?i , 81Jfc 61%
July w fi 2 « «1% J"}5
September tiOVi t!0*4 50% B3 '»
Oats No. -a — ¦' "... . .' iV.i
May 45% 45Ti «H 45$
July ; . 35»; . n«u 85% «- B »
September ..... IJO*^ 3O9i 30*4 30%
¦ Mess Pork, per barrel— ¦ •"•.V.. ''.
May ...15 47»<j 15 60 15 40 15 40
July 15 60 15 65 15 55 15 55
_ Lard.' per 100 pounds— ¦;/ . . n
May 0 45 9 47>4 » «VS "12
July 0 55 0 57% ° r<B ° ,.5,,
September ..;.. 9 67'/4 0 70 9 C7>-4 9 (jlM
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— „ . o1/
May .....;,.-... 8.42^ 8 60 8 40 S 42 Vj
July ••¦... 8 55'" 8 CO 8 52tf f 62^
September ..... 8 67% 8 70 8 65 8 05
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is weak at the decline already noted.
Other Feedstufts stand as before. Hay con
tinues weak, though prices are no lower.
BRAN— $15 50@16 per ton '
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 per "ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028: Jobbing
$2»50@2O; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal
?31@3^; Cracked Corn. $3160032 50; Mixed
Feed, $16017 60; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
9: S^A n w^o| 6 65 6 c° @ p 9 er 1%?' I8W *° >"
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon. $2 76@3 25 per barrel. for. family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $30
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are "as' fol
l?, WB> u £? aI dlscou "t to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 GO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
Sfr'fo" 08^? 1 dOi J i: Oat G roats. $5; Hominy
$4«*4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
X heat ',H. 80: Fa rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 8508 35
in sacks. $(S50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10^c; medium, D@<J<6c: light. 8@»fect
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and Sc for light;
Stags. CVic; Salted Kip. Sc; Salted Veal. S>c:
Salted Calf. lCc; Dry Hides, lCc; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlinjjs, lo'a'Mc each; shore
Wool, 30@U0c each; medium. 60® 75c; Ion*
Wool. S0c<8$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, fc! 75
<U ¦'¦'> for large and $:• Z5@2 SO for medium. 91 73
if- for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 SO for medium. $1
01 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins
—Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium
ekliis. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c ; medium, 35c.
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
*>°- 2. 4%@5c; grease. 3@3%c.
WOOL — Nominal; market practically bare.
HOPS— Il@l2c for fair and 12%©1*3 per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quota 1S&
li%c fcr shipment.
The circular of S. H. Frank & Co., Just
Issued, reports the market . for Hides much
lower, end says: "There is a good demand
for good quality of salt Hides. Na 2 are
slow of sale, while grubby Hides are In poor
demand, and Hides are running more grubby
than usual."
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
THE SAN FRANCIS.OO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
New York Qrain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
r^czu York Stock Market.
XK'.V- TOHIv. March 13.— To-day's stock
mi rket wan again an affair of ppeclaltles and
tin. movement in the active leader* of the
fiirtrkPt was exceedingly confused and irrrgu
l«r and presented many direct reversals of the
recently r»re vailing movement in fpeclal »if«is.
The ftlrks of the largely capitalized. railroad
a; uv.».i«: wf the country, which assume the lead-
and It S3H01 32^ for i«td: rid, $1 30^1 42ft
p»r ctl. , , > ¦ ¦ • .
CORN--Th#r« Is nothing ri«w worthy, of
note, either here- or In the Cast.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 68 per ctl.
81.000 bbls: eld Pork, 14.000 bbls: Lard, B 1,000
tUrccs; RJbs, 2ft,dOO,000 lbs. -- '¦'* "''
T?i« Ban Francisco market remains as befor*.
'GUHED MKATH — Bacon, 12o p«r lb for
heavy, 12Uc for lieht medium, IStoc for light.
H Mo for extra light and 18o for augar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured i Hams. 1 12 }40Uc: Califor
nia Hams, UVjOISHc: Mm« Beef, ftt 60010
per barrel; extra Meu, $10 60011; Family,
ill ROf/12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear,
$22 80<j?23; Men, $1S 50©10; Smoked • Beef.
M',i©14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb tor
compound and lOUffllc for pure; half barrels,
pur», U«4c; 10-lb tlna, U*ic; 5-lb tins. U»in;
3-tt> tlna, H«ic.
COTTOLENK— One half-barrel. OTkc; three
half-barrels, O&ic; one tierce. p%c; two tlreccs,
UHic; rtve tierces, 9%c per lb.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION !_AUCTION !
Stock o? the Flores
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANAIS HALE, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of JOSEPH P. 1IALK.
deceased, we win sell at auction on Friday,
March il, 1002. at 12:15 p. m.. at room !-'.
Chronicle building, fifty-nine thousand nlnj
hundred anrt ninety (oO.TOO) shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company. Ihe
property of the Floren Hale & Company con-
sists of four million (1,000, 000) acre» of lan.t
in Lower California. „
Terms of sale: Ten per cent en the rail
of the hammer, the balance on confirmation
of the sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale.
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Chronicle Building.
# WAIT ! *»
150 HEAD OF D. MILLER'S HORSES.
To Be Sold NEXT THURSDAT. March 20.
1SW2.
At 11 a. m. and 8 p. m.
AH axe found gentle, broken and will be
guaranteed aa represented. We have testi-
monials from the best business houses in tho
city as to their value. It will pay you better
to give a fair crtce for a good horse than to
give a low price for a worthless animal. Horses
! are now on exhibition at 721 HOWARD ST. ;
also at 1619 MARKET ST.. near 1-th.
OCCIDENTAL, HORSE EXCHANGE.
WU. LATNG, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
29 head of trotters and pacers; aa good as ever
offered at public auction, and must b« sold
without reserve at tba Mascot Stable, 1106 and
1108 Golden Gate ave. Pedigrees and descrip-
tion given day of sale. FRIDAY. March 14th.
at 10 a. m.WASHINGTON, ¦ March ; l.S.—Thc • Sena te to
day, confirmed" the nomination of Charles M.
Gorham to be melter • and refiner of ths . Mint
at ¦ San Francisco.
Policeman Cooney caught William ;D.
White yesterday afternoon In ,' the room
of Thomas Hannon. 275 Stevenson street,
as he, was about to appropriate some of
Hannon's clothes: White was •» taken" 'to
the City Prison and booked for burglary.
Charged With Burglary.
•WASHINGTON. March 13.— The follow
ing Calif ornians. are - in Washington: At
thc'Metropolltiin— W. IT. Broome. Los
Angeles; at the /Johnson— John P. Irleh,
Oakland. v
Californians ; in Washington. '¦
The ladles of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals held their
regular monthly meeting at the Parrott
building yesterday. Several of those
present made brief addresses,' which were
followed by an informal discussion of va
rious matters pertaining to the work . of
the charity.
Humane Society Ladies Meet.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, : March }3.— The following
Callfornians are in New York:
From Sari. Francisco— N.E. Sanford and
S. L. Lezynsky, at. the Herald Square: R.
W. Costello, at the Broadway Central,
and C. S. Hopkins, at- the Victoria. -
- From Los Angeles — Colonel Depaynter,
at the Park Avenue; T. F. Keefe, at tha
Grand '.Union." ~ ,
From. San Jose— S. P. Hatcher, at the
Marlborouarh. 1 . '; , ' .,
Frank W. Smith, a popular lecturer,
will deliver his famous lecture on "In and
Out of Andersontille Prison", this evening
In the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Mr.- Smith tells in
a most pathetic as - well as humorous
manner the story' of .his work an a spy,
captures, escapes and life in the stockades
during the civil war.
Civil War Spy to Lecture.
v There will' be vocal and Instrumental
music, the -Mayor will be invited to de
liver an address of welcome. \then there
will , be a response; by Dr: . Oronhyatekha.
the supreme chief ranger, and other su
preme officers . and noted delegates.- in
cluding the Lord Mayor of Dublin. 11 Among
the : representatives, to the 'grand- x body
there will ,be members * of the . order, from
all parts of the world, some coming from
as far,as Australia. ..", The several commit
tees wereinstructed in the matter of de
tails, after which there* was an: adjourn
ment.: and afthe next, meetings all the
details will probably be completed. ' '.
A meeting- was held last night, in the
hall of Court Diana of the Independent
Order of .Foresters, by representatives of
the fifteen local: courts and the San Fran
cisco board of 'deputies to take further
action, in relation to the reception <• to be
tendered to the officers of the, Supreme
Court of ¦ the order, who will be In this
city on May 6 next. President Stewart
of the board of ; deputies' presided and
there wero. presented- the reports of a
number of the committees. It was decided
that there should, be a, reception In the
Alhambra on the night* of the day the
supreme body shall be In session In this
city.- : ' .. ¦:.:¦¦•'..¦: ¦,.,.:
,Them a Reception in
' May. ... -.'.•'.' '
Arrangements Are .Made to Tender
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS' .
* SUPREME OFFICERS
• J. J. Hebbron, superintendent of the Pa
cific Improvement Company at Salinas, is
registered at the Grand.
• J. O. TIestwood, a mining man who re
sides at San Jose, is among the arrivals
at the Grand. ;
E. A. Thayer. a hotel man of Denver,
has made his headquarters at the Occi
dental. ,
George H. G. Towle.a lumberman of
Towlea Station, is registered at the Lick.
O. M. Oliver, a merchant of Fresno, Is
at tho Lick; ; - . , ¦
Max Millson, a merchant of Flacerville.
is a guest at the Lick; , .
L. A Spitzer. Tax Collector of San Jo3e,
is a guest at the Grand. ... -
Fred Dodd, a hotel man of Fresno, is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
W. D. Noble, an attorney of Fresno, is
spending a few days ut tho Lick.
PERSONAL.
Martin E. Luther, a traveling sales
man, residing at y thc Lick House, was en
ticed into a den of bunko steerers yester
day at the Hillsdale. 33 Sixth. street. Be
fore parting with any of his coin at the
poker game that was 'in progress, _ how
ever, his suspicions were aroused as to
the character of his fellow players, and
he refused to play further, j Luther im
mediately reported the matter to the po
lice, and Policemen Fontana and Fraher.
went to the Hillsdale and arrested seven
men, well known to the police. They
were charged with vagrancy. Their
names are Nels Johnson, John- Butler,
Georgo Lawrence, Charles Crawford,
William Dunn, Harry Walters and P. J.
Strange. . ...
Harry Walters and Gang Arrested.
The Winter Circus in Woodward'* Pa
vilion was in full swing laet night, under
Its new management. The programme,
which contained the usual number of en
tertaining features, was well received by
a well-lilled house. The performers all
appear satisfied with the new arrange
ments and are gladly contributing their
services.
Winter Circus in Progress.
Members of the Young Ladies' Institute
are preparing xo give a minstrel enter
tainment at Odd Fellows' Hall on Friday
evening, April 11, for the benefit of the
sick fund of tho institute. The socicty
had done much work during tho winter
and it is with the object of replenishing
the funds that the good work may be con
tinued to the satisfaction of all concerned.
Miss Mary Burke is chairman of the com
mittee that, has charge of the arrange
ments for the forthcoming 1 entertainment.
Miss Katie Cahlll is vice chairman. Miss
Belle Boyle secretary and Miss Ella
Ccmyns treasurer. t , t
Ladies' Institute to Entertain.
First Lieutenant G. U. Johnson. Elev
enth Infantry, has reported at headquar
ter* and is assigned to duty with recruits
and casuals at the Presidio. First Lieu
tenant J. G. Hannah. Tenth Infantry, has
received orders to leave for the Philip
pines on the Hancock, which is scheduled
to sail pome time to-morrow. Lieutenant
E. B. Daily of the medical department
has been ordered on duty with the re
cruits and casuals.
News in Army Circles.
Programme— Rev. C. E. Kennedy (chair
man). Wiliiam Healy, William R. Gil
iogley.
Reception— P. M. Mahony (chairman),
J. II. Spring, Matthew Ashc, Timothy
Ahem. R. Coughlen, Thomas Mullms,
Thomas Chrlstal Jr., Edward Power,
Thomas Branson and John D. Nolan.
The parishioners of St. Paul parish
have arranged one of the most attractive
programmes so far offered for the cele
bration of St. Patrick's Day. The exer
cises will be held on Monday evening in
St. Paul's Hall, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets. The Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S.' P.,
pastor of old St. Mary's Church, will de
liver the oration. Father Kennedy, will
have charge of the musical portion of
the programme and Irish music will form
the basis of tho muslcr.l melange. The
committees in charge of the affair are
as follows, Rev. M. D. Connolly being
the honorary chairman:
Arrangements— R. S. Shep?ton, chair
man; Charles Willey, secretary; J. B.
Reilly. treasurer.
St. Patrick's Day at St. Paul's.
The Red Cross ladles arc in a sanguine
mood regarding the success of the enter
tainment to be given in the nave of the
ferry building to-morrow afternoon. Tho
indications are that a large attendance
will be present. and an , encouraging sum
obtained for the soldiers and sailors, who
will benefit by the proceeds.
Among the attractions offered during
the afternoon will be selections by the
naval band, which has been .secured
through the courtesy of Commander
Glass; music by the Presidio military
band, through the kindness of Colonel
Rawles; a drill by fifty naval apprentices
from Goat Island, a lecture by Mr. Lewis
upon the training of boys; patriotic and
popular vocal music by the famous
Knickerbocker Quartet and a rendition of
"The Star-Spangled • Banner" by Mrs.
Richard Bane. *
Mayor Schmltz has been invited to ad
dress the assemblage Upon some topic to
be selected, by -himself, and it is under
stood that he will accept. The hospitality
committcc will be at the. ferry building
from 8 a. m. Saturday to • receive dona
tions of food for rhe luncheon. " Tickets,
including luncheon and entertainment,
are on- sale at 50 cents each. •
One of the objects of the entertainment
is to show outside members of the Red
Cross that the society is still in active
service and doing what it ran for the
comfort of the soldier and 1 sailor boys
of the nation.
cess of Coming Entertainment
at Ferry Nave.
Indications Point to Financial Suc-
LADIES OF RED CROSS
ARE WORKING . EARNESTLY
Barton came across . the high seas on
the steamship Kronprlnz Wilhelm. Fellow
passengers, other than Prince Henry, were
Alex von Huhn and Conny von Gerichten,
formerly of : Sart ¦ Francisco. Baron von
Huhn was a familiar figure among news
paper men of this city twenty years ago.
He was then city editor of the German
Demokrat. ¦ lift represented ; a leading
newspaper of Germany on his second trip
across the, ocean. Von Geriehten made
sketches for the New York Herald, and
on the voyage, humorously caricatured the
most eminent of his fellow travelers.
The. owl at the Bohemian Club winked
a welcome yesterday to Julian Rlx and
Willard T. Barton of New York. In the
early years of the club Rix and Barton
were regular boarders at the "feasts and
fasts" of Bohemia. Many of the clever
cartoons that lend charm to the club were
painted by Rix. before his fancy prompted
him to migrate to 1 the Atlantic side Of
the continent. This is his first visit to
California since he left San' Francisco
fifteen years ago. The picturesque en
virons of Santa Barbara tempted him to
tarry six weeks in that delightful resort.
He goes hence to Los Angeles, Pasadena,
Coronado and Catalina, Rlx has achieved
fame as a painter of landscapes, and,
moreover, has gathered in a few shekels
since he established his studio in New
York. . • '• ..-
Pay Their- Respects to
the Bird.
Julian Rix and Willard T. Barton
WANDEBERS WELCOMED
BY OWL OP BOHEMIA
Captain John Seymour. Chief of the San
Francisco detective force, arrived at 11
o'clock last night from Kansas City,
•whither he had gone in the expectation
of capturing the murderer of Nora Fuller.
Ho came through without change, the
car he rode in being attached to train No.
5 at Denver. He occupied a drawing-room,
in the Pullman, alone, save for the pres
ence of tho little grip which has become
famous since his mysterious departure,
and In which he is supposed to carry his
priceless collection of clews.
Captain Seymour was in excellent
health, except for a cold which he
caught In Kansas City. He also caught
the west-bouud train there, but he did
not catch the slayer of Nora Fuller. In
view of this fact there was no great
necessity for him to seek the Hall of
Justice. f=o he went directly to his home.
He had failed to notify the department
of lite arrival, and at police headquarters
last night it was not known that Captain
Seymour had returned. His homecoming
was as quietly accomplished as his de
parture, and his movements are almost
as much of. a mystery as those of the
murderer for whom he is searching.
Comes Mysteriously Into Town
"Without Notifying Police De
partment and Goes Home. I
SEYMOUR RETURNS AI/ONE
FHOM KANSAS CITY TRIP
Officer Friel, aid<*d by another police
man, linally succeeded in separating the
combatants and all were taken to the City
Prison, where charges of disturbing the
peace were preferred against them.
Mr?. Fbtaer. who could control her feel
ings no longer, gave her husband's com
panion a heavy right-arm swing. The
other woman, Virginia Cames by name,
etarted rapidly homeward, but was over
taken again by her assailant. The man
attempted to interfere, but to no avaiL
A crowd gathered and lx*caroe very en
thusiastic over the contest.
Uxs. May Fisher of 222 Perry street
found her husband walking with another
woman on Market etreet, near Powell,
yesterday afternoon. She had been hunt
ing for the man for some time, wishing
to try to persuade him to help pay for the
support of his children. When she saw
him. she. told Officer Friel that Secretary
White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children wanted to see the
husband and compel him t/> aid his fam
ily. The officer touched Fisher on. the
shoulder and a:-ked him to go with him.
Fisher Family's Domestic Difficulties
Culminate in Combat on
Market Street.
ASSAULTS COMPANION
OF EECBEANT SPOUSE
William J. Elkins Jr.
PHILADELPHIA, 13.— William
J. Elkins Jr. died to-day at his country
home. "Menlee Lodge." near Elkins Sta
tion, Pa., a few miles from this city. He
was a son of the millionaire traction masr
ii3te and was himself prominently Identi
fied with many business interests. He
Was about 38 years of age and was a well
known clubman. Elkins had been ill
since October and was constantly under
the care of a. physician for a cerebro
spinal/trouble. His widow is the daugh
ter of ex-Senator C. X. >Felton . of Call
fornia. VOj£
Vital Fernando Vignes.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— Vital Fei^
i:ando Vignes, a retired wlnemaker and
merchant of this city and one of Cali
fornia's pioneers, died in this city to-day.
Vicrnes was a native of Bordeaux, France,
and was 75 years old. He came to Cali
fornia in 1849 and t6 Los Angeles in 1S53.
Delegates to league Convention.
The Golden Gate Republican Club, J.
P. Tighe president and J. H. W. Muller
acting, secretary, met at the Columbian,
building last evening and elected the fol
lowing delegate's to the State league con
vention at San Jose: William . jIcKay,
Colonel Z. T. Cason, S. J. Robertson. R.
A. Grover. Captain Robert Qulnton, G.'
W. Darbev. J. P. Tighe. J. A.' Peal, J.
H. W. Muller. M. D. Mullaney, W. F.
Stevens, P. B. Gallagher, J. 13. Duffey and
J. L. Callaghan.- '
City Gets Another Medal.
The United States Commission to the
Paris Exposition has forwarded to Mayor
Schmltz the medal awarded to the city
of San- Francisco in class 29. at the ParH
Exposition, for maps of the city in 1837.
1838, 1S48 and 1899. Irrespective of the na
ture of the award the medal is uniformly
bronze, and the diploma will follow in
duo course, specifying the grade.
FOULKES STRUCK OX THE CHEEK.— C.
J. Boeworth. an insurance agent at SIS Cali
fornia street, was .arrested- yesterday on a
warrant charging him with battery and was
at once released on 320 cash ball. The com
plaining witness i« W. H. Foulkes, who al
leges that h« Rot a customer for Bosworth
and rrhen ho demanded his commission the lat
ter struck him on the cheek.
PRISONERS HELD TO ANSWER.— C. E.
Rinkln was held to answer before the ¦ Su
perior Court by Judge Cabanira yesterday on
the charge of robbery for knocking down aM
stealing $15 and- a gold watch from WU
liam Staples of Ecnlcla at 1 Fifth street last
Sunday morningr. George : Arrlstld© was held
to answer- on a charge of burglary ¦ In $10u0
bonds ' for W. B. Sanborn's ware
house, 103 Vallejo street, last Saturday, cn>l
stealing a case of champagne.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 13.—
Percy E. Nichols of San Jose, the ham
mer thrower, who was stricken with
paralysis yesterday morning, died last
night and will be buried here to-morrow.
The funeral services are to be held 1n
Encina Hall. Professor Shaw of the his
tory department will deliver the funeral
sermon.
Death Claims College Athlete.
The Commissioners instructed Secretary i
McCarthy to send an estimate to tho
Board of Supervisors for $70,000 to be pro- -
vided out of next year's levy for now
buildings- and repairing old ones. ;
The following changes and transfer^
were made:
William Mullanay from engine 24 to truck
9; Geore-e Ctency from enzine 2-S to truck 2;
J. F. Drlscoll from engine 29 to truck 3; John
O'Donnell from engine 37 to truck 0: Jainea
Doherty from engine 8 to truck 1: J. Tideman
from engine 4 to truck 1; Captain William
Kelly of truck 2 transferred to engine 3tf: Lieu
tenant J. Leahy of trunk 2 promoted to cap
tain of the same company; Frank Cummings
of truck 2 promoted to lieutenant o£ the same
company. •
When questioned by President Watt as
to the trust Chapman admitted the trade
was "controlled."
President Holla V. Watt stated that
bids -would have to be. advertised for,
whereupon the secretary remarked" that
"the figures would all be the same."
R. H. Chapman, representing the trust,
admitted that was so. .
At a meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday the report of Superintendent
Reilly, in which lie asked the Commis
sioners to purchase a new engine, wn3
received. '
Commissioners Find That Ad vertxs-
ing for Bids Does Not Bring
Lower Prices.
TRUST CONTROLS SALE
.. . OF FIRE-ENGINES
SAN JOSE. March 13.— A* the monthly
meeting of the board of managers of the
State Hospital at Agnew. held to-day, J.
K. "Wilson waa selected to represent the
board at the quarterly meeting of the
Lunacy Commissioners.' The superintend
ent reported 1014 patients. 606 males and
408 females, in the hospital on i ,-ruary
28. The treasurer reported $1772 in the
patients* fund. $200 in the revolving fund
and $14;866.in the contingent fund".
Thousand Patients at Agnew.
SAN JOSE, March 13.— The Garden City
Athletic Club and the Garden City
"Wheelmen, which joined forces about a
year ago, have dissolved their relations.
To-day the wheelmen moved back to their
old quarters on South First street, near
Eldorado.
Wheelmen and Athletes Separate.
Unhappy Couples Separated.
Adela Lizzie Carey was granted a di
vorce from J. H. Carey yesterday for
failure to provide. Georgiana Beck was
divorced from Thomas F. Beck for neg
lect, and Rose Smith was divorced from
George J>. Smith for neglect. Suits for
divorce were filed by Bessie Zalkwitz
against Jacob Zalkwitz for cruelty and
Emma Kohn against Benjamin C. Kohn.
for fallude to provide. •
Mr. Harper was loth to discuss- the
matter, last evening. He stated he was
sorry publicity was given to the affair,
as it would injure Miss Lewis in a meas
ure and also cause some annoyance to
his own family.
It appears that tho relatives of -Miss
Lewis learned of her contemplated mar
riago and sent, her off to Oakland. The
young lady remained there a week, and
on her return declined to meet her fiance
or hold any further communication -with
him. ¦•¦¦..¦
, Mr. Harper is of 'the' opinion that Mr.
Lewis objected to his marrying Miss
Lewis because he was 1 not of the same
faith. Ho can see no other objection, as
he comes of a good family, and Is pos
sessed of sufficient worldly goods to prop
erly support a wife.
The engagement of the young: couple
quickly followed their meeting. They met
in society- and a mutual liking sprang up
between tiieni. Mr. ¦ Harper asked - Miss
Lewis to be his wife and she accepted
him. He hurried to the County Clerk's
office and procured the necessary license
and asked Superior Judge Hebbard to
marry them. The latter waited in his
chambers for many hours, but the couple
did not come. ¦
Russell Harper, a survivor of the R*io
wreck, war correspondent and journalist,
is a jilted man. He was engaged to Miss
Ella Lewis, a beautiful young lady, who
resides with her grandfather, Peter
Lewis, at -12i Buchanan street, and had
procured a marriage license to Wed her,
but . Peter Lewis intervened . and the
ceremony did not occur. • Mr. Harper, is
now in possession of an official document
that cost him 'S2. aivl hos no further, use.
for it unless Grandfather Lewis relents,
but this is not probable, as the young
people have been kept apart for the past
week. . ' ....-.•
Through Interference of Her
Grandfather.
Russell Harper Loses Society Girl
MARRIAGE LICENSE
LEFT ON HIS HANDS
The speaker advised a .spirit of, justice
am! good temper on the part of • capital
and labor and then drifted from his sub
ject to make a violent attack upon cer
tain 1 newspapers and their proprietors, j
Returning to his topic, he declared that !
In the great light that was bound to come \
between capital and labor victory could;
only . be achieved by labor by the pres- ¦.
et.tation of a united body of the working
classes. j_j ' • . ' • * ;
Rev. Peter C. .Yorke spoke- of the rela
tions of capital and labor and declared
that in tho consideration of their. dealings
the" consumer was the principal party to 1
be consulted. . He advised the general fed
eration of all labor unions and advised
the unions to keep out of politics and not
to allow* the organizations to be used for
tho benefit of a few men. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' >
A brief speech was made, by ."Walter
Macarthur of the Sailors' Union, who is
a member of ' tho National Federation
fcimed to find*, solutions 'to the Industrial
problems of the age. .
Mayor Schmitz presided, and in intro
ducing tho speaker. of. the evening said he
regretted that- a larger 'audience was not
present, as ! the subject of unionism was
one that should Interest every one. :
"The Future of Unionism" was the sub
ject of an address delivered last evening
by Rev. Peter C. Yorke at Metropolitan
Hall for the benefit of the Brotherhood
of Teamsters. • .•
Hall for the Benefit of Team
sters' Brotherhood.
Lecture Is .Given at Metropolitan
REV. P. C. YOBKE SPEAKS .
ON FUTURE OF UNIONISM
BALTIMORE, Md.. March 13.-Joe Wal
cott and Young Peter Jackson fought ten
rounds to a. draw to-night before the
Eureka Athletic Club. It was one of the
fiercest battles ever seen here. They went
at it hammer and tongs at the start and
kept it up to the finish, both men being
froggy at times.
Jackson and Walcott Draw.
Patience, -MiFS Etta Welch; La<Jy Jane. Miss
Genevteve Sullivan; Ella. Mis-s Frances Haus
rnana: Angela, 'Miss Lillian Byrnes; Saph!r,
MIS3 Margaret' Anthony. Chorus — Misses Cella
Feenov. Ethel Brown. Gertrude M. Cronin. Xo
nie Sullivan. I>oretta Smith. Xellie Fehaney,
Mollie Glover, Untie Brooks, Ella Barry, Cath
erine Blake, Frederica Reid. Kllzabeth Fuller.
May Lyne, Lillian Newman, Eva Cannin?, Kate
Fuller, Agathe Glover, Sussn Brooks, Kate
RobinEon, Mary Anthony. Kate Cu.strk, Kate
McOuire. Eleanor Sheeny, Alary Fitzgerald,
Loui5» WiskotBchell. Mary HftRBarty and
James O'Brien. Jumni O'Donnell. KUfjene Bour
nlzeau. John II. O'Brien. A. F. Sehloieher. John
Do!i?rty, -Tam^s Smith. Walter Hancock, tieorge
Shields. Thomas Lpach. John Griffin, Thomas
Fay, Joterh Butler, Dennis Casey, Thomas
O'Brien. James McBrearty, Maurice Corridan,
Ignatius Kerr, James Casey and Michael Down-
If an.
The young ladies of St. Patrick's Choral
Society will present the opera, of "Pa
tience" at Native . Sons' Hall on the
evenings of April 9 and 10 for the benefit
of St. Vincent's School, of which many
of the participants are graduates. They
have been carefully drilled in their part3
by Miss Mary Short, the organist of St.
Patrick's Church, and are already letter
perfect in their parts. v
St. Vincent's School is one of the pioneer
educational institutions of the city and
is conducted by the Sisters of Charity.
It is in one of the most progressive sec
tions of the city and has already felt the
march of progress. Father Cumraing,
the pastor of St. Patrick's Church, has
given his ranction to the proposed benefit
and is aiding it in' every way possible.
Tbc'cast will be as 1 follows:
School.
der a Benefit to St. Vincent's
St. Patrick's Choral Society Will Ten-
"20UNG LADIES TO, APPEAR
IN OPERA OF "PATIENCE"
In accordance with law an "institute"
of the public school teachers of .the City
and County of San Francisco will take
place in the auditorium of the Mission
High School. Eighteenth and £>olores
streets, on March IX 20 and 21, 1902, ses
sions to commence at 3:40 a. m. The ses
sions will be presided over by Superin
tendent of Schools Webster, and the open
ing address will be delivered by Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the University
of California.
Teachers' Institute.
The names of Daisy street and Central
place, were ordered changed, respectively,
to Portola street and Center place.
The request of the Board of Works that
the Supervisors accept the roadway of
Pacific a wnue. -tvtween Franklin and
Fiilmore ¦greets, after it has been repaved
ras filed. The committee decided that it
cannot determine in advance whether or
not it will recommend acceptance.
The Hoard of Works»;was authorized to
construct the "Sunset main sewer" along
H street, from Tenth avenue to Seventii
avenue, at an estimated cost of $10,000,
and to pave the roadway of Van Ness
avenue, between Bush and Pine streets,
at a cost of $0500.
Superintendent of Construction Lynch
stated that the company .had an applica
tion before the Board of Works to lay
rails of standard gauge on California
street, between Kearny and Montgomery.
and when rebuilding the space between
the rails will be repaved.
The petitions of the Market-street Rail
way Company for franchises from East
strtet to the Presidio and for other
branch lines were If id over for two
weeks to giv? the committee an opportu
nity to inspect the routes. Attorney J. A.
Foulds stated that the company desired to
give the residents of th<» Presidio district
direct communication with the center of
the city. Foulds said that a transfer was
about to be made to a new company, but
the old corporation* had been asked to in
stitute proceeding's to obtain new fran
chises.
The Supervisors Street Committee cited
the Board of Works yesterday to appear
at its next meeting and explain why a
private contract -was > entered into for
street work on Bosworth and Cuvler
streets after the Supervisors had ordered
the work doi*? by public contract.
nance of the Supervisors Was'
Ignored.
Street Committee Asks Why an Ordi-
"WANTS. THE BOARD OF
WOSE5 TO EXPLAIN
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. March 13.— Prize
fights between heavyweights or negroes
will be barred here in the future. This
was the substance of an order Issued to
dfcy by Chairman Brennan of the Board
of Public Safety to' the fight promoters
of the city. Th<* new rule was adopted,
it is said, on account of the reports that
an attempt would be made to have the
fight between Jeffries and Fitzsimmona
take place here. Under the new rule the
bouts which had been arranged for Der
by night, May 3, between Sharkey and
Choynski and Ruhlin and Maher, will
have to be declared off. ¦ >
Louisville Bars Heavyweights.
D'Ancona opposed the acquisition of the
land on the ground thaUthe western sec
tion of the city was congested with
parks and that a park south of Market
street 'wa3 more desirable.
E. B. Holladay. representing S. W. Hol
laday, who owns most of the land pro
posed to be acquired." offered to sell six
30-vara lots for $200,000. and he thought
the other two lots could be purchased for
$100,000. If the city docs not accept the
offer the owners of the land would de
mand that Clay street, which divides tho
two blocks, be opened by the city. The
Assessor's books were referred to and
difelosed that the two blocks were as
sessed for $06,600, Including small im
provements.
The committee decided to incorporate
in the proposed bond isaue the sum 0*
JA«3,000 for the acquisition Of two blocks
of land to extend Lafayette Park. A mo
tion not to incorporate the item, was lost
by a vote of four to three.
Extension of Lafayette Park.
City Engineer Grunsky objected to a
city official doing private engineering
work for the company and held that the
availability of tho source should be first
ascertained. Grunsky stated that his of
fice was not prepared to make surveys of
the system. D'Ancona said he would not
vote to expend money on surveys unless
the supply was first declared a feasible
one by the Board of Works. The com
mittee agreed to refer the whole subject
to the Board of Works for investigation
and report.
Attorney Frank H. Gould addressed the
committee on behalf of the Giant Gap
Water Supply Company, which has offer
ed to sell its source on the American
River to the city. ¦ •
Gould quoted from a , resolution di
recting the Board of Works to make plans
and estimates of several supplies, includ
ing the American River supply. The reso
lution had I not been complied with re
specting the supply named, said Gould,
who offered to pay the expenses of the
work if the city lacks the necessary
tunds.
Discuss Water Supply.
A\ hen a vote. was about to be taken rec
ommending the selection of the Flfth-
Mreet property Wynn moved that it. be
laid <Jver for one week to give the labor
representatives an opportunity to be
htard, which was done. The Mechanics'
Institute trustees will be Invited to at
tend .the meeting in the hope that they
will repeat their offer of the Pavilion site.
Supervisor Wynn stated that the Union
Labor party was opposed to accepting the
offer of Andrew Carnegie to doiiate $750,
000 for a library building. Supervisor Cur
tis suggested that steps be taken to lake
over the property at Fifth/and Market
fctrtttn; which the City Attorney advises
may be done by condemnation of the
leases.
The Supervisors' Public "Utilities Com
mittee decided yesterday to consider new
tltcs for the proposed library to be do
nated by Andrew Carnegie. This action
Was taken because the Mechanics'
.Library trustees have recalled the offer
to *>cll the Mechanics' Pavilion property
to the city for $750,000, the city Waving
failed to accept the offer within a sped*
Jted time.
Kauffman is thf> fourth thug now in
cufctcdy for Robinson's murder. Hender
son was arrested by Officer Taylor; John
Courtney, alias -'lieadville Jimmy." was
arrested at Tracy and brought here. a.nd
Krank Woods, all3s "St. Louis Frank,"
¦»"as arrested In Portland and brought
litre with two bullet wounds In his back.
Those not yet captured are "Kid"
Gouchcr and the mulatto who was knowa
as "Yellow."
Chief Wittman received a letter yester
dftjr from CMef Constable \V. j, Dodds of
Fort William. Ontario. Canada, inclosing
a of the man arrcned there
on raftplcton of King J^ouis Kauffman,
alias "St. ]>¦¦>•:¦-• Kat." one of the thugs
•svanted for the niuiJcr of Policeman Eu-
Renc Ilobinron at Sixteenth and Valtn
cia tlreeison the early morning of Janu
ary n. In a previous leitv Chief Con
fctable Dodds has Mated that tho rus-pect
had fought savagely agalnM having his
photograph i;.k<-n and kept his eyes
ciosrd and twisted his face.
Detectives Utnan and \Vr«m chowed the
photograph yesterday to several people
v ho fcnrw Kauffman, and they at once
identified it. This Kattefled chief Witt
rcan that tho man was Kauffman and he
*.t oacc gave Instructions for th«» neer-s
ei-ry papers for his< extradition to be
cade out. Uetectivc \\>n will leave for
Sacramento this morninjr. accompanies
by policeman Taylor, whose bravery on
the morning of Itobin^on'? murder led Jo
ifcc capture t^y him of William Hendor
ecn. one of the puijr. to s*'t the papers
figred by the Governor. Wro:i will then
proceed to Washington for the signature
el the Secretary of State to the docu
r.icr.tr, and from there to Ottawa. <"anada.
lor tn*> signature of the Governor Gen
tral. Tayior will go to Chicago, thence
to Fort William to await the arrival of
Wren.
Attorney Charles 11. Snook of the law
firm of 8nook & Church, representing the
new railroad, argued that there was nr.
doubt that the Oakland and East Side
Railroad would absorb the old California
and Nevada road, hence the question of a
po&sible conflict as to franchises could
not arise.
Upon motion a special committee con
sisting of the Ordinance and Judiciary
Committee, Mayor Barstow and City At
torney Johnson was named to meet Mon*
day evening, decide the point and report
to the City Council.
When the petition and ordinance grant
ing the franchises were read this evening
at the meeting of the Ordinance and
Jud?cJary Committee President Louis
SchaiTcr Cf the City Council interpose-J
f;n objection in the form of a legal point.
He called attention to the fact that the
Board of Supervisors had granted the Cal
ifornia and Nevada Railroad a flfty-year
franchise when the right of way was
outside of the municipal limits. Now
that it was within the corporate boun
daries by reason of annexation of terri
tory Mr. Sehaffer was not sure that the
city could grant another franchise during
the life of the previous grant when the
new road was to take the California and
Nevada Railroad's right of way.
A legal question haa been raised con
cerning the right of th« City Council to
felve a franchise to tho Oakland arid East
Side Railroad, which purposes to give
entrance into Oakland for the Atchison,
Topc-ka and Santa Fe Railroad.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 13.
¦ One of the cleverest among the genre
pictures is the chic little sketch in the
Luxembourg Gardens by B. R. Campbell,
•who has some other nice things on the
walls. Helen Hyde has some charming
Japanese designs, and Annie F. Brlggs
and Augusta Graves show" some attrac
tive water colors. There are a few good
miniatures by Lillie V. O. Ryan. Rose t*
Campbell and Oscar Kunath, and sculp
ture is well represented by Arthur Put
nam, A. Le Jetine, Florence Butler and
Gertrude F. Boyle. /
The portrait interest is in the ascend
ant, and there are some striking portraits
to be seen on the walls. Much the best
of, these is Orrin Peck's portrait of Dr.
Martin Kellogg, ex-president of the Uni
versity ,of California, a strongly handled
and v*ry clever piece of work. The am
bitious portrait of; Professor Wheeier by
the same hand is hardly so happy;
nc-ither is that of Mrs. Charles S. Wheeier.
The Sandona portraits attracted a large
snare of attention, that of Mrs. Older be
ing the best example of his work. It is
gracefully drawn and well painted as far
as it goes and is distinctly promising
work, Mrs. iOlga M. Ackerman has a.i
attractive portrait sketch of a child read
ing, and one of a girl . that she calls
"Edna." John A. Stanton has a study,
"Head of Old Breton," that shows char
acter, but is at his best in the charming
"Brittany"- study, a bit. of lovely color,
and the quaint "Study for Picture."
Alice B. Chittenden has an agreeable por
trait of William C. Taylor.
Landscape is not strongly represented
this year. William Keith has two— "In
the Forest," distinctly below his usual
standard, and "Mono Pass," beautiful as
only Keith can be in spots, but not evenly
great. Cadenasso has a nice landscape.
"The Pool": Louise M.. Carpenter has a
sunny, Frenchy sketch of "Sand Dunes";
A. W. Best a pleasing sweep of sunlit
country near Mount Tamalpais; Aaron
Altmann a nice turn of a stream. "Sail
ing His New Boat": Annie Harmon a
sincere and pleasant handling Of a marsh
subject; T. H; Thompson a poetic fancy,
"Hazy Moonlight"; G. F. P. Plazzoni a
rich, strong Alameda sketch.
The usual large crowd gatflered at the
21&rk Hopkins Institute of Art last ntght
on the occasion' of tho opening of thft
spring exhibition. The interest displayed
in the collection of 'pictures was unusually
lively, partly owing to the recent acri
lnoniours discussion concerning - come 'of
tfce exhibits, and the comparative level
of the exhibition ns awhole is well above
th$ average. •
It fell to the fate of "Jimmie" Arguello,.
capitalist, clubman, bon vivant, descend
ant of a hundred dons, to encounter the
burglar, or rather, to catch a tleeting
glimpse of his feet and legs, and the man
ner of that encounter is worthy of the
rigid spirit of good form that permeates
the hotei. Arguello has a suite of rooms
facing on Powell street and he visited them
Wednesday evening to dress for dinner.
He was somewhat surprised at the dis
order apparent in the nrst apartment he
entered.' Bundles of bric-a-brac and silver
ornaments were scattered about the floor
and the room gave evidence of a thorough
ransacking. lie stepped into the bedroom
and as he did he saw a pair of legs dis
appear through the transom. An exami
nation, of the bedroom showed that trunks
and drawers had been emptied of their
contents and numerous bundles 6f valu
'ables tied up preparatory to carrying
them away.
Arguello did not scream or make a
scene of-. any,, kind. Such a proceeding
would have been considered in the worst
possible taste at the Savoy. He did not
even attempt to append himself to the
disappearing legs. He merely picked out
his dinner clothes from the heap of costly
raiment on the floor, set back a few cher
ished photographs into their silver frames
and dressed for the evening. Thfin he
called a bellboy and told him that a
burglar had made a beastly muss of his
apartments and he would like to have
them straightened out.
When the talc of the transom- worker
spread among the guests there was as
near an approach to a flurry as ever
comes to such an assemblage. Burglars
are vulgar, of course, but the immediate
attention of one "of the guild served to
make the subject one of interest. The
hotel ataches stoutly denied the visita
tion, but one of the guests divulged the
story. Arguello thinks he can give a good
description of the soles of the shoes worn
by tho active criminal whom he fright
ened away before profit could be taken
from the plunder.
Post street's aristocratic hostelry, the
Savoy, is hi a ferment of apprehension
over the visit of a burglarious Intruder
into Its upholstered precincts about the
dinner hour Wednesday evening. The un
rest is accentuated by the fact that tho
prowler is still at large. and It is feared
he may appear again. To forestall such
a contingency the safety deposit vaults
were glutted yesterday with the gems and
jewels of the fair women who make the
Savoy their residence and every 'stranger
who visits the hotel Is looked upon as the
possible possessor of a "jimmy" and a
dark lantern.
The Salt Lake Company Ir. hastening
work northwestward from the terminus
of the old Lo& Angeles terminal, on lines
that are almost identical with the surveys
for tiie Short Line. Every on<? connected
with the roads denies that there is any
connection between them, and Charles "W.
Clark, son of Senator "W. A. Clark, has
stated emphatically that thr Clark road
is in no combination whatever, but will
be an independent railroad.
The Southern Pacific Railroad ha* made
a rate of one and a third fares for the
following conventions: Woman's Parlia
ment at Santa Barbara. March 25 and 2i;;
Woman's Board of Missions of the Con
gregational Church at Pasadena. April
6 and !>: Woman's Presbyterian Society,
Los Angeles. March 1$ to 20; General As
sembly, of Holiness Church at East Loa
Angeles, April 4 to 11.
The Oregon Short Line is building south
west and the San P<*dro. L.03 Angeies and
Salt Lake road is bulldinsr northwest. The
only other activities of the two companies
are that each Is maintaining corps of en
gineers in th/s field at the opposite ends
of the lines from that at which they ar*
building. This week the Oregon Short
Lino began construction ot the Leaming
ton cutoff from Salt Lake to Leaming
ton, a distance of. 110 miles. Materials
for construction are already ordered and
It i3 announced that the cutoff will be
completed by next fall. But it is not
known that any other materials have been
ordered.
LOS ' ANGELES. March 12.-Th«ra M
sl?ns that there will ba a roadbuilding
contest on between the Harriman Oregon
Short Line road and tho Clark Salt Lak3
road between the Pacific Coast and Salt
l^ake, but at the present the work under
way is of fetid) a nature that it haa led
to a belief that uftsr all but one railroad
between this city and th*5 Ctah capita!
will be constructed.
Special fjispatch to Tbs Cill.
Had the explosion occurred a few min
utes later troops of children would have
been passing the place on their way-home
from the -Irving M. Scott Grammar
School, which had just dismissed its
classes, and fatalities would have been
numerous. No blame is attached to the
worklngmen, who are said to exercise the
utmost care in the use of powder. The
houses damaged are all the property of
the Santa Fe,
The accident occurred In a cut which
is bring graded by the Santa Fe Railroad
in the Potrefo for the purpose of allowing
cars to be loaded with dirt from the steam
shovels with which to till In the maraii
lands known as China Basin. A liole had
been drilhd in the embankment and trie
loader had brought up a box containing
twenty-five sticks of triatit powder and a
couple of boxes of fulminating caps for
the purpose of making a blast. Accord
ing to his account somo bystander on the
bank above threw a lighted cigarette into
the powder box, which ignited one of the
sticks. He saw the smoke and realizing
that an explosion would follow shouted
a warning to the. men working near and
ran with all haste down the hill. All
the men managed to reach places ot
safety before the shock came, and by the
merest chance nobody happened to be
pacing- thp danger point at the time.
The conciiFsion shattered every window
light in two houses across the street from
the explosion and broke the front win
dows of five houses farther down the
street. The sidewalks were littered with
broken glass and the inmates of the
dwellings were panic-stricken for an in
stant. Then a rush was made for the
doors and the excited throng gathered in
the street to ascertain the cause of the
shock. When it was found that no one
was injured there was much rejoicing ana
tales of narrow escapes were narrated
with satisfaction.
Nothing but the merest chance prevent
ed a great 1o*h of Hfo and property yes
terday afternoon when a box of . giant
powder was exploded accidentally, at the
corner of Nineteenth and Minnesota
etreets. l-'ortunatcly. nobody was Injured
and the property damage was confined to
the destruction of window glass In the
dwellings contiguous to the accne of the
explosion. •
Request Board of Works to
Report on a Water
Supply.
President Schaffer of the
City Council Questions
Right to Grant
Narrow Escape From Ter
rible Loss of Life and
Property.
Another of Robinson's Alleged
Murderers Is Appre
hended.
Much Attention Is Paid by
Visitors to Array of
,. Portraits. v
Two Companies Thought to
Have an Interest in
Common.
of Legs Disappear Over
Transom.
"Jimmie" Argusllo Sees Pair
Pictures Shown at Hop
kins Institute Arouse
Lively, Interest.
Accidental Explosion of
Giant Powder in
Potrero.
Application of Santa Fe
Road Is Held in
Committee,
Supervisors Seek Loca
tion for Carnegie ;
Institution;
Surprised at Work by
Guest of Hotel
, Savoy.
Work on Los Angeles
Roads Not Clearly
Understood.
Photograph Sent Is Iden
tified Here by Men
Who Knew Thug.
CONSIDER NEW
LIBRARY SITES
RAISES POINT
ON FRANCHISES
SPRING EXHIBIT
OF HIGH ORDER
MYSTERY VEILS
RAILWAY PLANS
BURGLAR LEAVES
PLUNDER BEHIHD
WINDOW LIGHTS
BROKEN TO BITS
CANADA POLICE
HAVE KAUFFMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL£, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 3902.
9
is all digestible . and
nourishing. Mcllin's
Food is really "some-
thing to eat.''
SEIfD A POSTAL FOR A FREB
SAMPLE OP MBLLUPS FOOD.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
-¦•;• ADVEBTISE3EENT8L
"iHElfARVATJON PLAN
Of Treating Dyspepsia and Stomach Troubles
Is Useless and Unscientific.
The almost certain failure of the starvation
cure ftfr dyspepsia haa been proven time and
again, but even now a counie of dieting la gen-
erally tha fir3t thins recommended Tor a ca»#
cf indigestion or any stomach trouble. ¦ ;
--'.'¦¦'' ¦ ¦
V/'-.V.-"; "->...'; : '.j-'. . I 1 } -. • '.V/* "<¦
Many people with weak digestion, as well M .
some physicians, consider the first step to tak*
In attempting to cure indigestion Is to restrict
the diet, either by selecting certain toods and
; rejecting others or to cut down the amount o£
food eaten to barely enough to keep ecul and
body together.' i n other words the starvation
plan Is by many supposed to be the first es-
sential. . .-;;•«.
All tbis is radically wrong. It is foolish and
unscientific to recommead dieting to a. man al-
ready suffering from starvation because in-
digestion itself starves every organ, nerve and
fiber in the body. .
/ What people with poor digestion moat need 13 '
abundant nutrition, plenty ot good, wholesome. : 1
properly cooked food, and something to assist.
the weak stomach to dixest it. '•
This is exactly the purpose for which Stuart" a
Dyspepsia Tablets are adapted and the tiu«
reason why they cure the worst cases of atom- •
ach trouble. r< :-'!;•*
Eat a sufficient amount of wholesome food -
and after each meal take one or two of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets to promptly digest It. .
In this way the system Is nourished and the
overworked stomach rested, because the tablets
will digest the food whether the stomach works
or not. one grain of th<» active digestive prin-
ciple In Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets lti\ng sur-
flelent to digest 3«XN> grains of meat, eggs or
other albuminous food. -;, ,
Dr. Harlandson and Dr. Indwell rectfmmerd -
these tablets In all cas<»3 of defective digestion
because the pepsin and diastase In them are
absolutely free- from animal matter and 'other
imparities, and being pleasant to the tasts
are as safe and harmless for the child as for
the adult.
• All drugstores s»ll this excellent preparation
and the dally us»» of them after meals will b-» of
great benefit, not only as an immediate relief,
but to permanently build up and invigorate th»
digestive organs. ;
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOS MDi.
Established US2. C»a-
•ultation and private be»«
tres at oaica or by nuui*
wines suaraatMd. '
731 MARKET ST. C
CAN yUANCISCO, CJUU.
SSI both k ML%TH W rklS
B3LBS99 . M Mi Jw Mi mk.
r —^^^.^ .^— -^—
ffjr*^*^slrwv T? f^^^ l^^»^ Jl^^\ *^^^ iP^*
ELsJ^ FAVOR3TE
pSCRSPTION
li FOR WEASiWOMEtt.
jj ' The smallest jar of the wor!d-knownSk^v>^ V ' s||
»*I EfE3&iK<§n Eli vo'lftZ fib vT H HffiuB */¦' ¦'¦/' / '¦ sSt&&
I OF BEEF will strengthen and , jjffi j^S«^j\
delicately flavor the largest {^^-^^r^^^gip|g^
1 tureen of soup. Beware of so- ~&Sgfm
I called "Liebig" preparations. m
U Ask for the LIEBIG COM- '. H
|| PA NY'S EXTRACT of Beef. „ '__ , JSJO^-_JBTHE SAN FRMCISCO ' CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
10
BUSINESS CHANCES— ~Conttnaed.
A CANDY store, manufacturing and icecream
parlors: paper agencies and other side lines;
SO minutes from city; present owner been
there 7 years: best of reason for selling;
$2750. nOHLFS CO., 41 Third »t.
A SALOON on prominent corner: 6 years' lease;
well locked; must be sold; $2000... ROHLFS
CO.. 41 Third st. - -
A— SALOON on Third St.. close to Market; 2
years' lease: fine fixtures: $1000 stock; good
reason' selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
X PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market St.. fine-
• ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
Other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ¦
t>50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
' Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and - Sold.
Rents Collected. '. •'¦'
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent*
SOME bargains— McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
$225— Restaurant & oyster house; good.cheap.
$250— Restaurant: good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200— Saloon; $400. $600, $1200 sa-
loons. $175. $225. $500 cigar stores.
LOOK out. laundrymen! Steam laundry: part
for sale- good chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market St.; phone Red 3433. .
$175 — CIGAR store, in good condition. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. ' -
$400 WILL buy half Interest in well-paying
saloon; good location; near Kearny St.; look
at thi6 before buying elsewhere. P. L. DE
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$7000— PARTNER in No. 1 cash business;
clears $20(1 per month; genuine bargain. P.
S. DE LUCA & CO., SIS Kearny St.
A SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY '
To open a cash grocery store on prominent
established transfer cornw in Oakland; ele-
gant 'fixtures, cost nearly $1000; entire rent
only $25 month; see to-day. .
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
HEALY & CARR, C Eddy st.', Ssn Francisco.
nx-m« IS and 19: phone Jam^s 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business opportunities, city and
roontry real estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
A — 40 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 daily: rents $6 to $125 month.
I can pell you a fii-st-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.
I IF you are seeking tafe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' tCo-operatlve) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. -N.
S=. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton ah
FOR sale chenp — Old-established business;
chance of lifetime for tailor; going out of
, business; low rent; Al location. 354 Geary.
RESTAURANT— $4000; one of the finest that
has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi-
ness man. Address box 4189 Call offlce.
CAPE NOME — Owing to the pressure of other
buslnf«s the owner of a. rich claim, 660x1320
feet, adjoining Dexter Creek, offers rare bar-
sain; assessment work done; title perfect:
terms easy. Particulars TOMLINSON &
CO., 403 California st.
GENTLEMAN, a*e 40, married, occupying
managerial position of responsibility, desires
chance; fafr knowledge \ general business;
good coast acquaintanceship; highest local
and Eastern references. Box 4193, Call.
PARTNERSHIP interest in wholesale Jobbing
and manufacturing business; well estab-
lished; competent business man necessary to
take active part: capital required. $10,000 to
$15,000; full investigation; principals only.
Address box 417C, Call office.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion V s tn * safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
$500— RELIABLE party as partner in thor-
oughly established commission office; rare
opportunity: easy hours; large profits. 408
California St., room 4.
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fix-
tures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot
in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Robles, Cal.
$525— TAILORING on Market St.; full value In
Fight; good will; cause for sale, owner study-
ing medicine: cheap rent. G. Newton. 759 Mkt.
$1500 — TRUNK manufacturing business, with
valuable patent attached: or will take a part-
ner. Apply at S26 Howard et. *>
MECHANICS' board and lodging bouse for
sale. Box 4469. Call.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St.. -north of Market.
A SNAP — Restaurant and chop house; on ac-
count 6ickness; $200; must be sold. 411 4th.
WANTED— Partner with $5000 to $10,000 in
law bus. ; long estah. ref. requested. 4439,Call.
$400— SALOON; old established; transfer cor-
ner; low rent; long lease. Call office.
LODCtfXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— SPECIAL: 20 rms.; cor?T^ars~$165T$500
cash, bal. easy terms: price $1600. Retsloft*.
A — WE offer any of fcllowing on easy .terms: '
65 rooms; elegant; clears $4W $5000 '
. 10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms: clears $125: payments 1000
16 rooms: Eddy st. ; reduced to 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
. 22 rooms; 3d St.; clears .$100; payments. 700
10 rooms; Jones-st. corner; only 275
7, rooms; bargain: easy terms 300
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250
39 rooms; rent $40; clears $60.. . 450
A ' H - RETPLOFF CO.: phone John' 531.
P0<> Market Et.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A ~ Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. rms 1-2'
MONEY. TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call
BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Please remember that I have three compe-
tent, courteous, tober business men associated
with me and that we will gladly refer you to
hundreds of people for whom we have done
business to their entire satisfaction. WE
SELL city and country property, lodging-
houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds.
WINSTON & WOLF HI
102« Market st 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments. .$1160
20 rooms; rent $r«0; good furniture 1000
23 rooms; rent $65; must sell.'... 1250
28 rooms; corner: cheap rent 1500
23 rooms; rent $75; must sell..'. 1200
50 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY '
fSOMarket st.... (Inc.). ...Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A CAMliRON~&Tco7; ~ ' ,\
850 Market st, and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328. j
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels. lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices: in all parts of city.
A— 75 ROOMS, near Market st $C030
22 rooms. $1300: 20 rooms. $1400:1 56 rooms.
$2000: 11 rooms. $400: 18 rooms, money
maker $1800: 100 others, 6 rms to 220 S200
to $13,000. KRASKY & CO.. 1049A Market.
23 ROOMS; all sunny: 2 floors; all full; steady
roomers; will sell cheap on easy terms. M.
E. RIVES. 916 Market st ; tel. Main 128.
12 ROOMS; all sunny; running water; rent $50;
nice home on easy terms; money loaned. M.
E. RIVES. 916 Market st. ; tel. Main 128.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. — Some bar-
gains: $3300—33 rooms. $2000—32 rooms;
$750—10 rooms. $1300—21 rooms. ,$000—26
rooms. ¦ $550 — 10 rooms. 60 more houses,
some bargains, in different locations.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt.
LODGING-HOUSE 9 sunny rooms; steady
gentlemen roomers. 1100 Van Ness ave.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing mecHum; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. S p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1-
letter. $2. 1164 O' Parrel 1 St.; Ellis car. I
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance I
Friday evening. 325 Ellis St.; 50c. |
Abble Harland's circle to-nlfcht. also Sun eve '
10c: question cir. Wed.. 3 p. m.. 25c; 132 Cth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing: automatic writing
circle to-night. «05 McAllister St.; 2.>%
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.-
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily-
phone Polk 1601; seance . Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Cy7r
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night ; 00c)
• CLAIRVOYANTS. '
A— 50c and $1. PROfTweller, clairvoyant
sc.entiflc palmist.card reader; advice on bU6i-
neEs. speculation, love and domestic troubles.
f e H } - loverB> Quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win marl
or woman you love; mail $1; send date birth
lock hair, 6 questions. 10071$ Market, nr" 6th.'
FREE'. FREE! "V FREE'
PR S£- BROCKWAY, PROF. . BROCKWAY.'
1052 Ellis et.. bet. Franklin and Gough •
Readings free between the hours of 9:30 and
11 a. m. Other hours. $1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth «t :
. JHELI 1^WANTED-— FKM ALE— Con.
WANTED— First-class laundress, $30; French
second girl, $30; :5 cooke. little wash. $30. $25;
4 second girls, $25; cook, small country hotel.
. ?30: cook, small sanitarium. $25; 6 hotel
waitresses. $20. $25; nurse, $23; pantry girl.
$25; 4 chambermaids, wait I meal. $20; walt-
• ress, hotel, . Menlo Park. $25; also a large
number of girls for housework, city and
country, at $20. 525, S30. Call at J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.'S, 334 Sutter st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
'will instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will b«
. paid while learning. , LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
THE Salubrita Pharmacal Company Is desirous
j of securing State, county and local managers;
¦ salary and commission. , Call from 10 to 4:30,
Golden West .Hotel, room 136.
At PaciucHalrdressinBCollege. Murphy bld..r.94;
hairdressing.massage.manicurlng.wlgs.swltch,
etc. ;course.$5;2 wks.;poaltlon secured ;day, eve.
GIRLS to learn knitting trade: paid while
learning: references. GANTNER & MAT-
TERN CO. - .-
.YOUNG lady to solicit shorthand class and re-
celve course free. Box 4103, Call office. .
LADIES wanted for: dramatic company; we
¦ teach you. Address box 4191, Call office.
.YOUNG girl for housework. 1415 Stelner Bt.
WANTED — Immediately. 3 ambitious girls to
' learn hairdresslng from A to Z in 2 weeks
and take charge of private customers where
you can earn 850 per month: course $5. Col-
lege, 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED-jExperienced operators on women's
wrappers ;f electric power; also to take work
home. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
YOUNG lady -wanted for first-class ladies'
tailor establishment: good chance learn trade;
will pay. , R. BEDROS. P28 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-claas saleslady for suit and
- skirt department: city references. Address
N. M., box 4451, Call office.
OPERATORS on shirt wa'hits; spring work.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome St.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; help with house-
work; small family; sleep home. 523 McAl-
lister st. ,
WANTED — First-class chambermaid and laun-
dress; must have good references. Apply 2123
Buchanan st.
FRENCH girl or woman, general housework;
wages $20;- board and lodging. 822 Mont-
gomeiy st. ¦ • '
WOMAN, not too young, who can furnish ref-
erences, for a position of trust. Box 4452,
Call .office. - ¦¦ 1 ,
BUTTON-HOLE maker: steady work at best
.wages; must be first class. BELASCO &
/ HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
EXPERIENCED operators' on overalls: inex-
perienced paid while learning. 0 HiU St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
MACHINE operators to work in 'factory on
children's wash suits. 656 Mission. 3d floor.
MACHINE operators on children's wash suits
to take work home. 666 Mission St.. 3d floor. '
WANTED — Experienced waitress; 75c per day,
with or without room. 1805 Halght ?t.
OPERATORS wanted to take work home. C56
Mission st,. 3d floor.
GIRLS to learn to sew on ladles' and children's
wear. 650 Mission St.. 3d floor.
SEWERS on ladies' waists; good pay. 656
Mission st., 3d floor.
GIRL' for housework and cooking; $20; no
> washing. Call mornings. ¦ at 614 20th st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; small
family. 484 Frederick st.
YOUNG girl to press children's wear. 220 Sut-'
ter St.. room S5. .
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion;
salary $30. Box 2004, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 101 Geary st.
WANTED ..-•.
500 railroarl laborers ..r...$2 a day
50 railroad teamsters $2 a day
100 rockmen ; . . .S2 h day
20 stonemasons V $4 a day
Blacksmith : S3 a day
Blacksmith's .helper $2 2."> a day
. Blacksmith S00 and .found
AH for Nevada And. Free, fare
Ship dally Ship dally Ship daiiy
A TRACK GANG. .
For Nevada '¦ Ship to-'la;'
Free fare. ..'..-.. .Free fare.. Free fare
100 Junnelmen .?2. $2 50 and $3 day
For Chatsworth Park Ship daily
Free fare.. Free fare Free faro
10 farmers. $20-$25; 1C0 tiemakers. 10c a tie.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Roast cook and broiler, country hotel. $75;
Fry cook, country hotel. $.-?5; cook and hejper,
plain place, country hotel. 575; 10 cooks. *'>0-
$50: dishwashers, kitchen .hand*, vegetable
•cleaners/ bellboys, waiters, bakers' helpers.:
all-around laundryman. Institution, $50 and
found; plain washer, hotel laundry, country.
. $35: man and wife, for country spring, mau
to flo chores anil gardening nnd wife cook,
see party here. S50.
C. Tt. HANSEN & CO '..101 Geary Bt.
TWO geod-sized office bojs for this office who
live with their parents. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 10+ Geary st. -
A— ERRAND boy for this office
-. $3 50 per week
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
COOK and wife. $35: broiler, $10 week; cook,
country boarding-house. $40 and found;
steward for resort. $80; porter and pantry-
man for club. *3U ami found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62.S .Sacramento st.
MAN about place anrt wife, $50 and found; 3
first-class house carpenters for, country, ?•» 50
day: can washer, S40; 2 blacksmiths. $10 and
$50 and found: farmers. $25; 2 milkers, $.'J0;
¦ choremen: teamster. $1 day- and found;
young German for butcher, $20 to S25 and
found: general utility man for institution.
$25 and found; lumber sorter, Sfift;' 2 vineyard
men, $1 day and found, and 'others. .1. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sadamcnto st..-
AT W. D. EWER & CO.. t>10 Clay "st.
Blacksmith, country shop. $50 and found;
experienced wine cellar man; butter maker
and milk. $35:- plow hand and ranch work.
$30; saloon porter and cook lunch. $25 and
found; butcher and slaughterer, country. )>>:t0
and found: 2 woodchoppers, blue gum, $1 50
a cord; 0 laborers for sawmill company, $20
and board: 4 choppers . tor. redwoods, $45 and
board ; 3 barkers for the woorls. $35 «inj
board; 3 .Portuguese - milkers. $:» and Xare
paid; man to -take care of hunting. dogs, $:;o
- 11r.1i found; man about place and wife, $40.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Night cook,
near city. $30 and found; short order cook
for river steamer, $35 and found ; second
cook. $70; waiter. $40: extra waiter, $1 50
a day; elevator boy, $10 and found; young
man to run elevator, $25; stablr-man, coQn-
try, 830. etc.
BARBER shop for sale — Averages from $120 to
$130 per month: established 8 years; ship
and flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for family
' of 4: rent $15: price $200; $100 casnT the
rest $10 per month at 4 per cent Interest.
.1035 Guerrero st. ' -
WANTED— A steady man with $100 for a
plain, everyday business that will pay about
?70 per month: steady place; experience not
required. * Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN; steady job. Apply
METER & O'BRIEN, architect. Chronicle
building. .¦..-,-
CENTLEMAN stenographer and typewriter:
law student preferred. Apply between 9 and
10 a. m:. 184 Crocker building.
BARBER shop in outskirts of towTT; living
rooms: attached; cheap. B. STGLTZ. 7"3
• Market s>t. " -
WANTED — Voung man in tin shop: learn
trade: aged 1»5. Apply -between -7 and 9 at
533 Mission st. \
BARBER wanted for steady work. WM:
FRITZ. 1128 .1 St., Sacramento, Cal. <
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and SurT
•day at 132 Pacific st. •
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday
1KC8 Devisadero St., bet.. Sutter and Post.- ' ;•„
TWO barbers , steady for 'next week. Russ
House Antiseptic Barber, Shop.. |
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
617 Montgomery at.
BARBER wanted: steady. 527- Castro St.. be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
WANTED— Hustler, under 23. to leave city"
Address ' box 4469. Call office.
WANTED — Apprentice boy. about 16, to learn
-blacksmith trade. Box 4104. Call. • 3
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. * 437 Francisco
street. - ¦
WANTED— All around boy at 20 Stockton st.
WANTED— Second cook. Walter and dl3h^
washer.; 1502 Kentucky st.
TWO second-hand barber chairs for sale cheap;
..also bicycle. . 2:14 Clara st.V , ¦ ¦-. ..
3 ARCHER barber chairs for sale cheap. 323
: Grant ave. " . ;. ,\ , ;.-._; .;
WANTED— 50 ' men to take lodging in Cam-
'bridge House, 543; Howard; changed hands.
A— DR. O'DOJTNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaint*;
menstrual female complaints- positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treaterl;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases: free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature: by consulting him save
time and money. DR. G. W. CDONNELL,
office and residence 1019 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
SO years* experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before an«J during confinement;
infanta adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHU specialist. 110 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 1228 Market st.; SO years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 006 Market St., op. 4th: fee low.
HTNDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
me^iod of treatment: maternity horns; homa
In confinement. 1128 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. T>. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladle*
specialist : a private home before- and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN 1 , ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
ciallst. 1007 y» Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st.. oppo«lt«
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES ASD MIXING.
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
for a good party to act aa director In open -
Ing the "Wabaah Mine," near Air.ador. oa
mother lods, near Keystone mine. Room 409,
annex to Call, 8. F.
200 MONTEZUMA shares at 23 cents: saerlflca:
owner needs money. Box 4450. Call. .
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. TCranrriner blr.S.
F.; branch office. Nome. Alaska, season 1903.
MISCELLAXEOPS--FOB 9AliB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. • McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
15-K.W. WESTINGHOUSE generator $250
200 light generator, engine and boiler. . .$500
5 h. p. boiler and engine, centrifugal -4- In.
pump. belt. pip», etc $200
25-h.p. boiler and engine, complete $230
43x16 return tubular boiler $230
40 b_p. flr« box boiler (locomotive) $173
6 h-p. vertical boiler $60
H. 9. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUTS, sells or renta gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. TVHITEI^AW. 253-255 Spear St.
BAR. fixtures; big stock; Installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Bryinswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
ONE 25 H. P. steam engine power lathe, 14
feet, complete with tools; good aa new. Box
4487. Call office.
SEALSKIN suitable for 88 or 38 bust; ele-
gant quality: condition finest: co«t orig-
inally ?225. for $100 cash. Box 3S96, Call.
PINE automobile; will exchange for 75 H. P.
engine, motors or real estate. Address box
3663, Oakland.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10: dress pantn. $2 73v MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office.' 23 Stockton st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
ROLLER canaries, breeding cages and young,
reasonable; moving. 918 Hyd» st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ."63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in Btock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
12 H. P. engine, almost new; only used thre«
months: very cheap. *Box 4153. Call of fie*.
MAGIC lanterns, new ami 2d-hand moving d!c«
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c: paperhanglng. paint-
ing. Merlgan. 1302 "Webster; tel. Jackson Io21.
GET your shoe3 half-soled while waiting: 25a
to '50c. 563 Mission st.,' bet. 1st and 2d sts.
NEW home and Domestic eewint: machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-h;»n'1
and launches. J. K. DQAK. .*KiG Mission irt.
ENGINE^ and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. IS) Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-han<1 modern engines and boilerj
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg; Co.. 9 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER"
MAN-SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for oM seai-
sklns; address at *nce: will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 3276. Call afltce.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coat*; also gants"
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — Second-hand fireproof safe in go<yi
condition. Box 4458, Call office. . '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth st. : tel. Jessie 2SM.
MOXKY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN~"MU^HT,~6OTV6ra^xaiEFner »5i
»-. $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates *
Oa First and Second Mortgages. »...,
On Life Interests In Estates....... „
Property Being Held in Trust «
Undivided Interests .in Real Estate »
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Ftob*t-»;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONET „
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CQf' (Inc.)
$300,000 at 3 l i and 0 per cent in sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgages, lhfe insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsettled estates, umliviclofl In-
terests In real estate, and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities Manhattan t.oan Co..
Tei. Red D024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENt!
Tint, second and third mortsa^es „
Undivided interest In real estate in probate.-
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.. .
Get my terms before doing business elsewhers
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3 „ .
ANY proposition, any amount; d per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undiv'.djd
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room '«,
1st floor. Chronicle bit;- GEORO3 E- OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., n*af
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store " 84*
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos- no lemoval-
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBT*
¦26 Montgomery st., room 7. opp. Lick House.
$D^?^^« T 6 -P er .«« n *. in sums to suit in city;
$1S4),OCO on larse ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son, 112 Pine.
ON ,Hn™ C « tat< T 1 ? ° C 2nd mo «sases and on fur-
niture or plands: no removal: any amount-
lowest rateg. BECKER. 38 Geary St.. room W.
A tu?e I^t T rS PSrty l0a " 3 any am <?unt on furnlZ
?Pi *-S;? n ,'2? : no remov «': low rates; confiapn>
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO. . . . .^i^PhS Sgfc
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room S3.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
F**. y *T?° "nioval; no commission; conflden- '
tiai. Room 3. Conservatory bid?., 301 Jones.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 1719 Buchanan, nr. Sutter.
$10 UP on furniture, pianoa; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rrn. 72. 4th fir!
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
Ing rent. MTJRDOCK. 514 Pine st.
°^i*LS er cent on furni ' ure : *5 a month on eacb
glOOO; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. I.
M ??£r y T Ioaned "alarled -people without security.
HILL.-r. 44. Merchants' Exc 431 Cal i f orni *.
CASH loaned salaried people \ on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no rs-
movaL Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 0 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal-
strictly private. LICK, lie McAllister st.
IF you want a borne I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary: no mdorser- Eastern
plan. Western I-oan Co.. :{Q0 Phelan bldg.
INSTRUMENTS.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS^ ~~~
Second-hand upright pianos from S53 ira.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ CVRTA7 £
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. B Chickertng! T Ma3o*
& Hamlln. Vose.^Sterling pianos.
. AN * ?»*?<> '"old by us taken back "any time!
within 2 years and full purchase prtce al-
lowod on a new peerless Knaba. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 »
O'Farrell st.; established 1330. '
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauxy pianos:
Lester pianos; Spielmann . pianos; Cecilia*
& rfe p c o.t pl .r player; ptpe orstaM - ** «*
ALL siz<
price.
HELP WASTED—MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY...... Phoney Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
«TA-«i6 Clay st......
OFFICE OPEN. 7 A. ».. — .....
10 laborers, no experience nea r cl ty $34 and
found; 5 laborers. $X 75 day; 3 basalt block
makers, no quarrying. S3 to $4 day; fireman
for furnace of mine, $65; furnace man
quicksilver mine, steady Job, $2 -j day; 5
laborers for mine, $60; 3 stablemen; gard-
ener, country, $30 and found: 10 farm handa
$2ti and $30; 5 choremen, $!»• £2°. *~° an . d
found: 3 chore boys. $10 and $15 and found;
2 milk wacon drivers. $5O and room: chore
bey, private place. $10 and found; man and
wife for private place, fare *1 25. $40 and
¦ found; blacksmith, country snop. $40 and
found; 2 slack coopers; stenographer and as-
sist on books, $50, country
WOODCHOPPERS • • •» " • ;
Reduced fares
1 45 . woodchoppera on a new camp; level
ground, virgin timber; big money can b«
made; prices: Redwood. 80c: pine, »l -o;
hardwood, $1 60; ties, 10c to 18c each
HOTEL HELP. ETC ...i.......
Baker, country shop $63 and found
Bakers' helper. $15 and found; third baker;
cook, country ' hotel. $50 and found: cook,
small place. $40; 6 cooks, other places; 5
waiters > A
19 kitchen hands, dlshwashersretc
MURRAY fe READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
PHARMACIST who understands telegraphy:
wages. $60 and room. Address box 60, Ban
Andreas, Cal. ; ¦-..-. '
WANTED — Long straw collar makers; also one
sewing machine hand to work on collars. P.
SHARKEY & SON. Portland. Or.
WANTED — Sober, reliable, young man ¦y' 111
some cash; no experience necessary; $13 to
US week; steady place. Brown. 1221 Market.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook wanted; wages 840
per month. 1563 Fifteenth st. r
WANTED— First-clasa ladles' tailor; steady
work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 084 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO-
HARRI3 CO.", 541 Market st. _
EDUCATED man, knowledge real estate, want-
ed ; cash bond. Box 4449. Call office.
WANTED — Young man with $230: tend cash,
restaurant; $60 month. BROWN, 1221 Market.
WANTED — A competent printer to take charge
of a printing office. Address box 4456. Call.
WANTED — A good errand Ijoy with references, i
Call at Baron's, Ladies' Tailor, 24 Grant ave.
BARBERS — Two chair country shop for sale.
100 Ellis st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at , the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men and laborers wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth. Nev.; wages, $2 per day;
board $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in demand;
1 only requires S weeks: tools donated; cata-
' logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
_635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks: tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue, mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angelea. Cal.
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L.'. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson sts.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop; good location;
reason for selling, leaving city. Call 703
Howard st.
AT 630 Market st. — Ex-soldiers to file extra
pay claims, etc O. E. . HOWE.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat-
ine age and experience, box 4182, Call office.
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, carpenters and sea-
men for chips at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
COATMAKER foT country. Apply REXriS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
cr write Sherwood, pension atty.. C24 Market
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan I
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. >
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for-All parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOAti
Valencia st.
— !
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
CHESTNUT driving team of mares, asjed 7 |
years.' sired by Reno Prince; very gentle, j
Ftylish. perfectly fearless, free from vice and j
need no boots; broke single: easy to drive;.'
price very low. Apply to WM. O. LAYNG. 1
Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard st.,
near Third.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 32T- Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. j
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade, j
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv- !
Ing horses of all grades, sizes and style. J
•Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
AUCTION— 20 well-broke saddle and driving
horses at Mascot Stable. 1108 Golden Gate
ave.. Friday, 11 o'clock. j
SANTA ROSA Faleayard — Horses, hames* and j
bug&Iess bought and f-Td. new stock always |
on hand. 1-109 "Market cr.. corner Eleventh, j
FOR sale — Span of bays. 4 and 5 years: full !
sisters: also buckbeard and harness. 2262 |
San Jose ave., Alarneda. -r
SAN. Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June ft. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave. t
PARTNER: half-Interest livery stable; all new j
rigs: account other business. 2125 Mission. I
Largest stock 2cl-hand wagons, buckboard. sur- I
reytfiarness.work.drlvlng horses. 13th& Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugji'es. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon' for sale cheap. 5S2 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $t per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. _G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$47 60 — HOUSE of 8 rooms: large basement and
large yard. 1613 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
yard: fine location; Portola. off Waller.' bet.
Pierce and Stein^r. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
- lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success: free consulta-
tion. Room »). Lifibes builrlinsr. 130 Post.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A Knights Templar watch charm In
the shape of a Maltese cross; name of L. P.
Breuner engraved on one side. Reward ol
¦ $5 for return to 057 Market st.
LOST — In or. near Orpheum, night of February
1 \, 1002. lady's Rilt- belt, with gold buckle.
Finder please return to 6C6 Mission st. and
collect 55 reward.
LOST — A Scotch collie, female, tan, with white
marking, 0 months old. Return 28-10 Jack-
son at. and receive reward. - -
LOST— I^rge mastiff Ucg. In the neighborhood
of Yolo Mills. Return to Yolo Mills, • corner
1 Mission and Main sts.; reward.
LOST— Small tan dogr license 1373. Return
fOS Filbert ft.: reward.
LOST — In Jtlssion, brown cocker_spanlel. "W
Price" on collar. Reward at 221 Capp s>t.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savin's
an<l Loan Society of San Francisco In th»
name of DAVID?: CAPELLO; No. 221-15S3.
The tinder will please return to bank. ~
LOST — Heart-Fhaped topaz brooch" set in, small
diamond?; valuabtc to. owner account asso-
ciations. , Liberal reward office Palace Hotel
BLACK dog with white collar: owner can re
deem by paying expenses. 21 Minna st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the T-alTforl
nla W atch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold ami r,\ Iyer to make new watch cases .
matrimonial! i ~
MARRIAGE bureau: est. ISS7- rellihle an \
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs Hcr£ ' 7$ ElMs
MATTRESSES AND I'lLLOWS.
TO order also cleaned and sterilized; unhioN
stery: AV carpet cleaning; honest work euar-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER^and talloress ; good fitter and
designer: understands- her business. Box
. 4^92. Call office..
A COMPETENT girl wants situation at second
work; waees $25. Apply at 1841 Buchanan
st., near Sutter. '.. - ¦ ,- ' ¦ ' ¦ ', ¦
COMPETENT stenographer desires employment
at moderate wages. Box 4195, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes position as cook
where another girl is kept. 427 Stevenson.
GERMAN woman wants cooking or housework
by the day. 600 Natoma St. ' ' : ." -
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework or
-assist; don'f mind children.. Call 22 Page.
WANTED— Position In country by first-class
cook. C, Call branch" office. 106 Eleventh.
WANTED— By a competent woman, a position
as housekeeper or as attendant on an invalli 1 .;
best of references. Call or address 745A
McAllister st.. S. V; No objection to Ala-
| meda. Oakland or Berkeley.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires a posi-
tion; good references. Box 3681, Call, Oak-
land. .
A YOUNG lady desirea situation to care for
Invalid, or companion; ref. Box 4444, CaH.
CULTURED and highly educated lady, with
best credentials, wishes position as resident
governess. Apply box 4438, Call office. ,
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st, near Mar-
; ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
. to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
¦ bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taten for ! The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639. McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - .
_J5l«rLOY>rENT WASTED MALE._
GERMAN-SWISS landscape^ and all around
gardener, first-class references, wishes situa-
tion. See J: F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st. -^
Al GARDRNER, who understands his busi-
ness -thoroughly.' with 2."> years of expe-
rience and practical knowledge of all various
branches of horticulture and art gardening,'
nho shows th» best references and diplomas,
needs situation; private place preferred. Ad-
dre?« LOUIS KNAUF, St. Helena, Napa
' County, Cal. , •
FIRST-CLASS gardener. German, wlth-Iong
experience In growing of flowers, vegetables,
ornamental bedding, greenhouses, wishes
..steady position; references. Gardener, box
4i:tQ, Call office. . , ,
COMPETENT man wishes position us station-
' ary engineer; can run donkey; steady work;
country, preferred; steady; reliable. Box
41M. Call office' y
YOUNG married man. age 21, de"slreg situa-
tion; good address; will give cash bond. Ad-
rtrcss box 446t>, Call office.
BA RKEEPER'h assistant desires position in
rlty; first-class references. Address box
_4»G^Call office. .;¦:. ¦'¦¦<.¦&.}
STEADY, reliable young German wishes po-
sition as assistant bartender; has experience.
Address box 4464, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of smalt place in the country; man »'
good farmer and well experienced in making
and keeping wines; wife a good cook; refer-
ences Address 237 Minna St., in rear house,
. No. ]4.
SCOTCHMAN, aged 30. recently discharged
from U. S. army, excellent character, desires
situation as timekeeper, watchman or gen-
erally useful man .In warehcftise: small wages
to start. Box 4«2, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, strong and willing,
can milk, understands horses and gardening,
handy with tools, desires work anywhere.
Box 4177. Call office.
FARM hand, a strong, willing young- Swede,
age 26. wants position;, good milker; handy
with tools; knows how-to raise vegetables.
BQX.4-HC, Call. ' .
COMPETENT dairyman and general farmer
wants position as manager; familiar with
milk and creamery business. Box 4461, Call.
HOTIJL and barman desfren position in the
country with hotel or summer resort; refer-
ences. Address box 41S4, Call office.
CABINETMAKER and carpenter, age 45T
wishes work in an institution, hotel; any kind
of work. Box 4430. Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wants position as
watchman and elevator man. 725 Utah st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ' ¦¦: •- ¦ • ' - . *
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange — A fine ¦ city lot for upright
piano. 11 City Hall 'square.
££ FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC; Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
liave 42 offics In operation; new method of
placing stocks an'd bonds; conipanien Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott/ bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed : stocks
antl bonds uold; good 'projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co., 320 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
$17 — SUNNY upper -flat, 6 rooms and bath,
modern. $16 50 — 5 rooms and bath. House
In Larkspur, furnished. 13 rooms, cheap.
PATTERSON, 11 City Hall square.
A "(BRAND ;iew. 6 rooms and bath, facing
park; low rents. 755 to 769 Sixth ave.: 'Mc-
Allister. Geary or Sutro cars to door; keya
opposite, premises.
A— REDUCED rents; swell new flats, facing
Golden Gate Park; 5 to 8 rooms each. 500
to 529 Frederick «t.. near Stanyan. I
SWELL hous»>, 7 rooms and bath, on car line:
Laluvlew; $12 50. AV. T. VALENTINE. 354
Ocury st.
FLAT 4 rooms; rent $9. 1210 Stevenson , St.,
or rear of 1711 Market st.
$U — t-ROOM flat; gas; cellar. 22 Sumner St.,
off Howard, nr. 8th; water and ashman free.
MODERN corner, flat, 8 large sunny rooms and
attic. 1902 Page st.
SUNNY unner flat; 4 rooms. 416»> Hyde St.;
key at 41S Hyde. * '
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED. -
BUSH, 1900— Newly furnished modern flat; 8
rooms; rent reasonable. Call bet. 10 and 4.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— Flats 4 & 2 rms.. pan-
tries, closets, piano, garden $25, $15: 1 to 4.
FOR SALeT! ~
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 112?-11.'U Market.
_^_^PURNITURE WANTED, j
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suedXglweTlbeirnr^hTworldf;
* warranted ; kept |ft repair. . 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
:t more waitresses, first-class hotel, near city,
$25 and found and part of washing . done,
fare paid; call early
A chambermaid to assist waiting at present,
springs, see party here this morning. .... -$20-
•Waitress, choice place, mining town, fare
paid ..¦...:.... $20
2 waitresses, railroad eating-house .$20
25 '.vaitresfes. city and country $2ti, $30
2 waitresses, f.rst-clats hotel, city .. ..ftO
Chambermaid, first-class hotel, country, free
fare ;.. .$20
p Cook, small home restaurant. $30
Chambermaid to wnit, choice place, country,
far-j paid ...... ....-.....' .... :?20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .'. .V. ....
A choke place In an American family. Oak-
lan-1, yj.V no sweeping, no window washing:
- nice places for houhegirls. San Mateo. $20.
$15; ocoks, houseglrls, second girls, city ami
country: beet of wages; come and see us.
C^U.JtT^xBEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl as cookand
no. the downstairs ".vcrlt, sweep upstairs once
a.wtek; no washing; references: see lady at
our office Mo-day;. $30. C. R. HANSEN &.
CO., lot Geary st.
GIRL for housework; .plain cooking;. no wash-
ing: 'American family of 4; see laily here.
1. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress . : . . . .'. . . ....... ..$30
V\ altresa and .parlormaid .$30
German second girl ..:.:................ $2f»
Restaurant waitresses. *20, $25 and $30
I Waitress for hotel. . .;..... .$;?0
Chambermaid ......' S20
. German cook r. ;..:..'.-. ,\ -...-,'. :...'.:.;. "$36
LEON AXDRE, 310 Stockto'n's't. :
A— WAITRESS . and chambermaid - for. -flrst-
class resort.' long seasons, see party -here; 1
waitress, resort, to . go at once, fare paid.
MRb.- M. E. DAY & CO.. ."35 Geary nt ..-. .
A TT WOMAN ror dish -pantry, first-class i hotel,
;&£ : , 8leep home. MRS. M.'E. DAY & CO..
••¦33o Geary st. .: . r
LA DIES wanted for dramatic company. We
teach you. Box 4191, Call office.; ¦
T *m^?A R £, SS to ' " work • " on : Pants; - first class.
/U04A Clay st.. ; ebmer Mason.; „-. / .: :
EXPERIENCED saleslady^ In ladles', and chll-
drcn_!:TOn-JOS: I. 'WALSH.' 28 Sixth at.
__ CLAIRVOYAyTS.--ContInned 1 ___. '
MlWETUr BERNARD. ¦ •
THE FAMOUS : -• -
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner Wdg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
renings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
limppy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult- this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel.' Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
- medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms -25 and
26; take elevator. -Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for /pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and * Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future: never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture - future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 21.1'/i 6th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
- posite Sixth; pri\-ate readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. in.
A— MISS M. WILLE..326A EJHs; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. SPRENGER. clairvoyant: full life read-
lnga, 60c. 1049A Market- St., room 12.
MRS. JACQUE, trance, . sittings & palmistry
$1; card reading, 25c & 50c. 300 5th st., r. 12.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant,- card reader; past,
present, future; L. 2oc, G. 50c.-. 621 X& Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, gents 60; readings daily. ,1-32 Sixth st.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CARPET 'BEATING ASP CLEAXIiyG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send- to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
American Carpet-Beating Work* — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524..
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3JH. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
. 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CAPE XOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome an4
Yukon River points. Call or write C. F.
MOORE. 035 Market St.. room 6.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Ag-ency, 6th
floor, 916 Market st. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE- W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HAYES, 1715,1ir7^?entrai aveT^Cozyrmoderni
sunny cot.; 6 rms.; yard, cellar; G. G. Park.
DENTl^rS^ U
A— DR. T. S.HIGGINS.
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
'- able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other
fillings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural snd guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do^flrst-class work only and guarantee If.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
' and - fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years*
, experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Tarrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty -.gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fllllnfrs.50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my' new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2: fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER, 46 Q'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st. ;
crown and bridge wcrk: Bas specialist.
V>R. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without r.late. DR. II. G~.
Y.OUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15»; Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk ll.t.V
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School^
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
; hog hosfita.jl.s^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
_ EDUCATIONAL. ~~
HEALD'S SCHOOL oY^KL^CTrTcAlTeNGi"
. NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life 'scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
. all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free. .
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
, colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad--
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEU-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $.V): catalogue.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; we
had (> positions last week, paying from $G0 to
$75: typewriters free to shorthand students.
S. F. Business College, 12.1(! Market st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltiong. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell Kt. .¦
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
-~vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1SC4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast-
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott- bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
¦ modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. -305 ' Larktn «.t
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Language3.320Post;estab'd lS71:ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
• lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.: 56 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. V
HEALD'S Business College,- 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 15-firi; new SO-onee catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. ' Geo.
Kinoshita, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell S50l]
CHINESE and Japanese Employr*cnt Office —
Eest help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42C
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office 415 Stock-
tor.; tel. Grant 168;. expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and. Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post: GEO. AOK1 ; tel. Bush 125.
RKLIABLK Japanese-Chinese -Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help.- 420 Powell. nr.Sutter:tPl.Black 5072.
EHI'LOY3IEXT y A _ yT _ E °~ KEMAXfc!j
COMPETENT German woman with 2 young
girls wants position in the country on a ranch
with good family, near a school;- only for
cooking and general housework; no others
need apply; best ref. 132 Fourth St..' room 9.
TRUSTWORTHY woman , wlwhes ! light . house-
work in plain-living family;. : steady . placa
. wanted ; ¦ no postals. Please > call : 770 Folsom.
SWEDISH girl wishes position ; to do general
housework or upstairs work. Call at 23."i
California ave., . between 29th ; and ? 30th :'sts.
SAJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franctaco
Call, cerner of Market and Third streets; open
PnttI 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Cte.y; open until 9:30 p. in.
200 Hayes street; open until »:30 p. m.
•59 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
MS Lerkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
'9*1 Mission Btreet: epen until 10 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner' Sixteenth; ©pen
until 9 p. ra.
100 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1PM5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tusky streets; open until 0 p. m.
2200 Ftllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
, CHURCH SERVICES.
THIS Friday nirht an address will be deliv-
ered in Trinity Cnurch. Bush and Gough
Fts.. at I? o'clock, by the Rev. N. B. vv.
Gallwev on "Nine Years' Evnerience in the
"Slums of Chicago and New York." You are
c>:-diall)' invited.
. FREDERICK- W. CLAMPETT. Rector.
MEBTISG NOTICES. vj
CAJWFORNTA Commandery J ' K - - •*¦ —
T.. S Post tt. — R<>g-iilar arf^mbly TSSp
THIS <TRIDAT> EVENING, 7:30 Kj
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All fra- W
'ters cordially invited. By order of w
th* Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN «3aie Lodge No 30. T. and m
A. M.— Callf-d meeting THIS «FRI- _J\_
DAT) EVENING, at 7:15 o - clock. E>. ICJfT
S. By order of W. M. *~
EDWIN L-. METER. Secretary.
PAST GRANDS' Association, I. O. r B 52&^.
: O- F-— The regular quarterly gyPL.^Sj
m^fttirg win b? held in Fraternal
H»U. I. O. O. V. building. FRI- "wttv*
DAT EVENING at X o'clock. A» proceed-
ir^y are <»itpe<"t«l tn be unusually interesting
a good attendance is requested. Secretary
will be in aUf-rjdanoe from 7:30 to receive
dys and enroll new member.".
F. L. TURPIN. President.
TV. T- WEBB. Secretary. -
APOLLO Lodge No. 12S. I. O. O. -sgiSK^fe,
V - All members are
¦• V. .'. NTCIIOLLS JR.. Orxnd T =^£*-*Szr'
Merter. -will officially visit Apollo •*W»V*>
l>d?:o THIS <FRTr>ATi EVENING. March
U. Double initiallon. fc o'colck. Memorial
Hell. Visitors cordially invited.
TV. H. <JIBSON. N. G.
W. K. NORCROSS, Rev. 8»c.
FAX FRAXCISCO Tent No. IS, K. «.
O. T. M.— Review THI? (FRIDAY) J&ggrK
EVEI.TICG at :> o'clock, rk-neer 6§?<&nS
Ha'.!. -1 i-ourili «. Wtt£tV£#
Record Keener. ''Mp^
NOTICE of M«*ttnjr of Stockholders— Office of
the Tnion Trust Company of San Francisco,
Number 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor-
ner o* Montgomery and Post streets, San
FranciEc-o. Cal.. Jan. »th. l»02— Notice is
hereby riven thai pursuant to a resolution
of the board of directors of the Union Trust
Company of Pan Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on tbe 9th day o£ January. 1902 at
a meeting of raid board, duly held at the
office of said comrany. in the city and coun-
ty of Sen Francisco. Stat» of California, a
majority of the members of eaid board being
prevent, a mating: of the stockholders of said
cf>irp*.n>- -nil! be held at the office and'prin-
< ipj»i- !i.a<-e of business of said corporation, to
»>;. in the rear room on the ground floor of
J ine bu!id!ng on the northeart corner of Mont-
rcmery and Pott streets, known ae No. 2
Montgomery street. In the city and countv of
San Franciscc, Etate of California said
buiiding being the building where the board
''f directors of said corporation usually meet,
»=.r,d sajd room being the room in said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on THURSDAY, the 27th
day rt March. 1002, at 3 o'clock p. m.. for
the obiect and purpose of thereupon consider-
ing and voting upon a proposition to Increase
the capital Btock cf said corporation from
» 1.250. 000 00 (divided into 1200 shares of the
rsr value of $1000 00 each share) to $1,500.-
000 00 (divided into 1500 shares of the par
value cf $1000 Oo each share). By order of
The beard of directors.
L'NION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
<£"al) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
NOTICE to Stockholders. Market Btreet Rail-
*^ay Company — The Union Trust Company of
Sen Francisco is authorized to receive until
next SATURDAY, March 15th. 1902. for de-
posit all and any shares of the stock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
»aiae terms and conditions on which it now
holds more than three-fourths of the capi-
ta! stock of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
cf said shares. •
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Cashier.
£an Francisco, March 7th. 1902.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — Tbe regular annual meet«
tr-g of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market et.. in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. lft02. at the hour of 11 o'clock
e. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
'•f directors to serve for the ensuing-^ear
snd for the transaction of such ether busi-
ness as may come before- the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 14,
1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
m H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
'¦eived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Longnecker. In the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Genessee,
Plurcas Co.. to deposit tailings in Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., in
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
posit tailings in a dry swale below the mine,
rives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 94. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
m March 24. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
WASTED TIME— If rou~are~a first^class~iFO~-
lic'tor and wasting y»i<r time in some line
irot worthy of your ability and energy, come !
to us forenoons. 10 to 12. and we will show ¦
>-•« a proposition, the opportunities qt which
are as broad as your ability. J. S. CAN-
NON, "19-320 Parrott building.
ASTROLOGT.
HOROSCOPES caet; future predicted: reading
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor fet.
J ATTORyEYS AT LAW.
R. V.\ KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
• *'Vi; all cases; damages, estates. willB.' mort-
cagcE. iwrtnershlps, attachments, collections,
*»tc. : 5«:ni papers drawn; consultation free; '
bo adianci? charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without succeea: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. YK ;
W. DAVIDSON', 1>27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low feee;
all casea. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Maiket si.
L. S. CLARK, Emma* Spreckels bldg.. 'J27 Mar- i
k«.t st.; consultation free: no fees in advance, j
BICYCL1SS For Sale or Exchange, j
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast7~swelN
ert thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch.oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. SOI Larkfn st.
DIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of »ong.
talking and fancy birds; gold flsh, pet stock,
cages, elobes. aquariums; bird and animal
rood of all kinds. 1546 Market *t..bet.8th&ftth.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN. ~
NCRSE ¦withes childern at lowest terms; large
sunny yard:phone; nr.school. ltiOT California.
BOOKS — XBW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. Ilia Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BISIJVESS CHANCES.
A— SUOO; RESTAURANT and cnophouse '¦; Tent
*2O; good place; 1 block south of Market st
Call R. O. WILKE. 2S\ t Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th «ts. ; net rent $40; good paying business -
«^tab. years. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— S25V0; CHOP-and oyster house, near Chron-
icle; lea Ft; place clearins above $250 per
month; death in family cause of'sale. See
R. O. WILKE. 2b >j Kearny st.
A -$4000; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
*tore; ostabli*h«d years; rent $20; stock of
first-clats merchandise; will invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
fcition. Call R. G. WILKE. 20*6 Kearny Vt.
A— $350; SALOON and dance hall on Kearny
rt.: 3 living rooms and kitchen; rent $35.
Particulars at It. O. WILKE'S. 2C% Kearnyl
A— $800; BEST located saloon on water front-
'"Kgant fixtures and a first-class paying busi-
ness; rent $40; investigate and you will find
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $250; CIGAR stand, with laundry office, on
Third Kt.; rent $17 CO: daily receipts $10
nnd more. All particulars of R, G. WILKE.
2C'a Kearny st.
A— K850; CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$15: surrounded by planing mills, lumber
yards and railroad shops;* clearing above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20»4 Kearny.
A— $4*50; HARDWARE and crockery store with I
plumbing chop; on Fourth • et..- near Market-
good business; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE. '
-»C>4 Kearny et.
A— SALOONS; 60 to select from 1 $350 up
CiEsr ftands -„¦ 225 up
Delicacy stores 4 . ; ,.\~ 250 up
Groceries and bsr ........-.-..• 350 up
Oandy factory and stores. ....... • 1100 up.
KRASKY & CO.. iOJ'JA Market St.. room 16^
DELJCACr and liquor store; must be eold; no
cjrete. 127 Broderick et.
>n?dicted: reading-?
nd. 227 Taylor *t.. ¦ . ... ';... ARRIVED.
¦ ¦ t Thursday, March 13.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 72 hours from New
port and way ports. ¦
Schr Eliza Miller, Johnson. 3 daya from
Goes Bay. . . . ' ...
Schr Barbara Herns ter, Bene,dlkten, 39 hours
from E'-re!ta.
Schr Mary. E" Ruse, Nyman, :j days from
Coos Bay. . - ...
Schr Gem. Nynran. r-1 hours from Coos Cav.
W%&* SAU.KD.
Thursday; March 13.
Stmr Cilia, Adter. .
Stmr Phoenix. OtMnrvl. M»ndrcino.
DCIIESTIC PCFtT.
' PORT-'iTOWKSEND — Sailed'' March l:; — lt
' s'vr.r Glcnogle. fi-in Tai-. ma; for Hongk'jns.T^
FOKEKJN I'Or.T. '
, VICTORIA," H \ L" -Arrived March lv— Ital
Vark Cavour, from Cciiao.- '
Latis : Shipping Intelligence.
Lizzie J. and John Hemphill (owners-) with
J. H. McKay (contractor), architects — McDou
gall Bros. — All work except plumbing-, ¦ gas fit
ting and . sewering for a thrca- story and pan
basement building with' brick founJation on \V
line of Fillmoro street, 37:6 N of Union N 25
by W 100; $6700.
Raphaels - (Inc.) (owners) with Thomas H.
Day Sons (contractors), architects — Cunning
ham & Pollteo — Iron and steel work, carpenter
work, glass and glazing, plate mirrors, pressed
metal work, marble work and painting for al
terations and additions to store front of a fopr
story brick building on SW corner of Kearny
and Morton streets: $5350. ,.
Same owners with O. C. Sweeney (contrac
tor), architects same — Sewering, plumbing, gas
fitting, tiling, etc., for same on same; $2050. I
B; S. Hays (owner) with Charles Campbell
(contractor), architect none— Lathing and plas
tering for a four-story hotel building on S line
of Postt street, 103:1^ E of Hyde, 34:1V4 by
137:6; $1750.' ¦ ...-•¦.•• ¦
Churchill and Montell Taylor (owners) with
Robert Trost (contractor), architects — Martens
& Coffoy — All work except plumbing, painting,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for two three
story basement and- attic frame buildings on
S line of Bush street. 158 W of Stockton W
39:« by S 57:11; ?10,325.
Watson & Watson (a corporation) (owners)
wlth'Cahill & Hall Elevator Co. (contractors);
architect Albert Sutton — One electric passen
ger elevator for a four-story and basement
apartment house on NE corner of Bush and
Powell streets, E C7:0 by N U8:6; $2450
Builders' Contracts.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of San
Bruno and Railroad avenues, E 416, SW l&i
W 330, N. -01, one and. a quarter acres; .$10
Edward and Julia Ross to William Corbin.
lot on W line of Chapultepec street. 125 S of
Virginia, S 25 by W 70. lot .171; Jacob Hey
man's Subdivision Cobb Tract; $10.
Same to same, undivided two-thirds interest
In lot on W line of Gould street, 100 N o*
Salinas. N 150 by W 100. block 3. Garden Tract
Homestead; also undivided two-thirds inter
est in lot on E line of Exeter (Starr) street
175 N of Salinas avenue, N 50 by E 100 blocl
3, sanje; $10.
Joseph B.- and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company (a corporation), lot on E cor
ner of Fifth avenue and Islais street, NE 237-1
SE 92:11, SW 212, NW 154:0, block 89, O'N*
& H. Tract; $10. .
Carrie E. Blake (widow) to J. W. Wright
&' Sons Investment Company, lot on SE line of
Mission (or county) road, 175 NE of Persia
avenue. NE 25 by SE 83:0, block 3, same- $10
James P. Blake to Mary R. Dustan and
James W. Richardson. . lots 10 and 11, block
34, Paul Tract Homestead; also all Interest
in estate May W. Shores: grant.
Will R. and Venessa Hunt to Carrie E.
Blake, lot on E line of county road, 175 N
of Persia avenue, N 25 by E 100, block II,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Albert Uel Mills and Mary L. Mills to Anna
D. Joost (single) lot 507. Gift Map 1; lots 950
and 1074. Gift Map M; $10.
Anna D. Joost (single) to William O. Scott,
same, 3 lots ; $10.
William and Ada Havard to Peter Sunde.
lot 293, Gift Map 3; $10. -
Samuel M. and Albert M. Rosenbaum to
Harriet V. Brownell (wife of W. W ) O L
blocks 1022 and 1023; $10.
Fletcher Norton to Ida F. Norton, lot on
W line of Spear street. 229:2 S of Howard.
S 45:10 by W 137:6; gift. .
Armand Cailleau to Isaac Heyman, lot on
N line of Post street, «8:9 E of Larkin, E 68:9
by N 137:6; $10. ¦
James P. Blake, James W. Richardson and
Mary R. and Dorothy Dustan to same, lot S
line of Bush street, 91:6 E of Powell E 23
by S 67:0; grant. . ' . . -,
Agnes M. Nickerson (single) to Julia E.
Strine. lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 176:8
W of Diamond, W 129:2 by N 114; $10. '
C. L. Haskell to Charles H. Merithew, lot
20, block 11. Junction Homestead Association
(lot on N line of Valley street, 101:9 w of
Douglass, W 50:11 by N 114); $10.
William and George Levlston and Stella M.
Leviston (wife of George) to Matilda Quigley,
lot on S line of Bush street, 68:6 E of Powell
E 23 by S 67:6: $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Dan
iel McFie, lot on 8 line of' Liberty street 35
W of Noe, W 25 by S 100; $650. • -
Same to Hudson Herbert, lot on S line of
Beaver street, 250 E of Castro, E 25 by S 115;
$1200. a * ¦ .-
T. B. Pearce to Marie Derre (wife of Au
gust), lot onS line of Seventeenth street, 275
E of Dolores, E 77 by S 100; $10.
Patrick Hogan to Isidor and Arthur Frank
lin, lot on S line of Eighteenth street. 30 E
of Noe, E 25 by S 101:0; $10.
Arthur F. and Adelaide M. Bridge to Bruce
Cartwright, lot on SW corner of Union and
Devisadero streets, S 25 by W 97:3, and use
of alley in rear W of above; $10.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson to Eugene
Woodin, lot- on S line of Grove street, 110 W
of Devlsadero, W 27:6 by S 112:6; $10. - !
Thomas P. and Annie S. Woodward to Grace
Nichols, lot on W line of Laurel street, 127 :8&
N of Jackson, N 100 by W 30; also right of
way over lot on SW corner of" Pacific and
Laurel streets,- S-27:81i -by Wi 111; $4000. -, .
Mary C. and George E. Raum to Frederick
W. Kern, lot on W line of Mission street, 99
N of Fourteenth. N 99, W 100, S 49, W 70.
S 50, E 170; $10. '
Jacob J. and Julia Rauer to Eureka Califor
nia Soda Water Company, lot on NB corner of
Ellis and Beideman streets, N 100, E 90, S 25,
W CO, S 75, W 30; $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rhein • to Joseph
A. Smith, lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 87:6
W of Franklin, W 25 by S 112:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Edwin
W. and Grace V. Joy, lot on S line of Pine
street, 45 W of Buchanan, W 25 by S 93:6; $10.
Laura B. Roe (widow) to J. J. Mack, lot on
N line of Pacific avenue, 60 E of Scott street,
N 127 :SYt, by E 68:9; $10.
James P. Blake to Mary R. Dustan and
James W. Richardson, lot on N line of Bush
street, 147:6 E of Gough, E 60 by N 120; also
lot on N line of Bush street, 100 W of Van
Ness avenue, W 137:6 by N 120; grant.
Jacob Samuels to Joseph L. Rosenberg, lot
011 S line of Greenwich street, 179:6 E of Polk,
E 33 by S 137:0; ?t0.
Eda Newman, . Selma and Theodore D.
Davis, Emma and Sanford Goldstein and
Bertha Kubery to Jacob Samuels, lot on S
line of Greenwich street, 100 E of Polk E
112 :C by S 137:6; $1.
THURSDAY. March 13.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Minnie J.- Harrison asks for a divorce
from Frank Harrison on the ground of de
sertion. The couple were married in 1890
and have one child.
Edward :Hatfield was given a divorce to
day from Lulu Hatfield on the ground of
desertion. .He married his wife when he
was a soldier in the army, but she didn't
like his auiet life.
Amos D. W. Hickok, a braker, has be
gun suit against Maude Louise Hickok
on the ground of desertion. He says she
tired of home life and left him.
The troubles of Anne Gieglingen, who
sued Arthur G. B. ; Gieglingen for divorce
on the ground of cruelty, have been set
tled, too. He made overtures 'to her and
she. accepted them and now the suit is to
be dismissed.
OAKLAND, March 13.— The trials of the
Rev. J. T. Bryan, the Episcopal minister,
whose last charge was. at Stockton, and
Mrs. Emma M. Bryan, whom he sued for
divorce on the ground of cruelty, have
been ended. at last. The. news ; that they
had ibecome reconciled was announced a
short time ago, together with the state
ment that their sensational suit wou.d be
dismissed. The promised dismissal was
filed to-day. ; In it is: contained a stipula
tion to the effect that the costs are to be
charged -to "neither party as . against the
other, the same having been adjusted out
of court." ' .
for Divorce— Troubles of Other
People Aired. .
Episcopal Minister Dismisses Action
TRIALS OF THE BRYAITS .
HAVE ALL BEEN ENDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
11
ALL~TOUst"~s"^ withoui reserve. ttale open^
Mondav ir.orni;-.e at S. Km call«jrs will g»t
;irM clJokf cf ISO fianos. isorae special bar- I
K i n ?ommcr S28
1 AntlBoll -•••-•••-• - — ...$39
i Neuman <sma!I uprighti $85
1 Sh«rm*n & Hyde X85
. 4 ChlckerlnaT* Irom 5135 to $235
• Stein ways from $135 to &»5 |
37 Hclr.< s from ?1 S5 io |St*i i
SO new upright pianos rxacUy the same as !
o'-'.-red as bargains by others lor $1SS we will I
for 198. Only direct factory represent. I
Qyary gt.. opp. Union Square. ]
a GOOP idea in burins a piano is to be pure
that vou nre eettlnr a reliable lnstrumen*
from "a reliable houfe who will be respon-
sible for it and see that It 1* kept in order
There arc so many fakirs abroad in the land
and fake sales are so often resorted to. that
a purchaser cannot be too careful. We sell
_te WiFsner. Decicer. BaumelBtes- and other re-
liable pianos. You bur on the payment Dlan
if you »ish. THE ZENO MATjVAIS MteiC
CO.. 7G» Market st.
ALTHOUGH 'nany seemlnjrly advaataeeous
propositions are offered In the way of price*
and terms upon pianoe. please bear In" mind
-.hat we can not enly duplicate them, but
<?an offer exceptionally line pianos and lar*
e*t ..assortment of best makes to choose from
SHEPMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.: Broad'
way end Thirteenth eta.. Oakland.
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150: square pianos. $35 up- a. B
Cameron, walnut case, almost new «27s"
i. Bowers & Son. 23 8th St.. Ivera & Pcnd agts.'
fPniGHT piano. S1OO: splendid barvatn- best
rcntlnsr pianos in .city for $3 per month
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIAXO CO.. 660 Hiyeg 8 "l
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pUnos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. P W SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Butter and Powell *ts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price H100 tid-
w&rd: values best In the city. PIKHCE r S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. S31 Market et.
AT auction prices, 37 pianos thla week dirt
cheap: new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSpys Storage. 1710 Market.
3 LEADING pianos. Steinway, Chickerina;.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
"WANTED — Four pood squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZT. 310 Post st.
2 ELECTRIC eelf-playinjr pianos; bargains.
BYRON MATJZY. 310 Post st.
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright piano: sacrifice
account unforseen circumstances. 522 Eddy.
BAJtGAIN. grreat sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JQS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION. ~~~~
TOUNG married man wishes to lead band in
country; coast town preferred: best refer-
ences. Address Cometist, €17 Eddy st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO 3LET.
$12 — STORE and living rooms, suitable for
dressmaker. 225 Eighth st.
SUNNY offices Just below Kearny St., $10;
also large store. Keys 636 Clay st.. room L
OII_
CIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beate et.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting dene.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d at. ; tel. Red S521.
FIRST-CLAES work; iow rates; get figure*. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
iir.S. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13 The Vendome, 1101 Market
et.; hours from 9 a. rn. to 10 p. xn.
MRS. U. Elleswood. acientlflc palmist and lift
rea.dlr.jr; 9 a.m.,0 p.m. 483 Geary, cor.Taylor.
MJIE. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. TOO
Post at., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
U. JEROME FOEELLL scientific palmist. BIS
Taylor gt.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS^
NOTICE TO JlUL. MT CUSTOMERS— I havi
opened a new. Sse crtore for dry cleaning
works, imported laces and embroidered linen
a specialty, on 1827 Polk et., near Pacific
ave.; formerly Van Ness ave., corner of
Bush «t. Yours respectfully, MRS. J. DORA
KIRCHNER, nee Epiadler; tel. Larkin 4013;
-f. years' experlenoe.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pasta free cf charge; other cults on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. 1_ LEMOS, 1117 Market
ct.. between Seventh and Eight—.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS, Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th
ELECTRIC light In every room — -Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third *t~, sear Market: 700 room«:
25c to tl &0 per night; II 60 to ?6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A — VTHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 15
Ellis, makes colored ehlrts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
NOTE — March 12, 1802: A. Toso to-day buys
fruit etcre at 228 Fourth et., from L. F.
Sericano.
XVHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-oxiarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; first-class sham- ¦
poo, 50c; balr dried In 10 minutes; switches,
wigs. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton et.
AT lese than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoat*
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market et.
Electrcivtlc removal of moles and superfluous
* hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mies C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
i A Fchool to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
•V J curing. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
•SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sntter st.
A— IF your hair la falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G S.Moore.3320'Farrell; eend for circular.
PRIVATE detective work ; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
PAPERING room, walls. ?1 50; painting. SI;
¦u-hltenlng, 7r»c. Painter, 315 Golden Gate av.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Eleetri: & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism,etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mre. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
e'.ectric necd!e.Dr.&Mrg.Traverse.ll?O Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
lngtartly; 10c end 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE coeturr.e*. play books win-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt! }
TAiLOR-MADE fuitF. $7 CO; dress pants $2 50
Mfrf.t Clothing^ Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont!
ZjP. LAMCTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT the
1'HYSICiANS AND SURGEONS.
Jl RL'FTUEE and pi!es= cured; no pay untUcured"-
-^\ r.o Dpentlon: no detention from business; all
f - private diseases treated successfully; consul.
iat:en free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. C Turk.
*-OS. OLIVE GRUVER, Jady physician and
? -'8-^"". «t 3122 Market ct. ; hpurs 10 to 8.
Pg <: P. ODONNrLI--Offlce and residence,
'-1'-. Market ft., tv't. Sixth and Seventh.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
a*lKI?CE-KOIjOLPH Stora"ge^a^d^tfovlnT~Ccrr
office Port antl 1'owell et*. : teL Main 5713.
CCI.UEX V\ K> ¦•' HtorHge Warenouse. 840 Mia-
ifoKMTi Oil. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
h.KKlSS Yar. and f^tn"rage Co., C!0 Market at.;
J-_t *>**• %Uff. fhisytom at cut rates.
l ; AClrji- yu.rnee and Furniture Moving Com-
VUttUKU'l-y U'AXTBI).
TVANTEP--I00 Kcrct cr more Rrneral farmln?
!t,<1 «it!:in r. trAlcf o' rai'.road. G. K. W.,
ifi-TO .' f .^Trco::|- n Hot-!; no a?r<n'.s.
M*K« I A I, \OTKES. i
'.''>¦ "" ""uatir- pacific collection'
' f'.. i- .¦ Mninrn-«, Vi roomy 0-!0: M. . r »5S3.
9Y.W l\V. M A CH I XKiTTxD « UITWI5S. I
«*L kind* bcucbt. rclrt. r^nleJ. ex.. repairing; I
-•¦B-^r r*:~-: t hon«> Howard :ZH}4. M5 KUth
•''-¦'• K.rru* Ij Jii*:i3t. i=i id. rrnfU. f«hang«l; rn-
p^ n ... ,,.. v<^, .atf^. Tol. f^r-fn U4. SO5 4th.
r* >UFkT UA.IMAISS.IS TYPEVVRlfEK?— Us
•*i'. littler ii:acfaine« for le^s money than any
fo-jFe in ilwcllf: rental* $ ;. The Typewriter
i y»hany». _I^. < 'g. l LJ2L r!a : t(>1^r i «o r > e Main 2W>.
* # ' '^'/i:«J tyi>r~rit-r lnn*clU>n ro.~ Expert
«. I ...wiicr <2vc;t: t ; ,*t xaj; : f ce. J.'j^n.ome. «
•RATLWAY ..TBA.VEL. "
SOUTHERN P ACIFIO.
"(KAN ¦ FICA'N«»IM«r«>.
<Maiii Line. Foot 6MJ«»lcet Street. >
liatk — Frou February 9, 10C3 — arrit*
?:OOa Beuicla. Suisiin, F.Iialr* and 9»er»-
meiito ft-5*»
IiOOa Vaca? llle. Wlnt?r», Rninsnr ?*S3y
« iSOa Martinez, H»m Itaiunu. V»liej». Napa.
C»llat<>|n*ml Hants lt»M «:3.>r
9:0" a Davis, Woodland. Kuignts Landing. '
- M»rj«riUo. «>n,»Mr.. 7a."»*»
S:O«» Atlantic Kt|>re»T-Ogtieu aud Kast *:*3*
Hjooa Kltas, Lithrop. Stockton «>2.ip
SiOOa Kilm. Mrmlr.ti. lUnfotd. Visa!!*. .*«¦ '
rorlertflle • . 4s33»
SsSOa 8ht»ta l?iprr«i— !>»»!». TVinUuu'tor -
Uartlett Serins*). \Yillow». Ue>l
lilitll. 1'ortliiKl 7iS4»
(iM* San Juno, I.Wcrmoie. .Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, XtaevTVlUe,
- m»tj«'UI«. Uiicit, Una i;iit<r...... ¦*:*:>»
•il«t Oaitilair, CMnrite,.Honor», Tuolumno 4:25»
»:««* Hayvranl. M)ri ami Way Station... M>.V1»
•r*OA Vallijo .»|33>
UiOOa I.oh Ann'.es Express — Murtiiio*. .
Traej. l_thr«». Httirkkon. iirrcru
Vremxranil Los Anioln 7:13*
DiStau V»llt-]<>. nUrtiiinxaml Way Htatfen* ~i.Vi»
lOtOOA Tbs OrerUml Lltulte<t— Ogilen. Dro-
ver, Omaha. Chicago Si'Z.ir
. flrtHIr aacr»uiriii<> l!l»«rHi«niii,.f» flllOUr
giour Knileli, Winters. Haoramonln. . .:
.¦WoimI'.iihI. Knlxhti l.in.lliu.
Marj'»»lllr.OriitllJ« J»:33a
' BtSOp H«jw*r.l. NUrS ami Way Ntttlnn... . 7«33»
'4:»»r Mnrtluvx, Mali lUmim. - VnUejn.
Nhiis. 4 Smi tn Itona. . .... ' »'2-'» *
4ro«»p KVe\ LiTerniure. Stock ton. Lo-U... i*vV
4t»u r Hsywaril. Nllen, S«ii .!..»«, Ltnnuora |S>a3«
4il»r Tl— «iw| l.luiitr.l i- Fri-«»,>. Tul»re. .... -
UnkcrnllaM. Maagua for H».it* Bar-
lmra, lj»s AiKKieH.... ¦:.!.!»
¦iitOr Port Co»?». Tr«r. l.a'hrop, Stockton lUiitSA
Sin»r M<rth>'«. Anliocb, Sujcktoii. Jlsr- : {"*
,'- '¦ . • e«J. Fr«Hitu> ...,.' Iti»."»»
•ittOrllXTMiJ, Ntl«mnilS«ii Jim Js.Vi*
fSiOllr Vallnjn .'. t Ii93«
•iO«r Orimitnl \:rfll~<>gil«n. Dourer. ¦'•
- Omaha. 3t 'Lov.im, rhlciffo -tt33»
llOOr OrttKimanil OalllnruU l>'.i|>i»iiR.N ao . - ; .
l«i..«nU, Murrntllfe. lti«l.l!n«. - ••
rorlliiii.i. I'liKflt Pifiin'il ami East »(33»
¦i«3pS an Pablo. I'ort CoHta. Marttnes
amUVay MlalfoiH 1 1 .83*
t»iQ.tp Vmll.) t ...;.. ;..... 7t3ay
COAST lilNE <K«rr».f U anK »).
1 ¦¦ ' >Krvt..t M..thetStrey*.t
ailAA Nem,rk.«.'-i«trr.lllc.M«n.l.»n.f,-lt(.ii.
UouMorOi ok.KaiiUCinxaiur Way
MtuUuna •«••»
tlllnp Nawark. Centert Illf. flmi Jkm, New
Alumlmi. Ki'ltini, linnlilar t/'rs«k, - '
fiantt Triix ami I rtucluiU Way
Stallana '. !••»•»
4illtr Nairarlr, Sail .Jo»«. l.nn Gatcn t9)S«4
mt.Zttr IiuntrrV Tr»ln -San Jcio and Wajr ¦ '- '¦'.
Station* 17.**»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
¦»a S1H FRASCIsCO — ?ooi of a.ukft Street (Slip 8)-
17:15 9:00 I 1:00a.m. 1:C3 3:00 t.lir*.
fiiaOUUHD— r.il .' Br»jJ»«j.— fn-.mi :»;00 t3:0»
1Q:B0a.u. 12:03 8.83 i.OJr.w.
COAST liINK (Hroa,! U*n K r). ..
_ (Ihlr.i »t..t TotTinen.l tltt.)
' CiIWa bau Jkseaud VV»jM«tiui)a...: ' «:4<>a
7iU0a Han .).»» »...l \i »• HUttmi,,.,..,. |Si»O4
/7HM»A N«w AlivaJm .' / «ll©»
¦ittUA Coast Line Limited — 'ftatt Jose.
Gilr/y. Salloas, Bar Lnia Obiepo. .' ; r
Hanra l;»rt>.ir:i. I n< A Bgrlt ¦- bud ¦•'
principal 1ntenrte«Iiate»t*tfon*-... • < *;43»
Mil* Kan .)¦»«. Tie* I'irua. tiunln Vnn, -
¦ Txriiic tiintr, ralinia rinu lot* '
Ob?si>o ami ri!iic<i'»- In termeilUt* -
SUtinim «:IO>
10:30a San Jrse and W.y Stations.^ *i3S*
lltR«»A Hau Joiie anil . Way Kbilhma »;4«*
. tat-tSp .San Mati-o. Krdw.io.!. Mc»lo Park. - ,-
-. l*alo Alto. .Sant»(;iara. iSmi .li«e.
Tw Plooa, N»»t» l.'riix. Sallima
Mom«r«rai>'l racllio lirnf »l»:43»
•sSOr MaD.1tM«aii<l Way titathma.. l«:««p
HllAr 8an Jon* ami rrinripal W»y SiHlinnt 5t4»»
iiB Or Sunset IJmlted— Monday*. Wedmv .
a&j*. Friday*, for Lo« Argelen, El .
Paso. N«w urleana ami New York. " . .,
.... ArriTea Hundaja. Taesdaja and
TburaUaja I0il»«
MltOr San Joae, los Gatoa snd l'rincipal
Way Statlona .'» ««»:«•»
• l3Or SanJosa »n<l I'rliietpal Way Station. «:3«*P
I «ia«p San Jos- aii.1 WiirStatlnna ««.1O»
! 7l««P-New Orleans Erpne*a — • Pan I.nU
: ' Obispo, Santa bdrtwrm. Txm As- -'-
(teles. D mfne. El Paco, New Or-
leans and K.»st ' 1 !«¦•*
flll43p San.lom-mi.l Way Sratlona 7i»O»
A for Morning V for A f ternoon.
t Sunday excepted 1 Sunday only. - -
/l-iiwdaysaud rriiaft,
| CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN UY. CO.
1 XjESSEIEJS • *
SAN FRANCISGO AHJ fU.tt.i PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY, -i* •
Tlbiiron Ferry, iFoot of Market St.
San Francisco to ?an Ralai*.
WEEK DAYS-»7:30; 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12.33,
3:^0. 5:10 6:^0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. ¦ '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:00, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m _ ". .. i . ,¦ '
€an Kafael t- fnn Francisco..
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, -5:15 p. m. tiaturdaya — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 8:35 p. m. •" r " ,
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. rn. ; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m^^ ; _^ j
Leave ( In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. ifl. lUOl! San Francl3co.
Week I San- • ! . I San- I . Week
"Days. I daj's. | Destination | daya. - | ¦; Days.
•7:30aInl^8•.00am Novato, L10:40am| 8j40am
3:30pm 0:30am . Petaluma, «:05pm|10:25iam
5: 10pm [ -5:00pm Santa Rosa.| .-7:35pnn 6:20pni
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:10arc
Lytton. ¦ .'
Geyacrvllle. ¦
3:30pm 8:C0a"m Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6;20pra
7:30am 5:00nm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah . 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ' 1ln:40am|l0:25am
8:00am GuernevUle.l 7:33pm
3:30pm 5:CCpm I ' ¦ ¦ 6:20pra
7 :30am I 8:C0am Sonoma 0:13am Si40am
... I • . -and - - ¦•— .
5 :10pm i 5:00pm Glen Ellen. C:C5pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:C0am| )10:40amilO:25am
3:30pm| 5:t"0pm| Sevastopol. ' 1 7:3Spm( 6:2t>yin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa fo"r Mark West
Sprin»;3 and White Sulphur Springs; at Fnlton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at.
GeystrviMe for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers:' at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Htghlacd Sprinsrs. KelseyvlIIe. CaTis-
had Springs, Soda Cay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs,' Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Duck'nell'*.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Crags. Westport. Usa:.
Wllltts Laytonville, Cummms, Bell's Sprtns>
Harris. Olsen'R. Dyer. Scotia and EUireka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to a'.l points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. ....
H: C. WHITING. . U.X. RYAJf, ..
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH FACiFIG GGAST MILROAD.
Via Scusal!tD.F«rr/
Commencing September 2!H 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — U:55, S:3O. •5):.1*>, 11:0© a. m..
«1'45 3:13, 4:15. 5:15, •6:13. 6:45 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAY— *S:00, »10:C0, Ml:30 a. m.. *1:IS.
3:15 »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m. ; ¦;
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin. :
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *3:23. 6:27. 7:45. 8::W». 10:M
a m. •12:25. 2:15. *3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays .and
Saturdays at 6:13 and 0:55 p. m. •¦•¦>. - •
SUNDAYS— «:13. ?S*#, n0:00, nt:S3 a. m..
•1:40. 1*3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <?) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. «:43, T:53. 8:55. 10:30
a. m., 12:35. =:43. 3:50, 5:10 p. tn.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and IQiSS p. m. .
SUNDAYS— R:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. 2:13.
3:30. 3 :C0. C:45 mh
THROUGH TRAINS.' :' - -ir.,'
P:53 a. m. waek days — Cazadero and way
station*. - • ".;..¦-¦••
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan- Mills and way
stations
. «.(Xi a. m. Sundays— Duncan -Mills and way
stations. • .
Legal Holiday boats and trains n-!M run on
Sunday time. \ '
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I Via Sausalito Ferry . Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
fi/cck Snn- „, tls , _ w Sun- [VVeek*
1:45 7 . 10:00 a. 7; mTln . m a* «*j «** :?:00 *• S:W S
«:15 P. ! 1 1 ::» a . 1 1 * „._,, _^ . * 4:25 r. 5»5 p.
Tin. Sn rrVitl-« tr Su™»lt »nd EfMm. Jl.«X
. CakttOKM. «UX_Ull;iTUUIuid»ACiaUIOr-_.t '
>^"^ Dr. Gibbon's DispoMsary,
t«f*fm; Sal' 11 *** for the treatriiPMt «f 1'HvmIb
jS\|J^.^Bf Dis«-«<«i-R, I^Kt Kuniui^i Pchlilty or
C__J|_(_»» ( ' lM 'ni'" wforlngrim borlynnil niln<i ami!
*»^'jpa.^'V«5'* li!n Wsfl|ir^ Tl 'f Doctor rur^sn-i.-n
tJirfjf ii-ii'iotliprs full. Try hln. fhanf»-n Idw.
r'ViiMijfriXT«'"ro»ci.nr;»hj«-c.l. Caller wriU
£<r. J. SP. «IO?US. jsah FraiM-in c. CaL ¦
REAL ESTATE CITV— FOR SALE. |
joseI^strauS; ~"~ ; ~
S50 Market st.. corner Stocktcn.
n , _ Telephone Grant 177.
«eal Estate J^ents.
r> - . Property Bought and Sold.
_Rents collected.
i*i R s f- le cheap— Modern 8-room house, recep-
i* on hall, porcelain bath, conservatory, large 1
nnished basement, fine marine view, overlook-
ing: Golden Gate Park; lot 25x140; cost over
MOOO; will sacrifice for quick sale; leaving
__city. See Owner, premises, 1278 Stanyan st.
?6500 — Excellent Investment Miss Von property;
house 21 rooms, etc.: lot r>7:6xlO0: brings in
$00 mo. rent. J. F. PLtTMBE. 1402 Valencia
2 LOTS, 25x120; cor. of A arid Taylor sts..
Colma; reasonable for cash. Inquire S00
Hayes st.
$7000 — FOR sale or exchancs. nice flats, well
rented. Box «447. Call.
FOR sale, at barcain— Point Lobos ave. lots.
Address Owner, box. 4178. Call office. •
NEW house. 6 large rooms and bath; modern.
CSS San Jot=e ave.. corner Valley. " '
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. 500 to $»0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlets and Information. • : ;
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, ' WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8. F.. fc Ban J.
PROFITABLE orange.- lemon, peach and prune
: lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
CHEAPEST and. best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
; ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
flSOO — LOT and cottage of 5 rooms; $400 cash,
i $16 per month.
$1140 — Corner lot, 38x120; Santa Clara ave.
¦ and Sherman, st.
$700— Lot 30x110; Santa Clara ave.; will
. build on tbese lots on terms to suit. J. H.
YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park St., Alameda.
H. O. MEHRTENS, 1520 Webster St., Ala-
meda. — Heal estate property bought and sold;
rare bargains this month; send for list;
. houses rented. '
' BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
', $33T>0— FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms ; lot SOx
, 156; near U." C. grounds and electric R. R.
, JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
i $3200— THOROUGHLY well • built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done; cement slde-
! walk; only 2% blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON.
- Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
eewered; corner lot. -40x100; Golden Gate.
• J 1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4 -room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
eewered; lot 50x130; Asbby ave., near Berkeley
¦ train.
$1750— $550 cash balance flat loan. Pacific
• Home Building Company, 39 Nevada block.
San Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: hich base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCH, S14 Pine.
• CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
• United States or Canada one year for SI.
; FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
; PRCITVAI^E REAL ESTATE.
• $6 50 — Al CHICKEN ranch; plenty of good
j water; 475 chickens, 5 ducks, 1 cow, modern
Incubator, large broodery, 3 brooders and
number of chicken bouses; well laid out and
I nicely fenced: bone mill, meat grinder and
garden tools; $500; 2 acres rich land at a
! bargain; near steam and electric cars; model
echool. Call or address HULL & LEE, 1%
blocks from Fruitvale station. Fniltvale ave.
; AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins et. : 2 blocks from
2 afreet cars and public school; furnished cot-
. tage of 6 rooms ; stable, chicken-bouse, pig-
con oote, etc; ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from E. F. : rent $35 a month.; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, cr H.
A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
• OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
; LOOK THIS UP TO-MORROW! ~"~""
Seven new cozy homes of 6. 6, 7 and 8 rooms
f each, with latest style plumbing, tinting, etc.,
. etc; all pretty and modern; lots 40 feet front
' <or more if desired), with elevated, sloping
¦ lawns, stone walks and street work all done;
i terms $250 DOWN and monthly- payments of
$25 and upward; located on Menimac or Twen-
ty-eighth St.. between Telegraph ave. and
¦ Grove St.; handy to echool, churches and elec-
tric cars, and within walking distance of town;
take Telegraph ave. or Grove st. cars direct to
the property. See W. T. HARRIS on the
' premises to-morrow, or GEO. W. AUSTIN, 460 t
Tenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMSHED HOUSES.
MODERN furnished cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
piano; 5 minutes' walk from City Hall. Ad-
deess box 36€2, Call office, Oakland.
FURXISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — For six months, a furnished mod-
ern two-story house of 8 rooms; Webster,
Oak or Clinton stations; near electric car pre-
ferred; will exchange for the above a furnish-
ed house In Mill Valley. Address box 44G2,
Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
1 FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIL HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM, 742 — A eulte of housekeeping rooms
to let for $10 per month.
GEARY, 736 — Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; others; gas.
GEARY, 1237, SE. cor. Gough — Two large,
Eunny front rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1304 — Nicely furnished
eunny room for housekeeping.
HOWARD, WSJ — 1 or 2 front room?, furnished
for housekeeping with bath.
HOWARD 1063 — 2 completely furnished sunny
connecting hkpg. rm.s; range; run, water; $10.
I LANGTON. 256V4— 3 eunny, nicely furnished
• rooms for housekeeping; private family. ,
MISSION. S45 — Two rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay
window; large closet; gas stove: housekeep-
ing; complete. .
SIXTH 119A — (The Piedmont) — ( connecting
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping. •
• «IXTH, lSS'/i Large sunny front room, house-
* keeping allowed; others; rent cheap.
STOCKTON 120C — Sunny single and double
* housekeeping roorne in a modern house; -rew
furn.; gas free } gas stove; $5. <O. $8. $10. $12.
TURK, 332— One large housekeeping room; 1
email roomj J
CLASSIFIED advertisements and (subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
a rrivch office for Call advertisements and
•ub^Hptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft. ; ;
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
A— FREE printed list furnished rooms to let;
with «,r without board; we save you walking
the street*. Tourist Ifr.ting Bureau. 10
Montgomery et. '
ARGTU3 Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAtlirter cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. '
j A^BRUNSw"lCK~House. I4S Sixth— Rooms
£Sc to $1 p«- night; «1 2T. to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all r.lgnt.
BDRNETT.** 1438 J Market (old No. 1M4)— Fur-
nlshfl rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
J BUSH. ««»— Large room, nicely furnished; run-
| ning ivat«»r; one. or two gentlemen.
I3CSH, 725—3 light tunny rooms, unfurnished;
call evenin~». __^^____________.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ._
EDDY, C27 — Large nicely furnished room for
1 or - Gentlemen; private family.
ELLIS. .T21 <Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
.•{5c. $1 00 night; ?J B_ $0_wk.; open all nignt.
GEARY. 405 /The~N T avarre)— Elsgantly furnish-
ed fitiitcs and Elngle; travelers accommodated..
(ROOMS TO LET— - Fnrn.and ITnfnrn.
GEARY, 483— Several well furnished rooms to
let. ; . • ¦ . , ¦ :
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel,, 7th 'and Mission—
"Family house; those requiring- a quiet,- orderly
home at moderate charges ;suit,single;elevat.
HOWARD, 640 — New house; free gas; running
water; from $1 25 week and up.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front suite,, $17; also baae-
• ment. rear suite, yard, laundry, $13.
JESSIE. 303, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nlshed rooms, $4 and $5.
LARKIN. 110— Elegantly furnished rooms; en
suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths ;newly furnished. single rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 v Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. ,
NICE sunny furnished room, near F"illmore
and G. G. a.ve. ; references. Box Call.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms, and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, j emoking-room and I ladles' par-
lor; rooms. , per night. 35c to $150; week,'; $2
to $8 ; month. • $8 to $30 ; - elevator on : ground
floor; rooms with hot : and cold water ; i baths. :
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,;
. near Market — FurnlBhed or unfurnished. ¦
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st. ¦¦¦.,
VALENCIA, 1122— Nicely furnished -sunny
• rooms: new flat; dinner If desired;. gentlemen
preferred. • . . ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmqre.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦.'¦_;
ROOMS AND BOARD.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold-water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable ;phone South 829.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, tingle rooms; first-class table board.
CORBIN (The), ¦ 836 • Sutter — Nice sunny room
for one or two gentlemen; excellent board.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel.fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
JOHNSON, The, 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CROCKER, The, 015 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites ; . excellent | board ; terms reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best in America-^The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, -sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year ..for $1,
postage paid. ¦ . ¦
PROPOSALS.
NOTIC^^TO^ColcTirtA^TO^S^oTflcT^oT^lthe
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, .320
Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the 'erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26, 1901, Statutes 1901, page 823). and In
accordance with the resolution of the .board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing the materials
and performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County. In accordance with the plans, de-
scriptions, bills and specifications prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
sealed proposals will be let, made and en-
tered Into; said plans, descriptions, bills and |
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock. p.
m. of each and every business day, from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at- the office of the. said di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
320 Sansome st., San Francisco. Cal. . >.
' Separate bids wlllbe received and separate
contracts let and entered Into as herein-
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of said. buildlnsr, erection or structure,
including the furnishing of labor and ma-
¦ terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State In relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1876
Statutes 1875-6, page 427), and the. acts
amendatory thereof, that is to say for . the
following parts, namely: . .
First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
slating work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, Including the I
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work is to be done -under the super-
• vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home acting
for and on the behalf of its said board of
directors. . . - ¦
A separate .contract will be let for as many
different kinds of work as are hereinabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts, in accord-
| ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there
of. at the office of said directors room 13
320 Sansome St., in the city and' county of
San Francisco. State of California, on • or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March, 1902. which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
said sealed bids or .proposals will be opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made
If !n the opinion of said board of director*
of the said Veterans' Home the accentance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or pronosaU
Khali not be for the best Interests of thl
State, said board of directors hereby reservp«
th<- right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the best interests of the State, under and In
accordance with and as provided by the terin«
of section 4 of the said act entitled "An
act to regulate contracts on behalt of the
State In relation to erection of buildlnea"
(approved March 23. 1870. Statutes 1875-6
page. 427), or to reject any or all of said
sealed bids cr prooosals. -
. For further information and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902. ' •
MABRIAGE LICENSES^ r
The following marriage licenses were issued
yeBterdsy:
Charles D. Davenport, 22, 221 Fifth street,
and Ethel L. Sawyer, 20. Oakland. .
Felix F. Rosaia, 25, Colma, and Emma M.
Bartoti, 18, Colma.
Solomon' Kraus, 35, 412 Post street, and Olive
B. E.- Copeland, 24, 826 Fillmore - street.
Marmarduke Bates. 22, Los Angeles, ) and
May B. Strauas, 17, 629 Minna street.
Marin J. Pourroy, 34, 019 Pacific street and
Marie Laugier, 21, 619 Pacific street.
John E. Camnbell, 35, 804 Ellis street, and
Blanche E. Walker, 29, Minneapolis, Minn.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. Tljey must be handed
In at. either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
ARMSTRONG— PRAHL— In this city, March
8, 1902, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Harry
M. Armstrong and Heloida C. L. Prahl.
BAILEY— MULLEN— In this city. March S,
1902. by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peece. \V. Re Don Bailey of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Annette E> Mullen of San Francisco
DOKLESTICII — MILLISICH— In this city,
March 2, 1902, by the Rev, T. N. Pash-
kovsky, Achille Doklesllch and Draga Mil-
Ilslch. . .
ELLIS— TYNE— In *.his city, March 8. 1002
by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the Fir^t
English Lutheran Church, Karl O. Ellis and
Emelia Tyne, both of San . Francisco.
GRKEVSKY-SANDALIN-fn this city. Jan-
uary 31. 1902, by the Rev. T. N. Pashkovsky,
,N!canor T. Greevsky and Paraskeva San-
•'.alin.
HIRSCII— LEVY— In this city. March 12, 1002,
by the Rev. Joseph Willner, Emanuel S.
Hlrsch and Jennie Levy, both of San Fran :
Ci»2O.
JOLY — WOLFE: — In this city. March 2. lfKK»,
by the Rev. T. I*. Pashkovsky. John G. Joly
and Leona M. Wolfe. -
KOLKPKA— GARMS— In this city, March li,
IW2, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Ernjt
. Kclenka of San Rafael, Cal., . and Josie
Hc-lenn Garms of San Rafael, Ca!.
WALDECK— HALLBKRG— In this city. March
VJ, 1902. by the Itev. Dr. ' E. N'elander uf - th-
First Erurlleh 1-uthsran Church. WIMfam A.
H.- Waldeck and Elsa Nanny Hallberz, both
q( £un Franclgco
— - . OCEAN vTKAVEL. .... |!
(Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 1^~— . Steamers leave Broadway
Htw. Wharf, San 'Francisco:
bSESSjfe^ For Ketchlkan. Juneau
: B*£s8r^>^ Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11
1 |f£15«£lS> a. m , March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
|]^X«¥3l April 1. Change to com-
i |KSS0>H&3 pany's steamers at Seattle
>r^Sm^S&\ For Victoria. Vancouver.
** Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New Wbat-
com— 11 a. m.T Mar«J» 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April L
Change at Seattle to this company* •steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coffla to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
March S, 13 IS, 23. 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los 'Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles) — Spokane, Sundays. 0 a. m.;
State of California. .Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru*.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harfonl
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Ventura.
Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonita only). .-.-•'"
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. March 7. 15. 23. 31. April 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19, 27. April 4.
For Ensenada. Ma?d:-.lena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. A 1 rain. La Pai. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. • •¦ .
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). > • ¦
GOODALL, PF.RKINS A CO.. JG«n. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR -
NOME"™
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. .:..:......'• JUNE 7
Steamships CITT OF PIJEBLA.ana QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and IVIay 31, re- i
1 spectively, connect with above steamers. . The
new. and elegant steamships Senator and State
. of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Genl. Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. Wi & N. CO.
°nly Steamship Iilna «o
PORTLAND, On.,
And 6hort Rail Lins from Portli-ii to all '¦
points East. Through Ticks ** to al!
point*, nil rn'l or Rtenmohip nnd rail, a:
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BiiETd tnl JC2 IU
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar 14, 24 April 3 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sail3 '. .'.
_. Mar. 19.. 29. April 8. IS
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. VT. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., lTtons'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan. streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received en board on day or
eaillng. ¦ ¦ .
SS. AMERICA MARU
SS. HONGKONG- MXlu d . ay ;.. MarCh 21 '° y -' ™
SS. NIPPON MARii.^a,f?£ J 1 S.'jgg
Round-trip ticket, at reduced fatn. Foj I
5S5 *?»* and P assa se apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
•- ¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM f AVfGAIION CO. |
And Gia Sud Americana da Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA March 13 TUCAPEL . . ADril 19
SANTIAGO ..March 28 GUATEMALA —2!*iil
These steamers are bufrt expressly for Central
and South American passenger service (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street
BALFOUR GUTHBIB A CO.. Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA R. A'SK?
TO NEW YORK VU PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, ?105; Steerage, $40; Meals Tree.
S. S. Argyll ' sails Monday, Mar. 17
S. S. Leelonaw calls Monday, Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll «aifo Tu««day. "April 29
Mi From Sea Wall, Section 1, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office; 330 Market «t_
. F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent. .
_ j.__ : SIRECf USE TO TAHITI
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., March 20 10 a m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. „...?.'. ;;.*' ™-
Saturday. MaTch 29°'i6'a m
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, March 29)2 p m
J. B.8WECKEL8 4 BIOS. CO , acrera, figwts. 327 Hariri M
foo'l Passenger B!Sc6, 143 Uirht St., Her «a. 7. PajScS
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY,
Crocker building. j
Operating stage lines between Hlamha Bay
and above points. * :
i COMPAGXIS GENERALS VAT SAIL WriQXI? I
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,*. ' I
: Sailing every Thursday. Instead of JSity* '
, Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 4'> '"-fiicRis* \
i North River, foot of Morton street' - i
j First class to Havre, $70 and upward. SeconJ !
class to Havre,' $45 and upward GENERAL '
AGENCY FOR UNITED .STATES and CAN- i
ADA. 3U Broadway (Hudson building). New !
York. J P FUGASSl & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents!
iV.3VEBK.ICii.Kr XjXIWJEX.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON LONDON
St. Louis. Mr. 10. 10am St. Paul.Apl 2 10 am
Phlladelphla.Mr 26,10m St. Louis.ApL » 10 am
RED STAH X,XWnES:
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS
Kenslngton.XIr 19, noon.Fritsland.Apl •>' noon
Haverford.Mr. 20. noon Soutliwark.Ap $> noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. G. A. P. C..'
30 Montgomery *st.
BAY^ AJtt) RIVER STEAMERS
FOR uTTjJaFTaEW
Steamers GEN. FRKBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and SUtO p m exeent «?un
day Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. "Selves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12::J0 noon. 6 p. m excen* !
! Sunday.' Sunday, 7 a. m,, 4:15 pTm Fare ?0
! cents. TclepBone Main 'l50S. Landing an? '
i ?/flce P«er 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH >
BROS, ,¦ t . I
I BAILWAY THAVEL.
Santa Fe
i Pa IllS— Daily.
Leave Market-street_Ferry Depot,
1 | Local | Llm-dTovrrd Local
; I Dally I Dally I Dally^ Daily i
j Lv. San Fran 7:20a|0:C0a 8:00 p 4->o D ;
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 aill :45 a 11:10 p 7-18u '
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 M lc.'MJa Oil d i
".Fresno... 2:05 i| 2:.K>p aU5alo:5Oi> '
.'• Hanford.J 0:12p| «:27 p 8:05 ai.' !
•; Visalia...) a:30 p| 5:00a....' " \
" Bak«nfld.l 6:15 pi 5:2u p 7:45 al "' :
¦ •'Kan. City. ...| 2:40a ~:M ai. ..'.." I
" Chicago... I ! 2:15 p| »:uOr| ' !
'.a for morning:, p for" nf ter noon. ~ I
U:Ot) a. 'in. train is the California Llm- '
.It=d. carryins Palact Cars and '
Dining Cars through to Chicago. -.Cnair Ca.- I
runs to BaktT3field for accommodation of
local rlrst-claks i a.3tenger«. • N'o second.
ciass tickets are honored vn thla train cui-
respondlng train arrives at 7:o6 a. m da'lv
. . 4 :2U p m. is Stockton.. Mo. ced and Fre n > !
local. Coi rcspcndlns trsln arrives at VJ:.IO !
p. m. daily. . ¦ • i
8 p. - m. U.tho Oypr'.and Exftcsj with '
throus-h. Palace nnd Tourist Sleep«rs and !
Kite 'declining Chair Cars to Ch cago; als !
1'alace Sleeper, which cuM out at Kresno I
Coi responding train ai rives at C:C«i n m '
dally.. :. '• ¦ '
v ,7:20 a. m; In Cakerynrtd Lo -a', stopiln?: *
at all points in San Joa.iuin Val«y. Cor-- i
r-. sionrlins: trai" arrives nt S:H) ». m. da U. '
¦ Offlott— (.'41 Maik't street and In Ktrry •
Depot, San Fiancisco; 1112- Er.a Iway.
Oakland. . -. ..-,-^4 |.
DIED. . |
• Barry, Jamea J. .. Lavin. Annie. J.
Breitzmann,- Robert Magulre, Annie
-Bushnell, : Edwin H. Minner. . Margaret .
Collins, Dennis W. Moroney; Wm. J.
Crowley, John D. Nagelmaker, John- H.[
¦Davidson, Leslie A." O'Brien," Mary F.
Detje. Martin Rost. Marie . ,,• < A
Fritz. William C. ; • Sorensen. Niels
Glenn, James T. Syce, Thomas G.
Jahn. : Herman "Jr. , Woest. John P. |
Jones, Robert ¦ Woods, John . '
Kohn,-' Walter B. ¦
BARRY— In this city. March 12, 1802, at hi?
residence, 417 Van Ness : avenue. James J...
beloved husband of the late -Mary -Barry,
and father of Judge J. E. and Raymond
¦Barry," a' native of Ireland, ased 68 years. :
¦ ICTFrlencls and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 o clock, from his late resi-
dence, 417 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high:
mass will be celebrated . for the repose of his
soul at 0:30 o'clock. : Interment private. L
BREITZMANN— In this • city, March : 14, 1002, \
at his . residence, •¦1511 Vallejo street, Robert;
'Breitzmann, beloved husband of :Mrs. Anna;
Breitzmann, and -father of R. J., J. A., S.-
¦ C, Freda and Claudine Breitzmann, a na-
tive of Breslau, Germany, aged 64 years.
i cy Notice of funeral .-hereafter.
BUSHNELL — In this city. March 13, 1002. Ed-:
win:H. Bushnell. husband of Annie. M. Bush-'
nell, and brother of Alice. :E. Bradley -and
Grave A. Peck of Gloversvllle, N. Y., a
¦native of Connecticut, .aged 01 years S
months and IS days. -
COLLINS— In this city,, March 13. 1902,. at: St.!
Mary's: Hospital. Dennis William Collins, a
native j of Montello, Marquotte ¦ County, Sta'.e
•of Wisconsin, aged 88 years and 6 months.
A member of Mars Lodge No. 202, K. of P.
ICTFuneral notice later.
CROWLEY— In this city, March 13, 1002, John
D., beloved husband >of the late :Hanoria
. Crowley, , and father^ of Mrs. M.. F. Donleavy
and John, W. -P., C. J., Kathryn and
. Teresa Crowley. a native of. Castletown
Berehaven, County Cork, Ireland, acred 01
years. (Oakland Tribune please copy.) !
CyFriendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited U' attend the funeral ¦ to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 270 Thirteenth street, thence to St.:
Joreph's Church, where ;a solemn requiem'
. high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by:
11 o'clock creek boat. ~ t
DAVIDSON — In Oakland, March 13, 1002, at
S44 Fifty-eighth street, Leslie Ardys," beloved
son of M. ' G. Davidson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 19
daya. . . ; -
DETJE— In Alameda, March 13. 1902, Martin
Detje, beloved 'father of Mrs. ' William Meyer,
Mrs. E. E. Meyer and 'Martin Detje Jr.. a
native of- Hambunr, Germany, aged 94 years
3 months and 3 days. I ¦
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at : 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FRITZ — In this city, March 12, 1902, WiUiam
:C, dearly beloved husband of Mamie Fritz,
brother of Joseph and Fred Fritz, Mrs. Loy
and Mrs. Manderson, and son of Joseph and
¦ the late Jane Fritz, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 34A Silver street; thence to: St. Rose's
.Church, where a. 'requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul ' at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy . Cross. Cemetery.
GLENN — In Oakland, March 12, 1902, James
T.. beloved husband of Minerva, Glenn, and
father of Laura F., Carmelita and Helen
Glenn and Mrs. M. H. Guerin, a native of
Stanton, Va., aged 78 years.
ICS^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from, his late residence, 053 Castro
street, thence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception, corner of Eighth and Grove
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
JAHN — In this city. March 13, 1902, at his
residence, 503 Powell street, Herman Jahn
Jr., beloved husband of Nellie Jahn, a na-
tive of Hoboken, N. J., aged 37 years 2
months and 17 days.
JONES— In this city. March 13. 1902, Robert
Jones, a native of Llanrwest. North Wales,
England, aired CA years. • ¦
KOHN— In Alameda, March 12. 1902, at the
residence of his sister, Mrs. H. Rawllnson,
1509 Ninth street. Walter Braden Kohn,
dearly beloved husband of Josephine. M.
Kohn, beloved son of Henry anu the late
Catherine H. Kohn, and brother of L. H. and
Aiargie Kohn, Mrs. J. w. Jurgens, Mrs. H.
Rawlinson and the late Mrs. K. Van SlycK
and Henry D. Kohn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 23 years 2 months and 20 days.
1_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
' lors , of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
where services will be I»eld under the aus-
pices of Hesperian Parlor No. 137. N. S. G.
.. W. Interment I. O. -p. F. Cemetery. '
OFFICER'S arid members of Hesperian Parlor
No. 137, N. S. G. W.,' are requested to as-
semble at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, to-day (Friday),
at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Walter B. Kohn. The funeral
will be held under the auspices of the parlor.
Fines for non-attendance. Members of the
order and visiting brothers are requested to
I attend. HERBERT ZECHER. President. .
JAMES H. ROXBURG. Secretary. .
LAVIN— In this city, March 12. 1902, Annie
J. Lavin, dearly beloved daughter of Bridget
and the .late P. J. Lavin, and loving sister
of Dominick and Joseph Lavin, Mrs. T. H.
Carroll and Mrs. W. Powelson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years and 7 months.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 9:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 911
Vallejo street, thence to St. Fj-ancis Church,
where a solemn requiem . high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
MAGUIRE— In this city, March 12, 1902,
Annie, beloved wife of the late George E.
Magulre, and mother of George and William
Magulre and Mrs. M. Dunn, a native of Bal-
timore, Md., aged 51 years 4 months and 11
days.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 10 o'clock, from the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. M. Dunn, 234A Taylor street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high masa will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery;
MIXNER— In Redwood City, March 13,. 1902,
Margaret, wife of the late Captain Perry
Minner, a native of Ireland. . .
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral Saturday, March 15,
1802, from St. Peter's Episcopal Church,
Redwood City, at 2 o'clock. Interment Union
Cemetery, Redwood City. •
MORONEY— In this city, March 12, 1902, Wil-
liam J.. beloved son of the late John and Le-
tltia Moroney, and brother of John Moroney
and MrsAM. T. Couirhlan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years G months and 12
dayB-
(r^Thc funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 22 Freelon street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high masa will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric car from Eighth and Harrison
streets; ¦ , . .
NAGELMAKER — In this city, March -13, 1902.-
John H.. dearly beloved son of John ar.J
Bridget Nagelmaker, and brother of Frank,
George and Mae Nagelmaker, a native or
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 4
days.
(E7 r FrIends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the Darents, 332 Clementina street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.' -
O'BRIEN— In this city, March 12, 1002, Mary
Frances, beloved daughter of William and
Bridset O'Brien, and sister of Daniel.
Charles, George, Alphonsus, Timothy, Mil-
dred E. and the late William A. O'Brien, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 11
- months and 29 days.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 7 — Sisters:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our deceased sister, Mary Frances O'Brien
.to-day (Friday), from her late residence, 247
Dore street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
where a requiem mass will be held, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock:
KATHRYN BURKE. President.
. . ELLA BARRETT, Rec. Sec. .
ROST— In this city. March 12, 1002. Marie
Rost, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany
aged 59 years 10 months and 28 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
»Succ*«sor to I'laiinacan rft Uallagher »•¦'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERi
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367. .,
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
I Samuel iMcFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association . M. J
' McBrearty. ¦ with the same company for'lS
years; P. F. Green, late with J.^C O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CHAS; H. J. TRUMAN & CO/
Funeral Director* and Embaltners, f
Now Occupy TIi3ir Own Bui diii^,
IUC9. Mission street, between luth and 16th.
. Tek-phone Mission 10'.).
a ZT «nr«. ¦¦*•>¦ Fifth St.- Tet.iiouth 107 W
H rUKCRAL D?RZCTORS AND EMBALMERifl
Jf Finest .; Equipment at Moderate Kalr.t, W
fully invited : to ! attend the ¦ funeral "Friday,
March 1 14, at : 1 o'clock, from the I parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eiehth. Interment Cy-
" press Lawn Cemetery. - '
SORENSEN—In this city, March 11, 1002.
.Niels Sorensen. a native of Denmark, aged
19 years. ¦ ¦ , . . \ ¦
ICP'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the Sailors'
'Home, under -the auspices of -the Ladles"
'Friend Society. Interment 'Laurel
Hill Cemetery. .
SYCE— In - this city, March 13, 1902, Thomas
G.,- beloved son of Thomas and Mamie Syce,
a native of San "Francisco, aged 2 years -1
month and 4 days.
WOEST— In this city, March" 13, 1902, John
P., beloved husband of. Alma Woest, and
father of Mrs. Edith L. Goodwin and John
F., Harry B. and Laura F. Woest, a native
of Germany, aged 46 years 1 month and ¦ 0
¦ days. . ~
i ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ; invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from the:parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.; by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
WOODS — In the City and County Hospital,
.March 13, .1902, John Woods, a native of
Canada, aged 55 years.J. H. Bollinger, a farmer of Lathrop,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. He 0WC3
$1410 and has no assets.
Bankrupt Farmer.
George Mayerle. German Expert" Optician.
Entrance 1071 Market: look for eye with crown,
Fight Not on the Bill.
¦ Michael Kane was an usher In the Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex Wednesday night
at the fistic exhibitions given under the
auspices of. the Bay City Athletic Club.
Charles Leonhardt, one of the proprietors
of the club, accused Lane of selling seats
and pushed him aside. While Leonhardt
¦was leaving the place Lane landed on his
polar plexus and knocked him out. Lane
was arrested for battery. He was con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday and or
dered to appear for sentence this morn
ing.
Rincon Parlor No. 72, Native Sons of the
Golden West, has elected Supervisor Wil
liam J. Wynn, L. K. Hagenkamp, Wil
liam E. Foley and Joseph Hanley as dele-
Kates to the Grand Parlor, which con
venes at Santa Cruz on April 28.
Rincon Parlor Delegates.
Mrs. Foote had. both jaws broken and
was treated in St. X»uke's Hospital for sev
eral weeks. Judge Mogran had to hold
oourt in the hospital to get her testimony.
She will be able to appear as a witness at
Galvln's trial.
The woman met Mrs. Ellen J. Foote,
who was living at the Elysium Hotel. 566
Geary street, in a cafe on Market street
Sunday night. December 2S, and they had
some liquid refreshment. Anita sent for
Galvin and they took Mrs. Foote in a
hack to the Fulton House, Larkin street,
thence in the eariy morning of December
29 to the Elysium, where Mrs. Foote was
brutally beaten and robbed of 5400 and
valuable jewelry.
Anita Clark pleaded guilty to a charge
of 'robbery in Judge Cook's court yester
day and was ordered to appear for sen
tence March 22. The case of Thomas Gal
vin, bartender, who is charged with the
same offense, has been set for. trial on
March 20.
Anita Clark, the Confederate of
Thomas Galvin, Waives Trial
by Jury.
WOMAN PLEAI>S GUILTS"
TO ROBBERY CHARGE
The church was packed to its utmost
capacity. It was prettily decorated with
lilies and palms. Excellent music was
rendered by the choir, under the direction
of Organist J. H. Hargens. After the ser
mon an address was delivered by the
Rev. J. H. Schrader.
The Rev. George Bern thai, formerly of
Detroit, Mich., was Installed last night as
pastor of St. Paul's German Evangelical
Lutheran. Church, corner, of Eddy and
Gough streets. The Rev.J. H. Theiss of
Zion Congregational Church, Oakland,
officiated at the ceremonies. He was as
sisted by the Revs. J. H. Schrader. San
Francisco: M. Liebe, San Francisco; J.
H. Witter, Alameda: B. Lange, Berkeley,
and J. H. Tietjan, Crockett.
The text for the sermon was taken from
Psalms xl: 8-9.
Charge of German ' Lutheran
Congregation.
The Rev. George Bern thai Now in
NEW PASTOR INSTALLED
AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH
¦'¦ Beklns Van and Storage. Co. have ,100 locked
room* 'for. household rooda.,Offlce 030 Market"; •
Twenty per cent discount . on harness,
saddlery, buggies and wagons for two
days only, Thursday ' and Saturday,
tMarch 13 and 15. Prices marked; in, plain
¦figures. We are 'manufacturers. Spiro
Harness and Buggy Co.,' 305 Market street,
near Beale. - -- ~- ps
The Chance of a Lifetime.
Added Interest was shown yesterday in
the trial of Edward Duncan; charged, with
murdering George W. Rice, the non-union
machinist, at Twentieth and -Howard
streets, October 11, by the presence of Er
line L. Piatt, the young girl whose depo
sitions had to be heard at ' the trials of
Buckley, Moran. and Donnelly, because
she was sick in the City of Mexico.
The' girl thoroughly self-possessed
on the witness stand and while giving her
testimony there was a- deathlike stillness
in the courtroom, the jurors leaning, for
.ward.in their seats to catch every word
that f eH from her lips. After detailing
what occurred on\ the . car, she declared
positively. that Buckley was the man who
fired the shots Into ¦ Rice's* prostrate form
and she was not shaken in the least dur
ing a severe cross-examination/ ¦ -'.¦
i The other .witnesses examined ; were
Policeman Charles ,W. -Brown and Frank
A: Lycett, Sergeant Thomas S. Duke and
Arthur Cleve. : Their testimony, was- the
same as given at the three previous trials.
Gives Her Testimony at Edward Dun
can's Trial on Charge of
Murder. '
.- In drawing the beer- the old man is
obliged to . turn his -back to the bar, and
while thus engaged the thief reached over
and unlocked an old-fashioned safe where
the* money was kept and extracted $130.
Then he carried the beer to the boot
blacks and after returning the glasses he
disappeared. The ' loss of .the money wag
discovered last night and reported to the
p°v-^ ' ¦ • • •— .
-jThe two robbers entered the saloon and
ordered drinks,- .inviting another man
who was present to join them. After the
drink was disposed of one of the thieves
decoyed the third man from the saloon on
the pretext that he wanted to be shown
a certain • number on Stevenson street.
The second ' thief went outside and re
turned in a moment, saying to the pro
prietor:
f'l've got to treat those bootblacks up
the street. Draw me four steams." . *
Joseph Okerblad, an aged man, who
keeps a saloon at 16 Fifth street, was
robbed of $130 Wednesday afternoon by a
couple of suspicious looklnc . strangers,
who exhibited considerable cleverness and
originality In the manner of the theft.
prietor Is Engaged in Dra-wing
Beer.
Secure $130. From Safe While Pro-
Three more precincts were counted yes
terday and the losses to the various can
didates were approximately the 'same.
The losses or gains in the fourth precinct
of the Thirty-first District; thirteenth
precinct of the Thirty-sixth District/ and
third precinct of the Thirty-first district,
were very slight. The present standing
of the candidates follows:
Lost to Present
Official. Date. Standing.
George Alpere... 15.040 1133 ,14.807
Fred N. Bent 16.112 1088 15,024 .
Fred Ewers 15,053 1175 ,14.778.
Horace Wilson 16,517 1020 15,491
John Coghlan 15.C86 675 15.011
Thomas Reagan 15.4IU ,i'7O9, 15,725.
Ed I. Walsh .15.8S« '¦-. 696 •'. "15,100
Thomas F. Finn 15.590 787 14,808 »
Standing of Men Is Only
Slightly Changed. ,
Three More Precincts Counted and
NO APPRECIABLE GAINS 1 - V
MADE BY CANDIDATES
ERLINE PI ATT SWEARS
BUCKLEY SHOT RICF
TWO CUNNING THIEVES
ROB AGED SALOON MAN
Despite the age of the stranded schoon
er she was' deemed one of the fastest
boats in the lumber business. Her value,
however, does not exceed $10,000 and the
loss is distributed among eight different
companies. One-eighth of the boat' be
longed to the E. K. Wood Lumber Com
pany, which also had the management.
The schooner Reporter was constructed
in Port Ludlow, Wash., in 1876, and was
about 300 tons burden. She was bound to
this port with 400,000 feet of pine lumber,
laths and shakes. The value of het cargo,
which will be almost a total loss, is placed
at. about $5000. This loss will fall en
tirely on the E. K. Wood Lumber Com
pany, as it was uninsured, j
A tug stood oft early In the day, but
found it impossible to reach the schooner
or to send a line aboard her.*.
Wreckers were on hand bright and early
and many a good piece of lumber loosened
from • the deck load and washed ashore
was dragged or hauled away to Carville.
This picturesque little burg by the sea
will have the greatest building boom in
its history within the next fortnight.
The schooner is old and a piece of her
keel and sections of her rail came ashore
before noon. She will certainly go to
pieces within a day or two. Another at»
tempt to get her papers will be made this
morning.
The crew consisted of eight men. all
told, those named above and Seamen E.
Blychert, F. Brinker and C. Paulson.
parted and the ¦ boat was driven ashore.
When it went out again great difficulty
was experienced in taking off the skipper
and mate and Captain Varney, who had
also. gone aboard. The cabin had been
so wrecked that nothing but - the chro»
nometer was secured as a result of the
venturesome j trip.
All day the wreck was the prize show
of the year. Thousands visited the scene
and not even the biting wind and sudden
squalls could. drive them away. .
Captain Hansen did not report to the
owners, the E. K. Wood Lumber.'Com
pany, during the day, contenting himself
with making an oral report to the man
ager, Robert Irwin, who drove out to the
scene of the wreck.
The schooner was rapidly lifted . inshore
by the breakers, . until she lay starboard
side on less than a hundred yards from
the low water mark.' During the day she
heaved and lurched about until she was
lying almost stern on. -
At 4 o'clock Captain Varney's crew took
Captain Hansen ¦ and Mate Jorgensen
aboard to ¦ attempt to recover the ship's
papers and some personal effects. While
they were aboard' the lifeboat's painter
Peter Kaffold, the second ' mate, ' who
was on watch\ until 4 o'clock,, says that
at 1 o'clock tfte schooner was close to
the lightship. He reported to the skipper
that they., were- getting close in. At 4
o'clock he .was. relieved by the first mate,
Maurice Jorgensen. Captain Hansen,
however, was on deck and he ! gave the
order to bring the ship about, but before
it could be executed the schooner was
aground. r
The crew had lowered the sails. The
deck was awash and they had been
driven into the rigging. The mizzen rig
ging gave away soon after the' schooner
struck, the mizzen boom and sail drag
ging overboard into the sea and the mast
tilting to a perilous angle, held there only
by the stanch stays. As the rigging fell
H. Ostergren, one of the sailors, was
thrown to the deck and badly bruised.
Crew Driven Into Rigging.
Captain Smith's crew worked with the
beach apparatus- arid -managed to shoot' a
line aboard. Captain Varney and-his crew
launched a lifeboat, but were swamped by
the heavy seas. A second trial. was more
successful, the boat was steered under
the lee of the starboard side and the crew
was rescued from its perilous position. -
THREE-MASTER THAT WENT ASHORE ON OCEAN BEACH NEAR
THE r CLIFF HOUSE. EARLY YESTERDAY, HER MASTER AND THE
GALLANT COMMANDER OF, A BRAVE CREW OF. LIFE-SAVERS.
Xotice is given to-day to mariners by the
Government that on April 1 Lightship No. 70.
stationed three-quarters of a mile outside the
bar of this port, would be removed for repairs.
During her absence a gas buoy painted red
with "Light Vessel Moorings" in black letters
on it will mark her anchorage.
Will Hepair Lightship.
Hotel-Keepers' Feud Settled.,
The feud between boarders In the hoteb
of W. H. Kruger and James Gately at the
Potrero has been declared off. Hugh Jen
nings and John Mullen, two of Kruger" s
boarders, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday. Jennings on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon and Mullen
for disturbing the peace, and Gately's at
torney. Joseph Coffey. said that Gately
refused to prosecute either case, as the
differences had been settled. The cases
were then dismlssd. Warrants are out for
the arrest of Gately and two of h:s
boarders for battery upon Jennings and
Mullen and Coffey asked Judge Cabaniss
to withdraw the warrants, but the Judse
refused and insisted on the parties beinj;
arrested and brought Into court.
When danger suddenly loomed In front
Skipper Hansen tried to bring his boat
about, but it was too late. The strong in-
Bhore set of the current dragged the
schooner on, and she struck directly off
the point where the King Philip was
wrecked, within a stone's throw almost
of the spot where the Olga went ashore
with her cargo of sugar, and within sight
of the cove where the little Neptune drove
upon the sands. . v. .
Captain Hansen at once flashed a light
as a signal of distress. The patrol of the
Golden Gate life-saving station ¦ returned
the signal and ran 'to give the alarm. Cap
tain Varney and his crew and Captain
Smith and his crew from the south. side
life-saving station hurried to the beach.
Captain Adolph Hansen, the master of
the wrecked vessel, a weather-beaten lit*
tie mariner, who has sailed up and down
the coast for twenty years and never be
fore met with mishap, says that he saw a
strange light in the vicinity of the Cliff
House, which he mistook for Point Bonita
light, and seeing the head of land to the
south, which he thought was South Head,
he let his vessel drive forward under all
but the top canvas, thinking she was
headed into the Golden Gate. A land
haze obscured the shore, and not until the
schooner was in the breakers did he know
he was "trying to hurdle her • over the
peninsula instead of going j in . orderly
through the harbor entrance.
Saw Mysterious Light.
The Reporter sailed from Grays Harbor
on Friday. An hour before she hove an
chor a black cat, the pet of the crew,
leaped overboard and was drowned. The
schooner neared port on the 13th, and
small wonder, say the sailormen, that she
took the bit, in her teeth and I tried .to
make harbor overland. Even the raagc
of her name could not save her from such
a combination of hoodoos.
"When the cat saw' the cr.cw makin'
ready to sail on Friday," says John.Po
kanig, the cook, "the poor thing commit
ted suicide. It was a black cat, too. .I'jn
only a cook — they say I'm not. a. sallor^at
all— but I knowed things looked bad. They
were all talkin' of cur fine record run
down, but when last night they said we'd
make port to-day, the 13th, 1 said to me
pots, said I, 'I'm sorry, my lads, you're a
good lot, but before mornin' you're like
to be bangin' together on the galley deck
with fathoms of salt water above you.' "
o'clock on the beach a half-mile
belowthe Villa Miramar, or a mile'below
the Cliff House. She lies scarce a | hun
dred yards out from low tide mark, her
back broken and fast ' digging ' her own
grave In the sand alongside the bones of
the King Philip, whose ribs still are seen,
like gravestones marking the resting place
of that good ship. : ."
THE trim three-masted schooner
Reporter, lumber-laden and six
days from Grays Harbor, went
ashore yesterday morning about 4
Grimes has already been made acquaint
ed with the claims of Carpenters' Union
No. 483. and will hold a conference with
the officers of the Building Trades Coun
cil In the near future. Thus far Delegate
Grimes had shown a disposition to sup
port most strongly all the claims of Union
No. 4S3, and it is feared that the Building
Trades Council may reject his overtures.
At a meeting of the counciV last night
several of the officers declared that the
council would not recognize Carpenters'
Union No. 483 under any condition, and
Intimated that Grimes would be uncere
moniously turned down. Grimes is also
trying to settle the trouble between Car
penters' Union No. S<> of Alarneda and the
Alamcda Building Trades Council.
It is expected that within the next few
day3 developments will occur in the trou
bles which are agitating local labor cir
cles that will result In an immediate set
tlement or else widen the breach to such
an extent that the fight will have to be
carried to the bitter end. J. F. Grime?.
a member of the executive board of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners, arrived in this city from Galves
ton yesterday, and it has been announced
that he comes with full plenary power to
effect a settlement.
of Carpenters and Joiners Comes
With Plenary Power.
J. F. Grimes of "United Brotherhood
James A. Mullaly, Powel Fredrick, M.
Fitzpatrick. J. F. Harper, V. Bollo, P.
Duffy, John Qulnn and A. H. Ewell, mem
bers of the executive committee of the
Union Labor party, held a meeting last
night and passed resolutions repudiating
and condemning the action of S. D. Sim
mons Jr. and G. F. Aubertine In attack
ing Mayor Schmitz and Fire Commission
er Parry.
The resolutions in effect state that the
action of Simmons and Aubertine was not
indorsed by the majority of the executive
committee of the Union Labor party, and
that the statement which appeared In an
evening newspaper led the public to be
lieve that the article had been read and
discussed and voted on at a regular meet
ing of the organization. This, they say, ia
not true, but that the article expresses
the views of Simmons and Aubertine and
not the members of the executive com
mittee. The resolutions further indorse
the appointment of J. S. Parry as Fire
Commissioner and the policy pursued by
the Mayor. ' , „
Hackmen's Union No. 24 passed similar
resolutions last night indorsing the policy
of Mayor Schmitz and expressing confi
dence in his intention to administer fair,
just and impartial government for the
P< The Theatrical Employes' Political Club
met last evening at the headquarters, 113
O'Farrell street, when resolutions were
unanimously adopted, concurring In the
action of the executive committee of the
T'nion Labor party in its censure of
Mayor Schmitz and J. S. Parry, uphold
ing at the same time the action and atti
tude of S. D. Simmons during the con
troversy.
Condemn Chairman Simmons
and Secretary Aubertine.
Members of the Union Labor Party
"WTTjIi THY TO ADJUST
LABOU DXPFICTJLTI'ES
EXECUTIVE CXJMMTTTEE
TJPH0I#DS MAYOB SCHMITZ
SCHOONER GOES ASHORE OVER
GRAVE OF THE SHIP KING PHILIP
Skipper Hansen flistakes His Bearings and Sails Ves
sel Into the Sand Below Cliff House.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1902.
12
If FRIDAY AND SATURDAY^
I WHOLESALE PRICE. |
| $27.50 Tailor Suits lor $20.
I Fine black and navy cheviotNOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, .
J richly trimmed and elegantly tailored, on sale at $20.00.
I $20 and $22.50 Tailor Suits for $15.
I Newest style SPRING TAILOR SUITS— The Gibson, New
I Eton and Blouse effects handsomely trimmed,* in black,
II navy, tan, gray, cardinal and brown, the most stylish and
| beautiful garments shown this season, ALL ON SALE !
I ' at $15.00.
I $25.00 and $27,50 FANCY SILK GRENADINE
I SKIRTS, magnificently draped in the very latest fash-
U " ion, with extra quality Taffeta Silk Drop Skirts, on
I sale at $20.00.
1 $12.50 and $10.00 VELVET and- CORDUROY ETON
I JACKETS and BLOUSES, Taffeta Silk or Satin lined
I throughout in black, navy, tan and brown, ALL ON
I SALE AT $7.50.
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STBEET. *
• ADVERTISEMENTS^ !._.-- -
?? OUR HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES ARE OUR ATTRACTIONS. °
t| m Retail
1 1 kill II nil I H w y^> ' / ~ s^ nil rt\
uhllo X|ii|i__.._-;;irTirrrr rit " 0^ niv
RIV -^^^ IjmY
Unit .'-;.; »__—^—— — — •
Friday ah i Friday, March 14, I RSf!
ON^-HALF wiH ~hib.t over 5000 Remnant, «I~t«l ONE>HALF
Pries. from every Department in our estab shment. Krice |
{tU MARKED PRICES will doubtless be appreciated. m
O REMNANTS TURRET RED (fast PRICE. "*
O color) DAMASK— FRIDAY, HALJ REMNANTS BUACK and COLORED H
To PRICE. SATIN DUCHESS— FRIDAY HALF m
*= (good quality) — FRIDA 1 iiai^i HALF PRICE
<C PRICE. ,%¦ J REMNANTS BLACK and COLORED X*
_ REMNANTS 5-4. 6-4 PILLOTV CAS- satin LIBERTY-^FREDAY HALF <f)
Z ING (soft finish)— FRIDAY HALF price. GO
LLJ PRICE. REMNANTS BLACK and COLORED Q
2Z REMNANTS— Thousands of yards 36- PAILLETTE DD SOIE— FRIDAY w
—• * Ed' DOMESTICS-^FRIDAY HALF REMNANTS BLACK and COLORED I*
q- PRICE. . BROCADES — FRIDAY HALF 2
Ji? REMNANTS IMPORTED FIGURED PRICE. x»» Tvcnr.tr C3
*5 PIMITIES— FRIDAY HALF PRICE. REMNANTS -WHITE NAIXSOOK—
£ R^S= l^ I ?S D R^g^TS^IA^^N-FRIDAT H
£ r ? r^7 s h1I!f r^c g e. madras - k™™^^^™*™*- 5
mi REMNANTS B A T I S T E— FRIDAY T»EMNANT8 WASH CHIFFONS— a
JT HALF PRICE. FRIDAY HALF PRICE. — .
Zr REMNANTS PERCALE C6 inches REMNANTS CHECKED NAINSOOK- 1^
<£ wide)— FRIDAY HALF PRICE. FRIDAY HALF PRICE. 2
O REMNANTS ENGLISH CHEVIOTS-. REMNANTS CHECKED and STRIPED m
S FRIDAY HALF PRICE. ; FRENCH D I M I T I E S— FRIDAY _,
00 REMNANTS BROWN DRESS LIN- HALF PRICE. :^L~^' m " fy
ENS— FRIDAY HALF PRICE. REMNANTS FRENCH NAINSOOKS— Y*
REMNANTS FANCY DRESS DUCK— FRIDAY HALF PRICE. •
FRIDA V HALF PRICE. REMNANTS ENGLISH LONG CLOTH
REMNANTS IMPORTED ZEPHTR —FRIDA Y HALF PRICE. i
GINGHAM— FRIDAY HALF PRICE. REMNANTS WHITE ORGANDTES (all
REMNANTS FRENCH GALATEA— widths) — FRIDAY HALF PRICE.
FRIDAY HALF PRICE. REMNANTS COLORED ORGANDIES
REMNANTS SILK and SATIN fnew Spring Shades)— F R I D A Y
STRIPED "WASH FABRICS— FRI- HALF PRICE.
DAY HALF PRICE. REMNANTS WHITE DOTTED SWISS
REMNANTS MERCERIZED WASH —FRIDAY HALF PRICE.
MATERIALS — FRIDAY HALF REMNANTS COLORED DOTTED
PRICE. SWISS— FRIDAY HALF PRICE.
; HUNDREDS OF REMNANTS of REMNANTS PLAIN WHITE MULL-
SWISS and HAMBURG EDGINGS FRIDAY HALF PRICE,
and INSERTIONS. This is prob- REMNANTS MULL CHIFFON— FRI-
ably the largest sale of Embroidery DAY HALF PRICE.
Remnants ever displayed by any es- REMNANTS FRENCH BATISTE —
tabllshment In this city. , FRIDAY HALF PRICE. .
All Remnants will be conveniently arranged on Special Sale counters- for «wr
choosing. Early selections are advisable, as tfte prices are so extremely low that
the larger portion of Remnants will very likely be sold before many hours.
ho EXCLUSIVENESS OF STYLE IS OUR CHARACTERls'TlTcr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: Bright
pflip Ippp That suit pictured op-
IBl posite— in those smart all-
Mm' !m| wool Scotches. Fetching,
MIS raili bright spring colorings all
8if HHl u P *° & e hfeh^t stand-
li| Ili^ arc * # Hundreds of such
|p| suits, actual five-dollar
|M suits, for lads between the
|p|w corrwcHTm ages of 7 and 15 years,
to-day and Saturday at
? ????? tiyJLf* &\J + ?????
MORE ITEMS AT THE STORE,
"$£?*¦- .The Angelus is the original piano player. It has all the features of
the other piano players and many new improvements of its own. On
the Angelus you get different .musical instrument effects that arc possi-
¦ ble only with the Angelus. With the Angelus you can prcdr.ee the fol-
lowing effects at will : * >H
A piano playing alone. I'-j: "
A piano with a violin effect.
A piano and full orchestral organ combined.
*'0 An orchestral organ playing alone.
A piano with a flute effect
•All Sherman. Clay & Co. ask is that you make a comparison before
you buy — nine out of ten. times the Angelus is the instrument selected.
. Psycho, the musical mystery, is now performing on the Angelus
in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s windows.
Some people say that Psycho is a human being, while others de-
clare it an automaton. However, if Psycho can gej such music out of
the Angelus without putting any vivid expression into the playing,
think how much better you might do when you put your whole soul and
energy into the composition.
Get a copy of the booklet which tells all about the Angelus.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.