The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
's!A^:#R^GIScb^?siTURp^v MARCH 22, 1902J
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 112.
Alexander Carrel Agrees to Marry Miss Alice Starrett Over the
Corpse of His Spouse, but the Bride=to=Be Shrinks in
Horror When the Hour Arrives.
DYING WIFE PROPOSES THAT
ERE SHE IS LAID IN THE GRAVE
HER HUSBAND AND NURSE WED
• ;. r .Thc; Turks -'surrounded ; the • .village /and
overcame the rebels.' During the fighting
It our >, Macadonlans^ arid \ two .Turks" • were
'kllied.'andUwentyJ-slx of the rebelslwere
wounded.// All the maio' inhabitarits'bf the
i vlliase* were' arrested.' -r " '• • ••<--•... ?;.•
\'f LONDON, > March 22.— Tho, correspondent
cif the; Mbrriirig. Leader 'atVieriria reports
a. conflict'^ between ' Turkish : troops -arid
MacedoriianVrrevolutioriists at/_ Slstova,
¦ near,. Kastorlhv European Turkey. . .'
typSix r ; of ; the f Rebels : Are
V-- ! ."W"ounded. ; -
Battle Occuts Near Sistbva and Twen-
MACEDONIANS > ITGHT
' i y - :": i: : THE i TURKISH ; TROOPS
FALOALTO, March" 21.— A.- M. Carrel, who vowed to marry
Miss Starrett before, his wife ', was burled, has. been a resident
of this city: for seven ; years. 'Carrel came here in straitened
.financtar. circumstances arid.- opened a harness and ¦ saddlery
store. He had -been fairly, successful when he sold out his
business; and .left' for,. San Francisco. Mrs. Carrel practfcally
controlled her 1 ; husband's business here, was an exceedingly
hard-wbrklnsr. woriiah • and was " highly ressected. *' ' r , - J'
. Carrel, is quite ; well to- do. He came to this city about six
months 'ago from \ Palo.'Alto, he was ¦ a prosperous har
ness, dealer. BHofflHBBH^
-Carrel was laboring; under. an Intense nervous strain, and
he refused -to 1 say. any-thing:furtber in connection with the pro
posed marriage. .-¦.-• ...
- VNo.". answered Carrel. _"That was; the last "chance; my
heart Is In t the coffin with-mydead wife; I only agreed to do
it, to* please her." . : .
• "I was willing to ; wed ' Miss ; Starrett," said Carrel, when he
returned 'from, the funeral. yesterday. "It was my. wife's dyins
request.; and I >nly agreed /to do it to please her. Thank God!
at '¦. the ' last -moment' Miss j Starrett backed out.'*"
."Will the • wedding , ; take -place /at some tuture time?" was
asked. .. :'• '¦'¦.' ¦ " ' . . : • ' .
1- There were a. few, friends of. the Carrels who were not num
bered arnong those; who shed, tears at the bier of the dead wo
man". The publication, of the license gave .them an
inkling .of the/proposed ceremony.' and several remained away.
But- quite a few: followed the remains to Odd ¦ Fellows* Ceme
tery,.where they. were cremated. : :¦"•'- ' '"¦'• "
FRIENDS GET INKLING.
; But Miss < Starrett ; . struggled /hard and long, with her vow.
She.jhad'given'the .dying woman. her promise, but her naturo
rebelled, against carrying it out: And so, when the Rev. Dr.
Gardner of Palo Alto arrlved;at the homo of sorrow yesterday
he .was only askedt to perform one ceremony— that of 'offertng
up- the funeral prayers :for the repose of the soul of the dead.
After making, the 'preliminary, preparations, for the funeral,
Carrer visited- Cupid ,panforth's ofllce. He was wan and ner
vous'as he gave hls.liame and thatof his proposed bride. Bt^
people .are : . generally ' a/.trifle perturbed- when they go about
making their .preparations to' enter the, matrimonial sea, /and
"Cupid": did not become ; suspicious that he was giving a man
a license to/entefinto a ceremony, that, -had it been consum
mated, ; would /have : went onjreccrd as being the -strangest
matrimonial "knot;" ever tied" in this city. Carrel went away
and .made ; i further preparations for the wedding. lie went
to. the Jeweler's arid-bought aplaln gold' ring. With/the mar
riage license in -one. hand and. the wedding ring lnthe pocket
of ; ; his /waistcoat, Alexander Carrer stood : within the pale of
his dead .wife's < bier." ready • to wed the woman ' of his wife's
choice before .the body of . his 'helpmate of the past .was taken
out: of the darkened- parlors on 'Its last Journey .to the.ceme
tery. "¦¦ : " *¦¦-;¦"¦.'-.¦ ¦.",'¦ '•'•¦'.'• '' ¦'¦'¦¦'¦' •'/
' Thus » the -terrible bond 'was • made, /and a ' few. hours , later,'""
'when' ; Mrs. J .Carrel's; soul irito/thejland: of -shadows,* Car-:
rel began . his preparations to ' keep ".the/, promise /lie- made his
dvinc : wife.*y "/¦¦ ".'.*" .¦-,-¦;•.•••;-.-¦;_.-:- '"-'.,•*'. " .'.""".; "."'
TERRIBLE * BOND IS MADE.
;¦. TaWng i her' husband's^ hand; infher'owrir .Mrs; Carrel said:
/'Alexander,'^ I 'J want; you", to - marry ; Alice '.before f.my ;•_ body - is
placed iln/the: grave. '; -Will; you -do* it?;,' - It- was a strangejre
quest." but 'Carrel ;did. : not, remonstrate 'with-; his dying, wife,
n , will H if / she/is ; willing,",; he", answered. 'Then turning ; to • Miss
Starrett.vwhb'lwasjstandlng/by.; the; deathbed^? the* fast-waning
woman- said, '.'Alice. -will ; you t marry : him?" CMiss'Starrett''ah
swered/iVYcs; I<wlll." ..;: • • .; ' .-. . '- .
" The' sorrow of the deathSscene^affectedCarrel and MIs3 Star
rett andimovedtthem.to.'.bitteritears^.. Both 'promised to' grant
any, requestithat' the dying .woman might .make. '~ : h ' ' ' '¦ - ¦.
The marriage \of Alexander- Carrel - v and?Al{ce .Starrett-- was
proposed by J Mrs.; Carrel/ just (before* her-- death. It : was her
dying request. that the husband. she' was ! abouttto;ieave:for*the
last,' time /wed 'the /woman\,who' had; nursed her 'during
her Illness. ' ; Miss ' Starrett -.w ; as; a 'mutual :friend 'of -the -Carrels.
She lived with 'them. in. thelr,»home on;WIllbw-,avenue>nd was
constantly at; the 'bedside 'of (Mrs. :> Carrel ;; during ja; protracted
illness... Mrs. ;. Carrel ;was • suffering,.-, from ¦^consumption, and
when, on Tuesday.night.'.'Dr.-'F.'' ..'RJ ] Orella/'gave 'f up all '.hope
of her recovery :'and; admitted ¦ that jthe "end -was "drawing near,
the ; dying woman called "her .husband; and ; Miss . Starrett', into
the-; room,' 1 * and?, said-; in .weak.i tones, ';"I -anijdying:how, arid I
have one /last ' request : to • make; j will . you;" both /grant : it ?',V- '
DYING WIFE'S .PROPOSAL.
• The funeral: off Mrs. Carrel, took place yesterday, afternoon
fromthe home. of . the Carrels, on/Willow :avenue,*but.ithe, pro
posed marriage; ceremony; '.which. 'set 5 the .'neighbors' 'tongues
a^wagsrlng in', condemnation 1 of iboth Carrel and ihls-'.bfide-to-be,
was: only /abandoned '^wheri:. Miss'-Starrett's'^courage .'faltered.
The j-oung ¦ lady, ;af ter [ giving \ her 'promise ' to : : become "Carrel's
second;wlfe before ; thejbbdy of his first ! was: laid 'away-, to. its
last resting place, : balked Vat j the; uncanny : : prospect'' of "being
wedded to . a'; man' laboring: In., the /throes lot\ af deep .^sorrow,
which' she, /too, felt. . The-'horror 'of it 'all' struck her.- and she
flatly refused -to become -the wife' of? Carrel, /or. 1 a "party 'to the
ehoullsh ceremony^ i /.<.•,-: •-'.- ¦/-'.' . ; : /
I ' ' dead wife's funeral Alexander: Carrel' found ; time to
prepare for. a ; marriage with i Miss ; Starrett. 1 .,- Mrs. :. Carrel . died
Jast -Wednesday'- afternoon/ at , 6 'o'clock, . at ".74 j* Willow avenue,
and in less ' than.,twenty r f our- hours. '.w'hile \ his .wife's body • lay
stark and .^coldi in'' the .parlor 'of r.thelr.llttle* home. Carrel' called
at the County Clerk's office arid took 'out *a, license to wed-Mlss
StarreW '/¦. -/¦"¦• ¦'¦'¦;) .;¦¦¦? '.¦:..• . ; /^v. ! ';/'' ; ..;- v , : -^ ..-:'..¦;,./;'/¦¦
/^-*^ VER the corpse, of his/dead. wlfe:on.her.burialday
j&^---: V^ '• Alexander W.', Carrel ;would. have wed Miss -Alice ( ' A. '¦
jM '¦'& : Starrett;hadi-not the /young /woman shrunk ;lrihor-.
W ---B. 'ror Vat the eleventh. ho\ir 'from -the* performance of
-^m^r the. ceremony. .While, making, preparations 'for the
be used for overawing work! ngmen.
"Tlie iieutenarft- general followed _this up with a request
I that he be. sent to, the. Philippines /for the 'purpose of pacifying
the islands. He wa3; going at once' to terminate mllitarj' ope
- rations <¦ and presort to diploniacyl This \ is /a Democratic posU
tlon again, and General Miles /unquestionably will haye'eom
' mondation from- the^pempcrats. 'and- antl-lmperialists. /But it
/is opposed to thepoIicSvpfUhe/ administration; of which; Gen-
; _ eral Miles Is a part.', and/ also to\ the policy of the War De
partment, with 'which .he is 'prominently connected. , The fact
that' General t Miles^had"-mada 'this request and. that it had
'been refused .was- a department ; secret- until it became: dls
* closed in; eome. way.;-- It /certainly was not disclosed through
the office of the Secretary of ; Wan ¦¦ / ¦
' : "This brings us, up_ to' ftie, hearing. before the Committee" on'
\ Military Afralrsyestfrday.*:'. General' Miles had a perfect right
to appear before ;the- committee -aiid say anything he wished.
The ¦ public, » and/ not -;the, department, .will/ pass on the pro
priety and good; tastn of His -testimony. ' Some of it -seems \\o
have; been/on; the , lilies (of the' Bryan" idea he ' was following,
out with: reference .to army posts. Miles, in taking
. this position . before/.the : committee, . was opposing recommen
dations,, of; the Presiderit;(and /the':; bill drawn by the Secretary
of War to carry: into- effect'those: recommendations.
FLAYS; •: POLITICAI, "¦¦¦ GAME TO ii I1OT.
"Thus, General; Miles ¦ has '-been' playing the political game
to, the limit. Undoubtedly', for • the "good of the service General
Miles ought to be retired.". ';,.**. •:-.;, ' / ; ,. ." / '; '
The Ecssio^i of ; the I Cabinet , to-day ; was ¦ almost exclusively'
devoted to consideration of thrTcase of . General Miles. Every
member of the' Cabinet/ agreed 'with' the President that Miles
_had committed/a grave /breach "of /decorum.' It was deter
mined, however, "that 'it 'f wbliia;. be unwjse to /antagonized the
Senate Military Affairs. Cpmmittee,. which .would certainly obr
Ject to the punishment; of, an officer called by It to testify be
cause J of the . statements /, he made/ while under examination.
The Cabinet; decided that/General Miles; 'case could safely 'rest
with the country. ',/..' ;
General Miles said • to-day/that;. tha • statement he made be
fore-the Senate committee, was behind closed doors' and under
the seal, of confidence!':; lt/was"stated in behalf r of r the com
mittee that he would be; fully, protected from punishment.* 1 The
committee • regrets ; that one f of ¦ its 'members Vas so . indiscreet
as to make public' General- Miles'/statements'.' -It: was: reported
to-day that the general \ had declared , that under the bill- Sec-'
retary Root and Adjutant*,Geherai- Corbin: would have an' op
portunity to, perpetuate; their -power and /put their /favorites
iii I offlce, and its .enactment .would i bo; a long,; step < in the dlfec
tion'of; the; establishment' of /a military despotism' in . this :coun
tfy. , A partisan :¦ President^ could have a partisan , staff • and
CALL BUREAU. 1406 - G STREET, N. ..W., WASH
INGTON. March 21.— Lieutenant] General Nelson A.
Miles is In grave danger of being retired/ by '- the
President.' .This action is not contemplated because
of his criticisms of; the President and Secretary, of
"^Var before the Senate Military Committee." but on
account ef the unfitness to occupy his high office, which the
edminiEtration asserts he has displayed. -It, is not proposed,
however, to immediately retire General Miles. His past^record
eatisfles the President that ; he/ will, be unable. to' stay inside
the bounds of discipline, and another Impropriety will be fol
lowed by the fall of the ax. !"• .'
The view taken by friends of the President and '; the - Sec
retary of War is that nothing General Miles .-said -before the
Military Committee should lay him'urider official censure. .The
Impression is apparently deeply, rooted/ that- the; lieutenant
eetKrz\ of the army Is "playing politics."; and : . that to retire
him as a result or his testimony would, be to make "a martyr
of him, or. at least, arouse sympathy for him throughout the
country. ' : . • . ¦ ; - • '."¦ - l -. - -¦• • ¦
"General Miles." Eaid a prominent official to-day, '/has Jong
been a candidate for the Presidency. He desires to be an anti-
afiministration and Democratic candidate. * This was true of
his ambitions just after the Spanish war while McKinley was
President, and It is true now.
"Continuously since President Roosevelt entered the White
House the lieutenant general has been contrary to the wishes
cf the President, who is his commander-in-chlcf, and -to the
policy cf the Secretary of War, and constantly catering to tho
Democratic and anti-administration element. ' '
"General Miles, in his annual report, came out fairly and
BQuarely against the canteen, against • the department and
against the President. In this way he won a 'great deal* of
applause from the church people and was commended In all
of the church newspapers. Yet at the time General - Miles
wrote his report the canteen question, had be|» settled. A
paragraph abolishing it had been inserted in the army reor
ganization bill last winter. •
FIGURES IN SCHLET CONTROVERSY.
"General Miles next. figured in the Schley controversy.
When the court of inquiry rendered its decision he gave an
interview criticising th© court and upholding Schley. For this
he was reprimanded by the Secretary of War, and his friends
endeavored to make it appear that he had been abused and
humiliated.
"Then came the army beard, which was convened for the
purpose of selecting sites for army posts where troops are to
be quartered when not in active service In the fie'.d. He Issued
a statement in which he disagreed with the majority of the
board, declaring it was against public policy that army posts
Bhould be located near large cities, because troops may be used
for shooting down Tvorkingmen/; ; No thinking man would for
a moment take the view that United States troops would ever
'Contliitied ; bn : Page " Tvro. ;
HUSBAND AND NURSE AVHO PLEDGED -THE ; DYING ¦ WIFE OF; THE ¦ FORMER THAt/tHEY. .WOULD MARRY
BEFORE HER BODY T\ r AS LAID* TO. REST. AT THE, LAST MOMENTTHE • YOUNG -WOMAN,-' OVERCOME
WITH HORROR, REFUSED TO WED. .' V. ' V . . / ' ,.
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF THE UNITED . STATES . ARMY WHO. IT JS' BELIEVED, IS SERIOUSLY OF
FENDED BT. GENERAL. . MILES 1 LATEST UTTERANCES AND-WILL RETIRE HIM AT THE . EARLIEbT
OPPORTUNITY. AND TWO ADVOCATES OF THE BILL, CREATING A GENERAL STAFF. ,
Finally the '^court Is asked to .make
Rumble and v tho Sunset Mining Company
parties defendant' and It is demanded that
en /injunction);" shall Issue ;\to' restrain
Rumble' from. -disposing of the'- Old"- Glory
or; Wagner- mine, about four miles from
Oroville, which' was > deeded to Rumble In
: June?.- 1301. V : - "'''•-':'-* - r '¦•¦ : : /¦ /
That the said Rumble-is well known rto tin*
police of /SanV ; Francisco ;as ; a 'notorious
swindler; that (he; has. been ~ convicted -.hereto
fore of runninff bogus mining exchange* in said
city: : ' •; .'¦' ¦ ¦'¦/..'" I^-V:/ ' " ""
The' capital • stock of paid company was $10,
000,000. He .further learned , that' the Sunset
Mining ; Company never; had ah account, with
"Wells.' Fargo &.'. Co., bankers, who ; were, not
the bankers of '; the said \ Sunset j Mining j Com
pany, but on .the . contrary . the said Wells,
Fago & Ct>! ; had t threatened . to publish « the
skid Rumble/If !.h9; did not takethe nam<»;of
their. firm from.;hls.'advertlsements; that >a.ch
and every, statement of said' Rumble; told :this
complainant was ' false* a.nd designed solely for
the purpose of deceiving Fald. complainant; that
the Sunset Mining Company, instead of owning*
fourteen gold mines, owned none as far as your
complainant: has been; able to learn. ••¦•'••
.He .(Woods)" discovered .that the Sunset Min
ing Company, which -he had been told by paid
Rumble had. paid 2 per cent monthly dividends
for. more' than; seven years, tvus only incorpo
rated'on March 22. 1000: tliat me only. charter
subscribers- to ; >tock were G. W. .Rumble,
$1,500,000 and.Mrs: K. E. Allington $1,500,000;
the eald Mrs. Allington, your complainant .was
informed and j believes, is a relative ' of said
Rumble and/lives In Rochester. New York;
that chc Is; the wife of, a carpenter and with
out 1 means and was;useri.as a president of th«
paid Sunset 'Mining Company as a dummy by
ssJd Rumble for his 'swindling ;purpos*s, and
that thesald Rumble and'Alllngtonnever paid
anything; of! value for ; -said stock. .•';•• •
DISCO VEBIES ARE MADE.
1 .'Finally "Rev."'- Mr. ;~ Smith became sus
picious "and -he details", in his complaint
the method' he took to 'ascertain the facts
concerning Rumble and the Sunset ; Mln
ing Company.. He explains that his sus
picions were aroused: by "the contradic
tory statements of said Rumble and from
his urgency to srllat par stock which he
declared had paid ninety-two monthly
dividends of 2 per cent each consecutively
and which he said he was willing to guar
antee to earn and pay said 2 per cent per
month." He therefore employed Samuel .B.
"Woods, of Virginia. to visit California to
investigate. "What. he says has been dis
covered by Woods is' best told in. the com
plainant's language, as * contained- in- his
complaint:/ ." / v ; . ;; ;
. According, tp^ the , complaint,' Rev. ?. Mr.
; Smith/put • all! of his $12,500 into, the stock
of the Sunset: Mining Company within the
last year; on'.the, representation made to
him by G. W.' Rumble that -the company
.was "a corporation under the laws of Call
.f orrila. He : was led to ; believe,"; so '¦ he : al
leges, ' that .the j Sunset j Mining Company,
owned fourteen \ gold ; : mines > in • Calif or.- r
nla,* that ':> it ; had ' earned'** 2 jf per • cent
monthly^ dividends \ for I more * than seven
years ; . that{ Wolls, • Fargo' &| Co? were its
bankers /in/; San iFra.nc'jscoJind ; tbat the
jst <^k^£S] j j§ted 3 opjc'ttjcj^ J^iifdog^,) Stock
,To induce ;the;purchasejof //more . slock,'
• fio iRe.\\ ; Mr.; Smith 'alleges, Rumble~sent
to .hini , through' the ; United States mall,
circulars .and' letters - containing state
ments of the great 'progress, development
and value, of the Sunset' Mining Company,
all of which statements the complainant;
now alleges werefalse^; -v '¦ '.
; Tour complainant charges that the. said Rum
ble is I guilty of j fraud, '.Misrepresentation; and
concealment ; j that he ¦< has used ' the money- of
complainant to purchase' certain" properties,' a
part • of .said ,' complainant' s ¦ money \ being ' ex
pended in buying . the .Wagmerfmlnc, or as
Rumble' styles itf'thes Old Glory mine, which
mine" is now in Rumble's name; that the Sun
set Mining Company, ia a : fiction /and. the said
Rumble is; really.) the.- company; that he holds
in his own ; name Itha^proaerty which he rati
resented; to. belong to the -company; that sal J
Rumble has slgiied the advertisements of said
company as its^ secretary and ; general manager
and that he has /used said company, as a blind
to fraudulehtly..obtain : money^from your com
plainant in the : far East.' : V.' V[C- .
MINISTER' IJTVESTS HIS MONEY.
: ; Rev. : D.,'D. Smith. ;.a "' retired; Episco
palian clergyman of- .Virginia, yesterday
tiled? In, the "United ' States Circuit Court,
through', his attorney;^ Gavin McNab, a
complaint in which ho makes 1 many alle-'
Rations 'concerning Rumble and. the
Sunset Mining .Company. V lie sets forth i
that he has lost J 112,600 . by", reason of in
vesting | in the :/stock r of ," 7 ; the company
named and that .he was induced to invest
by false representations made, by Rum
ble. Concerning? these 'the"; reverend gen
tleman. says in :his 'complaint : »
TakeWing.
¦ ¦ .'.' . ¦'-' ¦'. - - ... . ¦ - •" ¦ ¦ :¦¦¦¦".¦•:;;
Twelve^ Thousand pf
Preachers Dollars
Promoter of Mining
Scheme Is in
Trouble.
Virginia Clergyman
Claims He Was
Swindled.
Ranking Officer of the Army Is Accused of u Playihg Politics 9 '
and of* Overstepping the Bound off Discipline in
Seeking Public Applause.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL MILES
IN GRAVE DANGER OF BEING
RETIRED BY THE PRESIDENT
ACCUSES
RUMBLE
OF FRAUDMARINE CORPS OFFlCExi.
WHO IS ACCUSED OF MUR
DERING NATIVES.
To Cure Grip in. Two Days.
Laxative v Brorno-Quinir.e r remo\'e« th» caua*.
B. W. Qrovt'a «ltnatur« on every box. •
SAN ANDREAS; Mf rbh 21.— THe'town
of Sheep Ranch, near here,'", -is? jubilant
over the rich strike in the Sheep Ranch
gold mine. A crosscut run from - the 1300
foot level to the ledge uncovered a better
grade of ore than at any other level
Superintendent .James ; T. ..Lawgford to
night 'admitted the report; to be -true
Gold Strikes Excites: Sheep Ranch.
XONDON, March 22.-The Saturday Re
view, continuing, its anti-American cam
paign^ to-day 'publishes a long communi
cation from Alfred Stead, son of William
T. Stead, the editor,* picturing the allee^H
deplorable condition of Hawaii as a result
of annexation to the United States resua
' Commenting editorially on the commn
riication from^Mr.. Stead the Saturday R 0 I
view says:- "Whatever, evils ; the Hawaii
ans are suffering as a result of Amerir-in
protection , they • have richly meritS a
punishment,, for their monstrous treat
ment of Queen LiliuokalanL" -.}:
Alleged Evil of Annexation.
tory,- whether ; he. be or not. ~- './.'¦ •
- ; . General \ Miles : has no . intention at this time ; of. applying 1 for
retirement. ;. He ,' stated i yesterday:; he - would • retire if the bill
should -betenacted. but 1 he? does: not -believe it will be nNr>t>/-i
; on;the statute; books. a:\Vhileiherfeels .that his" position .hT an
anomalous; one, he proposes, to; continue: in it," because -in hh
opinion, r he :.- can :- do t good h f or; ; the :-. country -in opposing m'eai
ures which 3 he deems: injurious. to its-welfare. ; - ¦ . ° ¦ ¦• ~ '¦-¦.
• : Secretary ; Root : was ; in /consultation ¦'. for \ some time with
President' Roosevelt'Jat'tbei White House Uo-night concerning
; the .^statement of {General 'Miles. SpoonerValso wit
present. /" Pgcretary , Root i refused s to v talk > for* publication con
cerningstllc matter, I saying: uhat. he i had > not; read >the test!
mony.; given Vby General -Miles before, the committee It is ¦im"
derstood^ that General Miles was f furnished v with ] a. stenographic
report or his testimony, for revision^., • .*> *?°«.
'. , General ' Miles insists* ' that he did hot say that the" Secretary
of War* and -the adjutant^ general; could and would- fill the
general staff with '.'their: favorites,';, although! he admits he did
state, that: he could; name the: personnel .-of the 'staff. . In .'his
opinion ;the 'measure ls:,'.'highly iniquitous,": and- he -feels he
has done simplyhis duty in opposing it; . . ;, :../.. .
f '' Army officers -who > are; close jfriends of:General Miles repret
that he was so, intemperate.ini his statements before the com
mlttee. The , army, fears ; the . stir he has : created l will oneratp
against the ¦- passage : of > the bill."; It \ is ' pointed - out; however
that ¦ the bill ; has ; been ; forced amdng the . first t measures > of tho
administration i and the • President, and } Secretary. Root - prouose
to i use their - Influence -' to ,: obtain } its t enactment. If the hill
fails General I Miles rrwill i probably, declare he • has " won -a r vlc
perpetuate his power for an indefinite period.
Continued From Page One
STOCKTON, March 2L— The defense
received a setback to-day in the trial of
George Gribble. charged with the mur
der of Lena Young. The theory of the
defense, was that acute , alcoholic • pois»
oning caused ' the woman's death. - . The
wounds upon the woman's body were ac
counted for on the theory that she re
ceived them while springing out of bed
several times In ; a hysterical - condition
and that they were not fatal.
- Oivbeing recalled by the defense to-day
Dr. Snedigar, one ,<of> the autopsy . sur
geons, declared that while the internal
and external wounds were not the im
mediate cause of death, they were neces
sarily, fatal, death being, hastened bv
asphyxia/ caused by strangulation.
Woman's Wounds Were Not the
, Sole Cause.
Autopsy Surgeon Declares Stockton
SAYS THAT ASPHYXIA
HASTiTNED HER DEATH
¦ NEW YORK, March 21.— A burglar w#s" shot
and mortally, wounded by Jeremiah Vander-«
bock while > trying : to escape from, the latter"3
lesldence in Jersey City late last, night • Th-«
man - was taken ; to , a ¦ hospital, • where he said
his name was James -Wilson and -that he was
20 years old.. He died this afternoon. ,'< •
BUSIES HIS .CHILD
IN HOYAL HOADS WATE.B
Impressive Funeral Takes Placs Near
% Esquimalt Harbor With Boat . •
.for Hearse. '• : ) ",,-' " ;
\VICTORIA, B.'c:; March 21.— a! novel
funeral occurred, here" yesterday, - when
.Henry ; Sturgis, '-, formerly of ', H. 1 M. S.
Pheasant;- buried his: dead child in the
deep. waters of Royal, Roads. . *
The father, secured the services of the
Rev. Dr. ! Barber 4 of -. St. Xavier's '. Church
and then a rowboat.r.The remains of the
child, which had been sewn .in canvas,
were placed 'in^the boat's bottom."' anti
.with 'the father,' mother "anr3 nurse in the
stern the boat was rowed for a mile from
the mouth of Esquimalt harbor. While
the minister, in his robesrof white,:stood
in : the boat -. and read the burial v service
the body was shot over- the side of the
• boat. ;;¦• -'.-;'¦ .;. /¦ . v .;. ' . . : >.,- .. - •'•; .,; .,
. -The funeral - party -then returned 'in si
lence and in sorrov/to.the warships' pier,"
whenee they wero driven to .their homes.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL MILES: IN GRAVE DANGER OF BEING RETIRED BY PRESIDENT
Pile3 Cured Without the Knife.'
Itching, Blind. Bleedlnj- or Protrudins PilM
Ko cure. No Pay. AH drugfelsts are authorised
by manufacturers of Paio Ointment to refund
money where U falls to cure any case or-piies
no matter of how Ions standing:. Cures ordlnarv
oases In elx days; worst cases in fourteen dav«
Ono i application • gives "ease • and ; rest. Relieves
itching instantly.-: This is a new discovery and
Is: the; only pile remedy 'sold on. positive iuar
nnteo.V no cure.' no pay.: A . free sam-ple wlli ¦ b*
sent ; by mail to any one sending. name and aU
dres3. Price, 50o. ; If your' druggist : don't keep
it In stock send 00c In stamps and We will'for
ward full size box by mail. -"Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Loula, Mo., who
also ! ; manufacture t the :-., celebrated cold cure
Laxative Brorno-Quinine Tablets. . ' •- A
Hayti Fears an Outbreak.
. KINGSTON, Jamaica/ March 21.—Let
ters received, here to-day from Port v au
Prince, Hay tf, | say that \ the .whole coun
try is disturbed owing ,to: the bad political
situation. : - The Government, it. Is added,"
is making numerous-' arrests., in several
quarters, principally. Jamacl, , where it is
feared a revolutionary r Outbreak is im
minent. ,' .;'¦ w • •'.•;¦"-¦•.'.•'!
Death Comes to One Duelist.
SACRAMENTO/ ; March • . 21.— Van C.
Dodge, who was shot in a duel on -the
Yolo bridge . last Monday " morning f! with
Robert ¦. Woods, died , at J:he County Hos
pital at- 12:20 o'clock to-night. . Dodge be
came unconscious about ; 5 o'clock this
afternoon and remained in that state un
til the end. He made no further-state
ment concerning the shooting "than the
deposition of Monday... when he stated that
he wont to the bridge to' have a talk with
Woods and endeavor to have him marry
his daughter, whom he claimed Woods
had wronged. : A charge of , murder will
probably, be placed against Woods, who
is still in the Railroad Hospital, suffering
from wounds "Inflicted 'by; Dodge's pistol.' •
EUREKA, March 21.— E. Woodln, a cap
italist of Alameda. has purchased tha
Balrd water front and warehouse prop
erty here. The property transferred In
cludes the steamship. Eureka warehouse.
Humboldt Iron Works site and the ware
house of the Del Monte Milling Company.
The consideration waa 126.000. •«*""»».
Alamedan Invests at Eureka.
¦ The tunnel along Park avenue, where
the' trouble occurred, is bored through
solid rock. Searca of rock for a distance
of about sixty feet commenced to slide in
Va a Siy < K km '° w th0 lulm "
*S,m w"oiJ.«o! 0aaW " «""»»">O «t from
NEW YORK, March 21.-Park avenue,
this city, to-day was again the scene of
an accident, which, while ft entailed no
loss of life, caused a property loss of con
siderable proportions. The brownston«
fronts of several four-story private houses
on the east side of the avenue sank be
cause of undermining of foundations by
excavations for the rapid transit tunnel.
The first serious cave-in occurred when
the sidewalk and area way of 55 Park
avenue sank to a considerable depth,
leaving the front wall with no support
and .exposing the cellar. The houses on
either side of No. 55. were also rendered
unsafe. Later in the afternoon, there oc
curred a further settling- of the walls and
sidewalks, and the residents on the east
side of the block were ordered by the po
lice to leave their homes.
Papers ¦ giving ; directions for blowing
safes and some dynamite ' and nltro-gly
cerin were also found on the premises.
Hopkins claims the' explosives were used
in clearing land. -
Postofflce Inspector Stuart searched
Hopkins' house at Palos Park to-day. The
search brought to light a kit of burglar's
too43, but nothlng.was discovered showing
¦that Hopkln3 had anything to do with the
postofflce robbery.
Kipley while in his cell told a friend
that Hopkins-was a man for whom the
police had been searching in connection
with the postoffice "robbery. : Hopkins la
an electrician, and the holes drilled in the
bottoms of the safe were made by some
electrical device. .: "
Joseph Hopkins was shot by Dan Kip
ley,: ja. nephew of former Chief • of Police
Kipley ' and himself a former detective,
yesterday in a flat occupied by Llllie Ar
lington, otherwise known as "Diamond
Lil." Kipley, who with the woman ia un
der arrest, pleads \ self-defense. At St.
Luke's Hospital . to-day Hopkins' condi
tion was said to be critical.
Following the shooting it developed that
Hopkins had "been leading a Jekyll-Hyde
existence. He was identified, ¦ according
to the police, as a bank robber and bur
glar of national notoriety, but in Palos
Park, where he had a cozy little home, it
was found that he had a reputation a3 a
dispenser, of charities, a giver to the
church and a man of standing in society.
His wife's standing also was of the best,
but when she was brought to the police
station .policemen claim" to 'have recog
nized her as a woman they had known as
"Blonde Marie." . :\- :
CHICAGO. March 21.— As a result of
what seemed. a common shooting yester
day the police- have become exceedingly
active to-day and are bending rheir ener
gies to connect Hopkins, the injured man.
with the $76.fc00 postoffice robbery of last
summer. " •
New York Homes Liable
to Collapse Because
of Excavations.
Police of Chicago Hope
to Solve Postoffice
Mystery.
¦¦ Trustee Staats said that the franchises
.that;:- were asked for were valuable ones,
and he was afraid that, the Santa Ko
wanted to get into. Oakland and Berkeley
merely for freight and that If any pas
senger trains were run they would be one
coach affairs that would : ba hitched to a
train at. Point Richmond. Ke expressed
the? opinion that if valuable" franchises
were granted that something more than
such a t-. train . service should be given.
All of the members ,. of the board made
similar expressions. ¦ --
The Trustees established a Health Board,
to "consist of. four" physicians ¦ and the
Health Officer, andaopointed the follow
ing: Dr. F. Hi, Payne, Health^ Officer
and ex-offlcio member of the -Health
Board; Drs.-A. E. Kelley.W. Allen, C.
F. Gladdlns and F.. R. Woolsey. '>•
. > . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; HIS Br6adway, March 21. .
¦ Iho Town Trustees of Berkeley de
cided to-night to 5 lay "over the application
of the Santa Fe Railroad for a franchise
.through ?the town for the Oakland and
East Side Railroad Company until A. H.
Payson, . assistant ] to President Ripley of
the Santa Fe, could be present and ex
plain just what his company was going
to do.: A: E. ( Bolton appeared for .the
railroad company, ,but said that he could
not make -promises ci -the concessions
wanted by the Berkeley Trustees, so the
Trustees decided that Air. Payson could
come over and talk' directly., with them -on
any evening he might find convenient.
The Trustees of Berkeley want a depot
established ,ln the city and all trains to
stop there, this demand being - voiced by
Trustees Rickard, Staats and tlyder. Mr."
Bolton replied that the Chicago attorney
of the Santa Fe system had advised them
not to accept franchises with any restric
tions, but that he had no doubt. their df
¦mands would be met, us the company was
out for business. . , ,
LONDON, March 21. -At a meeting. of
the Edinburgh Association of. Retail To
bacconists to-day a resolution was adopt
ed unanimously declining to sign the
Imperial Tobacco Company's .agreement
not to sell American goods for a term of
years, and expressing willingness if -the
minimum price is raised so as to allow a
fair profit to dealers, to do what is pos
sible, bonus or no bonuH, for the eale of
British goods. The chairman declared
that no one outside of a lunatic asylum
would sigrn such an agreement, which
would make them the servants Of the Im
perial . Tobacco Company. While the
Americans offered a large bonus, no. re
strictions were placed on the dealers.
The Belfast Tobacco dealers at a meet
ing to-day decided to accept the Ameri
cjui proposition.
The London. tobacconists at a big meet
ing, held this afternoon: to consider "the
rival bonus schemes, after a long discus
sion passed, a' resolution unantmously'ab-'
soluteiy refusing to sign the Imperial To
bacco Company's * agreement as being
"unjust and unfair to the traders." "
The retailers were' ndf content with re
jecting the proposed boycott of American
tobacco, but went a step further, passing
a resolution to support any manufactur
ers willing, to guarantee," on proprietary
articles, a minimum profit to the. retail-'
er of '20 per cent on tobaccos to 25 per cent
on cigarettes.* The speakers bitterly ue
nounced the British combine, declared the
latter had "out-Americanized; the: Ameri
ca ns,"< and." said that its .recent; action
wouldonly result in forcing the remaining
independent tobacco I concerns in ing-land
into the arms, of the Americans. '
The resolutions were adopted w'th much
cheering, mingled with groans for the Im
perial concern. .. .
Rabbi Nieto lectured last evening at the'
Post-street synagogue on. the subject of
biblical criticism and religion. The trend
of his address was to' contradict the
statement that biblical criticism was de
structive to religion.' He said that the
Bible had ever been open . to interpreta
tion, and textual changes were only in
the nature of criticisms. The rabbi de
clared that no matter ¦ what criticisms
might be made the Bible would. never be
lowered nor its> standards of truth and
morality shaken. He concluded by, saying
that the effect "of criticism ofithe Bibio
would be to convince people of the'neces
slty of rellgicji' without appeal, to blind
faith and emotion.
"Napoleon realized that the empire was
but a makeshift and he realized. that the
.time must come for more liberal ideas:
He passed away like a meteor; groat
iu death.: yet disappointed. After
Waterloo he surrendered and died' six
years afterward, chained to the rock of
St. Helena, one of the most remarkable
characters of the world, one of the most
loved and despised and one of the great
est- enigmas of ; the world; When France
shall forget that she ever bent the knee
to kings or emperors the name of Napo
leon will be revered and the history of
the future will say- of him that he if ought
for the great , principles pf human free
dom." - ¦ . . ¦¦.._¦'. -.- -.-..-
- "Me was not a child of circumstances;
he was au expression of the failure of the
French republic. He was the most re
markable military genius the world ever
kntw. He made generals of mechanics
and the . bravest soldiers . out of • plow
men. ' He dealt with the diplomats of
Europe as if they were children and every
court in Europe conspired to defeat - the
French republic. The world made of Na
poleon the greatest soldier ' of all ' tlmes. :
Despite ,fais pomp and egotism he was a
democrat at heart and would have fought
for the liberties of the people had he
lived. He shqwed thlg when hesald: 'I
must defend my autocratic poeition, but
my son must be a liberal or he will not
be able to preserve the nation.'
Rabbi Voorsanger then told of the early
life of Napoleon. and of his rise to power;
how he overran Europe' w:th his troops
and upset thro*nes, making his relatives
Kings and queens.
"What made such a remarkable person
ality possible," said che speaKer, "was
trie incapacity of France to govern itseifi
Napoteon was the outcome of a-mhstaken
democracy, 'ilie menof.the reign of ter
ror were the tyrants of liberty, and in the
terrible excitement of the times the young
Corsican came to the front." ' -
Continuing, Rabbi Vdorsanger 'said:
"History is not a record of nations, kings
or queens, but of the motives of human
ity. 'The history of the world is the judg
ment of- the world/ declared Goethe, .and
history cannot be written by one's con
temporaries.',' .
In speaking of the life of Napoleon
Habbi Voorsar.ger said that no truthful
history of the French military genius had
been written. His admirers looked- upon
him as a demi-god. while his enemies de
clared he. was a devil. No truthful history
could be written while love and "hatred
existed, ' declared Kabbl Voorsanger, and
it would remain for future writers to give
the world an unbiased account of the life
of Nayoleon. '
"Napoleon the Great" was . the subject
of the lecture delivered last evening by
Rabbi Voorsanger at Temple Emanu-J21
before a large audience that included
many persons not of. the Jewish faith.
LONDON. March; 22.— According : to' the
Rome correspondent of the Daily- Mail,
the . Italian". Consul at Yanina. Southern
Albania, has sent in news of a serious
revolution in i Albania. : The Governor's
palace at; Yanina has been attacked and
several gendarmes killed. ..The revolution
ists are -masters of -the -town '-•-¦¦> ¦
The Consul says that serious outbreaks
have, occurred at Berat. : Paramthia and
Avlona, in.European Turkey, and that the
revolution is spreading throughout \1
bania. '
tacked and Several Gsndarmes
.'.¦¦'. ¦.•/, Are Killed. - ;
SERIOUS BEVOIitTTION
THROUGHOUT ALBANIA
Governor's Palace > at Yanina j Is • At-
¦ NEW YORK. March 21.— Argument was
heard by Justice Gildersleeve in the Su
preme" Court to-day In the proceedings
begun by H. Content and I. and S. Worm
serto restrain the. proposed, lease of the
Metropolitan Street Railway to the Inter
urban Street Railway Company. . Both" ac
tions are based on the claim that the
action contemplated, which was ratified
at a meeting of the stockholders yester
day, is illegal and fraudulent in that it
nvolves the transfer of th^ earningsof
the Metropolitan system to persons other
than the stockholders of the company It
is also contended that the privilege given
to the Metropolitan stockholders to sub
scribe for stock of the Metropolitan Se
curities Company, which it is proposed
shall. operate the. system, was in effect a
bribe to secure the approval. of two-thirds
of the stockholders and, is a violation of
the rights. of those who do not approve
the scheme. • ¦•".•¦¦:¦.¦ ,
Metropolitan Street Railway to
the Interurban Company.
Tight Against Proposed Lease of the
TRANSFER OF STOCK
\':y/- - . IS STYLED A BRIBS
PROPERTY LOSS
WILL BE HEAVY
LIGHT THROWN
OH BIG ROBBERY
London Tobacconists De
cline Imperiar Com
pany's OfiPer. :
Dr. Voorsanger Talks to
Large Congregation
at Emanu-El.
Berkeley Trustees Do
Not FavorTBob-Tail :
Trains. ,
SANTA FE MUST
MAKE GUARANTEE
REFUSE TO SIGN
THE AGREEMENT
BEPvKELEY, March 21.— There was Just
the faintest effort at Berkeley to-night to
renew the old rush, but it failed, becauso
the sophomores refused to accept the
challenge thrown down to them by the
freshmen. The l freshmen started j out to
night to put their. class number upon the'
hill back of the university, and with
much more than the, usual noise they car-
ried this out. Not satisfied with thia.thev
climbed Grizzly Peak and lighted a' signal,
fire there. ,\ .' --. ,. ; Jv. . '
-This was followed by.two other 'fi r 'e3 on
aifferent parts , of . the range ;. back.":- of
jBerkeley. But even this did not provoko
the sophomore class. About a dozen mem
bers of thlsrclass gathered, but made rid"
attempt to interfere with the lower class
men, and nothing happened except the
placing of the class number and the
building of the fires. This is the biggest
attempt for several years to resurrect the
class rush, and it is evident that thj spirit
is dead in Berkeley. ,
Not Accepted.
Fires, but' Challenge Is
Freshmen Place Number 'and Build
EFFORT, TO RESURBECT \
CLASS RITSH A FAILURE
PORTLAND. Or.. March 21.— A survey
of the bar at the mouth of the Columbia
River han just boen completed by Captain
McCoy, who is in charge of the tugboat
service of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company, and he/inds that there
is a water depth of twenty-one feet at
2ow tide over the shallowest part of the
Water Depth of Columbia Bar.
First Lieutenant Gideon McD. • Van
Pool, assistant surgeon, now at the seu
cnil hospital. PreKidio. San Francisco, is
ordered to Hot Springs. Ark;, for treat
ment. ;¦'¦ '-•-¦
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Henry E. Crow.
Madera, $6. War with Spain— l^ewls Stru
b*!<>. Crockett. $10. Increase— William L.
Broaflwell. Los Acgeles. 512; Edwin M.
IJrown, Santa Rosa, $12; John Hough. San
I-'rancisco. $10: Elliott V. Smith. Del ftosa.
SS. 'Widows— Minor of Henry Althoff,
Valjejo. $14.
Washington: Original— Henry A. Hus
sey. Bickleton. $12: Richard Lewis Taco
ma. $8; Jacob L, Sheets. Carrollton. $•?.
li crease— Uenjamin Holley. Lawrence $3
Army Mrders— Captain Edward S. Wal
ton. Nineteenth Infantry, will proceed to
fcr.r. Francisco and report to the com
manding genera! of the Department of
California. , :
Postmasters confirmed by the Senate:
California— Alexander McLane. Lompoc;
G. B. Hayden. Upland: D. Morris. Mo
desto: G. O. Radcliff. Watsonvllle. Ari
zona—J. J. Hodgrett. Tempe; H. It. Chand
ler. Yuraa. . ¦ : '• ; ¦
California— John XV. Jfewkirk, San Dlegro;
Allen B. Lemraon. Santa Rosa: Etta^i:.
Barhf tt, ¦ Sltllwood. Oregon— Isaac W.
Gardner.' Fox Vailer.
Service and More KTew Pensions
Are Granted.
WASHINGTON. March 21 —The foIloW
ine postmasters have been commissioneu:
Several Changes Made in the Postal
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
RABBI'S LECTURE
IS ON NAPOLEON
n. ANILA, March 2L— The court
martial' appointed to try Major
Waller and Lieutenant John D.
, Day of the Marine Corps on the
charge of executing natives on
the island -. of Samar without trial, after
receiving a communication' from General
i Chaffee, to-day decided that- it had juris
diction in the case and proceeded .to try
the accused officers.,: ;.,. '. :>
• Mao'cr Waller pleaded v "not^guilty" to .
the charge of murder.- but'ladmitted that :
eleven men had been killed. ' :¦;¦.;¦' . *
Captain Robert H.-DunJap of the. Ma-.'
rine Corps testified he had received, ¦¦ in
"formatloh from Lieutenant Gridley and
Sergeant Quick regarding the arrival at
Cargadores of prisoners, who, while on
the march across the island, ate roots
and. parts of plants and refused to assist
the marines by '.giving them similar food.
He reported', the facts to- Major. Waller,
who was lying in a cot and who ordered
Lieutenant Day to take the prisoners and
have them shot.
The witness said that Major Waller was
not excited and had personally ordered
that the men should be shot.'" ¦ •
Captain Marix of the Marine Corps, rep- .
resenting - Major Waller, objected to the '
testimony of Dr. Loveridge as to the san
ity of Major Waller at the time, claiming
that -.the fitness for. duty was a matter
for the defense only. -He conceded that
Major Waller gave the orders while in h'a
right senses. ; . ;• . >'. •
The bill provides that any person with
;in the United -States who shali willfully
and maliciously kill the President, or any
officer on whom the duties of President
,may devolve, or. a visiting sovereign of a
foreign country, or shall attempt to kill
any of the persons, named, shall suffer
death; that any person who shall aid,
abet, advise or counsel the killing of any
of the persons named, or shall conspire
to accomplish their death, shall be im
prisoned not exceeding twenty years; that
any person who shall threaten to kill or
advise > or counsel another to kill'- the
President, or any official on whom the
duties of President may devolve, shall ba
imprisoned - not exceeding ten years:
that any person who ehall willfully aid in
the escape of any person guilty of any
of the offenses mentioned shall be deemed
an accomplice and shall be punished as a
¦principal. The- Secretary of War is di
rected to detail from the regular army
a guard of officers and men to.proteet the
President "without any unnecessary dis
play.' and the Secretary is authorized to
make regulations as to the dress; arms
: and equipment of such guard.
Ayes— Aldrich, ," Allison, Bard, Beverldge,
Burnham, Burrowg. Burton, •" Clark (Mont.),
Clark (Wyo.). Cockrell, Cullom, Deboe Depew.
Dillingham, Dryden, Dubola, '¦ Elkins, Fair
banks. Foraker, j Poster • ( La. ) , v Foster . (Wash. ) ,
Frye. GalUnger. , Gibson, _ Hanna,
Hansbrough. Harris, Hawley. Heitfeld. Hoar,
Keerns, Klttredge,, Ledge,. McComas, McMillan.
Martin, Mitchell, ¦ Nelson, Perkins, .Platt
(Conn.). Prltchard;> Proctor, Quarles, Scott.
Simmons, Spooner, Stewart Teller Vest, War
ren, We tmore— 52." : ¦¦'-\K: :¦¦.
Noes — Bacon, Bailey, Bate.". Berry, Black
burn, Carmack. Clay. McCumber. Mallory - Pat
tereon. Pettus, - Rawllns, --Tallaleri-o ¦ Tillman,
Wellington — 15. : ../ ->v ¦ . - .•/-": .'.^s.
.Tiliman embraced > the" opportunity af
forded by the bill's Consideration to pro
test against the' repearQ.il- the duty of 10
cents a pound v upon tea," '
-The bill for thepi-otection.of the Presi
dent was -under discussion during -ithe
greater part ' of the session- Patterson of
Colorado . made air extended' speech in op
position to it, ; and; Fairbanks .supported
it.: All amendments' to. the measure were
rejected and it was pissed »by a vote of
52 to 15/ as follows: . -:. - • •
WASHINGTON, March 21 —Two - im
portant measures werepassed by^the Sen
ate; to-day, : the bill jfor the' repeal- of i the
war revenue taxes, and that; for the pro
tection of the President- of the United
_States. The .war revenue bill was -passed
¦without division and after only, one short
speech. '
Prior to the disposition of the subject
Ku3d moved a . favorable report on his
lesolution- giving: the thanks of Congress
to Admiral Schley and the ' officers and
men who served with him in the balttle of
Santiago. This ¦ was lost . by a vote of 4
to 7. ••.'..-¦•¦ ¦ ,..,;, • > ¦
N'oes'-Mudd. Republican, and Rixey of
Kitchen and Wheeler, Demo
crats. , .'-;,*
Ayrs— Fos5. Dayton. Loudenslager, .But
ler. Watson, Cousins and Roberts, Re-
therefore, recommend that further con
eieeration of said bills and resolutions be in
definitely postpoTied. and that no further ac
tion be taken thereon. ?-V%' - - "~-
The vote was on party lines, except that
Mudd of Maryland voted with the Demo
crats against adopting the report. In de
tail the vote was: ¦ " . .
Your sub-committse, to whom the several
bilis and resolutions introduced in the Houss
in relation to Xtear Admiral Wlnfleld Scott
Sthley u-ere mmniitted. has had the same un
der consideration and has reacned the rollcw
ing report thereon:
The unfortunate controversy in connection
with the Santiago campaign has attracted
wide public attention and has been the sub
ject of four offlcicl inquiries and Investiga
tion*, viz.. by President McKinley. by the
United State* Court of Claims, by the naval'
court of inquiry ndufl for by Admiral Sch!ey
and by President Roosevelt on appeal from
the finding of the naval court o* inquiry.
President Rootevtlt concluded his finding In
the following word*: "In concluding their re
jiert the member* of the court of Inquiry. Ad
mirals Dcwty. Benham and Ramsay, united
in t-tiith:g that they recommended that no fur
ther action be taken in the master. With thl*
recommendation 1 most heartily concur. There
is no excus* .whatever from «ither side for any
further agitation of this unhappy controversj'.
To keep it aJlve would merely do damage to
the navy «nd to th« country'."*, .: . - :
Tour sub-committee, having in*view the In
terest cr tlie AmerU'an navy and of all con
cerned, fully concurs in the conclusion* ex
jiresse-d in the words of President Hoosevelt
above quoted. ¦ • . . _
WASHINGTON. D. C. -March 2L— The
House Committee on Naval Affairs, by a
vote cf 7 to 4. to-day adopted a resolution
concurring in the conclusions of President
Roosevelt as to terminating the agitation
of the Schley controversy and indefinitely
postponing alt bills and resolutions on the
f ubject. .The report of the sub-committee
as adopted gives all the various resolu
tions which have been introduced, and
eayi :
. Richardson also expressed his willing
ness to abide by the judgment of \ the
committee in the matter. ,
; Burton then explained that if the rights
were as valuable, as reported he thought
that it was proper they should g6 to the
highest He had accepted Rich
ardson's amendment yesterday, thinking
it was sufficiently safeguarded.
After further '.'discussion the Gaines
amendment. „ modified : ! slightly, waa
adopted., , , ¦ > ¦
. WASHINGTON*. D. C, March 21.— The
House to-day passed the river and har
bor appropriation ' bill, which it 'hast had
under discussion throughout all the ¦ week.
Although; 'several . amendments . •-•''.. wens'
auoptea, hot a single poliar was added -to
the measure; ana as passed it earned ex
actly what' J* v did when -it " caJiie : from the
committee, *uO,fe»,26f, including authoriza
tions. .Suizer of New Yoik attempted: to
torcea record vote on the hnal passage
of| the bill, . but only three * rnemDers— r
Smith of' Iowa, Fitzgerald of New York
and Cochran or : Missouri, supported him.
,. Something of a nurry was caused by an
amendment <offereav: by Gaines of Tennes
see to an amendment^which was present-'
ed and adopted on a -motion o£. Kiciiardson
of> Tennessee,, to permit ..tne. Secretary of
War to; grant leases to the owners of
land abuuing\ lock, and dam No. 1 -at
'Nashlylle, Tenn.. for the use of the water
power cieatea by that dam, to allow the
construction t of : mlet and outlet canals,
etc.<;.Kichardson*s ; amendment - met witn
no' opposition -yesterday. Gaines'- amend
ment, to; the .amendment provided ..that
lease or grant of this* water power should
be. to the ..highest bidder. He declared
that the 1 right proposed to be given away
was a very valuable: one. -- cjii
Richardson ; th'en explained his connec
tion with ; the original amendment,' in
which he sald>he' had no personal inter
est.. Last summer at the request of some
constituents of his who desired to obtain
the privilege of. using the water power, at.
Nashville, he and Senator Carmack came
to Washington ¦ to: see the. Secretary •; of
AVar about. the- matter. The secretary, he
said,' declined to grant- the request for the
use of : the water, saying it was a. matter
which Congress should pass on. -There
the matter rested until a short time ago.
Richardson said, : when his constituents
asked him to call the matter^to the atten
tion of Congress and -he had done so. "I
had no further. interest in the matter, 11 
said he, "than to do my duty by my con
stituents who had asked me to come here
and who had- paid my way."
Gaines Insisted that the rights to be
given away under his -colleague's amend
ment were exceedingly valuable. He said
that a N.ew York-concern had offered
$899,000 for similar rights at Chattanooga.
At the War Department he said it was
estimated that the water riphts at Nash
ville were worth, several million dollars.
By this time members on both sides of
the House were much interested, and
Burton, .chairman .-t of the . committee,
seemed iiot adverse to seeing the two
Tennessee members fight out their differ
ences, but Gaines denied that there was a
difference. -' -¦: .
Men From tb e Regular Army
to Guard -the Chief
Executive.
Congressmen Concur in the
Conclusions of President"
Roosevelt
and Harbor ; Appropri
ation Biir Is Passed and i;
Carried $60,688,267:
House Decides to Give
Valuably Right to
Highest Bidder.
Repeal of the War Taxes
and Protection of the' . t
: President.
Naval Committee to In
definitely Postpone
All Bills.
FINDS A JOKER
IN AMENDMENT
SENATE PASSES
IMPORTANT BILLS
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
GETS NO THANKS
THE SA^s FRANCISCO GALIJ- SATURDAY, MARCH 2^ 1902:
Major Waller, However, Admits Eleven . Men Were 1 Killed,
and Evidence Is" Introduced "to Shew TKat He Ordered
,. Lieutenant Day to Have the Natives Shot Without Trial
PLEADS "NOT GUI LTY"
TO CHARGE OF MURDER
2
CSS CHICHECTCmt CNCLI8H *
IPENRYBOyaL PILLS
5-<<i>5fe<Alii UE1V ao4 Ck.ld
$H &H. *<4 l> B «tiicr»«. R«.h«ritnU««« \»A lmlt£
I /.«»**«•• *fy^y»« r^"««!«t.' «•««« 4*. to
«a l>r«tfl«i«. Cttch cater CKn !«-»! C*_
220 BKOADWAT. JC. T.
Best NATURAL Alkalinsj Water
For Stomach Disorders- '
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK v
Are the medicines to take— they do the
work thoroughly and agreeably. -
Accept no substitute.
and Pills
There is a best time for rfotng every-
thing — that is, a time when a thing can
be done to the best advantage, most
easily and most effectively. .Now h.tlic
best time for purifying your blood.
Why? Because your system is now try-
ing to purify it — you know this by the.
pimples and other eruptions that have
come on your face and body.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
March
Jipril May
ADVERTiaEMENTS.
Lippitt & Fisher,
945 Market Street.
WHITE KID SANDALS
At this time White Kid Slippers \ are
In vogue; they are simple and digni-
fied: they can be used for all sorts of
dress occasions and do? not cost as
much aa they did years ago. . We > will
•fell a Ladles* -Tunwd' Sole, one strap.
"White. Kid Sandal, with bow, plain
cofn*" toes and French heels, all sizes
and .widths, fojr 90 cents A PAIR.
Remember the place.
LiPPlfT& FISHER
945 Market Street.
We Give Trading Stamp*.
f ALWAYS ASK FOR
¦ LOOK AT THE bABErbS •
J x. ' - \
PURE DEL3CIOUSNUTRITIOIIS
E5TABU5HED I7QO '
¦ WALTER BAKER A CO. Limited. .
'x^s DORCHESTER, MASS. S&-~
THREE GOLD MEDA15 PANAMER1CAN EXPOSITION I
%¦„ , ; J .r^^-«^L, _^=^f
See Picturesque America •
C~\ ' ¦ J
.' .- ¦ . v^_> . •;'..
The P 1 cturesque Places and the Picturesque People of (
PARKER'S j
11151 Sals am |!
J Promotes the growth of tLe tsfir and 5
j gives It taw lustre aadsUklEess of youth, t
| Wtea . t2i9 ba3r la graj cr faded it 5
| fi&MGS BACK THE Y0UTKF3L COLOR. <>
3 It iweveiita Dan drag and fg*r teTUr\g j !
J and keeps the ccslp clean and healthy. ]!
ADVEBTISEMENTS.TACOMA, March 2L— The lumbermen of
this State are. greatly aroused over a no
tification .just received from the south
western, railways to the effect that after
April 1 all lumber and shingles shipments
into the large territory reached by their
lines must pay through rate to Kansa3
City and local rates from that point to
the destination.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Railway Lines Cause
Wrath in the NortM ?*
, owest.
RAISE RATES
ON LUMBERMEN
.VALLEJO.! March ,21.— The , Rev.G. .h:
Smith ;•, minister.' of ' the" African ¦ Methodist
Church, J is organizing j a colored -congre
gation in this : city; and", has;' completed
preliminary .arrangements for the. erec
tion of-a'tchurch. He, states that all ne
gotiations i have ;, been" concluded . for .> the
establlshing^of a •-'¦ negro colony In \ ,Va:
llejo." The -colony is" coming from 'North
Carolina:'. ,. -' •- " ; . , ¦". -
Neffro Colony for Vallejo.
;-LOS ANGEL.ES, Aiarch21.— The ques
tion of "the admisslon'of colored clubs Into
the .'Federation will, b© one of , the most
Important projects that ;will ; come before
the biennial of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs.u Already the partisans of
the opposing factions are. preparing for
the contest. ; V . -^. -
New York, is expected'to'lead-the'con
test against colored clubs ami it is. real
ized that the issue may disrupt- the** na
tional organization. -The New .York dele
gation will 1 consist of fifty persons, who'
will come *> to L<os Angeles in : a special
train, • departing, from New "York City
April 4. The flrststop .will . be . St.v Louis,
Little Rock. Hot Springs. San Antonio.
Austin. 'El Paso. and 'Mexican pointsialso
will be, visited en route.- The stay: in Los
Angeles will be ten , days. There '.will ; be
excursions to • Santas Barbara, -Monterey, -
Sa6ramento, taking .in Salt, Lake City and
points - in > Colorado, : Kansas, Chicago and
Niagara;Falls on . the return trip home.
The special will arrive in New York May
26. ':•'."' ¦' V ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦:<:'¦- . ¦ ¦ '
New, York Will Lead Opposition ¦ at
Women's Clubs' Session in
•v Los Angeles. ;
QUESTION OF COLOR
3JIAY CAUSE DISBUPTION
- DENVER March 21. — Andrew Carnegie ha«
offered to furnish $200,000 for the erection of
a free public library building in Denver, pro
vided the city will pledge Itself . to provide not
less than $30,000 . annually for the : support of
the library. r--v ~ .•'¦'_.•¦ *v » ""
latlon to the end that certain laws passed
at the last held session of the Supreme
Lodge may become operative in this
State. There will also be a proposition to
have biennial sessions with the idea ot
saving to the order every other year be
tween $7000 and $8)00, which it costs year
ly to hold a Grand Lodge session.
It is believed that there will not be any
contest for the office of grand master
workman and that E. A- Freeman, the
grand foreman, will be advanced; also,
that F. W. Browning, grand overseer, w}ll
be advanced to second place. For third
place W. H. Meek of Los Angeles. W. 11.
Savange of Wilmington, M. J. Blackman
of San Francisco, and a member of
Franklin Lodge, also of San Francisco,
have been mentioned. The only other
contest for office will be among the past
grand master workmen for the three po
sitions of supreme representatives. One
of these will, according to custom, be
tilled by the retiring grand master. Up
to date no one has been named in opposi
tion to Grand Recorder Spencer and
Grand Receiver Booth.
The following named are the represent
atives to the grand body that have been
selected by the lodges named:
California Lodge No. 1— J. A, Anguln and
•Albert Pool.
Oakland No. 2— C. L. Ingler and F. C. Ship
ley.
Brooklyn Lodge No. 3 — O. Whlpple.
San Francisco No. 4— Thomas Johnstone and
Gcorce Mcsbacher.
Alameda ! No. 6 — Thomas White.
Occidental - No. 6 — W. W. Morrison. 'C.
O'Grady and A. M. Barrett.
Pacific No. 7— E. W. Marston. W. J. Peter
eon. A. H. McKown, 'M. Bock and 'G. A.
Bowersmlth.
Golden Gate No. S — J. H. Danton and Henry
Shoenbenr- ! .
Harmony No. 9 — M. O'Leary. F. F. ¦ Lord,
C. S. Penn. James MaglnnLs. D. McSweeney,
•F. A. Worden and 'W. J: Condon.
Berkeley No. 10 — Charles F. Gompertz.
Temple No. 11 — 'Robert Johnson.
San Leandro No. 12 — H. Abernethy.
Fertuna No. 13 — 'Oliver Hoffman. Harry D-
Whetler and Percy S. King.
Verba Buena No. 14 — 'J. T. Shay lor, 'T.
Hujrhej?. J. B. Clifford. R. Homer and Fred
Rothganzer.
Eureka No. 15— J. H. Steves.
Protection No. 16 — 'Jacob Emlz.
Enterr-ris? Xo. 17 — Charles P. Owen. C. C.
Payne. «W. M. Speeele. Ed Schlaudt and W.
H. Riley.
Hay wards No. IS — E. K. Strobrtdge, Joseph
Gomes and *W. J. Ramae?.
Bernal No. 19 — L. Litzius. 'W. P. . Feeney
and 'I. N. Pidr*.
Sr-usallto No. 20 — H. J. Crumpton.
•Cnlon No. 21— 'M. A. Herrera. 'A. E. Mil
ler. Jair.'s Porwrt. H. J. Norton, f J,« E. Har-
Iow.' 3. W. Watt and H. A. N'auman. ;
Yolo No. 22— S. M. Grlggs. . .
Stockton No. 23 — II. F... Campbell. 'W. D.
McLaurln. M. Flnnell, *C. Barthmann and
•Oeorze II. Seibert.
San Rafael No. 2-4 — James F. Manney.
Redwood Xo. 2T. — A. J. Beer.
Gllroy No. .28 — W. T. Elpper and Charles 8.
Holmes.
l.'nity No. 27— J. N. Block. H. Grimshaw. E.
U»ti-n, I. D. Mnrtln. William C. Rtley, Wil
liam Tuee*5\ A. W. Tuggey and H. J. Trow
brl<*7e. ¦ ."•¦:•
Panta Rosa No. 2S — William Rex.
Petaluma Xo. 19— John- F# Stone.
Vnlloy So. 30 — M. J.. Blackman. William
Kr<vWlrk James M. Camp. John H. Grady.
Jam** j. Hayes. Charles E. Hunt, William R.
¦Jaok. E. F. Jr.j-. Harr>- J. La«k. Thomas H.
I-^rd. A. d Lyle. J. W r . McCarthy. P. D.
Mullaney. s. D. Thurston, Charles E. Thurs
tcp.
' Healdpburg No 31 — *W. RoB'nberg.
Clov««rdale No. 32— 'Georce W. Coe.
I'klah Xo 3.1— F. C. A!li»-rtson. "
I/ikeport Na ru— »A. M Reynolds. •
Oak Leaf No. ."?%—':. H. •Dunton.. W. J. Hall.
*Jamei> Andrew, J. N. Jaeobsojt.
Spartan y n 3<?_ "James M. Gleavw, George
Gunn. H. N. Jj a n. M. E. Stanford. F. E.
Farley.
•MurysvHIe No. 3R— A. Lndynskl. .
Sutter No. 3»— B. ** Frtsb'e. • .
Orovllle No. 40— Thomas W/Reecp.
Maenolia No. 41— C Brlnd J. Cunningham,'
•F. T. Duncan. «A. S Fhss S. Isaacs, M.
H. Mohr«3«rk, II. Stern' G>P. WHmure.
Mjrt'A >'o. 42— »Dr. E K. Brlrd.«W^MiKPft«
Mcurt Hamilton No 4.1 — J . J B»nnetti«; T.
P. Chahova. W. m. He-man, . *H. W. H-»ok*.
•G. A. Ko»«rh«»r. E. A. Mansfleld, W. A. Page.
A! J. Pfhilllr-.
* Franklin No. 44— 'R. E. A.' Isenbruck. E. C.
Stock. .
WatsonvMe No. 45 •w ¦ f. tlAne.'?
Santa Cruz No. 46 — J. ' I! ' Bllndeaii, L. 8.
Sherman, L. L. Morrlnon • 'D R. Howe.
., SaUFal Vo. 47— W. T. Thinoan. .' ,
Vacavlll* No. 4S — A. Hrrmon '.'-''.
Sui*un No. 4»— F. William Gabriel. ' . •• /.'
THE next session of the Grand
Lodge of California of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen will be
held in Odd Fellows' Hair in this
city, commencing: on Tuesday.
April 1. and will be called to order by
Grand Master Workman XV. E. D. Morri-
Bon. The other elect d grand officers are:
E. A. Freeman of grand fore
man; F. W. Browning of Hay wards,
grand o\ - erseer; C. T. Spencer of San
Francisco, grand recorder; Samuel Boom
cf San Francisco, grand receiver, and
Dr. J. I* Mayon o£ Oakland, grand medi
cal examiner. W. H. Barnes, P. G. M.,
Is the deputy grand master by appoint
xaent and Edwin Danforth, P. G. M.. is
the grand lecturer.
The Grand Lodge Is composed this year
cf 248 representatives, sixteen past grand
officers, nine grand officers and fourteen
committeeinen. In all S87. who represent
nil sections of the State.
For this session the grand master has
w-ppointed the following committees:
Credentials — John T. Kidd of Eureka Lodge.
Frank Norton of Alta Lodffe aad H. H. Hall
cf Spartan Lodre.
Distribution — D. Sewell of Triumph Lodge.
I-. M. Ms.r-.z- r of Hercules Lodge and M. J.
lilackm&n of Valley Lodee.
During the session there will be legia-
Woodland > Parlor,. Names Delegates.
AVOODLAND ' ; March 21.— E.\ B.vHay
ward,' D.; , E. 'i Wllgamott and;E.;T.\Lamp
ton x will, represent ¦¦'^^ Woodland f Parlor NoJ
20. N. S: 1 G. W.,-»at the Grand -. Parlor,
Which meets in Santa ¦ Cruz -April 2S. .
, Dixon No. 50— F. A. Hutton,
Grass Valley No. 61— M. W. Arjrall. G. A.
Wanamake. 'Cecil Corwln. '
Nevada City No. 52— 'Charles Kahl. M. L.
Roberts. John F. Hook, John E. Isaac. C. E.
Ashburn.
Hfrcules No. 53— E. Howe, P. N. Butt, P.
Hlrleman, L. M. Manzer Sr.
Wheatland No. 54 — John F. Baun.
Los Angeles No. 05 — O. A. Campbell, "John
Kearney, - Charles Stewart, Alexander Craw,
•M. M. Gillesple, A. Killeen.,
Mission No. SO-^Joseph Suriderer.
lAve Oak No. 57— H. Luther.
Chlco No. 5S — John G. Murphy. 'J. E» Spur
seon. - - • -.'¦•
Mountain View No. B9 — *G. K. Estes.-
Washlngton No. 60 — John Laucr, Julius
Meyer. , . *
Hearts of Oak No. 61— C. E." Wulferdlngen,
6. A. Penwell. ' . .
Vesper No. 02 — Israel Horton.
Industry No. 03 — C.' Rawe.
Keystone No.- 64 — 'H. A. Johnson.
Winters No. 65-^'J. N. B. Wyatt. -
Colusa No. C6-^J. F. Rich, 'G. H. Hall.
Burns No. 68— Gus Pohlmann, Leonard
Ftcne. 'Walter Wilklns.
. Red Bluff No. 69— John F. Ellison.
Mendocino No. 70— William T. Wallace.
Shasta No. 71 — *W. H. Chynoweth.
Reading. No."72— *M. W. Herron.
Saint John No. 73— L. J. Nevers, H. K.
Waterhouse.
• Merced No. 74 — James Leonard, 'James
Carey.
Vallejo No. 75 — »L. K. Talley. - »Armer
Ktrshishyan, *T. E. Llnehan.
Los Gatos No. 76 — 'W. F. Mason.
• Tulare i*o. 78— 'Henry Whaley.
Vlsalia No. 79— Paschal Bequette, M. J.
Rouse.
Sacramento No. 80— Joseph ¦ L. Beer, 'A. S.
Miller, J. J. Boyle, Peter Genis. .
Justice No. 81— W. E. Tibbet, 'T. M. Connor.
Santa Ana No. 82— 'George A. Riley, J. H.
Moesser. 1
Lincoln No. 83 — John Haenny.
Silver Star No. 84— "O. E. Morden.
San Pablo No. 86— H. ft\ Thode.
Carquinez No. 90 — C. C. Swain. /
Mount Diablo No. 91 — O. F. Greening.
Point Timber No. 92— C. J. Preston.
• Reliance No. 93 — E. A. Richmond.'
Bcnicia No. 94 — *H. L. Thompson.
Placer No. 95— C. H. Kellogg.
San Benlto No. 96— *W. J. Cagney, 'John
Brookshlre.
Covenant No. 97— 'J. H. Wills. .
Monterey No. 98— 'George Hubert.
Guardian No. J0O — Sam Hughes.
Mountain No. 105— G. W. Giffen.
Br'dgcport No. 107 — E.^ B. Ransom.
FolBom No. 109 — 'George T. Marvin.
Bay City No: 111 — 'Joseph H. McDonald,
Lewis E- Gob!e. . ' .
Empire No. 112— T. E. B. Rice.
Gait No. 113 — 'F. C. RukkIcs Jr.
Putte No. . 1 14— H. A. Betty.
Willows No.-; 115— R. L. Black, 'George
Fetlierston. ...
May No. 117-^-C. G. Stlnson.
El Dorado No. 11«— 'Pierre Vlicmant.
Downlcvllle No. .123 — »Nels Hansen.
Forest- No. 124 — *C. W. Honold. 'C. E. MotL
Plcrra City No. 125 — 'Thomas J. McGralh.
Exc.e!cior. No. 126 — James . N. ; Nlnbet, R. A.-
Sarle. 'Griffith Jones, H. B. Burllngame. '
Olympic No. .127 — John Druesdom. - J ;
Mud Sprinw No.- 128— T. C. Morebeck.
Wilmington No. 130 — 'J. A. M. Koater. -1
I*ake No. 135— »G. W.-Meylert. . .
. Fidelity No. 136 — T. A. Farless, 'J. F. Low
ell. C.-B. Curtis.
Jackson No. 138 — Cs> ,W. Freeman, . Jame3
Meehan. ' _ -
Bald Mountain, No. 340 — Charles W. Hendel.
Ion» Valley No.. 141 — James P. Surface.
' Sharon No. 142— 'F. E. Phllbrlck.
Bodie Ho. 143— 'R. R. Fouk«.-^-
Citrus iVo.'. 145 — 'J.B. Ketrlng.
• Pasadena No. 101— Burton Orr, C. S.' Can
field. ¦ •; :'-.'• . ' ¦ .
Mxin Top No. 15C— Alfred Dlxon.
Sugar Loaf No. 157 — *E. D. /Perelra. 1 "
Sutler Creek No. 158 — 'Virgil W. ¦ Norton. ¦
Bay View No. 159— William J. • B. Warner,
•Thomas Griffiths.
Sliver Gate No. .160 — John Kastle. . .:
Weaver No. 1C1 — 'T.'F. Bergtn..
¦ Hanford No. 164— 'George .T. Howard, *J. C.
C Ruspell. , . . -. . -
Ashler No. 165— F. W..Greeley. :
, l Pueblo No. 168— J. . B: Morrl».
Newark No. 1 ( JO — 'C. G. Hpaly. WS>MBa2ii
Maxwell No. 170— J. 1C. Prime. V-
Ycsemlt* No. 171—1". T. Hilton. *R. W.
Cole, A. E. Rltter. M. Bllby, J. T. Albtn.-WU-
Ham Grue. F. Holland. .T.- W. VPlckford.' ¦ ,:'
-Santa Barbara No. .172 — T. ." M. Hogan.
¦ Ventura No. 173 — *W. H. Ley.v. >
Memorial No. 174 — -James ¦ Wallace, John
Sleator. . .
West End No. 175^-H. H. Reid.
Klamath No. 176 — C. H. Darling.' r
Etna No. 177 — 'William P. Hanscn." • "
<¦ Fort Jones No. ' 178— 'Allen E. «Luce.
Friendship No. 179— F., J. Magulre.:'J. T.
Blake. - ...¦¦-,- ' - - ... -. ' ,> . . -
Triumph No. ISO— D. Sewell. J. H. Gattran.
William' F.' Smallman, Edward McCosker.
Hills Ferry No. 1S1— *J.. H. Kaufman H.
E. Kinkade.
Turlock. No. 182— O. N. Wilkinson. -
Del Norte No. 183— •William T. Crawford.
¦Blue Canyon No. 184 — W. J. Holmes. . ¦¦
Noe Valley No: 185 — *T. Ahern, M. E. Cum
miners. - *
Tt'hama No. 187 — David Small.
El Monte No. 188— 'Charles Pollard. .
' Challenge No. ! 190— *J. D. Parker. .
Southern California No. 191 — »B. S. Mason,
J. :M. .Guinn. W. L. .Morgan.
. San Mateo No. 192— C. C. Anderson.
Los Banos No. 193 — •W. M. Davis. ...
. Jllguera No. 194 — *R- I* Dempsey. '
Sonora No. 107 — William "Rother.-. '
Oak. Grove No. 198 — *O. . L. ¦ Snedigar. .
Porterville No. 199 — O. E. Gibbons, •William
t». Tompklns. . .
Nelson No. 202 — E. White. :
Kden No. 204— *B. J." Burns. "
Westport No. 207 — M. M. Bates.
Valley View No. 208— »\V. . M. Durham. 1
San Fernando No. ' 214 — William E. - Wilson.
Murphys No. 217— 'John E. Holland. '
1-os Alamos No. 219— F- C. Hathaway.
Oliver No. 220— John Reinike.
Alturas.No. 222 — Isaac Lauer.
Pomona. No.- 225 — *E. Barnes.
Bay District No. 226 — F. R. Neldt.
' Colonla No. .' 227 — *E..\ A. Rathbun, »Ray
Snlvely. ¦ ¦ . :
Concord' No. 229 — H. D. Burrows. ¦
East Los, Angeles No. 230 — • Joseph .E. 1
Thomas. . ¦••._•¦ - .
, Cucamonga-Ontario No. 231 — *A. H.' Skinner
Covlna No. 232— 'Walter Teague.
¦ Palos Verdes No. 237 — W. A. Carpenter.
St. Elmo No. , 238— J. R. Cate.
Germanla No. 241— Frank Gcssler.'
Alia No. 242-— Frank : Norton.
, , Fairmount 1 No. 247— *C. J.- McClure. ,
Point Loma No. 248— *J. If. SlmDson Jr.,
George J. Magrly, Charles R. Bye.
Central No. 251— J. C. Parkinson.
Eureka Valley No. 252— John T. Kidd.
Bishop No. 256 — »D. ¦ f A. Bradshaw. .:
Monrovia-^ No.' 260 — *J. A:. Fraulob. ¦
San Miguel No. 261— 'Frank Mills.
Golden West No. 204— A. W. Lehrke, L. Mc-
Mnlian. \ .-•• ¦ . '- ¦• ¦ :
, Purlsima Noi 2C6— C. A. Reed.
¦'..- Kings City ' No.'- 274— 'J. C. ¦ Falkenberg. -
El Cajon No. . 276— ;'E. D. Orlpper. '
- Tre« Plnoa No.' 277 — 'Joseph Rlanda.
. Hoplar.d No. ,278— J. F.<" Meyers. ' •
. Madera No.- 279 — 'Joseph Barcroft.
.Pacific Grove 'No. . 280-r-'R. C. Wornes.
- ¦ Northern Lights No. : 285 — 'Joseph Win
zinger. . • - - •
Polano No. 287-^-D. W. Kennedy./
' Fullerton No.' 288— 'John' R. Gardiner. .'
Upchurch No. ¦ 289-^«Robert'.<E. , Hewitt.
Alpha No. 290— 'P. Braaech. .
- Riverside No. 202— 'William Cunnison.
Waterford No. 293 — A. F. Underwood.
Stanford No.' 294— Frank Kasson. .
Sunnyside . No. 295— W. P. Miles.
. May field No. 296— *B.' Mayer.
Olive. Branch No. . 298— 'Montgomery M.
Moulton. • • . .
. Sunol.No. 299— 'Frank Trlmlng-ham. -
Crocker No. 302— 'F. - F. Terramorse. . ,
Concordla No. 305 — John . I. Burke. '
' Dlnuba No. 307 — 'Ross Killer.
Prosperity No. 309— R.H.McPherson,' J.G;
North. 'J. U Caufleld, .' J. A. Connelly, D.
Garrlghty. .' . ' , .
-Orange Grove No. 312— »W. f D., Alexander; '
Granite No. 31-1 — 'S.' T. Davles. ..
' Pride of the, Valley No. 315 — "John F.Dun
can.,:'i ,;. .: .W" '¦ V^ri'.T-. ;i ' : . • ,. ... . ¦
¦- Guinda No. 318-t-'E.' H.f Dutton. • . ,* '¦'¦'¦
Redlands:No. 319— PbirRoyar. '. ' ~
" Angels 'No. • 320— 'Jessie A. Sells.'
Boulder Creek No. 323— 'C.,E. Brimblecom.'
. Topo Toiw-No. 325^-'Wllllam J. Bodger. ;
r>esert No. 326— 'A:' T. -H. I^eisrlng. ¦
• '¦ Paso i Robles - No. .¦ 332 — J. C. - Brown. - ''' -
San Antonio 'No. . 336 — J. H. Martinus.
! Ocean : No.' 337 — 'Charles L. Stebbln*. .¦ .
Crescent No. 338 — 'J. .' T. • Lowry. • : ' /
Garvanza No. 34O^-'Grlf flth ; Condron.
Aiusa^No. ;S41 — 'George: W. Juden., v - "
iSanger-No. 342--T\ B..-I>3ng. '
• Liberty No.' 344^-'F.'-T. Bailey. .
> Windsor No." 346^-»E. T L.." Waahburn. ' "
' Santa Ynez No. 348 — 'J.; B. -Noscer. ;
r North Star No. 352^-Janies W.; Erhart.
- Guernevllle No. 354— 'J.~J. Thomas. ¦ •
-Potter -Valley, No.. 35»i—'J.'n.' Adams. '
Plumas No.' 359— 'George :E. Boyden. "'. ' - ¦
' Superior-No. 361— A:- D.. Hawley.
; Tesla No/: 3G3— 'A. • M. : Hutchlnson. i
' America' No.. 3G5^-'WaIter i Magree.
.'. Buena VistaTNo.' 009^'Davld^Lord. - >:¦-'• ,
': Santa : Maria No. : 371— *SamueI ¦ Coblentz. '
Lemon- Home: No. : 373 — J. ¦ A.* SlAughter. ¦ i"
Sunset"7No.- 375;-*Georffe ; R. ., Walden. •• .
l "Admitted this session. ":.' ... , . ,
Riverside Hotel Business Booms.
RIVERSIDE;. March 21.— G. N.Rey-.
nolds to-day bought the Casapalma Ho
tel from Pattee & Leet for $40,000 and will
spend $50,000 in improvements. Frank A.
Miller of . the . Glenwood • Tavern an
nounced to-day that he. stands ready to
build a new. Glen wood costing* $150,060 if
a bonus of $25,000 Is raised by" the citizens
of the city.
THE PRINCIPAL. OFFICERS OF THE GRAND LODGE OF CALIFORNIA OF . THE ANCIENT ORDER OF
UNITED WORKMEN WHICH WILL MEET IN ODD FELLOWS' HALL IN THIS CITY FOR THE PURPOSE
OF LEGISLATING FOR THE FRATERNITY. v;\
,. The two women' have retained .Cramer
B. Morris: of this- j city' to .bring suit
against their, husbands to compel them
to s pay alimony, and ; they ; announce that
after the expiration of a year they will
sue for a divorce, alleging desertion.
¦Soon after that, she declares, 'he began
to Importune her to transfer her property
to him,- and as a ruse she explained that
the major part of the Patton estate had
been bequeathed to her daughter. On
learning this, his - wife alleges that I he
began; to lay his plans "for the marriage
of his son, a young man 20 years old.: to
the girl; and six months ago the, mar
riage was solemnized. •
After that, Mrs. .Nowlin says, both men
conspired to get control of. the estate.
Both ; women claim .-that < they soon
realized the trend of affairs and from then
on her, husband and his son, George Lee
Nowlin. made. life unbearable for her and
her daughter. A week ago things came
to a climax and Nowlin -Sr. < packed his
trunks and left for parts unknown. . Mrs.
Nowlin says that he put numerous arti
cles In his trunk that do not belong to
him. The day following his departure Mrs.
Nowlin received a letter from him, saying
he would never return, and upon the re
ceipt df this letter Nowlin Jr. packed his
trunk and left without, his. young- wife.
He wrote.: to his wife from -Los Angeles,
saying, he had been called, away by the
serious illness of. his mother. ; j
To-day • the two . women called '-at i the
District Attorney's office and sought to
have -warrants Issued for the men. Mrs:
Nowlin Sr. ,, is the widow T of
John Patton, one- of the i wealth
iest of; this valley." She
claims that' in: 1895 : she met Nowlin; who
pretended '-to own considerable | property
in San Francisco. He used these preten
sions, to further his suit,: she says, for he
early' declared .his love for her.
she capitulated and, the two were mar
ried. . ¦¦. ¦•¦ i «••¦.-; - • . •-
SAN BERNARDINO, March 21.— Two
"women, a 1 , mother ..and daughter, "> 'have
been deserted by their respective .hus
bands, | who are J father and son," and now
both have' made complaint' to the District
Attorney that .the i men . have decamped,
taking, with ¦ them ? money "and valuables
to which, they have no claim. The story
told by the elder woman, Mrs. Samuel S.
Nowlin, Is a remarkable one and threat
ens to involve the' husband' In criminal
proceedings.' . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ¦
¦ Special fclspatch to The Call.
The woman had gone Into her garden to
drive out a flock of chickens and was im
mediately attacked by the rooster, which
succeeded in knocking her down. Though
she fought It desperately it managed to
sink its beak into her face a number of
times, aiming to strike out her eyes.
Her screams brought a neighbor, who in
turn was attacked, and ignoring a heavy
club the shanghai routed Hoth women.
Mrs. King's hands were terribly lacerat
ed. Her arms began to swell and now
her face and the left side ot her body
are inflamed and .doubted In size. The
statement is made to-night " that blood
poisoning has set in and - serious results
are not Improbable.
• The rooster has been notorious here for
its dangerous disposition and has been
a terror to children in the neighborhood
for a number of . months. . One of the pe
culiar features of the case is that al
though Mrs. King realizes her critical
condition she refuses to allow the shang
hai to be killed. ; .
SAN BERNARDINO, March 21.— Mrs.
M. E. King, the keeper of. a lodglng-housa
here had a mix-up, with . -an enraged
shanghai rooster this morning which bid3
fair to result in decidedly serious conse
quences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lodging-House Keeper
in the South Ser>
: .;.:-. duslyHurW
Curious Deyelopments in
\ Southern Marriage V ,,
':$ rt^^xAfiair.4.1^-'-
LAKEPORT, March: 21.— In? the action
brought by J. | Craig ' against Tax Col
lector Boonei to prevent the flatter, from!
collecting taxes for the support cf the
Union High; School district on<the zrouna
that . the. school' district was;* Illegally
¦formed,- Judge i Crump hafc sustaineduhe
demurrer . off Boone.- -: Judge .Cfuknp ; t£kes
the -ground" that the complaint filed 'by
Craig embodied a collateral, attack upon
the Clear Lake Union 1 High School cor
poration. The decision is regarded as a
victory, by the 'friends of the high- school.
High School Friends Win Victory.
VICIOUS FOWL
ATTACKS WOMEN
CUPID BRINGS
THEM DISASTER
According to Mrs. . A. ,. A. . Hecox and
Elihu Anthony, the only surviving char
ter members . of :.the local Methodist
church, the box .contained; several coins,
a flrst copy of the Christian Advocate,
a copy of the Sentinel and a. manuscript'
history of the Methodist church in Cali
fornia up to that time, written bv Mrs.
Hecox's husband, who 'was the first Pro
testant minister , in .the California Meth
odist church organized in 1848. • .
SANTA CRUZ, March 21.— Recently the
old Methodist church, which, long- ago
passed into private ownership, was pur
chased by Father McNamee for the pur
pose of being used in connection with his
parochial school.. Interest was manifested
In the cornerstone, . which .was . laid In
June, 1863. When the workmen to-day ex
amined the stone they, found its contents
had been abstracted last night by un
known persons." ' , ... . .
stone in Santa Cruz
Stolen.
Contents of an Old Methodist Corner-
VANDALS BEAR AWAY
BELICS OF' A CHUB.CH
' George : ' Green was married thirty-flve
years ago' in Erie, Pa,, to:'a widow, Mrs.
John. Biddies, who has children by her
first marriage now. living in 'that 'city.
The couple drifted about until finally they
bought and cultivated a cotton plantation
near, Raleigh, N. C. ' A few j months ago
the . couple moved here to live with - rela
tives and Green obtained; work in< a c6t
ton factory. Green was taken 111 and died
to-day. In the preparation' ¦ of \ t,he body,
for burial the discovery was made that.
Green was a woman. . Greln was 74 years
of age and was one of triplets. • As far,
as known Green always .wore. 'men's at
tire. - Though somewhat effeminate in ap
pearance tnere was • never any : suspicion
as to "his" sex. The widow says that at
the time of her marriage she -believed
«he was marrying a man;,. When the mis
take was discovered she never told any
one of the fact. She kept the secret as
a matter of pride. During all 'the years
of their. companionship they; lived to cut
ward | view ) happy and I contented ! \ to
gether.' Green's sex was-not known • to
some of his 'closest relatives, who still
adhere to the claim of his manhood. The
case is causing/excited comment and, no
one seems able "to give any satisfactory
story about how. the: secret was so long
concealed or the reason why Green adopt
ed the garb of man. •
The funeral, will take place to-morrow
and the burial will be in accordance with
the rites of the Catholic church.- '. ' "
j PETERSBURG, Va. , " March j 21.— The
death'! here j to-day of George Green /dis
closed a secret of sex which had been
kept for many, .years. v ' The discovery
caused a great sensation. .• ¦ . .. :-. ,. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marries a Widow Who as a
Matter of Self Pride ;
Remains Silent
Woman Masquprades for
Many Years in Men's
~ ¦ . . Attire.
DEATH REVEALS
STRANGE SECRET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SATURD^^r-MARiGHr 22, 1902^
k;Will Be Heldjri Odd Fellows 7 Hall and Will Be Called to Order by
Grand Master Workman W. E.Di Morrison— Contest Is Ex
pected for at Least One of the' Offices -That Are to Be Tilled
GRAND SESSION OF WORKMEN
OPENS APRIL 1 IN THIS CITY
A bald-headed man is always telling you
how ho had'a fever, and lost his hair.
i The lumbermen show that this arbitrary
action of the southern lines will jeopar
dize 40 per cent of shingle and 16 per cent
of lumber shipments of the State. It thus
hits a body blow to the greatest industry
in the State, which is largely controlled
by owners of mills residing in California
A vigorous protest against the change
is being prepared by the Pacific Coast
Lumber -Manufacturers' Association and
the Washington Red Cedar Shingle Asso
ciation, which organization represents an
Invested capital exceeding 525,000,000 Pro
tests will be presented to the Northern
Pacific and l Great Northern railways
which get the? longest part of the haul.
These roads say that they are inno
wise responsible, for the changing of rates
on ADril.l.: . :
Heretofpre these Hne8 have participated
in giving through rates. Lumbermen here
say that the change is made in the.inter
ests of the lumber interests of Texas an<l
Arkansas.: The region affected comprises
Nebraska. Kansas, Arkansas and North
ern- Texas. :
3
DB. PIEBCE'S BEJffEDIES.
ocoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 00 0000000000000000000000
o 0000000000000000000000000 000000000000000000000000000000
O OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
000000 o o o o o b c ' — |Q 00000000000c
ooooooooooooo 1 . . - - ooooooooooooc
3OO0OOOO0OOOC f\' \7^.. ilT-i^t *- C-T- '— T\U-tJ OOOOOOOOOtfOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOO liO lOV VVanl 10 ieC a PnOlO- OOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOO ' - , -^ . . _ OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooooc dP3Dn OI UCtinctt ? > ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo -,*• r . **».*«»**.** • ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO fV« h'i»<f1ii»t «1int«Mi9At<« «»•• m..U~*U* OOOOOOOOOOOOC
0000,000000000 vJns hundred photographs were submit,, . 000000O . 0OQ000
ooooooooooooo ted by The Sunday Call to Krone, Lena* ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO . c«' 1 'JCUtl <U 1 OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooooo niefi stengei aoo ocncii, me only men ooooooooooooc
00000S0S00S00 known to have seen the murderer of Nora g^ggSSSSSSSSc
ooooooooooooo Fulleri From their selections a com so- ! ooooooooooooc
oSSSSSSSoSSSS «ite pho'o gives a likentss of Bennttt. SS§S§So§SoSSS
OOOOOOOOOOOOO >.«'¦.,, — -..'. .'«.. < OOOOOOOOOOOOC
3000000000000 Should WniDDinfl in Schools
OOOOOOOOOOOOO UUWV1U T» UippxujJ HI kJWUUVU OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooooo n o A Knltchi-H 1 'iV-"' '•'-' o-ooooooooocj'ao
:• 000000000000 BC xiUUlljXICU I . ¦' • o 00 00 00 000 o b c
d^SoSSSSSSSS? Read What Teacher.Parent and Pupil: oo§§Soo§oooo C
ooooooooooooo Have to Sav ¦' • ooooooooooooe
OOOOOOOOOOOOC ¦ ... ¦ ¦*¦.-•';¦¦,: , .' OOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOO »» »; " ? '•• T\t OOOOOOOOOOOOO
doooooooooooo i*\y experiences -in osier, ooooooooooooo
300000000000^ r» Z+ ' '¦ • t%" ¦'«'• ¦""¦'¦ - oaoo'ooooooooe
ooooooooooooc :. By Captain Dctchemenoy. • * ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo '/ 1 •- -: , . ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo ; fj,— Vmi n^c^iK-) V/\i»i» n«c* ooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooo Uan lOU Jj»C5CriD2 I OUT OCSl ooocrooooooooc
ooooooooooooo : _ ¦ . ¦ j» ' ooooooooooooc
ooooooocooooc .. . rriCnfl »¦ ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO. , r 00000000003 O.C
ooooooooooooc / Another Test Next Sunday.'' ¦ ooooooooooooo
ooooooooeoooc ... ., ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOC ¦ «Tt/f»lr»»%i« *• H/\*« />'>»<* " OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooooo .- iYlaMllft a llUlUc. o oc 00 oooooo o 0
ooooooooooooc .- :¦_ t-.T:'^. " t> n 1 0000000000003
ooooooooooooo An every 'Day 1 alk to bvery-L/ay reople ooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOQOOOC '' -.'¦. 1 V V» V P If D,V-. ,*-.:. . ' ;¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooc . .-. y * vcx> .* • **• ****:**'¦ ¦',',*• . •' .. ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo , «J^ _ «o • j ooooooooooooc
2§S§SSSSS§S2S -The Romances- of -Stanford.., SSSSSSSSSSSSS
0000000.00000c _ • _ ¦ ' _, -¦¦•', ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo patfes 01 Interesting Stones, ooooooooooooc
ooooooocooooo ru^w ui iuai miuij; . uiui i^ j. ooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOO ' ' * ' ' ' ' OOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOO OO 9 OO . , OO OOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO O O.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CtO'O O O OO C
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOJ
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOO ¦>¦'-... OOOOOOOO
oooooooo OUT NEXT SUNDAY, MARCH 30, oooooooo
OOOOOOOO -.-•'-..'-¦ [OOOOOOOO
oooooooo THP >TJNfiAV I AlfSi oooooooo
oooooooo •„¦ **Ifj- fcJVlili«l ¦ % \*Jt\M+MU-%3.\- oooooooo
OOOOOOOO '¦' ftw\w-*~A"jm% '"'¦ i 'V a tfl'll''' l'J "' ¦"¦'¦U lm, 1 - » - I *' oooooooc
oooooooo UJUJC/i 1 EAu L JCk , £jU1 11UJN* oooooooo
oooooogo •'"'.'•;.-' .- — "-i" .oooooooo
oooooooo ?"P le ° d «°l inb i ;a^¥ c^
oooooooo of human interest appertaining to the' glorious Faster Day. ooooooso
noon no oo - • ¦ ' ?3&0<nKSBIlMba^BBttft9mM4i8jMfB6»i* - - 00000003
ADVERTISEiffENTS:
[>'¦;•••.... '••/ ' One may sail thc seas 'and*, visit every land and everywhere will find,' IH |^\ \ •. \ -V
''•¦--"'¦.''••'-: I '. thatjmeh of affairs^ who are! well" informed, have neither, the time ¦ Ti : : \," '. \ \ \
'•• y I '¦ not, iho inclination, /whether "on pleasure bent or business, to iise those \j :^\ V \ • ; \ \ \
/ medicines which cause excessive purgation and then leave the internal || :^'''-\ ¦• - '¦¦ '*• '. \
. / 'organs in a constipated condition. .-, Syrup of Figs Is not built on those U : V@\ - \ \ \ \"
i / /^^ lines. -It acts "naturally, acts effectively, cleanses, sweetens and strengthens I , | 0^^, ... .\ \ \ •. ; ';*.\
- / the internal organs and leaves them in a healthy condition. I • V \ • ''••' "*• ''• '¦
7 . If in need of a laxative remedy the most excellent 13 Syrup of Figs, but I ¦ ¦ \ ¦ \ \
¦"-"¦' I when anything more than a laxative is required the Bafe and scientific plan I f '"•i;^:^V V. .-. '•..'•. \ \
/ is to consult a competent physician and not to resort to those medicines I I "ij. •• >fe : .?v . \ \
• : .. . / which claim to cure all manner of diseases. 1 : r^^^^c^^lS^^V^^K
>.•"':.•. 7 The^California Fig Syrup Co.* wastho flrst to manufacture a laxative remedy j "j 1\>-. f, ¦ "
$?&l V which would 5 ive ¦' Batl " fl i?^ to all ; , a ; laxative whicli physicians could I j t Sf&^f ""^^ 1 ""^
: i;'::7 ¦ sanction and one friend recommend to another ; so that today its sales probably I \ \ T'^l. \ \ \
I exceed all other laxatives combined. In some places considerable quantities of 1- : • / - ¦¦ • • ¦•- \ \
¦'..'I-'- old-time cathartics and modern limitations are still sold, but with the general R \ \l \ .\...-."" < V*~*r"T
! I diffusion of knowledge, 'as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has come ' 1\ \ / .A-"S|'** \ "' \ \ \
I "/ Into general use with the "'well-informed, because it is a remedy of known value n" ; \- />'"')' X \ \ \
-...• I . and ever beneficial action. ;.: - ; ; ' ! ; / IV;. '.i-j \ \ \ \ \
'•y?* The quality of Syrup of Figs Is due not only to the excellent combination of F\v. ; .'* \A \ \" \ V
:>.... the laxative and : carminative 1 principles of plants, known to act most beneflcially LJiV v ».X' \ *• 1 \ *
*'% on the system/ with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids,- but also to the Y^X^fi-.-: v - \ * \
''v 5 : orginal method of? mariufacture. .", In order to get the genuine and its beneficial LJ^.:.T :."V^ : : '.\A. \ .\ \
effects^ one^should always inote the'; full^^name of the Company— California Fig V- W-:^':^:^A"!^V>S^--^' "
••».._ Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package. V • I — jK". . ¦ \" - "'• '\^^\
itEscirariij
WfLLCOREYOOHThough the exact racing length of the
. Challenger will not be known until ahe
has been accurately measured, it will t.^
almost exactly. thirty feet. At the rate of
one man for every four feet of racing
length she will be entitled to a crew uC
seven men. It has been usual in matcti
races for each yacht to carry a repre-
in the hand3 of the regatta .com
mittee, which consists of Dr. T. L. f Hill,
W. G. Morrow and J. R. Savory. These
will select a captain and choose a crew.
MEMBERS of the San Francisco
Yacht Club have decided to plata
the management of the Challenger
Regatta Committee Takes
Charge of the Contest,
but Has Not Chosen Boat
Challenge for Perpetual
Trophy fs Received by
the Corinthian .Holders
TIBURON TARS
MUST DEFEND
YACHTING CUP
CARDINAL ATHLETES ARE ROUNDING RAPIDLY INTO CONDITION
\ THE r ERA
A GROUP OF STANFORD UNI
: VERS1TY ATHLETES. .THE
CENTRAL PICTURE SHOWS
: HURDLER.. H. P. KUHN, -'03,
-IN. ACTION. ' . ..-!-¦
LONDON, March 21.-The- annual cheas
match between Oxford anfli Cambridge to
day resulted' in ; a draw,- wlth:_3Vi games • a
•W*----. '.•'-'.^v. : -iiV.,'";._^__ -
Chess Match a Draw.
;, NASHVILLE, Tenn.', March 21.^5111 Nix
pn, the two-year-old stake winner,- died of
pneumonia last night, i-, The "colt • won the
Premier stakes . at - New -. Orleanar making
fiv* furlongs in '1:01%.
' Two- Year-Old ) IMes Y of Pneumonia.
KmanuH Rios was convicted "of bur
glary Jn the first -degree by -a jury Sn
Judge Dunne's court yesterday and will
be sentenced. Tuesday. He and Louis Cur
tail* who was convicted Tuesday last,
broke into the shoe store of G. Leonardini
4t Co., 217 Broadway/ on the night of Do-
Convicted of Burglary.
M. Joyce an$'D. Connelly vb, J. lawless and
W.--willlamfljVj:.OIynn-ana-E... White vs.- A
Whiteman and J.,' Fairbanks; M. :. Dillon and
T. McManus. vb.'t ;A. Pennoyer an<i : J.~ aicDer
-mott:: Jf s~> Wauh • and .- R. ; Longabaugh < vs. w '
Kavanauph and H. II. Lissner; , George DalV
and , dJ'.'Heesmeyer vb. -' I>. : Morman and- B
Priest;' J. > McBrearty.i and •' J. - Foley / vb. : R*
McOlaae-' and ;M.,iKlrby;; A; : ttlberg andvn •
Lederer. ;vs.J J; Meyer ; and. ', t. ¦ j Elberg: • J.%Whiie
and W. Mairulre. vs. E.'.Curley andrj. Rior
<3an; J. C. Ncalon and J. Ilariow V». R. Lrfne
iian and M. J. Kllgallon. •: ,...,•
: The \handball players .entered ¦ for the
competition >at the* San: Francisco court
to-morrow are as follows: : , ; -, .
Handball. Matches.
NEW YORK. March 2L— The following
horses have'beendeclared outbf the Met
ropolitan handicap: W. C.-Whitney's''En
durance by Right and Klkhorn. -J. W
Schorr's Silverdale. Julius FJclschmann's
Irritable. J. R. - Keene's Telescope. Frank
Farrell'8 De Reszke and-W, L. Olliver's
All Gold.
Will Not Start in Metropolitan.. •
Fieigenbaum^Gets Damages.
A Jury' in Judge Sloss' "court late Thurs
day night 1 gave a ;verdict for $700. dam
ages for the plaintiff In- the suit brought
,by.' David Feigenbaum against ¦ the semi
centenniarAdmlssion day celebration com
mittee of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. Felgenbaum sued to recover monev
he. lost through the.,fallure of the CO m
mittee to - keep a contract for the manu
facture of flags. . 1U
8TANFORD .UNIVERSITJY; March 20 -
vThe; executive.- committee - of. jthe Asso
ciated ";• Students decided '; at': Us : regular
meeting lastfrilghtthat- Its-action was un
wise in not • ratifying.- the '¦ amendment as
to eligibility of- athletes which- was- passed
by the : intercollegiate ' athletic-; committee
.The ; committee . hastened r to , reverse itself
when.the object , of -th«. amendment was
explained by. a. member 1 of; the- intercol
legiate committee.^. Hereafter • a' residence
of. one year,: at college^will; be* required of
students desiring to : compete < in lntercol
ie«iate athletic conteatair '. ••
Mosckos Convicted.'
George Mosckos. the discharged carpen
ter of .the steamer Ventura, who attempt
ed to set flre to the vessel, was convicted
by -Judge Cabanlss ; yesterday on the
charge of; malicious mischief. He was
ordered to appear for sentence this morn
ing. -and -the . Judge intimated that h^
would punish him severely. -
A' sVedai -meeting 6f « the bca"r6T i of di
rectors of tn"e;CorIhtH!anrJtacht*Club was
_held' yesterday^aftftrnjOOTv In; Secretary J.
C- Brickell's offlc&itp. : cdris}der'the H 'chal
lenge for the ¦¦' San Francisco Verpetual
cup received « from ¦- the .^San Francisco
' YachtClub: The challenge.was accepted
and ex-Commodore -rj..- \V. P«w and Aled
Young, with; Comm6dore ; E. ' F: Sager
were appointed a committee; to select a
boat, with which- to -ti.ef end the trophy ana
to make all --necessary: arrangements, for
the race, which will take place some day
in the month of May. '¦ •• •• ' ,
At the same meeting T. J; Cavunaugh.
,W. C.'Corbett and F. E. Scholier -were
appointed delegates ; of thei Corinthian
"Yacht Club to the Pacific InteVclub Yacht
Association. -. - " •• ¦,'.¦'-"
Committee of Three Appointsd to Se
lect tHe Defender 'and Make Ar-" ",:.
. , .rangeme'ntsffor Ra.cei~- ¦
CORINTHIAN <
ACCEPT jTHE CHALLENGE
The season of the San Mateo : County
hunt is rapidly drawing to a close. This
Xhorning at II o'clock a meet will be hold
at Fair Oaks. -On Wednesday, .the'' 26th
inst., the pack will be laid on at the polo
field of the Burllngame Country .Club'at
S^O In the afternoon.- Thclast -meet of
the month will, take place on Saturday.
March 29, at "The Crossways,"' Burlin
firame. the home of Francis- J. Carolan
master of the hunt, a start being made at
3 iu the afternoon.. J. J. -Moorw is again
acting master of the San Mateo hunt in
the absence of Francis J. Carolan:
San.Hateo Hunt Club Meet.
Judge Sloss promptly held him in con
tempt, andfhe. was. only Saved from im
mediate, punishment by the pleaaimr of
his attorney. -. ¦; ¦'.;"; ' ' •
. Charles H. Smith,, cashier of the South
ern Pacific Company, was adjudged guilty
of contempt- of court yesterday because
of his ' refusal ¦ to pay his former wife..
Josephine Smith, alimony. He was given
until next Wednesday to pay the J7w) he
owes hia former wife or go to jail.
: The marital difflcutles of the Smiths
have -been aired in -the courts on many
occasions.'; He separated from his former,
wife a short time after his marriage.
Mrs. Smith brought suit for maintenance'
and Smith was ordered to pay her $100 per
month. Smith then sued for divorce and
secured a decree after a long trial before
Judge Daingerfield. Mrs. Smith, got a
new trial before Judge Murasky, and an
appeal' from his decision is now pending
in the Supreme Court. A new trial of the
suit for maintenance was then secured by
Smith, and it . was heard ." before Judge
Sloss, who ordered Smith to continue pay
ing $100 a month. He failed to do so for
seven months, :, . and - his" appearance in
court yesterday was due to -an- order cit
ing him for contempt of court for his
neglect. He said yesterday that he was'
willing- to pay $150 per, month, the $.» -to
be applied to the $709 due. but Judge Sloss
said he should pay $200.
- "I won't pay it' to that woman," said
Smith. : "I: have not got the money and I
will not borrow it."' -
Wednesday to Pay Back
. : Alimony.
Judge . Sloss Gives Him Until Next
CASHIEB CHARXES SMITH
v IS GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
-Judging from the showing madeiby, tliu
varsity, ball ; players, In! the game with the
alumni team on Wednesday.; theyrhave"
come; to a standstill as, regards form.
Almost, the entire team played a ; listless
game, replete with/errors, from start to
finish. If there was a, redeeming feature
It Was the number of safe hits secured off
Strelb's delivery by the varsity men. They,
are; showing an ability , to connect with
the; ball that Is encouraging, because a
team : of hard hitters ; Is considered 'more
desirable than one of sure fielders in un
Intercollegiate game. ' ,'. —
: * The ,weak spot- on the nine continues to
be the; first base position.. Coach-Swin
dells has tried, a' number; of imen at the
first .bag, but none * of .them.' are '.varsity
material. McKennon, 1 '05,', was given,, a
chance there during, practice .this .week
and displayed fair r form. -although he -is
rather ; a .man for the posillon;
Third Baseman : Brown . has ; been ' kept out
of the game for several days on account
of a sprained ankle,' but the Injury, is' not
serious. jMcFarland and Parker are show
ing fine form in the box; Tritch and Row
land, v the ¦ other . candidates f o*r ?j pitcher,
have been . suffering ; from lame ~\ arms.
Crawford, at shortstop, . is -fast- develop
ing .varsity, f orm: . In Lthe game . with ! the
alumni he accepted eight chances without
an .error. - Captain i Cowden,' /who j played
first base r.Iasjt year, * will cover,; the . second
bag thisseason, unless It be found neces
sary i to ? shift , him = to first -because pf the
lack of good -material for that important'
position. v ..•': '• ;
; The .weather has been Ideal for; work
on the track during the week; and. Trainer
."Dad" • Moulton ,is i pleased with the prog
ress shown by, the men. 1 ,. Few. of. the ath- 3
letes " have * been : trying f or ¦ records,": as
their., condition '.will : not exces
sive "work.- "Hank 1 : 'Hamilton,^. the sopho-"
more. captain, is making the best | showing
In , t he i 100 T yard dash, recently;- running ; It
in lO>l-5 seconds^ without -.competition.
None \ of .'the > freshmen « in : the • meet : with
Santa Clara College showed. speed suffi
cient- to.wln 1 a 1 p}ace'in F< anMntercollegiate
contest. . Training- may "- bring': some of
'themiinto form by the time of the annual
contests With California.'; -. ¦:
_ week of good training weather, and
every moment not - required ;¦ by college
work has been devoted to preparation for
the intercollegiate contests which; takfi
place within' a month. .. ¦'-K^:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 21.
—The baseball and ; the track men
have been favored with -their "'first
On Monday, the 24th inst... the. ladies of
tbe San Francisco Golf Club will engage
In a handicap tournament over eighteen
holes,' medal play, beginning at' 9:30 a.. m.
On Saturday. . April • §, the first -half of
the second thirty-six hole- match -between
teams representing the San Francisco and
Oakland golf clubs will -be played. The
scores of both days' play will be reckoned
together and if the* San Francisco Golf
Club should win the second match, as it
has ah*«aJ? . won the first, -the •lnterclub
eilver trophy will become its property/ If
the Oakland team should win the second
thirty-six hole match a tie 1 would J result
and this would be played off over eighteen
holes on neutral links. '
No event is set down for' this afternoon
on the schedule of the San Francisco Golf
Club, but It Is likely the contest for. the
Council's cup for men may make a little
progress. H. C. Golcher has already
reached the final round. Warren. Gregory
and G. . B. Cookscy have not y«>t . played
their match In the opening round. S. L.
Abbott Jr. has reached the ' semi-final
round ' and will play against the' winner
of the Gregory -Cooksey match. Next Sat
urday there will be a handicap over eigh
teen holes for the Liverpool silver medal
on the Presidio grounds. ,
Tournament for Council's Cup Still in
Progress on Links of the San
Francisco* Club.
Stanford -Sprinter Shows a
Fast Trial in a Hundred
% Ysrd S}: in en Cinder-. Path
GOLFEHS TO MEET IN
: INTERCLTJB CONTEST
The members of the^ Golden Gate Gun
Club will shoot live birds to-morrow at
Inglesidc. -
: Dr. A. T. Derby. H.L." Titus and Clar
ence Berry . leave to-day for Norman,
Glenn County, to enjoy the magnificent
goose shooting to be had there* at' the
present time. .
As there are no club" events scheduled
for Ingleside trap-shooting grounds for
one week from to-morrow, the Union Gun
Club has announced a big merchandise
shoot for that day. Valuable prizes wll!
be offered and a large attendance is ex
pected. 'n^SpBOHttMH&MGHGn
This condition will not prevail to-mor
row, and the season will.be opened prop
erly. 'The season consists of only five
slioots thl3 year, one each month, includ
ing July. In addition to the special events
for club members there are two- open
events, j The prize in one of these is a re
peating shotgun and in the other the
Sweeney record medal. Practice shooting
will commence at 8:30 a. m. *
'.: :the '.programme arranged to mark
the opening of the season. This was to
have taken place on the 9th inst., but the
unusually heavy rains flooded the traps,
rendering them -useless for the time, being.
EMPIRE , GUN CLUB officials will
..carry out; to-morrow at- the trap
1 shooting grounds, Alameda Point,
-The South'Enda are ; displaying a. good
deal of activity.^ Slx^barge crews left the
boathouse last Sunday. and ,the outrigged
skiffs -were in, constant demand through
out '¦ the day. M. • : Franklin tried * a ; - skiff
foil the first, time and capsized off Mission
Rock: * After • being rescued' by one '6f the
club AVhltehalls: he went ,' over ;a 'second
time. , Judge --AJ, Ffltz ; took '^-trlp", along
the -water front inlan outrigged skiff. Jo
seph ? Leahy, member' of a rowing club In
Cork,-; Ireland/Vylsited. the South Ends and
went" out'\ with" a.: barge crew.^JDr-* C -C
Dennis, proposes "to: get rtogether. a'bargp
crew.whlch>wili;have atryout with Cap
tain; Scully's four.^the winners to repre
sentUhe club ; int senior barge races.
At the last meeting of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club a committee'
was appointed to make- arrangements for.
a regatta and to report at the next meet
ing. The committee consists of C. M.
Farrell. Captain T. R. Dlxon,Leo^.Wlen
and.vVal Kehrleln and W. O. Patch. The
regatta Is to be held over . the. North
Beach course next month. . Albert P.
Rothkopf has offered four, gold medals for
the best crew In tho club. . F. C. Staib has
also offered " a gold medal. •President J[.,
8. Earl3 will give .a gold medal for the
best single scu'ler . and > the club • will' pre
sent a diamond medal to the .best man in
the Junior outrigged skiff race.-'. - .
'-. The Ariel ; Rowing Club members' | are
devoting its energies ' to .Increasing • ihe
fund for building the . new. boathouse,'
which will be erected on the site granted
by the Harbor Commissioners. This Is a
rock about. nfty yards to the north of the
Arctic Oil. Works and about a mile front
their, old quarters on Long,Wharf.
,-. The Artels already, have a • considerable
sum In -the treasury propose ta add
to the "building fund by a series of box-
Ing contests to be^held 1 in' Wbodward'3
Pavilion. Matchmaker James Wilson has
arranged several bouts for Thursday
evening.- April- 3. -W. " J. Leonard of the
Olympic 4 Club, 'champion' feather-weight
of the Pacific Coast,' will fight Paul. Mar
tin.-, unattached, • for the : , championship
Ted -Wolfe of- the - Ariel- Rowing Club I Is
matched ' against George Peterson of - the
San I Francisco ; Athletic Club for,, the- wel
ter-weight . championship. Xr- Other f bouts
will be:«Tody Everatt'vs..Joe Angeli; 12S
pounds: . Barney Driscoll^vs. ; M.- . Maher,
; 105 . pounds ; * L. • Powell -vs. .- Ji ; -McDonahl,
115 pounds;; Al Young vs. Joe Hayes. V130
pounds,, ,' and "• Fred -„ Landers vs.-:'Johh
Schmelter,.'125 Dounds. , : :
i The merchants • and business • men ; of
Oakland . desire to bring '..' thousands of
spectators, to the: regatta, and to* .'give
them an Interesting afternoon of sport In
one of the prettiest parts of- tho city; The
experience of last year will be ;useful to
those having control of the. regatta.. and
they .will be able to make more satisfac
tory arrangements for the accommooatlo;i
of contestants than were possible on the
first occasion. •¦¦-: ¦":*
j It was decided there will 'be a celebra
tion in the.clty of Oakland on July 4 and
that an aquatic : programme ,pn iLak.e. Mcr
ritt'wlll form an important part of the
day's doings. ,/Those interested In the
rowing events intend , they shall be better
managed and more attractive- than any
ever held in this State. - . - ; •' • •
Alameda Boat Club attended . the
meeting of the Merchants' Exchange of
Oakland and was cordially received.
A CHAMPIONSHIP rowing regatta Is
• assured -for. the. coming season. On
Tuesday evening a committee of.Lhe
A. Rv Curtis has retired Galatea ami
J>ord Beaconsfield, .as ; they proved below
the rcciulfed., standard for coursing.
The management is trying the . experi
ment of dividing the greyhounds entered
into three classes instead of two. In this
¦way." the dogs are' running against those
of nearly equal ability, thus helping to do
away with the uneven matching wnich is
bound to crop out In -a stake with, a largo
entry.' • . • . . - . ;
' The officials of the California Coursing
Committee have received an Inquiry from
Los Angeles regarding running grcy
houndsafter the patent hare,' a mechani
cal contrivance. The committee has re
plied that greyhounds used for this* pur
pose .will -be barred from the coursing
field. This class of running injures grey
hounds, as It is purely a speed test. ;Th*
object of the committee- Is to elevate
coursing, especially from' the breeder's
point of. view. ; X
There will • be four -stakes up for deci
sion to-day and to-morrow at Union Park.
The sapling stake will be run through to
the deciding course to-day, leaving the
latter as part of to-morrow'a card. Tnc
reserve stake will be completed- to-<?ay,
together with one round of the open
stake. The remainder of this and the spe
cial-stake in its entirety will form to
morrow's card.. . •. .-.-. .-. • .
A sixteen-dog special stake will be run
at Union Park on' April 19-20: The en
trance fee will be $23, the park adding
$450. The $850 stake will be divided: $260
to. the winner;. $160 to the runner up; two
at $100 each; four- at "$50, with $25 each to
the dogs beaten in the first round by thy
ultimate winner and the runner up. This
will leave. only six of the original. entrie3
outside the money. Among the ¦ eligibles
for the stake are Sacramento Boy, A. J.
Martin, .Morrlmac, Little Sister, Vandal,
Tame Tralee, - Tralee Boy, Santonin, Har
lean Gladys, Roman. Athlete, Wedgewood,
Royal Archer, Homer Boy,. Irelana, Fjenil,
Cold Shivers and Freezeout. The value
of the stake might. tempt Palo Alto from
his enforced retirement. ... . ¦
,- With -the- kennels of J. H.'Rosseter, X.
R. Curtis and J. L. Ross all sending crack
dogs to the slips the mettle of the East
ern-greyhounds will.- be," severely tested.
As 'there will be strength in numbers the
coursing men -will be assured of fair
treatment. '. .
ef the kennels from the • Pacific
Coast. Heretofore hardly more than one
kennel would be 6ent to take part at Ihelr
meetings, and- being at such a; decided
disadvantage the competition was not. no
ticed. ¦•:•'.. .; . -
FOR the first time In America the
coursing men of the- Middle West
will 'feel* this year the competition
.•'.'•The singles* try-out was. commenced at
Stanf ord. last" week: -i ¦¦ Moore 'and Hottper,
who .were considered the strongest" men
next: to* WIehe. were both 1 beaten. "' The
i'«jrmer wasbeaten by 13aker and the" lat
ter by s SpHynlp. . Spli valo *;has I had '. prac
tically no experiftnce/ibuf-nrtll; undoubted
ly, develop, into, a good man in. another
year. ¦', " ¦¦'. ¦ :¦'='•;.':" ¦¦_,¦/. "'..• ' . ¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦ .. -..¦
The~ park - players 'have - petitioned the
Commissioners to oil all the public courts
Borne- have never, been oiled, iwhllei those
that have are pronounced -not-;in- good
.condition/ .' r -.'\\:-:.*;il ,.-.:;. :^ '.'
. At present the colleges are busily ¦ en
gaged in bringing , off -their try-outs
the intercollegiate J tournaments set for
April. -/The doubles try-out at Berkeley
last ; Saturday resulted- ln - a victory for
Hunt and, Baker, who will represent- their
college . in doubles. - Hunt { has . expressed
hiS •¦intention of ; riot taking part In the
singles this year, and consequently there
will be but. three men .- to fight* for: the
two coveted positions. They are Fred
Thrown, ¦Drummond.MacGavIn and George
•Baker. These- men are all evenly matched
and will furnish some line tertnia ' In their
preliminary ' matches. .'• Brown Is almost
srure. to' win a pln.ee, : and/ the' fight - for the
other -will ; toe between r-MacGavIn; and
Baker. .The former's, chances -are ; con
sidered .slightly better- than these of the
'latter. "¦ :.. . ..•¦: : ¦• : ¦ . •<.»¦. ¦. :¦ ¦ ... . '.
••Second class— Clear, ; Baker,- vBpzaft,'
Baer, Kacret, Steff, Afarr, Kaiser,; Un
ton-, Campbell,. Colman; Brady; Flnnlgan,
A. Beyfuss, . Di\ Kamp and -Martin. ,'.'
Tetley, is an Engusn: player 01. consid
erable skill,' but Has not -played for. sev
eral years. Frost: recently won the class
tournament held on' the Coquellcot-Club
courts, Oakland: He>* stands *a' chance. of
crfrrylng off the class honors.- Routh and
Dunlap -have 'each a -victory over' the
other and are probably -.the best -two in
the tournament. . ,¦ ' . v • : •- •: . -..
First, class— Charles Dunlap, Harry
Routh, Tetley, "William - Frost, • William
Allen, Theobauld and "Adams. : '.*..-• ¦-¦¦
It will be a class singles event In which
the players will be > divided into ' : two
classes. In the first class there will iprob
ably'nct be more than six or eight men,
and in the second about twenty-four. All
:hatches except the finals will be two sets
out of three! The finals will be three out
cf five. There will be no vantage stits—
that Is, the one getting. 3lx games. flrst
wins the set. In the previous tournament
of this kind Harry "Routh, the first class
winner, allowed Alec Beyfuss, the secopd
class winner, a- handicap of "flfteen"and
won after a close match." The .-Handicap
between the | classes ! to-morrow-': will , be
"half thirty."^ :Witfi. these edds- the win
ner of the second class stands an.'cxcel
.'cnt -chance, of carrying* off first .honors.
Owing to. the extremely large entry- list
'the tournament will occupy two Sundays..
-The ifollowing men .have "already en
tered: . ' ¦• * ¦¦ ¦ • . •• ¦
morrow on the- park ceurt3.~ : Two
events of this kind have been held, pre
viously, on the public courts, but on
lather a small scale. 'Already
three players have entered their names.
As the limit Is thirty-two, some of
intending to ' enter ' to-mprrow morning
will -be disapiiolnted. ,'«-':..'
THE principal event of the week on
the tennis courts will be -the class
Singles /tournament^ to be' held 'to-
Young Tennis Experts Are
Active . on : Public; Court-,
'§ Showing High Class Form
Will' Show - Texis Coursers
the Mettle of Califbrnia
; bred Greyhounds of Glass
Uniqn Gun Club Announces
.a Merchandise Shoot on
; Last Sunday in the Month
Championship Regatta ~f at
Oakland, en July ; Fourth
Is Now an Assured Fact
OARSMEN WILL
GET RACES ON
LAKE MERRITT
EMPIRE CLUB
WILL OPEN ITS
TRAP SEASON
PARK PLAYERS
TO ENGAGE IN
TOURNAMENT
LEASHMEN OFF
FOR FIELDS
OF THE SOUTH
N- H. Hickman will .be represented by
nis smooth coated fox rterners NorfolK
Trueman, Endcliffe Resist, lone and Isa
bel. ... . .
C. K. Harley will also have a quartet
of terriers, including Wandee- Jester.
John D. Spr-eckels Jr. will send his prize
winning bull terrier Banjo to compete.
Mrs.- W. C. Ralstron will be represented
oy two cocker spaniels from -her ken
nels. ¦ ¦ - - ¦ •:•¦•¦
The dogs belonging to George S. Thomas
of Hamilton, Mass.; which have been on
this coast some months in charge of Mr.
Klein, will be seen In the north. They
include a team of Irish terriers. Scotch
and- wire-haired fox terriers, . among - the
latter being Willmount Highwayman.
Champion Shcla, Endcliffe Rebel. End
cliffe Skyscraper and Endcliffe Skyrocket-
Phil C ' Meyer's kennel of cocker span
iels will also be of the party. ¦;
If more than one' kennel of the same
breed Is entered for «omoetition in the
team class at the San Francisco Club
enow the judge of that breed will first
pass on their respective merits. The win
ning kennel will receive a kennel prize of
J15 In addition to any prizes it may win
In the team class.
:he announcement is made that this is
jnly a partial list. In addition to these
:ups and trophies are r»ll the gold med
*.ls, the cash prizes and the ribbons of
fered by the kennel club, from this.for
midable array it is difficult at this time
:o.see how any'" dog coudn't -escape from
ihe show without a prize. .
Hertofore the annual show has been al
nosf entirely ; a local affair, few dogs
from a ¦distance" being • benched. This
year, owing to the circuit shows, com
mencing in the' northwest, this city .will
ittract many noted dogs never seen in
lompetition here.- * ' ' '."•
The bull terrier section of the show
«hould be particularly strong, as a lot
ol well . bred terriers were whelped last
rear. The "Breeders' cup," offered by Dr.
LI. L. Tevts, is expected to develop . keen
competition, as it is a valuable trophy
Df splendid design. It is for the best Pa
id fie Coast bred bull terrier .whelped in
UtOl. It is to be. won three times. before
Decoming tbe property <of one exhibitor.
Entries for the show will close posltive
ry «n April 12. The show will open in
Mechanics' Pavilion April 23, and will
continue four days. ¦',-.-. . . .-
A number of- dogs from . this city will
be sent to the northern shows. L. ¦ A.
Klein will exhibit Champion Ivel Rustic,
Champion Woodcote Wander and Cham
pion . Venlo Forever. • : •¦'. ¦ ,-¦-.•
THE. premium list. of the sixth annual
dog show of the >;San Francisco
Kennel Club is. being distributed,
tt Ss a handsome 'booklet and is replete
*ith information of interest, to owners of
well bred dogs. Seven pases are required
:o enumerate the special prizes, and even
Premium List Is. Issued
fcr the Exhibition to
Be- Held Here in April
A Great Many Kennels From
this City Will Compete
en 1 he Northern Circuit
DOGS READY
FOR ROUND OF
BENCH SHOWS
Wants Materials for Perfumes.
The, Chamber of ; Commerce is- in rs
ceipt of a communication from Edward
gsse™. a Perfumery specialist of N* w
xork, who .desires horticulturists of the*
State to. furnish the raw materials for "
extracts to be .manufactured in Fans.
* ranee. The matter has been referred to
several prominent horticulturists.
Pleads Guilty of Assault.
.Tonada Massa, who was charged with
assault to murder for cutting F.Tuckawa
with a knife in a house on Dupont street.
near California, on : December 23 with
drew his plea of not guilty before Juds*
Dunne yesterday.. and with the consent of
the District Attorney pleaded guilty to
simple assault. He ¦ will bl sentenced
Tuesday. : .
Partner in Firm : Dealing In Builders'
' Materials FUes Suit for an '¦'
' . J;, Accounting/ "^J
J. N. Young 1 of . the firm of . Smith *T r
Young., dealers Ih'huilders' materials. la
a complaint for an accounting In
junction restraining Sy.W... Smith, his
partner, from interfering with 'him in the
conduct "-./of. the- business;,, makes serious
charges. | He charges; Smfth with appro
priating the firm's money" to 1 his - own use
ana of failure to make Tmy returns for
the same. Young also alleges that he ha3
advanced J22.643 tothe flrnv for -which ho
claims he has not received , any ¦ interest
as provided for in. the partnership, agree
ment. He alleges. that there Is now owlns
him on thisaccount $35,eO(XVHe asks- for
a dissolution of'partnershtp and tiie'ao
pointment of H. M. , Hamilton ¦**&*£
ceive* pending the. trial of. the'#ult*for au
accounting. ¦
; Y0tfNG '' MAZES SEBIOXJS, .
CHASGES AGAINST SMITH
,nflr»l iM ir ,. 8 , gasohne y acht Lucero
and George Knight's launch Athlete came
as lK Sunday from the .Suisun
!?¦««?« , w . herc they . have . been . used as
«r« iifJ. S ) od f- e3 during the .winter./ They
are lying In Rlchardsons Bay . v
. The measurements of the Challenger ara
as follows: Length over all, 42 feet 4>i
inches: length on the water line, 28 feet;
extreme beam, 10 feet 2V3 inches; draught.
6 feet 6 inches; sail area, 1004 square feet;
racing length, 30 feet. As the yacht de
fending the cup must not exceed the
challenger by more than 10 per cent, the
Corinthian craft may not be more than
thirty-three feet in raeing length. It has
been generally supposed .that Frank
Stone's Presto would be selected to de
fend the trophy, she '¦having a racing
length of 28.34 feet. It Is usually consid
ered better to give a time allowance than
to receive one, so the Corinthians " may
decide to defend with- a larger boat rather
than with a smaller one. In that case
Sharp and. Toepke's Harpoon would bo
the boat selected-. In the last lnterclub
annual regatta the Harpoon had a racing
length of 36.10 feet and raced with the 44
footers, but it is believed It would- not be
difficult to cut her down to bring her
within the limit of thirty-three feet. .1 The
Harpoon is a faster boat than the Presto,
as is shown by -the times made in> races
in which both yachts have sailed. "^Ia the
Decoration day annual Corinthian regatta
last year the Harpoon's sailing time was
2 hours. 11 minute3 48 seconds, and Pres
to' 3 time was 2 hours 18 minutes 4 sec
onds. In the annual interclub regatta, on
September 9 of last year, Harpoon's time
was 2 hours 23 minutes 9 seconds, and
Presto's was 2 hours 25 minutes 6 seconds.
The results of these two races show that
while Harpoon on account of her greater
length is faster, boat for.boat, than Pres-i
to. she cculd not give Presto the time al
lowance of 10 minutes 51 seconds to which
Stone's boat would be entitled over a
fourteen-mile course. If Harpoon were
cut down to a racing length of thirty
three feet she would still have to allow
seven minutes, which would have landed
Presto a winner by a narrow margin on
Decoration day and by an ample one in
the Admission day regatta.
To-morrow morning at about noon the
bridge leading to the Tlburon lagoon will
be raised, and the yachts and arks which
have been laid up there during the winter
will be towed out to their summer moor
j£f 9 'n the cove. It will be high water at
Tiburon shortly before 12 o'clock. The
yacht Wawona.Is still high- up on the
in^oVti * her £ m £w be some difficult:.'
in getting her off. The rest of the yacht3
are ready to come out when the passage
Is open. •¦• . •- - .¦*¦¦••
The San Francisco's have lost little time
in sending: in their challenge. The new
boat took her first cruise last Sunday
from Sausalito. and on Tuesday Secretary
W. M. Edgell mailed the challenge for the
Perpetual cup to Secretary J. C. Brickell
of the Corinthian Yacht Club. The race
must be sailed not earlier than thirty
days nor later than sixty days after the
receipt of the challenge, and between
May 1 and September 30. Yesterday after
noon the directors of the Corinthian
Yacht Club met in Secretary J. C. Brick
ell's office, accepted the challenge and ap
pointed a regatta committee, of- three to
make arrangements for the defense of the
trophy. : ..-.. vr._ :-;-. -. .. ....
sentatlve of the opposing club, but It \
not likely 'this will be dona In the nex
race for the Perpetual cup. On a smal
craft the representative is in the. way am
has to stay below in the cabin, where hi
has an uncomfortable time, cooped up i:
narrow limits. As the .whole cbanne
course is In full view there is really n<
need for each club to be represented 01
the boat of the other.
4G«ts Decision on a Foul.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 21.-Jack
Christy of Salt Lake, middle-weight, was
given the decision on a foul over Willard
Bean of Provo in the twelfth round of
what was to have been a twenty-round
contest at the Salt Lake Athletic Club to
night. ¦•
The Varsity nine will play the Olympic
Club baseball team for the first time to
morrow afternoon. The" good showing
made by the Stanford players in their
game with the San Jose Normal nine in
Ban Jose yesterday leads the college fans
to believe that the cardinal should win
from the clubmen to-morrow. The two
trams will line up as follows:
Olympics. Positions. Stanford.
J.-.nx-s ¦.'."..... Catcher.". . . . .". . :•.' McGllvray
I^anagan Pitcher.. Parker. Tritch
Tobin First base McKennon
Fuller Pecond base Covrden
McLaren Third base i Copp
Rltli^j Shortstop Crawford
Kharpe Left field Lcwenthal
Oa inmen Center Held Kellogg:
Wilkl.-.r Right field Knight
On junior day. March 28. the San Fran
risco profession team win play the Var
sity on the campus diamond.
Stanford Will Play Olympics.
The 1,'kiah High School track team will
compete with the sophomore athletes on
the campus oval to-morrow morning. M.
J. Weller and H. L. Hamilton are the
raptalns of the Ukiah and the '04 teams,
respectively. The following are the en
tries:
100-yard «3aeh — Ukiah. Hapans, Briggs; '04.
Hamilton. Luce, Bubb.
220-yard dash— Vkiah, Hasans, Cox; '04.
llcran, Hamilton, Luce.
440-yard run— Ukiah. G. Weller. Albertson.
\V>ekofI; "04. Dunn. Crossman, Fowler.
Hnjr-ni!1« run— Ukiah. Wyckoff, L. Henley,
EyrnrF: '04. Holmar.. Swlnerton.
Mile run — Ukiah. G. Weller: '04. fiurton.
120-yard hurdles— Ukiah, M. J. Weller. F.'
Thon-.as; "C4. Taylor.
220-ynrd hurdles— Uklah, M. J. Weller. F.
Thomas. Cox; '04. Taylor.
Pole vault— Ukiah. Seawell, Cox; *04, A. S.
tlertejr. Wi.itakcr.
Shot-put— Ukiah. Erljt^s; '04, Hyde.
llamm^r-throtv — Ukiah, Briggs, M. J. Weller:
•O4. Hyde. McWetfcy.
ilroad Junsi' — Ukiah. Hagans, .Weller, Sea
wall: "04. A. S> Henley. Main waring.
High jump — Ukiah, Sewall, Thomas; '04, A.
B. Uenlejr.
Ukiah-Stanford Athletes to Compete.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 2L—
In the second round Peter opened with
a left on the forehead and received one
on the jaw which sent him down for the
count. Gus then rushed Peter to the
ropes and after an exchange smashed
Maher again on the jaw. Maher looked
weak and was again rushed to the ropes,
with Ruhlin landing right and left. After
a few light exchanges Peter was again
sent to the ropes, with Gus jabbing him
repeatedly on the chin. - Gus then
smashed right and left to the jaw- and
Maher went down and out. The bell
found him on the floor and his seconds
carried him to his corner, completely done
for. He revived in a short time, however.
In the first round the men rushed to a
• clinch. Ruhlin jabbed his left to Peter's
face twice and they again came to a
clinch. Gus again jabbed his left to the
face and Peter returned his left* to Ruh
lin's ear. Several exchanges followed with
out particular damage. Maher then plant
ed a right on Ruhlin' s eye, bringing first
blood. The men were sparring when the
bell sounded the end of the round. •
a six-round go. and In the latter
part of the second round Maher. went
down and out on a hard left to the jaw.
Ruhlin had the better of the go as far
as it went, repeatedly rusning Maher to
the ropes.
PHILADELPHIA, March 21.— Gus
Ruhlin and Peter Maher met at the
Industrial Athletic Club to-night for,
Defeated Siogger Revives
Scon After His f Seconds
Take Him to His Corner
Right and Left Drives on
the Jaw Quick»y End ?
Rather Lively Cones'
RUHLIN PUTS
MAHEROUTIN
SECOND ROUND
Murderer Is Sentenced Again.
'VISALJA, March 21.— For the second
time Frank R. Donlan was to-day sen
tenced to death. He was brought from
San Quentln., Delays were caused by tha
efforts of his attorneys to save his life.
He will be hanged at San Quentln Fri
day, April ;i. .
ST. PETERSBURG. March 21.— Sine*
the rioting on Sunday the Minister of th«
Interior. M. SIplaguine, has received let
ters threatening him with death.
VIENNA. March 21.— The Tageblatt an
nounces the arrest In Warsaw of the
Russian General Prince Varkoff. who la
attached " to the staff of Grand I Duke
Sergius. on the charge of complicity in
the widespread revolutionary movement.
- Russian Official Threatened.
""We are : tired of this foollng^and can't
afford to dicker with Fitzsimmons any
longer. Our offer cf a $25,009 cash guar
antee Is the best ever made to a. defeated
fighter to meet his victor a second time.
'How '.-foolish we would be to ftld against
our own proposition when there are" no
competitors in the field. Fitzsimmons ar
rogates, to himself the right to dictate un
reasonable terms, and we wonlt stand for
it. There is only one conclusion to bo
drawn, and that is that he does not want
to fight Jeffries at all. Jeffries wants a
match, and wo have sent, a telegram- to
Sharkey, believing him to be tne only
other available man. If he '> comes -to
terms with us we shall go right on and
make preparations for a flght'in the'flrst
week of May." . . • V .• . ..^v, .
The negotiations of yesterday, in which
Fitzsimmons delivered his final derr.a id
for 75 per cent of the gate receipts and a
$25,000 guarantee, determined the club pf
flcials to drop' him. Thomas McCarey.
president of the Century Club, said > to
day: "" ' ' ".
LOS ANGELES. March 21.— It now looks
as though negotiations between the Cen
tury Athletic. Club and Fitzslmtnons were
off. The club is seeking anothe^ man-no
take his place and has ceased to consider
the" CornIshman;as ; a"probablHty. - -¦- -
• In line with this decision a message was
sent this afternoon to Sharkey with the
view of matching him against Jeffries for
a fight to take place in this 'city about
May 10. Jeffries Is anxious to fight, and
has all along been ready to accept ' the
offers made by the Century Club for th. 1 ?
match" with' Fitzsimmons. ' '
forts With Fits.
Club in Los Angeles "Wearies of Ef-
SHARKEY IS NOW INVITEI).
: v5v - Celebration of a Nevada
. . .-... .City.Beal.
, NEVADA, j March a.— The largest and \
most impoita'ni mining deal consummated "
in Nevada County in years took place to
day. . The Providence Gold- Mining Com
pany turned over its holdings to. the
dhampion" Gold "Mining Company.' ' The
deal Is Bard to have involved about $130,000.
During the progress of the transfer there
was* blowing o' whistles, raising of flags .
and a banquet to those interested. -
: The "sale means much for the city, as
the Champion, now has the most extensive
properties In Northern California, belng^
in posse'ssioR ¦ of - the Champion, Merrl
field, Wyoming, Nevada City, Spanish.
Providence and Ural mines, a. continuous
string of three miles on a rich lode.
NOTABLE GOLD MINE .
, NOW HAS NEW OWNEBS
Whistles Toot and Flags Flutter in
NEW YORK, March LI.— A Worlds
special from Paris says: Tod Sloan has
appealed to the code and would seek the
field of- honor. in the Bois de Boulogne as
a salve for hl3 wounded dignity. M. Tal
meyr,'In the -course of a critical study
of jockeys in genera.1. instanced Sloan as
the most' conspicuous example of a. cer
tain • class. He devoted several' para
graphs to Sloan personally, and then in a
mcralizinpr . mood deplored the modern
fooilshncss J of giving disproportionate
celebrity to "such unimportant, dull
witted trained mtmkeys. who have ify
brains, no manners, no purpose except to
wear flashy clothesand live a flashy life."
• Two versions are given as to how th«
funny challenge was received and whit
became of it.- One is. that M. Talme,yr
curtly refused to accept the challenge
from "that preposterous little man." Tho
other is that Sloan himself thought better
of It and refused to seriously consider the
matter after his anger had cooled.
a Dull Witted Monfcey and
":. Issues Challenge.
Little- Jockey Objects to Being Called
TOD SLOAN RESENTS *
• - : . . • A FRENCHMAN'S' INSTJXT
- In the second. round Erne stabbed Gard
ner with a straight left to. the eye and
then^fought him all over with : similar
blows. Gardner countered three times,
reaching the ear, the chest and the jaw.
All the blows were light. Erne put two
lefts to Gardner's jaw as the xound
closed,- the second -blow- being a vicious
one that shook Gardner badly. * '
The third round was a repetition of tha
first and second. . Erne put In his left tlma
and again,, blocking all of Gardner's
counters. Gardner went to his corner
badly used up. the blood pouring in a
stream from his nose.
The" fourth' and lifth rounds were a bit
livelier. Gardner attempted at times to
counter, but with poor success.
._Iu the Ia3t round Gardner was staggered
with a left on the jaw as soon as he left
his corner. Erne shot them in hard and
fast and Gardner backed around the ring,
trying to protect himself. Roused by ti»&
yells of the crowd; he made a brief stand,
sending his left to Erne's jaw, his right to
the ribs. A second later he caught Erne
on the back of. the heat" -with a right
hook, when Erne jabbed his nose with a
straight left.. For the rest of the round
he did nothing but take left punches in
the face.- — • - - - ¦ ¦ • \- .-
In the first, round Erne, after feinting
Gardn«r into helpless bewilderment, land
ed his left on the nose. Gardner clinched
and slapped Erne over the kidneys, hi3
only blow during the round. Erne put
four straight lefts to the mouth without
a return. He pounded Gardner's • nose
twice and then put two more hot ones on
the mouth, bringing blood. Gardner
backed around the ring with a frightened
look on his face and Erne kept close up,
putting in his left to the mouth and nose
whenever-he- stretched it out.
On the strength of his recent victory
over George McFadden. Gardner was
thought to have a good chance with Erne,
but he put up a very poor fight. He waa
throughout on the defensive, and it waa
a decidedly Inferior defense at that. Dur
lngthe first five rounds Gardner did not
average a lead to a round, depending en
tirely on counters, which Erne blocked
almost invariably. In the, last, round
Gardner, spurred to action by the hoots of
the crowd, started in to fight, and Erne
promptly battered him all around the
ring. Gardener then went back to his oid
defensive tactics.
CHICAGO. March 21.-Frank Erne was
given the- decision over Gus Gardner
of Philadelphia at the end of six
rounds to-night. The fight waa
Erne's from _ the. start and the issue was
never In doubt. - ¦ ¦¦¦,
Toward End of the Con
;.. test the Crowd Shows
' Its Di- pleasure by Hooting
Stands Up for Six Rounds
" Before -Frank Erne, but
.-Is* Never in the Battle
Sponge in the Eleventh., ¦
Rufe Turner, "of Stockton stopped Jack
O'Brien in the twelfth round of their bout
after the NejT Yorker had takeji an in
credible amount of punlshmerttT. "
' Four times the gong sounded "corners'}
and saved him from being knocked :o,ut.
In . the last -round O'Brien was knocked
down with clean blows three- distinct
times, staying down four seconds, six sec
onds and again four seconds. When he^
regained his feet the last time he stag
gered blindly- toward his corner ar.d his
seconds threw up a towel as a. signal of
defeat.- After his long career in thejring i
O'Brien has never been absolutely
knocked out. . , . ¦ '¦
. There was some delay after the .Tflrst
fight, and in response to impatient calls
from the gallery "Billy" Jordan stepped
in the ring and announced: •> *
"Gentlemen— O'Brien overslept himself
and has just reached the pavilion. Ho
will be in the ring in a few minutes.'' v
After the fight' commenced**a- whisper
went through the house to the effect tnat
O'Brien had been drinking. .He seemed
slow to think and to act, throughout. the
right. He made up for this by -his ganie
ness and by his ability to take punish
ment. : - *.=*• * ' \
Turner was in splendid condition -and
had the fight well in hand from the start.
Once or twice O'Brien reached him and
hurt him. but he recovered qtltckly.
: In the first round Turner did -the best
% work. . TowaTd: the end. of the round .he
staggered • O'Brien with a right to |j the
head, nearly; ending the fights then. and.
.there. ¦-= •. ';,¦...>'. ., ...'-' r ••-.'•; ¦ . t; r ...
• In the : second round Turner' was I a^
quick as. a" cat. 1 .He. missed "three wild'
swings In succession. ' In breaking away
after a clinch Turner-falrly lifted O'Brien
off his ;feet with, tv. right. He followed
this with a right to the. head, and O'Brien
seemed online verge of going out. Turn»r
was apparently awaitlnic-an opportunity
to send his right to the Jaw. but dld-hot
Isucceed. - At the end of the round O'Brien
was doing the fighting but did -no dam
age. ¦ , . ffi . '¦ ''
The third round was a sensational one.
Turner scored twfee with his left ;»nd
knocked O'Brien down with- a fight to the
head." He was up in two . seconds , and
Turner chased him around '-the ring.
O'Brien fought back savagely. A rjgnt
to the head hurt Turner. O'Brien follow
ed this up with a right to head; -followed
by a left that staggered Turner. O'BHen
wrestled Turner to the floor..' the latter
taking eight seconds on the mat. Both
n>eri were tired when- the gong : sounded.
. They slowed dow.n : ln the fourth. Turner
apparently resting, j He tried for a right
cross and landed once, but; did no dam
age. They starte-:! faster in the .fifth,. but
no damage was done during , the round.
O'Brien kept boring in all thq time.'but
he was doing no appreciable damage.
'Turner kept plugging away at him in the
sixth and again the gong . saved him.
Turner fought "under a wrap" in the
seventh, shut lanGed often. enough to daze
O'Brien. O'Brien <- tired j badly in -"th*
•Jglith.. In the ninth ha was all but out.
Turner sending, rights «nd Ieft3 to head
and- body In a perfect shower." •••»
In the tenth Turner knocked O'Brien to
his knees with a left to the head. He
followed this with a right to the jaw and
two lefts, sending O'Brien down for five
seconds. Turner kept sending in his right
with the regularity of a steam hammer.
The eleventh was a slow round. The end
came in the twelfth. ...
The curtain rals-er was intended for a
fcur-round fight, but- Cyclone Keliy
punched Charles Hawiey to a standstill
in the second round. Hawley was ap
parently knocked out. .
New Yorker's Seconds Throw Up the
TURNER STOPS O'BRIEN.
landing the most blows in.^a slugging
match*, to the surprise of the spectators.
" Bpth.-men- slowed down In the deventh.
no damage being done. Neill opened pro
ceedings in the eighth by-stepping in with
a hard left. Ferns came' back with a .left
to the body that could be heard all ovet
the; house. ;
. Neill' went after him in th» ninth; but
could; not make him stop. Ferns com
menced using his left, to the body hard
and 'XeiU seemed unable to block It.
Ferns-kept this up In the tenth, scoring
frequently. NelU startea slugging and
sent Ferns down for eight seconds with
a- straight, right. •
" The eleventh was an uneventful round.
hut It. was only the calm before the storm.
Neill turned loose' his battery in the
twelfth and Ferns went out.
CALIFORNIAN KNOCKS OUT FERNS IN TWELFTH ROUND
OF A SENSATIONAL BOUT AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION
GLJS GARDNER
MAKES A VERY
POOR SHOWING
GUS RUHLIN, F. ERNE AND AL NEILL WIN THEIR RESPECTIVE FIGHTS
5
THE. §A^ gFR^
NKW ; VORK.Mnrch;21.;i-Jn theVprpfes
sion^l.- pool C tournament -An • Brooklyn - to
night : William .Wenrick of New York de
feated -Irving )LonK'0f--Nashville;-T6nn
125 to u7.' and ''Jerome R.Keogh: of Buf
falo; defeated Grant Eby !r 6f Springfield
Ohio, 12S to J>7." !¦ : '¦••••¦ ..... ¦_• '
' Championship 'Pool Tournament.
". CHICAGO.- March 21.—A challenge for a
balloon .race In Chicago, 'to be held as^a
preliminary ' event to the' $200,000 aerial
sleeplechasos at ..the ' St. . Loiiis Worlds
Fnlr. ofliXW. was sent to-night to SantoV-
Dumont.;at Paris,' ' France,- by Tophllus
Williams, of -Chlcngo.- Rules and regula
tions? similar, to -thos»o that are to be In
vogue at the St., Louis , Fair grounds will
govern >the» contest;
:.- Several. .tests ; of ¦ Chlca^oans' ." machines
arc saitV to have been made.' ' ... . ; ;-¦-¦.? '¦
Challenge ¦ for) Balloon Race.
Second ..-race, selling, four- furlongs— Step
Around won, Julia Ll.«le second, - Royal De
ceiver third. .Tlme/;:5iy,. . .
Third race, relllnff, one mile and on olghth—
Dr. Steihens won, Swordsman • second Ma tor
Man^lr third. Time, .1 :59Vi: . : * \" .
'^Fourth race, handicap.- one mile— Loftcr won
rlva nice - second, Johnuy. . McCarthy • thlrj!
Timp. 1 :44|^.^ "...*-"
Fiflhraoe. six, furlonirs — Purrho-won Marie
Boll s?cond.: Moderator third.'- Time. 1:17.
,-* Sixth rnc?. one mile- and seventy yards
JeMl«»; Jnrbpe won. Imp. All-ula eec'ond Free
AdmlsHlon third. l:»r)i*,<- ; ,. V
- Svventh race. -one- 'mile and an eighth Horn
age won, Jna - Doughty second. Socaria' third '
Time, 1 :50}A. •¦¦•-¦ ' ";. - . ' , , s *.
Fhst : race.. one and a sixteenth miles— Gau-
Sr'd "'t 1 ' VC '5 Ljibor second. Rc&e of May
Racing Results at " New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. ,Man-h 21.— Crescent Cltj
summary:
• Fifth race — Six furlongs, ¦ selling; three-year
olds and upward. . ~. .--^' •' *- :¦ -
<34. r »8)T. of Candles. 94. 3462 Captivate ....-91
3429 MUsIon 90 3470 Botany ...... !U
3470 February 1»4* 344g' Vantlne . ; 97
HZIO Sly ...... 109 3172 Goal Runner.. 105
3131 ttoUblet 105i , v ¦ > .^.-
Fcurth race — Five furlongs, "Western Produce
stakes, two-year-olds; $6000 added.
(31C3)Thaddeus ....112 3461 Katanga .....105
3410 The Fog 10(1 3437 The Forum... 106
3410 Sylvia Talbot.116 3451 Vinctldes 106
(34Cl)Deutschland .113 (3204)Orfeo .113
' 34C1 Maxnic ......115 .
Third race — One niile, sellingr; . three-year
olds and upward. • <
3477 Irate .... .....100 j 345S Einstein 10.J
3455 La Borgia.... 95 346« Kxpedlent ... 98
34CKJ Pencil Me «» 3459 Tlzona .......101
3445 Frldofln . 92 34C0 l>r. Bernays.. 88
3457 Free I Lance.. .107 3453 Gawaine .....103
3466 Jingler ...::. 85 . . .
Second race— Six and a half furlongs, selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
.-!l«r» S of TarsuH..110| a4. r )S Dr. Boyle... ..110
-454 Gusto ...1131 34M- Mike Strauss. 110
: i:tl4 Royil Prl^..ll0l .TO5.R. d« Cuba...lf»8
SlOtt Rose of Hllo.lOSl 3318 riaUn .......110
} The great Western Produce stakes, val
ved at'$9S85, will be the feature the
card at Oakland to-day. :
Lady Meddlesome, winner of the fifth
c vent was bid up . from $200 to $600 by
Hillv 'Magrane. The stable retained her.
Following are the entries: n J
Firft race— SIX; furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward.
....o. T'liired 105 1 3449 The Weaver. .105
: xi -u Kat Walcott. 108 1 3472 Ada N 109
W* Durian A - - . -"» »*T0 Jerld 113
•4WJ San Venado..ll» 342« Foul Play 108
34«7 il*nt. Peeress. 3t 3+WI King Dellis...ll3
S»U MW Chimes.. 108. 339* Prestano ..... 0«
Track Notes.
. The .Sexton: Park plate was -won by
Wolfe's Hall (Martin), Rushlight (Maher»
was second and Little Widow -was third
This opened the way for the Grand Na
tional steeplechase,, of 2525 sovereigns, a
handicap for flve-ycar-olds and upward
distance about four miles and S5G yards.-
This -race was won I by ; Shannon Lass.
Matthew was second and Manifesto was
third.. 'Twenty-one horses ran. None of,
the favorites secured a place.- . > • ¦
The three placed horses started, respec
tlv 2\%A at 'P t* 1 . 1 against, 50 to 1 against
and <10 to 6 against. Drumcro, the favor
ite, never showedin front. A horse with
a very -similar name, Drumree. led to the
beeches, where Barsac drew to the front
but gave way over the water to Helium.
Then Matthew assumed the lead, but was
passed at the last fence. by Shannon Lass
who won by. three lengths. The same dis
tance separated • the second and -third
horses. ' •
- LIVERPOOL,-; March 21.-Sportsmen
turnctj out; In force to-day to see the
Grand National steeplechase run, though
the Interest of. the general public" In the
event. waned with the scratching of King
Edward's .entry. Ambush II, and th<j
knowledge' that his Majesty consequently
would not. at tend the meeting.
WiriaT From Field by Three
Lengths. r ; ; -
5hannon Lass, a Twenty to One Shot.
rAVORITE IS BEATEN
IN THE STEEPLECHASE
.'¦:'¦). Selections for To-Day.
•
. First race-1-Foul Play," The Weaver, Montana
Peeress. " " • .'•: • ...--•-
Second race—Dr. Boyle, Reina de Cuba, Saul
'of Tarsus. ¦
.Third race—Dr. Bernays. Gawalne, Tlzona.
• Fourth race—Schrelber stable, Maxnlc, The
Fon:m. ; ..... .
• Fifth race —Doublet. Tower of Candles. Sly.
Sixth race—Dlomed, Oscar Totle, • John Mc-
Gurk. .' ;• , ¦ v ; '
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Friday, Mirch : 21.-Weathcr fine. Track good.
3473. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds; to first. $325.-
I ~ f* ~~ ' ~~~ .'"...'.•) '¦ ~ ¦ Betting.
IndexfHorse and Welght.iSt. %. ' %. Str. : Fin. '.Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3431 Yrsula 117 1 1 .1 1 C 1 5 16 J.-C. Nealon. .Birkenruth 3 16-5
..-.. Flitting 112 5 6 1 '61 41 2 ns J ,D L,ucas. .. Matthews 16 30
32f>9 Knockings 117 2 32 YZ'-M * V* 34 Earl ; & Co.... Hoar 10 15
3431 BaJtest 114 4 6 6 6 1 6 1 ? Vi B. Schrelber. ... .Jackson .~-« 10
S1S8 Robt. Bonner II.. 114 8 2^21 S % 6 n P. E. Smith. ... .J. Daly 40 r>0 ...
El Pllar .....117 875 72 62 02 Burns & Watrhs.Ransch 6 «. .
31C2 George Whitney.. .117 7 82 8 1 8 2 7 4 F. Phillips .....Troxier . .10 4
3209 Meteoro : 112 6 4 i 4 1 7 1 8 1 Cohen & McKlnnlp.Brod 40
8209 Tibs 117 11 10 3 10 5 0 1 9 1. McDonald* Dunlap..See 20 30
3305 Lana 112 O »5 9 1 10 2 10 2 Chinn & Forsythe.Conly 0 «
.... Headstrong 114 10 11 11 11 11 ¦ A. B. Spreckels. ..Foucon 0 15
.... Axminster ,. 117 ',» . . ..-•¦¦ i\. . . . ...'..¦''•'¦ W. D- Randall.. .Spargur 6 5
Time— %, :2*%; %.' :B0; %, 1:03. Bad start. Won easily. Second and i third driving. :
Winner, J." C. Nealon's ch. f. by Anchorite or Salvator- Sardonyx. Winner received best
probably^best. "Excused. 1 .•'¦' ¦¦¦ _-_._. LlltU w^J^— i-~_-^w
3474. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; to first. $325. "" •
I "~ r ~ ~ T~~ • • • .. Bettln*.
Index Horse and Weight; St. %. %. Str. >.- Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. • Cl. .
(8433) N'Iprette .103 4 ... 4h 1 2~ 1 1 Jennings & Co..L. Daly 1-2 11-20
3427 Escarola ' 100 .!5 ... 5 0 3 V& ' 2 % -' Baldwin & Co. .Ransom 12 12
8415 Tom Mitchell 105 2 ¦ ..." In 2 1 3 2 ' G P.' McNeil.. . .Ransch 5 . 8
.-.450 Clarinette 101 1 ... 22 4 1 4 2 H. J. Jones.... Hoar 15 30 -'
3433 Gulda .....101 3 .. 3h' C10 6 10 A. B. Spreckels.Blrkrthl . 4 19-5
3461 Ray of Silver 107 C ... 6n 0 3 0 2 F. Thompson..... Tullettl . SO 1C) ;
8262 Dismay- 101 7 ... 7 7 7 Collins &. Co. .. .Jacksonj 10 ' 25 . .
Time — %. :24%: ¦%. :49. Fair start.* Won first three driving. Winner. ,\V. B. Jennings &'
" Co.'s blk.' f. by Midlothian-Twinkle. Nlgrette best. Escarola might have done better with
"a rider up. ' . . ,. 1 • . • -
3475. THIRD RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling; threc-year-o!ds and up; to Hrf t. $325. '
Index Horse, . Age. Weight. St. \i. %. Str/ '• Fin. Owner nnd, Jockey. Op. Cl. .
3455 Lento. 3 98 8 ' fln- 4 1 1 hi 12 Neil & Blazer. .Jackson * 2 7-5
3421 Har. Thatcher. 5.100 1 5 1 -3 n 3 % 2 h " W Johnson...' See 10 15 '
3441 Windward. 0 ....112 0.7 1 7n Cl 3 3 Hennessy ACo. ...Feary 15 15
3455 Rasp, 4 :..1O5 4 2% 2 3 2^42 Howley & Co.Blrkenruth 8 " 10
3445 Billy Lyons, 4 105 10 . 8 h 8 1 «2 6 1 J B. Bortano..A. Kelly 6 : 10
3406 Senator Matts. 0.109 2.31 5171 62. H- L. Haskell. ...Foucon 15 '20 '
Mlstleton. a ....110 5 11 10 1 8 1 7 1" Elmwood Farm.. .Conley 5 ' 10
3445 Elmer L. 4. .... .100 12 10 h 9 1 9 1 8 5 Klunder & Burns. Ransm 12 15 V
3421 Jim McCIeevy. 0..110 .'{ 9 1 11 10 2 0 2 J Coffcy.. :..... .Hansch « ' 5
.... Straggler, a 107 11 1 1%»1 I 1 4 % 10 3 O. W. Boesecke..TToxler in " 23
3144 Melkarth. a 107 0 41 6 1.11 11 .: M." Quinn Stuart 15 \ m r :
8422 Invlctua. 4 .'..... 103| 7 » , .,•'..'. ... J. Wlls-on . . . .Wlnslette 10 * 10
Time— V<. :24>4; %. :49%;'%. 1:16; m,' 1:43; lm 50yds. 1:46. Good -start. Won nrstthreo
driving. Winner, Nell & Blazer's ch. c. by Drum Major-Brayura. Winner best. Thatch
' er hard to guess. Billy, Lyons badly ridden. •Fell. . • .}?';.x~- :¦¦'¦<: •¦ ':>: v i
;t47O.: FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;.^three-year-olds: to -first. $.'I25. ••¦¦ ¦
index Horse % and AVeight. St.. %. %'.'. Str. "' Kin.' I '"Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci.
3211 Rubus .......' 112 6 2*18411 12 Chlnn &-Forsythe..C«>nly 4-6 7-10
3432 Rubino 114.2 3 2 3 3 3 2 2 1 Bowley & Co ...Prior 0 12
2255 " K. M. Brattain...ll4 3. 11^1% 2 1, 8 2 W. L. Stanileld.. Foucon 3 5
(.*!348) Mildred Schulte... 112 5 4 1. 4n 42 4 2 H. I. Wilson. .. .Spargur > n : -.KH'~
¦3443 Lemuel ...... 112 8 71 Oh' 5 1 6n W. II, Ketcheman..Adms 50 : CO'
3455 Snowtoerry :..112 4 .6 Vi .5 h' . « 2 B % H. H. Egbert. .Blrkenrth 20 *>5
3460 Larry Wilt....... 117 7 9 % 7 2 7 2 , 1 1 - T.' H. Stevens. . .Jackson 0 -' 10
3455 Baldo-;::.. ....... 109 1-01-8% 8:i 8 4" B. Schrelber Ransch 10 «>0
.M4.« Pirate Maid.'. ....107 10 .10 . »2 0 1- 9 1 .. - C- W. Chappell..:.Stunrt M)" : "00
3455 Syce ..100 9 8 2 10 10 10 j. p. Lucna.. .Fauntleroy ICQ 200
Tlme^-V4.->24?i: %.:49^: %, 1:1«. Good start. Won easily. Second ami. third, driving
¦Winner. Chlnn & Forsythe's b. f. by Bramble- MerWen. Winner heft. Rubino Improvln
; E. M. Brattaiti quit. Scratched — Estado 117, Dawson 100/ • ' ' . ' ; . ; _, ¦¦¦"[¦ .
«477. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling: three-year-olds and. up; to first, JOSsTT" •
IndexjHor»e. Age. ¦tt-eight. St. Yt. Va- Str. Fin. Owner and' Jockey. , ''o^>?V-^CIr'-'>''
Ci450) Ldy Med'BOme.-0:.i07 4 1 2 ; l.h 1 1%-'1 1". A. G. Blakeley.'...Tackson 7-6 \ 8-5 -
3459 Llmelght. «....;.. 107 tt 4 2 4 1 3 . %¦ 2 I . Magfane A Co:..Troxler 0 - ill -
:U5n GrandiSachem, a.. 107 151 5 2 4 I .3 B J. J. Moran.. .Blrkenruth • -5 it •»
3452 El Mldo.,6 100 3 8. S 61 44 J.S.Campbell. Uoar 4-4
.".422 Hungarian. «;.... 100 5 2h 2 1 .2. h 6 1 G, W." Millar.. Matthews 10 "r.
3452 Essence.. 5....... .107 8 ,3-2 3 h. 62 04. Burns &,Waterhs.. Ranch 15" o!)
3441 Irate. 4.. •:..;.... 103 2 Cl 62 7 2' 7 2 Dufgton & McAtse. Daly iaiV ?<
«:-:62 Constable. 3.1 ...102 1. 7 >& 7 1 8^ 8 Musto & Rulz.^^b-tuart %'ji .
Time— V*. :24',4; %. :49% ; %. 1:1714; mile. 1:43: lm 50yds.. 1:45%. «*o«d" start r Wo"n '¦¦
cleverly,. Second and third driving. .Winner, A. G.Blakeley'B, b.m. by Meddler-Little L«d>r
II. Winner best. Limelight ran. to form. So did Grand Sachem.' Scratched— Free Lance •
3478. SIXTH .RACE-^Futiirlty course: yelling: four-year-olds and upr to first. |-125
IndcxjHorse; Age. Weight. St. %: '..-%." Str.' -Fin. ; Owner ..and <Jockoy.-. 0^;".'"^''
3180 Mallak.wa.-C... ...ion 8 5»/4-2n 1 1', l.l- t>. Cameron. :. :":..Conlev "in- . -t
34.52 Skip Me, 4........ S«v ,0 . ,'4 1 '4.h: 2 h 2 1: . Covlngton.ft Co..Blrkrth (51 '¦
3004 Fondo. 4.:. .......105 2 7 %. C ¦ fc 4 i/ s 3 h v * P/.O. I^nch.....Troxlfr ' CO ' rn " : ;
3301 Loving Cup. a.... 108 » !» 1 :8 I . 5 1 V 4"«// G.\ W'; Mlller..;Matthew* f! ¦i'!»
3450 Bonltary.'4».-;....J02 1l ? 10. ? .. 0 1 6 2 5 h- .". Charles Albert. ..-.Stuart ICO •Kin :
3413 Pupil. 5.. :...:... .105 7 ', 3 h 3 1 3 n -. ' n 2 • C. Llnd'. •.-...'. .:::J.«Oaly — r -
2S50 Lief Prince,: 4.... 104 4 ¦ 8 1 ... 10 " . 7 3 ' 7 :: . F.H.. Weir. .-....'• Hoar in '/•'
224<l Canderos. 5.. ...... 110 5 11 .12 SI s~2 .lerinlngR & Co. :-.L* Daly • • 1 t
3244 Valencienne.: a... .101) -I. « Vi " 9 1 Qulnlan & Peck. .Koucon '•! n^
3250 Bogus mil. 5..V..110 10 -11 11 11 10 1 '¦ S. F Capp.. Frawlev Vn ' -5'
'8413 iCath.Bravo. 4;.. 03 ,3 g 1 0 1 9 1 11 . ¦>.¦ J. l\.Atkln :.£.'.. nansch • 10 : , - ;'s '
Tlme--To ¦«// :22; ?to^%; ! :i7V4:' last.%,'l:03:' s hort. «-. 1:13. : ; Go^i'^tnVt^AVon- first .•ihr^V-'
4r ving.^ -Winner, D. Cameron's ch. c, by Inverness-Mlssoula. :V MHllakwa ' stood- -i h.tri '
drive. 'Sklp'Me Ret v his < alarm-clock, at an earllqr,hour. Lovlns- CuoiiT haril' w.v ¦
Scratched-The Fiddler 101. :/: _ V 'V . .„ .' ,- . ?-* :? , hard ' lu^ -/ !
THIE3 O-AXjIu'S RAOINa FORM CHART.
Sixth race— One mile, selling-; three-year-olds
and upward.
3475 Invlctus ......»* 3457 Dean Swift... 101
3463 Com." Forster. 07 3235 Oscar Tolle...lU3
:»4i.5 John McUurk. 94 (¦ < t4<*i6)Artilla .......103
.1458 Dlomed 10C 3420-KUgar. : 103
8470 Quadra...... 89 (3449)Huachuca ... 97
AL NEILL, THE CALIFORNIA BOXER WHO CLeVeRLY DEFEATED RUBE FERNS LAST NIGHT, AND SOME
¦ OF, JTHE, CHARACTERS SEEN ATJTHE ¦¦RINGSIDE 1 ;IN:-<WOOpWARD'S PAVILION? BY' THE CALL'g CARIC
v J aTU rist DURING THE X PROGRESS OF THR. SENSATIONAL CONTEST. . /-<—¦>-** • »U>^ > . ,r • - .
EV"E3STTS -OF iETRIID^Y \A.T TKEE3 &©^KIj^ISnD' I^OETPt^OK:
/ '
OVER a track inclined to be cuppy
no fault could be found with the
performances of favorites at
Oakland track yesterday. Five
straight marched past the wire
first and the ring received a severe
scorching. The attendance was large and
all partook of the love" feast, if the tales
of woe related by the pencilers could be
believed.
Birkennith, on Yrsula, favorite for the
opening maiden event, beat the bairier
nearly half a doien lengths, winning off
by himself. Flitting, a 30 to 1 shot, rid
den by "Jess" Matthews, nosed out
Knockings tor the place. El Pilar, George
Whitney and Axminster were . all well
backed. • - • ,
A small field of six started in the half
mile dash for two-year-olds, with Nigrette
ruling an 11 to 20 favorite. Larry Daly
had the leg . up and after getting away
from the. post none too well, downed Es
carola a length. In the betting the latter
filly's odds were forced down from 25 to
12, and «he narrowly escaped landing.
Tom Mitchell was third. , ' \
At last, after more trials and tribula
tions than were encountered by Henry M.
Stanley in "Darkest Africa," '.'Jim" .Neil
finally won a race with Lento. The colt
went to the post a 7 to 5 favorite for the
first mile ana fifty yard run, and through
Jackson's clever riding beat Harry
Thatcher two lengths. Windward ran
Rubus, from the Chlnn & Forsythe
stable, apparently possessed the speed of
the starters in the fourth event and was
rightfully installed a 4 to 5 favorite.
"Longshot" Conley rode a perfectly rated
race on the filly, taking the lead In the
stretch and running In two lengths before
Rubino, a 12 to 1 chance. E. M. Brattaln,
a well played one. ran third. -
Andy Blakeley's useful -, mare", Lady
Meddlesome, made tt^four straight by
capturing the second mile and fifty yard
run. She made all the running and then
won • easily from Limelight. Grand
frp.chem finished third.
The concluding Futurity course sprint
•-^suited inCa dump for Lhe talent. Mal
iaitwa a 15 to I chance backed down to
7 disposed of Skip Me, a 100 to 1 shot, by
a' length. Valencienne, the favorite, made
a -poor showing and Canderos also per
formed badly, l
AL NEILL. knocked out the redoubt
able "Rube" Ferns of Kansas last
night In Woodward's' Pavilion in
the twelfth round; of. one of. the
most sensational fights ever seen here.
Ferns shared honors with Jack. O'Brien
in the matter of taking punishment.- It
seemed impossible for flesh and blood to
withstand the buffeting those two boxers
did. ¦¦•¦¦... ..' '
Xeill did not escape unhurt, as he had a
big discoloration just over his kidneys,
caused by the frequent . visitation of
Ferns' glove. The, Calif ornlan won.be-.
cause he could think quicker than could
his opponent and. was by. far the'cleverer
boxer. Both were in splendid condition,
but Xeill was said to have a decided pull
iri^the weights, although he did not look
heavier than his stocky opponent. Ferns'
recuperative powers were the marvel of
the spectators., . . •
The attendance was the largest ever
seen in Woodward's Pavilion, there being
barely standing room In -any part of thp
house. It was the, first professional tour
nament of the Hayes -Valley Athletic
Club, and the spectators had more than
a run for their money. -. .
The blow which sent Ferns to his knees
and to defeat in the twelfth round was a
right-hand uppercut on the chin. A mo
ment before just such a blow landed and
dazed the Kansas man. Nelll/Vas perfect
ly cool and poised himself for the decisive
blow. It landed on the vulnerable point
and Ferns dropped -to his- hands and
knees. He groped about aimlessly while
Referee Ed Smith counted* eight. His
seconds then rushed into the ring and car
ritd him to his corner. There were cheers
-for the victor, and then more cheers for
the vanquished. Certainly no gamer man
and no harder fighter ever entered a rine.
!„ t£ en the « sone eent the men together
in opening round Ferns was the first'
tn fhi^H action, sending right and left
J.«n? -K^y- Hv forced NeUl to the ropes
? Sit «f t * C0 . rne f and etirred "P a» "eat
hf,f £ d - , N * lthe r man tried to guard,
hodv \" ng right and left a t he a* and
anrtviu "" was the flr8t t0 back away,
td n , th«r a K l een qulte talm and collect
m«'nfn«r v ffh ne ra tner enjoyed the lively
milling, terns tried a right and left to
f™ 1 !*! ai !, d fo r e . ed NeUl.to the. ropes.
*erns missed a vicious uppercut
to thl^^, s econd round P^erns sent the left
sent \ h u!£ ? nd Z ieh £ to the body.Neiil
sent a lett to the body in return and
jabbed with his left to the face
ihe third saw a renewal of the slusdne
Jo e d a o n wn at tl ?* B U s l emed »ome one must
fh. H«» S nd K Out - Tney fousht- an over
the ring, both men weathering the storm
thT?m\. F i rns ;Jf ept after Ws man all
the time. In this round . he showed a
nf,^ SiV 1 ??. 0 5r r ba ckha»d blow which
puzzled N«I1|. Near the end of the round
Ferns staggered Neill with a right upper
f™rt r £ S S as ? asaIn , the a&STessor in ! tha
° u " L . H e started with a right and left
to the head and did some effective work
in the clinches. He missed a hard right
uppefcut. Ferns sent a -'left, to the hlad
which barely missed being a knockout
punch. Toward the end of the round both
men were jabbing. . . , . I
Ferns had a hard. Journey in the fifth. I
He started well, sending a shower of 1
blows at Neill. who blocked them all with
his gloves. Neill sent his right across to*
the Jaw and missed a left. In a slugging,
match both went down. Ferns got the
worst of the mix-up and was knocked
down with a right to the Jaw. He stayed
oown eight seconds.- No sooner- was- he
on his feet than, he was again knocked
flat on his back with a straight right.
He stayed down eight seconds and the
gong saved him from being counted out.
His seconds worked hard over Ferns
during the, minute rest 'and he made a
wonderful showing In the sixth round
Neill went In to finish him and tried for
a right cross. Ferns fought him back.
A D TEBTTSEBIENTS.
New Life
for Men
Marvelous Nerve Force Imparted
by a New and Startling Discov- .
ery— Every Weak, Nervous or
Enfeebled Man Should
Give It a Test.
FREE ON TRIAL.
Sesd Tonr Ntne and Address To-Day and Be
Strong and Vigorous Al! Yonr Lift.
A *-ell known professor has made the fortu-
nate discovery that what has heretofore been
known as Lost Manhood. Rheumatism. Back-
eche. Kidney Troubles. Early Decay. Lack of
Nerve Force and Vigor. Nervous lability and
,Lost Vitality are all due to paralysis of the
g # 1 -T"Kj%B5/p^ j?--' ' - V ¦: '¦' ; > "",¦/ • -" !j- '¦*' *' '/ ¦* «:¦ ¦'" ¦-.¦*•*; *¥v-^- %9|REh
jB^^SIkS^*'' '* ' ' ' '" ¦¦**"-¦ '¦¦ i**v ¦ ' : *' '"^y <^ ; ' >^X!^ S^^B^flt
wBBmE^WJ?^-^' v : ¦ ' ' : ' : --' ' " ¦ ¦ ¦!*« - *-¦¦¦•¦-""'¦¦¦" ¦'¦¦¦ '¦ 'Y'-ifl'
• ¦ ¦ "¦' '"" iSCjff&fzt^l'^^^^f^'^^^c ' ¦¦" - " - ¦ ' ' ' '" " : " J^^^^S
->¦¦¦ ¦ - -^^^^B^SSHS^SSSSHwF^^Hth! * * j*.r*^4Tjl
innctcr i ad P&tentee. Oct. en, 1»C1
r.trvrs, which ran be quickly cured by electrici-
ty; Its unseen current puts life and force Into
whatever it touches. The constant, steady life
extended »>>¦ my new Electric lrfvlirorator gives
invtant *-lief and n«rver fails t« cure. - ;
The Invijorator has an indicator, arrange-
ment ehowlnK tho patient how much current he
Is uslns and dvlnt? the -amount necessary for
«^ch caw?. The first day's use • will convince
that you have at last found new life. Every
week I am receiving wonderful teetlmonlals
from graterul men after failing with electric
beltR. medltin*^.. etc. I do not»ask you to take
my word for it or any one cisc's. but eend your
name to-<3ay and I will send nay new Electric
invlporator to you for a trial In your own home
absolutely free.
AddrefcH l»r«r. a'. Chr»tal. 2S8 rostofflce
Klock. Marshall. Mich., as he is anxious to have
every man know for hlmwlf Juki what this
new and marvelous InvlKoralnr will do. Send
your name : and address to-day without fail for
* freeyrUl of this most wonderful In vigor a tor.
The •¦Morhifrg's Mourning
As-George Ade says, in his new opfera, "Ki-Raa:" ' -
"It is no time for mirth and laughter
• .' - 'The cold tray dawn of the moraiasr after." •
A fur overcoat on your tongue; '/hair on your teeth;*' a taste "as if a cat
': •'• . . **^fc^*">v **A~ ¦•^ la d littered 'in "your mouth;** nerves a-trem-
lJ #' y ble; aching hair; a "best-head of splitting
4^f*J%\ \ ) s £ on 3 r> " appetite — nose"; movement of the
bowels — not a sign; present (unwelcome vis-
.itor), Gen. R. E. Morse. Never do it again,
- ¦£¦ ""- y^; - f en ' Oh yes, you will. -
jfjfo _j*J'*' V I "The Devfl was sick; the Devil a monk would b<5,
''*'¦''¦ lflu&!& 1 '^T^' Devil got well; the Devil a monk was he," ¦
\ (&AV and a Cascaret , three tin3es °a the day of
l^m 'Jr^^r^U. *^d] miserv . wa l make you Avell. But, for goodness
jw' f saJce » be wise, up to the century", and the next
V - \ tinie y ° U S ° ° Ut With th ° b ° 5 * s » eat to ° much «
V l^i^^MfuL^ I drink too much, irritate your stomach, block
/l^ y ° Ur bowels > doa ' t f orrjet that you can pre-
¦ J^^W^^ J\ Vent tIle '. <mora i n S' s raourning" by taking
y^^W^^^^ a ascaret Candy Cathartic before you goto
J^/~^^S x^^^^^S >^Lr^' * >C<^' he >' u " orI< while you sleep a=d make
•^y iX^^^^^^X^ yOU awake bright as a new dollar in the
1 . yf\i *¦— BiT/' '¦'['¦ '¦'•' ' niorning. ¦ Always carry a box in your pocket,
— *^# ihf~*\^ W/ I '¦' a °^ have another on your dresser and another
n4fX Bc8t or t^i Bowels.' All . drujgists, iac, asc, 50c. Kever told ifl bulk.
LwtTVv* Wirvag The £s nuine t»blet sttmped C C C. Guaranteed ta cure or your money
• iT. ¦ 7, • ' - ¦•B.w>u..^h~.i.i.|f rrf Address . • •;
T-w-im-nSS^": Stcrlina Remedy Company. Chie««o or New Yori. &OFrom Los Angeles— Mrs. Qorson, Miss-
Corson. at the Grand; R. H. Page; at the
Marlborougb, ' /¦" -. . ;
From San Francisco— G, E. Lawrence,
at the Herald Square; G. Aldrich and H.
Wuechak, at the. Belvedere; J. Piggott,
at .the Vendome. • V
NEW YORK. March 21.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York:
Calif ornians in New York.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The follow
ing. CaTlf ornians registered at the hotels
to-day: At the Wlllard— W. H. Sinclair
of Los Angeles. and J. Clerfayt of San,
Francisco; at the Shoreham— C. M. Sad
ler and Miss Sadler of San Francisco; at
the St. James— M. Perkins and J. Dudley
of San Francisco; at the National— R. O.
Lincoln and S. Thompson of San Fran
cisco and T. Phillips of Los Angeles.
Calif ornians in Washington.
Fred C. Finkle, a well-known consult-'
Ing engineer of Los Angeles, is staying
at the Palace.
Charles E. Swezy, an. attorney of
Marysville, is at the Grand with hla wife.
Dr. A. M. I(\ McCullough. a prominent
physician of Los Angeles,- is at the.
Grand. « . . - - ¦
Mr. and Mrs. G. MacLanahan of Wash*
ington, D. C. are -registered at the Occl
dental. . .
William England, a rancher of Marys
vtile. la at the Grand. . • "; '} . ; -
Trenmore Coffin, a well-known attorney
of Carson, Nev., Is at the Grand.
Dr. J. J. Tully of Stockton Is staying at
the Grand.
. Ex-Assemblyman C. B. Jilson oC Napa
is at the Grand. - , VJZ
PERSONAL' MENTidtV.
With the exception of New York, th!*
chronological exhibition of color print*.
given by the Bohemian Club, will be one
of the. most Important ever held In tha
United States*. •*- .. .,• v ...
Sunday afternoon the committee will be
gin to convert the famous jinks room into
a veritable Japanese garden.
An additional treat will be offered in
the decorative effects, which, under tho
efficient direction of Arthur F. Mathews,
will be carried out in artistic arrangement
of cherry blossoms and green bamboo,
together with great bronze Buddhas and
novel lantern effects.
In the very earliest period ' of block
printing only three colors "were used;
these colors of vegetable matter wer9
compounded by each artist for himself.
.Yet these prints to-day, after two centu
ries, present a unity and purity of tone
absolutely unrivaled. In the seventeenth
century, a greater variety ¦ of color was
brought Into use. sometimes as many as
five, and the Japanese treatment of this
new acquisition has been likened to tho
grammar of color arrangement, and is
said to outrival even the best Greek dec
oration. ',
There Is noticeable in each stroke a
master touch, "evidence that the artist
had the exact knowledge of what to do
to obtain the simplest yet the most subtle
effects, not only in the quality of line en
graving, but in the superposition' of color
value.
Master Touch Evident.
The best authority on *tb.e subject 1 "*^
serts that the old -'Japanese prrnts/ at
their best, are by* all odds 'the greatest
specimens of the art of designing and ex
ecuting that the world has ever seen.
So rich are these early examples In pri
mary art principles that throughout Eu
rope, and America as well, the schools of
design and schools of painting- secure
them as Invaluable models to the stu
dents. ' "; ; /" ; »¦-. '-''.'• •
Art lovers long ago learned to "appreci
ate the graceful flow of line and harmony
of tone that make these pictures of early
Japan worthy of close study and a source
of gratification to every esthetic sense. To
many who have had no opportunity of
studying the work of.Hokusal or Korlu
sal the prints will be a revelation. There
is a delicate sweep, an exquisite color, a
wonderful effect gained by so little ap
parent effort.
Many of the prints for the exhibition
will be selected from these two collec
tions; others of value will be loaned from
the collections of Arnold Genthe. Porter
'Oarnet, Washington Jenks, -.Galett. Bur
gess, Newton Tharp, - Bruce "Porter and
?several others who have been following
the fascinating hobby of collecting Japan
ese art.- , ' Y ' .
Mr Armes has the largest collection on
the Pacific Coast; in his gallery are over
2000 prints, representing both figure and
landscape. . : •". - '
Mr. Mathews* collection . numbers about
600, among them inapy choice prints' of
the earliest period, and some complete
sets frcm the brush of one master.
Has Largest Collection.
A few days' serious rivalry to the Hop
kins mid-spring exhibition la -threatened
by the Bohemian Club's innovation in the
way of an exhibition of rare old Japanese
color prints, which will be held in the
Jinks room, opening Monday, March 24, to
be continued three days. ¦
The exhibition, which promises a treat
to the genuine art lovers of San Francis
co, is the first of the kind to be held on
the Pacific Coast, and is, therefore,
looked forward to with. unusual interest.
While foreigners, particularly of Parh»
and London, have for years been studying
and collecting with enthusiastic zeal these
rare old examples of Japanese art. of. .the
early period, alert America 1 has also been
alive to their- value and has : quietly
worked away, with the result : that with
the exception of Paris, where, it Is said,
some of the private collections contain
over 10,000 -prints, some of the rarest ex
amples are to be found In this country.
• To the "Boston Museum of Fine Arts can
he traced an exact affiliation and chronol
ogy of each phase of the famous Ukloye.
The world's first complete exhibition of
Ukloye painting and prints, many speci
mens of which have subsequently found
their way to the private collections in this
city, was held in New, York in 1S95.
To the enthusiasm of two of the most
zealous collectors on the coast, Edgar A.
Mathews and William Dallam Armes, tho
members and friends of the Bohemian
Club are* indebted for the pleasure., of
viewing for the first time many original
prints from the various periods, dating as
far back as the fifteenth century and em
bracing such names as Hokusai-Haruno
bu, Koriusal Masanobu, and many other
of Japan's most famous artists.
BOHEMIAN GLUB
PLANS JAPANESE
ART EXHIBITION
' ;: Townse'nd's 'California ; glace ; fruit. ; 60c a
pound;;inl fire-etched* boxes (or Jap. : bas
kets. A" nice present for Eastern > friends
C33 Market st, Palace Hotel building. •
.During coronation week .King Edward will feast
500,000 of the poor of London. , It ; is 'difficult to un
derstand whether this is tojbe an advertisement of the
King's 'generosity or> of a condition most appalling
in the; English capital. ¦ . : V ' '
Special information *; supplied /daily :; to
business houses i and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's)" 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cai. glace fruit , 50c per, lb at .Townsend'f. f
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. 5 Tftwnsend's. 1
It is reported that the investors . in - the Marconi
wireless : telegraph company , have insured the invent
or's life for, upward of .; $750,000 1. in London alone ;: so
the ycung man ': may know - they think' a lot of him
and wouldn't lose him forbig money. :7'v
The queer; way in which politics works in Connec
ticut is ilhtstrated: by the vote of the constitutional
convention of the* State to give the city of Hartford
only one representative in the Assembly, six "in
the Senate.- The, thing lboks top-heavy.
While the Boers have their hands in it might be a
good. stroke of policy : for them to capture Kipling
and put him under parole to write ho more until the
war is over. There. is' no better way for them. to win
the sympathies', of the English : spcakirig world :¦ •
It is sincerely; to be hoped that neither the police
nor the Supervisors will use as van argument for
leaving the^ streets unguarded and in blackness at
night the interesting fact that citizens are now being
robbed in broad daylight. Our footpad" community
is simply ; trying an experiment.
The : Anti-Compulsory Vaccination , League of New
York desires the appointment of ari official commis
sion to" investigate "the nature and value of vacci
nation, antitoxine, /seropathy and other alleged pro
phylactics," and now we may .look out for squalls.
There is never a referee when doctors get to fighting.'
, SAN JOSE, March 21.— All is In readi
ness for the big initiation of the Wood
men of the World at the Carnival Pa
vilion to-morrow night. The structure has
been handsomely decorated with, flags,
bunting and evergreens. . This meeting
will be the most notable In the history of
local Woodmen.' and fully 2500 members
of the organization are- expected to ,-be
present. Nearly 400 candidates are to be
initiated. Of this number . San' Jose fur
nishes over 200, and ¦ the ¦ other dozen
camps about the county will' make up the
balance of the class of initiates.
About 3000. Woodmen and their friends
are expected from San ,- Francisco and
other bay cities on two special trains. In
these " parties will be - tho four degree
teams of Oakland and Alameda and about
400 members of the order. They will i be
accompanied by Tamalpals Camp of San
Francisco 'and its famous band. ' These
trains will be met at the broad gauge de
pot at 7:30 o' clock »by : the > Santa Clara
County camps and* bands. After a march
through the streets . tho members will
make their way to the Carnival , Pavilion
'on the'Alameda. ¦ — ¦
Here there will be a musical and liter
ary programme,' to- which everybody is in
vited, j Many hundreds of invitations have
been given out and U Is expected, the big
hall will be crowded. -There will be exhi
bition drills by four degree teams of San
Francisco and Alameda and J by \ the drill
team " of ladles of the;EnisvaIe 'Circle of
Women of Woodcraft' of .this 'city. .'
After the , entertainment the - hall will
be cleared "of ; all ¦ biit^' members of the
Woodmen and the work of initiation will
begin. V '.The famous ' Joseph ; team of Cen
tervllie will assist in the Initiatory work.
" The) parade 'of- v the v Woodmen will ~con
sist cf twodlvlsionsl A. G. : Bennett' will
be*gi"and marshal and his aids will be. F.'
B.Brown, Charles Hammond and Everett
Holland. : ¦ '¦¦ - '¦'¦ ; ¦' r~--~ '¦ - - : -:..-'¦; ; ¦; ' ; ;; ¦ ¦
. The grounds of, the Presbyterian or
phanage and farm at San An3elmo will be
the scene, of much pleasure to-day as
they have,been thrown open to the niih
lie, the occasion being an arbor ' dar a ii
Interested.In the work-of the orphanage
and wishing a delightful ;outin s can avfn
themselves of the opportunity, a lare»
number are arranging to take lunches
and, spend the day picnicking upon the
grounds $ of > t the ! farm. Excursion rates
have been offered at . 25 cent* : for " the
Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs has returned
from Bakersfleld. where she was entTr
talned for a few days by Mrs,' William
Mrs. Alfred du Bois of San Rafael has
returned from Santa Barbara with her
two young nieces, Misses Emily and Han
nah du. Bois, whom she haa been 'cha D /
ronlng during their five weeks' absence
Miss Marie Wells and Mls3 Marie Oee
will leave next Saturday for an extended
trip t& Tahiti, Samoa, New Zealand and
Honolulu, chaperoned by Mrs. Georgo R
Wells. ' . --¦;' -; • •
v Miss Alice, Oxnard and Miss Marie Ox
nard are sojourning In the south.
Mrs. George .Crocker, entertained a
number of the young set at dinner last
evening at her residence, California and
Taylor streets. Covers were laid for
twelve, and the simple decorations were
Jn excellent taste. The affair was quite
informal. *-?"'- ' •-•>:*••
i- Mrs. G. P. Wlntermute was the host
ess at a delightful tea yesterday after*
noon at her residence on Spruce street
Mrs. Culver of St. Louis,* mother of
Mrs. .Wlntermute, was j guest of honor.
One hundred were present In their pret
tiest gowns. Everything was beautifully
arranged. American Beauty roses and
spring blossoms were the features of dec
oration. The dining-room was done In
roses, the hall in cherry blossoms, the
drawing-room in almond blossoms, while
ropes graced the oriental room. Dainty re
freshments were served and the guests
were most hospitably entertained. Mrs.
Wlntermute was assisted fn receiving by
her' mother, Mrs. Culver; her sister-in
law. Mrs. Franklin K. Lane;;\AIIs a Cath
erine Herrin, Miss Kathryn Robinson,
Miss Kelsle Paterson and Mrs. St. Goar
GIVES A TEA
IN HONOR OF
HER MOTHER
WOODMEN'S BIG
INITIATION FETE
IN SAN JOSE
T.HE London Express publishes the first correct drawing of the Kins as he
will appear' in his coronation robes at Westminster in June next.
. Briefly, it may be said that according to the present Intentions the
outer robe' will be of purple velvet embroidered with the , various badges
. '¦ ¦' . in gold; the skirt will be of the finest white silk, as well as the stock-
Ings, while the .shoes, will also be white, with gold badges wrought on them.
-Perhaps. the most truly resplendent and regal part of his Majesty's corona
tion robes _ will be the pallium, or royal mantle, which is now, being woven of
cloth of gold on the looms of Bralntree,: in Essex. „'" ..'.": .
' Cloth of gold has Invariably been, the material ;used for2 : the -royaU\maniI_e at
all coronations. - . ¦
But, as in things of lesser value, there are. cloths of .gold and clothspof gold,
and even that which King Edward will wear wllldlffer considerably In .the. text
ure of the weaving from that prepared for the late Queen's crowning: '
Unlike the palliums of previous. sovereigns the cloth of gold of which King
Edward's will be made will be devoid of the usual "designs of shamrock, thistles,
roses and eagles.
When -completed, however, the pallium .will not be without design, for the
ornamentation will be done by the Royal School; of Art Needlework, the em
broidery being executed in gold and silver thread- in -correct heraldic coloring,
the design being bold and large. . .
Thus the weavers have had considerable difficulties to contend with, for not'
only have they had to study to get a brightness of surface combined with a sup
pleness of texture, but they have also had to produce a material adaptable to the
embroiderer's needle. ¦
' Special', gold thread, of course, Is used, the woof twist composed of two fiat
and one round Btrand of extraordinary fineness, being faced with a most beau
tiful sheen, " . .
Some Idea of the remarkably fine quality of the material employed may be
had from the fact that the metal used contains less alloy than the British gold
coinage. 1 '¦--¦-'¦.
, . Yet the material that has so far been made Is so soft and pliant that it rea
lly falls into the most perfect folds.
It is learned on the highest authority that the King Is very partial to the
Gothic crown, similar to the one worn by, Henry VIII.
This crown is of a particularly plain design, consisting of four Gothic arches
surmounted on the top by a .St. George's cross.
The crowns of the British kln^s have varied ; considerably in the- matter of
design. For instance, in the; twelfth and thirteenth centuries the royal crown of
England was a Jeweled circlet of gold, heightened with strawberry leaves or tre
foils, Bometlnies alternately large arid small.
Henry IVs crown was as costly as it was magnificent, the eight strawberry
leaves being alternated with as many fleur-de-lis, the whole alternating with
sixteen small groups of pearls. . ¦ ._• . ?_ •
FIRST CORRECT DRAWING PUBLISHED OF HIS IMPERIAL MA
. JESTY KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH, AS S HE WILL APPEAR
ATTIRED FOR THE CORONATION IN JUNE NEXT. s
l_ . ' v ¦' ' - - •' ¦.¦ ' ' : " '
AN OFFICIAL DUTY-SHIRKER.
SATURDAY. . . . ... ; . . ... . i : .. . . .MARCH 22, 1902;
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. £
ICtxcts All CdEsmalciticus to W. B.' LEASE, Ktntger. ...
MAWCEK'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»i^j)4
I'LULICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market find Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201. ...
EDITORIAL ROO3IS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. . .
Delivered »»r Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per WeeZ%
Slnclo Copied. .*» Cents.,
Term* l»r Mall. Inclndlmr Postage I
rATT-Y CALL Sunday), one rear ...... $9.04
DAIT.T CALL <lnelu«3lBff Sunday). 6 mcr.th« S.M
DAILT CALL Oncludlnr Sunday). 8 mcaths 1.G0
DAILT CALL— By Sistfe Mcnth 85o
FC3CDAT CALL. One Year 1.59
VVEEKLX CALL. Oa« Tear...... 1.00
All postmaster* nre nnthorlzed to receive
•rabacrlptlonn.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested. "
Mail rot*cribers Jn ordering; change of •dares* should t#
fwrUcslar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
%c ifisur* s. prompt and correct compliance with tbelr request.
Oi.KLA.VD OFFICE 1118 Broadirnr
C. GEOROE JCROGIVESS.
Xectgtr Foreign Advertising, Mtrqsette Buildia j, Chlc&ji.
tLocE Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
c c. CAltLTOX .Herald Sqiiare
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVEr
• TEPrjEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlns
BB.AXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
BEtll »:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open untU 8:30 o'clock. C3S
McAiUirter. open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2281
Marker, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10JW Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c'dock. KW. corner Twenty-seccnd and Kentucky, open
UCtU 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 8 p. m.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION Of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of February, 1902.
FeltrwitiTy 1 nn.r.tin February 15 58,7.10
Feltrnarjr 2. . . . .«!»,<KM» February 1O 7O.4S0
Jobrnary :$ .W.iwt February 17 5S.OOO
February 4 r,!>.N!>O February 18. ... .00.230
I;ebruary « 5!»,12O February 19 5S.77O
February « K.S.7SO February 20 58,300
February 7 r»)S,44O February 21 5O.7XO
Vehruarr "** OH^too February 22 CO.14O
February 8 4C0,oso February 23 7O.1OO
February 1O !>*,!>»<> February 24 5»,11O
February 11 58,500 February 25 58,»20
February 12 SS&50 February 2«J. . . . ;5!>,840
February 13 rw,:J30 February 27. . . . .50,310
February 14. . . . .5S,7»O l February 2S. . . . .CS.54O
Total i .1,005,380
STATE OP CALIFORNIA. »
CITT AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. {'**•
On this 15th day of March, 1002. personally appeared
before me. William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the
city and county aforesaid. W. J. Martin, who. being sworn
according to law. declares that he Is the business manager of
the San Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published In the
City and County of San Francisco. State of California, and
that there were printed and distributed during the month of
February. 1902. one million six hundred and ninety-five thou
sand three hundred and eighty (1.C95.3S0) copies of the said
newspaper, which number divided by twenty-eight (the number of
day6 of issue) gives an average daily circulation of 60,549 copies.
.. SEAL. ¦ W r. j. MARTIN.
Subscribed and rworn to before me this 15th day of
March. 1002. W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In and for th« City and County of San Fran
rlsco. State of California. Room 1015. Clau* Spreckels Bldg.
General Otis says in his testimony before a Fed
eral Senate committee that the Filipinos have no idea
of freedom. Uncle Sam could perhaps perform no
nobler duty than to try to educate the islanders to
an understanding of a thought which we prize so
highly.
COMPLICATING AN ISSUE.
FOR ;a long time a considerable proportion of
the people of the United States have desired ari
amendment to the constitution providing for
the election of Senator by direct popular vote. At
the present time it is highly probable the desire is en
tertained by a strong majority of voters. A resolu
tion in its favor has been passed by~ an overwhelming
vote in the House, and there is >a strong sup
port for it in the Senate. Just at this juncture, how
ever, when .everything promises well for the meas
ure, Senator Penrose introduces a resolution which
adds to the original amendment a scheme of change
so great that there is not the slightest probability it
The Penrose resolution proposes that the Senate
of the United States shall be composed of atrleast
two Senators from eachState and an additional Sen
ator for every ratio of 500,000 persons, all. of whom
shall be elected by direct vote of- the people thereof
for a term of six years, and each Senator shall have
one vote. It provides, further, that a plurality . of
votes shall elect; that vacancies occurring s/iall be
filled, not, as now, by temporary executive appoint
ment; but by; new elections, as vacancies in, the
House of Representatives are filled, and that, after
each decennial csnsus, the number of Senators, for
each State shall- be "fixed and apportioned," as the
number of . Representatives ,in the other branch is, ex
cept that each State shall have at least two.
The plan, if adopted,' would put an end to the
equality of the States so far as representation in the
Senate is concerned, and that is about the only place
where they have equality. New York, Pennsylvania,
Illinois, Ohio and other populous States would gain
power injthc Senate as fhey now have in the House,
and the last vestige of the old States rights prin-
a MONG the bosses and the henchmen who are
l\ expected to attend a banquet in San Jose in
¦*¦ V celebration of the appointment of the no
iiotorious "Johnny" Mackenzie to the office of Har
•bor Commissioner is John C. Lynch, who holds the
Federal office of Collector of Internal Revenue.
The association of this official with the gang that is
now working for the re-election of Gage and the
continuance of the domination of Herrin will sur
prise no one who has given any attention to the
career of L^nch ever since he entered office. In
fact, there would have been surprise had Lynch been
Emitted when the invitations went out to Kelly,
Burns, Crimmins, Herrin and the rest of the gang.
President Cleveland in condemning the continual
interference of Federal office-holders with politics
referred to it as "t>zraic\o\ii activity," and the phrase
has retained a place in public favor to this day.
Such : activity is indeed pernicious. It leads to the
neglect of official duty, the shirking of rightful work,
the offensive use of Federal patronage in the inters,
ests of factions and bosses and the degradation of
the Federal service. A worse example of the evils
of this sort of pernicious activity could not be found
than is paraded before the people of California by
John C. Lynch. He has been an active henchman
of the worst bosses of the city and the State ever
since he took possession of* the office, and has given
fur more of his energy and his time to serving Her
rin than to serving the Government from which he
draws his salary.
The part which Lynch played as a partner of Her
rin, Kelly, Crirnmins. Burke and the rest dur
ing the late city election *. is well known. He
is now training with the same gang in State
politics. His appearance at the* 1 banquet in cele
bration of the triumph of the San Jose boss
will be in harmony with his whole official
record. In fact, it is to be doubted jf he was ever
in his office attending to his official duties when the
bosses wished him to be engaged at their work.
Federal office and Federal patronage ! are nothing
more to him than a means of doing henchman poli
tics in the service of Herrin.
So offensive has Lynch made himself to the people
of California that his removal from office has become
a matter of great importance to the Republican party.
So long as a Republican administration keeps him
in office, so long will the administration be to some
extent discredited in California. . President Roose
velt has a high reputation for upholding the dignity
of the civil service in all its departments and in all its
branches. He has firmly enforced the rule that Fed
eral officials must attend to their duties,- and if he
now tolerates Lynch it must be solely because he has'
not 3'et been made aware of the course Lynch has
pursued ever since he took office. Lynch is, in fact,'
an offensive partisan oC the worst kind. At4he Mac
kenzie banquet he will be in his element, but in the
Internal Revenue office he is out of place. His re
moval should be urged at once -upon' the President
by every member of the California delegation in
Congress. -,,../ .-.¦->
What would be the immediate effect were the Lib
erals in Parliament, to. accept Rosebery's leadership
we cannot undertake to sa3% but the ultimate" result
of.it can hardly be a matter of doubt. In a free "coun
try' ho partycan live that undertakes to evade a vital
issue, and to the British empire the Irish question
is very/, vital indeed, nor was it ever more urgent
than now. > '
Such being the situation, it is that the re
lations between the Irish and' tie British members
of Parliament are strained and unnatural. That feel
ing must be taken into consideration in estimating
the passion that impelled Dillon to his violent de
nunciation of Chamberlain. It must also be counted
on in weighing the chances of Rosebery in his ef
forts to organize the Liberal party in support of a
platform excluding the Irish question. -
.. All parties seem to be agreed that at this time^ de
spite the comparative quiet of the Irish people, the
condition of Ireland is utterly unsatisfactory. The
land question appears to be the center of strife. The
tenants complain of injustice and the landlords com
plain of spoliation. The long series of land acts en
acted by Parliament have settled nothing. At the
present time not only are the Nationalists of Ireland
hostile to the Ministry, ' but the Irish j Unionists are
hardly less so. All parties of Irish, in fact, are
united in the movement for a redress of the wrongs'
of landlordism- and in' a demand for relief from the
alleged over-taxation of Ireland.' ; With a united peo
ple-urging reforms of such importance 'it is folly for
any British statesman to' attempt to eliminate from
practical politics any one of the many phases of the
Irish question.
.'-*.ln. a "recent review of. the double -demand for bet
ter land" laws and lighter, taxation the Westminster
1 Gazette. says: "Great Britain is not at this moment
in a favorable position to meet either of these move
ments. With the burden of South Africa upon her
shoulders; she is not disposed either to relieve taxa
tion or to engage her credit in a gigantic operation
for compulsory land purchase in Ireland., Being un
able to give redress she is thrown back on her old
resource— the suppression of- agitators.. Meetings
have been broken up, members of Parliament have
been; imprisoned, and it is now- suggested that the
United Irish League shall be declared an illegal as
sociation. Thus we seem to be passing rapidly into
another period of coercion." : ....', '¦
Lord Rosebery has advised the British Liberals
to drop the issue of home rule for.Ireland, but the
advice has been futile. '.In fact, were the Liberal
party to drop it altogether the Liberal party would
cease to be a factor in British politics. Rosebery
might as well have. advised his party to drop the issue
in South Africa. The Irish, question is not a crea
tion' of politicians, which' they can make or unmake
at their option. It arises out of the very nature of the
relations of the two countries to one another, and is
one of. the issues of which/it may be truly said with
out exaggeration that it can never b,e settled until- it
is settled- right.
DILLON'S fierce controversy with Chamber
lain, which has led to his suspension from
the Commons, was precipitated by Irish sym
pathy with the Boers, v That"; sympathy, however,
would not have led to such an outbreak* of wrath on
the part of the Irish leader had there not been a
deeper cause of antagonism behind it. Not the
wrongs done to South , Africa but the wrong done
to Ireland is the primal element in the intense feel
ing of the Irish leaders against the British Ministry,
and the Dillon incident is only, another illustration
of how fiercely that feeling glows.
BRITAIN'S IRISH; QUESTION.
;';A Kansas City man won a wager the other day by
having himself shipped in" a sack, as potatoes. - He
traveled tied in the • bag for nearly four, days and
won. The man who shipped him has just reason to
complain that he paid more to the railroad company
than the intrinsic value of the freight warranted.
But how do the farmers like it? They are brushed
off the question by this Cuban bravo as if they were
vermin, while he boasts that the profit they enjoy in
its wide distribution is to be legislated to one planter,
not by his own Government, but by that which th*e
American farmer* elects. . ,
Senor Abad has the true 1 swagger of his race. His
boast should make every American Congressman's
palm tingle to slap it back down his throat.
Ponder that for a moment. It means that the
profit which protection distributes to tens of thou
sands of American farmers, in New York, Michigan,
Nebraska, Colorado, Utah, California and elsewhere,
is to be concentrated and all given to one cane
planter in Cuba, and he a Spaniard and an alien!
At present many thousand farmers are engaged in
this industry. Its profits are not confined to a few
great planters, but are diffused and divided among
thousands. With this' fact fixed in his mind let the
American farmer read the ' sayings of Senor Abad,
one of the Cuban junta in Washington. The Senor
said on the 12th inst. in Washington: "We have
neither retired nor become discouraged on account
of some opposition in Congress" to "giving us justice.
Mr. Gamba, Mr.'- Place and Mr. Menddza, the other
Cuban gentlemen associated with me,; are business
men and cannot leave their affairs for long at a time.
Among them are sugar planters who alone produce
as much sugar as that produced by all the beet sugar
growers of the United States."
If the American farmers supply the domestic de
mand for sugar, as they can, their farms will employ
more than half a million workmen in that industry.
They willpay American wages and yet get a profit of
nearly $50 per acre.
In time the promise of the protectionist leaders
that the -farmers' turn should come seemed to be re-,
deemed." The people were paying $100,000,000 a year
for foreign-grown sugar. By protection to., the
farmer, which would not burden the consumer by a
higher charge, this $ioo,qoo,ooo could be . kept at
home and added to the profits of agriculture. Re
lying, on the stability of protection as an economic
principle, the farmers and the beet sugar millers in
vested and launched an enterprise which had ahead
the prize of $100,000,000. Just as the farmers begin
to get a share of protection and begin to believe that
the benefits of that economic principle are general
and not partial, the Cuban planters, the junta, the
generals of our army, inform the country that its
pledge to Cuba requires the sacrifice of the American
farmer! His prosperity is held to be nothing, and
as he sees his infant industry dying in its cradle, he
is told that somebody pledged him to make the Cu
ban people permanently prosperous even if he have
to mortgage his farm to do it! • • •
We have raised the voice of warning that when
Republicans admit that protection is not an enduring
economic principle, but solely a policy of expediency
only, its days, are numbered. Such men are making
free traders faster than they can be initiated and get
the grip and the password. The people have seen the
splendid effect of protection in domesticating the
manufacture of tinplate and scores of other exotic
manufacturing industries for th'e products of which
we formerly paid out tens of millions of dollars, now;
kept at home and paid to American labor. : The peo
ple bore patiently their, share of the self-denial and
sacrifice required to secure industrial independence
by such additions to our productive power and va
riety. None bore it more patiently ; nor sacrificed
more in its behalf than the American farmers. They
never flinched, but walked to the polls and voted for
protection and went home and toiled in their fields
to make it effective. . : :
If such a. pledge were made why do not the junta
or the free traders produce it? Great- interests are
not to be made the Victim of a policy based upon a
pledge that no one produces/ that' rests solely in the
expressions of the junta and its organs.. The Ameri
can people want to know how they were. pledged and
committed to destroy one of their 'owh industries
and make a breach in the protection policy that de
fends them all in. the interest of the Cuban sugar
planters.
government.
•- When- was such a pledge made? Where was.it
made?.; How was it made? By whom was it made?/
The people never made it nor authorized any one _to
rhake it for them. "If the Secretary of War made it
to induce acceptance of the Platt amendment he ex
ceeded his authority and by assuming to act for the
American people showed his ignorance of popular
THE New York Sun and the free-traders in
Congress over and over repeat the statement
that "the pledge of the American people _« to
Cuba must'bc redeemed" by giving herifree trade,in
our.'markets. v
THAT SUGAR PLEDGE.
ciple, would; vanish.: There have been .at times of
course many; discussions of an , academic nature con- '
cernirig the advisability - of - giving- States' represen- '
tetjo? 'to population in the Senate as in the
House, but ;. this, , we believe, « is the first time it has
ever been proposed as a matter. bf.practical politics. „
The constitution provides that . each /"State shall
have two representatives iin the United States Sen
ate, and it is ' further' stipulated that, no State shall
without its consent be deprived of its equality; of rep
resentation in that, branch of the Government, p? It
Will therefore take "a good deal of amending to bring
about the adoption of the Penrose resolution. In' fact
it is not clear just whyit has been brought forward.
It complicates a; question, of reform which is quite -
plainand which the people are prepared to support
b'y- intruding an outside issue: not \at all pertinent to
the simple question of the method of election of
Senators. It has been suggested that Penrose is not
in. favor of the scheme but lias put it forward for the
purpose of "queering" .the "original .'resolution. ; If
that be his intention, it will fail. The people are
quite able to distinguish between a resolution provid
ing for the election of .Senators by. direct popular'
vote and the Penrose proposition,- which would ma
terially alter the whole fabric. of the constitution."
THE SAN FKANCISCp CALL, SATURDAY; 1HARCH 22, 1902^
KING EDWARD IN HIS
ROBES OF CORONATION
Most people think that 'France is the
glove-making country par excellence. Ger
many, however, has the largest number
of 'concerns engaged In , the making of
leather gloves of any country in Europe,
the number being over lioa ¦¦ - %
'.General and Mrs.* Oscar F. Long were
guests of honor at a dinner given Thurs
day evening by Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. M1113
at their Jackson street residence. Covers
¦were laid for fourteen and the decorations
were cut flowers. The evening: was de
lightfully spent. Those present were:
General and Mrs. O. F. Long, -Judge and
Mrs. James A. Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. John
Waterman Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. John
F- Merrill. Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Cornwall,
Miss Ardella Mills and Edward Harris
Brewer.
round trip. The bus of the Institution
will meet the train that leaves San Fran
cisco at 11 o'clock this morning and con
vey the guests to the orphanage.
6
AJ&USEMENT.&.
California— "Nathan Hale."
Tlvoll — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Bowery After Dark."
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Columbia — "La Madeleine."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Cleopatra." '
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher.**
Mechanics' Pavilion — Norris & liowe's Big Shows.
Excursion on the Bay— Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTTON SALES.
By TTra. G. L&j-ng — Tuesday. March 25. at 11 o'clock,
Horses. Vehicles, etc. at 721 Howard street.Theodore Roosevelt is the fifth Presi
dent^ who has held membership-in. the Phi
Beta. Kappa Fraternity;- the others being
John Quincy Adams; Pierce, Garfield and
Arthur. ' yi .'¦;• . - • - ¦,*¦,¦ -•- ¦ . ¦ .
C. H. Holbrook appeared before the'
committee and urged. the .passage of an
ordinance In conformity with the StaU
law Imposing a ¦ fine' for cruelty to ani
mals. Twenty-five per cent of such fines
will go to tho police pension fund, which
n ,°»^ nas a P ros Pectlve deficit -of nearly
$10 000 at the end of this fiscal year. The
ordinance will be submitted to the board.
The committee will -verify the state
ment of the; 1 gross . receipts of the Sutro
Railway. Company by a personal'Inspec
tion of the books v on-; next Tuesday' at •' 2
p - IP' T J le '"estimates: of the needs of the
various departments were referred to the
committee • when it • takes ; up the tax
budget,' as were several petitions for
public Improvements.- : ; "
Commissioner of Public "Works Casey
addressed tho committee regarding the
advisability, of the city purchasing its
own teams and horses for use in the va«
rlous departments of the JJfcard of
Works. Casey said that the scheme
would b« an expensive one in the begin
ning, but that in the end the city would
save money. Casey agreed to report on
tho cost of purchasing the wagons and
horses, together with the cost of, main
tenance: to see if the' plan is advisable.
The Police Commission was also re
quested to investigate whether it would
be cheaper for. the city to care for the
horses used on tho patrol wagons. '
Sheriff Lackmann informed the com
mittee that he had received an offer from
a, party who desires to lease the farm
near the County Jail 'at Ingleside. In re
turn the lessee will furnish rough veget
ables all the- year round and prime veg
etables in season to the' jail. Lackmann
was advised to enter Into \a' contract with
the party, with the proviso that it may
be terminated at will. , .
Should . the recommendation made by
the Supervisors' Finance Committee, at
its' meeting last night, be adopted by the
full board, one of the assistant clerks
now employed in the office of the board'
will lose his position, to make room for
an experienced stenographer. Chairman
Brandenstein of the committee intro
duced a, resolution providing that th»
services of one clerk be dispensed with
and that ' a competent stenographer be
employed at a salary of $150 per month.
Brandenstein explained that the, city
was paying nearly $1000 per . year to pay
a stenographer to take testimony in the
water and gas rates investigations, and
that It would be economy to have a reg
ular stenographer employed by the board
to take the testimony and perform other
work .when not bo engaged. ,Supervlsoi'
Wilson , said that the recorded minutes
of committee meetings were Incomplete
and that a stenographer was a necessity.
Supervisor Dwyer agreed with his as
sociates and the resolution was recom
mended for, passage. Brandenstein said
that he had in. view for the place a com
petent stenographer, who had don*/ work
in the Interior of the State, but asked his
associates to suggest names also, as he
did not wish to force his man on the
board. ¦¦' •-¦••(. •;.-
The Supervisors' Joint Judiciary and
Health and Hospital committees yester
day postponed action for three weeks on
the, resolution recommending an appro-'
priBtion of $600,000 in the next tax budget
for the j building of a new . city hospital.
The committee favors the plan, but it is
desired to get the -opinion of the public
on. It. The committee will visit the hos
pital recently built j at the Presidio for
$175,000. It may decide to levy the tax
for the- purpose In two or three install
ments. ¦ : : ,
The committee referred the petition of
property-owners • and residents on' Mar
ket street, near Vari Ness avenue, for the
removal of. stockyards and corrals in the
nefghborhood to the Board of Health for
investigation. *
A. w. Thompson, attorney at law, re
siding at 3625 Twentieth street, sent a
communolation yesterday:* to- Supervisor
Connor of- the Water Committee, asking
that Jn establishing a valuation on the
Spring Valley Company's property . the
quality of the water be taken into ao
.count. Thompson says the water In his
house is "vile ¦ and. muddy,, and after
draining the cow jjards, ,hog ranches and
slaughtering pens In the county, no sane
person uses -¦ it for drinking or culinary
purposes without distillation, and washlne
with it is a farce." . .
'The Board of Fire Wardens filed a pro
test yesterday with the Board of Super
visors/against the section In the new
building '• ordinance providing that th°
height of frame buildings shall be limited
to sixty feet. The protest says:
"The present ordinance limits the height
of frame buildings to '85 feet, which we
deem as a matter of safety to be the ex
treme j height i to which said style of
building should extend. We would rather
have the height decreased from Its pres
ent limit instead of Increased." * .
Sheriff. Lackmann informed the Board
of Supervisors ryesterday that he will re
quire $165,435 to conduct his office the next
fiscal year. Salaries will consume $84 800
He asks for $45,000 for prisoners' subsist
ence, an, increase of $7000 over last year.
This is necessary because- the number of
prisoners during the last four months has
been j 25 1 per cent " greater than . . for the
same period last-55ear. 9 Lackmann also
asks $10,000 in order to build a new jail
wing. . -; . ¦¦ : : " •¦ . ¦: >' ¦¦ '¦¦ ¦.
Watchman Injured by a Fall.
> Gus '\ Burcharit.'.a Inlght , watchman ' em
ployed at a furniture factory, on Harrison
street," between Fourteenth and Fifteenth
streets, felU from' the second; story- to the
sidewalk .last night, sustaining severe In
Juriesto his back. He was taken to the
City and ; County Hospital In the patrol
wagon from the Seventeenth-street police
station. .¦.•¦•/- ''•¦..'-;¦•."".¦¦; '. ;; . . ..->.
375,000 Barrels
Of beer are kept continually "on= lager"
from four to six months by the Anheuser-
Busch : Brewing! Ass'n," St. Louis, -U. , S A '
before being offered to ; the public,' us'sur
ing full maturity,"; purity and wholesome
ness. --¦- Orders promptly* filled . by E G
Lyons & Raas Co., wholesale dealers San
Francisco. •
Mrs. Jenkins Relents.
When the case of James Fulton Shep
ard, charged with threats to kill, was
called in Judge Cabanlss* court yesterday
the complaining witness, Mrs. Emma Jen
kins, milliner, 687 Geary street, said she
did not desire that Shepard sbould be se
verely punished, as she believed he had
been taught a lesson and would behave
himself. The Judge allowed Shepard to
go on his own recognizance, and con
tinued the case until May 1 to see how
he would behave himself.
Petitions in. Insolvency.
Petitions In insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows:
J. C. Hendreyx, restaurant keeper, San
Francisco, liabilities 1937, no assets; M.
Marks, oil clothing merchant, 52 Clay
street. San Francisco, liabilities $2133, as
sets $300; Andrew Christensen. contractor,
Oakland, liabilities $28,744, no assets.
The present size of the News Letter m&kM
it a weekly magazine. Excellent fiction, spark
ling verse and bright paragraphs ara scat
tered through Us pages. Everything of in
terest is Intelligently discussed in Its columns.
Its society department Is the most complete
and authentic on the coast. To-day's issue
contains "Miss Raglan's Rescue," "Reminfc
eences," by an old newspaper man; "An An
tediluvian Poet," by W. O. McGeehan; "The
Lady and the Cigarette," Mrs. Chauncey de
Witt's fashion article. The Looker On leads
off with a rattling good ballade on Jimmy
Brltt's dramatic debut, and has & host of good
stories. •
To-Day's News Letter.
each week be held, 1$ order that people
having business before the board shall
not be submitted to long and vexatious
delays.
George H. Roundy and H. Tessmer,
president and vice president of the Unl
veralty Mound and Bay View Improve
ment Club, appeared before the Grand
Jury to ask relief front the unsanitary
conditions existing in that southern sec
tion of the city from the presence there
of cattle corrals and dairies. They com
plained that H. Moffatt, wholesale butch
er, and B. Cassou, Bauer & Dless and
other dairies have public streets fenced
off and In use for corrals. The Grand
Jury addressed a communication to the
Supervisors asking that the corrals be
removed as nuisances and against public
policy. ¦ .
A communication was addressed to the
Police Commissioners requesting that one
night in each week be set apart for con
sideration of the granting of liquor li
censes and that, an additional meeting
Several minor abuses were also touched
upon in the report. The committee asked
for further time on telephone, water and
light questions. • .
- Upon many of the ears- the steps are too
high, making it difficult and often dangerous
for passengers getting on or off. Upon some
streets having double tracks the space .be
tween the tracks Is too narrow, the steps ex
tending so far out that it is Impossible for a
person to stand on them when two cars are
passing.
We recommend that such ordinances ; be
pajssed as will require street railroads to carry
the working classes for a rate not exceeding
3 cents for each far*, said schedule to apply
only between the hours of C to 8 a. m. and
from 5 to 6:30 p. m. on each working day. ! .
from the Hall of Justice to Market street,
passing the corner of Post street and places
where some of our moat prominent retail
stores are located and where women and chil
dren are numerous. ¦ •
We earnestly recommend that tickets Issued
to the school children be good for passage at
any time during .school days between the
hours of 8 a. m. and C p. m.
Three-Cent Fare for Workingmen.
ONE CLERK MAY
LOSE HIS PLACE
But If Preston or Flint should be chosen
Governor at 'the November election what
wt>uld the Senate care for Gage or • his
appointees? There would be no Senators
to do him reverence. The holdovers and
the new Senators of the party would refer
the communication of. the outgoing Gov
ernor to a committee and wait to ascer
tain the wishes of the Incoming executive.
Cutler was right when he advised the
Governor of the risk that: one takes in
handling edged tools. Gage may compel
the recently appointed State officers to
line up in his behalf, but he cannot save
them from dismissal if he loses. If he
wins they get nothing more than his im
plied promise that he will reappoint them
at the expiration of the next session of
i
Preston or Flint May Win.
If a Republican other than Gage should
be elected Governor, a prospect which is
growing brfghter every day, the recess
appointees of the present administration—
Kirkpatrick, Mackenzie, Wright and.oth
ers — would be in a pretty • muddle.- As
soon as the Legislature had convened and
before the next Governor was lnaugu
rattd Gage'migtit implore the Senate to
confirm the 'appointments made during
the-recess. ... .:....
At that time Gage was adjusting the
v.'ires to gain a renomination. He wanted
a club to hold over every appointee of
his administration so that he could say:
"Your term of office expires at the end
of the next session. If you fail to deliver
delegations pledged to my support in the
nominating convention I shall appoint
some other person to the office that you
now hold. 1 am not bound to send your
name to the Senate for confirmation. In
fact, I can withdraw your appointment
and send in another."
Gage Then a Candidate.
The true inside history of the scheme is
just coming to light: The amendment did
not escape .the! vigilant scrutiny of Sena
tor Cutter, whose long experience in the
Legislature has taught him to read be
tween the lines of. a bill. He. saw at a
glance that Oneal, a new Senator, was
plunging on dangerous ground. Senator
Cutter quickly -resolved to fight the meas
ure and thus uncover the hidden influ
ences behind the amendment. Within two
hours after he opened the battle Governer
Gage sent for him. The Senator went to
the executive office to hear what the
Governor had to say. Gage lost no timo
in telling Cutter that he wanted the bill
passed. Cutter insisted that the Governor
was playing with edged tools and that it
would be bad politics to change the law.
Gage declined to argue the point, but
again requested Cutter' to keep hands off
and let the bill become a law. "It is my
bill," said the Governor, "and I want the
Legislature to pass it." Senator. Cutter
was not in position at that time to engage
in a controversy with the executive and
therefore agreed to comply with the Gov
ernor'b wishes. The. bill went through
both houses and was signed by the Gov
ernor. > • ,
Inside History of the Bill.
HARBOR Commissioners j Kirkpat
. 'rick and Mackenzie, Bank Com
missioner ; Wright, two more
Bank Commissioners and one In
surance Commissioner yet to be
named by Gage may go oujt of
office next January. In order to make" the
appointees of his administration subser
vient to his will Governor Gage caused
the Political Code to be amended at ,the
last session of' the Legislature, j Section
100C of the; Political Code, as amended in
J'jOI,' which is the law now, reads:
Section 1000. Whenever- an . office,' the
appointment to j which , is vested in the
Governor'and Senate, 1 "or in the Legisla
ture, either becomes' vacant or the term
of the incumbent of which expires during
the recess of the Legislature, the Gov
ernor, has power to appoint a person; to
such office; but the person so appointed
can only^hold the office until the-adjourn
ment of the next; session of the Legisla
ture. . ' ¦
The foregoing amendment to, the code
came straight from the Governor's office
in the Capitol.; Senator Oneal, the choicest
specimen in Johnny Mackenzie's rare col
lection of Santa Clara statesmen, handled
the little measure in the Senate- <r t .
DESIRES OPINION
OF THE PEOPLE
'The directors of the Republican Pri
mary League have leased for the cam
paign of this year commodious apart-!
ments over the Humboldt Savings Bank"*!
on i Geary street, between Grant avenue
and Kearny street. The league made a'
splendid fight for good government under
the" auspices of the Republican party at
the last primary election, and would have
achieved victory had not the. bosses ral
lied five thousand Democratic votes to
support the boss "ticket.'/" A boss ticket
was subesquently forced on the Republi
can convention, 'but the Republican voters
repudiated it -at the polls. The Primary
League will, on April 2 next, take posses
sion of the new quarters on Geary street.
Where Was Johnny {Mackenzie.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— A proposition to
elect Governor Henry T. Gage an honor
ary member of the Santa" Clara County
Fish and Game Association this evening
¦was practically turned down. When the j
matter came up on motion of D. J. PrindJ- !
ville there was an objection made at once j
by s4me of the members, who Inquired j
what the Governor had done that he
should be so, honored.' There .were some
exponents of Gage in the meeting and a
pro and con wrangle followed. Finally to
prevent insult to the Governor friends of
Gage • carried a motion ' postponing the
matter indefinitely. ,The general, opposi
tion to Gage was that he was not a
sportsman and had not pone out of > his
way to aid in the protection of game.
Republican Primary League.
The Republican party of California,
owing to the peculiar conduct of Senator
Perkins, has a load. to carry in the person
of John C. Lynch, Collector of Internal
Revenue.. Positive assurance ' was given
by the senior Senator that Lynch should
be retired after four years of service, but
the Collector. is still holding office and do
ing politics for the machine despite the
order of President Roosevelt that Federal
officeholders should refrain from meddling
In convention affairs. Throughout the
State Lynch Is known as the confidential
man of Herrin, and it is quite well/ un
derstood that Herrin, the Democrat, ma
nipulates local politics through the agency
of the Republican Collector of Revenue.
This double dealing does no good to the
Republican- cause in California. If the
Republicans enter the Presidential cam
paign of 1904 with a load of Lynches to
pack the delivery of the electoral vote" of
this State in support of the national ad
ministration will be somewhat doubtful.
Lynch Is a Heavy Load.
Thousands of Republicans openly pro
claim that they, will vote once fo "disci
pline the party" if the party defies public
sentiment' by. making; him its nominee.
Prominent Republicans in the Gage. camp
express a doubt as to the" ability, of the
party to pull him through. Colonel. George 1
Stone, chairman of the i Republican" State
Central Committee, recently said to an
other member of the committee: "I do
not know what we. will do for money In
this campaign. The bankers, merchants
and business men will not contribute for
fear Gage will be the candidate. There is
only one banker we can count on and his
subscription seldom goes above $250."
Men who ought to have the stamina
and frankness to tell Gage the truth
about -his chances inflate him with hot
air. If they would speak out candidly
they would advise him that outside of his
coterie ! of State administration office
holders and beyond the circle of a few
Democratic agitators, there is no demand
for his re-election. His open alliance with
Burns and Herrin causes the people to be
lieve that the Governor of the State is
simply an instrument in the hands of the
bosses. • . ¦ . ,
Opposition to Gage.
the ' Legislature. Oneal's, amendment is
in effect an enlargement of Gage's gold
brick yard. , - ¦• i ¦ .-.
Word comes from Santa Clara County
that $3000 had been raised to celebrate the
push victory won in the appointment of
Johnny- Mackenzie to the State Harbor
Commission. No time should be lost In
disbursing the money for liquid refresh
ment—the purpose for ; which it was con
tributed—because the present indications
point to Johnny's retirement .from the
board early in January. , He cannot re
main if Gage goes out. From every coun
ty of California cames the news that the
farmers/business men and citizens gen
erally are opposed to Gage's renomlna
tion. . ¦ .-• ¦•¦¦-,
V We object" to the speed of cars running
throuRh the more, crowded streets, and call
especial attention to the line on Kearny street
' We desire to call attention to the sign*
boards on Market street, indicating places
where car's stop. Said signs are In the mid
dle' of the street near the tracks and are ap
parently a convenience to the grlpman only.
We suggest an additional sign b« placed in
the sidewalk near the curb. Market street is
a I thoroughfare crowded during certain hours
of the day from curb to curb, dangerous for
women, children and old persons to cross, and
were It not for the vigilance of, the police
many accidents would . occur. ¦ ., Every precau
tion should be taken to Insure the safety of
the public. . , . < . v . • ,
We recommend that during the hours' of the
day when the . working . classes are - going to
and- from- their work better facilities be pro
vided for . their accommodation. Men and
especially working women and girls, return
ing home after a hard <Jay'» work, require
a seat where they can rest and be comfort
able. | The present crowded condition of the
cars during certain hours is very inconvenient
to the public. * •
We. insist upon a uniform system of'trans
fers. The syBtem engaged In at ¦ the present
time is confusing and annoying, especially so
in the case of strangers and visitors. We
recommend the. abolition' of the "short time'"
transfers, and see no valid reason why a check
should not be good at any hour during the
day and date of Its issue. The practice of
giving transfers on some lines when fare is
paid and of others in giving ; It at the point
of debarkation should be discouraged, and we
so recommend, believing that a uniform sys
tem will avoid confusion an* annoyance,, and
oftentimes prevent disputes and assaults be
tween conductors imd passengers.
Uniform Transfer System.
Municipal ownership is a question upon
which the Jury may be more or less divided
and which involves principles which we as
Grand Jurymen are not called upon to pass
upon or investigate. -
The Market Street Railway system having
Just changed hands, it is hoped the new ; cor
poration will change practices and correct
abuses that- have so long existed in the con
duct of ' the old company. It «s not the ob
ject of this Grand Jury to dictate to Its man
agement or that of any other, corporation the
method by which their business should be con
ducted, but 'it is our privilege and our duty
to see -that all laws governing them are com
plied with, that the public receive fair and
just treatment, that all .precautions necessary
to avoid and prevent accidents are taken, that
patrons receive polite and courteous treat
ment, and to make such' recommendations -to
the Board of Supervisors as we deem proper
In order to promote the" public good.
We are opposed to the. granting of any fran
chise, to any road or corporation without a
thorough and definite understanding and a full
compliance Avlth all laws in relation thereto.
We Insist that all, unused tracks be at once
taken up and the street put in proper condi
tion: that . the street ¦ paving and work re
quired by law between the tracks Jt>e properly
attended to,- and that all obstructions.be re
moved from the streets. - - • . .. :
The committee, consisting of William
Lewis, chairman; \E. P. Farnsworth and
Edward Culen, presented tile report prac
"tically.as adopted. It will be sent to the
Supervisors '.with the recommendation
that suitable legislation be enacted. The
street railway questions are taken. up In
the report as follows: - ; .:
The Grand Jury at a -special, meeting
last night adopted a, report of the com
mittee on ¦ corporations, street, railways
and telephones which urges \ upon , the Su- (
pervlsors_the necessity' of legislation to
correct numerous evils in the street rail
way.'servlce.; Franchises, a uniform sys
tem of transfers, overcrowding of cars,
fast,, running of electric cars and 3-cent
fare' for j workingmen are j some of the
subjects given vigorous- treatment. ;
With the knowledge that McComb can
not be confirmed the friends of the va
rious candidates for the clerkship are
ready to pull wires to secure the votes of
the Justices.
MtComb's name is now before the board
as the selection of the Justices, and the
ppecial and Judiciary Committees of the
Supervisors will not present any recom
mendation to the board.
Mayor Schmitz informed the Supervis
ors that he could not Indorse the name
of McComb. The Mayor explained that
he did not care if a Democrat or a Re
publican was elected to the offi.ee of Jus
tices' clerk, but he could not possibly in
dorse McComb, who had . been : removed
from office by the Mayor's actions. Mayor
Schmitz further stated that he desired no
patronage in the office, but simply wanted
a good man to be appointed. -
The conference ilnally ended with the
decision that Supervisors Wynn and Bent
meet with the Justices of the Peace to
day and request-- them to 'select another
name for presentation to the Supervisors.
As the Board of Supervisors has al
ready Intimated by Its actions that It will
not be antagonistic to the Mayor in the
Indorsement of a clerk to the Justices,
there is no chance for McComb to secure
the coveted office. ¦ •
Yesterday afternoon the spec>.i-commit
tee of the Supervisors appointed to con
fer with the Justices and Mayor, Schmitz
on the matter met the Mayor and the
Judiciary Committee of the .Supervisors.'
Supervisors Comte and Booth represented
the committee and Supervisors Bent,'
Comte and Wynn the special committee.
Brandenstein of the Judiciary Committee,
who introduced the resolution calling the
conference, was not present. ¦
George S. McComb. whose narae.was
eent by the Justices of the Peace to the
Board of Supervisors last Monday as their
selection for Justices 1 clerk. Is not likely
to be confirmed by the board at Its next
meeting. .'¦' •
The .fight for the office of clerk to the
Justices of the Peace is again as; strong
as wer. ¦ • / - j £ "' : -'
Condemns Corrals in Univer
sity' Mqund and Bay
View ; District
Justices of the Peace Will Be
Asked to Submit Another
Candidate.
Political Code, -Section 1000— Whenever an office, the appoint
ment to which, is vested in the. Governor and Senate, or in the Lejfris-'
lature,* either , becomes' vacant or the term^of the incumbent ~df which
expires during the recess of the Legislature, the Governor has '
power to appoint a person to such office; but the person so appoint
ed can only hold the office until the adjournment of the next ses
sion of the legislature. ' . : , / ' ,.
McComb Has NojChance
of Confirmation by
Supervisors.
Grand .Jury Urges Re:
¦ forms in Streetcar
. ¦ ¦¦¦ oervice. ,\, .
THREE-CENT FARE
FOR WORKINGMEN
CANNOT SECURE
THE CLERKSHIP
TEE:i^N FRANCISCO CALL, SATmipAY, M^VKGH ; 22, :1902.
Men Appointed to Office During Recess of Legislature Have
:V< r:dhly Brief Tenure— Political Code Amended ;td -Suit; the
.K. Governor—Gold Brick Yard, Enlarged' for This, Campaign
GAGE SCHEMES TO HOLD
WHIP OVER APPOINTEES
7
5 Montgomery St.
THOS. MAGEE £ SONS,
This property will increase in value when tho
new car lines tM In operation. Pays 8 per
cent net. -
LEASED.
PRICE $20,000.
MODERN IMPROVEMENTS.
RENTS OVER $1000 PER YEAR. PARTLY
DESIRABLE CORNER.
UNION-ST. BUSINESS SECTION,
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
u n equaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers : who visit San
Francisco. 'STfiSEBsBsl
N0RRIS& ROWE'S
Big Trained Animal
- Shows
AT THE—
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING AT
2:15 AND 8:15.
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OLDSTERS.
500S£ ng 50fl
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c; Children. 10c./
Phone No. South 720.
gH^ RAGING
¦^2^*^3sS»SS^»> Every Week Day—
*Br ' Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. A X
Races start at 2:1S p. m. sharp. •
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping; at the . entrance to thu
track. Last two cars on . train- ' reserved - for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. - Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell ; Mound. All trainj via
Oakland. mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh, and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via "Alameda mole . con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes. " -
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13
and 4:i5 p. m. and immediately after the last
¦race..'- ••'¦¦ - -• . .*. - . • • • •--• ¦• > ¦¦ y,r •
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy/ and M&r. -,-v .
AOTJSEXENTS.
Is emblematic of our work as launderers
— purity and whiteness, when white goods
receive our attention. At all events we
undertake to make everything clean, and
our patrons will tell you how we succeed.
Uke to have you on our list— call for and
deliver the goods If you like. No saw
edges.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1004 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
THE EASTER LILY
| TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY.
> Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) months can secure a
I $15,00 Set of \
\ "OtlR ISI ANDS AND THFIR PEOPf E"
> U&JI1 lu&j rkl ii/«J rill 1/ I IIJulIl 1 LdUk mjLi
I Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $i J-
I An i .invaluable" additipti to every library!
» A" ornament to any drawing poom! ,
I A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young,
i yielding the delights of travel without its inconveniences. '\y\ \&*[
5 Hr f ' /* I IV vPrl lAI Or rrk
| AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL.
> • . INTRODUCED BY '''"J ' ".: : " ; >' %
{ MAJOR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER,
i ' UNITED STATES ARMY,
h W&Wp . With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by. ./I
» " JOSE DE O'LIVARES
! The Noted Author and War Correspondent.
> Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian
>" . v ri Stories. "* " ¦ ' ¦¦
I EMBRACING* PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE
I PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN. INCLUDING HAWAII
I AND THE PHILIPPINES; :ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC-
> TIONS. HOMES QF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP-
* ¦ PEARANCE. WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES,
I RIVERS, VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM-
»« M^ PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- •
I - V '". ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE .
JO '¦¦¦¦, ' PAGE.
\'{- With a specialconsideration of the. conditions .that prevailed befpre the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor,
r. ' Thurston, Money and numerous prominent '"writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as
Ji'.^l.u'i they how exist, '(i^-f ¦£)«':'' ¦'''¦'- ¦ " ' ' : ¦ i**/
* Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroesand Heroines of America," War for Hu-
J. v manity," Etc., Etc. . ¦
I ; !n PHOTOGRAPHS BY U . '
} WALTER B.TOWNSENDi 4 FRED W. F0UT.6E0.E. DOTTER AND OTHERS.
I ' COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. !•}->'
J '" REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET, \ SPECIAL TO CALL , READERS, $3^o,PER SET.
I Superbly, illustrated. with. more than'.Twelye Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes arid new Colored Map*.
Bplit hair, harsh hair, lusterless hair,
brittle hair, falling. hair all owe their ori-
gin to dandruff, which Is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows into
the scalp,' throwing up th£ cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality
of tho hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased conditions of the hair, till It
finally falls out. Modern science has dis-
covered a remedy to destroy the dandruff
microbe, which is combined in IVewbro's
Herpiclde and may be had of any drug-
gist. Allays Itching instantly and makes
hair soft as silk. Take no substitute;
nothing "just as good."
Caused by a Germ.
All Come From Dandruff, Which Is
SPLIT, BRITTLE, DULL HAIR.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"CLEOPATRA"-
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING. NEXT.
Second Week of Our f 1000 Star.
MELBOUtfNE MACD0WELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Etroneeet Play.
"L4 TOSCA."
POPLXAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, MARCH 22.
Parquet, any Beat. 25c; Balcony. 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved 10c.
VAUDEVILLE REVELATIONS!
FANNY RICE; HEDRIX AND
PRESCOTT; TROUBADOURS
TOUXOTJSIANS, AND THE BIO-
GSAPH. LAST TIMES OF PAUL
CINQUEVAXLI; MR. AND MRS.
SILVER; KATHLEEN PARLOW;
3 DANCING DAWSONS, AND 6
BLACKBIRDS.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
' MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP!
FOURTH WEEK. TURNING PEOPLE AWAY.
The Famous BOSTOXIANS 1 OPERA.
THE 'i
Serenade!
TOU MUST SEE THIS GREAT SHOW.
Secure Seats in Advance.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. BOc and 75c
Telephone — Bush 0.
ftftl IIUDIA swircAKsco's
l# U* LU I if CjS< EM.IEHDISQ THEATEE
Last 2 JCi«rhts— MATINEE TO-DAY.
BLANCHE WALSH
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
The new emotional Play by 11. J. W. Dam,
"LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Nlrfct.
"JANICE MEKtDITH."
neeSnnlns; NEXT MONDAY.
THE CHRISTIAN,
Vith EDWAgD MORGAN as JOHN STORM.
SEATS NOW READY.
FAREWELL PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
HOWARD KYLE,
And a Carefully Chosen Company, In •
I NATHAN HALE,
By Clydo Fitch.
TO-MORROW" NIGHT. .
¦ "THE DENVER EXHBESS." ".,„ _...
- SEATS HEADY.
Cmr.ins— AL G. FIELD GREATER MIN-
ETRELS. -
| FISCHER'S THEATE*
OTarrell st.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Telephone Main 23L
MATINEE | COME. BRING
TO- THE
DAY. i CHILDKEN.
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER
TTILL MAKE THEM HAPPY.
If you can't come to-day, come to-morrow.
Remember we have a Sunday Matinee.
Everybody 1« drearr.lngr of the superb per-
formance that we are giving now.
Filled with good music, good dancing, good -
epecialtles, and what not.
Seats now on eale for next weelc.
Be on the alert for OUR SENSATION.
BE2.ASCO akdTMALLS \A?J&P
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Er'g-— Last Times.
The Champion Lightweight of the Coast,
* JIMMY BRITT
Ac the Bowery Boy In the Thrilling Melodrama,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
In the last act between Jimmy Britt
and Charley Reno.
PBIfTQ Evenings 10c, I5c. 25c. 3Rc. BOc
rnllLj Matinee* 10c. 15c. 25e
Next Monday— The Greatest Naval Drama, .>
< _ "THE MAN'-O'-WARSMAN."
Belasco 4c ThaU. Managers.
A GREAT HIT!
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-MGHT. Sunday EVg and all next week.
Th« Brightest and Cleverest Comedy Thlt Year,
SEE THE PHONOGRAPH ACT!
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CA8T.
Seat* on Sale Six Dayi in Advance.
PRICES— l&c, 25c. 85c. 60c and 75c
In Preparation — "BROTHER JOHN."
ON THE BAY
Oa the elegant steamer
GENERAL FRISBIE,.
SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902,
"With the
XT. S. ULA.-R.TZrEl BAND.
From Mare Island Nary Yard.
This Is a select family and tourist excursion,
passing all points of Interest on the bay waters,
touching at Vallejo. where you can make a
trip to White Sulphur Springs or the Navy
. Yard. .Boat leaves Pier 2, one block south
Oakland ferries, at 9:45 a. m. Arrives back
at 0 p. bi. Firet-clasa dining service. Meals
TICKETS. BOUND TRIP. 7*c
For further particulars write, phone or cail
on HATCH BROS,. Pi«r 2.
¦.«¦- Phone 1508. Main.
¦ ' « ;. A SUIT OF WHITE. • ?gg
N every cake of Ivory Soap there~irc 100
complete suits of rich, creamy lather. Before
llpf dressing, put on a suit of Ivory Soap. Cover
fe tf'H.the entire body from head to foot with
lather. Take the suit off with tepid water and you
will remove with it all the impurities of the body
which have been carried to the surface through the
pores. Use a pure soap for this. -^
IVORY SOAP— 99«>iSi PER CENT. PURE^^^
eorvKiOMT tw« rr T»<« mocTC* * outsit eo. Cincinnati
ADVEETISEICENTS.
A2STTJSE2CCNT8.
ji>ryf " •khj.^+ 1[4g^ s=^^JL **¦ + ? + tLJk^JlTfl fP^Convicted of Bobbing Vatican.
ROME. March 21.— The trial of the three
officials of the Vatican who were charged
¦with thefts from the Vatican treasury
aggregating £16,000 was concluded to-day
An official named Scotto was convicted
and sentenced to eight years' imprison
ment, while the two others were acquit
ted of the charges against them.
Set Fire to tho Astor House.
NEW YORK, March 2L— Edward Far
ley, who was an elevator attendant at
the Astor House, was arrested to-day and
charged with causing the two mj-sterious
fires in the hotel last Wednesday night
He confessed that be 1 started the fires,
but said he did not know why he had done
it. He was under the influence of llouor
at the time, he said.
I do-not desire - to exoatiate en this " but I
believe, without ' fixing ;th!s. ' however, . as a
¦ It has: long seemed to me that the efficiency'
of pupils can better be determined by reference
to -their "scholastic iwork during the entire
term.by the teachers.who have -been with them
day. after day than upon a single examination
for which "cramming" is a preliminary t-i
success. " "• V ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ . ¦ . -" tJ
Pupils' Qualifications.
¦ 'I. will not enter- Into- the details of your
service and of your duties. . I will not touch
upon your course- of study, nor . upon the ele
ments which- go to make a successful teacher."
1 These' matters, require a technical knowl
edge and have, moreover, been discussed by
specialists, in- the various departments. I will
touch f only on one point:
I But .merit ' and; deserving accomplishment
should be the fundamental standards of com
mendation and of progress' and during my ad
ministration- 1 /propose that ' they shall be so
recognized. •¦ • ,
THE, last' day's session of, tho
Teachers' Institute was extreme
ly interesting. The papers read
were of high order and we're Us
" tened ' to with close attention.
The final session opened with singing by
a quartet composed of *Mrs._. Cecil W.
Mark, soprano; Mrs. Decker Cox,, alto;
Oscar Lieriau, tenor, and Gi;'M. McBrlde.
bass. Miss Ada. Clement was accompan
ist. At the conclusion of the number
Chairman Webster introduced Burt Estes
Howard,. M. A.,- assistant .Professor, .of
Political Science, Stanford; University,
who spoke on "Education- arid Democra-.
cy." At -the, outset .he .said, he' did not
propose to talk shop. lie stated he had
overheard the teachers on their 'way to
the institute. doing this. In part he said:
What Democracy Means."
Democracy is not the best -form of . govern
ment, la certain conditions 'It may' be the
worst possible form J of government.-' ' Democ
racy is a form of ; government ..only for. the
best and most .upright people-. • Democracy
without . conscience is dangerous. . Democracy
without Integrity Is destructive. Liberty with
out self-control Is anarchy. .Liberty without
conscience r Is ' hell. Democracy -Is far - more
than a kind or a political mission. It 1* a
co-operative commonwealth. The keynote ' of
democracy- Is -not' liberty,- but- responsibility.
If the keynote of democracy is ¦ fidelity ¦ the
keynote ot cltlrenshlp Is> integrity. * -^ "
Education means much to every government.
Education Is far more Important than a mere
knowledge of booklore. .A college diploma does
not (signify that a' man has been . educated.
It only fhowg.'he had a -chance.- As a col
league of mine once ' said, "he has been ex
posed." I assure you. there are a good many
immunes In our colleges. .
No education is complete' that does not
equip men to become good • citizen.*. I will
plead this day for the training of -our youth
In a true and noble patriotism. Not that'patri
otism.that waits' for the trumpet to sound for
battle. America .will never want f6r "sons"
brave enough to- die for her and women to
weep. I plead. Tor. the higher. patriotism that
is willing to live for America.; for. men: who
day by day- are living as citizen* of -the re
public, striving to translate our idea c of po
litical righteousness . Into the • highest , future
of political righteousness. ,.: . . - . - -
The largest Issue before .us ' to-day and. an
Issue that Is omitted ' from - the - platforms ¦ of
political parties, and in .the ; . determination ' of
which you play an important: part. In whether
the men of 'America will rise '.to the measure
of tbeir civic- privilege aod ; civic, responsibil
ity and make this patriotic: land, the -messlanlo
nation - which . I . believe ' Ood V almighty * . made
her to be. ¦ . ...
Whf-n 'Rrofessor Howard- concluded he
was warmly applauded.- .His- paper- -was.
one of the best heard during 1 the session.
It wan patrioticOn. every- line »and the
teachers applauded . his , sentiments . at
ev»ry opportunity." . ; ..
' Gives a' Clever' Beading."
' The quartet rendered a number of selec
tions, after, which Miss . H. . NV McGlllivray
of 'Stanford 1 : University- delivered an ad
dress alnd reading, from' the works of "Ian
McLaren." ' She said phe ' had . had the
privilege of sitting under him and listen
ing to his sermons for eight 'years. - .The
speaker also' said* that' to" this » day Dr.
Watson was still : the modest leader Of
his flock and had refused, calls, to. larger
pastorates. The speaker, read a number of
selections from the . works of, the : Scotch
author. Her" dialect '.was "perfect." She
created merriment and' brought -tears by
her interpretations', of -the author's writ
ings. -Miss -McGillivray's papers was. 1 in-
teresting and secured many converts .to
"Ian McLaren's" worlds. ' • .. * ' :- .',, '. '
Ei! Mayor Schmitz was given- a warm wel
come when he stepped: on «tho platform/
Through an inadvertence the committee
forgot to notify the city's chief executive
on Wednesday last and he did notattend
the initial -session: He- repaired the omis-r
piqn. by addressing the teachers yesterday.
In part he said:,-'- .. f •/..: .<;''.'.¦
'Mayor Schmitz's Address. .:•",
\ Ladles and 'Gentlemen of 'the'YSan^Fiaiicinco'
School Department, friends how arid '. I ¦ trust
forever: 1 regret exceedingly- that through a
slight misunderstanding I -failed toappear.at
the opening session of this great- gathering
Of the rulers of pur. youth.' but" a pleasure il«
ferrr-d is only • a., delight -lhtenslfled. when
reached. Interested as I am In the splendid
public school system of our.' State arid In 'the
Americanism which is at once Its" r»oX and Uh
flower, I a feu i e you I would -not allow" this
institute to i ass Into history without. appearing
before you to express niy sympathy and con
fidence In the work of the public schools, of
• San- Francisco- and to 'pledge' my Joyal' and
enthusiastic support to you, the teachers, .who.
In the face of ¦ difficulty.- with -patience '. and
kindly feeling mold the destinies of our, children
and' prepare them -for", the < active and practical
duties of', life,'- : How. - successful your, .'efforts
have • been " may be read in .the lite story , : of
many, of our most brilliant; and. talented men
and women, prominent In their '. professions,
distinguished in/commerce.' conspicuous In ths
.industries and /arts, ."and: all 'faithful-to the
principles inculcated, in- them by .- the.- teachers
of the public schools of • San Francisco. V •»»".
To« those to whom- In the'.rapldlty or -in
difference of their lives it is not, permitted to.
know much of the Inner workings of' the most
' important • branch j of our ¦ government; it I may
reem strange thatv'a thousand, willing workers
constituting an ' entire : -regiment . of., generals,
colonels and other- officers ; of -the" .'.army* of
public school pupil*, should. manifest the warm
enthusiasm of the devotee,- combined with >the,
cool and calm. 'judgment- of the philosopher,
should ¦ show ' the < impassioned love nnd human
ity of the >prlest. of. the', gospel ' and .the Im
partial and ¦ dispassionate temperament of the
Judze. . - ¦ • ' .
. But.we*who look into your daily lives, and
work know the devotion and- care and patience
your- tasks require; know tbe 'varied- chords
which your hands must touch 'to evoke ' tune
ful response; know the Jack- of appreciation,
the want of interest, the occasional ' feeling
that your dally labors ' are merely • routine toll.
We , who know how prone . many are to • regard
you erroneously, -merely- the. automatic em
bodiment of mechanical 'duty; ' we'.. who ' know
these thinrs and. at the same time know the
truth, ' feel It on additional obligation and an
additional . pleasure - to encourage- -you,'.' to sup
port you,;, to pledge you our co-operation,- our
'assistance ' and our constant and sympathetic
Interest. 'MMBBttiRVHi&P^f •->-' ¦¦ *U" '. "-.'.'
Promises Fair Treatment.
¦ ¦ While 1 1 ' am 'Mayor* of ..'San '.Francisco > the
teachers may rest " assured • of . fair • and ¦ con
siderate- treatment. . " .' ¦ • '" ¦
- The Board of Education will grant you *Jus
,tlce admixed ' with ' liberality '. and 'gentleness.' • ¦'¦
¦ Too much attention cannot • be paid' to the
needs of the pupils, but as much' consideration
should be shown- to 'their, teachers. . > - ;
'¦ There ehould be held', out ; as • an . Incentive
the hope of eventual promotion for meritorious
service.' '; Political -. Influence ". and ¦ personal»fa
voritism - should - not be ¦"• the i| determining < ele
ments-in a teacher's appointment or advance
ment. BBBB8fl»<#<^g3PgBaPBBCtV . ' . ,-:¦ -¦ ',
,. I believe In recognizing honest -worth and In
making the . recognition, substantial > and. prac
tical. ¦ To use the ; colloquial'; expression "hot
air" . Is right enough ' in Its proper, place, • but
is ¦ a • poor reward for years of ¦ patient and
efficient . service. ' . ¦ ¦.',. ¦;..-¦.' ,
• - Of .course "every "one- cannot f hope, to 'obtain
advancement or ' promotion, ' and sometimes,
r when other ; 'things: are' equal, '.¦personal' ac-'
qualntance or friendship may have » an ¦• Influ
ence. . Men . are .-.not . perfect. '¦ Our ; Judgments
are not Infallible. And these things are neces
sarily . incidental . \ ¦
Hxmged for Murder of His Wife.
HULL, Quebec, March 21.— Stanislaus
La Croix, who murdered his wife and an
old man named Thomas, who was en
deavoring to protect her, was banged in
the jail yard here this morning. Contrary
to expectations, La Croix made no state
ment. He said last night he was perfect
ly happy. Radcliffe,, the hangman/ who
was mobbed yesterday for saying that La
Croix would not be the last Frenchman
he would hang, occupied a cell adjoining
La Croix all night.
SOME OF THE LEADING ' PARTICIPANTS 'iN; THE CLOSING BESSION.OF THE ANNUAL - INSTITUTE . OF
-> THE TEACHERS OF SAN FRANCISCO, WHICH WAS HELD-IN.THE MISSION HIGH SCHOOL, AND A
. GROUP OF PEDAGOGUES. . :; . ...' „
TO BESUME DIPLOMATIC
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO
Legislators of Austria -Hungary PciS3
i, a Provisional Bill Introduced by
the Government.
VIEJCICA, March 2L— The Government
bill arranging for provisional consular and
commercial relations between Austria-
Hungary and Mexico was agreed upon in
the upper house of the Reichsrath to-day.
This bill passed the lower house of the
Reichsrath March IS. An Austro-Hunga
rian Minister to Mexico (was appointed
last June. Diplomatic relations between
Austria-Hungary and Mexico had been
interrupted since 1867, the year Emperor
Maximilian was shot.
dered and Gone to the
Bottom.
Mariners Think That She Has Foun-
STEAMSHIP HURONIAN
IS THOUGHT TO BE LOST
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. March 21.-The in
coming shipping brings no report of the
Allen liner Huronian. Captain Brodie,
from Glasgow February 11 for St. Johns,
and row about ore month ovtrdue.
It is generally believed in marifme cir
cles he-re that the Huronian foundereci
¦with all hands or that sho sank as a re
sult of colliding with ice in the North
Atlantic. There is a bare possibility that
she has been caught in the ice floes and
that her crew has been rescued by. some
sealing steamer, as was done in the cast;
of another steamer a few years ago. This,
however. Is thought to be very unlikely.
CAPTAIN COGHLAN SEEKS
COMPLETE REINSTATEMENT
Should He Succeed He Will Become a
Bear Admiral Within a
Year.
WASHINGTON*. March 21.— It is under
stood that Captain Joseph B. Coghlan is
about to be advanced five numbers on the
list of naval captains through the remis
sion by the President of part of the sen
tence of a court-martial from which he Is
•now suffering.
Years ago, when the captain was a
Junior officer, he clashed with the detaii
officer of the Navy Department, and for
writing a sharp letter was court-mar
tialed and sentenced to lose eleven num
bers in his grade. By the special act re
warding the captains of the .United States
fleet engaged In the battle of Manila Bay-
Captain Coghlan regained some of the
lost numbers, and he row seeks to be
completely reinstated. This would place
Captain Coprhlan necond on -the list of
naval captains. Just below Captain Sands,
jumping him over Captains Clark, Cook.
Wise and Yates Sterling, and he would
become a rear admiral in the course of
the year through th»» retirements of Rear
Admirals Remey and Farquhar.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 2L—Indict
ments against former Internal Revenue
Collector Charles E. Sapp, Leonard Par
dons, assignment clerk- under Collector
Sapp, and Joseph Potoning were returned
by the Federal Grand Jury yesterday aft
ernoon and made public to-day. Ball in
each case was fixed at $10,000 by Judge
Evans. Capiases for the accused are in
the hands of the United States Deputy
Marshal. The cases will not come up for
trial until the October term of the Fed
eral Court.
' Two of the indictments are against
Sapp, Parsons and, Potoning jointly, while
a third is against Potoning individually.
The first indictment alleges that on No
vember a, 1899, Sapp, Parsons and Po
toning unlawfully conspired to solicit and
receive assessments and contributions for
political purposes, to wit: To aid and
abet the election of certain candidates for
public offices on the Republican ticket
in Jefferson County. There are six counts
in this true bill and each count alleges a
violation of the civil service regulations
as stated tibove. .It . is further alleged
generally that Joseph Potoning, at the re
quest of Sapp and Parsons, unlawfully
assessed and received $C0 from eac— of the
storekeeper gaugers in the "internal rev- j
enue service in the Fifth District" of Ken- i
tucky. , j
They Are Accused of Levying
Assessments for Political \(
Kentucky Grand Jury
Indicts Former Fed
eral Officer?.
VIOLATE CIVIL
SERVICE RULES
BOARD OPPOSES
INDIVIDUAL CUP
Chief ;ExeGutive^ of This City ..a JStipng Address at the:
Finah Session of ' the Annual : 'Instituted- Professor „ Jordahi
Ably ;Discusses, the Life: - ; and K Habits : ; of the Salmon
MAYOR SCHMITZ PROMISES HIS
SUPPORT TO SCHOOL TEACHERS
School Directors Rule
Against Proposed
Innovation.
Serious Clash Eetwaen Ron
covieri and Woodward
Imminent.
v /'I propose as chairman of the, supply
committee,"' said Roncovieri, "to buy as
many towels as may be needed. I will
continue to- supply them as fast as they
are ' asked i for by the schools, and' when
there, are -no more I will buy a further
supply.'.';- v ". ; ' . , .
Honcovieri is not pleased at the attitude
takenby Woodward on all resolutions In
troduced by the former, and an open clash
between the two directors is imminent.
Roncovieri points to' the fact that his res
, olutions have I been opposed on. all occa
sions by-Woodward. The former is at - a
loss to understand the latter's opposition,
especially as .both were appointed by
Mayor Schmitz. When Roncovieri desired
to have an extra. class in the Telegraph
Hill school Woodward voted against it,
although ¦ Roncovieri voted for Wood
ward's resolution to form an additional
class, in the Marshall Primary School.
Many other Instances . of the Jtind are
cited by Roncovieri, and! It is quite likely
-that- the Mayor will have to pour oil on
.the. troubled waters. ,' Roncovieri does not
think' that Woodward's attitude Is the re
sultof hia not receiving the appointment
to the first vacanpy on the School Board.
" "That, microbe business is all bosh,"
said Denman. jj "Why, .when I was a boy
thene; were 'no: microbe's: ¦ My grandfather'
lived to te 104 years old, my father, died at
the age of 96~and it ; \villnot be long be
fore, 1, am 100 myself. ; That shows thei*e"
are ho microbes, and I am against the in
dividual drinking cup."
'.-Mark and Woodward stood -by Denman!
and i the' resolution was . lost. Koncovieri
was so-muclr-put out at the action of. his
colleagues that he decided not to present
his .resolution' providing for the purchase
of soap and towels. : • ¦
The Board of Education at Its last ex
ecutive session refused to adopt Director
Roncovieri's resolution providing for the
installation of Individual drinking 1 cups in
the schools. > Roncovieri was op
posed by his three colleagues,, although he
urged | the ] adoption of the resolution on
"sanitary grounds. He said that Health
Officer O'Brien had stated that the indi
vidual drinking 'cups } would prevent the
[spread of disease 'microbes.
NettioByley in Court.
'. Nettle Ryley. thewoman who is accused
by Archie Hutchlnson of being. the decoy
for the two footpads who robbed him on
Post street, near Leavenworth, on Friday
. night, March H,".was Instructed and ar
raigned in Judge Cabaniss'' court yester
day on the charge , of. robbery. Attorney
Archie Campbell for the defendant insist
ed upon proceeding at once with the pre
liminary examination, - as . he had "-wit
nesses present v/ho would completely vin
dicate her, but Assistant District Attor-"
ney Hanley urged, a contlnuanceftill Mon
day and the Judge reluctantly consented.
rule, that the knowledge of a pupil's quali
fications sained, by the clasa teacher during
, the .year Is a better and - aafec-'ffulde for pro
> motion than the yearly final written examina
tions. I think the annual utandlnc of the
pupil ;• durlns - the/: term 4: should' be combined
with ;the xesults- of • his examinations to make
up the percentage of his geneftl qualification
for. promotion., ,- . ¦
.^•Thlg Is,*, however, only a suRspatlon and per
haps one.'whlch. la neither expected nor wel
come. ¦ . _ ¦;',-.....• i
\ It Is riven 'In 'arood "parf-and. I trust will be
so received and considered. . > ¦ .
In 'conclusion' I beg you to/remember that
whatever circumstances -or 'conditions may'
arise the teachers of San Francisco may al
ways 'confidently ' beafj' In- mind that during
my incumbency they - will 'ever, have a warm,
enthusiastic and sympathetic friend In the
Mayor's chair, and that at all times his office
Is open to them for conference and ¦ consulta
tion, for assistance ¦ and .^or support.:
After recess David 1 Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Leland Stanford Jr. Unh'ersity,
told "The Story of the Salmon." Not hav
ing: brought the specimens he usally. used
in hl3 lectures on the flnny tribe he ap
pealed to i his auditors ¦ to • Imagine they
were lying on the table. "With the aid of
a. blackboard Professor Jordan Illustrated
his -remarks. The lecture was extremely
interesting and instructive. •• > . . .. • -¦
In closing the session Superintendent
Webster expressed the hope that the ap
proaching vacation would be very benefi
cent" to the teachers' and that they would
enjoy a needed rest. . ....
8
THE VSAyl FRANCISCO CAlLti, SATURDAY, MARCH 22, 1902.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
"• OCEAN TRAVEI*
Pacific Coast. Steamship Co.
1^ i ' - ¦ 'Steamers leav« BroaSway
i *»bL ' 'Wharf. San Francisco:
t2S9£g& For- Ketchikan. Juneao.
i^^t^pk—. Ekagway, etc., Alaska— 11
SOJQyS^ »• m - March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
1 £eV5-33\»« A P r11 *¦ Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
i mSu'' For Victoria. Vancouver.
V -^^KEggSgB p,^ Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
':.,.. coma. Everett. New Wbat-
com-U a. m.T March 7. 12. 17. 22. 2T. April J.
Change at Seattle to. thin company ¦ ** e * m £*
for Alaska »nd G. «?. Ry-: «t Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.,-»t -Vancouver. to C. .P. RT.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
March 8. 13. IS. 23. 29. April 2.
For San -Diego, stopping only at S»n*»
Barbara. Port : Los - Angeles and Redor.do
<Lo» -, Aneeles)— Spok*ne. Sundays. 0 a. m..
State of California. Wednesdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Aniteles. calling at Santa Crni.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucns. Port Harforfl
•Pan Luis Oblspo). Panta Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport rBonlta only).- -¦ - - - •-¦¦)
Ifonita. 9 a. m.. March 7. IB. 23. 31. Aorll S.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19. 27. April 4.
For Ensenada. Magd=,l«sna Bay. San Jose d*l
rabo. Mazatlan. AltataJlA Psff. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.' ¦
For further : information obtain folder.
RlRht Is reserved -to 'change, cteamers or
railing date*. '.--•••
TICKET OFFICE—* ?few Montgomery
•tr^ct (Palace Hntrl). aiW *_lFri 1 1 Mf WttVttj
GOODALL. PF.RKINS A CO.. Oen. A trenis,
'-• '10 Market St.. San Francisco.
POSTUM CEREAL.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
Only |G0. Including meals and berth, for ths
rouncl trip, on board the Paclflc Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaviiig SAI*
FRANCISCO APRIL. Tth. due back April ZUtk
calling at ENSENADA. MAODALENA EAtT
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. San
Francisco. m Ii b"iT7TQONi'1LLi |M ~^-**y
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMER3 -WILL LEAVE WHA1W.. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at i p. m..
r vJ?«. OHAa £ A " nd HONGKONG, canini at
Kobe (Hloso). Xasasakl and Shanghai and con-
ntcUne at Honskone with (teamen forlndU.
etc. No cargo rtcelved on board oa day at
BS. AMERICA MARU...
SB.' HONGKONO-MA < Ruf!.':-.. > ?f. r f b .
SS NIPPON MARXT^?^,^^, 1^*^
Roond-trlp ticket* at reduced rates? Fw
i^t m V 14 P*""«K» *?P»y »» company. ofUca.
421 Market street, corner Flrrt.
¦' ' W. n> AVERT. General Ayent.
PANAMA '"It I •¦BS?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA D1BEST.
- Cabin. $105; Steeras*. $40; Meals Free. . i
6. 6. Leelanaw • calls Friday, .Mar. 2^-
S. S. Arfiyll. sails Friday. May 5
From Howard-street Wharf Pier 10*. at 2 p. m.
Freljtht and Passenger Office, 330 Market «t
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
OceaDics.s.co.ate?
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahtt!. ;...'...
-• '•' Saturday. March 29. 10 a. m.
S3. ALA XI E DA , for Honolulu
• Saturday. March 29. 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for .Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
' land and Sydney ...Thura., April 10. 10 a. m.
I. D. spRECOLSiBROico., Geneiai Ants. , 329 Martst
Gen'IPass. Offlcs. 643 Market St., Pier Ha. 7. PaciCc sl
amehicaw lihtij.
new tork— southampton— london.
Phlladel..Mar.20.10 am St. Louis. Apr. 0 10 am
St. Paul.Apr. 2, 10 am!Phlladel.Apr 16.10 am
XXJilX> STAR OCjUMTU.
• NEW YORK — ANTWERP — PARIS.
Haverfcrd.Mar 2tf. noon South wark. Apr. 9. noon
Frtesland.:Apr. 2, noonlVaterland.Apr. ltt.nooa
-- INTERXATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Cnaa. P.- Taylor. Q. A. P.C... 3O Montg'my.
BAT. AND BIVBB STEAMERS.
FOR U.^^IayT YARD
¦ Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
- 0:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. < Sunday. U:48 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12: JO noon, 6 p. m., excaot
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:19 p. m. Fare i^«
.cents. Telephone Main 15OS. Landlns and -
office, > pier 2.' Miaslon-atreet dock. HATCH
BROS.
LEAVE . SEATTLE.
SENATOR ;.....;,.-......... JUNE 1
STATE OF CAMKORNIA. .;.;....... JUNE 7
Steamships C1TV OP PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving: San Francisco May 2t5 and May 31. r*\
¦pectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elesant steamshlDa Senator and State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year. • landing ail pastcnger* anil freight with-
out loan, mishap or delay. For pansenirer rates
apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery it.
(Palace Hotel). : ' r *
GOODALU PTOKINR & CO., Genl. Agents,
- ."" -10 Market it.. San Francisco.
2 FOR^—
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OR.& N. CO,
j ' • Only Qteainahlp Xjlnn la
/>•;;.;: PORTLAND, Or.,
/¦ndSho'pVRatt" I.Ins from Pop tint I t-» '^11
points Enst. Through Tistcst* t-> nl!
pointy, nil rn' 1 o? «te«m«hlt> nni nil at
i . •• XiOTVBST I«_A.m333
8T£A V,EK TICKBT3 INCLUDE BBRTH mi M3U1
SS.' COL,UMBIA.Ballsr.:Mar.,2J. April 3* l.T 23
SS.> GEO. W/KbDER Satis. ............ ' r-
".i . . , .'.'. . . ..,: . ;..". ,". .Mar.' 29.^ April «"¦ is 28
Steamer nails from foot of Spear st it a m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Oen. Agt.. 1 Mo'ni-y. S. f!
A. Victoria... '.April 10 .'.. nismarck • May 1
Deutschland ¦ . .April 17 '. :olumbla .".'.".' '. May I
i '-wi/lr „.:.».= . , , 3ENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— eillOiCOURC^-HAMBURO
PatiJcia i \ . ... .-. April . 5f Pennsylvania .April' 22
Waldersee April 12 r Pretoria ..".....Apr. 29
Hamburg-American' Lins, 37 B'way. tH Y
: HERZOO- & : CO...aenera» Ajrent. for Paclflc
Coast. 401 California at.. San Francisco.
J4amburg~/tmerican.
TVyiN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
"COFFEE HEARTS."
More Frequent Than Tobacco Hearts.
Coffee drinking frequently affects the
heart, and many cases of heart trouble
are relieved or entirely cured by leaving
off. coffee and taking on Postum Food
Coffee.
A good Illustration is that of a lady who
says: "I was troubled for many years
with my heart, and at times would be-
come unconscious. The children have
many, times run for the neighbors to coine
In and restore me by putting my feet in
hot water and rubbing me.
"Dr. Short frequently told me that cof-
fee was a poison to me and was really
tbe cause of my weak heart. I could not
do without the coffee though, but flnally
the doctor told me it was certain death If
I did not give It up. This was about five
years ago, and J changed from coffee to
PoEtum Food Coffee, ily. heart trouble
gradually disappeared and now I am en-
tirely well— have never used a particle of
coffee since my nrst cup of Postum.
"I gave a little Postum to a lady friend
one day to take home and : try. She re-
ported that she did. not like it at-alL I
found she. boiled' It only five minutes, so I
gave her some more and told her to boll it
twenty minutes.. That was different: She
has been using Postum now. a long time.
\ "It cured her daughter of liver trouble,
restored her fresh, pretty complexion, and
cured the mother from ' headaches, from
which she suffered severely." Mrs. M.
Douglas, 607 : Plum street, Ind. '
'\\'\' "'-V ' '""" ". AJDVEBTISEMENTS^ ] ': '_¦ ' ¦ ¦___-_ : f'_-j_
Saved -from Rum and ' Despair by
} - Dvdii E. H' Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.* \ \
LHlie E. Sinclair's Letter and Portrait "Here Pub-
'Ished to Lead Other Sick Girls to Be Cured.
S Is thereliny thing; more truly pathetic than the crjr for health tha. *orinj«
from the anguished heart of a young girl, — a beautiful girl who sees head
only suffering and uncertainty ? - t v' • ¦".•-- ;
j But O, what joy and gladness her young heart pours forth when she re-
alizes that her deadly, enemy is gone, — banished forever.
\ v This sunshine and joy is now,! the happy portion of Miss Lillle Sinclair of
• -.Chicago, whose letter and portrait we herewith publish." . •
! She often tells of her suffering and pain so excruciating, — the doctors
1 instead of recoring the cause* of her ailment prescribed stimulants, and her
1 letter which follows will tell her own . story , and should be read by every
; young lady in the land, for it is a true and heartfelt statement from a young
1 lady, who" believes it to be her, duty, not only to Mrs. Pinkham, but to all
young girls, to tell what has been done for her so that some other poor suf-
ferer may be induced to take I^ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
¦¦ and be restored to health as she was.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham at Ijynn, -Mass., if
there is anything about your sickness you do not understand*
; ''¦'¦ She will treat you with kindness and her advice is free. ;;
V MISS TJLTJE E. SIXCLAIR, ;" ,
' P 1 ! 63^ 611^ Womans' Century Bicycle Club, Chicago, 111.
¦¦'¦ " Dear Mns. Pixkham :t-I wish to thank you for the help and ben-
efit I have; received through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound and Liver Pills. When I was about seventeen
years old I suddenly seemed to lose my usual good health and vitality.
1 Father said I studied too hard, but the doctor thought different and pre-
scribed'tonics,- which I took bv the quart without relief. Reading one
day in the paper of Mrs'.- Pinkham's great cures, and finding the symp-
toms described /answered mine, I decided I would give Xydia E. Pink-
. hani's Vegetable Compound a trial. ; I did not say a word to the
doctor ; I bought it myselT/and took it according to directions regularly
•for- two ; months, and "I; found that' I gradually improved, and : that all
pains left me and I was my old self once more.- I can ride fifty and one
hundred miles on my wheel, can run, jump and enjoy outdoor life, as I
am in perfect health ; thanks to' you. Yours very truly, Lillik E.
17 E. 22d St., Chicago, 111/' " ' -
IfLydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound Will cure one
"woman— why not you— you cannot tell until you try it. If you are
ill, and really want to get well, commence its use at once, and do
not let any drug clerk persuade you that he has something of his
own which is better, for that is absurd. Ask him to produce tho
evidence we do. -¦'-.= •• '~ : yl'- ¦• ' • ? >">;'"
I'&Fflfkft *¦£ Y±.^?- ~ W^ haT * d «P<>««««» 1»h the Xatfonal City Bank of Lynn. MOCO.
I '" khilllll 7 hi< £^ lll^P* ld t0 »nyp«rjK)nwhoc*n find that the above twtiaoSaf Sto
I SullUU Steto?" 1^ 01 ° r W " P r Ji h<^ b « fo fl obtalnia ll »»• special per-
|_y WW.VA> mlgaloa. Lydla E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Maai.
' /soap responds to water in-
: ' ' stantly; washes and rinses
> a twinkling-.
It is tlie finest toilet soap
1 - . -. . "\- ¦:¦:• ¦ ¦'¦'¦.¦-- •¦ .¦ . r ;
!/;m all the world: ; j; ;
J '¦- - 1 ' -" RutabUnhert over ico j»ears.' '"¦',
1 R8BB»l»»gKV'iga'ft»i6Sgy^a<t,'i,*>aJ*L'J* J j6.-VV
1 fffMlwmXT %$ir tirn rtt ptfH™B&m*RfR&
% . momsMh . Iflfl HjMa ' ¦¦ . u^VVKisUHa
BBS *^^j _ESfsrtiM^B^MMJESL»cFM Ivl "tj^."hii
! NEW-WESTERN HOTEL.
|^ EARNT "AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
av modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. Burooean plan. -Rooms. 60c to SI 60 dar^
$8 to >b week; «8 to S20 month. - F?ee bath»|.
hot and cold water every; room: tin grates -in
¦every room: elevator rum all night. ¦ ¦.--/
. ; OCEAN '.TRAVEL.* "' 7
PACIFIC; STEAM^MlGATlllo;
•And Cia Sud Americana: d3 Vapqres
To^ Valparaiso, stopping ' "at : Mexican. ' Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard 3. ipler/lO, • 12 m. '-¦:.'- • \ ¦¦ '
COLOMBIA .".April 6 GUATEMALAl.Aw —
TUCAPEL/. ..April ll» PALKNA .V,V. . May —
: These steamers are I built expressly for Cen-
tral and 8outh American passenger service (No
change af Acaptltco or Panama): y Freight and
passenger 'office.* 816 -California street
- BALFOUR. GUTHRIE& COi.- Pen. Agents.
¦ ' • J .•- ..'. "j # . .¦ :, f l v _. , f \ ¦-.,..
}'¦: Winter :Trail Now Open to
' For. passenger, and express- rates apply to
I ; . : TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY.
' .' : ¦¦';¦; "¦ --"J ¦'•;' ' f ',", • '.CfOf^fri building." -
:. Operating''' stags lines 4 between" Illamna Bay
and above points. ' ¦¦¦.¦'. _ . i ,•;.-,
COMPABHIE fiEHBRlLE • TEASSATLAKTIQUE
. DIRECT. LIKE . TO HAVRE-PARIS. ; '^-. '
Sailing- every* Thursday, instead of iffffrjQk
Baturdfty. at 10 a. m./from pier 42. 25fls«aS
North. River, '<; foot of -Morton street. :
;¦ First class to Havre. |70 and upward." Second
class' to >Mavre,: $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY -FOR UNITfiD .STATES and' CAN-
ADA. :\ 32 Broadway ' (Hudson building). New
York.v J. i F.-. FUGAZI ¦; A ' CO.. - Pacific , Coast
Agents,": 5 Montgomery ' avenue.^ San Frandaco "
Ticket* .sold by all Railroad . Ticket • Agents.
I ¦ • * s^0^^ • !
j The Lmp.re j
| . : Where taste is the test; flavor |
§ -. Is the umpire, hence It is that' |
¦ -. the -. . ¦ • ,'•: .. . . .-- ? I
l:.^ ,-;..:¦¦}:;¦;¦::. rr \
I Old, Rich, Mellow Flavor I
| :; ¦¦¦•¦¦' ¦¦¦¦¦•'¦; .¦¦¦¦ : . : - < v ; '.'¦•' '¦.•¦!
! Hunter I
? - *¦•¦*,." :'!*• " . ' ¦'.'¦' ;- '' * ';' ' ' •
|altiioreRye
I The Most Popular |
i Whiskey in America I
§*>.''.¦¦: ¦": ¦ t :)¦'¦.'./'¦ '• ' ' -i . ¦ ¦¦ i
*: ¦/- - : - ,-Xv, : ,\z./ : :, i
? ¦ '¦ SJSiJXS^ 1815 COMMISSION CO.. Iae., I
t : . . . ~?* «*Oal« oral* St., S«n Franelsco.GuS I
| -..--,. . ; ¦ < ¦; •-; Telephone Main 171- ~^ | ;ST. , LOUIS,', March 21. — Three nf the largest
trustt companifs *in :^ St.* I^ouls (the I Colonial.'
iMisscurilind, Oermanla) have consolidated un
der one management,* with a working capital of
J7.C00. U00. VJ 1 The n consolidated > company • will ' be
known as the Colonial Trust. Company. '¦ - .. ' •
' CAPE TOWN, March 22.— The _• .weather
here is cooler ' and it Is raining- ' Last
night Cecil Khode^wa3 breathing better
and took nourishment, but his heart was
weaker: According to the latest report,
isaut-d at midninrht last night, the, patient
was restless and decidedly weaker.
¦Ach had been too busy to complete their
brief. •
i-VI wanted the aid of attorneys in look
ing up the. authorities in this matter, but
if: i don't get It- 1. .will have to look; them
up myself," said Judge Ogden.
"It is not fair for my, client to be har
assed ; with , all of these depositions while
this- matter is hung up in^the Superior
.Court."; said Mr. Snook. .
"I have nothing to do with what is go
in*' on in 'other courts and other places,"
replied Judge Ogden; "and it will take ma
¦ a- week to look uj these matters.'*
1 The case was then continued for a week.
Bhodes Grows Weaker.
.'%There:;hadf' been/ no^troublo^with; him
until last! night, when": he ..threatened to
1 kill \ his ' vWif e v and • took " a hatchet : to • bed
•with" hini.'-l This; morning -he'- was Uurned
; over '„- to] J .the t , authorities. % Dunn"
•and ¦ Medros decided that .he : sh6uW be
"committed and 'Judge Ogden so '• ordered.' -
¦ Cigarettes and bverstudy .unhinged the
mind of > Joseph" D.l Flannagan, formerly
private secretary of.bivislon^Superlntend'
cnt A.'D. ; Wilder, at; the* Oakland-: ; mole.'
: and \ to-day .'Judge ¦ .Ogden-. committed : hlni'
lOtthV State Hospital -for the ",'InsaneVat
? Aghews.v ;';,;.; vvV ( ;r;'7^ K )>k U-'j.-l •'.'•'.,'¦ \ • -.
.'Flannagan :has> done, no ' work since; he
left '.the; employ: of the ; railroad" seven ;
years? ago.' ; .- During .'.this J tlrrie {ho v has;
: smoked ! on 1 an "averag-ej of for ty , cigarettes
c . day. and ' has J read j fourteen j hours j ou t; of.
I. ihe^> twenty-four.. 'His wife and sister. both
iisald >that\ Flannagan had . not- been r strong
and r that [the , strain iupbn; his nervousTsj s^ :
¦ t-i m Vfrom ; the '* cigaret tes , and • "... upon ¦ his
¦mental : system "¦_ from Ulie : had
unbalanced, his ml nd r^i^Su^SS^^^S^jfi .
i *j.The ; patient") exhibited- a- great' command
'of f &nd'^ told ; the ¦ court't'offlcials
;Uiat i he *¦ had '" _rcad.' \ everyV book • .1; that - he
"could; get -possession! of in.'order^ ; toitry'to'
;s6lve\the7rayStery/of ithefunlverste/.'and^he
', believed t that i he , had : nnally^ done^this: , He
! had (delved j Into 5 the * occult Tand '^asserted :
.t'iiatvthe" Bible jwas ~\ "poorly2writteri. T * . <: ' V
• lilS Broadway.VMarch 21. -
\ . •' Oakland Office San Francisco Cali,
:. The'; motion vof M. Lasles .waa amended
,by . M: .Leherisz, - Revisionist. \ to Include M.
Deroulede,' ¦ and.. "the: "other . frenchmen
.who were ¦ condemned ,by the High \ Court. ;
M." Leheriaz's. amendment : was: rejected.^ >
•"'The"Chamber*follo'wedltne 'adojjtion ;of
.-amnesties 'by, '^ an", incomprehensible "per-i
jforinahce..; it. first proceeded ; to adopt ad- 1 ,
ditional ;anihe8tles,';* including *: offenders!
against , : the ¦,. game : and ;¦ f orestry ..v.; laws, 1 
coachmen," ; streetcar, conductors,^ etc.,; at
.the 'request-; of various "members; of :' the
jbody;; • r >''.!''-;;-'- v '' | -.'': 1 f';~"' v •-.-; • .-' : ¦•¦ '¦¦:¦. .-•;
•i f.Thi?n :p when 'M. '-Lefeles*-.' intervened ;"and!
I -said' it: Was impossible* to cbntinue' in jthal-
"'PARIS,. March 21.— The ¦ Government
sustained' a slight check in the Chamber
of Deputies to-day. 'M. Viviani, Socialist,
proposedv that 'amnesty be granted to-,the
¦ worKmen* scntenced'-'tb \ Imprisonment ; for
I offenses,, in. connection .'witn. strikes, and
that amnesty.- be also granted uo ; writers
imprisoned ,tor/ breaches of laws • dealing
with anarchist writings. . . . ' .
- The .of Public Instruction,. M;
Lcygue8,.; opposed a discussion : of the
proposition ~ on ; the -groundlthat its;word
ing .might .lead. to t regrettable .conse-"
quences..,: - -.-.. , .,.,•?',:-..-.; ¦!.-.; V. - • ; ;
The •' Chamber,.'- nevertheless,'- ¦ by "253 - to
204 'votes, decided .to rdlscues; the- propo'si-'
tlon, of .which, the first portion, the grant
ing of amnesty ;to imprisoned 1 - strikers,
was adopted by a "big majority.". The; por
tion* of,, the proposition, dealing wlthj an
archist wHtings:. was 'rejected by. a vote
Of ?.O9 to 150. . ¦ : ¦¦- ; .' - , : ' . • , .:¦ ¦
%, M.; Lasie8ranti-Seml.te,-,then moved "that
:amnesty. be .extended .to; military '• offend
ers, ; excepting those under sentences if or.
treason.' '• -The -.motion' was . adopted; by : a"
VOte>Of-286 to 109. '--.-." --->.:;>
March v 2l'—A? confer-!
/encejOnlCuban^affalrs^wiir be held in*; this";
' city ;to-morrow; between Governor. General)
Wood,* who '; Is i ' nowlon'; his -way >. to.\Wa3h
-. lngtqh'.'Jand* the I President "and ;, the ,'Secra- ¦
: tary • of «War.^ It"; isHprbbable i that ; - Palm'ai '
President-elect : of ¦ Cuba,;, who Ms . expected' '
: .to'be':ln*Washington;to-morro^-*-als6.iwill-'
, be^ Invited to confer v with the President ¦ in :
.regards to i the proposed? transfer* of,-:. the
: government' of ) the 5' island .to;his*.chargfe.
: General 1 ., Wood twas * especially - summoned!
; to.'»Washington I- by t the '^President * to 1 ar-
' range for the. transfer."' . ; y
The. SuprenTe Ccurt' decided yesterday,
that i the" Public Administrator instead of
the • appoiritee^.of .^the' brothers was .en-'
titled to ; letters. of administration in the.
estate of I Naomi Wakefield, who perished'
with her/ mother? in' the: Rio; de Janeiro
disaster.-;.:; i'llVy ¦:l- 1 ''. : ''-0ii ":' ¦'/:'¦"¦
The brothers of the dead girl -selected
Ruth' 1 Miller, for- administratrix j and ' the
PubHci/Admlnlstrator i* brought l^ult.*^; He
contended > that A the;;"Wakefields- did; hot
succeed • to 'the - ; property. /..The , law estab-
Ds-lies : his ; ground tha t • the , daughter.; died'
first/ Her ¦ property ; th^n , reverted .to > tho
mother,;• The • latter.'die'd : teetate and'the
twci sons "are the } beneficiaries of her, will.
; The i court : upholds * this •; contention, \ de
clarirp: authoritatively ; that "the^brothiirs
do not -Ruccsed ?to-, their sister's ¦¦, estate.:
The*, Public-Administrator .is . .therefore
gran ted, the letters of: administration.' •; ?
Conf erenceVon , Cuban- AfEairs.
PUBLIC 'ADMINISTKATOB ' '\vA
.: "WINS IMPORTANT SUIT
LONDON, March ,21.— Lord Francis
Hope was granted a divorce to-day on the
ground .of, the misconduct of his wife
(May.Yohe) wlth'Putnam Bradleo Strong
of New York.
Counsel for, Lord Hope tengthily detailed
the marriage of his client to May Yohe.
their visit to the United States in 1C00.
the meeting with Strong and the subse
quent intimacy of the respondent and co
respondent, ending with their departure
for Japan under the name of Mr. and.Mrs.
J. F. Smith. Lord Hope, wiio is still suf
fering from the ¦ amputation of his leg,
corroborated counsel's statement. He
said he had no suspicion whatever of his
wife .when he' left her alone in a. flat in
New York. He first noticed a change m
•her behavior* at the end of March. . 1301.
.and in April his wife insisted on a separa-
Afhdavits in proof of the misconduct of
Lady Hope were read and the decree with
costs was pronounced, v
LORD -"HOPE FBEED
FKOEMAYYOHfi
¦ ¦-'" *•' ¦;¦'.¦ ¦; ','.' f ... ; i, .,-¦'."../....:¦
Flannagan Smokes Forty
of the Health' Destroy- :.;
ers:al)ayji ; ;
French Deputies W aste
Four Hours' Gran ting
>:¦ ¦":¦:¦ 'Amnesties. 0
MIND UNHINGED
BY CIGARETTES
SANTA : CRUZ. March -f n:-«A - few
days ago ¦-. an elderly..;-; '"gentleman
named <¦ Notley* had a narrow !es-.
cape from death near -Boulder Creek.
On the way home he became,' tlredVand
6at'dowr> to rest on the side of.' the.' track. '
He fell - ai? leep -and the train -came upon
him suddenly. ' '• • : ¦ '
The engineer saw him lying across the
track and attempted to stop the- train.
-The fireman saw that it was impossible
to stop it before it reach Notley.,so ho
Jumped from the cab, .ran ahead of the
engine and- pulled Notley off the 'track
just as the engine was-.i. within -a . few
Inches of him. -'. v> " ' ..•..•
JUMPS FHOM THE CAB, \, ;•."': ''. ,
SAViES A- MAN'S- LIPE
The Civil Service Commission . will hold
the examination for . promotion from j ser
geant to lieutenant in the "examination,
chamber, City Hall, on April 10,1902, be
ginning at 1 p. m. The scope of the ex
amination will include general knowledge
of duties of the rank to which the appli
cant seeks to be promoted; writing of re
ports,* arithmetic, spelling and hand
writing.
Seniority in service: will be based on
service in the Police Department from the
date of original appointment. The senior
applicant will be given the highest credit.
100; each other applicant will lose two
credits for each year's difference between
hia service and that of the senior appli
cant. :. ¦ . , I . .
¦ In marking merltorlus public service
each applicant will be penalized in ac
cordance with the following schedule for
each time he has' been convicted on
charges before the Police Commissioners:
Absence from beat 20, asleep on duty 20.
assault < 20, cowardice 50, exceeding authority
20, Insubordination 25, intoxication SO, intoxi
cation (second offense) 100, neglect of dufy 20,
all other offenses 20 .
Applications must be filed before March
WILL HOLD EXAMINATION
; TOR POLICE FBOMOTZOZf
way;and aaked the Chamber to reject. all'
the amnesties, the Deputies • calmly.' went
back on their cwn votts and a new vote, of
2?i -to . 221 annulled^ every , amnesty.;' Just
adopted.' .. ' ' , '.
» After thus -wasting four hours ; the
Chamber -resumed: •.work.*--;-By a vote : of
443 to : 64 it adopted Uhe * shipping .bounty
bill; ; which. . as - modified*, by.', the .- Senate,
limits 'the; total \ of,- navigation f bounties to
200.000.000 x francs-* and^-.the construction
bountiest'to*50.000.f)00 francs. '. \ ¦ ¦
The' MacDonald" :hcme: was, owiied by
Charles Lundean.of ..San .Francisco ••• and 1
was valued -at ; about $2500. Nothingwaa
saved out of the ; house, : and MacDonald'e
loss is complete, for he carried no insur
ance on his effects. . The 'damage to the
Sholte' property; Is i $100 „ and, to Lyona'
about 5*5.* - ' - -'"- ' '."•':".,' '.: -:.yy: .: '¦ ':
Mr. and "v Mrs. MacDonald reached this
¦ city from - San Francisco . at . 12 :30 o'clock,
Mrs. 'bore up well and was
taken to the, residence of. her sister, Mrs..
A: McClellan, on : Mary i street. Mr. ¦ Mac-
MacDonald's Loss Complete.
When- the girl reached the sidewalk
neighbors • rushed ' -, to '« the doors of the '
house, but: could not^get in. so rapidly hud
th* flames made their -way. Some delay,
was occasioned in turning in an alarm,
and the fire department, did not arrive,
until theroof had fallen in and the house
next' door, that of, J. M. Sholte, at- 2227
Grant . street, ..was * on ' fire. ; Only one:
stream; was available,- and with ; this ¦ the'
.volunteer- firemen -saved ¦ the .Sholte resi
dence after it .had .received o., severe ex
terior scorching. The roof of ".William
Lj-ons'- house qn Mary street was ignited
by sparks in several places, but the place
was gp.ved. '. ¦ ¦• - ;.
fire was [ burning fast. • and I was scared,;, too.
: :i< The' hcrolne.'pf 'the- fire is the- daughter
of '.James: Campbell of California street,
Uhis city.,. She has been employed. at Mac-
Donald.' s. in the care of the children. for
r some . time. Although .'painfully burned;
her wounds are not etvere enor.gh~,ta leave
-senrs. '.-¦ -•-•/¦',..-• . • -'
was formerly a barber. here,
but has spent the past ¦ season- in- the
Alaska gold , fields and will - return there
again' this -year. " /. "..'.'..•'. ¦¦--¦— . :
After the fire Winnie Campbell fled to
the : home of Jtrs. 1 ". J. Lavelle at 2223 Mary
streetand, weeping hysterically., asked if
'she. -.would. .be*, blamed '.for; ths fire. "•: Mrs/
Layelle .comforted "her and , dressed her
burned face and hands., She also cared
for. .the MacDonald .children until : their
parents arrived and : then they . and their
rescuer were taken ' to ' the -'¦¦ McClellan
home.' None of. tlie. children were burned. 1
The baby's face was pressed to; the girl's
'dr'ess- when she carried. It through, the
¦flames and; tta;tender flesh was thus kept
•from the; heat. .-:-'• - ...,,-.
Donald's 'praise of the child who saved
his; children is unstinted. ''She deserves
great credit,',' he said, feelingly; "she de
serves great credit. ¦ It was. remarkable
presence of mind and she savefl- our chil
dren. We lost everything, but We have
much to^be thankful fbr." -.* r
';* , ,.-''".*. !¦ ¦ ' . — ¦ ' ¦¦ i. - - :.¦¦¦.¦..-.¦¦ — - . ' . k - - • . - - -... . ¦¦- — ¦
FOURTEEN-YBAR-OED HEROINE AND THREE'. -CHIlBrEN: OF' MR.
J AND/MRS. HUGH MA'CDONALT) . ;TW6'OF 'WHOafi/.TOfeETHER ytaTH':
THEIR TWO BABY SISTERS, 73 HE 1 RESCUED 1<"ROS1 DEATH. ': ' '; '
r. (.... ¦-.' ¦ ' •;.--- ; ..-. '.: •' " ' ~ rr '. \ ¦¦. '.'¦" — ~ .-¦-¦•.¦ •¦ ; - :.- •'
Rtsslvcd, That we characterize as entirely
baseless and opposed to the well-known facts
the statement made by a leading advocate of
the bill that the employment of Asiatics in the
trans-Pacific trade Is made necessary by their
"greater powers of endurance": and further
Resolved,. That we call. upon our Represen
tatives in Congress to work for the Inclusion
of American seamen of all classes in the terms
of the ship subsidy bill In order that so far as
possible the tendency of that measure may be
toward the creation of an American merchant
marine in fact as. well as in name; and fur
ther
Resolved. That a. cony of these resolutions
be forwarded to the Senators and Representa
tives from California in Congress.
Resolved, By tne San Francisco Labor
Council that v v* resard this action as incon
sistent with* the cstenslble purposes «of the
ehip subsidy bill «I. e... to- eneourace the
growth of a body, of American seamen credit
table to the nation . in time of peace and re
liable for purposes of defense In time of war)
and ££ &n unjust and indefensible discrimina
tion arainst the. honorable calling of the sea
man; and further . • •
The San Francisco Labor Council last
nl? ht adopted the following resolution
cfter a long debate:
Whereas. The United States Senate in pass
ing the ship subsidy bill on March 17 defeated
the "sAilor cla-iise." which excluded from the
benefits of said bill alt- vei-seis carrying- in
their crewe Chinese or other persons not eligi
ble for citizenship; therefore be it
LABOR COUNCIL OPPOSES
CHINXS3 CREWS ON VESSELS
QUEER ACTIONS
OF LEGISLATORS
Toward 'noon Winnie started a: gasoline
stove and put some potatoes on to cook.
The stove was In the kitchen, and beside
- a: door, which was the only entrance Into '
the -room, where the baby. ¦ Helen, was
asleep. The three- other children — I.aur
ine, aged 2: Christina, aged 4, and Mary,
aged 6— were in an adjoining room play
.lng. Some of their wants required Win
nie's attention- arid she: was gone from'
the kitchen several minutes. On her re
turn the room was In flames and the fluid,
thrown from' the stove was causing a
rapid destruction of the woodwork.
. The little heroine , tells , her story mod
estly, diffidently in fact, for. only ; after
numerous questions did all of it come out.
-;':xv ••'¦:¦¦-.; : "¦>;.-¦,••¦'¦ ,
bravery Winnie went about her task of
rescue, and -when the startled neighbors
arrived on the scene they ; found her safe
with her little wards, suffering from pain
ful burns, .but 'over joyed.-, that '.she had
saved, her charges and herself from. the
flames.-. • . .-
The girl is a heroine' to all : but herself.
She' doe's" not: realise what. she has^done.
She was left to. care for 'the children,;* she
said, and that seemed to her • sufficient
reason why her cheeks should be blistered
and . her hands made, red and swollen in
saving them. Her great anxiety was that
she would be blamed- for the fire, so little
did she know what she had really accom
plished.'. Winnie was- left alone with five
children this morning, Mr. and Mrs. Mac-
Donald having gone to San Francisco,
where Mrs. MacDonald, who is ill, is un
der medical treatment. Owing to her con
dition, her husband was compelled to ac-'
c6'mpahy : . her across the. bay. Grant, 'the
eldest child, aged .8, was sent . tcft school,
and the four others remained in the glrlls
pharge. '*?. "- '¦
¦'¦'-¦•' Finds Room in Flamesr
' C.'-D. Dunann, who- waa recently ap
pointed general passenger agent of .the
Pacific ' Coast Steamship Company, ar
rived from the north yesterday and is a
guest at the Palace. He was accompan
ied by J. D. Farrell, president of the
company. Mr. Dunann comes here to
take charge of the steamship company's
affairs. As has already been published
the ' company intends building a new
steamship to take the place of the
wrecked Walla Walla. The new passen
ger :agent states he will co-operate wilh
Goodall," Perkins & Co., ( who for many
years have acted as the agents of the
steamship company. '
¦Mr.: Farrell stated last evening that he
would stay here several days and Inspect
the holdings, of his . company.. He' said
there* would be no curtailment -of - the
company's employes, but an effort would
be made to build up the business. "Our
aim." said Mr. Farrell, "is to hold our
present business and get as much more a3
we. "can." •
- Mr. Farrell was unable to say when the
"new steamship would be ready . to ply .
between this port and the "north.
NEW1Y 'APPOINTED AGENT 1
,\; HERE, TO TAKE CHARGE
The doubt as to the cause of the death
of Nathan Jacobs has been entirely dis
pelled. He had been a sufterer from
Bright's disease and fatty degeneration
of the heart for some time, and was in
the habit of taking potions in order to
f,et sleep. He retired Wednesday evening
in the best of spirits, set his alarm cIock
and made all preparations to go to his
•work in the morning. It is thought that
he went to . take his medicine as usual
and In mistake took a dose of cyanide of
potassium, which was on the stand. The
fctomach, on examination by City Toxi
cologist Charles L. Morgan, showed that
potassium cyanide had been taken, this'
giving rise to the suicide theory. • ¦
llr. .Jacobs • was . a native son, 44 years
old 'and sx. traveling- .salesman, tor Calm,
Nlckelsburg &. Co. He had been with
that .firm twenty-five years and' was re-
garded as one of the best and most popu
lar men In its employ. He was a mem
ber of the Elks, the Pacific Coast Com
mercial Travelers' Association and ' the
United Commercial Travelers. The Elks
have charge of the funeral, which will
be held to-morrow, at 2 p. m. The pall
bearers will be chosen from the organi
sations to which he belonged and his per
sonal friends. The body will be interred
in Holy Cross Cemetery.
TACTS POINT TO ACCIDENT
AS THE CAUSE OF DEATH
•i.City. Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday in reply, to a question of the Board
of. Supervisors "whether or not the a '
ter- gives the board, upon recommenda
tion of the Mayor, the power to create
the position of cashier of the license de
partment of the Tax Collector's office,
and if such power Is- given, must the ap
pointment be made from the civil service
list." The attorney saya:
• My opinion is that whenever the Mayor
rhall recommend to the Supervisors that they
authorize the appointment of an additional
' employe in. any department; the ¦ Supervisors,
by an afflmatlve vote of fourteen members,
¦ may authorize such appointment. Such addl
tional cashier would be an additional em
ploye under the Tax Collector. „ Inasmuch as
the Tax Collector ' has power to appcinc out-,
side of the civil service -list but one cashier
for his ¦ department, ' on additional cashier, K
allowed by the board, must be appointed . in
' conformity with the civil service article.
Pending the holding of an examination
for the position for. which there are now
no civil service eligioles. the Tax Collect
or will appoint Hugo Herzer to the place
if the board adopts the - recommendation
¦of the Mayor that it be created.
CASHIER MUST COJIE FROM
THE CIVIL SERVICE MST
".; J Collins Assuines Aggressive.
" • Henry. Ach , who represents Mr. i Collins,
the '.-plaintiff , ' assumed -the ageressive
•again and has i declared that he will -have
another round or. two with Mr.' Daniels
!before ; City .'Justice Stetson. \*It is hoped
Hhat.'the Justice *of the -Peace" will have
'the .power. to. force.'ar.swer8 from the gen
eral manager of ;the and .prevent
him from walking out of the room as he
did- before.,! Charles E.;- Snook, who"rep
•resentsmost of- the. defendants, says that
fthe* Justice-, of ,, the.-Peace'. has net; more
•¦¦ po v/er - than . a notary- and , that he derives
his '. poWer ' to^ take ; depositions from the
same section of _the' code that a - notary
or 'a >Court* Commissioner does.' . -iSBtOM
,,When this :move ; of Henry; Ach. was
made Charles E." Snook went before Judge
.Ogden; in whose court the litigation is
I pending; and » called ..the \ attention of . the
¦court to^ this. new,' move and' asked thai a
decision: b«« given at" once -upon ¦¦ his de
murrer ,to Mr. Collins'/ complaint- in ord«r
to: prevent bhis client. -Mr., Daniels., from
> being .taken before- so \ many different: of
ficers. • Mr. Snook : called -the attention of
; th e J court ¦ to \ th e fa cts . tha t the attorney*
'for, the plaintiff -had -not.flled'.their., brief
upon -the 1 demurrer, .j that i tbev. had '- been
'gran ted, several' extensions and -'he wanted
a dfcf'sion. handed ; down at once,; '. : .,.-' is.*-.
: •t.T.'W.- Richardson^- who "a'lr.o represerts
Mr. Collins,- replied, thatboth he and' Mr.-
What has become of the $117,500 that Dr.
Pardee secured .is a matter of speculation
by those who have watched the progress
of this , falling out between the partners
in the newspaper business. It Is also, a
matter of private business, but when
. there Is . a lot of litigation pending . and
' when there . is a .fight for Governor ¦ on
hand to which this private business seems
to apply the people who buy newspapers
ana who make- Governors . are given to
speculation. It" is said . that Dr. Pardee
had a note In the Oakland Bank of Sav
ings that -amounted to some $50,000,' rep
resenting what he had borrowed for his
own uses. There is also . said to - be in
the same bank; a note for 510,000 given by
Henry P. Dalton, representing the amount
of money 'spent in Dalton's endeavor to
beat Victor H.'Metcalf for Congress.
Those who have- been figuring sub3tract
$50,000 from the $117,500 and wonder if the
balance, amounting to $C7,5C0, .Is to be a
campaign fund. But there are those who
doubt this and', they say that the bal
ance 'must have something to do in some
way with the $53,000 note of the Enquirer,
particularly as that note was paid the
Very next day. Those who figure in the
S55 000 Enquirer note add it, to the $50,000.
making $105,000 out *of the $117,500. . This
wouid still' leave $12,500 for a campaign
•fund,' or if might be applied to the Dalton
note, and they figure that. if the latter
¦ were the case the , campaign fund would
be very small. •¦' ' . ' ¦•¦'.'.- ••
'There have been business, and financial
!rumors - surrounding, this peculiar litiga
tion ' also political rumors .that have been
agitating Alameda' County. «. Some of Dr.
Pardee's political friends in his home
county have urged him -and his. friends,
Daniels and' Dalton.- to' settle the . Case
without any more-publicity, than has: al
ready -. been had. Some of . these friends
who havo befcn so .urging are not candi
dates for. -office, but: same of them are.
> and there ¦ are fears ' on •¦ the • part ¦ of some
6f i, them ¦ that ' a. trial > might affect the
campaign for Governor in. this county and
there are-fears on the. part of others that
the threatened trial .'might ;injure some
local aspirants for county offices'.
t So when the battle '"was renewed to-
Say *by both sides' at once the onlooker*
began Uk hold their : breath "anrl - wonde
what was coming next. .Some of the loc:»
candidates for ; cfflco are taking: to the'e
bombproofs in the. fear, tliat .they might
be .-struck „ by a; flying shell, and this, 1 is
' making the campaign in . Alameda County
very backward. this spring. .; - - ¦ , /
,.' Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
, 1318 Broadway, March 21.
The. Enquirer trouble; broke out afresh
to-day in Superior and Justice courts, and.
,.the'!lijng; calm that has surrounded this
sensational, litigation is apparently to be
followed by^ a storm tnat will be worse
than 1 the first onei The developments of
the 1 : flay •• weite . the : efforts of Charles j E.
; Snook, representing Henry P. Dalton. Cf.
3.;- Daniels and the majority directors of
i the Enquirer Company to have
; their, demurrer to the complaint of D.
;.l$dwar& Collins finally, settled: and the
Serving cf .the notice by Henry Ach that
j he ; would have the depositions of G. B.
j Daniels taken -.before Justice ot the Peace
Stetson ;on Wednesday afternoon next.
Jt Is expected by this move that Mr. Dan-
Itls. will be compelled to answer befora
the; Justice of the Peace the questions
that 'lie. refused to answer before the
Court Commissioner.
-; These '/moves , have renewed -the battle
withdouWe-force-and g-»ve . innlcatlon that
the com'est-.is to be'Xorced to the bitter
tmish tihat "was'i promised when the liti
ffatiQiij;Cwas,r begii'n. v It indicates, all
rumoraof^a^comnromise to the contrary
notwithstanding,'' that Mr. Collins is to
bring 'to .a. ,h«aa/and a trial, his demand,
for an accfauiitingvfrom his'.feilow stock
holders in . thfi no matter
whethef.these stockholders be only o. f B.
Danlefe'-or. Dr. George C. .Pardee and
Henry- P.'. Dalton:'/ . ; ' "•¦¦,
- -.; <¦;¦ Rumors' )i»f Comprcinise.
¦ .Thesje." rumors ''op a' compromise have
Leen* Jtcatlng 'afiont- OaKland : very per- j
fristently'-uuriiig 1 the recent lull in" the pro
ceedingsV-«rfa ;¦ they-' hayje ' -not ,*b«en witn
/out*-'foip}$a,upib v- : 'inhere " have been meet
ings betweeri; Dr. /George C<; Pardee and
Us iSdward ; jjplltns, : Jn^which Dr. Pardee
suggested "to : Mr." collms,'. only as one In
¦.lirectlyplrifereatod'jH 1 '^ the - paper, that it
would --de. weii .tojsettletheJlugatlon. Dr.
Hareiee^ having-; denied^ a- proprietary but
aamlttetj^ air" lndors^r's.inusrest, appeared
before -Mr.- Collins '.only, in the latter car
paclty.'v-The sugge'stions for peace were
rhst'with ttieV'statement by Mr. Collins
that-fie-coulQ 001/ accept. what was de
manded, in, his complaint, .but that if a
•rale of -the/stock was to T>e made, an
agreed jprice' 1 might "be fixed from which
could be d«,aucted the amount of damages
.to be awarded as an outcome of the pend
ing suit: • ;- ; ••---- •--. . •..?
¦ it is probable : that the 'rumors ot the
ftmpromise :'¦' came .from • some 3l!ght
knowledge-of -these meetings,; and as the
progress of this- suit -i.<j being watched
witrt the greatest inter i • ,- in Oakland, it
was caught up and pass-caVon until it be
came the story of a compromise pending.
. . Then came -xhe big loan that Dr. Pardee
secured 'trom the • Oakland .3ank of Sav*
ings.' This money, was secured during the
time ' that the conipromise .-.rumors were
,n.ving. about anU, it 'addect more rumors to
'tKose i^a.lreadjr^jrf^ttigVidr.1' V. '
; Danieis Paid^Ccatral iank Note.
! . V There -were those" wficTsaw' in this lean
I ihe securing' of -money yby .Dr;, GeorgciC.
•Pardefefor ihe ; purpose ot- taking into his
iown bandsUhe paper, which, he '¦. was carry
ing by- his Indorsement »upon. the note of
/G. B. • Daniels. But.' I)r.^ Pardee has not
•iaken {the paper int<?7 hjs :own:,jhand3 and
fhe has not, put hlni9c-hSa;nn ( more In evi
dence in the, affairs^ tilt the Enquirer than
be waa ; before. iU» purchased* the paper.
. ior'G.? B.> -Daniels .^vlthaut,; .Tcnentioning
Daniels*, name as the\real purchaser, as
:hef told-iinvhls <lepo«Ition'> before Court
Commi8aiorier?Babcock; ; and<hQ has talked'
with D." Bel ward Collins -in.-rriuch the same
way— as' aj'fnend of .the or the
[editor, •'.--.-¦¦.?.- -.- .'.¦'..:-¦¦.;.-.:
- 'When the" note at the Central Bank was
paid -off it 'w4s ! 'don«i*yv-.-GC . B. Daniels,
who -Handed, over a Cerlillcate; of deposit
•on r a- Sari: Francisco -'bank; 'so that there
was -apparently : no- connection . between
¦' i he .'¦ JIIS.dCO ; loan secured by. Dr. Pardee
and .the: payment of the":*! Enquirer-Dan
ielsl'.noteratthe Central-'BanK the very
next day.. \Vliat has .become of the stock
that 'was. taken out of the' Central Bank,
is not known. "The Oakland Bank of Sav
! ings got good real 'estate for Its security
and: took- no. newspaper stock, butit is
• believed that somebody: holds the stock
• merely as security ' for- a note given by
G.' B. Daniels. Who that somebody is
will probably be asked of G. B. Daniels
when he appears before Justice I of the
Peace Stetson on Wednesday next.-
Wha't Has Become of That §117,500?
Several other candidates we're elected
to membership on the following very ex
cellent additions to contemporary wit: •
."What is the proper length -for a youn?
lady to wear her dress?". .Answer: "A
little above the feet:" The"' examiners not
only allowed the originator of the joke
free membership, but presented her. with
a silver hat pin and a manicure set. • ,
Male wits, look to yourselves! As ra
conteurs your days are apparently num
bered. Woman has long-ago shown her
superiority in trades and professions, and
now. has ascended to the rostrum of the
jester, the wit. the humorist. ., *j : : Hi
. _________ * -'.•¦ >»
Aj& there came no reply the fair'humor
ist answered : , .-;-.:¦:
"Why. dearies, he was In the dark, to
be sure." •; ,. . • .--..'¦,- .;-.- -¦¦ :s
Without a moment's hesitation - it was
determined that the lady was eligible, not
alone . for membership but for -the most
important -official position in the gift cf
the Woman Humorist Club.
Eeingr fully aware of the limited social
conditions of the, s times. when Jtfoses lived 1
the' quc-stibn was iiaturaljy fraught with
difficulty and doubt,-- .-'¦ • .'-"•.• ..;¦ ':
-The-lady Crom Van Ness avenue/"Eeeing
the dreadful, dilemma . in. .which, she had
placed the' examiners, considerately, con
sented to repeat:-- ¦¦-<:¦•¦ \. •:
"Where* was Moses whAi the light went
out?" ' > • •••¦ ¦
"WDea's-a door not a door?"; ' '•" - ;
¦ For a considerable time there was won
dering and speculation. - ,\..'v.
"Why, ladits," smiled the-'IfaV?candi
date for admission to the Humor
ist Club, "a door is not-a><loor when its !
a'jar.". . £&> ¦•-:'.",-.
¦'¦For several minutes .-.- tlje''. assscmblage :
laughcO so hysterically-at the- outburst of
unexpected wit.-lhat . srae:iing salts, eau '
de cologne an.d other restoratives' bad' to ;
be res6rtedto before complete, composure
could bejobtained. - v . • ; ./
i The '/candidate, needless. J to ¦ ¦ sa:', : was
¦ elected with acclamation. .'The 1 age limit
was ntit. drawn on ther;joi:e;v/V : if?.:. / ¦ :
The second candidate^ a winsome, merry
co-ed from Berkeley coyly asked: -
"Why is a tin can tied to a deg's tail
like death?"
-"Give it up!" cried a ccore of sweet fem
inine voices. ,
i "Because it's bound to a-cur," explained
the coy maiden from Berkeley. •
"Elected!" jubilantly cried the. score of
voices. - .- v-., ' '•* ¦ ¦
A fair .resident of- Van;. Ness -.avenue
arose from her scat and facing the- board
of examiners of- the "Woman Humorist
Club asked:.. . ' ' •--, ; :*
"Where waa Moses when the 1'ght went
out?" . : ¦-.¦>¦ . -
One l&iiy, from Nob Hil: scored a hit
and receiyea. a first-class ceriititate at
her trial "for memoersnip m.*he club.
The -joke' -which gained l ner unanimous
election -was: ;•.*••>•;•
-No well regulated home in San-Fran
cisco may pow be without its Jokesters
since it has been determined that: woman
shall vie with man in delivering humur
at the fireside or across the festal boaid. j
The women of this city have within the j
past week banded together with the ob- j
ject of becoming as proficient as man in j
the art o£ post ~pranaial story' telling.'? 1^!
- 'lh«:-y have concluded that the feminine J
iiatuio is as suscepuule w' humor" as to I
politics, and aie - iiuite sure > mat wilh .
practice tney wni au bicom trom the oua
to tne tuii-ijedjjed'cnauncey LJepew goid- j
c*n tuiiiJ Diosisoiu 6t~ oratory: : '" , •• j
The women nave not ueiermined- upon J
this humorous tstcp witnout seriuua <
immgrtit anil reflecuuti./ iiie idea orifJr I
inatcu this way: m : tne deaghuui ciues |
viiicii are separated '¦ by the-ouy from aan i
Fiauclsco mete- cxjsis^a ; party.,iond ue
youd measure -ibf ine dinners devi5>ed by
vne i»anaian chers so-nuhivrous ln/iierke
iey, Aiamtua and Oakland- 'ihe-.p/arty in!
cjuesutm is cornpoiifea' ot iiterate,jrs, ar- j
lists and others, out/heretofore men alone
ot tne-rrtquj-nitlijincr. paints .have uuiie
ail tne stor>'-'tellins,-, have -VeuspCHMiea to
tne toasts, nave syr.ijkie^Hne : ijuip5 and '
ine jruns, anu the women suuhkniy con- i
ciuucd that • wita , practice . tb«y couid :
»ur<iy equal' any ma:, alive, io .^oiiyuising ':
a tta^t party:- with" nn-de-siecie .Witticisms.
. Tney. (U-U -it'-' u«te iu lue^i^ autancea
state, to .prove- to. ihe mate- vfits'-t^iat in
respect, to buiritr,- as In all 'otiter.. ways,
woman'hs"his suq^rivr. -'. •¦.!¦'¦
• So it came to,i»iias that the good ladles
asserabJea 'Jiiju.>-eiiearsed their- stories,'
smiled their jo Jies, simpered their wit and
"lisped tnelr^ iinecuoies. They ldughed so
heartily ..at- tne ongii:ality ut these sam
p.e-j-jii^s that" the n'omau Humun'st Ciua
is now. an. established fact. The mem
bers will ".go the ; round of membtr»;
residtnces, v meetmgk once a --vveeK to un
lcau the;r v twiiikling mirth and sld6-split
ting funriylsffis. ¦ -
10:30 a., m.— Exercises begin. Address by
Eiiss'PerTy.'LrH.C, on '"Literature and Na
• tjonal Sentiment." Doors will be closed ei
5 cept during intermissions. ¦ . ¦. • ' . •'•
¦ • 2 p. m. — A iumci conference in students* ob
een-atory. ¦ ¦/..•,'. . - - ¦:¦¦> ' '
'. • - 1 :30 p. m. — Sophomore-f itshman field day ou
Use ' cinder path. -.
4 p. in.— itesebiil! game v California vs. Aluin-.
r.i. on the campus.
• 4 to 0 p. m. — Reception by President • and
Mrs. Wheeler, in Hearst Hall.' to Dr. £*rcy.
BERKELEY. March ZL— The thirly
lourth anniversary of the founding of the
University of California will be celebrated
to-morrow by ceremonies in which
regents, faculty and students will take
part. Dr. Bliss Perry, editor of the At
lantic Monthly and a well known writer
and literary critic, has arrived from the
-Kast to deliver the Charter day speech.
.Many distinguished persons will be at the
university as Its guests, and alumni Irom
ail parts of the sStite will come to this
annual celebration.
Dr. Perry arrived in Berkeley this
afternoon irom San Francisco, where he
remained after his arrival late last nighu
He took dinner with President and, Mrs.
Wheeler this evening and he will be en
tertained by them auring his brief stay
hcre» His lecture to-morrow will be .on
•'Literature and National Sentiment."
The university has issued the following
official programme ot the events of tne
day: . ¦• - -. ~ • " ' .
. » a. m. — Doors of Harmon gymnasium open.
Air tickets of admission have been given out.
but after the students are seated tne pnpuc
will- be admitted to all places not occupied.
0:3M a. xn. — At Harmon eymnasiuxn musical
•elections-- • ~
¦ 8:30 a. m.— Students of the university assem
ble on the -walk between North and fcouU>
nalU fcr procession to gymnasium. (1) Grad
uate students. <2) students of the professional
colleges, ' (3) senior*— South HaU, U) Juniors.
<6) . sophomores — between North and fcc-utn
sails, <e) freshmen — at North Hail. Captain
. H. de H. Walte .will be in charge of tbe pro
cession. The- several 41vtelcnB.-wIll-.be. in
charge of the class president*.. ¦"''"' '\
:•' *:45 a. ra.— Procession • of students moves to
the gymnasium; In the crder given. above. '
10 a. m.— Regents, members of the faculties,
officers of alumni bodies and invited quests
oX the university assemble at the; Bacen;. Art
*nd Library building. At- 10:15- they wlil
move In procession .-in double file to the grym
' nasium order: -Ml) 'Fellow*, -assistant* •• and
. demonrtratore; : <S) instructor*. 43) professor*
-<lncluciing lecturers-and astronomers), (4) re
gents, aimnr.l-reprcsentatirei?, guests. 'At the
entrance 40 the gymnaiilifcn the procession will
separate into- two flics, and the. several groups
« ill go upon the platform;- reversing the order
oT the procession. Captain TV'alte will have
charge ot the procession ; Professor Frank Soule
of the division- consisting ' of regents, alumni
representatives And guests. • Prof ef sor Walter
Kagee will direct the seating at ' the gym
nasium.. --• . • - - v.
LOS ANOELES, , ilarch ZL— United ;
States Senator W. A. Clark has acquired
control of the Los Angeles Traction Com
pany and .he is prepared to, expend a
targe sum to be used in expanding ih«
property. Thomas £. Gibbon arrlvtd
to-uay irom Washington, wnere he went
tor tne' purpose of consummating the deal
between denator ClarK and the Hooks.
"\Vhfin Gibbon departed for the national
capital he carried the documents neces
sary to complete the tra;;ster. These pa
pers, signed, sealed and delivered, fta
Drought- with him Vn his return trip.
Gibbon was loth to enter into details
regarding the new Traction-Clark al-
I liance further than to admit that Senator
.Clark now is interested in the Traction
: Company and as soon as the necessary
franchises are obtained the Hook ' system
will be enlarged and brought down to
date. Local lines are to be perfected In
; all parts /of the city and an lnterurban
system is to be constructed. The extent
of Senator Clark's holdings in the Trac
tion system Gibbon declined to discuss,
'except to contirm that the ' Senator ia in
the enterprise and he already has spent a
large amount of money in his new deal.
"T hose acquainted with Senator Clark
know he docs not take the little end in
any business venture," remarked Gibbon.
. Discussing the San Francisco story that
former, .differences have arisen again be
tween the San Pedro. Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad and the -Harrtman
syndicate incidental to joint surveys
through Nevada Gibbon said:
"Both : parties in the Issue signed con
tracts in January in which it was agreed
whenever a disagreement might arise the
services of Virgil Bogue, an eminent en
gineer of New York, should be obtained
I as arbitrator. One point along the route
I of both lines is in question and Bogue
may be aopealed to In that particular in
stance. Further than that there is no
dispute of any sort. It is not .true the
issue has been withdrawn from the legal
department of the interests affected."
Will Expend a Large Sum
in Expanding the
Jokes and Anecdotes Are the
Test of Fitness of
Candidates.
Efforts to Ccmpel Daniels to
Answer Questions Will
Be Made.
ERKELET, March 21.— To the
.- heroism of. -.Winnie- Carrpbell, it
, -years of age, four little; children
?of 'Berkeley owe "'their lives.
Early this morning the girlish
heroine was left In the home of Hugh
MacDoriald. 2221 Grant street, and In h°r
charge and ward were the children of the
household. « •" Shortly"' before - noon a - gaso
line stove; on which Winnie was prepar
ing food' for' the children,, exploded and
soon the dwelling was- ablaze. With great
I didn't^ hear any .noise -like an explosion'
¦when-I-wa«-out-of -ther-kUchen and- I don't ¦
know -what made, the; stove'-. act -the' way' It"
dld.'v It ,wa».JUl-<?y«r<flrfii^hen'*I went back:'
and- the 3 vi»ole.-.inslde '^ t ' : &*•' rooni>'was - Juet 3
ablaze. I ran ' to- get I tUe baby .out of , the next '-i
room and the -door I t had .« to ; go . through; had 1 i
fire 'all' around- It. ,;¦ 1 2 didn't /notice the burri*.>.
then, - -but--' if /was 'hpt-and^I^jeoutd.-: hardly**'
breathe. I hugged the^ta&by . up close and' ran';'
out;** hard as *I -could,; J>uv it was hotter wken J !
I- w?nt"- out -thin- wWn;r. wentv In. .¦ The'fl^e-'-.
was • crackling 1 :* wfulr hara and ' the room ; wa*;'
full- -of £fnqk?. + : Thel other children had. *tarted • ;
Into'- the' kitchen.- and' It: waa;lots?ot".bcther to i
get"th.cm- out, <ft)r'.they2 were scared' and the,;
¦ - : - — -- • .;- - :
Many DistiDguished Guests
Are Expected at the
Festival.
United States Senator's
Investment in Los
\ Angeles,
Charter Day to Be . Cele
brated at University
of California.
Battle Is Renewed With
Increased Vehemence
: by Litigants.
Club in "Which Feminine
; Humor Is . to Be
" Cultivated. .
WILL REMEMBER
THE NATAL HOUR
WOMAN ENTERS
FIELD OF WIT
ENQUIRER FIGHT
OS TO A FINISH
CLARK CONTROLS
TRACTION LINES
GIRLISH HEROINE SAVES FOUR
CHILDREN FROM DEATH BY EIRE
Exploding "Gasoline lm^
Donald's Househqid, f. but .Unmiridful of Her Danger .Winnie
Braves tHe Flames and Carries Them to Safety
THE S AST FR AKCISC O CALliy SATURDAYy MARCH 22, 1902.
9
GBAPE-NUTS.
Rebuilds Brain and 5^\i r^ •)
A young athlete, commenting on the
need of well-selected food to build up a k^W^^P^^^ :
man after over-study, says: "Two • 9ffi3BS l^ffi l j'™*^^V' ' l
years ago I returned home from the a * g *- MI ''*' /
university with my health quite run . oqS*^ ip^^^n^ " ' .
down from over-study and severe ath- i^^^*}W J ¦'¦i.iMSW .
letic training. I needed a good rest to l^kA^r Jhs^ \
put me right; but instead of taking it, 'W^JprP^ °>^' \ ••
v.ont to work in an office with very Tg&r/Sjf- tV-V * \
. confining duties. wSz+S-X-* J t& **iL «
, "My health grew no better; I felt un- \%i\X^'J? J 1 /^*vV
fit for work, and at night would lie \tes&fc? v »¦ i^/ v \
awake several hours before sleep \ %v\l
¦would come. The appetite was gone *°^;: ~\- \^
peared on the table. Grape-Nuts with _ • ' J3%fe5
cream. We all thought it an excellent ¦ cf j .
food, and. I not only.enjoyed breakfast ''Mil •
that day, but dinner and supper as . . ,l'l |
that I have made the food a regular Jt I
S 'article of diet. I keep a box on hand ' |\U '"
at the office and often lunch on Grape- ~TBhLCT?^^^^^_ Re^
Nuts and cream Instead of going home ' '^^jro^'Bi^^j^^^j^feKffljlv -.¦¦ i
"Although it was In the . eummer . "^^^J
when I started the use of the food, it
¦was not long- before I had gained 15 po un ds, and I know it is from the use of -
thi« food that I can stand so well the indoor .work. My health^ls'now?perfect';
sleep sound and enjoy my meals,' but. find I flo not need to cat 60 much volume
of other lood while eating" Grape-Nuts. . ,. ...,'"--.'•,,
"A short time ago I thought Grape-Nuts were commencing- tb'disagree •"
with me, but found it was because I was eating more than you ; recommend.'. I *.'i
elmply ate too much at a time and more -than the system ' required.: When I %
returned to the regular feed of four neaping -teaspoons, the", old .zest for -the. '
food * returned." ..-3ff9HBBBMl . ¦ -¦ '"•¦••¦'.* -'
This young- man Is a member of ]qulte a 1 famous family. He reque'stsvthut'
his name be omitted, but the same, can be furnished by application- to the Pos* "
turn Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich. ffi$&£$@Sti "- ¦'' ' NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front > (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-five minutes later than at- Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MARCH 22.
MANY PASSENGERS BOUND FOR THE ORIENT
DEPART ON THE PACIFIC LINER AMERICA MARU
Japanese Steamship^e
Large Garg6---SalmoK Fleet^G^
Comm
THE ;:. SAN-vFRANCISC^
TO '¦ ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
dam, from 'Rotterdam, -for New -York. '
¦¦<¦ MOVILLE— Sailed March 21— Stmr Tunis
ian, '.from Liverpool, .fo.r-St- John, *N B, via
HaHfttx. - : . , ::¦- ... •¦
•BROWHE AD— Passed 1 March 21— Stmr Bo
hemian, from New York/ for Liverpool. ¦
.QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 21— Stmr
Lucanla, from New- York.;, for Liverpool; -and
proceeded. .-' V •• - _- v < . ' " .>
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 18— Stmr Kin
tuck, from Seattle and Tacoma, -for Hongkong.
NEW YORK — Arrived March 21— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool- and- Queenstown. .
AMERICAN, BARK WHICH
LEFT. FOR . THE SALMON
CANNERIES ON THURSDAY.
ST. LOUIS. March 21. — A purchase : of 114
acres of land in South St. Louis has been
made by the- Gould railroad lines management
fcr additional terminal facilities. '
. The Oceanic Company's' steamship Australia
arrived last evening from Tahiti : . with passen
gers, mall and a cargo of tropical products.
The voyage occupied thirteen days. Light
easterly winds prevailed until March 13. From
that date until port was reached the Australia
plowed her way through strong:, head winds
and a head sea.. - : -
Australia Arrives From'- Tahiti.
' NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as. to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day/ except when there are but three. tides, as
¦sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height.' and. then the number
given Is subtracted from the " depth given , by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low watsrs.
TO BAIL.
FROM I SEATTLE.
United , States :• Coast '¦¦ and <i Geodetic ' Survey—
; .-; -#.;T1me8 "and" Heights of High -and . Low
... Waters <at Port j Point; ,> entrance . to San
> Francisco 5 Bay.v; published; by : official au
: • thorlty of the Superintendent. ' yr '
Sim, I Moon: and iTides.
Branch Hydrographlc Office,- V. '"¦ S. . N. , ¦' Mer
' , ) chants' Exchange,'. San • Francisco, I Cal.V
March 21. 1902. ; . :..
- ¦ The ,Tlme Ball on ' the '. tower of the' Ferry
building was dropped ; exactly ' at ' noon * to-day.
l..e., ; : at noon of the 120th meridian; or at 8
p.m.; Greenwich mean time -'•'—'
' ' ¦ W.H.sSTANDLEY, ' '
Lieutenant U. S.'N.; In, charge. '
Time Ball.
Shipping Intelligence.
•¦ARRIVED.
. ¦ Friday, . March 21,
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 55 hours fromPort
land, via Astoria 43 hours. ¦
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20>4', hours from , Eu
reVia. ' • * . f ¦..¦-.':-¦
»Htmr'Alliance,'Hardwlfk. 6 days from'Port
land,-via Astoria; from . Eureka 22 hours:
' Stmr- South Coast, > Dunham, , 3(5. hours < from
Crescent City.;- ¦-.':'•• . • ¦ * ¦. . ... ¦ •;
Stmr Arcata," Nelson, .'.0 - hours '¦ from , Coos
Bay, via Port Orford' 44 hours. - .- •
fitmr . Crescent City, <¦ Payne, 33 ' hours • from
Crescent City.'," '"'WMlfflfffr flMlTf » if m ' tifll
, The French bark' Marie Mollnos' was cleared
yesterday for. Queenstown • for orders, with 56,
138 ctls wheat, valued at; $ai,155., and 20,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued. at $300..-
A Wheat Clearance.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese steamer America Maru sailed
yesterday for Chinese and Japanese ports with'
a general merchandise cargo valued at $170,
960. manifested and destined as. follows: For
China, $Cl,g28; Japan, $74,825; Manila, .$24,
918; East Indies, $4325; Korea, $3703; Vlad
ivostok, $7370. • The principal exports were as
follow*:
To China — 5770 bbls flour,' 100 cs baking pow
der. W2. es canned goods, 360 lbs chocolate
3007 lbs and J5 cs cheese. 100. bales cotton, 3
pkg* dry goods, 625 bales cotton domestics. 42
pkpn fresh fruits, 28,r>l<> lbs gluentock. ' 30 gns
stoves, S58 pkgs groceries and "provisions, 12
cs ham and bacon, S8 cs liquors, 7500 lbs pearl
barley. 19 cs rubber goods, 250 cs canned.sal
mon. C cs eoap, a cs shoes. 4 cs wlhe. 1
To Japan — 2« pkgs bicycles and sundries. 30
ctls barley. 123 cs canned goods. 1000 bales cot
ton.<5 cs champagne, X cs dry goods, 353 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 13 pkgs electrical sup-^
pllrs 32 bales hay. 11 cs liquors. :<.*. rolls l»a»h
er. 3115 pigs lead. 15 pkgs machinery. 510 kegs
nails. C»«4 lbs oats. 14 cs rubber goods.' '150
cs canned calmon, 750 lbs grass seed. 400 cs
iioap, 3 cs stationery. 112,000 lbs Foda ash,
00.030 lbs tanbark. 1 cs 2500 gals wine.
To Manila— 25.508 lbs ham. 33.850 lbs lard,
4400 lbs butter, 102 cs extracts. -70O bxs soap,
402 cs liquor*. :J25 cs> 654 . gals whisky, ¦ 1025
en canned salmon. RO <*s assorted canned goods,
IS pki?i> electrical supplies. . 20 pkc« bicycles
and sundries. 22 ch shoes, 7 pkgs dry goods, 0
rolls leather. , .. ;<¦'
To Ea*t Indies— 000 gals wine.i345cs canned
falmon. U bales dry, goods. 591 cs assorted can
ned goods.
To Korea— G75 bbls flour. 1 cs soap. 3 pkgs
dry goods, 5 pkgs drugs. 1 bicycle. 12 pkgs
hardware. 87 pkg* groceries and provisions, v
To Vladivostok — 116 pkgs agricultural imple
ment?, 1 cs sawn. ¦ '•¦•__' ¦ *"•• •. ' .
and lumber at -this port for Apia and the
schooner Jas. Rolph fertilizer at Kllllsnoo for
Honolulu. , ¦,¦:-¦•'¦ ; '.
The British bark Gwydyr Castle will load
wheat at Tacoma for Callao at 18s 6d; the
French bark Les Adelphes, wheat at ' Tacoma
for Eurepe. 20s 3. .
The British steamer Quito loads supplies at
Portland for Manila — chartered by United
States Government.
The bark Challenger will carry. lumber from
Hastings Mills to Delagoa Bay, 66s 3d—char
tered in England. ¦ ¦ . .
The schooner Defender will load merchandise
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
•NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamship Caithness -left Calcut
ta March 14 for this port. She is bringing ' a
big cargo of grain sacks.
Bags From Calcutta.
Seven hundred smuggled cigars and one
case of kumrnel . were seized yesterday
by customs inspectors on board the Ger
man steamer Hermonthis.
Smuggled Goods . Seized.
Karl Humberg. a Finnish sailor, fell Into the
bay early yesterday morning from Fremont
street wharf. When they -got him out of the
water his rescuers believed him dead and no
tified the Coroner. Before the Morgue wagon
arrived however, ! Karl gave evidences of life.
His friends helped him to the Harbor Hospital
where be was pumped dry and placed in a
warm bed for the night.
Fished Out for Dead.
A. C. Lund and others filed a libel yes
terday in the United btates District Court
against the bark Andrew Welch to re
cover $5000 for damages innlcted by the
bark upon the barkentlne Northwest in
a collision on March 4, ana the further
sum of $2000 for business lost by . the
Northwest while being laid up for neces
sary repairs.
Bark Andrew Welch Libeled.
The Hartwr Commissioners at a special meet
ing held yesterday afternoon elected James
Byrne Jr. to succeed himself- as assistant cac
retary to | the board. | Byrne owes his reaj>
pointment to Commissioner Herold, who ex
changed his right to' the appointment I of a
¦wharfinger and a collector for the privilege of
selecting the assistant secretary for the . next
four years. F Lundqulst was elected wharf
inger and H. Thompson collector. These ap
pointments were made on the motion of Com
missioner KIrkpatrick.
% Water Front Appointments.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.. !.',' '¦""
. HA VRE— Arrived March • 21— Stmr ' L'Aqul
talne, from -New.-, York. . •,.'..'... ...-¦;: .. ;
;¦ BOULOGNE— Balled March 21— Stmr Rotter-
BRISTOL — Arrived , March 20— Br : bark
County of Kinross, from Oregon";
REUNION— Sailed Feb 12— Fr bark' General •
d» Necrler." for, : .-%...':•¦>'• : .
SHANGHAI— Sailed March 7— Br stmr Leth
inrton. , for ' ¦ • . • . '
'.TABLES Sailed 'March 15— Br' ship
Crow n • of . Germany. • for- . • ' *¦ • . .
YOKOHAMA — Sailed March ' 19— Stmr . Ta
coma.". for Tacoma. ¦••".:• fu'J '.;'¦.. .•
CAPB;.' TOWN— Arrived , March ¦ 21— Bktn'
Echo, from . Aiitorla.-.. March ,19— Bark Un
daunted." from Chemalnus: . ¦' .." i
MELBOITRNE — Arrived - March- 20— Bktn
Jane-L Stanford.' from Chemalnus.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 2Ct^-Br bark
Lord Temi>letown. hence Oct-31; ".March: 21 —
Ger -shin Melpomene. . hence Oct.- 2fi. - • .
CALCUTTA — . Sailed March . ;14— Br , stmr
Caithness. -for San Francisco. • . '¦..*¦'.
- HONGKONG— Sailed • March. V0— Br etmr
Arab, for San; Francisco, via MoJI : and • Hako
date. ' .;'.;-:• ¦. ¦¦ .'. :-.. ¦ . '. V.> -'-;.;. :.:....¦,.¦
VANCOUVER— Arrived ' March 21— Ital : ship"
Macdlarmld.' from Victoria. .- ... "..-.;.
CALETA, BUEN A— Sailed ¦ March y 21— Bktn
Arago. f or , South ' Bend. ,.-¦. . . ,.
" CALLAO — Arrived ~ March 17 — Bark Coloma;
herx-e Jan 39. ' ¦ ;
GUAYMAS— Sailed .'-March 20-^Stmr- Cura
cao, for San Francisco. ¦¦ . ./
. • VIcfORI A— Arrived March. 21f-Slmr Amur.'
from. Alaska." ¦• . .'¦ ¦- /:¦* »• ¦•- ¦'':.-- ¦ ,
"•.Sailed March 21— Dutch; stmr Folmina, for
San Francisco. ..- ¦-•-;.¦ ¦ ' - , : -.
¦ Arrived- March 21 — Br stmr;: Athenian. • from
•Yokohama.-. ¦¦<".¦".¦¦- ."¦¦•;<..<.-.•:<•./¦;¦• • ... ¦ ; - ¦;
TAHATI— In port March 10-^Fr bark 'Jean
Baptlste, • from ;Dur.klrk; ¦¦ Fro bark - France
Cnerie:-. -. ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' •./-.•-">¦-¦; .'»¦¦. ¦..-,- • .¦ • / -• . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed In March - 21— Stmr
Progreso, hence March 17, .for Seattle; Dutch
bark Pax. from Astoria: bktn Chas F Crocker,
from Valparaiso. . • •- ¦, • -
Passed out — Stmrs Mackinaw and Meteor, for
San Francisco; schr Americana, for San Pedro
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 21— Schr
Sophie Christehsen. hence March 13.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 21—
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood..
. SAN PEDRO— Arrived March . 21— Barge
Santa Paula, In tow tug Rescue, hence March
19; stmr Coos Bay, hence March 19.,".
Sailed March 21 — Schr Columbia, for Ballard;
schr Luzon, for Port Townsend. j ¦ . . - . ,
ASTORIA— Arrived March 21— Stmr Lakme.'
hence March 17. .
Arrived March 21— Stmr Geo W Elder, from
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG-^Salled March 21— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco. - ¦ • -
PORT 13LAKELEY— Sailed March. 21— Schr
Soquel, for • San Pedro. ¦ i ¦ . .
, Arrived March 21 — Bark Kate Davenport,
from Honolulu; Br ship Bann, from Tacoma.
PORTLAND— Sailed -March 21— Stmr; South
Portland, for San Pedro. ! . ¦ -. ..
SEATTLE— Arrived . March 21— Stmr City of
Topeka. -from Skag way; Fr bark Lea Adel
phes. from Nofslbe; bark C . D ' Bryant-, hence
March ».- March'20 — Stmr Jeanle, from Orca;
stmr Czarina, hence March 16. •. . '
Sailed March 1 20 — Stmr Farallon, for Skag
way; stmr City of Puebla, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 21— Stmr Progreso, from San
Francisco. ."••¦• . . ' . - . •
PORT TOWNSEND:-Arrlved "March 21—
Bark Kate Davenport, from Honolulu;- bktn
Amazon, hence March 8. f or ' Port Hadlock ;
Br . shin Glenmark, ; from Victoria; Jap Btmr
Shlnano Maru,. from .Victoria. - .,
. Sailed March 21 — Br bark Gwydyr Castle, for
Tacema. • ¦
TACOMA— Arrived March 21— Stmr Queen,
hence March 17.' ... ' ¦. ; •¦¦ -. ¦
Sailed March 21 — Stmr Meteor,' for Sari Fran
cisco; stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco.-
Sailed March . 21— Schrs Alvena : and W F
' Jewett. for San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March 21 S S a m— '
Stmr Pasadena, from: Eureka, f Or San 'Pedro.
HUENEMR— Sailed March 21— Stmr Charlea
Nelson, for San ¦ Francisco. ¦ ¦ • •
UMPQUA— Arrived -, March, 207-Schr Lucy,
hence March -11. •";' ¦"-*' ' .¦ . ¦ ,
REDON DO— Sailed March, 21-tStmr .- Noyo,
for San- Francisco. ¦ • '. . ¦.,
PAN DIEUO— Sailed • March .' 21— Stmr Spo
kane, for ; San/ Francisco. .' , .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March" 21, 10 p m^Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 36 miles per hour. I
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
' . Friday, March 21. ,.
Stmr Santa Crui. Nlcoison. San Pedro, etc!
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Fulton, - Levlnson. Portland. ; via Eu
reka. . . . ¦ .
Itor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmlth. ' ',,
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong.;
Schr Ida McKay. Lethols. Eureka. ...
Schr Gem, Nyeran. Coos Bay.-
Schr Werane Bros, Aspc. Ballard.
Friday, March 21.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmlth; ¦ R
Dunsmulr's Eons Co. •
* Jap stmr America Maru. Golnjr. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery. ¦¦¦•¦¦
• Ship Centennial. Stannard, Cooks Inlet;
Alaska Packsrs' Assn. . . * .' ". . 5 .¦¦"..¦ .„'.
Ship L J Morse, Mar&hall,' Labasha Bay;
Alaska Packers' Aesn. .¦.-•¦. •¦-
Ship Ecllrise, Larser., Ladysmlth; Alaska
Packers' - Assn. •-->..-,-,• . ¦ ¦ ¦ ... ,
Bark Gatherer, Tounggren, Ladysmlth; , J
Jensen." -.'. ,. ¦
Fr berk' Marie Mollnos, ¦ Jan, Queenstown;
Balfcur, ' Guthrie & Co. . t .•..¦;. •, -- ¦ )
Schr Stanley, Scbmalz, Unga; McColIam
Fishing and Trading Co. . . i
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olcen, Portland; ' P Ol
sen, master.
CLEARED.
Schr Repeat, Wilson, 4 Va days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Archla and Fontle, Skipper, 16 hours
from Bowens Landing.
• Schr Corinthian, Korth. S days from. Co
qutlle River. . ,.
Stmr Aitec, Trask, 87 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr San Mateo, Rosi, 08 , hours from ¦ Na
na!na, • , • ¦ ¦ . -. ¦ .
U S stmr Hugh McCulloch, Falling, from
crulce.
- Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 44 hours from Mont
rey and way ports. ¦-. , -¦ ¦ ,
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 12 days 6. hours
from Tahiti, . - -¦ • •• ¦¦ >¦ ., - ¦
W. H. Phillips, who resigned his position at
chief engineer of the army transport War
ren a». Honolulu, characterizes as "rot", the
publlihed reports to the effect that the War
ren's engines are In bad condition.
"There Is not a better engtned vessel sailing
from this port," he said yesterday, "and her
machinery when she left hero was In perfect
condition. The, Warren's engines will be do-
Ing good service, when plenty of new engines
I could tell of are on the scrap pile. And
when the Warren's engines are played out there
will be enough good material left to build new
engines."
Says Engines Are All Bight.
The calmon fleet Is beginning to move and
within a few days the Pacific between here and
Alaska will be plentifully dotted with vessels
•teaming and Falling In the direction of the
canncrlen. The*" fleet, which Is exceptionally
large this year, lian been outfitting for wmi
tlm« pan. Somo of the vessels have sailed.
Three of them cleared yesterday. The bark
Guy C. Gosi, .which left on Thursday, went
in tow of the steamer Hhellkof. Iloth vessels
were ready for *ca at Dm same time and ad
vantage was taken of the fact to give both the
benefit of the Bhellkof'i steam power. Thoie
that cleared yesterday were: Behooner Stanley,
for tlnga; ship Centennial, for Cooks Inlet, and
ship L. J. Morse, for Labasha Day.
Alaska Fleet Moving. 1
many "passengers. Among the
latter was a bridal couple,. Mr. ."and Mrs.
W. W. Stettheimer. V. The bride was for
merly Miss Florence: Neustadter and; the
pair In* climbing 1 the steamship's ' ¦'. gang-'
way a few' minutes before sailing time"
had to run the guantlet of a .rapid , fire
bombardment of .rice and; violets. Cap
tain P. H. Going, "the boy -commander."
as he Is known in Toyo Kisen Kaisha cir
cles, gave his blessing to ¦ the newly mar
ried pair from the America's | bridge.
¦ "Isn't he cute," feaid the r girl friends of
the bride.' ;
"Let go -that plank," said Going ungal
lantly. .
The America Maru. sailed promptly on
schedule time. Her passengers were as
follows:
For Nagasaki— Oskar Dello,
For Shanghai— C. E. Flske, Dr. • Tami Kin,
H. Roberta. J. Samson.
For Hongkong — Miss C. M. Atkinson, J.
Becker, H. R. Callender. Mrs. H. R. Callen
der. Miss H. A. DuBoise, C. W. Franckel. E.
A. Frost. A. Gibson. B. T. Goodspeed. G. P.
Hawthorne. Miss Louise Hood." I. Israel. J.
M. Kepner. S. Kennedy, H. Kennedy. H. H.
Munro, P. M. Spencer, F. O. Spencer, I... W.
Smith, Miss A. L. Voorman. B. S. • White
head. Mrs. B. S. -"Whltehead. Miss Helen Whlte
hfad. Raymond Whltehead.
¦ From Honolulu — Mrs. F. Berlnger, Miss E.
Berlnser. Miss A. Berlnger.'J. T. Fiske Jr.,
W. . J. Gorham, W. Gorham, J. - S. Klnnan,
Mrs. J. S. Kinnan, Miss J. - Larned, R. Le-
Bouttiller, Mrs. R. LeBoutillier and two chil
dren, John Millar. G. W. Moore, Mrs. G. W.
Moore. Mrs. W. Page. Miss C. C. Phllllpps. H.
f. Sinclair. Mrs. H. T. Sinclair and child. Miss
R. Scherff.
For Yokohama — P. Ballartlne. Mrs. P. I Bal
lantlne Mrs. T. L. Chadbourne Jr.. Miss Con
stance L. Curran. Miss F. B. Cramp. ¦ E. C.
Converse. Mrs. K. C. Converse, Harris Fahne
stock, Mrs. Harris Fahneetock, Mrs, A. M.
Gade. IT. S. Hollister, Mrs, E. A. Judson, Miss
S. Pearl Judson. Miss Charlotte Judson. A. E.
Kaeser, W. T. Klrkpatrlck. Mrs. F. H. Koeh
ler Commander • T. • Kurol, William^ Kuprecl~
S Matsul Dr. Y Noda. Dr.- . K. Osawa. G.
Oya F. L, Potts Mm F. L.. Potts. Miss H. I...
Potts. Mrs Tetkla Steln-Reuter. Mrs M. Shl
raichi, maid and child. W. W. Stettheimer,
Mrs. \V. W. Stettheimer, M. Takanose, K.
I'tsunomiya. John Westphalen. Crosby M.
Wright, Mrs. Crosby M. Wright. Mr. Yama
ehita.
For Kobe— Miss M. II. Smith and maid. .
T" HE Toyo Klsen Kaisha's America
Maru sailed yesterday i at 1 1 p.m.
for Honolulu and the' Orient. She
had a large cargo and carried
10
Steamer.
Fromi
Due.
C. Nelson.... San Pedro Mar. 22
Empire Coos .Bay ;...:..».. .;.'. . Mar. 22
Spokane. San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Phoenix...... Mendocino City .... Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt .............. Mar. 23
Tltania Nanaimo ... . Mar. 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar. *3
City of Puebla Pu^et Sound Ports.;.'.'.. Mar. 23
San Pedro..'.. Grays Harbor ......... .|Mar. 23
Sequoia...... San Pedro '..|Mar. 23
Mackinaw... Tacoma ....". .Mar. 21
Edith. Seattle ...|Mar. 24
Cons Bay,.'.; San Pedro & Way Ports. |Mar. 2i
Chehalis..'... San Pedro"... v..lMar. 24
G. Dollar Grays Harbor; ......... Mar. 2.%
Santa Barbar. Grays Harbor .......... Mar: 25
. Kolmina 'Nanaimo Mar.- 25
Alameda Honolulu .'... . . IMar. M
Santa Monica Humboldt .IMar. 2(5
Pomona. .. Humboldt ......... ... . .|Mar. 28
Colombia.... 'Valparaiso 4 Way Ports|Mar. 26
G. Llndaucr . .'Grays Harbor ¦. . . . : . . . . . IMar. 29
Rival. ....... I Wlllapa Harbor . . . . .'. . . |Mar. 26
G..W. Elder.. Portland &' Astoria ...: Mar. 20
Corona...,-. ..'San -Diego & WayPortslMar. 27
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul. . :)Mar. 27
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ...Mar. 2<*
Czarina. 'Seattle & Tacoma ...... Mar. 27
> o,nt,i'«».. IPolnt- Arena' ........... Mar. 27
Coronado. . ...[Grays 'Harbor . . ." Mar. ii
Newburg..... Grays Harbor "". .'... Mar. 28
Monii*. ...... Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 28
Queen....... Puget Sound. Ports .... Mar. 28
Gaelic China & Japan .....*... Mar. 2»
City Sydney.. Panama &- Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S.'Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma ..:..! Mar. 29
North * orx .. iHumboldt ;.v...'..'.". - ..'... Mar. 30
bteamer.
Destination. - I Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Sail*.
_J
Pt. Arena..'
Umatllla...
Arcata. '.".'.".
• 'omona. . . ,
Corona. .. ..
Bonita
Sequoia. ...
North Fork
Alliance...
Empire..:.
Chenalis. . .
Santa Ana.
Phoenix;...
£.uiu**.::.
State of Cal.
March 22. . .-¦• j
Point Arena ...... 2 pmiPlcr 3
Pugot Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 23. ¦ :•/' -
Coos B. & Pt. , Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt ......... l:3U p Pier W
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
March 24. . ' " I M
Grays Harbor...... 4pm|Pler : 2
Humboldt .'..1...... 9 am Pier; 2
Portland & Coos B. I pm Pier 10
Coos Bay ......... 6 pm Pier 1 13
Grays Harbor ¦;...". 6 pm|Pler —
Astoria & -Portland 11 ami Pier 24
March 25. ; ' I
Seattle & Tncoma.'. lOamlPler 2
'Mendoclno<Clty.... . 3 pmtPier 13
miiiiiioitH ¦ . ... ....T\ V aui JfieT . id
March 20. | . | ' ,
San Micro & Way.'.i 9 amiPier 11
March 2T. | .--•: | . .¦: ¦ .
San: Pedro '& Way. .9, am Pier 11 :
Puget- Sound 'Ports. 11: am Pier 9
Grays "Harbor ..... '8 pm Pier ¦'•2
: March 2S. .,-
Grays Harbor ..'.... 5 pm Pier 2
Panama' &. Way Pts 12; m PMSS .
N. I V. | via | Panama 2 pm S. W. 1
• March 20. - I , . .;.••,•.-¦
Valparaiso & -Way. ]12 m Pier 10
Skagway via Seattle| . ; . . . . (Pier —
China & Japan.:.'. ..I pm|PMSS>
Honolulu V ... ....... i2.pm|Pler 7
Tahiti direct. ::.... 10 am | Pier 7
Astoria A , Portland 11 amifler 24
March 'HO. -¦ j - .
Spattlft & Tacoma .. 5>m|Pier.8
San Diego &•. Way. 9 am|Pier 11
- March 31. v >¦• I .
Grays Harbor 1 -..... 5 pm|PIer 2
Coos Bay..'
City Puebla
San; Pedro.
O. Dollar..
Cy of Para;
Leelanaw..
Colombia.'.
Humboldt. .
Peking.....
Alameda. . .
Australia..'
O. Elder...
Czarina..'..
Spokane. ..
Newburg.'^,
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Cty of Seattle
Excelsior. . . .
Dirigro...; 1 ...-
Dolphln. .'.*;.'.
Cottage City.
Skaguay , &\ Way ¦ Ports. Mar. 24
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. Mar. 25
Skagway; & , Way/, Ports. Mar/2»
Skagway:& .Way. Ports. Mar/ 30
Skagway, & Way; Ports. Mar. 31
Sun
Sun
I'
22-1
23
24
rises .......6:11
sets 6:23
>n sets-.... fi:01 a. m.
Time) Time Time Tim*
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
T., W H W * L W H W
4:06 1.6 10:29 5.3*4:32 0.7 11:00 5.4
4:51 1.3 11:19 B.2 6:10 1.0 11:43 5.4
i 5:37 1.1 12:0(5 5.1 5:40 1.3
H W • L W .-¦ H W ¦: .- L. W
0:16. B.4 6:19 1.0 12:55 ,4.9 6:22 , 1.7
0:40 B.2 0:58 . 0.9 1:44 " 4.« 6:5fi 2.1
1:20 5.1 7:41 .0.8 2:34 4.31 7:32 2.5
i 1:52|/ 4.9 8:28 0.8 3:28 4.0| 8:12 2.8
25
26
27.
23
Sun
Sun
I'
22-1
23
24
rises .......6:11
sets 6:23
>n sets-.... fi:01 a. m.
Time) Time Time Tim*
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
T., W H W * L W H W
4:06 1.6 10:29 5.3*4:32 0.7 11:00 5.4
4:51 1.3 11:19 B.2 6:10 1.0 11:43 5.4
i 5:37 1.1 12:0(5 5.1 5:40 1.3
H W • L W .-¦ H W ¦: .- L. W
0:16. B.4 6:19 1.0 12:55 ,4.9 6:22 , 1.7
0:40 B.2 0:58 . 0.9 1:44 " 4.« 6:5fi 2.1
1:20 5.1 7:41 .0.8 2:34 4.31 7:32 2.5
i 1:52|/ 4.9 8:28 0.8 3:28 4.0| 8:12 2.8
25
26
27.
23
Steamer.
Fromi
Due.
C. Nelson.... San Pedro Mar. 22
Empire Coos .Bay ;...:..».. .;.'. . Mar. 22
Spokane. San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Phoenix...... Mendocino City .... Mar. 23
Eureka Humboldt .............. Mar. 23
Tltania Nanaimo ... . Mar. 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar. *3
City of Puebla Pu^et Sound Ports.;.'.'.. Mar. 23
San Pedro..'.. Grays Harbor ......... .|Mar. 23
Sequoia...... San Pedro '..|Mar. 23
Mackinaw... Tacoma ....". .Mar. 21
Edith. Seattle ...|Mar. 24
Cons Bay,.'.; San Pedro & Way Ports. |Mar. 2i
Chehalis..'... San Pedro"... v..lMar. 24
G. Dollar Grays Harbor; ......... Mar. 2.%
Santa Barbar. Grays Harbor .......... Mar: 25
. Kolmina 'Nanaimo Mar.- 25
Alameda Honolulu .'... . . IMar. M
Santa Monica Humboldt .IMar. 2(5
Pomona. .. Humboldt ......... ... . .|Mar. 28
Colombia.... 'Valparaiso 4 Way Ports|Mar. 26
G. Llndaucr . .'Grays Harbor ¦. . . . : . . . . . IMar. 29
Rival. ....... I Wlllapa Harbor . . . . .'. . . |Mar. 26
G..W. Elder.. Portland &' Astoria ...: Mar. 20
Corona...,-. ..'San -Diego & WayPortslMar. 27
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul. . :)Mar. 27
Curacao...... Mexican Ports ...Mar. 2<*
Czarina. 'Seattle & Tacoma ...... Mar. 27
> o,nt,i'«».. IPolnt- Arena' ........... Mar. 27
Coronado. . ...[Grays 'Harbor . . ." Mar. ii
Newburg..... Grays Harbor "". .'... Mar. 28
Monii*. ...... Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 28
Queen....... Puget Sound. Ports .... Mar. 28
Gaelic China & Japan .....*... Mar. 2»
City Sydney.. Panama &- Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S.'Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma ..:..! Mar. 29
North * orx .. iHumboldt ;.v...'..'.". - ..'... Mar. 30
bteamer.
Destination. - I Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Sail*.
_J
Pt. Arena..'
Umatllla...
Arcata. '.".'.".
• 'omona. . . ,
Corona. .. ..
Bonita
Sequoia. ...
North Fork
Alliance...
Empire..:.
Chenalis. . .
Santa Ana.
Phoenix;...
£.uiu**.::.
State of Cal.
March 22. . .-¦• j
Point Arena ...... 2 pmiPlcr 3
Pugot Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 23. ¦ :•/' -
Coos B. & Pt. , Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt ......... l:3U p Pier W
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
March 24. . ' " I M
Grays Harbor...... 4pm|Pler : 2
Humboldt .'..1...... 9 am Pier; 2
Portland & Coos B. I pm Pier 10
Coos Bay ......... 6 pm Pier 1 13
Grays Harbor ¦;...". 6 pm|Pler —
Astoria & -Portland 11 ami Pier 24
March 25. ; ' I
Seattle & Tncoma.'. lOamlPler 2
'Mendoclno<Clty.... . 3 pmtPier 13
miiiiiioitH ¦ . ... ....T\ V aui JfieT . id
March 20. | . | ' ,
San Micro & Way.'.i 9 amiPier 11
March 2T. | .--•: | . .¦: ¦ .
San: Pedro '& Way. .9, am Pier 11 :
Puget- Sound 'Ports. 11: am Pier 9
Grays "Harbor ..... '8 pm Pier ¦'•2
: March 2S. .,-
Grays Harbor ..'.... 5 pm Pier 2
Panama' &. Way Pts 12; m PMSS .
N. I V. | via | Panama 2 pm S. W. 1
• March 20. - I , . .;.••,•.-¦
Valparaiso & -Way. ]12 m Pier 10
Skagway via Seattle| . ; . . . . (Pier —
China & Japan.:.'. ..I pm|PMSS>
Honolulu V ... ....... i2.pm|Pler 7
Tahiti direct. ::.... 10 am | Pier 7
Astoria A , Portland 11 amifler 24
March 'HO. -¦ j - .
Spattlft & Tacoma .. 5>m|Pier.8
San Diego &•. Way. 9 am|Pier 11
- March 31. v >¦• I .
Grays Harbor 1 -..... 5 pm|PIer 2
Coos Bay..'
City Puebla
San; Pedro.
O. Dollar..
Cy of Para;
Leelanaw..
Colombia.'.
Humboldt. .
Peking.....
Alameda. . .
Australia..'
O. Elder...
Czarina..'..
Spokane. ..
Newburg.'^,
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Cty of Seattle
Excelsior. . . .
Dirigro...; 1 ...-
Dolphln. .'.*;.'.
Cottage City.
Skaguay , &\ Way ¦ Ports. Mar. 24
Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. Mar. 25
Skagway; & , Way/, Ports. Mar/2»
Skagway:& .Way. Ports. Mar/ 30
Skagway, & Way; Ports. Mar. 31
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
Trm "¦ «i»m riu!ii!M<:o.
> (llkln line, foot o' -Market Street.)
bKATB _ Fbou February 9. 19d — arrit*
7:0(1 a BauJcia, Subuu, Klmlxa and 8aora-
luento •:»•'»»
7iO«*V»o»»Ulo.Wlct#r«,Bum»ej......... liM.
J.au* M»rtli.ex.»»uK»»iou,V»lloJo.N»p«.
o«u«K>g» »»«l H«nt» Uo«« aiaaa
SiOOa DktU. \Vuodl»ii<]. KuigUU Lkndlns.
M»r»«»lll«, Oroilili. :•;;••• 2' 31 »
¦¦•O.« AiUntlc Kzpresa— OieHeit and Kmat »:i.1 k
•).«« A Nile*. L«taro P . Stockton „ . . „ . . .... t «3* >
8«OO*NUe«, Wnidota. Hanford. Vi»all«.
PortftrriUe K .. «»33»
•iSUa Sh«U r.xprfts-D»fls. WJUlams rfo»
B«rtlett Hprina). Willow*. Bad
Muff, Portland. 7ifl»t
s.a.i* Ha.n J«»«, I.l»ermore. Ktooklon.
. lotia. H«er»in«int«. rimo<?r»lUe,
Maryavili*. Chlon. Koil ItlniT 4i2.lt
»t*o» Oak iUlr. Chinese. Sonora. Tuolumn* 4:2.1.
IM»«A Hi»»w»rO. Nllrsand Waj8UtI«i«.. 1 !«».-»»
tti««A Vall#Jo la»23»
Ui«M»* L01 An««tes Ejijwm" — MmHihw.
Traej l<atlirop. ritooktou. Alereed
Fwiio anil Loa Aligale* 2 :33 *
•i30* VnlLJo. MarlliiRX ami War Hlatfcn* 7:.Vi»
I «i««»a Th« OferUml IJinltwl-Oedea. Vm-
far, Omaha. UhleM'» ..?'*•
1ti»»r BaeramtiiiU. tMf«r Hi*»iiKtril t»l«««»»
Siu«»r lirtilela. TVlntm. Haoramanlo.
WtHMllnml. KtilKhta l.«utllng.
ftl»ry«*llli., <>rn*!ll« l«»3."» k
*t30p IIayw.nl, Nll»sao«l Way Buttons.. 7:53 »
4mtir Martluwx, Hail lUinnu. Tallajo,
Nairn, (VII-toK*. Sniitu lira* »2-l»
4iOOp Nile*. I.ltrrmore. Stockton, I>xll... i* **r
4i!l«»r llajwinl. Nll«»,H«iL.li.ar. Urrrmora |9in3«
4i*<»rTlio Owl Mmltatl <- ririuu. TuUm.
]Uk«r«0alil. hnuiim for Haul* llaf*
lmr». Irfis Auislaa «>.1.1»
Bioor Tort Coat*. Tr*cy. La» hror>. Stoektoa I ¦usta*.
9i«ur M*rt!n-i. Antloch, SwelctoD, Mar-
oed.Frtwno •¦ I 2?»
• iiiiir Hafwartl, Nltaa »»d San Jot* 7i.VU
fCiOtlr Valt<i]<>.... 11(93%
•••or Oriental .Uati-Ogrfnn, Dnm,
Ou.aha. 86. Loula. flUlonfo 4tS3»
' Ti««r Oregon aud Callfitrnla l£«i»«»«.««i»-
r«Mi«iit». Man")"*. K<"M«i>k.
I'm U a»u I. I'Mgut Hi.m.ii au<l Saat »i33»
lpMrB«a Pablo. P»rt Coata, MarUaca
a».l W», rt»»tfoiia. ................ IliSSa
• flQ.lp Vall>Ji 7>aa T
COAST IiINK (Jlarrotr (i «"«.).
( Vn>k nt M/uho.Strft.)
Mi In* Ntwa.rk.C'>nt»r«itU,Ha».l<MM b Krllnn > -
liuiili)»rC'Teak.Mai>laUrusantl Way
.SUtU.i.a «t»«f
fSilltr Nawara. (.'•nUrtllU, H«n .ln»«, S««
AlrtMiloK, r«l»..n. lloitl<l«r Ore**,
8ant« Criu au<l Vrlnolpal Way
Stations io ( n«»
4il."»r ICawark, Han Jna«. frfta GahM f»i3i»»
•«.3ur Iluntf rt' Train -8*n Jot* and Way
Putlorn t7.»0»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm S1I mjC!3C&— faov «f Kirkit StnH (Slit S>—
f<:l5 K.0O I1:00a.H. 1:C3 3:33 HI'.".
fnaOilUHD-rMl .'g(..i»»y.— frt:00 Ja.CO 13.8*
18:00 A.M. 12:83 3.08 t:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Hroail (Jangt).
•-!¦¦";. rThlr.laiulTo«tiwnt<St«.)
. ' OjIOa baa Jcsaand Way autiona. Mi4n«
7>««a N»u .I»aa »ml Way SUVloiia......... t*i»»A
/7i«ma N«w Altitailen. / *iH»#
kiou a Coast Lino Limited — Van .Toa«\
.: Gtlmj.'Ballnaa. «)ar. tola ObiarXN
Bant* Barbara, I.o« Aagrlra and
prioeirallnUnnediataitatiois.... l«i-€3»
¦ ¦••a Mau Jimv. Tie* I'lDoa, Mtuita Crux,
PaoIHe (lfir><). sallun. Ban LoU
Obiapo and Principal iutormadiaU
HUtl..iia 4tlO»
IOs.IOa San Jcae and Way Stailooa.......... »:;i»»
IIiSOa H»n ..'i.»e i%h.I Way SUtlnua •>4*A
ta>4»f> San Matrn. Kedwoori. MsnloPark.
Palo Alto. KaotaUlaxa. 8a» Joa*.
Trri Ploo*. Hauta Orux. Sallnaa.
Monterey tint I'aelfla Urnve...... ||O»4»a
•ixor ManJoaaand W»y Staltona. li»»»
»«i1!»r San JomuhI Prfi.mpaJ Way HUttona ••••)•
4iO»r Sunact limited— Mondays. Wednm- '.-:
days. P^!cU;«. for Los Anzeiea. El
1'aso. New Or leans aad New York.
Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays aad
Xbondays !••!•*
f9i80r San Jose, Los Oatoaj and Principal
Way Stations fVsOOa
0i3»r Ban Joi« au<l Prlnelps.1 Way Station* 6<3<tf>
«:a*r8an Join and WayMtattonst 7i.1O»
7l4>0r Nev Orleans Eiprfwa— 8»n Ln(§
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Loa As-
'-,-'-.". celes, D^mlna. £1 Paso, New Or>
leans and East „ IltsWa
tlHiUp flan Joss »p«l Way 8tatlons.... 7»«f
A for Moruliif . P for A fteroooa.
* Handay •zoepted. t Sunday only.
alaWtnrdarnclT. / Tue«d»y» aud jPrilafJ^
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
PAINE'S CELERT COMPOUND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Santa F.e
Trains—Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
j LocaffLIm'd | Ovrl'd Local
. . I Daily I Dally I Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 0:00a 8:00p 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
." Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 0:11 d
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13 a 10:50 w
= " Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a..... .
," Visalla... 3:3« p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:2Op 7:45a I
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:15p i>:0Op
a '/or morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersneld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on -this train. Cor.
responding train arrives at 7:oB a. ra daily
¦ 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. -
¦ 8 p.' m. is tho Overland. Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 d m
dally. ..'-:¦:¦ V '
. 7:20 a. m. is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
The .reason that every one does not haie
the disease at the same time Is because, the
persons who are : enjoying perfect health are
able ' to - successfully resist and j throw . off the
Infection,' while those who for any reason are
not in the best of health fall ready victims.
No one. can escape the La Grippe ; ' germ be-
cause, -when an epidemic of the disease is pre-
vailing the air Is laden with it. : .
Through the Atmosphere.
The Germs of La Grippe h re I Conveyed
IN THE AIR.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612O QEABST ST. Kstobl^hed
In 1»34 for M10 treatmrnt «>f lriv»t»
Disuses. I^»st Manuoud. Deblilty or
dls»ase wearlnson body an«J niiixl ana
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcares w'.ea
other* fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* sraarniit red. CallorwrU*
Or. a. W. <UBSO.<(. 3tu> Francisco. Cat.
PDRS MEYERS & CO.
. SPECULISTS ; f 0 k Min.
i KstabUabed i 183L '.'¦' C«a-
fUltaUon and prlvaU boo«
tree at ottico or by uau,
">urea ruaranteed.' r
"•<.! 731MARKET SI. :
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY .
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
""VMr.h- "-¦"-' IS;:!* 55 '
Fw. S;i» rmuiira «r Summit tnt lUtan. 11 V:
XkkatOflaa, «U 1U*XR iTUXil tad SACiAUIO tXXlT.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing: September 29. 1001.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND s SAX KAKAEL.
-WEEK DAYS— 6:6."», 8:3it, •<>:.Tj, ll:(»t!a.'m
•1:4.V3:15, 4:15, 5:15. »6:15, 0:45 p. m. '
EXTRA M'R IPS— Fcr Mill Valley and San
Rafa»l on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at-9:30 and 11:40 p. m.' • i ..
SUNDAYS— *S:0(>. 0:00. 'lOiOO, •11:30 a m
•1:15. 3:15, . "4:45. 6::i0,»:30 D.m. '•
-¦ Trains marked <•) run 1 to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAliL TO PAN FRANCISCO
..WEEK DAYS— •5:25, 0:27. 7:45, 8:35. 1015
a. m., *12:25. 2:15. .•:i:35. 4:40, 6:30 p m
- EXTRA jrRIPS on Mondays, Wedneadava
and Saturday* at C:45' and l>:55' d. m
• SUNDAYS— fl: 15. «S:0O. »10 :00, »11 -45 . rr
I »l:40. r3:15, 4:45, »0:30 p. m. - •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN'CISro
:.-. WEEK DAYS— 5:45. B.45. 7:55. 8 S3 lo-.i
< a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50.5:10 p. m '
EXTRA "TRIPS on Mondays, WVdnesd&va
! and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m "" pajr3
• BUNI'ATS— 8:05, . 10:05 a. m..l'»-05 i- 1*
3:30,6:00.6:45 p.m.' ' ?~' 2 ' 15 '
¦:¦-. :¦:¦: THROUGH TRAINS.
, C:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
»t:45 p.' m.' Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wav
stations. • ¦*.
; 8:0(i a. m.'. Sundays— Duncan Mills and wav
stations. . > " " , •
; Fairfax. .Sundaysr-8 :C0. D:00. 10:00 11-30
a.-m.';' •.]' ¦ . . '
_ Legal Holiday ' boats and trains' will run on
bunaay time. »T?J*'*tP-
- ¦ Stuart's - Catarrh - Tablets ; are < comoosed -en-
tirely, of harmUs-t antiseptics and.may.be Used
as ' freely ; as ; necessary,- as they, contain .no co-
ealne,'. opiate or, poisonous drug of any kind •
-.Persons who'surfe!; from; catarrh of the head
and ' throat are very . susceptible- to > La Grlpp*
and'BUchtwill find a pleasant;- convenient and
safe remedy-ln-.thlsnewcatnrrh' cure.,- • .' . .-.
The. Rev. L. K. Palmer." Baptist; clergyman
of Coresco. Mich., makes a statement ; of -inter-
est to all catarrh and' rrlp sufferers.-." He says:
"Stuart'a' Catarrh .Tablets 'have certainly bee:i
a "blesslnc'. to me.' -I have' used: them freely
this fall -and 'winter > and : have 'found' them' a
safeguard i against - La Grippe' and catarrhal
trpubles'from which I have suffered for years
r, feel; that* I; can 'freely '.and" consilentlously
recommend .them.'.' "' . • ¦ -¦¦. ..¦ .. *
The first, symptoms ; are those of acute ca-
tarrh ; resembling ;a i hard 5 cold : - and , If ¦ prompt
treatment is ' applied at this t time ' it can easily
bo broken up.' One of the besfrerripdies'at this
stage la ' Stuart's ,v Catarrh '••. Tablets,"' sold *. by
drugglnts ¦ everywhere, , and if | taken, freely, say
one. tablet every.. hour. or 1 two' for two orthree
days, -the. danger of ; pneumonia' and 'serious
complications will be averted.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AM NORM PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. xn. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. \9:30. 11:00 a, xn.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 8:20 p. m\' -.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv* ••
San Francisco. I Apr. -3. 1901 [ Ban Francisco.
Week | Sun- .1 . . I Sun- I WaeH
Days. [ days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am '8:40ain
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton, ¦
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm HealdibuTR. 10:40am jtTtm
Lytton.
Geyserville, » '
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:39pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
8:30pm 8:C0am aad Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ' 10:40am 10:23am
• 8 :00am Guerneville; 7:35pm
3:30pm C:00pm • ¦ 8:20pia
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8: lOara
¦v «¦¦ . • ' ¦ and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. «:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| S:0Oam| ~~ |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. I 7:o5pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WesC
Springs and, White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for ¦ the Geysers: at Hopland for . Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
1 Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llsrley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Hetghts. Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usa:.
Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummins. Bell's Sprlns-n
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. "
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond. San Rafael at half rates
. Ticket office. 650 Market atreet. Chronlcla
building. -
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
STATEMENT
0P THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OfTHE—
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF OON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901. and for the year endlnz on that Cay;
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the :
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments cf Section 613 of the -Political Code of
eaid Elite.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned
by the company 111,319,675 31
Amount of Loans 6ecured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate... 23,551,115 SI '
Amount of Loans cecured by
p'.edce of Bonds. Stocks or other
ir.arketabie securities as col-
lateral 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force. . 637.032 91
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 26.735.368 78
Amount cf Cash deposited in
Banks 1.105,970 23
Interest due and accrued 900,712 «2
Rents due and accrued 10.633 2i
JCet amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 351,470 24
Total Assets $65,277,179 21
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un- r--
paid $45.195 50
Claims i for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
a-JiUfetment. or adjusted but not
due 146.780 00
Claims resisted by the Company. . 29,500 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed" ac-
cording to the Combined Expe-
rterce Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent interest 54,277.657 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 1.101,438 21
Add'tiena! reserve by Company's
standard. Am. Table 3% per
cert on insurance since April 1,
18S2 2,470.434 00
All other liabilities 195.073 91
Total Liabilities 55S.266.138 62
INCOME.
Ca«h iwelved for premiums on
new policies during the year $403,056 -67
Caeli received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4.689,613 79
Cast", received for sale of annuities 15,783 09
Cash received for interest. 2.C27.195 4S
Cash received for rents 457.621 10
Cash received ¦ fr«m all other
scurces SS.603 75
Totel Income $S.1S2.473 88
EXPENDITURES. "~ ~ "
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,C3S,270 00
Cash paid to annuitants 4,224 87
Paid lor surrendered policies 65i.2l7 4S
1'eid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1.2S4.996 24
Commissions paid to agents 402,705 SI
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
spTits and medical examiners..- 161,013 34
Salaries and traveling expenses of
" managers of agencies 18,500 00
Medicel examiners fees and sala-
ries • - • • 23.972 84
Cash paid for taxes 22R.R50 t»
Cash paid for rents 8,373 gg
All other cash payments 549.7S4 27
~ Totel Expenditures during the
year :....... $7,872,913 25
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year. .$763,801 90
Total $763.S61 »0
deductions during the
year, as follows:
Amount of notes and oth»r
premium obligations
u»ed in payment of
lew* and claims $16,919 73
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations
uted in purchase of sur- .
rendered pclicies 6,487 34
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations ,
vttA in payment cf div-
idends to policy holders. 29.070 85
Amount of note* and other
premium obligations
redeemed by maker in .
cash 12.351 07
r Total reduction of Pre-
mium-Vote Account $C6,828 99
Balance, note assets at
«-nd of the year f 607.032 91
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 10th
day of February. 1902.
NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary Public.
A. K. P. HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
PACIFIC COAST AGENCIES.
F=V R; NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT.
30-31-32............MILLS BUILDING,
SAN'FHAKCIScb^CAL,
H MWVafakiaM ¦¦» 'IWfiM laf Ml**ji?ilt)« "aW'JIfc ¦aWHaWUa'laWaBTWa^MaHBalWBaMr
DIAMOND DYES— Pureat, Strongest,
Klmplr>at. F*««te«t of all dyea.
Rev. J. W. Ricketts, Sugar Grove, Ohio,
cheerfully testifies as follows: "I have
been a sufferer from dyspepsia, attended
with biliousness and constipation, for a
number of years. During the last year it
became bo much worse that I had a mi«-
rr.v In my stomach nearly all the time,
nnd my flesh left me, until I wan a mere
*kr>leton. I have tii«ed four bottles of
Paine's Celery Compound and am now
nt my normal weight. You cannot recom-
mend Paine'i* Celery Compound too highly
for chronic dyspppula."
Mrs. Jennie \\. Steele. Vaughns, Ga..
who wan rescued from the agonies of a
terrible dlscABe and uur« death, nays: "I
have suffered for ten years with what th«
doctors called neuralpla of the liver, and
never had any relief until I began to
tako Paine's' Celery Compound. 1 have
taken about three bottlea and have not
suffered nny since I first began to use it.
I feel that Paine's Celery Compound
saved my life."
Paine's Celery Compound taken during
the opening of epring has a remarkable
efficacy in making: Eick people well and
strong. It makes short work of debility
and nervous exhaustion. It quickly drives
out neuralgia, rheumatism, sleeplessness
and dyspepsia from the system. Its vir-
tues promptly banish kidney disease and
liver troubles. , It enables all weak and
run down men and women to cast off
their besetting troubles and gives them
a happy and vigorous life.
Palne'6 Celery Compound . purifies the
blood as nothing: else can do; it is na-
ture's brain food; it builds up weak and
shattered nerves; it Is the world's best
and surest health giver.
It Nourishes the Tired Brain and
Braces the Weak Nerves.
Purifies the Blood
As Nothing Else Can Do
Paines Celery
Compound
A Marvelous
Spring Health Giver
and Invigorator.
ABSOLUTE SEGUBITYa
Genuine CARTER'S tlTTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear jignatore of /^^^^^
Very •=* u aild aS OaSy
to talte as sugar.
see Barters for oiizihess. btt
r^iT-risr FOR B1U0USKESS. ._,„„.._
r.FNIIINF Wl/ro for torpid liver. GENUINE
UtnUlliL g IV LK F0R COHSTIPATIOH.
mninnrrl H FOR SALLOW SKI H. WRAPPER
WRAPPER iBafljFORTHECOMPlEXIOH WKArrtK
'oN^ED FAFS^.-
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
Skeens Painless Stricture Cura eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
•tart, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostats Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bongies. VTe
positively guarantao * thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we esy, and it costa nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and i* absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book, "An Honest
Talk; 1 containing many testimonials, also, a
FDPP 1 15 DAYS'
W ;TC Es & TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SKEEM CO.mAtlas Bank Bldg., ClnclnnaH,a
GOHOBBBSA AMD CRINART DI3CHABQI3
rr&JSEw aw^^^^SaMnVWBaiBBM^3S^aB K5#9fifw
n Af we., • i i^fn HhV BS&vA itBPw
A CURE ' IN 4S HOURS.
' d visit DR. JORDAN'S ancKrd
OF ANATOMY^
y i:5iifi.2ziT:r.i.:.6±4"^,3.r.cji. I
i , \ Sf ,;, Th^ L*'t«« Anatomical Musnm in the \
V t&^Sk d - We-«k«e»-«. .ritiy contracted A
d flSKS DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN/)
A f^W^D Coniultation free and ttiietly prirate. \
f 1 litffl Trwiimcnt p<r»onally or by letter. A A
\ I S « H *—"*— Cw * fa CTer > «»« undertaken. T
At 1 I il»? w ht» far Book. PBILOIorm mt A
"II I * »«MnMGK. MAILED rKKS. ( A. Y
A Q, IJ. . valuable book fur mm) ¦ , \
' Y DR. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Afmrket St.S. F. V
JB when you 're going y£*
JB East, and I '11 tell you ~ f
W why to take the Bur- \\_
Tft lington. Tourist-cars tt\
I jm three times a week, nl
III Thro' standard sleeper IlJ
¦ / to Chicago daily— past \H
\ iJP^Sjij -'eryin'Am- 1
W. D. Sanborv, H^
¦ J^^^ General Agent. , jBjj^*^^Supplies of Bran are suddenly , smaller and
the market Is doing better, again, as. will b»
seen. . Middlings remain as ; before. : Hay rules
weak at unchanged' quotations, with plenty
coming 1 In and a good crop promised. .-',- -'. •
BRAN— $14 5C@15 per ton. ¦ '
' MIDDLINGS— *17 50©lU B0 . r>er ¦ ton. -
- FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled • Barley. - S20®21 ' per
ton ; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@20 ; Jobbing,
$26 50@27: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21 : ' Corn Meal,
$2ft©30;'- Cracked' Corn,-. $28 60<S>30 50;- Mixed
Feed, $lf.O17i 00; Cottonseed Meal. >$26 60. -
- . HAY— Wheat, ? f 9©12; Wheat and Oat, . «oa
- ¦ - . ¦ « . . I ... .¦ r.<v- ':¦ >t T »' - 1. -:¦•...-¦. *» .
KEW YORK, March 21.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial 7 cablegram says:
The etock market to-day was irregular except
Kaffirs, which were hard on more hopeful news
London Market,
'!- Provisions continue flrm . at Chicago, .but
Pork leading, in firmness and activity, and the
market was slightly higher. This renders the
San-Francisco market firmer in sympathy, but
prices show no change. Chicago packers are
disposed to be bullish, though receipts of
Hoes are large and of good quality.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12V5c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14%c for. extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 12H@13c; Califor
nia Hams.. 11%@12%c: Mess Beet, ?» 50@10
per barrel; extra MesS. J10 BO(f|ll; Family.
$11 50012; prime. Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$"2 50@23; -Mess.. $18 50@19; ; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. ¦ . .- ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
i compound and 10%@llc for. pure;^half barrels,
pure. ll%c: lft-lb tins. ll%c;,5-lb tins, llftc;
-. "cOTTfd^ENE— One Tialf-barrel. O^o; three
half -barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces.
$%c; five tierces,; 9%e per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops'
° m '¦ " '" ' .' ' .' '* ¦.
"There Is nothing new under this head.
0 HIDES AND . SKINS-^-Culls and brands sell
atout l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c: : medium. ' 9@9^c; - light. . 8@3% c -
Cow Hides. Oc for heavy and 8c for light'
Stags. :60>6%c-. Salted Kip Sc; Salted Year, oi'
Baited i Calf. -10c; Drjr Hldes.^iec; Culls. 14c :
Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands
15c; SheeDsklns,- shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 3(fe60o each: medium, 60@75e: lone
Wool; < 80c@$l 10 efch: Horse Hides, salt. 1 *27i
©3 for large and $2 25®2 50 for medium $175
©2«or small and 50c. for Colts: Hone Hides
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25®1 BO for medium si
©1 25 for small and 50c for; Colts.- Deerskins—
! Summer or .red eklns, 35c; r fall .or medium
skins," 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Ooat-
Provisions.
> Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,326,304 bushels, against 2,000 250
bushels last week and 3,250,044 in this week
last year. Wheat exports July 1, 1901, to date
(thirty-eight weeks) aggregate; 101, 494 (m
bushels, against 145.423,789 bushels • last sea
son.' , "s ¦ : ¦ - - ; ¦.-¦*..•¦ .-- ' ¦ . . ¦ ¦- . j ,....-
Cornexports.aggregate339,891 bushels, against
183,414 last week, and 2,605,08.4 last year July
1, 1001, to-date, corn exports aggregate 23 094
0C5 ¦ bushels, : against . 140,383,304 hist season " 3 •
Building activity is increasing and lumber is
bought freely " at# all . markets. Hardware and
wire nails are likewise active. ;¦ ~
Boot and shoe manufacturers are l>usy on pre
vious orders, but new business is light, pendinir
the trial of strength between the jobbers and
manufacturers on the one hand and batween
the manufacturers ' of shoes and | of leather - on
the other. . Eastern shoe shipments' last- week
were almost cut In •. two by the ( Boston tie-up
and the former excels in shipments in favor of
this season has been* practically lost thereby.
• Coal shipments have been no ¦ larger '¦ ' than
needed " and prices, remain steady.- Furnace
stocks of Iron are unprecedentedly small, but
' supplies ofcoke are going forward better *"'and
production is active,', with the -result that less
concern Is felt by consumers' as to supplies'
Premiums for quick deliveries are, however.* 1 as
In manufacturing fields the demand is on the
whole quieter/producers manifesting a reseuve
and disinclination to commit themselves. ¦ Print
cloths are actually higher on the week Wool
is firmer, largely owing to the small supplies
of, available, and the feeling that higher prices
will be obtained for the new clip. Arrivals of
Australian and South African wools are- large
but without any effect, because of having been
previously "sold. ¦ ;.' -V ; '¦ . -...
Wheat, after failing . to respond to 'cold
weather crop damage-talk, weakened on re
ports and predictions of. further rains in 'the
winter wheat belt, but at the decline large
export orders turned the market • upward
Liquidation has-been the feature in this cereal'
and in corn and oats,, which latter are lower on
the week. /Cotton prices appear, to have struck
a dead center, receipts Uavlng< been smaller
while exports, bought • and mold, are | still lib
eral. ' ¦"¦: ¦ -. ¦/•. - : .\ ¦ ¦ •¦ - -
• Spring Jobbing trade . has , passed Its maxi
mum, .but Is still exceptionally acth'e at- all
leading Eastern, j Western and Pacific Coast
markets. Continued ¦ good crop advices and
plentiful rains have helped Southwestern trade,
which shows a further increase and alone
among the telegraphed reports Southern cotton
growing sections . show dullness and hesitation
In wholesale, trade, .with complaints of delayed
collections. . Iron, and steel still set - the • pace,
but "famine" talk is less generally heard, al
though all energies are still strained to meet
consumptive requirements and imports of-for
eign pigiron are noted. Despite the severe
Btorm in the Northwest, reflected later In other
sections of the country In a recurrence of .the
wintry weather, spring farm and trade prepa
rations are still going forward actively; -••- ¦-."'
Dry goods are In less active demand at East
ern markets, but the volume of trade' is good
and reorders are larger than expected.. ; .
NEW YORK, March 21. — Bradstreefs to
morrow wlM.eay: . -* ; • .' : .
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10@13o for standard to fancy MoorparCv
Evaporated Apples. 8@0c:V sun dried. ! 6c;
Peaches. e%®8%c: Pears. 6@9c: Plums, pitted,
6@Gc; unpltted. 1%®2%c; Nectarines.. 5%@ac
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%@Cc for white. ,
- PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
aO-40's. C@«%c; 40-50*3. 4%@5%c- 60-60"s. 4%
C4«c: C0-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-SO's. 3%@3%c; S0
00's 2%@3%c: 00-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
©7%c: Loose Muscatels. 0%c for 4-crown and
5Vic for seedless: 3-crown, ¦ 6c: 2-crown. S%c-
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8V4o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; I>e
hesa, $2 50; Fancy. $175; London Layers,
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll($12e: Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%@10c; No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hard
shell 0c: No. 2, 7c;. Almonds.- 10%@12c for
paper-shell, 9®10c for softshell and C®7c for
hardshell: Peanuts. .5@7c for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11
©13c- Cocoanuts. $3 50@5. ¦- -
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white ¦ extracted. 50
6c; light amber extracted, 4<S!5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX-27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
NEW YORK. March 21. — To-day's stock
market was still highly professional and there
was abnormal activity In stocks which are
usually not a flsrure in the trading. ConMd
erab!y more attention, however, was given to
the representative stocks in the list, which are
quite generally higher as * result of the day's
trading. In most instances the gains were
merely fractional, but in such stocks ae St.
Paul, Louisville and Nash\-ille, Illinois Cen
tral and St. Louis and San Francisco there are
substantial net jra-in* recorded. Rock Island
moved rapidly upward in the last hour to J80,,
a net rise of 7^4. There was no special ex
planation of this sensational advance, but the
traders were inclined to buy the Granger? and
fcouthwe-Fterns on the strength of reports of
lain In the Southwest and the hope of bene
fit to the Western wheat crop. Sugar was In
clined to be heavy during- the early dealings,
but bt-came very strong toward the close, rts
mg more than 3 points over last night and
closing with a net pain of 2%. Amalgamated
Copprr was heavy all day on a rather smaller
volume of dealing)! than lately, but a. late re
<-ovcry left it enly a fraction lower on the
<Jay. The speculation in Colorado Fuel contin
ued vpry active and feverish, the price rising
.-it one tim^ 1% over last night, and then fall
ing 1% under, thf; change, on the day being
1 fractional • net lo^s. Tennessee Coal and
Hocking ¦Coal were affected In sympathy. T»>e>
inertie of the United States Steel Ftocks wai!
t:r<Jisturbed. The* local traction Ftocks were
rat:«r dull and heavy and were apparently not
affected by the plans adopted yesterday for
fyOjustment of capital. The late rise in the
«*»-v-<H was to eoroe extent in an expectation
r£K favorable bank statement to-morrow. The
/V- r i<et closed about steady and near thr. top.
The bond market was somewhat lrregu'ar.
¦Totel rales, par value, $2,C30,OO0.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. . , ¦.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 9.500. 78 77% 77%
Atchlfwn pfd 3.«00 07% 97% S7U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5.900 107 10CK lOGfc
Bait A Ohio pfd ..;./- 94%
Canadian Pacific .. 2.»oo 115% 115^ 115V4
Onada Southern... 500 tS7'A 87% 87%
trhwapeake & Ohio .... bo
Chic &' Atton 400 36 35% ."»%
Chic & Alton pfd . 7514
Chic lnd & Louis.. 4.800 6« 64% Ciii
Chic lnd & L pfd 78
Chic & Great We*t 1.200 24% 24 24%
Chic & G W A pfd. 400 88 87% 87U,
Chic &. G W B- pfd 4T,y.
Chic & Northwest. 2.«00 231 229 230%
Chic U I fc Psu:...' 7.800 180 172H J7»^A
Chic Ter & Tr : ;. 18
Chic T«T & Tr pfd .000 33 34% Ai'l
C C C & Et Lou!«/. 210 101 101 101 V,
Colorado Southern. 9,«00 28% 27H 28
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 400 72 70% 71%
Colo 2d pfd.... 2,400 43i,i 42»4 42%
Del & Hudson " 300 171% 171 171™
Del Lack & West.. 281
Denver & B G 42>4
Denver ft R G pfd. 200 91% 81% ni*i
Krte 2,800 37% 3K% .Tfi%
Erie 1« pfd.. . 1.400 G»% 6R% «8%
Erie 21 pfd........ 1,«00 65 64H 54Ti
Great Northern pfd 300 185»4 185' 185'
Hocking. VaUey .. 3<X) 71 70% 70
Hocklrus Val pfd .... 80
III Central 12,500 142% 140% 142
Iowa Central 400 49% 49«i < 49 '
Iowa Ontral pfd.. 200 P2U 82 82
Krie & Wwt. «8
Wekc j: & W pfd J, -132."
Louis fc JCaeh ZS.200/ 10C% 105% 105X
New York Stock Market.
Butter is steadily declining in the wholesale
market, whlcTi Is affecting the retail prices
Eggs are selling at about lasi week's prices.
Fish is generally cheaper. 'but there is "no
change In Meats, Poultry and Game
Fruits and Vegetables are about aa before
quoted. .".'*¦-*'-; — * -
Cannel ...'.$ @13 00 Southfleld
Wellington @11 CO Wellington $—©11 00
Seattle .... ® 8 50 Coos Bay ...$—© I ©O
Roslyn j @ 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. S -
Butter, choice. sq50<355 Common Eggs.. 153—
Do. good 45® — Ranch Eggs per
Common :.40@ — dozen 17«ffl"O
Cheese. Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. li'ij-U pound ' lSS*^
Cheeso. Swiss . ..20®UU Do. extracted.. 801(1
MEATS, per lb—
Bacon 14@1S Pork Sausages.12%013
Hams 13017 Smoked Beet ....170*5
Lard ....15@— *'l"* "
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef ... ..10®13 Spring Lamb.... 13025
Tenderl'n Sfk.l5©17Vi Roast Mutton.. 12%«i,"i
Porterh'se do..l7%«-0 Mutton Chops.. 12%@15
Round Steak. .10012% Mutton Stew '8«10
Beef Stew 8@10 Roast Veal 10©lS
Corned Beef .... 8®10 Veal Cutlets ....isms
Roast Lamb 15@18 Roast Pork . ..12%®13
Lamb Chops 15@20|Pork Chops — ©13
POULTRY AND GAME —
Hens, each .....50@90 Pigeons, pair ...40©5O
Young Roosters. ' Squaba, per palr.50@e5
each 75c@$l Rabbits, each ..15020
Old Roosters. ea.50!i3i75 Hare, each ..... 62#
Fryers, each 00® 75 English Snipe.
Broilers, each.,.40@B5 per dozen . ." — @J4 00
Turkeys, per lb. .18022 Jack Snipe... _®«2 60
Ducks, each ".65@$1 Wild Geese per
Geese. each....$l 5O@2 pair 73c@$l 00
Goslings . ... — ®$2 60 1 Brant, each ....25033
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alligator Pears?. Grape Fruit, per vBB§
each ... 25@oO dosen 60073
Almonds ... .'...15@20 Limes, dozen ...10@i3
Apples •• 3 @ * Lemons, dozen ..20#30
Pecans — ® M Oranges, dozen.. 20060
Brazil Nuts ?°®~r Pineapples. each.30@5O
Bananas, doz ...15®2j Raisins, per lb.. 5015
Cocoanuts, each. — ©10 Walnuts, pr lb.I2%©lS
Dried Figs, pr lb— «10 . w
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus ....12]4@23 Okra dried. lb..~®2 3
Artichokes, &oz.A0<9*\ Pptatots. pr lb..2^%
ulets. doien ...-10®-- Potatoes.. . 3 %@1
Beans, white, lb. 6®- Pa™nipsr per aa.lu^T
Colored, per lb. B© — «aflishes, dozen
Dried Lima. lb.. C®.8 bjMche, la@2(t
Cabbage, each... 6® — Knubarb ¦ i a .
Celery head .... 8©- Sweet Potatoe^. ® "
Cre«s da bnchs..20®30 per lb ?.2%« 4
Clumbers. dz.$l 50@2 Sag e , b a ch*1n$&
KST? *::::
Green PePPe"' 1^^? Summer Squash.'"^
Green Peas, lb.lOiftlSVb Per pound. . .12%«n
Lettuce, per doz.l5©20 Sprouts. pe r ib a« «
Ltek^drbch,.. 15^20 Spinach. }g;; *|^
Onions, per lb..2%@ 4 Thyme. d> bchs.25®30
Ureen Onions. «*;;-'• Turnips. p« P do«.10®_
. bunches ... ---i^O Tomatoes.pr lb. 8@T2X
Mushrooms. lb...40®60 -vj
FISH— •
Carp ...¦......¦..•— f 10 S«a Bass _<ff-
Catfish "•'•!?t~f melts ••¦'... .12*915
Codfish H£~f° Ies 1S%®15
Flounders . ..'.... 10@— Skates, each ... S@13
Halibut — ©15 Squid ...... ._ ®_.
Herring ......... — & — iTomcod 10(912 Vi
Mackerel ..' — ® — Turbot 20&30
Do. horse ..... — @— Trout — d—
: Perch ... ....... — @ — Brook Trout .... — 9 —
1 l*cmplno ....75c@$l 00 Whlteflsh 109—
Rockcod ....... .— @15 Clams, gallon . . .50@>—
Rockflsh .......— ®13 Do, hardshell.
Salmon, fresh. 12li@13 per pound .... 8®10
Do, smoked ...lotoSS Crawfish ..... .— ®12U
•Sardines — @— Crabs, each — «25
Phriropa ... ...:103 — Mussels, quart .. — @ —
Shad ... ..10@12t4 Oysters. Cal. . 100.40@5O
Striped Baas ..12Vi@15 Do. Eastern.da.25® 10
Continued'on Page Thirteen.
Flour, easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 72®73V,c;
No^2 red.-80p82c; No. 2 oats. 43Vi@43%c; No.,
2 white -40c: No> 3 white.- 44@45%c; No. 2 rye,
57@57%c; fair to choice malting barley (KW>
67c; No. V flax Beed. $1 C8;<;No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 72;mess pork, per barrel, $15 50@10 P5;
lard, -ner i00. pounds. $9 37%@940; short rlb3
sides (loose). $8 45@8 CO; dry palted shoulders
(boxed), 7%(H)7%c; short, clear sides, (boxed). !
$9.@t)10: whisky.- basis ¦ of 'high wines.' $1 SO;
clpver, r contract grade, $8 75. ?:
"Articles— ." .Receipts Shipments.
Flour, barrels.... ..".'.. 23,000 ... 10,000
Wheat, bushels ........... 49,000 84,000
Corn, bushels '..t... .(55.000 72,000
Oats, bushels ..'... .88.000 119,000
Rye. bushels i 1.000 ...... .
Barley, bushels .'¦ •' 17.000 : .- io.qoq
r On" the" Produce Exchange to-day the , Butt»r
markets wao easier. •.. Creameries. 20@27%c; Dai
ries, ' 39@25c. , . - Cheese^ .steady. U ll%@12V6c
Eggs, steady; fresh,' ,12%@125ic. .. , .-. ., . ,•
v. •"¦•PnYeipn > F.titurpf ¦'¦¦¦'•¦''''
.; LIVERPOOL. '.' /
i- Wheat—.' ; March. : May. ; Ju\ y . .
Opening".. ...... :.:<* 1H 6 14 * 6 ll«
Closing ............6 1% :>.•'.«% Cll%
.' :. -.- . \ . faris..: . > .. .-. .¦;,¦-..,
.Wheat— f. - . •' March.' ¦ May-Aug
Opening ....21.73 . 22 55
Closing r. '.*.'.. 21 90 22 00
,;¦ -Flour — '¦'¦':.¦¦ - -» : ¦ .,..-> -.,.•¦(•' :.;:¦¦.!' : ",,
Opening ...................' 26 90 ' . 2780'
Closing ...'. ......'¦27,10/ 27 85
. , i Nezu :. York- Metal Market.
Cash quotations were as follows
Articles — - , Open. ¦ High. „ Low. , Clo»e.
Wheat No. 2 — .. Y v - .
May ........... 74% -:74% ,' 73% 73%
July ....74% 75%-. 74H 74%
September ,<75% .75 - 74'/i : 74%
,Corn No..I— - /
May f.0% / 61 . Q0% -fini/i
July 00% 61, . COVi C0%
September ...... 58% 59% - 58% 58 1 /.
Oats No. 2-i-; . ...
May ...........: 43% . -43% . 43%'. 43%
July .... 35% 35%, 35 ' ;i5~
September -29% 29%, 29% 29%
Mess Pork per barrel — ¦ ' ¦¦-..• ... ;
May .'. . .ir> 5S 15 70 IB C5 15 02%
July .... . ..15-70 : -.15 82% 15 70 15 77%
'Lard, per ' 100 ' pounds ' •
May ........... 9 45 ' , 9 50 ,9 45 9 47%
July ........... 9 57% 9 00: 9 55 9 57%
September ...... 9 70 » 72% .9 67% 9 70
Short Ribs, 1 per 100 pounds— .
May ....„...-,.. 8 52% R 157% R 52% S 57%
July ..'.;..... .\.\s en /¦ 8 70 s ra . r <<7%
September ...... 8 75 8 SO 8 75 •' 8 77%
Provisions' .showed strength , again to-day
against the depression In grains. Good buying
advanced all products after a. higher opening-.
May pork closed 10c up, lard a shade higher
and ribs fi©7%c higher. '"' .\ ' •'•
. The: leading- futures ranged as' follows: '•'•¦
Corn followed wheat most , of the day, The
close was weak, %@%c lower for May, at 60%c.
• Oats were -.moderately 3 active with prices
yielding somewhat' with wheat and ; corn." May
closed easy, ,%c down, at ' '. ". -
CHICAGO, i March 21. — Wheat opened weak
and lower on good rains In many of the wheat
States and' declined . still further on rather
heavy selling. These rains were much needed
and were supposed to be beneficial to the grow
ing crop. Argentine reports Indicated an in
creased movement and. still better prospects.
Cables were slightly higher, but had little ef
fect. > Added to this bearish Influence was the
advice from ' New York that much of the stuff
reported sold. for export yesterday was still for
sale. /May wheat, which opened- a shade to %
@%c; lower, at 74%@73%c,- sold off to 73%c.
Then came a revival of- yesterday's export busi
ness and shorts covered. The market, was very
flrm for a time- at 74%@74Vic. The Southwest
ern reports, however, had the . most Influence
in this market. St." Louts and Kansas City
were we,ak ; and sold liberally. Liquidation
started In on a free sbale late in the day, bears
cold short and prices tumbled. May sold off and
closed vreak,-%c lower, at'73%@7.'J%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
Two cars of Fancy Apples were received from
Oregon and met with ready sale at full fig
ures. Otherwise there Is, nothing .new. to re-
P °APPLES— $2@2 CO per box for extra. $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and C0c@$l for ordl
na crTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75cffl$l 50
for standard. $1 25@2 for .ch<%'ce and «2 2502 75
for. fancy; extra fancy, $3; Seedlings. $i@
1 75- Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
Si 50@2 in half boxes; Malta Bloods. $1 25@
1 50 In half boxes: Lemons, 75c®$l tor
common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
S2(fl2 f>0 for fanov: Grape Fruit, $2«3: Mexi
can Limes. $4 50@5; Bananas,- $1 25@2 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
¦ At the Orange auction 5 cars were sold, aa
follows: Fancy Navels. $l-90$r2 50; choice daf
$1 10@2; Standard do. 85c@$l 75; Fancy Seed
lings, $1 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25@1 60.
In the oven market small and medium slzs3
of Navels and Seedlings were quoted steady,
and large sizes ( dull.- Prices stood about the
same. '-•-¦¦.•' •¦ * ¦ ¦-"
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Hay and Feedstuff s'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks w are I as fol
lows, usual discount Mo ¦ the trade :; Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 4bs;;Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $a 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn 'Meal.' $3 25;
extra -cream do, $4; Oat -Groats, . $5; -Hominy,
*4«!4 20; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; 1 Cracked
Wheat, $3 GO; Farina. '$4 50; -Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats • (barrels), $6 8fi@8 35-
In sacks,' $6 60@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split p ea a
$5; Green Peas. $8 50 per 100, lbs..
1 FLOUR— Calif ornia Family Extras, $3 60@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* . Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 7u@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers': Washington Bakers', '^jj>
3'60. ' "'•¦'"/^ .•,:¦'¦ . ;¦; . -" ; ':v -.- '-:¦: -.-., _-,
Flouri and'Millstuffs;
CORN — Although Chicago j was lower that
market reported some"- taken for export, the
first in a long time.' 'The, Gates crowd were
large buyers, taking about * 1.000,000 bushels.
The Southwest' reported ' a? small , movement,
with stocks decreasing. Cables from ' the Ar
gentine reported a material * Improvement . In
the crop. Harvesting : has : Just commenced
there and the: quality of the grain is. good.
This market remains . as previously : quoted.'
with, a sluggish demands ' . . ¦'¦:
.Large Yellow, $1 354j'l 50; small round do,
$1 3.101 50; white,' $1 S5@l 40 per' ctl...
RYE— Quotable at JD»%@05c por ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 51 C5@l 75 per
ctl.; v;;:,.-.... : ¦¦ :¦ .¦-..'"¦¦ ;¦ ..' :.:-v: ; --
Grays, $1 30@l 40: whites. $1 30@l 4b; Sur
prise $1 40@l 45: felack. $1:12%@1 22% 1 for
leed and $1 22%®1 32% for seed; red, $1 30@
1 42% per ctl. . " .-¦¦;. ¦•.'¦ ;V ...
, Informal Session — 9 ilS" 1 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 77%c. May — 6000, 00%c. .
, Second : Session— December— 2000 ctls,' 77%c.
I Regular Morning Session — No sales. . * - . (
" Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
77%c; 4000, 77 %c. May— 201 1 ?, 9Ic.
¦ OATS — Are steady at* the familiar quota
tions.:' Trade, however. Is not brisk, being
confined to filling local consumptive wants..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 92%@95c for No.' 1 and 00@91%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 05@
87%c; Cheyaller, .95c@$l 20 per ctl.-
CALL BOARD SALES,
•¦ . Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 08%; 18,000, $1 08%. .
. Second Session — No sales. ' % : •
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
¦ Afternoon Session — May — 8000 ctls, $1 10%.
December— 16,000. $1 08. : . ,- . „
. BARLEY — The market . was a • fraction
firmer, "with some improvement In the demand,
both here . and ¦ in the country, j The export
business in the interior continues brisk and
is ¦ steadily reducing supplies. " "
The San Francisco market was steady and
unchanged. ¦'-. ' ¦ •"¦' ' ¦ <¦<¦
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $111%; milling,
$1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
. WHEAT — The foreign - markets were, firm,
with advancing futures at Paris and Liver
pool. . '¦' i ...'¦."' .
The Chicago dispatches . of . M. Blum and
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. reported . a decline
at the opentng on account of general rains in
Kansas, with more buyers than sellers. Ther^
was a good cash business again, which largely
offset the softening effect of the rains. The
Modern Miller was bearish, saying that the
rains had given 'full relief. .. The feature of tho
day was the marked Increase In ! the demand
for export, as the market has now ¦ got ' down
to an export basis and Europe evidently' wants
American -wheat. From all quarters , came re
ports of sales for export account. '<¦, Vessel room
was taken for 300,000 bushels for Buffalo. New
York reported ' over 800,000 . bushels, Kansas
City 50.000, while . Minneapolis wired that the
entire Fort-Wllllams stock and. all the Mani
toba wheat" at Duluth had been sold -for ex
port.- Chicago worked nearly 1,000.000 bushels
on Thursday and reported 415,000 yesterday,
with more working. Minneapolis, stocks were
eptlirifcted to show a decrease for the weelu.of
450,000 and Bradstreet' s gave the exports from
the. whole country for the week at 4,326,000
bushels.- the- largest for. some- time. -This
marked Increase in the export demand gives
the market a better aspect all. around. :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 4C degrees. ,
WEATHER COXDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Genfrally cloudy weather prevails over the
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and
Washington and Oregon. Light rain has fallen
north of Cape Mendocino along the coast an-1
over Washington. ** .
The pressure has risen over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and fallen over the
southern. A well marked depression is cen
tral in Southern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen slightly In all
districts, and frosts will be general Trhere
th«» skies are clear In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for . thirty
hours ending midnight March 22:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Saturday;
light to fresh northwest wind.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Saturday;
fresli veet wind.
Nevada — General cloudy Saturday; fresh
north wtnfi. •
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Saturday; fresh -west wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily in Charge.
FOR FRIDA" MARCH 21.
Flour, qr sks.. 3,7«' 'traw. tons .... 90
"W r heat. ctls 232.!V* lops. bale« 4n
Barley, ctla 3,n eather. rolls .. fil
Oats, ctls . 07' Mme. bbls ...... JS1
Beans, ska . f.?' =!ugar. ctls .-.. 2 30»;
Corn, ctls ...... 475 Wine, gala .... 51.400
Potatoes, sks... 1.C62 Tallow, ctls ...." "»-|«
Alfalfa Seed, sk 4 p e its bd!a . r.1H
Wool, sks ...... is Hides. -No fiO7
Bran, ska 30 Raisins, bxs . . . 2.700
Hay, tons 5S1 Quicksilver, flsk 153
OREGON.
Flour, or sks. ..' 13.1601 Onions, sks 471
Oats, ctls 4-10 Middlings sks.. 1 00O
Potatoes, sks .. 3,50^ Wool, bales ....' I
WASHINGTON.
Bran,' sks ...... 1,700;
Receipts of Produce.
The America Maru took '< out a treasure list
of $104,041, consisting of $4041 In* Mexican
dollars and $100.«»0 la silver, bullion. \y-
Sterling Exchange. 60 days..*... $4 86
Sterling Cables, • sight .n-. .....:.; — : 4 88
Sterling CableB . r. . : . ".". :.."..-. .'. . — 4 89 .
New York Exchange,- sight.. ..... — •- 05
New York, Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver,, per ounce: , 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... ...... — - ' 45%
Exchange and 'Bullion.
BUTTER — Creamery. 23®24c per pound for
fancy, 22@22%c for firsts and 20@21c for sec
onds: dairy, 19@21c; store Butter, 16@18c.per
pound ¦ • - - - —
CHEESE— New, 9%@10%c: old. 9©Jlc;
Young America, 8@10c; Eastern. • 13©15c per
pound."
EGGS — Ranch, 15%@16c for selected large
and 14%®15c for good to choice; stone, -13%^
14%c per" dozen. *
. i The situation 1 in Eggs | remains •¦• as before
stated. ¦ There are large stocks here, and tho
feeling Is weak, with a downward tendency in
quotations. . - . ¦ ¦
Receipts v ere 75,600 pounds. barrels and
16 tubs of Butter.* 1809 casea of Eggs. 7350
pounds of California Cheese. pounds of
Oregon. Cheese and 12,700 pounds of Eastern
Cheese. -'
Receipts ot Butter were 756 boxes," the larg
est this season, as will be seen, and the.ar
rivals from all sources are.expected. to increasi
steadily from now on. In view of this out
look dealers are standing from under, and sell-
Ing all they can. The Exchange, after a sharp
and warm discussion of the situation, marked
its quotations down lc all around, quoting
creameries at 19@22c, dairies at 18JJ21c and
store at 16c, there being considerable difference
among the members as to what the
ought to be. The decline has led to some orders
for the north, f but this business has. only Just
commenced'and is small s aa;yeC : • ,j.
¦ v Cheese - continues weak -at unchanged ' quota
tions wJth plenty of stock on hand. . ' ¦ ' .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Business In evaporated apples was quiet,
with the market showing a .steady, tone and
prices remaining unchanged. . State, common
to good, 7@8%c: prime, 9©9%c; choice, 9%@
10c; fancy. 10%@llc. .- . ' ¦•* .,
A fair jobbing trade was noted In prunes at
firm prices for. large sizes. ; Small sizes were
quiet and easy. Apricots and peaches received
some attention from* Jobbers and ruled flrm
In tone at unchanged prices.
PRUNES— 3%©7c. : . ,
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%@
12%c. / '
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@15c; unpeeled, 8@
10c. ' '
DRIED • FRUITS
NEW YORK. March 21.'— FLOUR^-Recelpts,
22,478 barrels ;.». exports, 14,791. Market dull
and barely steady. „„„„', , ¦
i WHEAT-^Recelpts, 31,350 bushels. .- Spot,
easy No 2 red, 85%c elevator and 87%cf.o.
b afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. .0.
b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,- 86V4c f. .0. b.
afloat. At a shade under last 'night's prices
wheat ruled fairly steady all'. day. -with a ner
vous local trade- and selling checked by fur
ther export rumors and higher cables. Weather
news furnished the chief bear Influence, as
more rain was reported in, the Southwest. Near
the close unloading by room traders caused a
sharp break and last prices . were %c net
lower. March closed 79%c: May. 79%©80%c.
closed 70 1 ,£c: July closed at 7!)%c; Septembci
closed "at 79Uc.
HOPS — Firm. £ k~
HIDES— Steady. f <i
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece. 2G@29c.
SUGAR— Raw, flrm: fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 90 te?t. 3 %c; molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined; firm f*No.~Or 4.25c rfto: 7T 4: :15c; No.
8,- 4.05c: No. 9, 4c;. No.. 10. 3.95c; No. 11.
3.90c; No. 12, 3.85c: No. ¦ 13, ' 3.8Oc;' No. 14,
3.80c; standard A, 4.00c; confectioners' A,
4.C0c: mold A, 5.15c; cut loaf. 4.30c; crushed,
5.30c; powdered, 4.00c; granulated, 4.80c;
cubes. 5.05c. • •-. . .» , : , ¦ : . ¦ .. . - .
COFFEE — Futures . closed net .. unchanged to
5 points lower. Total sales were 19.250 bags,
including: .May,' $5 35; September, $5 70; De
cember, $5 90. • .-• ¦ • ' . ¦¦ 5-
Nezu York Grain and Produce:
, .LONDON,' March. 21.— Consols, 93 7-1C. Sil
ver, 24 15-lCd. French - rentes, lOOf 55c@100f
B7%c. Cargoes on passage', buyers at an ad
vance; cargoes No.' 1 Standard California, 29s
l%d: English 'country markets, firm, ft
LIVERPOOL. March 21.— WHEAT— Quiet;
No. 1 Standard 1 California. Cs 3%d@6s 4d;
wheat in Paris, firm: flour in Paris, flrm;
French country markets, firm; weather In Eng
land, part cloudy. • ' •
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
105,000 centals, .including 64,000 American. | .
Foreign Markets.
THE COAST RECORD.
WASPIINGTON.
S PORTLAND. March 21 .—Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 64%@t>5cr Valley. G5%c; Bluestem, 6Gc.
; TACOMA. Mar6h 21.— Wheat— Steady; Blue
stem. 66c; Club, C5c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 • for Brush: Gray Geese. $2 C0®3;
White Geese. 75c(?$l; Brant. $1©2 p«r dozen:
Honkers. $304; English Snipe. $3@3 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 50S2.
POULTRY— Live Turkeya. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Gee»e, per pair;
$1 50@l-75; Goslings. *2 25®2 60; Ducks. $5
@5 50 for old and $7@S for young: Hens. $4 R0
$6; young Roasters $6tfrT-60;- old Roosterv
$4 2i"i®4 50; Fryers, $5® 5 50; Broilers. $4 50
@5 for large and $3<g>4 for small ; Pigeons,
$1 GO per 'dozen for old- and $2*75@3. for
Squabs. .- •"' „
Offerings of -California were liberal and the
market cleaned up at the appearing prices.
The demand was strong for all descriptions.
There were no changes In game. Receipts
were 22 sacks. *
One car of Eastern Poultry, making the fifth
since Monday, was placed on the market, and
sales were made at the following prices : Hens,
$7@7 50; Old Roosters and Ducks. $5 50; Young
Roosters, $8; Pigeons, $1 75; Squabs. $3 50;
Geese,' $1 75(&2; Live Turkeys, 15e per lb. .
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refrain* Com
pany quotes aa follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: • Cubes. A. Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: , Candy Granulated.
¦1.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.25-«:
Beet Granulated (TOO-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners' A. 4.25c: Magnolia A. 3.S5c-
Extra C 3.75c; Golden C, 3.63c: "D "
3.05c; barrels. 10c. more: half-barrels, 25c more*
boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more, for a"
kinds* Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4J3c; box™^
tkj D«r lb. No order taken for less than. 73
barrels or Its equivalent.
TURPENTINE— Higher again at 73c per ral
lon. In cases and 67c In drums and Iron bar
rels. . .; . . i, ' ¦
COAL OrL— Water White ConlOil. m bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 2Cc: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Focene.
22c: der^Jorlzad stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c • In
c»«es. 21%c: Benzine. In bulk. 14c; In cases.
20%c; MJ-dagree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c- In
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; SouthfleM
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $8 50: Bryant. $« 50:
Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $8 60:
Co-operative Wallsend. tS 50; Cumberland. *12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthracite. $14;
Cannel. $11, per ton; Coke-. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OIL — California Castor OH. In cases. No. 1.
pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
iCc: raw, 74c: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 66c for
boiled s>nd 64c for raw. in barrels: Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. 70c: cases. 75c: Sperm, pure.
C5c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels. 42%c: casea. 47%--
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
5S%c for Australian. ¦ • -
BAGS — Are firm, owing to the good croo
prospects. Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32033c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@Sc.
General Merchandise:
PORTLAND. March 21.' — Clearings, $381,300;
balances. $71,414.
SEATTLE, March "21.— Clearings, $389,979;
balances, $57,001. • ¦ '
¦ SPOKANE, March 21.— Clearings, $198,401;
balances, $20,C31. \
. TACOMA, March 21.— Clearings, $19G,179;
balances, $46,335. v
Noriherri'Business.
Last . This ¦ . Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureks. O.tWS 42.80 40.17
Ked Bluff 0.00 27.4!> 22.17
Sacramento 0.00 15.28' 17il3
Fan Francisco.......' 0.00 lti.«7 18.79
Fresno 5 -SC 10.2S
Independence 0.00 4.05 5.81
San Luis Obispo 0.00 18.78 27. 02
Los Anreles 0.00 9.89 14.10
San Diego 0.00 4.93 9.13
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
r>4: minimum. 44; roecn. 41
The following majcimum and minimum tem
jieratures were reported from Eastern stations:-
Bcstcn 42-WiKansas City 50-40
Cincinnati 52-30 Omaha ,46-30
Philadelphia 4U-40 Chicago ."40-34
Washington 4)»-40 Duluth 34-S2
Jacksonville . .'... WJ-3S St. Louis CO-40
New York 44-SS!Salt Lake City. . .50-S2
LONDON, i March 21.— The j offerings at the
wool 'auction /sales to-day numbered, 14, 300
bales.'- Scoureds were In keen request for the
Continent. Cross-breds were bought chiefly for
the I home trade. . Some ! light • conditioned Me
rinos and good medium cross-breds were taken
by .'Americans. "¦. r ' '¦¦
London Wool; Sales.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four'hours:
SAN FRANCISCO, March 21—5 p. m
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Manhattan L. 16,700 134% 133% 13?Bt
Metropolitan St 'tty COO' 1C8% 168 lCS^I
Mexican Central... 11.100 29% 29% 29^'
Mexican National.. 3.100 19% 19%: 15%
Minn & St Louis.. . 300 110% 110 noli
ST.; 1 /€?::: *« 'S58 'SSS 'gS
Reading ui pfd"; £ f$> |5%
|tL/s s F F ivt-pf d : 8 ::°° c^ m 11
StL&SF2dpfd. 700 74% tL% « %
St L Southwest.... 100 26%' 20% *6
It Lf,? utn * e « pfd' 200 59 * 50 A ¦ 58%
pii-I^ IKtiftl
il^^^SUl 1st
Lnion Pacific...,. S8.B00 "100% 9nu ino-V
S-&15/K*:: ;-.r «*';fS a|
iSS W Ji« If
Adams . - .•¦.;'...
American ..'.'.'.'.'.'. "¦"¦ ""¦ i^n
United States v>''--- '¦'¦¦ " f;J.
Wells Fargo ..W \\\i J™
Miscellaneous— _ . . . . iuo
Amal Copper 20.800 64% (52% C3U
Amer Car & F c.300 32% ".1% iitJ
AmerC&Fpfd.. 41500 o5% »o %
Amer Linseed Oil. . 400 25 24V4 - 24
Amer Lin Oil pffi.. ...... . 53
Amer Locomotive.. 5,300 32% 31% 31 1i
Amer Loco pfd ... 800 - 94 03% a\rt
Ana Mln Co. 800 30U in '?A^
Brook Rapid T.... 14.300 07% flftii wv
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 72 300 108$ 105 ** J05^
Consolidated Gas . 2,000 223$ 223% 223fc
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 500 120% 120«* 120«
General Electric .. 1.100 319 315% '318
Hocking Coal .... 7.200 19% ¦ 10 last
Internat Paper ... 4,000 23 22 "\.22U
Internat Paper pfd 100 76 "' .'76 ' 73U
Internat Power ..." 1,400 »«SJ4 94% t 05
Laclede Gas -. . - , »*jj # _ g^
National Biscuit .. 700* 52U sili ci
National Lead .r. "7OO r 19&' 19% ' 19U"
North . American.". . 2.000 119 11C% 116$
Pacific Coast 73
Pacific Mall 1,300 45" 44" 4414
People's Gas ...... 4.400 103% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car. . 500 40% 40% 40%
Press Steel Car pfd 200 83% 83% \
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 230 '236 235
Republic Steel 4,100 18% 18U 18Vi
Rep Steel pfd .... 1.200 74% 74% 74U
Sugar 61,800 134% 130*. 133%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 19,500 72% 71U TiA?
Union Bag & Paper 300 17 17 10W
Union B & P pfd.. 791*
U S Leather 17,300 .12% li% 12^
U S Leather pfd... 1,100 81% 81% 81%
V S Rubber 7.500 17% 16% 17%
U S Rubber pfd... 5.000 61 58% 60
U S Stc«l ..5.700 42% 42% 42'i'
V S Steel pfd -.7,200 94% 94% 943J
Western Union ... too !H)% 80% 00%
Shares sold C24.000
NEW YORK BONDS. "
U S ref 2s re* ...109 L & N unlf 4s.. 109%
U S ref 2s coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s. 82
L S 3s reg 109V4 Do l.t lnc . s:i%
L S 3a couo 109% Minn & St L 4s..lO.'J9i
U S new 4s rejr.139 M K & T 4s 100
V S new 4s coup.l.19^i - Do 2ds "' h"j/
V 8 old 4s reg..lll N Y Ctntrii 'iiu.i(a%
L S old 4s coup. 112 Do gen 3%s....lO8
U 8 5 S reg ......106 N J cen «n to! .140
V S?* COUD 1<WJ Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.ia'»% Do 3s ... 74%
Do adjust 4s... 93% Norf & W con"4s'io.m
Bait * f Ohio 4e.. 104% Reading gen 4s. 09%
Do3i4s . .1 9« St L & I M en 5s 119%
Do conv 4s ....107% St I. & S F 4s... 98^
Canada South 2ds.lO8 St L S W lsts 90U
Central of Ga 5s. 110% Do 2ds . '" 80^
Do 1st ine .... 78% SanA& A p'4s' Sl2
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08 Southern Pac 4s..' 94%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 5s!llj£
C B & O new 4r. 96 Texas & Pac lsts 120V1
C M&St P cen 4s.ll«U Tpl St L & w 4s 85
C & N W con 7s.l37% tVion Pacific 4s. .'lO5%
C R I & P 4s....H2%< Do conv 4s ".1 06%
C C C&StL kh 4s.ia3% Wabash lfts ...Ally.
Chi Term 4s 88 1. Do.2ds ..". m •
Cc!o & South 4s. 94% I Do deb B .."" 75s/.
Denver & R G 4s. la'Hi 1 West Shore 4s 'ill
Erie prior lien 4s. 09% , W & L Erie 4s" * 01
Do gen 4s 87% Wisconsin Cen 4s*. 90^4
Ft W & D C lrts.112% Con Tob 4s..... tiOH,
Hocking- Val 4%s.lO8%l "'*
.. • NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con ; 40. Little Chief ...'. 10
A»ce ... 60 Ontario 75$
Breece ... OB Ophir ...• m
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix .". "" cm
Cometock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi ... .."" 12
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Savage Al
peadwcod Terra . . 50 Sierra- Nevada ". " ->o
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes ... 45
, IrOI i f ll Ve X 70 Standard 3 40
Leadville Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
-Money—' v- .United Fruit .... 90»i
Call loans ....3%@4% Westlnghse com.. "08
Time loans ...4%@5 Minlns—
Bonds — Adventure 21
Atchison 4s 1OI Allouez 4
Gas Ista 87 Amalgamated*!!! 03>4.
Mexican Cen 4*.. SI Baltic ... 4«v
N E Gu & Coke. «O Blnghazn ... * 24%
Railroads — Cal & Hecla .'.'.".*. 600
Atchison, 77?i Centennial- .. . 24 I &
Do pfd 97 y v Copper Range . . '. w ™
Boeton & Albany. 263 Dominion Coal 118
Boston & Maine. 194% Franklin I2<li
Boston Elevated.. 16J)% Me Royale .. 171J
N Y N H & H..214% Mohawk ... . ! ! ! 34
Fltchburg pfd . .147% Old, Dominion .. l»si
Union Paclflc ...100% Osceola ... . CO
Mexican Central . 20% Parrot ... '!"....! 29 *
Miscellaneous — Quincy !l32 '
American Sugar. .133% Santa Fe Copper 3
Do pfd ¦¦:•¦ 118% Tamarack ..: ..!l8:{"
Amer Te! & Tel. 169% Trimountain .. ..100
Dom Iron & S... 44% .Trinity ... '.'.'.. 14%
General Electric. .SI 8 United States ... ]8%
Mans Electric ... 36% (Utah 22%
Do pfd ..'. 96%;victorla 5s?
N K Gas A Coke. 7 'Wlnona 114
U S Stee! 42U|Wolverine ,. 52"
Do pfd IW%I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Consols for money 93% M K & T.'. ...'.... 24%
Do for- acct... 03 7-161 Do pfd ...... 5314
Anaconda 6% !N<Y central 167
Atchison 78% Ncr & West 58
Do pfd 100 Do pfd ........ 02%
Bait & Ohio.. 1O9 Ontario & West.. 33 u
Canadian Pac HSVi So Railway ...... 335?
Ches & Ohio .:... 47 Do pfd 99-
Chi Gt West 23- So Pacific ....... 00%
Chi M & st P.... 169% Union Pac 102%
Den & R G 44% Do pfd .... 89%
Do pfd 04% U S Steel 43%
="* ; ••¦•• 37%' Do pfd mf H
Do l«t pfd 70% Wabaah 21 Vi
Do 2d pfd 60% Do pfd .;...... 44U
III Central Ttt% Spanish 4s 77%
Louis & Nash 108%| .
¦ Bar silver, firm, 24 15-1 6d per ounce; money,
2%®3 per cent; the rate of discount In the
open market for short bills 13 2% per cent; the
rate of discount In the open market far three
months' bills is 2% ?er cent. . . '
NEW YORK. March 21.— The following
table, compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank
clearings at the ' principal cities for the .week
ended March 20, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year: . I
¦ . .-•-¦¦. Percentage.
• ' Inc. ' . Dec.
New York... $1,400,101,926 17.2
Chicago lf.1,014,862 11.8 :...
Boston 130,142,890: ..:. 13.2
Philadelphia 109.737,898 13.0 ....
St. Louis. 49,287,355 14.2 ;-....
Pittsburs 39,380,219 4.4
Baltimore ......... 21,442,971 I ;... 10.4
San Francisco . 24.052.189 .26.1
Cincinnati. '.. 20,528,500 11.1 ....
Kansas City 17,055,814 18.0
Cleveland ..... 12,321,828 0.3 ....
Minneapolis 11,599,368 : 30.7
New Orleans 11,430.172 '•.... 12.4
I>etrolt 9,482,374 8.4 .....
Louisville 9,107,858 : 5.5 ....
Indianapolis S. 240, 005 -20.8 ..~.
Providence 0,130,800' .... ,5.1
Omaha' 7.46S.455 23.4 ....
Milwaukee 6,395,401 2.3
Buffalo 4,983.235 , 6.5 . ....¦
fct, Paul 4.735,358 2.3 . ....
St. Joseph 4,726,756 31.3 ;.'¦¦-.."..
I>enver 4,33rt,397 .-. . . ' V 5.7
Richmond 4.5.A019 2.6 ....
Savannah 2.3S0.737 .... .22.2
S-alt Lake City 3.252.227 30.9 ".:.-.
Albany 2,989,106 18.0 ...'.
Los Angeles 3,967,609 ai.8 v .;.,
Memphis , 3,«374,230 ' 1U. 7 --.'./;. '
l-'ort Worth 2,00i,479 14.9 '...,.
Seattle 3.013.427 32.3
Washington 3,729.675 '29.9 ¦;...
Hartford 2,520,521 .... 1.0
Peorla 3.290,443 40.7 ....
Toledo 2.36S.738 4.6
Portland. Ore 2.839,718 60.4 ......
Rochester ..... 2,878.239 45.3 ..'..
Atlanta 2.264.325 8.5
Des Molnes 2.085,106 27.2 ....
New Haven : 1,509,608 18.5 ....
Worcester 1,554.744 11.0 .....
Nashville ...... l,«81,«07 18.3 ....
Fpringneld, Mass... 1,401,679 16.2 ....
Norfolk 1,376,452 4.7 ....
Grand Rapids 1,503,125 . .... ,1.1
Pcranton ; 1,516,092 .... 40.2
Portland, Me 1,169,353 5.1
Pioux City , .1,544.970 25.2
Augusta 1,067,706 .... 41.6
Syracuse 1,097,180 14.1 ....
Dayton,. O. 1.544,581 23.1 ....
Tacoma. . , 1,222,031 • ¦ 6.9
Spokane .' -' 1.523,851 48.7 ....
Topeka .,.. 1.490,757 12.2 :
Davenport ....... 958.542 22.1 ....
Wilmington, Del... - 1,015.948 1.8 ....
Evansville . ' 881,033 ¦ .... 18.3
Birmingham ....... 930,207 21.5
Fall River... ; ; S>95,315 54.0 ...'.
Macon- ',' 082,000 '...: -2.4
Little Rock..... ' 821.827 33.9 ....
Helena .: 487,309 .... 29.9
Krioxville . 049,417 • 3.0 -....-
Lowell.. ' 504,432 . 3.8
Akron /C24.700 17.5
Wichita 578,631 7.0 ....
Springfield, 111. . . 610,407' 4.9 ....
Lexington 750,910 42.4
New Bedford ¦391,340 3.4 ....
Chattanooga 549,141 16.8
Youngstown \ 654,181 117.2 ... .
Kclemazoo .... 437,674 20.3 ....
Fargo .... 349.0S5 31.2 .. .
ninghamton'. 338,500 23.5 ....
Rockford 492,537 45.1 ..
Canton 45S.000 48.7 ..
Jackfonvlllc, Fla... •¦ 406,884 32.0
Springfield, Ohio. . . / 397,903 34 1
Chester 319,ai9« 14.0 ....
Quincy ".... 460,182
Bloomington 295Jt92 17.5 '" ,.\
f-lcux Falls.. ,. • 24J>.«57 17.4 ....
Jacksonville, 111...-; ¦• 1«7,4S4 21.8
Fremont 124.760 7.7 '.'."
'Houston 12,539.085 59.0
•Columbus, O....... 0,951,200 65.9
"Wheeling 774,277 16.4
JWilkesbarre • 801,8S(» .... ;'.-;¦;
Jlseaumont ..;... 384,056
Decatur ..'... , 234,009 •. . . . \\\\
Totals. U R......f2,lC6. 794,610 .' . -in 4
, Outside N T 760,6.'}2,6S4 £ 8
CANADA.
Montreal 18,016.940 / 7.5
Toronto ." U.8W>,287 ' 33.4
Winnipeg 2,277,455 38.8 '""
Halifax 1,699.594 23.2 ..'.'
Vancouver, B C 877,2.>5. 1.8
)iamllton SO1.1O9 .... in's
Ft John, N B 4W2.O85 3.1
Victoria. B_C 461.940 26.7,
{Quebec 1,210,160 ....
Ottawa ;..'... .1.707,256 .... ..;|
Totals, Canada... ...$40,273,505 17.0
•Not Included in totals because containing
ether items than clearings.
. JNot Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. " - • / •
WASHINGTON. March 21.-i-To-day'» state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150. 000,000 jrold reserve
In the division: of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash' balances, $172,148,863; gold, fOO,
675,870. , .
Condition of the^Treasury.
¦HOGS— live Hogs. 2C0 lbs and under. 6%e:
200 lbs and over. 6@6%c: feeders R%c: sows.
20 per cent oft: boars. 50 per cent off. and
stags, 40 per cent oft from the above quota
tions.
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50©2 75 . per
head or 5%®6c per lb liveweight; yearlings,
4y.'f?..c oer lb. ¦
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered • at San Francisco, less 0(1
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
Steers. S%®0c: Cows and Heirew.
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4%@5%c per lb fgross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates frqm slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— G%@7%c for Steera and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8®8%c; small. 8%01Oc per
pound. : » •
.. MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@0%c: Ewes, 8®0o
pc pound.
LAMB— Tearl ings. 10@llo per lb: Spring
Lamb. 12%@l4c per lb.
, . PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%©0c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAKKET.
The packers are reporting light receipts of
Hogs, and It Is as well, "for the packers. ar»
doing very mtle at the moment. The feelin*
is firm. ¦ . >
San Francisco Meat Market.
. ... ' ST.^JbSEPH. ' • :
I ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. March 21.—CATTI^E—Re
ceipts. 2500;.. strong. Natives;.-.. |S 25® 6 00;
cows and heifers. $1 f>0®l 75: veals, ?."!@C;
Stockers and feeders,- $2 25@5 25;
: HOGS— Receipts. 4400; steady. Light and
light; mixed, $5 90@6 35 :? medium and heavy,
$6 25@6 55; Pigs, $3 00©5 2Q.
» SHEEP — Receipts, 300;' ¦ steady. Western
lambs, $C@6 65; Western sheep, $4 25@6.
. CHICAGO, March 21.— CATTLE^-Receipts,
2500, including . 140 '" Texans ';"' steady. ,. Good to
prim*" steers,' nominally, | $0 00@7- 10; j poor j to
medium, ?4 25@6 50; stockers'. and .feeders,
$2 50@5 25; cows, ?1 25@5 50; heifers. ?2 50@
C; canners', $1 25@2 40; bulls, $2 50@5; calves,
$3 20@6 85;' Texas-fed steers," $506. ¦
j HOGS— Receipts, • 30,000; to-morrow, 23,000;
leftover, 2500; market stiong to 10c higher!
Mixed and butchers' $ft'15<g>6 57%; ¦ good- -to
Choice heavy. $0 40@0 57%; rough heavy, $'J 20
@6 40; light, ?0@0 35; bulk of- sales, $0 25®
(i 45. ! " :' '- J. -...•-' "--* •.,¦':¦,•-' ' '
1 SHEEP— Receipts, 4000; sheep and lambs,
rtrong; good to choice wethers, $5@5 60: fair
TO choice mixed, $4 25@5; Western sheep, (5 25
<9iG 25 ; native lambs, $4@6 85 ; Western lambs,
$5 75@C 80. \ :¦; . ' . ¦- ;
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c;; large and smooth
JiOc; medium, 35c.
1 TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5U<g6c p«p lb;
No. 2. 4%<gTic; grease. 3@3%c
WOOL — Nominal. '
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%©14c per lb
fcr good to choice. Local dealers quota 154?
l~t 'Ai<z tor shipment.
NEW YORK, March 2i:— Closed-Money on
tall was firm at 4VS@5 per cent; closing bid
and asked. 4@4% per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling -exchange was
6teady; with actual business in bankers', bill?
at $4 8714 for demand and at $4 8. r . for sixty
days. Posted rates. ?4 8C@t 8SMr. Commercial
bills. ?4 84%<?T4 85%. Ear sliver. 51c. Mexi
can dollars, 43>4c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, easy;
railroads, Irregular. \ . . "
New York Money Market:
j NEW YORK. March 21. — The cotton market
opened steady , with , prices .203 points higher
and closed steady, "net -3 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Grain markets have begun to feel the effects
of weather reports, . arid '. for -.the < next few
months \ it' will be &< simple | matter .for specu
lators to pecure erratic fluctuations. , Strength
was conspicuous on Tuesday, last year 1 6 seri
ous injury to'- corn making quotations par
ticularly sensitive to indications of drought.
Another • helpful factor , was the increase, in
exports of wheat- and flour to 4,657,825 bushels
for- the. week against I only. 2,588.472' bushels
last .week and 3,355,098; bushels a year ago.
Western • receipts continued to make an un
favorable '¦ comparison with the 'movement In
¦1901 wheat amounting to. 2,899,990 bushels,
against'''' 4; 165,833 bushels, and .' corn 1.400,530,
compared with 3,074,011. Atlantic exports of
cgrn increased largely over the low record of
the preceding week to .298,864' bushels and
there Is still, a severe loss as compared wltji
the 2.301,212 bushels shipped a. year ago. '¦: -.-•••- .
¦Cotton showed .no -response to. 'Mr, • NelH's
reiteration of" his early estimate placing , the
yiejd e.t 11,250,000 bales. ' " ,• -^ A
Failures- for the week numbered 209 in the
United States, against 224 last year, and 31 in
Canada, against 33 last year. .'.'••.;.•
.For some time to come , it is ¦ probable that
foreign commerce exhibits as to this industry
will be less . satisfactory, but it ; is worthy of
note that .Imports are mainly of ; pig Ironi r bll
lets and : sheets, while the exports of- many
lines of expensive machinery and other finished
products are fully- sustained.- -Large contracts
are - constantly under . consideration for struct
ural material on- domestic, account,- Including
railway bridges, viaducts, . car shops and of flee
buildings..' In this respect, the :. domestic ;con
sumption this year .will far surpass. all records.'
Both at/ the East, and. Wespthere is a little
niore activity in. the shoe Shops,' yet productlvu
capacity is not fully- engaged* and new.. 'orders
come : forward slowly. Advances In . wages S in
cotton mills mean a higher cost. of production
and the market has hardened in ! consequence.
Business Under the- new -conditions has not
yet been, sufficiently, large to establish quota
tions yet some advances of • i 2-*td'.'6 ucr cent
are recorded ¦"• Export sales are • still checked
by high prices. Woolens are; quiet, with only,
a. fair movement of staple' lines,' tnoush some
fancy grades are fully sold; and out 'of the
market.- - .-¦• ••- . '• «-
'¦Pressure -for iron and steel' has not dim
inished here perceptibly, yet the impression is
growing, that after July l r the situation will
become . approximately, normal and j It will . be
possible to secure . deliveries ; with some degree
of promptness.. This la. the. more probable as
there has been a furthers stiffening *ot quota
tions and additional importations, which . would
have been . much larger but ;for ( , the . advance
In foreign markets. . - '.,-*"; . : . '
Evidences of further improvement are numer
ous. - ; Labor controversies are less threatening,
many 3 settlements . haying ;"' been v made, while
others' are ' momentarily anticipated; wages
have ! been advanced, not only through strikes,
but In .. some cases voluntarily ; traffic | conges
tion has subsided until it Is {Possible to deliver
goods according to - specifications; aside from
Idle footwear, shops the: leading: lines of: man
ufacture are • very „ fully- engaged, while-job
bing trade isof exceptional magnitude. Retail
dealings arc also very large, ¦ the Easter stim
ulus: being felt in all lines of wearing apparel.
With -domestic' demand, so vieorous it is" es
pecially ' encouraging to notice, a gain for the
last , week . In foreign trade £ at k the j principal
POrtS, . -., V : .-- : ' ' ' ' ' ¦ •'.. ,•»-'. '¦:
NEW YORK, March 21.- : -R. G. Dun& Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Shipment of $104,941 in specie to China.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Light business in local stocks and bonds.
Wheat export business much better in the East.
Barley firmer and in ratha belter request.
Nothing.ncw in Oats, Corn and Rye. s^:
Bran improving wider smaller stocks: Middlings unchanged.
Hay weak', with crop prospects excellent'
Lima Beans lower, 'owing tv a better outlook dozen south.
Butter lower under rapidly increasing receipts. .
Eggs and Cheese in good, supply and weak.
Dried Fruits anil Nuts as previously quoted.
Nothing new in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Hogs in light receipt and firm.
Another advance in Turpentine.
Gram Bags firm, owing to good crop prospects.
Liberal receipts, of Potatoes from Oregon..
Onions and spring Vegetables steady. ' ' . .
Poultry firm and cleaning up well. :; ¦>.--
Citrus Fruits about as previously quoted. •
regarding the condition of Rhodes. Option day
was surmounted' and the settlement disclosed
a considerable number of bears. American
shares were idle. They began dull on talk
or money stringency and . strikes. ... Later New
m * up Un 'on Paclflc. Atchlson and Lonls-
Ulle and Nashville. Copper sold at £52% the
?2 n f . Rio T^toa at £43%. The report of
the latter shows that the profit on sales fell
£?. m .i. llB00>000 to' £1,768,000. although the
quantity was larger
Money rates are unchanged and tho market
Is still borrowing.
SUMMARY OF THE, MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
¦ VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
17%c per lb, 12H@15c.for No. 1 and 7@10c for
No. 2; Rhubarb, 75c@?l 75 per box; Green
Peas, from Los Angeles, 2@3c; Bay Peas, 3©4c;
String Beans, from, Los Angeles, -.includ
ing Wax; Cabbage. 40c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, 75e<!i#l 25 per box and 75c@$l 50
per crate; - Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per
box, . Including - repacked ; Dried Peppers, 10#
lie per lb; Lost Angeles do. 13@17Vic: Dried
Okra. 12Mt@20c per lb: Carrots. 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, ¦ 75c@$l per dozen
for small and $1 50@2' for large; Garlic, 1V 2 <3
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 15@20c; Mex
ican \ do. ¦ 10@12%c; Egg Plant from Los An
geles, 25@30c: Suntmer Squash, from Los An
geles, $1 50@l 75; Marrowfat Squash, ?10®15
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10@15; Mushrooma,
20@40c per lb. .-- . ;
ONIONS— Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 75@2 for lower grades: Nevada, $2 30#
2 35; Australian, $3 25@3 75; Green Onions,
60@6f>c per box.
POTATOES— New 'Potatoes, "@3%c per lb:
o1d.$l 25@1 40 for Burbank3 from the river;
Oregon -Burbanks. $1 35@1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles. $1 25@1 40; River Reds. $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 C0@l 75; small Bur
banks; for seed, $1 £0@l 40; Sweets, |1 50®
1 60 for Merceds. ..... • ' .
-The demand for Asparagus continues steady
and high prices still rule. Rhubarb was offer
ing freely and sold ._well i at S lower prices.
Peas were 'weaker.- as offerings .were mostly
of poor quality. Fancy stock would sell at
higher prices. . Other Vegetables show little
variation. - Receipts were 312 boxes Asparagus,
400 Rhubarb, 210 sacks Bay and 65 sacks Los
Angeles Peas. / . '
There Is nothing new to report In Onions.
Conditions in the Potato market show little
change. ; The Oregon steamer, arrived yester
day with 7642 sacks Potatoes and 471 sacks
Onions. Strictly fancy offerings of Oregon
Burbanks sold readily at 'the/.top quotation,
but such offerings were reported scarce.
Early Rose were quoted higher, as stocks have
decreased . considerably. New Potatoes were
lower and retailers were holding off awaiting
lower prices.:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEPS — Trieste -Mustard. $2 50@2 65: Yel
low Mustard. S3"25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 5O;
Canary. 3»4c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10tf@llc; California. 10@10&c; Rape, 1%©
2%c: Hemp. 3W.c per lb. - •
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 60@2; ; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye. nominal. ¦ '-'i'tS^SBk - -'
. Everything. In the Bean line is " quiet
Blackeye, '<_ which ' : continue' to-advance; under
slender supplies and a good demand. | Llmas
are quoteQ lower, owing to the good crop pros
pects down South. '¦¦';.¦¦¦¦ . T
BEANS-^-Bayos. $2 40@2 60: Small "White.
$2 75@3; Large White.. $2 40@2 C\J Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink., *2@2 20,: Red, $2 25©2 50: Black
eye. $4 50; Llmas.; 54 25@4 45; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl. • - '
Beans and Seeds.
- Iron was Inactive here and unchanged. Pig
iron, warrants closed nominal. No. 1" foundry.
Northern. $18 50019 00; No. 2 do, $1S@19; No.
1 foundry," Southern. ?17 50@18: No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, ?17 G0@18. English markets
werel%@3d higher. Glasgow closed at 52s 7d
and [ Mldd^esboro at 40s Od.
¦ Spelter held about .steady , and unchanged at
all points, with the local price at $4 35 and
'London at £17 12s Cd. - *. • v " '
Lead was steady at home and abroad, with
New York closing at $-1 12% and' London at
£11 10s. ' ..--.-¦
• -» Copper ruled* firm ¦ but inactive here at $12@
12 37 for lake -and 'at $12®12 25 for electrolytic
at casting. < London copper closed 2s '6d lower,
with spot at £52 2s Cd and futures at £52.
: Tin was steady at .about $20 75@27 for spot.
London -was unchanged, ' with spot at -£110 15s
and futures at £114 5s. • •¦ -
metal markets to-day did not bring out a sin
gle feature of general interest at home and the
foreign markets were without -«Bstlnctlve, fea
tures.; Local ; prices were unchanged In all
cases. '.:.¦: ¦•¦-¦»..-¦. ¦ ' ¦ -..-:¦ • < •;.< .- : ., ..
11 50; Oat, $S@U: Alfalfa. $S@11: Clover. $7®
0; Volunteer, $0 60@9; Stock. $0®S 50 per ton.
I STRAW— 40@€5c per bale.
Canalian failures for the week number 20,
as against 31 last .week and '44 in this week a
year ago. ; ' '-. - ' ¦¦:.-.
¦ ¦* Business failures In the United States for the
; week, number 107, as.agalnst 224 last week** 231
in= this week last year,' 192. In 1900, 182 in 1899
and 215 in 189S. '..•;.-.-¦ • ' ¦:' ¦ >," , /
high as formerly, . and eager buying for fall de
livery Is still- reported at- Chicago and %tt8-.
burg. ".A. further advance.lri' Southern Iron is
prevented only : by the fear, that; freight, rates
may 'be '-advanced. Plttuburg> reports: an enor
mousv demand- for ' structural materials. 25,000
tons being sold during the week. .,-¦•
THE SA^ -.•¦FBA'NCISCO CALk, 'SATITRDAY, MARCH 22, 1902;
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
NEW-YORK,- March 21.— The; course of the
11
ITS
IXS.
e
3
3
•t
K 2. O
?;e i_«c-
«K »'H. <•
=522 s2
Ilpff
c c •¦• "*
3 3 •
> w • : *e
• go : - 3
SI" t|
10 I
•¦••• ¦ - . . «
* • ?
A:
a
Ki
Fi
FI
P,
In
u
;>!
l"c
Bi
Be
!-a
Sa
P.
Sa
S(
Ep
(C«
w.
\Y
;ak
ar
:ur
re:
fatf
OCi
i*
an
lio
or!
pd
OSi
iCl
alt
an
, L
an
tat
;»A
ea
•a!
"ir
toz
kt
m
rei
p;
an
«i
1 1
W)
tfc
i I
¦a
t 1
1 J
u
1 1
tt
.k,
ih
lh
nn
rr.f
rta .
er..
i sn.
>k:..
no.
io:i
Ar.g
•r.ix
lai-.-;
B!u
ame
La*
Krs
Ob
Met
tie.
ar.c
-. Jii
a V,
¦ie:r.
a. .
rr'.
Ed
;. .
a.
irr
en
kp
Mi
:£¦
p.
ay
,V£
P.U
. ..",0.
..C9
..29
...:iO
..29
..23
l.iSt
-.23
..23
. .:«)
...Tin
..is*
•O.?50
..23
...23
..29
...29
,..£if*
• 29
..29
-.29
1.04
t.92
• .86
).12
«.«5S
t.S2
».C8
).9O
3.72
3.02
J.itS
3.08
>.as
3.04
». 98
3. SO
9-!>6
'.!*!
J.94
9.90
3.72
48 40 "W
Ii8 30 E
44 30 K
48 40 K
E8 40 NW
50 28 SW
38 2S SW
58 34 W
CO 42 W
7C 46 NE
48 38 NW
5C 38 r;w
48 38 "W-
54 40 W
40 32 N .
54 4* W
*2 4G "W
00 40 TT
50 :M> SW
44 - 34 W
4« S8 W
52 SS S
40 24 SW
78 42 S
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .00
Cloudy . - T.
Clear .06
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .Ofl
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .OS
Clcudy .00
Pt Cldy .08
Cloudj- .00
Cloudy .40
Clear .00
Clear • .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .14
Cloudy"^ .14
Pt Cldy .44
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy AC
Clear .00
ITS
IXS.
e
3
3
•t
K 2. O
?;e i_«c-
«K »'H. <•
=522 s2
Ilpff
c c •¦• "*
3 3 •
> w • : *e
• go : - 3
SI" t|
10 I
•¦••• ¦ - . . «
* • ?
A:
a
Ki
Fi
FI
P,
In
u
;>!
l"c
Bi
Be
!-a
Sa
P.
Sa
S(
Ep
(C«
w.
\Y
;ak
ar
:ur
re:
fatf
OCi
i*
an
lio
or!
pd
OSi
iCl
alt
an
, L
an
tat
;»A
ea
•a!
"ir
toz
kt
m
rei
p;
an
«i
1 1
W)
tfc
i I
¦a
t 1
1 J
u
1 1
tt
.k,
ih
lh
nn
rr.f
rta .
er..
i sn.
>k:..
no.
io:i
Ar.g
•r.ix
lai-.-;
B!u
ame
La*
Krs
Ob
Met
tie.
ar.c
-. Jii
a V,
¦ie:r.
a. .
rr'.
Ed
;. .
a.
irr
en
kp
Mi
:£¦
p.
ay
,V£
P.U
. ..",0.
..C9
..29
...:iO
..29
..23
l.iSt
-.23
..23
. .:«)
...Tin
..is*
•O.?50
..23
...23
..29
...29
,..£if*
• 29
..29
-.29
1.04
t.92
• .86
).12
«.«5S
t.S2
».C8
).9O
3.72
3.02
J.itS
3.08
>.as
3.04
». 98
3. SO
9-!>6
'.!*!
J.94
9.90
3.72
48 40 "W
Ii8 30 E
44 30 K
48 40 K
E8 40 NW
50 28 SW
38 2S SW
58 34 W
CO 42 W
7C 46 NE
48 38 NW
5C 38 r;w
48 38 "W-
54 40 W
40 32 N .
54 4* W
*2 4G "W
00 40 TT
50 :M> SW
44 - 34 W
4« S8 W
52 SS S
40 24 SW
78 42 S
Cloudy .50
Cloudy .00
Cloudy . - T.
Clear .06
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .Ofl
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Clear . .00
Cloudy .OS
Clcudy .00
Pt Cldy .08
Cloudj- .00
Cloudy .40
Clear .00
Clear • .00
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy .14
Cloudy"^ .14
Pt Cldy .44
Pt Cldy T.
Cloudy AC
Clear .00
AUGTIOT SALES
fe fe
CLOSp-OUT SALE
— -OF
Horses, Vehicles and Harness.
Consisting or 15 perfectly broken horses. SO car-
riages.- surreys, wagons, phaetons, hard rubber
tired and pneumatic wheeled buggies, road
carts, etc., and about 5O seta of single and dou-
ble harness, all In perfect order. This consign-
ment comprises the contents r>' the well-known
Fulton Livery Stable, at 24C Third st. I have
leased this place as an addition to the Occiden-
tal Hor*e Exchange, and will sell all the above
at the latter place on
'. TUESDAY. March 25, 1902.
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
Entrances 721 HOWARD ST., 225 TEH AM A
ST. and 246 THIRD ST.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.THE SAK FRA^CISGO; GAT.1^ SATURDAY, MARCH' 22- 1902
12
CLAIRV^ YAXTSl-CoTi|lnn»»d.' : :
ISM AH, the 'Egyptian' Gypsy, '< clairvoyant and
palmist." permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a.;nu
--*to'6 p. m.. Sundays from lfr to 12 a.m." ¦'
A— MISS M. WILLE,' 326A Ellis; 'clairvoyant,'
S crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.:m. to 8 p. m.'
MME." ODELL, clairvoyant; ".'cards and' tea
leaves read accurately; L. 25c, G.' 50c. 521%
Turk st. ¦¦¦¦¦' :,¦¦-._¦ -.-; ¦;.-: . ..'.. *. , ~.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business'
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st./
MRS. JACQUE. trance sittings & . palmistry,'
; •¦'$!; card readings. 25c & 50c 309 5th st:; r. 12.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;- ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teflcr; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c.' 704 Howard, cor. 3d. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana ;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr. :4th.
CARPETjDEATITf G^AJSVTC. LEAK jlVO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor ¦ work
6end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. Ing Worjks. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South, 40.
American- Carpet-beating -Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald.104 14th st. ;tel. Capp 3524..
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO..< Pjop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel.Mlsslon 263..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.'
• - 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120. r - '
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning andReno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74. ;
.COLLECTION* OFFICES. ;.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyT6th
floor, 910 Market st. ; advice free. TeL Bush
194; able body, of attorneys. -. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310.927 Market st.
' COTTAGES TO LET. S '
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: rent $8. 1 Lombard at.
COTTAGES TO LET-IN BELVEDERE.
2 FURNISHED cottages, 6. rooms and -bath;
rent ?40. Apply MISS CHERRY. Belvedere.
~~~™ - _____¦
A— DR.T. S. HIGGINS*! 927 Marketst., Emma.
' Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able, prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1;; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of . teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. , , " . . '¦¦ i
Painless extraction. ,. ¦ \ '. ¦
. I do flrst-class work only and guarantee.lt.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate's, bridges
and fillings; , extractions - or .fillings by. my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and . guaranteed; " lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE* W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, . r. 7, Flood bldg. : extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, S4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p t 'm. ;; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER.- D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st.". cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled' operators;
. gas given: lady attendant. -R..C. ANDER-
SON, D. D." S.. proprietor and' manager. .
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; iwth warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown; 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less cxt., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.'.'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full get of teeth. $4; crowng, $3; fillings. 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of ,6 Turk St.;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist. ,.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship, only;- reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET: of teeth without plate. DR. H. . G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.' ;> ¦>.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
.Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st. . .
DOG HOSPITALS.*" -' ~
~~~>~ ;- , _ .
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden. Sate ave.
. - EDUCATIONAL.
HEATB^S^OTOolErol^^LEC^mC^ir^NGN
XEERING — Theorj-." demonstration.' construe--
tlon,- laboratory* and shop work ; thoroughly
piactlcal;.day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ; -•' - ¦/ -' i
AYRKS' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— ?8 per month; $50 -life 'scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bu3. education: shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, 'arithmetic,
spelling, Spanish, etc. : experienced teachers;
• new typewriters; positions secured ;'-cat. free. :
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses ;completft equipment;
all pubjects pertaining to mining and "mining
engineering ; day and night ; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical'
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.- Phelan building. ' . -j
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, . elocution, specialties; Hallet School, !
associated with theatrical agency securing '
positions. Alcazar building. _J20 O'Farrell st. [
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new.CO-page catalogue free. 305. Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure position*- H
good positions last week: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1236 Market.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of -Languages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
VIOLIN.- guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. 183(5 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAITS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlrg, i
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tn. !
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN. .mandolin, fruitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine" st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F. ;
- founded ,186;!; new 80-page catalogue free.
_ EMPLOYMBXTr OFFICES. V '
A — JAPANESE reliable house-clear.ln-fT^cooSs j
and waiters furnished at short notice. ' Geo.
Klubshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and 'Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. '.- 411% O'Farrell st.; tel.', East 426.
¦CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEJ & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock*
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, .reliable help.' '-?":
JAPANESE and Chinese best ¦ helpf cook and
waiter. 421 Post, ', GEO. AOKI ; tel. ; Bush 1S5.
RELIABLE Japanese-CWnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; MaIn,51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
, reliable help. 524 ; Bush st. ; tel. 516. * •
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter;teI. Black 5072/
E M I-LOyaiEST WA^yTttD— - FEMALE.
STRONG young woman would like ' to go out
| by the day; is a good washer or will do hou.se-
cleantng. . Please call 5* Chesley St., In rear,
' oft : Harrison, . bet. 'Seventh, and Eighth. , '. -
LADY wishes position - as chambermaid or ' to
- take - charge ) of.' lodging-house. Address 8. ,
. H., 025 Pine St., -cottage 3. -
WOMAN., wants -work by the day; washing,
' ironing, - housecle*aningr; $1 and. carfare. -513
- Howard st. ¦/ : * , ;' ¦ : "
RELIABLE girl wishes a position to do house-
work and' cooking. -.Please call 2717- Bush. at.'
GERMAN;; woman;: wishes work ¦. by.' the ! ; day
washing and : house cleaning; $150. 5 Kohler
place, off Green et-V; bet. Kearny and Mont-
gomery; upstairs. ;'• ¦. ¦'.' .-.." '¦•- -._¦ '.¦' • ...
LADY, experienced, educated, desires : position
- as housekeeping : manager .'in:, home .or.;lnsti-
tution; accounts, corresoondence,' etc; abso-
lutely reliable; references.: Box '4334,. Call.*,;'
AN experienced ; English , teacher desires pupils ;
copying, - addressing envelopes - and circulars
at. home. ".Call, or address : Teacher, 1230
. Jeckson st. .-.;.*" -'..' ~ . -
A MIDDLE-AGED. American woman wants
housekeeper's •. position, ;-: or • cook ' onvranch for
men. 1046 Folsom: st., room 24. >; "
"AN». evr»erienced lady, wishes • copying;; addresa-
-» ing ; envelopes * and . circulars ' or^. bookkeeping,
. , to be done at home. "Box 4369, Call office. ,.¦¦<
WANTED— Position : as housekeeper: j no •• objec-
, tlcn to children. 'E.-H.; 17 -Grant ave.,; .
WOMAN wants situation to dp housework : and
plain cooking.- 22 Page st- '¦ '- *¦-¦**&&&_
DUSIXESS . CHAXCES— -Continued.! _v
BARBERS, attention^— $300 will. buy; nice har-
ber shop • with 4 elegantly furnished rooms,
kitchen, parlor; fine yard;*- healthy; location
in the city;' rent only $15 month, with lease;
clears $25 per week; present owner 8 years
there; oome quick; don't miss this oppor-;
tunity. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny. room 1.
$C50 — PARTNER in' an ¦ old established car-
penter shon to attend cash and collect; owner
lsbcth aacchanic and. a contractor; $150 to
$200 mo. Sich guaranteed; positively a- bar-
gain to suitable party. For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA, 318 Kearny
St., room 1. - . ¦ ."- " ' :• ' . '¦¦¦•_-
$ # o5O — DANCE hall with barj sporting part of
city; clears $150 to $200 month; owner sick;
must go; a snap for suitable party. For full
¦ particulars call or address P. S. DE LUCA,
318 Kearny St., room 1. . : v ,
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before; buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
6 CO.. 318 Kearny st.. room 1. ¦>.-.;¦
$430 — Delicatessen & restaurant. N. of Market;
great chance for man and wife; clears $100
mo. Apply DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.r.l.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investiga-
tion. P. S..de Luca &. Co., 318 Kearny, r. 1.
JOSEPH STR^AUB, :.". '
850 Market St., corner Stockton. " .
, Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Asent. . -' >
. Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
> -. Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business . -..
-.L-: ; .;*- - - Agent. ,
HOTELS — We have several fine onep to sell, i '
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdse.; good' towns..
Livery stables; 2 large, ones, paying. In city.
Groceries and bars; 5; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
Cigar.- stationery, notion, stores; good ones.
All kinds of paying- business propositions.
Also city and country real estate.
' HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy St.. S. F.
$1350— PARTNER: old-established, high-stand-
ing Importing and manufacturing business;
leading^ reputation in its line on coast;
cleared from $2000 to $8000 for years; owner
thoroughly practical; office man preferred;
responsible parties. .Box 4352. Call office.
A — 5200; PARTNER wanted: good chance for
v steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
410 Kearny st., room 30. -
FRUIT (American) and fancy grocery store;
good business: only ?225 to-day; bought
ranch. 146 Fifth St.
A — $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand; best location;
fine business. Call at 245 Third st. i*
FOR- sale — A cigar Etand; fine location; cheap.
Address A. L.,'11 Eddy -St., room 2O
ROUTE for sale in a lively country town. Ad-
dress box 4350, Call . office.
HAVE you $5000 to Invest Th safe, legitimate
business In the Orient?" I can prove to your
- satisfaction where $5Q0O to $10,000 annual
income can- be obtained; only an honorable
person with business intentions need apply.
Address box 4353. Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery . and fruit store In- thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, .wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo, .Cal.'
FOR sale — Retail hay, grain, coal business; es-
tablished on main thoroughfare for 15 years;
fine location; cheap rent on lease; capital re-
quired about $1000; principals only. ; Address
box 4374. Call office. ."¦'¦
PARTNER wanted on account of sickness with
$3000 in summer resort: 45 minutes from the
city; runs summer and winter. Address
. M. K.. Call office.
NURSERY and~4Jorlst business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must-^eave the city by July;
buyer can work himself - Into'* the business
i by working for salary until he wishes to
take possession. CARLSON, 500 Halght st.
CORNER saloon, rent ¦ $18, with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap if called for at
•once; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, Sev-
enth and Mission sts.
FOR sale— rA .flrst-class restaurant; average
sales $40 per day; -price $1000. Address N.
H.. box 4126., Call office. .
FOR SALE — $1200; a good general mercban-
dise store. Box 4363, Call office. '
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion Is the sasfest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,'
Expert Hfendicappers, 113 Stockton . st.
$5T»0— RESTAURANT; dally receipts. $30; rent
$35; a snap. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
YOUNG fnan with $125 would like partnership
In ! small paying business. Box 4125, Call. |
¦FOR sale^-Barberrshop; 2 chairs; haH or whole
Interest.' Address- P.O. box 498. San Jose. \
FOR SALE.
GEO. W f BROWN, 783% Market Bt.
Room 3; Phone Clay 40.
15 rooms; on Market; rent $40.....' $000
21 rooms; newly furnished;* clears $100. 2600
, 10 rooms: rent $32 50; large yard . . 300
13 rooms; neat, nice house; yard COO
IS rooms; on Kearny; 9 bay windows... 1800
10 rooms; rent $40 • .......'.. 450
17 rooms ; parties going East'. 700
7 rooms; rent $25 373
Titles guaranteed on every sale.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
850 Market st.. (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. '
We furnish #vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A — 75 ROOMS, near Market st ....$6000
22 rooms, $1300; 20 rooms, $1400; 56 rooms,
. *2000; 11 rooms, $400; 18 rooms, money maker,
$1800; 100 others. 6 rooms to 220. $200 to
$13.000. KRASKY & CO.. 1049A Market st.
A— 18 ROOMS; '>unny; corner; rent $55; part
. cash.- Room 16, 1040 A Market st.
A. CAMERON &, CO., . - •
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St., . --.H
Rooms 21, 22. 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats: all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
A — . ) Near The Call building.
'¦ 'Telepho* Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. rms. 1-2
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call. '_
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE
. CALL- ON • .
A. H. RETSLOFF. Phone John 531.
- 906 Market St., corner Ellis.
A— NOTICE— We hare rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
Hat first. 'MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
A SWELL; 28 rooms; nice porcelain sinks;
rffwly papered; downtown. SPECK & CO.,
10 ROOMS, including kitchen: neatly furn. ;
$276: rent $32; water free. 217 Natoma st. -
• SPIRITUALISM.
A.— Q. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri... Sun., 8 p.m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter. $2... 1164 O'Farrell gt.: Ellis car. : ¦
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay; Avonoale. 142i Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs C j"
Meyer; sittings dally; tent to all to-night; 10c.
__„_ CLAiayoYAKTa.
MME. M. BERNARD. --.-- ¦:"** " • '- "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant end business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
j-enlngs and portrays 'events to occur In thfe fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy, or not satisfied in life, .or have domestic.
l»»ve or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
' scientific palmist, card reader: advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry: how to win man
or woman you love; mail Jl; send date birth,
lock hair, 0 questions. 1007 ',4 Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall;-.- send stamp, for .pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.. . '
ARRIVED— The witch of Wall St., on* a visit
to your beautiful. city, will give -free tests of
her mysterious power; tells your name, -the
name of- friends, etc: reveals every hidden
mystery; «he has no equal. 28% ' Kearny st.;
write for free test. . r /
MME. ARNDT,. the great clairvoyant, telh
past, future; never falls; has the ' greatest
" Egyptian . secret; rhows. picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun.. 1Q to 8 p. m. 215"4 6th.
FREE! ' . FREE! -FREE!
PROF. BROCKWAY, PROF. . BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis gt.;* bet." Franklin and Goughr
Readinge free between -the hours of 9:30 and
11 a. m. Other, hours, $1. . a ~ -
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born .with double, veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies r*c,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit." $1 50. : 120 Turk.
MADAM CLARITAr, ~ •' ' ' -*.'" : "
Most wonderful Egyptian card reader; all
ques. answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p.
m. to 9 p. m. only. Phone Polk 831.. 702 Post.
EMPLOYMEXT FEMALE."
.WELL- BRED.i young lady, with high" school
i *educatlon, > wishes ¦ position '' as ' companion '. to
either lady or grown child; -speaks several
languages; , experienced • traveler; .best refer-
ences. • Box 4377. ; Cell office.:, ;¦¦." '' '-* '¦¦.••-.' ¦': .:
POSITION— By a plain . German, with 2 young
: - girls, . with 1 a good' religious family ' in the
jS country,; for cooking and general housework;
."near a school only; no others need' apply;; no
malls. , 132 Fourth st., room 9, second floor... .
ENGLISH » governess - desires several' hours',
' daily teaching; • three years' experience : In
\ ; San ¦ Francisco: English. French ! (Parisian),
•¦ German, music; excellent references.' .-" Box
.' 4382, Call. ; • .; -. - • .-. -.- -.'. : : ¦¦/ , ¦
FRENCH ' lady (native) wishes pupils to t In-
struct' in that ; language. 1204 . Leaven worth
¦ st. ; reception hours 9 to 10 a. m., 7 to 8 p. m.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking: perfect fit guar-
x anteed; terms reasonable. .769 McAllister St.-
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
.Call. at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister at.
WINCHESTER. House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 80
to $6 .week ; ; convenient and respectable; fre«
• bus and baggage to ; and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at pall branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i-ubscri ptlons has been established at . lOOfl
Valencia ft. ¦ y< ¦**>- •
; E3IPLOYJIENT WAyTED—MAXE. , ¦
YOUNG Eastern .^nan from the country, at-
j -tending school here, - wants something at
-•which he can earn his board and lodging out
, of school, hours; can give best , of ¦ references
-•: as to sobriety and honesty from boyhood up.
Address: box 43S7, Call office. ;¦ ,
A REALLY flrst-cless and complete gardener
with-' 25 years' - experience of all the various
. branches of horticulture. and art gardening, -
who ¦ shows " the best references, - wants situ-
. ation; private- place • preferred. Address
¦ LOUIS KNAUF, St. Helena Sanitarium, Cal.
UP-TO-DATE painter and paper-hanger, sin- i
gle, will work by. the day, week or month for
.hotel, prpperty-owner or estate; has all nee- ;
eesary ladders and , tools; references as to
• ability and integrity. Box 4351, Call office.
SITUATION. by middle-aged single man about
,\ private, place; 'good driver; can milk cows;
¦¦good gardener;, raise, vegetables. Box 4341,
Call office. . : .. - - • . ' " ¦ • ¦'
RAILROAD stenographer of several • years' ex-
"..- perience desires work at once. . Box C 4344, I
Call office. ¦¦.;':.-•¦ ' " ¦ ' ¦¦-¦-•¦¦¦
YOUNG ¦'-' Englishman of neat appearance
wishes position- of any kind; "not afraid of
.hard work. Box 43S0. Call office.
AS barkeeper; would work half day or whole
day; excellent references ;^strlctly sober and
. steady. Box 4373, Call.
GERMAN man wants work as porter or Jani-
tor; canshow A No. >1 city references.^ 237
Minna st.,.ln rear, house 14. :- •
$5 00 WILL be paid by young man to any one
. securing him a position as fireman. , Address
, box 4357, Call office. ¦. ' '
NURSE, masseur, now medical student;- ser-
vices. for. board and room. Box 4358. Call.
BARTENDER, experienced in city and country
business, desires position; references. Ad-
dre« 8*60x4294, Call. ¦ ". - ¦"•.-":-¦.'-*
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
'temperate and reliable? all around florist and
gardener;, single, age 35; life experience in
all branches; references; private place. 1 Ad-.
dress S. G., box 4226. Call office.
WANTED— By a young .man, a position In
wholesale house; 4 years'- experience In gen-
eral merchandise; good reference. Address
box 4221.- Call. , ' -, ' ¦ -, .
WANT situation — Bartender or gamekeeper; no
: trlflers.- Address 4395, Call office. .
SITUATION wanted by watchman: best of ref-
erences. Watchman, 421 Minna st.
CHINESE 'boy wants a position to do cooking
in family. Address CHOXG WING, 002
Clay st. ...
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions I has > been established at 1096
Valencia 'st. v ' ¦¦> - - " ¦ -
' EXCHANGE.
.WILL exchange paper hanging or painting for
a wagon. Box 4348. Call office. . .
PACIFIC Underwrltlng& Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have ' 42 ' offices in 'operation; new method of
, y placing, stocks and 1 bonds; companies incor-
j£ porated: stocks and bonds underwritten.; Call
or address main' office. 507-S-O Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES ', incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; writs
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 320 Post.
FLATS TO LET. ¦ ¦
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
room flat; all, rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Hall on Haight-st. cars. 47 Portola st... cor-
ner Duboce Park,. v flrst corner west' from
Steiner and Waller sts. ¦'¦'.
A — ELEGANT brand-new, flat; park view; 5
rooms and bath. 1720 Page St.. near Cole.
HAYES. 1749, near park — Modern sunny flat,
5 rooms, bath. $20, water free. -
WALLER, 1712, snear park — Sunny upper fiat,
3 rooms; gas; wooden mantels; $11 ; rear.
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms ;. stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $1S. 1181A Howard st.
AN upper flat^ef 4 t rooms and - bath. . 336 Te-
hama st. - . .'¦'-. .
FOURTEENTH, 72S^-5 large sunny rooms and
bath; /Castro and Fillmore cars.
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat. , 5 rooms. 28%
', Wesf Mission gt.. bet. Twelfth and Brady.
SEE this flat: 5 rooms and bath; $11. 2922
¦ .Lacuna St., near Union. ¦ •
~~Fl7ATS TO' LET — FDRN1SHEU.
FOR Ren« f — Beautiful 8-room flat in San Jose;
whole or part ' or will sell. Inquire at- 367
golk st.'S. F. , . ' .
FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms and bath; sunny
side; rent $25. 132 A Fourteenth st.
, ; FURKITURE FOR SALE. '
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $18 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE ' WASTED; • "
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
; reasons. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner bldg.
A..WOLLPERT. 773 Misslon'st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
.': :, GLOVES. ,
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FES! ALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT '. ; . . .
2 waitresses, summer resort, free fare $20
- a waitresses, flrst-class country hotel, fare e
.-.-, Restaurant "waitress "(6. days" week), Oak-.
land ....:......•...•••••. $6 week
Chambermaid to' wait, country hotel..... .$20
Waiter and wife, country hotel.:....... .$45
2 waitresses, country and city hotels.. $20-$25
'2 fancy' ironers, city • $10
2 mangle girls.... .- ...$6 50 week
Restaurant cook. ....'. :*. ...... .;$9 week
...:... . FAMILY DEPARTMENT , . ,:*. ;;::\
', A man and wife as cook -and utility ' man,
small . ranch, . $30, see party. here; a working
. houteekeeper (for 2 at present), afterward to
take charge of - house while family is away,
$25, German or Swedish, country, see party
here; 2 second girls, $20-$25 ;* cooks, ; houae-
girls, nurseglrls, city and country, $10-$25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary et (Will
remove after March 31 to 429 Bush St., oppo-
¦ site California Hotel.) . ¦- - , r
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO: . . . ..335 Geary st.'
....... ...HOTEL DEPARTMENT
•' Head waitress, $35, resort ; " 25 waitresses,
first-claes commercial, city and country
hotels, best wages, all fares to country paid;
cook, . restaurant, .. $10 week; dishwasher, $6
' week, same place. ' - •
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
. Cook,- American "family, $30; ¦ waitress,: same
place, $25; cook. Belvedere, > $30;^ houseglrl,
• Mill Valley. $30. MRS.: M.. E.- DAY-& C<X,
-.'335 Geary st. . •...., ' ¦ : . - . -.¦..' -
GIRLfor labeling,* wholesale wine : house; $5 a
week. ¦¦.W.,D.;eWEB,& CO.. .610 Clay st.
WANTED— Woman assist light ¦ housework
Christian home ; ¦ seaside ; treated J as one of
-the. family; nominal wages; ¦ no . objection • to
' a' child. -Apply room : 12. 227 Second v«t. , ,;¦;
WANTED — Housekeeper: must - have' exceii-
tlonaliy < good ¦ references ¦ as to morality,' love
of children and housekeeping. Box 4248, Call.
WANTED-^- Woman for plain housework. ; 529
. Natoma st". -. ;, ¦ •",*¦'* ''¦¦¦• ;•¦••" — -• •"' ¦ "* ,'
LADY ' clerk for office, 1 ,1 to . 4 p. m * PROF.
./(MONROE,. Astrologer. 1032 Market st. .. „ ;
OPERATORS : on * ladies' silk waists to • work
in factory. 656 Mission st..V third floor.*
OPERATORS « on? ladies' ; waists to take : work
,.ho?ne. .656 Mission i st.,- third -floor, -t - ¦ :
.GIRL wanted. fcr' light housework; good home.-
..•.•; 023:' Halght-, at: £¦;.-> r ;y- '.;-."/;•:;¦.'. .- v ; '.. ,
WANTED^AJ good 'waitress at : 7 Taylor; st.;
¦'wagea $7 per :week: .':"*:;;.¦"-¦ -'..'-¦
YOUNG lady with - knowledge of ' bookkeeping
...and typewriting. Apply ¦ 545 K Washlngton : st. :
WAITRESS wanted at 515 . Valencia st. , \ ¦ r
HELP -WANTED — MALE— Con.
AT C. R. ,HANSEX & CO.'S. . . . .104 Geary st/
...... Wanted* for New Railroad Work..
• ..'...' : .State of Nevada. . . . • • • - •••-••
600 railroad teamsters.. v ... «« t Sav
500 railroad laborers.....: f- * °**
-100 rock men...: • •••*? *-°*^
20 stonemasons... "•" ¦ 'Padly
helpers - h ' ::::v: • :-;s5
swp dSSg;:". : .-.-;l: : ..iv... • • = • • • • • ¦'¦*"* . fare
100 tunnel men. ... ...?2, ?2 50 and I $£ a i day
For Chatsworth Park. .,..:.. . • • • -Ship daily
' Free Fare ..Free Fare Freeware
3 carpenters, country. ?3 a day; 2 farmers.
Butte County $26; 2 milkers, Mendocino
County, $30. -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook for RR. eating-bouse.
Arizona. S60 and free fare; 6 second cocks,
fryers and* broilers, city. $tH> to $Ho: fry cnok,
country hotel, $40; butcher, country shop,
$30; dishwashers, kitchen hands and others.
Will remove to 429 Bush street, opposite
California Hotel, bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.,- after March 31. 1902.
. .- C. R,' HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, st. ¦
A— 2 GOOD-SIZED boys, who live with par-
ents, . to distribute circulars and make them-
selves generally. useful for this office.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Will remove after March 31 to 429 Bush St..
opposite California Hotel. .- ¦
WANTED— Barber with $300 cash, to take full
charge of a nice barber shop and 4 elegantly
furnished rooms In rear; healthy location;
steady place; wages $25 week; married man
preferred. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny. r. I.
WANTED— A steady man with $100 for a plain
every-day business that will pay about $«0
per month; steady place; experience not re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED — Young man, good address, for
pleasant outside business. 6 Eddy St.. r. 92.
WANTED— A young man for grocery and har
j clerk; 'recommendations. Box 4343, Call.
WANTED— Steady man as partner with $200
cash; perm., steady Income. : 36 Geary., r. 1.
YOUNG men for high class dramatic company
for small parts. Box 4339, Call office.
FOR good reliable men call at 467 Tenth St.,
Oakland, ". Carpenters' Labor Bureau. .:? ¦:--.-'
WANTED— A good day dishwasher at 1201
Fillmore St., corner Turk.
WANTED — A good dishwasher. Park Hotel,
. 26 Turk st. ; call early. " ' ..-
WANTED— Strong, steady young man, experi-
enced with poultry; must know ( how to milk;
wages to start, $20. Address E. VAN
EVERY. Edenvale, Cal. -. ¦
YOUNG man in tinshop; age 16 years: apply
, 7 to 9. 533 Mission st.
MAX and wife for country home; wife must
' be good cook and man understand care* of
horses, garden, etc. : nice home to right
couple; position permanent. Box 4385. Call.
WANTED— A flrst-class carriage painter, all-
around man; steady Job; Eastern man pre-
ferred. Bay View ¦ Carriage Factory. San
' Rafael. Cal. .. ¦ .
WANTED — Apprentice barber who has had 1
or 2 years' experience. Address P. O. box
375, Santa Clara, ' V"
WANTED — At once, a good shirt ironer on
Tyler machine; hand work; $12 to $15 per
week. P. O.-box 95, Santa Barbara, Cal.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young -man with
$175 cash; $17 week; steady place; no ex-
perience necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED— Young man with $250; tend ,cash,
restaurant: $60 mo. Brown. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — A good floor man; used to carriage
- aryl wagon work. 1414 Pine st*
WANTED — To buy a good barber shop. Box
4368. Call. '
WANTED — Recruits for tne marine coros. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able -to speak and read English. For
further information asply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 -Ellis St.. San Francisco. . ¦¦'-- •-.¦:
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue fee. MOLEP.'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. ebu Clay st. . -'
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Msn to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
SAILORS, green nan Is and blacksmiths for
whalers and merchantmen. Apply Shipping
Agent,: 213 Broadway.
WANTED — In a twenty years established car-
riage and wagon shop, a flrst-class painter to
rent shop.- Address box 4233, Call office.
28 YOUNG men to go north for the summer
at HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. -Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
COc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue j
mailed. S. F.' Barber College. 741A Howard. |
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
;bIg.'Past Com. Geo. ; H." Thomas Post. G. A. It.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Ste'fcxrt st.
GET your shoes half-soled while stilting: 23c '
to 50c. 563^ Mission st, bet. 1st fnd 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and' subscriptions
;. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(1
Valencia st. --
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and drlv-
ing . horses of ¦ all grades, sizes and style.
. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
.FOR sale — At a barpaln. fine business horse
and buggy. See at PETERS' stable. 1314
Grove St.. near Devlsadero. „
FOR sale— Cheap, elegant lady's driving horse.
Can be seen at PETERS' stable, 1314 Grove
St.. near Devlsadero. .
FOR SALE— Span of bays. 4 and 5 years: full
sisters; also buckboard and harness. 2262
San Jose ave.. AlamedA. or 437 Larkin. S. F.
SANTA ROSA salesyard— Horses, harness and
. buggies bought nnd tr-ld. sew stock always
on hand. 1490 Market. at., corner. Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary* College. Fourth ses-
slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALMOST new top buggy: exchange for bicycle
wheel road buggy. 718 Folsom st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey , h arness^work^rivinghorse^J^th^Vah^nc^
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. k>2 Mission.
PARTNER; half Interest livery stable; all new
. rigs: account other business. 2125 Mission.
CHEAPEST and. best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or, Canada one year for »i,
postage paid.
HOCSES TO Lgg:
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
.HYGIESIC HAIR jnEATTHCTT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
/ lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness- with great success: free consulta-
tlon. Room 39. Liebes building. 139 Post st.
LOST— Female deerhound blacky 4 brown
paws. Liberal reward if returned^ to 5.4
William st.'. Oakland, near San Pablo ave.
LOST A black Newfoundland pup with white
breast and feet. 621' Herman; liberal reward.
LOST — Small female pug: answers to name of
"Puggle." Liberal reward at 33.4 17th.
STICK pin ' ruby and small diamond; valuable
as a keepsake; liberal reward , If returned to
CaM'offlce. . ... ~ . .
LOST— A diamond sunburst last evening.
March 19. Return to 1845 Polk st. and re-
celve liberal reward. ¦ ' ; -
FOUND — On Monday,' pair spectacles; prove
property. ¦ Box 4362, Call office. \
FOUND — Bicycle; owner can have- same ' by
proving property. - A. BROWN. 222 Green-
wich st. ¦ • ' ' -. '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
' nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new wateh cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weeklx Call,
¦'. : 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
matrimonial: :--•'/•'.!
MARRIAGE = bureau: est. 18S7: reliable and
confidential ; lists 10c Mrs. Herts, , 700 EU1j»-
J HELP TCAJETED— FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— Man . and small ranch, ?33;
'.-3 cooks, small wash, $30; chamber work, pri-
vate family.:$20; 4 second glrhv $20-$25; 10
waitresses- for- family - hotels, $20-$25; res-j
. taurant ' waitresses; - $7-S ; • -nurseglrl, $25 ; \
• woman; and -child,' $20; also a large number
; of girls for nice places r»": $20, $25, $30. call
-to-day. J. F. .CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
_ ; - . - - '. ¦ . . \ :,
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will instruct inexperienced hands ; the . trade
of : making overalls free ¦ of ' charge ; will be
paid while learning. - LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. '32% Fremont St. Apply, to MR. DAVIS./
NEAT . girl," plain cooking, general; housework;
.also competent girl, assist with infant; nur3e
must sleep home and live not ¦ too : far from
• given address: apply - mornings; references.
, 1709 Baker st.. bet. California and Pine.
WAXTED — 3 girls to learn hairdressing, mas-
*_. sage,' manicure,, switch," .wig . making, .in 2
; wks. ; take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day,' eve. class;
.'; bring ad; worth $1., College. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WAXTED-^-An • experienced saleslady ' and
£ buyer to take charge of ladles' skirt and suit
.department; state references and. salary ex-
-_j>ected.'r : Box '4354, Call office.' .' ; ¦'-¦ '
WILL treat I free for ¦ wrinkles a~ woman over
v 40 years old; will also treat free for freckles
young. boy or girl. Harris Institute of | Der-
matology, 60S Sutter st.'v . ¦-
WANTED — First-class alteration ' hands for
skirts and Jackets. ARMAND CAILLEAU, -
Inc.. 114 Kearny. st. ..-. -. \ - ' :
-WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl for ' gen-
eral housework; family of 4; $20. 222 Do-
• lores. St., near Sixteenth.': :..,.... • ¦
YOUNG German girl . for a flrst-class confec-
tionery and lunch parlor in a large country
town. 819 Turk Bt. ¦ '
At PaclflcHairdresslngCoIleBe.Murphy bld.,r.94;
hairdressing, massage, manicuring, wige, switch,
, etc. ;course,$5 ;2 wks. ;positlonsecured ;day ;eve.
STENOGRAPHERS, don't neglect your speed;
Join day or evening classes; 50c week. Cor-
: respondence Ex., 927 Market st.. rm, 301-305.
i WANTED — A good awning machine operator; j
1 none but experienced need apply; steady:
II work; good pay.. Apply 1139 Mission st. -
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework; \
sleep home. 1719 Larkin st. -
EXPERIENCED -girl for waitress arid cham-
berwork. : 30 Liberty st. -
WAITRESS wanted at New Mechanics' Hotel,
444 Brannan st. ;\ «¦
NEAT girl for housework . In - bakery. 418
Brannan st:, bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Neat girl, general housework; 2 in
... family; $20y,.2718 Filbert; call bet. 12 and 2.
GIRL for housework and plain cookine; small
family. ADDly.1519 Grove st. :
FRENCH girl or woman; housework; $20 per
month. '822 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Waist and skirt helpers at 234
Post st.. 6 room 10. . . ¦
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit Rltera 1
tlon hands. Apply at HALE~BRO3/
-WANTED — Young girl for upstairs work and
' waiting. Brooklyn House. East Oakland. ¦
WANTED— A' girl to do light housework;
•sleep at home. ¦¦: 3360 Seventeenth st. ¦ 1
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Apply book-
bindery, 536 Clay st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and - subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has beeq established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t. ' -"----.' / --
•» J HELP WASTED MALE. ,
MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
.Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.Office open 7; a. m. . ... . . . .". . . '. '
....... 1000 R. R. Men......
For Nevada. .Free fare
? ... .. : State of Nevada ..;..;
- and -Salt Lake DIv........,'. •'•'• ,
Ship Daily.
........... ..No rieDOsit required.............'
500 teamsters, Nevada .'. ; '..-; .'....".. Fre i
200 rockmen, Nevada. ...:...... Fres
60 drillers, Nevada . ..... . A . .... . . ..Free
35 for steel gang. Nevada.. ..*..'. ...... .Free j
Gang of men for dxtra work ...S. L.-D.
Wages $2 to $3 day...... i
....... l Call Early :. i
........; No . denosit required. .......'
Ship daily. ........ i '. . .Free
Carpenter, country Job, $3 50 day; foreman
carpenter, country; blacksmith, • country
shop; ranch blacksmith, $52 and fd.; bench
hand, planing mill; tinner, $3 day; black-
smith for wagon work. $3 dayv
. .To the Mines
5 laborers, no experience, for a {rood mine.
$40 and fd. ; 6 muckers - for • mine. $60; 2
muckers for mine. $60... ..:...
'..:.... Miscellaneous
¦ Butcher, mining county, $40 and fd.; man
' and wlf e, « private place, easy job; married
farmer; young man drive grocery wagon
3 dairymen; 10 farms, orchard and vineyard
hands. $26 and fd.; 5 milkers,. $30 to. $35
and f d -\ .......'.' '. .' .........
10 woodchoppers, 4-ft. pine, $1 50 cord, tools
and urovlslons furnished
50 woodchoppers and tlemakers. cheap fare.-.
Hotel Department .... ....
Shop butcher, country. $55; porter, country
hotel, $25; baker, country shop, $45; laun-
dryman. country : s 1 cooks, country . hotels.
$40 to $60 and fd. ; cook and helper, country.
$70 and fd.: 3 dishwashers, country; cook
and wife. $45 aid fd.; 5 waiters.
MURRAY & READY.....'. -.634-630 Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S .610 Clay st.
Free fare. ......'............... .For Nevada
Office fee,' $2.. ....No other deposit required
-...'.' SHIP TO-DAY ...............
50 teamsters - ......... .$2 a day
60 drillers, $2 25 a 1 day
SO laborers $2 a day
50 slcpers ¦ ......... $2 a day
Ship, to-day. ............ .'.Sawmill Company
10 laborers ...........". $26 and board
"4 choppers \... \.$45 and board
4 barkers i. .' $35 and biard
2 woodchoppers^ near city. . . . . .$1 40 a cord
Section hand, Sonoma $1 60 a day
> . ' Milker, , Tehama County- ......." ,. . . .$30
2 men and wives, country ..$40
Youth for factory:......... ...... \$6 a week
4 CAR builders; 6 carpenters, city and coun-
try, $3 50 a day: blacksmith, $40 and found;
edgerman,' $70; 20 woodchoppers, 80c to Jl 50 I
• cord; 10 lumber pliers, $2 diy: painter to run
shop, and others. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 . Sacramento st. ' - .. -
GARDENER, $30 to $35 and found; choreman,
$30 and found; [pantry man and wife, $50;
. i^ian and wife for resort, $50; farmer-' and
wife,' small place,' $35; cheese maker -and
wife, $40; boy for ranch; rtlO;. boy- to learn
blacksmith trade: milkers! $30, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento gt.
RESTAURANT- cook. $70; night cook, ; $10
- week ;- pantry man. $25 to $30; bellboy, por-
ters. - waiters,' potwashers and others." J. F
CROSETT &. CO., 028 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third st.; phone Bush 405.-
..Nevada ..: ......
. .'...... ..'..'.Nevada . ........ •
. . .STATE OF NEVADA— FREE FARE
75, teamsters .......Free fiire
,60 rock men. . . . ....... . .Nevada
Gang of laborers.... Free faro
10 drillers ..........:.......". *, Nevada
. ..........Wages ?2 to ?2 50 day..
ah swfRKv. . . . ship daily .......y.'.'.y.'.'
V Head tetter, sawmill. South. $55 mo. -& 'board
Head trlmmer.sawmlll..-. ...$45 mo. & board
Machine blacksmith, country.. $3 50 per day-
3 teamsters, city...... $1 25 day and board
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Broiler $60-
second cook. $CO: meat cook, plain hotel' »5o-
vegetableman, $30; potwasher, $25- 'dish'
washer. $20 and room; night waiter, country"
$30;,2 butlers, $-10 and ?50; : gardener. Marln
«2°5 U - R etc ?! sardener ' s «n._Mateo County,
SHIPPED . free every day— Four-horse scraper
,™ en ; an 5> rock men wanted f or .: railroad con-
tract Wadsworth. Xev.;. wages. $2 per day-
board. $5 25 per week; $2 deposit; required :
company will refund same after 20 dava v
r*. ?• f h STONE CO., 000 Br U adway?bak:
A--HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12
Porter, country hotel, $25. f' ,_~
WANTED— Young man between 16 and 18
•yearsof age: must be good at figure* An
'ply at HALE BROS.' »sures. Ap-
. WANTED — Coatmakers to go to counlrv-
WANTED-^-Fry.; cooks, broilers,, kitchen help
also waiters and waitresses; no lea. 1*7
Mason'st. " ' . . ,«_..' '
BARBERS — Flrst-class 3-chalr ; chop for 'sale-
:» best - location -. in town ; owner golnx awav'
.-. Apply ; at j WILL & FIXCK'S. - . * a> '
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
¦;,dellver>-.wrapper.y Apply. at HALE BROS.' :
WANTED— Cash boy. Apply' a$ HALE BROS.'
BARBER from 5 Saturday night to Sunday 1*>
':• 414: Montgomery ave. *?AKEKi9H9^R| ""
WANTED— A barber at 652 Sacramento st •
~ wages guaranteed.''- . *" ' ' "'_
GOOD : barber ¦¦ wanted . for Saturday whe-ps
$3 50.^23 CTay st. _ . -"f. ."
GOOD ? barber, wanted, Saturday and Sunday
'. 664% Mission st. '.: :;./.'¦ . ...-
BARBER— Partner ' wanted ; | good | little paying
.;.¦ shop;: call: or. write.' 300. Golden Gate ave.
BUSHELMENN wanted. 1 . SUMMERFIELD ~A^
: ROMAN. .901 Market st.- ; . : . C:
COATMAKER ;' and pants and . vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.', 24 Sutter.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market, and .Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every /night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
eoiwr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister open until 9:30 p. m.
313 Larkin street; oi>en until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.. • "
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
1090 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmorc street ; open until 9 p. m.
CHOI CH SERVICES. /'A
REV. DR. CARRADIXE, the noted holiness
evaneglist, will -preach in this city from
March 23 to April 1 twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30. at Metropolitan Hall. Fifth st., near
Market; on week days at 10'a. m. at Penici
Mission Hall. 49 Third 61 All are invited. ,
MEKTING .XOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. ffc M
0 O. F. — Patriarchal degree THIS y^
(SATURDAY) EVENING. XV
F. E. HIGGIXS. C. P. . <T ' V
EXCELFIOR Degree Lodge No. -sSi^te*
° I O O. F. — Regular meeting SjSEtSS
THIS-. (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second decree. '""
W.M. B. CURTIS. D. M^
THE 39th annual picnic of the St. » «»^.
Andrpw'f Society cf San I-'rancisco 2V, AyU
will take j lace at Fairfax Park on >\SXis
SATURDAY. May 3, 1902; games '**«^
dancing; a good time is assured.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President.
EOCIETE Francaise de Bienfaisance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society) — The an-
nual meeting and election for the board of
directors for the year 1902-1903 will be held
SUNDAY. March 23. 1902. at 1:30 o'clock p.
m.. at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st. N.
B.— No member shall A>e entitled to vote un-
less provided with his book in good standing.
For the committee. - - - --*«» <, ¦_
A. GOUSTIAUX. Secretary.-'
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
• the stockholders of the Western Eucar Re-
ftninj; Company will be held at the office ol
the company. 327 Market et.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on Monday, the 31st day of March,
1902, at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the rnsuina year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 21st, 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HAXNAM,. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the effice of the company. 327 Market St., in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. 1902, at the 1 hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serre for the ensuing year
end for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday, March 14/
1302. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. ~~~ ~~
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post.
MEETIKGS — SUXDAY.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society — Free public lecture. "Life at Point
"Loma." by J. H. FusselL student and repre-
sentative from th* Theosophical center. Point
Loroa. Cal.. Sunday, 8 p. m., in Lecture Hall,
310 O'Farrell st; select musical programme.
AGEXTS - WANTED. . • ' .?!,..
AGEXTS wanted — Xo experience required; any
Intelligent lady or gentleman can make from
$6 to $12 per day working for us; business
pleasant and honorable: good territory for ¦
nuetlerj=: lawyers, ministers or teachers who :
need additional income wanted all over the '
State. WELLS & SAUXDERS. 630 Market. ;
SOLICITORS to canvass a strictly legitimate
proposition; only first -class men need apply.
BELASCO A HARRIS CO.. 541 Mkt. upstairs.
SOLICITORS wanted: good money for right
persons. 216-218 Gough Et. -
ADOPTIOX.
WAXTED for adoption — A dark eyed boy be-
tween 2 and 3 years of age; good home.
MRS. MEYER. 566 Minna st.
ASTROLOGY. ]
HOROSCOPEScastTfuture predicted: readings '
by mail If declred. Raymond; 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIXG, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all ca'ses; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance 'charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low "fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTOX. S19 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEX is celling EurekStbicycles fast; swell-
eet thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
erg; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.Sth&9th.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A REFIXED home for little girl. 2618 Bush st.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; largs
gunny yard;phone; nr.school. 1607 California.
BOOKS- -XEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1143 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
ISLSIAESS CHAXCES.
A^iSooTsALOON with 9 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25: great bargain: must be sold at
once. Call R. .G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
A— $60; RESTAURANT and chophouse on 5th <
ft.; must be sold to-day; owner has to leave
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$1500 — ItOAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $30. Including 4
furnished rooms; a first-clat* paying propo-.
Fition. Particulars R. G. WILICE.- 26!^
Ivearnj- Et.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a comer liquor
•tore en Geary St.; rent $35; rare chance for
a good man. CaU R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny st. i
$2500 — CORKER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a flrst-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2CV» Kearny fet. -
A— $300; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$20; good place; 1 block south of Market st.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. ;.
A— $1400; SALOOX. vicinity of Market and
4th sts. ; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — S2500; CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death in family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400, in a well-
established business that will pay Mm from
$150 to $200 a month. Kohlfs Co., 41 Third.
A CAXDY etore, manufacturing and Icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
40 minutes from city; presenx owner been
there 7 yearn: best of reanVri for selling:
t2T50. KQHLF3 CO.. 41 Third et. .
A— SALOON on Third Et.,' close' to Market; 2
years' lease; line fixtures; $1000 stock: good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlf* Co.. 41 Third at.
A— PHOTOGRAPH galleryon Market St.. flne-
ly fitted -up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO., 41.3d.
A— -$0000 WILL buy fine paying retail store;
long- established; excellent location: near
Market st.; will invoice $S000; al! clean
etock; offered only account sickness; chance
seldom, found; would » e fine opportunity to
start ton right in life; might exchange for
city real estate. Aek HEDGES 401-462
Parrott building.
A — i0 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 dally; rents $6 to $125 montn. •
1 can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES. 4C1-4C2 Parrott building.
IF you are eeekins »afe and profitable invest-
ment* write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' tCo-operaUve) Association
<i»ccrporate<! under Xew York State laws);
• limited number of shares at $100 each. ¦ X
6. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton at.
A — $225; CIGAR etand on Market st.; $8 dally
lOta A Market gt:. room 16.
A-^— $275; DELICACY store; fine corner;- 4
rooms; snap. 1049A Market St., room 10.
WANTED— To rent hotel, in country town, or
road house; must be furnished complete; rent
reasonable. Box 4340. Call office.*.
A — S100; PARTXER in goad paying chophouse;
bargain. DECKER & LARSEX. 921 Market.
KROXT Ftall in Grand - Western Market, for
butter,' eggs and dellcaclee. Inquire of J. H.
EGGERS, 1312 Polk et.
KlMSCMHHM^HIHfliHilflHEMr
ilATTRESSES^AyP PlLLOWg^
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized : ' uphoi- *
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powall
it.: tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mat tresises: pillows; window
. shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 7.-»
' MEDICAL. -.it '? v .
DK o'DONNELL. world-renowned cpedal.
ist.— Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases: free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
. NELL, office &. residence. 1013 MKt. op. 5th.
MRS D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' ¦ experience; instant relief guaran-
.' teed: home before and durtnir confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell St.
LADIES, consult the original MRS- DAVIE3
at the old office, 1228 Market st.; 30 years'
¦ experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years', successful experience In 8. F. Ma-
ternity Hoine ! 006MaTkets^ :^Pj ; _4jtb^eeJow^
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111? Market — Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
1 method of treatment: maternity home; homa
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. 3. F.
DR. ROSEN. ladies"Veliable and sincere spe-
clallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposits
Union square: all diseases cured by herb*.
MIKES ASP MIXING.
THE best small mine In the State: develop-
ment will make a large paying property;
sale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEN-
CY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F... Cal.
FOR SALE — At a bargalnj one-fifth interest In
four valuable placer mining claims; in Casa
de Paga River region. For particulars ad-
dresa A. H. L..'box 4296. Call office.
MONET TO LOAX.
A^HERMA^r^rulSplfrTebT^e^^xaminerodi
- $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
if ..Undivided Interests In Real E&tate
. LfTe Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial ¦ Problems of all sorts and sizes.
..IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) "~
$300, 000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
' City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securl-
' ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. •
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhers
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3... ......
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 11.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603. ;.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84tt
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
28 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
j $500,000 AT 6 per cent, in sums to suit in city;
I $150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
i ond mortgs. R. 3. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
I ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
l niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
i lowest rates. . BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 38.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
I ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; conflden-
I tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F» DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
! people on their note.
| THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bid?.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; mone7
1 quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
j age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no 'removal; no commission ; confiden-
tial. Room :>. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: pianos
&, furniture; no removal. Gartheis, 208 Post.-
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: privata
i party. St. Ann's bldg., C Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
Ing rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st.
i ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
• $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants'. Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned \ salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
OX furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF yon want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
I postage paid.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
THE Simplex piano player is the most won-
derful of all piano players; it plays musio
In such a way as to captivate the best
musical people, because its playing Is not at
all mechanical, the expression betns perfect:
and the manipulation the simplest. Call and
hear them play, and play them yourself, at
any time. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7«9 Market st. '..'-'
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageoutL,
propositions are offered In the way of priced
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. ' .
A GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
50 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 50
a month. Some special bargains:
1 Knabe $95 2 Checkering* $163
1 Sommer ...$38 1 Heine 1235
1 Hyde $35 2 Steinway $265
(New second grade, $98 up. HEINE PIANO
CO., Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-band organs from $25 up; new upright'
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTA2 A
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Masoa
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlms
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; cost3 you only 20c a day to buy s>
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
ARION harp zither; 42 strings; F. Schwarser;
finely ornamented. In leather-covered, velvet-
- lined case: cost $143: for sale at $50. Ad-
dress R. BAU3KE. 655 Pine st. '_i
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St.. San Francisco. Agents Chase * Baker
piano players. . • ' ' *-"l
AUCTION! - AUCTION! AUCTION! "„ "^l
Everything must go: PIANOS are seHln* A
Jlke hot cakes for storage. $40 up. WIL-
; SOX'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
SOHMER ft CO. pianos: Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Spielmann. pianos; Cecillan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 308, 310.
312 Post it. ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ .
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 Bth St., lver» & Pond agta.
DECKER & SON. Wlssn«r#and Baunaelster
' Dianos, as well as many good second-hand in-
struments at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
' SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANjO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
WE offar for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $85 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts. -
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward; values best in the city. PIERCE* 9
PIAXP FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
i ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Beautiful tone hlgh-grado
upright piano: going East. 811 OTarreiKst.
3 LEADING pianos. .Stemway. ChickertngT
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
WANTED — Four good squares for halls.
BYKON/ MAUZY. 310 < Post St.
2 ~ ELECTRIC self-playing pianos: bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st.
BARGAIN, "great* sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 MoAlllster.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
• MULLER.' maker, repairer. 2 Latham places
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly*
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States -or Canada one year tor II.
nnatajra nald.R B Kanada, Arizona
P -Morasci, - King City.
G . R .Ward,'; Concord
C G Allen, 1 Neuman
H " M Strong, i Seattle k
MJ Newman,' Portland
J .T Becrof ts & ' w, , Cal '•
E B'Barry,'N-Yr ¦"
A ' B Ingham,-; Boston
C E Averell, -Boston -'
O W Pitches, Neb
Mrs ;m A Harrington
..Boston . ¦:. ¦• • , :-¦¦-.
G.R t Walker/ Haywrds
G , Sherman; , S • Rosa t -
F H McNutt; Wyoming
A 9 French, -Seattle .* -
F J'.AVhlte, Los'Ang
T Blair, ¦; Denver ; ¦¦
E V/eaver." Wash, DC
J McDonald, San Jose < ¦
NEW WESTERN ', HOTEL.
SOTEL i ABBIVALS.
Con Imperial.- — ,01 Sierra Nev... 2TS • 24
Con New Yk. , 02 CW Sliver Hill... 57 Ct
Crown Point.. Oi . Of St Louis — 10
Eureka Con..." IS * — |!yndlcate .... — e«
Exchequer ... v 01 02 Cnic-n Con... 25 2«
Gould & Cur., 09 10 Utah .... 06 ¦ U7
Hale & Norc. ¦ »> 30 YeCow Jacket II - 19
• -• -FRIDAY. March 21—1 p . m .
Bid. Ask. I . . ¦ • Bid Ask
Alpha -02 ,tW! Justice ...... 03 i,>
Alt* ..'..'..".'•• 04 C« Ken tuck .>.,. 01 02
Andes ....'..." W C|J Lady Wash .. — (H
Belcher ". ..... 06 07 Mexican ..... 4 1 45
Best & Belch- **•> 27 Occidental.... 10 Ji
Bullion .'..... 02 03 Ophlr' ....... 0U 97
Caledonia ... 47 . 49 Overman . . . . os 10
Challenge 17 " 19 Petost ....... 14' 15
Chollar ....:, 12 l.J Fnvagre- ...... 05 0«
Confidence ..:" WJ -'6(i Scorpion ..... — , t,\
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 :>O Seg Belcher: . 02 01
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
v James O'Donnell (owner) with T;. F. Mitch
ell ' (contractor | and architect)— All 1 work for a
two-story frame (two flats) on E line of Miss
issippi street, 60 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E
100;. $3825. • r. " - .-•-•-¦ ¦; -.
Builders' Contracts.
• ~ Joseph • T. V.Cassldy •' to Theresa • R>, Cassldy
(wif e), : lot . en NW line- of Chenery street •¦ HEJ
NE of Mateo. -NEC0 by NW- 100. lot 7, block
11," Fairmount; gift. ,y ..1 -
-, William ' J.' and Esther Gillesple to Jacob
and ¦ Sophie : H. ' Brandt. .'. lots 4 . and 5. block U,
Flint. Tract Homestead Association; $10.
August - and- MatMlde i Klahn and Albert I.
Mollls to Bessie MolIIs (wife of Albert I.), lot
on- WJ line; of, Chenery street. 79:«!N of Falr
mount,""N 20:0.; W 23, S 25, . E 110. lot - 19.
block 19, Fairmount Tract; $10; I" i, .
7 Oscar Heyman to William- Quentel,' lot 59,
Silt map 1; $10. . ,. i *¦-.
¦ Herman Abel to Anna Abel, lot' on E' line "of
Mlnot (Lyons) 'Street, P0 N of Blaine, N 75 by
E 70, lots 236,. m and 240« gift map 1; gift.
v Paw" .Bancroft to The McCarthy Company (a
corporation), lots l-t -and 21. block .28,, lot Zi,
block. 10. 'same; UK. " tP"tsW*WJiMfMK
Estate^ George ¦ F. Woodcock .(by James *W.
Mallady,- administrator) to D. Coffin, lot* 12.
block S6,' Sunnyslde; $135. — . ' .
" George C. ' and v. Etta • H. Edwards to E. G.
McConnell. lot on E line of Eleventh avenue.
275. S of Q street. S 25 by E 120; $10. ., *
' Samuel R. Crooks vs. < Jonathan J. ' Crooks et
al. (by J. T.' Harmes, 1 Gustave H. Umbsen and
Peter- J. Sullivan, referees) to John L. Harri
son, lot on .AV line of Wisconsin street from
which NW Corner of Eighteenth and Wiscon
son bears S 40 degrees 30 ; minutes E dis
tant. -10 :2!4, NW . 201:11%. NW 47:1%. dW
205:7%.- SE 152:0*4; $1125.'
Harold. W.' Crowell to Mary.- Harold and
Irene ¦ Donnelly, lot on " NE line ¦ of Seventh
street. 130 NW of-Brannan, NW 37:0 by NE
80; $5. • -
Victor- H. and Eva -E. Robinson ta^aame.
lot ¦ on SE - line of -, Shipley ¦ street. 282 : 6 . NE
of Fourth. NE 20 by SE 69; $10.
Beatrice . I. M. Killday (wife. of J. E.) tu
Margaret M. McLaughlin (widow)," lot on SI!
line of Perry street, 850 SW of Third. SW i-5
by SE SO; $10. . - "
.Walter -. M., James H. and Harriet (or Hal
tie) Gary to same, lot on SE line of Clementina
street. 200 NE, of- Second, NE 2:6 by SE 75,
quitclaim deed: $5.
Estate - Julia LIddle ¦ (Morrissey) (by - Edwin
E. Llddle. executor) to same. lot on SE line of
Clementina street.;lSO NE of Second.. NE 22:0
by SE 75; $2200. - .: .
: Estate Elizabeth A. Nolen (by P. Boland.
administrator) to Charles Al'-Ktng, lot on SE
line of * Clementina street, 155 NE of Second,
NE 25 by SE 75; $2M0.
Charles'A. and Mary A. . King to Henry E.
Bothin. -same;"$10. •".- i.
Margaret " Wolfaith to Firank and - Margaret
"Welman.-v lot ¦ on N line of Pacific street. 253
Wof Leavenworth. W 20 by N CO; gift. — ¦.» '
Same to Otto R. Curtaz, undivided one
eighth of first three pieces and undivided one
half, of fourth piece, same; $1. ' < • ;
Estate of Benjamin Curtas (by Agatha Cut
taz. trustee) to Louise J. Curtaz. undivided one
tljlrd'of following: Lot on W line of Bagley
place. 73 N of. O'Farrell street, N 22 byW 60:
also lot on NW corner of O'Farrell street and
Bagley place W 17 :G by -N- 73: also lot oh N
line of O'Farrell street, 17 :fi.W of. Bagley place.
W 20 by N 73; also undivided V, of lot on N
line of Golden Gate avenue, 68 ;0 £ of Frank
lin street, E C8:9 by. N 120; $L
,- Charles A. Jones to Margaret M. Jones, lot
en SE corner of Pine and Bacon streets, E 40,
S 57:C. E 17:0, S 20..AV 5*:6, N 77:6; gift.
Thomas J. P. or Thomas J. ¦ Johnston to An
gelo Boitano, lot on SE: corner of Filbert and
Varennes streets, E 20 by S 57:6; $10.
Emma L. and Juliet H. Palache to James M.
Patrick.. lot on N line of Green street, 72:6 W
of Scott. W 28 by N 107:6; »10.
Maria S. and August Hlllebrand to Milton
McMurray. lot 22. block 2, Marion Tract (Hos
pltalLot); $10. . ...
James R. McElroy to Anna M.. Jennie, Emma
and Helen M. McElroy, lot on SE line of Mis
sion, street, 160:8 NE of Eleventh. NE 22:6 by
SE 160; also lot on SE' line v of Minna street,
146:6 SW of Tenth. SW 80 by SE 80; also lot
on SE line of Mission street. 146:6 SW of
Tenth.SW 80 by SE ICO; gift.
Behlow : Estate Company (a corporation) to
Adolph Schlessingrer. lot on W line of Octavla
street, 68 N of Pine, N 39:6 by W 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Gavin
W. Glbb, lot on E line of Webster street, 62:0
N of Hermann. N 25 by E 87:6: % , Uv
City and ' County of San " Francisco to Ru
dolph Spreckels, lot on . NW corner • of . Van
Ness avenue. and Ellis street;- W 109:8 by N
120; $ .-. _ .
FRIDAY. MARCH 21
PJSAL ESTATE TBANSACTI0NS.
Henry PayotV •will deliver the lecture
to-night at the Mechanics*- Institute. His
subject will be "The Land of the Casta
net." . ' .-.¦. . : •" ..." .,
Mechanics' Institute Lecture.
' FRIDAY. March 21— 2 p. m.
. . UNITED STATES .-BONDS. ¦ S: .i.-.
Bid. Ask. , .• BldfAsk.
4s qr coup... 112 113 4a qr c (new) 139ft 139^
4s qr reg.,..Hl ! 111% 3s qr coup.. 109^4 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co.. 76'^iC3 Oc S3 Co 5s. — 101%,
Bay CPC 5s. 107% — Ombus C 6s. 131 1S5*
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac G Ira 4s. 05% —
C Costa 5s. i — H1T4 Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed LAP 6s.. — — Pk&O R 6».117.120 .
Fer&C.H 63.116 — Pwl-st R 6s.llT —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 96 ICO
H C&S 6%s. — — SF & SJV53.123VJ —
Do 59...,. — 99 Sierra CalCs. 105^110 '
L Aag R 5s.l20%121Vi S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. — — (1909) 113 —
.Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114% — '
Do gtd 5s. — . 10C»,^ S P of Cal 6a
LA & P 5s. 102 lte^i (l»05)Sr A.109UH0J4
Do 1 cm5s.lO2 — (1905)Sr B.llOVillOli
Mkt-st C.6s.l2fi^ — -0906) 112^4 —
Do lcm r.B.lllM.;. — • (1912) 122H —
N R Of C 6s. 111% — 8 P of C 1st
Do 5s 123% — c gntd 5s. 120 :— "
N Pac C 5S.10OV4 — Do stmpd.111-% —
N Cal R 5s.ll2H — SP Br Cal6s.l40% —
Oak Gas 6s. 112^114 S V Wat 6s. — 111*»
Oak Trn es.123%12.-;^ Do 4s . . . .102%10."%
Do 1st c!fe. — 112 1 -. Dots 3dm. 102 —
Oak W G 6s. — IKIVj Stkn G&E6S.102 104 :.
- - WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76 7S [Port Costa.. 6.1% f6
Marln Co ..^ 60 — ; /Spring Val.. 90^ 91
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L-& P. 2% — Pac Light... 45 "' ; — .' . ¦:
Eqt G L Co. 3^4 — Sac B G&RS 23 31
Mutual — ..:- — : 5 . S F G A E. . 44 41%
O G L & II.. 50% 57 SFOLCo. 5% 5%
Fac G Imp.. 35% 37 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Anglo-Cal .. 80 90^ L P & A. ...Ifi3 170
California ..422% — Mer Ex (Uq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Nation! .137%.—
First : Uatlonl — — . ... ."."'¦
-.,i, '• SAVINGS BANKS.
I German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — " Security Sar. — S8O
1 Mutual Sav.. 79 — j Union Trust. — 220O
i S F Sav. U.. 515.-'— : ¦ ¦ .
¦ " ' STREET RAILROADS.
California *. . — 175' : Market . '. . .'. 100 '^— ¦¦''.
Geary ..."..• — — 'Presidio .....— ;¦ 40'
POWDER.
Giant ." .70% 80% VIgorit ......— A
1 Hans 1 3^4 *K. Kliauea .... — 954
Hawaiian ... 37 40 Makawell ..21 24
Honokaa . . . 10% — Onomea 23 24
Hutchlnson : — . 11 V* Paauhau ... 11 .,— .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l6H4 162 Pao A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 98&100 Pac C Bonc.165 —
I Cal Wine As — 100 Par Paint ..IS :'— . '
Oceanic S Co 35% 40 - . -J
Morning Session.
Board— '
30 Hutchinson S P Co ......... 11 50 '
6 Kilauea Sugar P Co 9 00
25 Makawell ...„;... 23 00
115 Pacific Gas Imp •."...« S5 7.".
35 S F Gas and Electric Co: 44 50
! $2000 Los Ansoles-Paciflc R R 102 00
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1009) 113 00
$1000 S PI Of ArUona (1910).....' 114 62J5
•-.-.¦ Street— - -~- ¦ ' • . ..
$500O S P Cal 1st con 5a (stamped) 111 50 ' .
$10,000 S P Cal l3t con 5s (stpd) s 10.111 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Association; ..'..162 00
! 85 Alaska Packers' Association... .161 50
25 Paauhau S P Co... 11 00
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s. s 10. .107 12*4
$1000 Hawaiian C i S.Co 6s :... 99 00..
J1OOO Oakland Transit Co. 6s 123 12*4
$2000 SPol Arizona (1910)..; ..114 63v3*
$2000 Los.AKjeles Ry 5s ..........121 25
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.' ,
Morning Session.
200 Cala-Standard '...' %9
¦' 50 El Dorado 13
6150 Occidental of W.Va 1» \
10 Peerless-.... 6 75
1100- Reed Crude 34
. 200 Sterling 1 20
" * Afternoon Session. . /
Board —
2000 Occidental of "W Va. s 10 19.
' 150 Occidental. of W Va .- 19
600 Petroleum Center .'. . 07 ' - N
MINING STOCKS.
¦¦¦¦:-.- s '
The following were the sale3 in the San
Francisco Stock- and Exchange Board yester
day: : '¦:•.-.-•'
.Morning Session.
500 Best & Belch. 26 1200 Potosl .15
300 Mexican 42 200 Sierra Nev...
- - Afternoon Session. . '
200 Best & Belch. - 26 100 Mexican ...... '. 43
¦ 400 Chollar - 13 500 Potosi ...:... .15
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 500 Savage ...... 05
The following were the sales Jn the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch. 27 200 Mexican ....'. 42
' 100 Caledonia 48 100 Ophlr 97
700 Chollar 11 BOO Potost .'-13
r 200 Chollar 12 500 Potosi - ie
MX> Chollar .'. 13 300 Savage- 00
' 1C0 Con C & V.I 27% 600 Sierra Nev... 24
200 Gould & Cur. 10 400 Silver Hill... 50
Afternoon Session.
. 500 Belcher 07 500 Mexican , t-t
300 Best & Belch. 26 500 Occidental ... lo
3CO Caledonia' .-50 130 Ophlr ....... ur
"00 Caledo'nla .... 49 700 Potosi 3,1
B00 Chollar 13 500 Potosi ...... .15
10O Con Cal &.V.1 25 20Q Silver H1H... 57
¦ 800 Gould & Cur. 09 200 Silver Hill... ¦ IS
• 200 Mexican 4J 300 Union Ccn... 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
A circular letter from the directors of th»
Pacific Gas Improvement Company to j stock
holders tenders them 3000 shares 'of the unis
sued stock at $38 per share, the subscriptions
being based on one share for every I ten held.
The authorized capital is $3,000,000 In 50.000
shares, while the amount so far issued is
32,000, on which $30 has been paid.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers "was firmer,
selling up to $162, and there was a sale of Ha
waiian Commercial 5 per cent bonds at $99.
A decline In Makawell Sugar to $23 was ths
only change on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange. Business was dull. The oil stocks
were featureless, as usual.
STOCK-MARKET.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
: At a meeting of Carpenters' Union No.
22 '. last night, the following resolutions
were adopted:
Resolved, That we, the members of. Union
No. 22; in regular session assembled, denounce
the action taken at the so-called mass meeting
held at Metropolitan Temple on Thursday night
under the auspices of Union No. 483, it not
being r>cs3ible for more than 150 men from
483 -and some outside unions to rexister their
wishes to, the exclusion of the hundreds of
others 'who desired by their voice and voti>
to protest arainst the action taken, and that
we reaffirm our. loyalty to the Building .Trades
Council and our brotherhood, and that we, the
member* of Union -22, warn all our members
against believing any statements or resolutions
emanating from that, meeting, .as they were
not the wish of the people present, but .rather
pOtr- through by -the -gag". law: 6f Mr. Malsbury,"
the chairman, and that he be censured by this
union for' refusing to put the 'amendment,
which was regularly moved and seconded, de
ceiving those present, . they believing that they
were votint: on the amendment, and then at
once, adjourned the: grand, farce. And that
copies be sent to the different unions and to
the Dress. ' - F. P. NICHOLAS, President.
W. E. SMITH. Recdf dins Secretary: '•
tivc of Much Bitterness and
Many Harsh Expressions.
CABPENTERS ISSUE :..
. . >/ \ MORE RESOLUTIONS
Troubles Between -Unions Is Produc-
SKATTLE. March 21.— President H. C.
Baker of the Building Trades Council
-was expelled from that organization at a
meeting to-night on the grounds of mis
appropriating funds supplied by tlie Re
publican City Central Committee to be
used for legitimate purposes during j the
last' municipal campaign. The accused
practically % admits 9 his • guilt, but claims
in : .vindication of his action .that he . ex
pended the money in furthering the inter
ests of the Republican ticket at the polls.
Prior to the last municipal • electiop a
committee, was /selected by the Building
Trades Council to Interview the candi
dates of the various parties \and learn
trjeir inclination as regards organized la
bor. , By virtue of his office . President
Baker. was a member of the committee.
President Baker and James Hopkirk
went to Chairman Miller of the Republi
can. City Central Committee, a few days
prior to the election and received- from
aim $200. It was agreed that if the Re
publican ticket should not be indorsed,
the money was to be returned the follow
ing day. The money was turned over to
President Baker in person. '
.When the council met an attempt was
made to Indorse the Republican ticket,
which the committee had concluded was
most friendly to the interests of organ
ized labor, but so determined a flght was
made against the action tnat the meeting
closed without the nominees of any ticket
receiving an indorsement. - - -
Some time passed- before the executive
committee of the council learned that, the
money had not been returned. A commit
tee-waited on President Baker. He ad
mitted that he had not returned the
money, but claimed that he had spent it
in the interests of the Republicans.. The
committee further' learned- that certain
persons claiming- to be representatives of
the Building Trades Council had gone to
J. W. Godwin,- Democratic candidate,
and informed him that It was the inten
tion of the .council to indorse the nom
inees of the Republican ticket.
It is alleged that these persons further
informed Godwin that by the judicious
expenditure of money this plan of Indorse
ment could be prevented from being car
ried :' into, execution. 'Godwin admitted
that President. Baker was one of those
who had seen him and he believed the
name of. another was Hopkirk. ?-;,~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The' difficulty arises through the fact
that the treaty existing at the time the
crime was committed and at the time the
extradition papers were signed has since
been annulled by the Government of
Mexico. A new treaty is now in existence
and criminals extraditable under the. old
one cannot be delivered over by the Gov
ernment under the treaty of to-day.
EL. PASO. Texas, March 21.— An Inter
national controversy is likely to arise over
the extradition of Charles Gilbert Webb,
captured "Wednesday morning in Mexico,
and wanted for eight years on a charge of
robbing a mail coach in Idaho. Webb is
now in Jail in Parral. According to Mex
ican Consul Mellen of this city the ma, n
cannot be extradia ted unless this gov
ernment makes an especial request of
Mexico and agrees to deliver to the Mex
ican Government all Mexican criminals
or .suspects arrested under like circum
stances-in this . country.
International Controversy 13
Likely to Arise Over the
Arrest of Fugitive. .';''
Charge Is Made That He
:i Misappropriated Oam
v - : P a i& n Funds.
Mexico May Not Give Up
a Captured Mail
. Bobber.
Seattle Building Triades
'Council President;
Accused.
LABOR LEADER
IS EXPELLED
EXTRADITION
IS RESISTED
THE SA2V FRANCISCO CA:KL, SATURDAY, MARCEL 22, -1902.
13
ROOMS i .TO Pnfnrn.
GRAND "SOUTHERN -Hotel, 7th and Mission—
1 Family house: > those requiring a quiet.' orderly.
..home at moderate charges; suit; single, elevat,
HOAVARD, 10C3— 2 sunny, connecting complete-
¦v ly furn. bay windaw. rooms; ; electric- lights. '
L ARKIN, 819^— Sunny , front room ; gas,' bath,
phone ; $7 per- month ; gentleman. ; ; -- ; ..- .-; ¦_,
MARTINET, .1101. Geary-fHandsome suites;
. private batha;' newly- furnished. single. rooms.
NEW ; ARLINGTON,'- 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
•i nished , rooms ; $2 a ¦ week up; 35c a ..day, u p^
O' FARRELL," * 20— Sunny it urnished' rooms and
~ of flees ; elevator, elec. lights ; ; day,*, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 324— A sunny suite suitable tor
'.: "physician's offices or.manand wife.' -- ;•¦-'
PERRY, I- 111 —Rent $6; firie. "double furnished
. room;.: private. ¦ .-.;¦: .-.»•._•
POLK,' 1539— Parties looking for extra nice
3jj rooms please call;- American family. V; '. -. ¦-
ROYAL House, ; 126 . Ellis— Incandescent : light.
- : reading-room, smoking-room, and ladies' par-
,Ior; rooms, per night,- 35c to $1 50; week. $2
',.' to $S ;; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
rooms with hot and* cold water; baths."
SHERMAN Apartment House." 2S .Eighth> sU,
near. Market— Furnished or "unfurnished..
TEHAMA.-331— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; alsd housekeeping rooms. ;-. .-
TURK, : 210—^Sunnyi rooms : for gentlemen; -pri-
vate family.. **..' --' ;^ : - .;"-. ~
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands ;¦¦ newly
.renpvated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements 'and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office, 2200,Fillmore.'
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions -has been established at 1096
- Valencia st. ' '¦; v- '¦¦•-.
, ; nOO3IS AND BOARD. •/
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny, front ' rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold; water; modern;
" first-class board;' reasonable ;phone South 82D.
$18— LARGE front" room for 2, separate beds;
. central;.- Spanish: family;' ..table practice;
phone-John 2396. 1021 : Washington !gt. - ,
BOARD'«and room for two .gentlemen; good
table and bath; reasonable., 1044 Ellis 'st.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
: family. hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
JOHNSON. .The. 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate..
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome ¦ furnished sunny
suites, '; single rooms ; first-class table board.
FULTON. \ 25— Room with* or without board
' for gentleman. - '..'.', < ! .. '
NIARA. 615 Taylor— Sunny front and back
¦ i suites ; 3 excellent b(pard;: terms . reasonable. ¦ '
MARRIAGE LICENSES. • -
Th3 following marriaKC licenses were issued
yesterday: ' • ¦ " .' .
Antonio Zapoetln!, . 29, . 14 Ohio place, and
Dele Saruentl. 24, 14 Kearny street. ...
Ole • Olsen. 34. 620 Sacramento ¦ street, and
Bertha Lucas, 22, C20 Sacramento street.
'Fred E. Collins. 33, 34 Eleventh street, and
-Charlotte Alley, .22. 9% Oak Grove avenue. .
BIRTHS— MARRMES— DEATHS.
Birth;" maoriace and death notices ; sent by
| mail will not be inserted. -They must be handed
i in at "either of the publication offices, and be
indorsed with the name : and : residence. of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
"•¦ •'•¦.'¦' '•(","¦' ~. V -BOBNV W£$k
OPPENHEIM— In this city, March ' 12. 1902.
to the wife of Robert Oppenheim, a daugh-
ter. ;...'-. wf •- -¦¦¦
QUITZOW— In. this, city, .March 21. ;. 1902_ vo
the wife of. H.-W.' Qultzow-Jr.. a daughter.
;¦' v married. ¦''[-.:" :-;;',;¦¦
END.W0RTH— FRASER— in this city, March
17, 1002.. at the- residence of -the- Key/ W. K.
Guthrle, 2323 Pacific ¦ avenue, Arthur N.
Endworth and Marian B. Fraser. -.-¦¦. '
FISHER — GIRARD — In Sacramento, March 21,
' 1002,: E. 0. Fisher of -San Jose and Lucille
I Glrard of Pueblo. Colo. ..'¦•¦- -, -...:•.
~~"™~~ --:•.-•..• dies. "'];:'ji' :_¦•.';'¦;¦/.':
Alsner, Lucas ' Levy, Schewa
Atkinson, Lizzie '• '," 'McDermott, Mary A.
• Barry, 'Richard J. - . : . McDonald, John.E.
'.Berchtold; Mary . McLaughlin, Mar- ,
' Bowlln, ' Catherine ¦ raret - ;
¦ Boyle. Sarah McMullin. Tho«."F.
. Callaghan, Daniel . ¦ - Mailliard, Cora
Chesebro. J»ne- P.'- '.Meininger, Hannah
'" Creighton. Richard'- .Otis, John- J.* _.
De Martini. Luigl ¦ . ¦ • - Ridley.- Ellen A.
•Donohue,. Mary ;V .'Shields, Mary
' Dunbar.-.May •. ,- .!'¦ ¦¦ Slevin, .Agnes B. .
•; Fanning,. George W. Spear,. Gusitavus L.- .
; . Thomas Tamony, "Francis ¦-
I Fitzgerald,' Thomas - "• Tomllnron,' Cora E.
" -.Harris, Charles N. . -Warren, : Margaret
-.'Harrison, Caroline ' ¦¦'¦¦Wenrlck.'" I. G. •¦¦;
. Helmholz. Catherine • Wolfarth, 1 Marsar-
"Jacobs, Nathan "- ¦ ethe " . - - ¦ •
AIGNER— In this city, March 21.' 1902, Lucas,
1 -dearly beloved husband of Annie Aigner, and
¦ beloved ' father of Lizzie, Alvlce and Philip
"Aigner, ; Mrs. F. Jennings and Mrs. H. Gor-
man, a native o? Bavaria, . Germany, - aged
53- years G months and Zi. days. ... . ¦ .,
ATKINSON— In this city, March 10, 1002. Liz-
zie Atkinson, a native' of Ireland, aced 03
years. \ ' - -
BARRY— In this city, March 21. at the Po-
.trero, Richard J., beloved -husband of Mary
Barry, and father of -Thomas F. and Joseph
R. Barry,: a native of Clonmall, County Tip-
'perary, Ireland, aged 50 years. A' member
of Harmony Allianco No.' 15, St. P. A. of A.
H_3"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from" his lato resi-
dence. S30 Illinois street, Potrero, thence to
St. -Teresa's Church' for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Alli-
ance No. 15, St. > P. A. of A., are requested
to assemble at 830 Illinois street, Potrero.
to-morrow . (Sunday),' at 0 : o'clock. • to attend
the funeral of , "our late brother, 'Richard J.
Barry.- FRANK O'BRIEN. President. I
JOSEPH O'BRIEN,. Secretary. ¦ . \
BERCHTOLD— In "this ' city, 'I March ' 21, > 1902,
: ¦ Mil ry-.' Berchtold, a native of Giswll, Switzer-
land, aged 85 years. '
: : . fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hermann Metzler, 030 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill- Cemetery. .
BOWLIN — In this city, March 21, 1802, Cath-
erine, beloved .mother of -Nellie Bowlin, a
- . native of Sacramento, aged 47. years.
"•(Cy Friends' and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors ' ..>f
" Porter' &' White. 122 Eddy, street. Intermeit
Odd Fellows" Cematery. .' " /
BOYLE— In "¦ Virslnia City, - Nev.," March 19,
'1002, Sarah, beloved wife of the late Colonel
- E. D, Boyle, daughter of 'Ellen and. the late
Thomas' Donahue, -and- mother of Emmet D.
and Alec. .M.. Boyle,', a .native, of. San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years. and 1' day. --
' (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to -attend' the' funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townseni
/streets.' ¦ ••¦¦'. \ ¦•'¦¦' '"- . *
CALLAGHAN— In this city, March 20, 1902,
' Daniel Call3Rhan, • a ; nallve of Ireland, aged
82 years. .'•'.•. ¦',-:. .-> ''i^*~
•• try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited : to '• attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock,; from the parlors
of Charles J.'.B. Metzler, 03(5 Washington
street, thence • to St. Mary s Church, : corner
California and Dupont streets. . for services,
thence to Third ' and- Townsend streets to
.11:30 o'clock. train: Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . •:'" '¦¦'-¦
CHESEBRO— In this city, March 20, 1002.
Jane p.; beloved wife of " the lato John A.
Chesebro, : and ." mother of ; E. C. Chesebro; a
native of Pea cedal.*-R.I-. .aired W5 years :{
manths and 2S days. .- \
CREIGHTON— In this city, March 21," 1002
Richard Crelghton.t a native of Ireland; aged
CO years.- cy"* , . . .- ' ,' " '
DE MARTINI— In this city, March 21, 1002,
¦ Lulgl de Martini, a native of Lurslca, Genoa
Italy, aged 72 years. ,
DONOHUE— In ' this ¦ city, March 21,, 1002
Mary.' beloved wife -of the late Edward
- Donohue, a native ; of Iremnd,- aged 53->ears
[CT The'^ funeral will - take - place to-day
(Saturday).- at '1 o clock, from the parlors of
. 'Carew &. Knsllsh. 29 " --.v an r Nees avenue
thence to Sr. Joperh's Church for services'
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦¦ •
DUNBAR— In : this city/ March 21. 1002,. May
DunbBr. beloved wife of W..H. Dunbar, and
H E N R Y J. C A L LAC H E R CO.
.' .- iCucceanor to j'lanna/tan «t Gallagher.* -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. *
FT.-NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln tichool.
. ; Telephone ¦ South 80. • ¦ ..
: Mt;- Olivet Cemetery,
" NPJAREET THK CITY. .
Office, 916 : Market Street.- 1
. Telephone : . Bush f 367; •. ;.-'•.¦
;NEW-FPRIVI OF UNDERTAKERS.
. '. Samuel McFadden, " 18 years mana ger foe
'the ' United Undertakers'. Association; M. J. v
McBrearty.' with 7 the same company for IS
:>-ears:,P. :F/ Green,. late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co. . have opened . new Funeral : Par- 1
lor* at 1171 Mission street; between" Seventh ¦
and Kichth.- Telephone South -44. ; \ :: .._
REMOVED! •
"McGinn- BROS..'
FUNERAL ' DIRECTORS <. and EMBALM- .
-ERS.?tOi224and 22«iMcAlllster;st. (For-
-merly of 21. Eddy st; '.Tel; South 252.) .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;-
¦ - ¦' ¦ - ¦; ' ¦¦¦' ¦ \ .- ' ¦' ¦- ¦¦'-¦¦¦¦ •, .... ¦ - ¦-
OFFICif-^-niS • BkUADWAY.
- -' ¦ ¦ l -- OA J i 5! Ij^^ p ' RE - AI *' J 'M??^Vy^':. :: . r : '-..".
WOOUAVAKD, WATSON &i CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON &¦ CO..
WOODWAUD. WATSON & CO.,
•WOODWARD, WATSON & " CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO... •
WOODWARD. WATSON' & CO." - i
WOODWARD. WATSON' & CO.
WOODWARD., -WATSON & CO :
WOODWARD. WATSON & * CO
WOODWARD. WATSON &•• C<5 '-^^Ss
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO
WOODWARD, "WATSON' & CO , .".-¦; ' ,•
WOODWARD. WATSON &. CO-
; FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. ' I
.. FIRST. SALE OF THE SEASON. "
FIRST .SALB OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON..' .
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. ;
FIRST. SALE OF THE SEASON. r.s
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. -. ,
. - SPECIAL SALE.. " ' ¦/' ;
" ¦--"' AT AUCTION!" .
AT AUCTION.
"TALBOT PLACE." . . .; .
-TALBOT PLACE.". .
"TALBOT PLACE,"
* 4 *T"A1 ROT PLACE * f
Near San Leandro,' . >•'':.',
- Near 8au ..Leandro, .. ' "
Near San " Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
Near San Leandro.
• Near San Leandro.
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, ¦ 1802. '- '
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
" " MARCH 29, :i902. --
•- SATURDAY. MARCH 29. 1902./
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902. ' •
V ; SATURDAY. .MARCH- 29, . 1902. •"•)! '
SATURDAY, MARCH- 29, 1902. -.
" At -11 -O'CIock a. m. on the Premises.
We will sell at public auction and to the
highest bidder, the .beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot. consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land — sixty
acres in full bearing orchard,, consisting -of
English Walnuts, Oranges,. Cherries, and all
varieties. • ¦¦• '¦ ' •
BEAUTIFUL 12- ROOM RESIDENCE.
Thoroughly modern. " flne stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk house, brooder houses, e.tc,
etc. — an Ideal country home."..- . .-:,:.,
Following the sale of the land and Improve-
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT: OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings, oil paintings, • steel engravings. Decker
Bros, grand square piano, etc., etc.
, - Carriage teams, saddle horses, Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddle*.
Several fine head- of. cattle — "Jersey stock."
' Send for catalogue for all. particulars and
complete list of property "to be sold."
WOODWARD, WATSON & ' CO.. ' ; :
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., •
¦ ¦'¦¦:¦> WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. - '
WOODWARD, "WATSON & CO., -V .-.
WOODWARD, WATSON & .CO., '
WOODWARD. WATSON, & • CO,, - v
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., - t
\ WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., * •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
(Incorporated) -1 •
Real Estate Auctioneers, •
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers.
Real Estate - Auctioneers. ' .
Real Estate Auctioneers.
Real Estate Auctioneers.
Real Estate ¦ Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland.
. •?. 303 . Broadway. Oakland. ¦.•-.',•
003 Broadway, Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland. ' " '
903 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$60 — 9 ROOMS; 2 or 3 years' lease; adults only;
. references. Call between' 10 a. m. and 3
¦ p. .m. at 1504 Franklin St., Oakland. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR . SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthT^H?
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING. »
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large' rooms, with
bath; -completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and cold water; gas; stationary tubs; flne
view; healthy ' location; In a small private
family; no children . under. 15 wanted; rent
: reasonable. 4231 Twsntietn st.*, near Castro.
CLAY. 1629— -2 nicely furnished rooms; gas and
bath. Call 1528 Polk st. - ,
EDDY. 445, rear — Four furnished rooms house-
keeping; large- eunny yard ;• reasonable. ¦
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front alcove suite.' $20; also
. sunny basement suite; rear yard; laundry.- ;
JESSIE. 474— Front and back sunny rooms for
-housekeeping. ' ¦
MISSION, 84J>— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. r!."^,v.:
NATOMA,. 042%. near Seventh— Three . /ur-
, nished rooms for housekeeping.; REINGEBE.
O'PARRELL. 1315— Entire lower floor, 3 rms.,
unfurn;; yard; laundry; $10; phone Scott So8.
POST,- 717 — Two large : pleasant • rooms on
Ground floor: two beds. t * ¦ ' ¦ ¦• . ¦• <¦
SEVENTH. 191.' near Howard — Housekeeping
rooms., .1. v v..; - <¦ • -. '-.. ¦ ... ¦
POWELL. 1006, corl Clay— 2 sunny rooms. $l(i- •
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housckpg.
TURK.' 130 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. ;;. .'." - -. ' ". _ - i '.
VAN NESS ave.. ' 1004 — Front parlors unfur-
nished; cheap;'two furnished rms., $18;:;. $24.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1090
Valencia st; = - . - . .
UOO3IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let;: with or
without board; we save you walking' ths
streets. : Tourist Renting Bureau," 10 Montg'y.
ABGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New elegant
sunny; 70c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached. - - .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to *1 per night : $1 25 to $5 per week; and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. . v
BURNETT, • 1426 .Market (old No. . 1364)— Fur-
nished rim., suites, single; also unfurnished."
CAPP,' 529—2 sunny unfurnished rooms, with
alcove. • '"':'. vr ,.-.;;.-_•> ; ... (
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellie, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦¦ :
EDDY, 11 — Nicely furnished suite.- $15;; also
large sunny, room,- $10. . ¦
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished roomiT".
.. :^c. $1 50 night; $1 BO, $6 wk.; open all night.
FULTON." 119— Sunny furnished room; cheap..
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly f urnish-
ed suites and single;, travelers accommodated.
MISCEI^AXEOC»-~FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 183-197 Fremont st.
*6 H. P MARINE (Scotch) boiler*.. :.$IO»
4 H. P. m»rine engine (steam).... ...$75
*> H. P. boiler and eteam pump..' $100
<: H. P. boiler and duplex pump.. $75
Sparking dynamos for c&s engines.... . ..$10
Ail tize pipe cheap; all elze belting. V in. to
;» w-ide. H. S. WHITE. loQ-132 Beale.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear tt.
BAH fixtures- big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables: ea?y ternUs or rented. Th*.
BrufiEW-lck-Baike-CoUender Co.. CS2 Mlsglon.
SEALSKIN t-uiULble for 36. or SS bust; elegant
quality; condition finest; cost originally $220,
for f 1*00 cash. Box 38dS. Call office. '. . ;
J15-^-DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers:
attachments; good order. 1571 .Market St..
near Twelfth. '.' '
A— $3 r,0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Matters. 330 Kearny et.. near Pint-.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Et_
A— SEALSKIN jacket for eale for $t»5. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
ALMOST new Waltz safe, cost $150. at half
price. IOCS "Washington st.
ALL sizes men's ehoe^. slightly damaged, half
5G3 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bicycle, with coaster brake and lamp;
also house furniture; cheap. 874 Howard st.
1ST-CLASS *M-hand modem engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krcgh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market.
ECLATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦ .
ASK fcr prices on second-hand typewriters tall
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC ianteme, new and 2d-hand moving p!c-
turts. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
NEW heme and Domestic sewing machine;
good order: complete: -cheap. 1015 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2i-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission sf_
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. }i9 Beale et.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United State* . or Canada or.e year for SI.
2IISCEI.LAXEOUS WANTS.
Ti*IBE3i wanted— A trsret of" saw timber want-
ed, situated to as to have a home market;
trill pay stumpaee or saw by contract. Ad-
dress box 4484. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents*
lull dress und Tuxedo cults. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.: phene Bush 4S4.
Wetted— 2<J- hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnswcrthElectricalWks..41STurlc
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 flth Ft.: tel. Jeysle 2S51.
OFFICES A>'D STORES TO LET.
Larse "store with taset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
nbove Monteomery: lease. Keys C36 Clay.r.l.
OIL.
FOR sale or exchanpe — Oil stock: best district;
ra'd csrltal $1,000,000: non-assessable. Ad-
cress bor 4379. Call orflce. :
OIL, tasks. Snd-hand. in. good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 BeaJe st.
P/JXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. RO MAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY. ~~'.
Jtrs. E. PEARCE. Bcientlfic business palmist,
.' parlors 14 hi and .15, The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket St.; hours from '.' a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAAKD reads 1 to 4. 700
P. £t St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.'
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientiac palmist. 515
Taylor *t.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 5«1.
PEgSOyjU.8. .. ¦
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
¦ ?lf.; with these suits \re make an extra pair
of pa.nu free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
el., between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
. end shingle business with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete chingle and finishing
1 ler.t on Humboldt Bay. Address N. ' H.
PINE, Eureka, Cal. ! •
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
- fit by using Standard Patterns. • April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready.' J. W.
.EVAXS. Potnegtlc otflce. i(Cl Market, ar.Otla.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2T-C ft $1 60 per night; (1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggare to and from the ferry. !
COMPARE my switches with others; I only
keep the best; hair tor $1 M, $2, $3; hatr
dressing. 25c; shampooing. 50c; hair dried in
10 minutes. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton «t.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
- «&cne us. white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MONEY ~ loaned at low interest; gold. : silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, staple, three-quarter
3 T double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. . 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdresEing, hair work, man-
icurinjr. ManhatUn Hair Store. 1702 Market.
• bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for eults. overcoats
.and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor/ 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
¦electric needle. MISS EAXOX. 1X19 Sutter St.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call en
Dr.G.E.JIoore,332O'FarreH; send for circular.
PKIYATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
ELECTRIC need Je specialists:' superfluous hair
fc moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427Sutter.
-wrp. I3rffn^s — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
* !>> electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West '239.
McEKUYELL millinery opening reception Tues.,
March lh to 22; hrs. 0 to 5. 1019 Market st.
MICK; getting shaved without soap for 15c at
P.uss House Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery st.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
<-»! costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage., hot air
¦ treatment fcr rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
needle.Dr.d-Mrs.Traverse.lKO Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its. natural color; $1; at all druffgiets.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly : 10c and 2Sc All druggists. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 M; dress pants. |2 5o!
.. Ji'lsflt Clothing Parlor, ccr. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT the
b^Ft corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
RUPTURE and piles cured; nopay until cured •
m> operation; no detention from business*. all
private -diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
surgeon, at 1122 Market ct.; hoars 10 to 8.
TkTi. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence"
A:021'4 Market ft., bet. Sixth er.d Seventh!
" SPECIAL NOTICES. ~—
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections ma<Je"-
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery. ' rooms 9-10; tel. S580.
SEWIXO MACHIXES AXP SPl'PLI E s~
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented. <x., repairing;
lowegt rates; phor.e Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought. Bpld. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: lowest rates Tej. Green 144. 205 4th.
STOttAGB.AyP WAKEHOUSES.
PIEHCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co"
; o.iflce Post and Powell gU-;tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion rt.; tel. Howard 041. F. VV. ZEHFUBS.
BEKINS Ven and Storage Co., C30 Market St.-
tel. Main IStO; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage 'and Furniture Moving Com-
p«ny. 2320 Fillmore »t.: phone Jackson 2S1.
THEOSOPIHCAL LITEHATUHE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly). The
New Century (weekly); write for ssmply
copies and book list to- The Theosophical
Publishing Company, International Head-
quarters at Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
eophical B6clety. Point Lama, Cal.
t1tewbiters axd supplies.
orbatIbabga ins in typbwriterV-^k>
eell better machines for less money than " any
hcuse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
•- Exchange, S3C California; telephone Main- 266.
is'EEETER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter docture; estimate free. 209Sansom«.
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
$30,000— Clay St.; 7 houses; 05:txia7:tf; rents
$210. . .
?2i,o00 — Three of the finest fiats in the West-
ern Addition; NE. corner, UOxlWO;' total rents
$173- a month; a choice buy. .
S20.50U— Sutter-st. corner; larce lot; 2 stores
and 4 flats; easily and steadily rented; total
rents ?l^5 a month.
$20,000 — 3 beautiful Cats beinz built on north
side or Broadway. . ;
»18.500 — O'Farrell st.: 3 new flats; rents
$152 60 a -month; pays *> P«?r cent net. ¦-
$18,000— Jackson st., in best locality; 3 fine
new flats; rente $155. • ¦ .
*16,£KX>r-Corner store; flat and 2-story build-
ing; 37 feet front; will always rent; cost over
*12.000 to build; rents $121 50.'--.
#16.000 — Calirornla-st. comer; 3 good houses;
rents $110. ' V '
$1C.OOO— Stockton tt.; 3 houses; 12 tenants;
rents $1PO a month. : ;- '.
?15,5C0— Jones st. ; 3 choice flats In best loca-
tion; close to town; built 2 years; will' always
rent; rents $127 a month. • ' •''-- ¦_
$14.400— Buchanan at.; 3 fine flats; rents $120
a month. .:;.«
$13.500 — Webster Et.: 5 cottages; rents 5100;
a rood buy. „
?12.500 — North side Pine St.: very fine 3-
Etory build inc In two modern 3-year-old flats;
separate entrances to each flat; rents $100. ' -
$12.100— Sutter St.: 3 flne, new flats; renting
for SS8 a month; north side: in good location.
! $10,250— Hyde Et.: easy walkink distance to
any part of downtown: 2 flats of 5 ana O
rooms; rents $70 a month from "both.. .:
$10,250— -Clay St.; 40x125; three houses; rents
$77; price reduced. >
$9750 Baker st. : two flne flats - of 9 ' rooms
and bath each; all modern conveniences; attic
and basement: renta $75 a month.
$7500 — Baker ct.; in fine locality; upper flat
ha* & rooms; rent $32 50; lower flat has 6
rooms; rent §27 CO; total rents per month.- $C0.
$700fl_Two flats built 3 years; on California
St.; 25x137:0; good locality; 6 and 7 rooms;
rents $27 50 ar.d $23: total. $52 50 a month.
$CV)0— Webster st.: two flats finished only 4
months;- all conveniences: 2uxl00: sun fron*
and back: G and 7 rooms; rents $55.
$6200 — Leavenworth St.; in good locality:
close to town: two flats of 6 rooms and. bath
each: rents $45 a month. j
$5000 — First Ft.: 2 houses ;.- 3 - tenants :' rents
$t": always rented. • -. : ,;
j.4350 — Tenth st.. near Fo'som: 2 flats. ¦.
$4000 — Sanchez-st. corner; three ' cottager;
rents $"W: rood street.
S3C00 — Jones st.. near Chestnut; two flats;
built 2 years. " .
$3100— Perry St.; 3 , flats: 3-story buiidlng;
rents $36 a month; flne rent.
$3000 — Pacific St., near Taylor; always rent-
ed: rents hot.- §27. . . .
$2600 — Midway-st. tenement (North Beach):
rents -533 a month. • •
$1900 — Florida st. ; two good, flats; rents $20;
very cheap.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st. ,
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE . .¦-'"¦ •
By C. S. CAPP & CO..
630 Market st.
O'Farrell .Et. between Polk and Van ' Ness
ave.; lot 27:6x120; 4 houses; well rented.
A row of six modem houses: well rented.
Sanchez Et., between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; lot 25, 50 or 75 by 100.
Eureka st., between Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth; lot 50x120 and cottace of 7 rooms and
bath.
Eureka st., between Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth; three fiats. 7. 7, and S rooms.'
Geary et., between Steiner and Pierce; house
of tt rooms and bath; opposite public square.
Fine residence In Oakland, overlooking lake
Merritt; fine view; for sale or to exchange for
San Francisco property. ; '
A— $1000 HOME for $5 50 per month. '
Receiving credit for $5 per month.
A $2000 home for $11 per month. .
Receiving credit fcr $10 • per month.
A $3000 home for $18 50 per month. .
Receiving credit for $15 per month.
These homes can be bought anywhere, to cost
any amount.
¦ Cost of carrying contract to maturity, $2 50
per month, receiving credit for $2. Investigate
PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVE CO.j^ "
Room 400. Canadian buUdine.
1312 Market St.. ...
San Francisco, Cal. . • ¦ .'¦-.'
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway or on nny of the streets between
Van Ness ave. and Lyon. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st. ._ .-•"•¦
WANTED— To purchase lots, large or small
sized subdivisions north of Broadway to the
bay and from Larkln to Lyon ets. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California Et. .. ¦ .
JOSEPH STRAUB, : :
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. •-
Real Estate Agent,
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.. . . . . " '
AN elegant modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; eunny side street: San Jose., near
Valley, bet. 28th and 2flth: Guerrero-street
cars pass door; appreciated if seen; lot
25x100. •- . . . '¦ . " '
$2000 CASH. • balance, easy payments: ©-room
house;, sanitary plumbing. ,. 1711' . Broderl.ck
st; near Bush. ,. ,\ ' . •¦'" ' ¦• : ;" ..
FOR 6ale «-heap — New C- room house: 25 ¦ De
Long ave.. bet. Waller and .Frederick ets.;
- easy. terms; 2 mantels and. electric fixtures.
$6500 — FELL, to rear street; house and flats.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$5600 — SACRIFICE;- nice flats. Mission warm
belt: choice location. Owner, box 4347,' Call.
$5500 MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
$60. . Apply on . premises. 2623. Sutter st.
PAPERING room walls. SI 50: painting. $1;
whitening. 75c. PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
REAL ESTATE 1 — COUXTRY— -For Sale.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on- Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
j San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
j beat for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co.. 302 California St.. .for
pamphlets and information.
Eanta. -Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. , WHITTON ; &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S. F.. & SanJ.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
' lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY * CARR. 6 Eddy st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. .
WANTED — New. modern, well rented flats' In'
Noe Valley, San Francisco; ?7000 to $10.000; '
a bargain will find a cash customer; no '
agents. Address A. P., box 4376, Call office. |
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAIi ESTATE. '
NEW C-rocm cottage; bath, mantel, basemsnt'
eewered: corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate..
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work dene; city water;
»ewered: lot 50x130; Ashby ave.. near Berkeley
train. • - '
$1730— $£50 cash, balance fiat loan. PaclDs
Home . Buildlnsr Company, 39 Nevada block,
tan Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment:, easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KRUITVALE REAtiV. ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins ft. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public scbooirfurnlshed cot-
tage of 6 rooms;. Eta ble, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; *rnament&l grounds; fruit or-
chard; 20 mlnuTes from Oakland or 1-hour
from S. F. ; rent $33 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frulvale station. '
,== : _
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAIi ESTATE.'
S. H. ROBERTS, real estate and insurance.
Mill Valley. Cal.— Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by'- the -season or year; lm-
• proved and unimproved property for sale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
6 AKLA XD REAIi ESTATE.
BUY BEFORE THE RISE. ~
$1000 — Cory cottage of 5 rooms: hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain (Ink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny side; street work and
walks complete: pear cars and school ;. terms if'
desired; No. 1743*¥*llb«rt et.. near 2Cth; go and
»ee it to-day; owner will be there. .
$2250 and K850 — Two flne homes of 6 and 8
room*; lots 29x100 and 46x100; Nos.-(574 and
67C 33d st.. near Grove;' choice location:- all
modern; open, sloping lawns; handy to school
churches and cars. ¦ '
$1400— Close to San Pablo ave.: house of 7
rooms and bath; all in flrst-class condition:
street work all done; easy ttrms can - be ar-
ranged. _¦ . ..
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, .'
400 Tenth st.. near Broadway. Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY^ • ¦ ¦ : ' - -" ~
Pretty homes, new and modern, .flve to
«-Ight rooms, with every convenience; Jateet
1) Y a * )lu , mbine: '<*¦ 40 feet front (or more,
if desired); lawns ;> none' walks ar.d street
work complete; moderate ¦ prices and easy
terms; Vacant 40-foot lots $800 to $1000;
very desirable In every respect; .near school
and churches and two. electric line* ; ele-
vated ground: Merrimac or. Twenty-eighth
-; st.-. between Telegraph ave. and Grove st.
Fee W. T. HARRIS. - on the premises or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 480 Tenth St.. Oakland.
'. mother ' of ' Mr».' ¦Alice Petgret. a native , of
.-.-¦' Illinois, -aged 51- years. ¦•¦¦'.¦¦'- . . ' - 1 : -
FANNING— In ; Berkeley, '", March 21, : : 190i\
.George .W.'- Fanning, beloved: nephew, of Mrs.'
Sadie de -Lorme.i.a native" of. Providence,"
- 'R. I.," aged 43 years.' ,:¦:¦'-. ;. .'. :
¦;¦'*' GTNotlce of i funeral hereafter.^- -...
FITZGEUALD-^-In*;this' city?, March 1902,
•; Thomas.-, beloved ¦ husband of Johanna Fitz-
", gefald,", and . father of Thomas H., and Agnes
,.:-FItzgerald,:Mrs. P. B. Buckminster and Mrs.,
. R. ¦ P. • Nelson, a', native of C6unty Tipperary,
..Ireland, aged > 72 years.; -¦:?-. ¦ . . ¦•-:! W
- ¦ ftyFriends " are rerpectfully Invited lo at-
; tend;; the ; funeral- to-day ¦ (Saturday), at . 0
o'clock, from, his i late ' residence. 1010V5 : Lar-
, kin -, street, ¦ thence to . St. - Mary's Cathedral.
¦ where a requiem mass- will, be celebrated ¦ for
the -repose', of his. soul at 9:30' o'clock.' : In-
terment Holy Cross "Cemetery, ftr-
FITZGERALD— In the City . and ¦ County Hos-
: pltal, March 21, 19<», , Thomaa Fitzgerald,, a
-native of; Ireland, aged 43,'years.
HARRIS — In thU city, March 17, 1902, Charles
: North , Harris, . a native of; New* York, . aged
• 02 years ¦ 6 months ; and 1 14 days. : A .member
: of Lincoln Post No. 1,: G., A. R. .'
i - tCTTrlenda and>acquaintances are respect-
¦ ¦ fully -Invited :to attend the' funeral Sunday,
.at -2. 'o'clock,': from As.tembly Hall, Pioneer
, building. . Interment . Cypress Lawn ; ; Qeme-
.- tery.- .: ¦ • ' ¦-¦ -. •¦ ¦•. - -..-. _' -. "¦¦ . *.
HARRISON— In thls","clty,"" March 19, . 1902.
'„ Caroline A.; beloved : w"ife of William . H.
, Harrison, and, devoted ..mother of \ Myrtle
Harrison,- and devoted slster.:of Jennie and
¦ Gertrude . Butler,*, a ' native "of ; San Francls;o.
aged 2S L years 1 month and 4 days., '.."'_:-.¦¦
All -is» dark fwithln- our. dwelling; - ' •
. Lonely^ are . our : hearts to-day. '. • !" ,
• For the one we loved so dearly''
y ' ' ; Has forever ; passed away. .
, - [ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
;, -. , fully invited to 1 attend the funeral Saturday,
March 22,. at 9 o'clock, from, her late" resl-
; dence, 21. Zoe street, thence to St. Rose'a
. Church, .where a solemn requiem hiKh mass
..will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.'¦; commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy-
¦ Cross Cemetery. - . . - . .
HELMHOLZ— In this city, March 21, 1902,
Catherine, beloved wife, of Edward. Helm- '
holz,' and mother of. Henry Helmholz,' .a na-
- tive of Oldenburg, Germany, aged 48 years
•:. I)., months. and :1, day. ..'¦'•-',• ---•/.
JACOBS— In this city. March 19. 1902, at hU
residence. 326 : Haight street, Nathan, be-
loved-husband' of Delia Jacobs (nee Henner-
berry), and father of Will Jacobs, a native
of Sacramento, aged 44 years and 9 months.
A member of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, ! B.
. P. O. E.rP.C. C. T. Association, and Gold-
'enGate Council,. U.-C.-T. *.-— . .-' - -
"•"¦. IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect. -
¦¦-.: fully Invited- to attend' the funeral ¦' Saturday,
at 1:15 o'clock, from his late residence, 326
*~ Halght street, thence to Elks' Hail, 223 Sut-
ter street, where • the ; funeral .will be held
under the auspices of San Francisco vLodge
No. 8.VB. P. O.> v Elks,^commencing' at 2
..o'clock. Interment private. •_¦¦.- ¦ -. . •
LEVY^-In this ; city,' March 20, 1902, at 6 :20
. , p. m., . Schewa Levy, beloved wife of ¦ H. M.
Levy, and mother of Mrs. - Sol Loeb.' a 1 native
of Westphalia, aged 69 years 1 month and 17
days. .'•- ¦ \ .^ .-. -r • .' :¦ ¦: , '/" -. .-". .
K^FriehJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 -o'clock, from her .late
resldence,\ 1303 Franklin street. Cremation
private 'at Cypress Lawn^ Cemetery, ' by spe-
cial ¦ train " leaving -Third and Townsend
¦streets at : 11:45 o'clock. • - . 7 .'
McDERMOTT— In this . city, March 19. 1002.
.'Mary A.' J.. beloved *wlfe of Michael Mc-
Dermott. and grandmother of -William Frank, '
Mrs. Mary Wagoner and Mrs. ' Rose MeDer-
mott, a • native ; of Germany, aned 82 years
': and 3 months; w *' ' ' . ¦
CTFrlends and . acquaintances are respec f -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her Mate
residence, 5-« Clipper street,, between Dla-
¦ mond and Douglass. - thence to . St. ¦ Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her : soul. . coni-
"mencirg at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross
. Cemetery. •• J.'i^i--.-, :.¦.'.-:« ' :
McDONALD-^In ' this " city, I March 19. 1902,
'John* Edward, ¦' beloved son _of James' and
' /Mary McDonald, beloved husband of Hannah
and- father of Lottie. Edward and Bernard"
McDonald., and- brother of. Mrs. G. McNer-
• ney. Mrs. T. ¦ Sullivan. Mrs. W. Whorff. Mrs.
-.¦ A. McGuire and Bernard, • James and Joseph
-McDonald,' a native of San Francisco, aged.
, J>5 years- and: 2 months.' ¦¦ , -•¦ . *:
• E^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 0:45 o'clock, from his late ' residence, 30
Bruce, place, : thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services. . Interment -Holy Cross' Ceme-
.tery. ¦ \ . ' • . ' .
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, March 20, 1902.
•.Margaret McLaughlin. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of ths late Charles and Ann McLaughlin.
loving sister of Mrs. Ann Gallon, and aunt
of James, Charles, William and-'Francis Gal-
lon, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
36 years. .'• -. * -• - ';. ;! ¦?'.'*'.?.'. '.,.••
.> (GTRemalns at the parlors of Valente,
Marlnl & j Co., 1524 Stockton street. - ' -
McMULLIN— In Tiburon. March 21, 1902.
Thomas F.,.son of Bridget and the late John
McMullln. and -brother of W. J., G. H. and
the late J. E. McMullln and Mrs. J. C. Hob-
' son, : a ¦ native Of San Francisco, aaetl 32
years '4 months ' and, 1 : day. ' ¦ -¦ -
MAILLIAUD— In this city,' March "21, 1902,
Cora, daughter of the late Adolph and Anne
. E. Mallllard, a native of Bordentown,* N. J..
. (New York and Bqrdentgwn. -N. J.,. papers
please copy.) ' : •:, •¦¦ . . - ;
MEININGER— In this city, March * 21, 1902.
•' Hannah, beloved wife < of Louis Melnlnger.
mother of Benno. . Simon, . Leo, ' Carrie,
Minna ' and Dora Melninger, a ¦ native of Ba-
varia, aged 63 years 7 months and 21 days.
• ' C?"Friends and- acquaintances -are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral -to-morrow
(Sunday), at'0:45 o'clock, 'from her late resi-
dence,, 2C04 California- street. Interment at
'Home, of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
OTIS— In Redlands, March 20, 1002, John J-..
beloved son of Thomas T. and the late Annie
• Otis, and loving brother of Thomas L., Wil-
liam P., James F.,. Elizabeth I.. EUa L.,
. Joseph.' W.; Frances C and. Annie G. Otis
¦ and . Mrs. William McWilliams. a native of
New Jersey, aged 26 years 2 months and 20
¦ ¦¦ days. ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦' . ¦ ¦ ¦ . v .
-.' tnS'Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-roortow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock. /r-«m the parlors of
.Carew-,& Knellsh. 29 • .Van Ness avenue,
¦ therce to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for
"services. '> Interment? Holy Cross Cemetery.
TAMALPAIS Camp No. 427, W. O. W., are
requested to "attend the funeral of our late
neighbor, John J. Otis.
¦¦¦¦¦¦ '¦¦•-- f. Mcelroy, c. c. : '
¦ ' A. G. GILSON,* Clerk. ' (
RIDLEY— In this . city.. March , 19, . 1902. . Ellen
A. Jgidley, a native of England, . aged"- 59
. ¦¦' years. .•¦¦'.' C --¦..-.¦-¦• -j ..¦ - • ¦..;.¦. .
(C?"Funeral services Saturday, at 1 o'clock,
at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mis-
sion street, j? Interment private. :
SHIELDS— In this' city, March 21, 1902, Mary,
beloved wife of JoseDh Shields,, and mother
. ' of Rcse;Mary Shields, a ¦ native of County
- Limerick. . Ireland, aged 37 years 6 months
: and 9 days.- .•.•„'¦ , , .;-.>¦' . •. .- • .
¦ • (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
T fully Invited to attend the funeral! to-morrow
(Sundty), • at. 12:30 .o'clock, - from her, late
residence, 707 ¦ Clementina street, thence to
St.' Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.' " '
SLEVIN— In, this city, March" 10. 1902. Agms
Beatrice, beloved daughter of Thomas B. an.l
MaryE. Slevln. and sister of George E. and
'Thomas - P. Slevln. a native of San. Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 1 month knd 7 days. . •- •
,(C7"The funeral will take nlace to-day
.• (Saturday).- at 10;30 o'clock, from- the 'rest-'
[ dence of her Darents, 2755 Harrison street.
.' Interment private. . ; . T.r -.
SPEAR— In this city, March 20, 1902, Gus-
. tavus Laneford Spear, a native of San Fran-
.'. Cisco, aged 18 years 0 . months and 24 days.
E5*Funerar and .interment- private. '
TAMONY— In this city, : March 21, 1902. Fran- 1
els M..'- beloved son of Peter and. Hannah
Tamony,' a native , of San . Francisco, , aged ' 2
."'years 4 months and 7 'days. :v • ¦-. . ¦
TOMLINSON— In ' this-Vclfj-,* March' 21. 1002
Cora E.'Tomlinspn of Saratoga, Cal. -.:
WARREN— In this city, March 20. 1902 Mar-
. garet, beloved wife , of . Richard Warran, and
" mother of ; Richard,- Joseph, John; : Thomas
Lizzie, Maggie j and the late Minnie .Warren
.- a -native; of County Limerick/ Ireland, aged
-• ; 42 years. ¦;¦-.' , ,' . .-.,.. I .-.;.., ...
(C^Friend8 and acquaintances /are respect-
fully ; invited to attend the funeral to-day
- (Saturday),* at 8 .30 o'clock, from her : late'
- residence, 720 Tebama street. -thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the. repose of. her soul
• at 9;o' clock.' .Interment Holy Cross: Ceme-
":-,ter>v.>r ¦"".--¦' . .".. ; ' ¦¦;, ."¦:"•-
WENRICK— In this city; March 19, 1902, I G"
¦Wenrlck. a native of Ohio, 'aged ¦ 41 years
• A ' member • of Presidio Lodge No." 334, • I. o'
O. F. • \\-2*t&Be&*&*i38Mp%i-: • . -
(CrRemnlr.8 can be viewed to-day (Satur-
!day), at the parlors of theCalifornla Under-
::taklns .Comrnny,\.405 , Powell " street, near
: Post, f until. 3:30, 11. ; m. Interment, at .Brad-
• J ford,- Ohio'. v-. -'¦;.-::•;/.'¦ . ¦ r • . ¦ ¦
WOLFARTH— In this city. March 20. 1902"
Margarethe. beloved wife "of the late. John
Wolf arth; devoted mother ¦ of Mrs; F. . Wei-
' man, . and ¦ grandmother of .Frank and Emma
!"i;Weiman, a native of .Wurtembersr. Germany
aged 54 years ! 7 1 months , and 23 days. ...
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend -the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),^ at 12:30 .o'clock/- from her late
¦ residence, 1342' Pacific 'street, between Hyde
and. Leavenworth, -thence 'to German M.»E.
' Church, Broadway, '- between ¦ Stockton V and
Powell, ¦ where ' services - will be held, . com-
mcnclng at'l o'clock. - Interment Mount OH-
,'.vet Cemetery.-: :-"v ~t<: <«¦?.,¦ - , .-. ;. .;
EASTEf? NOVELTIES.
|07^WELLS^^ELUS^f5bSg:MEMBERS OF GOLDEN GATE I
CHAPTER'S •, COMMITTEE , IN';. I
CHARGE- OF FOLLY PARTY. j
MayhelKnbwlton, . a San^Quentin • con
vict, cannot force the. Prison; Directors: to
order his * release before 'the expiration of
his sentence, .- according - : to ; the \ decision
of the Supreme Court. rendered yesterday.
Knowlton had received the requisite nurn
ber. of . credits to entitle ¦ him ? to his free
dom before' the -term 'of ; his -sentence
pires,, but «the. directors decided- that ••'he
must complete: his term.. .... .... . v-
Must Serve Sentence.
. • Father \ M.. J. 'Otis, C. 's. P.'.' was pre
sented with" a' gold, watch last night in"
the parlors /to old St. Mary's
Church. 1 -This was- in recognition of his
work in aid of the acquirement ' of St
Mary's Square. The - watch bears .this
inscription : "From ¦< His , Friends i of ; San
Francisco." • ¦ • - , ¦•:.-. .. ' '.•.-. v--" . •.. * : : -
Among those present were Rev, Fathers
Wyman, Doherty,«r Moran, McNicol-and
Torke; Harry.. -. Creswell, . Thomas ' J.
Welsh, Llewellyn J. .Wattson.% Charles
Wesley .Reed,, Fred C. Boden and George
D. Shadburne. .¦-,-¦...,'¦.,
Father Otis made a brief .but 'happy re
sponse and : a banquet followed. , ¦:> . , -.
I Gave > Watch/i to Father Otis.
Mrs. Dora 'Schwarting,':: midwife, .510
;Eddy: street, was' acquitted 'by a^Jury. in
Judge" Cook's; court>iyesterday afternoon
>on the charge of,, cruelty to a minor child.
Mrs. Schwarting. was arrested for severe
ly chastising Annie-Keller;:agJrl:10 .-years
of. age leftin .¦¦her* rare, on August<9>and'
10 last. She was- tried a [jury in
Judge. Mogan's; court,. convicted and 'sen
tenced to pay a fine of $100. A. P.' Black
her attorney, appealed on j the ground I of
misdirection the 'Jury " and r <¦- other
grounds, and . Judges,;, Cook, • Lawlor and
•Dunne, ' sitting £ in , bank, granted c her ; a
. new, trial, which tookplace yesterday.be
fore: a jury'in 'Judge? Cook's court. The
Jury wasout about a half-hour .
Dora SchVarting Acquitted.
¦¦•^The/dignity of the United States district'
Court; was .unwittingly' outraged •¦yester-^.
day" morning: , by a smooth-faced ' boy r > who
; made -a motion ' in the ¦ bankruptcy^ case'
of • E\-a Gutierrez. It appeared later, that
lie , was a clerk for the law flrmJof 'J.;1?V
Riley/and Crittenden Thornton; . and \had •
been: sent to the; court to .make the'ino
-tlon on their behalf. , Judge ¦' de . Haven's
Alaskan, glare sent a 'r. glacier i. thrill
through the. frozen veins of ,the unfortun
ate youth as he asked in ice cutting-tones
whether. the iyoung man^had been admit
ted to practice -in the United States Dis
trict Court. -Upon I the terrified youth re
plying" In the negative Judge deHaven^re
marked\that it was contempt of court for
a'person.to make a motiftnin that co.urt
who;,had'not been admitted .to practice
there. > Then the mercury fell to ( sixty de
grees ."below 'zero when,: his -Honor : re-'
marked :thatVit; was. also, a contempt* of
court for. an attorney to send his clerk on
such an ¦; errand?" 'Messrs... Thornton . and
Rlley appearedf later ; and made 'suitable
apologies. - It was, the 'practicerthey said.
,in ;the; State' courts- f or> mere -clerks to
make motipnsfor'law firms, and. they had
not intended any.dlsr^espect;,- they said,
.when -they , sent .their , ybuhg man I to the ;
-court. ' ¦ . .v.'.^-.rv ...';; -. . . • •>
The -'apology.; was* accepted 'wfth becom
ing dignity,, and" law. clerks 4"n future Lwlll
'go away .-back . and t si t j down -when they I
.find themselves'iWithin., the -august cnvl- '
ronment of a court. r .
The members of the Charities Associa
tion met yesterday afternoon •• In • their
rooms at C06 Montgomery street. The aft
ernoon was devoted to the) subject of a
new committee which has been appointed
by the joint Charities Associations. The
committee Is composed of two members
cf the Charities Association, Osgood Put
r.am and Miss Pelxotto; three members
cf the Merchants* Association, John F.
Merrill. Horace X>a\is and Andrew M.
Darts; and two members of the Charities
a* Large. Herbert M. Lewis and Father
T>. O. Crowley. wohn T. Merrill Is presi
dent and Osgood Putnam \ico president.
Th« sum of (6000 was set aside to meet
the yearly . expenses of the Charities
Comxnittee Will Bai&© Funds.
ON the night of the last day of
March- Golden Gate Chapter of
the Order of the* Eastern; Star.
; themother chapter of the order
!n this State, will give a "folly.'',
party In. Golden Gate. Hal}. , Novel ideas
of decoration, will bot introduced. The
party is to be a fancy' dress masquerade,
and the committee in charge gives th«
assurance that it will be one of the most
successful . functions .' that this chapter
has ever -given. • Th* committee haa In
%-lew ihe.idea,; of, making. the affair an.un
usually novel -one, arid.it will strive to
outdo any previous effort. The merry
makers- will retain^ their masks until-11
o'clock, alter which all present may. then
take part- in the dances. ;¦. .
Th« committee In'. charge is composed
of Mrs.- Kathrine : C-. Johnson, Mrs. A. -S.'
Hubbard. Mrs. Clara S. Foltz. Mrs.-Kate
Harker.' Mrs. .'A. Terson. "Miss- Louise
Stevenson, Miss . Daisy Pabst, Miss -E.'
DelnJnger, Miss Adah Linne, and Messrs.'
H. Schumacher. A. Roberts,' J. Mitchell,'
\V. N., Brunt,' W. Irvin and Dr. M. Seely.
This party has aroused considerable in-
FEDERAL COURTS
ARE DIGNIFIED
T^ ...... ; . ~ . . . — : —^T— ; : 7»
terest- in. Eastern Star circles, and it .is
probable that the majority of the mem
bers of -the other local J chapters will, en
courage the party, by their presence. It
is said that many .of ..the members of the
chapters on the other side of the bay will
attend on that night.; ....:.
Labor Candidates Continue to . Loss
Votes and Chances of Success
Are Slim.
The Labor party candidates in the
Supervisorial recount continued to lose
votes yesterday, while Alpers gained in
proportion. Xlne precincts were counted
yesterday, the Tenth of the Thirty-second,
the First and Fifth of the Thirty-fourth,
the Sixth and Twelfth of the Thirty-fifth,
and the Eleventh, Fourteenth, Fifteenth
and Sixteenth of the Thirty-sixth.
Reagan lost 48, Walsh 60. Coghlan 47,
while Alpers loet 32 and Eggers ZS.
The standing of the candidates is as
follows:
Official Lc*» Present
count. to date, standing.
Alpers 15.940 1353 U.l%1
Bent 1M12 1205 14.817
XCrrers 15.953 1890 14.&63
"Wilson.... 16.517 1201 .15.316
Corhlan 15.688.' 1063 14.C23
Reagaa 15.<34 1093 14.341
"WaJsh IS.8S« " 1091 14.795
1'lnn 15.595 1072 14,523
SUPERVISOR A T,PERS IS ' >V:
GATTTER IN THE RECOUNT
pending: an Investigation Into the death
of Eujrene J. McCarthy, was formally
charged with manslaughter last ntght.
The complaint was based on the verdict
cf .the Coroner's Jury, which found that
McCarthy met his death by being run
over by car No. 10 of the Sutler Street
Company, at Ninth and Folsom streets,
after being knocked down by. some party
or parties unknown. The testimony
¦ rhowed that Eugene and Dan McCarthy
said John Cahill had engaged in a fi^ht,
and in view of this the jury decided that
Oahill was "guilty" of involuntary man
slaughter. Dan McCarthy, who was ar
xested at the same time as Cahill, was
discharged.
Some evidence was introduced tending
to show that others might iiave been en
gaged in the tight which ended in Mc-
Carthy's death, but there remained con
siderable doubt as to the identity of the
man who actually delivered the blow
which 6ent the dead man beneath the car.
John Cahill Held Responsible for
Death of Eugene J. Mc-
Carthy.
John Cahill, who has been held at the
.City Prison since the night of March 16,
70KKALLY CHARGED
WITH TVT A Tf SL ATJGHTEB
A preposition Is on foot to'effect.a. com
bination of .the Quincy," Daily West and
Anchor mines, which. are reported' to be
the three largest and richest silver and
lead producers of Utah. Although the
deal has not yet assumed a definite shape.
It is expected that It will be consum
mated within the next week- W. S. Mc-
Corrolck, representing the Daily West
mine, is at the Palace Hotel. He has
traveled all the way from Utah to. treat
with Keith & Ferrel, the representatives
of the Quincy mine. X".'-*-'\-V .'
When seen lost night McCormick was
loth to say anything about the proposed
combination, but he admitted that, 'the
corporations that control the mines' in
question were considering the advisabil
ity of euch a step. He said that the-ob
ject of the combination would be to- settle
certain disputes that had arisen between
the Quincy and Daily West .companies.'
McCormick stated that if- the mines were
not consolidated or 'some other adjust
ment made a legal controversy . would
likely ensue. As the mines represent "a
value of several million dollars, a strenu
ous effort will be made to prevent them
from becoming embroiled in any. expen
sive lawsuits.
The Quincy, Daily West and Anchor
mines are 1 situated at Park City, Utah.
W. S. McCormick Comes
With Proposition for .
Consolidation. •
Quincy, Daily West and
Anchor Lodes May
Be Combined.
HOPES TO UNITE
MINES OF UTAH
"FOLLY" WILL BE THE QUEEN
AT EASTERN EASTERN STAR MASQUERADE
Golden Gate Chapter of the ;'Grder Is -Preparing to Give; a -Fancy
: Dress Ball, at Which Many Unique Gost^
Novel Decorations of' the Hall -Will :; Be ] 0he?of {the Features
DUNCAN MUST
PAY PENALTY
Jury Finds Him Qiiilty
; onHhe 'Charge of
Murder. ¦
Last of Rice's Slayers Is
Convicted of Brutal
Assassination.
Aiter an hour's .deliberation the Jury
in the^case of- Edward Duncan, charged
with complicity in ', murdering George. W.
Rice, on the night of October II," returned
1 a .verdict last evening finding the defend
ant guilty of murder in the second de
gree. ¦ - ¦ . ¦ - .'.¦¦¦
-This makes the fourth conviction in this
case. . All of, the" men r accused of the
crime were, found 'to be implicated. liice
was a non-union machinist employod at
the Golden State and Miners' Iron Wor£s,
'237 -First 'street.; On the evening of Octo
ber llhe left his place of employment and
boarded < a Howurd-street. car on | his ' way
home." .; According -to the'., theory ''of the
prosecution he was' followed- by .William
Buckley. Thomas 'Moran, Charles. Don
nelly and Edward Duncan,' who intended
killing him. They boarded the same car,
and when . ho descended at Twenty-llrst
fctreet to go to hl« home they left the car
and strucK him down in the street. While
he was prostrate one of the men, claimed
to be Buckley, flred five shots into Hire's
body, from which tie died in a fow hours.
Buckley was convicted of murder in the
first degree and Is now awaiting sentence.
Moran was found guilty of murder in"the
first degree, with punishment fixed by the
jury at life imprisonment. Donnelly, like
Duncun, was convicted of murder in the
second degree with a prior conviction of
felony.' • ; ,
The prosecution claimed that • Duncan
was the man who watched Rice leave the
iron works and signaled to the. other. men
that the. victim was aboard the. car. He
was, shown to have been present when
Rice was shot, but claimed to have been
collecting at a grocery store at Shotwell
and .Twenty-first streets when the murder
occurred. This testimony was • contra
dieted ; .by the proprietor of the grocery,
'vho said Duncan , had . not been at his
place of; business that evening. .
.Duncan, expressed himself as confident
cf acquital during the entire trial and
seemed, not particularly concerned re
garding his position. When "he first
learned that he was wanted for the crime
he gave himself up. , ¦
F. H. WHEELAN IiECTTITRES
AT • GOL1>EN OATE HALL
Says Bessemer's Invention Was the
teenth Century.
Greatest; Discovery; of the Nine-
The lecture of the Unity Club, .which
will reorganize on April 1, was' held at
Golden Gate Hall 'last night. The lecture
was . delivered by. F.'.H. Wheelan. His
subject was "Thes Greatest Invention of
the Nineteenth Century.'" The speaker
explained the rude life of the ancient Ro
mans-and told; of the' great number of
years that elapsed before the ; people
awoke to : the fact ; that Improvements on
the old ways were a necessity. He then
spoke of the great Inventors' and their
inventions,. eliding with an explanation of
Bessemer's method of making hard steel
cheaply..^ This, he called the greatest in
vention, of < the: nineteenth century. •'. .
Mr. Wheelan closed his lecture by say
ing: "Blot out Bessemer's Invention and
you would put the world back fifty years."
Bessemer's invention is a benefit to all
humanity."^ ,
.Mr. Wheelan also spoke of the small
percentage of ¦ inventions of the other
preat countries as compared with those of
the United States.
THEvSAy- FRANCISCO; CAL 2 -
14
ADVERTISEMENTS. . : J_
Ms>fl yjg^ SSS BtFm fgfi| 'SntS53
nBflB^A KHf^^aP , -^^s^ fBVl wSmvEl v^3%k
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY-MONDAY— TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 24 lbs.$l.(HL
Extra Dry. Market will advance. ;T
EASTERN SUGAR CURED HAMS, lb.. 1 3c
• . I> Eros." Erand. Kejr. 14c
FAIRBANKS' .GOLD DUST, 3-lij. pgk..l5c
Special Gbld Dust. Sat. Only.
LENNOX SOAP, 8 cakes 25c
Special Request. Reg. 6 for 23c
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen I7&
• Gathered Daily. ¦• Reg. 20c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, sq - 37i3
One Square 40c. Reg. COc. ¦
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Special, sq.42Sc
One Square 45o. - R-c. 55c.
NEW MILD CAL CHEESE, ID..;...l2Jc
Res.- 20c lb.
MOCHAand JAVA (Our Best) COFFEE, l&.25c
Our patrons and friends say w» have the
best coffae In the city. Reg. S5c lb.
SWEET WINES, Vintage 1892, ql. bot.25c
Port. Sherry. Muscatel, Tokay.
Angelica. Reg. 40c and SOc bot.
6i!irardelli r s Ground Chocolate, Mb cao.25c
Res. SOc can.
NEW IMPORTATION TEAS, 6 kinds, lb,40c
Reg. 60c and T5c lb.
CREAM FUKE MUSH, 10 lbs .-25c
Rer. 8 lbs. 25c. •
McBRAYER WHISKEY, quart bottle. . .85t
" Old Sour Mash, distilled from •elected'? %»
grain and la absolutely pure. \
Reg. $1 15. By the gaL. 13; Reg. $4.
MUSHROOMS, F.LECOURT, can.... 22 2 c
• Imported from France. ¦ Reg. 30c.
EXTRA SUGAR CORN, 3 cans... ....25c
aillman's Brand. • Reg." 2 for 23c
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, Mb. can-- - .20c
Res. 23c.
IMPORfEO CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb. bar. -25c
Virgin Brand. Rejr.; 30c.
MAGARONI, SPAGHETTI, box .-20c
Vermicelli. Res. ,25c.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb. sack- 80c
Res. S>Oc.
Eastern Buckwheat Flour, IO-Iq. sack 25c
OUR COUNTRY. CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage .of . these "special"
talcs. We shlo free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly Brice list— free.
1 348-1334 MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh." . Phone S.' 202. No Branch Stores.
- Beklns Van ; and Storage Co. Packing, mov-
ing and shipping at' lowest rates. C30 Market. *
16 -A .GREAT.- RESTORATIVE. v INVIGOKa-
tor and Nervine.V •: -; ?.>*: .. .v ¦_¦,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor , the - Sexual : Organs. • for both soxes. • -.
:' The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys.'and -Bladder: '.Sells on -Us own -merits. •
NABER.ALFS & BRUNE." Agents,
•)IJ3 Market «.. B.T.- (Send tot Circular*,)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
©iariiiiana Bitters
HM WARNING
I'lr&r*'; ;to the ;PUBLic ! }> f
. . MR; GEORGE MATERLE. the GermantEx-.
port- Optician, who has been established at 1071
MARKET STREET nearly five years, ', Is In no
vray connected; with a party, who. opened 'next
door.', to ' him ; and ." calling • themselves ¦ "Mayerle
&"Co." Remember GEORGE MATERLE has
not moved.' Ha. is- 1 still 'at -1071 * MAKKETj
STREET. ': When wishing to consult Mr. MayerU
INSIST., upon -seeing - Mr. George . Mayerle
PERSONALLY. , - \ • -
A -¦ CROWN '.on.: every * window ? Indicates
GEORGE MAYERLE'S place. ENTRANCE
1071. r. . : :._¦ ;:¦/ _ • : . . : -. .; . ;
Office Chief of Police.
. '.'It; gives me niuch' pleasure Ito recommend Uo
the public Mr.," GEORGE. Mayerle of San Fran- '
. Cisco/.''. I • have been ' using ' glasses .for . the past
f ouTr years, '• and -: during . that' time t have ' con- :
suited' several opticians. , but not until -I con-
sulted Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and; had him fit
glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most 1 ? respectfully.',. • J. = H.> ANDERSON, " \ i !
* 1 *• -' '¦¦ Sergeant of ' Police, ' San Francisco. - : I
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Flvo Cents a Bottle.
I^SFOR OVER SIXTY- YEARS W^
AN OLD^ANDAWEmTRIED REMEDY;
MRS. : VVINSLOyV'3 eoOTIIING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY .YEARS br
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS.' a IT : SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
tb* GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC.:, and la the - best • remedy - for DIAR-
RHOEA. ; Sold ; by, Druggists In everx part of
the world. B» «ur« and aak for .;
MRS; • ; SOOTHINQ h SYRUP
-'Under the Instructions received by mall
there was .nothing left tor> Socci to do
¦but get his pictures out of , the, Appraiser's
clutches the best way he could.- Walter
M Castlo and W. H. Wolf went his sure-
ties for $8100. covering the duties and ex-
penses, and it Is, expected that the paint-
ings will be released some time to-day. .
; . 'This merely releases -the paintings on
the proposition that they.will.be returned
to the Philippines within six months. In
the meanwhile John-H. .Boden. the Cus-
"tom-house broker, will *¦ take the matter
before the General Board of Appraisers of
the United 'States. ; ' . ; .
That is where Socd's troubles com-
menced. 'He did not know that on March
8 a change was made in the tariff laws.
When he went after arrival to the Cus-
tom-house to secure the. release of his
pictures he was, confronted with the fol-
lowing dispatch: ,
"... WASHINGTON. P. • C". March 15. 1902.
Collector of Customs. San Francisco: Phil-
ippine ' merchandise which arrived before 8th
inst., enlisted, free entry.-
(Signed) O. L. SPAULDING.
. -Assistant Secretary.
While Socci was on the high seas with
i his painting the following, dispatch was
received from Washington:
¦ WASHINGTON. D. C. March 12, 1002.
Collector Customs. , San Franclaco, Cal. : Act
March 8 1002." provides that on and after that
date the' same ¦ tonnage ' taxes Bhall be levied,
collected and paid upon ajl . foreign. ' vessels
coming into the United States from the Philip-
pine archipelago which are required by law
to be levied, collected and paid upon vessels
coming Into the- United States from foreign
countries. Take action accordingly. Further
Instructions ¦ by malL '• ¦ ¦
E. T. CHAMBERLAIN. Commissioner.
Socci shipped the paintings from Manila
'on March 6. On March 8, the Congress of
" the " United States passed a special, bill
taxing certain commodities 20 per cent ad
valorem. The pictures came under a par-
ticular classification. When Socci chipped
them by the regular route of freight from
the >Philippine Islands to San Francisco
: he knew nothing of the newly imposed
special duty. " . . . .
. Th« pictures, which represent the cap-
. ture of ' Manila by the American forces
and are 'historical representations . of the
events that then occurred, were shipped
to the United States for exhibition pur-
poses. ¦ ¦'.'¦.-"¦." ¦
ffocd mad© his necessary declarations at
the Custom-house, but appraisers
held them fox payment of $3000 duty. The
duty was arbitrarily imposed: by reason
of the declarations made when the pict-
ures were shipped to San Francisco. It
was necessary, for. Socci to place a valua-
tion on the pictures, and the first figures
that came into his head were used.
A peculiar point .In the recent changes
in the tariff laws relating to the Insular
! possessions of the United States -was de-
veloped yesterday at the Custom-house,
'when D. A. Socci. an art dealer ot Manila,
i endeavored to secure the release of two
mammoth paintings of the battle of Ma-
nila.* which he broughtto this country for
. exhibition purposes.
BIG PAINTINGS
11E TROUBLE
ll|Bffil|ilillgil
F^W"^ T REALIZE EASTER
1-J^V— / Y %^Jr\J IS'ALMOST HERE?
You do. : ' Well.' then, yeu'r© thinking of CHILDREN'S EASTER HATS . or ' BONNETS. '
CONFIRMATION DRESSES, ELEGANT NOVELTIES of the season In ' WOMEN'S
". WAISTS, NECK RUFFS, HOSIERY, etc. ' We : have' prepared ¦ to please you. and to-day
have on display all. the correct styles for the summer, which EASTER. ushers In. '.
CONFIRMATION DRE^^E^ O, NOVELTIES IN NECK RUFFS.
We'll describe Just one, but. there's hun- '• Frenchy creations in black and white or
fired* of others., ;¦ ' . . Bolld : black . or white in aecordeon plaited
CJQ Ys IT; For --FINE QUALITT OR- • chiffon or liberty silk.- full length or short.-
, «J>O»VVF,. GANDT DRESSES, made ; ; trimmed with niching', to match, from
with yoke -of ..allover -tucking an* In-' Jfl to J?7; worth double. ' \
>erted with fine Swiss, embroidery Inser- : _,_„,»»• '/-rv,,»iv.r^rk >w^ >>.'..>«... '
- tIon;bretelle B of wide embroidery fol- RIBEON COUNTER ATTRACTIONS.
low the yoke line and fall daintily over ; ; |/\. -for 3-rNCH WIDE FANCY
the waist portion, which pouches prettily ,Ivf^ RIBBON .worth. 16c .
. from beneath. .The skirt is extra wide and | f- n tor 4-INCH WIDE FANCY RIB-
-.' ,trlmraed with, one",row. of. embroidery In- I *J\* -BON. worth-25c
''. fi*>rtlqn . and ruffl'.s. of }Wld> ' embroider}'- f f|r» for TAFFETA SILK RIBBON.
'. ¦ .Yoke and'.walst .line and :TBle«veS:trimmfd .lUy worth 15c: ¦•- • ,
<..; with; embrpMery 1 Insertion through which |Q r for 7-INCH LIBERTY TAFFETA
. id run narrow, white satin: = ribbon t term In- ¦ Vw RIBBON, worth 33c.
;,".• atlrigHn; rdsettM:;'anyslzes. ¦:.',/ QRp v for latest thlnr In FANCY
: FIQUE-. GAPES '->Frrm Our PwnF*ctcrv. W striped ribbon, worth 40c.
'- CO^fi "For. -'¦ -CHILDREN'S "BEST IACES!!* LACE"'!
.. . flannel, made 'With 'double'.rlpple capes. g™"* . the . thln£r for the 8ty " 8^ eum «er
' ' embroK" 800 "" 1 ' trlmRie<1 wIth wlde 1 K C ' for FANCY VENETIAN LACES.
.., . emb ™ ld . e "v rMr .; ; „-,:.,___ ¦•', .. IOC an the popular colors, several pat-
•. , WOMEN S. WAISTS. " '• terns, re B ular 20c. ¦ . . ,: ¦-..¦¦¦
•'<Cf -'APZ.''- For FINE $2.00 .WHITE ! Q K f» .: for FANCY VENETIAN LACES,
• O 1 mr* O . . LAWN OR COLORED HER- . "* ** w -' Bood assortment : of patterns, all
:' -CERIZED WASHSILK WAISTS, tucked J* 8 "'"; *2S "
: and hemstitched, buttoned Iront or back; ft£>C '?, rF ANCY- VENETIAN LACES.
; .fxtraonllnary" -value. ¦ •> • V"^ ; all colors, big assortment of de-
. MUiLIN'UNliERVVEAR-Gcwn Special. 'KHr'"^lNCT Venetian lace^.
»QQ/-» •' To-day^ for 'choice, of. 4 styles In- -OXr** > 2 '4 inches wide, several patterns,
j t/OW regular"$l:25 CAMBRIC GOWNS. - ¦ . all colors, regular. 75c.
-'..• fin* material, :hlsh or low/ neck.' trimmed . ¦- On. sale 'at a. reduction r»f 25 p«r cent.'
.. .'with tucks, and fine laces or embroidery. ' all the, better trade* In- VENETIANS' up
. ..'•...:. -DRAWERSPEcru. t0 ' 2yard ',,,v rtn CT c,,.
zlQr»- r <r' choice of- different styles in -.'•.<;' "i C v 'I J I LOR ET> 1 1 1 , ( ,. r . •.
T"O^ regular C5c . WOMEN'S T5RAW- '- TU1TBLE DOWN PRICES, but lour -old
ERS,. made with, deep ruffle and trimmed. .guarantee stands, firm — money. refunded I or
¦ wlth> wide linen .torchon lacs and Inser- :' a. new corset given'after 30 days' wear If
t ion. to. match. • •' . . <¦ .¦•:-' »; i-.' . not satlsfactorj-, , on ¦ all corsets from 50c
.: •v,98c-lWRAPPER?:-98c. • ,: upward.^ VoJdaY' - '
-FROM OUR'.' OWN 7 FACTORT— 10 dozen . > _el ;-'l' r ii^,,.l nfC-rllJ^/. v.-. ¦• '-- : --
BEST FERULE .just re- ' p^ J°Z ~^}!r -^ ?S^ '
i. celved. , waiBHand .sleeves lined, trimmed ¦ "S« \Z rp^f.i»r '«1 S.
I with, braid and flouncea. worth .» QO r '"ii^f f or r^lfi«r il M ' &
V$1.60-w 9 nX : . aS t^ng^. t ., v . ««C , ; jljg .tor «-|«« ; 25 Corsets. .
X '^. ~ UNDERSKIRTS/;. - , ; SIJIO for regular «1.75 Corsets.
.,£»»>. To-daV for :NEAT. BLACK SAT- -fl.TR for regular J2. 00 Corsets..
/OtJC'EEN "SKIRTS;- three ruffles, reg- ;- S2.OO for regular $2.60 Corsets. '•
* •¦*; ular ?1.00. '•='¦". " ¦" ¦ •" ¦' ; s ' SPECIAL— 25 per cent off on all hlgher-
' '«t 1 ' 1 PZ.' : - ' To-day for BLACK MERCER- . priced Corsets. s^dragfljteKggSagWSSgJ^S
;.,fl>l.lt)- IZED SATEEN ; SKIRTS. ,V^ I OOK ! ? HOSIERY iPFflAI
¦.- " lined, made with ruffles,. regular $1.75.- , ¦ L ", '^^ ,5 „.«»;
-.aooks^.K^snk.^dTegu,ar, y at;* 2 .*0. 1^
» ,' >,. DRESS 'KIRT5. " OK>. for regular 35c WOMEN'S SOLID
•'¦ Fine : -/ Materials—^-Melton- "'and Venetian , : *Ow. .BLACK OR FANCT HOSE^ v-
Cloth; SerBes.-all light welghtSummer Ma- OK r :for regular 50cWOMEN"S'SOLID
.. terials;. flounced or new,flare, tailor stitched. A»"v BLACK OR 'FANCY 'LISLE
¦or plain, black or colors. ¦ , • • v-. Hose. '..¦ •¦
.•¦- S3.5O for regular $5.00 DRESS SKIRTS. IQl r for CHILDREN'S ,20c QUAL-
.' 8S.<X) for regular $6.50' DRESS SKIRTS.. I^sV- ITY FINE RIBBED HOSE. . y
for -regular $9.00 DRESS SKIRTS. J | Q r for- 25c CHILDREN'S HEAVT
90.50 for regular $12.00 DRESS SKI RTS.-i.OjIO.V OR FINE RIBBED HOSE. _.*
, v *v> WE'RE OPEN TO-NIQHT TILL :-ll. O'CLOCK.
.v . Between Taylor -and; Jones. :•.- ¦-. ¦;¦- -
Hale's.
\T •!• More Popular > €^^^^^^^^^S^^
Veilings. ™°" f - j
these plain and fancy Chiffons, 5Oc. CT^&> ¦'SSS'i^^r'
75c, lj?l.OO yard. No wonder she /^^^'"'^
has takdn to veil* this spring. '**' MY^y
. Another char rning idea is _ the *^?*- wS^
Reversible Veil — dots black on one <^5mk*^j '^Jlr^ *
stde.-white' on- the ¦ other. 75c yard. . ' -N>^™ftffigp^_-
Complexion: Veilings, in gray ' and J??*
bltie mixed 75o yard. Fancy Malin© -^ZziSr^jzpi&^v&Z**
and Tu-xedo meshes, plain and dotted,
are strongest in black and whi'.e com- /I 5—Ic?' Hate
binations, "50c and 75c yard. VJirib 1I<*15.
O— ° —Simple, dainty.
Boys' I InHpf WPflr «?""" * — >»* low priced as they'll bo after Easter
ChHdren-, VUaQIWtidY. M.sses _ „ distinctivc
„ . , a il ¦ ~~n "Z7IJ2 as mama's, but along wholly different
Boys Balbnggan Garmehts— ¦_ HnM • So it js wc have designers who
Vests or drawers." in - dainty, blue. H- V ote • themselves solelv to fitting
. with white silk tape; sizes 24 to 31- aeyote inemsewcs soiciy io nuin o
25c. / children s face3.
/u^.(' iiuinn 9///Vc Their productions are as much
™itl™Ja""J£* *ray: ..zes. work, of a'rt as are the older hats, for
S to 15 years-60c. ..":;• women.
Misses' Vests— J h S 8 r «at variety we 11 show to-day
White, summer weight, for ffirls 3 to affords unusual opportunity to find the
12 ycara-25c. ' ¦ most becoming styles.
Women's Underwear—
Uoc— Vests, white, low necks, short
Vot-Jersey ribbed vests, cream Rabbit CanaV BOXCS
color,-hlgh necks, long sleeves, silk ¦ /
stitched, with hand crochet round 6c, 10c. 18c. -25c and 23c.
the neck and down the front. FANCY DOLLS IN EGG3— SOc.
' SOc— Balbrlggan vests, shaped, high DECOUATED EGOS— Odd deglgna. tome-
necks, long sleeves; sizes 32 to 41; thin* new— 23c. 23c. fiOc and Ji each.
ankle length: pants to match. panorama EGGS— ah crystallized. 3c.
Utk;*~ (/._y_ 1Q~ 10c. 15c. 23c. 60c. 73c. 11.
WniT9 Vests IVC- — CHOCOLATE EGGS— Made of our- cream.
With low necks, no sleeves, lace yoko a perfect imitation of the real ejr*. even
2 Inches deep back and front, fin- to the yellow centers— So each or 60o doz.
Jsherl at the top with deep lace. SMALL BIRD EGGS-rAraorted, 29c a lb.
Quite the thing for a fancy corset EGG-SHAPED CANDT BOXES — Hand-
cover, lomely decorated, can be filled with Easter
Q Q candy. 83c and SOc each.
Cotton Shirt Waists.
They are here in plentiful variety— airy and stylish. The new feature this
spring is the full blouse front, so full it even falls over the belt. Stripes and
solid colors mostly; the white is very popular. That's why we have
Hosts of White Waists
as low as $1.25 (with embroidery trimming down the front) and on tip to
all-over embroidery ones at $4.75. \ -< r ¦ * : -U ¦'-"'
We'll make quite a stir to-day with PERCALE 3 WAISTS, 50c AND
75c, . §triped and corded,' in pinks, blues, with plain cuffs and stock collars.
851 .25— Embroidered lawns, striped $2.45— Madras with tucked yokes.
Madras, new grass linens, linen lawns, blouse fronts buttoned on the side Du
all with that long, pouchy effect In Barry sleeves
front, long stock collar, with tie to J*arry. sleeves. .. . . -* <v- ;
match the waist, bishop sleeves and S2.75— Linens and Madras, as -w$n aa
plain cliffs. .wn.i \f^r« beautiful. -piques, with tucks running
•iitr^iVS™^."^!^^ [JJtt the^shoulderto a po,nt on the
pleat, lace In front, new sleeves and blouse. Du Barry sleeves, wide cuffs,
cuffs and tie. soft collar.
SI. 95— Bedford as well: as many styl- «.^ Tr— Whit* »it «w»^ -w,>,^»«^\. *
ish Madras and linen lawn waists. ®4.< o— White embroidered
some with tucks, embroidery Insertion waists, with wide tucks down each
j down the front, others buttoned on the side of the front, box pleat down the
side. . back, stylish sleeves, cuffs and tie.
jfgeftWfrjr n in ¦.iii'«^_, n_ ipjxjWfl mill Ji> jTQ^Tujrinj^ ¦¦ Q ' f-|
ft j£?^^&^i^^^<saa&BSiBB5tsf&^ ' ~ '^-' VTo pride ourselves on the finest and
fi m K ' H ' " 4^ 0 inost competent help we- can, find.
\%<&zJr jf _. . _^ DiKKamc A Saturday
to^f Cham Purses. KiDDons. Reminder.
i*^§i& This fad for a danrfin- v The - ribbon section la a-flutter with
/$$$!$&& I ., a flan? 1 1 i 1 "° hosts of Easter styles and as busy as It
C^S^i^ purse ha5 taken neW llfe - can be - E 1^ and ten expert bow mak-
*B*X=:-rf=^§?l It looks now as If every ers are kept steadily at work making
5@aSSS£Stf Easter maiden who is anx- bows FREE OP CHARGE— and they
WSm have'one 6
Wmm han^nTround her P neck Sunday elothe. a touch of new-
9 0 9 V 9 V We caught the spirit of It There Is the- RIBBON EOSE on a
long: ago and have sup- pin for the hair, or on a stem or on a
piled ourselves with a s P r ay for the corsage. Women are even
i splendid stock. We are f^fe^^ fe h n^ er S2h n a 0 ?
able to give you even i ose their shape, nor shade.
a 4. ->_.„ , Tb V i th « DU BABBY WREATH
At Z^C. Jjwt .being • introduced— the prutUeTT^f
*^ . lioDon creations. - W» put some In the win-
dow to-day for you to sea how tbey look.
A silver-plated chain purse But about that ribbon,
with fob class catch and a 1 Jj,;,..*-. C-*t« T~::~i 10 r a
Ions chain. It's bright and LlDertJ 3M\H lalieta 10 tCIltS.
pretty and really does add 8tj inches wide bright and very best silk
to one's afternoon outfit, with a lustrous finish to them. The most
But th«re are others: suitable of all ribbons for the necht White
COc — Sllver-pUted chain pink, cream, light blue, lilac, maize, nile
purse and chain, fancy pat- old rose, cardinal. Think of buying «ucJi
tern. shades and such a good ribbon at 13c.
$1.0O-Sllver-plated chate- fA-/Brjgr *O7
f l.OO— German- silver chate- • Mn JBil^^ -~^r^^
- lalne. original designs, neat JB» .^^^OOOO OOOO^f^
Hale's.
ROYAL
Bs^Mng Powder
Matkes Cle&n Brea^d
" With Royal Baking Powder there is no'
mixing with the hands, no • sweat of the
, brow. Perfect cleanliness, greatest facility, >
(sweet, clean, healthful food.
The ** Royal Baker aad Pastry Al-im is csed in some baking t^md"*™ and
-Cook" — containing over 8oo , In most of. the so-called phosphate pow-
tnost practical and valuable . > ders. because it is cheap, and makes a "
¦cooking receipts — free to every '¦ cheaper powder. But alum is a corrosive
patron. Send postai card - . . poison. which, taken in ' food, acts injur- . :
your full address. lously upon the stomach, liver and kidneys.
. A KOTAt ¦AMMaPOWDU CO., 100 WILLIAM ST.. NEW YORK. '- '
>•• The "most -wonderful taedlcino for alia
bronchial affections."— H ox. >Ibs.P£SKT,D
Castle Grey, Limerick, Ireland. jj
jy^ShnUe JLfJ/? jiC on «OT I,