* PARIS, April 11.— De Crals, the Minis
ter of the Colonies, has received a dis
patch confirming the report of a revolt
of natives in the Sangha district; of. the
French _ Congo. • A body of natives at
tacked the French company's factory on
the river, Sangha, murdered the manager
and burned and pillaged another factory."
The local militia defeated the rebels. 1 Re
inforcements, of Senegalese troops were
dispatcried ( to the scene of the trouble. '
. According - to advices received by : the
Journal,'. the 'natives employed , at'? the
French, factory also were massacred - and
goods valued at 150,000 , francs 1 were ? pil-'
lagedr. This report , states that the : rebels]
who are cannibals/marched later ; on 4 to
attack other factories/ and it :1s : feared
thafmany persons have been killed. ". ;
Many Crimes , and Are Defeated
• > >y Militia. < : '
Rebels Attack Factories, : Commit
FRENCH CONGO | NATIVES ;
_y REVOLT AND MURDER
/. Bauer . and his wife, who : are members
of " the Mormon ' church, came to Ana
conda from Idaho Falls about a year ago.
Bauer claimed that fcls wife deserted him
after" he had provided well for her for
several years. The wounded woman
states that her husband refused to longer
support her; that she then left his home
and that he followed her and made the
effort to kill - her before committing su>
cide.
of Double. Crime While In
sanely Jealous.
..ANACONDA. . Mont. k , April 12.— Fred
Bauer. : an employe of the Washoe smelter
of the Anaconda ' Company, In a fit of
jealousy to-night shot hla wife and then
put a' bullet through his own brain. Bauer
died almost instantly and his wife is now
at the hospital under the care of physi
cians,'who state that she has little chance
cf recovery.
Employe of a Montana Smelter Guilty
MORMON SHOOTS WIFE
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
WEISER, Idaho, April 1L-L. L. Shear
er, a Presbyterian minister who had been
a resident of this place for nearly twenty
years, committed' suicide by shooting i at
his home this morning. He had been a
sufferer from . consumption . for. several
years and had become despondent.. Shear
er was about 55 years of age. He leaves a
wife and five children.
Suffered Severely From Con
sumption Shoots Himself.
Idaho Clergyman Who Had Lono-
PRESBYTERIAN MINISTER
- TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Postmaster General Threatens to Re
sign Unless United League Is
* 9 Circumvented.
LONDON. April 11.— A dispatch to the
Pall Mali Gazette from Dublin says that
ten battalions of English and Scotch mili
tia are to be embodied and sent to Ireland
within a month. In pursuance of the Brit
tsh Government's determinatibn to apply
the coercion act. ,
The correspondent understands that
Lord Londonderry, the Postmaster Gen
eral, threatened to resign from the Cabi
net unless active measures are taken to
circumvent the United Irish League.'
TROOPS FROM ENGLAND
WILL COERCE THE IRISH
Dr; Talmege Rests Easier.
WABHINGTON, April lL-According to
the 11 o'clock statement of the physicians
there was no marked change in the con-
dition of Dr. Talmage. If anything he
was resting a trifle easier, with the pulse
a. llttle_more regular and less fever. His
condition, however, is very critical and
every hour which the particular alarming
eymptcms continue lessens the chance of
life.
>*ii^'i transpires . morning : that ' a ¦ Cabi
net council. held' yesterday,- at which' King
L'eopold; presided, it .was^decided that .-trie
disciJ[ssiori;6f T the suffrage^question'should
,bel.nxed;*for i v ''next -, Wednesday. ; , The : King
appeared 1^ to favor, a conciliatory attitude/
'r."So J far 'as \is; concerned, it is
felt* that,; the- authorities -are quite mas-
I the . situation. ';' But . should a"; gen
eral J strike j, be" i declared -and; be generally^
f bil6we*d?.which is ; considered ; doubtful , a
dange*rous* situation 1 migrit arise, as troops
wouidi be > needed everywhere. 1 and "could
not'be r massed >atj«.ny '• particular \ point. . -
'l': General; business ; In . the city, has ,been
practically ".undisturbed, by : the .disorders,
which'* are; almost '.wholly^ confined { to ,'¦ the
district/-' aroiandT the Maison"; du ~r; Peuple.
'Elsewhere . the .;. streets : and boulevards
have ; their :*customary~ appearance. ' Peo
ple .are i on:. trie : streets, . and ; the cafes ; and
restaurants; are*' busy.'-,- :.*'¦;;
GENERAL STRIKE' FEARED.
X; The^debate 'on'^^the estates i; has been set
in^the 'Chamber^ for next Saturday. -The
Socialists 'seem to , fear \ that j trie j Govern
ment".will^nish the 'budget 'and . prorogue
the ;criamber.. before next ' Tuesday, ti*e
date'fixed ff Or the discussion of universal
sjiffrage.;j,;'" k : ; ' ¦¦".- : "- ¦..:;."-.-¦ ."";-.\ -:;¦'.''!
"ifyhe.; civil guard ;is ; again under arms to
night and -'all the : police • posts • have been
¦doubled.; -V;V . ' ' ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ ' "
7?At\- 2^'9'clock .this , morning ; the ' civic
guards! were \ withdrawn. . V ; ,.
> • Troops j are being "moved : to ; the various
provincial {'points '.where there are / dis
orders."?.'-"!;."¦': ii "¦."'.¦..'¦ ; - - -.''.¦ .-.
f'pembristrations and encounters. also oc
curred Vat:-, Liege, . Ghent J and . elsewhere,'
the 7 nibst '¦; serious being at Houdeng-
O6e'gniesJdnthe;C?^ lidi ! str i ct ' "'"¦During the
collision-], between :. the .police and .'strikers
litithat^pia'ce .the' latter* used' bricks and
flrearm's."5The'-. police -fired upon the riot
ers, (kUlihg'a'co'al miner and a young girl.
Flfteenjjpersons were wounded, including
ty?;o'ipoHcemeri. Mounted infantry finally
dispersed';trie*mob'. J .; '¦';;'
otrier-'outbreaks . in'.the city. . The police
charged' the .rioters, and about- twenty
.fiye--persons. were.wounded. ; Many others
were.' arrested.^ .^ All those \ arrested were
arnied "with^ revolvers.; - - J*
Turbulent ScenesciFolJf^
Announcement^Cqm^rning Revision
polices charge; rioters. .. ;
During the evening • there ' were several;
. '^ RUSSELS, •April 12.— The ;' sit-'i
if .¦ Tfa tlng,of:the Chamber of, Depuf
¦ B *&T-- ties yesterday was character-
Mi. ;la ized by "..violent -scenes; V v .The_:
JbLmi^^^; Premier, 1 Count 'de [Nayer.^re-
. f erring ."•> to ¦ .> the - deplorable;
events' of yesterday, /said:' "The^ appeal,.
of the Socialists to, the. population; proves !
that it is their, avowed vplari to continue^
the struggle , even ,; after ' ParllamentJhias
pronounced ,oh the - "revision ', bill. . Their
aim is the dethronement of power and the
triumph of : revolution. - The' Government
is resolved that the ¦debate bri; trie revision
bill shall occur, in spite of "the "assertions
of the. monsieur ' soclallste . :to the coh' :
.trary." '¦"/. '': ,\ '. •:.', '!.¦ ¦'¦ ;' : .' ¦.;//,. rJVv'";
At this ,point In. the- Premier's 'speech
violent' altercations, -which* nearly ;• led ?to
= blows, arose ; between the Deputies of '.the
opposing parties.'" Liberals .'arid '--Socialists
engaged in ' a 'sharp ; discussion' concerning
the agreement ; : concluded ; betweenV them
for the defense of' universal suffrage, ''and
M. Dembleblen; . a . Socialist, shouted"^'We
are betrayed!" : -: ' ;/ .;'. ; :'{ ,.'^/;-;C:'.:;-^" v . ; : v "
• 'STORM THE j, TRIBUNAL. /, | ¦
At the close , of ¦ the '• sitting *, the \ Socialist-
Deputies, shouting. "Jesuit" thief !'• . stormed
the President's, tribunal.^ The, ushers were
then summoned to 'preserve'; order- arid a
violent scene ensued.Mn* which blows were
exchanged. ;'.'• ¦ •¦'.' '-',¦- '¦ ¦-. ¦• rf--; ¦¦• ¦"'"¦ '"- : , .'-'¦ --Tp/
After the Chamber , was . closed members
of the Left party and' Socialists proceeded
to the Maison; du* Peuple" with -the' inten
tion f of /'persuading /the v people -to icease
their' ¦ demonstf atipnV; until ;';. ney t ; ; week"
The malsqt/ was. surrounded : by., trie -civie
guards, ". but [ a . meeting L was permitted • to '
be'.held'iriside.'," M. ; 'Van /^erxVelde ijanil
other' speakers at '^the /meeting^advocated
that . the people ; remaln calm • and have 're 7
sourceHo .a general, strike ; next fweeki if
the Government "used, force.' As'.the:peri
sons who' we're" attending. the_ meeting dis
persed,': In ' spite ' of .; the ."precaution , of ! per;
mittlng only / a'.-f e w." of j them ; leave "at"
one > time; f conflicts', .with the ¦ poliee loh
curred.;",. Mounted I gendarmes '¦. "cleared . trie
' streets rand •¦ niany> of J . the ' demonstrators
fired* their.' revolvers/ t; 1 •' ' . . ' : V:'":^
• All * centers of ' agitation . bristled . to-day
with bayonets. Sduads of cavalry con
tinually patrolled- the streets' and guarded
the shops which were threatened with
plundering by the rioters.
A manifesto/signed by. the general counl
cil / of the '¦ Labor ' party has been widely
posted, p It demands ? a revision" of the
constitution and ' universal suffrage.
Telegrams from the country districts
indicate the -widespread character of the
movement, which threatens to culminate
in: a. grand 'coup -next week during the
reform* debate, in -Parliament.
A thousand demonstrators caused great
disturbances at* St; Nicholas last night
until routed by, repeated charges of .the
gendarmes. ;..','. -j-. ,
. "At La, Louviere 6000 nrfen ceased , work,
forcing- the 'workers- in' the , large indu?
trial;, establishment (^at; La; Croyere and
Halne St.' Pierre -to join them. Thestrik
ers . threaten"' to % burn" all factories where
the' workers Yef use; to quit: *
Strong detachments of cavalry, are pa-
BRISTLES WITH .BAYONETS.
are prohibited,. and that any civilian car
rying, a revolver shall be liable .to- six
months' Imprisonment. ;. .
The; Burgomasters' of Brussels and su
burban ; municipalities .have proclaimed
that meetings "of more than ten persons
Estimates of the "number, wounded dur
ing"-. the riots vary from' 40, to ICO, ' but
scores; of- injured were "carried off and
hidden ;by . friends. ,'A': large ¦ number of
rioters -were arrested and' are detained.
" A' semblance of order was restored
among the rioters in trie Rue Stevens
early this morning. .'" The police who had
borne the ..brunt "of the .fighting were
strongly reinforced by the gendarmes and
civic ¦ guards ' with' ' loaded rifles. .* Orders
were. Issued to use'all the force necessary
to ; drive the j'mob out of .the ¦ Ma:son du
Peuple. Just as the ..order was about to
be' executed/ the chiefs' of : the Socialists
offered ' to ' evacuate the';bulldlng ¦ quietly.
BRUSSELS, April li:— Sharp fighting
between- strikers' and gendarmes occurred
this morning at Bra cquenies, near Char
leroi.; Several strikers attacked and
stoned a body of gendarmes, who retali
ated by firing their revolvers. A sharp
fusillade followed and the gendarmes were
compelled '. to , retreat. A squadron -of
lancers, however, : galloped up and dis
persed the mob. ....
Law to Be Declared.
Fighting That May Cause Martial
'MANY PERSONS WOUNDED.
The Belgian Government has decided to
proclaim martial law on Monday unless
order is previously restored. 1
M. Volkhart, president of the Society of
the Young . ¦ Socialist Guard, '. who .. is
Charged with being largely responsible
for. the disorders here, and for whose ar
rest, a" warrant .has been Issued, has
eluded the police and escaped from the
country.
"The strike at Xa. Louvlere is extending
to the central provinces.' "About 13,000
men are now out. 1
- Four regiments arrived at Charleroi to
day. Infantry has . been sent to Louvain '
and. Valvorden and a squadron of Chas
seurs-has been distributed in the Mid
lands. " . ' 1' " v
Gendarmes and civic guards are as- '
sembling'at their : headquarters in large
numbers and rigorous Instructions have
been issued for instant repression of other
outbreaks In their Inclplency.
Additional regiments of cavalry, infan
try and engineers arrived here this morn
ing. A battalion is held in readiness for
action at each of the barracks. All the
troops are supplied with two packets of
ball cartridges and two packets of so
called strike cartridges.
A telegram from Mons says the work
still continues in the Bornage district, but
a strike is threatened. Troops have been
sent to the district to cope with possible
rioting. '
STRIKE IS SPREADING.
trolling.' the district in order to protect
the factories. • ,
but the Government will , oppose . the In
troduction of universal suffrage.
Strike and Violence Spreading and the
Government Now Threatens to De=
-3 clare Martial Law.
SCENES AT . BRUSSELS, . WHERE, Dl'RING THE PAST FEW DAYS.
THERE HAVE \ BEEN- MANY SERIOUS ENCOUNTERS IN THE
STREETS BETWEEN. THE POLICE AND MOBS OF SOCIALISTS.
Senator Hanna hurried to Senator De
pew's Bide as if to encourage him to re
ply.
j As soon as Senator Blackburn took his
'aeat Senator Depew was recognized to
reply. Without the least show of excite
ment the New York Senator briefly de
fended his motives for bringing forward
the resolution, and then formally an
nounced that he would not be a candidate
for re-election to the Senate from New
York. jl.WlMlLyi
There was a buzz of excitement
throughout the chamber and several Sen
ators changed their seats uneasily as If
something more exciting might follow.
WILL NOT RUN AGAIN.
Then with all the contempt and indig
nation that he was capable of showing
and cpeaklng within the rules the Sen
ator from Kentucky fairly hissed: "Must
the Supreme Court of the State, the Su
preme Court of the United States reverse
Its judgment, change Its opinion and
ccxne here to learn law from a distin
guished, conspicuous corporation railroad
attorney?"
Blackburn then went on to review th«
-recent, elections in Kentucky which re
sulted in his return to the Senate ana
ehowed that Senator Depew had been
mistaken in some of his statements, al
though the Kentucklan characterized
them as being either without the shadow
cf truth or a display of total ignorance
on the part of the Senator from New
Tcrk. In defending the Goebel law Sen
ator Blackburn ridiculed Senator Depew
for attempting to override decisions of
the courts on that subject with only
newspaper reports to Justify the false
conclusion.
As he delivered these words Senator
Blackburn stood in the middle aisle and
ehook his finger threateningly at the Sen
ator from New York.
JOE BLACKETTKN'S RETORT.
SenatOT Blackburn entered the chamber
and procured a copy of the official re
porter's notes showing what Senator De
pew had stated in connection with the
Goebel elections law in Kentucky. There
was fire in the Kentucklan's eye and re
sentment In his voice as he arose to re
ply. He arraigned Senator Depew sav
agely for going out of his way to arouse
et this particular time a sectional issue.
He charged him further with being the
"first man to shake the withered reed of
reconstruction and the first to excavate
and revitalize the bloody shirt."
Pointing his finger scornfully at the
Democrats Senator Depew declared that
if manhood suffrage was enforced in the
States of Kentucky, Virginia and North
Carolina Republican Senators . would
now be representing those States instead
of Democrats.
restrained themselves during the vigor
ous denunciation of Democratic practices
in the South.
Senators Bacon of Georgia, Tillman of
South Carolina, Carmack of Tennessee
end Money of Mississippi with difficulty
DEPEW'S EOLD SCORN.
In reply Senator Depew was severe in
his comments upon the methods prac*
ticed in Mississippi and other Southern
States, ' resulting in • the disfranchise
ment of intelligent negroes while ignor
ant whites were permitted to vote. His
remarks in favor of manhood suffrage,
such ag prevails in New York, as against
the unconstitutional restrictions placed
upon colored voters in the South, aroused
consfflf rab]« Jndienetfoa^jen^fee^JJwno^.
cratic side.* " - :
Senator Money of Mississippi charged
Senator Depew with trying to revive sec
tionalism by bringing forward the negro
problem in connection with Federal elec
tions in the Southern States.
In the course of his remarks . Senator
Depew said he had no personal interest
in the matter, as he would not be a can
didate for re-election on the expiration
of his present term.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N
W.. WASHINGTON, April 1L— There
was a lively interchange of personalities
In the Senate chamber to-day between
Senators Depew and Blackburn, and for
a few minutes a repetition of the Till
man-McLaurin fistfight was feared. The
trouble arose over Senator Depew's pro
posed amendment to the resolution to
provide for the election of Senators by
the people under which he would have
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments,
enforced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KLERKSDORP, Thursday, April 10.—
The representatives of the Orange Free
State and- the Transvaal Governments
held conferences yesterday afternoon and
to-day. The deliberations were, confined
to the delegates. .
KLERKSDORP, April 9.— The approach
of President Steyn and Generals Dewet
and Delarey, with their staffs, who ar
rived here at noon to-day, was signalized
at.ll a. m. by the arrival of a flag "of
truce at an outpost. An officer, with an
escort, was sent out and the President
and the two generals rode in to Klerks
dorp in Cape carts. The Orange Free
State envoys were accompanied by Judge
Hertzogg, Commandant jj Olivier and six
other persons. , With General Delarey
were his secretary and a dozen Boers.
The Free . State representatives were
quartered in the old town. General De
larey; Joined the Transvaal party In the
new town. A conference tent was pitched
midway between the two towns" and free
communication was permitted the Boer
delegates, t 'but they were suitably
guarded. ' . ¦-
AT PEACE CONFERENCE,
General Methuen's dispatch on the sub
ject of the Tweebosch disaster was pub
lished in the Gazette this evening. It
adds nothing to the details already made
public." Methuen pays tribute' to the Boer
commander, saying General Delarey
"treated the prisoners and myself, with
the greatest kindness and left General
Cellier to look after 'our wounded on the
ground." *
In the House of \ Commons A. J. Bal
four, the Government leader, replying to
a question asked by Sir. Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, the Liberal leader, declared
that the Government had no Information
concerning peace rumors and that there
was no foundation for them. |
Inquiries . last night at the War Office
elicited the statement that the office knew
nothing about the rumors of peace or the
alleged telegram from Lord Roberts J to
Dover, in which he is reported to have
said the war was over.
PEACE RUMORS DENIED.
"We have no information at all, nor in
the nature of -things could there be any."
The sudden AcaJIIng, ota] Cabinet": zneei-f
ing and thef act that King Edward rather
unexpectedly terminated his cruise yes
terday in order, to return to London con
vinced people that something important
is pending and has led to the most ex
traordinary rumors. Among other things
It is rumored that Chamberlain; the Colo
nial Secretary, has resigned; This Is quite
untrue. Chamberlain was suffering from
a chill yesterday, but he expects to at
tend the Cabinet meeting to-day.
"Mr. Balfour's denial last night of the
peace rumors was very emphatic. He
said: '. ' ......
CABINET MEETING CALLED.
"I am not in a position to make any
statement, nor am I able to add anything
to my statement of yesterday regarding
the conference with the- Boers." .
Brodrick was asked if Lord Kitchener
had been ¦ authorized to offer any terms
of peace besides unconditional surrender.
He replied:
. War Secretary Brodrick informed the
House of Commons that the Government
had received no communication from the
Boer leaders, regarding the terms of peace
and said that no armistice, would be
granted during the .absence of the Boer
leaders from their commands.
Preparations here continue for the dis
patch of 20,000 additional troops for the
winter campaign. Lord Roberts yester
day, inspected the first draft of the
Guards, which will sail for South Africa
next week. . , '
LONDON, April 12.— That the fighting
continues in South Africa is shown by a
casualty list given out yesterday, which
contains the names of a few of the killed
and wounded in engagements which oc
curred at three separate points as late as
the 8th and 9th of April.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Secretary
Root is not now in a position to take
any action with regard to the allegations
of extreme military measures on the part
of General Smith, who commanded the
American troops in the island of Samar,
which had been made public in the Wal
ler court-martial at Manila. The Secretary
said to-day that if General Smith had
committed a breach of the, rules of war
In the Samar campaign, the War Depart
ment will take steps to discipline that
officer. Up to this time, it is said, the
statements concerning General Smith's
administration have been made only in
the taking of evidence at the court-mar
tial, and have not been presented In an
official manner to the Secretary of War.
AS TO GENERAL SMITH.
The judge advocate. Major Kingsbury,
of the Third Cavalry, will reply to-mor
row.
At the conclusion of the arguments for
the defense, the general- feeling was that
the result of the trial would be the ac
quittal of the major.
Captain Arthur T. Marix, Marine Corps,
representing Major Waller, in a forceful
argument, maintained that Waller's ac
tions were justified by martial law, quot
ing numerous authorities on the subject.
Captain Marix also said he regretted that
the prosecution had seen fit to call Gen
eral Smith. He claimed that all the tes
timony went to show that the major was
justified. x
ARGUES FOR WALLER.
. "It is impossible ,to conceive -such
treachery as that of 'the natives of Sa
mar," said the major. "They revel in
blood and have aji appetite, for. wanton
sacrilege of the human body. These
fiends stole Captain Cornell's class ring,
filled the soldiers' bodies with jam and
jelly and attempted to murder my com
mand. I shot them. I honestly thought
then that I was right, and I ' believe so
now. Neither my people nor the world
will believe me to be a murderer."
No protest was made and he had every
right to believe that his acts were ap
proved,; so far.. as . :.lbe ;- American Iforces
were concerned. He knew they were ap
proved by those of other nations. .
Continuing; the major said that In 1882
he was with the British ' forces in Egypt,
where Arabs captured pickets of Bengal
cavalrj'f decapitated the prisoners and
placed their heads on poles. Major "Wal
ler said all the Arabs were caught and
shot without trial. During the campaign
in China the Chinese mutilated ' the dead
and tortured the wounded to death. Con
sequently, when a Boxer or a fanatic
was captured, he was executed immedi
ately, without reference. This was true
in the case of the troops of every nation
In China. It was true during the three
weeks he commanded troops there, but
the same thing occurred there when he.
was no longer in command.
RECITES PRECEDENTS.
MANILA. April 1L— Major Littleton W.
T. Waller of the Marine Corps, who is
being tried by court-martial on the charge
of executing. Samar natives without trial,
addressed the court to-day. The major
said he was either right or wrong in his
actions, and added that he desired . to
cite five precedents which came under
the head of his own case. He alluded to
the naval battle of Santiago and the hu
manity he had shown the Spaniards who
were captured, and said he had many
letters from Spaniards thanking him for
the kindness he had shown them.
But It Is BelievedThat
War Will Soon
Joe Blackburn and
Others Resent
. His Words.
Marine Officer Cites
Precedents for
His Acts.
Disfranchisement of
Negroes His
i neme.
Treachery Causes the
Shooting of Sa=
mar Prisoners.
Great Britain Is Still
Sending More
Troops.
Arraigns the South
and Says He Will
Retire.
No Lull Pending the
Outcome of Peace
Negotiations.
Major Waller Further
Says He Is Not a
Murderer.
ADMITS
SLAYING
NATIVES
FIGHTING
IS BEING
KEPT UP
SENATOR
DEPEW'S
ATTACK
VIOLENT ACTS OF THE BELGIAN SOCIALISTS ARE CARRIED
INTO CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, WHERE TRIBUNAL IS STORMED
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI-NO. 133.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; > 12. 1902;
The San Francisco Call.•'i! JOHANNESBURG, : April lll^-The report of
fine .gold t for: the month of March : was '104,127
ounces.".-' "• /; :¦'<¦ .¦ •.'¦..".'•:,; -.•¦ ¦;. ¦..•;;
: Itching Blind, Bleeding, or Protruding-; i»lle«.
No cure. No Pay.. All druggists are authorized
t>y manufacturers- of. Pazo Ointment .to' ir?f urTd
money where It fails. to. cure any case of piles,
no matter of how longstanding. '.Cures' ordinary
cases in six days;' worst' cases In fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. -Relieves
itching Instantly. ;¦ This la a new. discovery; and
Is 1 the : only : pile-' remedy sold On positive J guar
antee, no cure, . no pay. . A free sample -win !b«
tent by mall to any one. sending- name and.ad
dress. <•¦ Price,' 60c.-; If your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 60c in stamps and we- will for
ward full size box by 'mall.. -Manufactured by
PARIS ; MEDICINE CO.. : St." v L6ula, : M6.;V who
also ' manufacture . the : celebrated r * cold :'. cure '
Laxative Bromo- Quinine Tablets. ,, V • ;-•¦ - ¦ n -,*
Piles Cured Without Knife.
: . WASHINGTON, "AprlLll.-Senator: Ma
son was, 'among, the President's callers to
day arid during , the : conference the j Presl
'dent I ' authorized v; the >i statement that • he
rwas } taking no- part .whatever In the Illi
nois Senatorial contest. His relations with
Senator. Mason, •: Representative '( Hopkins
and > Mr;; Dawes , were 1 alike ( most friendly
and he .would' do nothing ;that could possi
bly be construed: Into an 1 , evidence of. par
tiality, for • either of ; the candidates.
time is altogether. too much occupied with
being President," r sald< Mr. ".Roosevelt, "to
admit of my taking part. in the Senatorial
contest .-in Illinois. ','.:. ¦-:• ¦,->¦ ¦•••.•¦>..•
President Has' No Favorite.
James R. Garfield. Ohio, .United States
Civil Service Commissioner; William Wil
liams, Commissioner of Immi
gration. - port of N«w • York; - Joseph H "
Harris, postmaster at Kansas City, Moj '
-'• Navy— Lieutenant Thomas F.: Carter
lieutenant commander: Assistant Sur
geons D. B. Kerr and F. E. MqCullough
passed assistant surgeons. - ¦ .. ¦ ¦
Colonel Charles L. Heinzmann, assistant
surgeon general, with rank -. of colonel-
Major Louis M. > Maus, deputy surgeon
general, -.with rank • lieutenant colonel
Artillery— William McK. Lambdln, at
large, first lieutenant; Willis C. Metcalfe
Illinois, first lieutenant; David Y. Beck
ham. Kentucky; second lieutenant; John
V. Green, at large, second lieutenant
Infantry— Thomas J. Rogers, Wisconsin
second lieutenant; Charles J. -WInn, Ken
tucky, ; second lieutenant. --'-
WASHINGTON, April 1L-The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: .
Ohio Man Selected for Position- of
TTnited States CivU Service
CominlssionerJ^'> ¦¦
PRESIDENT NOlffDTATES
A SON OF GABFIELD
':¦ ' Shafroth of 'Colorado i opposed the : bill.
He;charged .that: the sentiment In? favor
of. concessions ¦ to Cuban sugar, had been
manufactured by the sugar trust and .was*
part of , the war which the trust was wag
ing, against the- beet' sugar ' industry in
Colorado and^ other 1 Western States. .':-. He
read' extracts from 5 the report of > the tes
timony of the president of the sugar trust
before the Lexow .. committee and; the /In
dustrial • Commission ' to • show the- ; meth- ,
ods J of - the company In* crushing : out its
competitors. •¦:..; .•¦•:^ -:.,-,. /.. .'¦;¦:. ¦ ,¦¦ ¦¦ -
Parker . of New -¦ supported ,. the
bill. -He insisted that tariff ¦ revision was
ip.no way involved; ..The real question at
issue. 7 he said;: was whether '.we should
allow - Cuba - to become a second Santo
Domingo. , At 5 p/- m.'thex -House - ad
journed. ¦•i^^SKswW'wVB^iSIBi^*'^
'-,- Toward the conclusion of.- his argument
Long 1 pointed ' out:^ that the adversaries ¦ of
the bill had shifted their ground since tho
publication of. General Wood's statement
that- the • sugar trust controlled only : 3600
-.tons'of Cubansugar. He said that pre
vious: to' that' those ; Who opposed the bill
charged that the trust had bought ' up all
the Cuban sugar. Yet now they used that
statement td prove' that the trust was
rnot making large purchases of = sugar,, but
was. holding off, awaiting -the- action of
•Congress. . :,; -' ,..-;¦.• -...¦ . .'- '•¦ ¦;¦¦'•"¦- ¦
; WASHINGTON, April 11.— At the. open-
Ing of -, the. session of the House to-day
the ' Speaker ' announced the; appointment
of the following committee to. attend the
funeral at, Arlington Cemetery, near Wash
ington, of. General W. S. Rosecrans: Hep
burn of Iowa, Grosvenor of .Ohio, Loud
"of Calif orhia,' Sfeele' o f Indiana," Lester ' of
New York, Elliott ¦>. of South Carolina,
r.ClarkV of -Missouri, Cummings of* New
York and Taylor of Alabama.' ; ¦
'': The- : postoffice ' appropriation bill- was
sent. : to conference. ; .LoUd, Smith 'of 'Illi
nois. and Swanson .of -Virginia 'were 'ap
pointed- conferees. The House them went
into .-committee of the- whole and resumed
.consideration v.of . the Cuban reciprocity
bilL-r-Long of Kansas,- a member of -the
¦Ways and- Means Committee, -who: from
the cutset of the present controversy has
been-onc of the most ardent/advocates of
reciprocity, was: the first speaker. Long
met:a volley of questions from the oppo
nents of , reciprocity on the Republican
side. • At various times during his speech
he sustained the fire of Prince of Illinois,
Hepburn of Iowa, Needham of California,
Kann of California and W.:A. Smith of
Michigan. He ridiculed the ; Republican
¦adversaries of reciprocity, who,' ne said,
¦refused to yield any concession^ to Cuba
: because- they alleged it threatened ' the
•protective system, but .who < deliberately
proposed to adopt a recourse to. take the
differential > offy; refined - sugar, ! , which,
he said, had been placed in ; the Dingley
bill for .the express purpose of protecting
the beet' sugar industry. .' • -' t **» 1 ?JJ-'13ie*?(
House; Committee Will
: tA Attend Funeral at i
§i| .Arlington.
When yet a young man he was elected
to the Legislature, where he made a
speech against the reopening of the Afri
can slave trade that made him. for a time
very unpopular with his neighbors,
though it was heartily commended h\ the
North and was pronounced by the New
York Tribune "a masterpiece of logic, di
rected by the noblest sentiments of a
and patriot."
Wade Hampton was a man of family
and large property and 42 years of age
when the Civil War broke out. Though
not an ardent secessionist at first, "he re-
Though born in a slave State and hir'ng
c large number of slaves and fully nlive
1o their value, young Hampton early
formed his own opinions as to the propa
gation of the system and was not elow
In voicing them.
Objected to Slave Trade.
Wade Hampton was born during a visit
of his parents to Charleston, November 3,
1818. He had private tutors at home until
he -was twelve years of age, when he en
tered the academy at Columbia. Finish-
Ing his preparation there he entered the
University of South Carolina, whence he
graduated in his twentieth year. He then
¦tudied law. but never engaged in . its
practice, as his father's health demanded
the son's supervision of the business of
his estates. The life suited him. As a
rider and hunter he was not excelled any
where.
Wade Hampton sprang from an ances
try that had made the name great in the
history of South Carolina from colonial
and revolutionary times; His father and
grandfather, -who bore the same name as
Himself, were men- of large wealth, and
the borne plantation near Columbia, the
capital of the State, was famed to." its
fertility and productions, as well ss for
Its magnificent mansion and the princely
hospitality always to be found within Its
walls. •• '•
Renewing the Dreibund.
VIENNA, 'April' 11.— The" German Im
perial Chancellor,, Count 'Vdn -Bulow,
started for Berlin ' to-day. According to
the Neue Frei Presse, the Dreibund will
be renewed in its old form, as, the Chan
cellor's conferences here established the
fact that it would not be wise to replace
the present satisfactory arrangements by
others of an experimental character.
DEBATE WANES
ON EXCLUSION
Vote on the Measure
Will Be Taken Next
~ Wednesday.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— When the
Chinese- exclusion bill was taken up in
the • Senate " to-day an agreement was
reached that- a vote should be taken on it
next "Wednesday at 1 o'clock.. .^sV. .;
VGallingef presented a telegram from
Robert- H.Swayne of San i Francisco,
denying that he ever had suggested that
a great many Chinesa^ laborers could be
brought into ,the ; country^ as '. students,
.raerchants'..and travelers. ' He also ..pre
sented : '. a . remonstrance /from. . Thomas
Burke of • the Seattle Chamber of ; Com
merce? against the provision Lin "the : bill
prohibiting!. the - employment;^of Chinese
on American .vessels and one from Alfred
Wlnear, ; president of the ¦ Boston Steam
ship r Company,, saying, that; if ; the Clark
amendment, should I prevail much •. damage
would --be : done to American shipping.
\ Senator t-Hawley presented -a protest
Manchester's "Bankruptcy.
LONDON, April 11.— In the Bankruptcy
Court to-day the Register decided, despite
"extravagance in living and rash specu
lation," that he would annul the bank
ruptcy of the Duke of Manchester, an
arrangement having been reached where
by the suta of £11,676 is provided, giving
the creditors 123 6d on the pound sterling.
from, the -American Federation of Labor,
the International Seamen's Union and the
California Chinese.. Exclusion Commission
against the substitute for the pending bill
suggested : by Senator Platt of Connecti
cut. '. •'•'•¦'
Teller of Colorado, speaking In support
of the pending measure, declared that" it
did' not violate the- provisions of -the
present trerfty with China and said that
after an experience of forty years in the
West he was satisfied that' Chinese ex
clusion was an absolute necessity to the
civilization of that section of the country.
He believed- that every Senator who
would read the pending bill with care,
provided he . was anxious to secure the
exclusion of Chinese laborers, would vote
for: it. Personally, he Would* vote for It,
even 'if he knew that it would destroy
our trade with China, but he was certain
that no stich result would follow the
enactment of the measure. • ;¦ •
: The Senate then, at 4:40p. m.. went Into
executive ; session and at -4:45 »p: m. ad
journed. :...,..-. ......
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO ROSECRANS
y|-r>yIERRE' CAMES, one of the best-,
• II )l known members of the French
j— if colony in this city, died - at his
JL'v home 'on Nineteenth street yes r
-ru-..: w'terday, -after a lingering, illness. •
The deceased came. to « this city rtwenty
years r ago and "'"engaged lb' ' business,
from" '¦ T •¦¦"which he '-retired about' -six
years j ago. " Shortly after h'is arrival .he
. having been unconscious for sev
eral hours. The general had just " passed
his eighty-fourth birthday^ Twice this
winter he had sustained attacks that had
greatly weakened him. but he rallied
wonderfully. He was out driving. a week
ago, but it was evident his strength was
deserting him. . : ¦ ¦
No arrangements have yet been made
for the funeral except that it will be at
the general's expressed wish without
pomp of any sort and will take place Sun
day afternoon. The family of General
Hampton objected to a. state funeral.
Bells were tolled to-day in all towns of
the State when the news was received and
many schools were closed. Governor Mc-
Sweeney issued a proclamation "ordering
official mourning and reciting General
Hampton's virtues.
S*^r OLUMBIA. S. C. April 111—Gene
i7 ral "V.'ade Hampton died this
•L' j morning at 11 o'clock from valvu-
lar disease of the' heart, after
took an actiy.e interest Jh the affairs of
the French Hospital, and Mutual Benevo
lent Society, and for fifteen years -was one
of the board of directors, for threeterms
serving as vice president. He also took a
deep interest in fraternal societies, being
an officer, in the French, society; 'La Gau
loise, and a member- : of \Franco-Ameri
caine Lodge of the Independent Order, of
Odd Fellows. Fora number of terms 'he
served as representative fronv the latter
body to the Grand Lodge of • California.
He was also a member of « Perseverance
Grove of the United Ancient .Order !of
Druids and a delegate at several sessions
of the Grand Grove of that order.V';. ¦".•'¦'•¦
Cames was a native of the HaYttes'Pyre
nees, aged 59.yep.rs. There survlyg him
two sens and', two daughters. He-' was
held in high esteem ta the French colony
on account of his genial disposition/ and
strict Integrity. -X , ¦?,
- In 1886 General Hampton had his lee
broken by a fall of his horse while hunt*
ing, and amputation was necessary
hUrw Hampton was twice married,
nls first wife having been Marearpt
youngest daughter of General Francis
nT- s i2? «f S° ut h Carolina, and his second
of ttot iJluSa Senator George McDuffle
At the close of the war General Hamn
ton retired to his plantation? aceejSK
defeat and its, consequences, but defend?
Lrf the "ot'ves and conduct of the South
ern leaders. He was especially kind to
fn"^. of the colored man say
« ' a A S a 8lave , he was faithful to us
friend" ma ° l US tr?a l: hlm as a
In 1876 General . Hampton was electpd
Governor of South qarolina overthe "car
pet-bagger," D. H.- Chamberlain In m%
he was elected to the United States Sen
ate, where he eerved until 1891 He was a
rnt h fi^ b , Ut , conser vatlve -Democrat. beMev-
Ing firmly in a sound currency. He wa««
appointed a member of the Railroad C?m-
Scond n te?rrf reSldellt Cleveland during Ws
Prominent in Politics.
Soon after in the course of twenty-three
days. Hampton fought- five fights and can
lured 3000 prisoner! and much war S
rial with a loss of 700 men. ate ."
On the death of Stuart. August 1864 '
SW/ 1^ 1 ! 8 assl S, ned to the command
of all of Lee's cavalry, with the rank ¦ Af
Ueutenant general, September hf
made his famous raid around Grant's
S5S5:£i3S; £ !^ S%BM$$M
Early-Jn 18© General Hampton was «?ent
south to confront, Sherman. ? : who was "n
the advance north from Savannah and
was still engaged in this duty when th^
end of the war came. When Sherman',
army reached Columbia. S. C., Hammon's
forces were retiring from the cityThe
place was burned arid each 1 of the Wener
At Brandy Station in conjunction with
Fitz Lee he held the field after an all-day
battle against a superior force of cavalry
and artillery. ..-.'- .-
He took part in- all the movement's of
General Lee's arnyr. leading, up. _to Gettys-.
burg. an<r in that fearful fight was
wounded three times while •¦ leading his
men with great gallantry. For this serv
ice^ he was made major general
On recovering • from his- wounds Iip
again took the field and "aw much flght
1 11 -'^. 6 ' 1864> he was sent t^ head
oft -Sheridan's attempted raid on Xyhch
burg and after i long and Woody though
th^n^lt 1 ' 31116 lastlns a11 d^y anTuno
doubM S g oTdfer 8lgnal check to that re-
From Bull Run, where with 600. of his
legion he held the Warrenton road against
Key's whole corps, attempting a flank
movement, down to " the last fight with
Sherman's cavalry, near Fayettevlllc, N.
C, in April, 18©, Wade Hampton was one
of the mighty . men of arms that : gave
;ust confidence to his great leader, Robert
JC. Lee., in his ability, to hold back with
the -Army of Northern* Virginia the cut
liuipberuigr fpes^that ey.er confronted him.
. Wounded at Seven. Pines.
--^At 1 Seven 'where his ; ' 'command
suffered heavily, Hampton was wounded
in the foot. For his gallantry In this ac
tion he wa3 made brigadier general of
cavalry. All through the rest of 1862 and
1S63 he heM an independent command
and under the leadersnjp of "Jeb" Stuart
General Hampton was in continuous -ac
tive service scouting,, skirmishing and
battling wherever the. enemy was touched,
seldom resting as much as two weeks at
a time in camp even. in. the dead of win
ter. . .
mained loyal to his State. When she did
secede and at the lirst need he hurried to
Charleston and offered his services to the
Governor — first as a private soldier and
then on the Governor's staff. He re
mained at Charleston until the bombard
ment of Fort Sumter. Then he hastened
to his own home and raised ' a body of
cavalry that became the nucleus of the
larger body known as "Hampton's Le
gion," famed on many a field for. brilliant
dash and gallant bearing whenever duty
called. ¦*; '
PROMINENT MEMBER OF THE.
FRENCH COLONY WHO DIED
¦ YESTERDAY. ']%&£*
LATE SOUTH CAROLINA STATES
MAN AND CONSPICUOUS OFFI
CER OF CONFEDERATE ARMY.
"Oregon— Original— Sophia Page, nurse',
Portland, $12; James Baldwin, Ukiah, $10.
Increase— Abram . Wymore, West Port
land, $8; John H. Morton, Beaverton, $12.
\ Washington — Original — Sherwood C.
Nicholson, Kent, i$(>: ; • Increase— Francia
"W. Bohnanka'mp,- Korth • : Yaklmar- $8;
George M^Surns, -Dayton,-' $10f -Cnarles
Duby,;Gi*ter$8; George: M;.. Wade,- Monte?
¦sano, $17. ¦ • .'': ; ' '¦„¦;• l->'- : -';»- -.^ l^-v.'
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Newell F.Ashton, Los An
geles, $12; Charles Davis, Los Angeles, J10.
War with . Spain— William . E.. Carpenter,
Los Angeles, $12. Increase^-Juliufl T"rank,
Soldiers* -Home, Los Angeles; $8: Henry
Patten, S"an Francisco, $8; Robert A. Si
bert. San Jose, $8; Hugh* Kealiher. Ana
heim,":. $6. • Widows^-Mlnor of Andrew J,
MacKay, Los Angele^,.$10; Anna H. Hem
enway*, Winters, $12. .:. ' ;<':
WASHINGTON, - April ll.-The . Postof
flce Department to-day announced: Post
master commissioned: Oregon— Harry W.
Elliott, Pleasant Hill, > ' ¦ \
ment 'and More 'New" Pensions
. ¦'.' Granted.
Change -Made in ;the • Postal Depart-
OF INTEREST T.O PEOPLE ' ' ,
'-. OF THE vPAblFIC COAST
The change of sentiment in the. Senate
Committee . on Military Affairs ; and ' the
favorable report on the bill- will- give the
.War ; Department and the President > the
justification they desire for retiring Miles
and placing* In hfs position . an officer
with' whom the President as cbmmantler
in-chlef can advise. ¦ ; . i.. -. >'.
Republican --Senators .on' the committctt
have seen the question. Sn a new light
since henring the .testimony- of these two
distinguished,- generals, who" are now on'
the retired list, and have no personal am
bition to influence .their, views. The prob
ability now is that the committee will
favorably resort the bill. • ¦ • ¦¦¦':: .
General Merritt agreed with Schofleld
in indorsing the bill proposing the change.
. Schofleld pointed out' the embarrassment
in the .present system, showing, there
never had been, in fact, and could not he
under the constitution another Command
er-in-chief than the President. .He said
there must be a i chief of • staff, arid the
President must have authority to select
that chief because of his advisory work.
He did not 'disguise the embarrassment
irr the WarvDepartment caused by "th.e
friction between, the Secretary of War
and Genera! Miles. • .. '. • . .' . .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 11.— The testi
mony of Generals Merritt and Schoheld
has had marked Influence on the Repub
lican members of the Senate' Committee
oif" Military Affairs, and it is now said all
of them, except Chairman Hawley,. are in
favor- of the army reorganization :t>ill to
create 'a general ( staff to take the place
of the- commanding' general. General
Miles, severely . criticized this proposed
legislation when he was before the com
mittee two weeks. ago,"a'nd-bis"statement3
before. the committee. attacking^ the 'Sec
retary of War have resulted In the Presi
dent's decision "to retire Miles; for the
good of the service. . " 3
Special Dispatch to The Call.
: ' The 'War- Department disclaims all. re-,
eponsibllity f or . such an;appallir/g-:mor
tality as that- reported by ,• Caeijo. . and.'in
sists that- there must be some- . mistake
in - his figures. '.Officials "= point ojit^ that
the census of the .city, of Manila, differed
by a hundred thousand., as. taken by the
Spaniards and by Americana. -An error
of a similar character," it is: asserted, has
crept 'into Caedo's report.v •; .-, , v y. .'...,
-Though, the report has-been. Jn: posses
elonof the department for. some 'weeks,
no action has'been', taken- up"on it/' ' "
It is , the: purpose .of- the .-Democrats 'to
use the statements,; of the. ; Acting Gov
ernor ' of Batangas - and vther Civil Gov
ernor- of -Tayabas : as ammunition; with
which to attack the" civil Government' bill
when it -is under,' consideration' on'- the
floors of the Senate and-HouBe.v r - >•• ; .; ¦
• Revolutionary leaders, miserably deceived by!
the- revolutionary, committee of. Hongkong^ Rnd
all of them dowri to. last' 'private ; ' being, rulers
over the life and property of. the poor farmers,:
vhoi''. live outside the immediate -protection of,
•ho American forces, have ; wished 'to. : . remain
ln'crms, for if they surrender. the greater part
will become" vagrants, accustomed as they are
to living at the expense of others. .,-":' . ... .
• After- all," I foresee " the.' coming . of C famine
with all its horrible consequences. * It is; true
that during the coming year, v in so far as tho
resources of the province' will permit.' the 'fam
ine referred to may be partly remedied; by ¦glv
ipg work to the jpoor In .the 'repair' of roads, i
conrtructlon of bridges and cpenlng of means
of cpnimuhieation between' ' tho- pueblos.
tfeti.uice.s may become : exhausted-r-as they^un
ooubtedly will— since agriculture^ -Is :-.de'ad v " .i>w-
Itig to ¦ the lack of working animals, ! whlch^has
b6en general .throughout the archipelagjj. ¦ Eam
ih-s must reign in this' prpvlncaln. the.fpllovr
ing year,- and <Jod. -grant- that . It.' may not- -pe
for a long time. Very respectfully,' -•'.'•"¦: '•".•j i
/ . •• FLORENCIO K. CAEDO, I
' ' .'•¦ • . ¦"'.'.' •;'. ' ' Provincial -'Secrttary,* ¦
¦', All the hignways and wagon roads and bridle
paths are almost Impassable even ; for -cavalry
in -the wet season except in a few places where
they have been required by tho military.: Work
itg animals having been decimated by':epl
z'ootlc'- (rinderpest), agriculture, : the. province's
caly source | of. wealth. '.Is entirely prostrated,
and asa climax 'to all these events, war .with
aJl Us fatal results. - - V.':; .. v : ..
I : have . the .honor, to. report to your. Excel
lency that conditions/ of the province -tluring
tho present' year cannot be more' deplorable..
Mortality, caused' no longer' by war,"but'by- dls
tase, such as malaria and. 'dysentery."' has'. re-"
duced to a little .'over 200,000 the more than
300,000 inhabitants which in former years- tha
province had. \ . . ••¦'. - .-:¦-.-•.. ¦' '.-•:''¦'
' The- War Department -stated that ,tho
army should not be held responsible for
disease, but members of the Senate com
mittee'point out--that disease -ia- the-nat
ural accompaniment of war and fatnine,
to which Caedo also refers, and they, fur
ther'' regard the : phrase % of the f-Acting
Governor, "mortality -'- caused.-, no
by "war," as' conclusively-Vindicating
that' the war was responsible for some
of the casualties. This is .the transla
tion of CaedO's report: • "-'
: . CALL. BUREAU, 1406, G -STREET. 1C.
W., WASHINGTON, ". April \ lL-^iMortal
ity, caused no longer.by war, h.u't.byvdls
ease, such as malaria and : dysenteryC has
reduced to a little 6ver 200,000 the mqre
than 300,000 inhabitants in former
years the province had." ¦'.'._•¦.¦>
This is the. startlinjr statement made by
Florencio R., Caedo,' Provincial * Secretary
and Acting Governor of the provlticie" of
Batangas, Luzon, in his official report to
the Civil Governor of the-Philippines.' ¦•
tives Perished in Batangas:
Acting Governor- Says 100,000 Na-
BEP0RTS BIG DEATH .BATE:
"I-did not give* specific orders to .that
eff ect ,on that occasion as any sentinel in
his general orders would first' command
an intruder three times to halt and then
shoot if he did not ' halt. Even in con
nection with our own people that is an
established tenet of military duty; but: it
would have -be,en -the order any. minute
of the day if it had been -uecessary. ; : Our
men on the ' line had sobmitted-i tel, I so
many indignities from the Filipinos that
the sentinels must have known that any
one "to; "pass the; line was do
ing so with hostile -intent."'
' T^lie witness also answered' a number of
questions relating tov the, * firing 1 by the
Atrierican ' sentinel's J 6n a 'Filipino patrol
of four men on- February i,-1899, when the
first battle with the .Filipinos began,
which he said - would have been . justified
under the circumstances if there had
been no order whatever to halt,, -He in
sisted that the- battle had' begun :.on. that
night and ¦ when he was asked "."wthfether
any effort had been made to ascertain' if
former friendly relations could not be ¦re
slimed he replied that such effort would
have been impossible after tn^^beginning
of the conflict. ' • . ¦¦• • ¦¦'••* .. '.'¦•¦¦
Duties of the Sentry.
"They are successful," he said, "where
eVer deftness of touch is necessary. They
are of artistic temperament and will take
high rank as artists. They are full of
romance and poetry and will generally
succeed. as actors and musicians; indeed,
there is scarcely a. Filipino' that is'" not
a musician. •, There is,, in brief,' no,. ques
tion' of the: power df ; 'the Filipino^'as a
people to reach a high standard of flevel
cpment in any direction. 1 '. ¦ ¦'.-.
• Replying to ¦ further ¦ questions, from
Patterson, tb,e witness, detailed the.situ
ation at Manila when he arrived there, in
July, 189S. He said that at that time' the
natives were besieging the Spaniards- in
the city in connection with a few Ameri
can troops. The stato of .amity between
the two forces',- he said/.was good and the
Filipinos evidently looked upon the/Amer
icans in the light of deliverers. He said;
however, that there, had been.no ;valun
tary co-operatlda with the. Filipinos s ori
the part of the Americans and. that. lip
subordinate officer had a right to commit
General Merrltt to: such co-operation.'. .-'.
Senator Patterson, asked . General. Mac-
Arthur whether in February, 1899, he had
given orders to his sentinel's on duty near
blockhouse No. 7.. near Manila, .to .shogt
and kill any Filipino crossing the line,
to which question the reply was: '
High Rank as Artists.
to Senator Patterson General
MacArthur Said there, were 'few factories
in the islands, but that he" believed that
th.e Filinipos were capable of develop
ment as artisans. ,. • .••
. - JHe'.klgd^'ekpredseU' the opinion, that the
natives would be: found equal-to tho task
of cultivating the agricultural lands of
the ; islahdg. If sufficiently ya'ld for - their
services. .>- Still, it waa^p'o'^daile.chat tnis
laoor might not be equ'^j to tne' demands
of American and European exploiters. In
this connection he repeated nls convic
tion that it is noti'deairable- to undu:y
exploit the islaiids, and it this v/ere to De
done 'excessive.;. wages would | be neces
sary to secure resu.ts. v
. . WASHINGTON. .11.— Wlieji Gen-,
cral • MacArthur resumed'- his^tc'stimony.
before thei-Scr.ate^CommitteeoV the Phil
ippines' t$^ay_ ; Senator Dubois asked a
number] of /tiucstioiis concerning the effi
ciency of Philippine labor. ' ¦
The-gtenerai Said^there were about 400
native's "empioyed in" . : a 1 ; certain '; corral in
Maiiila : "and r-that for tiiii- -.vork - they re •
celved"il$ Jmgold per mtjiith, v/hile Amer
icans ; recejyed ?40. ! The Filipinos were,
he- said, "quite efficient iin this work, and
while "th£s ¦ pay : was entirely • out of pro
portiori;totliat reccivedTby the Americana
it was so much more -than they- had been
ir) :.the hiabiy.. of receiving, that '-.they were
Kpuried/t'o.cxcra. effort. .*:; ¦
This Will -. Give . tha President
an Opportunity to Re- _
tire Miles.
Sentries Wera-Not Specifically
Ordered to; Kill Na- •
Committee Is Likely to
Make Favorable Re
port on Bill.
General Mac Arthur TeL's
of THeir Quickness.
FILIPINOS MAY
SOON DEVELOP
PIERRE CAMES DIES
AFT E R L0 NG I LLNE S S
One of the Best Known and Popular Mem
- ' 7 . feers of 4he , French Colony Passes
Away at His Residence; in the Mission
SENATORS FAVOR
GENERAL STAFF
DEATH'S CALL SOUNDS
FOR FAMOUS HAMPTON
Distinguished South Carolina General Who
Commanded Lee's Cavalry in the Re
bellion Passes Away at an Advanced Age
¦ ¦ ¦ < . , .. . - r ¦ , ¦( --¦..•...¦¦ •••. .i'.V '• /V •/? • ' ¦ .: . : :; -¦ -¦ ...¦': •-¦;>¦,;;••..•.¦: ,-•; i. ,..¦.-.... :'¦¦.¦,-, ¦¦<¦.%. ¦
TI1E SAX FRANCISCO: |0ALL, SATUKDAY, APKIL, 12, 1902.
2
ADVEETISEIIE1TTS. .
All Humors
Are impure matters '¦ which the skin,
liver, kidneys and other organs cannot
take care of without help, there is such
an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema *and other
eruptions; loss of appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches and many other
troubles are due to them.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all fheir
effects, strengthen, tone and invigorate
the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, Mass.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates,/ Fur-
naces andjCooking^-
Tbere Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Exlivered ln any quantity. Country order*
solicited. P. A. MCDONALD. 813 Folsom tt
ft I ri" nnWI I Corner Fourth and
valises checked free.
To Cure Grip' in Two .Days.
Laxative '¦ Eromo-Qulntce removes tha " caus«.
E. W. Grove's signature on ¦ every box. .' •
PipPlffiiis!
Wonld Simply Direct Your Atten-
tion to Serioris Symptoms Ex-
perienced by Thonsands.
THEY TRULY INDICATE TERRIBLE
DEADLY KIDNEY
Paine's Celery Compound
Has Cured th^.Most Desperate Case?
a"nd Will Assuredly. Banish
YoarTrouWe.
"While we. would' not play the -part of
alarmists and seelc' to frighten people by
declaring-- that, a< Jarge majority of them
are already Wlctima of kidney diseases
and Uable to be hurried Into untimely
graves fey them, still the very noticeable
Increase of kidney diseases ln recent
years and their virulent power la. a sub-
ject that is constantly engaging the at-
tention of the ablest medical investiga-
tors.;.. :£-"-. . '''-r.-'fc.
Have you pain in the small of the back,
of dull, dragging nature, but often acute
and severe? Is the urine in a disordered
state, sometimes pale in color and vary
copious, at-other times high colored and
scanty, with brick sediment or witff* set-
tling of mucus, offensive and foul smell-
frigT.'Have you a general feeling of lassi-
tude and' weakness? Do you recogniza
the fact that you are unable to perform
the "same amount of mental or physical
work that you v £ot through with months
ago? ' '-.- '" • ' ' "'
• Any one of the symptoms mentlored
point unmistakably to deadly kidney dis-
ease in some form. Do not delay until It
is too late. If you value life, begin this
v^ry day with Paine's Celery Compound;
it is your only hope of success and safety.
By the use of this wonderful remedy ten*
of thousands- are now-enjoying perfect
health who once were victims of treach-
erous kidney < diseases. Read carefully
the testimony of Mr. "Albert Bowers, 84
North. 13th St., Newark. N. J.;
"Some two years ago I suffered with
kidney disease, during which time I haJ
two doctors, neither of- whom could do>
me any good. It was not until X used
Paine's Celery Compound that I found
relief. had no strength; energy or am-
bition, "and was nervous. and Irritable. I
¦was al! run down and lost about fifty
pounds. I felt .that the end was near,
when a friend suggested Paine's Celery
Compound, .and. I', have this great medi-
cine to thank for my restoration to
health!'; >^ ! '
IT'S EASY TO DYE 3 -
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ £r'!^&}'-> : ' "Tie tarrestAEjttanical Museum in the \
O IHjHl idealist on the Cowl Eit^^ars. O
A &%£[& DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f QsJiB Comolurion free »nd Jtrirtly priTate. \
# I X*qTh Tr<Mtm«at personally err by l«ter. A A
f fi W 'S a P**iOn Cvr* ia e»ery c»« andert»*-n. T
A P It II A Write for Book. rilLO1oriY«r i
V • (I it* MAHniAGE. MAIUEO rg.BR. ( A ¥
X o {£ valuable book for mm) ¦ • \
f nn. joudis * co.. iosi x *rket s t , s. F. W
flOSOBRHCBA i.HD C2IKAE7 SISCEASSX8
Oil r h WTWtl
.; A CURE CM 48 HOURS.
fa* CHICHESTXR'8 CNSU1H
¦ R^TJtM^N.*'*'^' * lw »/»<'» i l» l >l«. Ladlw. ukOrafTirt
AjK^^ *» CHI(5H£3TKa-S "&J»C«j£a
jr M **>>S«Sk la BED «o4 e«ld ajUiUo box*. M«i<4
notdr for. Gonorrbos»,
Sf?*» Sperms.torrhoB«,
BSBm In 1 to S d»y». 1U charge*, or »ny infl*nunk-
ffcCf QWMtmd. t» tion. Irritation or nicer*-
P r^€ T r*rmt'* J " > -i^'ritl -'* ° m of mncoui mca*
lilllaii nun 0 IBM SaW *y VrwssUt*,
XssslV n n. I '5P or Mnt ln l^ 1 * 111 W "P1W,
u.hi,^M iif express, prepaid, for
A^TOffhriti irttjyfl (COO, or 3 bottle*, 15.73.
*^ xca^ ar * ent °* ""Wart.
Wl? 'Xk^l^B^DMSSBBMHBBIl^SnSBB^ji^'^Trim
«f-
:^S2S&'330 MARKET ST~Sf.
NEW WESTERN .HOTEL,"
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON" STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KIXG, WARD A
CO.. Ewrppean.plaa.: Rooms. OOoito $1 SO day;
$5 to IS week; J3 to 120 month.. Free baths*
hottnd cold water every room; firs srat«s iu
every room: elevator. runs all night. ¦ r
Weak Men and Women
SHOUUVUSB DAMIANA" B1TTKR3' THH
¦ Great Mexican Remedy; gtvea health - and
strength. to sexual organs.. Pepot. 323 Market.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
I,. on Applleation/ r
,.V I .COAL, COKB AND PIQ IRON.
?X-: " FRESH AND SALT MEATS'.
JAS: ! BOY£S & COrlgSf^Sag^g
-•¦'¦¦ »;;¦¦¦'.•"¦• : --;t h* '¦•¦-¦'¦¦ ¦.-
LUBR1CATINO OILS. LKONARD A TrT.T.ry
;^418 yront^st.. S. F. Ptaon« Mala mSu^
"^ T ~ r ~ r - PRINTING. . ~~~
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
the hicks-judd caTtKBUKM
23 First street. 8aa TnnotM-*
jf^flliall R5TQT PfiO THE RflUfCi C
J&&W W &F JeW IpMiw I ¦ wlft ¦ IIH vv ¦¦ mIiV tf^S
'".¦"-" '"-' " : ' '¦••¦'". .¦:;.. 'CASCARETS " CASCAKETS '• ' -' : - '• - : ' v ¦ '"--¦ ¦¦-
taste good. Eat them increass tho flow of .. "l"
- OlHnV '¦"- "• lik« candy. They re- mllkiannrttngmoth- baau pah -
CABOT move any bad taste ers. A tablet eaten DUUrl FOS -
. w ••¦. in the month, leaving X>y the mother makes .^"••"¦,'»H ; -" :;
HlTHARTIfi the breath gweet and her milk mildly pure- . UDTliCDC
UAinAIIIIU perfumed. It U a ative and has a mild mUlnUid ,
¦" ¦ -•¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦•¦ real pleasure to take but certain effect on ' '• .-. -¦-¦¦? . ¦* .. ,
, . , .. ... , ' them Instead of nau- the baby, the only * ' I -
.-, seating Mqulds or cannon-ball pills. ,„- - saf*laxaUT«fortli«b»be-lB-anni. t . p.
?••:'-••''¦¦:¦*¦•¦¦"•¦'•'¦'*¦¦¦•¦¦.•¦•¦ .....'CASCAKETS ..... CABCABETS ' - ' --"--•'.¦¦
• . • . - / . , are pnrely vegetable are liked by the chil- I
i • : • BHBFI V • " •¦¦ and contain no mer- dren. They ta»te ¦•' nit- an*-
PUHtLT curlal or other min- good and do good. PLEASE H
: '-'."' '-£1111 7™ *'•-¦' eral poison. .They stop wind-colie and ?' •.¦M t *«».^->V '
VFCFT1RI P " e mado of tho lat- crnmpi. and kill and TUC PUII nSCH
•ICuCIHDLCi est remedies dlscov- drive off worm* and I IlC wniLUKtH
¦.'.v- ¦-..¦-'.; »-'¦:-. -v ¦-..¦¦ •- ered and are a sclen- all-kinds of para- :-•"...¦¦ ¦ ¦¦: .:.
• , ' tlflc combination .sites that live in the ' I
never before put together in any form. .' .•',:•' bowels of the growing child. : • • .'
'¦'"'*'¦-''¦"'¦ ¦' ¦¦•''"•-¦'•'¦¦-: ..V.:. r CASCAKETS , , ..;..: CASCAKETS ' : "' ¦ ¦¦ '" ' ''^-\ I
¦ ;-,;-,: :. • -; .¦ . are antiseptic. That taken patiently, per- ¦ ' , . 'I
INTICCBTin means they stop un- siitently. are guaran- mitwim : *'-'"
AHTIScPTIC digejted.fooi irom teed to cure any eaae . CURE ' ~
: - -•.-.^.._..._ «. . souring In the atom- of constipation, n n . wwilfc .
- * : :i I AllTIVF '-' : '•'• ¦'.' ach, p-rey«n*-.fer- matter how old and GIllDlUTCCn -
LMAMllVC mentation -In" the, obstinate, or pnr- QUAilANTtCU •
< --j- ¦:¦¦--- .:-¦-- :t 1 :'..k- bowels and' kill dls- chase money will be TIT *"V fcfci *
.'•,-. i. • . ., i- M «a«e germs , of any cheerfully refunded ' I '
kind that breed and feed in the system. ¦ by your own druggist.' '¦' ' :*"¦ ", ; - -
¦ ; I ..^..CASCAkETS • , .....' CASCARETS . i ¦'•'' - ¦ : ' ; .
• ,-. --.r -. tonu the stomach and ¦ arc sold by all drag- 1 I
' : : • IIVCR ' bowels and itlmnlata . jlsts for 10c. 25c, tMmmn^n
LlfCil * the lazy. Urer, mak- SOo.se box. ~. accord- " HEALTH) ¦
i <%.•¦¦....... ing.lt. work. They ing to site. A 10c ntHs,ln J -
STIftSULAHT ¦'. strengthen -the bow- box will prove their CftD til flCUTC
,...,.- ., ,. .. condition, making feet and -permanent' * »
C their action easy and natural.; „/,;>-, r. '-,'• :.:..-.' health.. Don't rlak delay. • -
"•A?^!* ( udg -® AS P^ R^T 8^^ er 'medicines you have tried. : Theyare I
¦ new/ unlike anything else^^that'ssoid/ and Infinitely superior. Try. a ten-cent •
'./¦.'. '-''-\ ac^f" :: boxjoday, if not pleased get your "money bacl!
rlC- IP tn Su?JJ!l?,i~- ' Larger boxes, 2Sc or 50c. Sample" and booklet
I va U«Us-l only. flenuln6« ¦ ,-•• ., •¦ « .-*¦ . - • 'ji"' % ~ i -'*jfc'aR» v • • ¦ ¦ • -. •
k^^^J Beware of mailed free. -Address 537
, yBt&Um>^. Imitation*! ¦ ¦ STERUNC 'ncHEbYco.,cMicAoo;MOHTniAt. e*H. : NtwronK. .SUPREME HEAD OF UNITED
MODERNS, EN ROUTE TO
THIS CITY.
: ", Porcelain bath tub, barber shop,' library,
writing-desk, 1 ' carved {buffet and smoking
room,'; ~ in ''¦ composite car,'-- new 1 Overland
Limited, lighted; by; electricity. * Last: op
portunity ; to see exhibition ' train,". Oakland
Pier to-night: • Get .invitation at;Informa
tion Bureau, Southern; Pacific.
Mrs. Harrison Returns Eastward.
VALLEJO.: Aprir.ll— The : widow; and
daughter^ of „ ex-President^ Harrison \-ere
taken to : Port Costa; by •the navy 'yard
tug this morning, where they; boarded •¦ the
overland .limited, for Indianapolis.' Mrs.
Harrison ¦ is a \ sister of. Lieutenant Com
mander -Parker's wife; and has been 'on
an extended visit here.'^gjgsa*
v.The Pen Carbon Books for copying; let
ters ; and ;bllls ; are ;¦ the ¦ most t handy 4 and
most economical copying books ever got
out. If you write letters or . bills you
should be interested in seeing them. San
born, "Vail & Co., ; 741 Market street. • '
Your Business Requires It.
; LONDON.' April 1L— The Speaker of the
House ' of •* Commons . has , acceded ' to ' a re
quest of ; the press ' committee to offer the
hospitality of i the press gallery in Parlia
ment to Colonial and American journalists
during j the ¦ coronation ; fetes. .
Americans May Visit Commons.
V FRESNO// April , 11.— The Elks of ; this
[city /will on April 26th give a full-sized up
to-date circus. '; The" tents," . which . V. were
procured 'from 'Norris " & - Rowe, ¦ have ar
rived. The main tent.; will seat 4000 per
sons, and there are two smaller ones. , In
one of ? these a side, show will be con
ducted. * There - will ibea street parade In
the morning; and a performance afternoon
and ' evening. - The parade .will be an eye
opener. ! All' the animals - of the • menage
>ie' will ibe < exhibited, zebras and' lions
from the : wilds of 'Africa; deadly reptiles
frcnvthe jungles of South Americ% bears,
elephants and.many others .'.'too ' numerous
to r mention.". The two local bands '.-will
supply music. ; "Admlral'VFulton G. Berry
will officiate as ringmaster. - ''iMjlBM
JFresno Elks in Circus Stunts.
Attorney Bert Schlesinger. for th-e
prosecution, called Frank A. Leach,
superintendent of the Mint, who testified
that he had occupied his present position
sincp August 1, 132)7. He told how the
racks were sealed and how they were
sented the defendant, made a
motion to have all witnesses excluded
from the courtroom until called to testify.
Judge de Haven denied the motion, and
Collins took an exceptlbn.
WHEN the trial of Walter N.
Dimmick was resumed yes
terday morning. Attorney
George D. Collins, who repre-
On redirect examination,. Cole, said he
was instructed by Dimmick not 'to use
any of the money out of the - racks, as
the weight of the sacks on top would
break * the racks that were empty. • He
About elsht
Captain FitKiatrlck and Porter Butler. -
Collins then introduced in evidence pho
tographs furnished by the prosecution,
which showed the appearance of the
vault when filled, with sacks of gold.
The pictures were shown to the jury. Re
suming the examination. Collins asked:
What was your business before you suc
ceeded Dimmick a» cashier?
- I was In the drug- business at ' Martinez,
California.
How many pigeonhole* were obscured by the
trucks? '
William K. Cole, of the Mint,
was next called. He is the man on whom
it is alleged Dimmick tried to fasten the
crime of stealing the $30,000 from the
Mint. Cole testified that there was a
dally inspection of the vault and that
Dimmick took part in the inspection. He
further testified that Dimmick counted
the cash, In order to report the contents
of the vault to the superintendent, j Cole
said Dlmmick's count always agreed with
his figures and that Dimmick never dis
covered any discrepancies up to June,
1901.
On cross-examination, 4 Cole described
how the cash was counted. .He said Dim
mick would count the money in the
pigeon-holes, -on the trucks and in other
portions of the vault. All the • pigeon
holes, 400 in number, the witness said,
were .filled on July 25, 1900. The witness
stated that about the month of Septem
ber, 1500, sacks containing double eagles
were placed on trucks and on the floor
of the vault. He said the trucks partly
obscured some of the bags in the pigeon
holes. >¦' '"'Vi'*'..'
-• "Did Dirnmick count the bags obscured by
the trucks?" a3ked Collins. ,
Dimmick did not move the trucks, but pro
ceeded on the assumption that the pigeonholes
were filled with sacks of cold. . .
. What tltM of the day was the eount »ade?
At the close of th<* day— at 3 o'clock.'
Was FltzDatrick. the watchman, present
derirr the count? >.
¦ Sometime* he would be present in the vault
or outside, close by.
Did you take a book into the vault?
Ye*,' sir. I took this book.
The witness passed his account book to
Attorney Collins, who. after examining
the entries, resumed the examination.
How was the money on trucks counted?
He would count the sacks one at a. time. '
-What i« the normal capacity of that vault?
About $6,000,000. At one time it contained
$25,000,000. ,'
. When was It that the vault contained 525,
000.000? -.;>—•:
The latter Dart of June, 1901.
Who piled these sacks in the vault?
Cashier Cole Testifies.
placed in the vault. The witness told of
the settlements at the end of each fiscal
year, and was turned over to the defen
dant's attorney for cross-examination.
"No questions," said Collins, and, much
to the surprise of counsel for the . Gov
ernment, Leach left the stand without
telling what he knows of the crime. At
torney Schlesinger thereupon informed
the court he would recall the superin
tendent later on in the trial. Judge £<z
Haven did not take kindly to this mole
of procedure and suggested to Schlesin
ger that he finish with his witness be
fore allowing him to retire. Schlesinger
replied that he had made careful prepara
tion of the case, and it was necessary to
recall a witness now and then In order
not to confuse the court and Jury.
I think $6,000,000— 1200 bags.
-DW you •: hear any conversation' between
IMmmick and Cole about withdrawing money
from the racks? " ¦ ..» ,"
¦ Yes. I heard Dlmmiek say to: Cole, "You
should not move the sacks out of'the-pigeon
holes on account of the weight on top." , .. ¦
Do you know how - many- bags ¦ there should
have been In the. vaults on- June: 29. 1901?".--
I do, sir. There should' have been 1519 bags.
The witness was then turned over to
Attorney Collins for cross-examination. .
'¦ Kn w do you know the . number : of . sacks in
the vault? .' . ¦
- I kept an account of them. - I did not count
the batrs every ' day. 1 ¦* knew what ' went ; In
the vault and . I knew what • came i out."-
; : Were •¦ you ¦ there .when ,the vault '.was * filled
with tlieae' sacks?- . - ¦ :. .
I was., sir. '-': I : was ' there" when ¦¦ they; were
The . tops . of the sacks were pulled out and
turned .down bo aa to hide the vacant holes
Are you able to tell the Jury the exact num
ber of bafca of coin that were .transferred to
the vault below? '• -' . .
We made some discoveries. I pulled out
the truck In the northeast corner and discov
ered four holes vacr.nt. .
Wha'. was the condition of the sacks in the
holes above? >
¦ What did you do? '¦ ¦
: He handed me two sacks from a broken row
on the east side and I placed them in the
holes.
What happened on June 20? • ,'.'.¦'.
Discovers Vacant Holes.
I discovered four vacant holes.
,-¦' When did you' make the discovery? '.' ' '-
--' On Saturday. Two days before we discov
ered .two -vacant holes on the lowest tier of
the rack. ' . , .
Who i join ted out those two vacant holes?- .<
Dirr.mick. • ¦ • - • - .-v-i..--:
On the reconvening of court after re
cess. Judge de Haven announced that he
had reconsidered the motion made at the
morning session to exclude all witnesses
during the taking of testimonyA He said
it was a matter entirely in the discretion
of the court and that no exception could
be taken to the court's ruling. He there'
fore thought it proper after consideration
to have the witnesses ¦ excluded.
The courtroom was nearly emptied
when the numerous witnesses left, in
obedience to the court's order.
Captain Fitzpatrick, "vault man" at the
Mint, testified that he had occupied that
position for six years. He told the num
ber of bags taken out of the vault on the
28th and 29th days of June, 1901, and
placed in the vault in the basement. He
said he was there during the transfer to
see. that the bags containing certain de
nominations were kept together, and that
each truck, was loaded with sixty -sacks.
He. said four men were in the vault at
one time loading the trucks. A man
named Donaldson was outside the vault
keeping tab for Cashier. Cole. Fitzpat
rick explained that each bag on the ea3t
side of the rack contained $5000 in double
eagles. He said It was his duty to watch
the vault, and he performed his duty as
best he could. When he was at lunch
he was relieved by Cashier Cole. Prose
cutor Schlesinger then proceeded to ques
tion the witness. .
. Was- there anything to prevent the' moving
of the trucks in the vault so that the bags In
the rack might be • counted ?•
They could have been moved inside of three
minv.tes.
. When you attempted to count -the double
eagles in that rack what did you discover?
Witnesses Excluded.
said he followed the instructions, which
were given In the early part of January,
1901. He added that Captain Fitzpatrick
and Porter Butler were present when
these instructions were given. A recess
was taken until 2 o'clock.
THREE EMPLOYES OF THE UNITED STATES MINT AND THE DEFENDANT WHO IS BEING TRIED BEFORE
JUDGE DE HAVEN AND JURY FOR THE ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT OF SIX SACKS OF GOLD VALUED
AT $30,000.-,
~ Captain - Mossman knows where Haw
kins is and ; the ' other members of the
gang . are known to be in ' the mountains
bordering New \ Mexico and . Arizona. The
rangers are scattered over the country
wherever, the outlaws are expected to ap
pear and their arrest is expected at any
Wme. >It is believed that the -gang has
teen broken up completely and ( will never
again be heard of i in ; the Southwest iJ69wc
In an interview Captain Mossman said
that the rangers ' had , experienced great
difficulty in capturing outlaws, owing to
the disposition on the part of the settlers
in the Black River country to shield the
desperadoes,; which, they sav, they have
to do for. their own protection. The coun
try is rough and, ; there: are but few
ranches. .'Whenever, a strain is'-helrS up
by. bandits or a store Is robbed they head
forfthe Black River' country. It was
there that the fight with the, "Bill" Smith
gang of . cattle - rustlers took place a few
months ago,' in which' Maxwell and Tofla,
two Arizona rangers, were killed. .'.;
The* Black River country in Northeast
ern" Arizona, one of the wildest regions
in the territory, has been the hiding place
of this gang, and -"Bill" Hawkins and the
rest of bis men are now there. The Haw
kins gang- Is perhaps better known in
Arizona as the George Musgrave band of
Outlaws. Musgrave, alias "Bill" Haw-
Kins, has. made his headquarters here for
many years and was formerly a mem
ber of the notorio'us Black Jack crowd
that held up. the International bank at
Nogales in August, 1S96. Musgrave, then
no more than 20 years old, was one of
the most desperate men Black Jack had
with him, and in the fight v that took place
in Skeleton Canyon a few days after the
holdup, between the bandits and a posse,
Musgrave killed Frank Robson, a line
rider, ¦ who was with the posse. To-day
Musgrave is regarded as one of. the hard
est bandits in the territory »to capture,
owing to the friends he has in the moun
tains of the Black and Blue -River, re
gions. ¦ . >V
. But the gang is almost completely
broken up and the people of New Mex
ico and Arizona are rejoicing with Cap
tain Mossman and his rangers over what
is regarded as the cleverest trailing ever
done in the Southwest. The gang came
into Arizona a short time ago from. New
Mexico, where it held up a store and
killed a boy- at Fort Sumner. The mem
bers separated after dividing the bGoty
.and came, on different trails' into the
Black River country. Captain Mossman
and his rangers started in pursuit of the
outlaws and by clever trailing have thus
far captured Sam Bass, Wit Neil, George
Cook and Joe Roberts, each man having
been taken without a shot .being fired.
Bass was arrested a few days ago at the
O. L. D. ranch on Blue River by Pollard
Pearson, a ranger. The members of the
gang who are still at large are i"BJU"
Hawkins, Patrick - Murphy, "Kid" Isabel
and another man. ; -• ¦ - .
TUCSON. A. T.. April ll.-Captain Burt
Mossman of the Arizona rangers has re
turned from the mountains, where he has
been hot upon the trail of the "Bill"
Hawkins -gang, of outlaws. • - There., are
eight desperate men in :thls gang and
four of them have been run down by the
rangers within the past three weeks, ft
Special Dispatch th The Call.
BABE'S LONG TRIP
IN WATER PIPE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONROVIA. April ll.-The one-year
old son of James McAlonan of Lower
Duarte had a remarkable escape from
death this afternoon. The child was play
ing In the yard, in which Is an Irrigation
stand pipe. In some way it fell In and
was carried by the water through 400 feet
of. cement pipe underground.
The mother missed her baby and ran to
the exit, where the water flowed Into an
open ditch. Not seeing the little one. the
half-crazed woman returned to the stand
pipe. : Just then a Mexican . working on
the ditch saw the child forced out of the
pipe. With. _ rare presence, of mind he
caught the babe and commenced rolling
it on the ground to expel the water.
Breathing had practically ceased, but per
sistent effort by the man caused respira
tion to resume. A doctor was summoned
from Monrovia and made the restoration
to life complete.
The accident occurred on what is known
sis the Dunn ditch. Mr. McAlonan is in
Arizona. • , . ..
SPQKANE. April 11.— The Inland Empire
Teachers' Association has decided to meet ia
Walla Walla next spring. -
wlthrhis associates, founded the order of
United Moderns, and since then he has
Sevoted a great deal of attention to fra
ternal work. He Is represented as a care
ful student of that class of work and an
Interesting and logical talker. v.^-
HAWKINS' BAND
IS BROKEN UP
• A* the close of the reception he will be
escorted to the rotlsserie in the Call build
ing, where he will be the guest of honor
at a banquet. On the following night he
will be tendered a public reception in the
large hall of the old Supreme Court build
ing. 305 Larkin street, and on the 2Sth
inst.. in company of State Organizer S. C.
Wallis, he will vJsit San Jose, where he
will be tendered a reception by San Jose
and, Garden City lodges.
Mr. Johnson, who is a native of Illinois,'
practiced law in the State of Iowa until
he moved j to Denver, where he assumed
the position of president of the Fidelity
Savings Bank of that city. In 1897 he.
' . "^days on a tour "of inspection of
the lodges In different parts of the State.
He will make his first visitations in Los
Angeles and the adjacent country, reach
ing this city on the 25th inst., when ha
willbe tendered a reception by San Fran
cisco and California lo'dges in the Shieis
building, to which none . but members of
the order will be admitted.
SUPREME CHANCELLOR E. M.
JOHNSON of Colorado, the head
of the Order of ' United Moderns,
will arrive' In •California in a few
Eighteen Students Complete Their
Course at the Educational
Institution. ... .'•
SAN JOSE, April 11.— Eighteen/ pupils
were graduated from the State Normal
School here to-day. No exercises 'were
held, and the young teachers will not re
ceive their diplomas until the June gradu
ation. The graduates are:
Ruth Abbott, Alice Baker, Bertha Beckett,
Josephine Camp. Eleanor M. Campbell, Kdith
Deal. Carmel Martin. Agnes Mason, Mae Olln.
Lillian Parker, Isabella Patterson. William
PniBCh, Louise Smith, ' Pearl Sutton, Sue- Swlck
ard; Stella Waggoner, Myra Waltenspiel. Edna
White. •.';•¦,
The training department of the Normal
School held "poppy day" exercises this
forenoon. ; A fine programme was | carried
out. i
SPRING-TIME GRADUATES: *
OF THE SAN JOSE NORMAL
As she • was swept ': down stream -the
screams of , her sister; j attracted t two
tramps who were coming along the rail
road. They waded- out. and rescued the
body a quarter, of a mile below the. log
crossing. .Physicians; were summoned,
but. life had fled: The" body was carried
home to the prostrate father. Generous
men started a subscription In the railroad
yard and telephoned to Redding .'for a
handsome casket to be sent by the even
ing train. v ¦:'••¦
REDDING, "April 11.— When pretty
Belle Fitzgerald, aged 19, a student in- a
San Francisco dental ' college, passed
through Redding at 6 o'clock this morning
en route home to visit , her . father and
younger sister in Dunsmuir she little
dreamed that the next northbound . train
from- Redding," twelve hours later,' would
bear her coffin. She reached home < at 9
o'clock this forenoon and at 3 o'clock .this,
afterncon her body was . dragged by: two
tramps from Sacramento" River. ,
Miss r Fitzgerald. was the eldest daugh
ter of P. Fitzgerald, who is employed in
the Dunsmuir railroad shops. Her mother
is dead./ She has won her own way in
the dental school and was going home for
a brief rest. When the father . returned
to his work at noon Belle Fitzgerald- and
her 15-year-old- sister Clara started to
walk to Upper Soda Springs,. a mile above
Dunsmuir. They did not follow the
wagon bridge,' but went to the pictur
esque natural" bridge, , formed by the fall
ing of an immense tree across the Sacra
mento. While they were crossing the log
the elder girl slipped and fell into- the
rushins current. ; . .... • .<.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
"There can be no doubt as to Flutch
er*3 guilt. He was- given a fair trial be
fore an impartial jury, and his case wa3
fully examined by the Supreme Court.
When Detectives McNeill and Harrington
came to my house last nlgfit at 11 o'clock
and reported they had just discovered
witnesses who it was alleged through*
fear had been restrained from appearing
at the trial, I thought it best as a mat
ter of caution to ask the Governor for a
reprieve of ten days, until I could fully
investigate and examine these ' wit
nesses." • • ¦ .•¦ . _ .
"The answer to Mr. Folk's telegram to
the Governor came to Four Courts at 2:30
in the morning in the form of a dispatch
from the Western Union office ct Jeffer
son City. I opened the telegram, think
ing it might rontain a reprieve. Instead
it said that fne Governor had come to a
window and when told the nature of the
message had directed*it to be placed un-'
der the door and had shut the window
without sending an answer. I supposed
that ended i the matter and left no liopc.
Mr. ~ Folk, whom one of ' the newspaper
men called over the 'phone, thought the
same and so. did the prisoner. I den't
hold myself to blame. The Governor is
the one who had the authority, and he ia
responsible for the whole incident."
Deputy Sheriff Charles Bilhartz, who
received and opened the telegram con
taining the reprieve from the Governor,
says that the message was received twen
ty minutes after it had been filed in Jef
ferson City. It came from the W r estern
Union office on Eighth street and was de
livered by a messenger who had run thai
entire distance to the Four Courts. Cir
cuit Attorney Folk said:
"I did my duty," said Sheriff Lickmann
after the hanging. "and I am glad it's
over. The death warrant called on roe to
execute Flutcher between the hours of 6
in the morning and 6 in the afternoon.
It was nearly fifteen minutes after 3 In
the morning when ti.e drop fell.
Sheriff Blames Governor.
With a sweep of his right hand he bade
the crowd good-by and turned to the
Sheriff. The Rev. llr. Roberts stepped
forward and asKed for a final prayer.
This was made kneeling. Twenty sec
onds later Sheriff Dickmann sprung the
trap. Flutcher'a necK was broken In the
drop. After a formal inquest the body
was turned over to the family.
"Without the desire to reflect on th«
men who sent me to this fate, the worst
that can befall a mortal man, I want to
say that not only have I been prosecuted
but relentlessly persecuted as well. This
¦shameful end. to my life, a boy's life,
marks the final triumph of money over
justice. The time is past when anything
can be done. Death is very near to me.
, but before it lays its hand let me say a
parting word. Shun evil companions—ad
vice that Is just as good for the old as
for the young. Had I done eo. there
would have been no fight, no shooting
and no hangman's noose."
The boy walked to the gallows with a
steady step, and when asked by the Sher
iff if he wished to say anything, began a
speech that occupied three minutes. Hs
declared that be tired the fatal shot, but
disavowed any intention of murder. His
object, he said, was merely to disarm his
assailant. Flutcher concluded as fol
,lows:
Speech on the Scaffold.
At 5:50 Sheriff Dickmann told the con
demned boy to prepare for the march to
the gallows. The next few minutes was
spent in prayer, Flutcher praying aloud
in a firm voice. When he had finished ho
turned to a deputy and placed his arms
behind him.
"We'll go now," he said quietly, and th»
rope was tied . over his elSows.
.At 11 o'clock last night Circuit At
torney Folk telegraphed Governor Dock
ery recommending a ten days* reprieve in
order to Investigate more fully testimony
to the effect that Flutcher acted in self
defense when he killed Roth v A message
from Jefferson City said that the Gov
ernor, when aroused by the messenger,
stuck his head out of a tsecond-story win
dow and asked "What's wanted?"- The
messenger told him the nature of the
message and he ordered It put under the
door. Sheriff Dickmann concluded that
this meant no interference.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 11.— Henry
Flutch«, colored, was hanged at sun
rise to-aay for the murder of Lewis Roth,
16 years of age, August 27, 1900. At 6:43
a. m., thirty minutes after the 'fatal drop,
.a telegram was received 6y Sheriff Jo
seph E. Dickman from Governor Dock
ery granting a respite of fifteen days.
Slips While Crossing the Nat
ural Bridge at Upper.
Soda Springs.
Youthful Negro Makes a
Farewell Speech on
the Gallows.
Dunsmuir Young Lady Is
Drowned in the Sac
ramento.
Missouri ¦ Governor Or
ders Stay, but the
Man Is Dead.
HANGING FIRST;
THEN REPRIEVE
FALLS FROM LOG
INTO THE RIVER
MINT EMPLOYES TESTIFY CONCERNING
THE ROBBERY OF UNCLE SAM'S GOLD
Superintendent Frank Leach and His Assistants Tell How the Dis
appearance of $30,000 Was Discovered" and Why Suspicion
Was Directed Toward Chief Clerk Dimmick as the Embezzler
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBBAY, .APRIL 12, 1902.
Head of Order of United Moderns Will
Arrive in This State in .a Few Days -on
Tour of 'Inspection of Various Lodges
SUPREME CHANCELLOR
JOHNSON IS COMING
deposited there . two years before.
The witness next testified that visitors
had been in the vault in' company with
Cole. The only Hint employes, he said,,
who had access to the vault were Leach,
¦Dimmick, Cqle, Washington and Day,
when the latter took -Dimmlck's place as
'Chief clerk.
Do you know, when It was that these sis
pigeonholes became vacant? \
I could not tell you, sir. They must have
been .taken before the last settlement, In 1901.
Did you ever remain in the Mint until 5
o'clock?
• No.- air. '¦ ' I always left - before that hour.
When I' went down the 1 Mint -steps I never
went^back .until, t&e next- day. - -Infrequently
forgot my overcoat,- but never returned for it.
Attorney Schlesslnger then took the
witness in hand.
Would it be ' possible for any; one to take
a bas of coin out of that vault without you
linowir^ it? . - . . i {% -j
I ml^ht be deceived/ but no one ¦ ever, en
tered that vault or left It without my know
ing It. ¦ . ¦. ¦ :
Kept Tab on Sacks. V
P. ' T." Donnelly, an abstractor at the
Mint, testified that he represented Cashier
Cole during his absence, and also kept a
record of sacks taken out of the vault
when they were transferred to the vault
in the basement. He . was not cross-ex
amined.
John M. Currier, memorandum clerk at
the Mint, was the next witness. He tes
tified that 1390 bags were transferred to
the vault in the basement on June 23 and
29, 1901. He likewise escaped cross-exam
ination. . ,
Abraham Norton, an assayer, testified
that he has been employed as such for
eight years. He corroborated the pre
ceding witness as to the number of bags
transferred to the lower vault. June 2%
and 29. .
Samuel Randall, who was employed 'on
the days when the sacks- were transferred,
gave testimony merely, corroborative of
what. Currier and * Norton stated. . c . -
Frank A. Pedlar, assistant coiner at
the Mint, testified that he/ was weigher
and sealer on the 23th and 29th days of
June. He checked the coin as it passed
the lower corridor of . the Mint,
lie said 13S0 bags were checked by -him
during the two . days.
John McKay, a gold weigher at the
Mint, testified he was tally clerk on the
days in question. His testimony did not
differ from that given by preceding wit
nesses. : : ' \ .
Superintendent Leach was recalled ana
testified that six bags were transferred
by Dimmick to the -current cash and 117
bags were transferred to the .vault. This
was before the discovery of the loss of
the six bags. - The witness examined a
statement that Dimmick made to him oh
June 29, 1901, and it was introduced in
evidence.
'¦ : "What statement did Dimmick make when
he transferred this SSO.OOO?" asked Schlessln
ger. ¦ - . ; - • > . .
Dimmick told me he transferred it to getrit
out of, the way. :¦- ;.•'.¦
Frank D. Washington, cashier's clerk
in the Mint, was next called and testified
that $30,114,500 in double eagles should
have been in the cashier's vault on. June
29, 1801. .:¦ ¦\7t
Colonel H. P. Bush, the Mint book
keeper, was called and asked to <rlve the
amount of money that should have been
in the Mint at the close of the fiscal year
1901: He looked - in his book and stated
that 'there should have been $104,419,722 40,
but there (was \ actually on hand $104,389,
722 40— a shortage of $30,000.
-Lester Herrick, a. public accountant,
testified that he had examined the books
in - the cashier's\deDartment from July - 1,
1900, to June 29, 1901, and found a short
age of $30,000. ¦ ;
* Superintendent Leach . was . again ; re
called, and, testified that when the -loss
was discovered • he told xAmmick that it
was obvious he could no lonper remain in
the Mint/ and he gave him three months
to find- another; position.-. He said Dim
mick ; continued on : duty until \ July 3, but -
he was under surveillance all of the time. 1
He stated, that to his personal knowledge
Dimmick changed the combination of the.
cashier's vau^lt. ' ¦ .¦;•,.'•
- Peter ,- Cuneo, :• another employe of the
Mint, next testified .-.that ' there was 1 no
mlx-up during the transfer of /coin from
the cashiers vaultto the basement vault.
. -An. adjournment; was taken until Mon
day at 11 o'clock.
3
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Few people can understand tie feel-
ings of the pugilist as he is being- counted
oat. He hears the seconds ticked off.
He struggles to rise, but struggles in
vain. He has lost the fight.
There ere some who are making a
losing fight for life that can appreciate
this; those whose lungs are diseased.
With every tick of the watch, they know
that they are being counted out.
The great question is how can a quick
rally be made to continue tie fight
against disease? Many who have asked
that question have found a satisfactory
answer in the use of Dr. Piexce's Golden
Medical Discovery. It cures bronchitis,
obstinate,^ deep-seated - coughs, hemor-
rhage, night -sweats, emaciation, and
other conditions which if neglected or
unskilfully treated may find a fatal
termination in consumption.
"When I commenced taking:, Dr. Pierce**
Goldea Medical Discovery," write* Mr. John T.
Heed, of Jefferson, Jefferson Co.. Aric, «I was
very low with a cough, end would at times spit
v:p Dlood. I was not able to do any work at all.
«-as weak aad toy head was dixzy. - The first
bottle I took did me so much good that I had
:aith in it and continued nntil I had taken
twelve bottles. Now I do not look like nor feel
like the same man as* was a year ago. People
astonished and said they did not think I
could lire. I can thankmlly say that I am
entirely cared of a disease from which had it
cot been for your wonderful ' Discovery • I would
have died." '
There are cures behind every claim
tnade for the *» Discovery," which no
r just as good" medicine can show.
„ E*. Pierce'a Pleasant Pellets cleanse
tae bowels and stimulate ¦ the • sluggish
liver. \
r- _ -*— ,
-X^V^^j/ * Is a distinct type of the well dressed
• f \ \/wK\ woman because she wears the Keller j
¦jl : \ \ft^«7| v Tailor-made. Suits, which embody \
/ ifct ' v\»» exdusiveness of design, correct dress j
/^Avi^tlliir an< * £ood figure — three essentials of \
f/j^C properly made garments..
. ' pjjpB^iSfe Keller
'' \ \ are always exclusive, because they
~ I , v\k- are made in fabrics woven especially
A .:'L dt'J?^^ for the M. J. Keller Co. They ar%
. S '\<&4* correctly made, because they are
>^^ '*Ml 'i*'*?'" 1 *"*' raa( k entirely on our own premises
i^*J$iFgS»/ |t | yf^ by the most skillful workmen. There
Jpflailifc/^ uj. I jd/ * s a daintiness and yet stateliness of
Sfi^^^^^^^^^^^ figure which inheres in the Keller
>^*™-^**B**^^^ suits that stamps them with a distinct
individuality, and which makes the
women who wear them seem a little better dressed than other wo-
men. Our $37. SQ suits have these characteristics as well as our higher
priced ones. They are made in BROADCLOTHS. VENETIANS.
SCOTCH TWEEDS and the new and popular PANNA CLOTHS,
in all different shades and mixtures. These latter cloths are strictly
new and novel; ' \
1028-1030 MARKET STREET,
San Francisco, Ca!.COLLIES AND OTHER DOGS WHICH-WILL BE BENCHED AT THE SHOW OF SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB
TO BE HELD IN MECHANICS' PAVILION DURING THE LAST ; WEEK OF. THIS MONTH.' ENTRIES WILL
CLOSE TO-DAY WITH THE SECRETARY AT 138 MONTGOMERY STP.EET. , U' f '
ENTRIES -for, the dog show of the
San Francisco fCennel ¦ Club, to
be held in Mechanics' Pavilion
from the 23d to the 26th Inst'.,
will close to-day at the office of ;
Honorary Secretary L. A. Klein,
1 138 Montgomery street. The ad
vance entry has been large and of high'
claps,- making tne exhibition an assured
success. The names of Mrs. ¦ William A.
Deane and Mrs. J. Morse have been added
to the list of patronesses of the show.
Mrs. Joseph S. Tobln has entered her
Dachshund, Pretzel.,
G.M. Carnochan, the New York bank
er who will judge fox terriers at the show, ,
has left -.New York for the west, accom
panied by his wife. A: P. Vredenburgh
is also of the party. The latter is secre-
tary of the American Kennel Club, the
national governing body of the kemiel
world. They will go first to Seattle, where
they will be entertained as the guests i of
the Pacific. Kennel League. After that
they will view the Portland show and
will th*n start for this city. They are
due here on the 23d Inst. While In this
city they will be the guests of the San
Francisco Kennel Club.
The management of the show has
planned a pleasant diversion for the
jualefand guests of the club OnFriday
afternoon, during show week, they will
be taken on a locomobile ride to the Pre
sidio, park and Cliff House. . A start will
be made immediately after, the judging
of the special class for the best dog
owned and exhibited in the rlng^by a
lady. Many ladies are showing especial-
ly for this" valuable r>rize. ' •
George A. Cranfleld will judge grey
hounds at the show. He was chosen for
the important post yesterday at a special
meeting of the bench show committee of
the California -Coursmg Committee. He
judged greyhounds last year and gave
eeneral satisfaction. _ ,
George Malcolm will be at Union Cours
ing Park to-day to receive greyhound en
tries There are all manner of induce
ments for owners of greyhounds to enter
their dogs in the show They will have
a free ent/y in a stake at Lnion Park the
week following the show. TJxen each
owner receives a ticket to the show and a
chance at all the valuable prizes offered.
Judging will commence on Wednesday,
the opening day of the show, at 11 a. m
The snorty fox terriers will be the first
led into the ring, and G. M. Carnochan
will r>ass upon their merits.
At 2 o'clock Dr.' George W. Clayton of
Chicago will Judge the non-sporting
breeds, while John Davidson of Monroe.
Mich., will commence on the sporting
breeds. , t ' . '
At 8 pr m. the team class for the best
four of any breed for the Cresceus cup and
the brace sweepstake will be judged by
all judges in conjunction
- Thursday: 10 a. na.— Dr. Clayton and
Mr. Davidson will continue judging their
respective classes. _
2 p. m.-George A. Cranfield will judge
gr 8 ey p h °m n^The Hon. Ho Tow Imperial
Chinese Consul General, will judge Ori-
Major J." L. Rathbone will judge packs
of hounds for the Redolsheimer cup of
fered by the president of the Pacific Ken
"Friday 5 , 13 !" p. m.— Judging special for the
best dog owned and exhibited in the ring
by a lady. ' ¦ . ". >w x« .
8 p. m.— Judging of greyhounds in com
petition for the President's cup, offered
by A. B. Spreckels, and the Kent cup.
offered by the president of the Canadian
Kennel Club. ,
'Saturday: 3 p. m. — Grand parade or all
prize winners. . . - - ,
8 p. m.— Distribution of cups and medals
to the prize winners by the patronesses.
Auction sale of original posters con
tributed by San Francisco artists, for the
"benefit of the charity fund. ." /.:.,-'•
KENNEL CLUB SHOW AN ASSURED SUCCESS
THE SAN FIJ^^CISGO: GALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1902;
Magnificent Jlining Car, . tables:, set for
meals, waiters^ In attendance," lighted by*
electricity, on new Overland Llmited.-'in
vitations to inspect it at Oakland Picrto
nlght can-be secured at G13 Market street
Southern' Pacific..- . -• -\ : . '
Orlo Eastwood, secretary, of . the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association, will call
a meeting as , soon as "he can. learn
who the delegates of the Enclnal and
South Bay , yacht clubs are. ..The dele-
Bates of the Corinthian Yacht Club are
F. E. Schober. W. Corbett and T. J. Kav
anaugh, while those of the California
Yacht Club are K. Tt. l'Hommedieu, L. I.
Gale and George B. Edgar.' Commodore
R. S. Bridgman of . the San Francisco
Yacht Club appointed as its delegates ex-
Commodore W. N. McCarthy. G. T S
White and J. C. Cockerill. Mr. White
nays it • will be impossible for him~ to
serve. Orlo Eastwood is desirous of ' ha v-'
ing the business of the association settled
and to be relieved of the duties of secre
tary, which for two r.r three weeks about
the time of the annual regatta, are nu
merous and exacting. , -
CEICKETEBS ARE t READ Y
FOR SEASON'S OPENING
It had been Intended to hold the first'
cricket practice of : the season on the
ground at Webster street, Alameda, last
Sunday, but the Inclemeat weather pre
vented it. There Will be a practice to
day, beginning at 10:30 o'clock in the
morning.
At the annual election at officers of the
Pacific Cricket Club the following were
chosen for the coming year: President
Captain John Metcalf e: vice presidents
W. Balnaves and J. H.'.Haruour; captain'
H. C. Casidy. At a special meeting held
since the annual meeting A. W: Wilding
302 tffUIfornla' street, was chosen secre
tary. -The members of the executive com
mittee are: Captain John Metcalf e W.
Bal naves, J. H. Harbour, -H. C. Caaidy
A. W. Wilding, George Theobald, J, - J.
Theobald and F. Bonnion. The selection
committee consists of H. C. Casidy. John
Myers and W. Petherick, and the ground
committee is composed of T. J. A. Tiedf>
mann and A. W. Wildine.
Death, change of residence and matri
mony have made Kerious Inroads into the
ranks of the local cricketers. William
Hendemon of the Pacific Cricket Club was
recently taken away by" death and J. J
Moriarlty of the Alameda Club, one of
the best batsmen on the coast, has re
moved to Los Angeles Tor his health.
Robert B. Hogue,. captain of the Alameda
Club for several years, lately returned to
New South Wales, while matrimony has
claimed John - Myers and H. C. Casidy.
The last named, however, will continue to
play the old English game.
Both the city teams will, be somewhat
weaker this season than last 5'ear as they
have not replaced .the good players they
have lost. As both Harold Richardson
and E. G. Sloman are booked to play fcr
the Santa Cruz eleven this season the sca
eidft club should go near winning premier
position, whicli it lost by only a small
margin in 1901. Secretaries of clubs who
have not already sent lists' of their mem
bers to the secretary of the California
Cricket Association are requested to do
so at once, to-morrow being the last day
allowed by the by-laws for sending in
the rolls.
THE second", half of the second
• h6me-and-home .match . over.thir
ty-six holes between teams repre
senting the ¦ San Francisco* and
i Oakland Golf Clubs will be. played
this afternoon on the Presidio links. "The
Oakland team gained . so substantial a
lead \ last Saturday on their own course .
that- it .is 'hardly to be expected the San
Francisco. men. can overcome)it. As the
Oakland team .won 27 up last: Saturday,
the San Francisco men must win 27 up
this afternoon to tie the match, or 28 up
to turn partial defeat into . complete vie-,
tory. Though- it is likely the Presidio men,
playing on their own course, will diminish
the lead of the Oakland - golfers, ' it is
hardly probable , they -will . pass their
score."-" - . : ¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦
fn -the first interclub match, played on
December : 10 and- 17, lSOo," the San : Fran
cisco team won on. the Presidio ": links "by
the large score, of 50 up. The Oaklanders
were new at the game then. | E. R:,- Fol
ger, W. P. Johnson, ;R. M. Fitzgerald,
J. A; Folger and- F. S. Stratton, who
were in - 1 the . Oakland team ¦ on that day,
have practiced persistently 'and made
.themselves strong golf ers< W. P. | John
son especially has advanced' in his skill,
and f now v quite"frequently beats'- George
Smith, the- Oakland professional, 1' or 2
up. S.'L: Abbot Jr. was the- only man
In the city team who played ' for 1 San
Francisco in 1898. •¦>".,
• The San Francisco team to-day will
be strengthened . by the inclusion of B.
D. Adamson and- J. -W. Byr.ne. ,,'The
former, who lives at Sausalito, is out of
practice, as -there has been no -play, on
the Sausalito links for some months,, and
he has not beenable to visit the. Presidio
course. .. .'¦..¦ .' . ;i ¦ - ' ; ;.- -- •. ¦ -
The annual meeting of the Sausalito
Golf Club, will be held next -month, when
the . election of offlcers . to serve for' the
ensuing year will- take place. 1 '. Building
operations are. still 'being carried ¦ on at
:Fort Baker by. the United States Govern
ment; and, soi long as these are in pro
gress, it is useless for the golfers to at
tempt . to do ¦'• anything, toward j the j Im
provement of the course. • . , ; ,
Last Saturday, the preliminary, rounds
over ; eighteen holes were held on the links
of the San Rafael Club in the team' play
for men and women. .' There • were nine
teen entries, of whom "sixteen completed
the rounds, finishing in the 'following or
der: l.vR. .J/ Davis; 2, R: Gilman Brown;
3, Mrs. R. Gilman Brown; -4, George Hea-
zelton; 6. R. H. Ingram; 6.' R.'P. Rori-'
son; 7, E.-J. Hooper; 8, W/ J. Casey; 9.
F. :H.% GreenrlO, T. T. Williams;' 11, C.
Chrlstensen; 12, A. A. Curtis; 13. Carlton
Curtis; 14. Mrs; -George Heazelton; 15.
Mrs." Skinner; ,16, 'Mrs. Hooper. ;--JThe
match play, rounds >wiir be played to-day
over eighteen holes, beginning, at: 1:30
p.';, m." .According to ; the - previously ar
ranged plan for matching the contestants,
R.'J., Davis. will play against R. Gilman
Brown; George Heazelton against Mrs.
R. Gilman Brown; • R.--H. .Ingram against
R.t P. .; Rorison ; ,W.», J. 'Casey against E. J.
Hooper;*cF. " H. 1 ; Green; against T.^ T. Wil
liams; A.'A;Curtis against Charles Chns
tensen,; Carlton Curtis against Mrs. Hea
zelton, > and- Mrs. E. J., Hooper against
Mrs; Skinner '.;. - , • .
ANGLERS anticipate excellent sport
on Paper-mill Creek and on all the
streams inthe vicinity, of this city
to-morrow If the weather. remains
clear and warm. / Many; trout will be
taken on the spoon, while It is possible
the. fly may also be used. It remains to
bo seeh, whether the .freshet sent :the big
fish to the sea and the small ones up to
the headwaters. ' : ,
The Paper-mill still holds the fa.vor of
the men from this city, as their, chances
of securing a basket of fish", are as goo<l
there as anywhere. If ; no rain falls the
sport. should be good all along the creek.
E. -L. Goodman, Janies Chesley, Walter
Burtingame, James Watt andE..W.- Cur
rier will be among those on ihe stream.". *•
Last Sunday it rained heavily. and. the
water rushing down from the San;;Gero
nimo was. brick red in color. It at once
•put an end to" -the sp'ort. The.same.con
ditions prevailed : on, the supper ! -Sacra
mento. -The Powers party from this city,
eay the.rlver.lncreased in depth three feet
in one hour. -U" r V. s. .> .
• Since Sunday a lot of trout -have been
sent down from- the upper , Sacramento.
They weigh' from three-quarters of . a
pound up and are in fine condition.:-'
¦•A. M. Cumming, who ' is'.known from
one end of California to the*other as a
genuine sportsman, has been-placed -in- a
false position by;the'publicatlofr of^a par
agraph relating to the arrest of a man
who went. angling near Glen Ellen before
tht: opening of the season. •'¦: This man
gave the name- of Frank Harriman,. but
was afterward hailed - as VA1" by./, his
companions. This i is ' the name I by -which
Mr. Cumming's familiars, > address • him.
The latter knew he would nd-t be engaged
in illegal angling/ but have made life a
burden for the insurance man by joking
about the episode. ¦ ... /.^ :¦•
Mr. Cumming has a letter, written by
the attaches at his : place of •.busihess.
showing, he was in his office -in this city
when the man was under- arrestjat Glen
Ellen. The story as printed said the
poacher "was ctean-Bhaved, / while ,Mr.
Oummlng has a heavy mustache./ ¦ i r'.
Mr. Cumming will be oft to the'Klam
ath Hot Springs for the fishing : a week
from to-day.- - ¦ . .. • - ¦ . ; , •• ..- '
¦• Charles Hoff lost' half his line last Sun
day near Camp -Taylor, a? big. fish going
about with- line, leader and. spoon, as '.or
naments.' .¦.¦•..::¦•: '¦¦. i>'. ¦'.¦•¦ \ - •••: -",¦"-.
Bert Spring also. parted with a big fish;
who made, off with some of 'his ' tackle a3
a Bouvenir.' .' . .¦'-.-
Fishing is reported good "in ¦ the Lbs
Getos'Creek. ' . }'¦¦ : ' • ¦••¦'.< ¦. ¦ ->y ,
.; H. .T.'^Whitley and; party went to-Ben
Lomwid last Sunday and' found the water
so muddy they could do nothing.- •¦?•.•,•.¦•
. The members of the San -Francisco Fly-'
casting Club will meef at Stow Lake th'lr
afternoon and --to-morrow \V morning
their fifth series of contests.. '
Manager Harjls ; still needs another
catcher' to 1 complete his team; If Lahey
should injure himself ' in any way the
locals would be in a bad fix. McHale
might possibly do the backstop work, but J
tie:is out of practice and it is doubtful if
lie could deliver the goods as Lahey does/
The local manager ; is lucky in landing
brainy, players. Last season he had Parke
Wilson, a man who could handle the team
and also hit the: ball hard attimes. Wil
son was not captain but directed the
moyementsof the playerB. The baseball
public thought > Wilson could .not be re
placed, but in Shugart, Manager Harris
has a man who is fully the equal of Parke
in every department of the game. i
baseball seems to have taken a .firm'
hold in.* Los Angeles. Nearly 8000 people
witnessed the ppening game last ' Satur
day, 'avid. the Sunday' crowd was . even
larger,, a most remarkable attendance; for
a city of 100,000 inhabitants.
The players of both the San Francisco
and Sacramento teams are all making
kicks about the Oakland' diamond. They
say it is so uneven a ball cannot be fielded
properly. The outfield Is bo full of hills
and knolls as to render chasing flies there
• positivey dangerous to : the fields. ,
Morley was. wise in adding. Oscar Jones
to. his pitching staff. Jones has a. splendid
record with the 'Angels last year, and -as
he is. a young player his work should im- '
p.rove. ¦ •. ....
".Unglaub, complains of a sore thigh. He
injured it several. months, ago in the East
and- while he does any work it refuses to
heal... He. hurt it again in > Sacramento a
few. days : ago. It is worse now. than it
has .been in somp time.
'¦'There are five of the home team ¦ who
swing the willow from the left side. Bone,
Shugart-, Kane, Lawlor and Meredith all
¦hit in this manner,' which has- become pop
ular with the ball-tossing fraternity be
. cause of the easiness of buntings and
b"eating:out short hits to the initial bag.
Dr. . Mosklman amnsos ;;' himself .by
watching the game from tne press stand.
The- X>dc has a game arm arid • will not'
pitch until Ewihg's tribe arrives here.
Otherwise \ he says he is right and . can
pitch as well as ever. . ' / -
Parke Wilson, who caught for San
• Francisco last year, seeir.3 to; be it in
Colorado. A, Denver paper recently gave
him' half a page, write-up with ..several
pictures in characteristic poses. • .-.: .*•;
Morley would do well to give big Ather
ton more of : achancethis ;year than j he
tlld last. -When Atherton jjets ; started! he
i?;a. great .player and ¦¦ can ,hold ; down
nearly,, every :position. on the diamond.
Last season he was on the bench half the
time.; He 'became disgusted anddid not
show up in his' true. form. . :': '¦'-
The crowds who visit Recreation Paxk
will sadly miss .; the • cheery ; voice of
Youngey Jtjhnson 'on the; side lines.
Youngey used to-put life lnto;the dullest
of games,' and ' his monkeyshines always
made a hit 1 with the crowd: j He .will '.pitch
Jn. the Pacific-Northwestern League this
year. ; -¦ • ¦ ¦' : -y. ¦•¦¦¦¦.¦:¦ •¦¦ v .-;-v.^"C.
, Rube .Waddell had the Oaklands-athis
mercy-in Thursday's game. : Rube -can
probably pitch if. he wants; \ to get: in and
work. : If he gives Los Angeles . the low
down he will be sorry he ever signed with
them, for they rare the * worst-of vknock
;crs:,when they think a player, is: not idp
ing the right thing. ;\ . - " ; .•-"••>
¦ ¦ ¦ -, ..-..¦ - ¦¦ . ¦,
YLMd Many \Fine Trout
With Warm, Clear Weather
Paper Mill Greek Should
San Francisco Team Would
%-jn a )Bad' Way Should
Uhey; Sustain an injury
Oakland WilFvTry
to -Maintain ; Their Lead
of Last Saturday's Match
"UNCLE HENRY"
NEEDS ANOTHER
GOOD CATCHER
ANGLERS HOPE
FOR SPORT AT
POINT REYES
PRESIDIO LINKS
THE SCENE OF
TO-DAY'S GAME
O'VER at Tiburon and at Sausalito
the yachts are being made ready
for the coming, season. . the " San
Francisco" Yacht Club having se-
lected the 26th inst., and. the Co
rinthians-May 3, as their opening day?.
The California Yacht Club took, its first
cruise of the year last Sunday, but the
.weather was' §6 severe that, several of
the amateur tars were 'inclined to think
too early a date had been . chosen for
opening the season. ' George E. Miller's
sloop Occident, which was driven by ' the
storm against the-, Tiburon ferry, slip, . was
chafed considerably, though her crew
iised mattresses, coats, blankets and
everything available as fenders. It will
be necessary to 'replace two planks. ' E.
Bouquet's sloop Hope was driven on the
Berkeley mud flats. She suffered no seri
ous.damage. Dr. T. L. .Hill brought his
sloop Cygnus . down from Corte Madera
Creek, where she lay during the winter,
to Sausalito last Sunday afternoon, right
In the teeth of the southwester. :
Boatkeeper Lang .of the San Francisco
Yacht Club' had a hard chase after the
cutter Folly last v Sunday afternoon. Al
though she. fouled the ferry slip at Sausa
hto and pounded against it for some time
she at last got free- and was blown on the
mud In Kicnardson iBay.
-The yawiKoyal. which last season was
chartered by \V. M. Edgell and W. G
Morrow, will be sailed this year by F tU
Muchmore^and W. Spencer of tie San
*Yancisco Yacht Club.
-The yawl Seven Bells has been lying on
the .ways at South San Francisco during
m£ a £ lnt ?£ She ls b «J"S Put into com-
Belle. Josie and Sans Souci and the vawls
Arcturusand Neptune. The Corinthian
sloop Mignon will be put on the wavVnf
r^s^ad^^ 00 ind * »" ha^onte 1
• The sloop Presto has been on the wavs
at Harbor .View and has had a -lead ifiel
P u V° K n j n place 0( the. iron one which shi
had before. Last Sunday Frank atf^t
f a» e <i her over to Tiburon. K frriv
by* the siooTr? 1^ fo "nd them occupied
oy.me^siooD Genesta,- so he workM v>iZ
Zun h /°, U n e^ the J'a'chts u^i^Vhe r^
aground in the mud. -The exsencsA TTi
putting the sloop Presto into trim il be
L n^ bQn^ by the Corinthian Yacht Club
E F- e ' COn , Slstlns o£ Commodore'
v~J' a aga ? an - d ex-Commodores J. w
Harpoon will put one head sail on her ln-
V?* il m the^ two £ he has hitherto carried
and will reduce her waterline by takine
0U .V« ball , ast - If 8he ls brought down to I
h aili 7f tK, nsth of thlrty-thrle feetshe win
be eligible as a defender of the Perpetual
cup against The Challenger. In that cue
the committee, will hold a series of trial!
of speed the ; Harpoon and the
Presto. The boat that, proves the faster
.will be selected as the defender It has
been suggested the Presto is rather llght-
V bu'tto stand the strain of a helvy
JSfef?2id^.1?-iSSS a huu - mU3tbl
Vm A k 1 ?,* 1^ ot the California Yacht
.Club, held during an intermission in- the
Jinks last, Saturday, night, .. sixty-eignt
members were present and unanimously
voted; to incorporate. The seven officers
of the club were chosen directors of the
proposed ¦ corporation. As soon as the
necessary affidavits have - been made an
application will be filed for a certificate of
incorporation. , The California Yacht
Club wishes • to -acquire an anchorage at
the mouth of San Antonio Estuary, near
the southerly v pier head of the narrow
gauge mole, to save the tedious, beat. out
of the creek and the long run home with
a light breeze at the end of a cruise.
In the heavy weather of last Sunday the
sloop Pactolus . had a large piece carried
away from her mainsail and her jib torn
so that a new suit of sails will be neces
sary. The flagship Thelraa lost a hatch
way overboard; • and, after making sev
eral unsuccessful attempts to pick It up
in the rough water between Angel Isl
and . and the mouth of the creek, aban
doned it.
A SINGLE sculling race has been ar
ranged between A. TV. Pape and
Henry Peterson, and the former
has already begun training for
the event. Pape will be coached
by the old oarsman, Leander Stevenson.
There have been rumors for the past two
or three years that Pape would . became
a professional oarsman, as he has al
ready defeated all the local sklffmen and
shellmen, most of" them on several occa
sions. He has also beaten the Portland
single scullers on their own waters..
Members of*.the Ariel Rowing Club held
their regular monthly meeting: on Monday
night, at which it was decided to hold
another : boxing tournament next month
for the benefit of the building; fund. The
first tournament given under the man
agement of the club brought out some
spirited fighting, and was successful
financially.
It is proposed to make an effort to add
the names of fifty new members to the
roll, and with the view of encouraging
young men to apply for membership, the
initiation fee has been reduced from $5
to ?1 for the next sixty days.
K. J. Lynch has been appointed a com
mittee to confer with the directors of thf»
South End Rowing Club and hopes to be
able to make arrangements whereby the
Ariel oarsmen may be permitted to use
the South End boathouse as training
quarters. II these arrangements are
made, the .barge crews of the Ariela will
at once begin practice for the Fourth of
July regatta.
The Olympic Boat Club members held
a meeting on Monday night, at which
Captain S. J. Pembroke was instructed
to prepare designs for a club uniform to
be considered . at a special meeting set
for the 21st inst. Captain Pembroke pro
poses to give points for places In a series
of regattas to be held during the present
year for five trophies that have been
presented to the club, the five members
making the highest number of points to
capture the prizes.. The first regatta will
be held early next month. . The officers
of the boat club will appear before the
directors of the Olympic Club at their
next meeting .and will ¦ endeavor to get
them to permit an butrigged skiff to be
set up In the swimming tank so that
oarsmen may ' practice/ \ ; The board has
already decided adversely on this mat
ter, but it is hoped to induce the direc
tors to emulate. the Justices of the Su
preme Court by reversing their former
decision.
The Alameda Boat Club held its regu
lar meeting -on Tuesday night, at whicn
it was decided to issue Interest-paying
bonds to the members, the funds to be
expended in buying three pleasure yawls
and a new four-oared barge for the use
of the crews in the annual regatta.
The south wester last Sunday almost en
tirely put a stop to rowing from - the
South End boathouse. George" Wright
and D. Methmann pulled around the bat
tleship "Wisconsin, but shipped a great
deal of water in „• returning. Dr. C. C.
Dennis started out in a skiff, but after
proceeding a little way put back, Charles
Jenkins, : financial secretary and a most
active member of the South End Rowing
Club, will leave next month for a trip
to England, his old home. He will try to
arrange to meet the amateur ; - welter
weight wrestling champion of England.
If he does so, he will enter as a member
of the Olympic Club. F. L. Fenton and
C. A. Lowe were elected members. Last
Sunday the handball court was fully oc
cupied all day. It Is probable that a tour
nament will be arranged for next month.
-The regular monthly meeting of th*
Dolphin Boating Club was held on
Wednesday evening. A. W. Pape, Georg9
Baker W. O. Patch and T. R. Dixon were
selected captains of the four barge crews.
The entries close and the crews will b»
chosen to-morrow" at the boathouse. Th»
races will take place on May 4. on which
pay luncheon will be served on the beach
in front of the ' clubhouse. - The schooner
trip and clambake for the members will
take pJace on May 13, the committee In
charge of -the outing being T. R. Dixon,
Fred Selbel. Leo D. Wlenand. Frank Cur
££• W '-r» A - D °novan, T. J. Kennedy and
W.O. Patch.
Preparations Are Weil Under
.Way for Coming Season
of the Various Boat Clubs
Crack Sculler of the Coast
Is Matched to Meet Henry
Peterson in a Boatrace
YACHT SAILS
ARE BENT ON
AT SAUSALITO
PAPE AGREES
TO BECOME A
PROFESSIONAL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
11.— Alter the hard-fought baseball
game last Saturday, in which Cali
fornia won because of the inability
of the Stanford nine to hit Overall's
curves, the cardinal team has been work-
Ing faithfully with the h'ope of winning
the second game to-morrow. There ,has
been but. one game played during . t the
week, that with Santa Clara College on
Thursday, but the players have been put
ting in two hours daily in fast, snappy
practice, which promises to show .favor
ably In the game to-morrow.
Coach Swindells has had his colts de
vote most of their time to "stick" work.
He feels certain if they Improve In bat
ting that the second intercollegiate game
will be a cardinal victory. The tielding of
the Stanford players in last Saturdays
game was considered by most of the spec
tators to be of a higher order than Cali
fornia's.
There will be no change in the varsity
line-up to-morrow unless it be in the box.
Both Parker and McFarland have done
good, consistent work at this position
during the week. It is possible the for
mer may be given a ! chance to pitch
agairst the blue and gold nine, although
the work of McFarland last .Saturday was
satisfactory both to the coach and to the
rccters. The plucky game put up by the
varsity against California has raised the
hopes of the students here. It is. ex
pected a large contingent will go to
Berkeley ' to-morrow.
While there is practically no chance for
Stanford to win the intercollegiate field
meet. Trainer "Dad" Moulton is pleased
with the improvement shown by his men
during- the week. Dunn "04 and Smith '03
have both run the quarter in ' :51 2-3,
which will probably insure, eight points
for Stanford in that event.. Henley's.In
jured ankle still keps him off the track.
It is probable he will be unable to partici
pate in the intercollegiate field day. '.
"BERKELEY, April 11.— TJie second
baseball game between the University of
California and Stanford University will
take place to-morrow afternoon on the
Berkeley campus. California has already
won one of the series and should victory
come to it again the season's work, so far
as intercollegiate contests are concerned,
will be over. Should Stanford win, another
game will have to be played* to decide the
The State University men are looking
for success again. They won the last
game on* a strange campus and on their
home grounds expect a big. score in their
There will, be no change in the line-up
over the previous game. Overall, whose
pitching has been a feature in all games
in which California has taken part, will
again be in the box. The rest of the line
up will be as follows : Hatch, catcher;
Hendrlcks, first base; Braly, second base;
Kennedy, -third base; Adams, shortstop;
Hamlin. center Held: Heltmuller, left
field; McKeown, right field. ,
Manager Decoto is, in receipt of com
munications from Northern universities,
asking for- games with the. varsity nine
some time in June. The Universities of
Oregon. ¦- Washingtpn > and Vancouver
havo asked for : games ,and several clubs
would like to meet the California bo.ll
tossers. So far no action has been taken,
but there is a strong probability the chal
lenges will be accepted; . '
The ¦ California • track athletes have
been training steadily during the past
week. Each day has seen them out twice.
will continue next week, lessening,
however, toward the end, so that the men
may be rested for.the intercollegiate meet
of April 10. Although the entries have
not been made officially, they will be
picked a3 follows: i. *
' 100-yard dash— Cadogan, Brown, Abadie,
Townsend, Hussey. 220-yard dash — Cadogan,
Brown Abadie. Quarter mile — Howard, Ser
vice. Lfpda. Bralnard, Kuster. Half-mile —
Service, Edwards, Graydon. ¦ Smllle. One mile
— Redewill, H. H.- Minor, Service. Woods, Dob
bins. Two miles— Tlbbetts, Wfestaahl. H. H.
Minor. 120-yard hurdle — Cheek. Powell. Ham
lin. Hannigan. Thompson (dental). 220-yard
hurdle — Cheek, ' Powell. Hannigan. Shotput-
•Plaw, Fautt, Coombs. Braly, Overall. Ham
mer throw— Plaw, Hartline, Albertson. Broad
Jump— Hussey.- H. S. Minor, Metcalf. ToDham
(medical). High. Jump — Powell, Cooley, . Cheek,
Kruschke. Pole vault— Wllcox, Eymmes, Geary.'
SIXTEEN of the fleetest greyhounds
In California will meet next week
at Union Coursing Park in a cham
pion stake. Owners of fast dogs
snapped at the chance of compet
ing for the rich prize and no difficulty
was experienced in securing the ilesirci
number of entries at $25 each. This will
be the most valuable stake since the de
cision of the California Plate.
Frank Cushing, secretary of the Inter
state Coursing Club, reports that 104 first
payments of $2 50 each have been made
for the Futurity stake of 1902. This will
be run in September. Emin Pasha will
be represented by twenty-six of his
progeny from seven dams. Fetter Free
has twelve from three dams. For Free
dom nine from three dams and Fortuna
i'avente nine from two dams.
For the Futurity of li>03 nearly seventy
five youngsters have already been listed.
.Alameda Kennels' Lottie il ami Mystic
Maid are to be mated with Fetter Free.
The latter is a litter brother of For Free
dom. He has the advantage of never hav
ing been coursed. He broke his leg in a
trial and was at once retired to the stud.
The lir*=t of his progeny-y-Silver Heels,
winner of the Belle Brandon cup: Lcola,
Lost Chord, Old Ironsides and others —
have shown well on the lield.
The English greyhound Graphite in
showing speed over her kennel mate
Gambit. Joe Trade expects her to prove
the better performer of the two.
Harry Perigo's great little greyhound
Bone has been sick for some time. She
can neither be bred nor courses! in her
present condition.
Mitcbel 1 . Curtis has gons to Los. An
geles with Vulcan, King Cottoi and four
other greyhounds from his kennel. The
proposed trip to Texas has becu aban
doned.
A thirty-two-dog reserve stake will be
run to a conclusion to-day at Union
Coursing Park. There will also be one
round of an open stake. The remaining
rounds of the latter, with a thlrty-tWo
dog special stake, will be run to-morrow.
The likely winners seem to be:
Special stake— Roman Athlete, Ireland, A. J.
Mai tin. Luxor, Anchor, Master Rocket, Har
l«an Oaldjs, Vandal, Tralee Boy, Lost Chord
l>ewdrop. Santonin, Narcissus, Merrlmac Fair
Oaks. Chart*.
Hescrve stake — Tim Murphy, Lusmagh Lad
Blackhawk. Dathy, Rollicking Airs, Pn>I
metheui". Reckless Admirer, Little May Octo
ber Lad. Prairie Flower, Master Bly, Arbacus,
Yellowtall, Real Lassie, Onward and Sally
Brass. *
Open stake— Lundin Links. Gilmore. Cruiser.
Fenil. Mose. Klttleman, McHenry, Gambit,
Liberator. White Hat. Crockett Hill. Honesty.
Prompto. Lovina, Cascade, Sugar Cane. Brutus
Lilac. Miss Wilson, Sempronius, Bright Odd.
Jingle Bells, Fannie Hughle. Little Kullerton
Lady Cnlquita, Lawrence, Flower of Gold, Ty-
A??* o£ rl , nce ' Flery Friend, Royal Friend,
-Miss Shirley and Belfast.
All ihe Fast* Greyhounds
to Compete, in Special
Event at Union Park
University of California's
C ack Pitcher Will Be in
Box To-Day at Berkeley
CHAMPION DOGS
NOMINATED FOR
A RICH STAKE
OVERALL READY
TO MEET THE
STANFORD MEN
4THE OAL lU'S ::R.:a.OI1TGS- POEM CttAiRT
SHANGHAI, April 1L— The rioters at
Ningpo, a city of the province of Che
kiangr. dispersed on the arrival there of
two German gunboats.
Rioters Are Dispersed.
Ware has met Mr. Roosevelt only three
times, but the President knew him
through his writings.
I have not at any time made application for
the place and have not exerted myself to tha
extent of sending In a single letter of recom
mendation. The President mentioned - it to
me during: my last visit to 'Washington, whila
I was there helping: Attorney General Goddard
in the Colorado-Kansas irrigation case. I have
not yet | received any official notice of my . ap
pointment and until I receive It I will not say
whether or not I will accept the place.'
TOPEKA, Kan., April 11.— Eugene Ware
was much surprised to-day when ha
learned of his appointment to the position
of Pension Commissioner. He said:
Ware was born at Hartford. Conn., ia
1841. He enlisted in the Civil War in Com
pany E, First Connecticut Volunteer In
fantry, serving afterward In Company
F, Fourth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, and
Company F, Seventh Iowa Cavalry,
finally becoming captain of the last
named organization. He also saw service
In the Indian wars, and in these cam
paigns was badly wounded. After leaving
the army he moved to Fort Scott, Kan.,
and in 1S71 was admitted to the bar; waa
a member of the State Senate and twice
a delegate to the Republican National
Convention.. Later he moved to Topeka,
He is "the author of many sketches,
pamphlets and legal essays, and under
the nom de plume of "Iron Quill" has
written a number of poems.
: It was stated at the White House that
the President desired to appoint some
man whom he knew well, and that if pos
sible he should come from Kansas. Ha
did not consult with the Kansas delega
tion, although Senator Burton, who was
at the White House, said the appointment
would have his entire avji hearty support.
"WASHINGTON, April 11.— Eugene F.
Ware of Kansas has, been selected by tha
President to succeed H. Clay. Evans as
Commissioner of Pensions. Ware is from
Topeka, Kan., and Is a member of the
law firm of Gleed, Ware & Gleed.
HONORS FALL
TO A KANSAN
EDDIK HANLON and Frankie Neil
f QUglit. at the Acme Club, Oakland,
last night what is regarded by all
who saw It as one of the gamest
and most sensational flf teen-round bouts
In the history, of California boxing. It
was -for- th& bantam-weight championship
of the Pactftc^Coast,. but was declared a
draw by Referee Jack Kitchen.
Both boys entered the ring at 112
pounds. Twice before they have mat
within the ropes and on both occasions
Hanlon came out victorious. Last night's'
battle was for glory 'and gore and tha
little fellows covered themselves with
both in their gritty struggle.
Hanlon was the. aggressor in nearly all
of the fifteen rounds, but Neil waa worth
Kim- from beginning to end, and, as the
gong sounded each three-minute limit, ho
was usually putting up a phenomenal
fight. -The recuperative power displayed
by* both boxers was marvelous.
Hanlon went right after his opponent :n
the flrst round and put Nell down with
rib-roasters,, but the latter exhibited littte
signs of .weakness as a result. He gave
as hard, as Jhe received. Neil planted two
terrific left swings on Hanlon' 3 jaw in the
second round,: which roused tne recipi
ent's ire. and he played a tattoo on Neil's
stomach. :
Hanlon took a great amount of punish
ment In-- the -third, but waa ready for
more. '. Neil . stopped many of Hanlon's
vicious uppercuts with his Jaw and head
in the fourth. Hanlon got a powerful
right on the Jaw In the fourth round,* but
before the bell he seemed to have Neil
going.
- The fifth was a hammer-and-tongs af
fair. Hanlon started the blood from
Neil's nose in the sixth. Both boys fought
each other to a standstill in the seventh
and eighth rounds. Hanlon fell outside
the ropes in the ninth. Both boxers were
tired In this round. Neil fought fiercely
in the tenth. Hanlon tried to put him
out, but could not. The eleventh and,
twelfth *were whirlwind affairs. Hanlon.
tried time and again to plant a- finishing
punch, but lacked the steam. The last
three rounds were hard ones, and when
the referee declared the mill a draw hl3
ruling was received favorably.
Dave Barry fought a great eight-round
draw with Harry Foley and "Cyclone"
Kelly won a four-round bout from Jack
Williams.
Manager Lavigne was congratulated
upon the success of the fights.
Gameness of the Little Box
ers Gains the Admiration
tf the , Many Spectators
Spectators ' Pronounce It One
of the Most Sensational
Ever Seen in California
FRANKIE NEIL
FIGHTS HANLON
A DRAW BOUT
•; 'ALBANY, '..;N.- J ; £ Y.; .• April ; ll.^Governor
Odelli. to-day f' signed . a bill appropriating
$100,000 ' f or a statue 1 of the late ; President
McKinley In- Buffalo. / v •
McKinlev Statue" for. 1 Buffalo.
At a ' moderate' price— one ..that looks" good
and Is good?;' Made 6f genulnej ba'sswooJ,
brass ; trimmed, V ; with.; leather "straps '-and
two'trays.Mt Is a leader in our trunk "de
partment and the price is $7 50. i We have
.arspecial* suit' case- also at J6 50that"is
equally ; good*, and ¦ cheap. Sanborn.. Vail
& Co., 74V Market street., ;. •/." ---'¦ *r •;
Do You Want a -Trunk
;- NATCHITOCHES," Laf. April 11— An un
known negro,' who shot and killed Deputy
Sheriff r J. \ B. \ Thomas, ; near -Victoria, La. ,
was ' captured to-night ; by a mob of fifty
and shot to pieces. Deputy Thomas was
killed while he was : attempting , to arrest
the - negro, who : had shot ; and wounded
another • nesro.
Negro 'Is Shot to Pieces.
'WASHINGTON. -April 11.—Representa
tive Robinson to-day introduced a bill re
stricting; the leases, V sales,, etc., of the
public : yinds , of Hawaii until Congress
otherwise directs. The bill grows\ out of
a v recent decision of the Interior Depart
ment that the Governor of Hawaii -had
the right to lease "the; land_s vand that
Governor Dole might >e*"£nt extension of
present leases. Robin&on -has secured
theadoptlon of .are3Olution inviting Gov
ernor Dole, • who is now herer to appear
before ihe: House "committee.-
Dole's Opinion Will Be Asked.
:'-' PAR! S. "April 11.— At? the \ Maisons La
PItte Jraces • to-day ,W. K. Vanderbilt's
Bright'\ (Jenkins) , at ; 20 to ' 1; .won the Prix
Melgache;/; Mr. ¦Vanderbilt's " Arieg :was
not- placed 'in- the Prix deSantuil." Mc-
Intyre i (American 'jockey) v rode • theiwin
ner of 'the Prix, de Boissey. .Milton Henry
had the -mount on the horse which won
the ; Prix Lessarle leChene. ;
American Jockeys Win in Paris.
~ Fifth ' race, ' four furlongs — Eva Russell won.
Lady Like second, Sarah Maxim third. Time.
:51: ¦.-.'¦¦ v \ - ¦¦ : ..-- ¦;--- r.;;: >i, . • -- .',
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— Me Williams won; Trebor second, A. J. Gates
third.: Time, 1:40%. . .
.-¦Fourth race,' Chlckasaw. : handicap, seven and
a half furlongs— Vulcalnwoiv Brigade second.
Wax Taper, third. Time. 1:35%. . s-
Harouche" second, Our Jessie • third. Time.
1:29%'. -.
"WASHINGTON. April 11.— Generals de
Russey, "Burt and Sheridan, who yester*
day^were" confirmed as brigadier generals^
have applied for retirement and will " be
retired in a few days. . Colonel Moott
Wooten of. the. Twenty-eighth Infantry,
who will retire for age on the 16th inst..
and : other veterans of the Civil War
nearing the age of retirement, will be ad
vanced to- the grade; of brigadier general
before, their retlrementrif it can be done
without impairing the efficiency of the
service. Probably included in this list
are Colonels Snyder, Hood, McKibben.
Lincoln and others. .:
Three Generals to. Be Retired.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The House
Committee on Agriculture, in order to
expedite the bills passed, decided to-day
to recommend the acceptance of the Sen
ate-amendments to- the oleomargarine
bill. The. opponents of the bill believe
there are parliamentary difficulties still
in the way of the final disposition of the
measure, notwithstanding to-day's action.
It is claimed that as the Senate amend
ments make changes in the revenues they
cannot be concurred In until the House
has considered them in committee of the
whole. This, it is claimed, will require a
special rule, and the opponents of the
bill claim to have ground for belief that
this special rule "will not be given.
Effort to Expedite Legislation.
Stanislaus had been working around the
mining camps for, years. - He did not
spend much of his wages carousing with
the miners, but he was not considered a
miser.. A letter found indicates that the
deceased had a sister in Norway, but the
letter was I brown with age and it was
very difficult to read. Another letter
contained a clipping from a San Fran
cisco paper with part of a story about
the sinking of a vessel. One of the crew,
Severson Stanislaus, was among the
drowned. An effort will be made to lo
cate relatives. Some of the officers be
lieve Stanislaus > was' a member of the
gang. that has been stealing bullion and
robbing sluice boxes, but he had never
been suspected before of any crime, be
ing, regarded as a model of industry and
honesty.
Search of his , cabin revealed a small
fortune, . amounting . to almost . $16,000 In
gold, Ills ' and' silver. The money was
sewed in sacks and most of It had been
cached under the floor,' although some
was standing in cans on shelves,' the re
ceptacles being partially filled with
muddy water.- The ¦ first ¦ discovery was
made when some one threw the contents
of 'one of the cans to the ground. Fur
ther search ; revealed the balance, of the
cache. - . ; :v;; >¦¦ ' /-t. 1 ;
BOISE, Idaho, April 11.— Joe Stanislaus,
a woodchopper, has been found dead near
the mining "camp of Deal, where hfe had
been working for some time getting out
wood . for a i mining camp. A tree was
lying over his body, indicating the man
ner In which he met his death.
FIND FORTUNE CACHED
IN A CHOPPER'S CABIN
Attorney \ Brewton Hayne, who appear
ed as counsel for -the lads, said the- ap
pointment of a guardian was desired by
the boys, who declined longer to be ruled
by. their | mother. \ On this showing the
court made the appointment as stated
with' bonds in the sum of $500 for each
boy. . \'~i-'- YM-'
. It was represented by Mrs. Bell that the
two boys— Eustate and Reginald Bell,
aged 17 and 18 ! years respectively — had
outgrown her influence : and that they
would no ' longer comply with her com
mands. -The boys were in St. Mary's
College in. Oakland for some time, but
withdrew from that Institution at the re
quest of the mother. Attorney Blakc
man, who represented Mrs. Bell in the
matter, .acknowledged 3 that this act was
a serious error. ¦•. r. : -" >V' '
The petition of Mrs. Teresa Bell, widow
of Thomas Bell, whose estate has been
in ¦ sensational litigation for many years,
for the 'appointment of a guardian for the
minor children was heard by Judge Cof
fey yesterday. The petition was granted
and Attorney J. B. Carson was appointed
guardian.
Tneir Mother, Whose Author
. ity They Defy.
Minors Refuse to Be Governed by
GUARDIAN IS APPOINTED
FOR THOMAS BELL'S SONS
The Davis cups doubles tournament, set
for last Sunday, will be played to-mor
row. The tournament committee will have
a hard question to solve when it comes to
arranging the handicaps. '. Whether the
Smith brothers will play Collier and
Crowell on even terms; and, if so.whether
they will be called .upon- to allow the
tame handicaps afe the latter, "are ques
tions that will materially affect the final
dispositions of. the trophies. -They -will
undoubtedly go to one of these teams,
with the odds slightly in favor of the
Smith brothers, | who have to win them
but once more, while Collier and Croweil
must win them twice.
¦ Several matches -have ; already betin
played. O'Brien beat Linstrom 6-4, Grif
fith beat Halloran 6-3, London beat Rob
irson 6-4 and Ross beat La Garde 6-2.
Another . handicap .. tournament for
juveniles was started on the Park courts
during the, wetk. Fifteen boys and one
girl entered and were drawn as follows:
A. MacFarland vs. 'G; Foley. (scratch);
Linstrom (15) vs. W; O'Brien (scratch); K.
Marr (owe 15) vs. G. Knickerbocker
-(scratch); L.Halloran (one-half 15) vs.
Griffith (owe 15); London (one-half 15) vs,
Robinson (one-half 30);. Saunders (one
half 15) vs. Greenough (owe lb);"' Miss
Gardner (one-half 30) vs; Roy Page (one
half 15); La Garde, (scratch) vs. C. R03S
(owe 15). " - . . »;
intercollegiate championship tour
nament, to be decided on the California
Club courts next Saturday morning. At
the end . of May. the championships of.
Northern California will be played at
Sacramento and. the championship of OJal
Valley at the latter place. -There Is more
interest in the' former, tournaments than
there has ever been before. The rivalry
between the different . towns of the north
ern counties this year is keen.' -
The principal . topic < of- conversation
among tennis . enthusiasts at present is
the intercollegiate matches. In spite of
the fact that California is almost sure to
win, a great .deal of Interest is being
shown in the coming -events. -:' : r- .
SEVERAL, important events . in ¦ the
tennis world are . set for the lat
ter part of this month and next
month. The flrst of. . these Is the
I htercollegiate Championships
V. Are to Be Decided in
This City Next Saturday
Many Important^ Events .Are
Scheduled -for Next Two
Months on the Courts
TENNIS MEN
ANTICIPATE AN
ACTIVE SEASON
SELECTIONS FOR'; TO-DAY.
•j. First < r ace— Wolhurst, El Pilar,
Lento. " «.••':> "Z i ; '-"*¦>.
..Second- race— Mijas, . Impromptu,
Captain Gaines. * - V .
out— By Chri«tall 4. Hit by pitcher— Mohler.
Paired ball— Gorton. . Wild pitches— Hartwell,
Slaple. ' Time of game — 2:20. Umpire— Mc-
Donald. - .
.William Elmore and Georgle 1 Elmqre,
his wife, appeared, before Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of vagrancy.- They
were accused of teaching Mary Walker,
a prstty girl 19 years of age, to smoke
opium. The "girl left her home, three
months ago and had been . living at. 311
Grant avenue. Elmore admitted yester
day that:hewas a victim, of „ the. opium
habit and said he was a bartender at the
Richelieu. His wife was convicted and a
decision in his case was reserved; till to
day. Inquiry at. the Richelieu elicited' the
fact that no -such person of "that name
had been employed. there as a bartender
or anything else. '. , -¦¦%:;. ;¦ .• ¦ .. : '
Taught Her the Opium Habit.
; WASHINGTON.'- April i 11.— Bennlngs ¦««»
m First race C five and " a half furlongs— Bloim
won, , Meisterslnger 1 second, • Pigeon Post third. 1
Time 1:10 3-5. • j 1 . ; ~' *^' *-*'¦* '•¦¦ '¦¦> ¦''." ¦• r*"* '-'*''
k ¦ Second race, ; four, and a half furlongs — Blue
Peter won,.Benduro second. Squid third. Time;'
I' -Third race,: seliing. six and a half .furlongs—
The Hoyden; won. Man of .War second, Essene
third.. Time.: 1:23 4-5. - : ¦,
- --¦ Fourth • race,' . four • furlongs— -Glorloso >¦'. won.
Geisha Girl second. Red Knight third. 'Time,
- ¦FJ'th race,- seven. . furlcngs— Merry .Hours
won. Odds and Ends second, Father Dan third.
Time, 1:29 4-5. V- . ' • .0 ; ¦
V. Sixth = race.' one . mile and fifty yards— Alack
won,' All Saints second;, Cherished third. .'.Time,'
1:4B. ' -• ¦--¦¦ -¦""/¦ ---• ¦' ¦ .' ' .'.'¦', .. ¦ : .
¦ MEMPHIS,' » Tenn.", April 11. — Montgomery
Park results:- ¦ . ' . ' .:-.,: \ •
¦¦¦ First race, selling, six furlongs— Theory 1 won,
Ben Battle second, ¦ Orleans third. Time. '1 :1C.
;; Second* race, " selling, -four and .^aMialf -fur
longs-^-The Don. won. ' King's Lady second,- Gold
Bell ; third. > Time.- :B& . - , . ' .
.Third race.: seven furlongs — Marque ,won.
Eastern Racing Results.
Third race—The Fretter, Grafter,
Limelight.; " , {r A '"¦¦ '- . ; . ¦ .
: Fcrurth race—High Chancellor, Hoh
iton; Sylvia Talbot:
Fifth face— -Position, MacGyle, Colo
nel Ballantyne. - . ;
¦ Sixth "race— Glendenning, May' W,
Sea Queen. . : ; _iJ ;
W0B_ TO COMMENCE
ON PACIFIC CABLE
Vice President George GrayWard
Definitely Announces Where It
*Will Be Located.
Vice President George Gray Ward of
the Commercial Cable Company an
nounced last night that the' Pacific cable,
which . will have San Francisco for. one
of its eastern landings, will be carried
seven miles under ground, through the
streets, to the Postal Telegraph office in
the Hobart building. It will start from
a -point near the life-saving station on
the north side of Golden Gate Park. . -
It • Is expected that : the , laying of the
cable will be completed before Thanks
giving day. The cable has long beende
slred by the people of this city and in
fact by the people of the whole coast.
It will prove of inestimable convenience
in the transaction of business. -. :
Second day— 20 birds, $25 added; Gold Dust
tncdal. $25 added; 20 birds, Gold Dust medal,
$25 added; 16 birds, novice, $25 added; Antloch
6-men trophy,'' 20 birds. High gun to win.
One money to be created for every three en
tries.
First day — 20 birds, $25 added; Allen trophy,
20 birds, $25 added; 20 birds, $25 added ;Golcher
trophy, $25 added, and the Crystal Palace .3
tnan tenm rcee.
Will Shoot at Ingleside Traps To
- Morrow to Determine Ownership
of Olympic Gun Club Trophy.
Edgar L. Forster and Fred Feudner
will meet at r the Ingleside traps to mor
row to shoot off their tie for the ttrst of
the Olympic Gun Club trophies.
The members of Golden Gate Gun Club
will smash bluerocks at Ingleside, while
the Empire Gun Club men will hold their
regular shoot at Alameda Point.
The members of California Inanimate
Target Association have decided to hold
their annual shoot on May 31 and June 1.
A programme was arranged, but no loca
tion for the shoot waa selected. This
will be left open so some of the interior
cities can bid for the privilege of hold
ing the affair. The programme follows:
FOBSTEB, AND FEUDNEB
TO DECIDE THEIB TIE
' ' ' ¦ *'-.•'. ¦¦ : - • . ,•.,-,.. '; •v. r ;. " \ "•'- ¦-',;¦ ;. '
0AXLAN1) BACKTRACK— Friday, April 11.— Weather fine. Track fast.
H581.'- FIRST' RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; thiee-feai^olds^and "up^u/first, $325. ~~~
' - ¦¦¦:¦, ~ ¦'-- ¦• - I : ¦'.•'•• ¦- • - v • I. ¦ . • .. . .. [Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. I St. ,14. %. . Str. Fln.'J Owner and Jockey. : I Op. Cl.
35(>7' Mam. Hildreth, 4.105 7 ' "5 1 5 h ' 1 n '1 1- t G. Burger ..... ISee ' -4 8
¦S550 Katie .Walcott. 5. 09 10 8 % 8 1 • 4 %' 2 h> E. Kaufman.. .Wlnslette r 6 18-5
3C67 El Rcjv : 4 ..110 2 2.U,. 3 "*f-'2.h 3.1'. P.-C. Donaleche.. Conley r 20 30
£511 Dntrson.-; 3 -. ...... 87 6 0 1 7 h 7-1 v*' ¥1 '¦'" ' W. B.Slnk Jr.W. Knapp 15 30
3501 Constable,- 3 .:, ...92 ,8 -7V5 4 %.' 5 h- 5 2. ' Musto & Ruiz... .Butler ' 4 10
?571 Legal Maxim, 3:. 97 11 ' 6 2> C 2 6 '6 h Jones & Co. ... .Donnelly 10 50
•3460 McNamara, 5 .'...106 1 ¦' 1 nAl 1- 3 h 7 2 - Magrane & Co...Troxler . 3 18-5
..'i486 Evea O..3........ 00 3 10 1V-0 1 .8 1. . 8 1 J. Coffey ....... Jackson 11-5 5i
3561 Lodestar, a :... '.Ill 12 12: > 12 .0 1.91 O'Keefe & Co....Hafley 15 40
.3T>71. Captivate. 4 ....101 4- 4.^ 2h' 10 10 5 P. Hildreth... Fauntleroy - 8 30
-:;567 The Gaffer. 4...:103 9 11 2 ill '..11 112 J. : H. Simpson ....Hoar 10 15
."¦505 Malaise, a .;...:-.9Q 5 3 h" 10 " 12 /. 12 .;¦,¦- ..-. B. Schrelber ....Ransch 8 15
Time— V4. :24% ;¦ W. ' :49% ; %,. 1:15%;^% > : -,i : 20.- ( Good .start. .Won cleverly. . Second and
: third driving:. Winner.- G. Burger t s- ; b. . m. by •.Thornhlll-Mamle H. . Winner well ridden
. and best. - Katie Walcott might 'have won with an even start. Dawson quit In stretch. Too
¦ ehort for Constable. McNamara <jult.? : . v • V : ; ¦ •¦ '
3SS2. '• SECOND -RACE— Four rfurioijgsr maiden "two-year-olds;- to first, $325. '
• • ¦ • •" -¦ •¦ .' ;¦<¦¦¦¦ ' ~~ ~" '-;'.¦.• :: ' •••- -; ¦:¦'¦¦¦¦*¦'" I " • ~ ' i Betting.
Infox Horw^'^nil^WpIglit. St7 :^^^^^^gtr.^ < t yuyVJ^.Qwner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
.K5CG Organdie ....:.:. 110 1 : ..;. "M 1' l'l ' -1-.1%. W. O'B. Macd'gh.Jacksn 4 S
3»S2 The,. Fog .::..'.•.. 113 3,.;. 2-i4';^;«-2 6 W, B. Sink Jr Conley 2 5-2
S52S The Forum... .t: 103 S >... .: 4n - 3i!<« J 3;ns : Elmwood Farm.. .Ransch '•" 3 9-2
.3570 Katanga ..;.. ...;100 n '....-. 6 2. '5 1 .'4 2. . A. B. Spreckels.Winslett -20 30
*S320 Maud Sherwood^.llO rt :: ;..~ 3% 4 h 0 1%- D. Cameron Collis 15 15
S552 Dick Roberts i.. 113 .4 : ... ¦ 7 2 . jC 2 • « 2 - S- McNaughton.. .Tullett : "50 10
S55S Cl'vosoV.'. /.....-.-. 113 5 :...".- 6:1-1 ¦ 7 2 r -7 2' Baldwin & Co. .Bozeman 7-2 .18-5
3570 J. H. Bennett.... 103 10 ...;. 81 :S3.*8.4- L..A. BlasingamcHoar 6.- 8
. 352S Prestolus •.'... -.¦... 100 -T-,-..,-yO'^. 0 2 r 1r 2 Jennings & Col .L. Daly 100/ 100
*.'..; r. Brumel V.:.., ".'... 110 ll|i; ,W\'-12,u :,;10.1" 10 n A. Josephs .:.'.... Stuart 100 150
355*- Fire Dane* ' i;V.T.-.100 2 ' ;v. -L10 l'iir-3jiJl 4 Papinta ...:..: Campbell .-200 SCO
. ¦.viWaiaurga'7. 1 v;'..-:vl4I)t2*^.V.j ? .^;^/12 ,TTl2 r B. Schrelber..... Troiler 20 40
Time — M. J :24%; ; U..:49.V''Good ; etart'" ; :' Won. Easily. Second and third drivings Winner, W.
O'B. Macdonough's .br. 'f. 'by» > Orslhi-'Beasie W. Organdie off sailing. The Fog outfooted.
Katanga finished well. Dick Roberts delayed : start. Clivoso no chance with start.
3583. THIRD RACE— FutnrUy' course; 'selling; four-ypar'-olda and' up; to flrst. |325.
___ _ __________ ___ _ . Bettlnf .•
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. ' %^;-%. Str. . Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3564 Th» Hoodoo 4... 101 1 3n 2% 2h lh T. H. Ryan. Ransch 6 10
35C1 Fridolin, 4 101 3 2h 3 n 3 n 2 n G. W. Scott... Winslette 15 30
.".550 King Dellis, 6. ...100 4 0 %'-4 % '4 1 3 1,4 C. LInd Jackson 2 9-5
3545 Lief Prince, 4 10f> 2 11% 1 h lh 42 William Cahill, ... .Hoar 7, 8
3541 San Venado a... 109 6 8 1. 5 K 5 Vi 6 2 " ' T. T., Rector. .McCarthy 10 9
.... Hl-Noc-Ker, 5 ..106 7 7 1 6 1 0 1 6 1 '. J. D. Lucas.. Fauntleroy . 3 5
3547 Mallakwa, C ,:.;.114 10 92 84 '82 7 Vi D.- Cameron Collis 20 25
3060 Alfred C, 5.....;1OO 5 4 h-^ 7 2 7. h 8 4 F. Phillips. . .J. Sheehan 60' 50
3430 Tiburon. a 100 11 11 10 . 10 0 2 Egbert & Co .L. Dalyl- 4 7-2
329Z Nellie Forest. 4.. 106 8 Sh 9 h. 9.1 10 2 ' Mugrane A Co..Troxler 8 12
. Relna do Cella, 4..111 12 12 12 12 11 A.M.Scott Foucon 15 30
3545. Aunt Mary, a.... 104 9 10 ¦ 11 11 12 C. W. Chappell. .Stuart .20 20
Time— To %. :21%; to %j :4C; last %, l:01»i; Bhcrt %. 1:11%. Fair 'start. Won first three
crlvlng. Winner, T..H. Ryan's ch. m. by. A 1 Farrow -Princess Lyon. The Hoodoo had
gcod racing luck. ; Ransch outflnlshed Wlnsletto. ; Lief Prince quit. Hl-Noc-Ker may do
better. ; Alfred C showed speed.. Tiburon pocketed on rail and cut oft.
3384. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to flrst. $325.
_ - ¦ — — . . ; . _____
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. M. M. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
34flO~ Aloha II 6. .....101 1 T Vt 4h In 1% Jones & Co ..Bell 20 40
3547 Our Lizzie, a .109 5 52 52 3 % 2 % Ted Hayes... . Stuart 6 10
3537 Wyoming a... ...106 3 2n 1 H 2 2 33.- Brown & Co.. ...Troxler 9-5 1
(3200) Maraschino, 3."... 97 0 8 Vt 8 V, .5 2 4 3 " J. C. Humphrey.. Winslet 15 10
3430 Merops. 0 T..101 4 10 9 Vt 6 n 5 % F. D. Weir..... Hoar 10 S
3538 Dorian, a....... -114 2 1% 2 1 4h 02 Jennings & Co. .L. Daly 4 10
3490 Hungarian. 0 ..'..111 8 3 h 10' 7 2 7 % G. W. Miller..... Foucon 10 40
3490 Louwelsea, 3...:. 95 7 6H 62- 8'% 8 4 G. W. Baldwin. . .Butler 20-50
3508 Minion 5.. .101 9 4 1 .. 3 h '9 1. 9 2,. James Wilson: ...Ransch 8 12
3CC8 Tyranus, 3....... 97J10 9 h ¦: 7 1 10 10 - Summers & Co.. Jackson 5 . 5
Time— V4, "^24%; #. :48V4; 94. 1:14^4: Tfi.,;i:28. Oooa start. Won flrst three driving. Wln
- ner A. C. Jones & Co.'s ch. g. by Aloha-Blanche. .Aloha-appears to be regaining his old
form Our Lizzie ran a nice race. Troxler on. .Wyoming dlsobeyedsorders in going to the
¦. front. Too far for Dorian. Mission^ g"jt_.._Scratched— -First-_Shot J:01. jil. L._ Rothschild 111.
3385. FIFTH RACE—^Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325.'' .'V •
~ ; '¦ T ¦;- ... .'¦ ¦ ¦ '. ¦ ¦ ~ ~ ~. ~ ~' "¦¦'". - '. T~~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Wetght.jSt. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
rrUTii Divina. 3 . . .... "107 0 7 10 6-*4 63 1 ns El Prlmero Stable... See 4 5
'nnnri) Rubus 3 107 4 5 h 4 h . 3 ¦*$ 2 ns Chlnn & Forsyth-.Donnly 4 10
•T.56 John Peters 3. ...112 3 2 l\l 2 % 4 V, 3 ns. J. F. . Schorr .Hoar 3 I 8
(3570) Saul of Tarsus, 5..U7 1 3 *i 3 1 ,:2 %. 44 J. O. Walz Jackson 3 7
f.Tir.m T of Candles. 4.. 112 7 6 3 5 2 6 1 5 2: Caesar Young.. ..L. Daly 2 6-5
",573 Sharp Bird. 5:... 120 5 12 1 2 ' 1 « 0 1 A; H. Vlvell. .. ..Troxler - 4 10
3040 David S 4....... 114 2 4 1 ''7 20 7 10 7 5 - W.- L. Stanfleld. .Foucon 20 25
3553 I Dr. Boyle, 5. .....114 8 8 8 - 8 -8: J. C. Nealon. ... .Ransch 8 15
Ti me y, -24V4; :49; %. - l:14. ,BadBtart.'' Won first three. driving. Winner. El Primero
Stable's br. f. by Bassetlaw-Angelique. -Tower of Candles might Just as well have been
hooked up in her stall.: Divina earned a, lucky decision after a tempestuous voyage. Saul
¦ of Tarsus ran a swell race. Sharp Bird quit/. : , ; . . . -
35S0. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, : $325.
"~~ ~ ~~~T . .-',¦ j :-. ¦ •• '." ¦ ~ ~ } Bettlne.
Index Horse." Age, Weight. St. - %.%•': Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
i-mfiTT Marshal Nell 4.; 10C I 4 h 5 2 2 h ' 1.1% R.' A. Smith.. . .Jackson 5-2. -2
S Lena a ... — "'»' 5 » 82 3 1^ 2 2 . F.T. Nichols. ....Butler 15 ' 30
'•1^74 Windward, O...:..1O7 3 6 % 6 1 . 51 3 h Hennessy & Co. .Troxler • 20 - • 25"
(WS)Redwald 5.....J-H0 8 R 1 3 1 1 h , 4 2 : Jennings & Co. .L. Daly ,5-2 9-2
i?72 Axminster 3;.... 88 '9 7 2 7 h 4 h ' 5 5 r W." D. Randall... .Knapp '' 8 8
1 r fi8 Blllv Moore. 5..:. 100 4 3 1 1 h :6 1 ; fl.4 ¦ T. T. Rector.. Fauntleroy , 10 13
V550 Sir Hampton, 5.:. 108 6 1 1% 2 •% 7 2 7 4 George Miller.... Ransch 5-2 13-5
m40> Gamine 4....... 103 2 2 h 4 n 8 1 8 n W.E. Cotton...:.. Hoar . 8 10
34C2 Ping.- a. ...••••• -102 7 8n -9- -0 1 ." 9 .- C. W. Ctaappell. ..Stuart ¦ 20 100.
Time— Vi :24;.%. :49; ; %, 1:16; mile, 1:42%: 1 l-16m. 1:48%;. Fair start.;. Won first three
-driving Winner/ R. -A. Smith's ch. h. by Tammany-Ayrshire Rose.- Near the eighth pole
< ' Jackson , on winner Jammed his way through next the rail.' '. Lena. gave ¦&¦ startling reversal
of form Red wald away poorly. and badly, messed . about. . Sir Hampton quit. Scratched —
Expedient 104. Lady Meddlesome 102, Free Lance 107. --¦!¦•- ; '¦ "-¦ - -
W. A. E. Woods, advertising agent; J. W.
Booth, treasurer; Miss N. Woilenberg, secre
tary; Miss W. L. Osborne, refreshment man
ager; R. A. Rocs, manager of side shows and
press agent; A. R. Traphagan and T. . R.
Hanna. performance managers; Max Enderleln,
costum'er; L. Kennedy and A. I. Todd, - ring
masters; Ralph Wardwell. chief mechanic; L.
R. Munsell. officer of the day; Emile Kruschke.
chief clown.
A. R. Traphagan (chairman). Miss Wini
fred L. Osborne, Miss Nathalie Woilen
berg, T. R. Hanna, R. A. Roos, J. ,W.
Booth, Max Enderleln and Ralph Ward
well.
This committee made the following ap
pointments:
The circus was. planned by the sopho
mores, and the following committee trom
that class was placed in charge:
Some fifty students will act as clowns.
The Olympic Club has furnished fourteen
star performers and the Reliance CluD
six. , Ibree rings will be run in the main
tent, where all the features, of: a. modern
circus will be seen. Professional Chinese
and Jananese jugglers have been secured
and there will be tight . rope . walking,
chariot and horse races, wrestling,
tumbling, and so on. Prominent students
will act as peanut and lemonade venders
and numerous side show' tents, exhibiting
all the wonders at the university and
elsewhere, will surround the main tent.
The circus will commence at 3 o'clock
to-morrow. In the morning a parade of
the performers will be held through
Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda. This
parade will leave Berkeley by cars, start-
Ing at 10:10 a. m. -from the Center-street
entrance to the university grounds. r> ;
Big Programme Is Announced for the
Three-Ring Show on University
¦ of California Campus, f
BERKELEY, April 11.— Work of pitch-
Ing circus tents on the University of Cali
fornia einder path commenced to-day and
another Barnum's is promised' all visitors
to Berkeley to-morrow afternoon. All
other preparations for the student circus
are competed and the college world is
awaiting i the first nourish of the band
which will announce the entrance of the
artists. . • " *
TTNIVEBSITY CUWJITS WlXIi
SPREAD ITS WHITE ; TEKTS
/ Sixth race — Six furlongs; purse; three-year
olds and, upward: j . ¦ . ¦• . ¦¦ • ,t
¦3573 Sea Queen.... 114:" 3540 Varro . ' Hi
.... Indlo ....... ..112 3542 Gtendennlng "lf,0
351*5 De- Capo... ...112 2770 Flush of Gold.107
(340»)May W. . . . . ..114 ' 3483 Doublet ... ...114
Fifth race — Mile and a sixteenth; the-Or
monde Handicap; - three-year-olds • and upward :
3578 Position . , . . . 10f> j 35H0 Col. Ball'tyne. 00
3578 MacGyle .....100 I 3578 Bragg ..... ?S0
•Fourth race — Futurity course; the Gebhard
Handicap; two-year-old» : '%'^:i~ii~
3510 Sylvia Talbot.llK, 3558 Arabo ../..... ll.T
(3S34)H. Chancellor. 110 1 (3552)Honlton . : . mi-t
.'1582 The Fog.... ¦..105] 3560 Oeorgle "West.lOS
3510 Gold .Van.:.. .108 3570 Clarlnette ..: 100
3482 Orfeo .........1151
Third race — One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward: ¦ :
(3517)Llm«liKht ..^.117 f3562 Bab ..........106
3505 Courtier 113 3547 Rey Dare .108
3544 Bagdad 112 3547 D. of York 11.117
355» Tizona .......112 3.M6 Grafter... 10S
3530 Ulloa 110 3567 Compass .....106
3573 Kitty Kelly... 110 3578 The Fretter. ..115
Second race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward: , ¦ -. <'.-..
3563 Halmetta . ...' 95 (3514)Capt. Galnes..U4
3555 Milas . . .'. . ...100i 3562 Impromptu. ...Ill
2416 Sailor .......108! 3538 Jim Hale 108
Following are the entries:.
First race— Mile and 100 yards; Belling:; three
year-olds and upward: ..
(35M>)Wolhuret 114 3G56 Rainier 112
3572 El .-Filar OS .1580 Frank Woods. 112
C1060)CaneJo 110 3-175 Straggler .....112
35G8 Ulm • 112 3571 Oold Baron. ..112
3871 Quibo ;10S 3580 Lento 102
3014 Billy Lyons.,108 ,
Harry Vitatoe, the jockey, is In a peck
of trouble. Despairing of hearing from
Europe he signed to ride for Billy Randall
In Montana. Yesterday Vitatoe received
notice from one of the ' San Francisco
banks that a sum of money was • on de
posit at his disposal. It is, to defray ex
penses to Russia, where a position at $8000
for the season awaits him. Now, Billy
Randall declines to release him. • .
The $2000 Gcbhard handicap, to be de
cided over the Futurity course, .will be the
special feature of this afternoon's card.
The pick cf the two-year-old division will
face the barter. ¦
Track Notes.
W. O'B. Macdonough's brown filly Or
gandie, piloted by Lee Jacksdn, made a
runaway race of the two-year-old scram
ble. The Fog, first choice in the betting,
with Conley in the saddle, ran a true and
game race, losing by less . than-' two
lengths. The Forum and. Katanga fought
it out for the show, the former getting a
nose verdict. ¦• .
Practically neglected, not alone by the
betting public, but by her; stable as well,
The Hoodoo, with Ransch up, registered
a winner of the -third number a sprint
over the Futurity course. The. mare
passed Lief Prince at the three-sixteenths
pole and; stalling off the challenge of
Fridolin, a 30 to 1 shot, won by a head.
King Dellis, the favorite, finished third
once more, his old notch.
Marshal Neil, starting a 2 to 1 favorite,
did succeed in taking the closing mile and
a sixteenth selling affair. -When his case
seemed hopeless in the stretch, Jackson,
who had the mount, tried a flying wedge
through on the rail, which turned out suc
cessfully, for he disposed p of Lena with a
length or more to spare. Rcdwald lost
third place to Windward.
Mamie Hildretlr, ridden by See, ¦ and 9
to 1 in the betting, beat Katie Walcott
handily. for the first race," a seven-furlong
selling event. McNamara, which closed
equal favorite with Katie Walcott, led to
the stretch, where he was all aut. Mamie
Hildreth then gradually worked her way
to the-front, scoring by a length. El Rey
was third. ¦. .' . .
Among the many exciting finishes .of the
season that at the conclusion. of the six
furlong sprint,. fifth to be run,' when Di
vlna, Rubus, John Peters and Saul, of Tar
sus finished almost noses on the wire, will
be remembered as. one of the ¦ prettiest.
The judges picked Divina, but they might
just as well have chosen Rubus ; or- John
Peters, so far as arguing' the point was
concerned. Divina was backed from. 7
down to 5, while Rubus was a 10 to 1 shot.
Jake Holtraan shot «Jie barrier up^ with
Tower of Candles, the 6 to 5- favorite, back
In the rear.. Her. chances/ of winning
would have been Just as rosy had she been
nibbling grass on the Infield. - At that,
Divina met with much bad racing luck,
and the mare, not Jockey See, earned the
victory.
Away back in the past Aloha II had the
reputation of being a '.'forty horse," but
none of his previous ¦ California raced
would bear this statement out. Inasmuch
as he was ridden In the second seven-fur
long event by C. Bell, a maiden jockey, the
books took all sorts of liberties with the
gelding, some few laying CO to 1. Bell
made few mistakes, and when Wyoming,
grew tired In the stretch, took- the lead,
beating Our Lizzie, another despised one,
nearly a length.- The favorite, Wyoming,
ran third. . ' - / / • . -.
ANOTHER bargain sale : of long
shots was largely attended yes
• terday at Oakland track. ..-, Among
the cheap ones overlooked' by in-
J r >.*> tending purchasers were Mamie
Hildreth, 10 to 1: Organdie, -8 to .1; ' f he
Hoodoo, 12 to 1; Aloha II, GO to. -1, : and DI
vina, 7. to 1. Visitors . from afar did not
invest largely, the good things .'falling
chiefly into the hands of inside buyers.
Marshal NeiL closed the day's doings by
scoring at o£ds of 2 to 1, affording tem
porary relief to the afflicted talent. The
fields .were large, the opportunities . to
make: money great and -the chances of
failure immeasurably . greater. .For the
past lew ; days .the bookmakers have been
reaping the reward of patience. ' . .', /•
RESULTS OF rFRIDAY'S^ RACING AT- OAKLAND^TRACK;
Boxers Go Six Fast Bounds Before
a Philadelphia Club.
PHILADELPHIA, April 11.—Philadel
phia'Jack O'Brien and Joe Walcott fought
six fast rounds at the Industrial Athletic
Club to-night before a . crowded house.
So evenly matched were the men that the
spectators were divided as to which of
the lighters had the better of "the go. A
majority of- them seerrieo to think that
the honors belonged to O'Brien. Through
out the light the English champion fought
on the defensive, although at times he
went viciously after the negro, but never
forced him to break ground. O'Brien used
his left on Walcotfs face and his right
on the stomach, but did not appear to dis
tress the colored man. In the second
round Walcott sent in two hot -right hand
punches on O'Brien's, wind, which
knocked the steam out of the . Philadel
phlan. He was tired at the end of the
round, but after that he came back and
fought well. Neither man was much dis
tressed at the end of the sixth . round,
but O'Brien showed. more evidence that
he had been in a warm battle than did
his colored opponent. Walcott leaves,to
morrow for San Francisco to fight George
Gardner. .. ¦/....
WAI/COTT AND O'BRIEN DEAW.
JIMMIE BRITT. the boxer, has de
cided to come- out of his retire
ment. He will fight Kid Parker, the
Denver lightweight, before the cub
offering the best inducements. .
As Los Angeles, Oakland and San
Francisco club managers nave offered to
find a date for such a contest/the young
sters should have no difficulty In meet
ing In the ring early in May.
Parker has defeated "Rufe" Turner or
Stockton, and Jimmie Lawlor, • two men
who have been anxious to meet Britt. |
rartier has been training at Blanken s;
while Britt Is taking light .exercise at
tne Olympic Club, wnich keeps mm in
trim.
It Is Expected^ the Clever
' Boxers Will Be Brough
.TVg.-ther Eariy -in May
Unglaub had his optics working over
time and landed four r,afe hits. He also
made a sensational step In the sixth.
McHale sent one by short that looked
safe, but Unglaub picked it up and lined
it to first. The throw was high, but Mike
Birmingham was there with one hand in
time to retire the runner. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. 1. f S 0 0 0 2 0 0
Bone. 2b « 0 0 0 4 7 1
Lawlor. c. f 6 0 1 0 1 0 0
Nordyke, lb 5 0 1 0 19 0 0
Holly, s. « 5 0 1 0 S 5 O
Phugart, 3b 6 110 3 2 0
Lahey. c 4 1 1 0 2 1 A
Iielmas, r. f 5 1 0 0 2 0 0
Whalen, p 5 0 2 0 1 C 0
Totals 47 3 7 0 39 21 --1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b « 2 1 0 1 5 0
Lngrlaut s. s 6 0 4 0 2 C 1
Doyle. 2b « 0 2 .0 2 41
Uibsamen, c. f 4 1 1 0 6 0 0
Rlrmingham, lb 5 O 2 0 19 1*0
Frary. r. f fl 0 <l O 1 0 0
Wagner, Lf « 1 01 2 01
Graham, c .4 11 0 C 2 0
Hickey, p 5 0 0 0 0 1 "0
Tctals 48 5 11 1 39 19 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. .
Sacramento 0 010101000 0 0 2 — 3
Base hits 1 12010110101 2 — 11
San Francisco 0 000000 3 0000 0— 3
Ease hit* 100 102011010 0 7
SUMMARY. k
Two-base hits — Sheehan, Unglaub, Graham,
Nordyke. Sacrifice hits — Birmingham. Hickey.
First base on errors — San Francisco 2, Sacra
mento 1 . First base on called balls — Olt Whalen
4. off Hickey 7. Left on bases — San Francisco
11, Sacramento I). Struck out — By Whalen 2,
by Hickey 4. Double play — Graham to Bir
mingham to Graham. Passed ball — Graham.
Time of came— 2:15. Umpire— O'Connell. Of
ficial scorer — Harry Cashman.
WADDEXL WINS MANY PHIZES.
Scores First Home Run for "Los An
geles and Is Rewarded.
LOS ANGELES. April IL-Oakland fell
upon Hartwell in the first Inning to-day
and continued to bat his delivery all over
the lot until Slagle was subsUtuted in
the fifth inning. Slagle taude a good im
pression, holding down the Oakland slug
gers in fine style. Chrlstall, for the vis
itors, played a star game and repeated
his good work of last Sunday. Rube
v.'addell earned all the prizes offered for
the first home run of the season by send
ing the ball over the right lield fence. As
a reward he drew down $10 In cash, a suit
of clothes, several boxes of cigars and
various sort* of edibles. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
ioman. e. e 2 0 0-0 3 5 1
Hacnivan, if 5 1 0 0 4 0 0
Athrrton. lb 5 1 2 0 12 1 ,2
Householder, cf. ... 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Kaynu-r. 2b 4 1 3 0 5 5 0
IMlljr. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 2> 0
tVadden. rf. 4 1 2 0 00 O
Rr.ach. c 4 o O 0 0 2 :0
Hartr-cll. p 10 10 0 0 0
*i a "'*- ,, ; 2 0 0 0 110
•Docker 1 0 I 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 4 9 0 27 17- 3
OAKLAND. .
„. „ . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
« alters, cf ;< 1 j • , o 3 0 «,
%**?-,2 b 2 3 0 18 5 1
£f*«5-J* 5 2 2 16 0 0
McCr^dlp. rf. 4 1.1 0 0 0 «»
IVnei-aux Kb 5 0 1 0 02 0
Dunjravy. lf 5 1 3 11 0 - 0
KraTicfcs. 6. s 4 0 0 1 2 3 0
Gorton, c 5 0 10 7 10
Chrtetall. p. ...... ..^ _? _1 _0 j>._2 j>
Totals Til x in 4 V 97 ": 1* ' . - 1
•Decker batted for Single.
RU.XS AND HITS BT IJCNINGS. ;
Los Angles 0 1 11 0 0 0 1-0—4
fiasehlts .0 2 2 1 0 1 0 \ £-«
Oakland 3 2 1 1 0 0 0 01— S
SCMMART.
Rarnod runs— Oakland 4. Los \mr<>!es 4
Home run— Waddcll. Three-bar^ bit—MeCree'
£0. Ta-o-baM- hits-naymer S. At^rion" %.
Dr-oker. Walters. Dunleavy, Devereaux - Sac
riCcr- hit — FranckB. First base on error*
Oekland 3.. Firet base on called balls O5
Hartwell .'{. o5 Slavic 2. of Chrlrtall 4. Left
«— y.aun-— Los Anceles S. Oakland 9.. Struck
The unlucky thirteenth opened with the
Senitors leady to compromise. Reb
samen drew a pass and went up one on
Mike Birmingham's single. Frary flew
out to Whalen and Wagner forced Big
Mike at second, while Rebsamen scooted
toward third. Charley Graham was noti
fied if he did. not make a hit -he would be
shy a job. Charley likes work, so when
Chimmie passed him one which looked
good he fell on It for two sacks. Reb
farren and Wagner arrived and the
trouble was over.
It was give and take from the eighth
until the thirteenth. Both pitchers were
effective and steady, the umpire was
pleasant and the crowd sent In its orders
for supper. Fisher's face was a dream
for a student in human nature. It was as
changeable as the odds in a betting ring
and reflected his feelings like a mirror.
The fireworks began to shoot upward In
the eighth.* Doyle pulled down Nordyke's
hard arive with one hand and heard sev
eral girls say "Isn't he a dear." Holly
took four bad ones, but Shugart forced
him at the second pillow. Lahey followed
HolJy's lead and with two gone and as
many on the sacks Delmas hit a pop fly
bacK. of short. Unglaub was under it,
but Wasner butted in. The ball was
dropped in the mix-up, allowing Shugart
to tear around to the plate. Little Chim
mie tcok oft' his coat, swung viciously at
something, hit the ball bafely to right and
Lahey and Delmas crossed the rubber,
tying the score.
The Senators owned the game until
Unglaub dropped a lly in short left lieid,
which made wisher groan. They openea
hostilities by sending Tommy Sheehan
over the route on two clean hits In the
third. In the fifth they shone again. Gra
ham walked, but Sheehan forced him at
second. Tommy immediately landed on
Lnglaub's two sack biff to the center gar
den. It was Sacramento again when the
seventh rolled around. Graham again
drew a walking card, was sacrificed to the
middle station by Hickey and took his
seat on the bench when Kebsamen singled
over Bone's head.
Harris felt sore. He could not under
stand why his team, should lose when
c'himmie Whalen actually got two hits.
Chimmie was the whole snow on the local
bench. He chewed gum and took his coat
off twice when he faced the pitcher. His
first wallop brought two men home and
the eecona one startled Mike Fisher to
such a degree that he fell off the bench.
The rest of the local stickers could not
distinguish what Hickey was handing
them. Some times it tooK the form of a
goid brick and again it resembled a bal
loon. All locked alike to the locals.
It was a great game. The rival man
agers sat opposite each other j on the
benches, smoned ropes and sent wireless
messages flitting across the diamond.
Fishers glares were the more deadly.
They frightened the local men so badly
they could not see the ball when the last
round came along.
The game extended itself until It
reached the thlrteen-innlng mark, and
then. when Umpire Jack O'Connell
ordered lights to be placed at all the bases
and on top of the flagpole, victory got
tired of waiting and landed with a bump
in the midst of the Fisher headquarters.
The score board said S to 1 .'¦> - ; \_;
street baseball lot yesterday after
noon got a run for their two-bit piece un
equaled by anything outside a 100 to 1
shot at a racetracJo
SPECTATORS who had their nerves
working good enough to battle
against the fog banks and summer
zephyrs that infested the Eighth-
Whalen snd Hickey Pitch
Gcod Bill — Birmingham
Makes a Circus Catch
The officials in charge of the contests were as follows:- William; Gfeer. Harrison, ref
eree; George James, starter; H., Smith;" -Lester Hammersmith : 'arid? John '; Elliott, timers;
Thomas Harris, : George; Elliot and J. S.Leary,, judges;' Sid* JCavill,; clerk of ;.< course;. James
Sturtevant; scorer, and George Hensley was announcer. rDuring the" intermission between the
swimming- races Professor Sid •Gavill, instructor of tHeOlynipic, Club, entertained the spec
tators with an exhibition of fancy and fast swimming which brought- forth. rouncls of applause.
Mead Hamilton of Lowell High School won the.22O-yard race in 3 - minutes 31 2-5
seconds. T. Crafts finished second..: j :.;.•• >. ¦ : . : : ; ' -,"¦. V
J. Walker, of the California . \ School of Mechanical Arts won the quarter-mile race:
C. C. Bonafield of Polytechnic High School was a close* second:: :>; .: X, \l ¦¦¦¦¦'; ':,
/In the half r mile race. C. Kbpke of the California ) School of ; Mechanical Arts crossed
the tape first. He covered • the distance in the fast time of. '15 minutes flat, breaking another
academic record. ;S. L. Hunt finished second. .-/>..¦ , : . v , > • , :^ v
fourth annual swimming tournament of the Academic^ AthleticMteague of Cali
fornia was held last night at the Olympic Athletic . Club.y. The ' athletes -of the Poly
technic High School, of which ; f W. N. Bush is principal,^carried off most of the honors.
The tournament attracted an unusual attendance ol spectators;." many .^ of r wHoiimvere
members of the various high schools of the city." The. victorious .Polytechnic' athletes seemed
to have the largest number of partisans in the, big crowd. \ They.', cheered | and cheered the
swimmers as they, crossed the finishing line. Inithe himdred-yarcl ; event, G. :.-.;€.' .Bonafield of
Polytechnic High School carried off first honors, breaking the -: acaclemic record held by him
self. He covered the distance . in . i minute 25 seconds;. F." Severs: \vas second, swimming the
distance iti 1 minute and 33 seconds. -';?y - -• •-¦¦.' :-;-| : '±'. : . ;-;- .¦;--,? : \ .;¦'; \W- •;.'.: . \
G. C. Bonafield Breaks the pHuridred-Yard Record^; Held by •
Himself, at the Academic League Tournament;
W:ll Fight the Denver Light
weight Before the. Club
Giving the BVsf Purse
Char ey Graham Wins Garr.e
Wiih a Two- Base Hit to
the Extreme Lett Field
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL SWIMMERS
CARRY OFF THE CHIEF HONORS
BRITT DECIDES
ON A MEETING
WITH PARKER
SENATORS LAND
AFTER THIRTEEN
HARD INNINGS
FEATHERWEIGHTS FIGHT A GAME BATTLE
THE SAN il? A5 CISCO . CALt,. SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1902.
5
How To Do It
Everything salable should be
made right and kept right.
Hunter
:ls made right in quality and
purity. . It is kept right by . .
perfect agsir.g, and its superb
flavor is a natural result.
Under Any Test it is The Best.
CHRISTY * WISE COMMISSION Ca.tae.,-'
£3 & ia, Calif orn ia St. i 8a n Frtndsco, CaL
Telephone Main Sli.
¦ ¦E. Dean, J. H. r Broch. William LauKhland J.
B.:Dean. A.' H. Marx, E. C. Sissons Jr. F"'-H
Allen, V H. S. McFarlin, , A. A. Carney; . R*. F*
Harris. J.,WV Elder, Henry Wadsworth. A. "W*
Bishop. C. L. Colvin.
Bepublican' Good Government League
of Santa Clara County, j- 1 -^
President. E. A. Hayes: secretary. Joseph
Taylor: treasurer,, T.Ellard Beans; delegate at
large. D. • H. Coates.
¦Delegates — Judge B. ¦ G. ' Hurlburt, •"- F H
Babb, I. , Bingham. R. , McCubbin. - E. T. .Pettit,'
J. O. -Hayes, S. Darling. W. H. Lawrence ¦ Dr
XV. D. ' McDougxUl, P. . F. Gosby. S. G. Tomp
klns.'A- F- ' Herrmann, F. J. Brandon, ; A B
Hamilton," J. A: 'Fatrchild, B. F. Wise, George
\V. Worthen, George ,T. Erhart; W. Rlrgs
W.-F.- Williams. G. C. Rodell,.H. I* Stevens
Captain F.-Dunn, S. P. Saunders. W. P. Lyon
J. J. '. Miller, . C. ' R. : Williams, . E. . A. Wilcox'
G. ; W: Darling,., G.\ M. ' Bowman, J. J. South
ener,' J. I P: Jarman, . E. G. Perkins. : M. D.- Bur
gess, Charles D.' Blaney. C. M".'Wobster, James
Bean.S. E. Smith. A. F. Umbarger. J. E Ab
bott. -William Ross. Edward • Topham.' • F. B
Abbott, .•• G.-...W. 1 ; Tarleton, E. ' S.' Williame'
Mitchell Phillips,* I. A: Latta. Moore 'Briefs'
H.' J.^ Edwards. Ell Wright. J. D. Grant L*
J.v Chipman, F. E. Williams, A.- L. Sa"e Jo
seph ;Schupp, : "Welsey Pieper, JudireT J. R
Lewis, V J. ill.. Grlsraby. . :
'Alternates— S/R. Jones, James Casley, 1 A
G. . Marten;- F.'- Burkholder. ' C. D. Mllliken, • J
F. I-McKee, '-JJ. <P.' Ward.'-.L. - F. r. Sanderson
F.-.W. ¦ I>andon, , Professor C. H.' Gilbert. J R •
Norton. 1 J. •- E. ¦ Leasure; ¦ L. . B.* Shaw, - R - p
Galbraith, ; B.-h H. Lewis. - Cyrus Jones, . Isaac
Dtxon, W.F., Mason." W. C. Hamilton.^ A. E
Wilder,^ P. .> K. . Dowd, W.C B. ¦ Hayf ord. A. H*
Jarman, •¦•F." L. .Trone,. Frank Topham, Charles
H. Small, F. w W.. Potter.' C. M. Abbott, - Har
vey Swlckard, * R.> C ; 1 Edward , Batt
man,"« Mitchell , Zarcone,:-' A: "B. Fletcher "¦¦ H
Falrfleld, , J. - L. ¦ Pendleton.- ' Platt Gregory, c'
¦w.< OitUat Bi-ron : Purinjfton. J. Q. Robertson!
In addition to the demand of the Nationalists for
home rule, the perennial fight of the Irish radicals,
there has arisen another issue which brings the
Unionists of Ireland into harmony with the radicals
and makes a virtually united Ireland. The new issue
is new in form only. Practically it is the old land
question, the issue between landlord and tenant, in a
new phase and with a more radical demand.
Whether the Irish will ever be united in a demand for
home rule may be questioned, but it is certain they
are virtually united now in a demand for peasant
proprietorship.
T. W. Russell, who has always opposed home rule,,
but is an active leader in the fight for a compulsory
sale of land to small occupiers, recently, pointed out
how beneficial the* land purchase act has proven
when put into operation, and how the .success at
tained in one locality has given rise to a demand
for its universal application. As an illustration he
cites the purchase of the Lord Dillon estate and says:
"The estate is occupied by some 4000 tenants. These
are in the main small holdings of mere bits of bog
reclaimed by. the tenants. .For this property. Lord
Dillon received £294,090, and, after his Lordship's
exit, the Congested Districts Board resold ' to. the
occupiers. What was the result of this operation?
This: That the tenants who paid £1 as annual rent to
Lord Dillon now. pay 13s 4'd to. the state as a termin
able annuity. Arrears to the amount of £20,000 were
wiped out. Landlord, agent, bailiff, rent office, all
disappeared. For these poor people it was a new
heaven and a new earth. But it is at this point that
the real pinch comes. Did the members of the board
consider what they were doing? - This was not, a case
of Lord Dillon selling to his tenants under the pur
chase acts. If his' Lordship had. chosen to make a
present of his estate to' the people living upon it
nothing could have been- said. . Lord Dillon sold to
the Government, a wholly different thing; The.Gov
ernment resold to the, tenants. It thus became a
great act of state policy. Did the Government ever
stop to think what the effect would be on the tenants
of the neighboring properties, who were denied these
great privileges? The result.- at all eVents. has been
a strike on these estates for the same terms, for what"
is called 'the Dillon rent'. Even the Attorney Gen
eral for Ireland admitted the othernight that the ac
tion of these unlettered peasants was .'natural' " >
While the contest for peasant proprietorship is-
DESPITE the clamor of applause with which
the hopeful Liberals of Great Britain *wel
comed Lord Rosebery back to the field of
political activity, it appears that for all practical pur
poses he might as well have stayed in- retirement.
His proposal to wipe the Irish question off the slate
roused something of enthusiasm at first, but events
have proven that the policy cannot be carried out.
Jrish questions were never more pressing upon the
kingdom than at this time, and no statesman can dis
miss them nor compromise them. • >
IRISH LAND PURCHASE.
On the top 'of- all those futilities^the recent failure
to agree, upon the .; Cuban question comes as some
thing of a climax.' The issue affords a most excellent
opportunity for the Democratic Iparty. to make' an
effective attack upon the party, in power. . Cuban re
ciprocity opens up the tariff question, weakens the
protective, system and offers aVchance for involving
Republicans in a dangerous dilemma: So plain, is the
opening madefor such. an attack that even Republi
cans^ themselves admit it, and over and over again
attention- has been directed to it /by, some of the
foremost Republican papers in all sections of the
Union. In spite of all that, ' however/Democracy,
has-been unable to land a'bldw.- Not even when the
foe is so exposed can the \ demoralized opposition '
unite for.- attack.* . .
• The utter collapse' of every attempt to define a"
party policy is the more notable because, when the
session began .it was announced "with a great flourish
of trumpets that the Democratic leaders in Congress
intended : to "do big politics" -during the !winter ¦ for
the purpose of. giving their :partya;programme and
an issue _upon..which; to appeal; to*the country in the
Congressional elections -this -fall. '; -Conferences '• of
leading ¦Democrats; were held, in Boston, ''¦¦New York
arid ¦.Chicago j to help j put the plan.' The result is be
fore, thecountry.'., Up'on not , a^single important issue 1
of the. time is the ¦Democratic party in- : Congress
united, except 'upon a resolution to fight any attempt
to investigate; the extent to which the suffrage laws
of s'everaUof the Southern States violate the constitu-.
tion. Here is the , real /Bourbonism- manifest and'
conspicuous". ; iJet it V be : a - question- of doing some :
wrong to'- the negro and Democracy' is harmonious
but; let. it 'be any other question and, Democracy, is
. If that were: the only occasion of the kind it would
merit no special attention, but it happens that-it fol
lows a long series;-of Democratic caucuses called for
the. purpose of defining; a policy "for the party and
ending in nothing.; Immediately 'after Congress as-r
sembled a Democratic caucus was summoned to ar
range of action for the session, but after
prolonged wrangling it adjourned- until after the
holidays. . When it met again the results were no
better. All effort 'to formulate V general policy was
then; abandoned, ; but from "time ,to time attempts
have, been made to bring about agreement on par
ticular.'issues. Only upon the issue of opposing in
vestigation of the.- suppression ; of the negro vote in
the South could agreement be reached. It required
months, in fact, to elect a chairman of the Congres
sional campaign corhrhitteej and in the end one fac
tion was given the chairmanship, j while another fac
tion, took the "executive committee. '{ " ¦
DISPATCHES from Washington announce
that the Democratic members of the '- House
of Representatives held a caucus to decide
upon a party/policy with respect to the Cuban' re
ciprocity bill, but after discussing it for three hours
theyilaid on. the table every resolution offered and
adjourned without taking action, leaving every mem
ber to vote as he pleased.
ANOTHER FIASCO.
South Dakota is not the only State that is being
enriched by the new migration.. The whole of the
Northwest is sharing in it. Railroads running into
Montana report a heavy immigration traffic, and it
is estimated that. more than 100,000 people will make
homes for themselves in that section of the Union
during the present year.
. While that immense migration of home-seekers is
going to the cold, blizzard-swept plains and moun
tains of the Dakotas and Montana, our- sister coun
ties south of the Tehachapi have been overrun and
almost overwhelmed by the throngs of tourists that
crowded there for the enjoyment of winter sunshine.
Northern California, then, is between two great lines
of travel. She has as fine inducements for pleasure
seekers as can be fotind any where, in Southern Cali
fornia, and far better advantages to offer Home
seekers than any of the States of the Northwest.
Here. then, is the opportunity for profitably advertis
ing the resources of. this section of the State. The
coin should be promptly forthcoming.
In commenting upon the migration to South Da
kota the Springfield Republican says: "Not since
the early '80s, it is said, has there been such an im
migration movement into the State, and the singu
lar fact about the present immigration is that it is
composed largely of substantial farmers from Il
linois, Iowa and adjoining States in the Mississippi
Valley. Reports from various parts of the State tell
of the arrival of long immigrant trains carrying whole
families, with farm utensils and machinery and
household effects. Transfers of real estate are so
numerous as to attract general attention, and at very
substantial advances in price over figures ruling even
a year ago. Lands that sold at $10 to $25 an acre two
years ago are now commanding $25 to $50 and more.
At one place, it is stated, twenty-one cars of immi
grants have been unloaded since the beginning of the
year; at another three cars were unloaded in one
<lay; and so on down through a long list of towns,
with the land transfer offices all busy and prices rising
as in a new city during the height of a boom."
Outside the State conditions are as favorable as
those within. Our Eastern exchanges note that the
people of that section are stirring with a renewed
migratory movement. An impulse as widespread and
as potent as that which in former years moved thou
sands of thrifty and energetic men and women to
leave the older States and seek homes in Nebraska
and Kansas is once more felt in New England, the
Middle States and the States of the Mississippi Val
ley. At the present time the migration is mainly
toward the Dakota?, but it can be brought westward
to California if we try, and the promotion commit
tee intends to try.
All the circumstances of the time are propitious to
the work that has been undertaken. Nothing of en
ergy or of money will have to be expended in con
ducting a campaign of education at home. The peo
ple of the Sacramento and the San Joaquin Valley
and of the coast and the mountain counties are al
ready aroused to the importance of the movement.
They are ready to co-operate and assist In each
county there are many progressive men already in
the field eager to urge on the work and to contribute
to it time, tin and talent. The directors of the move
ment have only to appeal to a sentiment 'already
formed. They have, in short, about everything that
h needed for success except the money. When that
is guaranteed the enterprise will move along the
whole line and begin to show results. #
A CANVASS of the city is now under way to
obtain revenues needed by the promotion com
mittee to carry out the enterprise of develop
ing the resources and advancing the industries of
Northern California. It is not necessary to remind
a community of business men that without ample
revenues there can be no reasonable expectation of
good returns from the work. Upon the response
made to the appeal for contributions therefore de
pends the success of all that has thus far been ac
complished in the enterprise. It is to be hoped the
subscriptions will be liberal and prompt.
MONEY FOR PROGRESS.
SATURDAY APRIL 12, 1902
-
JOHN D. SPRECKELS .Proprietor.
liiTttt ill CcEBtmlctliccj to W. S. IFAKE. ttctger.
TLDLICATIOX OFFIC12...BIarket and Third. S. F.
IJOlTOniAL. UOO3IS 217 to 221 Steremoa St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With tlie Department You Wish.
• Delivered by Carrier*, .15 C<»nt« Per Week.
Stnsrle Copies. S Cents. '
Ternm bjr Blall. Inclodfnir PoifnKfi
EAILT CALL findudinc Sunday), one ye«r $«.00
OAtLT CALL (Ineludlnr Sunday). 6 months 4.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months l.M
DAILY CALL— 3y Elnele Month... 63c
EUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Gample copies will be forwarded when reqnested.
Mall subscribers In ordering chancre of address should be
particular to sive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to iacure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLiXD OFFICE. . . . 1118 j Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXESS.
Vlltftr rtrtign Adrertliing, MirqoetU Bnildiaj, Ckietg*.
¦ <Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAB.LTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
ITEPHEH B. SMITH .30 Tribune Bnlldlns;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAKCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
nntfl 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «55
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 61S Larkln. open until
9:B0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth. «pea until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
leoda. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-Becond and Kentucky, open
cntll 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
At the time" the call for the convention was being
circulated it Avas x announced that the main purpose
of the gathering Avas to bring pressure to bear ' to
procure a greater reduction of; the tariff; on ; Cuban
sugar and 'tobacco.jhan that proposed by Congress,
and to'urge the Senate to^adopt. the other reciprocity
treaties now before that body. . Such aims will not
be' attained. 'It is as certain as anything in-politics
can be that the reciprocity treaties- are [ dead.' The
league, however, can do j a . great deal of ; mischief, for
it can increase; the activity of ' League
and.precjpitate- another figHt upon.the^protectiye.sys
tenv and thus disturb industry; and check enterprise
again asjin.the past. In short; the* manufacturers who
have organized the league are playing with fire, and
unless they are careful they will .themselves be badly
burned before they get through with it.
. These manufacturers are doubtless quite- sincere in
the desire that the. .Government; should make treaties
in the interest of their trade, but . they have not
stopped to think of. what will 'come should the Gov
ernm|nt undertake^anyjsuch thing. .The free traders
haA'e by no means given up the fight against, protec
tion, and the Democratic, party, eager for an issue,
is even now ready to assist them in their demands for
a sweeping, tariff reduction. -Should the Reciprocity
League once get the protective system so broken that
it; will no longer cpmmand or deserve the support
of the majority'of the: American people, they Avould
find some day that - their interests were /sacrificed
along with the rest. ' "
The report of the proceedings of the conA-ention at
which the league .^as) organized quotes the leaders
as saying, they are; manufacturing in excess of the
home/market, and goes oh to say: "They Avant the
United .States Government .to 'trade rela
tions with other countries that will throw open the
markets of the world for the,disposal of their goods
The United States Senate will, be' asked to, ratify at
least nine treaties that vpro vide J f or reciprocal arrarige
ments in the relationship of the United States
and various countries of the" Eastern Hemisphere." '
The cause for wnich -the league is to work is that
of substituting reciprocity, treaties instead of protec
tion as the fiscal policy' of the, United States/'; In
other Avprds, the league 1 proposes. that our tariff du-.
ties shall be fixed , by >arrangement with foreign
powers", instead of by bur own Congress. 'Protection
as a comprehensive" system embracing all American
industries is to be set aside and in place of it some
industries are to be sacrificed in order that others
may' be benefited. 1 . ;. y ; - > ' .
REPRESENTATIVES of: .sixty manufacturing
6rganizatior|s" liave met at Xhicago and or
ganized a Reciprocity League/',
with ; W. F. Stanley-, of . Kansas • as president. : It is
claimed that the organization is to ' be non-partisan,
but as it aims at breaking down the protective sys
tem it is. hot easy to see how the:; claim can' be made
good. ; , Certainly no man 1 who stands upon' the Re
publican platform can afford to co-operate with the
league or .give support to its campaign. • \.
PLAYING WITH FIRE.
E. H. Hazelton. R. Burdett, R. R. May. L.
McGuIre, -Frank Mitchell, G. L. Tarleton, H.
E. Holthouse, George H. Briggs, AV. M. Scott,
Bradley Smith, F. A. AVilcox, R. AViltz. T. C.
MeChesney, J. R. AA r eller. AV. D. AVhitehead.
F. L. Dennis. A. L. Jones, Captain T. B.
Adams, J. F. Bowes.
Republican League, Santa Clara
County.
Delegates — J. P.'. Bengston, Benjamin Healy,
J. \V. -Sullivan A. A. Brown, J. R. Patton,
H. W. Otter. Frank AVhiteside. C.N. Barker.
Eskel Eskelson. I. Herrington, A. Clifford
Gage. Dr. Chesbro, John Dudfleld. AValter A.
Clark, A. E. Caldwell, John Flannery. P. Mills,
Dr. M. J. Gates, Charles Coe. J. H. Buck. Ed
mund Hodkins, W. E. Crosaman. R. J. Lang
ford. C. J. Martin, A. E. Shumate, James
Trail, Evans Dent, O. A. Hale, David Hender
son, Albert Harris, J. W. Mlinea; Joseph Lar
kin, William Sloat, A. F. Cunha, Richard Mc-
Carthy, Dr. Eli McCllsh, I. Mendezable. H. C.
Morrlll, A. AV. Thompson,- W. . Stone, Dr. A.
A. Fowler, -O. D. Stern, Frank Stock. W. F.
I James, S. B. Hunkins, F. C. Jacobs, C. M.
1 Shortridge, L. AV. Bond, E. F. Jordan, James
Sanfleld, Benjamin Mayer, 'Peter Martin, H.
S. Berry. Charles Hill, Joseph Williams. Dr.
J. T. Hlggins, James Enrlght, J. R. Lowe,
Paul Fraser. F. L. Thomas, C. A. Barker, H.
Bridges, O. D. Richardson, Dudley Dinsmore.
J. D. Miner, L..L. Morse, E. D. Crawford. T.
E. Johns. F. AV. Covey, George Nicholson, Wil
liam Carson, Charles Larman. H. J. Hamilton.
F. M. Farwell. C. W. Moody.
Alternates — William Douglas. Charle3 Sl
rr.ard, E. T. Sterling, Paul Ferrer, Louis Ep
ping, L. L. Rtley, Herman Ulrich. Joseph Na
poli. H. L. Schemmel, G. N. Berdan, Eugene
Don, Vic Bassignano, E. Thoits, William Neu
roth, R. H. Jamison, John Ozler. Charles
Smith, Alfred Barstow James Robinson, V.
Koch,, H. Wanzer. J. T. Halford, E. A. Hol
lands, AVilliam Best, Henry Lund. T. A.
Wheeler, Dr. Sappe, Oscar Promise, J. B.
Peppin, Ward Jarvis. R. P. Williams. Victor
Anzini, Emile Darriman, A.' W. Jones. C. A.
Merritt, E. J. Crawford, J. R. Hen wood, James
Faulkner, T. -¦ S. Montgomery, C. F. Edmund,
H. J. SheWen. F.- M. Eley, Xi. F. Mendler. C.
A. Wlnans, D. J. Herat. George Barker, L.
M. Gaffney, Richard Pierce, Henry Hector. J.
B. Tisdale, Joseph Salicita. Edward Woods,
Samuel Parks, John Shaw. F. N. Woods, A.
C. Sterritt, J. S. Barnum. William Bauer.
Henry- Basse, ' F. D. Hatman. W. ¦ R. Parller.
Joseph Trenear, M. T.-Hubbard. James Robert
sen,, J.H. Nlrkirk, L. W. Starr, R. A. Men
zer, George ; Wentz, Professor Sanford, D.
"Wade, R. S. Barber, E. L. Moody, Emile Por
tal, Ernest Stiles. . , :
Union League of X,os Angeles.
- President L. C. Gates; vice president. Byron
L. Oliver; secretary, E. E. Bostwick; delegate
at large, Hon. R. N. Bulla.
Delegates — R, C. P. Smith, Sherman Pease,
W. H. Goucher, A. M. Austin, R. H. Herron,
G. M. Giffen. Godfrey Fitz, Thomas Hughes, E.
A. Doran, R. D. Wade. Alternate at large.
Brewster Kenyon. -
Alternates — Edward Strasberg, C. H. Toll, J.
H. Trout, C. H. Sessions, AV. AV. Tritt. E. W.
Sargent, A. H. "Wright, R. P. Waters, C. F.
Shilling.
McKinley Bepublican Club, Ventura.
President, Edward M. Selby: vice president,
E. Shillingsbury; secretary. George Dennis.
Delegates — F. W. Baker, Sam Goodman,
George L.. Lackett, AV. H. Barnes. T. S. New
by, A. J. Bell, D. M. Radlbaugh. N.-Black-
Etock. D. J. Reese..
Santa Faula Bepublican Club.
President. C. H. Fernald; vice presidents^ —
M. t>. L. Todd, F. C. Foster, Ira Hall; secre
tary7W. W. Blanchard Jr.: treasurer. C. Beck
ley; delegate at large. H. H. Youngken.
Los Angeles County Republican
League of Southern California.
¦ President, ¦ S. M. HaskelU secretary, ,L. L.
Robinson; treasurer.- G.'M.-Giff«n; delegate at
large,; Hon. R. J.- Waters. . ¦ ,
* Delegates — Russ A very. C. F. Blcknell, D. S.
Burson Jr. . J.-E. Chambers. Alexander Cladwetl.
J.. A. Fosbay. A." M.' Guidinger. C. : A." Gates.
E. E: Johnson,. J. A. Kingsley, W. A. Knight
en,- B. C. Kenyon. Richard Livingston; R* • 1>.
lAst. George McKeeby, Theodore Martin, J.
C. Mason, B. L. Oliver, J. A. Osgood, A. V.
Robinson, C. H. Toll. W. W. Trltt, J. P.
Vawter, Charles L. Wilde, F. M. Wright,
Frank Wiggins. George W. Walker, B. F.
Yarnell, W..W. Beckett, John Burr, W. H.
Dickinson. Dr.- C. B. DIckson. Mat Copeland,
R. Q. Wickham, Ben Lauder. . H." G. Hubbard
J. H. Strine.
Alternates — George Chappell, O. N. Bonner,
C. AV. Bell. A. E. Bagley, A. P. Cross, H. W.
Cole L. L. Dennick, B. W. Diehl, W. O.
Dow, E. C. Denio, H. Drew. H. B. Ferris,
I^eslie R. Hewitt. George Hood, F. T. Hushes
Dr. H. A. Kief er, George L: Keefer. Frank
M. Kelsey, Charles L. Logan. L. H. Lyon, C.
P. Lockhart, J. M. Meredith. . C. A. Meade,
G. H. Matthey. Z. -D. Mathus, A. W. Plnm
mer, Charles AV. Sexton, J. J. Shoulters J C
Sherer. Jacob Sweigert, T. A. Simpson, Oscar
Upright, W. A. White, Guy Woodward. George
Weeks,. W. W. Waterhouse. W. H. Young.
Teddy's Terrors, Los . Angeles.
Chief buster, J.* W. F. Diss; busted J.-F
Hughes; busting, Lester L. Robinson; delegate
at large. F.,K. Rule.
Delegates — E. S. Sullivan, Robert Wankow
ski. A. C. Freeman, H. W. Chase.
Alternates— F. . J. Thomas, F. X. Pfafflnger
A. C. Brode. Alexander Mackeigan.
Seventh Ward Republican Club, Los
; . - Angeles.
¦¦ President, B. M. Marble; secretary E E
Beel. . .
Delegates — J. J. Ncimore. at large; R i/
Kazen, B. S. I^auder, B. M. Marble R Q.
AVickham, Harry Simons, AV. A. White H L
Hcpkins, F. M. Parker.
Alternates — E. S. AA'ells. D. J.' Lewis James
Neiman, L. A. Garten. John Castera, Ernest E
Bell. Joseph Sepulveda, Charles Prudhomme
S C. Dodge.
Placerville Republican Club.
President. M. Q. Meehan; secretary C J
Green; treasurer, S.' H. Maginnis; delegate at
large, Charles A. Swisler.
Delegates — H. E. Picket, George Richard
son. J. F. Armstrong, Fred i Barss, Thomas
Clark.
Alternates — Shelly 'Inch. -A. Darlington - C
H. AA r eathcrwax, P. B. Hogan, George kim
ball. - • ¦ . .
Flint Spanish Bepublican Club, Los
Angeles..
, President. R. F. Sepulveda; secretary. Oscar
Chavez; delegate at large. R. F. Sepulveda
Delegates — Jesus Tapla, Jesus Martinet,
Jesus Ellas, Miguel . Mosquiero. Jose Franco
Oscar Chavez. • . ¦ -, .
Tom Flint Republican Club, Hollister
L President, A. D. Shaw; secretary, William
Higby; treasurer. N. C. Briggs.
; Delegates— E. Zanetta." Michael Flood H I
Harp. George Jean, Chris Flood D F Mc-
Phail. R. G. Orr, R. H. Fredson. L M Ladd
i' Alternates — Thomas Nyland. John Miranda"
E. E. Boltnn. F.B. Abbe. Emllio Larios E
S. Lcgan, Harry : Chase, A. H. Fredson Jr *
Herman Smith. • -.-*«¦
; Bear Club, San Francisco.
i President, Thomas W. Collins: delegate at
large, I, J. Aschheim: secretary, N. E. Maison
chairman executive committee, I. P Kinrni.i
ex-offlclo—I. W. ColUns. C. A. Tolie W o'
Cue. ¦ ¦ * * ,
Delegates — I. P. Kincald. John Laekmann
C. B. Perkins, Hon. H. C. Dibble. L.^. Ta^k,?"
Fred AV. Lees, Hon. Asa R. Wells, Charles v'
Frederick. R. W. Faulkner, Hon. John Hunt"
F. W. Marston, H. T. r Gibbs, Hon E t
Belcher. . ¦ •. ;"¦¦>.'
Alternates— At large. I. J. Truman- Ottn
Lemcke, R. W. Roberts. Johh T. Hay s 'w
E. Daly. F. W. Danforth. M. C Allen ww
Wells, M. F. Taylor. W. H. Pickard A B
Truman, George S. MIehling. F. P. Bull.
Roosevelt Republican Legion, Sacra
, - men to.
¦- PresTdent. W. B. Thorpe ; treasurer J W
Guthrie; secretary, Howard S. Mclntife- dele
gate at large, H. U. Prlndle . e> dele
.Delegates— David Reese, C. M. Mayberry
South End .Republican Club; San
Francisco.'
President. John , H. Thompson ; secretary
George A. : Donoghue. .. 5% ""•
;¦; Delegates — A,1 B.. Spreckels AVilliam A.
Harrington. George A. Donosrhu*. ; H. B? Russ
John H., Thompson.: B. C. Hughes. John T.
Dare, John B. Rellly. .
San Bernardino County Bepublican
League.
President. A. G. Kendall, secretary. E. R.'
Fussell; treasurer, L. Horowitz; delegate at
large. J.-F. Johnson Jr. •
¦-- Delegates-l-F.-AV. Gregg.' Frank Cleveland.
James C. Cole.. C. G. Lunholm, James Hutch
ings C..E. Dunscomb, S. S. Draper. Jamt?-E.
Mack.C.F. Lape.«AV. R. Porter, A. W. Potter
G. A. Atwood, Horace C. Rolfe. S. F. Kelley'
W. L. Vestal, Walter Hubbard. Frank Bu
chanan, John Brown Jr.. Henry Conner. A. M
Ham.- R. C.-Hablson. .Truman Reeves, H. M
Willis, James Fleming.' ¦
Alternates — J.- B. Frith, Henry R. Levy d
A. Grosvenor, J. D. Faris, O. Newburg, W W*
THERE are many indications that the biennial convention of the California League of Republican Clubs at
San Jose next Monday and Tuesday will surpass in attendance and enthusiasm the big convention - AvHich r was
held at Los Angeles in May, 1900. Advices have been received that hundreds of delegates from Southern Calitor
nia, representing clubs at Los. Angeles, San Diego, San Bernardino, Redlands, Riverside, Santa Ana. ..Pomona
and Pasadena, will arrive in San Jose Monday forenoon. At least one thousand delegates from San Francisco and Oak
land will attend the meeting. Yesterday the Union League Club of this city. Colonel George H. Pippy president, en
gaged ; a. vacant storeroom in the St. James block for club headquarters during the convention. Alden Anderson, p'resi
•dent, and Felton Taylor and J. Steppacher, secretaries of the leasrue, went to the Garden City yesterday.. Tfie follow
ing-named delegates, in addition to the lists hitherto published, have been chosen: -. ";>.
I HoJcomb. C. N.- Damron, J. C. Rollins, John
I Flags, A. Horowitz. Thomaa Fhillips. J. P.
| Hight. D. B. Sturges, C. J. Daley! Dexter FteiJ.
A. F. AVillard. Dan Hayes. R. A. Bruckman,
CM. Hanf. AV. S. Hooper, J. C. AVees. M. P.
Sulllnger, M. D. Reynolds. J. B. Tyler.
Campbell Republican Club..
President, H. B. Hall'; secretary, H. A. Tib
bett?. v '
Delegates — George AVhitney. C.X. Cboper.
Alternates — J. F. Webmeyer, AV; H. swope.
Second Ward Flint Club, I.os Angeles.
President. Richard Livingston; secretary and
j treasurer, Charles L. AVilcIe
Delegate." — John A. Kingsley. at large; Al
bert C. Day, John Home. Paul -Brown. Sidney
J. Parsons. • • *
, Alternates — O. AV. Dunham, Charles ;F. JIHt
ler, Dwlght Fargo, George Hull. -
Thirty-Ninth District qub,_ San
Francisco. > .
¦ President. Amos ¦ Currier; secretary. " p.' J.
Hasman; at large. Senator J. G. Tyrrell. JJ-j,^
Delegates — Amos Currier, F. R." Green, T. : G.
Benjamin, S. Friedman, Loui? Hoffman, A. A.
Louderback. Harvey Burdell. John" Farquar. C.
H. Murray, AA'illiam Conklln. DT. R. ' F. Kane.
L. F. Compton, C. : F. Breidenstein; A. ¦ 'O.
KrUght. ,P. Caulson, C. J Hasman. M. Boehm,
AVilliam Kennedy, William McKenna.
Forty-Fourth District. Club, ... S*m
Francisco.
President, C. O. Burgess; secretary. Dr. C.
A. Glover.
Delegates — John Farnham (at large), J- A.
McCarren. A. K. Daggett. Joseph A_ Johnson,
Edward Kendall. George Bardet, C. O. Burgess,
Alexander Bardet. A. J. Dondero,-! Charles
Sheble. Martin McGowan. Jonn Block, Thorn
hill Carmany. Walter Hanna, Fre.d L. Jonea.
Henry Bodiker, John Christenson.' J. B. In
gUgUa, Charles Mitchell, Henry Jums,* Joseph
..Rose. - A • ' "••• . ' ¦ - -j-". ¦
Alternates — James Cunningham^ Georsa Bar
tells. Herman Block. M. M. Bush way, Geo.rs»
Gantner, Raymond V'asquez, Louis; P.'Zocchi.
John Sheble, George Ringer. J. Travis. Austia
Langford. August Brooks, Peter. .JMcGowaB.
James Rpssiter, J. Sablns, Richard D«m1nga.
E. M. Buckley. Charles Cuneo, George Oioder
ick, A. J. GUbart. , ;. . "' =--» a ;>".
Thirty-Eighth - District Club, ';-;Saji
Francisco. ' •" - ¦ /'r-''
Delegates — E. I. Wolfe (at large). Robert
Mitchell. W. H. Pratt, John J. Conlon.. I. ..B.
Dalziell. George Tanto. J. JR. bourse/ W. H.
Rickard. Thurlow Miller. Sol Shipper. Frank
Robb, Fred Kiler. William Getz. Freti-Vatighan.
C. C. Morris. F. S. Cohn. M. Kohlmann, Max
Goldberg. President Andrew McElror an«J Sec
retary Milton A. Nathan are ex-offlclo mem
bers of the delegation.
Central Bepublican Club, Thirty-
Eighth District, San Francisco.
Delegates — Isadore Golden. George'L," Smith,
Christian Strom. William M. Brown. Daniel
F. Crowley, William Doxey, A: ¦ :B. Truman,
Olin L. Berry. T. J.- McCormick, A. E. G.
Dahmel, J. W. Goetze. Henry Schmaltz. Philip
I. Mansen. G. B. Huggins, J. F.. Harvey. Louia
E. Folk.
Forty-Third- District Club, San Exan
cisco. . :% . ',"' I-.4*. "5 .
Delegate at large, <3enerat R. . H.
Delegates — Dr. John . Lef fler, Martin -W...Biady
John J. Curry, M. J. Flynn. Robert E. Can
nell. William A. Blakeley. - J. - Shaen. William
Lyons. William E. Lane. Richard Quarg. Fred
Lunquist. AV; AV. Shannon;' Mannie> Strauss; AV.
Colby. James D. Hart, J. George Beyne aad
Henry Stern. -,\. . , .', ,.
Continental league, -San Frahciaco,
Delegates — E. H. Algeltinger. Robert Ash.
P. L. Archibald. Dr. A. S." Adler. Georga H.
Bahr«, Emlle Bauer, AV. Hi'L. Barnes, Paul
Barbieri. Aaron H. Brown. Clinton H* Ral!,
Dr.F. G. Baird. Amos Currier.- 'j. C. Campbell;
D.. T. Cole^ Charles F. Curry '-DH'iW? D
Clarke," Colonel -J. C. Currier, »Dr. - William
Condory, H. O. W. Dinkelspiel," wlllig *G." Dodd.
M. H. de Young-. Frank I". ¦ rWeWriTc, P. J.
Enrightv. Thomas JTtnt : Jr.^ J«meit{ar Field.
B. P. Flint, Tirey L.. Ford, George S. Graham
™ A ; ° l 1 T bbons . John Hunt Jr.. A/ S. \HubWtnl.
AV. J. Herrin. -H. L. Joachimsen. Charles AV
Johnson, J. L. Koster. E. G...Knapp, P N.
Lilienthal. C. S. Laumelster. Henry S. Lin
nell, John C. Lynch, GeoTgie .AV. : Lewis "-T 1 C
Mastellar. Frajik D. MacBeth". -Dr.". O. t Mel
Donald B. J\ McKinley. B. L. MeKtnley., C.
M. Nichols. .Wright -H. Peck. E. r>. P e i,otto.
J. W. Perry, C. J. Paton, M. D.. William H
Pratt. George H. Pippy. Hamilton J. Riggin*.
A. Ruef. John D. Spreckels. Adam Smith
Gustaye Schnee. Jacob Steppacher, Sol- Ship
per, John H. Speck," Samuel M. Shortridce
rh^if, S h OU t- i?S D - George Stone!
Charles H. J. Truman. J. M. Troutt • I ¦ J
vLn t *7 el i'-. T homas B - Frank A
Vail. A. J. Vining. A. P. Van Duzer Frank
D Worth. Marshall B. AVoodworth. E* Myroa
Wolf. Asa R. Wells, R. H. Webstet iuyl r a
Santa Barbara Bepublican ClubT
Delegates— W. W. Burton, J. W. Taggart
H. J. Finger, F. L. Wilson. F. T. Undfrhin'
C. A^ Thompson, W. P. Butcher, A. M Ruii'
E. M. Burke. J. C. Wilson. W S Part, v
Los Gatos Republican Club
Walter Hamilton. F. W. 'Knowles, GV S. w£u
Alternates— R. R.' Bell. J. j. Cornell T-n
Bostwick. E. F. Reynolds, M.^S^BodwiR*
sns, w-^- But L er; e - e s^sSr sh *
Sixth Ward Bepublican .. Club, Lo*
Angeles.
President. Hartley Shaw : secretaxv ' F : w
Stein; treasurer, S. G. Tyler " *
Delegates! — Walter F. Haa" G "TO- ««,•»«.
lor. C. S. Thompson. J. F. Rcss. "*". ¦ **r=j V
Bichmond Republican Club, San
Francisco.- y'.<; *;
-Delegates— John McFarlane, - Georire R
Thomas.. Eugene G. Haas, Joseph f" aS^
Wants H Street;. Opened,
The Call-Have you noticed that
Golden Gate Park Is bounded on all sides
by a street, excepting tor two blocks « n
the south side between Stanyan street and
First avenue? H street shoulcl*be-«on
tinued along the south line or 'the park
through blocks Noa. 713 and 714 to Stan
yan street, where It would run Into Fred
erick street. If you will -refer, t<> the
map Issued by "Crocker-Langley Direct
ory" for 1S98 and 1900 (arid perhaps other
dates),' you will find H street is. Jafd out
as I suggest .above. However, the^'Olock
book" recently published does ;¦' not show
any street there. If this street was 'ijperted
through those two blocks ,thei>. Frederick
street-would be a continuous street, sim
ilar to Fulton, Geary and California
streets. »
As the fourteen blocks' recently*' sold by
the Sutro estate are to be graded now
would be a good time to open H street
as above and close Frederick street ba
tween blocks 713 and 741. also- between
blocks 714 . and 740, and get rid of tb«
"jogs" at First avenue. - - y
If you interview the owners of r^ii
estate in the. district "south of thJ , B »rt?
I think you will find the majority^ n P f aV or
of above Improvement. . " ¦-.?*.
C. G MI'VITtTB*
San Franciaco. April 10. ¦ * 1 . l * l ** E -
Stuffed prunes with apricots: .Townaend'a.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townaend'a.*
Townsend's California glace .fruit 50e n.
pound. In fire-etehed boxes or Jap bl 3 *
SS^V \ n } ce P r «ent for Eastern fiends
C39 Market St.. Palace Hotet building «
Special information, supplied daily tr»
business houses^ and public men by the
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Can
fornia street. Telephone Main 104^..
Secretary jO f the Treasury Shaw never
hSj u me away from home . ¦«: h"-o5
Men shaved without soap. 15e. at Buss Houm
Antiseptic Barber Shop. 217 Montsomery. •
'. U. C. Republican Club, Berkeley.
President, R.S. Pierce; secretary, , J. M."
'Eshelman; treasurer, J. D. Arnold.
Delegates — H. L. Rothchlld. O. C. Pratt, C.
P. Stern, - .TV M. Steinhart. C. C. Crow, P. TV.
Owen, M. E. Deutsch. W. P. Greeley.
National Republican League of Ala
. ineda County. ¦:
Officers— Hon. W. R. Davis, J. A. Brltton,
Mortimer Smith. J. E.' Farnum, Dr. G. H.
Derrick, Hon. M." C. Chapman, P. E. Bowles,
Murray Laidlaw; at large, Hon. H. A.- Powell.
Delegates— George F. - iletcalf , Frank M.
Wilson, A. D. .Smith, Dr. F. L. Herrick. D.
W. C. Gaskill, , R. M. Anthony. J. S. Burpee,
C. H. Dunsmoor, J. C. Ewing, Paul Goldsmith.
"William •Mfaller,. Phil-M. Walsh, Frank Storer,
T. M. Robinson, George P. Morrow, Samuel
J. Taylor, C. B. Morgan, D. A. Sinclair, H. H.
Snow, Q.. A. Chase, C. G. Dodge, Dr. N. K.
Foster,; F. D. I Hinds, > A. B. Nye, • Wilbur
Walker, George W. Reed, John L. Da vie. B.
H. Pendleton, William S. Baxter. F. H. Mason,
A." E. Boiton, W. A. Dow, AVallace Everson,
W. H. Ford, E. M. Hall Jr.. Fred E. Whitney.
R. B. S. York. Hon. J. L. Beard. David Ruth
erford, Hon. W. R. Thomas," Hon. George Bab
cock, Lewis Tesheira, J. L. Barker, George W.
Dornin. F. R. Fassett, Valentine G. Hush.
John Yale, v • ,
. Ventura Republican Club. ". r
¦President. Edward. M. Selby; vice president.
E. Shillings bury; secretary, George P. Dennis;
treasurer, John . Newby. .
• Delegates — F. W. Baker, Samuel • Goodman,
George L. Sackett, W.-H. Barnes, T. S. Newby,
A. J. Bell, D. M. Rodibaugh, N. Blackstock.
D. J. Reese. , ,•••..
/ San Miguel Republican Club.
President, E. D. Worthout; secretary, E. F.
Fitzgerald. ...-,'.-.'¦ ¦.¦ : -
.Delegates — Henry W. Lynch, W. A. : Wilmar.
— E. W. Cole, T. P. Gorham.
Young Men's Republican Club of
• . • ' [i Oakland.
"¦'.President, Asa V. ¦ Mendelhall: 'vice presi
dent; 'George ¦ E. Gross; treasurer, Harry L-
Alason; secretary,- Robert C: Elder; delegate,
at large, ; George Fitzgerald. . -'¦'¦.'
William Farno, William Raffet
to, Charles Kohl, R. C. Elder, Paul Wuthe. H.
A Tubbs, Morris Flynn. John Coleman, W. M.
Fltamaurice, $) D. . Williamson, Henry May.
George Franck, .Con Donovan, "Ross Bromley,
W:E, Dean, Dave Boyle. John Rohan, George
E." Gross. ¦ Dan Doody, Henry Nichols. Geonre
McMenony, M. G. Perkins. Hugh Dolan, E. M.
Hall Jr.. . George Duddy, Harry Newton, F. T.
Games, John Taggart. W. M. - Ward. W. D.
Elder, Asa V. Mendelhall, E. B. Meek. C. M.
Davis,' Everett Brown, Charles Klinkner, Clem
Perkins, J. C. Williamson. Michael O'Day, Ed
Wledler, Lulgl Raffetto.. Harry Platt.
' ; * Republican Alliance, Oakland.
. President, Felton Taylor; secretary.' W. E.
Griffith; treasurer, R. J. Bayer. • . • ,
Delegates — Adams Kelson. J. J. Allen, J. H.
Amos. R. F. Baker, C. D. Bates Jr., F. E.
Brigham. C. A. Bon, W. F. Bliss. R. J.
Boyer, B. H. Breed, -John A. Britton, L. L.
Bromwell, Albert Brown, Dr. H. P. Carlton,
W. F. Chipman, A. F. Coffin, D. E. Collins,
R. H. Cool, Francis Cutting, J. C. Crooks,
Clarence Crowell. Dr. D. D. Crowley, H. P.
Dalton, W. ¦ E. Dargie, T. T. Dargie, AV. R.
Davis, C. E. de Golia, C. L. Dietz. Dr. J." M.
Dvnn, Guy C. Earl. J. Cal Ewing. W. H.
Friend, Varney W. Gaskill, H..D. Gaskill, W.
E. Griffith, John H. Grlndley, F. M. Parcells,
Stephen T. Gage. Theo Gier, E. M. Hall Jr.,
W. B.- Hamilton, J. J. Hannifin Jr.. F. M.
Hathaway, Hon. F. W. Henshaw, W. G. Hen
shas. Lester Herrick. . C. J. Heesemann, W. R.
Hume, L. A; Hllborn. J. P. Jackson Jr., F. C.
Jordan, AV. C. Jurgens, C. AV. Kellogg, W. A.
Koser.J. M! Kelley, A. P. Leach, Hon. F. AV.
Leavltt. AV. G. Lukens, E. Lehnhardt. Hon.
G. R. Lukerts, George H. Mason, Hon. H. A.
Melyln, Hon. V. . M. Metcalf . John - Mitchell,
George P. : Morrow, I Dr. • F. R. Musser, R. " A. -
Marshall, H.. Hart : North. Hon. F. B. J Ogden,
Edgar Painter, C. E. Palmer.' Hon. George 'C.
Pardee Dr. AV. R.' Porter, Hon. George" C- Per
kins T. B.'Pheby'Jr., George AV. Reed, J: F.
Rcopey, Howard H. Shlnn.C. E. Snook. W.
B. Standeford, Fred A. Stolp, Hon. F. S. Strat.
ton Felton Taylor, Herman A. Tubbs, Montell
Taylor, Churchill Taylor. Samuel J. Taylor,
Dr. H. B. Thomas, AV. E. Thompson. E. S.
Van Court" Vernon AA'aldron, Fred E. AVhitney
J. C. Wilson.
Alternates — F. D. Abbott, B. F. Armstrong,
Dr. .O. D. Baldwin, W. A.- Bernheim, E. P.
Caine, T. M. Crawford, W. E. Dean, Robert
Edgar, H. U Farr, F. W, Frost, : George £.
Gross. H. G. Hinkley, W. C. Jurgens, AV. A.
Kenny, E. L. Lawrence, . J. W. - McClymonds,
Dr. J. J. Medros, A. A. "Moore, A. H. Marx,
E. Nusbaumer, AV. J. Patterson, W. B. Pringlc,
R. E. Revalk, Charles . Spear, S. H. Sewart,
F. W. Van Sicklen, E. E. Wade, Alee 1!.
AVatson, C. B. AVheaton, B. F. AVoolner. F. C.
Youngberg. -George H. Allen; R. B. Ayer, P.
V. S. Bartlett, R. P. Bromley, C. M. Cham
pion. R. F. Crist, J. P. Dunn, A. H^-Elllott,
E. R. Folger, Arthur Feidler, A. H. Goffeney,
Percy Hazeldene, H. B. Jefterey, F. . W.
Knight. R.«S. Leckie, C. H. McCormick. AV.
E. Meek, F. R. Mott, J. Marcovich. P. N.
Nippert. L. A. Peckham, F. Poock, B. Ran
soroe, George R. Stetson, . T. AV. Sigourney, C.
D. Vlnzent, W. C. Wallace, K. AVatson. M.
A. Whiddon, P. M. Walsh. Everett Ames,
Charles Babb, -H. K. Belden, Harmon Bell,
AVilliam Crane. J. H. Dieckman. AV. H.Dick
erson, W.. D. Evans, R. B. Friend. H. N.
Gard. J. , W. Harris., A. P. Holland. D. T.
Jones. Max W. iKoenig, AA r . H. J. Matthews,
J. II. McKinley. L. , A. Mitchell, Thomas Mul
vaney,- H. J. Middleton, O.: E. Parcells.. J. J. -
Pheby, Dr. C, T. Rudolph, M. L. Schueter,
J. W. Stetson, W. E. Travers, J. B.' Tregl'tan
William AVatkinson, E. F. Weihe, F. G. Wight,
F. C. AVatson. , ;. .
Pondinky Republican Club,' Oakland.
President, Alfred -Williams; secretary,' Ed T.
JoBte; treasurer, W. S. Fake; delegate at large
Hon. Guy C. Earl. ....
Delegates— Thomas M. Robinson, J.de Lancy,
Charles . F. Ott, . Henry P. Dalton, Jrank
Larmer, B. L. Quayle, James McCarthy, J. D
Parritt, Frank Selfer, H. St.> John, John Mitch
ell, C..E. Parmenter, Bert Hempstead, George
Calvert, Thomas Fake, J. G. White, R. Bar
bagelata,.E. J. Hall, Ed Gehrlng. R. B. Good
cell, Ernest Martin, V L. M. Osborne, B F
Swan, P. M. Fisher, George AV. Nickerscn. Wil
liam Goodwin, A. E. Orton, AVilliam Farring
ton, William Nelson. .
' Alternates-^W. Hambleton, E. Clarrage H
Orbell, Ed Larkln, E. Felton, F. Petersen, C
Smythe, 1 E. Donahoe, -A. Dingle, F. Moore. C.
Dowl ing,. Joseph Clark, D. Wilie, H. Canning
T. Brown.', A. Lester, Ed Kitto. A.. McDonald,
C. Compton. F. Curzon, AV. Canning R. M.
York.' R.' Hamb, ' I. Selfer. ' D. Sprinkle .W
Davis, M. McGowan,. George II. Orton, E. F.
Brown. . ; ' ; ¦ » . ; ;
3?if th Ward Republican Club, Oak"
land.
. : Chairman,' Clarence Crowell ; secretary, James
B. Dean; delegate at large, W. H. Knight. -
Delegates^-S. G. Cable 1 F. S. Donant, C." W.
Richardson, H. H. Ha\ - enus, Churchill ¦ Taylor,
J. , G. ; Mack.' John F. Moods, Selby Yost J. j!
McCarthy,- R..M. Brown, G.- C. Cushlng.'H. G.
Lanabee, A. ,W. McCuen, G. AV. Lukens, E S #
Shanklin. F. R. Porter, J. :B. Pheby. Montell*
Taylor,- Byron Rutley, W. E. Thompson, CD
Smith, W. H. Dickinson. W. A. Goodwin J
J. Hannlsson Jr., 1 J. L. Champlln; G W*0r
ton. A. C. Elder, , J. Cal Ewlnjr, = T. J. Lewis
Frank Hoyt, R. R.^Steadman, H." J.. Stulz P
M. Parsons, E. F.-Aiken. Felton Taylor AV*'
Many Delegations Are Coming From Southern California.
Additional List of Representatives.
The needs of the Police Department are, in fact,
imperative. Crime :s altogether too frequent in the
city, and tends to increase rather than to diminish.
Nothing in the way of improvement can be expected
by adding to the work of the present members;; of the
force, for the force is already overworked by long
beats and long hours. The one remedy is an increase
of the force. How large the increase should be is
a matter for the consideration of experts. Careful es
timates on that point should be obtained from the
officers whose experience has made them familiar
with the problem, and to the estimates the Super
visors should give due heed.' The issue is one of- the
most important to-be considered in making up the
tax levy. The people desire economy in all things, but
intelligent men know there is no economy in over
working a small police force and leaving the public
exposed to depredations of all kinds from burglary to
highway robbery, frequently attended by assault and
sometimes by murder.
In addition to the general increase of the 'force
there is needed an efficient water patrol. ' A large
amount of property in this city fronts on the water
and is assailable from that side. Such property can
not be protected by a patrol that Watches only from
the streets. Of late there have been several cases of
robbery committed by. thieves who approached from
the bay and by rowing under the wharves were able
to operate with impunity, being completely out of
sight of any one on the streets. The need of a water
patrol indeed so urgent it is a matter of surprise
that it has not been supplied long ago." If appears,
however, that while recommendations for such a
patrol have been repeatedly made, no appropriation
has ever been given for the purchase of the necessary
boats. It is time to put a stop. to such false eco
nomy. The losses of San " Francisco every year J by
water thieves are too large to be any longer borne
without making a well directed effort to put a stop
to them, and such effort* can be made only by the es
tablishment of a fully equipped water patrol.
The increase in the population of the city, and the
increase in the number of criminals who make their
headquarters here, or who come here from other
cities to ply their trade, has not been accompanied by
a proportionate increase in the number of policemen.
The result has been that in many cases the men are
overworked, the beats are too long, and the service
generally is unequal to the task required of.it. This
fact is welUoiown to the criminals of the country, and
as a consequence many of them come to San Fran
cisco because they believe they will be less closely
watched here than they would be in other cities.
The inadequacy of the force is. due to no lack of
efficiency on the part of the officers nor of the rank
and file. On the contrary, the.personnel of the force
is one of which the community may be justly" proud.
The men are working long hours of duty and some
of them p.re covering very long patrols- Again and
again they have proven their fidelity and their court
age by making arrests of dangerous criminals under
circumstances that called for as heroic a display of
valor as is ever required of a soldier on the field. pf
battle. If they have not been able to, clear the
streets of footpads, and free the homes of the people
from danger of burglars, it is only because there are
not enough of them to effectively patrol so large : a
city and to watch so large a lawless 'population as
drifts into San Francisco from all quarters of the
world. .
WHEN the Supervisors enter, upon the task
of apportioning appropriations for , the ..va
rious departments of : the city, government
for the ensuing fiscal year full consideration should
be given to the needs of the "police force. Ample evi
dence is to be found in every directfon that the force
is no longer adequate to the requirements, of the
city, and it is imperative that steps be taken to rem
edy the deficiency. i -
REPUBLICAN CLUBS WILL
ASSEMBLE AT SAN JOSE
NEEDS OF THE POLICE
being waged with earnestness, it has been devoid of
violence. '¦ ; Ireland at present is almost entirely free
from crime. There is therefore nothing, to justify co
ercive measures' to silence/the agitation of the" re
formers. Moreover; the opposition . which arose
among the workingmen of the Liberal party against
Rosebery's scheme of. ignoringlrish questions shows
that' the masses of the English people' are not hos
tile to Irish claim s- Doubtless they: perceive that if
land purchase and peasant proprietprship be once es
tablished by governmental agency in Ireland . it will
be possible to attain it in England and Scotland."
The issue, in fact, is a great deal bigger than Rose
bery, and it is not in his. power t to put it aside. \
THE SAX," FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 12, > 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Klecher'n Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Sons of Ham."
Tlvoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central— "The Land of the Living."
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly" and "The Great Unknown."
Columbia — "The Cardinal."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day-
Metropolitan HaU — Piano Recltai.
Metropolitan Hall — Piano Recital next Tuesday evening.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Monday. April 14, at 10 o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc.. at
1619 Market street.' Beautiful books In the "BookJovers' Li
brary" on new Overland Limited trains.
See the train on exhibition to-night, bril
liantly lighted by electricity, at Oakland
Pier.^
A petition in Insolvency was filed yes
terday in the United States District
Court by W. S. Gilbert, a merchant of
Jackson, Amador County. He owes
$1223 S3 and has $400 assets.
A*i Insolvent Merchant.
An article of high quality Is always
subject to Imitation and unfair competi
tion; hence we are compelled to warn tha
public against deception. Our Budweiser
ls sold under a well known label bearing
that name and the word "Budweiser" ap
pears on every cork. Patrons should In
sist ' upon bottles being opened In their
presence.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. Or
ders promptly filled by E. G. Lyons &
Raas Co., wholesale dealers, San Fran
cisco. • •
Unfair Competition.
John P. Young will deliver an address
this evening at the Academy of Sciences
Hall on the subject, "Protection as an
Eliminator at Waste.'* The lecture will
be under the auspices of the economic
League and will be free to the public.
John P. Young to Lecture.
"An Undesirable' Acquaintance" is ths tltla
of the story in to-day's San FrancUco News
Letter. It 1» a bright and spirited little sketch.
"The Cosmopolitan," by W. O. McGeehan, is
a bit of political verse that Is extremely amus
ing. Number 4 of an old newspaper, man's
reminiscences appears, and furnishes Interest
ing readings. "Campaign Echoes" size up the
political situation perfectly. Society people
will enjoy Betsy Bird's gossip, while the reg
ular society department contains an authentic
record of the movements of the smart 3»-t.
"Abel Tennant, Snipe Shooter." is a charac
ter sketch full of pathos. The Looker On Is
crowded with good stories, and the Town
Crier is full of satire; Its verses ending
"Before the wight whose mein polite
Well fits the nam» of Hogg,"
and the best that have appeared in that de
partment for - some time. Literature, tba
drama, mining, finance, politics, are all ably
.handled by special writers. In tact, it would
be hard to find a greater diversity than Is con
tained In the thirty-two pages of the News
Letter.
To-Day's News Letter.
Notice la hereby given that the Outside Bar
Bell Buoy, entrance to Humboldt Bay, Cali
fornia, which went adrift February 23, has
been replaced In about Its old position.
These notices affect the List of Beacon* aad
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902. pages 31 and S2.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B.. MILTON,
Commander. U. S. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
HUMBOLDT BAR— CALIFORN1A-
Notice to Mariners.
2 CAPE MENDOCINO-CALrj'ORNlA.
Notice Is hereby given that Blunt* 8 Reef
Whistling Buoy, painted red aad marked
"Blunt" in white letters, off Cape Mendocino.
California, which disappeared March 24. has
been replaced In about its old position.
ried 100 ca canned asparagus, valued at $304k
destined for Sydney, Australia.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yester
day for Victoria with a general cargo, destined
for the principal . British Columbian ports,
valued at $11,003. The cargo included th<i fol
lowing merchandise and produce: • •
24.749 lbs dried fruit. 7S8S lbs butter. 360
lbs raisins. 7500 lbs beans, 580 lbs chocolate,
1440 lbs 2 cs meals, 1778 lbs 1 cs cheese, 20,515
lbs malt, 64 cs canned goods, 27 pkgs paste,
32 pkgs hardware, 4882 lbs lead, 1075 lbs leaf
tobacco, 130 pkgs steel and iron, 146 ca 173
gals wine, 2504 ft lumber, 4 cs brandy. 75 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 20 cs 4 bbls oil. 1
pkg machinery, 16 pkgs bicycles and sundries,
15 cs arms and ammunition. 12 bales twine.
20 tons pigtron, 100 tins matches. 1 cs hats.
10 bales leather. 1400 lbs glucose. 226 lbs ham,
4 pkgs electrical supplies, 494 lbs shrimps, 425
pkgfl fresh fruits and vegetables.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car-
Exports to British Columbia.
yesterday for Bodega, but was obliged to put
back on account of her machinery breaking
down. . - .
Alexander Aground.
The British schooner Alexander was reported
aground yesterday at Guayaquil. Assistance
was sent to her, and after discharging part of
her cargo she was floated again.
NEWS OF ; THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship: J. D. Everett is chartered
for lumber from Hajsting's Mills to Cork, at
70s, chartered In England prior to arrival. The
bark Holliswood ' was chartered prior to ar
rival for redwood ¦ from Eureka to Fremantle,
at 67s 6d. The bark C. B. • Kenney loads coal
at , Oyster, Harbor and the schooner Columbia.
1 amber at'Ballard for Honolulu. The schooner
H. C. Wright will load general cargo hera for
Mahukona. - -~ . , . • •
Steamer ¦ Movements.
TO ARRTVB.
VICTORIA— Arrived April 11— Aus stmr
Maria, from Portland: U S stmr Grant, from
Pucet Sound.
Sailed April 11 — U S itmr Grant, for west
coast of Vancouver.
ST LUCIA — Arrived April 10, 6 p m — Stmr
American, from New York, and sailed April
11, for San Francisco. _
HONGKONG— Arrived April 11— Stmr Hr
son, from Liverpool, • etc. for Seattle.
NAPLES— Arrived April 11— Stmr Glengarry,
from Tacoma, for London.
GLASGOW — Arrived April 11 — Stmr Norwe
gian, from Boston.
LONDON — Arrived April 11 — Stmr Manltou,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived • April " 11 — Stmr
Noordland, from Philadelphia.
• Sailed April 11— Stmr Nomadic, for New
York. /
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG — Arrived April 11— Br stmr
Coptic, hence March 13. April 0— Br stmr Hy
son, from Liverpool, for Seattle.
COLON— Sailed April 8— Stmr Allianca, for
New York. ¦ • - •
Arrived April 8 — Stmr Finance, from New
YorU.
HIOGO— 'Arrived April 8— Br ship Palgrave.
from Philadelphia, thence to Portland.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived April fr— Fr bark Ed
mond Rostand, hen6e Dec 1.
BROWHEAD — Passed April 10 — Br bark Isa
bel -Browne, hence N«v 20.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived April 11— Schr
A J West, from Grays Harbor.
PANAMA— Sailed April 9— Stmr Argyll, for
Ean Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 9— Br ¦tmr Yang
tee, for Seattle.
GRIMSBY — Arrived April 0— Br ship Falls
of Halladale. from Oregon.
HULL — Arrived April 10 — Br snip Metropo
lis, from Tacoma.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived April 11— Nor bark
Cara, from Tacoma.
SHIELDS — Arrived April 11 — Ger ship Adolf,
from Hull, to load for San Francisco.
NAPLES— Arrived April 7— Br stmr Glen
garry, from Tacoma. •
PRAWLE POINT— Passed ADril 11 — Br stmr
Oopack. from Seattle, for Londoa.
LADTSMITH — Sailed April 11 — Br stmr Vic
toria, for San Francjsco.
, FOREIGN PORTS.
Sailed April 11— Schrs Barbara Hernster and
J B Leeds, for San Francisco; stmrs Argo and
Eureka, for San Francisco; schr Bertie Minor,
for Hllo: schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San Pedro.
PORTLAND— Sailed ADril 11— Stmr Aber
deen, for San Pedro. i
thon. Gem. Free Trade and Western Home, for
San Francisco. _ l"
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April 11 — Schr
Salvator, from Salinas Cruz. "¦
BANDON— Sailed April 11— Schrs Mayflower,
Conflanza and Coqullle, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 11— Stmr Mandalay. hende
April 8.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 11— Bktn
Omera, hence March 26.
EUREKA— Sailed April 11— Stmr Arso. for
San Francisco.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
In case : of contemplated shipment of muni
tions of war for the revolutionary party in
Colombia, as you mention, communicate with
the. United States Attorney and take all proper
measures to prevent or punish violations of
the neutrality laws I or the navigation laws of
the United States. The Consul making the
complaint should furnish special information,
and the department will communicate with the
Department of State and Attorney General con
cerning the matter.
Chief Clerk Cress Unger said vyesterday
that he had not been able tot discover
any United States law prohibiting 'the ex
portation of munitions of war, but he had
found a statute which required a bond of
double | the value of. the vessel and her
cargo to be given where a vessel equipped
for war purposes and considerable of her
cargo being. war material was about to
leave a port of the United States. The
statute refers only to a vessel fitted for
war purposes. Unger is of the opinion
that the subject comes under interna
tional law. . -
. Collector Stratton laid the facts before
the Secretary of . the Treasury and re
ceived a dispatch yesterday from O. L.
Spauldingr, acting Secretary of the Treas
ury, reading as follows:
.Esciplon Canal ; Consul at the 'port, of
San Francisco for the republic of Colom
bia, has called the attention of Customs
Collector Stratton to a reported shipment
of | arms and munitions of war from this
port to Colombia. The Consul's Informa
tion was to the effect that a quantity of
munitions. of war had been shipped from.
"Amberes, Belglca," on the steamship
Livland to New Orleans and thence to
this port, whence ; they, would be shipped
to"' the address of the revolutionary party
in Colombia. He requested the Collector
to prevent if possible the shipment of the
arms. The Consul; appears to have been
late in his application,- for twenty-flve
cases of .firearms and ammunition left on
the, City of Sydney last Tuesday.
Twenty-Five Cases of Fire
arms Are Sent to the
• ' . - . Revolutionists.
Consul Protests Against
Any Shipments From
/ ThisPort. ->
WAR MATERIAL
FOR COLOMBIA
TO SAIL.
Jennie Griffin Put's Back.
The gasoline schooner Jennie . Griffin sailed
The ship Kennebec, Captain Lane, will sail
to-day for Puget Sound to load spars for Bos
ton. It ' is many years since a sailing ship
left this port for Boston, and not many. years
afro "spars to Boston" would have been like
"coals to Newcastle."
Will Carry Cargo of Spars.'
As the time draws near for her arrival in
London, reinsurance on the British chip Red
Rock shows a tendency to fall. tShe Is now out
136 days from the Fraser River. She should
reach her destination in about two weeks. Tha
rate waa yesterday reduced to 15 per cent
Reinsurance Reduced.
The Rosecrans and Egbert, which have been
ordered sold, have been put In shape for in
spection by prospective buyers. The crew on
each verael has been reduced. ' There are only
two mates, four sailors, two Engineers and
tv/o firemen on each ship, and of the steward's
department Just enough men to) keep commis
sary matters straight
The army transport, Kilpatrick with the
Fifteenth United States Cavalry/ aboard, will
sail at noon to-day for Manila. The Kilpatrick
is in flrst-class shape, and no transport ever
left this port better equipped for the comfort
able transportation of soldiers. Captain Rog
ers was complimented yesterday by Marine
Superintendent Pierce on the cleanliness and
general, ehlp-shape appearance of the trooper.
In acknowledging the tribute Rogers declared
much of the credit to be due Chief Officer Hall
and Chief .Steward Fallon, both of' whom, he
said, tcok great ' personal pride in their re
spective departments.
Kilpatrick Sails To-Day.
CbEAKED.
Friday, April 11.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jcpsen, Victoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co. '
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Portland; Dolbeer &
Carson. ¦ ¦
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. . v •
Stmr Santa Ana, j Andresen, Seattle; E T
Br stmr Colombia, Heath, Valparaiso and
way ports; Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Ship* Sintram, Ekrem, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. .
Ship Bohemia, Whalman, Bristol Bay; Alas
ka Packers' Assn. . "
Ship Standard, Getchell, Bristol Bay; North
Alaska Salmon Co. _
<¦ Ship Tacoma, ' Pedersen, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. ¦:' .
Bark Star of Bengal, Henderson. Chemalnus:
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Spar, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn. - "r,-
Bark Electra, Petersen, Bristol Bay; Alaska
raCkerS ' ASSn ' SAILED. >
" > . Friday; April 11.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrington, Seattle.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Schage. San Pedro.
• Stmr -City of Puebla, Jensen, Victoria, etc.
Stmr EmDire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Edith. Hall, Seattle.
'Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz,
Stmr Chlco. Anderson. Astoria.
Br.stmr Colombia. Heath. Valparaiso and
way ports. ¦ , , / .
Ship Indiana. Bolton; Loring and Bristol
Ship Santa Clara, Larsen, Karluk and Lady
emith. ¦¦« . ,
¦ Ship Kennebec, Lone, Port Townsend.
Bark Star of Bengal, Henderson." Chemainus.
Bktn City of ¦ Papeete. Ipsen, codflshlng. -
Schr Volunteer, BrlFsem, Coos Bay. , , .
Schr Excelsior, Prudgett, Port Blaketey.
Schr Maggie CRuss.SJo, Umpqua River.
i . Schr Mary and Ida, Stensland, codftshing.
RETURNED. ;
Friday, April 11.
: Schr Jennie ; Griffin, hence this morning for
Bodesa, returned to port on account - of ma
chinery being disabled. . ' • ;
: :. MISCELLANEOUS. r -
¦ LONDON, .'April • 11 — Guayaquil telegraphs
Br Echr Alexander irrounded at Guayaquil, but
got oft with assistance, after discharging part
of carco. ¦"
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 11, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
; REDONDO-^Arrived 'April 11— Stmr Sequoia,
from 'San Pedro; stmr Samoa, from. Caspar. .
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed April 11 — Schr
Prosper, for Bristol Bav. . .- • - ¦"- (¦
Arrived April'" 11 — Schr Ethel Zane, •. from
Salina-Cruz. ;
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Audi • 11— Stmr W H
Krucer, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived . April 11 — Stmr St Paul,
from Seattle. ¦ • ¦ - ¦¦'
Sailed April /ll — Slmr Al-Ki. for Skagway ; .
etmr Umatilla, for Sound ports and San Fran
. SEATTLE— Sailed April 11— Shfp St Paul.
for Nushasak. I ; "
¦. - Sailed ¦ April?' 11— Stmr Mary D Hume, ; for
Bristol ¦ Bay. ' ¦ - . • . ' ¦ • ~~ . r
ASTORIA— Arrived Aoril 10— Stmr - Lakme, ;
e NEAH BAY— Passed in April . 11— Stmr
Golden Gate, : hence ; April 6, for Seattle; stmr
Wasbtenaw; hence ¦ April • 8, ¦ for Tacoma ; - Aus
stmr : Mafia, from Portland ; schr r Salvator,
from 7 Salinas i Cruz: .. bark Tidal Wave,*, hence
April 3, for- Port Gamble. wafi^ r^r-^r; f ,
-.SAN PEDRO — Arrived April .11 — Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua; ' itmr ', Santa Cruz. - from New
port; stmr Noyo,. from Fort Bragg.
Sailed :Anrll . 11 — Stmrs « Sequoia and Des
patch, for San Francisco;, stmr Pasadena,' for
Eureka:' stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April '. 11 — Schr Philip
pine, ' for. Tacoma: U • S stmr Wheeling, : for
Honolulu. ¦ ' '¦ - ' . : - '
. PORT BLAKELET — Arrived April ' 11 — Schr,
J t D Tallaht.' from -Port .Townsend; bri^ Tan- :
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed April 11— Schr Pre
nier,: for- Bristol. Bay. • .. ,
COOS BAY— Sailsd April 11— Schrs Melanc-
Captain von Helms, formerly of the steam
ship Curacao, was a passenger on the Colom
bia which sailed yesterday for Valparaiso and
way ports. Captain von Helms' destination is
Altata, Mexico. He i goes there in the inter
est of the underwriters to attend the survey
en the brig Lurline which recently went ashore
at that port. Temporary repairs will be ef
fected under Captain von Helms' supervision
and he will assist Captain Splcer in bringing
the brig to this port. Captain von Helms Is
building a four-masted schooner at the Fulton
shipyard. Whatcom, in command of which he
expects to return to active sea duty. ¦ She will
be ready in the fall. She is 1C6 feet long,
38 feet beam and has 13 feet depth of hold.
She will carry 700.000 feet of lumber and will
probably trade between Grays Harbor and
South American ports. *__ "
Von Helms Goes to Mexico.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Colombia sailed yesterday afternoon for Val
paraiso and way ports. She carried a large
cargo and many passengers. ' . ,
Summerfleld Bassett. the engineer whose pur-
Colombia Sails.
Branch Hydrographio ' Office, > U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
• _ April 11, 1902.-. 'c* ¦"" ."* " '-' "
The lime Ball on the tower of the Ferry
Building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich 1 mean time.'
.- « . W. H. STANDLKT.
! Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
/ ARRIVED.
\. Friday, April 11.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 70 hours from New
port. • . , ¦
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, 14 hours from
Albion. __
Stmr Chas Nelson, Bchasre, 86 hours from
Seattle; bound south; put In to land passen
gers. -'...- • ¦
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Ill hours from Ta
coma. .
Stmr Brunswick. Dettmers, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
U S ftmr Farrogut, ' Blocklinr, 2 days. from
Ban Dlejo. " v -—
.Schr Newark. Nielsen. 10. hours from Stew
arts Point.
O. H. Hllleary, Theodore Bronstrom, B. F.
Franklin, Charles Parker .McLalne, Mrs. Jo
seph Dlez. Francis M. White and wife, George
Newbauer. Thomas Seabury, Miss Genevleve
Seabury, Henry Jamison, S. Bassett, Clinton
Johnson, F. Burlan,, C. L. Vucanovlch, J. C.
Wholey, E. P. Trlana, Ramon Arias, Cayetano
Romero, Alberto Romero, Miss Romero, Mrs.
I. Schwartz, Miss Florence Schwartz, Miss
Pearl Schwartz. Dr. Graham, Mrs. Labory,
Silas Holman. Mrs. Silas Holman, Captain J.
von Helms, J. B. Dennis. L. Foncea, Jackson
Duff, C. I. Hinman. G. J. Weeley, A. C. Zol
likofer, D. A. McDonald, R. R. Elder, Mrs.
W. C. Kaelln. Emil Falk. L. J. Bergendahl,
G. F. Morton.
The Colombia carries passengers as follows:
E. P. Trlana, Mexican Minister to Guate
mala, was a passenger. Captain Cattarinlch,
formerly of the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany, went with the Colombia as far as the
pilot station, where he will go over the side
with pilot Reid and return as a guest of the
Lady Mine. •
chase and Importation for Immoral purposes of
Agostlna Morales brought him Into recent
notoriety, was a passenger 'on the Colombia.
Guatemala is his, destination and the purchase
of another girl, he . declares, is the business
that takes him south. The immigration bureau
will await the engineer's return with Interest
and his right and title to any "wife" he may
bring with him will be thoroughly Investigated
by * those that are sending Agostlna Morales
back to Guatemala.
Time Ball.
ARMY TRANSPORT THAT IS
REPORTED STUCK IN THE
MUD NEAR MANILA.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides - are given in the left
hand j column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence' as to time; the
lourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then' the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. '
THE United States army transport j
Hancock, which is reported ashore
In the mud on the beach, about 100
miles north of Manila, left here
March 15 for Manila. A dispatch
setting forth the facts given was pub
lished In The Call's dispatches yesterday
from Manila. It was stated in the dis
patch that ¦> tugs had been 6ent to the
transport's assistance and that It was
thought likely she would be floated with
out much difficulty.
The Hancock carried a very heavy car
go from this port and when she left was
drawing nearly twenty-seven feet, of
water. She had on board the" headquar
ters band and two battalions of the Tenth
Infantry, 150 marines, 21 members of the
Red Cross corps and 375 recruits and
casuals. Colonel L. H. Lincoln was
the ranking army officer aboard and Cap
tain Wlllson was In command of the
transport. Among the cabin passengers
were many wives and children of army
men and about BlXty army and marine
officers. The Hancock, formerly the
Arizona, was the first of the ocean grey
hounds on the transatlantic run and is
considered the handsomest and most use
ful of all Uncle Sam's troopers.
Major Deval, the general superinten
dent of the transport service at this port,
says that the Government advices report
the Hancock ashore on a reef off Point
Patiaug, ninety miles north of Manila.
The Navy Department, he says, is ren
dering assistance. The greatest danger
would be from monsoons, but as the reef
upon which the trooper is spitted is with
in two miles of the shore and protected
by high coast mountains. Major Deval
thinks the Hancock safe enough In that
respect.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun,' Moon r and Tide.
United States ' Coast and Geodetic .; Survey —
Times and -Heights =• of A High and Low
Waters . at -- Fort Point, entrance - to San
- Francisco ', Bay.' • Published by official au
>¦¦ thority ' of , the Superintendent. ' . . ; - . .
¦"> NOTE — The '.high, and -lew.- waters occur at
the ,'. city - front r • (Mission-street - wharO 'about
twenty-flve minutes ; later than at Fort Point ;
THlf SAST FRANCISCO .CALL*, ;¦ SATURDAY,; APRlt, 12, 1902. y
Major Devol Says Gales Are Most to yBe Feared by Troopship Which
Is Spitted on Philippine Reef, but Closeness of Shore and High
Coast Mountains Diminish the Danger From This Source
MONSOONS IMPERIL BIG TRANSPORT
HANCOCK, NOW ASHORE NEAR MANILA
7
SATURDAY. APRIL- 12.
Sur
Sur
Mot
rises
sets ....
>n sets ...
." t B:39
6:42
.....11:30 p. ra.
B
O
12
13
11
15
Time
Ft*
H W ,
1^32 Ti
2:26 S.1
3:31 4.0
4:42 4.7
L-W
0:17 2.9
1 :23 2.6
2:20 . 1.9]
{Time I
L w
8:29
9:31
10:39
11:43
H W
6:04
7:22
8:31
Ft.
—0.1
0.0
0.2
0.4
ITlmel
H W
3:41
4:50
5:65
6:53
L "W
12:42
1 :3.8
2:33
Time
Ft. FW
- L W
4.8 8:26 Tlj
4.C 0:39 8.0
4.6 11:00 3.1
4.8
H W
. O.C 7:45 5.0
0.8 8:31 6.3
1.1 9:13 5.5
16 '
17
18
4.C
4.6
4,7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. Ferndale & Eel River..
Arctic Humboldt ..........:.-.:
R. Dollar. . . . San Pedro
Fulton •' Hueneme '
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor ....'.....
Corcnado.... Grays Harbor .........
Eureka Humboldt
Rainier...... Seattle & Whatcom ....
Queen Puget Sound Ports
Phoenix...... itfendoclno City
Despatch. . .. San Pedro
Newburg.... Grays Harbor 's.
Folmlna. .. . . Nanalmo
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma
Progreso... .. Seattle .......'
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports
SnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. I
Sequoia San Pedro
San Mateo. . . Nanalmo .
Neko Hamburg: via West Coast
E^inta Monica ; San Pedro
S Barbara... Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos .Bay
Crescent City Crescent City ..........
Pomona Humboldt
Alameda. .... Honolulu '
China. China & Japan
O. W. Rider.. Portland & Astoria....
Victoria . Oyster Harbor
Washtenaw. . Tacoma .................
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.
Umatllla.... Puget Sound Ports
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports
Point Arena. . Point • Arena ...........
Lakme Portland &- Astoria....
Rival. Willapa Harbor |
San Juan.. .. Panama & Way Ports..
Mandalay... Coqullle River
North Fork.. Humboldt . T. ...........
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria....
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports...
Doric. . .. China & Japan
City of Puebl \ Puget Sound Ports |
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr/- IS
Apr. lit
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Brunswick.
Arjjo.......
fcunta Ana.
Pomona. ...
Pi. Arena. .
Coos Bay..
Alliance...
Spokane. . .
North Fork.
Columbia..
Ccrciiado. .
Despatch. .
Seouola. ...
Phoenix. . . .
Jiurrka....
Arctic....;
U.C.Llnd'er
Newburg 1 ..'"
6. Mcnlca..
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
i April 12. I
Humboldt ......
Ferndale & Eel Rlv.;
Seattle ' & Tacoma. .
Humboldt .........
Point. Arena
Ban: Pedro & Way.
April 13.
Portland & Way Pts
San Diego & Way.
Huraboldt .........
Astoria & Portland.
, April 14. .
Grays Harbor .'
Seattle & Falrhaven
Grays I Harbor
Mendodno City ...
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt .'......:.
Gray;. Harbor .....
i - April 15.
Grays -Harbor .....
Humboldt .'........
China. & Japan.....
Seattle & Tacoma. . .
t? April 1O.
San Elego & Way..|
Newport & Way Htsi
Puget ; Sound ! ' Ports
Seattle & N. What.
.- April 17.
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd
Seattle & Tacoma..
cT April 18.
Astoria , A Vortlnnd
Panama & Way Pts
• April 1O.
Honolulu
Nome via Seattle..:
- April 20.
Astoria & Portland
. , April 81.
Puget Sound Ports.
CoqiilUe ¦' River
WUlapa Harbor . .
¦ .v.. April 23.
China & Japan. . . .
10 am
I * pm|
1U HOI!
1:30 p
2 pm
0 ami
10 am
9 am
a am
Uam
I
6 pm|
5 pral
4 pm|
3 pm
12 m
10 am
L.....
t pml
|10 am|
I 1 pm
110 ami
I
Pier 28
I Pier 2
j-fler •£
Pier 8
Pier 2
IPler 11
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier A
Ipier. 2i
1 Pier 2
IPier 16
IPler 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier —
i
IPler 2
IPler 2
IPMSS
IPIer 8
EtataCal...
Santa Cruz.
Queen.....
Kalnler....
I 9 am|
I B ami
11 ami
5 pro)
¦ I
[pier 11
i Pier ll
IPler 9
iFler '2
I
/ i\ - , . ¦ ¦-
Arcata.....
J.S.Klmb'll
10 am
10 am
PieWl3
Pier 2
G. Elder...
Acapulco...
Slam!
|12 ; .m|
>P!#r 24
IPMSS
Alameda...
Portland. : .
I 2 pm
Pier 7
Pier,—
......
Lakme.V..".
.;,,:
Pier — '
Umatllla. . •
Mandalay..
Rival ..
11 am
4 pm
5 pm
i
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
i
China.'.....
I 1 pm|
IFMSS
Bteamer.
For.
Sail*.
Dlrigo. ...... Skagway & Way. Ports. [Apr. 12
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. ' 14
Bertha.*:..;: Cooks Inlet &< Way Pts. Apr.ilS
Eanta Ana... Cook* Inlet & Way Pu. Apr. 15
Cottars City. SkMtway & Way .Ports. Apr.'lB
City Seattle.. Skagrway. & Way Ports. Apr. 17
City of Topekt Skagway & Way Ports; Apr.' 20
Faralkm..... Skagway & Way. Ports. Apr. 20
Nome City... Nomeidirect ............. Apr. 21
*7tanle. ...... Nome direct. . . .-. ..... .-. Apr. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
SATURDAY. APRIL- 12.
Sur
Sur
Mot
rises
sets ....
>n sets ...
." t B:39
6:42
.....11:30 p. ra.
B
O
12
13
11
15
Time
Ft*
H W ,
1^32 Ti
2:26 S.1
3:31 4.0
4:42 4.7
L-W
0:17 2.9
1 :23 2.6
2:20 . 1.9]
{Time I
L w
8:29
9:31
10:39
11:43
H W
6:04
7:22
8:31
Ft.
—0.1
0.0
0.2
0.4
ITlmel
H W
3:41
4:50
5:65
6:53
L "W
12:42
1 :3.8
2:33
Time
Ft. FW
- L W
4.8 8:26 Tlj
4.C 0:39 8.0
4.6 11:00 3.1
4.8
H W
. O.C 7:45 5.0
0.8 8:31 6.3
1.1 9:13 5.5
16 '
17
18
4.C
4.6
4,7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. Ferndale & Eel River..
Arctic Humboldt ..........:.-.:
R. Dollar. . . . San Pedro
Fulton •' Hueneme '
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor ....'.....
Corcnado.... Grays Harbor .........
Eureka Humboldt
Rainier...... Seattle & Whatcom ....
Queen Puget Sound Ports
Phoenix...... itfendoclno City
Despatch. . .. San Pedro
Newburg.... Grays Harbor 's.
Folmlna. .. . . Nanalmo
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma
Progreso... .. Seattle .......'
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports
SnntaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. I
Sequoia San Pedro
San Mateo. . . Nanalmo .
Neko Hamburg: via West Coast
E^inta Monica ; San Pedro
S Barbara... Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos .Bay
Crescent City Crescent City ..........
Pomona Humboldt
Alameda. .... Honolulu '
China. China & Japan
O. W. Rider.. Portland & Astoria....
Victoria . Oyster Harbor
Washtenaw. . Tacoma .................
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports.
Umatllla.... Puget Sound Ports
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports
Point Arena. . Point • Arena ...........
Lakme Portland &- Astoria....
Rival. Willapa Harbor |
San Juan.. .. Panama & Way Ports..
Mandalay... Coqullle River
North Fork.. Humboldt . T. ...........
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria....
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports...
Doric. . .. China & Japan
City of Puebl \ Puget Sound Ports |
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr. 17
Apr/- IS
Apr. lit
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Brunswick.
Arjjo.......
fcunta Ana.
Pomona. ...
Pi. Arena. .
Coos Bay..
Alliance...
Spokane. . .
North Fork.
Columbia..
Ccrciiado. .
Despatch. .
Seouola. ...
Phoenix. . . .
Jiurrka....
Arctic....;
U.C.Llnd'er
Newburg 1 ..'"
6. Mcnlca..
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
i April 12. I
Humboldt ......
Ferndale & Eel Rlv.;
Seattle ' & Tacoma. .
Humboldt .........
Point. Arena
Ban: Pedro & Way.
April 13.
Portland & Way Pts
San Diego & Way.
Huraboldt .........
Astoria & Portland.
, April 14. .
Grays Harbor .'
Seattle & Falrhaven
Grays I Harbor
Mendodno City ...
Humboldt ..........
Humboldt .'......:.
Gray;. Harbor .....
i - April 15.
Grays -Harbor .....
Humboldt .'........
China. & Japan.....
Seattle & Tacoma. . .
t? April 1O.
San Elego & Way..|
Newport & Way Htsi
Puget ; Sound ! ' Ports
Seattle & N. What.
.- April 17.
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd
Seattle & Tacoma..
cT April 18.
Astoria , A Vortlnnd
Panama & Way Pts
• April 1O.
Honolulu
Nome via Seattle..:
- April 20.
Astoria & Portland
. , April 81.
Puget Sound Ports.
CoqiilUe ¦' River
WUlapa Harbor . .
¦ .v.. April 23.
China & Japan. . . .
10 am
I * pm|
1U HOI!
1:30 p
2 pm
0 ami
10 am
9 am
a am
Uam
I
6 pm|
5 pral
4 pm|
3 pm
12 m
10 am
L.....
t pml
|10 am|
I 1 pm
110 ami
I
Pier 28
I Pier 2
j-fler •£
Pier 8
Pier 2
IPler 11
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier A
Ipier. 2i
1 Pier 2
IPier 16
IPler 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier —
i
IPler 2
IPler 2
IPMSS
IPIer 8
EtataCal...
Santa Cruz.
Queen.....
Kalnler....
I 9 am|
I B ami
11 ami
5 pro)
¦ I
[pier 11
i Pier ll
IPler 9
iFler '2
I
/ i\ - , . ¦ ¦-
Arcata.....
J.S.Klmb'll
10 am
10 am
PieWl3
Pier 2
G. Elder...
Acapulco...
Slam!
|12 ; .m|
>P!#r 24
IPMSS
Alameda...
Portland. : .
I 2 pm
Pier 7
Pier,—
......
Lakme.V..".
.;,,:
Pier — '
Umatllla. . •
Mandalay..
Rival ..
11 am
4 pm
5 pm
i
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
i
China.'.....
I 1 pm|
IFMSS
Bteamer.
For.
Sail*.
Dlrigo. ...... Skagway & Way. Ports. [Apr. 12
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. ' 14
Bertha.*:..;: Cooks Inlet &< Way Pts. Apr.ilS
Eanta Ana... Cook* Inlet & Way Pu. Apr. 15
Cottars City. SkMtway & Way .Ports. Apr.'lB
City Seattle.. Skagrway. & Way Ports. Apr. 17
City of Topekt Skagway & Way Ports; Apr.' 20
Faralkm..... Skagway & Way. Ports. Apr. 20
Nome City... Nomeidirect ............. Apr. 21
*7tanle. ...... Nome direct. . . .-. ..... .-. Apr. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
A3&XJSEKENT&.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. April 12.
Parquet. 25c. any scat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
LOOK AT THE NAMES!
Jdarie "Wainwright and Company;
The Clipper Quartet, and James H.
Cullen. Last times of Homer Lind
and Company; Fred Stuber; Pa-
pinta; Gorman and Keppler, and
Mr. and Mrs. Drew, in "The Yel-
low I>ra£on."
Evenings at 8 Eharp. Matisee Saturday at 2
Sharp.
CCOD LUCK AWAITS YOU.
COME AND CONSULT
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
ALICE NEILSEN'S GREAT SUCCESS,
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bash 9.
Powell Street, near Market.
MATKCEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT— LAST
TIME.
A New Play by Louis N. Parker. Entitled.
"THE CARDINAL"
Next "Week— 6 NlKhts— Mat. Sat.
MR. E. S. WILLARD in-
"THE PROFESiOa'S LOVE STORY"
tj J. K. Barrie, tetter of "The little Hlnitter."
Seats Ready $2. $1.50. XI. 75c. 50c and 25c
BELtSCOA^TfeAlCSjLg^
,, — -i »^ ttfSSTt CtTTHAtA
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVG.— Last Times.
A Sensational Melodrama of Wonderful
Romance and Thrilling Incident. THE
I A 1VTPV Z^C i
LAIND \Jr
THE LIVING.
Ccm«6y. Pathos and Heart Interest.
BIJTrCC Evenings 10c to 50c
riUVLJ Matinees * 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Monday— The Big Hit,
"DANGERS OF A GREAT CITY."
K $* C
fS-VH HAT R £r\ },
Eelasco & Thall. Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVG.— Last Times.
EXTRAORDINARY DOUBLE BILL!
David Belaaco's Famous Japanese Tragedy.
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by Augustin Daly's Superb Comedy,
THE GREAT UNKNOWN.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
PRICES— 15c 25c, 85c, 80c and 75c.-
Ncxt Monday — Broadhurst's Funny Farce,
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
"ON THE TOP WAVE OF POPULARITY."
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 2:15.
Hurtig and Seamon Present
Williams & Walker
And Their Own Company in the Musical Hit,
SONS OF HAM.
NEXT— MONDAY. April 21.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE NEILL CO.
Regular subscribers' seats now ready.
Single seat sale next Thursday. 9 a. in.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. '
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"GISMONDA."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Last Week but One of Our $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE,
In Sardou's Society Drama,
"FEDORA."j
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats. All Matinees. 25c
1 FISCHER'S THEATER
OTarrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
OUB OFFICER COUNTED THEM— 1078 PEO-
PLE COULD NOT SEE
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
LAST NIGHT, So Great Waa the Number
Turned Away.
A Hoepital For the Cure of Every Sick Person.
A Round of Laughter from Begin-
ning to End.
Have You Heard. Have you seen.
Tbe Ro««y Posey's, the Shirt Waist Girls, the
F"loradora Sextet, the Burlesque Duet?
If Not, "Well" Then You Are Not Alive.
Remember the Matinees — Sat. and Sundajr.
Children at Matinees, 10c; night prices. 25c
and 50c; mat.. 22c all over. Matinee to-day.
• — — , — .
THE HEINRICHS 5
LAST RECITAL.
THIS AFTERNOON.
Metropolitan Kail.
Beats 60c and 75c, at Sherman, Clay &. Co.'«.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
BLOOM FIELD ZE*SL.E|Y,
PIANIST.
4— RECITALS — I
METROPOLITAN HALL.
NEXT TUESDAY AND THURSDAY NIGHTS.
AFTERNOONS WEDNESDAY AND SATUR-
DAY. April 16 and 19.
Reserved Seats now celling at Sherman. Clay
& Co/s, 75c, fl, $1 60. $2.
Steinway Piano Used.
baseball;
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
'SACRAMENTO TsTSAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats, 6 Stockton st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0©COCOO0©OOC0QOa90COOO
• ORDERS RECEIVED NO*. §
• •
I HERALDS I
| OF I
I EMPIRE I
§ ' By A. C LAUT, %
• Q
Author of "Lords of the North." £
9 12m o. Cloth, $1 50. O
5 The Book Will Be Published the Lat- 2
9 ter Part of April. ©
© o
© : ©
§ D. APPLETON & COMPANY, |
S PUBLISHERS, HEW YORK. %
©_ ©
P 51 !;?/"? A Desirable location,
luluvV unsurpassed cuisine,
. .-'V uncqualcd ser-
orin vice and modern
uIlU conveniences are the
attributes that have
(if n fj/i made these two. ho-
UidtlU tels popular .with
;• ¦''!:. tourists and travel-'
H/\fA|C . ers who visit San
UOlCiS 'Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING
s^^'.u^^iKgN* Every Week Day-
sr . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY* CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at Oxe tntrance - to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking.. Buy your
terry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue'
electric cara at Seventh aad Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric - cars
co direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately. after the last
race l ¦ - '•¦»--'
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES K. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SCOBES AGAIN. V
A Preparation That Will Destroy the
Dandruff Germ Discovert
Finally the scientific student has dis-
covered a certain remedy for dandruff.
When it first became < known that dan-
druff is. the result of a germ, or parasite
that digs Into the scalp and saps the, vi-
tality of hair at the root, causing falling
hair arid baldness, biologists set to work
to discover some preparation that will
kill the /germ. 1 After a year's labor.- In
one laboratory, the germ, de-
stroyer was discovered, and it is now! em-
bodied in I Newbro's ; Herpiclde, which be-
sides curing baldness and thinning; hair,"
speedily and permanently, eradicates dan-
druff. "Destroy tne cause, you remove
the effect." ' ' .
¦^ . ..^ . _; •' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ V
COFYMSHT tHI tV TMI MOCTEH * Wlltl CO. OMCIRIUtt
||i||he blackness of Moncky is for-
|||II gotten when the housekeeper
11111 views on Tuesday the snow-
drift /of linen that has been washed
white with Ivory Soap, It floats, -
MRYT MEMORY TEST
HE A 1 F.OR A PRIZE
/-«• fTsr SECOND INSTALLMENT*
I'H I [a I ,
I I 1^1 Forty Pupils From the Public Schools Am
i3UlV Put to, Test
DAY DO YOU WANT
¦ TO LAUGH?
I A I | See *Pat and Heiay" ia Thdr Litest;
1 i Ml fl- || Adventures. ¦'/•'•
Wi. a&^m This page has attracted more attention
i than any other comic page published in
APRIL THIRTEENTH San Frandseo.
MOST DARING HORSE- THE BUILDING OF^A
WOMAN IN THE PARK. SUBMARINE BOAT.
\ JULIET CROSBY IN TH£ MOST STUNNING
MME. BUTTERFLY. PARISIAN GOWNS IN
. At Viewed by a Japanese Woman. SAN FRANCISCO. \
THE SUNDAY CALL PUBLISHES MORE WESTERN STORIES i
THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO PAPE3S COMBLNED.| Mrs. William H.' Crocker gave a .de
lightful. luncheon yesterday in honor: of
; - Miss Jean Reid. The Whitelaw Reids are
, being handsomely entertained.'. -
•"•<."-•"! '-..¦ i .-- x it!.'*'fi'i-; «,'' •"¦¦••¦;,: • , ' '. ¦> .
•.;* ' ?Mrs.". John'/ Rogers Clark (nee JIullins)
,and Mrs.-. Charles Frederick Mullins gave
-; thplr lastfreception yesterday afternoon nt
. Mrs. James Hunter /.Harrison gave a
small, Informal tea yesterday at her new
home, 2941 Washington street.^ The. guest
of honor was Mrs. Zane of Chicago. The
decorations were simple and . artistic srhd
the guests were charmingly entertained.
A, few friends assisted Mrs. Harrison: in
receiving. . : :
!;Mrs. .Robert Knight gave a luncheon
yesterday! in honor of her ; sister, Mrs.
Henry. Dieckmann. The decorations were
in excellent taste and everything was per
fectly appointed. 1 The guests were:
Mrs. Harden Crawford of New ' York,' Miss
Sinclair/Mrs. Robert Lee Stephenson, . Mrs.
EdFon Adams, Mrs. ; LiMan Brown Everts,
Miss Florinne Brown. " Mrs. ¦¦ Harry Hlnckley,
Mrs. • Charles Minor Goodall, Mrs. Remi Cha
bot, Mlsa Chabot and Miss Claire Chabot.
tertalning and successful, '.will- be carried
out at each of. the monthly meetings.
The Papyrus Club meets •*.¦ the ; second
Thursday In every month. It is composed
of forty .women, of whom Mrs. C. Mason
Klnne is president; Mrs. W. P. Bucking
ham, vice president; Mrs. E. B. Grace,
treasurer; Mrs. E. R. Bryant, secretary,
and Mrs. Mora Moss, Mrs. E. M. Cooper
and Mrs. Dorville Llbby, directors. -
THREE LADIES WHO ASSIST
ED AT RECEPTION GIVEN
BY MRS. H. C. BREEDEN.
CLAIMS ARREST WAS ILLEGAL.— Judge
Graham took under submission yesterday the
petition 'of H, • W. Covert for his release from
custody on a writ of habeas corpus. Covert
was arrested by Detective T. Lt Ryan on a
telegram from the Chief of Police of Chicago,
¦who ¦ said Covert . was wanted for I stealing a
quantity of furs. . • ¦ .
. The ; Alumni Association of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San Fran
cisco will hold its next regular quarterly
meeting at the college. next Monday even
ing. The * following • Interesting- pro
gramme has been arranged: . "On the In
structional Value of Museums," by Dr.
d'Arcy Power; "The Eye In the Diagnosis
of General ... Diseases," by Dr. Redmond
W. Payne; "Consideration of Second
Dentition— On the Period of Same," by
Walter F. Lewis, D. D. S.; "Report of a
Case of Nitrous Oxide Poisoning," by J.
Walter Key. M.D.. D.D.S.; "The Degree
cf Doctor of Pharmacy at the P. and S.
In 1903," by Professor Paul A. Dubols,
Ph.G. Prpfessor A. Cunningham will de
liver a lecture on. "How. to Memorize"
and illustrate by some difficult feats.
Alumni, to: Hold Quarterly Meeting.
Webster says that It now becomes neces
sary to return the, written charges made
by Miss McKinney against Lyser to the
Board of Education, to whom they were
addressed. Under a recent decision of
Judge Seawell the board may try accused
teachers without the intervention of the
Superintendent of Schools, even should
he .report that he Is .unable to discover
corroborative evidence. . Webster thinks
that it is the duty of the board to give
Miss McKinney an opportunity to prove
her charges and a chance to Lyser to dis
prove them. In fact the latter some time
ago requested that the trial be held with
out waiting. for Superintendent Webster's
findings In the case.
It is not a. settled matter that Principal
Albert Lyser of the John Swett . School
will escape, triaf by. the Board of Educa
tion on . charges preferred by Miss Mary
McKinney, a teacher 'in the same -school.
Superintendent of Schools Webster stated
yesterday that he had been misquoted In
a statement that he had recommended to
the board that the charges against Lyser
be dropped. -..
What . Webster did tell the board was
that two witnesses who had voluntarily
agreed to corroborate Miss McKlnney's
charge that Lyser had said that she was
a nrevarlcatbr and' insane had wilted
when the supreme moment of swearing
came and declined to make affidavits.
Superintendent Webater Returns
Charges Preferred by Miss McKin
ney to Board of Education.
PRINCIPAL LYSEB WILL
HAVE TO STAND TRIAL
An objection was filed yesterday to the
confirmation of the sale of the estate of
Joseph - P.' Hale when the matter came
up ; in Judge "¦ Coff ey's court. 'The objec
tion was '_ made by Attorney Theodore
Roche, who in the absence of Attorney
Matt : I. , Sullivan represented Ann Feeney
Wright, -. one of the heirs. Roche asked
for a continuance on the ground. that Sul
livan, Mrs. Wright's attorney, was un
avoidably absent and that therefore the
sale should not be confirmed. •
Koche claims that the prices ' the prop
erty brought at a sale ordered by the
court seven years ago are not commen
surate with the "vaiue of the property
and intimated that collusion existed be
tween Mrs. Anals Ha.e, administratrix of
the . estate, ¦ and' the purcnasers. His mo
tion was supported Dy W. W. Cameron,
who announced that He was prepared to
bid $1200 for'a piece of property wnicir
would bring only $200 If tne original safe
was'confirmed. Several other oids were
made, which, If accepted, would cause a
decided Increase In tne assets of the es
tate. ¦ . ,
ltoche; filed an affidavit In which he
averreu tnat certain tide lands in this
city owned by the estate were sold to
Adam and Joseph Grant for a ridiculously
low sum, and averred turther that a sec
tion of the Hale ranch in Santa Clara
County was sold to J. T. Burke for $1100,,
while it is worth $2284. Roche also claims
that the Grants at • the disputed sale
bought several sections of the wale ranch
for $11,449 79, which should not be sold for
less than $32,740.
The matter will be heard again to-day
at 2 p. m. . •.
Disposal of Hale Estate Is
Stoppsd by Attorney
: - for an. Heir.
Obj ection Is Made on the
Ground In at Prices
Are Too Low.
SALE OF LAND
IS DISPUTED
The Mexican colony of this city is pre
paring to celebrate the fortieth anniver
eary of the battle won hy General Ignaclo
Zaragcza against the French army In the
outskirts of the city of Puebla. The cel
ebration will be held in Washington
Square Hall Saturday night. May 3, and
will be under the auspices of the Hidalgo
Club.
Hezicans to Hold a Celebration.
The Italian relief committee will give a
benefit en next Sunday evening at Native
Sons' Hall. Elaborate preparations have
been made for the occasion. Forty native
children ranging from four to ten years
of age will render a comedy entitled "The
Students of Padua." The little ones have
been instructed by Teresa Ghibaudi, a
teacher of elocution.
Comedy by Forty Children.
"I understand enough about law," said
Mrs. Muhcim. "to prove that the defend
ant owes us the money."
That the lady was a good enough - at
torney was evident from the decision
¦which was in her favor.
'"Am I to understand, madam," said
Judge Dunn, "that you are cognizant of
the legal responsibilities .which your
action will entail?"
Mrs. Christina Muheim acted as her own
attorney yesterday in a suit tried by Jus
tice cf the Peace Dunn, and so ably did
Ehe cenduct her case that she secured a
judgment for J24. Mrs. Muheim and her
husband. John Muheim. who condnct a
lodging-house at 2i& Fourth street, sued
Albert Schmitt for £5 75 money advanced
and board and lodging.
When the case was called Mrs. Muheim
informed Judge Dunn that her husband
v.-as unable to appear on account of ill
ness. She further stated that she could
not afford to hire an attorney, but asked
that the case go on. Judge i>onn was in
a. quandary when Mrs. Muheim relieved
him by stating that she would conduct
her own cause.
Causa Against Albert Schmitt
in Justices' Court. 1
Urs. Huheim Successfully Pleads Her
ACTS AS HER OWN LAWYER
ANT) SECTJBES JTJrxraEIIT
It was decided to take ths journey at
night, leaving San Francisco Thursday
evening. May 9. anivinjr at Bakersfield
a.t 7 o'clock the following morning. The
time cf leaving Bakersfield on the return
journey was left to the committee of ar
rangements, but it was the sense of the
meeting to fix the departure so as to
breakfast at Tulare and enjoy the day
coming through the valley, making stops
at Fresno and other important points, ar
riving home late Saturday night.
A committee was appointed consisting
of Walter B. Castle of the Chamber of
Commerce. J. P. Currier, from the Manu
lacturcrs' and Producers' Association; F.
H. Wheelan. from the Merchants' Asso
ciation; M. S. Koshland, from the Mer
chants' Exchange; Leo Michaels, from
the Board of Trade, and J. A. Filcher,
from the State Board of Trade, to can
'¦a?? among the members of their respec
tive organizations and business men gen
erally and secure a list of all who will'
attend and report at a meeting to be held
April 18 at 2 o'clock at the Chamber of
Commerce.
J. B. Duffy, representing the Santa Fe
Railroad, stated that an arrangement had
been made between his company and the
Southern Pacific to take ail who would
go from San Francisco on a special train,
if desired, at the rate of a one-way fare
tor the round trip.
- On the motion of Mr. Sbarboro the In
vitation from the people of Bakersfleld
was accepted and a committee of three,
consisting of Sbarboro, Castle and Jen
nings, was appointed to make all arrange
ments regarding transportation and ac
commodation for the excursion.
The Chamber of Commerce was repre
sented by Walter iL Castle, R. P. Jen
nings and Charles F. Healey; represent
ing the Manufacturers' and Producers*
Association were: A. Sbarboro, J. P. Cur
rier and Charles E. Bancroft, and repre
senting the Merchants' Association were
Charles Bundschu and Charles Wheelan.
The Merchants' Exchange was represent
ed by M. S. Koshland and T. C. Fued
lander, and the Board of Trade of San
•Francisco by J. D. Grant and Leo
Michaels; J. A. Filcher represented the
State Board of Trade.
J. D. Grant was elected president and
J. A. Filelier secretary-
At the request of the chairman Mr.
Filcher explained the purposes of the
meeting and it was unanimously agreed
thai the business men's excursion to
Bakerstield will be beneficial, for the rea
son that it will put the San Francisco
business men in close touch with the busi
ness interests of the Upper San Joaquin
Valley, at the same time giving the mer
chants an opportunity of enjoying a
needed recreation.
Some weeks ago the Board of Trade of
Bakersfield sent a Relegation to the city
to invite San Francisco to participate in
the street fair tind carnival to be held in
Bakersf.e'.d from May 3 to the 10th. In
consequence there was a meeting at tne
Chamber of Commerce yesterday, at
which there were representatives from
all the commercial organizations of the
Conditions in Valley Will Be
Studied by Commercial
Organizations.
San Franciscans Decide
to Witness Carnival
at Bakersfield.
CITY MERCHANTS
WILL TAKE TRIP
•¦--> V;.; , -¦ ¦-¦..:.-., ¦ ..:¦¦.-. ."¦¦¦.¦ . . . v ¦ ¦ - - :
THE SAN FBAy CISCO CAEL, SATURDAY, cAPKIL. 12, 1902.
CHARGKS RAUER WITH FRAUD.—Mar
garet Scott. is suing Bauer's Collection Agency
to recover -a house and lot on Nebraska ami
.Yolo ftre*tB, which she alleges tbe collector
obtained by fraud *
Ladles' Observation Car,. Library, Writ-
Ing-desk, Telephone, in. Overland Limited
exhibition train at Oakland Pier to-nlgnL*'
Secure Invitation from \ Information Bu-'
reau, Southern Pacific, 613 Market street. •
'Michael Gllmomv died at St. Joseph's
Hospital ori Thursday last at . the j age of
104 i? years.' 'Gilmpur; was born Mn Ireland
In; 1798,. but was a resident of - Calif orhia
for. sixty- two years. ¦ '¦. The cause : - of ? death
..was marasmus, ¦• with which • he < had , been
afflicted for two years. -•> The remains- were
Interred In St. Mary'a Cemetery, Oakland.
Dies at an Advanced Age.
The Pleasure Seekers' Club will hold its
annual excursion and picnic at Fern brook
Park on Sunday. April 20. A:large'.at
tendance is expected: Boats; will, leave
the foot of Market street at. 9:30 a. m. ,;
Pleasure-Seekers' ; Picnic^
We give special attention to, prevailing I
forms and engrave (ViBiting cards, wod-1
ding invitations and announcements Tcor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms,' crests
and address dies made to order. . Sanborn
Vail & Co.,' 741 Market street. .' :*:¦-
¦Engraved Cards and Vedding Invi
tations. .
. Henryj Lewis, ¦ says ¦;" he 1 is a, cook,
was convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday
or»f aicharge of petty • larceny. Thursday
morning ' Lewis ] and ! two 'companions^ en
tered thjfe store of Bernard Cerf on Kearny
street, Jrtear Sacramento,? and while; the
others/ kept tKe clerk:; in conversation
Lewis- swiftly transferred > three suits of
clothes to, a; valise he carried and ran -out
o* 'the ' etore. -s He , was , chased and :cap
tured. > The other men < escaped.
Male. Shoplifter Is Convicted.
: The. California; Promotion Committee of
San Francisco, through its executive com
mittee.'has issued a personal letter to the
. business men of. the city, calling atten
[ tion to I the fact that - funds are now re
quired to carry out. the plans of the com
j mittee.' v The letter . suggests the amount
necessary, leaving It, j however, to jjjj the
Judgment of the recipient as to the exact
sunvhe.may subscribe. A blank with; a
return stamped envelope is inclosed with
each communication, and a' record is kept
by the secretary. The- amounts, sub
scribed, -with the .names of the sub
scribers; 1 will be 'published as > they are
' • . -
¦ A soliciting committee hasJbeen ap
pointed to call on the. banks and other ln
stitutions.vThe committee began its work,
yesterday,' and its . labors were .well;: re
warded. Tho;Bank of California and sev
erar other banks were^vlsited, each: of
which subscribed -the sum of $50 .per
'month ."for one year. ¦
•vj.- A.- "Fllcher, secretary of the State
Board of Trade, appeared before" the Su
pervisors'. Finance Committee last night
to urge that the sum of $100 be > appro
priated monthly by the city to help ad
vertise J the . resources of ' the " State. • After
explaining the purposes of - the . Board of
Trade, Flicher was advised to send a peti
tion on the subject to the Board oi Super
visors. . • • - " = / ¦- ~ :, ". ¦-- -. • ¦'
A supplemental account of the Fair es
tate was filed yesterday in anticipation:
of Goodfellow's resignation. The account
shows that since AugUBt 25- of last, year
the Fair children ' have borrowed $150,000
at 3 per cent from the estate in addition
to the sum,of 5147,152 34 received by them
under, a decree of partial • distribution.
The receipts from the estate, according to
the account, from August 25, 1901. to April
5. 1902, were J239.996 30, which, added to
the amount of cash on hand last August,
made 11,544,053 01. Out of this sum $1,431,
082 05 was disbursed,: leaving a balance on
band Arril 5 of $112,970 £6. . . ' < .
Among - the disbursements are to Pier
son & .Mitchell, $150,000; Garret AW. Mc-
Enerney, $75,000, and Robert Y. JHaync,
$25,000, all for legal services. The three
executors received $50,S39 12 each as com
mission. ' ' ¦•""¦¦.¦ • ,¦¦¦¦ ' •
Attorney *W. S. Gobdfellow, who,;, with
James S. Angus and T. G.; Crothers, has
served as executor pf the estate of the
late Senator James jiG. Pair, will within
a few days resign, the recent decision of
the Supreme Court having made such a
step possible. Goodfellow stated last night
that he saw no reason, now that' the
muchly contested Fair will has-been ad
mitted to probate, why he should con
tinue to act as executor. In the opinion
of Attorney Goodfellow,: the estate will
be closed In a very short time by his co
laborers, Angus and : Crothers. ,
Jn the matter of the Geary-street Rail
road franchise, the committee did not
take up the report of the City Attorney
as to\the time the franchise expires- and
the right of the city and county to 'take
such steps as required by the charter to '
acquire the same. The committee infor
mally discussed. the sections of the char
ter pertaining to public utilities and sug
gested certain amendments,. so that the
city and county of San Francisco might
be able to acquire such public utilities in
a nmnner easier than the present la-jv
provide*. -. ...... .- .. .. -.' ¦ •
With regard to the new branch library
at Sixteenth and Sanchez streets, on a
site selected by the library trustees, two
delegations of citizens appeared before
the committee. One delegation favored
the site selected by the library trustees,
while the other opposed it and wanted the
branch library erected on the southeast
corner of Waller and Scott streets. The
matter was laid over for one week.
The members of the Board of Education
were present and announced that Jhey,
were not ready v to report fully on sites
for new schoolhouscs. The School Di
rectors will make their complete report
next Friday, however.
City Engineer Grunsky presented Van
estimate of the cost to lower the grade
of Sansome street, but consideration; w
the matter by the committee was. post
poned for one week, v
Sheriff Lackmann informed the com
mittee that the site of the present jail
was far too small on which to erect a
new building. Suggestions were made to
acquire property east and north of the
present jail so as to give a frontage of
120 feet on Broadway and a depth of 195
feet. Other propositions were to secure
sites In the rear of the Hall of Justice
and on Portsmouth Square, adjoining the
headquarters of the Exempt Firemen.
The Board of Public Works will present
the required information at the next
meeting of the Utilities Committee.
The Public Utilities Committee of the
Board cf Supervisors yesterday requested
the Board of Public Works to appraise
certain sites for the proposed new County
Jan. ;;::;.
Banks 'Assist California
Promotion^ Commit
tee in Its Work.
Says Two Executors Can
Now CJose Up the
Fair Estate.
Place of Confinement
May Adjoin Hall of
Justice.
APPEAL MEETS
WITH SUCCESS
GOOD FELLOW
WILL RESIGN
•i- — i — j.
¦ ¦ : . ••» ¦
The session was devoted to the telling
of witty stories, conundrums and humor
ous episodes, each member contributing
something to the symposium.
This programme, which proved very en-
APPRAISE SITES
FOR NEW JAIL
The first regular meeting of the Papyrus
Club, an organization of women, formed
for the purpose of stimulating wit and
humor among Its members, was held
Thursday afternoon at the residence of
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham, 2115 Sacramento
street.
Mrs. Clinton Worden, Mrs. Edward Pond,
Mrr. W'akefleld Baker. Mrs. Latham McMullln
Miss Alice Hager, Mrs. James Folllu, Miss Ida
Gibbons. Miss Fannie Grant, Miss Bernle
Drown. Miss Roberta Bruce an4 Miss Charlotte
Ellin wood.
Mrs. Breeden received In a beautiful
gowri of cream lace over white chiffon
and silk. She was aslsted by:
£*Tp«a HE artistic drawing-rooms of Mrs.
S Henry C. Breeden (nee Butler).
I at 2714 Broadway, were thrown
1L open for the fir§t time yesterday
afternoon for the post-nuptial re
•ccptlon of the hostess. The Breeden-But
ler wedding occurred In the East on De
cember 28 last, but as the young couple
arrived In this city during Lent no enter
taining was done. The new house was a
veritable Garden of Eden yesterday, and
flowers, beauty and harmony reigned su
preme. The decorations were American
Beauty roses and the fairest of spring
blossoms, arranged with pleasing effects.
The dining-room was done in San Rafael
roses. Many guests were received during
the afternoon and were most hospitably
entertained. Appetizing viands were
eeived.
1809 Gough street. Those who assisted in
receiving were : ; , < ;
Miss LUlle' Sprockets, Miss Grace Spreckels,
Mis* llnye Colburn, 'Miss : Mary Polhemu*.
Miss Charlotte Kllinwoocl. . Miss Josephine
Loughborough. Mies.- Fannie ';LoushborouKh,
Mis* Hager, Miss Gertrude Vftn..; 'Wy'ck and
Miss Lcontlne Blaktman. - .' '•' •'. . ;
'¦¦ • -O- ¦,¦¦•• - : .'.- ,-•¦•• •>-}'*. ¦¦'-: '<:\.! .
„; Miss MadelonvWi««;fl"enjrJ(«emeilt recep
tion took* place. yestjerday ? at. the residence
of her' mother. Mrs. Henry "Wise. Miss
Wise Is i,to wed Samuel Rosenblum.
¦ ,. • ;'- .*'.'.'..¦• - -''. •-".:' " • ;'.> • ' " ' .
I Mr. and Mrs. .Joseph' King entertained
at dinner last, evening; in honor of Miss
Salisbury, whose engagement has recently
been announced. ¦¦'¦•'-
¦'.;*'. ¦' . ¦ ¦ • .. * ¦•"•¦¦¦.";¦ •
¦ Miss Sadie E. ' Robinson and James G-
Cox j were, .quietly married j on Thursday
evening/' at . the. residence of the bride's
partnts^Mr. . and Mrs. K. G. Robinson,
on Devlsadero street: The Rev. Dr. Hayos
officiated. - The groom is connected with
theAflrm-of . C; M. .Volkman & Co. Mr.
and Mrs.' Cox ire speeding away on their
wedding trip" to "parts unknown. They
will : return In ' a Couple of weeks and re
s<de in this clty v ' • . ¦ • ,
Miss Ruth Foster, accompanied by Mrs.
M.'.H. Foster,- started on Thursday for
Annapolis, where they; will be the guests
or relatives, Lieutenant and Mrs. Wurtz
baugh. ;;?.*-• ; ; • • • tyv ; : .v . • • ¦ ;
• Miss Ruth'McNutt Jias concluded her
visit with Mrs. . Ashton Potter and Is in
New York City.:,-.
Mrs. Schwerln ¦ is at present in Balti
more. ' ¦ ;¦• '¦¦'...- > . .
Spring Blossoms^ Into a Veritable Garden of Eden,: Are Thrown
Open for First Time and Many Enjoy Hospitality of Hostess
Artistic Drawing-Rooms, Transformed With Roses and" Fairest of
LENTEN SEASON PASSED, MRS. BREEDEN
RECEIVES IN HER BEAUTIFUL HOME
8
bcEAur tbavei«.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
t^W^. Wharf, San Francisco:
KMg^gv For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
'ftSSrSS^sw. Skaguay, etc., Alaska — 11
L '*Te^$Y$a!i a - m-i A P r " 16 - 21 > "'>• Ma y
tW5ASi>l»l 1. Change to company's
ffttVyra steamers at Seattle.
¦ f^^^SSiS^U For Victoria, Vancouver.
: - '^^TneTal. Port'Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. m.',, April 16, 21. 26. May 1. . Change
at Seattle to ¦ this company'* steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or- Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay; — 1:30 p. m.,
April 12. 17, 22. 27. May 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Spokane, Sundays, 0 a. m.
I State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Anjjeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Obiapo
(via Port. Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport (*Santa Cruz only).
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., April 12, 20, 28, May 6.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only), April 16.
24. ••
For Ensenada.-Magdalena Bay.' San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. . Altata. La Paz.' Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7 tH each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is. reserved to change steamers or
sailing Sates. - ¦ •. •
:. CCFTCE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' .»
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.; San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— —FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE I
VALENCIA .......: JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the reason "
- fiteam^hlpt. CITY OF PUEBLA and QUF.EN
iMvinir >an Francisco May 2« and May 31 r»-
fpectlvely. connect with above eteamer?. Th»
new and M*irnnt »teamshlps Senator and V»-
l«nc!a made regular trip* tn Nom° last year
landing all pawngers r.nd freieht without los«'
mlfhap r.r delay. For pa»t<engrr rate* and
Ncroc folHer. "arpl.v Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
fom»rv »tr»et •P»'^'"» Hpt»I> ¦
COODALL. J>KRKINS * CO. G«nl. A^nU.
10 Market «t.. Franclaco.
O. R r ;» N- CO,
CNLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail i | n e From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
IiOVVjjiS'i.'. itATJua.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
fcS. r COLUMBIA Sails... April 13 23 Maya. U
ES. GE0.W.. ELDER SaUs.....:"'. ....
........ :............ April 8. 18, 2s. May 1
Jfqmbnrg American.
TSf^TSSSFTK express sebvioe.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURC3— HAMBURG.
T. ¦ Bismarck : . ; . May t IDeu t schland . . . May 1.1
Columbia „-..... May S1A. Victoria May 23
TAVIX-SCREAV PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHEnBOURO— HAMBURa 'i
Pennsylvania ..April 221 Moltke ........May (t
Pretoria ...... ; April 20 1 Patricia ...... . .May 13
Hamburg-American Line. 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOO & CO.,' General Agents Tor PaclHc
Coagt.,401 California st., San FrancHca ;
{¦' OCEAN THAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMEKS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COft-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received oa board on day of
sailing. - ~ - ' . . '¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU
...T Tuesday. April 15th. 190»
BS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1903
6S. AMERICA MARC....................
• Wednesday. June itb. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced" rates. Tot
freight and passage apply at company's office,
,21 Market "»«^ R % MB ,
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stepping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing froxn How*
ard 3. \iier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April 11 1 GUATEMALA. Apr. —
TUCAPEL. ...April 19|PALENA May —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen*
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
0ceaiHCS.$.CO, skwkws
! OIREOILINETOMHin.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
:.... Saturday. April 19. 2 p. ra.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thurs., May 1. 10 a. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti •
..^ .' Sunday. May 4. 10 a. ra.
I. D. SPHECKELS & BB0S,CO., GMtral WS.. 329 Mamt
Gen'l Pass. Offlcs, 643 nariet it, Pier kl 7. Padflc sl
DAM KM A D D STEAMSHIP
fANAMA K. Hi LINE
TO NEW YORK VIA" PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin $105: -Steerage. *40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails May
S. S. Leelanaw Sails May
From Howard-«treet Wharf. Pter 10 at 2 p. ra.
Fre'sbt and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
* p. f. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
CCMPA3S1B 6KICSRALS TBAHS1TLAMT1QT«.
LO*Us.cr IJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^j^
fcaiUns every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. >ri ! MtnT>giI
Klver. foot of. Morton street.
First class to Havre. 970 and upward. Second
class to Havre. |45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A cents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMEHICAW XjXZVJES.
KEWWRK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phllad'pha.Ap.16,10 amtSt. Louis.. Apl.30.10 an
St. Paul-.Apl. 23.10Km!phllad'pha.May7.10 am
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Pennland..Apl.l4. S pir [Kensington. Ap.23. noon
Vaderland..Ap.lS. noon|Zeeland...Apl. 30. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P.-TAYI.OR.Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y rt.
BAY AND BIVEB, STEAMEBa
FoTiTliAvTlARr^
Steamers GEN. FMSBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. ml, 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day. Sunday, 9:i& a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a.m., 12:30 noon, g p. m.. excep;
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare »c
. cents. Telephone Main 1008. Landing an-t '
office, pier 2. Ml»-' — -?»••»* dock. • HATCU
BROS.
;;___. - . ¦.. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of T le Woman's Catholic. Order of
Forresters, Chicago,
St. Frar.cis Xavier Court No, 174, Endorses Lydia E.
Pinkliani's Vegetable Compound.
Some women are tireless in their home work, others in their work in the
church or their favorite society or club ; they laugh and sing and are happy.
But think of the poor one who is left at home, utterly unable to make any
effort whatever, broken hearted and despondent. ,
The horror of female Complaints is upon her ; she is oppressed by that
distressing bearing-down feeling, backache, her nerves are all gone, don't care
to move and wants only to be left alone.
. O, dear sister, don't you know by thi3 time that JLydia E. Plnkham'S
Vegetable Compound will surely reach the cause of all this trouble and
make you well and strong ! It certainly will cure you as certainly as the sun
shines. Ecail what Mrs. Gleason says :
MRS. M. GLEASOX, Chica*^ I1L
"I want' every woman to knowthat L.ydia E. Pinfcam's Vegetable
Compound has been of untold value to a large number of women of
our order. I know positively that it has cured many of the most dis-
tressing diseases ! of the pelvic organs, falling of the womb, ovarian
troubles, end painful menstruation. There is no question in the world
but that it i3 superior to any medicine for wome'n. I have used it my-
self and know whereof I speak. — Yours truly, Mrs. M. Gleasox, 5t>4
West Taylor St., Chicago."
Two More Sufferers Cured.
"Deais Mrs. Pixkham: — I was ."Deak Mna. Ptxkham: — I suf-
sick with femtilo weakness. I took fered daily from backache and stom-
all kinds of medicines, you might ach ache. Menstruation was sup-
say, and wnr, operated on by doctors, pressed for six months, and then
but they did mo no (rood. After tak- appeared again, but very painful and
ing 1 five bottles of Liydia E. Pink- irregular. Instead of consulting & •
ham's Vegetable Compound I doctor I thought I would try Lydia
found rcliex and am now enjoying E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
f food health. Since taking your med- pound/" I now feel as well and
eino I have become the mother of a strong as ever I did, and since taking
little boy. I will praise your medi- it! hare gijen ' birth to a little boy,
cine as long as I live." — Mbs. Sarah .and we do bless your "medicine. I
K. Reeoeij, Amsden, Ohio. (Dec. 27, will advise all sick women to use it."
1900.) — Mas. Ida Petteeso:*, Box 93, Am-
asa, Mich. (March 1, 1901.)
Mountains of gold could not purchase such, testimony as we are constantly
publishing ; only the unquestionable merit of Mrs. Pinkham's great medicino
can accomplish so much. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass, if you are
ill. The efficiency of her advice is proven by thousands of letters from wo-
men who have been cured of female troubles by her guidance and medicine.
|fe)aft r% ff% REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000, I
V n 1 1 ' * 1 1 wbich fill P ald to an y person who can find that the above testimonial letters I
mh ill •'•Si " ro not genuino, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per- 1
t^UV 'J 41 mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mag*. 1
I II I ' VV - ; mu / 111 I
aaved
ona
If you expect to pay a
' couple ¦ of. hundred dollars
for, a\plano, wouldn't it be
a good idea, to consult with
a firm you have confidence
in? :
The record of Kohler &
. Chase ' In ' ; San Francisco
v needs no emphasis here. ¦"
You know we could not
afford to let a piano leave
. , our. house unless we knew
lt wouW give the wear and
; satisfaction -rightfully ex-
pected of it.
¦ For forty years we have
¦had your confidence, ' and
for. forty years more we
¦.. will keep It.
l '/ Last night we announced ~
• in the "Bulletin", a sale ot
the piano stock of Howell
, & ¦ Salyer of Stockton.
.,, These Instruments can be
; bought at a saving of 3'J
" per cent. , The sale 'is now
on, and, they will sell rap-
. idly, for they' are all high-
grade pianos and in per- .
'. feet 'condition and guaran- .¦
' teed • for seven years.'. •
¦ ."... Sale prices are from |143
. :,y*V. ¦ v ¦¦-= - : '. ¦-.'-.¦ ¦
¦':'.,. C It behooves you to lnves- j
;, tlgate, at least; it will take
: rbutia moment to see them, \
; v and ?• It may - save you one
¦ hundred dollars.. . " ' :
. ¦•, Open until 10 o'clock to-
KbhiertGhase
KNABE PIANOS
280Tartre!l St.
Second in List .cf Best
Selling Books.
The Romance of a Pirate's Daughter
D. APPLETON & COMPABY
Publishers,. New York."He seemed to want to hang?", queried
Attorney I Chapman.
"Yes, but he said he wduld have killed
himself with the other pistol If I had not
come along," answered Walsh.' -
" 'I didn't want to kill myself with the
pistol that I shot O Connor with*,' aald
Devine. to me," continued. Walsh.
' "He repeated that he wanted to hang—
, en the wholes he seemed 'anxious to
hang? agal:»;asked Chapman. : .
"Yes, he did,'" replied Walsh.'
Deputy Marshal T.; Brown of Emery
ville, who ' assisted in taking Devina -: to
the County Jail,. testified that Devine had
— told him about shooting O'Connor. - .
¦.'VWhat did you do?" I asked of-De
-¦ vine,' "said Brown.- ¦
: LONDON. April 11.— The Admiralty Court
to-day.: awarded ¦ the owners of - the British
steamer; William Cliff £11,000 for salvaging
the Cunard liner Etruria- • ¦¦
SANTA ROSA. April 11. — Articles of Incor
poration of t'.ie California' Incubator Company
vrerr filed h»»re to-day. The company -will man
ufacture, buy and sell Incubators, gas engines
Kar. launches, automobiles and acetylene cas
machines. • .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
MdBBBEEK:- DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 11— Stmr Mary D
Hume, for Bristol Bay.
TACOMA— Arrived AdH1 11— Stmr St Paul,
from San 'Francisco: strnr Washtenaw, from
San- "Francisco; stmr Lapwing, from New
"Westminster. " / . -
OCEAX STEAMER. ,
' ANTWERP— Arrived April IX— Stmr Frl«»>
land, from New York.
PHILADELPHIA, April ll.-^Steps were
taken to-day by the children of Colonel
John McKee, the colored millionaire real
estate dealer, to" prevent the registration
and execution of his s will, y McKee was
a life-long member of the Presbyterian
Church. . His will, made public to-day
devises the. bulk of, his $2,000,000 estate
to , charitable uses under the control of
Archbishop Ryan and the clergy, of the
Roman Catholic Church. His next of kin
are cut off ; with a mere pittance. .
Children Object to the Will.
REDDING, April lL-Andrew Edge, a
prosperous farmer of Pacheco district, six
miles /south of Redding, was' nearly killed
In a peculiar accident yesterday. While
he was driving two horses attached to a
cultivator the bit in- the mouth of one of
the bcrses gave way and the animals
became unmanageable. Edge had the
lines tied around his waist. He was
thrown down and dragged at a rapid Dace
through the vineyard he*had been culti
vating. His head and body" were severely
cut and bruised by colliding with vine
stumps and he was dazed. He made his
way to the house after the accident, but
was delirious and he is now confined to
his bed.
Dragged by Hunaway Team.
SACRAMENTO, April 11.— Robert W.
Woods, the young man who shot and
killed Van Curtis Dodge in a duel on the
Tolo bridge on March 17 " last, had his
preliminary examination before City Jus
tice Anderson to-day. Dodge had claimed
that Woods deceived his , daughter and
then«refused to marry her. The evidence
showed that Dodge had deliberately gone
to the bridge armed with two pistols to
meet Woods and kill him. Woods has
almost . entirely recovered from his
wounds. Dodge died a few hours after
he was shot. .- Justice Anderson dis
charged Woods.
Duellist Woods Goes Free.
• LONDON, April i 12— Cabling ¦ from Con-
Btaiitinople under date of , Thursday, April
10, the ; correspondent , of the ; . Times says
thaC after ; the meeting j of '. the ¦* Council,
held'. April 9,- the Porte '¦< sent '.telegraphic
orders to the of ;; Salonica and
Monastlr; directing, them to.; furnish all
Mohammedan residents with weapons for
' eelf-def ense ; against , Bulgarian bands.
Weapons for the Mohammedans.
HANFOBD,, April 1 11.— The | Supervisors
of . Kings County to-day granted . a ' right
of way. to the Pacific Coast Oil Company
for its . big oil pipe line, now in course -of
construction from. Bakersfleld : to Point
Richmond. : The company has thirty-five
miles of pipe laid from Bakersfleld north
The line strikes this. county on the east
sidelof \thedd Tulare Lake bed; thence
it runs to the north , side of < the lake
through', Dallas:. district, in this, county
and on ¦ north and west, crossing Kings
River two mtles south of the lower Kings
River bridge, v southwest ¦ of - Lemoore
Thence, It continues on, two' miles west
of Summit Lake, through other counties
to Point •: Richmond. , • .
Franchise for the ;• Pipe' Line.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 11.— Neighbors
of Fayette Morrell, who lives In the
suburbs of this city, reported to the offi
cers yesterday that a babe was burled
at the rear end of the Morrell lot. In
vestigation of the records showed that no
death in the Morrell family had been
officially reported. The Coroner caused
the body to.be exhumed and viewed by
a jury. The child was evidently but two
or three weeks old, but- whether death
occurred from natural causes or not ha3
not been determined. "Witnesses testified
that the child was the infant daughter
of Sarah Morrell, a 14-year-old step
daughter of Fayette Morrell.
Babe May Have Been Murdered.
WASHINGTON, April 1L— A cablegram
received at the State Department from
United States Consul Malmros, .at Colon,
dated last evening, states -that an attack
Is threatened upon Bocos del Toro and
suggests the presence of a warship, to
look after American interests. The Mari
etta has just been withdeawn from those
waters, but the Machlas is speeding from
San Domingo to Colorr'to take her place,
and she should arrive at the isthmus to
morrow morning. Bocos del Toro is about
a four hours' run from Colon, so that
unless detained by the necessity of tak
ing coal, the gunboat will be at- the
point of trouble before to-morrow even
ing. There is not much American money
invested at Bocos del Toro beyond some
fruit shipping and some ¦ wharves.
Warship Sent in Haste.
BAKERSFIELD, April 11.— The contest
for the honor of presiding as queen of
the Bakersfleld Merchants', Free Street
Carnival, which is to be held from May
3 to May 10 of this year, has become very
exciting. Almost twenty thousand votes
have", been -polled so far. The leading
candidate at present is Miss Tessie La
cey, with 4375 votes to her credit. Miss
Lacey is a beautiful young lady, who has
the financial support of what is technical
ly termed the laboring Interests. She is
a bookkeeper In one of the large stores,
and has gracious manners and a charm-
Ing personality.; Mr3.. Kate Reardon, with
4055 votes, is second and stands an excel
lent chance of winning the honors. She
is a teacher in one of the public schools,
a member of the: Woman's Club, and a
refined, dignified young lady. Mrs. J.
Benson Wrenn is third, with a vote of
3115. The final count will take place about
April 17. •
Name Executive Committee.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The Demo
cratic Congressional Campaign. Commit
tee, as a result of consultations with
leaders in different parts of the country,
has agreed on the ¦ following executive
committee, to be formally announced at
the next meeting unless some hitch oc
curs: Ben T. Cable, Illinois, chairman;
Lewi3 Nixon, New :York, chairman of the
finance committee; ' David Overmeyer,
Kansas; Thomas Taggart, Indiana; Rich
ard Olney. Massachusetts, and Daniel
Lamont. New York. :
Voting for a Carnival Queen.
CHATHAM, .'Mass., April 11.— The
steamer -Wllliamsport of the Philadelphia
and Reading Coal Company was sunk on
Pollock Rip- by collision with a barge in
tow of the tug Plymouth and now ; lies - a
total, wreck just out of the track of ves
selsgoing over the^ shoals. The Williams
port, was bound from v Philadelphia for
Portland with . coal , and with a barge > in
tow. The tug Plymouth was going to the
westward: with Central Railroad of , New
Jersey barges in ; tow. ¦ One of, the latter
collided with the Wllliamsport. making a
great hole. - through jvhich the water rap
idly poured lry : ..The : crew • took to the
boats and wen $ saved. . , . . ....
¦.-,• :<i ¦ 1 « * * . '¦¦:..
An ; Artist Needs Thousands '
Of • different t Ings • In his ¦. studio. Being
agents for Wi <sor~& Newton; we can sup
ply' every ; wai I.' Alao • pyrography outfits
and wooden r.'td; leather articles to -burn.
Sanborn, ; Vail & Co., 741 Market street ••
Barge Sinks a Steamer.
The town of Carupano, also in the State
of Bermudez, still remains in possession
of the Government. The Governor, Gen
eral Escalante, with 1145 men; is at Caru
pano and it is believed he intends attack
ing* the insurgent forces under. Rolando,
Penaloza and Ducharme. It is estimated
that these latter have 1350 men: in a
strongly Intrenched position at Los Altos,
one hour | distant from Carupario. : , It • is
also reported here from Caracas/ that the
Government is continuously recruiting for
the army and that boys of eighteen years
of age • and ; under are being forced into
military service. Several of the leading
residents of Valencia have been arrested.;
Battle Expected Within a Short Time
Between the Forces in /
' j Venezuela. '
. WILLEMBTAD, island of Curacao, April
11. — News' ''has reached here that Gov
ernment troops to the number of 1300,,
under the command of General. Velutini,
Minister ;<5f the .; Interior, left Piritu, a
small village on the. seashore • near Bar
celona,! capital I of the State of Bermudez,
to engage : the , revolutionists under- life;
command of General Monagas, who are
encamped j fifteen miles from Piritu. "A
-battle is expected between these forces
to-day. If it is won by the revolutionists
the victory will be a signal for a general
.uprising. - .
GOVERNMENT TROOPS
SEEK REVOLUTIONISTS
The rule to which the commission men
object provides for the locking of cattle
pens and allowing cattle to be taken but
only under written orders. An official of
the yard company stated to-day that the
same rules are in effect at Chicago, St.
Louis. Omaha and Sioux City and have
given entire satisfaction to the commis
elon men and the trade in general.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 11.— Because
of an objectionably yarding rule put into
effect here yesterday the Kansas City
Live Stock Exchange to-day, at a spe
cially called meeting, decided by an almost
unanimous vote to boycott the Kansas
City Stock Yards, and adopted resolutions
requesting shippers to send their cattle
and hogs to other markets until the dif
ferences are adjusted.
pers to Send Cattle to Other
?.-*-^I : .. Markets.
STOCKYARD RULES
ANNOY EXCHANGE MEN
Kansas City Merchants Request Ship-
continued I Walsh,' "as I took the pistol
from his hand and another pistol, box of
cartridges and three letters ; from his
overcoat pockets. . i '
• "'I'm willing to hang.- I'm iio Dur
rant,' Devine said."
Some distance from Allegheny City
Shaffer I suggested, 'they go .'into ' the
smoker and-- the men started,".' Sutton
ahead. He .failed to' catch hold of any
thing, while stepping out of.t'ic car door
and a sudden lurch of ." the train threw
him off. .The train was -stopped, but his
body scould not be found. Later in the
evening some I workmen found ' Button's
body In a small creek; where he had been
flung. , - His skull - was crushed.' : The body
was I taken to Sharpsburg,' a suburb. ' But
ton- was SS years of asre and has a sister
living at: Hay worth, 111. The Hamiltoiis
of Punxsutawney wired they would take
charge of the body.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April ll.-Thomas A.
Button, a prospector and engineer of Red
ding, Cal... while, here ¦ on .a . visit was
thrown . from - ! a. train and instantly killed
at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon. Sutton was
on his way to visit Dr. S. S. Hamilton, a
cousin,/ at Punxsutawney, Pa. / He was
joined by J;C. North and George Shaf
fer of Punxsutawney and boarded a
Plttsburg and Western- train. ' ' '
Visit to Pennsylvania
7 ? Relative. '
Thomas Button Xoses Life While on
ENGINEER . OF REDDING
KILLED BY EASTERN TRAIN
'¦'"'1 shot O'Connor,' was the reply. *
. "'Did you kill him?'. - /
" 'I don't know. I hope. I did.' " .!;..¦•¦-¦
Dr. J. B. "Wood gave evidence about the
autopsy. Other witnesses were Antone
Rein and William Atkins.
HAVANA, April 11.— An order granting
partial pardon to all those who are under
going life or shorter sentences has been
published. The pardons vary from one
quarter to one-half of the penalties im
posed. All persons who are awaiting final
decisions by the Court of Appeals must
withdraw their applications in order to
benefit by this order. This order also
clears up all doubt regarding pardon for
offenses committed during- the war.
An order was Issued March 24, 189D. by
General John R. Brooke, then military
governor of Cuba, promising pardon for
crimes committed by troops in the field
during the war. An explanation, of this
order contained In a circular issued by
Luban, Secretary of Justice. April 27, 1899.
caused some doubt as to just what mil
itary offenses were pardonable. The pres
ent order of pardons says that this step
is taken In order that an era of harmony
may be Introduced into the Cuban re
public. . _
Career With an Era of Har-
Purpose Is to Begin the Republics
Purpose Is to Begin the Republic's
PRISONERS IN CUBA
GIVEN PARTIAL PARDO2T
In bestowing the degrees on the Ameri
cans i the dean of the university referred
in the most cordial terms to . President
Schurman's reputation as a deep thinker
and spoke of his zeal and genius for or
ganization, by which a school of philos
ophy and been built up at Cornell such
as few universities possessed. The dean
also spoke of the foremost place among
psychologists won by . Professor James.
EDINBURGH, April 11.— At the gradu
ation ceremony at the" university here to
day the honorary degree of doctor of laws
was conferred ' on Professor William
James of Harvard and President Jacob
Gould Schurman of Cornell University..
SCOTTISH UNIVERSITY
HONORS TWO AMERICANS
MAN WHO KILLED AGED JOHN J. O'CONNOR AND SOME OF THE
WITNESSES WHO GAVE TESTIMONY AT THE PRELIMINARY EX
AMINATION HELD BEFORE JUSTICE OF. THE PEACE QUINN.
RAILROAD DIRECTORS
RE-ELECT HARRIMAN
JCETW YORK. April 11.— E. H. Harriman
was re-elected president of the Southern
Pacific Company by the board of directors
of the company at a meeting held here
to-day.
LOS ANGELES. April 11.— G. R. Joughirra
has been appointed mechanical superintended
of local Santa Fe lines, with headquarters In
Pan Bernardino, vice G. \V. Smith, genera!
master mechanic, resigned, whose former office
has been abolished.
SA_LT LAKE. Utah, April 11.— Benjamin
Howard, leading man in the Daniel Fraw
ley company, made an unsuccessful at
tempt at suicide in his , apartments lact
night by swallowing two ounces of lauda
num and slashing his left wrist with a
razor. Physicians were summoned in
time tc save -his life. Despondency over
ill health is believed to ha\'e caused the
act. Howard was with James NelU last
season.
pany Takes Laudanum in
Salt Lake.
Leading Man of the Frawley Com-
ACTOR BENJAMIN HOWARD
TRIES TO END HIS LIFE
"The constitution does not give to a
citizen the right to murder, nor does it
give to him the right to advise the com
mission of that crime by others. What
It does permit. is liberty of action only to
the extent that such liberty does not In
terfere with or deprive others of an equal
risht."
NEW YORK, April 1L— The appellate
division of the Supreme Court to-day af
firmed the conviction of Johann Most on
a charge of printing in his newspaper,
the Freheit. an improper article entitled
"Murder Versus Murder." The article
was published about the time of the as
sassination of President McKlnley. "Most
was sentenced to a year's imprisonment.
Regarding Most's contention that tho
constitution gave him a right to publish
the article the court says:
SUPREME COURT AFFIRMS
CONVICTION OF MOST
SAN RAFAEL, April 11.— F. W. Rey
nolds, chief accountant In the San Quen
tin jute mill, has notified the police of this
city and San Francisco that his two sons,
Louis and Carl, are missing. The father
cannot advance any reason why his boys
should leave their home. He : last saw
them on Wednesday morning -at his resi
dence on Bay View avenue in this city,
just before he left for his ofllce at San
Quentin. The same afternoon the prin
cipal of the school which the boys attend
ed notified Mrs. Reynolds that her sons
had not been at school that day. She
sent word to her husband at San Quen
tin. and he, learning that they had left
on the 3:30 o'clock train, telephoned ' to
the Chief of Police of San Francisco to
apprehend the lads there. . . .
Whether the Reynolds boys went to San
Francisco or not cannot be learned, but
no trace of either one has been found up
to the present time. They took their best
clothing and carried considerable money,
their savings of years. Reynolds went to
San Francisco to-day to institute search
for the .missing lads. One is 16 and the
other 14 years old.
for His Sons.
Quentin's Jute Mill Looking
Chief Accountant Reynolds of San
TWO SAN RAFAEL LADS
SUDDENLY DISAPPEAR
The director in question explained that
the bank wished to sell the railroad- In
America because of the sensitiveness of
the Government of the United States con
cerning all efforts on the part of the Ger
man Government to compel Venezuela to
respect the contracts. made with the bank
Consequently the bank 'preferred to see
the road in American hands, if it can re
tire without great loss.
BERLIN, April 11.— Referring to the
statements that the Disconto Bank is ne
gotiating with an American company for
the sale of the Great Venezuelan railway
between Caracas and Valencia, a director
of the bank to-day \ said that this news
was premature. He admitted that the
bank had so/inded certain American capl
talists'in the hope of selling the road, but
that the matter had not yet -reached the
stage of negotiations.. -;• • ¦* "~ •--",-- .
NEWS IS PREMATURE
ABOUT RAILROAD SALS
The President also request* me to request
you to forward a copy of this letter to Mr.
McSweeney with a request for his resignation,
end to appoint Joseph Murray in Mr. Mc-
Sweeney's place.
I am directed by the President to say that
after -listening carefully to all the charges and
counter-charges affecting Messrs. Powderly.
Fitcliie and McSweeney. and without express
ing any judgment upon these charges or as
euming their truth as to any or all of the
gentlemen concerned, he has decided that a
situation exlFts in which it Is for the good
of the service that a complete change should
be made and new men appointed In all three
oWSer*. In response to a request Tor hl« resfg
n&Cl'-a Mr. Powderly nas sent* It" "In; ' Mr;
Fitchie** term has .expired and Mr. William*
has been nominated to succeed him; Mr. Sar
gent will replace Mr. Powderly, although he
will not be able to take office for some weeks
to come.
WASHINGTON. April 11.— Secretary to
the President Cortelyou to-day sent the
following letter to Srcretary of the Treas
urv Shaw:
formed of Action Demanding
Three Resignations.
Secretary of Treasury Officially In-
PRESIDENT WRITES
ON POWDEELY APFAXB
SAUSALITO. April 11.— The municipal
election on Monday will end a bitter fight
between the "hill tribe" and the pool
room men. Both sides claim to be certain
of victory and much buttonholing has
been colng on. The Municipal Improve
ment party, upon whose ticket W. . G.
Morrow, the secretary of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, is running, asserts that
the poolroom forces have colonized at
least fifty men to vote for gambling,
while the water front sympathizers de
clare that the anti-poolroom men are re
sorting to any old means to procure votes
for their- candidates.
Sheriff Taylor and ten armed deputies
will be present at the polls, and together
with the police of Sausaiito it is believed
they will be able to preserve order.
There are two Trustees to be elected,
but one will decide the vital point at Is
sue—whether Sausaiito is to license pool
selling or not. The present Board of
Trustees is in favor of the poolroom men
by a majority of one. Jacques Thomas
Is (be chief candidate on the. -poolroom
ticket, while XV. G. Morrow . Is his most
formidable opponent.
Preserve Peace at the Polls
on Monday.
Sheriff Taylor and Ten Deputies Will
SAUSALITO'S MUNICIPAL
CAMPAIGN NEARING END
STOCKTON. April ll.-A wagon .ran
over a loaded cartridge and discharged It
on Butter street this morning in front of
Wright's bicycle store. The: bullet hit a
rancher on the leg just as. he was in the
act of dismounting from his farm wagon
Luckily ¦ he had on i heavy : boots • and the
missile glanced off. and flattened against
the curbing. The. street was crowded by
passers by. . Some one , had carelessly
dropped the shell in the middle of the
street 'and there, is no telling how long it
had, lain there. -,, :
Cartridge Explodes on Street.
Charles Ashmus, living over the saloon
attracted by the noise, rushed into; the
street in time to meet two of the high
waymen, who were leaving the place. One
of the men promptly shot at him. Tho
bullet "- Inflicted a scalp wound arid
knocked -Ashmus .senseless. The men
took $7 from him and departed. When the
police arrived all but 8 Bonsley, I who was
unconscious,' had fled. , Later Herman
Podehl.and Joseph Polaczynski, supposed
to have been the men who held up Ash
mus, were arrested.. Both, men -were cut
and bruised. '•.-¦.,/ . ¦:¦ /-.
The affair occurred in Michael Adono
wlcz's saloon on the South Side. The sa
loon-keeper was about to close his doors
when eight men carrying revolvers en
tered. Two of them covered Adonowlcz
with their revolvers, when another start
ed to open the cash register. Other mem
bers of the gang helped themselves to
whisky and cigars. Adonowlcz seized a
heavy bottle from the bar and assaulted
his captors with a vigor so -sudden that
both were stretched out in a trice. Then
the saloon-keeper snatched a revolver
.from a third robber and opened fire.
Michael Bensley, one of the intruders,
fell with bullets, in his hip and abdomen.
Bensley's companions returned the fire.
The bullets flew wild, but one of the rob
bers put Adonowlcz hors du combat with
a blow on 'the head.
CHICAGO. April 11.— In a desperate
battle, between a saloon-keeper and eight
drunken robbers at 3 a. m.v to-day, two
men were shot and two others badly
wounded, which later led to their arrest.
Othera were hurt, but escaped.
Injured in Attempt at
Robbery.
Two Men v Are Shot and Two Others
SALOON-KEEPER BATTLES _
WITH DRUNKEN MARAUDERS
Said He Was Willing to Hang.
"'Lets go take a drink.' He replied
•I never drink nor gamble.' '
"'What's the matter?' I then asked
" 'I've shot a man.' . .
"He told me he had shot O'Connor ••
"With his face streaked with black, the
pistol swinging in his hand, his glaring
eyes and white hair," said Walsh,, "he
looked -like a wild man. When I came up
to him he was frothing from the mouth."
The examination was formal. There
w.-.s no testimony offered by the defense.
The lawyers reserve their fight for the
trial which will come later.
There was some skirmishing between
Lr. J. E. Childs and Attorney Chapman
over the dying statement which the
physician had procured from O'Connor
The lawyer was insistent to discover
why the doctor had been so assiduous to
secure the statement, but the medical
man fully cleared himself from any
undue interest. He had realized the con
dition of O'Connor, and in the knowledge
that if a crime had been committed the
statement would be valuable, the doctor
prepared it. ., . ¦.
George Walsh repeated his testimony
as given before the Coroner touching the
circumstances of the shooting. The wit
ness was followed by Guard James P
Walsh.
"I saw Devine and the other witness
Walsh, talking opposite Glblin's saloon'"
testified the guard. "Devine had a pistol
in' his hand and an overcoat over his
arm. He looked like a wild man so I
went up to him, saying: ,. ', . .
. Devine Betrays "No-Coneertir"~;~
The prisoner sat "calmly and Impassive
during the hearing. His strong, clearly
cut features betrayed no concern. He
spoke seldom and only when questioned
by his attorneys. His appearance was
quite in contrast with that of the day he
did O'Connor to death, as described by
James F. Walsh, the racetrack guard
who arrested him.
OAKLAND, April 11.— Thomas Do
vine, the slayer of John J. O'Con
nor, at Shell Mound, on March
31, was to-day held for trial be
fore the Superior - Court on a
charge of murder, the preliminary exam
ination being held before Justice James
G. Quinn.
Devine was attended during the hear
ing by his attorneys, M. C Chapman, F.
C. Clift and W. H. Jordan of San Fran
cisco. None of the . accused murderer's
family was present. In an ante-chamber
of the courtroom sat Mrs. -O'Connor, the
widow, surrounded by several of her
children, all garbed in deepest black.
District Attorney John J. Allen con
ducted the prosecution and with him was
associated' Attorney \V. J. Donovan. '
Dr. John W. Robertson of Llvermore,
an alienist who has been called by the de
fense as an expert /on mental diseases,
was a close observer .. of Devine during
the proceedings. Another insanity expert,
Dr. A. JS1. Gardner, for many years
superintendent at the Napa State Hos
pital, and Dr. J. P. Dunn were also at-'
tentive visitors in court in the interests
of the prosecution. The- question of De
vine's sanity is the keynote of the case.
Arnold was a fine looking man of about
35 years. He had the appearance of a
well-to-do business man. He was 5 feet
8 Inches tall, weighed about 160 pounds
and was of light ¦ complexion, with blond
hair and mustache.
In the suicide's pocket was a letter ad
dressed to the Coroner. It asked that his
body be decently burled and not muti
lated. It said that the writer had de
posited $250 in the St. James Hotel to pay
funeral expenses.
SAN JOSE. April 11.— Arnold J. Harlan
of New York committed suicide in Oak
Hill Cemetery to-day by shooting himself
through the head. Nothing is known of
the man here, except his registry at a
local hotel. Arnold came to the St. James
Hotel on. Thursday and had a valise and
overcoat with him. He made arrange
ments to give himself a decent burial and
this morning went to the cemetery, whera
he sought the Druids' plat, which is in
an isolated part of the burial ground.
There the fatal shot was fired.
New York Man's
Suicide.
San Jose Graveyard the Scene of a
SEEKS THE SECLUSION
OF CEMETERY TO DIE
SA*N BERNARDINO, April 11.— While
nearly a dozen officers were standing idly
by, John Bruce, the Indian held for the
murder of a young Indian girl, walked
calmly out of the courtroom In Hesperia,
a small town' on the desert north of this
place, to which he had been taken for a
preliminary hearing. He escaped with
out a single hand being raised to stop
him. A large posse is now in pursuit.
Three or four days ago Bruce strangled
a young Indian girl, against whose fam
ily he fancied he had a grievance, mak
ing his escape to the desert mountains
before the officers were notified of tho
murder. He wa3 heavily armed and pre
pared to make a fight for hl3 life. Near
ly a score of officers were sent after him
and yesterday morning they succeeded in
capturing him. He was at once taken
to Hesperia and. his preliminary trial
held there this morning, the Justice of
the Peace holding him for trial without
bonds.
While the Constable went tow the rail
way station to make necessary arrange
ments for bringing, the prisoner to the
County Jail in this city, others of the
posse remained with the prisoner In the
courtroom, discussing the case. So ab
sorbed were they that they did not notice
the Indian walk quietly to the door,
mount a -horse there and gallop
off. • As he rode> out of town he was seen,
and the alarm given.
Away While a Dozen Officers
Are Discussing His Crime.
Coolly Mounts Horse and Bides
MTJUDEBEB WALKS OUT
OP COURT AND ESCAPES
As the matter now stands the railroad
has been granted a franchise only over
part of the right of way through the
town of Emeryville. In Oakland, the
road's application has been "hung up"
because of error in publishing the notice
of the application.
This 'situation seriously . complicates the
efforts which" have been made toward se
curing ah entrance through Berkeley and
Emeryville and into Oakland of a aew
transcontinental railroad. The condition
arises from the demand of the Berkeley
Trustees that the coneee town shall be
assured of a regular service by the new
road.- , : Wh n thl3 • matter was first
broached two phases were put on It. One
was- that the rallroa^ company should
give a bond of $50,000 to establish the de
pot and to stop trains at Berkeley, the
other was that the requirements should
be made a part of the franchise. The
matter was referred to a committee, com
posed of Trustees Thomas Rickard, E. Q.
Turner and W. H. Marston and Town At
1 orney B. A; . Hayne. That committee re
ported -to-night to the Board- of Trustees
in committee of the whole. The report
declared that while the committee fav
ored a clause in the, franchise, it was of
th 3 opinion that it was unwise to Insist
upon.it, and therefore recommended that
a bond be exacted . in lieu foe the per
formance of the Trustees' requirement.
Trustee Hoff led the opposition to the
-bond plan, insisting that the franchise
should cover the demand.* After much
debate, .President W. H. Marston put
the question whether it should be fran
chise or bond. The vote to Insert In the
franchise was unanimous, except for Trus
te- Ryder, who was excuseJ from voting.
At tfie last meeting of the board Captain
A. H. Payson, representing the Santa Fe
Railroad, objected to the franchise re
quirement, but declared -the . railroad
would willingly give a sufficient bond to
carry out the board'3 desires concerning
the depot. •
The officials of the Santa Fe Railroad have
informed me that unless they can . secure this
franchise clean and free from requirements
they will bide their time about putting through
the road. It is quite probable that they will
not accept the franchise. I will say nothing
further, at this time but that In all probabil
ity we will withdraw our application.
; BERKELEY, April lL-In all probabil
ity the Oakland and East Side railroad
will withdraw its application for a fran
chise . over the Calif ornia and Nevada
railroad's right of way, because the Town
Trustees to-night refused to grant the
franchise clear - of conditions. - Such was
the statement before the board by Attor
ney A. E. Bolton, representing the com
pany. It followed the vote of the Trus
tees to insert in the franchise a clause
requiring tho railroad to establish and
maintain a depot at Berkeley and to give
a direct passenge • and ¦ freight service.
The lawyer said: , ,-
Mr. Samuels asked if George E. da
Golla. representing the plaintiff, could bo
considered as an associate of the District
Attorney in the case, but Attorney Fitz
gerald replied that there was plenty of
time for that later.
Mr. Samuels Informed • Judge Melvln
and the attorneys that as the ca3e cams
as a surprise his office had had no time
to consider the questions involved and ha
wanted a continuance in order to confer
with his chief. To this Judge Melvln re
plied that he had decided to invite the
other four Judges to sit with him, as th j
case was one of great importance. After
a conference with the attorneys he then
fixed April 19 as the day for hearing tho
evidence.
The attorneys for both sides then trans
ferred themselves and books to Judge
Melvin's court, where Deputy District
Attorney Samuels was called in to repre
sent the District Attorney's office, having
been notified that the Dalton case had
been turned over to the criminal depart
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 1L
Five Judges of the Superior Court, sit
ting in bank, with the District Attorney
to prosecute, will try Henry P. Dalton
on the charge of malfeasance that has
been brought against him by James E.
Crane to oust him from the oOlce of
County Assessor. That much was decid
ed to-day after the smoke from the first
legal skirmish in the impending battld
had cleared away.
The case came up for trial in Judgo
Hall's court this morning. It had been
assigned to his department while he was
away last week, but after looking hur
riedly over the papers to-day he declared
that it was purely a case for the criminal
department to hear. He therefore trans
ferred the case to Judge Melvin's court,
where all criminal trials are held.
There is considerable excitement in the
British sugar trade to know whether th»
United States will regard the bestowal of
a lump sum on tfie West Indies as being
In the light of a subsidy and will retaliate
bj .imposing a countervailing, duty on
West Indian sugars. If such be the case
tt is pointed out, pecuniary relief by the
Imperial Government will accomplish
nothing:.
Nevertheless countless rumors regard
ing the budget provisions continue to cir
culate. A tax probably will be imposed
on flour, while it is possible that some
sort of tax will be placed on wheat. The
oil tijide anticipates a duty on petroleum,
but this is an intelligent surmise,
as the budget proposals are guarded with
zealous secrecy in order to avoid the Ios3
of revenue which' occurred owing to busi
ness interests taking advantage of the
premature leakage of the ' last budget's
proposals. ¦ . ¦
After much consultation the Cabinet ap
pears to favor giving the West Indies a
lump sum to be divided among the plan
tations in order to tide . over the period
between now and -when the Brussels con
ference* agreement comes into force. The
Colonial Secretary advocated a prefer
ential treatment of West Indian sugar
but the Chancellor of the Exchequer ap
pears to have carried the Cabinet in his
opposition to such a step. .
It is openly said that the indisposition
of the Chancellor is more diplomatic than
organic. Those who waited on Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain yesterday to dis
cuss the position of the trade of the -West
Indies went away with a strong impres •
sion that the Government, even at this
late date, had not definitely decided how
to raise the sum represented by the enor
mous deficit.
LONDON, April 11.— In spite of to-day's
announcement that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, is
progressing bo well that it is certain he
will be able to introduce the budget on
Monday next, there are many who believe
that another postponement Is likely to
occur.
Monday night. Miller said, he arranged
with MiiS Jennett to meet her at the cor
rer of Warren avenue and Fourteenth
street about 11 o'clock Wednesday night,
'iney were. to discuss what was best to
be <ione to avoid disgrace. He said he
lixed the hour at 11 because he had to
attend a meeting of the Wolverine Circle,
while she said she was going to a com
mittee meeting at Garland Rebekah
Lodge.
"\\ hen did you make up your mind to
kill the girl?" Miller was asked.
"Last Wednesday afternoon." he an
swered. - ' "I was ' thinking of what could
be done and of my being married and
with a family when my eye fell on a
hatchet up at the house. It seemed to tell
the way out of the trouble and the idea
of killing the girl swept over me with
irresistible force then. I felt that I had
to do something. I felt that I had to get
rid of her. She was infatuated with me
end continually chasing me. If I gave a
concert anywhere she was sure to be ia
the neighborhood."
Wednesday night when he started from
home for the lodge meeting he had an
engagement with ihe girl and intended
to KM her. He took witn him the hatchet
that was found by the 'officers yesterday
in his kitchen. He secreted this on Sev
cntii on his way to ¦¦ the meeting.
When he left the lodgerooms he secured
ine natcnet again ana proceeded to the
corner or Fouiteentn stteet and Warren
avenue, where lie met Miss Jennett. They
valkeo. over to 'ihirteentn street and out
to wnere the Killing was done.
Miller says they sat down on the side
walk ana talked ior a while, the girl urg
ing him to aoandou nis family and leave
me city witn ner. He tnen whipped out
ine hatchet and struck her on-tne head.
Wiien asked why he mutilated her so.
Miller Kaid he had no recollection of any
ihing arter the tirst blow until he found
himself wiping the blood on: his hatchet
un tne grass in the vacant lot.
Miller said that he had had Illicit rela
tions with the girl and was responsible
lor ner condition. He said he. offered to
tend Miss Jennett to a hospital, but she
icfused to go, insisting that he leave his
Jamily and go to some other city with
her. This he would not do. ••*. i: \
DETROIT, April IL— Professor Joseph
Miller to-day confessed to committing the
murder of Carrie M. Jennett. After being
in the sweat box one hour and twenty
minutes filler broke down and explained
all about the crime. Assistant Prosecutor
Alerriam, three officers and the official
stenographer of the police department
were present.
Government Said to Be
Doubtful About Raising
Revenue.
Says He Wronged the Girl
and Had to Get Rid
of Her.
Burden of the Prosecution
Falls Upon District
Attorney.
Objects to Being Forced to
Maintain a Depot at
Berkeley.
Does Not Want Fran
chise Wit h Any Con
ditions Attached.
Crake's Charges Against
Assessor Defined as
Criminal.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach
Delays Its Publi
cation.
Detroit Professor Con
fesses Murder of Miss
Jennett.
JUDGES IN BANK
TO TRY DALTON
RAILROAD MAY
ABANDON FIELD
BUDGET VEXES
THE CHANCELLOR
FEAR THE CAUSE
FOR HIS CRIME
tice Quinn and Does Not Appear to Be Concerned Over Out
come of the Case— Defense Will Rely ; on Plea of Insanity
Prisoner Remains- Calm During the, Preliminary Hearing Before Jus-
THOMAS DEVINE MUST FACE A JURY
AND ANSWER FOR KILLING O'CONNOR
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUB DAY,; APRIL .-12,. 1902.
POSTUME CEBEAL.
"ON THE SLY."
Patients Drink Contrary to Doctors*
Orders.
Bad food habits hurt the habitue
and sometimes affect others. A mother
was in such a miserable condition from'
coffee drinking that when her baby was
born — but let her tell her own tale:
"I steadily grew worse. When baby
was born It was a skeleton of mere bones,
and eo weak and puny that Its little life
soon flickered out. I had been suffering
for several years with stomach trouble
and ner\'ous diseases, the doctor said
'brought on by coffee.'
"At times I would swell up until I could
hardly breathe, but I poohed when the
doctor told me coffee was the cause of it
all. Why, I had used coffee for years
without seeing that it did me any harm,
eo the eilly Idea of a fogy doctor was not
going to make me give up my favorite
beverage and I kept on using It on the
•ly unknown to him, while he gave mo
•very sort, of tonic and pills to attempt
to cure me and get my nerves In a
healthy condition.
"After baby's death I was sick in bed
and the doctor insisted on keeping coffee
away from me. He put me on Postum
Food Coffee and <Jrape-Nuts. I shall
never forget how I relished the first cup
of fragrant, black Postum and how good
the Grape-Nuts with cream tasted, and,
us It by magic, I began to sleep all night
for the first time In months.
"Slowly I began to gain in strength and
flesh, and my mind began to clear up
My istcmach gave me no pain, and the
doctor was greatly surprised at the
change caused by the food and drink and
pleasantly named them the "magic nerve
restorers.' for he Bays they built up my
nerves and strength as nothing else on
earth could.
,"It seems to me I am twice as large us
I used to be, but it is good, healthy tte-
eue. I have been made a well woman oy
Hostum Food Coffee and: Grape-Nuts."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle Creek
tllch.Students Observe Arbor Day.
, SAN JOSE, April • 11.— The students: of
the University of the j Pacific to-day ce'le*
brated Arbor day, /. which is , an aiihual
event at the institution. > All of- the male
students,- about one . hundred -in number,
gathered .on ; the campus at 8f o'clock,
dressed in working ! clothes .and* armed
with hoes and shovels. Many -of- them
were grotesquely -clad:' • The grass. 'Was
cut and flower, beds dug and a great many
plants and" bulbs planted. " Members.' of
the 'faculty were' not immune and 'aided
in . the work. Dr. Eli McClish, the presi
dent of the school, was , director : general
of. the forces," which were: divided'- Into
squads. -At 12:30 o'clock work' ceased j and
the tired students sat down toa'luncheon
prepared by the v co-eds. The ' afternoon
was given up to a musical and literary
programme.' ' >¦¦..-¦'
See the fine electric apparatus on Over
land' Limited' exhibition train .at Oakland
Pier this evening. | Invitations can be!se
cured at the Southern Pacific Information
Bureau, 613 Market street, i •» ~ ¦¦;•
Corone'r Investigates Death.
Complaint was made to the Coroner's
office yesterday by Albert Pohlmeier 'that
undue haste had been made in burying the
body of his mother, who died on April 8.
and he said he strongly suspected that
her death had not been due to natural
causes. Deputy Coroner McCormick made
an investigation and ascertained that the
woman, who was 63 years old. had died of
cerebral apoplexy at the home of J. K.
Scike, qn the San Bruno road. The son
and a daughter of the woman had re
fused to aid in the expenses of the funeral
and Seike had asked that the body be In
terred the day following the death, so
that" he might not lose further time from
his work. The old woman has been de
serted by her children for the last eight
years and was taken care of by Seike and
his wife, in return for which she deeded
them her residence on the San Bruno
road.
TACOMA, April 11.— The Japanese VGoy^
ernment was advised, last month by ..'its
Consul at Vladivostok that there will >be
an important extension of Russian steam
ship services 'connecting the trans- Asian
Railway with ports, in China and Japan.
During the past year two lines have-been
in; operation, one from Vladivostok -*\ to
Shanghai via Chefoo and Port . Artfiur,
and another' from .Vladivostok: to 'Sort
Arthur.. Five lines. to be put on this, year
with exclusively. Russian steamshlps.are
as .'follows: From Port Arthur to Vladi
vostok via Nagasaki; Shanghai to Vladi
vostok via. Nagasaki; Shanghai to-Vladi
vostok via Port Arthur; Nagasaki toiF/u
san and Yuensanj Dalny to Chefoo v via
Port Arthur. ;¦.-., ¦.-..- , .'•
Five New Steamship Lines.'
That they take ; themselves , can i always
find the latest Premo, Poco and Eastman
Cameras, albums and books on photog
raphy and camera supplies of every) sort
at fairest prices when they call on-San
born, Vail & Co., 741. Market street, v*;.
People Proud -of. Pictures
It is hinted that the court openly ex
pressed its satisfaction in the former de
cision that the Fair children would not
lose their father's property, and that the
same considerations may have affected
the settlement of the dispute in regard
to the personalty. The petition urges
that the matter should be decided on
points of law only. •
Garret W. McEnerney. in behalf of the
executors of the Fair will, filed a second
petition for a rehearing in the matter of
the disposal of the personal property, at
the Supreme Court yesterday. The new
petition is written in a very respectful
tone, but like the one fil^d a few days
ago is somewhat sarcastic.
It is argued that the trust clause as to
the personalty should hold, even though
so far as the realty is concerned it Is in
valid. Attorney McEnerney at one point
in his argument says: "If this last de
cision of the court be allowed to stand,
we submit, with all due respect, that it
will stand as a monument alone in the
world." a -». <
tition for Kehearing in the Fair
"Will Case.
fiTJPBEME COURT AGAIN
ASKED TO BECONSIDEE
Garret McEnerney Files Another Fe-
Rev. M. V..- Donaldson, the Methodist
minister, who was forced to leave the
town of Vacaville on account of alleged
escapades with female members of his
flock, is in San Francisco, but is keep-
Ing his movements secret. He 1 is- living
with his wife in furnished rooms at 567
Geary street, but has been asked by his
landlady to find other quarters as soon
as possible. Mrs. Donaldson, < who \ is a
saleslady, has accepted her husband's ex
planation that he is guiltless of wrong-'
doing and declared last ., night that he
was the victim of malice. Donaldson de
clined to be seen when a request was
made for a statement that- he clear the
reputation of' the* women whose names
had been mentioned in connection with
the Vacaville scandal. , . \
The Donaldsons ; were married- fourteen
years ago and have a daughter twelve
years old. It was said last night that
Mrs. Donaldson's relatives had asked her
to leave her husband and tney would pro
vide for her future, * bu/t 'that she de
. clined the offer. . N^
Disgraced Vacaville Pastor Comes to
' San Francisco. .
WIFE CLINGS TO "DONALDSON.
Just before leaving, Donaldson was
forced to sign a note for the payment of
a board bill to the amount of $96, and
another of $50 for money borrowed of one
of the y6ung men of .his flock.
At a 'meeting to be held to-morrow
evening by the church elders, the ques
tion of expelling the young, women whom
Donaldson, disgraced will come up for
discussion, vand the selection of a new
pastor will be decided upon.
While some of his church members
were threatening him on Tuesday and
Wednesday, Donaldson threatened several
young women who were present with ex
posure of their alleged questionable con
duct unless they remained silent. Of one
young woman he told of having some of
her wearing apparel in his room, and
after his departure the articles were
found there. ' i--v*v.
That Donaldson's field of. operations
was not limited to Vacaville is proved
by the fact that a few months ago . he
was ordered from a hotel in Dixon, in
company with a woman, and that he rare
ly missed a week during his residence
here without one or two trips out of
town, which he made either under cover
of darkness or through rural districts -in
the daytime to the station at Elmlra.
Donaldson was a good customer of the
telephone and telegraph companies, and
many messages were sent to women of
San Francisco that answer not to the
name of Mrs. Donaldson.
VACAVILLE, April 11.— A long streamer
of crape, with rosette of white . muslin,
adorns the- door-knob of the- Methodist
Episcopal church of Vacaville, and the
escapade of its late pastor, M. V. Donald
son, was the oqe topic, of i conversation
t6-day. The record of the preacher's con
duct while residing in Vaca Valley is be
ing added to as the hours pass. ¦
Late yesterday afternoon Donaldson
suddenly departed from Vacaville. To
several he said that he was going to the
home of Mrs. Simmons of Dixon, while
to others he said San Francisco and the
arms of a forgiving wife was the haven
he sought.' Wherever he may eventually
land, he ' will long be remembered by
Vacaville residents, and particularly by
numerous creditors, among whom - there
Is a saloon-keeper Or two and the ' drug
gists who supplied him with numerous
quarts of whisky— "for a cold," he said.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The main excursion into the sea of blos«
soms started from the broad-gauge i sta-
tion at 11 o'clock. ' This was ' 'under* \ ''tnS
direct supervision of the Improvement
Club. Several hundred visitors ..were
taken on the drive. A goodly number.' bi
omnibuses and automobiles were in ;: llnel
The route taken was through . the V pret
tiest part of the orchard district' to 'the
southwest of the city. Other parties. made
trips to Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Los
Gatos, Alum Rock Park and other, points
of Interest hereabouts. - • :.'.¦
This evening there was an excursion 'to
Alum Rock Park. The resort was pret
tily illuminated with electric lights,; and
the Fifth Regiment, band gave a concert.'
To-morrow thure will be an excursion to
Mount Hamilton. .. , • .¦•¦ ; ..-'¦¦:¦¦¦ •.-
SAN JOSE, April 11.— Visitors' to .'the;
blossom festival to-day were given a!de
lightful outing among the orchards. This
was San Jose day, and the Improvement
Club and the people/of the city were; the
hosts. There were more visitors from
outside the county- than on any previous;
day. Excursion parties in 1 carriages arid
automobiles went from the city to; all
parts of the county. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vacaville Flock Mourns
the Downfall of Its
Pastor.
Treats Floral ; Fete Vis
itors to Automobile
Excursion. /
GAVI1T ANT> TCTRg HELD
BEFOEE THE GEA2TD JURY
CRAPE IS HUNG
ON CHURCH DOOR
SAN JOSE ACTS
AS DAY'S HOST
A man named John Strand was arrested
last Thursday night by Policeman Freel
for drunkenness and disturbing the peace
and was suspected to be a member of the
smugglers' gang because of statements
made by him in his maudlin condition.,
Strand was taken to .the office of the
United States Attorney yesterdav and
closely questioned by First Assistant
United States Attorney Banning. It de
veloped that Strand had been acquainted
with Gavin for several years and knew
that Gavin was not working recently and
always seemed to have plenty of monev.
He suspected that Gavin must be en
gaged in smuggling opium, but Strand
did not know anything about him except
through common report.
As there was no evidence connecting
Strand with the gang Mr. Banning or
dered his release.
John Gavin and Joseph Kirk, opium
smugglers, were brought before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday for preliminary examination and
were held to answer before the Grand
Jury, with bonds fixed at $4000 each. Each
endeavored to account for his where
abouts immediately before his arrest, but
they became badly tangled in their
stories.
of Being a Smuggler, Is
Released.
John Strand, Arrested on. Suspicion
Oregon Democrats Com
plete Their Ticket
and Adjourn.
PORTLAND, Or., April ll.-The Demo
cratic State convention completed its. la
bors ' this Afternoon and. adjourned. ' In
accordance with a law- passed at the last
Legislature, - permitting the 'various par
ties to place the names of candidates for
United States Senator on the official bai
lot,.,the convention named C. E. S. Wood
of Portland for that position. Wood was
formerly first lieutenant in the Twenty
first United States Infantry, but resigned
about fifteen years ago and commenced
the practice of law in this city.
A feature of the afternoon session was
the appeal of Samuel White, chairman of
the State Central Committee, for funds
with whlch' ; to conduct the campaign. Con
tributions to the amount , of $2600 were
pledged. The ticket as completed follows:
Governor— George E. Chamberlain, Mult
nomah County.
Supreme Judge— B. Fr Bonham, Marion.
Secretary of State— D. W. Sears, Polk.
Treasurer — Henry Blackmail, : Morrow. -
Attorney General— J. H. Raley. Umatllla.
State Printer — J. E. Godfrey. Marlon.
Superintendent of Public Instruction — W. A.
"W'ann. . Lane. . . > .... -
United States Senator— C. E. S. v Wood, Mult
nomah.'.. ¦ •. - . ¦ _ .
Congressman, First District— J. K. Weather
ford, Linn. ... . . . .
Congressman,' Second District — W. F.
Butcher, i Baker County. ¦
A resolution was . passed' favoring an
appropriation. by the State and national
Governments for the Lewis and Clarke
Exposition, to beheld In this city in 1305.
Pardon for Boy Murderer.
VANCOUVER, B.»C., April 11.— Arthur
Prentice, a young English lad, who five
years, ago was sentenced to be hanged
for the • murder of a ' farmer, has been
pardoned. \ Prentice had a quarrel .with
a neighboring: farmer's son over a rabbit,
which Prentice said v belonged to him.
The farmer took - up : the dispute with
Prentice and the lad shot him. The death
sentence was changed to imprisonment
for lire, and now a pardon has been grant
ed Prentice. There were extenuating cir
cumstances. _ .. ."...- . • i ,
Rich Strike in Lightner Mine.
STOCKTON, April 11.— News . reached
Stockton to-day that a rich strike has
been made in the Lightner mine at An
gels. / A ledge was encountered • a A few
days -ago which is enormously, rich, the
ore assaying from $25,000 to $30,000 a ton.
The ledge is • sixteen feet wide - in one
place and three feet in another. Its ex
tent is r.ot-known. .
WHILE flames raged and crack
led from the basement to the
roof of Notre Dame Academy.
on Chestnut street and San
Antonio avenue, Alameda,
early yesterday morning tne tweive nuns
connected with the convent aroused twen
ty-flve little girls sleeping in a dormitory
on the third floor and led or carried all
of the children down winding stairways
to places of safety outside of the burning
building.- Not one of the sisters faltered
in the dangerous task of rcsculng.the tots
from peril. To the coolnes^and heroic
actions of the brave women is due the
fact that all escaped the flames. . • ..
Many of the children wore only their
night robes. Others were partially dressed
thoroughly subdue the flames. John F.
Hanson of Thompson Hose Company and
Andrew Nissen of Chemical Engine No. 1
were overcome by escaping gas and smoke
while working on the second floor. They
were dragged to places of safety by com
rades. : ¦ •• ¦ • .. • .
Fall Through Ceiling.
George T. Morris of Thompson Hose
Company and Charles Beuck of Citizen
Truck Company fell through burned cell
ings, but . escaped . with minor injuries.
Lack of water pressure in the mains hand
icapped the fire department considerably
and Chief Krauth found it necessary at
one time to depend mostly upon the chem
ical engines.
From the main entrance to the top of
the building and toward the center the
flames played the greatest havoc. This
portion of the convent will have to be re
built practically. . The damage done will
reach $5000, covered by insurance. The
work of repairing the academy will be
undertaken at once.' In the meantime the
Sisters' of Notre Dame will occupy La
fayette Hall.- The lower part will^be
utilized as living quarters and the upper
portion for classrooms.
It is. believed that the fire originated
from a defective gas pipe, near the meter
under the front stairway. It is thought
that an inspector who 'examined the meter
and connection a few days ago lighted a
match to test the pipe and ignited a small
leak which he did not then discern. This
flame, it is. supposed,, continued ¦; to burn
and yesterday,- morning "set the-, building
on fire. . •,..*¦€ ..-/",i -. ¦'.¦:.¦ ¦
NOMINATE WOOD
FOR THE SENATE
Although Chief Krauth and his firemen
quickly arrived- at the scene of the -fire
there was no life-saving for them -to do.
The sisters had . completed . this heroic
task. They were also instrumental - In
preventing the destruction of quantities
of clothes belonging to the children • and
themselves, bedding, furniture and hbuse
hold goods, which they carried beyond, the
reach of fire arid water. . . : ;; '- '/ >
It required three hours of hard labor,
on the part of the fire department^ to
It was at 5:30 o'clock, when the sisters
were leaving 1 , the chapel on the 'second
floor after devotions, that: fire', was-; seen
darting from beneath the stairway, to "the
main entrance of the academy arid' from
the front porch to .the cross on the" top
of the building. Several • paper carriers
observed the flames at the same time and
turned in an alarm. Without waiting for
assistance and before the fire department
arrived Sister Superior Mary St. George
organized the nuns Into a rescue brigade
and rushed upstairs to the sleeping .quar
ters of the children. , ••",".:»•''
Nuns Rescue Children.
and some wer£ wrapped in blankets.
Within a few moments after the last child
had been carried from her cot in the : dor
mitory the apartment was ablaze'. 'and
filled with suffocating smoke." Mrs. " : Sarah
Jehu, whose residence is opposite the 'con-,
vent, received and sheltered the children
until they were properly dressed arid ar
rangements made • for their , care 1 else
where. .¦- '..'¦- ' - .' ¦:' ¦
NOTRE DAME ACADEMY, ALawIEDA, AS IT APPEARED AFTER FIRE.
WHICH BROKE .OUT YESTERDAY MORNING, HAD BEEN EXTIN-^
GUISHED. NUNS HEROICALL.Y;R'eSCUE SEVERAL, CHILDREN.
SEATTLE, April 1L — Detectives Wren
and Taylor of the San Francisco Police
Department arrived in this city this af
ternoon and left again for San Francisco
with LouIa Kauffmann, one of the alleged
murderers of Policeman Robinson. The
prisoner has been very ugly and trouble
some.
Kauffmann arrived from the East to
day and was taken to Seattle this after
noon. Throughout the long trip he was
guarded day and night. One of the de
tectives always sat with a revolver in
easy reach and the murderer had not
the slightest chance of escape.
It was while departing from Fort Wil
liams last Monday that the first trouble
occurred. The victim of Kauffmann's
gang in Ban Francisco had been known
to one or two residents there, and they
took up his case very feelingly. Several
times residents of the town suggested to
Wren that if he gave them a chance they
¦would put Itauffmann where he couid
commit no more murders, and oh the
night of their departure a crowd assem
bled between the jail and the station.
The plan was to relieve the San Fran
cisco detectives of their charge and to
string Kauffmann to the nearest post.
An hour before the train left the two
detectives quietly drove Kauffmann away
to the border of the town and made ar
rangements with the station agent to
have the train stop there. This scheme
was carried out to the letter, and when
the train drew away from the railroad
station the crowd knew it had been foiled.
When the travelers were a day out
from Winnipeg a similar attempt was
made by two cattlemen. One of them
called Wren out of the car on some pre
text and the other calmly proceeded to
"run a bluff"- to compel Detective Tay
lor to give up his prisoner. The cattlemen,
had no particular interest in the case,
except that they knew Kauffmann was a
murderer and they were not averse to
seeing the quick justice of the prairies
dealt out to him. The detectives succeed
ed In dissuading them from any attempt
to interfere with the process of the law.
VANCOUVER. B. C, April 11.—Kauff
jnann. th« murderer of Policeman Robin
son in San Francisco, has had two ex
ceedingly narrow escapes from having his
miserable life cut off at short notice since
his arrest in Fort Williams several weeks
ago. The attempts on his life occurred
during the last ten days, and, but for the
¦watchfulness of two San Francisco de
tectives. Wren and Taylor, he certainly
¦would have been given short shrift on
at least one of the occasions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Drlte With. Theix Charge to the Out
ekirts of Fort Williams, Where
a Train Stops for
Them.
Detectives Wren and Taylor
Save Prisoner's Life by
y &£ Strategy. .
Attempts to Lynch the
Slayer of Policeman
Robinson.
BORDER MOB
WOULD HANG
KAUFFMANN
Fire Breaks Out in Notre Dame Academy^ajid Heroic Sisters Hurry
to Aid of Little Ones Asleep in Their^CDbts and Carry Them to
Safety, Not One > Faltering Jn_thgJ^
NUNS BRAVE FLAMES AND RESCUE
CHILDREN FROM BURNING CONVENT
GAINS A MINE
FOR TWO CENTS
Southern ' Woman . a
| . Thunder Mountain
"Claim Owner. V
Mailed Request Results in
vv Acquisition of Valu- f
' :: - able Land; . /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'.-.. BOISE.lIdaho, April 11,— Mrs. Neliie
Leonard. Who lives at AiBheville, N.:C,
has! one of the : most promising claims lii
Thunder Mountain. It is . worth as It
stands to-day at least $3000 and only coat
her. a : 2-cerit postage stamp. . I • .]
*: The story is told by Thomas D. Babbitt,
superintendent of the Dewey mines. 'Ho
says, that, one day a letter was received
at; the camp from Mrs. Leonard. -'It-was
simply addressed to "Some Miner," Thun
fler.Mountain, Idaho. As. there had then
been, no poatofflce established there it was
a .'marvel the letter ever reached its de8
tlnatlon. It came to Boise and was for
warded to Superintendent Babbitt. -;.:.•;
>.The communication was the subject of
a good many jests. Finally some of the
tniners went out and located a claim and
paid; the assessment work. They opened
up;Va'-:,'go.od vein: Being in proximity
to^the Dewey ; group 1 it Is considered as
good; a prospect as there is in the camp.
Po'orer claims have been sold for $2000
to $5000 each. Mrs. Leonard, in her letter,
said: ¦ - . . , . . ii :- ¦
¦"Coiild you locate me a little claim In
Thunder Alountain. We have heard so
much about that section here that I would
like: to own a claim there. 1 don't know
much about claims, but I am willing. to
trust anyt'miner and I will pay to have
a claim staked off for me." . • . •;
' The u claim was named the "Some
Miner." Mrs. Leonard has been advised
of. her acquisition, and the miners sent
word that 'she did not owe them a cent
for i their .work. They also urged • her to
come out and take charge of. the property.
BRIEb' CITY NEWS
¦DRINK CAUSED HIS DEATH.— Arthur L.
Henderson of 2907 Baker street died yesterday
in the Central Emergency Hospital of delirium
tremens. ;•¦ . -. ..-. . : '
- RUMMAGE SALE. — A rummage sale for the
benefit of the San Francisco Nursery for Home
less; Children will be held to-day at 1530 Pow
ell street, corner of Green.
JJJMPS FROM CAR. BREAKS HIS LEG.-?-
Eugene Volkel, a barber. Jumped off a.^'Mov
ing-, car < at -Webster and Sacramento streets
yesterday 'and fell, - breaking his right leg be
tween the knee and ankle. .
CHARGED WITH MAYHEM.— G. ShIOta, a
Japanese waiter in a restaurant at Second and
Mission streets, was charged at the . City
Prison yesterday with the crime of mayhem,
the i complaining witness being a Japanese
named Louis Bibescu. • ' .¦ . . '.•.,¦- .
,,NEW TRIAL IS DENIED RADER.—Fred
erick •' Rader/ who was convicted of the mur
der of Fred Whitman at Coulterville, and sen
tenced to spend twenty-five years at San
Quehttn, was denied a new trial by the Su
preme Court yesterday. < .
.. HALLOWAY DIES FROM HIS .INJURIES.
—Robert H. , Halloway, who was suppos«d • for
a time to have been lost on board the .Walla
Walla, last January, died at the City and
Co'Unty Hospital yesterday forenoon from the
effects of injuries inflicted on himself with a
razor on the 3d of the present month. .
.CHARGED -WITH . EMBEZZLEMENT.—
l«"rank Green, formerly treasurer of the San
Francisco Longshoremen's Protective Associa
tion,' was arraigned on a charge of embezzle
ment by Judge Graham yesterday. He is ac
cused'of fraudulently -converting to his own
use $100 of the funds of the - association. - .
• : UNFORTUNATE CHILD IS GIVEN HOME.
—Willie Fonsecca, a 10-year-old boy, who Is
a, : . deaf' mute, and who was wandering home
less about the streets,, was consigned to .the
care ot Father Crowley of the Youths' Direc
tory . yesterday by j Secretary White of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren. ¦ = . ¦ ¦ ,
"MECHANICS' INSTITUTE LECTURE.—
The next lecture in the series now being held
at , the Mechanics' Institute will be delivered
to-night by Marsden Manson of the Board oC
Public Works. The subject of the lecture is
"A: Brief History of Road ¦ Conditions and
Legislation in California." The lecture will be
illustrated by stereopticon views.
MINING' • COMPANY INCORPORATES.—
The \ Bedrock Gold and Silver Mining Com
pany .was incorporated yesterday for $250,000.
The. directors, with the amount of stock they
subscribed for, are: Peter Koppen. $03,000;
Henry Kleen. $63,000; H. S. Field, $5000;
George Berg. $5000, and Louis Hammersmith,
$10. The other subscribers are: George Kop
pen. $25,000; S. A. West, $25,000. and W.
Palm tag, $5C0O.
, BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL SUIT.— P.
H. McCarthy, O. A. Tvietmoe, E. J. Brandon,
Harry launders and John J. Swanson filed af
fidavits yecterday in the suit of W. H. Colo
against the Building Trades Council. The af
liants aver -that : neither they nor the mem
bers of the council have ever displayed any
ill-feeling or conspired ¦ against Oarpenteis'
Union. No. 48.1. as claimed by Cole and others
The -case came up before Judge Seawell and
was, continued until Tuesday next. ' -
- FLORALr SOCIETY ELECTS OFFICERS —
The regular yearly election of officers of the
California State Floral Society took plac<S yes
terday at 223 Sutler streets The result of the
election -.was as follows: Professor Emory E.
Sm th. . president; Mrs. L.' O. Hodsklns first
vice president; Mrs. Austin Sperry. lecond v"e
president; recording secretary, Mrs Henry P
Tricon; corresponding secretary, Mrs W 11
Weister; treasurer, Mrs. M. Grothw^ll-' o^'
John Hinkle; Mrs. J. R. Martin Mrs. W «
Chandler and Mrs. John Knell.
LABOR TROUBLE SETTLED.— The tan
ners and leather: workers won a partial-vic
tor!', from their employe™ yesterday In Vh?
first Mnstance Frank . Bros, of Redwood rut
dUchargred all of their PhlSppta? W S? p ,SS
and, agreed to substitute in their places^fmeM
5| n per^a r y. ra & * ™ S * **** ° f W« ™S?n
-The trouble between the leather workers .n-i
their employers . was In a measure aztl*t!cu»
ilyaajuetedi by the latter conceding ?o t he £~
Young l Ladies' Institute Entertains.
The minstrel entertainment given last
night in Odd Fellows' Hall under the auS
pices of- Young Indies' Institute Nos I
2 and 3 was well attended. An intereJtlrtK
programme was presented by the Gniflpn
City Minstrels and the Manhattan Qua?
¦ tet. -The -affair was under thp dwtu
of Mary; A. Burke." Jettle McSteln Ne He
Barrett, Mamie Gorman. Sadie Flaherty
A.' Gianettonl, T. Welshes, E izabeth
Hayes;; Helen _K.- Winters; E la * M
Comyns, Mary Magulre and Ella Baxter'
Legal "Aid for, the Poor.
,' At a meeting of the Bar. Association "of
San Francisco yesterday evening a com
muhlcatiori'was read by Attorney J(»rnm»
H. Kahn outlining a Plah by which n^ 6
sons financially unable to employ- leeM
aid might; secure redress In the courts
through, a legal aid, society. Attorrulv
Kahn^declared^that . such a society was
needed in San 'Francisco and asked that
every, member of the Bar Association iriv£
one hour, a month to the work.
Stole - From Brother-in-I^-w.
: Charles \ Burress was convicted of petty
larceny i by , Judge Mogran yesterday and
was sentenced to six/ months' imprison
ment in the County Jail. . He was ac
cused by .his brother-in-law, P."" Stevens
916 Montgomery street, of- stealing o"n
March 9 a gold-headed cane and bracelet
which he pawned to get money for liquor'
\THE SAlfr FBAyGISCO; CALL, SATXJRDAY^-APEILv 12, 1902.
10
Few people know the
comfort and beauty ; of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
Sold all over the ¦world.
. bStd D I ISncQ 1 OCs^s
WILSOU
JAKE JOSEPH.' Representative. 300 Battery Street. San FraneJaea.
C' : . : -?'^--.,i- '-'-i . ,'¦•¦'.''¦¦ . . "..¦'¦¦''
AJVEBTISEMENTS.
¦•''¦¦?''¦ ¦¦ ¦
We're After a Monopoly
Of the Laundrywork of particular people
in this city, and we're going to have it
if best work and perfect methods will
bring about such a reAlt. —
Try one bundle here for tha results we
give.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
¦ Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Ave.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
; SAN FItAXCIaCO.
i (Main Line, foot of Market Street )
1 IMIlTX — - .-. JFBOM M«BCH 80. 1902. — A«Biy
7.Q0a Beatcl*, Sulsun, tlailr* and Sacra- ¦
ntnto 6.55»
; 7.C0a V»cavllle, Winters, Kumsey. ' 7.5S*
I 7.30a Martinez, Saa Ramon, vallejo,
Kapa, Callstogm. Santa Roga. 6.7ST
I 8-OOa Dsvln. Woodland, KnlKnti Landing;,
Maryivtlle, Orovllle 7.55?
i 8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. . 8.25 a
I 8.00a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2Sr
8.00a KUei, Mendota, Hauford, Vlsailo.
PorterVUIe 4.55»
8 30* ShtsU Express— DaTis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), WUlowi,
Ked Bluff. Portland 7-55»
8.30a San. Jose.. Llrei-more. Stockton, -
lone,. Sacramento. Placerrllle,
MarysTlllo, Chlco. Red Bluff 4.28v
. f.30* Oakdale,Chlne«e,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.26V
8.00a V»iiejo_. 12.25*
8.00a Los Angeles E*press — Martinez, , . . ¦
Tracy, Lsthrop.Stoclcton.Merced,
Fresno ami Los Angeles 8.26a
. 9.30a Villejo. Martinez and WsyHUtloai 7.65P
!1000a Hayward, Miles and Way Sutlons.t12.5E?
10 00 a The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago.......... B.2SF
' t14)0r Sacramento River Steamers. t11.OOr
' 3 OOr Benlcia, Winters, Sacramento,
I Woodland, Knights Landing.
! Marysville, Orovllle 10-55*
| i-ZOr Hsywarrt.NIlcs and Wuy Stations.. 7.B5r
4.0Qj> Martlnez.San namon.VallcJo.Napa,
Callitogs, StcURosa.... 9-25A
400p Klles, LiTcrmore, StocUton. Lodl.. 12.25P
4S0r Hayvard.Xlles.SanJose.LlTennore t8.55A
44U>p Th* Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
: Dakersfleld. Sangna for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6- 00p PortCoeta.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton 10-26 A
B.OOp Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced; Fresno 12-25p
! 15-Mp Nile* Local..... 725a
6.00p Hayward, Nile* and San Jose/. 7.65a
tS.QOp Vallejo". wi 11-25a
6.00p Oriental Stall — Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louts, Chicago 4.25*
7.C0p San 'Tahlo. For: Costa, Marlines - -
and -Way Stations 11.25a
J7-00p Vallejo 7-55*
8-05r Oregon. <fc California Express — Sac- ;
! rumento, Marysvllle, Redding,
| ( Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8E5a
i $9.1Q> Hayward and Mies/. fl 1.55a
j COAST- LINE Oarrow Uange).
I ' (Foot Ml .Market Street.)
8.15a Kewarki Centervllle. itan Jose,
Felton, Bonlder Creek, Santa
Ctue and Way Stations 6.50V
t2-"i5l" Newark; Centerrille. San Jose,
\ ' Kew Almaden, felton, Boulder
} ;; Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
"Wai SUtlons 10.50a
' 4.1 6> Kewttk; San Jos«\ Los Gatos 18.50*
¦9.50P Hunters' Triln— San Jose and Way
j : stations t7.20p
| OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
i From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
i — +7:13 3:1)0 -11:00 a.m. 1 CO 300 5.15 P.M.
! From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 43:00
j . t8:05 1D;0Oa.m. 12 00 200 4.00 r.x.
j , COAST LINE (Broad tiM«e;.
j (i'htnt ana Townsend Streets.) -
i 6.10a San Joee and W»y Stations 6.40a
I 7 COa San Jose and ~W ay Stations t8.C0*
! 7.00* Now Almaden /4.10P
! 8.00a Conpt I.lne Limited — San. .lose,
( Utlroy, Salinas, San Lnls Obispo,
/ 8»nt.i Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10459
900 a San Jc»e, Tre» Pi nos, Santa Cruz,
Paciflc Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obtsptf and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10>
San Jose and Way Stations. 8 36a
11.30a 8anJos« and Way Stations.. 8.4ft*
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
¦ Palo Alto, Santa Clara, ban Jose,
> Tres'Ptnos, Santa Crnz, Salinas,
I Del Monte, Monterey and Paciflc
! Orove...... t10.45A
j B-SOf San Jose and Way Stations 1.30'
S t4.16> San Jose and PrinclpalWayStatlons 6-307
1 4.50P Sunset Llmltrd— Monday. April 7th.
14th, aist, for Los Angeles. El
Paso.N'ew Orleans and N ew York.
- " ' Last . train leaves Kew Orleans
April l«h...'. 10.15*
I t5.0ur San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ................... tSCOA
5.30p San Jo*£j>nd PrinclpalWayStatlons 6.307
6-30p San Jote and Way Stations - 7.30»
7.00P New Orleans Express — San Lnls
Ohispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
Keles,_Pemtng, El Paso, New'
Orleans and East 11.30a
•11.4SP San Jobo and Way Stations 7.30>
1 A for Mornintf. P for Afternoon. -
t 8 unday execpted. t Sunday only.
_a Saturday only. > and Frtdaya.
NORTH PACiFHJ COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalita F*rry
Commencing September 29. 1901
FROM BAN. FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAl^KT
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:30. •i)30 11-00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 6:15V .«:15. eits pin?
... EXTRA; TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
srs&^iAftfs z**™** 7 ' and s «™**»
SUNDAYS— »8:00. 9:00. n0:00, 11-Z0 a. ra
•1:15. 3:15..»4:45. «:30. 9:30 p. m. J ° fc ™-
Trains market (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN PRANCTSm
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 0:27. 7:45 1OM&
a. m.. '12:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p m "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p " eanes \ a y»
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8:00. •10:00, ni^s - m
•1:40. »3:15, 4:45..»6:30 p. m. * 5 ** m -
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55 S-5S 10?i
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:10 V . > m.' ' 30
EXTRA - TRIPS on . Mondays. Wedneada vm
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.m. esaay "
s-fo"^^ 8^. 10105 a - -•! 12:08^ *•*>
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:5S a. tn. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.. - ... . *
1:45 p. nw Saturdays — Duncan Mills and wa»
stations. • - ... ... *
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and wav
stations. , . . *
Fairfax. Sundays^ — S:00, 0:00. 10:00, 11-30
a. m. ¦ - ' ¦ - . ¦¦
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run 'on
Sunday time. . ¦ ¦
. \:-f;:" AJDVEBTISEMEUTS.
Genuiiie CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of •-^w^Wi
: -. Terr Bsull and as eur
to take as sugar.
SFF I^ADTTtfol™ HEADACHL SEE
:> r t :: CARTERS for dihimess.
fiiiiTTSr FOR BILIOUSNESS. 7%r .,. nMr
GENUINE ¥ UFR FOR TORPID LIYER. GENUINE
H DM I £ roR CONSTIPATION.
U/dIi bbec Bra FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WRAPPEF Jjgdl Ifor thecomplexiob VYKArmn
¦; . « • : oEmnxB nun hav«^amatu«c. _
""PRIlSrrEID ON RED 'PAPER." -
RAILWAY TBAVEI*.
Uon t nssststc
to go east with one of the
- Burlington Overland Excur-
sions because you think the '
"passengers won't be nice. 1 * j
They will be. | {
Objectionable people caa f
not secure berths in our
cars AT ANY PRICE. *
Travelers are, gradually
finding this out — to their
advantage and ours.
From San Francisco three •
times a week — Omaha. Chi- ¦
cago. Kansas City, St. Louis
and points beyond. S i
Folder giving full infonna-
tion furnished on request.
| -*-] W. D. SAN30RN,
SK^k^ 63 1 Market St.,
"***"*" "¦ California* I
CALIFORNIA NORTffWESTEfiN RT. COl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOBTJ PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon FerrA Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafaa!.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxir»
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:50 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. ll:C0 a, m.; 1:50. 3:3«L
6:00. 8:20 p. i. f ../.-•y.
£an Uafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m-i
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:10. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrrr*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination | day*. | Day*.
7:30am] 8:00am Novato. ]10:40am) 8:40an»
S:30pm( 9:30am Petaluma. I 6:03pm[10:23as»
5:10pm,' 5:C0pm Santa Rosa.| 7:35pm| 0:20pm
¦ I Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, lt:23&3i
8:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
GeyservlUe,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 8 :20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and TJklah. 7:35pm 8:20pm
'T-SOarn 5= N 10:40am 10^3aai
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 0:00pm C:20pM
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:13am 8:40am
and
S :10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:03pm 8:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40amllO:2Sam
2 :30pm (.5 :00pm I Sehastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fuitom
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllla for Skagffs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Hlsbland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-;
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart let:
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy 9prtnga. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley*« BnckseU't.
Banhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'sHot SprlnsB,
Mendoeioo City, Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaL
I Wllllts. Laytonvtlle, Cummins. Bell's Sprtagsv
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
! duced rate*.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to aU potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAW.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-baiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
\ -- Local LJm'd OvrJ'd Local
____^_ P*Uy Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran. 7:20a 9:00a 8:00p 4:2Op
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 p
" HanforiL. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:08 » .......
" VUalla... 3:3»p 5:00a
¦.**. Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a .......
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30 a .......
" Chicago ,. 2:15 p 8:00 p
a lor morning, p for afternoon.
B:CO a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace : Sleeping Cars and
. Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation ot
local first-class . passengers. No second-
Class tickets are honored on this trata. Cor-
responding train . arrives at 7:05 a. ra. dally.
4 :20 p. in. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. • t
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
throuith . Palace and I Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to. Chicago; aUo
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 d. m.
cally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakenfleld Local, stopping >
at aU points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway.
Oakland. SfRijjgf]
HOUNTtAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.. Hi""* Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ~~
SanJFran^ Foot of Market St. San Fran.
ttrr -^r- **"" *• •*»»-»—¦ -^
• \ l:15p.h"- •*««>V««lJ. gg ;; 0JO *
EokotoflVM. ca iurjls-: Kaxn ad SABSALno rxaaz.
V~1jk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/U>«aJ^ f»LM> UCAS.VY ST. Established
i« lc ' «i <£?*!» "*"¦"•• for the treatment of ITivnte
EM^JV-Ssi/ Diseases, Lost lvl.iiimm.1./ Debility or
4§i» ) J*3'^t3*'lis< > ns" wenrinsrnn horty.ind mind anri
*t%iH«S333 s l''n Dlsensea. Tlit> Doctor cure* when
io?WA'f»i»aWvi r> th p « fi'i'. Try him. I hurges low.
:^<i-*- J C" t t^3l«'"r*»,rtinr«Mt«.«.«l. Cull or write.
Dr. J. »". UIBBOX. sail Francisco. CatLIVERPOOL. . . ;
Wheats : May. /July.
Opening 5 11 vi .5 11-
Closing .... .'. . . .......... . . 5 11 if. R 10%'
PARIS.
Wheat — ' ' ¦•' •' ' ¦ April. Sept.-Dec.'
Opening .....;/....... 22 00 - 2» 45 • .!
Closing •••• 22 00 ¦ 20 45 -v?
Flour — ¦•; ¦¦';¦¦ • . ' ¦''¦ •.' ¦"'
Opening 26 55 * 2''. 4S ..
Closing .................... 26 65 - 26 45
Eastern"; Livestock Market. / ;
. CHICAGO.'
CHICAGO, ADril ¦'•, 11— CATTLE —, Receipts,
2200,' including ..'220: Texans. Market; steady.
Good ' to i prime steers," $6 60Q>7 36 ; poor to , me
dium. ,$4 50®6 50; 'stackers and? feeders, $2 50
05 25; ' cows,'-- $1' C0@5 60;-* heifers, $2 60®6:
canners'rSl 1 3502.40; bulls, $2 50@5 50; calves,
$2 60©C; Texas- fed steers, 1 $5 25@C 25. r
¦ - HOGS— Receipts > to-day, ¦ 15,000; to-morrow,
14.000;' left-over. 3500. Mostly » 10c - higher.'
Mixed;- and butchers', $6 75@7 20; ..good r 10
choice heavy. $705®7 25; rough* heavy, $6 80©
7; light. $6 80@6 90; \ bulk of sales. $6 95@7 10.
: ¦ 8HEEP — Receipts, - . 3000.- Sheep, steady;
lambs,; steady, v Good to choice wethers. 1 $5 25
©5 90; fair to choice mixed, $4 50<g'5 40;,West
ern sheep and yearlings,^$4 50(35 00;:? native
lambs.i$4 75@6 85 for wooled; Western -lambs,
$5 25(S'0.75. • '
. :, - '.,.'¦ st., joseph. v. --;•.'•
ST. JOSEPH,. Mo.,' Anrir 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, > 700. Steady. Natives, : $6 50@7; cows
. Bean dealers continue to quote a dull and
very weak market, with quotations pointing
downward. There ,wa3 very little change yes
terday, 3 however. . .
¦ BEANS- ;; -Bayos/$2 40@2 60; small -White, $2
@2 25; ; large' vwhlte, $2@2 25; Pea,". $3<g>3 50;
Pink. :$!' 0002 '10; ! Red, *Z 25@2 50; Blackeye.
14 5()SN 75; Limaa, $3 C0@3 60; Red Kidneys,
%3 50@4 per ctl.. .. . . -
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, .$2 60@2 65; Yel
low Mustard,, $3 25@3 50; Flax, .$2 25@2 50;
Canary 3 Vic for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@liV4c; California, 10@10Vic; Rape.' 1%@
2V4c; Hemp. 3V4c per lb: ,- • ¦ ¦
;: DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $1 60@2; Green. $1 60
@2; Blackeye, nominal. ¦ . ¦. ¦-...¦'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
* Choice offerings of | table Potatoea continued
to meet : with .['a ? steady • demand at sustained
prices. ". '. Seed ', Potatoes " showed no ' change and
stocks cf all' kinds were plentiful. .'j New Pota
toes'cleaned'up.; under. 'a steady shipping and
local • demand. '
: ', Fancy Oregon; Onions ' were scarce and high
er,"; but • poor : stock ¦ waa in . liberal ; supply ' and
dull. ;' Other descriptions . of '.old' Onion3. were
unchanged. .Green ; continued •; plentiful and
prices were Ipwer; \ , ." . ', ' •"
.-•All .n«w- veeetables were in demand , for
shipment -. north - per steamer, and Asparagus
cleaned up at an advance. Offerings of Peas
and Rhubarb were very large and the market
was weaker. V " Los :- Angeles Vegetables , were
lower under heavier' receipts. . •• , - „¦
' POTATOES— New Potatoes, / 203c - per'lb;
old $1 10@l 45 .for '¦ Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. . $1 45@1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles '¦: — — ; C River • Reds, ' $1 50@l 60; • Early
Kcse ' for seed.' 1 $1 60® 1 70 ;; small -Burbanks,
f or . seed, " $1 10@l 36; . Sweets, ' $1 85 for - Mer
ceds in' sks i and $2 in 'crates. : ; - . • . - . ;
Oregonsr «2@2 25 for the best and
$1 75@2 for lower; -grades: ..Australian,' $3(&
3 75,, secondT: hands; Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions, 25©40c Per .box.'. > , ':
¦ • VEGETABLES— Asparagus, ' extra t fancy,
$2 23g2 50 per , box, f $1- 75(3'2"for, No.; 1 -and
Beans 'and Seeds.
Articles— -¦ ¦ - ' - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....:...... 12,000 37,000
Wheat, , bushels . . . . '. ... . . 41.000 . _ 11B.000
Corn bushels ......33,000 142,000
Oats' bushels .'.... ;.13S,000 : - . l r r00
Rye bushels ••'••' 10,000 18.000
Bnrley, bushels . :.?'...."..; 41.000 .;• 8.00q
On tk<> Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creameries. 23®29Vic;-Dai
ries ¦ 24@27c. Cheese, 12@13c. • Eggs, ; steady;
fresh, 14%@15c. .*, ¦ '- --•.
*" ; *
NEW YORK, April 11— Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:.
While cross currents in trade and industry
make it. difficult to characterize . the general
trade situation the country over, appearances
would indicate that the check given to trade
by reactionary weather, crop uncertainties and
additional friction In Industrial circles is of
a transitory character. Bank clearings all
things considered, are . of large volume, rail
road earnings reported , to Bradstreet's point to
increases over the same period a year ago ard
especial activity is noted In leading manufac
turing lines, principally Iron and steel lumber
cotton goods, coal mining, machinery makinr
and a host of lesser Industries. Jobblne dl«
tribution at the Central West and at lea'dlmr
Eastern centers note a quieting down but In
the spring wheat sections reports are' of un
diminished activity. Southwestern . trade 1 el
ports continue of a cheerful nature At in
dustrial centers in the South, iron coal and
copper . production are active, and - while ' the
backward weather conditions are credited
with limited demand In agricultural section*
the strength of cotton prices leads to a^more
hopeful feelliiff there. >..- . ° .. more
tae lowering In the generalaverage
of wheat as a result of the dry weather Indi
cated by the Government report, winter 'wheat
crop prorpects are still for a crop in excess of
400,000,000 bushels and about equal in fact
to the indicated final out-turn last year A
large Increase In acreage. is indicated in 'oata
and that crop seemn to be progressing well
¦ Wool has tended to weaken, 'owing ; to I the
spread of weavers to other, mills of the leading
interest.. ¦ - - . . B ,
Raw sugar has weakened on the antlclna
tion of legislation in the matter of Cuba and
record" low : prices have been touched araln
The same Is also true of silver prices.
. Among the industries Iron and steel are «nii
exemplars of activity. : ; "*?. stl11
, Cereal prices moved within narrow' limit*
early, pending, the publication of the Govern
ment report, some strength being imparted hv
reports . of better export demand . and cold
weather interfering with the growing. cron hut
this strength disappeared later an . the -report
Itself.'.- though .'claimed, to be a surprise exer
cised little effect, the net changes for the week
being slight. . " -":
' Hog . products strengthened : slightly on the
small run of hogs and also on Increased de
mand by. packers. ' .-¦._, -. ....-., .
.- Wheat, including flour, exports for. the 'week
aggregate; 3,842.012 bushels, against : 4,446 017
bushels last , week and 0,405,201 in 'this week
last year: -¦ <«!^S9^^8p^iMM^N«a^amHmr
Wheat ¦ exports July 1," I90L to date (41
weeks) aggregate 202,687.070 ' bushels, against
161, 028.8i8 bushels last season. -
Business failures in the United -States for
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lOVSc; medium, 9@9Vie; light, 8@SVic;
Cow Hides. 9c for heavy and S@8V4c for light;
Stags. 6®6V4c; Salted Kip, 8®SV4c; Salted. Veal.
«@9VaC; Sailed Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls
14c: Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. . 20@30c
each: short Wool. 35@60c each;, medium. 65@
75c; Ions Wool. SM)C<8>$1 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium; $1 for small .'and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $125@l 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32Vic; dry salted Mexican
25c; dry Central American. 32V&C. Goat Skins
— Prime Angoras, . 75c ; : large and smooth. 50c ;
medium, 35c. ¦ -. " : ¦ • ' ' • "
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5V5@6c per lb;
No 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3V4c.
¦ WOOL— Spring — Northern free. 14@16c; do,
defective,- 13@14c; Middle county free, 13@152;
do defective 12@13c: Southern, 12 months,
9@10c; do, 7 months, OSllc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada, 12@15c Der lb.
HOPS — 11® 12c for. fair and 12VS@14c per
lb for good to" choice, first hands. . ¦
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is nothing new to report.
DRESSED MEATS.
V Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
- BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows. • i
VEAL— Large, 7VS@SVSc; small, SVSClOc per
P °MUTT0N— Wethers, Ewes. 808%c
r-er; pound. ¦". ; . ¦
LAMB— Yearlings. 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb, 11%®12%c per lb^ • "
.-' PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%09VJc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco. ¦ less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: .
CATTLE— Steers. 8V4@9c; Cowa and Heifers.
7@7Vic; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4%@5V4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4% 05c; Ewes, 3Vi@4c per
lb (gross weight). . ¦ •¦. .
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. - $2 50®2 75 per
head or . 5%©6c per lb ; Uveweight; yearlings,
4U@5c rer lb. ' "*"•.' ".-¦" '
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200. lbs and under, 6%c;
200 • lbs and over, 6%c; feeders. 5% @
6Vic; sows. 20 per cent oft; boars, CO per
cent oft. and stags, .40 per cent off from the
above • quotations. - •,
General Merchandise.
; BAGS — Grain Bass. June and July. 6c; Saa
Quentln, 8.55c ; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%®8c- r
- COAL— Wellington. $9 per, ton: Southfleld
Wellington, - $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $S 50;
Roslyn. $7 ; Coos Bay. $5 50 ; Greta,- $8 ; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh. Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel; $11 per ton; Coke," $15 per ton
in bulk and $17- in sacks; Rocky. Mountain de
scriptions,' $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton,
according to brand. • : -.
OIL— California' Castor. Oil.' in cases, No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c; raw. 74c; cases, 6c more; ¦ Lucol, 66c ¦ for
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops
Business in local and oil stocks . continued
quiet in the morning and an advance in Cen
tra Costa Water to $78 37Vi was the only
change worthy of remark.
The general tone, in the afternoon on the
Bond Exchange was firm, but quotations did
net vary much.
At the annual election of the Champion
Mining Co. on tho 8th th3 following directors
were elected: Henry Mohr. C. Nonnenman, C.
J. Shuster, F. Zeitleri J. Fetz, J. Rosenlhal
and J. Ott. .The same directors were elected
tor the Spanish Consolidated. At the annual
election of the St. Gothard Consolidated (Delhi
mine) the following directors were elected: G..
Kartschoke, J. Asslon, C. J. Schuster, F. Zclt
ler, J. Fetz. J. Roeenthal an-J J. Ott.
The Spring Valley .Water Company hat de
clared the regular monthly dividt-nd of 43o
per share, payable April 21.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a monthly dividend of 30c per
share, payable April 15. Thia is an increase
cf 10c per share over the rate previously paid.
The Marin County Water Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 75c per share on the
10th.
The following quotations for the United
Railways of San Francisco were received-yes
terday from New York by Bolton. de Ruyter
& Co.: Common stock, S'Zi S7V2©24: preferred.
$61 87%@62; 4 per cent bonds. $S3 75@9O 12Va;
subscriptions,- $101 75@101 87»£.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has
leyied an assessment of 10c.
The Occidental Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 5c.
STOCK AND BOUlT EXCHANGE.
-FRIDAY, April 11—2 p. m.
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .111 112 |4s qr c (new)l30i4i:a»ai
4s qr reg... Ill lllV»-3s qr coup. .100 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91V& — Oc S3 Co 5s. — 100%
Bay CPC 5s.lO7VilO8 Ombus C 6s. —
Cal-st 5s 117 118 Pac O Ira 4a. »«%100<1
C Costa 5s. .110% — Pk&C H 6s. 107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123. Pwl-st R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5e. — — | Sac EGR 5a.l02V«102U
H C&S 5%s. — — :SF&SJV 5«'.121Vil21%
Do 5s 96i,i — Sierra Cal es.lMVilta
L Ang R 5s.llS%lia S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s — — (1909) 113--*113«.
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) . . . .114% —
Do gtd 5s.lO2VjlO4Va S P of C 6s
L. A & P 58.102V4 — (1005)Sr A. — 10614
Do lem 5S.102 — (1905)Sr B.107Vj —
Mkt-st C 6s. 130 (1906) . .. .109Vil09»4
Do lem Ds.121 ,122 (1912) .... 119^121
N R of C 6S.112 — S P of C 1st
Do 5s...:. 121 122 c gntd 5s.. 120 —
N Pac C 5s.ll0 — Do stmpd.HlJi — '.
N E Cal 58.111& — SP Br Cal«s. — 139«A
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat «•. — 111%
Oak Trn Cs.124 • — Do 4s 2dm.l03%lO»
Do 1st c53.113% — ; Do 4s 3dm.l01%102"i
Oak W G 5S.102T* — Stkn G&E63.102 104
¦ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 78 vi 78% '.Port Costa.. 6.1 Vi 66
Marin Co.... 60 — (Spring Val.. 92 92Vi
• GAS AND ELECTRIC. /
Cent L&P. 2«i — Pac Light ../45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3»i — Sac E G&R. — .40
Mutual ..... — 4«i S F d & E. 42»4 4.JU
O G L & H, 57V4 58Vi S F G L Co. 5«4 ' 6}i
Pae G Imp.. 37 3SVi Stktn G & E. 8 —
.INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.262*i275
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Flour firm; No. ,3 spring wheat. 68@72V£c;
No. 2 red, 78V4@80c; No. 2 oats. 41%ifi)42^c;
No.:2 white. 44@45Vic; No." 3 white. 43 V4@44a:
No.- 2 'rye, 50V4@57c: fair to choice malting
b.irlcy, 61@6«c; No.: 1 flaxseed. $105; No.-. I
Northwestern. $1 76; prime timothy seed, *f> 90;
mees pork, per barrel. $16 60^10 65; lard,' per
100 pounds. $9 05(3:0 67 %: short ribs -"i sides
(Ioibc) $8 90@9; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7V»©7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $9 35@9 40t
whisky basis of high wines, $1 30. — , .
Cash quotations were as follows
Everything remains as ; previously ¦ quoted.
Feedstuff s ; being steady to firm and Hay easy
with amale : receipts. •-¦ . -
j BRAN — $16 50@17 per. ton. ;
' MIDDLINGS— $10 50®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®26; -Jobbing,
$20 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
*29@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 60.
HAY— ,Wheat. $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat.
$8 00@ll;. Oat. $8®10 50; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock. $6@8
p«r ton. • I ' - •' ¦. ' ¦' ' ¦ ¦ :t; v. .' - .'¦¦'- „ • ¦
- STRAW—^4O065C. per bale. . ¦ .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 505?
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' . Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon, . $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$.*J@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3
@3 60. .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices ; In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3r Rye Meal.
$2 75;. Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4®
4 25 j. Buckwheat Flour, ¦< $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 CO; Farina, $4 CO; . Whole Wheat
Fiour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $7 35@9; In
e&cks. $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK. April 11.— The fears of a cor
ner in Louisville and Nashville were some
what abated to-day, which seemed to be the
principal factor in the tendency toward re
covery in the market. Speculative sentiment
ehowed itself sensitive, however, to the move
ments in Louisville and Nashville. Thus when
very large buying appeared In other parts of
the market and when Louisville and Nashville
ran off to 1% under last night there was a
prompt rally elsewhere in the market. This
see-saw wa« more or less conspicuous all day,
especially at periods when Louisville and Nash
ville was particularly active. The market for
that stock continued very feverish on an enor
mous volume of dealings, but the fluctuations
were by no means so wild as yesterday. There
•were, indications that the money powers back
of the movement were disposed to handle it
more tenderly out of consideration for the
effect upon the rest of the market. The stock
touched 122 Vi at the top and closed with a
net gain of 1%. Ae for Southern Railway. It
fell back to a position uniform with a num
ber of other active Ftocks in the market and
moved narrowly. The strength which the
market showed as a whole was by no means
universal or evenly distributed. The Govern
ment crop report caused some depression here
end there among the grangers, which was
overcome. Amalgamated Copper was consist
ently Etrong and rose nearly 3 points at the
lBMt. The return to the city of one of the
principal stockholders and directors was im
puted as the cause of the market. The gen
erally credited report that the purchase of the
Choctaw Oklahoma and Gulf Railroad was in
the interest' of the Rock Island was followed
by a 2V4-Polnt gain In that stock, but the
dealings were merely nominal and the gain
¦was wiped out. Some of the buying of the
day waa based on the prospect that the bank
statement to-morrow will show an improved
condition by the clearing-house institutions.
The loss to the pub-treasury is $1,450,000,
which is over a million dollars less than the
payments to that institution for the cold ex
ported The receipts on balance from the
Interior have exceeded the loss to the public
treasury by a small margin. The expectation
is seri«ral that the banks will show a con
traction of loans, as loans in the stock market
have been called during the week. These ha\«
been shifted partly to the trust companies and
foreign leans have also gone to supply the
week's demands.' Some recuperation in the
surplus of the banks, therefore, seem* prob
able. It is supposed that the enactment of
the New York law extending the list of bonds
available . for eavinss bank investment will
result in some release of funds which have
been employed in holding these bonds pending
the enactment of the law. The action of the
Treasury Department In increasing deposits
with national banks upward of $5,000,000, With
the assurance of further monthly increases in
proportion had a favorable effect .upon senti
ment, although there was no immediate result
apparent. The peace rumors from London were
practically ignored. The British budaret state
ment of next week is awaited for clearer light
on the situation In the London market.
The bond market was somewhat irregular.
Total sales. ?5.075.000.
United States 2* advanced V* per cent on
the last can^ TORK STOCK LIST
Ptocks— Sales. Hlrh? Low. Close.
AtrhjSonT. 14.000 7*% 77% 78%.
Auhlron Pfd <. co ° «7% B7^5 » 7 %
Bait t Ohio. 9.200 106% '105% 106%,
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200. 96% »«V4 »«
Canadian Pacific .. 22,800 116% 114% 116Vi
Canada Southern . . 500 S7Vi 8'% 87%
Ohes & Ohio 500 4fi% 48 40
rhlc & Alton 1.500 87 37% T.CVi
Chic & Alton pfd.. 700 7«U 70 76Vi
Chic Ind & Louis.. 22,500 62 G7V4 60
Oiic Ind & L pfd.. CO0 J 7R "Vi 77«4 <
rhic & East III 300 15914 IK) 15914
Chic & Great We«t 2. COO 24 V. . 24 , 24 V4
Chic & G W A pfd. 300 S7V4 87 M 87 V4
Chic &<3 W B pfd. 45V4
'"hie & Northwest. 1,500 23(»% ¦ 235 235V4
Chic R I & Pac 1.200 17CV6 173% 174 -
Oiic Tcr & Tr 2,100 20 { 19 '19%
Chic Ter & Tr pf<i. POO 37*4 3«'A r 37Mi
C C C & £t Louis.. 1,000 103% 103Vi • 102%
New York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. lOV&c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; live tierces. 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@8Vic per lb for
compound and 11 Vie for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb tins, 12V»c;
3-lb tins. 12V4c. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12V&C per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 14c for light.
15c for. extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13V4c; California
Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family. $11(311 oO;
prime Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $22 50@23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50@12 30;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13V6@14c per lb. '
Chicago is quieting down and easing off.
There is less speculation and that market Is
not very interesting at the moment.
This market remains as before, being inact
ive and easv. ¦
Provisions.
CHICAGO, April 11. — Prices in wheat, hadla
good upturn early as a result, of ..the crop "re
port and strong cables, the latter probably." re-,
fleeting foreign interpretation -on .the 4 , crop '¦. re
port. Traders had t-xpected a bearish report;
yesterday, but -the curb action ] had* prepared'
them for an early bulge.- May started %c to
%c higher at 72%c to 72V4c, bat '¦as- is custom^
ary on report days the crowd sold and May
dipped, to 71 %c. Speculation was rife as '-to
just what way to. take the report.' The' de
partment set the April condition at' 78. 7, as :
compared' to 91'.7 J a ye'ar ago — the lowest con
dition with three exceptions in fifteen' years.
The' best yield suggested by the crop .'was 415.
000,000..bushels. . .The .department idid: not re>
vise Its figures on the acreage from the pro
visional estimate in December of 32,000,000
acres.' t The ¦ department,- howeven\ promised to
revise the acreage May 1. and with the knowl
edge that Kansas has plowed up 1.080,000 acres
and the. probability of at least '.half as. much
more In -Texas- and Oklahoma: traders .-figured
that probably the acreage harvested thia year
would exceed by only a. small, margin that of
a year ago. If the acreage Is brought down to
last year's level the yield suggested by the re
port will be only about 365,000.000 bushels.
After the'early selling by the trade a real bull
market started: ' Corn developed ' independent
strength and helped in the upturn. The profes
sionals took the bull side and May spurted to
73c. . Profit taking caused a reaction, but the
close was firm. May ?4@%c higher at 72%<3
72%c. ' . . ¦ ' •
Early trade In -corn was of much -the. same
character as that in wheat.' Later, whftn
wheat advanced,., corn a lot of bull
ish news of Its own.,- St. Louis and Kansas
City were bullish and very strong. May closed
firm. *<i@%c higher at 59%c. .. ¦ ; ,
Oats differed from the other- pits and were
sort of a prize puzzle to traders. May was
offered in liberal quantities, but the firmness
of the other grains held it steamy. ¦¦ May closed
unchanged' and steady at 41%c. '. '
Provisions were strong all day until just be
fore the close, when profit taking took off some
cf the gain. May pork closed 5c higher, lard
and- ribs a shade up. • ¦ '' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦"-'¦
The leading futures ranged as. follows:
As per previous agreement all the local Dried
Fruit houses will hereafter close at 2 o'clock
on Saturdays, until July 5.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@llc for Royals and
10® 13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®9c; sun dried. Be;
Peaches. 6V4@8V4c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@6c; unpltted, lV4@2V4c; Nectarines, 5Vi@6c
for red' and 5V4@6c for white; figs, 4%c .for
black and 5V&@6c for white.
¦ PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40'e, 6V4@ti%c; 40-50' s. 5@5V4c; 50-60' s, 4 Vi
@4%c; 60-70's, 4@4V4c; 70-80*8, 3Vi@3%c;-80-
UO's. 3@3V4c; 90-lQO's. 2%@2%c per lb. .
; RAISINS — SeeiTed; 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, «V4
©7%c: Loose MuscataU. 6V*c .for 4-crown and
5V4c for seedless ;.3-crown, 6c; Z-crown. 65ic;
Seedless Sultanas, 5Vjc for unbleached and 7 a
8%C for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; 4>e
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. . .. •
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, llV5c; No.
2, 6V4@7V4c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10V6@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12V^c; Filberts.
12<012V»c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@3.
' HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, j 60
6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
. CALL BOARD SALES. . •
¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
' Second Session — No sales.
. Regular. Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OaTs — The weather Is affecting the mar
ket at Chicago; i and unless the West gets
rain coon prices are expected ¦ to go still
higher. The demand is good and the feeling
is very firm ¦ ' -
There is no. change in the market.
Grays. $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30® 1 45; Sur
prise. $1 40<9H 45: black. $1 12V2@1 S2V4; red.
$1 3001 42 V, per ctl.
CORN — Chicago' was firm and higher, • with
a better cash --demand. Receipts • were light,
being only 145,000 bushels at all- primary
points.' A cable from the Argentine reported
the weather satisfactory, with prospects for a
crop fully as large as that of last season.
There was nothing new ' in the local market.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 45; small '.round do.
$1 35@1 47Vi; white $1 40@l 50 per ctl.
RYE— 92%@95c per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 \~.t
ctl. - - . . •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal. Session-^9:15 o'clock— May— 2000
Ctls, .$1 06%.. --.•:. - ,'; .:•¦
Second Session— May— 8000 ctls, $1jOQ.
Regular Morning J>esslon-^-No sales--- »„¦
' Afterribon- Session^— May— 2000 r ctls, $1 09 Mi
8000 ?1 09%; December— 2000, $1 07 J 16,000,
$1 07%. ¦ . ¦---.; -:¦ .- : -> - ¦ .• ¦•
' BARLEY— There is nbthing new to* report.
The market is steady and unchanged.
Feed, 96V4@97V£c for No. 1 and 93%@95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97 Vic
®$1; Chevalier. $1@1 20. .. . r -.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days..... — $4 86 Vi
Sterling Cables, sight.. — ' 4 88V4
Sterling Cables . — . 4 89Va
New York Exchange, sight ... — • 12fc,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 5334
Mexican Dollars, . nominal — 45Vj
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Firmness continued to character
ize the foreign markets, and Liverpool and
Paris futures were higher.
Chicago advanced, but with sellers predomi
nating.. The market was unsettled and mod
erately active." The . weather, continued ' un
favorable. The selling was ' on reports that
Great Britain would Impose an Import duty
on Wheat. St. ' Louis ¦ and Minneapolis were
strong, .and predictions of continued dry
weather and j firm' cables - caught the jcrowd
; short and all tried to cover. St. Louis bought
freely and sent in bullish crop hews. The
; Government report led to considerable short
selling, as It indicated a crop of 415,000,000
bushels, against 365,000,000 last year. The
farmers hung back and very little Wheat was
.obtainable from them. . ¦' ; -
Th'.s market- was steady .but dull, -with an
-advance of several fractions In futures.
• Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 0S%; milling.
$1 10<31 12V4 per ctl..; . . „.. . • ;
Weather Report.
l ¦ / > .
(IL'Oth Meridian— Pacific Time )
.SAN FRANCISCO, April 11-5 p. m.
The followiiiK are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat«>, hs compared with those of the same date
IU| eeason and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This _. . La*t '
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season. !
S u i e1^ « °- 12 *°- M ¦*«•¦»«
Red Bluff y.oo 23.71 22 6S
Sacramento o.OO 16. 3S 17. &O
Francisco ..... «.00 17.36 ' ls\i)9
Fresno 0.00 fi.40 10. »9 '
Indej-endence O.oO ' 4.2:5 t S.fel i
San Luis Obispo ... O;O0 21.18 27.87
]-os Angeles 0.00 10.44 14. IS j
i?an Diego o.OO 5.65 10. C5 1
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature, I
68: minimum. 4S; mean, 53. I
The following maximum and minimum tem
ppratures were reported from Eastern stations: j
Boston 44-oS Kansas City 62-40 !
Cincinnati .«6-50 Chicago 68-43 j
Philadelphia 54-44 Duluth ... 42-34
Jacksonville 75-50 St Louis 70-4S
New York 50-42 Salt L*ke Citv 50-.W
Washington 56-42iOmaha 58-36
THE COAST RECORD. :
Temperature, " a. m. — 48.
WEATHER CONDITION AND GENERAL
• ''^ FORECAST. •
The pressure has risen along the coast of
California and Oregon. Conditions are morp
favorable for fair weather over the greater
pcrtlon of the coast Saturday.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary and throughout California it is about
nofir.at. - ; _/v,L -~.- s
Showers have fallen from Eureka north
ward, but elsewhere there ha u been no Tain.
Forecast made at San Francisco ' tor thirty
hours ending midnight. April 12, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
light showers in extreme northern portion;
light northerly winds in the Interior; fresh
westerly winds on the coast with fog.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with fog
In the morning; light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; light nortberly
wind*.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
vitb fog In the morning; light northerly winds,
changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
41 _ Forecast Official.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard. $2@2 50 for choice- and $2 50@o
for fancy: extra fancy, $3 25; Seedlings, $l£p
1 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75|<2; Malta
Blood Oranges. $2@2 50; Tangerines, In quarter
boxes, 75c&$l and $1 25«jl 50 in half boxes;
Lemons, 75c@$l for ' common and $1 25@1 75
for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $1@3. including seedless; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas, $2 50@3 per bunch
for. New Orleans and $1 50©2 for Hawailans;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.-
APPLES— *2(tf2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary. ¦
Stocks of ripe Bananas were light and prices
were higher. Fancy Apples moved off fairly
well, but cheaper grades were dull.
About 25 drawers of Longworth Strawberries
were received' from Palo Alto. The berries were
in good condition and sold readily at $1@1 25
per drawer. The demand for Oranges continued
brisk and, as supplies were light prices were
maintained. The Sound steamer, which saiied
yesterday, took out but few Oranges, as prices
were too high for shippers. At the auction 2 cars
were sold at the following prices: Fancy Na
vels, $2 50@3 10; choice do, $2@2 90: standards
do, $110(82 33; Seedlings. $1 05@l 00, accord
ing to grade. The other citrus fruits were un
changed.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
• NEW YORK, April 11.— The following
table, . compiled by Bradstreet. shows the
bank clearings at the. principal cities
for the week ended April 10, with the per
centage of increase and decrease, as compared
with the corresponding week last year:
. . Percentage/
Cities— Amount.' Inc. .. Dec-
New York. ...$1,462,670,450 i... 17.0
Chicago 105.934.350 10.6
Botton 13S.631.167 9.0
Philadelphia 108,645.848 14.0
St. Louis 48,8.2.381 16.3 .:..
Pittaburg 39,104,907 12.2
Baltimore 22,889,690 20.3
San Francisco.... 23.S35.63S 18.1
Cincinnati 20,136.150 7.8 ....
Kansas City 17.126,566
Cleveland 14,532,133 5.7
Minneapolis ..... 11.180,063 10.3 ....
New Orleans ¦ 12,629,042 • 17.5 ¦ '
Detroit 9.345,768 • 5.7
Louisville 0.9S7.330 14.1 ....
Indianapolis - 9.160.U84 32.5
Providence 7,466.000 7.8 ....
Omaha 7,018.940 17.7
Milwaukee 6,446,276 23.5 ....
Buffalo 5.517.024
St. Paul 5.421.580 25.0 ....
St.. Joseph % 4,016.695 21.6-
Denver 4.245,079 14.8
Richmond 4,644,972 13.8
Savannah 3,202.033 :... ....
Salt Lake City... 3.38B.040 17.0 ....
Albany 3.138.062 14.8 .'...
Los Angeles 4,735,653 47.1 ....
Memphis ........ 3,517,044 26.0
Fort Worth 2,639,924 5.3 ....
Seattle 3,124,713 30.0 ....'
Washington ..... 4.230.79S 56.0 ....'
Hartford 3,065,767 11.9 i ...'.
Peoria 3,194,758 -39.3 ..:.
Toledo 2,690,335 17.1 ....
Portland. Or...... 2,730,209 .. 23.5 ....
Rochester ........ 2.032,005 26.9 .....
Atlanta 2,332,541 1.5 •'..'..'
Des Moines ;. 2,357,187 .40.6 ....
New Haven : .... 1.612.856 16. 3 . ....
Worcester ....;.. 1.515;435 10.5
Nashville. . 1,690,992 4.3 ....
Springfield. Mass. 1.505,400 :..: f 2.0
Norfolk ,.. 1,464,945 14.9 ....
Grand Rapids 1,315.052 7 3.8
Scranton ........ 1,389.518 37.9 ....
Portland. Me . 1,352.910 13.9 ....
Sioux City ... ....... 1,509.777 25.0 ....
Augusta 1,221,044 7.9
Syracuse .'..-...;; . 1,268,612 -21.4 .:..
Dayton, Ohio..... 1.499,650 1.1
Tacoma' .,..;.... 1,254,482 '21.8 ....
Spokane ..':.. •.'•'..' ' 1.604,658 60.0- ....
Topeka .......... 1,618,406' S0.7 Zjb'.'Zi
•.-Davenport .-?.:.. T ¦~"l,tlOS,276" r T21.5 "' - ....
wnmlngton. Del . 958,520 ,; ! ....
Evar.sville 1,124.«81' 23.3 - ....
Birmingham : : 1,003,305 .... 6.4
Fall River :.r... '1,037.888 2S.1 ... .
Macon . 591,000 .... .;..
Little Rock ...... ¦ 589,728 30.1 .. .
Helena 5*8,310 21.4
Knoxvllle 688,425 24 1
Lowell 552.700 7.1 ....
Akron ;.v. 609,300 8.5
Wichita 572,818 3.2 '....
Springfield, IU... 644,076 32.5
Lexington 672,632 15.2 .;..
New Bedford .... 698,287 59.7 . .
Chattanooga - 580.444 -37.4 " ...
Youngstown . 626.327
Katamazco 524,856 6.4 *'"
Fargo 485.323 10.3
Bingrhamton 365,800 12 3
Rockford 435,030 2 1
Canton 644,000 . 43.1 ""
Jacksonville, Fla. 463.431 4S.4
Springfield, Ohio.. 365.041 .... 23'i
Cheater :.... 483..S82 63.7
Quincy .......... 410,021 ..
Bloomlngton ...:. 292,115 IS « ""*
Sioux Falls ...... 346.117 50 4 ""
Jacksonville, 111.. 227,931 80.1 *"**
Fremont 129.952 2.3 """"
•Houston . .. . 12,422.997 87.0 *"""
•Galvceton 7.232,000 . 1.5
•Columbus, Ohio.. 8,799,000 32 6 *""
Wheeling 726,594 12!o ""'
**Wilkesbarre= .. .. 885,211 .... *-*'
"Beaumont ..<.. ¦ , 385,216 . . " "'**
Decatur. III... .i'.: ; ,;;' ¦ 207,981 ..!! \'.\\
Totals U. S.. 1^2,247,119,858 .. . Jn~O
Outside N. Y... 784,449.408 5 8
CANADA. ' •
Montreal $27,172,095 101.8
Toronto 19.714,170 103 6 **""
Winnipeg ". .. 2,690,267 5S.2 """
Halifax 1.913,438 37.4 ""
Vancouver, B. C. : 850.649 ': 5 n ' ""
Hamilton . fs75.O4O *i*i
St. John, N. B... 747.201 .24*5
Victoria. B.C.... 530.650 ii'i
"Quebec 1,290,613 ' l
Ottawa,... 1,999,959 ..'.'. '///
Totals. Canada. $54,502,510 *.'.' 86.8
•Not included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings. | "Not Included 'in
totals because of no comparison for last yeur
LIVERPOOL, April 11.— Wheat, firm;. No. 1
standard California. 6s 1 %d@tis 2d : wheat in
Paris, quiet; flouj- in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
overcast. ' .-..-;
-LONDON, April- 11.— Consols, 94 11-16; sil
ver..24%d; French rentes. lOOf 95c; wheat car
goes on passage, less offering; No. 1 standard
California, 2'Js 3d; Walla Walla, 2Ss 9d; Eng
lish country markets, firm at advance of 6d.
Foreign: Markets.
Butter and Eggs are in excessive supply and
both are lower at wholesale, while the retail
price of s Butter Is again lower. Eggs and
Cheese remain about the same.
Meats, Poultry, Game and Fish show no
changes worthy of note.
Spiingr Vegetables are still more or less dear,
as the season is several weeks late and the
markets are none too well supplied. Strawber
ries are also backward in coming In and axe
above the average purse.
COAL, PER TON —
Cannel 1 @13 00 Southneld
Wellington. @11 00 Wellington $ — @11 00
Seattle .... @ 8 50 Cocs Bay . . . — @ 7 00
Roslyn .... @ 9 00 Ireta — @10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
-Butter, choice, sq40@45 1 Common Eggs.. .15®—.
Do good 35<g40l Ranch Eggs, per
Common 30<S — dozen 13S20
Cheese, Cal lli'a 15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. .176:20 pound 15<g2l>
Cheese, Swiss 20@30 Do extracted... 801<J
MEATS, PER LB.—
Bacon 14@lS!Pork Sausages. 12%@15
Hams 13@17;Smoked Beef ....17S20
Lard 15® — J
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Eeef . . . . .10®13i5pring Lamb ..12%(S20
Tenderloin Stk.l5@17% .Roast Mutton .12%©
Porterhouse do.l7%iR2t>'Mutton Chops. .12%@13
Round Steak... 10® l'-iiji Mutton Stew .... s@10
Beef Stew 8@lo|Roast Veal 12@;3
Corned Beef 8@10]Veal Cutlets ....15@1S
Roast Lamb 15@1S, ! Roast Pork ...12Vi®15
Lamb Chops 15@20iPork Chops -^-®13
POULTRY AND GAME —
Hens, each 50@'JO Pigeons, pair 40-S54
Young Roosters. I Squabs, per pair.50i@65
each 75©$1 1 Rabbits, each 15@^n
Old Roosters, ea.50(S75!Hare, each ...... «2(l
Fryers, each 50@75 English Snipe,
Broilers, each. ..35@€5| per dozen .. — @$4 00
Turkeys, per lb. .18(322 Jack Snipe — @$2 5(1
Ducks, each .....6o@$l Wild Geese, per
Geese, each ...$150Q:2 pair 73@$1 00
Goslings ... — $2 50 Brant, each ....25®3i
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Pears, _ _ Dried Figs, per lb ®10
each 25@30| Limes, dozen 10(315
Almond3 15@20 1 Lemons, dozen ... 20@.-;«
Apples 35jf 5 1 Oranges, dozen. . . 2O®t5o
Pecans — @20 [Pineapples. each.3O-&co
Brazil Nuts 20@— | Raisins; per lb.. 5@15
Bananas, dos....l5@25 Strawberries, per .
Cocoanuts.'each..— @10 basket 25®—
Grape Fruit, per _ Walnuts, pr lb. ..15©20
dozen 50@to
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus 6<312%|Okra. dried, lb. .— ©25
Artichokes, doz.. 15^40; Potatoes, per lb. . *>•© 4
Beets, dozen W& — ;New Potatoes.. 2U** 5
Beans, white, lb. 6® — [Parsnips, per dz.lii®--
Colored, per lb. 50 — i Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... 6<g> 8| bunches loffi"*)
Cabbage, each... 5@ — Rhubarb 3a a
Celery, head . 5<9— !Sw««t Potatoes.'
Cress, dz bnchs. .2CHg;30 per lb 2%® 4
Cucumbers, dz.$l 5O®a Sage, doz bnchs 2C<STu
Egg Plant, lb....30@40, String Beans, per
Garlic 4@ 6. pound . .. . ....20@ o 5
Green Peppers,lb.la®23- Summer Squash,
Green Peas, lb. .. 3@ 5l per pound. ..12%®13
Lettuce, per doz.l5@2u:Sprouts. perlb... ©—
Leeks, doz bnchs. 15@2O Spinach, per lb. 8@—
Onions, per lb. .2Vi@ 4 Thyme, dz bchs..25i©30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz.lo®—
bunches 15@20 Tomatoes, pr lb.8®12'i
Mushrooms, lb...40®60 ¥ "
FISH—
Carp — @10 Sea Dass ...... @
Catfish 10@— Smelts 12Vi®l5
Codfish .. ....12W— Soles ....122@15
Flounders .......10®— Skates, each m\$
Halibut — <§13 Squid — <S—
Herring — @ — Tomcod l0®UVi
Mackerel — ©— Turbot 20<S3o
Do horse — & — Trout — ©so
Perch '.12%® — Brook Trout — @
Pompino 75<e*l Whiteflsh lo@
— fel3 Clams, gallon ...5o@
Rockflsh — @13 Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh.. 12%@15 per pound ... 8@10
Do. smoked 15@25 Crawfish — $ —
Sardines — @ — Crabs, each 13tc20
Shrimps 10® — Mussels, quart . . . — @ —
Shad 10@12Vi Oysters, Cal, 100.40@oO
Striped Biss...l2%@15 Do Eastern, dz.25@40
WASHINGTON
- TACOMA;. 'April - 11.— WHEAT— Dull > and
steady. "Bluestem, C4c; club, 63c. ," s
-•:.. OREGON. . ' . :
PORTLAND, April 11.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 63©64c; . bluestem, 64@65c.~ -
Northern \ Wheat' Market.
Thtre was not much business In evap6rate:l
apples of any grades and values to-day." Com
mon'to good apples received some -.' attention
from exporters. ' ' " ¦'• • •- ' ;
Common to good, 7@8V4c; prime. 9@9Vic;
choice 9^@Hc; fancy, 10V4@llc. :
In prunes the market was steady to firm on
larg« sizes which were in good demand. Small
elzep dull and Ifeaturclcss. .
PRUNES— 3 %@7c.
. APRICOTS— Royal, 10@ltc; Moorpark. 11%
@12%c. '•'¦'•¦ -'*¦ ' •• '¦• ¦" ' =•¦¦ ¦
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8®10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, April ril.— FLOUR— Receipt?,
96,118 barrels; 'exports', 19,838 barrels. J.rFlrm..
Minnesota patents. $3 80@:S95; /! •Minnesota,
bakers', $2 90<g 3 20; winter patents; S5@
4 05; -straights. $3 70@3 85; winter extras,r$3 15
@3 25: winter low grades.'; $2 95@3 05. :. •• ; ..'.:
\WHEAT— Receipts, 16,575' bushels; exports,
£0,931 bushels. ,- Spot, firm ;< No. '• 2 red. 82T.sC
elevator; No. 2 red, 85c..f.'o.'.b f^afloa.t; ) --N.<).';i:
Northern Duluth, 83c f. o. b; afloat :'No;4i hard.
Manitoba, 85%c , f. o. ' b. . afloat. •;• The' G^ve^n-'
mtnt report advanced wheat: prices
lc per bushel to-day. Room, traders, thinking
the early firmness was their uppdrtunity. over
sold and were forced in, mailing a strong mar
ket all day. Northwest and Pacific Coast buy
inff was a feature while .bullish ..crop, cables
had a good effect. The close was firm at %c
not advance. May. 78 3-lG@79%c, closed 73c;
July, 78%@79c closed 783»c; September. 77%#
781,4c, closed 7SVs?; -December, 78%@79%c.
closed 79%c.
WOOL — Quiet. J-j-v'
HIDES— Firm.
HOPS — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7- Invoice.
5%c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8 '4 Si 12c. . Fu
tures closed r.et unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales were 40.750 bags, including: May,
5.1M§5.£0c; July. 5.35c; September, 5.55c; De
cc-mbtr, 5.75c; January. 5.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 2"ic;
centrifugal, 96 te3t, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, quiet. •• . : .. ¦ .1
• Colo Southern .... 4.600 28 27i£ • 27*i
Colo Sou Irt pfd... 1,100 A 73 72% 72^
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 800 4i% 43y t :, *:i%
Del & Hudson..... 300 171 171 171V>
I Del Lack & West.. ...:.- : .... 283
I Denver & R G 400 44 44 4:{>i
Denver & R G pfd <KK) 92 91 01 V-
I Erie 7.4O0 '30% 36Ms 30%
Erie 1st pfd 400 68Vi 67»4 68
Erie 2d pfd ... 2,700 54 52% 53
Great Northern pfd 200 184 1£ 18!^. 184 \i
Hocking Valley '.1.400 82^ 81 .81%
! Hocking Val pfd... • 200 * 1)0 »0 .91
Illinois Central ... 2,600 143 142 142»4
Iowa Central . * 300 . 48Vi 48
Iowa 1 Central pfd., , 200 SI 83-14 81
Lake Erie & West. . 200 68 67 Vi 68
Lake E & \V pfd.. ' ' 129
i Louis & Nash 156,000 122>£ 116H 119%
! Manhattan -L ,.-14.100 13.5% 1.12% 133 H
Metropolitan St Ry lJiOO 154% 1531,4 1531^
Mexican Central... 9,700 30% 29V S 30'/*
Mexican National.. 1,800 19V4 18% 19V4
Minn & St Louis.. 100" 119 109 108V-
Missouri Pacific .. 14,800 101 =J4 100U 101 "
Mo Kan & Tex 200 24 Vj 24»i" 24V4
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 900 58% 54 H 54 14
N J Central 188
Y , Central. ...... i.noo 163V4 ' 162H 162%
Norfolk & West... 4.000 56% - 56^ 56%
Norfo k & w prd. . ::oo 91 »o2 aovj
Ontario & West... 2.200 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 11.000 150^ 149%' 150%
fading 31,700 58% 57 57%
Reading 1st pfd... 1,200 82^ 82 82V?
llLls s r F i s -tpfd: 3>8C0 70^ 69% g?
¦|» v t s r 2d pM - "5°° "h "% 73%
St L Southwest.... 300 28% 28% 27U*
bt L Southwest pfd 3,000 61% 60% 61
If £", ;• 29.900 1C8 166 1«7%
St Paul pfd ion lDlVi 1<»11£ lilnL*
Southern Pacific r. 27.^S %$ %*
Southern Ry ...... 2^,700 34% 33*4 33%
Texas & Pacific... 2.100 ' 42 41>i 41V,
Tol St L& West... .".00 2lV 21 "OV
-TolSt L & W pfd. im 3$J 1 7% ?$*
i-n- o aCifi ° 29 - 9<J0 101 % 100% 101-
I mon Pac pfd 800. 87% 87% 87%
"abash 2 20O -24 vtv Sii^
waba fh pfd .:::: s:^ «% «k* %\
Wheeling & L E..' 600 20% 20 20vt
¦ & L E 2nd pfd. 700 33% 33 32%
Wisconsin Central. ' 1,900 24% 23'4 24"
Wis Central pfd.. 2.200 47*4 46*! 47
Express companies—
Adams .........." ' - odrt
American \ MVA '" '" 2*7
United States < ......:... ';'.' '" . JY5
%V fi! S ar 8° •••-•- 100 203 >(. 203% 202
Miscellaneous — . - . .
Amal Copper 64.400 «7V. (14% 67U
Am Car & Foundry. 2.9O0 28% 28% 28%
; Am Car 4c -F pfd. . 200 . 89 j-fl** &>**
Am Linteed Oil S00 23% 23 2°U
Am L .Oil pfd..... ... J00 -. 63'^ 53^ 50 "
Am Smelt &. Hef..-- 400 47 47* 4691
AmSm&HeXpfd:;...:. .;. ¦ ¦ • 97
I Anaconda Min Co.. 1.100 119 lie 116%
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. 3.200 "65% 64^. : «4%
Colo Fuel &Xrcn.. -3.600 98%' 97% 97%
Con Gas l.M0^S2S\t 224% 224%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 200 M20% 120% 119
Genei al Ehctric ' : .. . 600 329 328 327 %
Hocking Coal ...„.-; ' 400 ¦ 21 " 20% 20%
S:Ssrriri:::::.::r. - 1% 2l * m
National Biscuit: . . ,1 ' 10Q . . 5O5S 60% 5O%
National Salt . -.»iv.--. ...'¦¦ ... 3 * '
National Salt pfd. ,<..:.... '-..-.' ... 69%
North American ..:.- 3,400 12b Vi- 124% 127
! Pacific Coast ..;.... . ... 71
j Pacific Mall .; : ... 41
, People's Gas 2,200 102% 101% 102
Pressed Steel Car.. • • 300 "41% 41 41
j Pressed S Car pfd. '.....;... ~- .. 83%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 23»»4 238% 235
Republic Steel .... 1,600 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 800 73' 72% 72%
Sugar 22,900 133% 131% 132V4
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3,900 69 ,67V 4 68
Union Bag & P Co. 100 16% 'I l(5ii ' 17
Un Bag&P Co pfd .'..' ... K
U S Leather 1,000 13 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd... 1,200 84% 83% 83%
V. S Rubber 100 17 17 17%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 60 60 59M>
U S Steel 27.100 41% 41 41%
U S Steel pfd 9.500 93% 93 93%
Western Union- ... 1.S00 90% 90 90%
Am Loco 1,900 32 31% 31%
Am Loco pfd 300 93>i 93 93
K C Southern 22%
K C Southern pfd. 900 ' ¦ 56 55 5314
Total sales. 785.300 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s rear ...lOaft-L & N unlf 4s. ..102%
U S ref 2s, coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s... 84%
V S 3s reg ..108%- Do 1st lnc 33 Vi
U S 3s coup ....109% Minn & St L 48.104V*
U S new 4s reg.. 139 iM K & Texas 4s.lOO%
U S new 4s coup. 139 Vi- Do 2ds 7a
V S old 4s reg. ..Ill IN Y Cen lets io:{i<;
-U S old 4s coup.. Ill I Do gen 3%s ...109
U S 5s reg ......107 !N J Cen Ken 58.140%
U S 5s coup ......107 -Northern Pac 4s. .105
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% ! Do 3s ... 74%
Do adjust 4s...-94%.'Norf & W con 4s 101 4fc
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO2%,Readlng gen 4s ..' 99
Do 3%s 96 jStL&I M con 5s. 116
Do conv 4s ....108%'St L & S F 4s. 101
Can South 2ds ...109 .gt L S W lsts . 100U
Central of Ga 5e. -11J I Do 2ds 8P
Do 1st lnc f 88V1 San A & A P 4s.. 91%
Che s & Ohio 4%8.108%-Southern Pac 4s. 95
Chi & Alton SVis. 84%|Southern Ry 5s ..122%
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Texa 8 & Pac lsts 121 H
C M&StP gen 4s..ll5% Tol St L & W 4s 82
C & N W con 7s. 136% Union Pacific 4s..lO5-«
C R I & P 4s. ...113 Do conv U ... 107%
CCC&St L. gen 4s.lO3V4 Wabash l»ts .. 120
Chi Term 4s .... 00% D o 2ds 110%
Colo & South 4t.i 94% Do deb B 77%
Denver & R G 4s. 103% West Shore 4s 113
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO%fW & L Erie 4s.. 92
Do gen 4s 87aijWinconsin Cen 4s. 93
Ft W & D C lsts.112 Con. Tob 4g ... finy,
Hocking Val 4%s.llOV4 l J
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2O.Llttle Chief ... 11
Alice ... 50 Ontario .... s 25
Breece ... 50 Ophir " 87
Brunswick Con . . 10 Phoenix ' U g
Comstock Tumiel . . ' 05 Potosl " 13
Con Cal & Va..'..l 20 Savage "* oi
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada "" 20
Horn Silver .....1 40 Small Hopes .*" 45
Iron Sliver 75 Standard ... "315
Leadville Con ... 03 .... .0 00
EOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — , .. ¦ I Mining —
Call loans .......4 @3| Adventure . oo^
Time loar« . 4V4©3jAHouez '. "gi?
Bonds— Amalgamated .!!60%
Atchison 4s. 103 Baltic 61V
Gas iBta ... .86 Blngham ..'.'.'.'." 28
Mexican Cent 4s.. 84 Calumet & Hecla 60<l '
N E Gas A Coke. 55% Centennial "f "^6%
Railroads— ¦ •; .- Copper Range..:! 91
Atchson .;•••••• «§* Copper Rng Con. 61%
Atchison pfd..... 9i% Dominion Coal. 137
Boston. & Albany i2G3% Franklin ..11%
Boston Elevated.. 168 Isle Royale " ' 141?
NY. N H &. H..224 Mohawk . . '. 35 if.
Union Pacific 100% Old Dominion .'.'.'.' 2Ui
Mexican Central.. 30 Osceola ... . 62
Miscellaneous — Parrot .. ..' "•'¦' »8 '
American Sugar. .132 Quincy """"125
Am Sugar pfd 119"4 Santa Fe Copper* 2%
Am Tel & Tel...l82Vi Tamarack 180
I>om Iron & Steel. 67 Vi TrlmounUIn "" 98
General Electric. .328 Trinity " " 13 K
Mass Electric... 4lVi United States"" 20%
Mass Elec pfd.... 97 Utah . ou " es "-- £{*•
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Victoria .;."""" Kit
United Fruit..... 104% Winona ?v
U S Steel..: 41 hi Wolverine '.'. 5414
U S Steel pfd.... 03# Daly West ..." 45 xt
Westlnghs* Com. .110 . " :'l}. ™
LONDON' CLOSING' STOCKS.':,"',- r
Consols for money Louisvl & Nashvl I19?t
94 9-16 Mo. Kans & Tex. 25Vi
Consols for account Mo, K & T pfd .65%
........... .94 11-10 New York Cent, a67 '
Anaconda i.\: 6% Norfolk & Wstrn. 58Vi
Atchison .... 80 V- Nor & West pfd. 92
Atchison pfd 100 Ontario & West 33 V,
Bait & Ohio 108% Southern Ry.. ... 34a?
Canadian Pac!nc.ll6>,!: Southern Ry pfd. 97Vi
Cbes & Ohio 47% Southern Pacinc.^7%
Chgo G Western.. 24%; Union Pacific:... :03a*
Chgo; M & StP.171V4 Union Pac pfd... 90
Denver & R Or.. 44%|U S Steel........ 42%
Den & R O Pfd.. 94 JU S Steel pfd..:. 93
r ErleJ - • • »7% Wabash .......... 24 hi
Krlel«t pfd...... 70 Wabash pfd 45 .
Erie 2d pfd.".'.... 55% Spanish 4s 731;
Illinois Central... 14«
' Bar silver. »teady, 24»id per ounce. .
Money. 2*6&2% per cent. ¦ ¦¦. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 1-16 p«r cent.
The, rate of discount In the open 'market for
three-months' bills is 2% per cent- ' '- -, I- ,
Nezv Yor'ii Grain and. Produce:
¦.SEATTLE,: April ;. 11.— Clearings, ' $449,216;
balances, $49,502: ;v ? ~ ' '• .'. ..
$ : PORTLAND,. .April'^11.— Clearings. $631,S17:
balances, $167,684; •-'-': •:--.• -..:<- : v .
SPOKANE,.^. April j 11;— Clearings,^ $260,416;
balances,'. $40,182."»v-. ¦.. : •'.¦•-¦. '-':' ¦-.
TACOMA, Apr Jl« r^ 11.— Clearings,
balances, $45,170.;. ;' ! : . '
Northern ; B iisiness.
Butter is stacking up and quotations are de
clining in consequence. The Portland market
}s now under this, hence the Sound and British
Columbia have transferred their orders to that
market, : though yesterday's steamer took out
7886 pounds.' The loss of this northern business
will make considerable difference ' here. The
Exchange yesterday, after .considerable discus
sion* and a -leristhy consideration of the- situa
tion, reduced its prices all around; making the
new quotations as follows: Creameries, 17@I8c;
dairies,' 15@17c; store, 15c.' The- commission
houses also sold lower, and still were far from
cleaning up. " ¦¦¦'• : ¦ ; ,: • V ¦¦ ¦ V '
Cheese .remains unchanged, [ with J plenty on
hand and coming: in. -
Receipts of Eggs are running so large that
they excite considerable comment. The mar
ket is too heavily supplied, and the feeling is
weak, with a general disposition to sell. The
Exchange reduced its quotations to 13@14c for
ranch and 12%@l.'ic for gathered.
Receipts were 94,400 pounds, 77 tubs and 1
bbl of Butter, 2205 cases of Eggs, . 21,700
pounds of California Cheese and 30,000 pounds
of Eastern Cheese. - /
BUTTER — Creamery, 19c per ' pound • for
fancy, 17@18c for firsts and for seconds;
dairy, 15(&17 1 /4c; store Butter, 15c per pound.
CHEESE — New. 8®10c; old. 9®llc; Young
America. s@10c; Eastern, 13@)15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 13^0150; store, 12%@13c per
dozen: • • ' • .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
boiled and 64c for raw. -in barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels. 9Oc; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 5~Vi@6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, In. barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish- Oil. barrels, 42Vac; cases, 47%c: Co
coanut Oil. barrels. t3%c for Ceylon and S8^o
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL, In bolk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: .Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c;. Elaine. 23c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized . stove Gasoline. In bulk. .13 14c;
in cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, itUc; in cases.
21c; Sti-degree Ga3ollne. in bulk. 20c; In cases.
2C^c. .
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases 1 and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes . as follows, per pound, in 10O-lb
bagaf Cubes, "A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c: . Powdered, . 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.U5c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
'Beet Granulated <10O-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. ,1S5c;
Extra C, ' 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.5Sc;
borrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. .]. ,
FOR FRIDAY. APRIL 11.
Flour, qr sks.. 13.270 Feed, sks 70
Wheat, ctls 16.180 Shorts, sks .... 250
Barley, ctls .... 8,415 Tallow ctl3 ... 220
Oats, ctls ..... «io! Pelts, bdls..... 1.75.1
Beans, sks SO!* Hides.. No 3S2
Corn, ctls «5 Quicksilver, flks «5
Rye. ctls 72," j Leather, rolls .. M
Potatoes, sks... 1.073 Wine, gals .... 47 loo
Onions, sks .... ::t) Brandy, gals .. 1,300
Hay, tons 2S9 Lime, bbls .... 3'U
Bran, ska 1,550 Chicory bbls... 25
Middlings, sks.. 40ti Sugar, ctls .... 1,573
W09I, bales 301
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Wheat dull, but steady. Barley and Oats ditto.
Corn and Rye inactive at the familiar quotations.
Hay and Feedstuff s remain as previously quoted.
Beans no lower, but depressed and didl..
Butter and Eggs declining under excessive stocks.
Provisions losing their grip at Chicago and very dull
Dried Fruit, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Meat market as before quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables selling off zvcll.
Poultry and Game in moderate receipt and firm.
Oranges firm, Bananas higher and Apples steady.
Nothing lien* in local stocks and bonds.
$1,2S@1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 35c@$l per
box; extra, fancy, $1 25; Green Peas. 2@2Vic:
String Beans, , from Los Angeles. 8@12%c, in
cluding wax; Cabbage.- 40c per ctl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, ,75c@$l 25 per.box and $1@1 25 per
crate; Mexican Tomatoes,- 75c@$l 25 per box,
including repacked; Dried Peppers, 10® lie per
lb; LosAngeles do, 13@17i,4c; Dried Okra. 12Vi
@20c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 50c&$l per doz for small and
$1 25S1 50 for large; Garlic, lV^SVic; Lo?
Angeles Green Peppers, 12 Vic: Mexican" do. ' S#
10c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 17y.@20c;
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75e@$l 23;
Marrowfat Squash. $10@15 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms/nominal.
Poultry and Game.-
Another car of Eastern Poultry was placed
on - the ; market yesterday, making the third
since Monday. The market was firm under
moderate receipts, and all descriptions moved,
off well.
Game sold a little better at previous prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14e for Gob
blers . and 13@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 SO; Ducks, *j w
$0 for old and $7@S for young; Hens, $4 50iy
tJ; young Roosters, $6 C0@7 50; old Roosters,
$4 50&5: Fryers, $5 50@tt; Broilers, $5© 5 30
for large and $2@3 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 50
@1 75 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
- GAME — Hare, $1: Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese. 75cf5:$l 25: _Brant, $1 20@2 per dozen;
Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe,
$1 50.
London* Market.
NEW YORK. April 11.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London, financial cablegram says:
Stocks were v^ry . confident to-day, in the
expectation of peace. • Insiders were specula
tlvcly buying Kaffirs freely, but the public
continued shy. Consols .closed fl-16 - up at
94 11-16. Americans began flat and remained
idle. New York was a moderate buyer in the
afternoon. In the street these shares were"
firm except Union Pacific, which broke. "
To-day's feature was Louisville and Nash
ville. Five hundred shares changed hands at
119%, then the price dropped to 117%. and
hung around 118 ¦ most of the day. In the
street the price bounded to 119%, closing at
119VJ. Arbitragers still avoid dealing in the
shares. .
Copper soli at 5.5% the ton and Rio Tintoa
were !i up at 44%.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 'It. — Money on call, firm,
at 4@5 per cent: closing offered at 4 per cent..
Primp mercantile paper,- 4>/» l S ; 5Vi '. per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
54 ttf@l S5V* for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 88 and $4 S8V4- Commercial bills. $4 84Mift>
4 fc5»L>. Bar silver, 53%c. Mexican dollars,
43c. Bond* — Governments, .firm; -States, In
active; railroads, irregular.
, Condition of the Treasury. %
WASHINGTON, April.il.— To-day's, state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $177,755,571; gold,
$94,227,510. •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Failures for [the week numbered 198 in • tne
United States, . against .203 last year, and 19
in Canada, against '24 .last year. ',-iJ •.'->* tri*
Not only piglron. but bars, billets and struc
tural shapes are all- sold so far ahead that
business Is comparatively light,- although con
sumers were ready, to absorb any .early, deliv- :
cries that might be offered. It is the excep
tion when order .books are not filled for full
capacity well toward the end of 1902. ;-..¦¦.'?¦-#.
Wheat moved within narrow limits.' 'West
ern receipts for the week .were 1,722,542 bush
eis against 2,009,042 bushels, a '.year -ago; anfl
the total for the crop year. Is igradualiy;f ailing
back to last, year's -figures. .... Lower: prices' stim-.
ulated exports for -,a time; , but shipments . of
wheat and flour'from all ports ;bf the United
States during . the :: week, .were only" ! V3.'487,700
bushels against 4,970,810. bushels last- year.
¦Manufacturing is exceptionally active in lines
not disturbed by strikes and there is a,vigror- ;
0119 movement of goods through regular' chan
nels.- . : i *' .' ' ¦'*"'•¦': • '•' -¦--' V. 1 '-'-;.
:. NEW YORK. April .11.— R. G. Dun & jCo.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow 'will; say:
Good ! news c predominated j in : the business world
notwithstanding" two v somewhat 'serious .draw
backs. ; Weather, conditions have been • unsat
isfactory at many points,' retarding retail dis
trltution and delaying • outdoor j.. work, .while,
excessive rain, has put many. Southern, plan
ters behind with work in the cotton fields. Still
more of a handicap is the 'strife between wage
earners and employers.- . ' >'
W NEW YORK, April 11.— The' cotton market
.¦opened steady, with; prices 10@14- points, higher
and closed barely steady, with prices ' net : 1@8
points lower. -i ; -,3: >.'.-;. ./ ;''
New York .¦ Cotton market.
'¦ The local iron market was steady to firm in
tone, but . unchanged. 1 : PIgiron warrants con
tinue' more or less nominal. No. 1 foundry
Northern, $10@2O; -. No.. 2 1 foundry \ Northern.
?1S@1U; No. 1 • foundry Southern, $17 50® 18;
No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $17 50@18.
'.-The English markets were higher, with Glas
gow at.53s.Sd and Mlddlesboro at 47s lO&d.
'.;¦-. Copper ; was firmer , in tone here, but un
changed; with lake quoted at 12c to 12^ic,
electrolytic at 12V&C • and .casting at : 12c.,. At
London the closing price was 5s higher, j with
spot and j futures J at £53 7s t5d~ '
1 Lead was firm here: at 4 V&c and London ad
vanced Is 3d to £11 10s. '• '¦:
' Spelter ¦ wai firm ¦ locally at 4.45c. London
.was unchanged at £17 15s. -:> . ...
i NEW YORK, Aoril . 11.— An advance of
about 25 points on the inside price for pig tin
in the local market and a flrni close followed a
gain of 12s 6d at London^ < that market closing
with I spot at £125 v7s 6d and " futures | at £123
7s | b'd.- ,;. New 1 York . closed j at 27.70c ; to 27.75c
for spot. ¦:. •¦ ¦"•".'• ' '
New . YJrk Metal (Market
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
and heifers,'': $1 25@6 50; veals." $3@5. 75; stock
eis-and-feeders,-$2@5 25.
,' HOGS— Receipts, '3900; 10c higher. Light
and light mixed/ $6 70@7;: medium and heavy,
$6 95@7 15; plgs,-$4 25@5 50. ' '','• ¦ .'¦:
- SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. i Steady. Western
lambs. $6@G 75; Western sheep, $4 40@6.
the '.week ¦ number > 182, : against . 178 last week,
265 in this week last year, 152 In 1900 and 213
In' 1899. : Failures In ! Canada , for .the 0 week
nunibe 26, as against 18 last week, 25 in this
week a year ago and 35 In 1900. : . ¦ •' .?
THE SAN FBANCISCO GAEL, SATURDAY, APRIIi 12, 1902.
Dun's Revieiv of Trade.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market 1 .
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
11
Articles » Open. - Hlprh. Low. Close.
AVheat No. 2 — : ¦•¦¦•
May 724 73 . 71% ¦_ 72*i
July 73 7H%. 72V&.'. / 73Vj
September ..... ¦ 72% 73^4 72% -73^
Corn No. 2— .' •.'•*-.-.
May ... 60% - 60 . 5S»i ;. 59%
juiv :. .; 503i ",eov5 59Vfc ; > (jo v;
September , B0V4 59H 58^' B9^
Oats No. 2 — ' ' - ¦' ' ' : '
May 42 - 42»i 4Ui -41%
July. »4Vb :J ?•*% "--33%;.; 3414
September . . . V. 28 % 20TJ : 28% 2f>%
Mesa Pork, per barrel — ;¦¦ • ;• .
16 62% 16 70 1G fi2& 16 (55
July A..;.;-... :16 8*V4 1« 8T%'10-S0 M6 82Va
I.ard, per 100 pounds— . - - •"
May 0 70 ¦ 0 7214 » <KVi « 6" Vj
July ...... .:..'. 9 SO . 0 82y. 9 77& !> 77>>
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — £
May .....: 8 07«/a 9 00 8 97»i 8 »7Vi
July .....: 9 10 9 15 9 10 ' f) 1215
September ..... 9 20 9 22>4 ; 9 27% 9 20
etat:
>NS.
o
3
a g o 25
??g ij 5i «
3BB3 3»- ¦„ T
U if r§ ?" s
storia
laker
arson
:ureka
'resno
lagsta
'ocatell
. .30.1*
. .30.00
.3K.04
.:W.2«
.^it.OS
.29.S4
..:jo.oi(
52 4S SW Rain .12
60 32 X Cloudy .00
•Mi 3S W Clear .00
08 42 W Pt.Cldy .12
T2 44 N*W Clear .00
<?2 2ti SW Oear .00
S-' S Pt.Cldy .00
PF
lot-
I .
.29.JM)
.:;o.m
.29.TS
72 40 W Clear .00
«>6 50 W Clear .00
86 50 N'W Clear .00
V<
B
S;
Sr
F-c.
8
S:
ga
S|
N
V,
V,
id
IBS
rg
i-nt
akc
anc
Obi
fee
i.e .
Ba>
\Y:
mu<
ito .
e
Cisco,
ispo.
JO
y ...
: ail&.
icca .
.30.12
.30.14
.30.18
.30.10
.2t».0S
..30.2<l
.30.14
.21). 98
.30.02
..30.00
..30.00
. .30.04
..23.98
. .23.S0
02 34 S Cloudy .01
«i « S ' Pt.Cldy .00
<Hi 42 SW Cloudy .02
60 44 SE - Clear .00
58 3S XW Cloudy .00
MS 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
TO 48 W Qear .00
«4. 54 . SW Clear .00
58 34 S Rain .02
«2 2S SW Cloudy .00
52 30 E\V Cloudy .:>&
C4 32 SW Pt.Cldy <.00
60 42 NW Cloudy .00
90 58 W Clear .00
Articles » Open. - Hlprh. Low. Close.
AVheat No. 2 — : ¦•¦¦•
May 724 73 . 71% ¦_ 72*i
July 73 7H%. 72V&.'. / 73Vj
September ..... ¦ 72% 73^4 72% -73^
Corn No. 2— .' •.'•*-.-.
May ... 60% - 60 . 5S»i ;. 59%
juiv :. .; 503i ",eov5 59Vfc ; > (jo v;
September , B0V4 59H 58^' B9^
Oats No. 2 — ' ' - ¦' ' ' : '
May 42 - 42»i 4Ui -41%
July. »4Vb :J ?•*% "--33%;.; 3414
September . . . V. 28 % 20TJ : 28% 2f>%
Mesa Pork, per barrel — ;¦¦ • ;• .
16 62% 16 70 1G fi2& 16 (55
July A..;.;-... :16 8*V4 1« 8T%'10-S0 M6 82Va
I.ard, per 100 pounds— . - - •"
May 0 70 ¦ 0 7214 » <KVi « 6" Vj
July ...... .:..'. 9 SO . 0 82y. 9 77& !> 77>>
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — £
May .....: 8 07«/a 9 00 8 97»i 8 »7Vi
July .....: 9 10 9 15 9 10 ' f) 1215
September ..... 9 20 9 22>4 ; 9 27% 9 20
etat:
>NS.
o
3
a g o 25
??g ij 5i «
3BB3 3»- ¦„ T
U if r§ ?" s
storia
laker
arson
:ureka
'resno
lagsta
'ocatell
. .30.1*
. .30.00
.3K.04
.:W.2«
.^it.OS
.29.S4
..:jo.oi(
52 4S SW Rain .12
60 32 X Cloudy .00
•Mi 3S W Clear .00
08 42 W Pt.Cldy .12
T2 44 N*W Clear .00
<?2 2ti SW Oear .00
S-' S Pt.Cldy .00
PF
lot-
I .
.29.JM)
.:;o.m
.29.TS
72 40 W Clear .00
«>6 50 W Clear .00
86 50 N'W Clear .00
V<
B
S;
Sr
F-c.
8
S:
ga
S|
N
V,
V,
id
IBS
rg
i-nt
akc
anc
Obi
fee
i.e .
Ba>
\Y:
mu<
ito .
e
Cisco,
ispo.
JO
y ...
: ail&.
icca .
.30.12
.30.14
.30.18
.30.10
.2t».0S
..30.2<l
.30.14
.21). 98
.30.02
..30.00
..30.00
. .30.04
..23.98
. .23.S0
02 34 S Cloudy .01
«i « S ' Pt.Cldy .00
<Hi 42 SW Cloudy .02
60 44 SE - Clear .00
58 3S XW Cloudy .00
MS 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
TO 48 W Qear .00
«4. 54 . SW Clear .00
58 34 S Rain .02
«2 2S SW Cloudy .00
52 30 E\V Cloudy .:>&
C4 32 SW Pt.Cldy <.00
60 42 NW Cloudy .00
90 58 W Clear .00THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ APRIL 12, 1902.
12
IVCSIXESS C1IANCES— Contlnncd. j
A — S - v Near the Calf" building. 1
MARION GRIFFIN, «U» Market fct.. rms. 1-2.
- , Telephone Black 1-8-0-,'i.
BUSINESS CHANCES A SPECIALTY.
A grocery etore for $700. nice corner: rent
$17; 3 living rooms.
Grocery and bar. $300; rent $2.">.
Saloon, rent tfti>; dally sales §2J: ?S00. i
A fine meat market for $1200: 2 horses. 2 ]
! wagons; fine fixture?; rent $45: dally saK-i»*i6 j
Transfer business; :i wagons, 5 horses; (
$13Su; rent *15: good business.
Delicacies, bran :!i bakery, 3 r.. rent;*15.f2TS
Branch bakery, clearin; »4u month .?^jO i
Fir.e ciijar stand: clears ?70: price $:525
Grocery, 3 living rooms; clears $!.«.
! Grocery , and bar. (SOU; daily sales f 12 to ?1*».
Restaurant, clears f 150. on Marker st.
A — $800: BRANCH bakery, dairy produce an.l
delicatessen: fine store; trand location: I
living-rooms; low rent: clearing t;100 per
month; trial allowed before buying. K. |
I KENNY, 7» Third st. J __._.__1_ '
A—$s.:jQ; PAUTNElTin cash grocery and liquor
store; established 10 years; lull value in
sight: one of iirm retiring; remaining partner
thoroughly understands the business. K.
KENNY, 75 Third St. '
I A— IK you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
' yard, rcutes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate busfnees or wanua ;>artner In any fair- 1
..avlns bCTrtnew see K. KENNY. 75 ahird st.
Cash customers waiting: established !M>b.
PARTNER wanted in one of the best paying j
tTer.eral stores near San Francisco; stock in ;
i excellent condition; class of business un-
equaled: a fine opportunity for the right
party; no agents need apply. Box 1506. Call.
FOR~sale — Bakery, confectionery, stationery,
notions; 4 rooms partly furnished; low rent;
! cstablithf-.d 20 years; selling cause of sick-
j ness. A. BOEKNER, 12t>4 Folsom St.
TO let — Good corner restaurant, partly fur-
nished; rent cheap; also bakery, furnished; I
good chance for baker. 1535 or 1520 Seventh
et. (formerly Webster). West End, Alameda. I
I MADE a good strike laet summer 300 miles 1
from Nome. Alaska; I want to make |
i up a party to go back there in 1
May; parties must have $350 to defray
your expenses; plenty of rich ground not yet
staked. For particulars address or call on 1
CHAS. R. KAISER. Chicago Hotel, West j
Berkeley. Cal. ¦_ •
TO oil land speculators or drillers.
I Fcr one-third Interest in 320 acres of U. S.
i patented lands; derrick, machinery and
houses upon said lands to sink a well 1500 I
f e»t deep. Address Oil Lands Co.. room W4 ;
; Parrott building. S25 Market St.. S. F., CaL
! AN established paying mtdicai specialist's busi-
ness for *a»e at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
lures etc.. all so; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
itfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
' MILLINERY store for sale In" best town In
Eastern Orecon; £700 down, $700 on easy
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons fcr selling. Address P. O. box 170.
Sumpter. Or.
1 $400— ELECTRIC repair and locksmith shop;
established 10 years. Box 4S58. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
: 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
7- room modern Hat; reduced to $525 |
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 700 '.
8-rooni flat; snap; Geary st 200 !
100 rooms; Market St.; clears $350 6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000 :
J> rooms; clears $40; just listed 450 !
35 rooms; near Market; snap... 2100 :
125 rooms; clears ?450; only '. 7000 :
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500 j
9 rooms; sunny corner: a beauty; only 375 '
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. ."50 J I
20 rooms; clears $75; only .. .. 350 !
40 rooms; clears $103 SOO i
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531. I
906 Market St.. corner Ellis.
$500 — 8 ROOMS; clears $75; big transient
_ trade. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
i A— C. D. DAVIS. " '• T~
1 Room 63. Tel. Bush 270.
Columbian Building. Opp. Emporium.
- The Leader
—In— ,
Rooming-Houses and' Hotels.
If you want to invest in a good
rooming-house or hotel why don't
you see C. D. DAVIS? .
FOR Rent — 29 rooms; fine sunny corner; make
ewell boarding-house; rent $150; long lease.
C. D. DAVIS. ;
A — I HAVE bargains coming all the time; It
will pay you to visit my office once a day.
C. P. DAVIS.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and S Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; al! sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
13 r. : rent $55; elegant piano; Al loc.... $1125
14 r.: fine residence; first-class every way. 1200
6 r.; mod. flat; new fur.; 2 mo.; reduced. 500
20 r.; Al loc.; gcod fur., carp.; clears $100 1900
53 r.; total expense of house $175; aparts. 2900
Money Leaned. 1% per cent.
¦WINSTON & WOLFE.
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) .
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central 1650 !
38 rooms; rent $S0: money-maker 2250 I
31 rooms; rent $100; Just listed 2100 J
'. 22 rooms : tent $70; part cash 1300 I
15 rooms; rent $65; good furniture 1000 {
! :» rooms; rent $80; N. of Market 2000 j
I 63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this
j fOO other houses on our list to select from;
J telephone Jessie 2211.
1 GEOP.GE W. BROWN, 7S3>-6 Market St.,
i • Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan. ;
I IS rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur. .$1600 i
j 17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house.. 900 ¦
i It rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000 !
! 10 rooms; corner bay-window bouse; yard.. 850 |
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100. 1100
We offer any of the above on payment*.
WANTED — A 15 to 20 roomed house; must be
reasonable; north side. 783% Market, room 3.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $lS00 '
3<; rrr-s. ; mechanics' hotel: man and wife. 100«t ;
IS nns.: 3d St.; always filled; rent $70.. 800
300 rmy. ; corner house for men 5C00
50 rms. ; of flees and rooms: low rent S200
35 nns>. ; Howard; rent only $05; terms. 1400
4*t rrns. ; man house; rent $45; bargain.. 700
Money leaned at 1 per cenC
Hotel):, horses and fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
S50 Market Et.— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A — Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71!) Market St.," rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodiring-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
*
McBRIUE & CO.. 7C5 Market— Some bargains.
?l<;r.n — 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375 — 19 rooms; Jackson; good and easy work.
$7Cn) — 17 rooms; Jones: nice business.
$1SC — 7 rooms; 3d st. Money to loan- on lodg-
ing houses: 70 mere houses; bargains; choicer.
14-ROOM house; a sacrifice if sold before April
16; house just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with entirely new furniture through-
cut. Apply rooms 228-227. Parrott building,
fifth floor.
I LODGING-HOUSEfi and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers: larg: list; call and investi-
gate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.'
017 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and Cth.
BOARDING-HOUSE, 6 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; steady boarders; must sell; owner
leaves; any reasonable price accepted. 462
Clementina st.. near Sixth. ¦ :--.-•',
A — NOTICE — We have roomlng-houses.all sizes
ard prices. In ail parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market.
ROOMING house of 15 rooms for sale; reason-
able; all full; good reason for Belling. ' Apply
223 Fourth st.^ cor. t Tehama. _¦
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to. SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing "Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd.;upholster-
lng.1213 Market. bet8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
•renovated, relald. 104 14th st.: tel. Capp S524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1*03 Harrison »t.; tel. Mission 263.
CITY StePtn Carpet-beating Works. G.' H.
STEVENS. M*t # , 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 320 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 40.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
I 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
i J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
• vatlr.g Co.. 240 14th at.; tel. Mission 74. -
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~^charge
unless successful. . .Room 310. 927 Market st.'
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
; MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
coreet-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
: DOG HOSriTALsT^T
DK.' CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by ; druggtet*
or at the Hospital, MO Golden Gate ave.
EMPLOYMENT^WANTED— .FEMALE; |
TRAINED nurse, with "city references,- desires j
• situation as companion and • attendant ¦ to ln-
. valid lady, or would travel with invalid; $30
to. $50 per month and expenses. : Box 4901,
.Call: office.. ; • - -- ¦¦-,."¦' , : •-'. '¦ . ' ¦
RELIABLE woman wants situation • as -chil-
dren's nurse or - companion to- elderly lady:
; flrst-class references;, willing to assist with
. housework and- sewing.*; .120 Fourth st.
POSITION : wanted by ; a . flrst-class seamstress ;
willing to help with other • light duties;
wages $25. Address box 4902, Call '' office: .
TWO! American women' from" the East would
like a position together. on a ranch. ' Call at
11 Polk st. '-..-' •.;..¦" ¦- ¦ '. ."
RELIABLE woman wishes light housework;
. is neat and steady. Please call 770 Folsom.
WANTED— Position as wetnurse ; young wo-
. man. 609 Ivy ave. . ; : ¦ ¦' - " J *•¦"'¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50
£ to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. '. ; '
WANT, ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar.. 639 McAllister st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at ; Call branch office, 220O Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been -. established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ . .''.... ¦' ¦ • ' .-, , .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
GERMAN - man and wife, 'very ne.it, capable
• as man about - place,- gardener, etc. ; wife t«
first-class cook, both with most - excellent.
references," wish "¦ situations, ' either in city or :
- country, 'at $50. 'Can be seen at J. .F.I
CROSETT .& CO.'S. 334 Sutter st. ;
MIDDLE-AGED man. sober: and willing,
wants a place ;•' handy with tools; any kind
of hard work. - Address H." WICKS, 633
Sacramento st. .. . ¦ ".. .¦¦"¦:¦¦ J
WANTED— By man and wife of experience, a |
ranch or farm to rent or to take care; refer- j
. ences given; write for particulars. Address
N. P.. 50 San Pablo ave. . Oakland.
SITUATION wanted as wholesale traveler for
wlne3 and , spirits. Box 4S13. Call office. • j
WINE cellarman, experienced, best reference, j
. wants employment. Box 4619, Call office. j
MARRIED man, thoroughly understands farm- I
ing, . orchard and J vineyard work, wants to j
take' charge of place; good man with horses; >
grood references. P. D., 21% Harrison ave.,
, - off : Folsom st ¦"¦'.¦. . . I
YOUNG man, speaking English, German, some j
Spanish, with experience in buying and sell-
ing cattle, wishes situation." A. F. P., box |
4805, Call -office. ': ' • - "- I
HONEST, -, reliable young man wants position 1
on ranch, acquainted with all kinds of farm |
work: $35 per month and board. Box 4861,
Call office. ¦..-•'. ¦ j
YOUNG American with a thorough knowledge i
of the fruit and produce business; can furnish ,
Al reference as to ability. Address JOHN J.
SHEA, Baldwin House. ¦
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work same
place, city or country; man also farmer and
teamster. 153V& Third st., room 15. ; j
YOUNG, German wishes position as bartender 1
' in city or country; can give good references, j
Box. 4504. Call office. . ' •
i NURSE, with best of references; well liked by j
all; surgical or medical; rates $1 50 day. j
Box 4836. Call office... .
FIREMAN, wants position; seven years' ex- I
perience; best of references. - Box 4740. Call, j
1 JAPANESE, good cook, wants a situation In I
family in city- or country; wages 1 $6 up aj
week; references. K. U.,' 1 Chatham place, off '
Push st. - . . . ¦ ,1
JAPANESE,- nice boy. wants a position as |
schoolboy in small family. G.. SUNADA. 1 }
Chatham place, off Bush st. ; ¦ ' . . . j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 !
Valencia st. ' . j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions 1
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImora. >
— — ' — — » — — — — — — — — — — — !
~^~U~~~*~^^XA^jXi£A^^^
TH^^Wic^Tx'sa^^s^oTws^a^lf^rnia St.. I
San Francisco. Cal. .-has a subscribed capital j
of threo million dollars. Reserve fund. $100.- :
000. The only association in California with •
a permanent non-withdrawable capital." pro- J
. tecllng- investing shareholders from possible,
loss. . Earnings for 1901, 9- per cent. Guar- ,
antces, and' pays 6 per cent on $100 certlfi- ,'
cates. I withdrawable after ons year. Make
definite loan contracts. Interest low. . , i
Directors — A. A. Watklns. ' vice president !
> W. W. Montague & Co.. and president Board ;
of Trade, S. F. ; Charles R. Bishop,' vice,;
president Bank of California. S. F.. director !
. Savings and Loan Society, ¦ S. F., and Call-
fornta Title Insurance and Trust Co.. S. F. : 1
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— -Con.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO..... Phone Grant 185
..:.;. . ;.\ HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
I 2 head waitresses . : . . . V. ..... ... . : . . : .$35-$40
10 waitresses,' commercial and city hotels..
.-¦'. . . ....:•. .-.,... ....::..¦....... $20-^0
¦ 5 » waitresses, . springs and resorts. ...... .$20
' Chambermaids city and country ...... .$20
I Laundress.', city institution." .......... . .$20
Laundresses, country hotels ....... ;...;. $25
- 2 waitresses, ' institution, country - ... . . . .'.$20
Pastry cook, : hotel, city'.' '. .....$35
Cook, city, plain . place •*. .$30
• Mangle girl. Institution, city ........... $15
2 lunch waitresses ....'; 50c
....... ; . FAMILY,. DEPARTMENT .........
Housegirls, , country, $20-$25, see parties here;
,- cooks, housegirls, seconds girls, ' nursegirls,.
city and country, $1O-$3O .S ..;......:..
:C. R. HANSEN & CO. ./..... .429 Bush st.
¦ ; (Opposite. California Hotel and Theater.) >
NOTICE to female help looking for situations —
We can furnish you with work in some of the
best families in the city., or State to do al-
most any kind of work. : 'We want cooks,
. girls for housework/second girls! nurses, $25;
parlor , maids, waitresses for city and coun-
try hotels,, $20 to $30, and others at. the best
of wages, ; $20, $25, $30. and $35; over 200
. servants wanted at once for these places. ."J.
F.- CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.v
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO.; '¦". - '•- - ¦
502 Taylor st. ; ' phone Black 2194.
MRS. : KERR AND COZZENS.
Woman, general housework, city, $20; wo-
man • helper in kitchen, $20; chambermaid,
$18, room and board; waitress, city, $20.
ANDRE'S ..Office 316 Stockton st.
Chambetmald and do second work and answer
telephone, doctor's residence, $25. :;
OPERATORS on - gents' custom and stpek
shirts. 534 Valencia st. . .
GOOD talloress .- and button-hole -makers;
steady; good wages. AD. HOENIG, 819 Pest.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework and
baby; wages $12 per month. . 2404 Larkin st.
WANTED— A waitress at. 1700 Devisadero st.
GOOD^ waitrets wanted. 134 Third st.
GIRL wanted for " general housework. 2027
Vallejo st.,. between Laguna and Buchanan.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
HAIRDRESSING — Day and evening school for
' poor girls; trade guaranteed in 2 wks.; cost
"$4; manicuring, massage, bleaching, switches;
3 girls for private customers assured $50 per
mo.; bring ad. and get 50c discount. COL-
LEGE. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — By wholesale house, -young woman
, clerk; must be quick : and accurate at fig-
ures; one with knowledge of bookkeeping pre-
ferred; fair salary to start with: advance in
six months. Address in own handwriting,
"Wholesale,", box 4SC6, Call office. . • :.
BUTTON-HOLE makers on coats and vesta;
-. ' finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
tailoring; steady employment.- BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. , .
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. •:
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
. sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
St.. MR. DAVIS. -. ¦',. ' ; .'. ¦'.¦¦¦-
Scandinavian, German or French girl, light
housework; $18. 922 Chestnut, Alameda, nr.
Chestnut-st. stn., nar. gauge.or box 4845, Call.
HAIRDRESSER, manicurer . and chiropodist
wanted. Apply Emporium, the halrdresslng
department.. .•
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
underwear.. 6CC Mission St., third floor.
WANTED — Cook in private family; wages $30.
Apply 115 ¦ Beulah st. -
150 OPERATORS on ladles', waists to work in
factory. C50 Mission St., third- floor.
GIRLS, about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. • LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 22% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS. '
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
and where last employed. Box 4S07, Call.
IMMEDIATELY, flrst-class waitress; wages $25
¦ and rm. The Crocker. Pine and Leavenworth.
GIRL for general - housework. Inquire 1512
Polk st.
YOUNG girl to help with care of 2 small chll-
. dren. 469 Haight St., in rear. '
FINISHERS on cloaks wanted Immediately.
M/ SIMINOFF. 1228 . Market st.
WANTED— Girl to set type; steady Job to right
party. . IOCS Mission st. . •
GOOD position out of city;, lucrative. Box
4{>5i. Call office,
DRESSMAKER, waist hand and helper wanted
at 330 Sutter st. , . '
A — MURRAY & READY. ."...Phone Main 584S
.634-036 Clay Street... ."-•'..
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M ...•-
Nevada................... Salt Lake Division
FREE FARE
650 teamsters..' ." ... .300 rockmen
¦ 200 • laborers ... .50 drillers
6 carpenters' helpers..; 10 mason helpers
Extra gangs. Steel gangs
.... SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT
.... ..FREE FARE .
5 laborers, near city. $2 day; 3 laborers, $60;
5 miners, 8-hour shifts, $55 and found p. > la-
borers, surface work, mine, £10 and found;
furnace man. mine. $75; 30 quarry men, $W);
15 laborers, quarry- '
.....:.. SAWMILLS .: •••
Shingle sawyer, see boss here: circular saw-
yer; 10 laborers for woods, fare $1 50, $35 and
found; 15 men to learn to make ties; E>0 men.
handy with saw and ax, $35 and found; 10 la-
borers for sawmill, $30 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS
Foreman "for a quicksilver mine, see boss
here; foreman for a quarry, good wages;
blacksmith, no shoeing, country shop, $40 to
$50 and found; blacksmith shop, near city,
$2 50 day; 2 carriage painters; carriage wooa-
v worker; 3 boys, planing mill, $ti week; 5 boys
lo learn different trades; U teamsters, large
ranch. $30 and found ; 27 farmers for orchard
and vineyard, $26 to $30; buttermaker, run
separator, $35 "and found; milk wagon driver,
city, $35 and. found; driver, small Tnllk
wagon, country, $25 and found; 15 milkers,
different dairies. $30 and $35 and found; 6
choremen and boys; 5 stablemen, city and
country, $30. $40 and $50 and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
Cook for a club, $60 and found; porter. $9
week and room; cook, logging camp, Nevada,
¦ $40 and found; cook, small sawmill crew, $40
•¦ and found; « camp cooks, $40 and $60; night
cashier, $30 and found; first and second cook,
same place, country,' see boss here; 19 cooks,
other places, $35 to $60; 8 waiters, country; 3
bakers, 2 helpers; doorkeeper, institution, $10
and found; 32 kitchen hands, dishwashers,
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply, to Recrult-
.ing Officer. 121 New Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition; • successful candidates earn
$100 . to $300 mo. ; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.; ex. Sun., 569 8th st., Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Young man, experienced black-
Bmlth, country Job. J. H. DUTCHER.
Livermore, Cal.
-WANTED— Reliable man to invest $150 in a
light bufiners paying him more than big
wages. Inquire 1C16 Market St.. room 10.
100 BRIGHT boys to sell Sal. O. Nuts to-day at
the beach and on the streets; can make $2 a
' day. Call 1327 Market St., room 4, 10 a.m.
WANTED— Man of all work who understands
milking and care of horses. Call at 2016 Pa-
cific ave. in morning.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor;
wages and commission. 1125 Market st., bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
GOOD barber wanted. 248 Post st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1303 Cas-
tro st., near Twenty-fourth.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER wanted at 289 Seventh. st.
BARBER for to-day, $3 or commission; ICo
shop. S03 Kearny Et.
BARBER for. Saturday and Sunday." 414 Mont-
gomery ave.
COAT and pants maker for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Coatmaker for Eureka; steady Job.
. J. BAUMG.\RTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery.
COATMAKER and bushelman "for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED — A man with $300 to Join me in the
real estate business. Box 4903, Call office.
WANTED — Errand boy. 933 Market St., fifth
llocr.
.YOUNG man, willing to work for his educa-
tion. Calif ernla Business. College, 305 Larkin.
STRONG boy to drive wagon In wholesale
house; wages $20. Box 14S2, Oill office.
WANTED— Oyster opener at 567 Third st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
LUNCH waiter.. 6 Polk st.
HORSES A.'VU WAUOJ3.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every. Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SPAN of mules for sale; 7 years old; broke:
weight about 1050; suitable for camping. J.
H. DUTCHER. Llvermore. Cal. ¦
FOR sale. Santa Rcsa salesyard— Just arrived.
' several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harne??. 14DO Market, cor. 11th.
FOR SALE — Bay saddle horse, IS hands hig'.i;
four year3 old; sound and gentle. Address
P. O. bor 53, Emeryville. Cal. >
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden C»ate ave.
NO. 1 top wagon for butcher, baker or laun-
J dry: price $75. 319 Third St.; paint store.
Largest -stodt 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. anr~
rey.harnes»,work.drivlrg horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES 'TO^LET^
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for. cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. It Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms: 0 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. ¦ !______———_¦_—•
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A— FURNISHED residences and flats In all
parts of the city. $30 to $350: call to. see us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FULTON, 1553 — Handsomely furnished 10-room
house, near Panhandle; reasonable. Apply
between 2 and 4 p. m^ .
PACIFIC Heights residence. 7 rooms, bath,
modern furn.. piano; rent low, desirable par-
ty. 3 or 6 mos. com. Apr. 20. Box 4799. CalL.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence; furnished; T
rooms, bath; low rent to permanent tenant.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House or cottage of 8 or 4 room*,
bath and yard; state rent and "location. Box
.1578. Call office.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day; fine resi-
dence district: Portola st. off vr '^?*rJ>* t -
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORB. *3 Portola.
INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery it.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — 2 passbooks with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In th«
ncmes of RACHEL SAALFIELD and ROB-
ERT H. SAALFIELD (a minor); Nos. 258-
61S and 210-1525. The finder will please re-
turn to bank. ¦ -
LOST — On the night of March 29, bet. Third
and Townsend sts. depot, and 331 Fremont
¦ st.. a boy's open face silver watch, initialed
H. E. K. on back; link chain and charm;
liberal reward will be patd upon return to
318 Steuart st.
WILL the party who took mink boa from
Ivy Chapter Tuesday evening kindly retora
same to 2412 Mission st.. as they are known,
and avoid further trouble.
LOST — April 8. a sunburst, pearls and rubles.
Return to 1615A Howard st. ; suitable reward.
LOST— Small gold locket, between March 41
and April 5. containing a boy's picture and a
lock of hair; initials E. G. engraved on ont-
slde; $5 reward if returned to MRS. GISIN,,
3438 Sixteenth st. --^
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of- San Francisco, in the
name of MATEO HERRERA. No. 259-319.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Small purse containing diamond ring.
Finder will be suitably rewarded by return-
ing same to H. PAULSEN. 1839 EdJy st.
LOST — Tuesday night, diamond crescent. Re-
turn room 26. Hobart bldg. : liberal reward.
FOUND at Woman's Exchange, jeweled pin;
claimant must prove prop, and pay adver.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter >t.. need* o!d
gold and silver to make new watch, case*.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized : uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
tt.; tel. Bush 421. .
trass. Iron beds; mattresses: pillows: -window
ffcade*. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main 7'>O.
S. Prentlss Smith, late • assistant cashier
Bank, of California, 8. F., -director National
' Bank of D. O. Mills, Sacramento; George C.
'Boardman, General Aetna Insurance Co.. S.
F., ! director * San . Francisco/ Savings ' Union:
Charles E. Ladd of Ladd & TUton, bankers,
Portland. ...Or. ; Gavin McNab, attorney at
law; Clarence Grange, late Building and Loan
Commissioner of Montana. 1., ..
1 Trustee — Mercantile Trust , Company of
San Francisco. : • - .-
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; '.new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies . incor-
. porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
• and .bonds; sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac.- r Statea Minlng&Invest. Co., -320 Post.
',..^2. ¦¦/,:;': FL A T^^T < ?J^ T; > ¦ -
A NEW modern upper flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. Inquire at 1180 Stanyan st.
NEW modern sunny flats; ' yards and base-
ments; near Park.- 257 Carl St., nr. Stanyan.
AN elegant lower flat, 5 rooms and bath;
choice location. -1110 Gough St., near Ellis. -
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath: $18. 1181A Howard- st.
FLATS TO, LET-— FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE,' 1517—4 rms.; bath; gas range;
garden;. $25; lower flat," 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FLATS FOK SALE— KtRMSIIKl).
NEWLY furnished corner flat, 8 rooms and
bath; all bay windows; price $025. Call at
4lt5 Eddy St., corner Hyde. - ¦ :¦
', FURNITURE? FOR' SALE.
HOUSE of 5 sunny rooms and bath, suitable
for young married couple or office; call and
be convinced: rent $16 50;can-be occupied at
once; also the- furniture, nearly, new; must
be sold; cheap.. 215% Sixth : St. •-
AT CAVANAGH Furniture Co.. S4S and 850
Mission st. — Special Inlalti linoleum, 65c yard;
.. couches. $3; stoves," $5; -chairs, 35c: bed seta,
$8 and up; -1 rms. furn., oak, $4S, No. 7 stove.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $43 50. with No. 7
I range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
1 — , ¦
1 AMATEURS with dramatic ability; salary and
I expenses..- Box 4S0O. Call office.
! YOUNG girl to assist in housework.- 3190 Slx-
[ ¦ ff teenth St.. near . Guerrero. _ -'-,¦¦¦
j 500 : GIRLS, all sizes, for May - day. Aerial
j Park, Eleventh and Market sts. . ¦ . •
i WANTED — Girl for cooking, and downstairs
j . 1 work, v 1224 Golden Gate • ave. " '
I WANTED — Experienced shirt makers. . EAU-
j LESQN & CO.. 535 Market st. •
I TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
i hand speed class.. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 subscriptions has been established at 1096
j Valencia st. : •¦
' HELP WAKTED—MALE.
• BUGGY washer,- country stable, $30 and found;
ranch foreman, single ' man. $50 and found;
coachman, $30 and .found; stableman for
milkman, $35 and found: young German to
: drive milk wagon, $30 and found; choreman.
private family, $20 and found; 3 milkers, $30
and found; farmers, $25, $30 and $35 and
found; 2 farmers and milkers and. wives, $35
and $40 and found; cheesemaker, $35 and
found. J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 628. Sacra-
. T mento st. . - - - '
5 CARPENTERS, $3 50 day; -blacksmith, $2 50
j i day; . carpenter for sawmill, $70; 3 miners,
I $2 - 50to $2 75 day; millwright, $3 60 -day;
I shoemaker, piece werk^boys for box factory,
$5 to $0 week; boy for -mint- shop, $4 week
and increase; 5 laborers, %r mill, $26 to $30
- and found, fare advanced; "10 laborers for
city, $1 75 to $2 50 day;. • woodchoppers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento it. ' .;'- *.-'¦' '"" '. ¦ :
WAITER and wife for hotel, $65 to $60; butler
and: wife.' $00 to $65; steward, for country 1
hospital, $30 and found; restaurant cook, $70;
I restaurant second cook, $65; 2 lunch counter
\men. >$40; second cook,". $40; waiters, dlsh-
Wushers, porters and other- hotel and res-
taurant help. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
. Sacramento st. ." • . -••-.. ,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush st.
f At C. R. Hanson & Co.'s. .... ...429 Bush st.
............... For Nevada ....... ... . . . ...
......... .. : For Nevada
500 teamsters .$2 a day
YOUNG boy to learn confectionery. 1205 Polk
St.. E. HELKENBERG. '
WAITER "wanted. 108 Hayes st. '
$25 STARTS you making $3 to $5 daily; no
; canvassing. 935 Market st., room 12. . •
WANTED — Man with $75, take interest In res-
. taurant; $5a month. Strand, 2C9 Kearny st.
A NIGHT cashier wanted. 29 Stockton st.
BARBERS — Best 3-chair chop. In the city for
sale; good trade. ¦ Box 4S47, Cell office.
WANTED — Bright boy from 15 to ltt years of
age for stock boy. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m.>at»HALE BROS."
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. IT.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooj
between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over- 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply .it the Recruiting
"Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. ¦,- ¦• - .
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, lst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
• $1CO to $300 mo. ; salary & liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex. Sun.. 569 8th St., Oakland, Cal.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
ir.en need apply; technical man preferred; no
1 attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail .of experience and where. previously em-
ployed. . Box 4S10, CalL
WANTED — Solicitor for a large marine insur-
¦ ance company in city; must have flrst-class
- address, ability and large acquaintance
among merchants; salary and commission.
Box 4S63. Call office. .. ¦ ¦¦
WANTED — Experienced" men's - furnishing
goods salesman; one who is capable of tak-
injr charge of stock: state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply , box 4837, CalL
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman to handle
.... diamonds and watches; city store; first-class
salary and permanent position to right man.
Box 4S71, . Call office. .;,--.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers tn de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
I.EGE. 635 Clay St.. v. .
¦WANTED— Laborers and mechanics • to know
that Ed Rolkln, ' Reno House proprietor still
FURNITURE of 3-room flat for sale; almost
new; rent $12. '. S22A Natoma' st. " s'
FURNITURE WANTED. *
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
leasons. • WAUGH, r.- 415/ Examiner bldg. •
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 -Grant ave.
: HELP WANTED— FEMALE. _:;.
MRS. M. E. DAY '. ''. 'l '. ','. ''. \ \ \ \ "\ Phone"^Maln 1575
> ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .........
20 waitresses. •• flrst-clasg springs and resorts,
* $25;and-$20; 16 waitresses, flrst-claas com-
mercial and city hotels,' $20 and ?2u;i2 wait-
resses, commercial hotel, no uniforms neces-
sary, -$20, ; fares paid;, -3 chambermaids to
wait, $20;^middle-aged chambermaid, $20,
country .....'..¦...-.....:........¦.'.....'
• .... ... .'. -FAMILY DEPARTMENT . :. . . . . .
Cook, San Rafael, $30; houseglrl, Mill Valley,
$30; houeeglrls, city and country,'. best wages.
MRS/ M.- E. DAY. : . . . .;..... r.335 Geary st.
NEAT : young , saleslady for ;'. candy; store',".- $7
week to begin. : MRS. M. E. PAY, 335 Geary.
WANTED— Girl. or young woman to light
housework in Alameda; U- room cottage; 2 in j
. family; good. home for right person; wages
', $10 'per month. '- 2045 San 'Antonio ; ave.,: Ala-
¦• meda. ,.-. ¦ . .- • ,, - - ..: - >.- . ;
WANTED-rExperienced. operators, on women's
- waists;;- steady work; electric power; . good
.. ¦ pay.* • MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market: St.
TAILORESS,. vest -maker,' for country: steady
Job. -J.. BAUMGARTEN '.'&'CO:,\1 Mont-
gomery , st. .'.¦;,'.;"¦ '..-. '„¦ . W'V-'' •".?>¦'».¦-'.
WANTED— First-class | sewers on ladles' shirt
.waists, sun bonnets, skirts, etc. H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st. •.¦¦''.¦' ' '
1 OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-!
- sary. - LEVI STRAUSS & CO... 32% Fremont
- Et..~ MR. 'DAVIS. ¦¦¦- •-••";."..•'.¦ ¦- '¦ "
. WANTED— Experienced coat hands -and ope-
v. rators. r. Dressmaking ';". Department,- White
t /( House. >.y ..'.'¦.:-, : ; •;.' ; -.',-'¦''•.¦-¦/¦¦¦;¦.'•¦¦.• ":
, RESPECTABLE woman/of 30 years to do cook-)
I / ing. and" light' housework:: small family; ref-
;, erenccs. ¦ 710' Franklin' st..;.' ,",•• *- . I
Halrdresalng,'- massage, ':. manicuring, ', bleaching,
.-' dyeing, switches," etc. ;i 2 wks.\$5: College, 12.16
" : Market,', rm. ; 04; : splendid ' positions; ¦ day ;i eve, 1
GIRLS about • 16 years : of age will find plenty
of ' gopd-paylng . work. ; '. LEVI '¦• STRAUSS i" &
CO., 32% ; Fremont : st..; MR. DAVIS. ¦;+,¦„:•..
WANTED— Finishers on pants, ?9 to $10 week. >
•/ 108:Battery- st.'. :¦ L ¦•;-.•;>'¦ : I
- 000 laDorers ?s n. nay
COO rockmen .<2 a day
100 muckers.'... .$2 a day
100 plow-holders.........~ .$2 25 a day)
100 wheeler loaders...... ...$2.25 a day I
20 powdermen ......: .'..:. $2 25 a day
20 stonemasons. $4 a day
..... ... . . Ship morning and night
Free fare. .'.........'.. '. Free fare
. .........Male Entrance, -12 Berry st.:.......
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... ..:... .420 Bush st.
A YOUNG manias stenographer and typewrit-
er:- ono familiar with office duties; $25-W0
to' commence with: for: this office. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st. ; ; f
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
''¦' -:• f -.¦."- .59 Third st:, phone ¦ Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
FREE FARE. .FREEFARE
¦ 100 teamsters, 'Nevada. V.'.$2 to $2 25 per day
Gang of laborers. Nevada... $2 to $2 25 day
SHIP DAILY. 1 ;
>i-'-v'": .-'-¦. FOR LUMBER WOODS. .
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,'
; ' : $26 . to ?63 month and board, fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers. ......./. ........$2 per day
2 experienced edgermen. ......... .$3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners. .. .$3 per day
- 3 bridge ; carpenters ............. .$S per." day
4 ' stonemasons .$4 per^day
5 stonecutters ' ................. .$i per ' day
-, 1 carpenter .". ................ .$70 per month
'.'- 5 ¦ laborers, - near city..'. .... ". .v... $2, per day
.3 teamsters," near. city.. $1 25 day and board
City teamster ...'.".'"... :...'......'. ,$2. per day
- Stablemen and buggy washers, city. . . . . ;". f ;
- , ....... ....'..".......¦..$45 to *f>5 per month
, CAL. EMP. AGENCY.' 59 Third >l. ; :
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st.^-Cock, plain
:-¦' hotel near city. : $45; second cook, $65:-. sliver
man,. $25: ¦ sliver man, $16 and* found: --pot-
- : washer. . $30 ; * 2 ¦ waiters , for » restaurant, ¦ $35,
and $10 • a week ; young man . to assist ' walt-
, ing," country/i $25;. mans who understands or-
' -chard work, $25; man and wife, country; $50.-
A -MAN "and", w:fe,i experienced ..laundry' help,
-to run hand- laundry, springs,- good" opcMng.
. MRS. ; Mr. E. ' DAY. ¦ 33T» . Geary st.-
A BOY to run errands, r country.'. $16 and found.
'MRS. : M. ;E. DAY, 335-: Geary, Ft. -
SKIPPED I free every, day— Four-horse -scrapet ,
'. men ; and ' rock = men wanted , for ¦ railroad ; con-.
• tract. '.Wadsworth,' Nev. ; wages," $2 per .'day :
-board.rtR 25 per: week: $2 'deposit required;
company, will, refund name 'after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 000 Broadway," Oak-
¦•• land., Cal.- ):< • --"i ¦•:•.- ~V;' "¦ -:_:¦:'
WANTED— Sawyers ¦; to operate . large -circular
. barrel < stave • and . heading . saws; v also .several
"strong" and ; -"Apply California
¦¦: : Barrel . Co.; • 22d : and . Ill lnois : sts. , ' . Potrero. ¦ . ;
WANTED-^A reliable man with $150 to invest
= in established i business ¦" that ¦: will .pay him
v $18:to $20 -per week;, no experience '.required;
.light work. '7C5' Market st.,'. room 3. ¦¦*.
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ERRAND boy for wholesale < hardware store;
cigarette smokers need not apply. Box 4SCS,
Call office. . •
HANDY man around a Sausalito. home to take
care of horse, . garden, etc. Apply 1625 How-
'.-ard st. before 9 o'clock." . . - V
WANTED— Reliable young man . with some
cash; $15 week; steady place. BROWN, 1221
Market st. • . ; -
AMATEURS with dramatic ability; salary and
expenses. Box 4SC2, Call office. .
BOY to strip tobacco after school. 694 Mc-
Allister st. . , -
YOUNG lady or gentleman who can play plan-
;U artistically. Address box 4S55, Call.
BARBERS — Best 3-chair shop In the city for
. sale; good trade. Box 48 17. Call office.
EXPERIENCED .,, tailoring salesman. Apply
after 9 a..m. at HARSHALL'S, 12 Kearny.
A BOSS carder wanted.. Address Santa Rosa
Woolen Mills, Santa Rosa, Cal. . \
EXPERIENCED overall' cutters." I1EYNE-
MANN& CO.. 410^ Mission st. . -^
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
, use tobacco.-. Box 4SC0, | Call.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and diamond setter; per-
manent Job; j good wages, j Box 4S70, Call.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Ho war 1. ¦
PENSION and extra pay.' Write SHERWOOD.
¦624 Markt.; past: com. .Wattrous Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary aea'men for Europe and
v. Australia. ;. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart Bt.
WANTED— Strong boy about. 18 & 19. Box
4740. Call, of flee. .."-¦• y
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet .1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. - Bullls, room 40. Phelan
':¦: big;. Past Com. Geo. H.- Thomas Post.' G.A.R.
ALL sizes 'men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.; price.-- 563: Mission st.. bet. .1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-— A boy about 10 for wholesale house.
';. Address box '4525, Call office.
WANTED— HO men ..to -.'take lodging in Cam -
¦ bridge /House. 54.". ¦ Howard ; changed ! bands.
500 MEN to buy new anrl-2d-hand army shoes,
' S0o-up; soling 20c up. U23 Howard St., nr. 3th.
WINCHESTER • House. 44 Third st!. near Mar-
ket— 200 : rooms. 25c , night ;.' reading -¦ rooms;
¦ free 'bns and baggage to and: from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
5 subscriptions . has b;en established ¦ at 100U
Valencia st. |HBH_H
' MEDICAL.
A^ — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble.
consVlt the specialist on female complaints;
- • nrens&cril - female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
casws- taken: the most difficult cases treated:
nave relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O*DOX-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known reliable ladlea'
specialist; 30 years' experience; instant relief
guaranteed: home In confinement. Removed
to 1<X)S'.; Market st., opposite 5th st.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known ladles' special-
ist, removed to 1008 & Market at., opp. 5th st.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerero St., near 13th—
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience in micfwlfery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly carer infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. .
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infanta frea;
fee low. 006 Market st, opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 1113 Market— Reliable- ladles*
- specialist ; a .private home before and durln g
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
In confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007V. Market; avoid delay; $10.
MRS. DA VIES, ladles' specialist, at old offlo^
122S Market st. ; no branch office.
DR. NG TOY KEB. 210 Stockton St.. op posit*
-Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
3IISCELLAXE(^S~FOR SA1.K,
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machineryT-fSSJI
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
4 H. P. steam engine and boiler... $100
6 II. P. steam engine and boiler ...$113
4 H. P. gasoline engine; complete........ $100
3-in. centrifugal pump; complete. ....... $33
30-ln.xl2 ft. boiler; complete ....$125
48-in.xl6 ft. boiler; complete..... $300
35 H. P. economic portable; complete.... $300
40 H. P. Atlas engine; complete..'. ..... $225
H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUYS., sell or rents gear, machinery, en-
, gines, boilers, water pipes,' shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. ,
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. Th»
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
MARBLE — For sale cheap;, ten new scrolls,
large and small, single or all together, at
tfce Tell House, Ocean View. 1
A — $3 CO Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery t.
00,000 GALLON redwood tank; 8500 ft. 2, 3. 4
and C-lnch pipe. THOMPSON. 40 Main at.
FRESH cow for sale. HENXIG. 2522 Chest-
nut St., near Baker.
2 FIRST-CLASS wheels, xladys and gentle-
man't; $25 for both. SIT Fulton st.
FRESH cow, calf 4 days old; rich milk; sell
or trade for dry cow. S3 Shotwell st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2- hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried tn stockl
BAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES^ — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
go to DrJ.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfy. Co.. 510 Market.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pU-
turea. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J.' BURKE. 13f> Beale St.
MISCELLAN EOl'S WANTS.
WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The French
Chemical Co.-. 241 N. Fifth St.. Phlla., Pa.
WAN1T.D— Fcr cash, ' gocd : second-hand fire-
proof. ?afe; 2:1 inches deep. Address, giving
_prlce/box 4S50. Call. .
EIG prices patd for sealskin coats: also gents'
¦ lull dress and Tuxedo inlts. Portland Loan
Offlcg. 2"» Stockton St.: phonq ..Rush 481.
TILTON wants ' good second-hand clothing ami
, theatrical goods. 154 Cth st. : tel. Jessie 2831.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
»end postal: will call. Box 4«7,.Call office.
Wanted— 2d"-hand electric motors, all sixes, any
condition. FarnsworthElec.trical\Vks..llSTurl_,
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
1
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICl^S— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.'
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open untjl 'J.SO p. m.
."15 I-arkin ttrect; open until 9:30 i». m.
1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
I 10C Eleventh Ftrect; open until 9 r- m. j
1030 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. j
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- I
tucky streets?; open until 9 n. m. t ' ¦//:"',
— '00 Filln-.ore street; open until 9 p. m.
jj M—BTi-G nab ticks; S »
STARR KING Lodge V. D.. F. and A. » ]
M.. Jlowrys Jlall. will meet THIS _*%_
fiSATrRDAY) EVENING at 7::!0 jZJt
o'clock. Third degree. Uy order of ' ~ >
__the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec. 1
EXCELSIOR Dejrieo Lodjre Xo. « s _— • - <
2. I. O. O. F. — RectOu* meeting e*5_3«§_ I
THIS rSATU_DAVj EVENING. !
Third decree. ""' j
WM. B. CURTIS, D. M. (
WOODMEN" OF THE. -- ' -~t j
M'OnLl). Golden Ga:e __' ' ImL
Camp No U4.— Members r^'-Ctf&ij'tijtt
are hereby notified to 2_^»--**fiiaW*_jl :
ttt-.-nd tho funeral of our Ti i tjb"™~ w w <^ '.
leu- n< inlibor. WILLIAM
IH'P.PllY. frcm St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
niuth and Church sts., SATURDAY Anril
12. Et U o'ciork a. m.
THUS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR., Clerk. !
THE :»th annual picnic of the St v «y ¦»,
Andrew's Society of San Francisco 3L (MjJ
will take Mace at Fairfax Park on "^XiS:
SATURDAY. May :i. 1902: sames *S2HT
dancing; a good Uir.<? is assured.
JAMES ROLPH JR.. President.
MARINE Engineers" Beneficial Association No. j
S3 — Mrmbers are requested to attend the 1
funera! of our deceased brother, JOHN !
CAMPBELL. SATURDAY. March 12. from
his late residence, Sausalito. Delegation will
leave city on 11:30 boat. By order. . j
¦¦'.; ¦¦•;. JOHN MORIARITY. President. '
H. B. LISTER. Cor. Sec !
THE annual meeting of the members of the j
Society or Progressive Spiritualists will-, be ,-
held at their office, 33_! Seventeenth St., '
SUNDAY. April l.i. at the hour of 2 o'clock i
p- m., for the purpose of electing: a Board of !
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and j
the transaction cf such business as may
come before the meeting.
. JOHN KOCH, Secretary.
ENGROSSING, ~
Resolutions, ftc, in flrst-class manner. J. W. 1
GRIFFITH. H^-aidP Rut-. College. 21 Post ft. j
AGENTS WANTED. \
AGENTS— $ld daily. Introducing; our Brilliant I
Gafiis;h« Burners; families, business houses, j
bf.r.ks. churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight: these burners are what the peo- ]
I le are looking for; they do not require a i
chlmncyuo breakior wick to trim. & make no '
Ktacke and dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without !
criiense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest j
A cleanest Jicht; it is a preat money maker i
foi a?'>nts: 200 per cent profit: write at on^e j
A jret to work right away; sample free. En- |
-tarrtee Mfc. Co.. E. iW7, Cincinnati. Ohio. 1
WE want first-class solicitors everywhere to
tell stock: if ycu are made of the right kind
of ttuff v.e can show you how to make good
troney in the next 12 months; absolutely new
• nd attractive; has more (rood, convincing,
talking points than anythir.K else; for a per-
manent business it has no equal; and is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
Pacific Coast : call mornings. 10 to 12. 319-320
Parrrtt bull-ling. San Francisco.
' astrology]
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted; readings
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
CIS; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet:
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low feei;
ail cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: ocnsulration free: no fees in advance.
mCVCLES — For Sale or Eichnnge.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thir.g out: agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing: beils. pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC. ~~
WARBLING canaries and all Kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
lood cf all kinds. 1540 Market st,.bet.Sth&9th.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought ; libraries purchased.
H. C. Hclmes. 1143 Market; tel. Howard 1940.
BUSINESS CHANCES* ~
A— ¥1800; SALOON with mercantile" lunch? li
rrcs.; rent $00; close to Palace Hotel; no night
work: a first -class paying place; established !
years. Call It. G. WILKE. 2UH Kearny st.
A — $1000: CANDY Etore and factory; best loca-
tion on Larkin sU; an elegantly finished store
and first-class paying business. - Call R. G. |
WILKE. 2(;3.4 Ketmy st. I
i. — $(SSO: SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent j
S4U; place tirst-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing-mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade: big profits; stock
Jnvoires about $."1500; price $4000; rent £20.
C— J R. G. WILKE. 2014 Kearny st.
A— $SCO; EUTCHER shop; established years;
doing a first-clase business; located In Oak-
land; rent ?::r>. including 7 rooms. 2 horses.
1 wagon, 1 cart. Particulars, R. G. WILKE.
2C»4 Kearny st. ,
A— $2000; RAP.E chance; vicinity of Market
end McAllister Ets. : rent $5j. including «» pri-
vate roomr; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
2UV4 Kearny Et.
A — $11*00 ; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
fiy and variety store, with telephone and
laundry office, in booming town across the
bay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
in the year; investigate at once. R G.
WILKE. 2«'4 Kearny eV
A— $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero st. ; rent ?25; at
least £800 «ock on hand; good business
elckness only cause of Bale. Call R. a
WILKE. 20 1± Kearny st.
A— JOSEPH ST'RAUli. '
£50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
_ , " Telephone Grant 17i".
Real Estate Acent.
Vrcperty Bought and Sold.
Kents Collected.
-¦>*.'_'_,'; ' ' Loans Nezotiated. ,
Legitimate Business Agent.
flSCO — COFFEE saloon in heart of the city;
down town; magnificently fitted throughout;
well established nla.ee; everything firat-clans ,
eneromus trr.sienr business; low rent- re-
ceipts Justi!:' $3000 investment; old age the
only cause of sa'.e, best chance in this city.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery st., room 4.
$5500— 0.VROOM hotel and bar. central, always
full; $17o0 — Grocery and bar, 5 furn. rm«.,
Folsom rt.; ?150<i — Grccery and bar, 2 living
i— :s.. Pine et.; $1200 — Books, notions, circu-
lating library, fine, must be Bold, Valencia
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market Rt., room 20S.
$300— PARTNER wanted in established" busN
nets; ?lfc to $25 week, with chance t3 in-
crease; no experience required. 23 Geary et
room 4. . •
$375 — PARTNER in first-class business : will
teach you the business. DECKER. »21 Markt.
ftrugstore. $2500; central; on busy Et. ; oppor-
tunlty for physician. DECKER. 921 Market.
A — PARTNER in box wood business: 4 wagons^
5 horses; clears about $150 a month: SS25
ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third et. .
A-DOK'T pay $500 for a $100 cigar stand.
Alter calling on other agents without suc-
cees. consult HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bldg.
FOR BALE^ — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
toll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.
will Invoice $1700; pood reasons for selling.
Aodrcss Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal.
FOR SALE — Outside route this paper; call from
6 to 7 p. m. ; Saturday and Sunday exeepted.
927 Ehotwell et.
FOR SALE — Restaurant and oyster house at
JS07 Folsom rt. ; selling account of leaving
city.
TARTY to tak e equal Interest in paylnR busi-
ness; qualifications for salesmanship and
email capital required. Box 4S50. Call office.
FOR Sale — Outside route this paper; call from
<t to 7 p.-m.; Saturday and Sunday exeepted.
927 Shotwell et.
FTJCE grocery and saloon for Bale; at terminus
fof car line; with house and 4 tots; reasonable
to right party. Box 4S18, Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; kept by present
owner 15 years; a first-class location and pay-
Ing business. 748 Brannan et. ¦
'400 — 80 ACRES in Scotch Valley. Sieklyou
Co.; good, level land. Box 4S34, Call office.
10O0 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale. 052
Green et.. fiat 2. rear.
FOF. SALE— Restaurant. 4IC Third «.; re-
ctipts $25 a day; rent $30; full investigation
FOR Sale— Restaurant opp. Golden Gate Park;
fcr cook and wife: low rent. CIO Stanyan st.
n«i^_aaft_H_H_a_fl___an_IBBia_Hn_
SPIRITUALISM. '
B-R-O-C-K-W-A-Y,
1052 Ellis Ft. bet. Franklin and Gough.
- Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p: m.
Seance Sunday and Wednesday 8 p. m. - -
RETURNED— J. Keller, divine healer; all kinds
of diseases healed by the touch of your gar-
ments; chronic diseases, rheumatism a spe-
cialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 4CS Golden
Gate ave. ; hours from 9 to 4. 7 to 9 dally. -/
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materialis-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
_Tues.. Frl., Sun., 8 p.m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
Mi-fcl Seal, 'spiritual and bus. medium : tobacco
habit cured or no Day. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 32S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 3601; seance -Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E~BERNARD,~ '"
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.", next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveaU the present hap-
penings and portrays events to. occur in 'the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble," discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or. have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed.. Tel. Black 4560..
PROFESSOR BROESKE. 205 Turk st.
Scientific Palmist and Clairvoyant. 1 Special
rates for a short time only. 50c— $1 — DOc — $1 —
50c— $1— 50c— $1. This well-known life reader
convinces all, gives advice all affairs 01 Inter-
est; business, love, marriage, speculation, in-
vestments, - change. Your past, present, future
read. Are you interested palmistry, clairvoy'cy,
psychology? Broeske's College stands peerless.
LIFfc READING 1 week, ladies 60c, gents $1;
PROF. WELLER'S .COLLEGE, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
tles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated, tells
whom you will marry; how to win manor wo-
man you love; mail $1: send date birth, lock
hair, 6 questions. 1007^ Market, near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
¦ medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket fct.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 2& and
26; take elevator. .Perfect satisfaction/guar-
anteed by mail; 6end stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday. '
AA-^BROCKWAY, scientific and expert life
reader; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; seances
Sunday and Wednesday, 8 p. m. 1052 Ellis.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently, located 1148 .Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from* 10 to 12 a. m. •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading parties 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. slt.'$l 50. 120 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer;, reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. :!
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful 'clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521^ Eddy. I
CARD reading and astrology. ¦ 14S Oth St.. room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: Iadle3
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, i card -reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to S. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
DENTISTS.
A— DR.T.'sThIGGINs" 927 : 'Market~Bt71^ma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other flll-
. ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
, plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. .
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, ¦ plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
- derf ul secret, painless method ; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
¦up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.; Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
¦ Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. s., proprietor and manager. .._¦„
A NEW plate— The. Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
! PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
j Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 50c.
j DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkln — Paln-
! lees ext., 50c; -plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
! DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist..
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
j YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
j EDUCATIONAL.
I HEALD'S SC^?0oX~olF^L^CTRicAL'iENGi"
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
, — 58 per month; $50 life scholarship . guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; -shorthand,
I typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
: spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
I new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
i HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any >
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of. Supreme Court ad- j
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Ha] let School,
i associated with theatrical I agency securing
I positions. Alcazar building. 120O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and • college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College, 1230 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping,' grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VIOLIN,; guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
claps, $1 month. 1836. Eddy; phone Pine 433.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery et.
VIOLIN; mandolin, guitar. . Prof. '.' MERKI, ¦. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; .private or class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market St. '
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
' Expert, 302 Van Ness ave.-/ ' ¦•
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. ¦ 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S -Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F. :
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
ELEVATORS. — — —
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.frCS Mission; tel.John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice.- Geo.
Kiroahita. 1203 Page, cor. Lyon:.tol. Fell S501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel., Bush 516. .
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY-. & CO.;, 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. V
JAPANESE and Chinese \ best help; cook and
waiter. . 421 Post, GEO ; - AOKI ; : tel. Bush 135.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8-
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese Chi-
nese help." 426 Powell,nr.8uttcr:tel.Black 5072.
EMrLOYMENT — FEMALE.
SITUATION by a plain German ' woman, . with
- ,2 young girls, for a* good family: In. country,
for cooking ¦ and : general ' : housework;- ¦ no
mail. 1.12 Fourth -st,. room 9, . second t floor.
A WIDOW lady from the . East would like' a
. housekeeper's , position. , Address ill. Polk ; st."
YOUNG , woman would ; like position . as ' second
girl m private family. Address 1238, Mission.s Ralph : L.', and Georgia • A:'. Hathorn to ' Robert
K. 1 Morrow, lot ; on - SE - corner, of . Vermont" and
"; ; Edward "Ambrose to Daniel A.;McColgan, lot
on ; S , line of street, 130 E ' of Diamond.'
E'30iby;S--114;;$10.. .
f ;;Arthur-T.' : Keyes to, Callaghan Estate Com
pany.' (a corporation), lot on -W corner of How
ard and f Steuart ; Btreetn, SW 45 : 10 by N W
137 :6/-' quitclaim.' deed ; $1. • ..
•Addle S.Keyes to same, same; $1Q.- .
¦-:.. Estate Nathan - Rodgers (by . Robert West
water, administrator) ".to Stephen Lagomarsino
lot ¦ on "*S- line -of F"rancisco street, . 91 :6 r W 'at
Mason,- \V- 80 by -S' 65; also 'lot on- S line of
Water 6trect,'81:6 W.-of ;Mason,'*W 79 by 8
57:6;»?360.'K -'•¦.-•,;¦-.:. •-..; ¦¦¦¦;. '•- •>¦¦ : -¦¦
Mary AJ.Wlghtman (widow) to Thomas W.
Butcher, ¦ lot . on • S line • of -. Sutter street, 130 E
of (Stockton,. E 25 by, S 120; $10.' • ¦ ,-.- .-.:
- Thomas Jr. ,and. Estelle ' W. H.' Mag'ee to
Edith Cook, lot pn.SE corner of Drumm and
Commercial streets, ,S 30, E'50. S 28:1%, E
25.. N 57:8%; W.75; $10.. ,¦.•..:;-.,..,'..¦¦
r'.. Julius 'Marx to Johanna 'Marx,' lot -on S line
of.Llberty street.- 375 E of Castro. E 25 by S
U*: gift.- . - . .
. - Christian Waldan -to Charles F. - Selpel, let
dn-W line of Rondell- place. 181:6 S of Six
teenth street. S 22:2 by W 64; $10.'
John VO/. and 'Marietta' Dyar to Julia A.
Briggs, Ipt on N'. line of Clay street, 181:3-W
of Baker, W 25 by N 127:8 VI; $10.
¦ I*ori and Lillian Lewin to Aaron Kuhn.-' lot
on N line ¦ of : Pacific avenue-, -4 66 E of Baker
street,, E-28 by N127:8%;'$10. ¦ . :' :
.Matilda G.. Bancroft (wife of H. H.) to J. J.
Mack, lot on NE, corner of Pacific avenue and
Scott street, -E 60 by N 120." quitclaim deed; $5.
¦'. Fanny "L. and, Edward ,Everett. to- Gertrude
M. ¦ Church : (single), lot on N line ' of Valleio
street.', 192:£^W of Devlsadero, W 32:6 by N
137:6; $5...- •- - r/-
. Esther" M.: and John' D. -Wilson to Ma'thlldr
Veiller, > lot- on SE corner of >. Sacramento ¦• and
Steiner. streets, E 81 i3 by S' 26:6; $10.
» Alice ..C.*.«nd- Samuel 'B. '.Welch to Julia C.
Buckbee. lot on N. line of Pacific street. 68:9 W
of Steiner. W. 22:9 by N. 127:8%; $10.
.; ElchatdS.; -William T., Edward B., Fred E
and William S. ., Gregory, "Mary B. Ten Eyckj
Imcgene G.'^ Broadwell (Gregory) (wife | of Ed
ward H.) to' same, "same; $10. . . -
Hlbernia, Savings and Loan Society to John
McCunn; , lot 1 - on W. line of Laguna street 100
N of Greenwich, "N 25 by W 106:3; $1000. ¦ '
. % John- Gregory. . et ¦ al. -. to ; Edward ¦ "Rolkln .lot
on N line of Lombard ' street 137:6- W of Fill
more,-,AV> 168:9% by N. 137:6; also lot on 8 lln«
of Chestnut street,'. 137:6 W of FUlmore W
152:9H by S 137:6: $11,750.
"Louise Franz (Niemann) and Valentine Franz
to Henry Nlemann Jr., undivided H of lot on
Sllfio of*. McAllister street, 110 E of Qough,
E 27:6 by S 120! also undivided.^ of .lot on
S llne : 'of McAllister: street, S2:6 E of Gough.
E, 27:0. by S. 120; also, all lots 47 to 60 block
11, Sunnyslde; gift. -^ .- ' • : • .
FRIDAY. APRIL 11
REAL .ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mariposa streets. S 200 by E 100; also lot on
NE corner of Vermont and Solano streets, N
100 by E 100; $1. ¦ ' . - -
¦ Holland Smith to Mary J- Smith, lot E line
ol Vermont street, 250 S of Twenty-fifth. S 1S3,
E 75, N 133, E 25, N 50, W. 100; gift..
Jbhn P. and Mary Foley to Jane Lehkcy
(widow) lot on E line : of ' Iowa street, 150 S
of Twenty-third, S 25 by E 100; $10. ¦-,..
Benjamin F. Hurlbert to Florence A. Hurl
bert. lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue,
150 N of Clement street. N 50 by W 120; gilt.
Bertha F. Smith (single) to Harley R. Wiley
and -Waller P. Johnson, lot on W line of First
avenue •« 275 N of Clement street. N 25 by W
120; $10. ' "Haw IL" ¦"*>' l *««4RS?fif* '.
- Manoel J. and Mamie Medina to S. Ducas
Company' (a corporation), lot on N line of
Twenty-eighth avenue South, 25 E of Q street.
•E 60 by N 100, block 503, Haley Purchase;
$10. '. - ' ' ' •" ¦
Roxana H. Harrell to Leonl Jaquot. lot 011
W line of Thirty-third avenue. 225 W or H
street, W along N line of Thirty-third street,
25 by N 100. lot 39.- block 559, Bay Park Home
stead, quit.claim '¦ deed; SSOO. < . ~
¦ Martha J. and Dell Llnilerman to Edouard
Winant.;lots 6. 6, 7.9 to 12. 15 to 22. 25 to
29, SO to 32, block 129, : Superior Homestead
Association, portion University Mound; $2000.
Charles Winters to Henrietta Fried, F.»C.
Winters,. Clara Horstmeyer and F. C Winters
(trustee) (one-quarter each), lot on S - line ¦ of
Sixteenth street. •' 100 ; W of Castro, .W 25 by
S 100, lot 9. block 14. Flint Tract; also lot on
E line of . Bache street, 175 S of Crescent; S
125. E 75, N 25. W 5, N 100, W 70, Holliday
Map A; gift. . - .
- Builders' : Contracts.
Julien ¦ Llebes (owner) : with . George P. • w.
Jensen (contractor), architect M. J. Lyon — All
work for a two-story, attic and basement frame
residence on SW corner of Franklin street and
Broadway. S 35:3 by W 120; $13,400.
-.} Mrs." Pauline Druhe (owner) . with J. E. Mil
ler (contractor), architect Charles Haynes — All
work for a two-story frame building (flats) on
W line of Clayton street, 59 N- of .Frederick.
25:6 by 96:10%; $5500. - .
i A "- W. Wilson (owner) with A. Gradln (con
tractor), ' architects William ; Mooser •& ; Son
Painting and varnishing for a six-story and
basement brick' building on N line of : Turk
street. ¦ 68:9 W. of Hyde/ W. 68 by N:C8; $1320
- William Olsen ' (owner) with A. Goldenson
(contractor), architect J. Francis Dunn — Grad
ing : and .: concrete work' for foundation for a
three-story, and basement frame building (flats)
on SE : corner of Flllmore and Hayes ; streets;
$tiS0 * iBSHIBflifeuS&H
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
Sergt Holden, Angel Isl
J G Burger. Everett I
A Bid, Everett. "Wash
A Nunes A. w, San Joae
E Muddeman, Astoria
J,H Duncan. Astoria
J Dunghill & w, L, An
J Mollergrew & w, Cal
H I Plants, Kansas
J Goodger, Arkansas
H N Chlnenden, Reno
Mrs A Eddy, Los Ang
B W March & w, Colo
Mrs Birchall, Oakland
A Gum. Portland
W J Eachus, Seattle
J ' Newcomb, Seattle .
Mrs G B Marshall. Cal
Miss B P Marshall, Cal
Mrs M E Marshall. Cal
G L Wilson. Los An?
Permanent high school — F. A. Gardner.
Permanent grammar school— Mrs. I. e. Wood
land, Miss Margaret Radford, Miss R. Hertz,
Miss M. R. McLay. Miss H. B. Carr. Mary E.
O'Leary.' . Permanent „ primary — Miss A. ¦¦ F.
Hurley. New certificates, - high school — Miss
A. B. Wright, Miss M. Bill, W. L.. Brown.
Grammar school — Miss I. M. Perkins, Mrs. -M.
Glfford, Miss A. Roberts. Miss A. E. Moore.
Miss E. M. Hare. Renewals, high school — -C.
L. Turner; grammar-school, F. D. Stringham,
Miss M. E. Guppen, Miss L. V. Morsan; pri
mary, Miss N. Purinton, Miss M. McDonald,
D. C. Deasy. Life diplomas, high school —
Clement C. Young, Frank A. Gardner; gram
mar school. Miss M. i D. Tanforan, Mrs. M.
Stuart. Misses M. C. Perkins. Mrs. Etta
Schnabel, L. A. Toomy. !>. V.- Morgan, A. "W.
Thompson. - , .-
The Board of Examination recommend
ed yesterday that certificates be Issued as
follows: /;
Certificates for Teachers.
Rev. Dr. George A. Gates, ex-president
of Iowa College, and president of Pomo
na College, Claremont, Cal., was the guest
of honor at • the banquet. After a bounti
ful repast speeches were made by the
guest of the evening, Ira G. Hoitt, Fisher
Ames, Charles W. Emery, Robert B.
Clark, H. H. Mclntyre and Rev. Dr. S.
H. Wiley. College songs were sung and
anecdotes of student life recounted in a
most enjoyable manner. ~ .
The officers elected for the ensuing year
are as follows: Thomas Flint Jr. '80,
president; George A. Gates '73 and Sidney
Worth '71, vice presidents; Thomas A.
Perkins '90, secretary; C. S. Wright . '57,
treasurer; Frank Morton '80, chorister; T.
Flint, IraG. Hoitt, J. H. Waterman,
Thomas A. Perkins, C. S. Wright and S.
C. Smith; executive committee.
The, fifteenth annual' reunion .and ; ban
quet of the Dartmouth- College Alumni
Association j of the Pacific Coast took
place last evening- at the' Occidental Hotel,
President Thomas Flint occupying the
chair. '¦ - . ...
Dartmouth College Alumni Dine.
: . . banks.
Anslo-Cal .. — 91 LP4A....16854 — '
California ..425 — Mer Kx (liq) 1S^ —
Cal Safe Dp. 117 ft — S F Natlonl.140 . —
First Natural — —
-¦-.-..<. ; SAVINGS BANKS." ' :.•*"
German ...2000 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — — ¦ Security Sav. • — 340
Mutual Sav. 80. 87 »4 Union Trnstl828 «
S F Sav U.. 525 — I . . •
STREET RAILROADS. •
California ..165 — Market ..:..10O
Geary — 60 Presidio .... 85 % —
. POWDER.
Giant 78% 79 fVlgorlt ..... 3% 3ft
SUGAR.
Hana . . ZVt 4 Kllauea .... — 9*4
Hawaiian .. "3 — MakaweU ..22% —
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomca .... 23^ —
Hutchinson . 11 £ 12 Paauhau ... 11 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162 1M ¦ Pac A F A. . 2% 3&
Cal Fruit As.1031.4 — , Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100% — I Par Paint -19' —
Oceanic S. Co — . 36 I
Mornlns Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa "Water _ 73 12%
: 15 Contra Costa "Water 78 25
20 Contra Costa Water 78 S7^4
15 Giant Powder Con, a 30.. 79 00
40 Giant Powder Con, 8 10..... 79 00
60 Giant Powder Con 79 00
70 Honokaa Co 10 00
15 MakaweU : 22 25
103 Sprins Valley "Water 92 60
$4000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 5s. ...... .102 00
Street —
30 S F Gas & Electric Co. ._ — ... 43 5O
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5a. ... 121 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Cal Fruit Canners' 103 25
.110 Contra Costa Water 78 50
10 Giant Powder Con, cash......... 79. 12^
. 5 Giant Powder Con 79 12'^
r 50 Giant Powder Con...... ..79 00
35 S P Gaslight 5 25
00 Spring Valley Water 92 25
$2000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 5s ICC 12 ifi
$1000 Sacto Elec Gas & Ry 5s.. 102 25
J3000 S F &S J Valley bonds. .......121 37VJ
Street "
100 Cal Wine Assn 101 00
$11,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s US 87*3
$10,000 Sierra Ry of Cal to. cash.. „.. 113 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board —
500 Monte Cristo ..., i 4714
2000 Occidental of W Va, b 80 20
600 Occidental of W Va „.., 19
6000 Petroleum Center, b 9O..i..... M 09
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev _ 6 50
¦ 25 Senator - 67
1000 Sovereign, cash .._.— ...........« 2s>
1500 Sterling — ._ 1'47M
100 Sterling '¦ :......« :._» 1 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Monte Cristo ........ ............ 1 43
6WX) Petroleum Center 08
500 Reed Crude 33
IOC Sterling, b 60 ...._.. .. 1 55
100 Sterling, b 90 l'SX^jj
MINING STOCKS.
; Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher'-.....'. 10 200 Occidental „ M
200 Caledonia ... 4S 400 Overman .... . n
200 Caledonia ... 47 800 Savage ©3
400 Chollar ..... 12 100 Savago 02
•200 Con C& Va.l 35 200 Yellow Jacket 13
300 Mexican 41
Afternoon Session.
10O Challenge ... "20 100 Overman ;... 23
100 Chollar ..11 600 Potosl ig
600 Gould" & Cur 0J 100 Sierra, Nevada 23
200 Mexican ..... 42 600 Union Con ... 21
100 Overman .... 22
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: . . .
v Morning Session.
200 Belcher 11* 200 Occidental ... 08
500 Belcher 10 20O Ophlr ....... »a
. 400 Beat & Belch 2.5 200 Ophir $«}
400 Caledonia ... 47 200 Overman .... 25
300 Gould & Cur OS 200 Potosl ....... 18
300 Hale & Norca 21 300 Union Con .. 24
300 Mexican 43
Afternoon Session. - • -
200 Best & Belch 23' 300 Mexican ..... 42
100 Best & •Belch 24 200 Occidental ... C8
300 Chollar 11 100 Ophir 88
200 C C & Va.l 32V4 200 Potosl ....... 18
;' 6CO Justice 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS^
FRIDAY. April 11.— 4 pi m.
Bid. Ask., . Bid.Ask.
Alpha... .02 03;Juatice 09 10
'Aha . 03 05 Kentuck .... — 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash.. — ,04
Belcher :. C9 10 Mexican 42 43'
Best & Belch 24 25 Occidental -... OS > Oft
Bullion . . 02 03 ! Ophlr ........ 9O 82
Caledonia ..'. 43 451 Overman .... 22 -23
Challenge Con 18 SO.Potoat 15 ' ia
Chollar ..11 12!Savage ...... .02 03
Confidence ... 6<> 65 Scorpion ..... — 04
Con C & Va.l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 0t 02
Con ImperiaL — ' 01 1 Sierra Xev... 23 24
Con N Y .-. . . 01 02| Silver Hill .. > 50 52
Crown Point.. CS C9|St Louis ...... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 13 — jSyndlcate .... 06 —
Exchequer ... — 01 j Union Con ..21 2f
Gould & Cur 07 OOtUtah ........ 04 0$
Hale & Norca 20 21 YeUow Jacket 12 18
Julia......... - 04J
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The contest for a trophy between two
teams of Pocahontas Tribe of the Im
proved Order of Red Men in the adoption
degree ¦ took place in Union-square Hall
last night and resulted in victory for ine
team captained by J. Samuel, and which
won the prize at the last session cf the
Great Council. ' The winning team scored
92, while the other team, a comparatively
new one, captained by "M. L. Wheeler,
scored 88. The contest was witnessed by
a large number of members of the order.
Red Men's Contest.
A communication from R. Van Bergen,
a Shanghai, China, merchant, to a promi
nent, local capitalist is appended. Van
Bergen states that the United States
must exert itself in the matter of Chi
nese tariff, as the British officials are
making extraordinary efforts to place this
country at a disadvantage.' -V-
The Chamber of Commerce sent a com
munication to President Roosevelt yester
day, requesting his favorable considera
tion of the wishes of commercial men of
the Pacific Coast in the matter of facili
tating the entry of American products
into the markets of the Orient- The ef
forts of General Sharretts, Chinese Tariff
Commissioner, In behalf of the commer
cial interests of the Pacific Coast, are
highly commended. The articles on which
low tariff is desired and which are par
ticularly called to President Roosevelt's
attention are flour, lumber," canned and
dried fruits, leather, salmon and 'gro
ceries.
Speedy Action.
nication to President Requesting
Chamber of Commerce Sends Commu-
WANTS ATTENTION. PAID
, TO THADE WITH ORIENT
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 11.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived:
From San Francisco— L. Nordman and
wife and W. Mackie, at the Herald
Square; ¦ D. Hearfield, at the Union
Square; Mrs. W. Lester, at the Savoy; C.
M. Martin and wife, at the Imperial; A.
Phinney, : at the Continental; L. Western
feld, at the Belvedere. .
From Los Angeles— B. E. Green and'L
H. Green, at the Holland.
From San Jose— Mrs. E. G. 'Williams,
at the Plaza. . •
Business firms represented by L. H.
Birth, George A.' Pope, Frank P. Burgess
and F. A. Week were elected to member
ship in the association. ' -
The matter of an increase in the police
force of the city, for the better protection
of the residence districts, was discussed
at length. ¦ ' \ ¦
At the regular monthly meeting of the
board of directors of the Merchants' As
sociation held yesterday it was decided to
send to the Board of Supervisors a com
munication expressing disapproval of the
erection of electric light signs -upon the
tops of buildings if the structures are
such 'as to be either disfiguring or dan
gerous.
The. association advocates the liberal
use of electrical devices in advertising,
on the ground that the city is thus made
attractive at night, but it is considered
that there should be reasonable restric
tions. The Board of Supervisors is re
quested to pass an ordinance limiting the
size and .height of such signs and pre
scribing the manner of their construction.
Petition Supervisors for. Regu
lating Ordinance. ¦ '' .
Directors of Merchants' Association
WANT NO DISFIGUHING
ELECTBIC LIGHT" SIGNS
George L. Fish, formerly a resident of
Oakland, who owns large mining interests
In Nome, Alaska, is at the Palace. In
company with his wife, he has just com
pleted a tour of the world.
W. S. Palmer, superintemdent of the
Oakland pier, and wife are at the Cali
fornia.
D. "W. Carmlchael, a /prominent lawyer
of Sacramento, and wife are. at the. Grand.
• S. B. Burkhan of Bodie is at the Lick.
Isaac Bird, a merchant of Merced, is at
the Lick.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
A. Clark, a mine-owner of Forest Hill,
is at the Lick.
' F. "W. Street, a lawyer of Sonora, Is at
the Occidental.
Colonel Thomas McGregor of Benlcia la
at the Occidental.*
E. C. Farnsworth; an attorney of Visa
lia, la at the Lick.
F. "M. Shlndeler, a mining man of Eu
reka, Is at the Lick.
William Ash. a vineyardl3t of Beriin,
Cal., ia at the Grand. >
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
Professor Burt Estes Howard of Stan
ford Is at the California.
C. K. McClatchy, editor of. the Sacra
mento Bee. is at the Lick.
John Markley, a well-known resident of
Geyserville, is at the Lick.
A» R. Armington and L. C. Hall of A1-.
bany, N. Y., are in this city.
H. M. Yerington, manager of the Car
son Railroad, ia at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
A number of Olympic : Club athletes will
take part in an entertainment to be given
this evening at', the ."Little Mothers' "
Training: School for Domestics, at 942
Harrison street.. Mayor Schmitz has con
sented.'to attend and address the children.
The entertainment is one of a series given
each 1 month and designed by the founder
of ; the institution to cultivate in the chil
dren a taste for good music.
• The ''Little Mothers" are the older sis
ters in poor families south of Market
street, whose mothers are obliged to go
out to work for the day. The older sisters
assume to the younger children the posi
tion of mother and act as caretakers of
the house. , Some of these "Little Moth
ers", are small tots themselves and can
scarcely stagger under, their baby bur
dens. The school was founded October 12,
1900, for the purpose of teaching these lit
tle matrons of the , tenements laundry
work, cooking, sewing and general house
work. . The following ladies are in charge
of the work:
Management — Mrs. M. S. B. Sheppard. presi
dent; Mrs. A. G.' Deardorf, vice president; Miss
Stella M. Kindred, secretary; Miss Martha
Cobb Snow, entertainment committee; Mrs. K.
K. Anderson, superintendent; Mrs. L. • Ponai,
cookins • class. : ¦ ' • . '
-Medical committee— Dr. Anna Harris Barnes,
Dr. J. Albert Noble, Dr. Z. T. Malaby.-Dr. O.
A. Hasslinger (dentist). Dr. E. E. Perry (den
tist).
H. R. Wiley, auditor.
Hold Important Function
This Ey'eningl
"Little Mothers" Training School to
CATHEDRAL • COUNCIL
- TO GIVE AN" OUTING
Branch, of Young Men's Institute
Will Journey to Glenwood on
. , May Day.
The annual outing and excursion ot
Cathedral Council No. 59, Young Men"s
Institute, will be held at Glenwood Park,
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, May L
A fine programme by clever entertain
ers will be presented during the day, ana
dancing will be a special feature. The
members of the committee having .the
affair in charge, spurred on by the suc
cesses of past outings given by Cathedral
Council, are leaving nothing undone to
make this year's event a memorable one
In the council's annals. The committee
of arrangements consists of P. F. Mc-
Carthy, J. Johnson, C. H. McCarthy,
Fred A. Farmer, Joseph McCusker, A. w«
Dollard.P. Gomez, Joseph Redmond, 1*
A. Kelly'and "W. A. Kelly.
OLYMPIC CLTJB ATBXETES
- TO GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM, SATURM^, p.PRIL 12, 1902.
13
MONEY TO LOAN.
•7~-£fSMA?rMt-*Iu >HY « 601-602 Examtaer^lg
A-" HE .$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
£n First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
tjndivlded Interests in Real Estate
i '<}'/ Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizea.
r .IF YOU NEED MONEY
s y t ' HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
TTImaNHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.). .
t"W0 000 at 5H and 6 per cent In Bums to suit:
rjmr Oakland, Town and Country Property
sccbafl mortgages, life insurance and securi-
[ ie c- loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
t^sts to r 6 * 1 estate and legacies; will pur-
rh»se above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
|_X). 7TH FLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
T^t~AMOl.-NT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Vadivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get rny terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
] 24 Montgomery st., room 3 *
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; flret,
5 econd and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16
Ut floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSKN*.
jIL*XIcn»AL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603. -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. ' 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary et.. room 36.'
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO....ffffl43°Ph£a£ g££
Or. furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage- re^
liable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68. '
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal;. no commission; confiden-
tiaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th flr.
TO loan — Five to ten thousand dollars on real
estate. Box 1481. Call office.
O. A. LANE, Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loana.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Gartheia. 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
. $1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without-
indoraer. MORRELL. 609 Kxa miner bldg.
5!* ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy, i
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal:
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister et.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY "WANTED.
LOAN of $3500 wanted on personal property
worth $6000; good interest. Box 4618. Call
office. •- -¦ - ¦ ¦
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BFAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
the finest action can be had from us at such
low prices and easy terms that any one can
afford to buy; in fact it is better to buy
than rent. We sell the Decker-Wissner-Bau-
melster and Stoddard. and you cannot fail to
be pleased with them. Call and look, even
if you are not quite ready to buy. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO:. 769 Market.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
aDd terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
oSer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers
cor. Keamy and Sutter ets.. S. F.; Broad-
vr&y and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all our
pianos,. Eonie ez>scialJbarKains-_l KjucTm,'. SS5;
I Heine. $1S5; 2 Steinways. $165; 3 Chicker-
inrs, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 op.
Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
PON*, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
OTarrell st.; established 1S50.
DEALERS, big profits aaved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances; up-
rights. $37 up (wonderful). "WILSON'S Stor-
age, 1710 Market st.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
et., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
ESIALL upright. $35: large cabinet grand up-
r'.grnt. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Bon. 23 5th st.. Ivers & Pond agts.-
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Et.
ALMOST new large sire Steinway upright left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary at.
Moving East; must dispose of large, handsome
upright grand piano; 3d cost. 1000 Van Ness.
BYRON MAUZT, 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
- and other pianos and pipe organs.
8 LEADING pianos — Eteinway, Chickering.
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S, 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ_& CO.. 16 McAllister.
BUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1S87: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertx. 706 Ellis.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 027 Market St.'
Light, cheerful officee, $15@25 per month:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone.
LOFT for rent. 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water: $16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st,
PACIFIC, 32S, near Sansome— Handsome, large
store; cheap.
LARGE Etore with basement. Just below Kear-
ny. to lease: alto office rms. 636 Clay, rm. 1.
V- OIL. ' -
OIL tanks, 2nd-band. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartrean Paint Co.. 319 3d at.: teL.Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. 3.
C. ROMAIN'E. 640 Q. Cave: tel. Polk 1423.
'___^^ PALMISTRY.^ _ _
MRs!~irpEARCE. eclentiflc ibusteeXT^almist)
parlors 9 and 10, The Vendome. 1J04 Market
.ct.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.; horoscopes cast
by mall. $1; palmistry taught. -
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Port st.. corner ot Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. •elentifle palmlet, 516
Taylor gt.. bet. Geary and Port.-tel.Black B6L
PERSONALS. ....
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suit* on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOfi, 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth. _^
FREE Facial Massage during ApriL using cele-
brated Los Angeles preparation* of '
FANNY BRIGGS CARR .........
Win remove moth patches, wrinkles, cure
the wortt pimpled face. 123 Stockton gt.
A— Have you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post it. ;
WHI gness? You can be certain of style and*
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. 3. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.6th.
ELECTRIC llrjit In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT Ao you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellle, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
eame as white shlrta; selection 300 patterns.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, Ul» Butter st. •
107 POWELL ST.ncar ELUS 3£f 5056
JShiariahari FIorisTCo;
FLORAL DESIQNS
Prices Reasonable . ;
PERSONALS— Contlnned.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt. op. 10th.
A FIRST-CLASS shampoo for 60c; hair dried
In 10 minutes; hair dressing. 25c. G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton St. -.¦."¦
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley,1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'., London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
a,t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton gt. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
. Dr,G.S.Moore.332O'Farrell; send for circular.
MRS. DR. NICE informs her patrons that she
is now located at 139 Taylor st.
ELECtJ^C needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st., corner Mason. ¦
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
, rlcal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot- air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary, r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
¦ instantly; 10c and 25c. AH druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. For den & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY, 207 Powell st. — Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
RJSAL^ESTATE—^yY-T-IFpjg-SALE.
$1750 — SNAP; 29x75; block from 2 car lines;
15 minutes from City Hall; street bitumen;
concrete sidewalk and curbed; lots level,
ready to build; 17th stl, corner Diamond.
Another bargain; 2 lots, 25x86; 2 frontages;
level block; nr. Douglass; 1 block from electric
cars; only $750 ea. O. D. BALDWIN, 22 Mont.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
£50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ,
$23,000 — FINEST business comer in Hayes Val-
ley; 55x120; pays IVx per cent net and room
for more improvements. Box 1555. Call office.
$10,000 EACH; appreciated if seen; 2 new 12-
rocm residences on- Washington st.. near
Laurel (Presidio Heights); open for inspec-
tion from 11 to 3 dally. ' . .
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
sts.; 75x75, -with improvements: make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall
square.
APPRECIATED if seen: new, elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley St., bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door.
WANTED — Two good flats; reasonable; Install-
ments; state fully. Box 1554. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
$6500-^10 "ACRES' in bearing fruit; good buUd"-
ings; a first-class property; 5 miles from
San Jose.
$5000 — 4 aores fruit and chicken ranch; new
S-room house; large barn, sheds, chlcken-
bouees; windmill and tank; 800 chickens; bug-
gy, wagon, cow, farm -tools; % mile from town
and street railroad: Alameda Co.
And a hundred other bargains In ranche*.
Write for our free list: unimproved, orange,
grape, grain, fruit and stock land for sale in
tract* of 5 to 300 acres in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties.
HEALY & CARR. 827; Market st, r. 208.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho ,
Cotati. Sonoma Co- : future value assured, as
' San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
FOR Rent — 12 acres of very rich land; suitable
for melons and garden truck; family orchard;
fine prune orchard; large buildings for hog
; and chicken raising; /abundance of good
water; splendid opportunity for right man.
Call or address at 3226 King st.. Berkeley.
TIMBER land, 146 acres maple, flr and cedar j
land; Chehalls River. Wash.; 2 miles from
railroad ; county road and ¦ school house on
land; cheap for cash. Address O. P. BAR-
TIN. 626 Eddy st.
FIVE dollars an acre: 8120 acres irrigated
river bottom land: all good: see us quickly.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY.
634 Market at.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 927 Mkt. r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market, S. F., & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept.. American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. ,
CHOICE country lands for eale. Land Dept.,
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hayward bldg.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful Income home
In San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4671, Call.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY— Few choice lots; fine view;
water and sewer. J. H. GILHULY. Kent,
or C. H. STANYAN. 31 Market St.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
. station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
¦ month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.' -
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — To rent or buy 50 acres or upward
unimproved land with a living stream of
water. Address B. M.' P.. box 4844. . Call.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BAROAINsT^^"
$1200 buys a good cottage, 4 rooms and
bath: lot 50x150; a snap. !
$2500 buys S-room house; lot 35x150; a bar- ,
gain.
See th« ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— In Alameda, furnished small cot-
tage or housekeeping rooms for 3 months;
state price: narrow gauge preferred. Box
4S48. Call office. - .
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; owner leaving for southern part
of State; handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; good location; fine view; lot 70x160;
will sell at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
ply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station. . '\
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath ; high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1900— A BARGAIN; a 2-story building of 10
. rooms In 2 flats: lot 33x90 feet; rented for
$22 per month; owner going East. HUGH
M. CAMERON. 1058 Broadway. . . - .
OAKLAND^P^U^NJTJURJB^yOR^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this monthtT21
6CHELLHAA8. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOTT HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 802 — Sunny front suite, furnished "for
housekeeping; reasonable. ;
FIFTH, 853 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
2. $15; 3. $20: single. $4, $5 to $7.
HOWARD. 935%— Two sunny rooms for houee-
keepg., complete; hot, cold water; reasonable.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front and back parlor suite,'
complete for housekpg. $25; other, gulte. $18.
JACKSON. 1513 — Two nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; private; reasonable." ..-
MCALLISTER, - 536 — Nicely furnished ' sunny
suite; sink; : gas range; bath; laundry; . $10.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-—! Co"«
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished '^housekeeping:
..rooms; $175 week. ;. . - . .
OCTAVIA. 1303. corner Geary — Sunny parlor;
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single. $8 up.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Sunny parlor;
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single, $8 up.
O'FARRELL, 431 — Suite sunny rooms; fur-
nished for housekeeping. V - ¦ >" ,
SEVENTH, 28— Nicely . furnished sunny suite,
$15; others $12, $10. $8 and $6. , ¦ ¦
SEVENTH, 178 — 2 'nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; large yard; stationary tubs.
SEVENTH, 191— Large sunny rooms, furnished
complete, for housekeeping. ¦ ' ,
STOCKTON, 1206 — Nicely furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms; free gas and
stove; model house; $4. $6, $8 and $10. \
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth — 5 sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor, 2 bedrooms, din-
ing-room and kitchen; $18; no children.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— Two
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete. , ¦:¦-¦¦¦¦..¦'' •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been ' established at 1096,
Valencia st. " -
ROOMS TO LET— Fan. and Urifnrn.
ARG YLE HotelT^lMcAnister— New. elegant,'
sunny; 75c day upward; rates •¦ by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room, in California attached. :
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; -$1 25 to $5 per week, and
light' housekeeping' rooms; open 'ait night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month: bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (otd No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single;. also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD,' 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 112% — Two rooms in. back of shaving
parlor. ¦ • ' '
ELEGANTLY furnished front room, for one or
two. 1523 Clay st. > . • • .
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50, $6 week; open: all night.
ELLIS, 685. ' corner Larkln — Bay-window , al-
cove with mantel; 2or 3 men preferred.' -
FULTON, 881 — Elegant front suite rooms with
bath; modern improvements. ¦ ' . ,
GEARY. 428 (The Gage)— An elegant suit of
sunny rooms-; also single; the above, house
has changed .hands . and . been . renovated.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in' a' first-
class family hotel. Address L.- ,H. : - C.,' 26
Montgomery st., room 14. ¦ . •
GROVE, 26 — Sunny furnished room; rent
reasonable; gentlemen only. ¦ -. ¦
LARKIN, 414^— Middle flat; furnished room.
MINNA, 731— A large room, nicely furnished.
MOSS, 23, off Howard — A sunny furnished front
room, suitable for two, ' - - .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up;. 35c a day -up.
NINTH. 113 — Large sunny. front room -suitable i
for 2 gentlemen; also front single room,
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny . furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent Hght, |
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1.50; week, $2
to $8 month, $8 to $30, elevator on ground*
floor; rooms .with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. "28 Eighth St.,
- near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 102214, nr. Hyde — Large double par-
lors. furnished; sun all day; phone.
TAYLOR. 810 — Sunny front room, $8; another,
$10; quiet, 'select location.
TURK. 543, near. Polk — Large- front, room;
grate, gas and bath; $3 60 per week.
Vendome. 1104 Market — Chanced hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites. ¦ Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established - at 1096
- Valencia st. - - - - - - ; - -
ROOMS AND BOARD/ V
MEREDITH, 218 Turk^Sunny_front .rooms';
¦ ' electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
Lambourne. 420 Eddy— High-class hotel; furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
LIBERTY. 30, near Valencia— Nice sunny
rooms, with board;. Mission warm belt. ' .
VAN NESS.- 915 — Excellent board and room
for couple. $45; single. $20.
VAN NESS. 607 — To a refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board. In private home.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS .VXD BOARD WANTED.
FAMILY of 4 adults wish 3 rooms and board
' (breakfast and dinner) on or before May 1:
state terms. Box 1577, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
• CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 940; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES " AND SUPPLIES.
ALL klndg bought, 1 sold, rented,' exchanged- re-
. pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., "repairlni?-
lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND _ WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
SUMMER RESORTS. ~~. '¦
TO lease — Kenllworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely., furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot water, baths; electric
lights; .heaters throughout: elevators, etc-
rent lows Apply MADISON- & BURKE, 30
Montgomery st. ' . ,
LITERATURE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly). The
, New Century (weekly) ; write for eamply
copies and book' list to The Theosophical
Publishing Company, International Head-
quarters of Universal Brotherhood and Theo-
'-sophical Society, Point ¦ Loma, Cal. - •. - •
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN"TY^EWRITER¥-iwe
sell better machines for less money than. any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING^AND^MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2e; mim-
t-ographlng. 927 Market, rm. 301: Jessie 1554.
' PROPOSALS.
&A.n"-"frXnCISCO, Cal., " March"~i5~ 1902 —
-Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will -be- re-
ceived at this office until 11 a. m., Monday
April 14, 1902, and then opened for "Doing
all the Printing, and- furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year endin* ; June 30 1903 "
Preference will be given to articles . of do-
• • mesttc production or manufacture, conditions
of quality and price (Including In the price
of foreign productions or , manufacture , the
; duty thereon) . being equal. The - United
States reserves the right to reject or accept
.any or all proposals In whole or in • part
-' Information furnished j on application to un-
dersigned. Envelopes containing proposals
- should be marked "Proposals for Printing,"
and addressed to D.' D. WHEELER Deputy
Quartermaster^ General, ¦ U. S. ¦ Army, Chief
Quartermaster.; :¦'-*•.:
PROPOSALS for : purchase of U. 8. Army,
transport ROSECRANS.— Office . of General
Superintendent, . Army . Transport Servic* 36
- New Montgomery st.. San Francisco - Cal
April 7. 1902. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate
for the purchase of the • Army -. transport
ROSECRANS will be received in this- office
until 12 m.. April 24. 1902,; and then opened
Vessel to be delivered to successful bidder In
San Francisco, Cal. The appraised value cf
said vesf el Is one hundred thousand dollars.
The Government reserves the right to reject
¦ any, or all • proposals. Envelopes containing
proposals . should be Indorsed 1 "Proposal for
purchase of Army < transport ROSECRANS,"
and addressed to the General Superintendent
; Army Transport Service, -San Francisco, ¦ Cal'-
. .Particulars as 'to bonds required,' : and ¦„ in-
' formation as. to the character o£ vessel, etc ;
¦: furnlFhed 'on 'application- ; ¦- :^' ¦ .;¦:,..!-
. <¦ ¦ ¦
Hart, and sister of Mrs. ; Mamie Cottle. Mrs.
Delia Hertz and Maggie and Josle Hart, a
native of Rhode Island, aged 33 years and 24
days. : ¦-•;" ¦¦¦;-¦ -\ •'.. '¦ ;¦- ¦-.¦ , ¦¦•':•:
,tlC7"Friends and-, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at - 9 :30 o'clock." from the funeral
"parlors of James McGing & Co.. 214 Eddy
."street.: ¦: Interment- Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENRIKSON— In ': Oakland. April 10, v 1902,
George,- beloved , son of Iver and Mary Hen-
.'".rlkson,- and- brother of Jrene, Grace, Mabel,
: . Elsie and : ; Henry ; ; Henrikson. ~~ a :¦¦ native - of
.'Litchfleld, Nebr., aged lyear 11 months and
;• 23 days. ',;¦ . ..- .' - '• ¦ . ¦' . , . ..:. . '- .-
i :¦ ¦ IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
: ': fully '*. Invited '-. to ¦ attend v the - funeral . services
- Saturday, April 12. 1902. at 3 o'clock, at the
. " home of his parents, 358 Seventh street, Oak-
land., ¦ Interment -Mountain View Cemetery,
"Oakland, Cal. " , - "¦
HUB— In this city, April 10. 1902. .Meriam
- Hub, beloved wife of Peter Hub, a native of
•Philadelphia. Pa., aged 73 years 9 months
"¦ and' 16 days. •" •• -.•'.: .. '
¦ ¦ E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ~ Invited "to attend the- funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock,' from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. , Truman & Co.. 1909
, Mission street. " between Fifteenth and Slx-
- • teenth. " Remains can be viewed at her late
: residence, 13^7 Natoma street, .between Four-
"teenth arid Fifteenth, until 1 o'clock Satur-
. flay, , Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
-.V carriage. ''?•*•; ;'¦¦-. >' ; ' ¦:.--."•¦¦
IM3AND— In-: this city.' April 11, 1902.' Celes-
tlne, beloved daughter of. John and Kather-
¦! - ine Imsattd; a native. of San Francisco, aged
-2 months. and 28 days.;.. . ¦. ¦
KANE— In' this city, April 0. 1902, : Eugene
"Kane, a native of Ireland, aged "64 years. '
KROGER— In ; this ctty. "at the Ocean Beach,
April 11, 1902, Captain C. F. Kroger.' be-
loved husband of -Bertha Kroger, and father
of Mrs. A. ;s. Archer _andJFred C. and George
S. Kroger, a native of ' Elmshorn, Holstein,
.' Germany,' . aged 62 years 6 months and 12
days. . A member of Washington Lodge .No.
60,, A;> O. ,: U. . W.; and Master ; Mariners'
; Benevolent Association.. . ' ;? . .
. ; (CFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
'fully" invited to. attend the funeral. tor morrow
(Sunday), ¦ at -.2:3Q o'clock, from' the j parlors
.-.of PI..F.Suhr.& Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
••tween. Seventh. and Eighth. .Interment I. O.
• O..F. Cemetery. -.- .*¦¦'¦'¦'/ ¦
•LACY— In San Leandro, April , 10, 1902, Harry,
husband of Charlotte Lacy, a native of Eng-
. land,- aged 60 years. ¦
. icy Notice of funeral hereafter. '
McCOLLOUGH— In this city, April 11, 1902, at
the .residence 'of Mrs.- Rosanna Rennison. 17
¦ street. William Park McCoIlough, a
natlvP';of ' County" Antrim, Ireland, azed 73
¦¦ yeara.'.'.-v '•.¦ "'. ,.¦¦•¦ ¦ ¦ =.-¦¦¦'¦¦ . :. !
McCONVILLE— In Point Richmond. ADril 8,
-lt>02." David P., dearly beloved son of the late
Patrick and Catherine McConviUe. and
-brother of John, J.- and. Henry P. McConville,
a native of- San Francisco, aged 36 years 1
.'month and 21 days.
CyFrlends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday),'- at lio'clock, from, the ; funeral
• parlors of Valente; Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
: ton street, between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MpMAHON— In this city, April 10. 1902, Au-
gustus J.; beloved husband of. Helena M.
j . McMahon,. and- father of Augustus M. Mc-
. Mahcn, a natlve'of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
.54 years. . .- ¦• •
.. - ICTRemalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
\ GallaKher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
¦ street. ¦ ¦ -
MATTHIAS— In this city, April 10, 1902, Cath-
" erine, beloved daughter of Theresa and Her-
. man - Matthias, and sister of -Ella. Genevieve
' and John Matthias, a native of San Fran-
' clsco, aged 5 years and 2 months.
MITCHELL— In this city,'. April 11, 1902, El-
• irier Nells Mitchell, beloved son of Harry J.
and Jennie Mitchell, and brother of Archie
and.- Vera- Mitchell, a native of San Fran-
' Cisco, 1 aged 10 years 1 month and 4 days.
MURPHY — In 1 this city, April 9, 1902, Wll-
. Ham,, dearly . beloved husband of Johanna
Murphy, ¦. loving father of Catherine," Josle,
Margaret. James, William and Daniel Mur-,
phy,; and . beloved brother of John and Mar-
" iraret Murphy, a native of County -Kilkenny,
-Ireland,' aged 50 years 11 months and 21
days. ¦ ¦'-¦ ¦¦¦',.-, ¦ '¦¦•'•. . ¦ -
tC?Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
i . fully 'invited to attend ; the funeral . to-day
-(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, 'from his late resl-
: dence,, 1516 Sanchez street, .. thence to St.
.-. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
NEAME— In Oakland. April 10. 1902, Charles
Neame, a native of Alameda, aged 22 years
1- month and ti days.
. ¦¦:"- 5 IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully • invited : to attend the -funeral services
j Saturday, April 12, at 1 o'clock, at the First
-Presbyterian v- Church, corner- Central and
. Versailles : i avenues, . Alameda. - ¦ Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. . ' ; ' , '.
PARKS— In this city, April 10." 1902, Mary
Parks, beloved mother of Mrs. William Pike,
Mrs. Peter Belcher, Mrs. Albert Peavey and
:.. Robert. B.: Parks, a native of Scotland, aged
" 82 years. (Stockton and Calaveras papers
.'please copy.) -¦•*•!¦ .•..¦-.:•'..
. .. C7" Funeral at Milton,' Cal., Monday after-
noon. Remains ..at the mortuary chacel of
-, the Golden Gate Under takinc Company, 2475
. t Mission street," near Twenty-first,', until /Mon-
PETERSON— In this city, April 11,- 1902.
¦Charles Alexander Cassea. beloved child of
- ' Captain' Charles G. F.' and Amanda M. Peter-
' son, and brother of Louise,- Marie and Allln
' H. Peterson, . a native of California, . aged . S
'•months 'and 17. days. _¦ ' .. . . ¦•( •
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 13, -at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his parents, 1576 Treat avenue.
PLUMMER— In Alameda. April. 11, 1902, Cap-
- - tain George Plummer, father of Mrs. . J. A.
Magagnos and Albertlne, William P. and
George E.' Plummer, a native of Alna. Me.,
aged 86 years. ! (Maine papers please copy.)
". (n^Funeral from the family residence, 1244
Sherman street, Alameda (Morton-street sta-
I tion), Sunday, April 13, at 12 :45 o'clock. In-
terment private. - : ¦ . . • . -¦'¦/. \ ¦
SHADWELL^-In Redington Springs, April 11.
1902, Jack Shadwell,- a native of Butte,
' .'Mont.; aged 28 years 1 month and 17 days.
STANFORD — In this city, April 10, 1902, My-
ron E-, beloved. husband of Eugenia B. Stan-
ford, and eldest son of Helen C. and the late
Charles P.. Stanford, a native of California,
aged 46 years. . ' ¦ - - ' . '
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral services
" Saturday, April 12, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at
.St. Paul's Episcopal . Church, California
street, . near Steiner. Interment private.
SWAIN— In this city. April 10, 1902. Edward
1 Robinson Swain, brother of. | Frank ¦ A. and
Charles ,W. Swain, a native • of New York,
ased 50 years. ' ¦ ¦-
•'. inyFriends and. acquaintances are' respect-
fully "invited to» attend the funeral to-morrow
.' (Sunday), at 2- o'clock,' from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices . of California Lodge No.
"1, F. and A. M. ' v
TYSON— In this city. April" II, 1902, Peter
Tyson, beloved son of Captain M. j and Mrs.
t-M. Tyson, and brother of Sybil Tyson, a na-
. tive of • California, aged 4 months and 25
. ¦¦days..- ...':' ¦ ¦. >. ¦.. ¦; * - , ¦ ¦ ¦ . •
WILSON— In ' the City and County Hospital.
April - 11." 1902, Charles Wilson, a native of
-New York, aged 29 years. .
OFFICE of the Contra Costa: Water Company,
¦ room 16, second floor, -Mills' building, i San
Francisco. April 8, 1902 — Dividend No. 109 of
42 cents 'per share on the capital stock of- the
: Contra Costa" Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company," room 16, second
floor;. Mills building.-, on '."April 15; transfer
books will close: on April 8 at 3 p:.m.. ED-
. WARD : McGARY.r Secretary. \-
| LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco, - March 31,
¦ 1902. — Notice. — Certain goods remaining 'one
-year in | Bonded Warehouse will be sold at
public auction at '.the United States Apprais-
er's Store on the 24th. of April, 1902, at 10
o'clock a. m. ;¦ Descriptive catalogues can -be
had at the Custom-house -on 'April -19,' 1902,
or at the time and place of sale.i-F S.
•¦¦STRATTON, Collector. . ' L -.':.". •. ' ".
OFFICE of the Sierra Railway Company- of
j California. 229 Crocker bldg... San Francisco,
Cal.. April 1. 1902 — Coupon No. 10, due April
; 12. 1902, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
• ' of the Sierra. Railway Company of Califor-
nia, will be paid at the fiscal agency r.f this
company, the Crocker-Woolworth . National
Bank . of San Francisco; Cal.. on arid after
that date. S. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.,
MABRIAGE LICENSES. /^
The following marriage licenses* were' issued
yesterday: \ \ ,'¦ ...-.;¦,. ; , r ¦.-.-,.. .:
„• Jose S.. An^elo," 32, -Arroyo Grande, and Cas-
tula R. • Agrui!ar,"31, Arroyo Grande. •-:..-• !
' . Thomas - Hughes. '.H. -2625% Mission-street,
and Anr.ie MsClure, 28, 2630 Mission -street, i
Adolf Liebmann. 40, city, andSallie .MorrU,
34, city. - .
» I Joseph Grosskopf, 40. 23 Vandewater 'street,
and Dora RIedol, 35, 572 Chestnut street 1
¦Charles J. Barry. 21," 2045 Ellis street, and
Elizabeth H. Regan, 18, 2039 Ellis street;-. >¦
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
•Birth, ..marriage and > death : ' not Ices -sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must; be handed
in at either of the publication . of fices and 1 be
Indorsed I with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized j to have the same - published.
' l ' " ¦¦ ' —bobn.'.;' — "„„ .*"
ABRAHAM— In this city, -April 7, 1002, to the
wife of Nathan - Abraham, a ¦ son. '. •' .- ;¦«
CASEY— April 10, 1902,! to the wife 1 ot J. T.
¦.Casey of Colma, San Mateo County, a-son.-:
, MARRIED. . .-¦:'::¦-'"'¦}(}¦¦
LONG— SCHLEUTER— In this "city, Aoril <11
1002, by the Rev. E.-F. DInsmore, George S.
I Long Jr. ¦ and ¦ Charlotte M.- Schleuter, both
of San Francisco. ¦ -,. ; - '. • ,¦ . .¦
STONE— STREHL— April 9, 1902, by 'the Rev.
. G. A. Bernthal, Charles H. ¦ Stone and Car-
' rle. B. Strehl. . ,- . ' V ;.' ,i. -..
¦.died:..'-' U'.-'::.:^-''-."
Anthony, William T: Kroger, Capt.-; C. F.
Bangs, Mrs. N. " ¦¦¦• ¦ " Lacy. Harry t- .' ,.
Black, Harry - - McCoIlough, -Wm. P.
Cames, Pierre McConville, David P.
. Candy, Catherine M. McMahon, Augustus
Dixon, Catherine A. l Matthias. Catherine
Doyle. Dr. Joseph H. Mitchell. Elmer N.
Duignan, Thomas J. Murphy, William
. Dunlap. Theresa "•. Neame; Charles •.'¦
Edwards. Margaret Parks, Mary,'. \: =
¦ Emerson, Charles F.' Peterson, Chas.'A". C.
Fritz, Carl ... Plummer, Capt.' Geo.
Hart, Nellie ' Shadwell, Jack-
Henrikson. George Stanford, Myron E.
Hub. Meriam . Swain, Edward R. .
. Imsand. Celestlne . Tyson,- Peter •
Kane, Eugene ¦. '. Wilson. Charles >
ANTHONY— In this city. April 11, 1902. Wil-
liam T. Anthony, beloved son of Thomas ¦ B.
and Alice M. Anthony, and brother of- Louis,
Manion, Alfred and' Nathaniel Anthony, a
native of Japan, aged IS years 'and 4 months.
BANGS — In Livermore. Cal., Aprils 11. '1902,
Mrs. N. Bangs, a native of Ohio', aged = 61
years. - - . . . " ¦*'"- •¦¦• ;
- tC?"Friends and acquaintances ». are- respect-
- fully -invited to attend -the. funeral 7 , from . her
', late residence at Livermore on Sunday, Apr.' I
13, at 2 o'clock.
BLACK— In this city, April 11. 1902, Harry
Black, a native .of Canada, aged (J3 years.
EJTuneral services Sunday, April 13,.. at
the reKidence of hls'son, John A. Black.' 3625
Twenty-third street, at 3 o'clock. ': Deceased
leaves a widow and one aonl ¦ •' -
CAMES — In this city, 'ADril .11,;' 1902,' Plerrfe,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. | Sara Cames,
dearly - beloved- father of Louis, "Frank and.
Leon tine Cames and Mrs. Mary ' Taravellier,
' and father-in-law of. Mrs. Louis and; Mrs.
Frank Cames and Mr. Justin Taravellier. a
..native of j France,": aged 59 . years U and 6'
months. : " '•, .. ¦ : . '„ '.:.¦. ; .
C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the 'funeral ' Sunday.
April 13. . 1902, .at 12:30 o'clock. . from his
-late residence, .4247. Nineteenth street, near
¦Diamond,' -.thence to Odd .Fellows'. .Hall.
' Seventh arid « Market streets, 'Where services
.. will-, be held ' under the : auspices,, of .Frarico-
. American" LodK?_No._20J,^9mmen5lI»t at 1:
6'clockT'Tt " i .¦>'•;-.'*:%¦ --¦-. : "'v.- 6 . r . :
CANDY— In this city, April '11, 1902,' Catherine
Maria Candy, beloved wife of J. M. . Candy,
a native of New York, . aged '46. '.years 5
months and 9 days. ' ¦ '. .!.*- " - , ¦
DIXON— In Mill .Valley, April 11, 1902, Cath-
erine A. Dlxon, a ¦ native of New York, ag<*d
21 years 4 months and 5 days. -.- '
> C^Notice ¦ of funeral hereafter. . • ~
DOYLE— In this city,. April 11, 1002,- Dr. Jo-
seph H. Doyle, beloved eon "of. Peter and
. Mary . Doyle, and brother of Stanley. Irene.
Orrar and Helen Doyle, a native of Kedwood
City, Cal., aged 24 years '8 months . And 18
•_ days. \ .- -¦ .'• ¦¦* ¦¦ -. " ;.: '•.''.¦¦'., ¦ '
CyThe! funeral, will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2804 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
• Interment Menlo Park, by 10:40 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. •
OFFICERS and members of Phil Sheridan
Council "No." 72. Y. . M. I., are .requested to
; meet at Mangels Hall, Twenty-fourth' an-l
. Folsom streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:15
o'clock, to attend the funeral of . our late
brother, Dr. Joseph H. Doyle. -
: P. J. DONOVAN. President.
D. E. GOGGIN. Secretary. '.- . .
DUIGNAN— In this : city, .April 10/1902,
Thomas J.. husband - of the late Dora J.
Duignan, beloved father..of, Dorothy, Francis
. Joseph and Winifred Dulenan, and brother
of Michael and Jcbn Duignan, a' native of
County -Lei trim, Ireland,-, aged. 45 years,.-.- »
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Sunday), at 12 o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence. , 214 Wayland '.street, off 'Sari' Bruno
j avenue, thence to All Hallows' Church. : for
services, commencing at 1 ' o'clock.'- 'A- sol-
emn tequtem mass will be celebrated" for the
repose of hia soul Monday, .-April. 14, at All
. Hallows'. Church, at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.. . ¦ .; :
DUNLAP— In Oakland, April 10, 1902, Theresa
Dunlap. beloved wife of the late Henry Dun-
lap, mother of William and the late Jennie
Dunlap, and sister of Mary Kennedy/ 'a na-
tive of Connecticut. ... :" . ,-, .: .
= .- (CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend "the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, . 710 Sixth ; street, thence to ! the
Church of the Immaculate Conception,: where.
a solemn high mass will - be celebrated , for
,the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. .
EDWARDSr-In . this city, April -10, j 1902, Mar-
garet Edwards, a native of California," aged
-22 years and 17 days. . s -.-... | ¦ ,
: • |C7"Remains at the mortuary chapel, of -the
.Golden Gate : Undertaking Comnany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. -... -,. ¦:-,-' t
EMERSON— In tM« : city. . April ' 11, 1002,
Charles .F. Enierson, beloved .son of Charles
and Bertha Emerson, and grandson of Julius
.Erlenhelm,! a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years and 4 months.; ; .'
FRITZ-r-In this city. -April' 11, 1902, Carl Frits.
•¦' a native of Frledberg, in Hessen,, aged' 50
years 7 'months and 11 'days.r 1 ¦¦-;• ¦-.- •
ICyFrierids and acquaintances 'are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at • 10 - o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H.F. Maass, 017 Mission street.
Cremation -Cypress Lawn Cemetery. :
HART— In Fort " Bragg, April 10, 1002, 'Nellie
'Hart, beloved daughter of Rodger and Delia
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
'"/(Successor to Flannagan &. Gallagher.) "¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMERS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. •
•¦"•;•....-. .Telephone South 80. ;..•-> ¦¦¦f. : .'
Mt. Olivet Cemeteryi
NEAREST, THE, CITY.- ; ---.'- : - ¦' {"'\'
Office, 916 Market Street.
» . ' Telephone Bush 367. .
I JAMBS MCGINN,
Formerly "with McGinn - Bros.,-- has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
' Taylor.: and Jones. * Telephone South' 576. " ¦ ¦
NEW FIRM * OF i UNDERTAKERS.
'•.'.:' Samuel McFadden.'lS years manager 'for
"- the • United . Undertakers' Association; M J
¦iMcBrearty.- with -the- same company for 18'
¦'years; P. F. Green, late with J. ! C.*O'Con-
inor.& Co., have opened new ' Funeral - Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st./ between Seventh.
; and < Eighth. '.)¦ Telephone South j 44. f " , .
REMOVED!
McGlNNBROSi.-"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS £ and EMB ALM-
ERS, to 224. and 226 McAllister st; > (For-
merly of 31 ~Edd^_gt^j_iTel. South. -2S2.) -¦:-
JOHNFlGONi^
Formerly head. man at J.' ' Jacquemet '&' Co.'s,'
25 : Fourth st., i Is now ' with ., SHIBELEY, ¥ the
florist;" 311- Sutter •t., i ., where he .will, be pleased
to ' sea ' all I ot ¦ his '•¦ old-time customers.' First-
class work and 'popular; prices.*,' Cut \ this out." r.Is what makes your room pleasant to live
In. We can give you pretty mattings In
any tint you want. They cost very little,
but wnen you have mounted on them
half-tones or any pretty pictures you
chance to see you will have an enviable
collection. Call and see what we have in
mattings, pictures, and frames. Sanborn
Van & Co.. 741 Market street. , •
Your Own Good Taste
president Anderson met the general
coistnittee in charge of the arrangements
for the convention this evening In the
St. James Hotel. Chairman J. R. Patton
Secretary Allen Brent and the chairmen
of most of the sub-committees were pres
ent. All of the details of the big gath
ering were g-one over, and the various
committees reported what had been done.
President Anderson reported that more
than 2000 delegates would certainly be
nere-and the meeting would be the great
est gathering in the history of .California
Republicans.
The convention will be called to order
on Monday morning at 11 o'clock In the
Auditorium by President Alden Ander
sen. An address of welcome by J. R. Pat
ten, chairman of the local committee, will
be responded to by President Ander
son. The committee on credentials
will be . appointed, and a recess
taken until 2 o'clock. The real work of
the convention probably will not begin
until Tuesday morning, and the time in
tervening will be filled in with oratory.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Duncan Mc-
Kinley, of San Francisco; Frank H.
Short of Fresno and Judge Burnett of
Santa Rosa are on the programme for ad«
dresses on Monday evening.
The Army and Navy League is prepar
ing to open headquarters In the Maccabee
Hull.
The streets of the city will be ueco
rated with flags, and there will be band*
at the station to meet the special train*
bringing delegates. On Monday night
there is to be a band concert in St. James
Park.
All of the old "warhorses" of. the Re
publican party have engaged accommo
dations at the hotels, and will be here in
force. Among them are Governor Gage,
Senator Thomas Flint Jr., Dr. Paraee,
Senator Cutter, Colonel George Stone,
E. P. Edson, S. M. Shortrldge. George A.
Knight, Colonel E. F. Preston, ¦ Mayor
Schmitz, Senator Bulla, Dan Kevane— In
fact every politician of note In California
will be on hand. .
Interest Increased to-day with the ar.
rival of Alden Anderson, the president,
and Jacob Steppacher, the secretary, of
the State League. F. H. Cory, secretary
of the Union League of San Francisco,
was another arrival, and arranged for
headquarters for the organization In the
Hotel St. James.
SAN JOSE, .-.prll 11- The advance
guard of politicians for the Republican
League Club convention is arriving-. By
Sunday evening, it is expected, all will
be here. The local Republicans have
about completed arrangements for the
meeting. It Is believed the attendance
will be larger than was expected. Nearly
2300 delegates are reported as coming,
end it Is believed that nearly as many
more visitors will accompany them. The
city is taking on a political air, and the
locaV politicians are making themselves
numerous and affable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republicans Begin the
Trek to the Club
Convention.
LEAGUE LEADERS
REACH SAN JOSE
- Business men congregate at Cats ZIjv
tand for lunch. Good service. •
; 8«kini Van »nd Btemri Co. htvi loo locked
rcemi for household goods. Office 630 Market. *
Claude :Biirton and Fred Williams were
held to ; answer before the Superior Court
by ; Judge Mogan . yesterday on a charge
o£ attempt < to commit burglary. They
were arrested by : ; Policeman . Clay last
Sunday, night -while attempting to break
into the store of .the Golden West' Cigar
Company, 247. Fifth street.
Burglars Caught at Work.
* The Fremont Republican Club /met last
night at its headquarters, 16 Geary. street.
An .unusually^ large number of 'members
were on hand - to ; listen to a > lecture by
Bert Estes -Howard; on ; the subject' of
"Democracy and' Education." - '.a.;
Lecture to Republicans.
• Joe- La'unde .was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives' Reynolds
and Dinan on a charge of burglary.' . He
is accused of breaking into : the room of
Samuel Oliver in the Hotel Roma,". 818
Kaniome street, about a month ago and
stealing a gold watch and chain and $20.
He was arrested last Monday while, try
ing to dispose of the watch. , ; Oliver,' who
Ilve3 In Portland, arrived yesterday and
Identified the watch.
general invitation has been Issued to the
members of the league and to all Repub
licans to participate. There will -be en
tertainment and refreshments. The league
has appointed S32 . delegates to the - State
Convention of Republican Clubs, to be held
at . San Jose. : They will leave next • Mon
day morning. Details of the trip will- be
announced at the headquarters . to-night*
Charged With. Burglary.
"With a view to urging immediate action
by the Board 6"I Supervisors * regarding
the donation- of $25,000 by; Andrew Mc«
Creery to build a branch library . Mayor
Bchmltz sent the following communica
tion to the board and also to the Public
Library Trustees :
' Executive Department, Mayor's Of flea,'
April 10. 1902.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
Gentlemen: .1 have 'the honor to Inform you
that I have this day ' received a notice from
one of our Dubllc-splrited citizens, Andrew B.
McCreery, that he has deposited, payable to
my order, with th9 -Mercantile -Trust' Company
of. San Francisco, the sum of $25,000, for the
purpose of establishinc a branch of - th^ Free
Public , Library, of San Francisco ; In ¦ »uch a
locality and at such time and In such manner
as • the Board of Supervisors, .the' Board af
Library Trustees and my self . may . determine.
It is a source of congratulation that this
munificent- gift la so opportune, inasmuch
as the Committee on Public Utilities have
under consideration the- selection of a site
for the main library building donated by Mr.
Carnegie. This gift is made unconditionally,
and I would suggest. that as soon as possible
we take i steps toward according the city the
benefit of the same. Very ; truly yours, •
E. E. . SCHMITZ, Mayor.
Creery's Donation for- a Branch
Public Library.
Notifies Supervisors of Andrew , Mc-
MAYOR URGES BOARD TO
TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION"
Chief of Police George W. Wittman , la
anxious- Jo attend ' the . International con
vention of Chiefs of Police, which twill
open In Louisville, Ky., on May' 7, "but
owing to his presence In this, city .being
necessary to aid in securing the proposed
Increase in the police force,* It is doubtful
if he will be able to undertake the jour
ney. He said last night that the con
vention will be the most interesting and
valuable of its kind . ever held in this
country- All the important cities of the
United States will be represented by the
head executives of their police depart
ments, and many of the notable criminal
catchers of Europe huve signified their
intention of attending. The convention
will last four days and the city' of .Louis
ville is making extensive preparations for
entertaining the: visiting officials. •¦¦ .
Convention.
Him From Going to Louisville
Fight to Increase Force May Prevent
CHIEF WITTMAN FEARS . ,; •
HE CANNOT BE PRESENT
Detectives Bailey and Riordan, with O.
H, Schaef er and Miss Mabel Miller, spent
nearly all day yesterday searching In the
neighborhood of Trocadero and Ingleslde
for clew3 that might lead to the discovery
of Schaefer's wife and . mother-in-law,
whose disappearance Tuesday afternoon
led the family to fear that a tragedy
had occurred. At 5 o'clock they returned
to Schaefer's home at 1126 Mission street,
weary and discouraged, and much to their
surprise they found' the objects of their
search in the house, .comfortably, en
sconced in easy chairs. v
The surprise was mutual, lor Mrs.
Schaef er and her mother, Mrs. Eva Mil
ler, had not read the newspapers, and did
not luxow that, an appeal had been made
to the police department to find them or
to discover their fate.-
To the astonished detectives and rela
tives the women said that they left Ingle
slde about half past 6 o'clock.. They, got
off>the car at Sixth street to go to the
Schaef eir home, as Mrs. Miller was feeling
ill and the daughter was afraid that her
sister, Miss Mabel Miller, would be fright
ened into illness If she took the. mother
to her home. at 845 Mission street. Mrs.
Miller- became very much worse, they re
late, and the two went to a - Sixth-street
lodging-house and took a room, where
they passed the~ day from Tuesday until
yesterday . afternoon.
Mrs. Miller and Mrs. Schaeffer decline
to : tell \ the name of the lodging-house
where they stayed, and Schaef er Is not
inclined to discuss the episode. ~ He is
satisfied with their - explanation and the
detectives are breathing easily again,
happy to have ' escaped the difficulties of
another murder mystery.
Accuses Bookkeeper of Forgery.
¦ John M. Glennan of 2114% Geary street
swore .to a complaint in Judge . Cabaniss'.
court yesterday charging T. W. Colt with,
forgery. He alleges that Colt forged his
name , to two . . notes with the Austin
Surety Company for; $60 on March 3 an( i
obtained the money: Colt was formerly
bookkeeper for J. de la Montanya & Co.,
and Glennan . knew him . when he • was
employed there. ; Glennan states that
Colt has - been representing • himself as
Glennan to a number of friends and busi
ness men and obtaining the loan of money
on that representation. '• ' ¦¦•'.'.- ... •'
Mrs. Eva Miller and Her
Daughter Surprise
Detectives.
Supervising" j Inspector - Bermingham
Decides That the Local Inspectors
Gave a Proper Judgment.
" Captain J. F. Cattarlnich must wait un
til the^4th of next September before- he
may stride the deck/ of an ocean steamer
as her master. His license was suspended
February 13 by "United States Local •In
spectors Bolles and Bulger for unskillful
ness- 1 and; negligence in navigating the
'steamer, San' Bias, which went on a reef
last' December near La Libertad, Salva
dor. . He appealed from the judgment of
the local inspectors to Captain John Ber
minghain Supervising Inspector for the
First, District. Captain Bermlngham
handed -down ; an opinion yesterday sus
taining the action of the lower court. The
license -which was suspended would expire
on the 4th of next September, after which
date Cattarlnich will be at liberty to ap
ply for a new license.-
Asks Support for Exclusion Bill
The regular Friday evening meeting of
the Iroquols : Club was held last nleht at
the club Quarters in Pythian Castle. A
telegram was- ordered:- sent t6. Senator^ J.
K. Jones asking him to support the
Kahn-MJtchell 'bill. •-,.- . . '
MISSING WOMEN
AT HOME AGAIN
CAPTAIN CATTABINICH . .
LOSES ON HIS APPEAL
Overland Limited on exhibition, Oakland
Pier to-night. Secure invitation at South
ern Pacific Information Byreau, 613 Mar
ket street. . ''¦ •¦
"Obiter Dicta," Frank H. Gould of San
Francisco; reading of the Declaration' of Inde
pendence, Thomas "VV. ,;Hlckey ' of Sanl Fran
cisco: "Thomas Jefferson," D.. M. Delmaa of
San Francisco : ' 'Democracy ¦ and Future Leg
islation," J. B. Sanford of Mendocino County;
"Triumphant Democracy," C. : E. McLaughlin
ot Plumaa County; "Our ¦ Country,'^ ¦ R. M.
Fitzgerald of Alameda County: "The Press,"
A. H. Barendt of San; Francisco; "Why I Am
a - Democrat." Thomas O. . Toland of -Ventura
County; /'The Workshop and- the School,"
Maurice T. Dooling of San Ben I to County;
"Democracy and the • Farmer,'-. ' J. 5 F. • Cponan
of Humboldt County; "What the Democratic
Party Has Done for This City , and , State,"
Joseph S. Tobin of San Francisco; "Democracy
and the Trust Evil," R. P. Troy of San Fran
cisco; "Human Liberty," General. W. D. Sny
man of South" Africa; "Democracy, and the
Worklngman," James G. Mag-ulre of San Fran
cisco; "The Approaching Campaign," J. C.
Si,ms of San Francisco; "Why Is the Monti
cello Club?" Louis de F. Bartlett of San Fran
cisco; "Some Straight Tips," J. D. Sproul of,
Butte County; "The Judiciary," Nicholas Bow
den of Santa Clara County; "Democracy South
of TehachaDi Pass," I... B. Dockweiler of Los
Angeles County; "The Strenuous Life," W. -M.
Conley of Madera County. ¦ : • '
But Barney is not the only, gem in the
Monticello cluster. Hastening hither from
the south is Isadore Dockweller, prepared
to exalt Jefferson dead and Snyder living.
The hint comes that the fluent Dockweiler
will launch the boom of Snyder for Gov
ernor. Barney Murphy, however,* holds
the post of honor as president of the club.
As presiding officer he cannot launch: his
own. candidacy,* but he can- reluctantly
allow some other disciple of Jefferson. to
blaze the Murphy trail through Northern
and Central California. Dockweiler, how
ever, comes fully prepared to respond to
the toast, "Democracy South of Tehach
apl." Of course this is a broad sentiment,
but geographically considered it does not
embrace Democracy south of Market
street. Here is the full list of speakers
and the toasts to which they .will re
spond:
There will be a time at the Poodle Dog
to-night when the \ warhorses of the Jef
fersonian Democracy begin to ' neigh.
Leading chargers ' of the party from all
the way along the coast, from the red
wood forests of Humboldt to the. orange
groves of Los Angeles, will gather at the
banquet board of -the Monticello.Club.
Thomas Jefferson, of course, cannot leave
the shades of Monticello to loiter at the
feast, but his spirit will animate the
orators and enjoin them to . forsake -the
yellow idols and reavow allegiance to Jef
fersonian principles. Of course ; Jefferson
was the greatest expansionist the world
ever saw or may ever see again, sad Bar
ney Murphy's speech at the Monticello
banquet to-night may evoke the. greatest
Democratic demonstration ever seen » at
the Poodle Dog. . • • ' • . . ; ' •-
Sciplo Craig, editor . of the Citrograph'
and delegate at large from the . Redlands
Club of the Republican League to the San
Jose Convention, arrived in the city yes
terday. • . ¦ ' ¦ : " . • -¦'..-.
The fcnrnU opening of th« hea<3quartern
of the Republican Primary Leftfuo ftt 19
Oeur street will take place to-nlsrht a
Al Eudulst ¦ of this city Is mentioned as
a candidate for Democratic nomination
to the office of • State Printer. ¦ He is a
pressman by trade and has many support
ers. ¦ -'-¦- :-i • -.." ' ¦ ¦-'¦'¦¦.¦ ¦¦¦¦.¦¦
Enquist Is Mentioned.
Herrin's position is somewhat peculiar.
He knows that he Is on the eve of retire
ment as political manager . of the South
ern Pacific and would therefore like to
win a victory before President Harriman
abolishes the political bureau. While Her
rin Is not a sagacious politician he knows
enough to perceive that Gape, who wpn
out in 1898 as the people's candidate, can
not win this year as the railroad's can
didate. In 1898 the forces of the party
were united to promote the election • of
Gage. Money ¦ was contributed by the
merchants, the banks, the corporations,
labor organizations and industrial insti
tutions. The war, was on and. young and
old rallied around the * flag. General
Barnes, E. P. Preston, ex-Governor
Markham, Frank H. Short, Samuel M.
Shortrldge and many other able public
speakers inspired the Republican hosts
to great enthusiasm. . The flag .was sent
to'the fronfwhlle Herrin and Burns were
discreetly concealed In the rear,- but. ready'
to 3j>ring forward when the battle was
done to grasp the fruits of victory. Her
rln Is in close touch - with leading ' repre
sentatives of the Republican State Com
mittee and knows full well that the task
of raising money In the party for a sec
ond campaign with: Gage as leader, would
be hopeless. ¦' The railroad ' company | and
the candidates ' for office ' .would be com
pelled to bear the whole burden •' of .- the"
struggle. Herrln would, not- grieve' if
Gage should get Into the Senatorial fight.
Perkins, - however, would Immediately be
gin a revision , of . Lynch' s proposed list of
candidates 'for- the- Legislature from
Southern California. The - Senator trust
ed Lynch- once but now speaks with .re
gret of misplaced confidence and a bogus
telegram... -.- '¦ \ - •
Herrin's Peculiar Position.
There Is not the slightest doubt that in
ternal dissensions exist In the Gage camp.
The Burns men are sore and surly - be
cause they know that ' Herrln - has sup
planted the colonel in the confidence of
the Executive. They know. that Burns Is
on record as declaring that he would not
do- politics with any man, high pr low,
that recognized Crimmins. They -know,
further, that Gage and Herrln, alter con
sidering-the colonel's declaration, re
solved that recognition of Crimmins
should continue and that the friends and
relatives of the little boss on the State
pay roll should remain there, even ir
Burns demanded their dismissal.
Three prominent State office-holders
who are known to be close advisers of the
Governor tell Gage that the cause of the
popular feeling against his candidacy- is
due wholly to his association with Dan
Burns. They tell him that he cannot ex
pect to re-establish himself in the public
confidence as long as Burns is recognized
as the right arm of the State administra
tion. Meanwhile Burns is sawing wood.
He has a clear notion that the hammers
are going and is awaiting results. George
A. Knlgnt, a State officer who Is .drawing
down a handsome salary as attorney to
the State Board of Health, although a
personal friend of the Governor,, is so
much chagrined over the political aspect
that he announces his determination Ho
keep away from the Ban Jose convention
and devote his energy -to ! the trial of . a
law case In the up country. If he went
to San Jose he might in the fervor of his
eloquence and the frankness of his speech
describe the true situation in the Gov
ernor's camp. •. -
Dissension in Gage Camp.
Gage's repeated - assertions In. the cam
paign of 1898 that one term as Governor of
California would fill the measure of his
political ambition are recalled. Signifi
cance is attached to Gage's recent an
nouncement of his candidacy for another
term. He intimated that he would be
governed by the wishes of the people. It
is certainly clear to the Governor and to
all of his intelligent counselors that the
Republican voters are not clamoring for
his candidacy. It Is clear, also, to the
minds of the ablest politicians that party
harmony, under Gage leadership is unat
tainable. . . . ' .
' There is more than a little agitation in
the camp of the allied bosses, and Gage
is listening to the suggestion that it
would be good politics- on his part to step
out of the contest for renomination to the
office he now holds and enter the race for
the United States Senatorship. Some of
the warmest supporters of Senator .Per
kins apprehend that such a general read
justment of plans is in contemplation by
Gage's managers. Politicians who are
supposed to have inside sources of infor
mation would not be surprised If the an
nouncement of Gage's retirement from
the gubernatorial race should be made In
clear and convincing style to the San Jose
convention. Political gossip goes to the
point of reporting that Gage's" transfer
able strength would then be given to
Prank P. Flint of Los Angeles.
Rumor That Governor
May Change Plans
of Campaign.
Snyder's Candidacy -for
Governorship May • :
Be Announced;
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
WILL BANQUET
AT POODLE DOG
5 Captain Seymour^ yesterday produced a
'statement, which made to Assist
ant'District-Attorney Harris in, the pres
ence of Detectives "Dinan and' Wren, " his
mother and the steward at the Emer
gency; Hospital. .In the statement Cardiff
said that he was returning home about
1- o'clock in the morning of March 5, and
while going upstairs one of the steps
gave way and he fell to the sidewalk. He
fell sideways on his back and struck on
the :back of his' head. ¦ Two men picked
him up and he was sent to the hospital.
He would not sign the statement, as he
did not believe he was going to die.' ¦
Attorney Harris said yesterday., that
while Cardiff was making the statement
his mother, kept interrupting and asking
her.aon to "say. that he had beenbeaten
and robbed.i and he replied, "Don't
bother,- mother; I wasn't beaten and
robbed, "but fell and hurt myself." De
tective Dinan corroborates Harris. . > ,
.Thepollce are" not making any. investi
gation. Into" the death of Joseph Cardiff
of 561 Natoma street, as they are satisfied
It was 'due "to an accident. , . ¦ '
pital Is Evidence of . the
Fact.
His Own Statement Hade in the Hos-
William H. Stinson, paying teller of the
Anglo-Californian Bank, who is being
sued for divorce by Cora Virginia - Stin
son, on the ground of cruelty, filed ; an
answer to his wife's complaint yesterday.
He denies* that he has ever treated Mrs.
Stinson cruelly.
Mary M. Williams was granted a di
vorce from Homer Williams by Judge
Kerrigan yesterday. The . decree was
granted on the ground of failure to pro
vide. . ''¦-¦
James V. Sands, who is being sued for
divorce for desertion by Marie M. Sands,
filed an answer and cross-complaint to his
wife's complaint yesterday- and charged
herewith cruelty. He denies that he ever
attacked her with , a carving knife and
that he ever threatened to cut her throat.
He admits that he. left. home, but alleges
that his leaving was due to the manner
in which she treated him. He alleges fur
ther that > he left his home on numerous
occasions rather than fight with her. He
alleges that the cause of the quarrels In
dulged in by him and his wife is his
mother-in-law, Mrs. J. H. Melneke:
Judge Seawell granted J. J. Donovan, a
machinist employed, at the Colonial Ho
tel, a divorce from Catherine Donovan
yesterday for infidelity. ,¦
¦John Otis Brown,- who was married to
Eliza E. • Brown in October, 1892, filed • a
suit for divorce yesterday, alleging deser
tion. \ • . .
Too Much Mother-in-I#aw.
¦Mrs. Seeliger asks for a restraining or
der preventing her husband from with
drawing from . banking houses 515,000 In
cash which, she alleges, he has accumu
lated since their marriage. *
Mrs. Seeliger is of • a religious turn of
mind and attends church regularly, but
her. piety, she alleges, is objected to by
*ier husband. He says, she alleges, that
all "church-goers' are cheats," and that
they go "just-for a blind." .
"I was so frightened that during his ab
sence I took the children and ran to the
home of "my mother at 3383 Mission
street," says Mrs. Seeliger.
"On one occasion,'.' alleges Mrs. Seeli- !
ger, "he sharpened two razors in my pres- j
ence and threatened to kill the whol&i
family. He left the house, after uttering^
the threat to procure a pistol, saying, as I
he did so, that when he came back there j
would be lots of bloodshed. :
She alleges further that on another oc
casion he ordered her out of • the house,
and would have : hastened her departure
by throwing her down stairs had he not
been prevented by Charles Rice and John
Horning. She alleges also that he pointed
a pistol at her one night and would have
killed her had she not grappled with him.
She was so. fearful, she alleges, that he
would carry out his threat that she sat
up all night, being afraid that if she re
tired he would kill her.
Ordered Her Out of House.
-Mrs. Seeliger' lives with her husband
and three children, two of whom are her
husband's by a former marriage, at 3318
Mission street. They were married in
August, 1896, and are in possession of con
siderable of this world's goods, most of
which, according. to the wife's complaint,
is community property. -/.. ¦/ .
.Mrs. Seeliger alleges that her husband,
ofce-night in February of this year, threat
ened v to ."fix her." He told her, she al
leges, that she was "old and good for
nothing," and that he would "cut her iir
inches" to prevent any other man getting
her. ¦ ;-¦¦¦ -
Such is the tale of marital infelicity told
by Annie E. Seeliger, wife of Ludwig See
liger, president of the Mission Meat Com
pany, in a complaint for divorce filed yes
terday. Knives, pistols and razors, 'ac
cording to "her complaint, are her hus
band's favorite weapons, ' and "she alleges
that he has for tfye last four years threat
ened to use~ them with such frequency
that Her life has become a burden. See
liger is a butcher, with an apparent Inor
dinate desire to carve things, particularly
his wife and children. " ,
--"He has treated me «r:th extreme cru
elty for the last four years. He has
threatened to knock my brains out,- cut
me In inches and to take my life and that
of my child, and also the lives of his two
children by a former marriage." . ¦ -
Mrs. Smith leaves a child 2 years of age
and a husband from whom she had been
separated. •¦¦-....
POLICE SAY CARDIFF'S. ;.
. . DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAIi
Lind' explains that -he was not present
when Mikkelson loaded the revolver,
hence did not know that there was danger
in. handling tJt. He thinks Mrs. Smith
toyed* with the weapon and that it went
off accidentally and killed her.
Mikkelson says that he has not been in
the habit of keeping the pistol loaded. He
usually has' the- cartridges in a : small bag,
but wishing yesterday to use this bag
for another purpose" he placed the shells
in the revolver and laid it on a table. I '
Mrs. Smith-then noticed Mikkelson's re
volver lying on a table and inquired if
it was -loaded. • Lind- replied "no," and
started.down the stairs 10 get some hot
water' with which" to wash his injured
hand. ~ Lind- claims that, he -had just
reached; the landing, below when he heard
the report of a pistol, and rushing back
found Mrs. Smith prostrate on the floor
'with a bullet hole in her forehead. He at
once notified the police, but ; before an
officer arrived Mrs. Smith was' dead.
The police are making an investigation
into - the circumstances surrounding the
death of Mrs. Pauline Smith, '' a colored
woman who died at 207& Tehama. street
last evening "from :a bullet wound in *ih»
head. Thus far the evidence found by l>e
tectlve ; Armstrong tends to
death was due either to accident or sui
cide. .' August Lind, in whose room the
fatal shot was ' fired, and James Mikkel
son, his: roommate, who owned the revol
ver, a re; under arrest and will be detained
-umil the investigation is completed. ; :
j "According to tne .stories told by Lind
•and Mikkeison, the. former called the wo
man to his room to assist him in binding
up a wounded hand. "- While Mrs.' Smith
was < preparing to •¦ dress the wound . Mik
,kelsonleft and went down town. ¦
Shooting; Is^Claimecl to Have
; Been the Result of an :
'v Accident.
Claims yThatfor Four Years
V J He Treated Her
Cruelly.
Wife of Mission Butcher
Brings an Action for
Divorce."
Mrs. -Pauline Smith" Dies
From a Bullet Wound
, in the Head. >: ; ; y%
WOMAN'S DEATH
CAUSES INQUIRY
SAYS HUSBAND
FRIGHTENED HER
THE SAN, FBiA^IS^ 12, 1902.
14
TONIGHTt
PIANO RECITAL
BT THE
ANGELUS
PIANOPLAYER;
ASSISTED BT
MR. JOE ROSBO ROUGH
AND •
TBE VICTOR
TALKING MACHINE
SHERMAN, CLAY T & CO/SHALL,
April 12, 1902, at 8:15 p. m.
Programme Stupendous.
STEIJTWAT PIANO USED.
ADMISSION FSEB— But to prevent
cvcrcrowtilnf of tt* hall tickcti ehouJd b* pro*
ami tt Ehcrmas, Clir A Ce.'t Mufte Btcrc,
ICuxrr isd Butter r u.
:;SilK Embroidered Collar Tops, V ; T v CROATS!!1
. ':; ' All' colors,; The latest thinjj in Neckwear,
;i^5 cents. To-day -- 10c to 50c
LOOK OVER Tffl^ LIST:
¦- : HOSIEBY. ;.:•¦ A SILK VAIST OFFER/-
'Voi/* to-<Jay for regular 20c quality CTQ y£K to-day for a regular $5.00
LiaC' WOMEN'S EXTRA LENGTH ; tJ>O»^O TAFFETA SILK WAIST. ;
IilSLE FINISH HOSE.' All sizes. . ' , o. These waists are ' made up , In ' one' - of the
| ft/ ; to-day for 'our best ' 35c quality Beason's best styles,- dainty and pretty in
'¦IcfC ' WOMEN'S HERMSDORFF DYE effect, trimmed with. tucks and silk but-
- wfttsv ••• ah «to« - ¦¦ '¦¦:'.'. ,'tons. All sizes and all the newest shades.
. ."^VV"^"^.!fi : "'-„/.» *t • ; -We quote but one of a full assortment of
'. ¦'¦' - v . • A WAIST SPECIAL. . these elegant garments at our usual pop-
Q=_. to-day, fort feeular ' $1.25 WO- ular prices. - .
; -?J&-ss'iSfaffi2M?aa- SPECIALS F0J r ™ E c UTTLE 0NES -
...and rows of .hemBtltchlng. All sizes. :. • .i.'^U.*' CAPES. :
' ' ' ¦¦*•' - WRABDFRS ; Sit- ACl for '""• CHILDREN'S WHITE
,.< ... . WKAPPC1O. i, <t> ¦ •T-U PIQUE CAPES, fine quality
'CkQ/f to-day for . regrular .$1.60 WO- ' material, lined -. throughout with Mar-
.- 57OW MEN'S PERCALE WRAPPERS, ' seilles ; flannel, cut /extra full, falls in
:•¦ lined waist and sleeves, made of best ' pretty . folds, :¦ made with , large turnover
, .material, in- all ; the • prettiest patterns,' collar., and ; trimmed "with .three rows of
flounced and trimmed with fancy braids. .wide cambric embrolderj*. , • ¦•» •
, si ieB 32to44. WHITE DRESSES.
-OUR CORSET DEPARTMENT T^c f °r children's fine lawn
: Orferslo'-aay'your choice of "any make 'or' .mhTni^ E or E v«.i ma f e Wlth i yok , es ' of
. style among our $1.25 line, of Corsets; for ¦J%£ T0 £'H v o l -yajenclwinea. lace inser-
«1 OO - • If • after \o davs the corset you - - « Ion . . dainty bretelles . of , lace or embrol-
buV^oes"noT Se^ «tuni^ same and ***?• with Just a narrow edging for neck
moW w,U : be or a new corset Z^™^^*^ %^^l
-; UNDimWEAR. ; ?126 SAILOR SUITS:
. sffaffriSrassBsaE? 1 : trlm -:
. - AD tud crtuirao miTTurc ' prettier than these Jaunty ; little sailor
.'FOR THE SUMMER ; 0UT1N65. suits. Never, sold for less than $2.00.
iptOr» to-day for regular $1.00 GRASS Y "T" KNIT UNDERWEAR.
.OOC -LINEN -OVERSKIRTS. flounced J— , Vxttt ,r
. and trimmed with rows of white braid. A . | « C for KNIT VESTS
perfect fitting, neat and stylish skirt for ¦ ** w ° r PANTS; ribbed or plain ; reg-
; ouUngs or warm days. , ular value 25c. ;
CI 1S5 t0 -day- for regular $2.00 COV-; ¦-. '.:' RIBBONS.
<t>l«l«> ERT.CLOTH SKIRTS, made a yard for B INPH WTnir sattm
. with : fashionable full flare flounce, , plain . 2 5 C ; tafffta- wash Sn In
>;ror trimmed vwlth rows .at white brald.T, ¦¦?£ }^-™$™£i£$gX . All
;OSr- : ' or '™P 1 l»r 50c 'full width,^ good 1 Cfc r» . \ a -* yard for 6-INCH WIDE LIB-
i-JJOC -quality LINENS- OVERSKIRTS. -..lcfCV, ERTT- SILK ¦ WASH RIBBON;
-All *lzes.- _ ¦ ' ,:• regular arlce , 35c. '¦¦'.-
Lace Collars, r Veiling
5i5cto$2.00;; I 1212-1214 MARKET SI 1 .,;
0 ',. ."'- ... , .- 0 ¦'¦;. Between' Taylor ind 'Jonea. " O' • ' ' — <
J ; - ¦¦'_ ' .r,:,^o: ' : OPKN. TO-NIOHT UNTII.'il\O' CLOCK.. , ;•¦ : .
Latest Novelty in
Ladies' Hosiery.
Black on white. This will be during the coming season the most sought
after and the scarcest article in the hosiery market.
We have just received five new styles in black on white hosiery and offer *£"¦*
for the first time at.... •*•. ..o«C
Ladies' Imported Fancy Hose-5 styles; coin dots, small black jertlcai
black stripes on white, white with black flower designs; also white with pins
and blue stripes; only a limited quantity, of each style; will last but a iew
days; sale price •• • ••• • ••••oUC tr&ix
Ladies' 35e and 5Oc Fancy Hose 25c-Ladies imported fancy hose; M
styles; red ground with black stripes and figures; sale price jioC .fair
Novelties in Infants' Lace Socks-In pink blue white, red .*»* W***.^ 80
infants' pink and blue lisle socks with silk embroidery fronts; sale pric|.^
52.O0 Each— Percale. In pretty, light striped patterns, with round yoke of white
tucked lawn and deep ruflle over shoulders trimmed with black and white
braid. . / . '
$2.5O Each— Percale, in pink, light blue, medium blue, red; round _ yoke of
white. tucked India linen and large sailor collar edged with embroidery; run
skirt with deep flounce. , - .. ' y
Others at $2.75 and $4.50 each.
Ladies' Q loves.
This list is inteqded to suggest a glove want— to let you know^ what is new
and proper — to let you know you should buy your gloves at Hale's.
81.50 Pair-Imported French kid 3-clasp Ht. Jouvin gloves— very stylish. : for
dress wear, and superior to any in fit and quality— all of the new and staple
shades. Pair ......:... •••. Sl.oO
SI. 5O Pair— THE "BLANCHE SUEDE"— a perfect fitting dress glove, made
from choice seletted kid— in pastel shades of mode and gray, also- bla^k..
Pair .- • BlioO.
* Our line of women's fabric gloves, perfect in fit, style and wearing quali-
ties, is very complete. : - . .. .— v
Milanese Lisle Gloves— In pastel shades of mode and gray, also black and white
With one large pearl clasp. Pair -- - r 5Oc.
Enelish Lisle Gloves— Fastened with two pearl clasps, in shades of mode, gray,
white and black— sizes 5% to 8. Pair - oOc.
The Latest Noveltv— Women's lace gloves for summer wear. In the new shades
of gray, mode, also white and black. . Pair ......5Oc
Imported Lisle Gloves— Fastened with 2 clasps— come in gray, mode, white
and black, sizes 5% to 8. Pair. :.. • 2oC
Jersey Wrist Lace Gloves— In*.yery desirable patterns— colors gray, rnftde,
white, black. Pair ...\:. ..;.:.... :... v :;.f. ..*....¦ ¦• 2oC
Elbow Gloves— Suitable for short-sleeved costumes and theater* wear— 20-button
length— in all the popular evening shades and black. Pair w..$l.<So
The' same as above In 16-button length. Pair- '...« .....Sl.OO
; ¦ . . . ; .' : ¦
u.s. crisps,-^ /ssr AesT* ¦"•> \ choice
3 large <^CT^ /§/ MOLASSES
RO VAL Baking Powder is indispen-
sable to the preparation of the finest
cake, hot-breads, rolls and muffins.
Housekeepers are sometimes importuned to buy v
other powders because they are "cheap."
Housekeepers should stop and think. If such
powders are lower priced, are they not inferior?
Is it economy to spoil your digestion to save
• Alum is used in some -baking powders
The "Royal Baker and Pastry Cook"— con- and in most of the so-called phosphate pow-
tainmg over 800 most practical and valuable ders, because it is cheap, and makes ,a-
cooking receipts — free to every patron. cheaper powder. But alum is a corros-
Sead postal card with your full address. ive poison which, taken in food, acts injuri-
ously upon the stomach, liver and kidneys.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
ADVERTISEMEITTS.
Kitctienlltensils
HAVING THIS c
(burned m the enamel) ateSafe
We claim Purity ana Safety, and
substantiate this claim with Chemists'
CertificateT" •;^j r j
Note the blue label nsed by ua (and -'
fully sustained by recent U. S. Circuit
Court decision) to distinguish our
. absolutely pure Ante Nickel-Steel
Ware. This label is pasted on every
. pieca of genuine Agate Ware.
¦ A full assortment of these Roods for sale by all
the leading DEPARTMENT and HOUSE
FURNISHING STORES.
BookUt Shinvirtg/ac-simiZe of tur laitl, tte.,
* /ret to any address.
LALANCE & OROSJEAN HFO. CO. *
BXOr YORK BOSTOM - CHTCACO
ARE -SAFE. -
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink '
Best NATURAL Alkalinel Water
220 BROADWAT. N. T.
§ll|§f PARKER'S "
JIM-- BALSAM
t Promotes the growth ot tbo hair »M ' I
!; gives It tbe lustra and sffidness of youtli. ' ',
!>Wben tbb hatr Is gray or tailed tt '
;l BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. :
j | It prevents Dandruff , and hatr taniTig : !
<; and keeps tne scalp clean and healthy. \
FOR OVER SIXTY/ YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING «YRUP
has : been used for over SIXTY YEARS h»
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHXLDRXi*
WHILE TEETHING.' WITH- PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT . SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTENS
tbe GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and la the ' best remedy for ¦ DlAit-
RHOEA. .. Bold by Druggists In «r«ry part ot
the world. Be por» and ask tor . > '
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING 8YEUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twcnty-Ftv C«nf m Bottl«.
Weekly Call.51.00 per Ttar